VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 150.
THREE BOER COLUMNS ARE
ADVANCING ON LADYSMITH
British Troops Under General White
F^eceiving Reinforcements for the
Coming Big Battle, Wfyd) Is Ex
pected to Begin on Sunday.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27— A special to the Journal from Cape Town says: The meeting of the British
and Boers in decisive battle will probably come Sunday. The battleground will be in British
territory, and the Boers will be the attacking force. Three columns of Boers are now advancing
upon Ladysmith. One column of the Transvaal soldiers under General Joubert is descending from
Glencoe by Waschbank* Wessels Nek and Elands Laagte, and a second column, also of the Trans
vaal troops, is moving southward from Dundee, taking the road by which General Yule escaped in
the night.
The first column is at Wessels Nek, only five miles north of Elands Laagte. The second col
umn, after taking provisions from stores at Dundee, advanced to Beith and looted the stores at
that place, but used no violence against any person. These two columns may join. They are ap
proaching Ladysmith from the northeast.
The third column, composed of Orange Free State men, is moving along the Harrismith
road, pointing at Ladysmith from the northwest. This force has passed Besters and Walkers
Hoch Station. and is within ten miles of Ladysmith.
The purpose evidently is to close in upon Ladysmith fromthe north, and, though no direct
information of any line of communication between the Transvaal columns and the Orange Free
State column is contained in messages received here from correspondents at the front, yet the
precision of the movements of the Boer forces indicates that one head is directing the advance of
the three columns.
Scouts report that General Joubert is unexpectedly strong in artillery. While the Boers are
pushing forward to attack, General White is receiving reinforcements from Durban and Pietermar
itzburg. His force at Ladysmith is now about 15,000 men, including the men of General Yule's
command that retired from Dundee.
The British wounded left at Dundee by General Yule when he withdrew in haste are reported
as receiving good care from the Boers, whose surgeons are attending them.
BOER LOSSES
AT GLENCOE UP
IN THOUSANDS
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The war situation
this morning presents no new features.
It is presumed in Natal that the Boers
are reconstructing their plans and that
the English are resting, but telegrams
from Ladysmith at express rates still oc
cupy forty-eight hours in transmission to
London, and therefore It Is not Impossible
that something. is happening.
One special dispatch asserts that Colonel
Baden-Powell, the British commander at
Mafeklng. is aware that Pretoria has
given General Cronje orders to stay his
hand, as already there is quite enough to
employ the Boers in Natal.
The Government has chartered the City
of Rome as a hospital ship.
According to the latest account of the
first battle at Glencoe. the Boer army
amounted to 7000 men and about noon an
other army, almost as large, under Com
mander General Joubert, advanced within
6000 yards of Glencoe camp and then re
tired. The Boer losses were very heavy,
fully 3000. _
BELATED STORIES
OF THE GLENCOE
AND OTHER FIGHTS
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 26.— (Delayed In
transmission. Two telegrams dated
Lourenzo Marquez, October 23, have been
received here, and In view of the fact that
all Pretoria news is now coming via I^ur
enzo Marquez, the authorities are in
clined to believe they are copies of of
ficial bulletins from Pretoria, The first
evidently refers to the Glencoe battle,
and says:
"General Erasmus, as reported, -was
compelled to retire, his men and horses
beini? exhausted. General Erasmus ap
pears to have been decoyed in the wrong
direction by the enemy and the British
Buc-eeded In repulsing the Utrecht arid
Vryheld forces. The number of killed is
unknown, but the burghers suffered heav
ily." A.,:
The second telegram bears evidence of
being a report of the same engagement
by Commandant Trichard. . It says:
"The Ermelo burghers, In charge of the
artillery, apparently fled from Dundee.
They were reinforced by Pretoria burgh
ers under General Erasmus. The English
opened a sharp fire and De Jaeger, with a
Krupp, yielfjed. Our wounded were nu
merous, Including Commandant Grebelcr.
We also lost 243 prisoners."
The story of the retreat from Glencoe
and Dundee shows the British were forced
to move their ramp twice in order to get
out of the range of the excellent Boer
practice. Just as they had decided to
Commnndant Botha, the fa
mous Boer fighter, who was
killed at Macfarlane Station,
near Kimberley, on the 24th
inst.
The San Francisco Call.
evacuate the second camp a shell killed
two soldiers.
"When General Yule heard of the battle
i of Elands Laagte he sent a squad of Hus
i sars, under Colonel Knox. and a battery '
j of artillery to intercept the Boers at Big- i
j garsberg. The artillery succeeded in |
■ shelling the Boers as they were retreating '
; over the Umpati Mountains, killing and |
i wounding many, but the artillerymen '■
were forced to retire by the rtfl« fir« of
I the enemy.
It appears that the Boers shelled the
' camp all day long Sunday and the Brit
! !sh were kept busy skirmishing and re- J
moving their transport wagons out of {
range. During the retreat there were I
many anxious moments Monday night, |
when the British marched through van I
Lqndeer's Pass, six miles long, across to !
Biggarsben?. The troops got through I
the dangerous defile, which fifty men
could easily have held, at 3 o'clock Tues- j
day morning.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— A dispatch from
i Utrecht, Transvaal, says: "The fighting at
! Glencoe lasted nine hours. The burgh-
I ers say that they never witnessed such a
| fight. General Lucius Meyer's force of
COOO men, with eight, six-inch guns, was
several times repulsed."
Belated reports from Tuli Fort partially
elucidate the situation on the Rhodesia!!
border. It appears that Colonel Plummer
ascertained that all the Zoutpansberg !
Boers, numbering 700 men, mustered un
der Piet Joubert at the Black River and
proceeded to Limpopo River, where they
arrived October 16. accompanied by a
number of armed Shangaan and Zout
panßberg Kaffirs, whom they had mm
i pelled to take up arms. The British
j troopers thereupon captured three Kaf
| fir chiefs, who are now held as hostages
: for the good behavior of their tribes.
On October 19, reconnoitring patrols
proceeding aJong the north bank of the
river in a westerly direction, suddenly
encountered a party of Boers in some
dense bush on the Rhodesia side of the J
Limpopo. The patrols retreated and the j
Boers fired, wounding a trooper. Bubse-
I quently Captain Glinne. with a patrol,
i left Tuli with the object of locating the
Boer force.
■ On October 21 a strong Boer patrol was ;
encountered at Rhodes Drift In thick
bush. A sharp skirmish was the result, i
.Two of the British were killed and two i
wounded. The Boers had seven men
killed and many wounded. The Boers re
tired to a strong position on a kopje, at
Ponts Drift. Major Pilsen, with an am
\ bulance, proceeded to fetch the dead and
I wounded, and while placing the bodies on
1 a cart, the Boers opened lire, killing two
horses, but In spite of the sharpshooting
the British succeeded in carrying away
their comrades.
The latest dispatch from Tuli, dated
: October 24, says: "A Boer patrol crossed
I the river ten miles above Rhodes Drift
twice recently, carrying native women i
and children. They shot and looted."
BURIAL OF SYMONS.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— Th« Colonial Office
has made public tho following telegram
received from Governor Hutchinson,
dated Pietermaritzburg, October 28:
"The following telegram has been re
ceived from Grey town from D. Greig, a
resident of Dundee, formerly in the tele
graph service: "1 left Dundee this morn-
Ing. General Symons dl*>d on Monday at
5 p. m. and was burled the following:
morning close to the English church by
ReT, \V. Daly. There was a firing party
and a few medical officers and a few
civilians attended the funeral. Th^re
were no Boers. Colonel Eckett, Majors
Boultbee. Hammersley and Nugent and
also f'nim, Johnstone and Ryan are Im
proving. The Boers occupied Dundee
Monday afternoon. Commandant Zuder
-1 berg Is in charge. Stores wvn looted by
individuals, who were unarmed. The
hospital was removed yesterday from the
old camp to' houses surrounding the rail
way station. The principal medical offi
cers asked me to report that everything:
w.-is going w«*ll and every one was cheer
ful and confident." "
CAUSED RUMORS OF INVASION.
COI.ESBURG, Cape Colony, Oct. 27.— A
detachment of twenty-four Free State
burghers crossed and recxossed the Or
ange River at Allemans Drift yesterday
for the purpose of studying: the ford,
which caused the circulation of rumors
of an intended invasion of the Colony
from that point.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
"THIS IS NO
LITTLE WAR" SAYS
LORD ROSEBERY
LONDON. Oct. Lord Rnsebery in
a speech at a private dinner of politicians
Wednesday, referred to the war and the
heavy. -loss of lite, saying tint -: they --toed
to deplore the death of General Symona,
and before they sheathed the sword there
would be many more such losses. Mean
while,* he added, the country ought to
present a united front to the enemy." 'In
his opinion the Transvaal was not a very
complicated question, but merely the ef
fort of a community to put back the
clock. Referring to Majuba Hill Lord
Rosebery raid Mr. Gladstone's action was
determined by the belief that the power
of Great Britain was so great that she
could afford to do things other nations
could not afford to do without risk. The
Boers regarded Mr. Gladstone's magnan
imity as a proof of weakness upon which
they could encroach.
Dwelling on the unfriendliness of the
foreign press and foreign public opinion,
Lord Rosehery said:.
"This is no little "war. There are na
tions watching with eagerness every trip,
every stumble, and, much more, every
catastrophe and disaster that may over
take our arms. War waged under these
conditions, therefore, Is not a little war.
I do not know why we should attract
=uHi 111-feeling. There is one simple test
that will apply to the British empire as
compared with other empires which watch
her with so much, I won't say malevo
lence, but candid feeling. We would be
only too glad at the presfMit moment to
strike a bargain with the rest of the
world that every frontier should • remain
as now. Of what other empire can that
be said? Yet we, who are not trying to
grain, but to maintain an empire; we who,
In the best and highest sense, are the
most conservative force In the world, are
the objects of the concealed dislikes of
Governments who, I think, are less single
minded than ourselves."
Lord Roscbery, in an impnssioned pero
ration calling upon the nation to main
tain a united front, after speaking of
Great Britain as "this lonely island in
these northern seas, viewed with such
Jealousy, such hostility, such jarred am
bition by the great empires of the world,
who count their armies with embattled
millions," . concluded amid stormy ap
plause with Shakespeare's words,
"Naught shall make us rue
If England to herself remain but true."
"BOER SPENDER" BEATEN.
I/iNDON, Oct. 27.— The Parliamentary
bye-election for the Bow and Bromley
division of Tower Hamlets, London, held
to-day to replace the Hon. Lionel R. Hol
land, Conservative, was fought on the
Government's Transvaal policy and re
sulted In a big Victory for the Govern
ment, the Conservative candidate. Wil
liam Guthrie, being elected. The Con
servative majority was practically twice
that Becured at the election of Mr. Hol
lajid.
Through the campaign Mr. Spender op
posed the war In South Africa and Mr.
Chamberlain's conduct of the negotiations
with the Transvaal Government. Hi* op
position was so persistent that ho was
dubbed by the Conservatives throughout
the canvass as "Boer Spender." His elec-.
tion literature denounced Tory patriotism
as "Invoking the slaughter of British
•workmen for the German millionaires on
the Rand." and declared that orders for
clothing and blankets were given by the
Government to German concerns and not
to British. Mr. Guthrte, moreover, was
accused by Mr. Spender of being a mem
ber of the board of directors of an insur
ance company which had raised the pre
miums on policies of officers going to th°
war, while he pointed out that no Ameri
can insurance company had Increased
Dremlums durlrrg the Spanish-American
war.
The constituency, which Is mainly of
the working classes, nevertheless plumped
for "Chamberlain and war."
BATCH OF BOER PRISONERS.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— A special dispatch
from Pietermaritzburg, Natal, dated Oc
tober 24. says: "Nine hundred an.d eighty
eight Boer prisoners arrived here this
morning. They Include Captains DewUt,
Hammer, F-irthus, Dorey, Van Legger
and Dottner."
DETAILS OF
THE FIGHTING
AT KIMBERLEY
English Stories of the Rout of
Boers and Killing of Com
mandant Botha.
I
LONDON, Oct. 27.— During the mo
mentary lull in the fight'ng In Na
tal cornea news from the western
border which temporarily shifts
the scene of chief interest to the
beleaguered British force at Klmberley.
The sharp struggle there Tuesday appearfa
to have been the result of a sortie, with
the view of breaking the cordon surround
ing the place. The British, apparently 500
strong, met 700 Boers, and according to
the official and other accounts routed
them after severe righting, in which the
armored trains appear to have done val
uable service. The Boers were intrenched
strongly seven miles northward, and the
British brilliantly carried the enemy's
position without serious loss. It Is said
that the .Boers twice unfairly used a
white flag.
Botha, who was among the killed, was
a member of the Volksrnud and a famous
Dutch fighter. He distinguished himself
as a marksman at Brenkhoratspruit when
the Ninety-fourth British Regiment was
mowed down. He afterward defended a
farmhouse against the British. When he
surrendered the farmhouse Botha was
found, with five wounds, bathed In blood.
A special dispatch from Cape Town to
day gives details of the defeat of 700
Boers by the British at Riverton, north
of Kimberley, Wednesday, In which the
enemy was completely routed with heavy
loss, the British loss being three men
killed and twenty men, including: two of
ficers, wounded. This is probably the.
same fight, though a different date is
given, as referred to In the ('ape Town
dispatch of yesterday in which it was
said that official reports from Kimberley
Tuesday announced that Colonel Soott-
TiiVner, with 270 men, had an engagement
with the Boers, during which a detach
ment of 150 men of the Lancashire Regi
ment distinguished itself and the armored
trains did good service. The Boers were
unable to withstand the splendid charge
of the Lancashlres, who cleared the hill
occupied by the enemy at the point of
the bayonet.
The Boer losses are described as very
heavy. Colonel Scott-Turner's force con
sisted of the local volunteers, who with
the Lancashires completed the rout of the
burghers after the artillery had driven
them out of their Intrenchments. Botha
Hon. Harry Escombe, ex-Pre- <
mier of Natal, one of the *
refugees from Dundee, who <
made the forty-mile tramp '
in the mud and rain.
RAILROAD WARFARE IN NATAL.
The Armored Train From Ladysmith Engaging the Boers Near Elands Laagte.
BRAVE BOERS DIED
TO SAVE COMRADES
DURBAN, Natal, Oct. 27.— fin interesting incident
in connection with the Elands Laagte fight is report
ed here. When the fire of the British guns became
too hot, eight Boers ran forward, out of cover, and,
standing together, coolly opened fire at the Imperial
Light Horse, with the evident purpose of drawing
the latter's fire, while tneir comrades retreated
Seven out of the brave eight were Killed.
commanded the Bashof force. The fight
lasted four hours.
Before the British sortie Kimberley was
apparently In high spirits, as a dispatch
fiom there dated October 23 says every
ore was cheerful, there at that time and
that a wedding was celebrated there that
day. The dispatch adds:
"Great enthusiasm has been aroused
here by the news of the British success
in Natal. Several farmers In the neigh
borhood of Kimberiey have been noticed
In the ranks of the Boers. A letter from
Father Rorke said 600 Boers with 100
wagons were laagered at Taungs. All the
whites have left except the women, who
sought refuge in the convent. The Boer
commandant has promised to protect
them."
The news from the northern border in
dicates that the Boers are actively .ry
ing to prevent Colonel Plummer from re
lieving Mafeking, whence the absence of
news since Pretoria announced the bom
bardment of the place is creating consid
erable alarm.
TWO CHIEFS THREATENED.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 27 —A telegram from
Buluwayo. Rhodesia, dated Monday, says:
"A Boer force is threatening Chief
Khama and Chief Linchwei, who are loyal
to Great Britain. The two chiefs' coun
try lies at the extreme northwest of the
Transvaal and Includes Bechuanaland. It
seems a gross mistake for the Boers to
provoke war among the natives. The
probable explanation is that ths Boer
force intends to destroy the railway to
Buluwayo, which runs through Khama's
country, and thereby prevent a movement
by Colonel Plummer's Rhodeslan force to
go to the relief of Mafeking. Already
there have been stories of a Rhodeslan
armored train engaging the Boers some
distance north of Mafeking."
BERESFORD OPPOSES ROSEBERY
LONDON. Oct. 27— Rear Arlmir.il
Charles Heresford, speaking at Glasgow
to-day against Lord Rosebery's candidacy
for the rectorship of the university, said
he admired the Earl's character and bril
liancy, but opposed him as a politician.
The speaker charged Lord Rosebcry with
following instead of leading public opin
ion and asserted that he was largely re
sponsible for the Transvaal resistance and
the present war, because he had remained
silent until wax had actually begun, and
the Transvaal has interpreted his silence
as meaning that the country was divided
on the Issue.
SCHIEL HAS A RECORD.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph says
he learns that Colonel Schiel, the wound
ed and captured commander of the Ger
man contingent of the Boer forces, is the
same Individual who acted as Cet way's
military adviser In the Zulu war and who,
after the battle of Ulundl, offered £1000
as a reward for the capture of the fugi
tive chief.
CROCODILE POINT SEIZED.
LOURENZO MARQUES. Oct. 27.— The
following dispatch has been received from
Pretoria, filed yesterday:
"The. Government has issued a procla
mation declaring that no rents or Interest
on bonds can be claimed during the con
tinuance of martial law, nor within a cer
tain fixed period after the repeal of the
same The Boers at Vryburg have se!
cured a quantity of ammunition Com
mandant Schooman has seized Crocodile
Point and destroyed the railway bridge
there President Kruger is in excellent
health.
SOME SPIES WILL BE SHOT.
DT'RBAN, Natal, Oct. 24 (delayed in
transmission).— Many spies have been ar
rested here and some of them will be
shot. On the strength of representations
by the Mayor of Durban the Governor of
Natal. Sir Walter Francis Heley-Hutchin
son. has prohibited the landing of all but
British refugees. T'ndesira'ble persons of
all nationalities will be rigidly excluded.
Already there are too many of this class
in Durban.
It is reported that one of the Indian
transports is being fitted out to convey
the Boer prisoners elsewhere.
FIGHTERS FROM MANILA.
MANILA, Oct. 27.— An Informal meeting
was held here this evening of men pro
posing to proceed to South Africa to fight
for the British. More than a hundred
Englishmen, Australians and Americans
decided to go. They organized a party
and believe they can secure 200 more men.
The volunteers include ex-soldlers, fron
tiersmen, . Englishmen familiar with the
Transvaal and commercial clerks.
RHODES WATCHED THE TIGHT.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 27.— According to
further advices from Klmberley the
Boers removed their killed and wounded
In cars. No reliable estimate of their
losses have been made. Mr. Rhodes rode
out and watched the fight. The towns
people. Including the women, mounted the
trenches, watching eagerly for the return
of the troops. Mr. Rhodes is cheerful
and gives dinner parties dally, at which
luxuries are abundant.
TO OFFSET ANNEXATION.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 27.— Sir Alfred MH
ner. Governor of Cape Colony, and W. P.
Schreiner. the Premier, have Issued proc
lamations declaring null and void the
proclamation of the Orange Free State,
asserting that a portion of Cape Colony
is now Free State territory.
Sir Alfred Milner's proclamation warns
all British subjects in the colony of their
duty and obligations to the Queen.
Mails for Refugees.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27.-The British
Government has reported to the United
States that large numbers of people from
the South African Republic and from- the
Orange Free State have flocked Into Cape
Oolony'and Natal for temporary residence
during the war and that every -effort will
be made to deliver their malls. The Brit
ish authorities suggest that if this coun
try puts into the. British mail letters and
packages addressed to persons in the
Transvaal or the Orange Republic the
Cape Colony office will try to deliver them
to such as are found there or in Natal.
It. is assumed from this that the British
have a list of refugees from the Boer
country- Mails to be delivered by this
means must be indorsed by the senders
"Via England." ..
PRICE FIVE CEN TS.
GOVERNMENT'S
WAR POLICY
IS ATTACKED
But the British Parliament Passes
the Appropriation Bill and Re
ceives Queen's Thanks.
LONDON. Oct. 27.— The third reading
of the appropriation bill in the
House of Commons to-day gave the
opportunity for further attacks on
the Government's war policy. Gavin
Brown Clark, Radical, formerly Consul
General of the Transvaal, accused the
Secretary of State for . the Colonies. Mr.
Chamberlain, of publishing- an emascu
lated version of the Boer franchise bill
passed by the Volksraad.
Mr. Chamberlain tartly repudiated this.
He said the bill was published exactly as
received from Secretary of State Reitz.
Thomas Gibson Bowles, Conservative
member for Lynn Regis, referred to the
heavy military' task before the Govern
ment and said he feared the foreign pow
ers would take advantage of Great Brit
ain's difficulties to make an attempt upon
her possessions. . All the great powers ex
cept Austria, he asserted, hated Great
Britain.
Lloyd Georg<\ Radical member for the
Carnarvon District, declared the offers of
the Transvaal had been misrepresented,
whereupon Mr. Chamberlain jumped up
and protested, and the Speaker, William
Court Gully, intervened.
Lloyd George then withdrew his ex
pression regarding misrepresentation.
The House of Commons passed the ap
propriation bill, after which the measure
was taken to the House of Lords and'
passed through all the stagf-s.
The session was then suspended until 2
o'clock In the afternoon.
In the House of. Lords at 2 o'clock the
Lord High Chancellor, Earl Halsbury.
| and the Lord Commissioners, fully robed,
| took up positions In front of the throne.
I The black rod summoned the -Commons,
the Queen's speech was read, and the
Lord High Chancellor declared Parliament
prorogued until January 15. The Commons
then returned to the Lower House, where
the Speaker. read the Queen's speech, aft
er which tne members filed past and
shook hands with, the Speaker, and tha
House then adjourned.
The Queen's speech was as follows:
"My Lords and Gentlemen: I am happy
to be able to relieve you of the exceptional
duties which have been Imposed upon you
by the exigencies of public service. I con
gratulate you on the brilliant qualities
which have been displayed by the bravo
regiments upon whom the task of repell
ing the Invasion of my South African
colonies has been laid. In doing so 1 can
not but express my profound sorrow that
Major Hammersley, who was
wounded at Glencoe.2
CASTRO GOVERNMENT
NOT YET RECOGNIZED
GENERAL CIPRIANO CASTRO.
/—^ ARACAS, Venezuela, Oot. 27.— The foreign Ministers met yesterday at the
American Legation and decided not to recognize the ' Castro Government
without Instructions from their respective Governments. President An
j drade has cabled from Barbadoes, where he arrived recently, to the com-
mander at Puerto Cabello, ordering him to defend the city against Castro
to the last extremity.
Coro and Maraoaibo have surrendered to General Castro. Order reigns her*.
General Clprlano Castro, the new President of Venezuela, Is only 36 years old,
but he has been in politics for a lons time. He was always one of the warmest
supporters of the Liberal party and took part in the war of defense during the
revolution that was lod by Crespo. That general d}d all he could to influence
Castro to his side, and even offered him a portfolio, but Castro could not be
persuaded to take it. The reverse, Indeed, was the fact, for Castro severely
criticised Creapo's administration. When Andrade's star began to rise Castro led
a movement ac-sunst him and CreSQO. After the failure of the "Mocho" Hernan
dez revolution the man who is now Prvfident successively defeated Morales and
Larrla and became the dominant military power in the country. With his new
success came hordes of followers, and Castro, after carrying numerous, towns, at
k the capital ltsplf. President Castro is a highly educated young man and
a "hard worker, but he is hampered by that explosiveness of character that is the
greatest handicap to the Latin race.
bo many gallant officers and soldiers have
fallen in the performance of their duty.
"Gentlemen of the House of Commons,
I acknowledge with gratitude the liberal
provisions you have made to repay the
expenses of the military operations in
South Africa,
"My Ixirds and gentlemen. I trust that
the divine b>sslng may rest upon your
efforts and those of my gallant army to
restore peace and good government In
that portion of my empire and to vindi
cate the honor of the country."
JOUBERT'S SYMPATHY.
LONDON, Oct. 87.— A special dispatch
frm Cape Town says: General Joubert,
»er o.jmn:ander, has sent a dispatch
of sympathy to Lady Symons, wife of
General Symons.
MEDIATION IS URGED.
THE HAGUE, Oct. 27.— At to-day's
meeting of the committee of the second
chamber on the foreign budget a reso
lution was adopted urging the Govern
ment to mediato between the Transvaal
and Great Britain.
CANNOT FORCE A TOWN
TO GRANT A LICENSE
Judge Buckles Benders an Important '
Decision in the Vieira License
Case.
SUISUN, Oct. 27.— Judge Buckles has j
' rendered *n important decision regarding j
ordinances governing the issuance of j
liquor licenses in municipal corporations '
of the sixth class. Joseph Vieira is a res-
Ident of Rio Vista and asked the court to
grant him a writ to command the Town
Clerk and Town Marshal to issue to him a
license to sell spirituous, malt or ferment- ;
ed liquors within said town in lesa quan- ;
titles than one pint. The officers r.efuFod ;
t" grar.t the license, as the petitioner had \
not complied with a certain town ordi
nance, which required any person desir
ous of conducting a saloon to present a
petition to the Board of Town Trustees
pig-ned by twelve resident freeholders re-
Biding upon the street on which the saloon
Is proposed to be opened.
Vieira made no effort to comply with
the ordinance. There were not twelve
resident freeholders residing upon the
Etreet. Vieira claimed this portion of the
ordinance was unreasonable and oppress
ive and void.
Judge Buckles said: "Our courts have
1 : i m effect that the sale of intoxicating
liquors is not to be classed as the sale of
Useful and beneficial commodities, but that
their sale may be prohibited. Rio Vista
could by ordinance prohibit the sale of in
toxicating liquors within the corporate
limits of the town. There is no inherent
right in any citizen to sell liquor by re
tall. The petitioner was not entitled to
the writ rued for and a demurrer against
the same is sustained."
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Dishonorable Discharges for a Quar
tet of Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— Amos Weller
was to-day appointed Postmaster at
Rosedale. Kern County, vie© W. R. Shep
pard, resigned.
The President has commissioned M. 8.
Carrlgosa Postmaster at Yorba, Cal.
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War. the following
named enlisted men, having enlisted un
der false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
Unltf-d States: Private Thos. S. O'Rourke.
Company! C, Twenty-eighth Infantry,
Presidio. San PYanclsco; Private James
W Boatwright, Twenty-ninth Infantry,
and Private Thomfus <>. Marrs, Thirty
second Infantry, Philippine Islands: Pri
vate William Thomas Marshall, Battery
I") Third Artillery. San Diego barracks.
Pensions for <*a!ifornlnns: Original— Emll
Schmidt, Veterans' Home, Napa. $6.
Oregon: Original widows, etc.— Mary E.
Spencer, Garden Home, $8.
Killed by an Emery Wheel.
A PA, Oct. 27.— A. L. Navoue, a native
of Italy, aged 50 years, was killed this
morning by the bursting of an emery
wheel, while sharpening a plowshare in
his machine shop. Navoue had but re
cently located in Napa, where he estab
lish e^arnachineshop^^^^^^^^^^^^
* 'Nature Abhors a Vacuum/
clothing in the 'world stands still. If
you are 'well and strong day by day the
blood supplies its tide of vigor. If you are
ill, the blood is wrong and carries increas-
ing quantities of diseased germs. You can-
not change Nature, but you can aid hv by
keeping the blood pure. Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla does this as nothing else can. Be
sure to get Hood's, because
FINED FOR
NOT URGING
HIS HORSE
Driver of Gaff Topsail Dis
ciplined at Los Angeles
Track.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
i LOS ANGELES, Oct. 27.— The attend- j
| ance at Agricultural Park was small to- ,
j day and owing to the tightness of the
i books the betting was dull. The first
i race of the day, the 2:13 trot, went to
Neerata, the favorite.
The special harness race for named
: horses was won easily by Ned Thorne in ;
: straight heats. Gaff Topsail, who has a i
: mark of 2:12, arrived fourth in the first
heat, which was made In 2:20%. The
Judges were convinced that Driver Smith
was not out to win and he was fined $100
for laying up the heat. Driver Donathan
: was substituted.
For Freedom took first money In the
four and a half furlongs. Yule, a 3 to 5
' favorite, had no trouble in landing the
six-furlong selling event. Amasa. at 1 to
I 5, had it his own way in the four fur
longs, beating his field of seven without
! effort. In the three-quarters Steel Dia
| mond, a 3 to 1 chance, went out from the
i barrier, and was never headed, Ned Den
! nis, the favorite, finishing second, a
; length behind.
John R. Gentry, Joe Patchen and Ana
i conda are the drawing cards for to-mor
, row, the last day of the meet. Results:
Trotting-. 2:13 class, three in five; purse $1000:
Neereta (Brook?) ;.2 111
Our Lucky (Hodgres) 1 2 2 3
! Addison (Lalterty) 3 4 3 2
I Hazel Ktnney (Dlckerson) 4 3 4 4
Time, 2:13 V 2:11^, 2:144. 2:14 U.
Special for named horses, three in five; purse
J500:
Jsfd Thome, trotter (Hellman) 1 1 1
Irvlngton Hoy, pacer (Cecil) 2 2 4
Iran Alto, trotter (Bunch) 3 4 2
Gaff Topsail, pacer i Smith and Donahan).4 3 3
Time, 2:20»i. 2:18^, 2:21.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds:
purse $250— For Freedom, 101 (Fauntleroy), 3 to
1. won; Pldalla, P3 (Stewart), 3 to 2, second;
Proclamation. 103 (Gutierrez), 7 to 5, third.
Time, ;SJH- Fallngo also ran.
Six furlongs, selling, three-year-olds and up
ward: pttne $300— Yule, 109 (Plßgott). 3 to 5,
won; Stromo, 89 (Fauntleroy), 6 to 1, seoond;
Jerld, 107 (finop), I to 1, third. Time, 1:13V4-
Artepta. Gibbertiflibbet and Jim Brownell also
ran.
Four furlongs, all ages; purse $250— Amasa,
119 (Sullivan). 1 to 5. won; Castelar, 118 (Enos).
6 to 1, second; P F, 119 (Stewart), 10 to 1. third.
Time, :48. Petrarch, Purniah, Gypsy. Jennie V
and Tom Smith also ran.
Six furlongs, two-year-olds: purae. $250 — 6t«el
r>lamond, 107 (Joe Weber). S to 1. won; Ned
Dennla, IPO (Pigfrott). 2 to 6, second; Summer,
107 (Eaos). 8 to I. third. Time, 1:15. Cowbcrj
also ran. Leonden was left at the post.
JURORS SELECTED TO
TRY WARDNER MINERS
Court Rushes Through the Prelimi-
naries Incidental to. Opening
the Case.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Oct 27. -Twelve men
j were selected to-day as jurors to try the
j Coeur d'Aleno miners accused of stopping
i a T'nlted States mail train at Wallace on
April 29. The court rushed through the
preliminary matters in connection with
j the trial, tho jury, with two exceptions,
j being drawn from the regular panel. In
I court this morning the defense was given
I the privilege of selecting twenty wit
nesses to appear on behalf of the pris
oners. These will be paid by the Gov
ernment, the defense claiming their in
ability to pay them. The court decline*]
I to-day to issue the order to obtain tho
I evidence given before the Coroner's jury
! in the deaths of Cheyne and Smith, who
were killed by the mob at Wardner on
I April 29 last.
Mac Donald Ends His Idts.
SEATTLE, Oct. 27.— A special to th*
Po=t-Tntelligencer from Kamloops, B. C,
says: Joe Mac Donald, Provincial Land
Registrar, committed suicide here last
ni^ht by shooting himself In the head. NO
cause can be assigned for the act. Joe
Mac Donald was one of the best known
and most popular men in British Colum
bia. He leaves a widow and four small
children.
Will Be Tried in Salinas.
SALINAS, Oct. 27.— Judge Dorn denied
the motion for a change of venue in thr
Sulsser murder case to-Uay. A stubborn
fiVh't was made to procure the change
The result gives universal satisfaction.
The trial has been set for next Tuesday
Millionaire Boniface Dies.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 27— Sir Charles
Gibson, the St. Louis millionaire an.l
owner of the Hotel St. Louis, died at the
Hotel Nicollet to-night, aged 73. Old ago
is given as tho cause of death.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
TESTS OF MARCONI'S
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Navy Department Officials Securing Ample
Proof of the Wonderful Work of
the System.
NEW YORK. Oct. JT.— Tho Navy Department continued its test of the Marconi system of wireless telegraphy to-day.
The demonstrations aro bein* mad© on the flagship New York and the battleship Massachusetts, in the North River,
off tho foot of Thirty-fourth atreat. The ships lay US yards apart and the demonstration was one of speed and ac
curacy. Code messages, u«!ng both the navy and the international Morse codes, were sent, besides numbers and let
ters selected at random. The largest continuous message wan a newspaper article of 200 words. In all, there were
six demonstrations and the work continued with intervals of preparation for about two hours.
Slgnor Marconi said he paid no attention to the apeed attained, aa the Navy Department waa more particular as to
the accuracy.
The equipment overhead consisted only of wires strung from the crossbeams o,f both vessels. On the New York tho ap
paratus was In the after gun room, and here Slgnor Maroonl did his work. On the Massachusetts the receiving and sending
was don© in the captain's office, where one of Marconl'B assistants was stationed. The clicking of the Instruments is vibrant
and could b« heard throughout either ship.
Of the Naval Board which supervised the tests, Lieutenant Commander Newton and Lieutenant Hill watched the work
on the flagship and Lieutenant Bllsh was on the Massachusetts. When the tests were concluded they held a conference on
the New York and compared notes. They will make a final report to the Chief of the Bureau of Equipment of the Navy De
portment.
It is expected that on Monday the New York and Massachusetts will cruise off Sandy Hook In order to make a long
distance test of the system. They may be away from the anchorage for several days. At times the vessels will be forty
miles from each other and this will be the crucial demonstration. If successful, it will prove how valuable the system would
be during a naval engagement or while a fleet Is blockading an enemy's coast. During tho long-distance tests the great guns
of the warships will be discharged as a further test.
None of the members of the Naval Board would give an opinion of the work done by Signor Marconi. Admiral Farquhar
watched the demonstrations for a time and Beemed greatly interested.
TWO AMERICANS
SLAIN IN BATTLE
Filipinos Driven From
Trenches.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
MANILA, Oct. 23.— General Young's
column, which started yesterday morning
for Cabanatuan, seventeentmilesi north of
San Isidro, drove a force of rebels from
the trenches near Tuboatln River and
compelled them to retreat across that
stream. The fighting for a time was
brisk. The Americans lost two killed
and one wounded. Owing to the swift
current of the river, which is also very
deep, it was impossible to pursue the
enemy.
WASHINGTON", Oct. 27.— News was re
ceived at the War Department to-day of
the arrival of the hospital ship Relief at
Manila. She reported the disappearance
at sea between Guam and Manila of Lieu
tenant Robert D. Carmody, who went to
Guam with the Marine Battalion on the
Yusemlte, when Captain Leary was sent
out as Governor to take possession of the
island.
There are no details of the occurrence.
It appears that Lieutenant Carmody was
taken aboard at Guam, presumably sick,
and on orders home or else on a furlough.
It is thought possible that he may have
jumped overboard while delirious.
The War Department has received the
following from General Otis:
"The insurgent government submitted
application to send five commissioners to
Manila to arrange difficulties attending
the release of Spanish sick prisoners and
discuss peace conditions. It was declined.
No negotiations are necessary, as we
would gladly receive all Spanish prisoners
at our lines, welcome them from their
cruel captivity, and labor for their wel
fare. Correspondence by mail."
The Cabinet meeting lasted two hours
and a half, an hour longer than usual.
After the adjournment the members were
unusually reticent. -One member said the
President had cautioned them against
making any statement about the meeting
to-day. It can be stated, however, that
the discussion related to the Philippines,
and there is reason to believe that it was
in reference to military and naval plans,
which are to be placed in operation soon.
CRUISER DETROIT WILL
BE SENT TO COLOMBIA
Warship to Guard American Inter
ests During the Insurrection
in the Republic.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— The State De
partment will request Secretary Long to
pend a man-of-war to Colombian waters,
and the Detroit will be ordered to proceed
either to Cartagena or Colon, probably
the former, which is the sea terminus of
the railroad connecting Cartagena and
Calamar. upon the Magdalena River.
This railroad was built and is owned
and operated by Bostnn and New York
capitalists. Private letters say the prop
erty is in danger on account of the insur
rection and that it would be advisable to
order, a war vessel to Cartagena to pro
vide necessary protection.
Consul General Gudger, at Panama,, re
ports that many arrests of liberals are
being made in' that city. Unrest prevails,
he adds, but no open discord. The Mar
blehead will soon be in cable communica
tion with the department and she will be
sent to Panama to guard that terminus
of the Trans-lKthmian railroad and the
Detroit will be used to protect American
Interests at Colon, as well as the road to
Cartagena.
JUDGMENT IN FAVOR
OF J. A. ROBERTSON
The American Capitalist Wins His
Suit Against Bondholders of
a Mexican Railway.
MONTEREY. Mexico. Oct. 27.— J. A.
Robertson, an American capitalist of
Monterey, formerly receiver of the Mon
terey and Mexican Gulf Railroad Com
pany, haa received official notice that
the higher Federal Court in the City of
Mexico has affirmed the decisions of the
lower courts awarding him a Judgment
of 5450,000 in gold against the Belgian
bondholders of the road, who are now op
erating the property. This large judg
ment is for money advanced and other
services performed in behalf of the com
pany by Mr. Robertson.
Mr. Robertson was the promoter of the
Syndicate of American capitalists- which
was recently organized in the United
States with a capital of $7,000,000 for the
purpose of dealing in Mexican railways
and mining properties. This syndicate
has already purchased the Monterey Min
eral Belt Railway and the rich San Pedro
mines, the latter being located near Mon
terey.
ESCAPES FROM HIS CELL
IN A DERVISH MONASTERY
Son of Midhat Pasha Flees to Eng
land and There Recovers Im
portant Documents.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
BEKLIN, Oct. 27.— A Constantinople
telegram to the Tagreblatt states that the
son of MidhatPasha, who since hisfather's
.hath has lived as a state prisoner in a
Dervish monastery at Smyrna, escaped
a short time ago. It is reported that he
went to England, where he succeeded tn
obtaining possession of certain papers
which Ills father had deposited in a place
.f s.'ifety come years ago. These are very
important documents and will throw new
light on the deposition and death of Abdul
Vziz the rauses which led to the abroga
tion of the Turkish constitution and the
outbreak cf the Russo-Turkish war.
Murphy Convicted.
NAPA, Oct. 27.— The trial of Joseph
Murphy, the assailant of Frank Fleming,
was concluded to-day. The Jury returned
a. verdict of simple assault.
BROOKE DEPOSES
GENERAL RIVIERA
•
Clash of Officials at
Havana.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Oct. 27.— General Rios Riv
iera, former Civil Governor of the prov
ince of Havana, whose withdrawal from
the Governorship was cabled last evening
as a resignation, denies that he has re
signed. He says he was dismissed and
that he does not know upon what grounds
the dismissal was ordered. He admits
that he recently remarked that he would
resign in the event that at least one out
of three nominations he had made to pub-
lie office was not approved, but he at
tributes his dismissal to the direct influ
ence of Senor Domingo Mendoz Capote,
Secretary of State In the Advisory Cab
inet of Governor General Brooke.
General Brooke, according to General
j Riviera, sent for the latter's resignation,
; which was refused.
Governor General Brooke, when ap
! proached regarding the matter to-day,
i said he preferred that any explanation
should be made by General Riviera hlm
i self. Senor Capote asserts that he re
j quested General xtiviera to resign because
: he was an obstructionist and out of har
mony with the administration, and that
General Riviera replied that he would
wait until he was dismissed, which was
decided upon immediately. There was no
objection, according to the Secretary of
State, to General Riviera holding certain
views as a private individual, but as a
i subordinate it was the duty of General
Riviera to carry out instructions and not
: to make himself an obstacle. There was
no other way to solve the problem, said
Senor Capote.
La Lucna.j. referring to the dismissal,
says: "The stole cause T*as the refusal or
General Riviera to allow cock-fighting, his
course in this respect -being contrary to a
previous order emanating from Senor Ca
i pote permitting It."
La Diseuslon says: "The occurrence
■ shows the lamentable lack of harmony
between prominent Cubans occupying
leading positions. The Government must
! have had exceptlon.il reasons for dlsmiss-
I Ing such a prominent man." .
El Cubano, ,ln an editorial on the gen
THE HIGHEST OBJECT
Of the art of advertising is to correctly
Inform the public of the merits of any
article, and truthful statements always
prove most effective In time. The val-
uable reputation acquired by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co., by reason of the
| excellence of the pleasant laxative rem-
edy, Syrup of Figs, which it manufac-
tures, confirms the statement which the
company freely makes, that the best
of remedies only should be used when
required by the human system. If a
laxative remedy is required the most
gentle and effectual— Syrup of Figs
should be given the preference over the
\ 4j§j/ J*m Franci/cg \*©
\^A ONTBCAI^ A j YDNOf A l i rPAl^^^ /^
|ONP O^%LANP TfoNGKONO (ttlty4
£ncircles,lhe $lobe_wit+i 'its worlcTfamed l&x&tive^rernedy
for sal e by the reputable" throughout the world - Price 50 cents per bottle.
eral state of affairs, abuses the Americans
and congratulates General Riviera on his
dismissal, adding: "Cuba is worse off than
formerly, when she owned her bad Span
ish laws. Now she is worse governed than
ever before, as both the American and
Spanish laws are in force, to be used at
the option of the Americans."
MASON'S RESIGNATION
A POLITICAL MOVE
Many Important Changes Will Be
Made if He Carries Out
His Threat.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— The Herald will say
to-morrow: "Senator William E. Mason's
threat to resign unless the administra
tion's present foreign policy is changed,
according to the latest prophecy, may be
executed before Christmas. Persons who
assume to bo well informed insist that he
will step out immediately in pursuance
of an arrangement which will change the
whole face of Republican politics in Il
linois. The story, as widely circulated
yesterday, runs to this effect:
"Senator Mason will resign in a few
weeks to take a high-salaried legal posi
tion—sl2,ooo or more a year— with one of
the biggest corporations In the country,
having headquarters in Chicago. Governor
Tanner will then resign and Lieutenant
Governor Northcott, on succeeding to the
Governorship, will appoint Tanner to the
vacant Senatorship. With Tanner thus
eliminated from the gubernatorial situa
tion, Northcott can be made the "organi
zation" candidate for Governor next year.
The interests which are alleged to be
making Senator Mason their attorney at a
big salary, with a long term contract,
are interests which have a friendly feeling
for Governor Tanner's future."
WARDEN AULL'S DEATH
PROLONGS WINTERS' LIFE
Acting Warden Murphy Doubted His
Authority to Execute the
Sentence.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 27.— But for the
death of Warden Charles Aull Harry
Winters, convicted of a murder com
mitted at Baden, San Mateo County,
would have been hanged this morning.
R. J. Murphy, Acting Warden pending
the election of Aull's successor, doubted
his authority to execute the sentence
and secured an opinion from Attorney
General Ford, in which he was advised
not to hang Winters.
In view of these legal objections the
Governor this morning issued a reprieve
ADVERTISEMENTS.
old-time cathartics and liver medicines,
which were disagreeable to the taste
and frequently injurious aa well. The
more one takes of salts and pills the
more constipated the system becomes;
while on the other hand one enjoys both
the method and results when Syrup of
Figs is taken. It is pleasant and re-
freshing to the taste and acts gently
yet promptly on the kidneys, liver and
bowels; cleanses the system effectual-
ly, dispels colds, headaches and fevers
and overcomes habitual constipation
permanently; also biliousness and the
many ills resulting therefrom. The
great trouble with all other purgatives
and aperients is not that they fail to
act, when a single dose Is taken, but
that they act too violently and inva-
FLORENCE MARRYAT, THE
NOVELIST, PASSES AWAY
THE LATE FLORENCE MARRYAT.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— Florence Marryat (Mrs. Francis Lean), the well-known
authoress, died In London this morning.
Florence Marryat, the noted novelist, inherited her genius for literature
from her distinguished father, the late Captain Frederick Marryat of the
British navy- In her childhood Mis 9 Marryat was by no means happy, and
her unfortunate surroundings left a brand of melancholy upon her spirit which
never left her. Her father showed little affection for Florence and her sister.
It was his custom to place the two tots on the high mantel of his dining-room
while he and his friends feasted. Florence Marryat had a remarkable success as
a writer of stories, and. surpassed her father in financial returns from her
literary labors. She not only excelled as a romancer, but won high praise as a
singer and an actress. She was caught in the wave of spiritualism that over
swept London and the fruits of her thought on this subject are found in her
books "There Is No Death," "The Risen Dead" and "Spirit World." Her
stories have been rendered into half the languages of civilzation.
Miss Marryat married first Colonel Ross Church and then Colonel Francis
Lean. Among her works are: "Too Good for Him" (new edition, 1868),
"Woman Against Woman" (1865), "Confessions of Gerald Estcourt" (1865),
"Veronique" (1869), "Fighting the Air" (new edition, 1R78), "A Daughter of tha
Tropics" (1887). She also published "Life and Letters of Captain Marryat," two
volumes, in 1872.
In the case until December 8, by which
time, It is believed, a new Warden will
have been installed at the Folsom prison.
MERELY A CONSOLIDATION.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2T.— ln view of con
flicting atatements and various conclu
sions as to the primacy of either company
in the recent Pullman-Wagner merger
the exact conditions are stated as fol
lows:
Neither the Pullman company has ab
sorbed the Wagner nor the Wagner com
pany has absorbed the Pullman. The
two companies have simply amalgamated, j
retaining the Pullman organisation, how
riably tend to produce a habit of
body requiring constantly augmented
doses.
The excellence of Syrup of Figs is due
not only to the originality and simplic-
ity of the combination, but also to the
care and skill with which It is manu-
factured by scientific processes known
only to the California Fig Syrup Co..
and therefore we wish to impress on all
the importance of accepting the true
and original remedy only. When buy-
ing note the full name of the company
—California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on
the front of every package.
In the process of manufacturing the
pleasant family laxative made by the
California Fig Syrup Co., and named
Syrup of Figs, figs are used, as they
ever, in preference to the Wagner, as the
Pullman is a stock company and tha
Wagner merely a business association
with no charter. The Wagner company
has four directors in the new Pullman
company and although the new jompany
may have the name of Pullman It will ls
equally as much Wagner as Pullman and
■will operate tin all the Vanderbilt lines.
Judge Jones HI.
WOODLAND, Oct. 27.— Judge E. E.
[ Gaddla of this county has been directed
to go to Trinity County and preside in a
murder trial on account of the sudden ill—
i nesß of Judge T. E. Jones. The case is
j one growing out of the Littlefleld murder.
are pleasant to the taste: but the me-
dicinal properties of the remedy are
obtained from an excellent combina-
tion of plants known to be medici-
nally laxative and to act most
beneficially.
As the true and original remedy
named Syrup of Figs is manufactured
by the California Fig Syrup Co. only, a
knowledge of that fact will assist in
avoiding the worthless imitations man-
ufactured by other parties. The high
standing of the California Fig Syrup
Co. with the medical profession, and
the satisfaction which the genuine
Syrup of Figs has given to millions of
families make the name of the com-
pany a guarantee of the excellence of
its remedy.REPUBLICAN LEGIONS WILL RALLY TO-NIGHT.
Splendid Work in Behalf
of Horace Davis, a Clean
and Capable Man.
TO-NIGHT Metropolitan Temple will
with cheers for Horace Davis
ndidates on the Re
!ran ticket. Last evening the
announced that
K. g om er of New Jersey,
iors of the country,
.. Horace Davis. Senator Per
[rving M. Bcott to-night In pro
ie principles of the Republican
■ reserved as far as
<>ir escorts, but
; ad thai I here will be a
hear the brilliant
The Knickerbocker q
.:lg.
Phelan. and the struggling followers of
the ' Committee of One Hundred, assert
that national questions have no place in
this municipal contest. Should they visit
Metropolitan Temple to-night they will
learn to. a certainty that the people do
not entertain that narrow view of the
contest. Yesterday at the Risdon Iron
Works Phelan said to the men there em
ployed: "There are no national issues in
volved in this contest. Next year you can
wave the starry flag."
The workingmen of San Francisco will
not ask Mayor Phelan's permission to
wave the starry banner in this year's j
tight for good government, clean politics
and patriotic principles. The Republi
can orators will bring out the starry flag |
to-night and the people will rally around j
Phelan -and the place-hunters under his |
banner are very much alarmed at the
suggestion that workingmen shall "wave
the starry flag" in a local contest. The j
plain fact is that the convention which
put out the ticket tnat Phelan heads was
not permitted by McNab and Phelan to
make a declaration of principles. The
game at that time was to catch Republi- ■
can votes on a non-p;iriisan basis and
fool Democrats by a general hurrah.. It
is now obvious to the Committee of One
Hundred that the Republicans cannot be j
used to advance Phelan's ambition, and
that the free silver Democrats ■ are dis
gusted. Having no American principles
to advocate Phelan is forced to make a
bogging canvass and suggest that the flag
be put out of sight. Yesterday at the I
K'sdon Iron Works be also said to the j
men: "The Republican party will undo !
all our work: It is not in favor of prog- j
ress. Have confidence In your Mayor and j
the Mayor will do what he has promised."
Henry T. Scott, who Is in Washington
tc bid for the construction of protected
cruiSHrs at the Union Iron Works, yester
day wired as follows:
WASHINGTON. D. C. Oct. 27. 1599.
Zenas V Dodge, San Francisco: Republicans
consider this fall elections most important, as 1
telng forerunners of 1900, and are watching
with great interest the culmination of the citi
zens' movement In San Francisco so success
fully Inaugurated. H. T. SCOTT.
The enthusiasm of the young Repub
licans of San Francisco is irrepressible.
The Republican voters of the Thirty
fourth Assembly District, with all due re
spect to the county eommitteemen, ap
pointed by the regular organisation, de
mand a public ratification meeting- of the
candidates nominated by the regular Re
publican party convention in San Fran
cisco. They demand that such meeting
shall be held at Native Sons' Hall on
Thursday evening, November 2, 1593, and I
declare that the meeting will take place
then and there. The Thirty-fourth Dis
trict Republican Club, an enthusiastic or
ganization of said district, has taken
charge of the proposed meeting and will
rally a large and cheering assemblage. j
The club has indorsed the Republican |
ticket from top to bottom and is making !
an energetic fight for the election of each
and everj- candidate thereon. Well
known speakers will be in attendance Jn
connection with a quartet and band of
music. A cordial and hearty invitation !
is extended to each and every voter in j
the district to be reseat and so by his '
presence assist in electing the Republican
candidates. The list of speakers will be
announced In due time.
The South Park Improvement Club re
cently indorsed Horace Davis for Mayor. •
The club will meet again to-night at 930
Howard street. P. F. Benson and M. J.
McP.ride will address the meeting.
The people of the Thirty-seventh As- 1
sembly District will rally to-night at Park
View Hall, Sunset District, Ninth and H
streets. Able Republican speakers will
address the audience.
The John Lackmann Club held an over
< at Pythian Castle last nl?ht.
A number of speeches were made and the
greatest enthusiasm prevailed.
EMPLOYES CAN VOTE.
At the regular meeting of the officers
of the Merchants' Association yesterday
the board decided to send a communica
tion t'j each member of the association
calling attention to the law that allows
employes two hours to vote at the ap
proaching election. It was also decided
to ask all employers to allow their em
ployes sufficient time before the opening
of business to exercise the elective fran
chise. In cases where it would be Incon
venient to have all employes vote before
tht> opening of business In the morning,
empl 1 be asked to allow such
employes to vote in the afternoon before
the polls close. This course was deemed
advisable by the board, which believes
30 DAYS' TRIAL FREE
Marvelous Nerve Force Imparted by a New and Startling
Discovery— Every Weak, Nervous or Enfeebled
Man Should Give It a Test.
Will Be Sent Free on Thirty Days' Trial So All May Experience the Wonderful
Sensation of Restored Vigor— Without Cost.
PROF. A. CHRYSTA"L.
a wen-Known pro:»»so r has made the for-
tunate discovery that what has heretofore been
known as lmpotency or lost manhood Is due
to paralysis of the nerves. As :t requires a
rigorous condition of the nerves to control the
muscles, the professor has found a wonderful
power that Instantly awakens the nerves and
thus restores complete muscular strength. He
Bays: Th.> marvelous power exerted by recent
additions and. improvements to my electric belt
and appliances Induces me to send it on 30
Says' free trial so certain am I that it will
cure and that the wearer will gladly pay the
small price asked after the 30 days' trial.
To man trtw have battered their stomach!
that every citizen should now take an
active part In municipal affairs. It wouid
also avoid the necessity of making muni
elections legal holidays. The elec
tiu-.i polls will be open from 6 a. m. to 5
p. m.
COLORED CITIZENS' UNION TO
INDORSE BEST CANDIDATES
At a meeting held yesterday at its head
quart.':- "18 Market street. It was re-
I that the Colored Citizens' League
will Indorse the best men and those who
are in sympathy with the colored race,
irrespective of party atfiliations, and sup
port the indorsements at the coming elec-
ENTHUSIASM FOR DAVIS IN
THE THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT
Prolonged cheers and repeated applause
greeted every mention of Horace Davis'
name at the Republican rally held in
Saratoga Hall last night. The meeting
was enthusiastic from start to finish, and
the large hall was packed with voters.
The rally— and It was a rally— was held
under the auspices of the Thirty-ninth
District Republican Club, the Continental
League and the Horace Davis Club of the
Thirty-ninth District.
Frank D. Worth, president of the Con
tinental League, presided. After a few
words of welcome and a statement of the
purposes of the meeting, he introduced
L. G. Carpenter, candidate for Police
Judge. Before mentioning his own fight
Mr. Carpenter spoke of the merits of the
Republican candidate for Mayor. When
he concluded he received most hearty ap
plause. Following Carpenter came Major
Charles Boxton, Charles Bliss, Judge
Joachimsen, Asa R. Wells and Charles
Jackson, whose remark were warmly ap
plauded by the audience.
When this relay of candidates had come
and gone the Knickerbocker Quartet and
the band prepared the audience for the
next batch of speakers. Colonel T. V.
Eddy, Major Kyle. E. Myron Wolf and L.
A. Gibbons spoke of the campaign issues
and the merits of the candidates. Not a
word was lost by the absorbed audience
and frequently the speakers had to wait
for the applause to subside. ■
One gf the last speakers of the evening
was Horace Davis, and his reception was
of- the Intensely enthusiastic kind. By
many of the candidates the principles of
the charter were expounded and the posi
tion of the Republican party in relation
to It was treated at length. Altogether
the meeting was a splendid success and
the citizens of the Thirty-ninth left the
hall confident of victory for the Repub
lican ticket at the polls on November f.
.»
SCANDINAVIAN REPUBLICANS
CHEER FOR HORACE DAVIS
There was a well-attended meeting held
last night at Teutonia Hall under the
auspices of the Scandinavian Republican
Club. C. J. Peterson acted as chairman
and addressc-H wer>- delivered by Major
C. W. Kyle. Nathan Blbo and D. C. N.
Goodsel. nominees for Supervisor; L. G.
Carpenter, nominee for Police Judge;
John Farnham. nominee for Public Ad
ministrator, and others.
ORGANIZED A STRONG DAVIS
CLUB IN THE FORTY-FIRST
One of the strongest Republican clubs
of the campaign has been organised in
the Forty-first Assembly District unuer
the name of the Young Men's Horace Da
vis Club.
The club has among its members a
large number of yountr business men of
the city who for the first time have taken
active Interest in politics. Every block
in the 'arge district has its representa
tive, who has pledged himself to make
a canvass from house to house and make :
an energetic endeavor to interview every
voter In the district in the interest of Hor
ace Davis for Mayor and the Republican ;
ticket In general.
Early in the campaign a Horace Davis
Club was organized in the district of
which the Mayoralty candidate is a resl- I
dent and Mr. Davis became an active '
member.
Some of th*> younger members took vm
brage at the oft-repeated remark of Mr.
Phelan in his numerous speeches that the
young voters of the City were almost a
unit in organizing- clubs in the interest
of Democracy under his leadership and
to show that Mayor Phelan's idea
not well founded proposed the org
tion of a young men's club in the interest
of Horace Davis and to make it a feature
of the campaign. A meeting was' called
at which a strong roll was signed and
officers elected as follows: N. H. Frank,
president; Sidney M. Ehrman. vice presi
dent; "Wallace Bradford, treasurer, and
I >. N. Hanna, secretary. An executive
committee, consisting of Messrs. Cadwal
ader, Faull. De la Matyr. Hollis. Riggs,
Frledlander. Baird, Gedney, Manuel,
Nixon, Ludwig, Dibble, Grler, Burnett and"
with drug? I want them to exercise their judg-
ment and consider that electricity is the great-
est power on earth. Its unseen current puta
life and force Into whatever it touches. The
constant, steady life extended by my new
Electric Appliances gives Instant relief and
never falls to cure Rheumatism, Backache,
Kidney Troubles, Early Decay. Night Losses,
La«*k of Nerve Force and Vigor. Nervous De-
bility, Undevelopment and Lost Vitality. You
may not have faith In it now, but wear It for
30 days and you will then realize why I have
such confidence In it as to send it to you on
trial.
I receive the moat wonderful testimonials day
PAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28. 1899.
HON. F. X. SCHOONMAKER, THE POPULAR ORATOR.
Wiel. was appointed with Instructions to
canvass the district for recruits for the
cause.
The club has secured headquarters at
ISO] P'lk street, corner of Washington, at
which nightly meetings will be held. A
grand rally has been arranged for next
Thursday night, when it is expected the
membership of the club will be greatly
Increased.
If energy and hard work on their part
will accomplish it the members are con
fident of electing Horace Davis the next
Mayor of San Francisco.
PHELAN'S BOASTED ECONOMY
DISPROVED BY PLAIN FIGURES
An enthusiastic meeting of the Twen
ty-eighth District Horace Davis Inde
pendent Republican Club was held last
night at 63$ Folsom street. Although pre
liminary organization of the club was
effected only last Wednesday night it al
ready has a membership of eighty-seven
voters, with the following officers: Pres
ident, J. W. Allan; vice president, T.
King; secretary. R. E. Cole; treasurer,
Charles G. Jaegar.
The first speaker last night was Major
\V. W. Allen, who proceeded In a convinc
ing: manner to show that the economy at
tributed to Mayor Phelan was not war
ranted by the facts and he quoted the fol
lowing nerures to prove the truth of his
assertions:
"The expenses of the municipality In
said Major Allen, "when Sanderson
was Mayor, were $5. 394, 155. In 18'.t3 and
1894, when Ellert was Mayor, they were
$5,177,324 48 and $4,931,068 39 respectively. In
1896 and lSf'6. when Sutro hold the office,
the expenses were $5,565.527 and 56,768,586 15
respectively, and In 1597. with Phe'.an,
they were Increased to ■56,403,575 2S, and
last year they amounted to $6,216.052 55.
The expenses of the health office Jumped
from $23,051 in 1892 'to $70,355 C 5 In 180 S.
These increased sums represent practi
cally the amounts which the political cor
moranta that surround Phelan have ab
sorbed."
The other speakers were R. B. McClel
lan. Edward Close, A. P. Black, Judge
J.'arhlnisen, J. H. Scott and others, and
the meeting concluded with three rousing
cheers for Horace Davis and the rest of
the Republican ticket.
DEMOCRATIC SPELL-BINDERS
ON PARADE AT APOLLO HALL
The one Democratic mass meeting In
San Francisco, held last at Apollo Hall,
at 810 Pacific street, will not go down in
history because of the crowd that turned
out to participate and see As.sessor
Dodges charts. What there was of it.
after day. Rev. S. B. Stephens of Derry Sta-
tion. estmor-land County. Pa., says It cured
him o. a terrible disease, that had deprived him
or happiness. His nerves were in a bad con-
dition of weakness, but In three days after
putting on the belt and suspensory he felt
wonderfully Improved and now has the full
strength and vigor of every member of the
body.
George A. Johnson, box 112. Painted Post
N. 1., says that while he never practiced ex-
cefa when young he found himself at 40
a prematurely old man. but the belt and sus-
pensory have completely restored him
J V Spencer of Grafton. W. Vn. says h»
spent hundreds of dollar* In medicines and
tho old styles of elertrlr belts so widely ad-
vertised, but received no benefit. Although 56
yean old and for. 12 yearn a sufferer of lost
manhood my belf cured him sound and weAl
and h<" la now stronc and vigorous.
A. Zahlhaus of Sharpftburg. Pa. war» mv
belt and suspensory for unhealthy organs and
emissions and haa regained perfect strength
and health.
A gentleman of high standing financially and
socially, who wished me not to use his name
writes: "I am now 65 but feel tut vigorous
as at 35. Was confronted with seminal weak-
ness for many years and as nn act of justice
I must Bay your belt and suspensory have re-
stored my 'pristine vigor.' "
He trays he will gladly answer all Inquiries
His address Is P. O. box 630, Lacon Ills
Jnhn B. Bardsley of Gunntson. Colo, says
the belt and suspensory have entirely cured
him and he will gladly explain what his trouble
was to all who care to inquire aa he la very
much enthused by his recovery.
S. L. Fry of Redding. lowr. says the belt
i savd his life and he will gladly tell other
sufferers his experience.
Thousands of others write in the same
! grateful manner and should the reader desire
to write to any of these gentlemen please send
a stamp for reply.
r>o not fail to write at once to Prof A.
! Chrystal. 701 Post Office block. Marshall. Mich.,
i as he is anxious to have every man wear his
1 new and marvelous belt and suspensory for 30
■ days and try it fully before spending a cent
I for It. Remember after giving the belt a
! trial If you are not perfectly satisfied return
It to üb, it costs you nothing to try It.
Write to-day before you forget it.
however, was enthusiastic, and every
name on the ticket was cheered as Its
owner came to the front to have his say.
Mayor Phelan was given an ovation, -and
hip speech, which had been heard pre
viously in other sections of the city, was
well received. Mr. Phelan gave nearly the
who!» of his time to denying that national
ipsut'S had anything whatever to do with
the present campaign. "Our Republican
friends insult your intelligence when they
say so," declared his Honor. "They try
to tell you that Mr. Hanna and Mr. Mc-
Kinley back there in Washington will be
deeply distressed if you do not elect Dr.
Beverly Cole for Coroner, and that if you
do not you will be denouncnig the course
of the adminißtration and the late war.
Do not let them so far mislead you with
these fallacies that you will forget all
about gas and water and new school
houses and all these things which are of
importance to you."
The Mayer closed with the statement
that the things San Francisco needed she
could not get without going into debt, and
that that was exactly what he proposed
should be done. The city was rich and
could afford it.
Lewis F. Byington spoke for the ticket
GREAT ISSUES
BEFORE POLITICS
Schurz's Stand Against
Imperialism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 27.-A number of
prominent German citizens recently ad
dressed an invitation to Hon. Carl
Schurz to deliver an address in Cincin
nati. The following reply waa received
to-day:
NEW YORK, Oct. 23, 1599.
Dear Mr. Rattermann: It was a matter ot re
gret to me to be unable to accede to your re
quest to deliver a non-partiean address on Im
perialism In Cincinnati en my return trip from
Cnlcaxo. This wag partly due to my anxiety
to reach home and also because a non-partisan
discussion of this question is no longer recog
nized. I would be pleased If this question could
be taken out of party politics, because if this
Is not done the only choice that will be left
us next year will be between a party present-
Ing Imperialism and sound money and another
party which, In opposition to Imperialism, will
combine with It an unsound money issue. This
alternative can only be avoided If the Imperial
policy is removed, and the first step necessary
to that end Is not alone the cessation of hos
tilities by a victory of our arms, but the re
liiiquibliment of the Philippines. If the Fili
pinos are not granted their Independence then
lrriwrlaUGm would l^e the main Issue In the
Presldmtlal election next year, crowding all
other lesues.- Into the background. The signs
are already apparent and I see that the Cin
cinnati Vclksblatt warns us as follows;
"Practical peopls are of the opinion that Mr.
Schurz could be of greater service to the coun
try if he would come to Ohio and again fight
the silver swindle Instead of working Into the
hands of the free colnagers by placing annc-xa
tlcn into the foreground. For it is a fact that
free coinage represents a greater danger than
annexation."
I am of a different pattern. No ona can say
of me that I undervalue the danger that may
arise from free coinage. But I hold that im
perialism .13 decidedly more dangeroup, for :t
means the ruin of our free Institutions. If.
then, we could not oppose Imperialism without
working into the hands of the free coiner.-;, as
the Volksblatt says, what then? It means that
three years ago in good faith we elected a Presi
dent to solve the money question, who, in- '
stead, has burdened us with imperialism. In
this connection the warning to speak of some
thing else sounds peculiar.
Of what do the speakers who have been
called Into Ohio really ppeak? Did Governor
Roosevelt, for instance, dilate upon the silver
Question? He was principally occupied in call-
Ing us to hold up our heads in answer to antl
imperlallstic arguments. And the rest of the
orators do likewise.
If under these circumstances I would, by the
agitation of the silver question, aid the Repub
licans of Ohio to victory I would be convinced
that the administration would construe such
a victory and make unlimited capital out of It.
.Toward such a result I cannot conscientiously
contribute.
I am of the honest conviction that the great
est danger that now threatens the republic Is
Imperialism. I believe that It Is our highest
patriotic duty to set aside all party Interests
and to do our best to avert this danger. It w.is
to this end that last year I opposed the candi
dacy of Rooeevelt for Governor in thlj' State
I did this although I was a personal friend of
Roosevelt and worked with him for civil serv
ice reform. I believed then, and still believe.
that his defeat, with his Imperialistic pro
gramme, and in spite of his new-earned fame,
would have frightened the administration In
Washington from the annexation of the Phil
ippines, and in this manner the danger would
have been greatly minimized. Many of my
acquaintances here, who were then of a con
trary opinion, agree with me now that the re
sult of the sacrifice would have been well
worth the price. The situation this year ap
pears to me to be exactly the same. If the
fall elections result In a manner that the ad
ministration and Congress are encouraged to
further progress on the path of Imperialism,
then, unless unlocked for events should Inter
vene, the main question that will confront us
next year In the Presidential election will be
imperialism, and to save the republic from her
greatest danger will require unpleasant sacri
fices. Such encouragement to the administra
tion should be withheld at any cost. •
We are In the midst of a crisis in which every
good citizen should regard it as his highest
duty to make the least Important subservient
to the important, according to his knowledge
and conscience, and not permit himself to be
governed simply by party considerations. With
friendly greetings, yours, C. SCHURZ.
16 East Sixty-fourth street.
The Dunvegan Castle Safe.
LONDON. Oct. 27.— Late advices an
nounce that the Dunvegan Castle has ar
rived at Madeira.
Speakers in the Cause of
Prosperity and Reform to
Address the People.
generally, and carefully instructed his
hearers upon the proper way to vote the
new ballot, and'also took occasion to deny
emphatically that national Issues were to
be considered.
Assessor Dodge, accompanied by charts
and an assistant, pointed out to his hear
ers where he had saved them money on
their taxes and made the unholy corpora
tions make up the difference, and he also
explained why he had gone to such
lengths Ln collecting the 1 poll tax. Mr.
Dodge's speech was of considerable length
and was well received.
A bunch of aspirants to Supervisorial
honors also had their say, as did also rt.
P. Dool*n for Tax Collector, Ldrnond
Godchaux for Recorder and Franklin K.
Lane for City and County Attorney.
PHELAN HURLS A BOLD DEFI
AT THOSE WHO OPPOSE HIM
Mayor Phelan boldly defied the people of
this city last night in a speech before the
Montlcello Club. In words that left no
room for doubt as to their meaning he in
timated that If re-elected he would use
the charter for Phelan and for Phelan's
friends. No others need apply. The meet-
Ing, which was held In Metropolitan Hall,
was not given for the purpose of further-
Ing the interest of any particlar candi
date. • The members of the Montlcello
Club take an academic interest in politics
and had Invited Mayor Phelan and Frank
lin K. Lane to address them in a general
way on municipal matters. Mr. Lane kept
within the bounds and delivered a very
Interesting and instructive address. No
one was given a hint, from anything he
said, that he was a candidate for office,
or that San Francisco wa.s going to have
a municipal election within a few days.
With the Mayor it was different. He got
started off all right, but toward the wind
up he could not resist the temptation to
talk about himself, about his charter,
about his Democratic party and about his
San Francisco. Referring to his power of
appointment he said virtually that no Re
publican who was not a Phelan Republi
can during his campaign would stand a
ghost of a show of receiving any of his
political favors.
"The charter provides," said the Mayor,
"that as many Republicans as Democrats
must be appointed on the public commis
sions; but I want to say right here that
If any Republican expects to be repre
sented on those commissions he must
come from the ranks of those who meet
us on an equality. No traitor to the char
ter—no Republican who has dared to at
tempt to force national affairs into our
local campaign will be given considera
tion."
DR. VOORS ANGER ANSWERED.
Majority of His Coreligionists Will
Support Horace Davis.
Editor Call: There has lately appeared
in an evening paper an article by Rev.
Dr. Voorsang-?r favoring the cause of Mr.
Phelan. The reverend doctor would per
haps resent the charge of having dispar
aged Mr. Davis. But he has, to say the
least, "damned him with faint praise."
The reverend doctor's good taste in thus
descending from the pulpit Into the arena
of practical politics is not here the ques
tion. Upon that point perhaps Americans
are universally agreed. But the doctor,
whatever the merit of his article, the
truth of his observations or the propriety
of his action, occupies a position that
gives to his utterances an added weight
derived entirely from the persons whose
spokesman citizens at large have a right
to presume him to be. That he is author
ized to voice the political opinions of his
coreligionists it is our present purpose to
deny. He is at liberty to express what
opinions of his own he sees fit, and noth
ing' but a sense of propriety and the dic
tates of good taste can exert an Influence
to prevent him. But in his article he
should have clearly indicated that he was
voicing his individual opinion only, and
he should not have used the columns of a
seeturian religious Journal to pronounce
a panegyric upon a political canuidate.
Rev. Dr. Voorsanger's views are dia
metrically opposed to those of a large
number if not the majority of persons
whose opinions he is erroneously pre
sumed to voice. Common candor and
fairness should have prompted him to
make that plain. Those whom the doctor
presumes to represent are overwhelm
ingly Republican, and we venture to say
find- in Mr. Davis a candidate worthy of
their support. Whatever of praise for
civic virtues applies to Mr. Phelan applies
with equal if not greater force to Mr.
Davis, and such being the case it is
scarcely to be supposed that those per
sons whose natural inclinations as well
as material interests favor Republican
doctrines will swerve from their alle
giance, IRVIN J. WIEL
SIDNEY M. EHRMAN.
San Francisco, Oct. 27, 1899.
Labor Council's Doing's.
The most important matter transacted
by the Labor Council last night was the
adoption of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That we indorse the move-
San Francisco that we will sifpport In
every way possible all efforts of af
filiated unions made for the purpose
of securing the general use of the
union label; that we indorse all union
labels, and particularly at this time
indorse their label on all printing done
in the city and county of San Fran
cisco; patronize only such merchants,
bur.ness firms and companies as have
their printing produced by union of
fices: and be it further
Resolved. That we indorse the move
! . • Why not give us the order now [
■■■■ for that overcoat which you have been
fggggjgggßßSM thinking about for so long? |
M Why not be prepared for the cold and rainy
H weather when it comes? "An ounce of prevention I
% is worth" — you know the old proverb. • h
H There is no excuse" for your waiting — we make
4 good overcoats to order for $10.
H Our $10 overcoats are as good as our $10 -suits; f
tm you know about the success. of the suits, don't you?
IH '. ■ Ask for samples— we give them freely. I
I S. N. WOOD CO., ' I
i . 718 Market Street and i
1 ' ' ' Cor. Powell and Eddy. ;
ment as above described and restricted
which has been inaugurated by the
Allied Printing Trades Council, and
request affiliated unions to extend to
said council all assistance within their
power.
It was announced that Eugene V. Debs
would deliver a lecture in Metropolitan
Temple on next Tuesday evening, at
which all union members were invited to
attend.
PHELAN WANTED TO RESIGN
FROM CHARTER ASSOCIATION
The Republicans of the Thirty-third As
sembly District held a meeting last night
at Masonic Hall, corner of Fourteenth
and Railroad avenues. South San Fran
cisco. William McHugh as chairman of
the meeting introduced Horace Davis as
the first speaker of the evening. Mr.
Davis spoke briefly and in part said:
For the first time in the history of San Fran
cisco we have had an hunest, fair primary elec
tion. The Republicans had a good convention, '
resulting In the making of the strongest and as
a whole the best ticket ever presented to the
voters of this city. In regard to myself. I say
with due modesty that what I now own I made
here and have invested It all in San Francisco,
not in land and stocks, but In a business that
has for many years given employment to fr m
75 to 100 men, whose wages were always forth
coming on Saturday nicht. I have yet failed
to find an ex-worker of mine who is not work- I
Ing for me now politically.
I feel proud to. say that while In Congress !
I worked hard and faithfully for and it was
through my efforts and those of my colleagues i
that the exclusion bill was passed. In my j
own affairs I have had to deal with some I
Important Issues, and therefore I don't lack j
experience. If elected Mayor I think that my |
connections with the State University. as j
trustee of the public library and the mechani- i
cal school in the Potrero, where 3M boys and j
girls are taught how to earn their livings,
ought to make me capable of appointing a !
good Board of Education. I proml«e you that i
I will give to the people as good an adminls- |
tratlon as I have given to my own business. .-
It Is the duty of every' citizen to work hard !
for the upholding of a party which has given j
San Francisco the greatest era of prosperity ;
since her birth and vote the Republican ticket |
from top to bottom.
A. P. Van Duzer, In speaking- for the |
ticket, said that in Mr. Davis the people j
had an ideal man for Mayor. He told his
listeners that James D. Phelan had be
trayed the people In the charter fight of
1896. As soon as Mr. Phelan received the
nomination for Mayor In October. 1896,
he came before the Charter Association
and stated that he was compelled to re
sign nis chairmanship of mat association
and to witniiraw from any further active
participation In the campaign for the
charter.
"I state as a fact." said the speaker,
"that he did then and there give as a
reason that his iriends haa advised him
that it was highly improper for him to
take any further part in favor of that
instrument and that he was as silent as
a salted codfish on that subject after
ward will not be denied, by Mr. 'Jlmmie'
Phelan. If Mr. Phelan had had the
courage of his own convictions and had
refused to obey the boss on that occasion
wo would have had a charter four years
ago."
Frank McGowan, the speaker of the
evening, said that the Republican party
Is to be congratulated in not being cursed
with bosslsm, while the Democratic
party has in Mr. Phelan a leader who
owns and controls his party life, body and
soul. He does as he pleases with it, holds
it in his hands and says. "I am your
boss." The principle of the Democratic
party has been "Government by the par
ty." Mr. Phelan cuts that out and says.
"Government by Phelan." The Democrat
ic party of this city is without a platfoim
and carried on with the gold of a politi
cal calf. They claim to be the only Si
mon Pure and say without the name of
Phelan there is no Democratic party.
They claim the credit for the new charter
and the Australian ballot law, but James
D. Phelan claims the whole party—with
out the platform.
CAMPAIGN INCIDENTS.
Last year Jeremiah Deasy registered
from his business address. 24 Sixth street.
This year he registered from his resi
dence, 564 Fulton street. His name was
stricken off the register at his own re
quest for failing to procure a transfer.
A Deasy Club was organized In the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District last
night. J. McDonald was elected presi
dent.
A John Lackmann Club was organized
last Thursday evening at the Alcazar
building. The roll was signed by IS4
voters.
An Alfred P. Black Club was organized
In the Forty-second Assembly District
last night. David Becker was elected
president. Sixty-three voters signed the
roll.
Supporters of William A. Deane organ
ized a club at 14 Third street last night.
Mr. Deane spoke in glowing terms re
garding his prospects for re-election to
the office of County Clerk.
The Best of Everything.
Ton can always ftet the best of everything In
season at Zlnkand's always accompanied" by
good music In the evening. •
Bubonic Plague in Argentine.
RIO DE JANEIRO. Oct. 27.— Twelve
cases of bubonic plague are now under
treatment In the hospital at Santos. One
of the patients is a physician. There
have been no deaths from the disease
since Saturday last.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
& CO.'S
OPENING
. . OF . .
New Fall and Winter
Underwear
I Shirts
Hosiery
Gloves
Neckwear, etc.
The largest and best stock we
have ever shown.
RELIABLE GOODS. LOW PRICES.
748=750 Market St.
1 242 Montgomery St.
REPUBLICAN
Brand Rally!
Metropolitan Temple.
TO-NIGHT,
OCTOBER 28th.
Senator Geo. G. Perkins,
Hon. Irving M, Scott,
Hon. F. X. Schoonmaker.
Hon. John F. Davis,
Hon. C. N. Felton
AND OTHER EMINENT SPEAKERS WILIi
ADDRESS THE MEETING.
WILLIAM J. BRADY WILL PRESIDE.
THE KNICKERBOCKER QUARTET WILI*
SING.
Seats reserved for ladles and escort!.
CITED CTJIZENS !
All citizens who have RE-
CEIVED POSTAL CARDS to
show cause why THEIR NAMES
SHOULD NOT BE CANCELED
i from the Register can call at the
REGISTRATION OFFICE be-
tween 9 A. M. and 10 P. M.
J. STEPPACHER,
Registrar of Voters.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
VI. A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C C O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER.
34
KID McCOY
PUTS STIFT
TO SLEEP
Wins in Thirteen Rounds,
But Is Given a Warm
Argument.
Special t>lapnt<ih to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 27.— The Initial boxing
entertainment of the "West End Athletic
Club was hold to-night at its now quar
ters In the Coliseum.- The bright partlc-.
ular star of the night was "Kid" McCoy,
who appeared with Billy Sttft of Chicago
ue an opponent. It was figured that Mc-
Coy's form in his match to-night would
largely formulate public opinion In ref
erence to his chances with Peter Maher.
and as a consequence 7000 sport lovers
wore in attendance. McCoy had the ad
vantage of Stift In height and reach, but
In weight the latter was favored by sev
eral pounds. For the first half-dozen
rounds Stift appeared "to be in great awe
of bis famous -opponent- and remained
on the defensive. As a matter of fact
McCoy was able to draw him out only a
few times during the thirteen rounds of
lighting. Stift showed that he was a
fighter, and eoveral times had the "Kid"
in a ticklish position.
In the opening rounds McCoy avoided
Stiffs swings by sidestepping and Jabbing
him continually. In his efforts to retal
iate Stift fought like a wild man. McCoy
fell down In the second round in an at
tempt to get away from Stift, who, in a
rush, swung a heavy left on the stomach.
After the third, round Stift began fight
ing with mare confidence, irequently
rushing McCoy to the ropes.
In the twelfth round Stift landed a
heavy right on McCoy's chin, sending
him to the floor, where he stayed several
seconds. Stift followed up his advantage
by rushing McCoy around the ring, but
came to grief a moment later, as McCoy
landed hard hits on Stiffs ear and chin,
and Stift went down, only to be saved by
the gong.
In the thirteenth round both fought
hard for a finishing blow. Stift fell down
from the force of a left swing which he
failed to land, but he was up in a second
and rushed McCoy to the ropes. Follow
ing a clinch McCoy jabbed his left to the
nose, and quick as a flash swung his
right heavily to the point of Billy's chin.
SUft fell like a log and was counted out.
After he was counted out McCoy helped
carry the fallen man to his corner. Suit
did not recover for some time.
Before the middeweights appeared Cas
par Leon of New York and Steve Flanna-'
ijan of Philadelphia came on for twenty
live rounds to settle their dispute as to
who" was entitled to the title of champion
bantamweight of America, The boys put
■up a very clever article of fighting. Flan
nagan played principally - tor the body,
while Loon went to the head. Flannagan
was constantly the aggTessor and in the
last half-dozen rounds had his opponent
in bad shape. Several times Leon was
on the verge of collapse, but his ring gen
eralship saved him. At the end of the
twenty-fifth round the referee awarded
the decision to Flannagan. The fight by
rounds follows:
Round I— Leon put his left to the head and
tbey clinched. Flannagnn swung a right to
the head. Leon chopped his left to the chin
a: .1 jabbed Flannagan in the face. Steve
swung left and right to the- head. Caspar
landed a hard right on the stomach as the bell
tapped.
Hound 2— Caspar landed bis right on the
stomach. Flannasan swung a left for the
h-ad. Steve Jabbed his right on the face. Leon
jabbed with the right.
Round Both led and clinched and In the
breakaway both fell, but were up quickly.
Leon swung a right-hander I on tha jaw and
got away without a return. Steve swung his
left to the face and Caspar a left to the head.
Steve Jabbed a right to the stomach and right
and left to th* Jaw. Sieve swung' his right
hard to the stomach and they clinched. '.. .
Round 4— Steve punched Caspar in the stomach
and Caspar' jabbed ' his right to the head.
Flannagan swung a left to the Jaw and a right
0 the neck. Steve uppercut Caspar and they
clinched. In the breakaway Flannsugan swung
his right on Leon's head. Caspar Jabbed a left
to the chin and Steve punched Caspar's
stomach.
Round s— Caspar swung his left to Steve's
head and they clinched. Caspar led a right
for Flannagan's head and a left for the ear.
Steve was forcing- the fighting.
Round 6— Caspar punched a left to the neck
and Steve jabbed his right to the face. Steve
was fighting hard for Leon's -stomach. . Gas
par's blows had no steam. Caspar landed on
the stomach hard and Jabbed his left to the
face and clinched. Leon jabbed a left :to the
face and Steve swUng a left hard on the neck.
Round 7 — Steve uppercut with his left to the
chin and stomach. He forced the fighting and
rushed Caspar air over the ring. Caspar
seemed weak. Steve punched him hard on the
jaw and landed a right on the stomach.
Round B— Steve swung a left to the ear arid
Leon fell on one knee, but was up quickly.
Flannagan Jabbed his left to the face and
they clinched. Flannagan swung a left to the
ear and a right to the neck. Leon Jabbed to
the chin and a right to the shoulder.
Round s*— Leon landed a straight right on
the stomach and forced eteve to the ropes,
where Steve clinched. Flannagan put a left
straight into Leon's face. Flannagan punched
Caspar on the head and they clinched. Leon
swung his right hard on Flannagan 1 s neck.
Round 10— Caspar Jabbed his -left to the face
and Steve returned a left on the forehead.
FlsinnaKati chopped a left to the head and Cas
par punched his right to the stomach. Steve
hooked a left to the ear. Leon uppercut with
his right to the face.
Round IX— Steve Jabbed Leon on, the nose.
Leon uppercut a right to the face. Leon put
his right hard to the stomach.
Round Steve hooked a left to the ear.
Leon swung his right for the neck. Steve
Jabbed a left to the chest and Leon swung a
vicious risrht, which Steve ducked.
Round 13— Steve swung his left to the head
and Leon countered with a left to the- Jaw,
flooring Steve, who was up in a Jiffy. Leon
swung desperately, putting a hard right to the
Jaw. Steve put a left into the face and Leon
put a right to the chin. Leon ducked into a
vicious uppercut. Steve put his left to the chin
and swung a right to the ear. Steve landed
twice with his left on the chin at the bell.
It was Flannagan's fight from this time,
though Leon continued to defend himself
gamely. Caspar was weak and groggy at
the end of the twenty-third and twenty
fourth rounds, but each time recovered
sufficiently to prevent a knockout.
In the twenty-fifth round Steve forced
Leon all over the ring 1 . Flannagan was
awarded the decision' on points.
A visit
to the modern brewery
would be an education and
a revelation to most
people.
The immense vaults
where the brew is kept in
ice-cold and filtered air for
months to "ripen;" the
wonderful process of lin-
ing each keg anew each
time it is used with pitch
applied at a heat of 400
degrees, as well as the
scrupulous cleanliness
throughout. But in
Wielands
Extra Pa|e
family table beer they don't
stop at that — each bottle
b sterilized after bottling.
Your grocer or telephone We«t 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
!7tecord# Wade en the Sporting 1(/orld.
SHORT ONES
IN THE RING
BOWLED OVER
Disastrous Day for Favorites
at Oakland — Ailenna First
at Long Odds.
Favorite players found it difficult to
keep on their sea legs so tempestuous was
it for the first choices at the track across
the bay yesterday. Corolla, Modwena,
Rachel C and Opponent, all pronounced
favorites at one stage of the betting, went
down with a crash. Many of the book
makers, who have been hard hit for sev
eral days past, evened up their losses
over the reverses suffered by the talent.
The track was lightning fast and fast
time was the rule. Songer and Jones di
vided the saddle honors.
■ To Master Jack Martin belonged the
honor of piloting the longest priced win
ner of the afternoon. The Ktle paper
weight rider straddled Ailenna, owned by
Carruthers and Shields, in the five-fur
long scramble for two-year-olds, and the
ring at one stage laid 25 to 1 against the
filly. She had speed to burn, and after
Martin had extricated himself from a
pocket a. furlong from home she overtook
and downed Druldess a neck on the wire.
Rachel C, the favorite, never looked dan
gerous.
Eddie Jones took the opening sprint for
maiden two-year-olds with Gundara, one
of the second choices, chiefly through
good riding. Passing the Boots entry,
lllilouette, opposite the paddock he suc
ceeded in reaching the wire first by a
head. Gold Finder, played from 15 to 3Vis,
ran a close third. Thorpe, astride Corolla,
was cut oft Just as the barrier was re
leased, never being a contender.
Another piping hot choice was beaten
in Modwena, 3 to 5 favorite for the sprint
.over the Futurity course, which followed.
Johnny Woods had the leg up and losing
much ground by a wide turn into the
stretch managed to be led over the line
by Jack McCabe, a 7 to 1 shot, superbly
riddon by Songer. Show-honors went to
The Offering, with Thorpe in the saddle.
Dr. Rowell had the chestnut gelding Dr.
Bernays tuned to concert pitch the first
time out of the box and he annexed the
mile selling run without effort from Sor
row. Eddie Jones, who rode the winner,
was pocketed until squared away for the
stand, where he found an opening and
galloped to the front. Ranch, on Castake,
made a poor guess of it, getting beaten
for the show by Charles Le Bel, an 80 to 1
shot, which led for some distance,
♦v, a tl i c seven-furlong event Rosinante.
t t. to c lO rav orite, was given quite a
j" ub b>' ?'>'■ Thorpe on the latter mare
headed Lothian below the paddock, and
for a time it looked as if the favorite
would not get up in time. She. however,
responded gamely, as usual, to Ward's
call and finishing like a Kansas cyclone
Z™f h v, a ', f a , len th in 1:2% Cromwell,
second choice in the betting, seemed pos
l«t w«?in no S . pe £ d l eventually finishing
last, bleeding slightly from the nostrils.
lrin^L * Brown horse Wyoming had all
kinds of curious figures in his head ves
«mS?" V^n Urin ? «Ie final mile run in a
of fl & - PP * n £ n *i opened favorite at odds
Mami« r 1 s£? had 3" c could. do. to beat
Mamie It for second place.
Track Notes,
The race for the Burlin K ame Club cup
the swagger society event of the season
nt Oakland, will be the foature of to-day's
card. The horses contesting will be rid
den by gentlemen riders, all prominent
members of the Burlingame Club. Lieu
tenant Haines of the army, who will pilot
0 Connor, participated in the Cuban cam
paign and was at the receiving end of a
-Mauser bullet iii the memorable charge
up San Juan Hill, whore he was ilanger
ouflly wounded. Mr. T ibta, Mr. Page Mr
Dunphy and Mr. Martin are* also finished
borsemen and society will give the cup
winner a splendid ovation.
Harry Kuhl, one of the officials of the
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, arrived from
1 liuago yesterday.
Sea Lion of the Schorr string had an
attack of lung fever soon after the stable
arrivea here, but is now on the mend
Another carload of horses from Chicago
reacwed Oakland yesterday. G w Scon
brought back San Mau-o and Garter E
TS . Fogg had Gotobed and Midian- O p'
Komigh Mocorifo and Defiance, and J W
O'Neil, Frank Bell and Gussie Fay in the
car. I- rank Bell, according to all reports
Is a very rapid mover and will earn more
than one set of brackets.
Lee Turner, an older brother of Xash
is a recent arrival from the East He
has been in good standing for some time
now and announces his intention of get
ting down to weight and having a try of
it in the saddle. He was formerly a very
polished artist.
Songer Is- riding in much better form
than when he first got here. Yesterday
he rode two winners in Jack McCabe and
Wyoming; was once second and twice
third.
Gold Finder, an Imp. Clieveden young
ster owned by Mat Storn, had his price
swiped from 15 to 3Vfe. If Johnny Woods
had takf-n advantage of an opening next
the rail, a furlong from the wire, he
would have won.
Dan Dennison concluded yesterday to
keep Morgan on the ground for a couple
of days, or until he got his hand in. Seems
as if the jockey could acquire the art
more quickly riding In races.
It would look as if Cromwell had be
come a confirmed "bleeder" and after
yesterday's race the officials In the stand
decided that in future the horse's entry
would not be received at Oakland.
To-Day's Entries.
First race-Three-year-olds and upward; sell
ing; seven-plghthß of a mile.
144 Melkarth 10S 210 Coda .. 103
...Guilder lift 197 Merry Boy .'.'.'.'.'.Wi
219 Libertine 106 21S Twinkle Twlnk 103
9» Jennie Reid 100, 137 Fred Gardner. ..106
Second race— Three-year-olds and upward;
free handicap; one mile.
225 New Moon 101 (199)Faversham .. 108
l:« 9 Lavator 103 218 Dare II '107
215 Ringmaster ....107 222 Reolla 96
206 Anchored 100
Third race— All ages; purse; Futurity course.
... Fellcite 95 ... Zoroaster .... 103
C2oo)May W 114 ... Skirmish '.1M
(177)I>ady He1015e...109 ... El E=tro 103
132 U'grus Bill 94! 202 1 Don't KnowiilOi)
Fourth race— Burl in^am© Club cup; one mile
177 Rosalbra 160: 211 Una Colorado... 16&
Mr. Martin. Mr. Tobln.
(215)0'Connor 135 197 Monrovia . 15"
Mr. Halnes. STr. DunDhy
213 Billy MeCloaky.lss v y '
Mr. Page.
Fifth rare— Three-year-olds and upward; sell-
Ing; one mile and a sixteenth.
(210) Snipe 99i 20f> Frank Jaubert 101
206 Anchored 50' 21S Morlnel .... "99
I!<7 Tenrlca 93 ; (206)Festoso . SS
216 Petal I 9rt 211 Rainier .....' '" 9u
(211) Forte 91)! " .
Sixth race— Three- year-olds and upward
handicap: one mile.
2'>9 Satsuma 112 j . . . Rosormonde . 116
219 Hohenzollern ..106; 213 Marplot 88.
Selections for To-Day.
Flnrt race — Jennie Reid, Guilder, Coda,
Second race— Fa,versham, Dare 11, Ringmas
ter.
Third race— May W, Bogus Bill, El Estro.
Fourth race— Una Colorado, Monrovia, O'Con
nor.
Fifth race— Forte, Morlnel, Sn|p«.
Sixth race — Hohcnzollern. Rosormonde, Mar-
FOUR, WINS FOR O'CONNOR.
Midget Divides Jockey Honors With
Jenkins at Aqueduct.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— O'Connor and
Jenkins divided the Jockey honors at
Aqueduct to-day, O'Connor winning four
and Jenkins two of the six races. The last
rare, a handicap at nve and a half fur
longs, was the best of the day. Belle of
Memphis was the favorite at 9 to 5 with
Theory a strong second choice. The six
horse Held broke to a good start and Lar
va made Ihe running to the Btretch with
four of the other five so close that there
was little to choose between them LaV™
dropped back at the last sixteenth post
and Lady Lindsay showed In front for a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Friday, October 27, 1890.— Thirtieth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track fast.
few Jumps, when O'Connor brought The
ory up with a rush and won by a neck.
Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Gaze .won, Tyrba
second, Russella Walden third. Time, 1:08.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Veracious won.
Rare Porfume second. Our Nellie third. Time,
1:49 4-r>.
Five furlongs, selling— Aibonlta won, Cu
pidity second. Jamaica third. Time. 1:03 1-5.
Mile and seventy yards, selling — Federal won,
Strangest Becond, Campania third. Time,
1:47 4-5.
Five nnd a half furlong?, selling — Miss Han
over won. Grandeur second. Carbuncle third.
Time. l:or>u..
Five and a hnlf furlongs — Theory won, I^axlj
Lindsay second. Belle of Memphis third. Time,
1:08 4-6.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 27.— The feature of
the racing at Latonia to-day was the phe
nomenal race run by Kris Kringle, a
cheap selling-plater. Kris Kringle won the
closing event at a mile and three-eighths
in the fast time of 2:W%. He led his field
by ten lengths from start to finish and
won under restraint. The time was with
in one second of the world's record, held
by Sablne. Weather pleasant; track fast.
Results:
Six and a half furlnnss, selling— Ben Frost
won, Nancy Till s»rond, Zanetto third. Time.
1:22.
Five and a half furlongs — Etta won, Maple
second, Oconee third. Time, 1:08.
J^'^'-^'WLI. -^^^S^^^^f ;^^^3^L (We retail onI >' t0 residents of San Francisco and suburbs.) "^^hp i ■ b[:
J» f yJ^ TO-DAY and MONDAY. £
&Mf@«l l^^M $^ RETAIL $A RETAIL $ A W
M^^^fcj-^^^^^^SHF Z-Ld VALUE &7.50' 4H 4 VALUE &7.50 ** * I
W'''^''*WB^ s *lrf m -- -H imWT VALUE 97.50 VALUE *7.50 "■JI
WBWSj^E^M. /jBBwBa I Smf By selling you "from loom to wearer direct" we save you the retail profits at al tflsw
MRB^^a»y/pBEßmßft i WjwS§ls& times; but these ulsters we are offering at even less than the wholesale price. ew^
'■^■'^^^i?i^p?aKE3?Sfc-i^B^^? TXninlpsqlp »V ffl / *^ fifiL 888 1 tß^| 8881 l T flfllf
i{^a?ii s.*&xt ■fT?fc»^tyj'iCT'jFviiCMilxiir VVIJUICodIc Sffa^ < .^HiRtSv IBi#hS ■" * :^^^ liJUa
'p^sATURDAY.Ni^TsTiLLjo/ .T™: 121 r123 OflnSOme sr. nr.Pine S1 *
One mile, selling— Deyo won. La Grange sec
ond. Ferroll third. Time, 1:41.
Mile and an eighth, selling — Billy House won,
Frank McConnell second, Etidorpha third.
Time. 1:.""H-
Mile and three-eighthi. Belling— Kris Kringle
won. Monk Wayman second Rifle third. Time,
3:19%.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.-The races at Har
lom to-day were pulled off in a heavy rain
and the track was like a duck pond. In
spite of that Brownie Anderson covered
five and a half furlongs in 1:11 and beat
Florlnel II only a nose in the last Jump.
Results:
Four and a half furlongs — Olekma won, Far
rle second, Antoinette third. Time, :58.
One mile— Facade won. Mr. Johnson second,
Ramla. third. Time, 1:49%.
Five and a half furlongs — Brownie Anderson
won, Florlnel II tecond, Man of Honor third.
Time, 1:11.
One mile — Maud Wallace won. Tommy
O'Brien second, Macie Maree third. Time,
1:49.
Six and a half furlongs — Innuendo won, Su
preme second. Warren Point third. Time, 1:28.
Six and a half furlongs — Canaee won. Horse
shoe Tobacco second, Andps third. Time, 1:26.
Most Dark Beers
taste of burnt sugar or some other unpleasant
substitute. The new brew, Anheuser-Busch
DARK, Is different. It Is mellow, palatable
and nutritious, made after the old German
style.
JEFFRIES
NEVER IN
FINER TRIM
Champion's Condition Is De
clared to Be Better Than
Ever Before.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASBURY PARK, Oct. 27.— Jeffries has
had more trouble. This time It Is not an
Injured arm, but a stiff neck which kept
him comparatively Idle yesterday.
"Jeff" does not know how he got It, but
thinks that perhaps It was the result of
one of his rough wrestling bouts with
Ernest Robere, The big fighter's neck
was all right this morning, and he felt
much relieved as he began work as usual
with his run on the road.
The strangest thing about Jeffries Is
that for a big man he Is never tired or
winded after these road gallops— and most
•of them are fast trips. He Is now In great
shape and says he Is better than when he
fought Fltzslmmons.
Everybody, Including trainers and all
who have seen the big Los Angeles boiler
maker train, are brimful of confidence
that he will beat Sharkey next Friday
night. Jeff does not believe In throwing
bouquets at himself. He never has been
heard to remark that he will surely beat
Sharkey, but, judging by his good-natured
way of evading direct questions on the
subject, it Is evident he lacks no confi
dence In his ability to do so. He says he
Is ready to begin the fight at any moment.
The champion had a lot of company
from New York to-day. The visitors were
headed by John L. Sullivan, and included
about fifty sporting men and politicians.
The former champion and his friends
were -interested observers of the big. Call
fornian while he was training, and when
he had finished they said they felt satis
fled that Sharkey would be a toy In
Jeffries' hands next- Friday night. Sul
livan particularly was impressed with the
new champion and surveyed him carefully
[ from head to foot, asking lats of ques
tions.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.~Gus Ruhlin, who
has fought both Jeffries and Sharkey,
said to The Call correspondent:
"It is over two and a half years since I
fought Jeffries in San Francisco. Jeffries
showed himself to be a remarkably clever
man, shifty on his feet, and, while he was
not gifted with the best ring generalship,
he nevertheless made up for this lack of
tactics by his punching powers. Jeffries
struck me as Deing a terriblo puncher,
and some of the smashes he gave me with
both hands made me see all kinds of
things.
"As to Sharkey I can't say much; but I
do know that he Is another great fighter
and also a terrific puncher. He clearly
convinced me that he was when he beat
me at Coney Island over a year ago with
a smash on the jaw. The sailor will be
at a disadvantage in this fight, however,
owing to Jaffries' height, weight and
reach; but in spite of this Sharkey has
as good a chance to win as Jeffries."
For the first time in more than a week
Sharkey was unable to take a sea bath
to-day. The mist was so heavy that the
sun's rays were lost and Tom feared the
cold water would do him more harm than
good. Others around the camp have found
a bit too much chilliness prevailing in
the bay for at least three weeks, but the
brawny Irishman thinks plowing in the
icy waves the greatest sort of sport.
Another change was made in his out
door work to-day. Instead of running
five miles as Manager O'Rourke ordered
he strolled leisurely over to the Newdorp
station, from Southfleld a mile and a half,
and then went back on the run. Sharkey
came up to expectations. Trainer Tim
McGrath drove alongside and coached
him. The big fellow cantered along in
his own gawky way and In the last quar
ter of a mile let himself out. At the fin
ish Tom *as breathing a little more than
usual, but was far from being worked
out.
The regrular gymnasium work was done
in the afternoon, but not so much of it as
on Thursday. Sharkey was only in the
building £n hour and a half all told.
CONNOLLY FIGHTS FAST.
Has the Better of Matty Matthews in
Their Encounter.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— At the Broadway-
Athletic Club to-night the star attraction
was a 25-round bout at 13S pounds between
Eddy Connolly of St. John, N. 8., and
Matty Matthews of Brooklyn. They went
the twenty-five rounds and Referee
Johnny White declared the bout a draw.
It was a hard fight all the way through
and each man was disfigured early In the
game. At close quarters Connolly sur
prised Matthews with stinging rights on
the ribs and over the kidneys.
In the seventh round Matthews' left eye
was cut and bled profusely. In the twelfth
Matty caught Connolly flush on the nose
with his left and set it bleeding.
The fifteenth round was the most sensa
tional one of the fight. The men rushed
to a clinch, both pounding hard on the
body with both hands until ordered to let
go by the referee. As Matthews stepped
back Connolly caught him with a left
swing on the head which sent him to the
floor, where he remained about five sec
onds. A few moments later Connolly
landed a similar blow In a breakaway and
Matty took eight seconds. Matthews got
to close quarters when he got up and
some bruising work over the kidneys was
performed by both men. Connolly did the
largest share of the fighting hero, and
with a smashing left reopened the cut
over Matthews' left eye. Matthews was
weak and clinched frequently until the
bell rang.
In the twenty-first round Connollv
rushed Matthews to the ropes twice and
Matty clinched each time. Connolly sent
his right hard over the kidney's and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
Wo. 2. M. I. S- T- Mo-- 2
I have given personal inspection to the working of M.I. S. T. on the human system, and
must say that it entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical College. ,
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how long standing. Any case of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients have been for years forced to use
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of I m potency that can be cured, and permanently restore youthful vigor and
vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting. Will cure any case 01
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germs.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cured many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxta, Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves-
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
erers. It is prescribed by leading- physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
HHHI^HBBH absolutely safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
■_ HLJf BL. H_ heart. If you are suffering from any chronic disease you are urged to
EH* IPB, iff" |sr* write 10 us, bo matter how many doctors or kinds of medicines you
M H I|h|Bb have tried without relief. WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
um " m That you may judge of the value of the Great Specific for yourself,
we will send you one large case by mail FREE, only asking that
when cured yourself you will recommend it to others. Write confidentially to our medical
department, giving symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M. I. S. T. Co,, Toledo, 0.
hooked it twice more to the short ribs.
They then exchanged hard left jabs on
the Jaw and the round ended in a clinch.
At the close of the twenty-fifth round
Connolly had such a decided lead, that it
seemed as if he must get the decision,
but the referee decided it a draw.
CHOYNSKI THE WINNER.
Experiences No Difficulty in Putting
Out Steve O'Donnell.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— Joe Choynski de
feated Steve O'Donnell to-night In the
fifth round of what was to have been a
six-round bout. There was nothing In It
but Choynski from the start, O'Donnell
making a very poor showing.
In the first round the Californlan landed
a straight right on the mouth that
dropped O'Donnell cleanly. The bell rang
when he had been down three seconds,
but he went to his corner very groggy.
At almost any time after that Choynski
could have won, but he went at It easily.
In the fifth he put O'Donnell down twice
and the latter was so clearly out of it
that Choynski said to him, "Stay down
stay down."
O'Donnell was unable to rise, anyhow,
and took the advice and allowed himself
to be counted out without attempting to
rise. One more punch would have finished
him if he had regained his feet. O'Don
nell was badly beaten, both eyes being
closed and his lips cut.
GETTING READY FOR SEA.
Sailors Hard at Work on, the Chal
lenger Shamrock.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— With her stub
bowsprit in place, both her masts stepped,
topmast on end and gaff and booms slung,
the yacht Shamrock is rapidly assuming
a sea-going appearance.
Sailormen were at work setting up the
rigging to-day, while carpenters fitted
the hold for the accommodation of officers
and men. Water tanks have been put in
and iron braces bolted to the fore and alt
deck and keels on stringers. Additional
wooden knees have been fitted between
the frames forward, where the yacht is
liable to "pound" in a head wind.
Captain Hogarth says that he will take
her stores en board ship at Erin Basin in
stead of going to Tompklnsville, and that
she will turn direct to sea from the basin.
Her sails will be bent to-morrow.
"FITZ" TALKS FIGHT.
Eager to Meet the Winner of the Jef
fries-Sharkey Mill.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— 80b Fltzsimmons
reached Chicago to-day for his fight with
Jeff Thome at Tattersall's to-morrow
night. .
"I am the logical opponent of the win
ner of the Jeffries-Sharkey match," said
he. "Jeffries, I think, will be the win
ner. What is more, I hope he will. Th;.t
will give me another chance to right my
self before the public. Before many
months I intend to be not only the mid
dle-weight champion, which I am now,
but the champion of the world as well."
For More Sports See Page 8.
DEBILITY!
WEAKNESS !
Mental and Physical
Exhaustion
• ' * * . ;\ .V Cured by' HUD-'
.--•.- ~- ■ VAN. The . num-
bers show the
'/Cf^^Tw ' points of weak-
-o**^9*m V ' ness that are duo
looavjcw • .-^*?»ViA/£y*vv« t0 " a Setting-down
Bs of the nerves:
SBs?Wv®fl /"** VK»sBB§SqB< Headachee or diz-
I S^V^k^"-©^^^^^ ziness. fig. 7; hol-
W#4y%P^¥^%&& pale ' sunken
W&&']s\!- Tn£#§3 cheeks, fig. 5;
*§S^t~-¥bkl''A \&$Q coated tongue, fig.
««f fiAMTW X$X& *'• palpitation of
i»v 1 Y~W-'~/ X%B& ordered digestion,
•i& \-rZ7 vSSS fl *- 2; tor Pld liver,
'5& V>^r*T? W&> fl *- *• and const '-
i <JS 'jr YOQ' pat ' on - Clouded
Vi ' > r&y niemory, lack of
•y -« K»s energry, despond-
Vi " "* jvyj ency, irritability,
I V • 2 *?0e 'weakness, back-
i X 1 V*jc£. acne . horrid
V ' rirJo&t dreams, nausea —
"5f 7* fZo*V<;-all these denote
s y\ f/.'/y.' nervous trouble
V Mv HUDYAN cures
\ I. I one and all ; the
\ ■ jgjj) above symptoms,
■ because It builds
1 up . the nervous
I system. HUDYAN
I speedily makes Its
I influence felt in
I nerve quietude,
.—^ Improved appetite,
g!3 9g£ ■ pain in weight
SJHJ ft*3 aLnii strength, cor-
Es§2 ESS rected bowels,
353 jag healthful sleep.
" it! ■ iH HUDYAN makes
fii?i Hr? one look young
Jfg£t t&asi and feel young,
JBjjjiJ 8& for It provides
vL~ nerve force and
HSf vitality.
Tell your drug-
gist that yon want
HUDYAN. and
nothing else! 800 a package, six packages for
$2.50. If your druggist does not keep it, send
direct to Hudyan Remedy Co.. cor, Stockton,
Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal. '
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR
WRITE.
NOTICE!
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT
'-;.-- STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11, ~ 1899 '
In accordance with the provisions of Sectioa
E66S of the Political Code, notice la hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1389
to-wlt: ' ■ ■. "
California Pacific ' Railroad Company Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company. Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern' Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Paclflo Railroad Company
Southern California Motor Road Company
Ban Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company Saa
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway
Company. Nevada County Narrow-Qaujce Rail-
road Company. Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-Califomla-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company. Paclflo Coast Railway Company.
Alameda and San Joaquln Railroad Company,
Gualiila River Railroad Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra Valley Railway
Company. San Francisco and San Mateo Elec-
tric Railway Company. Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will •be delinquent on the last
Monday in November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
■nd unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday; in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday in January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at th«
Capitol, prior thereto. 6. per cent will be added
, to the amount thereof. -
S. P. COiiQAN, State Controller-NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Keeping Everlastingly At It,
Will your system stand it? Has the
twenty, forty or sixty years told ? Those
weaknesses which frighten you, but which
you will not confess to others, do they tell
you that your vitality is becoming low?
Awake' to the fact that the human
system, though a perfect machine, will
wear out. Assist it by the use of that
gentle stimulant
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY.
It brings into action all the vital forces.
It makes digestion perfect It enables
you to get from the food you eat the
nourishment it contains. Can you not see
why it so surely builds up the system and
wards off disease?
W.iger, Ala., September a6th.
Duffy Malt Whiskey C^.:
Gentlemen: I am an invalid and have for the
past seven years kept up my strength with your
excellent Whiskey. Respectfuuv,
G. O. Cari.owttz.
Coreninvnt itsrop ratrfc* ttie % enuire. Drufglsti usual.,*
irll it. If votirt docs nor. » bottle will .<• «-, you. prepaid
fjrji: sUforJs. Write tor interesting book. :A™:
Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, N. Y.
I
I WSLL BBVE $1000
If I fiiil to cure any :
JlWi4?Ss?=^V \CANCERor»,»wri
fflMr >Ks&B^*-'"*'LSy* 1 -«^ 'rent tieJoreit scat- ;
HgST -5%^0— >* '■aTN^v :r:-< or affects the
yST ~ ribs or other
fi^^tjf^ii ♦s^i'-V^is .O XaJIXXC
"/ "^ *■!$] No Pay
/™\ - V '**)! Until Cured.
4*££s*Z£&b, ft*"' a< years' expert-
\ »^^Sr^*Q / cttce. ioco cancers
V v_"£3 /• now in my offices in
\ /**/ alcohol, I,ady ctteud-
.^v. ***■&?"? JL &til. Any hard :
■v -'L. x^^ih^ lutnponywhera ■
Blo^Bpi^a^«^ An y lump In a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit, j
wheu cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured la California. ii'r ::e them.
S.R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER. ;
• ' ___ *1
PILLS
Cure Pain in the J
i Stomach and Distress |
After Eating. |
■ 10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists j i
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.!
friEv
DR. METERS A CO. have tae lar*e«t prac- j i
tice and b*»t equipped medical Institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established IT rearm. ■
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at offic* i
cr by nr.all. All letters confldential. I
731 Market St., San Francisco.
d vis---" DR JORDAN'S great A
fMUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
¥ G& lSslKA2KSST.lrt.6±i7th.S.r.Cd.i
\ Sf^ The LAijest Anatomical Museum in tb« \ !
W M H'Kjllm. World \Vealme'*es or any contracted m
Z± S^«W disease pe^lUwrlyeni^dhytheoldest T
9 fiSt Pal Speaa.t*(rßibeCoui. list. jSysarv Q
# {SRI DR. JOSDAH-PfiiVATE DISEASES $
X |Qmso CoM-jltatwo frpn ir.d strictlT prWur \
\" W^\ »! p ° c " vl Cif'in every case undertaken. T
Ol' I 14p Wntefer rniietuFßVrfi
T 1 « j1 " B&Hai4GK, mailed prss. i.if
A w It T »'"*t'!e book for mruj \
7 OK. JOBDAXAC*.. nUMsrk«tt« S. F. V
nj^^^ ELECTRIC BELTS.
/^£*^2f?> r£s£g|£ i; r -' ccs T from manu-
C?>>K-I^— 1 . _l_-i-ia '.usurers In the Unl-
Lt)3tr?! l S*!fe<sEFF£<irf Qf ' •* ' States. No Quacks
>*!#£B!S23jHlfyji*^ connected with this
■<: '•'• sJ*?^^*?\ establishment.
id\:, £-"*" or particular?
isKJZ^ call or eer.ii 2c In
'It* stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
IT\.W ir^ /"* Painless treatment. Per- I
il HU 1 fiJ L. naanent cure. Entire time >-
Ir I I l"^ voted to rectal diseases. Ref-
S B wjujlj erences those cured. No sur-
■"" »»«»««^ ..., ry A j_ ATKINS. M.l>..
SCS Sutter st.. Son Franclsci; j
hours, 1 to 3 p. m. j
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SI)O SOT DESPAIR ! UonotSuf-
ter Linger! The Joyti and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. Tlie very !
worst cases of »rr«oi I>eblllty Bra
ab.'olutelr cured by PKRKEriO
'VA lU- £T*». Giro prompt relief to in-
somnia ! it illnc memory »nd the waste
and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early yearn.
Impart viuor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up tbe system. Give f*>T*Z, bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-#"|\younir or old.
One We .•■■x renews vital energy. pPJL*j6 boxes at
• .'.in a complete guam nt>->-d cure \£jPF *>r mon»j re-
funded. Can be carried In vest >•«■»' pocket. Sold
•very where, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by HIS riBFECTO CO., toiton Bide, (h)f.»o. 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. K. F. and Oaicland.
£$3\ Chlc^eoter's EnglUh Dlaacad Brand.
fEHNYROYAL PtLLS
ENNYROYAL PSLLS
V .^T^v OriclnolandOaiy Gc-nniDC A. ■
Stffr£\ •»''£. a.'wa« rrii^blo. ooicb oil A)\
J^^/I_J^«H Ontpn tor' C\Uk*lt*r't li-nglith Dia-Xf^.
tf*i>?>^ i±^*-i h-m 1 io Ked tad Gold ai*ui:UiV\S9
J\ — 22boi«a, fulei with bins rlbb«o. Take VST
I^l W^ *X/"° otter. X:**.*' d:7ij»rov; ruhait* v
I / *" fjf H'-ntaid iffiitacii n*. AC Dra;gl£t», orKnd'C*.
I *" *■& la ■'"-■;* for p u-t!cti»n, toatlnecl^lj mi
IV fi? ' ■K.-'ll.if Tot lA&\c-R,"inUH.-r. b» rctun
■^. _It Mr 11. J O,OOO T»«ttjr<or;:.i ifcmr Paper
aßtafcyaiiLoctiunviut*. PuH.H.'i2L tr*
>V£? f I^S!J^sVtW Big w in a non-poisorjom
<]«S^7w?2at« r- e > mo<ly for Oonorrli***.
. >©ars^ c " >3i ',■•'■ "' • 1 Spormatorrhcea,
CEaff to l tosa»y».Vg whitoa, anoatural ll*.
JHf Ocirant«4 1Q charges, or any Infla-rsma-
KVjV do» io astteurt. t,,,n irritation or ulcera-
B^-«Pr«Te3t» »Bi»eion. tlca of mucous siem-
K»JrHSEvA>(S CHEWiriil Cranes. N«ra-watrin(r*nt
\kg^\ClNC:x?(AT!,Q.{pi^ *" ld *** UrrTtGTtizt*.
W&. U. T. a. I/J'a ? r Bp at 'a plain trrapper
•»^t«as3g l i*ni l^ U ClrotuAT scot w» taSedi
THB CALiyOBMA COLLKI OF DEKTAL
BOM
•WILL OPEN for the adnilßslon of students'
MONDAY. Octobt- 22.
For further particulars address
S. W. DENNIS. M . i) , D.D.a. Dean.
416 Parrott bulldine.
or
GILBERT M. I?AIIRKTT, A.M.. M.D., Sec-
retary. 1121 Butter St. ' '
k *gATENTSf 3.
Weak Men and Women ■
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. IHt '
great Mexican remedy; give* health and
■ircOKth to sexual organ*. Depot. 221 Market.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
VANDERBILT'S
WILL IS FILED
No Reference to Trouble
With Cornelius.
Bpoclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— The will of the
I late Cornelius Vanderbilt was filed for
, probate in the Surrogate's office this af
ternoon. The provisions of the will are
i substantially the same as mentioned in
the synopsis given out Thursday by C.
M. Depew. The clause relating to Cor-
I nelius Vanderbilt Jr. contains no direct
reference to the alleged troubles said to
have occurred between the young man
and his father. The facts as given out
previously by Senator Depew relating to
this olause of the will are substantiated
lln the will. Nothing is mentioned con
j cerning his name further than is neces
} sary to make the bequest of the one and
I one-half millions.
In the thirteenth clause of the will a
! bequest Is made to the mother of the de
ceased, which reads:
"To my mother, as a mark of affection,
i I beQueath one hundred thousand dol
, lars; also one hundred thousand dollars
1 to my brother, William K. Vanderbilt."
In the twelfth clause, wherein the trus-
I tees of the several funds are directed to
' invest the proceeds arising from certain
i securities, the will designates what se
. curities ana to be so managed. They con
! sist of United States and State of New
York bonds, mortgage bonds of the New
York Central and Hudson River Railroad,
the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern
Railroad, the New York and Harlem i
Railroad Company and the Chicago and
I North western Railway Company. The will
gives the added Information that the ex
ecutors are directed to pay annually to [
: the Society of St. John the sum of $2000
I so long as the officials of that society
I keep an agreement made in 1892 with the
, deceased and Mrs. Vanderbilt. When the
i agreement shall be broken the annuity
, ceases. % There were no further differ
; ences to be seen between the will and the
! synopsis given out on Thursday evening. j
The Tribune to-morrow will say:
The provisions of the will of Cornelius Van
derbilt, which were made public yesterday, ex
cited Intense Interest. From certain remarks
It appears that this settlement alone, effected
after long discussion, prevented a contest that
might have resulted in one of the greatest and
costly will litigations ever 'Known. Cornelius
Vamierbllt Jr.. when he learned the provisions
of his father's will, placed his Interests in the
hands of his counsel, Carter & Ledyard. They
conducted negotiations with Henry B. Ander
; Bon, the attorney of Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt.
, While none of those interested would say what
was done, enough has been admitted to indicate
i that had Alfred not made the concession
! mentioned litigation would have followed.
Cornelius Vanderbilt was at the Grand Central ;
station yesterday. Alfred was at Newport.
When Cornelius was seen he dismissed the sub
ject by saying: "Whatever arrangements may
! have been made were through my attorneys.
Carter & Iyvlyard. I have no comment to make
i upon the settlement. It was a family arrange-
I ment and not a rift."
The World to-morrow will publish the
1 following: Cornelius Vanderbilt. at his
! homo, 60S Fifth venue, at 10:45 o'clock
last (Friday) night made this important
: statement to a World reporter:
"The agreement by which I receive $6.
--000,000 of my brother's portion of the
i estate has been made to appear as a mere
| gift. It Is no gift, but the result of a
compact entered Into before my father's ,
j death. By this compact I was to receive |
!no less than $10,000,000. The truth of the j
i matter Is that an agreement of an adjust
ment was made from the beginning. Yes,
I may say from the beginning to the. end.
There was an understanding between us
that my share should be no less than
$10,000,000."
"When was the agreement made?"
"I can only say that it was some time
1 prior to my father's death. The matter
; since then has been in the hands of my
lawyers. Carter & Ledyard. They have
absolute charge of my interests."
Mr. Vanderbilt was asked If there would
| be an amicable settlement of the estate
on the basis indicated by the transfer of
f5.000.000 to him from Alfred's portion. To
this he replied:
"You must excuse me. I will not dis
cuss th« matter further. I Just wish to be
set right before the public. All my inter
ets are In my lawyer's hands."
DELLA FOX IS
HOPELESSLY ILL
Was Recovering From, Peritonitis
When She Disobeyed Eer Phy
sician's Orders.
NE"vV YORK, Oct. 27.— Delia Fox, the
famous burlesque and comic opera
actress. Is hopelessly ill with peritonitis
at her residence. She submitted to an
operation for appendicitis about a week
ago and was in a fair way to recover,
when she disobeyed the physician's or
ders by getting out of bed. She caught
cold and Inflammation set In. To-day, be
lieving her illness would result fatally,
she sent for a lawyer to a. range her busi
ness affairs.
COLORED MURDERER
LYNCHED BY A MOB
Victim Had Provoked a Quarrel With
and Cut the Throat of His
Employer.
MACON, Ga., Oct. 27.— John Gooseby, a
negro, was lynched at Reagans Mill,
about six miles from here, late last night,
by a mob from Twifrgs County. Gooseby, j
a few days ago, provoked a difficulty j
with hts employer. John Robinson, which
resulted in the negTO cutting Robinson's
Roblnson'd neighbors pursued
■ !>y and his wag captured at his,
father's house near here. Robinson prob
ably will recover.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEART-SICK.
There are a great many people who
have heart, sickness, who have no
chronic derangement of the heart.
When the stomach is diseased it may
affect many other organs, and produce
all the evidences of diseased heart, dis-
eased liver or kidneys, or disease in
some other organ.
The inexperienced I ; , "■ :;if. ibpr,?rz?-~
practitioner treats j' "i-\ ■', '^Svwßs&Jl
the wrong disease. |"S)/^R*[<3i '
and hence the con- MUm *s^^^l^
stant statement of LJ 1 *!!/!-/
Dr. Pierces corros- I V^*\ijLV' J^^^i
pondents: "Doc- , ip^pf 0
tors could not help ii£^.%»" 1 ' >L%£d>
me." FaVJ^S r&t
Doctor Pierces Mt^l/ * *^ y *iJ
Golden Medical k igfe§krVio i|uiS
Discovery cures B !^ BBi"?# v ljsa
diseases of the W^^ji^v V i2|
stomach and or- Mmlvc '/ AW
gans of digestion vjSmttf^ / |fy
and nutrition. It ' / ( pi
increases the as- i^^T-"*' /*•« Ej
similative powers, Wm V^l, \ ' I
and purifies and aW^ * lA v
enriches the blood. fl^ E
When diseases of B |
organs remote i* c
from the stomach K| £ |
are caused by the ■if y-t |
stomach, the cure W I
of the stomach re- wtt I
suits in the cure ■ 1
of the other dis- B I
eases, in heart, t^^L
lungs, liver, kid- , _t*A
neys, etc.
"Six years ago my stomach and heart troubled
me 60 much I had to do something, as the
doctors could not V?lp me," writes Mrs. S. A.
Knapp, of San Jose, California, Box 392. "I
went to San Francisco and had treatment for
catarrh of the stomach, : and waa . better , for
some time, then it came back. I then. used
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and
•Pleasant Pellets.' These medicines cured my.
stomach. Ido not have the pain and indiges-
tion as I did. It is very hard for me to tell you
what I suffered before I commenced taking \
, your valuable medicine. I recommend it to all
he sufferers whom I meet."
To cure constipation use Dr. Pierce 'a
Pleasant Pellets.
THE SA.N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28. 1899.
AGNEWS NEW CHIEF
MAY BE TURNED DOWN
Crane's Opposition to Appointment by Po
litical Pull Makes Him Unpopular
Among the Trustees.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 27.— The Agnews Insane
Asylum has been rescued from the frylng
pan of scandal only to be cast into the flre
of politics. The new medical superinten
dent, Dr. J. C. Crane, it is stated, is to be
punished for his disapproval of "pull"
methods in the management of the insti
tution and for expressing himself bo freely
concerning the political policy of Governor \
Gage. If he does not lose his position he
will bo confronted with a Board of Trus- j
tees that will not uphold him in his ad- i
ministration and will make things bo un- I
comfortable for him that his retirement to I
private life will be preferable to continu
ing In office.
The last meeting of the) board, the sen- j
sational features of which were published '
exclusively in yesterday's Call, upset all ;
the plans of the reformers, while those !
who have been fattening by means of |
their political "pull" suffered from paraly
■U. Dr. J. R. Curnow • almost lost his
senses when he read in Dr. Crane's report
a brief but pointed reference to a "pull."
Trustee Adolph Greenlnger was also much
shocked in the region of his political solar
plexls. These members of the board, with
Trustee O. A. Hale, compose the commit
tee on management, and It has been cus
tomary for the statements of the medical
examiner to be embodied in the commit
tee's report. Without letting Mr. Hale
into the secret, Curnow and Greeninger
sidetracked Dr. Crane's report and made
a futile effort to bury it out of sight. Its
absence at the meeting was noted, and
when it was read, in compliance with a
demand for its contents, the storm broke
forth.
All the applications for positions in the
asylum had previously been referred to
this committee and the opportunity for
the members to exercise a "pull" in re
warding their political parasites was cor
respondingly great. Trustee Isaac Upham
grasped the situation, and to improve the
atmosphere, moved that In future these
applications be referred to the medical
superintendent. Curnow and Greeninger
were horror-stricken with the idea that a
man who had boldly disapproved of "pull"
methods in making appointments should
have any voice whatever in the selection
of employes. They raised such a howl
about It that a compromise measure was
offered, but those who were partial to
"pull" politics would not stand for any
thing but the good old way of doing
things.
The misery of Curnow was complete
when Dr. Crane announced that he had
made up his mind to discharge one of the
attendants, who was then enjoying a va
cation, as soon as he returned. He stated
that the man was not only several bad
DIES PROTESTING
HIS INNOCENCE
Rev. G. E. Morrison Exe-
cuted for Murder.
Special Dispatch to The C&JI.
DALLAS. Tex.. Oct. 27.— Rev. G. E. Mor
rison was hanged at 12 o'clock noon to
day at \>rnon, Tex., for wife murder. Ha
met death resignedly. On the scaffold
he said to the select party of twenty wit
nesses permitted at the execution:
"I am innocent. Circumstances over
j which I have no control have placed me in
this position. I have taken my trouble in
private to my God. I admit that I have
acted indiscreetly. I have done no worse,
j however, than hundreds of men who
stand high in the religious, social, busi
ness and official circles of your State. I
have done nothing to confess. I am in
the hands of my Maker. He knows I am
innocent."
Morrison's neck was broken by the fall
and his death appeared to bo painless.
VERXOX, Tex., Oct. 27.— The crime for
| which Rev. G. R. Morrison paid the death
penalty was the poisoning of his wife in
October, 1897. The facts show that for
deliberate fiendishness they are almost
without a parallel In the annals of crim
inal jurisprudence. The crime was com
mitted in order to rid himself of a pretty,
amiable, loving wife. In order to marry
a woman possessed of large means, $100,000
of which was in cash.
Morrison married his deceased wife
about seventeen years ago. At one time
they lived in California, then In Oklahoma
Territory, from which place they moved
to Panhandle, Tex., where the crime waa
committed. He was born and raised In
Illinois, and went to school at Carbondale.
There he became acquainted with Miss
Anna Whittelsey, who subsequently
moved with her parents to Topeka, Kans. ;
In August, previous to the poisoning of
his wife In October, 1897, Morrison met
Miss Whlttelsey, his schoolday sweet
heart, ascertained her financial condition
and made an offer of marriage. He pre
tended that his wife had been dead eleven
years, that he had quit preaching, had
been successfully engaged In the cattle
business for eight years and owned a
ranch near Higgins, Tex. On his return
to Texas he began a correspondence with
Miss Whittelsey, urging his proposition
of marriage, stating that he had for a j
number of years Intended to come to her
when he could do so honorably, and he
believed he could now see the time. This
statement was made one month before
the death of his wife.
He procured strychnine for the osten
sible purpose of poisoning "varmints,"
which he said were catching his chick
ens. On the day previous he had procured
a box of quinine with empty capsule*. On
the Friday night before her death Mrs.
Morrison went to hear the Swiss bellring
ers, leaving Morrison at home. He said
he had to prepare his Sunday sermon.
The next morning he took the strychnine
back to the druggist, telling him he was
afraid to use it for fear he. would poison
his neighbors' chickens. The package had
been opened. >
On Sunday night he preached and allud
ed In a pathetic manner to the parting
with loved ones at death. About 10 o'clock
that night he called upon his neighbors
for assistance, announcing the serious ill
ness of his wife. She was found in
spasms. He delayed sending for a doctor,
who arrived after his wife's death.
In the meantime he kept up his corre
spondence with Miss Whlttelsey. writing
her a letter two days before the death of
his wife and one the day after her burial.
In the latter letter he announced the
death of his brother's wife and notified
her of his early visit to Topeka. .
On his return from Topeka he was ar
rested, held a few days, was released on
bonds and fled. About three months there
after lie was rearrested in San Francisco,
returned to Texas, tried, with Miss Whit
telsey as the main prosecuting witness,
and given the death penalty.
TWO HANGINGS IN TEXAS.
Walter Ford and Samuel Watrous
Pay the Penalty for Murder.
DALLAS. Tex., Oct. 27.— Walter Ford,
•who cruelly murdered hi? sweetheart, Ln
clnda Moore, at Waco In June, IS9S, waa
lianged in that city to-day. ll© died with
out faltering, saying he was going
straight to heaven.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 27.— Samuel Wat
rous, one of the murderers of G. W. Eng
berg and his wife, was hanged In the jail
yard here to-day. Watrous said he waa
going to heaven. James Davidson, con
victed of the same crime, will be hanged
on November 24.
Briscoe's Slayer Hang-ed.
IRWIMTON. Ga., Oct. 27— Mack Can
non, a negro, was hanged here to-day for
the murder of William Brisooe near Ivy
Station In April last.
thing's but a fool In th<« bargain. Pressed
for an explanation, the doctor said that
the man had been in the habit of playing
the Peeping Tom and had no better sense
than to tell about It.
Dr. Curnow turned blue when Dr. Crane
revealed the name of the man. It was
! H. N. Turner, a chum of Curnow's, who
: had been "pulled" into office by the trus
tee. This Is one of the reasons that Cur»
nuw and his colleague. Greeninger, voted
against allowing ihe medical superinten
dent's report to become any part of the
Trustees' records.
Now comes the part that Governor Gage
plays In the affair. When he recommend
ed the appointment of Crane, he recom
mended better than h© knew. Gage and
the "pull" have stood In pretty well to
gether. Crane was the Governor's friend,
lie admits this himself. Naturally, Gage
supposed that the physician would not op-
POM his methods, but did not have cne
forethought to ask him. The Trustees did
not dream that the Governor would force
a man upon them who could not be han
dled without difficulty, and when the
truth was revealed in that "pull" para
graph of Crane's report the atmosphere
around Agnews was blue from the audible
expressions of chagrin from the Trustees
and the Governor. The Trustees have ac
cused the Governor of passing a gold
brick off on them, and Gage has been
wondering If he himself has not been bun
koed. And now he is seeking revenge.
Those of the Trustees who were congrat
ulating themselves that the Agnews Asy
lum was about to become a creditable lh~
stltutlon, free from scandal and politics,
fear that the Executive will carry out his
threats.
The terms of three of the five members
expire shortly. Greeninger of San Jose
and Edward White of Watsonville go out
of office next month. Curnow will cease
to be a Trustee In January. White in
dorses Dr. Crane's independence and
method of management and does not ex
pect to be reappolnted. Cnrnow and
Greeninger. It Is stated, have assured their
friends that they are all right. They are
against Crane. The plan of the Governor.
It is announced. Is to appoint some one in
White's place who will oppose Crane.
With a majority of the Trustees against
him it will be imposible for the Medical
Superintendent to carry out the reforms
be contemplates. But what difference
does that make so long as he Is punished
for differing from the Govern r»?
"The Agnews Asylum will lead any
llar State Institution within .-.x luo.itha, ■
said Trustee Upham, "if Dr. Crane is per
mitted to carry out hts policy of reform
In its management. My only fear Is tnat
on account of the political misunderstand
ing between him and the Governor, Gage
will not appoint a board that will uphold
him."
BELIEVES ANDREE
HAS NOT PERISHED
View of a Brother of the
Explorer.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
' MOBILE, Ala., Oct. Evelyn B.
Baldwin, the Arctic explorer ; and ob
server In the United States Weather Bu
reau, who has been assigned to duty at
this station, has arrived here from Wash
ington. He has just received a letter
from Captain Ernest Andree of Sweden,
brother of the polar aeronaut, and has
given to the press the following extract,
urecislve of Andree's confidence in his
brother's safety and his conjectures as to
his whereabouts:
My opinion is that if my brother had landed
! anywhere between S6 and SS degrees north lati
: tude and TO or SO degrees west and ISO degrees
west (Greenwich meridian) we would have
I heard frcm him. But, not having heard di
i rectly from him as to his having landed, I
1 think he must have come down to the west 0"
i 180 decrees and between 83 and 87 degrees
I north. From $5 degrees north and ISO degrees
(rest It Is about 750 miles to the nearest known
I land, to New Siberia, Taymur. Franz Josef
: Land, Greenland and the Parry Islands. At
the -ame rate In tha progress made by Nansen
of three miles It would take him two years to
reach the coast of the Parry Islands, and an
other year before he could communicate with
civilization. My brother several times ex
pressed his wish to examine the ocean north of
the Parry Islands.
The last one of my brother's buoys was found
on the north coast of Iceland. Lately, how
ever, another has been found on the north
coast of King Charles Land, east of Spltzber
! gen. He had with him twelve buoys, eleven
smaller ones and a large one. the latter on«
; being thrown out when the balloon was as far
! north as the expedition expected to reach.
If th expedition reached 80 or So degrees
north and 00 or 100 degrees east, and then got
[ northerly winds, it Is most likely they would
i have thrown the buoy, not exepcting to go any
! more to the north. But the wind might hay»
: changed In a few hours azain to the south or
i southwest and thus have carried the balloon
1 to 84 or 66 degrees north and 90 degrees west of
! ISO degrees.
Here they may have larded in an unexplored
region, previous to reaching which they may
have sailed backward and forward several
times. Remember that the balloon sailed fif
teen or sixteen miles an hour during the first
three hours.
I do not put the least faith In any of the
many reports, with the exception, of course, of '
the pigeon message and the two buoys. I dc
not expect to hear anything more this year,
but expect to hear all the more next summer.
DEWEY TO ENTERTAIN
ON EXTENSIVE SCALE
Admiral Will Take a Prominent Part
in the Social Affairs of
Washington.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27. — Admiral
Dewey Is expected to take a prominent
part In the social festivities of Washing
ton. The avowed purpose of the admiral
In securing such a large house a* that
selected by him waa that he might have
ample room to accommodate the guests
whom he proposed to invite to dinners and
other functions during the winter. Offi- I
cial and social residents here are making
arrangements for the entertainment of
Admiral Dewey. and it is expected Presi
dent McKinley will request his attend
ance at various state functions In the
White House.
There has been some misapprehension
as to Admiral Dewey's position when at- '
tending a function participated in by the
President and Cabinet, the diplomatic
corps and the army and navy, as will be
the case at the New Year's reception in
th .n White House. The Vice President
will follow the President and after him
the six Embassadors. Following the Em- l
bassadors. Cabinet Ministers will take I
rank and then the remaining members of
the diplomatic corps. Had the army. an '
officer with the rank of general he would
come next, as the War Department was
established before the Navy Department
but as Admiral Dewey has greater rela
tive rank than General Miles, who ranks
with a senior rear admiral he will nr«
cede that officer and follow the diplomatic' S
corps.
Admiral Dewey has been obliged to can
cel his proposed trip to Chicago. He had !
accepted an Invitation to be the guest of
the city between November 15 and 30, but I
on account of the coming meeting of" th» !
Philippine Commission he has written -a
letter explaining that It will be Impossi
ble for him to keep his engagement
Decides Against Colombia.
LAUSANNA, Switzerland, Oct. 27. fil
ter two and a half years of consideration
the Anylo-Colomblan Interarbltratlon
Court to-day gave Its award In the dis
pute between the Government of Colom
bia and Punchard. McTagrpart. L-owthor
& Co.. engineers and contractors for pub
lic works, respecting the Medellin-Mag
dalena Railway. Colombia's claim of SOO -
000 francs was dismissed and the firm a
London concern, was awarded upward of
a million fiaiics.
SHAREHOLDERS
TRANSFER STOCK
Prospects Bad for Union
Bank Depositors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 27.— The directors of
the Insolvent Union Savings Bank levied
an assessment of $60 per share on the
bank stock this morning. It la made pay
able on Saturday, December 2, 1899, and
becomes delinquent on December 23. On
the capital stock of the bank this should
bring in $600,000, but not over one-half of
the stockholders are solvent, so the as
sessment cannot bo collected from them.
The full directorate was present at this
morning's meeting. President Rea and
Directors Dunlop, Simpson and Caldwell
favored the assessment. Opposing them
were Directors Calllsch, Jones and Eaton,
who claimed the assessment was exces
sive and more than was needed to pay
depositors after assets had been realized
upon.
President Rea opened the meeting by
reading a long statement of what he
termed was rottenness on the part of Di
rectors Calllsch, Jones and Eaton In the
management of the bank. It was a char
! acteristic Rea document, In which "me
I and pa" figured prominently, and he stat
|ed his reason for making it was "My
, faultless father would never be satisfied
i to have his son dishonor the name of Rea
! by placing money before duty In the per
formance of a trust imposed by law."
The statement declared Directors Cal
llsch, Eaton and Jones had tried to block
every movement he had made for the
benefit of the depositors; that they had
tried to evade the assessment already
levied and had disposed of their property
and stock In order to escape the $60 as
sessment about to be levied. According
to him they had also conspired to obtain
control of bank property Dy having the
bank buy. In delinquent stock sold for as
sessment, but the depositors had frus
trated this.
The trio of accused directors mildly ob
jected to the report being received, but It
became a matter of record. Jones stated
some of Rea's own acts had not pleased
the community and he did not believe in.
a man like him setting himself upae a
censor.
A resolution levying the $60 assessment
then carried. Some routine business was
considered, after which the session ad
journed.
A disclosure has been made that there
Is an organized attempt on the part of
the stockholders to evade all future lia
bility and thus defraud depositors out of
thousands of dollars they are rightly en
i titled to. It all came about through the
S carelessness of the stockholders' attor
i ney, whose clerk in a thoughtless moment
: this morning left a letter behind him on
■ the floor of the bank.
In the past few days nearly a ecoro of
; the heaviest stockholders have been as
signing their stock to parties who have
but little property and are not considered
reliable. .The $10 assessment per share
levied some time ago was paid in each mi
i stance and the cashier requested to trans
fer stock on the books. This was refused
in each case. In the last three days be
tween $11,000 and $12,000 has been paid in
this manner on the $10 assessment.
Shortly after the bank opened this
morning a clerk from S. G. Tompkins' of
fice, counsel for the stockholders, entered
the Institution and paid $3000 on the $10
assessment charged against C. H. Hop
kins of San Francisco. A demand was also
made that stock be transferred to D. W.
Sherman. After transacting the busi
ness the following circular was found on
the floor:
San Jose, Oct. 25, 1899.
C. H. Hopkins, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear
Sir: I wish to Inform you of the latest move
of some of the heaviest stockholders in the
Union Savings Bank, and would advise you to
do likewise. ?.-;■••■
The proposition on foot now Is for them to
pay the $10 per share assessment that has
been Just levied and have the suit against
them on this assessment dismissed, then assign
their stock over to some irresponsible party. Of
course the president (neither will the secre
tary) will not enter the transfer upon the
books of the bank; so we have drawn up and
eend you herewith some forms for the seller
and one for the buyer to sign, and these must
be served upon the president and the secretary.
On the !7th of this month, next Friday, there
will be an assessment of $60 per share upon
the stock of said bank, and It Is to try and
avoid cult on this that the transfers are being
made.
So now you must. If you will avail yourself
of this, find some one who will take your
stock. Then Indorse the same over to him and
tend inclosed papers after first carefully filling
In all blanks In the same. Then return papers
and stock to us, with 2 cents revenue for every
share of stock sold. This must be done and
papers returned to-morrow, as meeting takes
place Friday. We will find some one to serve
papers on th« bank. Tours truly,
S. G. TOMPKINS.
There seems to be no trouble in getting
persons to assume the liability of the
stockholders, even with a $60 assessment
hanging over It, for the following persons
are among those who have recently made
transfers: Cyrus Jones. A. Eaton, F. K.
Ledyard, L. Callisch, Mrs. S. 1,. Knox-
Goodrich, Henry Sears, E. I. Kalfus, L.
F. Sanderson, I. G. Knowles, Emily C
"Woolley. Royal Cottle.- Sally T. Plummer,
A. W. Price, B. F. Richards and C. rl
Hopkins. In the list are three directors.
If these stockholders can escape paying
the assessment it will be a severe loss to
the depositors and It is doubtful If they
will ever get 25 cents on the dollar.
Attorney S. G. Tompkins returned this
evening from a two weeks' hunting trip
in Lassen County. He pronounced the
Hopkins letter a forgery. He said:
"I never sent out any such circular,
never authorized any one to send It out
for me and know nothing about It what
ever. How It came to be on one of mv
letterheads is a mystery. You will ob
serve that it is dated October 25. On
that day I was In Lassen County. I shall
make It my business to find out who has
been taking such a criminal liberty with
my name."
Fresno Man Missing.
FRESNO, Oct. 27.-Antone Houke went
to San Francisco October 16 to claim his
share In his mother's estate, promising: to
return on the 2('th. He stayed at Fahey"s
hotel and left the hotel with the money
on the evening of the 10th for homo. He
has never reached Fresno.
RHEUMATISM!
Electricity OfTers You a Cure.
ym (f\. Sufferers from pains in the back, in the shoulders, in the knees and
T^Av ln otlier P arts > joints and muscles of the body; whether your trouble is
J . Ill^vS^^^^s^ ' caused by impure circulation, weakness or lurking disease,\l have a
I Lr^ viC A^V\N^ cure for 7° u - El ectricity. when applied with intelligence is the mas-
I f^ ■ xVl\\' \ ter of rheumatic complaints, and I have cured over 5000 rheumatics
V -~~yt \«\ l\t^ / in the last three years. Cases which had resisted the efforts of the
/^'^^ifnN^ / I \ -Vk"/ J^ost expert physicians have succumbed to my late improved meth-
# Electricity Offers You a Cure.
Sufferers from pains in the back, in the shoulders, in the knees and
in other parts, joints and muscles of the body; whether your trouble is
caused by impure circulation, weakness or lurking disease, I have a
cure for you. Electricity when applied with intelligence is the mas-
ter of rheumatic complaints, and I have cured over 5000 rheumatics
in the last three years. Cases which had resisted the efforts of the
most expert physicians have succumbed to my late improved meth-
T^. JJ^— j/ \ ' iVf/ I use Electricity as a means of renewing the vital energy. In
UfjvL JlPjr o• \ Ilifil my hands it produces a stimulus to the circulation, dissolves all im-
I fnflJW / /^Tr H" purities and drives them from the body, gives new strength to the
-. ■ !".."! ' '// h^JzJill' muscles and restores the healthy activity to every part of the body.
If //I THE McLAUGHI METHOD,
i, I / tf , [Ik My appliance is in the form of an electric body belt, which is
••■'■";■ \S r I worn while the patient sleeps. "It cures while you sleep." In a man-
*■ " ncr which I have learned during my twenty years' experience in
, treating the ills of humanity, I am able to bring health to the lame
and feeble. I have a special meth od, which renders the use of electricity a pleasure, and a positive, certain
cure for Rheumatism, Lumbago, Lame Back, Kidney Trouble and all manner of pain and weakness. It re-
juvenates, invigorates and restores activity. It is the life, the force of physical action. The secret of my
success is in my special method of application, in which the power of Electricity is combined with scientific
common sense. • .
m Dear" Doctor: I- have been wearing your Electric *•" for two months,' and cheerfully acknowledge tha^l^iaveVecelved^'reat'bena-
fit therefrom. My lumbajo and sciatica have disappeared, and my digestion has been largely benefited. Very truly yours.
■ -Are you sufferingP If so, come and see me. Let me explain it to you free. Let me^show^yo^ho'W
Are you sufferingP If so, come and see me. Let me explain it to you free. Let me show you how
simple yet powerful my method is. If you can't call, let me send you, free, my book telling all about
it. Call or direct / *r
IID tU A MnIAIIPUIIM 702 Market, Cor. Kearny. office Hoar,-* a.m. to 8«30 p..
Un. till Mi ml LMUbnl IN ■ SF. ; and Burdlck Block. *> Sund oy «. 10 to I.
: 90 U ■ ■ III! 11l IllUkllVWllkllil Cor. Spring »nd Second, Lot Angeles. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORE S
THE EMPOniUM.
TX;*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*2*
J 21 lbs. Western Refinery Granulated Sugar |
» for $100. *
lat 7-30 " <^"«nfiiftaza ft p." |ro-iirig*l'« 5
J *••»•* CAUFQ^niASLAO^Tr-JiMERICA'S.CRAtIDESTSTOfi£. oonoert ' %
* Store <yOP£rf'TortiGHT. *
! Saturday Sales for Men. i
| ~^ Men's $15.00 Fast Blue *
* Serge Suits, $10.00. «
* ps"^^^ Until closing time to-night we offer another 2
* £T ? lot of those fine Fast Blue $15.00 Serge ?
* jC^a Suits for men for $10.00. They are pure *
& /iTI/\l worsteds, guaranteed fast color, well made and lined 2
S> S*i\7 !\ S S. and com 9 in two styles, round cornered Backs or 
* / XjL^"^ 7\ doub'e-breasted, silk faced sack coats. Rsmember ff
6 [ 3" / \ that they are regular $15.00 suits an! are on sale it
» / / [ \ for Saturday on vat $11. 00 ♦
I I I \ Men's $1.75 Underwear *
J fa ) Special To-day at $1.25. I
* \ v£<k We off er or this day only, 30 dozen fine Derby ♦
% \ j V^cii^ Ribbed Wool Undergar- &2\ £
» \/ \ ? ments for men; they are , ps*f *
£ V^ ■^vJjrv'^ pretty fawn color, the 6 %
%. T 1 V ' shirts made with French silk o^f/W^jTl\ «
& I \ I trimmed neck bands and silk li!¥ki<\U'\' \//v\ *
ft, f A I trimmed fronts edged with silk y\ /7 ////|VN^\ *
£> at th 9 bottom and cuffs; the drawers are sateen taced, guss9t- (fi)A\ }?/// ' '//>% *
9> ted :Ed siik edge 1 , at an ;les; these garments are 'eiutifaly \^fcl _~ f L/' / y *
* woven, fit the form perfectly and are Dr3t-class $1.75 under- rvfox^nr''^ "*
* wear in every detai ! ; all regular sizes for men; on special sain lirniT'^ "%
* for Saturday only $1.25 I■, I), *
& z==z=^===z=z=i=zi HI li I jrv/ ♦
5> SiUtrdav Only. An as- Saturday Onl>\ Our reg- <*
* $5.50 Dress 3o ;l? ilot Si k Striped "I"* 1 5
» S^r/r $3.95. sws Moreens, 68c. I%* *
? Dress Ski: t , Ji^^. Moreens, 27 in hes wide, a variety q>
light an>l dark fff\ °* coord grounds with vary hand- %f
a, grays, brown* Ai| A some silk stripes, on special sale th ; <#
ik and blue gray J\ (J[ \\ day on'y, per yard. GBO <"
iO> black and blue I? ' \\\ — : — <•
* cheviot--, also A ! \i\\ /3 Saturday Tw ° splendid *
* black and ■ fir- /C i MAX D aa V Q Q * O special offers ♦
* ured Princess /> ? V l-\\ OOOK vaff?* for thh day only: J
cloth, some /> r \\^V lSMite-of n*^.x>fr=N «
* habit ba?k, k t, l^vA the f b?Bt 9 0A^Arn I «
» others new k ~^ 2, \%\\ I sellingand M/JjTvfff II *
« plait back, <| .•§■ l^V^A i niost pop- /V^l-J5«?53 *
* percaline lin- >Ni~- r^-* aar C ' BB * /\^//^l *
* ed, some vel- ' tf ' artis- s^^ " --^^5 5
* vetaeD, others rubber boun'— rp£:nlark| t i ca 1 1 y £^=^ !! £z^^3%2r~^2' 1 *
j[ $5.50 each, for this day 0n1y.... 53.85 made "" 2
A " books, Ov./^^X^'''^ wy
? Saturday OnF<: Two big; bound in .^ "' i
Curtain DeO*t. bar a;n9 ' cloth, type and paper equal to many J
£ a - * for this higher priced edition-, publisner'*'
& vPCaatS. day only: price 35c, on special sale Saturday <■
&■ 250 yaras of table oilcloth, ii two lots, only, each 170 it
* l\i and l' a yards wide, slightly dam- £ , . _ _ ♦
* a?ed, the regular price if perfect ]5c Standard Library BOOKS— ♦
* and 20c per yard— sale pricj Satur- 200 of the best works of such stand- «
* j ay _ Qq ard authors as Dickens, Scott, Dumas. V
5 l(X)OyaVds'ofFigurVdScrini.''with'co!or- Hnzo. Thackeray, Henty, Oiver Optic, J
» el patterns running through, for sa-h Kipling, etc.. large type, good paper,
ft. curtains and a 1 kitdj of draperies, extra cloth, publishers price 7oc each,
* regular price 10c a yard-sale pric ■ on special sa.e Saturday, 3 forJSI, *>
*" Saturday SO: -° eac i " 35© *
{ sanity o~ 27- i nc h UuuorSfseciais. . j
<> $1.25 Colored' lain co] ' These prices for Saturday only : *
* TaffA^ae J?42s» ? red Ta . f " God C aret »< a popular price, regularly «
* f dllVltt&p OObf fetas in 40a gallon, special ..2So *
* a choice assortment or fall colorings, r b. Hayden Bourbon or Cyrus Noble ♦
* buets, r?ds, green?, rnrpe, light bue, R e. bottle 850 *
J brown, turquoise, etc.. a quality that Liebig's or Pa: st Malt Extract, dozen.. V
T will give excellent wear, and baing so $2m20 3
fr wide cuts to good advantage, regu'arlysau'terneßurgu'nd'yi Hock orGutedel— 4 «
6 $1.25 yard, spec a for Saturday on'y bottles Si.OO «
«> at 88c «
•> To-Day On'? ><— s^— v *
* Sale cio<>< To-Day. The bai- Fg»Hnna i^^\ *
t $2,45 and $3 «™ofth. Ha<s77c ~k J I
S <f»;4«» <s# os io; of 150 namS, *mv mig TJUa *
Jj; &UitS, 9''O9i suits for Men's all lur Fedora ■'• Ng^^Sj^ J
& boys that wa3 advartiaed in ye?ter-| Hats in bla?k, '/; £5 , , J^^J t>
§. day morning's papers are on sale until dark brown, god- j; J -- j} /
$i closing time to-night. There are 3 en brown, cedar, Sv.SjSSw r M *f
■& oifferent style? of pretty cheviot', all maple and otter, \V^^" I x "#
fr new. this season's effects, for boys 3 sod b? us ie?u- a^~-<*^\'
* to 8 years of age. See illustrations! larly at 95s each, jM rlXi wi
T and compete descriptions in yester-j hats that compare %jr 'jCnil T^^ *JJ
T day's papers, ani if your little boy favorably with the 2
fs, needs a suit do not mi3s this special ordinary $1.53 Fedoras, on sp9C : a' sale 3
ft. sale at $1*35 Saturday, each 77© +
BOUND FOR MANILA
IN MALE ATTIRE
Novel Method Taken by a Female
Correspondent to Get to the
Front.
ASHEVII,IJ3. N. C Oct. 27.— A letter
received here by the wife of Bandmaster
O'ue of the Twenty-ninth Volunteer In
fantry says that when the transport car
rying the regiment to Manila arrived at
Honolulu one of the employes of the ship
became very ill. but refused to take medi
cine or have the attendance of a doctor.
Colonel Hardin ordered a surgeon to at
tend the case, and It was discovered that
the patient was a woman In male attire,
going to the Philippines to represent an
THE EDK?OSIIJm.
American newspaper. She refused to dis
close her name or the paper she would
represent.
FUNERAL OF GENERAL HENRY.
NKW TORK, Oct. 27.— General Henry's
remains will be taken from his home on
Sunday and will be placed on a special car
and the car attached to the Washington
express, which leaves at 12:55 p. m. Ar
riving in Washington, the body will ba
taken to St. John's Church, where it will
lie In state, with a special military guard,
until 11:30 o'clock Monday morning, at
which hour the funeral services will ba
held.
The body will be escorted from th«
house to t he ferry in this city by the
national and State troops. Of the latter
there will be the Seventh, Sixty-ninth and
Seventy-first regiments.
56
SATURDAY OCTOBER 28, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I IISLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCB.
t DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIKRS. IB TEXTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
: MI.V CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year |!fI.OO
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months ... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Elngle Month UJ»e
BUNDAY CALL ne Year I.RO
WEEKLY CALL One Year l.*X>
All postmasters are authorized to recelv. subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when r.-quested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LLKENS <JR 29 Tribune Building
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarK'n street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
. lieum— 'Vaudeville."
i i— "A Breach of Promise."
nbla— "A Milk White Flag."
Tlvoli— "La. Belle Helene."
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Grand Optra House — "The Conspirators."
Chutes. Zhjo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympa. corner Mag n and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park -Steeplechase and performances.
Kei-reation Park— BasebalT to-day.
■ txly Theater, Bush street— "Jedem Das Seine," Sunday
night.
>; "idm Gate Hall— Recital Wednesday, November L.
. i. ■ --.i- k -l:;i. ■■■■■■• t i-.lay.
AUCTION SALES.
By. B. Watklns- Monday, October 30, at 11 o'clock Horses,
at Va!i ncla an.l 1 .
THE MAYOR ANALYZED.
; \ S some statements and some opinions of Mr.
/ \ Joseph Britton are constantly quoted by the
Mayor and his followers, and are suppo>ed to
be important because' lie has deserted his party ro
support Mr. Phelan, it is fair to turn to Democrats
who refuse to support Mr. Phelan and to consider
their analysis of him. These Democrats, led by their
ite for Mayor, Dr. Cleveland, are not support
ing Mr. Davis, so that their opinions are rather
stronger and trustier than the opinions of Mr.
Britton.
At the meeting held by these steadfasters and
standfasters in the Democratic party Dr. Cleveland
referred to his lifelong membership in the party, his
belief in its principles and determination that they
shall not be lost sight of at the convenience of Mr.
Phelan or anybody else. He said: "There is no issue
whatever about the charter. It was the work of the
people, not the work of Phelan. Being the work of
the people, they alone can change it." Mr. George
D. Giliespie, a Democrat of ability and good stand
ing, said: "The convention which nominated
Phelan and Dodge absolutely refused to indorse the
Chicago platform, which, though good enough for
Bryan and Maguire. was not good enough for
Phelan." Thi.s repudiation of principles, being solely
for the benefit of Mr. Phelan's ambition, in the be
lief that it will bring him Republican votes to make
him Mayor and increase his prestige, may be ex
ted to result in his saying to the Democracy later
on, "In the name of my prestige as a three-ply
Mayor I demand your nomination to a State or Fed
eral office." Having gained power to make this de
mand by repudiating the party platform and prin
ciples, he will ask in their name further promotion.
This is a sort of political shell game.
< Hllespie, completing his analysis, said: "That
tion of platform and principles is the reason
for Phelan's desire to cry out against raising na
in this campaign. They do not want
attention directed to their apostasy from the political
Jennings Bryan and the great mass
of Democratic voters."
The gentlemen who make these public statements
are well known men of high standing. Dr. Cleveland
served the public in office, faithfully and respect
. and is just as grand a grand old man as Grand
Man Britton. He sees, with rare keenness, the
•y of Mr. Phelan's charter issue. He sees that
Mr. Phelan's attitude at once raises the issue that the
<harter and the national Democratic platform are
tic, and that a candidate cannot stand on
both. He sees behind all this Mr. Phelan's purpose
to use the charter as a fetish to secure his present
ambition, and ultimately to use Democratic prin
ciples again when it suits his convenience and will
further promote his craving for office and power.
Therefore Dr. Cleveland bluntly declares that there
is no separate and distinct charter issue at all; that
the charter was made by the people, is the funda
mental law of the city and can only be changed by
the people. This being the case, the party conven
tions were held to nominate party candidates to the
es necessary to the administration of the char
ter. Mr. Phelan, therefore, by repudiating the prin
ciples of the party in whose name he was nominated,
has abandoned the solid ground of party principle
lias created an airy, fairy pathway to office which
lie calls "the charter issue." Here is a complete ex
pesure, from the most respectable Democratic
sources, of the straw issue set up by Mr. Phelan.
He pretends to go forth to fight "treason to the
charter." These Democrats say this is to conceal his
own treason to his party principles. They declare
treason to the charter to be non-existent, imaginary,
while Phelan's treason to his party is real and actual.
There seems to be no answer to the logic of their
1 coition and no offset to the clearness of their state
• of it. As an apostate to his party, it i s their
function to administer the needed discipline to him.
As the creator of a false issue and attempting to reach
office on it, he seems to stand thoroughly exposed
by the men who have heretofore supported him, have
foregathered with him in party conventicles and
ought to know. him best. In his speech in the Thir
tieth Assembly District, the 24th inst., Mr. Phelan
snid: "I don't know what has become of your plat
form since I was here last. You then elevated your
candidates on a pedestal; now they have to stand on
the floor." It doubtless occurred to the real Demo
irats present that Mr. Phelan has also lost his plat
form since he was there last, and had no right to
rebuke them for making him stand on the floor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, lS9f>.
THE IMPERILED REPUBLICS.
THE American people do not need the presenta
tion to the President of a request to offer
mediation between England and the free Boers
to whet their interest in the passing African spec
tacle. The amiable inattention to the request is not
the reflection of a similar mood of the people. A vast
empire which has belted the world with its power,
which has put the hard heel of its oppression upon
the necks of protesting people from Ireland to
Africa; which has slaughtered peasants for defend
ing their huts and blown in pieces from the mouths
of cannon men who in its service had learned to hate
it with unreasoning frenzy— this power, equipped
with every engine of slaughter, every device for ex
termination, is moving upon two free states, two in
dependent and self-governing republics, with the
same terrifying manifestations of strength and the
same inhuman motives that actuated Persia to land
her innumerable hosts upon the plain of Marathon
to smother the Grecian commonwealth in its own
blood.
To meet this host, face it, if possible turn it, if not
to die in front of it and be trampled into the free soil
they defend, stand the embattled farmers of the two
republics, just as our forefathers stood at Lexington
and Concord and "fired the shot that was heard
around the world."
All freemen of the two states are in array. Paul
Kruger. President of the Transvaal, with his three
quarters of a century of age upon him, forgetting the
scars that embellish his giant body won in long ago
battles for the liberty which he now defends, turned
soldier again, is at the head of a division of his army.
On the other side, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain and Mr.
Cecil Rhodes, whose intrigues and ambitions have
turned the veldt into a slaughter pen and reddened
the vlcys with the blood of men, are not in front de
fending the flag they have sent on a graceless er
rand. One is in safe and distant London, calling his
countrymen traitors for protesting that murder is
not a civilizing vocation. The other is pent up in
Kimberley, trembling with a miser's fright, while he
guards a treasure of one hundred millions in dia
monds and shouts for soldiers to come and save the
glittering store from the fate the Indian treasury
suffered at the hands of Robert, Lord Give.
Official authority may speak coldly and vaguely of
our national interests, but the American people are
not indifferent to the mighty suggestions of the
spectacle.
Already the usual signs appear that tell of the need
of a manufactured appeal to American and British
sentiment to hold it together as one in support of
this destruction of republics. In London it is re
ported that the Boers misuse and disregard a flag
of truce: that they hold up their hands to surrender
and whei the British ground arms shoot them; that
the British surgeons report that the Boers are using
dumdum bullets. These are familiar devices. They
have been in use by us in the Philippines for eight
months. Our people have read all such reports and
their effect has been estimated in advance of their
publication. It is charged through censored sources
that Aguinaldo has used the same tactics, and some
among us have not been slow to seize the advantage
of making him say what they please, so as to appeal
to sentiment at home.
But let no one forget that the Boers have needed
to use no such device. They know that at the Peace
Conference at The Hague, on the soil of their an
cestors, when the Continental powers wanted to
abolish the dumdum bullet. England defeated the
proposition and the United States supported her. If
England use the dumdum the Boer makes no com
plaint. Being aware that England has them and de
feated their abolition, he has some also. Above all
things the Boer is no hypocrite and does not fight
by proclamation nor telegram. The prize for which
he fights is the same old prize of self-government for
which his ancestors fought Spain and Alva. The
jewels he guards are not diamonds. They are the
rights of man. Looking around the circle of the
nations he sees no friendly face among the strong,
and so with heart stoutened by his friendliness he
meets the invader and fights like a man, dies like a
man, and baptizes the Dark Continent with blood
that will cry accusing confusion through all time to
those who. pretending to love republican institutions,
saw him die for them with every lash dry and no
sign of sympathy.
The twelve-year-old boy of Oakland who stands
facing a four-year sentence in one of the State prisons
for an infamous offense presents a perplexing
problem to the authorities. He is too young to zo
to prison and too old in some things to be permitted
at large.
THE DEBRIS PROBLEM AGAIN.
rROM the description given of the debris dams
of the State, in a report prepared by G. F.
Allardt and issued by the Anti-Debris Associa
tion of the four counties of Sacramento Valley, it
appears the whole controversy between : the land
owners of the valley and the hydraulic miners is
likely to be reopened. Mr. Allardt says: "The sys
tem of impounding works as now carried on can
afford no protection to the valley interests; it is a
menace, a delusion and a snare. In my judgment
permanent relief and safety can be secured only by
the absolute and unconditional prohibition of hy
draulic mining."
How far the Anti-Debris Association indorses that
sweeping statement is not clear. In issuing the re
port the association, through its secretary, Robert
Cosncr, contents itself with inviting an examination
of the report, which it declares shows the insuffi
ciency of the dams constructed under the supervision
of the California Debris Commission.
According to the report the impounding works
authorized and accepted by the commission are, with
few and unimportant exceptions, dams or barriers
constructed across gorges or canyons which have
heretofore served as dumping places for hydraulic
mines. A list classified according to the material
used in the construction gives a total of 251 struc
tures, of which only 27 are constructed of durable
material — that is, stone or carth — the remainder being
constructed either in whole or in part of perishable
material, such as logs or brush, and subject to more
or less rapid decay.
It does not appear from the report that any of the
dams show signs of decay or are insufficient at pres
ent. It would seem, therefore, that the expert has
digued from his fears rather than from facts. If the
dams be oi the flimsy construction he reports they
will of course in time give way, but as they have been
approved and accepted by a commission appointed to
supervise them, the presumption is they are ade
quate to the needs now and can be repaired and
strengthened as future emergencies may require.
The controversy is one in which the whole State is
interested, and the property at stake on each side is
enormous. The solution of the problem requires the
diligent and earnest study of competent experts, but
it is not impossible of attainment. It is safe to say
the people of California will never accept the con
clusion of Mr. Allardt that hydraulic mining must be
absolutely and unconditionally prohibited. Neither
will they consent to permit the lands of the valleys
and the rivers to be ruined by the debris washed
down from hydraulic mines. It is quite possible to
construct impounding works which will protect the
lowlands and the rivers. If such works have not been
provided in the past, then better work must be done
in the future. That is all there is to the problem.
In the meantime the Debris Commission should take
note of the criticism pronounced by the engineer of
the Anti-Debris Association and see to it that such
improvements as are needed in the dams be made at
once.
From her utterances concerning Congressman
Roberts of Utah it is plain that Miss Helen Gould
does not approve of polygamy. The fact, also, that
she has no particular love for matrimony appears to
be dawning on the many ypung men who have an
eye single to her large fortune.
THE FIGHT FOR THE COMMISSION
ERSHIP.
WHILE the merchants and manufacturers of
California, Oregon and Washington were en
gaged in conference for the purpose of uniting
upon a plan for defending the trade interests of the
coast, and were seeking a candidate whom all could
agree to recommend to the President for appoint
ment to the vacancy in the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the Southern Pacific Company, indif
ferent to the desires of the business men of the
coast and careless of the welfare of their industries,
set about with swift and secret energy to forestall
them.
A petition was drawn up by Judge Carpenter, at
the instigation of W. F. Herrin, requesting the ap
pointment of N. P. Chipman to the office, and
efforts were made in various parts of the State to
obtain signatures to it. The trick was exposed by
The Call on October 15, and the railroad company at
once procured the transmission of the petition to the
President by Senator Perkins. That petition is now
at Washington, while as yet the request of the con
ference representing the business men of the three
States of the coast has not reached him.
This trick on the part of the company is but
another evidence of the contempt with which Hun
tington regards the people of the Pacific Coast and
the sneak methods which he has taught his agents
here to employ in circumventing every movement
designed for the public welfare. The Traffic Asso
ciation of this city, and the organizations of other
cities in alliance with it, designed no attack upon any
of the rightful interests of the railroad. It was
clearly pointed out that what they ask would be of
advantage to the roads, inasmuch as by protecting the
trade of the coast cities it would increase the amount
of traffic they supply to the roads. In fact, every
step taken by the merchants of the three States was
in the direction of harmony of all Pacific Coast in
terests, and it was expected that in this movement
at any rate the Huntington push would not antago
nize the wishes of the people.
It seems to be vain to expect any fair dealing or
honesty of purpose on the part of the Southern Pa
cific Company. It is now clear that as soon as it
was known a movement would be undertaken to ob
tain a Pacific Coast representative on the Interstate
Commerce Commission Huntington determined to
defeat it if he could. He adopted his old plan of
putting forward a candidate of his own. His agents
hurried the scheme through with as much secrecy a3
possible, and would have achieved a complete sur
prise had it not been for the watchfulness of The
Call.
We have in this case something of a repetition of '
the tactics of the Southern Pacific in trying to force j
upon the Legislature the acceptance of Dan Burns to '
the United States Senate. Either the railroad woulJ !
have its own candidate or it would have none. So '■
now the railroad agents in the State are out fighting
against the appointment of William R. Wheeler, who j
has been recommended by the business men of Cali- |
fornia, Oregon and Washington at their conference
in this city. They have set forth to beat him simply
because he is a Pacific Coast candidate. They are
acting in accordance with the settled policy of the
Southern Pacific to oppose the advancement of any
and every man on the coast who is not subservient to
the railroad itself.
Such is the situation that confronts the people.
The choice is now between supporting Mr. Wheeler !
or the railroad candidate. The issue cannot be
evaded. Every member of Congress from Californh,
from Oregon and from Washington should unite
with the Traffic Association and its allied organiza- [
tions in urging the appointment of Wheeler. The '•
efforts of the railroad to defeat him should be
promptly met. The fight is on. Once more Call- I
fornia has to meet her old foe, and it behooves her j
people to act with vigor.
THE AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE.
ONE of the clearest statements yet made of the ■
low estate to which the American merchant j
marine has fallen is that embodied in a recent I
communication to the Industrial Commission at !
Washington by Frank L. Neall of Philadelphia. It j
furnishes a convincing argument for the adoption of j
legislation to remedy the evil by the simple fact of !
making known the full extent the evil has reached.
Statistics quoted by Mr. Neall show the value of
merchandise imported and exported by the United
States for the calendar year 1898 to aggregate
$1,800,000,000. The weight of this merchandise, sent
out of the country and brought in, was over 37,000,000
tons. The transportation across the seas of this
contribution, vast in value and bulk, to the com
merce of the world is one of the chiefest prizes of in
ternational maritime competition. To do this busi
ness Mr. Neall shows that out of a total shipping
tonnage suitable for transoceanic traffic aggregating
27,600,000 tons the United Stotes have a beggarly 125
vessels, steam and sail, with a carrying capacity of
296,185 tons.
That contrast between the amount of our exports
and imports across the seas and the carrying ca
pacity of our merchant marine is sufficient to con
vince any intelligent man of the inadequacy of our
shipping. We are virtually subject to Europe in
matters of commerce. The war in the Transvaal,
which led the British to withdraw a large number of
steamers from the merchant service, has so increased
the cost of transportation on grain and other freight
that we will lose a considerable percentage of what
our profits would have been had we possessed mer
chant vessels sufficient to make us independent.
Our country fronts upon both the great oceans of
the earth and has an expanding commerce in each
direction. It is therefore folly for us to leave the
carrying trade of the seas to other nations. The re
lation which our ocean tonnage bears to that of the
world at large is so small as to be shameful. A very
different condition of affairs will prevail when once
there has been granted to our shipping industries
something of the protection which has been so advan
tageously bestowed upon our industries on land.
LATEST PORTRAIT OF THE
GREAT FRENCH ARCHITECT
E. Benard.
THE MAN WHO DREW THE PLANS FOR THE UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA. FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN LAST SEPTEMBER.
* | HE CALL has received a letter under date of October *
£ I 8 from Paris, France, written by E. Benard, the architect jj
who was awarded the first prize for the plans for the (
* University of California. In this letter he writes: "Permit *
k me to express my gratitude for your appreciation of plans jj
) for the University of California. I did my best, and my joy is (
£ complete in this that I succeeded in giving satisfaction to all. J
(< lam making arrangements to visit your beautiful country, £
) and shall probably be there during the early part of De- (
f cember." . J
|t The portrait presented is one of Mons. Benard taken in j
) Paris in the early part of last September and is the latest (
* one that has been taken of the great architect. J
IDIOMS OF THE BOERS.
Terms That Will Abound in the Reports of
the Transvaal War.
News readers always suffer Inconveni
ence when the reports from abroad con
tain unfamiliar words and expressions
idiomatic to the locality from which they
may have been written. The occurrence
of such "ultlandische" terms will be fre
quent in the dispatches which will record
the strife between England and her stub
born neighbors in South Africa, for that
country has a patois all its own.
Here is a brief glossary illustrating 1 the
terms which are most likely to find their
way into the war correspondents' ink
horns from the dust of the dry African
"veldt." And this (the comprehensive
term for all open country there, and not
merely "the plains") will do to start
with. Dealing with "de Afrikaansehe
taal," and not with what the "Boers"
(meaning farmers and nothing more) call
"prout holluus" — correct European Duti/h
— we properly spell this word with a iinal
"t," because phonetically the word is in
Africa "felt, even though the books
spell it "veld."
Some people mistakenly connect with
the above word the term "velschoens,"
and spell this, which stands for the farm
er-made skin shoes— which are only one
degree removed from our moccasins— with
an added "dt," under the Impression that
the word means shoes for the veldt.
"UK" is one of the most puzzling syl
lables for the Anglo-Saxon re.adtr to mas
ter; favorite pronunciation is "weet." Its
sound in a Transvaaler's mouth is ex
actly as we say "8" in English, c. g., uit
lanrters "eight-landers." Even In South
Africa itself the Saxon tongue boggles at
this "uit," and for "spruit," a brook or
streamlet, most of them say "sproot";
nevertheless, the Boers always pronounce
it "spr-8."
Some physical features of landscape
likely to De presented to their readers by
the newswriters in "taal" words are
shown In the following commentary:
"Rand," any long, rolling hill range is
a rand; more specifically the grassy ridge
itself of such a formation. Gats rand
and Witwaters rand are illustrations.
"Kopje"— pronounced koppe — designates
Isolated hills, especially such as are round
and have pointed tops. A "kop" is large;
it must be an isolated mountain peak to
attain the dignity of kop. To be a
"spitzkop" the peak must be high, sharp
and craggy. "Berg" or "bergen' signifies
extensive mountain ranges, as the Ma
haliesbergen, the Drakensberg and the
Werzamelbergen. ]
BOUND TO BE APPRECIATED BY ALL
County Superint endant of Schools Chipman Gives His Opinion of The
Call's Home Study Circle, Now Running in the Paper.
San Jose, Oct. 2, 1899.
Editor of The Call, San Fran-
Cisco, Cal.—Dear Sir*. Your prop
osition for giving to the readers
of The Call such a splendid oppor-
tunity for home study meets my
hearty approval.
I feel assured that the project
will be fully appreciated by all
who are interested in the cause
of popular education.
Yours respectfully,
County Superintendent of Schools.
COOPER MEDICAL. COLLEGE— W.
R., City. The sick poor are treated
every morning at the Cooper Medical Col
lege.
CENTS FOR SILVER— S., City. Stores
that use pennies will exchange silver for
such. The quantity that storekeepers will
(St. Louis Star.)
To descend to the lower features of the
landscape— say in an the top of Majuba
"kop"— we come down the grassy, rock
strewn "hoojfte," or braeside, and find
OUtselvea in Lraings Nek. "Nek" means
the rounded liolluw of the dip between
any two peaks of a mountain chain. But
do not make the error of confounding the
"nek" with the "pass." Laings Nek is a
pas.s, because the road goes over it; but
there are "neks" which are not passes.
If, however, we were upon a mountain
which offered us no easy "hoogte" to de
scend by we should have to scramble
down some narrow and rugged "kioof."
A kloof is precisely what in America we
call a canyon, and, as with the word can
yon, so also the word kloof may with
equal propriety be applied to a deep, nar
row cut in a plain or a level, narrow pass.
The appointments of the great South
African ox wagon are sure to be referred
to. Of those the great freighters (the
"bokwagen") run to as much as twenty
feet long by seventeen between the wheel's
and are drawn by fourteen, sixteen or
eighteen bullocks, "spanned" in pairs.
"Inspanning" and "outspanning" are
the ai-ts of hitching up and loosing these
animals from the yoke. Each ox is har
nessed thus: After the span have been
"reined" and ranged along the "touw"
the end of a yoke is laid upon the ani
mal's neck, and as there are two stout
pieces of wood thrust through holes in
the end of the yoke these clip his neck in
a fork. They are the "yokeskeys " A
short twisted coupler of rawhide (called
the '"shrop") connects up the under ends
of the "keys." and then it is a clever
beast who can wriggle out of that simple
device. The "reims* 1 with which the oxen
have been caught are around their horns
and as each pair are "yoked" the opera
tor solzrs thefr two reims and allowing a
play of about three feet to the right-hand
ox lays up the slack criss-cross around
the horns of the other; and there you
have the entire harness of the "tre'ek
oss." These "reims" are inch-wide string
of rawhide slightly softened by twisting
find run from seven to ten feet' in leneth
Th^y are very strong. w » lUI
The "yokes" are fastened along a care
ful y laid-un cable of rawhide strands
which is called the "treck-touw"— we W
to repeat that the souriVJ of this word
warrants the "ck" instead of the con
ventional "k"— but sometimes a Furo
pean-madp chain is used instead of the
native tmiw. and then the Boer will speak
of it as his treck "keteng "
Kruger is pronounced "Kroor" mostly
In the Transvnal. but "Kreer" generally
elsewhere in South Africa. *
take depends upon the amount they re
quire.
COINS— A. A. P.. Spreckels, Monterey
County, Cal. The market value of a quar
ter of a dollar of 1853 is from 50 to 85
cents; one of 1554 is the same price, and
a half-dollar of that year is from 75 cents
to SI 25- that is the price that fl (
charge for such, but dealers do not off. f
any premium for these coins. A quart •
of "a dollar of 1853 withoutarrows or
commands a premium ot from J;
$3 25.
FRENCH GUNS-A. D. R. T. C, CII
The largest bore of guns owned i
French Government is 13.38.
THE POPE— H. L, Yuma, Ariz. TV ;
department has not been able to tin
record that the present Pope was i
member of the association asked about.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH— J., Liver
more, Cal. Those who are interested In
the wireless telegraph apparatus do •
desire to give to the general publi<
dividuals the secrets of the apparatui
used.
HALF-TONE PICTURES — Would-!..
Artist, Oakland, Cal. Half-tone pictur.
are not drawn, but are printed dire
from the photograph on metal. How :h
--are prepared is known to those who make
the pictures and they will not disclose th<
process.
A NEW WORD— E. D. 8., Fish Rock,
Cal. New words are, as the expression
goes, "coined," whenever some one
an expression to convey a meaning, if
there does not happen to be a word in
the language to express that meaning.
There is no rule for "coining" new v,
For instance, there was no word to ex
press the ray discovered by Roentgen,
and it was decided to call it the X ray.
because at the time the nature thereof
was still problematical, and since then the
ray has been known as the X.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. 8. 8. Young, U. S. N., is a guest at
the Palace.
Judge J. F. Poston, an oil speculator of
Selma, is at the Lick.
Police Commissioner Richard J. Tobin
returned from New York yesterday morn
ing.
S. Tyack, a wealthy mining man of Bo
die, is registered for a short stay at the
Lick.
H. H. Hunter, a well-known mining
man of Redding, is registered at the
Grand.
L. L. Green, a banker and capitalist of
Oroville, is among the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
W. W. Turney, an attorney of Camp
bell, was among the arrivals of yesterday
at the Grand.
General Sanford, who is returning from
India to his home in England, is again a
guest at the Occidental.
8. C. Joerger, a traveler from Berlin,
who is sightseeing on the coast, has re
turned to the Palace.
Colonel Montgomery, a prominent busi
ness man and politician of New York, is
a guest at the Occidental.
Charles H. McFarland, one of the lead
ing business man of Los Angeles, Is at
the Palace on a short trip to this city.
H. Stahler. a prominent merchant of
Honda, republic of Colombia. Is a guest
at the Palace, where he arrived yesterday
morning.
Dr. J. H. Freece, one. of the leading
medical men of Michigan, is a guest at
the Palace. He is visiting the coast on
i pleasure bent.
Commander Adams, who has been sta
tioned on the Independence for some
j time, has received orders to take com
mand of the Solace and proceed to Ma
nila.
H. G. Murry, formerly superintendent
of the Lightning mine of Angels Camp,
will sail for Korea Wednesday next in the
Interest of a big Oriental mining corpora
tion that is developing the mineral re
sources of that far away country.
Q. A. Chase of the firm of Kohler &
Chase and his family have reached New
York on their return home from their
European trip. The family will be de
tained in that city for some time, on ac
count of the sudden illness of a son.
George, who is down with typhoid fever.
Hon. W. E. Cochran of Washington, D.
C. Chief Postofflce Inspector, and In
spector George M. Sutton of New York
are here on business connected with their
i departments, which will probably kefp
. them in the city for several days. While
i here they will be the guests of Inspector
In Charge R. R. Munro and Postofflce In
i spector J. W. Erwln.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— P. W. Ackler of
San Francisco is at the Bartholdi; F. H.
Freeman of San Francisco is at the Neth
erland; B. Mayer, Mr. and Mrs. Weis and
A. Chappell of San Francisco are at the
Martin.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 27.— F. H. Mason
of Pasadena is at the Arlington. G. A.
Meyers and wife of San Francisco are at
the Metropolitan. H. A. Hemming of San
Francisco is at the Wellington.
Cream mixed candies, 25c Tb. Townsend's.*
Look out for ?1 Fourth st. Nr. 5c barber
or grocer. Best eyeglasses 10c and 40c. *
Travelers, see Townsend's display of
California glace fruits, 50c It), in flre
etched boxes. 627 Market, Palace Hotel.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t..e
Press Clipping Burtau (Allen's*, 510 Mon -
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Taken to Oroville.
Mrs. S. ML Houseworth of Chico. who
was arrested here on an indictment by the
Grand Jury of Butte County charging her
with forgery in connection with the Fuller
will, was yesterday taken from the City
Prison by Sheriff Wilson of Butte Coun
ty and they left by the afternoon train
for Oroville.
Angostura Bitters is known as the great reg
ulator of the digestive organs. Get the genu
ine. Made by Dr. J. G. B. Siegert & Sons.
Thomas Malley's Death.
Drs. W. M. Forster and D. Maclean,
charged with manslaughter in causing
the death of Thomas Malley by an inlu
diclous application of chloroform, ap
peared before Judpre Treadwell yesterday
As no complaint had been filed the case
was continued for a week.
800 Shares
At Sg.OO
Per Share.
The developments that are being
made at our oil wells in Contra
Costa justify us in making the pre-
diction that the stock we are Bell-
ing at present for $5.00 per share,
will be worth ten times this
amount before December.
Let us send you the report of the
Fuel Committee of the Manufac-
turers' and Producers' Association,
and other printed matter from dis-
interested parties, and see if we
can't interest you in our enterprise.
Agents in nearly all principal cities
in California.
American Oil & Refinery Co.
ROOMS 322 & 323 PARROTT BLD.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Agents: O'ROURKB Jfc
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.WHEELER'S CANDIDACY DEVELOPING
GREAT STRENGTH ON THE COAST
Commercial Organiza
tions Rally in
Line With Una-
nimity.
Congressmzn and Others
Request the President
to Consider Needs
of Commerce.
THE events of yesterday left no
chance for doubt that the choice of
the business men of the Pacific
Coast for Interstate Commerce
Commissioner Is William R. Wheeler of
this city. Dispatches were received from
the Portland Chamber of Commerce, the
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce and
the Pacific Coast Retail Hardware Asso
ciation indorsing Mr. Wheeler. Assurance
of similar action to be taken by other
commercial organizations was also re
ceived, among these being the Merchants'
and Manufacturers' Association of L<os
Angeles. The commercial organizations
of San Francisco wheeled solidly Into ill c
for Wheeler— the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce, the San Francisco Board of
Trade, the Manufacturers' and Producers' i
Association and the Merchants" Associa- I
tion. In addition to these manifestations j
there were others of no less significance. i
Prominent citizens were busied during
ilia day to make it clear that Mr.
Wheeier Is the choice of the entire coast
nnd to get that knowledge to President
McKliiley, who has the appointing: power.
One of the features of the campaign In
behalf of the business men's candidate
was a conference between representatives
of the Pacinc Coast Jobbers" and Manu
facturers' Association and leading offi
cials of the Southern Pacific Company.
The railroad company has favored the
appointment of General N. P. Chipman
to the place left vacant by the resignation
of Commissioner Caihoun. The repre
sentatives of the Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association did not in their in
terview ask the Southern Pacific officials
tv withdraw the name of General Chip
man. Indeed, H. E. Huntington and Mr.
Stubbs. who represented the Southern Pa
cific Company, Implied that they had no
ADVERTISEMENTS.
bifiSBBaBBSBBaSEHaBBBH
«S- £3
§ Free Tickets I
EH H
13 TO THE m
S g
&\ a OH
| Orpheam I j
§ * S3
Si q
§ BUT TOUR B
I Lenox and j
f Ivory Soap 1
2 SAVE TOUR WRAPPERS AND H
■ GET FREE TICKETS TO THE B
■ ORPHEUM. M
1 The Johnson=locke 1
1 Mercantile Co., ■
9 204 FRONT STREET, q
M
£j SAN FRAXCISCO. i 3
m Will Exchange for !>>nox anil Ivory !
q Soap Wrappers " ■
M FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM ■
S UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- 13
a prnoxs: ' tz
His
M If Tou Want a ilc Reserved Seat ■
E J ' ' r -r.a 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP Si
13 Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ™
BS Or c!f» send lo Vv'ranpers of "-''X ™
SI SOAP and C Wrappers of IVORY SOAP 1
la If You Want a 50c Reserved Seat 9
■ Rend CO Wrappers of LENOX SOAP ■
m Or 24 W' mr-pers of IVORY SOAP S
m Or «>lse s«nfl 2:> Wrapper? of LENOX 5
■■ SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ■
8888888888888888888888
Dr. R L. Walsh,
hi - «• 1" vraisn,
Z&ZZ^lJt^ Bli% GEART ST.. bet,
il^ a:S ***!Bsb\ Hyde and Larkln.
IJgr ''f^SSrSSs&^j Palnles* Extraction..
(fff «• „ rf"^Tr 0 )
"N ' T. 1(tli >^ • Fleßh-color^ Mates.
>i- J .T- 1?-^^- " <r».oii
Continuous Gum Plates (no bat! Joints) our
rpecUlty. Have' received TEN Brat prizes for
{his branch of dentistry. No «tud«at*. li
> emra' «x(>«rl«nc«.
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
KiNV AM' WASHINGTON :-..-.-RE-
modeleJ and renovated. KING. WARD A
«O. European plan. Rooms. We to $1 50 day;
ft to IS week; $S to $3C month. Free baths; hot
tnd cold water every room; lire grates In every
loom; elevator runs ail nlerht. '- -; -v
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
842 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND RAriOXEftT
COAL. COKR AND I'lO IRON. .:
I f WII SAY £ ffl Battery Street!
J L- n IL 311:1 (I \*\)-f Telephone Main ISM.
COPPBHSMITH.
JOSEPTT FOX. Eupt. 11. BLTTn. mst.
Cf CtirTH Ship Plumbinp. Steamboat
• TT- Dull I lit and Ship Work a Specialty. II
i :id 18 Washington «t. Telephone Main 66<L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TiC DAVCC X- Ci\ Shipping Butchers. tW
JAb Dl)lEJtttU> Clay. Tel Main 1334.
FURS.
JK I fICCTin 14 Koa-ny it., up«T«ir«. Latei'
. It. LUrjIAU, , < y| e , i !o%ve«t prlcej, 'ernode'ing
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, X. a A &£Zi
Ft Cat. ocs of Every Description Utu) to
Order. Tel. Black IMS.
PAPER DEALER 3.
Till I AMPTTF PUI«P AND PAPER CO.
HILLAniCIIL 722 Montgomery street.
THE BKITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER TeJC?R\
USED EVERTWHERE. A%S«»W
Get Catalog-tie. S?a£-££j£)
We Rent Typewriters. iS^lßirß-
L. & *.. ALEXANDER Cc CO., JBIS^k
110 Montgomery St.
PRINTING
r C HIIfiRF? PRINTER.
F. v niUncJi 611 Fannome «t.. S. F.
STATIONER | AND PRINTER
Te^raphto _PA»TRIDGE » gOtftniU
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL.- & ne La&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. ct its GREEN
J'.IVER COLLIERIES. s the Beit Ccal .in tb«
MarV«t. Or lice and Taxd*— 4so Main street.
MERCHANTS TELL HUNTINGTON THEY WANT WHEELER
f\ DELEGATION from the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers* As
*» elation called yesterday at the Southern Pacific offices to confer with
representatives of the railroad concerning the securing of a coast represen
tative on the Interstate Commerce Commission.
knowledge that the company had for
warded chtpman's candidacy. What the
business men accomplished was simply to
convey to the railroad people the fact
that the business Interests of the coast
regarded the appointment of Mr. Wheeler
bs necessary. There were ro threats, no
high words, nothing sensatlonaJ.
When the conference clost^d the railroad
peoplo had two facts to think over. One
was that the merchants and manufactur
ers desired that Mr. Wheeler should be
the candidate to represent the Pacific
Coast; the other was that the request
DE VRIES FAVORS WHEELER.
STOCKTON, Cal., Oct. 37, 1899.
To the President, Washington, D. C. :
I beg to respectftlly recommend Wil_
liamß. Wheeler of San Francisco, Cal., as
a member of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission and urge his appointment to fill
present vacancy. MARION DE VRIES,
M. C. Second Cal. District.
i came from representatives of the rail- |
I road Qompany's largest patrons— practi- :
cally every large commercial and manu
facturing establishment on the Pacific !
Coast from San Diego to I'ugt-t Sound.
The merchants who attended the con
ference in the. Southern Pacific offices
positively refused to be interviewed con
cerning the happenings at what must be |
considered a Historical meeting, consid- j
ering all the circumstances. One ot the
merchants said this much:
"We simply urged upon Mr. Hunting
ton and Mr. Stubus that It was desirable
that the Pacinc Coast should be repre
sented upon the Interstate Commerce !
j Commission, and that this couid not be
i effected unless there Is a united support
of some candidate. We bad received a
sufficient number of assurances, by wire i
and by letter, to be aole to Bay tnat all
commercial centers on the coast were
united in advocacy of the appointment of
Mr. Wheeler. We did not go to the con- J
ference with any hostile feeling, and the
discussion was amicable ana friendly
throughout. There were no negotiations
for the withdrawal of the name cf Gen
eral Chipman. No promises wore asked
for. nor were any made. We had no ne
gotiations to inaugurate, for that would
nave tveen unseemiy. We expressed our
wishes and came away."
The Call sent out instructions to its |
correspondents in the interior to inter
view members of the California Congres- J
sional delegation. Congressman Barnaul
is out of tne State. Congressman Need- j
ham had already telegraphed a recom- :
mendation to President McKlnley in fa- I
vor of Mr. Wheeler. Congressman de j
Yries had also telegraphed to the Presi
dent recommending the appointment of
Wheeler. Congressman Waters said that ]
the California delegation would probably •
be a unit, and mat no opposition to
Wheeler was manifested, lie was not
opposed to Wheeler.
The dispatches received from the Inte- j
rior are as follows:
STOCKTON. Oct. -' -C rumssmsn Marion :
de Vries to-day added his indorsement to the ;
movement in favor of the appointment of Wil
liam R. Wheeler to the vacancy on the Inter- |
state Commerce Commission. As the sale Dem- \
ocratic Congressman from California his sup
port gives additional weight In that it chows
that Uie business interests of the Pacific Coast
are acting with unanimity In urging Mr.
Wheelf-r'u appointment at the nan*)* »l the
President. Mr. de Vrl«B sent the following tele
gram to-day to President McKlnley:
"STOCKTON, Oct. 27. 1833.
■•To the President. Washington, V. C— l bey
to respectfully recommend William R. Wheeler i
of B*n Francisco. Cal., as a member of the |
Interstate Commerce Commission and urge his
appointment to till present vacancy.
■'MARION DE VRIES,
"Member Congress, Second Cal. District."
Mr de Vriea said in a conversation on the
matter: "This '.» a move that the entire Pa- I
cific Coast should unite upon without local or j
party considerations. I have therefore Joined
the movement and have telegraphed ray recom
mendation of Mr. Wheeier to the President.
The appointment should come to this coast
and I am hopeful that the strong appeal In be
half of Mr. Wheeler will secure it. The grow- j
ing business of the coast entitles us to repre
sentation on the commission. I am gratified
at the unanimity in which th<» representative
bodies have moved in this matter. It Is the
propar way to work."
LOS ANGELES, Oct. Congressman Waters
says: "I have known Mr. Wheeler for a lons
tlma. I have no candidate and am not opposed
to Mr. Wheeler. Before fully acting 1 am j
awaltlner a letter from Senator Perkins, te
whom 1 have written regarding his wishes and
preferences. As far as 1 can Bee the California j
delegation will be a unit upon the selection
from the const and that no opposition to Mr.
Wheeler is manifested."
MODESTO, Oct. 2".— Congressman Needham ■
will support Wheeler. He has telegraphed his j
recommendation to President McKlnley.
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— Congressman Metcalf '
was seen some time- ago by friends of General
Cbipman and sent Indorsement of Chipman to :
President McKlnley, but Is willing to stand In j
with the State delegation If Wheeler shows
more strength than Chipman.
Senator Perkins and Congressman Loud
have declared that they had no preference
and suggested that a meeting of all the
representatives from the Pacific Coast
States be held and a candidate agreed
upon. Congressman Kahn Is pledged for
General Chipman. The following inter- ,
views were had in this city yesterday:
SENATOR PERKINS — I have not
thought of the Individual whom I should
nominate for a position on the Commis
sion of Interstate Commerce. First, let us
be sure that the President will, fill the va
■ cancy by appointing a Pacific Coast man.
I telegraphed him some time ago asking for
a Western man to be placed In the vacant
position, but have not received an answer,
It Is by no means a surety that the Presi
dent will appoint a coast representative.
My opinion Is that we, the. representatives i :
of the West, meet as a delegation and select
a representative. If we are harmonized I
think the President will conform to the re
queetr, of the Western States.
JULIUS KAHN— I sent a telegram to the
President when I learned from Mr. Scott,
president of the Chamber of Commerce, that
the West would receive the appointment to
the vacant position on the commission. I
had no choice at the time, but some few
■ day- after while in the Union League Club
I met Mr Chipman and he told me he was a j
candidate for the position. As he Is an
old friend of mine, and not knowing any
other men were in the field, I pledged him
mv influence and my support. As long as
he is out for the position I feel In honor i
bound to work for his selection.
F W DOHRMANN— On the ground of a i
generally expressed desire that a merchant
Should represent a commercial community :
on this coast, and without prejudice to other :
candidates, who I understand are very es- ;
timable gentlemen, my preference Is W. R. ;
W heeler '
LOUIS SLOSS— My choice for the office Is :
Mr Wheeler, because he is a man who has ;
b»en rained In that business; because he Is ;
a member of one of the most prominent and ;
reputable houses in the State, and Is In ;
every way qualified for the position; be- .
cause he has had experience In that line of '
business and does not want It for political j :
THE SAS FEAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1599.
preferment nor to satisfy a political ambi
tion, but who will accept It for the good he
can do for the coast.
CHARLES HOLBROOK— Mr. Wheeler t*
my choice for the reason that ho la familiar
with the transportation question and those
underlying principles that control transpor
tation and all questions that would natur
ally come before a commission. His prac
tical experience in business and especially
In rate-making for railroads on this coast
would be of treat value to tho merchants.
He Is a man of a Judicial temperament and
legal cast of mind, and would be able to In
vestigate all these questions with care and
entire freedom from bias and Influences that
would be acalnst the public Interest. Ha Is
thoroughly familiar with the business from
San Dleco to British Columbia, and has
appeared before the railroad officials in
making up tariffs and has given time and
study to the question. We think he would
be much better than a lawyer or politician,
who would not have the necessary experi
ence In these matters. Furthermore, he Is
the choice of the entire business community
from Seattle to San Diego. The merchants
of the north Informed us that their delega
tion In Congress would support Mr. Wheeler
If he were Indorsed by us. There are many
BOARD OF TRADE IN LINE.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal. ,
October 27, 1899.
To the President, Washington, D. C.
Board of Trade of San Francisco earn
estly requests the appointment of William
R. Wheeler of San Francisco as Interstate
Commerce Commissioner. He has been in
dorsed by all commercial organizations cf
the Pacific Coast. He is eminently quali
fied and fitted by experience to discharge
the duties of the office. The merchants
and shippers appeal to you to recognize
their interests.
A. A. WATKINS, President.
K. L. SMITH, Secretary.
other reasons, but chief among them are
those I have given you. Mr. Wheeler should
be err iint>>d.
HUGO ROTHSCHILD-My choice for In
terstate Commerce Commissioner is W. R.
Wheeler. We want a man who is acquaint
ed with the wants of the Pacific Coast, who
knows the commercial conditions, and I
therefore think Mr. Wheeler Is worthy of
the trust. His good qualities and fltneos for
the position have already been expressed In
speeches at the Chamber of Commerce. .
GEORGE H. TAT— I think Mr. Wheeler
Ii the best-fitted among the merchants of
this city to nil th» position of Interstate
Commerce Commissioner. Bit work In our
association has been on traffic almost, en
tirely, and In my opinion he is in every
way capable of fulfilling the arduous duties
of the ofilce and to the entire satisfaction
of the merchants of the coast.
WILLIAM HAAS— My choice, first, last
and all the time, Is W. R. Wheeler. He Is
the man of all others who can fill the bill
satisfactorily to all concerned and who will
be especially qualified to do Justice to all
Interests concerned on the Pacific Coast.
EDWARD POND— Mr. Wheeler Is emi
nently qualified to fill the office, and I would
rather tee him of all others chosen to the
position. He has devoted Mr attention to a
study of the traffic question and Is the only
one amon* the merchants who is familiar
with the Intricate questions that come be
fore sue!: a commission. i earnestly hope
he will receive the appointment, as he will
satisfy all merchants.
THE ELECTION OF HORACE DAVIS.
The adoption of the charter liberated San Francisco from the
domination of the State Legislature.
Stratton's primary law destroyed the supremacy of boss meth
ods and gave the people an opportunity to freely express their opin
ion at the primaries.
The election of Horace Davis will be a guarantee that the
charter will be wisely interpreted and Impartially administered,
and a wise selection of commissioners made.
Horace Davis' liberal education and wide experience as sailor,
miller, Congressman and educator have so tempered his judgment
and controlled his ambition as to utterly prevent the use of disrep
utable methods, either openly or privately, to advance himself.
The appointment of the members of the various committees
under the new charter not only requires a man such as Mr. Davis,
but also calls for a vast experience in business and everyday af
fairs to enable him to correctly appoint men suitable to fill these po
sitions, nnd that knowledge can only be obtained by long experi
ence, which Mr. Davis has had.
Mr. Davis' life long devotion to the public school system is an
unimpeachable guarantee that this commission so important and
dear to the people of San Francisco will be non-partisan and non
sectarian, and composed of the very ablest educators.
Every Republican owes it to his party, his State, his city, to
cast his vote for the Republican nominees, at this the most import
ant city election ever had in San Francisco.
E. R. LJLIEKTHAL— As I am one of the
executive committee of the Pacific Coast
Jobber?' and Manufacturers'' Association,
my choice, a* nlso that of the other members
of the committee, Is W. R. Wheeler. First,
because the merchants are entitled to a man
who understands commercial propositions,
and for the additional reason that the Re
publican party and the administration
should give California merchants their se
lection for the position, because the mer
chants of this State saved it for the party
at the last Presidential election.
Claus Spreckels yesterday sent the fol
lowing dispatch to President McKinley:
BAN FRANCISCO. Oct. tl. 18S9.
To the President, Executive Mansion, Wash
ington, D. C— The Pacific Coast Jobbers' and
Manufacturers' Association, an organisation of
the large mercantile interests of California
Washington and Oregon, In convention In th.s
city, has unanimously Indorsed William R
Wheeler for the VHcancy In the Interstate Com
merce Commission. Petition? are being pre
pared to be forwarded to you. Please awa::
their reception before taking action. I think
the Pacific Coast entitled to this recognition.
CLAUS SPRECKELS.
The San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce sent a letter to the headquarters of
the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manufac
turers' Association yesterday, Blgned by
Secretary Bcott, which waa as follows;
I take great pleasure In Informing you that
we yesterday telegraphed to the President In
Washington as follows : ,
"We take great pleasure In Joining with
other commercial ■■ bodies of the Pacific Coast
in respectfully requesting you to appoint Wil
liam R. Wheeler of this city to the vacancy
in the Interstate Commerce Commission, be
lieving him to be eminently qualified for the
position from his experience in traffic and
study of transportation."
We also sent the following telegram to each
member of the California delegation at their
home address:
"We have telegraphed to the President In
Washington requesting him to appoint William
R. Wheeler of this city to vacancy In Inter
state Commerce Commission, and respectfully
ask your assistance for his appointment, be
lieving him to be eminently qualified for the
position."
Also notified the Chamber of Commerce of
Portland of our action.
Other dispatches have been sent to
Washington by coast commercial organi
zations In favor of Mr. Wheeler. The
following dispatch was received yester
day telling of the action of the Portland
Chamber of Commerce:
"Our chamber yesterday wired the
President urging Wheeler's appointment
strongly and strongly Indorsing him."
This was signed by George Taylor Jr.,
vice president of the chamber.
Significant action was taken by the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion of this city. That organization some
time since petitioned the California Con
gressional delegation to recommend to
President McKinley the appointment of
General Chlpman. Yesterday the follow
ing wan sent to the California delegation,
signed by A. Sbarboro, president of the
association:
Some time a*:© we petitioned your delegation
to recommend to the President, William Me-
Klnley, the Appointment of N. P. Chlpman
to the vacancy In the Interstate Commerce
Commission. At that time we were not aware
that W. R. Wheeler was a candidate for this
position, and we now wish to Indorse him,
as In our Judgment Mr. Wheeler Is peculiarly
fitted to fill this office, owing to his experience
in traffic matters, and th* deep study he has
made of this subject, and that he has the
unanimous Indorsement of all the leading Job
bers and manufacturers of the entire Pacific
Coast who want a trained business man to
represent this section. We respectfully ask
thnt your delegation Indorse W. R. Wheeler
as a candidate for Interstate Commerce Cora
m's« loner.
Not less significant was a dispatch sent
to President McKinley by the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade, of which the follow
ing is a copy:
To th* President. Washington, D. C— Board
of Trade of San Francisco earnestly requests
the appointment of William R. Wheeler of San
Francisco as Interstate Commerce Commis
sioner. He has been Indorsed by all commer
cial organizations of th* Pacific Coast. He is
eminently qualified and fitted by experience to
discharge the duties of the office.' The mer
chants and shippers appeal to you to recognize
their interests. A. A. W ATKINS, President.
H. I* SMITH, Secretary.
The Merchants' Association adopted
resolutions Indorsing Mr. Wheeler yes-
terday. This was the first Indorsement
ever given to a candidate for a political
position by the association and was called
forth only by the realization that the
coast needs a business man as Interstate
Commerce Commissioner.
The same exceptional ■ occurrence
marked the action of the IjOs Angeles
Chamber of Commerce. A dispatch was
received from A. B. Cass bringing the
news that the chamber had indorsed Mr.
Wheeler.
"Allow mo to say," telegraphed Mr.
Cass, "that Mr. Wheeler has the honor
of being the first man ever Indorsed by
the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
for any public position."
News was received also that Senator
Carter of Montana has Indorsed the busi
ness men'? candidate for Commissioner.
The sentiment of the Oregon business
men was Indicated in an article In the
Portland Oreßonian of last Wednesday, of
which the following Is an extract:
Important as the traffic Is it Is perhaps
not more so than the action taken with ref
erence to securing a Pacific Coast man on the
Interstate Commerce Commission as the suc
cessor of W. J. Calhoun, who ha« lately re
signed. Th« name of William R. Wheeler of
Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson woa presented to
the convention and received the unanimous
support of the delegates from all parts of th«
coast. Probably there Is no man on the Pacific
Cowt to-day better equipped, by reason not
■nly of a knowledge of the details of traffic
but al?o by a thorough understand
ing of Its underlying principles, than Mr.
Since the beginning of this move
ment on the part of the Jobbing centers of th<
Middle West to Invade the territory of the
i'ncific Coast Mr. Wheeler has been closely
identified with the action taken by the coast
to protect Its Interests. As chairman of the
traffic committee of the Pacific Coast Hani
ware and Metal Association he has had charge
i( the Interests of that Important line of trade
at the meeting of the Transcontinental Traffic
H'ircau at Monterey, Ca!., In February, I S9S ;
•t-aln at Milwaukee In the same year, and still
uter at St. Paul in May of the present year,
■vhere the Pacific Coast Jobbers appeared be
:"»re the traffic managers of the Northern Pa
'.?.c and the Great Northern railroads, at which
time the argument covering the contention of
:ha coast Jobbers presented by Mr. Wheeler
was one which called forth the wannest praise,
not only from the business community, but
from the traffic managers of many of the
transcontinental raliroads.
The delegates from Washington, Oregon and
California were unanimous In their
support of Mr. Wheeler, who was no more the
choice of San Francisco than of the other sec
tions of the coast. It Is absolutely necessary
to the Interests of the coast that a member of
the Interstate Commerce Commission be from
the Pacific Slope. At present the Commission
consists of one man from New York, one from
Vermont, one from Georgia, one from lowa,
with a vacancy caused by the resignation of
Mr. Calh'>un of Illinois. The member from
New York, without any special effort on hl«
fart, would naturally represent the Interests
ot the New England and Middle State*. The
came Is true of the representatives of other
factions, while the Pacific Coast, which In a
large measure Is an unknown country as far
as Its Interests are concerned, to the Easter*
people. Is without a representutlve. The people
of the const do not want a politician; they
want a business man who has not only a
knowledge of the details and principles of
traffic, but Is also familiar with the necessi
ties of the coast. Their choice has fallen upon
such a man, and the unanimous Indorsement
of go representative a body of men as the
executive committee of the Pacific Coast Job
bers' and Manufacturers' Association Is cer
tainly entitled to consideration.
These are some of the indications of the
earnest work of the commercial organi
zations and of Individual business men In
the matter of having a representative on
the Interstate Commerce Commission wh>
is by training:, experience and ability
qualified for the position. At no time In
the history of the Pacific Coast has there
been such unity. The business men of
Washington and Oregon are ready to do
all they can for the California gentleman
who has been nominated for the Commis
slonershlp. and all State jealousies are set
completely aside. The interest will now
center largely upon the actions of the
California Congressional delegation.
Following: are Interviews obtained
among local business men yesterday:
UNITED FOR WHEELER.
Recommendation of Merchants for
Interstate Commerce Commis
sioner.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Merchants' Association yesterday the fol
lowing telegram was ordered sent to
President McKlnley:
The Merchants' Association, comprising:
over one thousand members, concurs in tha
recommendations of other commercial or
ganizations on the Pacifr Coast In indors
ing William R. Wheeler for the vacancy
on the Interstate Commerce Commission.
Regarding the issuance of municipal
bonds for the construction of school build
ings a special committee consisting of
Directors Symmes, Watt and Sherwood
was appointed to confer with the Board
of Education.
Tn<* boird decided to hold the annual
dinner of the association during themonth
of November and the committee on pub
licity and promotion was given charge of
the matter with full power to act. It is
expected that tills dinner will be an event
In the history of the association.
The following twenty-one parties were
elected as regular members of the asso
ciation, making a total membership of LOOT
business fitn-.s: William O. Bacon, Charles
Bliss, Jaoob Brandt, B. & J. S. Ooe, El
linghouse & Mott, El Monte Pharmacy,
Jersey Farm Company, Richard C. Jones j
& Co., Ad Kocour, JLechfon Bros., Roger
D. Biagve, Martin, Feusler & Mc-
I'farmnn & Co., Otis, McAllister & Co.,
Pacific Electric Belt and Truss Company,
Daniel Sheerin & Sons. Stirling- .furniture
Company, Stuetzel & Richardson, Dtlca
Cleansing Compound Company, L. P. F.
Waller and Carlos G. Young.
Funeral of Mrs. Gately.
The funeral of Mrs. Alice Gately, wife
of Deputy Coroner John F. Gately, took
place yesterday morning from St. Francis
Church, where a solemn high requiem
mass was celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Father Caraher officiated. Th» In
terment was in St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak
land. The floral offerings at the funeral
were many and handsome. One, repre
senting "Gates Ajar," was sent by the
employes of the Coroner's office; a broken
wheel was sent by Coroner Hill and mem
bers of the Fire Department sent a beau
tiful floral anchor. The pallbearers were:
P. J. McCormick, John Flanagan, John
O'Brien, James Nelson, Alfred Vlontine
and John J. Milliard.
Passing of the Horse.
So soon as nature sees an improvement there
is a chang*. The candle gave way to elec
tricity. The spinning wheel to machinery, the
horse to the automobile. The fact that Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters has been sold for over
half a century proves Its value. There Is noth
ing to equal It lor stomach or liver trouble.
It Is Nature's own remedy, and the only one
to cure dyspepsia or weak stomach.
fH H FFsk 4t% albert
I ipP HOEFLICH
': ( . 9 «j^^ Manufacturer,
Telephone
- GREEN 325.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Matinee To Day and Sunday.
I EVERY NIGHT AT 8. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
THE TALK OF THE CENTURY!
EXTRAORDINARY SCENERY!
Costumes made especially for this presentation.
CHDTES_AND ZOO.
TO-DAY-CHILDREN'S DAY !
CONCESSIONS FREE BEFORE 2:30 P. M.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
"MAJOR TWITE"
(Smallest Actor on Earth.)
ADGIE and HER LIONS, High Diver, -£
' AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT- !
Reproduction of the last round
of the Corbett-Fltzsimmons fight
in conjunction with the Jeffries-
Fitzsimmons and Palmer- McGov-
ern contests. '.'
Phone for Seats, Park 33.
CONCERTS AND BESO&TS.
VALENTINE ABT,
The World Famous Mandollnlst,
IN TWO RECITALS AND SOCIALS
IN GOLDEN GATE HALL,
C 2. r . Sutter Street,
WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY, NOV. 1 and 4.
Tickets. EOc and 75c. On sale at Kohler &
Chase' 8, 2* O'Farrell street.
MR. ABT uses • the Washburn mandolin,
which alone is proof of its high merits, as MR.
ABT Is its greatest living exponent. KOHLER
& CHASE, sole agents for Pacific Coast.
OPEN FROM I UNTIL 12 P. M.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
la now the funniest resort in America., Coney
Island transferred . to San Francisco to make
every one laugh; everything new and novel.
Pronounced by thousands to be the real thing.
PROFESSOR HILL, King of the Wire, is a
wonder. .
Admission to all attractions 'and ride. 10c.
HANDSOME PRESENTS FOR ALL.
MELANCHOLIA
A DISORDERED LIVER CAUSES SAD THOUGHTS. WHEN
THE NERVES ARE OVERSTRAINED BY WORK OR CARE
THE LIVER, STOMACH, KIDNEYS, IMMEDIATELY BECOME
WEAKENED IN THEIR ACTION AND THE BODY IS MADE
FOUL AND UNHEALTHY WITH IMPURE BLOOD AND BILE.
Paine's '
" Compound
FOR THE
Liver, Stomach, Kidneys,
THE WORLD'S REMEDY for Disease; re-
stores these great nerve centers to healthy
action. The blood is made clean, rich and in
full quantity. Muscle tissues are nourished,
invigorated, and the body is healthy. Imme-
diate relief is given to the Melancholy.
Mrs. Jennie H. Steele, Vaughns, Ga., writes: "I have suffered
for ten years with what the doctors call neuralgia of the liver, and
never had any relief, from the doctor's medicine or anything else,
until I began using Paine's Celery Compound. I have taken about
three bottles and have not suffered any since I first began to take it.
"I feel that it has saved my life, and hope all who suffer as I
have will give Paine's Celery Compound a fair trial."
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIfORNI ATER
TO-DAY AT 2:15. TO-NIGHT AT 8:15
TO-MORROW. Sunday. AFTERNOON at 2:16,
LAST TIMES.
"A BREACH OF PROMISE"
A. - , ♦
I EVENINB3-76e. 50c, 25e | MATINEES— SOb, 26« |
♦
"T , I SUNDAY
Commencing I
I NIuHT ,
BROWN'S
f"L , ISDNDAY
Commencing!
| NIGHT,
BROWNS
IN I SEE * I
TOWN.
teMwto^ 3 — —
COLUMBIA
MATINEE TO-DAT TBe— «oo— 2Bc
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
HOTT-S Most Celebrated Farce.
A Milk White Flag
Rftg SUNDAY The p °p v| ««*
DDg. OUnUHI, Comedian*.
MATHEWS AND BULGER,
In the Latest Revision of
"By the SadjSea Waves."
Special Comedy Season Prices, $1, 75c. Mo, 25c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAT AT 8.
Last Times To-Night and Sunday Evening.
Offenbach' 8 Great Comic Opera,
"La Belle Helens."
The Most Delightful Production In Tears!'.
Every One in Town Talking About It.!
Next Monday Evening, Meyerbeer's Great
Tragic Grand Opera,
"L'AFRICAINC."
Avedano, Salassa, Wanrell. Anna Llehter, Ada
. ■Walker, etc.
Four Performances of "THE BOHEMIAN
GIRT.."
POPULAR PRICES 2r,c and 50c
Telephone for Seats. Bush 9.
DEUTSGHES THEATER
> % (Comedy Theater, ; Bush street.) .
SUNDAY EVENING,. Oct. 29, 1599.
First Time In America,
JEDEM DAS SEINE.
SUPERB CAST, APPOINTMENTS and MISE-
... ■ .-. ■ .",. EN-SCENE. - ■
Box office now open. i
Telephone Main 1706. [
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 612.
MATINEE TO-DAT AT 2:15 O'CLOCK.
ADVANCE CALIFORNIA.
Genuine and Unanimously Conceded Triumph
of H. J. Stewart's and Clay M. Greene'*
Comic Opera,
rp-pq--p-i
CONSPIRATORS !
Which Will Be Presented Every Evening Till
Further Notice.
A FORMIDABLE RIVAL TO
"ROBIN HOOD."
POPULAR PRICES— SOc, 35e, 25c, 15c and lOe.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
THE BEST SHOW EN TOWN.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), OCT. 28.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON,
MISS ADELE FRANCIS and GEO. FARREN.
MISS LAURA BURT, SADA, VINIE DE-
WITT. WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMLVNS
MLLE. ERNA'S TRICK AND MUSICAL
DOGS.
— L—O— T— T— Y—
The Sensation of the Season
TOM BROWN, THE FLORENZ TROUPE.
THE DOGS AND MONKEYS Will Pleaae the
Children.
BASEBALL!
SAN FRANCISCO
vs.
SANTA CRUZ
TO-DA V AT 3 F*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 f. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
Ladies Admitted Free to Grand Stand.
RACING! RACING! RACINGI
1899- CALIFORNIA JOCKE7 CLUB-1900
Winter .Meeting, beginning SA i'LKDAi'. Sep-
tember 22. 18S9.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK,
Radns Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or chine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-brats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with Sni Pablo avenue
cars at Fourlf-enth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains >aye the track at 4:15 and
1:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WII.UAMS JR.. President.
\ R. B. IIILROY. Secretary.
78
RACING FOOT BALL COURSING
OAKLAND GOLFERS
ARE BEING COACHED
FOR MATCH PLAY
Tournament for Professional
Golf Championship of Cali
fornia in Prospect.
The fourth fortnightly tournament of
San Rafael Golf Club, which was
postponed from the 21st inst. on account
of the rainy weather, will take place to-
There will be two principal events—
a men's eighteen-hole handicap, medal
I lay. and a ladles' nine-hole handicap.
Next Saturday, .November 4, the fifth of
Fortnightly tournaments will take
Play for the ladies begins at ]i>
a m.. and for the men at 2:30 p. m.
Last Saturday, despite the heavy rain
which had fallen on the previous day
the occasional showers, four ladies
who had qualified for the ladies' cup tour
l on the links •<:' the Oakland ■; >lf
club, played the Brat round of that con-
Mrs. II 11. Sherwood played scratch,
:' \'. Bowles received a handicap <•{'
I, while Mrs. W. P. Johnson and Miss
ice Dunham had handicaps of 9.
Mr-. II li Mrs. John
son three .;> to two play and Miss Dun
ham beat Mrs. p. K. Bowles three tip to
lay. The final round was between
Mrs. Sherwood and Miss Dunham.
!. 1\ *Ilui>hard performed the unusual |
and remarkable feat of making the sec- |
oml hole— Gully— ln a single stroke. The j
hole is ii>i yards, and though the actual
holing out in one Is a, matter of luck it at :
res a good and accurate drive.
Walter Cosby of the Los Angeles Country
<'iub tias made one of the tioies on the;
iii, a links in one stroke, but)
holes oui of the nine are under
200 yards, wherea-s on the Oakland links
only four out ol eighteen are less than
rds in length. So. ovher things being !
equal, the event is only half as. likely to
happen on the Oakland course as on the,
Santa Catalina links.
This afternoon there will be an open
b competition, eighteen holes, medal
; for silver trophies, on the Oakland ■
links. Tlie Oakland golfers have now
plenty of expert coaching available, for I
[onday Willie Anderson, the noted
gsional. arrived at Oakland, in com
pany with S. liawltngs. who has a high ,
reputation as a golf expert. Anderson an<i ;
Rawlings are out constantly on the links i
and will shortly suggest some improve- i
in the course, with which both jf
are much pleased. There are so !
man) demands on the time of both the i
1 1 the member.- of the club who
wish to avail themselves of the services
Of either of them will rind it necessary to
make engagements beforehand. After,
■ r\n up their play by the instructions
of these experts the Uaklanders hope to
idy to hoh] their own in the home
and-1 ...•> to be p Mist a
team of players from the San Francisco
■ Hub.
The Oakland '*>lf Club proposes to offer
a purse for professional golfers, of whom
there are now several in. the State. David
enson. Ban Francisco Golf Club; T
"W. Tetley, San Rafael Golf «'lub; William
;son. who has bevn at Santa Monica
during the summer and will spend the
■ at Riverside; Alexander Smith,
brother ol the Wlli Smith who recently
yon the open championship of the West
i.t Glen View, near Chicago, who is at
Banta Catalina; and Watson, instructor
on the link.- of the Hotel Green at Pasa-
Ali these are available for a pro
fessional tournament. Possibly the pro
fessionals oi the Waverly Golf Club at
Portland and of the Tacoma Golf Club !
might also be attracted by the event
The series of home-and-home matches
to be arranged between the San Francisco '
«nd Oakland Golf Clubs will probably con- '
■ f ttve games, two of which will be
played on the Oakland links and two un
San Francisco dub's course. Prob
ably the total number of holes scored by
teams will be reckoned Instead of
counting the matches, as was done last i
season.
A meeting -was recently held at the
First National Bank, San Jose, at which
twenty citizens of that town stated that
they were willing to become guarantee
members ol' the golf club to be formed
und to pay .*:><> into the fund for its foun- '
datlon. Half of the sum named Is to be
paid as soon as certain articles prepared
by Judge Lewis have been signed by
twenty persons, and the remaining half
<»n or before April 17. ]<«x>. After twenty '
tibers have been secured the guar- !
will bold a meeting, at which by
laws will tie adopted and a council of live '
; to manage the business of the '
Hub. the name of which will bf> the Linda
Vista Golf Club of San Jose. Judge Lewis '
Ralph Eiersey and A. c. Kuhn were an- !
pointed a committee to frame by-laws.
The entrance fees will probably be $10 for
men and $f> for women; dues for men $1
and for women 50 cents.
FIRST OF THE BIG FOOTBALL GAMES OF THE SEASON.
WITH weekly jumps ihe football
season is rapidly aproaching its
climax, the Thanksgiving game,
that great contest when collegians
Bight of everything else on earth.
This afternoon there will be an Intercol
legiate Struggle on the gridiron, but It
■will be confined to the freshmen classes.
The first football game between the
freshmen Of the universities wrjj played
in the <arly part of December, 1894, and
was a California victory. Since that time |
the games have gone from one side to the
other, the result being, usually. Just what
was not anticipated. The absolute uncer
tainty Of all freshmen games has been
th.jr chief feature and thHr most inter
i silng aspect. Two years ago the blue
and gold was on the books to win with
out the peradventuxe of a doubt. The re
bappened, and In such a way as to
bring untold chagrin to California and ln
effable Joy to Stanford. The cardinal
youngsters piled up a score that was sim
ply terrifying to the losers. Last year
rd was picked as the winner, but
the master hand of Cochran was back of
Hi" I'alifornia freshmen, and they played
;. game that was a surprise, not only to
their opponents but to California also.
For t hi- first time since the Inception of
freshman games on this coast team work
was displayed.
Judging "from form this year, the con
test to-day should be a cardinal victory.
Much enthusiasm has been displayed
QUAIL WILL SOON
DRAW THE GUNMEN
OUT TO THE FIELD
Country Cluh Men and Others
Prepare Against the Open-
Ing of the Season,
The gunmen will scum have their choice
of quail or duck shooting, the season for
the former game birds opening in the ma
jority of counties near here on Wednes
day next. Birds are said to be numerous
and more fully matured than at the open
ing of last season. They have been bet
ter protected. The best of the sport is
looked for in Marin County and other
places to the northwest.
The members of the Country Club have
royal sport in prospect for their nrst day
in the fieldJ Secretary Faymonville drove
over a portion of the club's preserves In
Marin County recently and Is authority
for the statement that birds will be found
there In abundance. The weather cona
tions have been favorable for the raising
of large broods of birds and they all look
fat and healthy. The club lias a number
of enthusiastic quail shots, who always
look forward in anticipation of good sport -
In the field. Among those who will prob
ably be out on Wednesday are: President
Mullins, Hermann Oelrlchs, F. w. Tallaht,
Fred Webster, Dr. Vowlnckel, Dr. del
Marvllle, F. W. Van Sicklen, J. Leroy !
Nickel, the brothers Tubbs and others.
They will leave on Tuesday evening in
their special car and will be in the tield
early on Wednesday.
The conditions remain unfavorable for
ducks and poor bags are still the rule.
When winter sets In in earnest the best
shooting enjoyed in years is expected.
There were few birds near Alvarado last
Sunday and small bags fell to the men
who tried the shooting.
The nominating committee of the Olym
pic Gun Club, elected last Wednesday
evening, is canvassing the material avail
able for the new board of officers. Ef
forts will be made to give all interests in
the club t epresentatlon. Some men like
duck shooting; others prefer deer or
quail,. while .still another branch prefers
the sport to be obtained at the traps.
The desire is to bring these together on
common ground and thus insure the con
tinued growth of the club. H. H. White,
L. D. Owens and A. A. Borllnl, who have '<
done yeoman duty for the club since its !
organization, are not candidates for re
election. They will turn control of the
club over to the new officers with every- :
thing in excellent condition. It is ex
pected the new directors will be chosen
from among the following: M. C. Allen,
George Walker, F. B. Surryhne Dr. --*..
T. Derby. W. A. Marshall, R. H. Dela- t
tleld, J. Homer Fritch, \V. D. McArthur
Dr. S. E. Knowles. A. M. Shields, A. Ai.
Cummings, F. Y. Bell and C. 1-. Miller.
The election, will be held November 8
and it Is not expected an opposition ticket
will be placed In the Held. •
The members of the club had fair i
sport last Sunday. Those at the Cor
delia preserve all agree, that birds were !
plentiful but hard to hit. The heavy rain
of the previous week had apparently
scattered the flocks and the birds were
Hying about high in the air. Of the I
Olympics Marshall secured 9; George
Walker and H. F. Rose 8 each; W. D. I
McArthur, 7; S. W. Costello. 5; W. F.
Foster and Titus 3. On Wednesday Al
dimming, 11. B. Hosmer, R. H. Dela
fleld and Theo Kytka were out and en
joyed good shooting.
Achille Roos was at the San Pablo
Sporting Club's preserve last Sunday,
but did not lire a shot. A $2500 levee, re- '
cently built by the members, broke !
owing to the pressure of water which
fell during the storm of the previous
week.
L, V. Merle has grown weary of pur
chasing ducks at so much per dozen and j
is preparing to shoot what he wants for j
his own use and for his friends. Under
the mentorship of "Jim" Markland he
will make his first attack on the feath
ered game next week.
Colonel R. H. Eddy of Montana Is en
joying the shooting over the Teal Club
preserve.
K. Wenzell shot at Mowrles, near Al
viso, last Sunday and secured a bag of
ten birds. "Billy" Schendel secured
twenty, while Charles Cate bagged a
tine lot of English snipe.
A. M. Shields had fair sport at the
Pringle Gun Club's preserve, near Suisun.
The Ibis and Teal Club men had no
shooting.
Frank Maskey will, open the quail sea
son in Marin County on Wednesday.
Jesse F. Ives, F. C. White, E. K. Tay
lor and other noted shots of Alameda
spent a couple of days on the marsh !
after rail. Mr. Ives spent considerable I
time telling of a bag of forty ''green
head" mallards he secured near L.os
Banos last year without a miss.
throughout the season by the Stanford i
colts and they have worked harmoniously |
with one end in view. Long before Cham- i
berlln arrived the Stanford freshmen j
organized and were playing the represen
tative elevens of the praparatory schools.
Thpir record has been pretty much of an
unbroken neries of victories, and they feel
confident that to-day's culminating bat- j
tie will not be a disappointment.
Conditions at the University of Califor
nia have been slightly different. The ma- I
terial was none of the best and the inter- j
est none too keen. Cochran, while willing ;
| to devot* as much time as could be safely
bestowed upon the freshmen, was averse
to a sacrifice of the university eleven for !
this minor representative team. As soon i
as the freshmen came together and be- ',
gan work in earnest Cochran was there, j
and a great improvement has been
wrought in their playing. The team has
lined up every day during the week on
the campus, facing the strong representa
tive eleven of the university. Cochran
and Kelly, behind the youngsters,
."teamed and perspired as they poured
football wisdom into their willing ears.
Of course, the freshmen of California are
as confident of victory us their Stanford
rivals. At any rate the team is in fine
physical condition, and will do its best
against the cardinal, whose season record
is quite a glowing one for freshmen.
The Stanford eleven will be (he
heavier of the two. Another advantage
the cardinal team possesses is organiza
tion. The eleven has been practically
playing as a team for several weeks
while it is not certain who will make up
the California eleven. The line-up of
Stanford will be us indicated; that of Cal
HIE SA:S* FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
Footbal' Play in Full Swing at the Universities.
The thud of the football and the rush of heavily padded players resound throughout the university grounds these
autumn days. This is the drudgery: later will come the honors which will he the athletes' recompense. The illustration
shows a spirited scene in the recent game between Olympic Club men and those from the University of California. The
camera caughi the players Just us the umpire sounded his whistle.
Bee Bee is one of the cracks of the Burns & Waterhouse racing stable, and is being reserved for Important stake races
La ter In the season.
Victor King represents the kennel of Gus Abercrombie on the coursing field. He Is royally bred, being by St. Clair—
Russell's Nancy, and is a dog of great promise.
SAN FRANCISCO AND
SANTA CRUZ AT PLAY
Hot Struggle for First and Third
Places hu the League
Teams.
For several weeks the San Francisco
baseball team has been threatening to
oust the Sacramentos from first place, but
while they have menaced the leaders, \
their struggles have been almost in vain. ,
They have crawled up to the heels of
Kripp's aggregation, but seem to be able
to get no farther. They had a chance to
move up a peg last week and might have ;
done so if a rainstorm had not worked |
against them, a circumstance which i
prompted Uncle Henry to remark that
even the elements seemed to be against I
him. The local team is scheduled for
five straight with Santa Cruz, and
though the Crabs have been strengthened!
by the acquisition of McCarthy and by ,
the discovery of Babbitt's ability to pitch, !
yet the Fliscos seem to feel they have a
better chance of winning a majority of
the series than the Sacramentos have of
defeating the Dudes.
An interesting feature of the series be- |
tween San Francisco and Santa Cruz at j
Recreation Park this week will be the !
reappearance of "Jack" Sheridan as the
autocrat of the diamond. He was a great
favorite in the days of the old Haight
street grounds. Sheridan Is the only man
whose decisions were always accepted
without question by the local fans. Fol
lowing is the line-up for to-day:
San Francisco. Positions. Santa Cniz.
Sullivan Catcher Morrow
Iburg Pitcher Whelan
Courtney First base Strelb
Reilly Second base McCarthy
UrockhofT Third base Devereaux
Km* Short stop Habbltt
Muller L*"ft Held Dalrymple
Pyne.... Center field Drennan '
Hildebrand Right fl*-ld Clark j
BOXER ROOT ARRIVES.
"Jack" Root, the clever middle-weight
boxer of Chicago, arrived here yesterday.
He is matched against Alex Greggains.
the men to meet before the Western Club
at Woodward's Pavilion next month.
The November boxing exhibition of the
San Francisco Athletic Club will be held
In its gymnasium on Sixth street next
Thursday night. The principal bout will
be between Mike McClure and J. Ricconi.
In the preliminaries "Kid" Johnson will
meet Joe Hart of Stockton; William Con
don will meet Joe Fredericks, while Joe
Lang will try conclusions with "Kid"
Wilson.
The club will promote a field day and
picnic at (lien Park to-morrow. There
will be various athletic competitions for
prizes and also dancing throughout the
day.
The Aloha second football team, for
merly the Horace Manns, have .organized
for the season of 1599 and wish to hear
from any 13. r )-pound team on the coast,
the Hancocks and Crockers preferred.
The line-up Is as follows: Hlnz, left end;
Hickey, left tackle; (Jreichen. left guard;
Farnum, center; Hilton, right guard; Mc-
GHH, right tackle; Laumelster, right end;
Siebe, quarter; Janssen. left naif; Irwin,
right half; Noble, full; .substitutes, Morri-
BOn and Mitchell.
ifornla will be selected from the follow
ing players: Stanford— Lee, center; Barn
hisel, right guard; Traeger, left guard;
McKadden, left tackle; Crowell, right
tackle; Davis, left end; Oeer and Luck,
right ends; Smith, left half; Narramore,
right half; Roberts, fullback, and Raitt,
quarter. California— Sabichi or Edwards,
center; Holley and Cook, guards: Fox,
Smith and Bundschu,' tackles; Dibbler
and Hudson, ends; Robertson, Saeltzer,
Gammon and Mlnni, backs, and McLaln,
quarter.
The fact that the freshmen will battle
for championship honors has not de
tracted a particle of interest in the work
of the big elevens. The week has brought
its usual quantum of improvement to the
Stanford team and not much for Cailfor
nia. Chamberlin has about settled upon
the likely candidates, though they are
not yet placed in positions. In another
week it is expected the Stanford eleven
will be organized and then the few weeks
remaining before the intercollegiate con
test will be utilized for team work. At
California Cochran and Kelly have been
engaged in hammering the big eleven
against the freshmen. So far there have
been no changes in the blue and gold
eleven, though the coaches affirm that the
team Is by no means formed and will not
be for some weeks. Whipple is recover
ing rapidly from his strained shoulder
and will be ready for active work within
a week.
The Olympic team has been resting on
its laurels of tie games, still hopeful of a
victory. On Saturday net they will meet
California, and if all the protestations in
which the Olympians indulge mean any
thing they will present a stronger front
LIGHTER AND FASTER
SKIFFS RECOMMENDED
Rowing Commissioner Hlnch
man Will Suggest Challenge
Cups for Championships.
That the recent championship regatta
at Xl Campo did not attract a larger
number of spectators is to be attributed
to the fact that it was not so extensively
advertised as former rowing events have
been and also partly to the fact that there
are now In the board of managers of the
Pacific Association several new members,
who are not yet entirely familiar with the
work of getting up regatta.s. Though the
regatta was not a financial success, the
successful contestants will receive their
prizes. j n only one event, the junior out
rigged skiff race, in which n.ere were four
contestants, will a second prize be called
for. it Is possible that at future regattas
there will 1... no Intermediate barge race.
It is an event that may well be dropped,
for it attracts few or no entries and ex
cites little interest.
At the last meeting of the Alameda
Boating Club, Al Rogers, the boat
builder, was present and considerable dis
cussion . Dsued regarding the proposed
changes in the out rigged skiff. It was de
cided that the Alameda dub would rec
ommend the standard length as I'l'^ feet
the beam being left to the discretion of
the builder. The craft is to be open and
to have at least three laps nearly equal In
width. The skiff at present in use has six
laps; the proposed boat might have a
smooth bottom if the three laps were
placed above the water-line. It was ar
gued in favor of the outrigge.d skiff that
it has been the means of bringing out
many new scullers, who would not have
ventured out in a shell, it is also said
that the shell | s not a practical boat for
ordinary oarsmen, as it is too fragile, and
clubs are chary of letting it be used by
Inexperienced men. The proposed boat
would be substantial, easily handled by
one man and suitable fur the use of be
ginners If a boat of greater length is de
sired, there is the wherry, which is 23 feet
long, while the shell i* .-50 feet in length.
Rogers believes the laps do not retard the
speed of the boat, except at the turn
and there very slightly. To some extent
they counteract rolling.
The Alameda club is strongly In favor
of having three del, gates from" each row
ng club on the regatta committee, be
lieving that the work would be better
done and the interests f oarsmen better
served than by one representative. W B
Hinchman, in his first report as Rowing
Commissioner, will suggest that each club
in the association should contribute some
small sum each month toward a fund for
the purchase of challenge cups, which
would be held by the clubs from which
the winning crews came.
The Pioneer Rowing Club will hold a
jinks at its house In Ixmg Bridge to-mor
row afternoon. In the morning there will
be an exhibition race between the Ariel
junior barge crew and the senior four of
the Plonerrs.
The Ariel Rowing Club will give Its an
nual entertainment and ball at Union
Square Hall on Wednesday evening No
vember 1. The entertainment will consist
of musical and vaudeville numbers, begin
ning at 8 o'clock. Dancing will begin at
10. The committee of arrangements con
sists- of E. McDonough, D. J. Sheehan, W.
Howe, J. Hardy and J. Wilson.
than heretofore. The incredulous smile,
however, and say they will not. During
this week the clubmen have been work
ing lightly, but they promise much more
for the next seven days
ON STANFORD FIELD.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 27.—
The Stanford football squad has received
no special attention from the coaches dur
ing the past week, as the time of the lat
ter has been spent in putting the final
touches upon the freshman team in an
ticipation of to-morrow's game. Several
of the men have been laid off until next
week on account of overwork. One of
these is "Babe" Burnett, who has not yet
reached condition since his return from
the Philippines. Hayden at center has
also been confined to the side lines be
cause of a wrenched knee. Gilman has
returned to the field after only partially
recovering from a sprained ankle received
in one or the early practice games.
Meantime some of the second eleven
men have been given a chance on the big
team, lining up against the freshman
team In these practices Huston and
 rißl JX have do . ne th « best work in the
line Ihe condition back of the line has
failed of any perceptible improvement.
So far only men of mediocre ability have
been tried in these positions, and it be
comes evident day by day that the fresh
man team must come to the rescue. Jost,
who made such a close race for half on
the team two years ago, has not yet had
an opportunity to prove that he retains
OLYMPIC MEN UNDER
THE GREENWOOD TREE
Members of the Big Athletic
Club Will Gather To-Mor-
row in Marin County,
Over at ISscalles, in the country beyond
Bausalito, the men of the Olympic Club
will gather to-morrow In one of the most
notable outings ever planned for the mem
bers. It is proposed to bring together the
members interested in the various branches
of the sport where they may meet
on common ground and become acquaint
ed one with another. There will be no
party lines of cyclers, gymnasts, golfers,
tennis-players, swimmers, but all will be
of one big family.
Captain George James, J. W. Coffroth,
John Cunningham, Fred Butz and others
have been planning features for the out
ing for weeks past. In addition to all
manner of outdoor sport the talented
members of the club will take part in a
vaudeville entertainment. The singers
who have appeared behind the footlights
in the burnt cork and other adjuncts of
the minstrel on many occasions will be
present with their sweetest songs and
with stories guaranteed free from any
llavnr of the chestnut.
There are a number of boats available
to-morrow morning by way of Sausalito
ferry for those who wish to make merry
with the sturdy Olympians on this their
first big outing.
FISHING ON EEL RIVER.
Frank Maskey and Fred Leea have re
turned from the E<>l River country afver
six weeks' iishing and shooting. Mr. Mas
key brought back nine barrels of steelheads
which were preserved for distribution
among his friends. Mrs. Maskey devel
oped unexpected skill with the rod, being
;i Knod second to her husband. She
wound up one morning's fishing by land-
Ing an 11-pound steelhead. With this rec
ord Mrs. M&skey believes she has passed
the novice Mage and the next time she
whips a stream for trout she will have
the best rod and tackle to be had. '.The tish
ing improved day by day while they re
mained at the river. The Quinnat salmon
took the fly readily and a number ol 3
pounders were caught.
A story, not told by Mr. Maskey, comes
down from the north and shows how good
a sportsman that gentleman is. On the
way to Eel River he shot a buck and
shortly afterward three more crossed nis
path. A companion pointed them out to
him, but he declined to try his skill on
them. "Too easy," he replied, and then
mlded. "We have sufficient to supply our
table; leave those for the next who comes
this way."
H. M. [.amlesnerger is credited with one
of the sensational catches of the year.
On his first morning at Eel River he laud
ed with a fly five steelheads averaging
seven pounds in weight. The smallest
weighed four and a half pounds and the
largest nine and a half.
The striped bass have found their way
up to Rodeo, a number weighing from
nine to twelve pounds being secured by
persons from this city recently.
Steelheads averaging from one to three
pounds are being caught near i'escadero
and San Gregorio.
his former dash and speed. However, the
situation is in no way gloomy, for there is
yet time to discover new men for these
positions, if there are any more promibing
in college, and develop them Into a trio
of ground-gaining backs.
The practices will he lighter for a week,
after which the men will be spurred on
for the final struggle for positions on the
team. Coach Chamberlln Is satisfied
that the men are well advanced consider
ing the stage of the season. Physically
their condition Is good and they have
learned the rudiments of the game The
remaining the weeks will be devoted to
developing team work and the finer points
of the game.
SANTA CLARA PLAYERS.
SANTA CLARA, Oct. 27. -Gene Sheehy.
the crack Olympic football player, arrived'
here on Tuesday and is coaching the
Santa Clara College football eleven. The
team left to-day for Reno, Nev. , where a
game with the University of Nevada is
scheduled. The Santa Clara boys have
played but three games this season the
last of which was with the freshmen of
th 3 University of California last Thurs
day After a hard struggle on a muddy
Held neither side succeeded in scoring
Previous to that game the college boys
wore victoricus against the Stanford
freshmen find also against the Santa
Clara High School. nla
The college boys are in good condition
and are confident of putting up a good
game against their heavier and more ex
perienced opponents from the University
of Nevada. «
CYCLERS PREPARED
FOR THE CLASSIC
RACE OF THE YEAR
Representative Entry for the
Autumn Handicap of
the C. A. C. C,
The annual ten-mile handicap road race
of the California Associated Cycling
Clubs will be held to-morrow forenoon
over the straightaway course from High
street, Fruitvale, to Haywards. The race
was postponed once, a fortnight ago,
owing to the rain, but the road is said
to be in excellent condition.
There are fifty-six entrants this year,
over one-half of whom have never here
tofore competed in a road event, and the
official handicapper of the association has
been totally at sea as to what time allot
ment to give these men. He has had to
depend upon hearsay entirely, and if he
has been misled in this respect the win
ner may turn up in some dark horse.
Otherwise the men should finish in
bunches, and the scratch men are just as
likely to be in the lead as any of the limit
men. The race will start from Fruitvale
promptly at 11 o'clock, and the riders,
officials and spectators will go over on
the 9 o'clock boat. Club feeling runs
strongly at these association events, and
If the finish is at all spectacular there is
liable to be a good deal of enthusiasm.
The following are the entrants, with their
handicaps:
Scratch— M. F. Francis. G. C. W. ; J. E.
Wing. O. C. W.; E. B. Wa.stle, G. C. W.; E.
A Bozlo, O. C. W.; <;. P. Fuller, O. C \V. ;
Ben Noonan. B. C. W.; I. R. Llnd, B. C. W.
45 seconds -W. J. Davidson, B. C. \V. ; T. H.
White. O. C. W.; Gull Hard'nbrouk, G. C. W.
1 minute— E. A. Kusac. B. C. W. ; John Kelly,
B. C. W.; Arthur Davidson, B. C. W. ; George
Kroetz, •>. C. W. ; A. T. Smith. Acme.
1 minute 15 seconds— H. D. Bean. O. C. W. ;
F. J. Wiseman. B. C, \V. ; E. Warren, B. C.
W.; George Ferris, Acme.
1 minute 30 seconds— P. McDonald, G. C. W. ;
H. Anthony, ( ). C. W. ; Milton David. O. C.
W.; Ed Fleming. B. C. U : W. B. Longwill,
B. C. W. ; John Gllman, B. C. W. ; Burton
Downing. G. C. W. ; Ira Ctiapman, B. C. W.
1 minute 45 seconds— B. J. Holle, C. C. C. ;
Frank Carroll. O. C. W. : Lester Livingstone,
<>. C. W.I Charles Long, <). C. W.; 11. J.
Brown, B. C. W.; Frank Marisch, B. C. W.J
Charles Keuser, B. C. W.
2 minutes— N. A. C'alvert, G. C. W. : A.
Halnque, B. «'. W. ; E. E. Bergman, un. ; H. A.
Irving, un. ; W. H. Harrison, un. ; L. H. Smith,
O. C. \\\; Kd Adams, O. C. W. ; R. A. Hender
son. O. C. W.
2 minutes 10 seconds— Homer Lowe. G. C. W. :
C. L. Braun. un. ; A. Carl. C. C. C. ; C. Rice,
O. C. W.; E. Hanjos, B, C. W.
2 minutes 30 seconds — L. Merrlnm, un. ;
Charles StaK^ar, C. C. C. ; M. Perry, un.; A.
C. Berg, Berkeley C. C.i Harry P. Cripps,
Oakland; K. S. Kristensen, C. C. C. ; J. F.
Doyle, O. O. C. W.
The officials of the race, appointed by
Chairman Loos of the racing board, will
be:
Referee — W. L. Loos, unattached: Judges —
Charles Albert Adams, unattached; Paul M.
Nippert, president C. A. C. C. ; Frank H. Ker
rigan, B. C. \\\; Edwin Goeller, O. C. W. ;
Emil F. Fahrbach, B. C. W.; L. O. Sill, G. C.
W. Timers— Archibald Reid, B. C. W. ; Austin
Kanzee. B. C. W. ; W. T. Macfarlane; John
Elliott, O. C. W.; J. A. Deslmone, G. C. W. ;
George P. Wetmore, B. C. W. ; Herman D. Ha
denfeldt, O. C. W.; Edwin M.ihrlg, B. c. W.
Bcorers— Stanly G. Scovern, secretary C. A. C.
C. ; Herbert D, Clark. unattached: H. W.
Spaldlng, unattached; G. C. Owens. G. C. W.J
H. V. Ready. B. C. \\\; Frank H. Watters Jr.,
B. C. W. ; F. G. Montealegre. O. C. W.
Starter — W. L. Loos, unattached: assistant,
Vincent I>>os, unattached. Clerk of course—
.Jules F. Hancock. B. C. W. : assistant, J. B.
Lamkin, G. C. W. Chief marshal— "Pop"
Thorn, E. C. ; assistant, M. E. Games. E. C.
chief umpire— George E. Dixon, B. C. W. ; as
sistants, G. B. Stangenberger, B. C. W. ; Louis
Meyers, unattached.
The Academic Athletic League will hold
its fourth annual . twenty-five-mile relay
race around the San Leandro triangle this
morning at 11 o'clock. The entries. and
handicaps were published exclusively in
The Call yesterday.
To prove this assertion, look v £&&&
at the vast number of people II W?^c-n
that have been restored to II wrj^W^J)
health and strength by Its use. JL^xyC^'v
They have filled their systems /^^l^y^^i\
with this life-giving element by |i^fei^P^P\
the application of my Yf^^^FY A
Dr.Sanden's r Wn\{-
Electric Belt rp JjjL 1\
There are thousands who will 1 yjKs^^>^LAv
gladly testify to this and say I^^)
that they have been cured by \— = - -=.\^
the use of my Belt and no other. It has over 6000 cures
to its credit for 1898. If you are suffering from the results
of youthful indiscretion, Yaricocele, Lame Back, Sciatica, Rheu-
matism, or any weakness peculiar to men, my Beit will
cure you, as it has others. Write to-day for my free book
or call at my office and consult me free of charge. Office
hours, 9 to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1.
DR. T. A. SANDEN, l 8 ™ RD STREET
119! i South Spring Street. Los Angeles, "'?"""
COURSING MEN
ARE TO RECEIVE
TEMPTING PURSES
Three Parks Offering Valuable
Stakes for Greyhounds of
All Ages,
The three coursing parks in this dis
trict offer attractive programmes for to
day and to-morrow. At San Mateo Park
the tidbit of the card will be the meeting
of Curtis & Son's Cash and N. P. Whit-
Ing's Minneola, in the final of the inau
gural stake. This could not be decided
last week as darkness settled down upon
the field before the dogs were ready to
run. They will meet immediately after
luncheon to-morrow afternoon. A puppy
stake and an open stake complete the
card.
At ("nion Park some high class saplings
will be run as a curtain-raiser to the open.
stake. The latter has attracted some of
the best of the local dogs and promises
excellent sport.
The men of Ingleside Park have not
been saying much this week, but they
offer a great stake to their followers.
Connemara divides honors with McEn
roe's Australian dogs and those represent
ing the kenneis of T. J. Cronin, U. Shan
non, T. J. McHugh, H. A. Deckelman
and other well-known supporters of the
park.
At the conclusion of the American
Waterloo meeting at Dallas, Texas, offi
cers of the American Coursing Board were
elected for the ensuing term. L. W. Bar
tels of Denver was elected president; G.
W. Helntz, Cottonwood Falls, Kansas,
keeper of the stud-book, and John Charl
ton of Dakota, secretary.
The board delegated the control of
coursing In this State to the California
Coursing Committee. All registrations
here must be ntade through this commit
tee, subject to appeal to the American
Coursing Hoard, where any difference of
opinion exists between t.ie owner of the
dogs and the registry officials.
Erwin & Lyons May Queen, which di
vided the American Waterloo with Pasha
Kennels' Emm Pasha, was brought back
by John Halton, who arrived here Thurs
day night. She will be coursed for a time
and before being returned to Texas will
be mated with For Freedom. Silver
Wings comes under the same conditions,
but will be bred to Emm Pasha.
"Judge" P. J. Rellly's imported dog
Plow Boy, which was just rounding into
form, is on the retired list for the present.
He has an abscess on the jaw and in con
sequence will be thrown out of training.
He ran last week at San Mateo Park and
his handlers could not open nis mouth,
the cords and muscles being so badly
affected. He has shown himself to be a
great dog and his owner has the sym
pathies of his friends over this setback
at a time when he gave promise of doing
| good work.
Curtis & Son's have two beautiful Sky
: rocket- Vanity Fair youngsters in the
sapling stake at Union Park to-day. One
is a black and white and the other a
I brindle and white. "Charley" Griswold,
I superintendent of Union Park, tried them
out last Monday and they performed,
splendidly.
Al Austin's Master Glenklrk-High Born
Lady puppies have distemper. Some of
J. Horn's Bona puppies are also on the
sick list.
J. P. Thrift has three Jester-Grasshop
per saplings in the stake at Union Park
i to-day. They look promising, and their
' owner is anxious to see them perform in
competition.
Gus Abercrombie's Rock Island King is
being given light work in anticipation of
being entered shortly at one of the local
parks. His dog "Victor King, illustrated
elsewhere on this page. Is showing good
form, but has been unfortunate in get
j ting long courses in a number of in
stances.
T. J. Mclnerney's dogs have been taken
back to Merced in anticipation of the
plains meeting.FERRYBOAT IS
CAPTURED BY
BOYS IN BLUE
Forty-Sixth Storms
the Oakland.
SCHUYLER'S ACT DENOUNCED
Thirty-Eighth in From Missouri Ar
rives From Jefferson Barracks.
Lieutenant Aiken Gets
Sentence Commuted.
The first of the second call regiments
arrived In the city yesterday. The van
guard is composed of the Forty-sixth In
fantry from South Framlngham Bar
racks, near Boston, Mass., and the Thir
ty-eighth Infantry from Jefferson Bar-
Missouri.
The Forty-sixth arrived first, and with
out more ado its commanding officer,
Colonel W. S. Schuyler, proceeded to
make himself and his regiment unpopu
lar, lie put guards all over the ferry
boat Oakland, closing the bar, the res
taurant and the lavatories, which no one,
passenger or soldier, was allowed to en
ter. He also placed guards at the for
ward doors of the lower deck and no one
was allowed, to go out on. the forward
deck.
The passengers were In a fury. They
complained to the captain, who sent his
first officer to parley with the colonel,
but the lirst officer had his words for his
pains. He was told that the boat was
under the orders of the colonel of the
Forty-sixth Regiment and that was all
there was to it. The colonel was good
enough to explain, however, that he
placed the guards around the boat to pre
vent passengers from buying whisky for
his men. There was no whisky on the
iorward deck, however, nor in the restau
rant, but the colonel made no further ex-.
planation.
When the ferry reached this sido of the
hay uo one was allowed to go ashore until
the regiment had been formed and
marched off the boat. Then the citizens
were given their liberty. It was the Ilrst
experience of the kind, and it is probable
that it would have been definitely settled
by the captain refusing to leave the
wharf with another man in command of
his boat, but the ferry had started before
the trouble was brought to the captain's
notice, and there wus nothing for him to
i!o but keep on to this side. The passen
gers have suggested special boats for
reiriments with piratical colonels.
The Thirty-eighth Regiment came In
quietly, causing no inconvenience or an
noyance to any one. It Is under the com
mand of Colonel Anderson. It came out
from Missouri without mishap, but it ar
rived with three measles patients, who
were sent to the hospital as soon as the
troops arrived.
Second Lieutenant William B. Alken of
the Thirty-seventh United States Volun
teer Infantry has been ordered to Manila,
There is nothing unusual about the order
ing of an officer to Manila, particularly
when his regiment Is there already, but
the peculiar part of the order to Alken is
that the last heard of him he was under
martial for drunkenness, and the
decision of the court recommending his
dismissal from the army was on its wav
to Washington. The fact that the deci
sion was sent to Washington is proof that
It was lor dismissal, otherwise it would
have been disposed. of In this department,
and now the orders to Manila Indicate
that something has happened and that
.Aik«»n has not been dismissed. His sen
tence has been commuted to some loss of
pay and probably the forfeiture for a time
of some Privilege?, but it has been a closo
shave. If he behaves himself the second
lieutenant will probably come home a
brigadier. He will go on the Peking.
lirst Lieutenant John J. O'Connell,
i •"•enty-nrst Infantry, has been assigned
to duty on the Senator as quartermaster
■lrKi commissary.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James B-
Pascoe has been assigned to the general
hospital for temporary duty pending his
assignment to Manila.
Second Lieutenant Fred W. Hershler
Fourteenth Infantry, and Second Lieuten
ant Henry C. White, Eleventh Cavalry,
have been assigned to temporary duty
with the recruits at the Presidio pending
their assignment to Manila,
Captain Joseph D. Leitch, recently pro
moted to the command of a company in
the Twenty-fifth Infantry, has been' or
dered to ; in his new command at San
Antonio, Texas. He will be relieved from
duty in this department on November 1,
after which time he will leave for the
bouth. His company— Company G of the
Twenty-flf th-ie ihe garrison of Fort Sam
Houston, one of the most important posts
in the feouth, particularly Just now, when
there is danger from the Indians. Cap
tain Leitch will therefore command the
V Th He has put in a great many years
,° f rSiVw^ amon <? th ® Indian*, which
is probably the reason army headquarters
would not consent to have him remain In
Hnafter Partment ** an ald to Genera"
The employment committee of th» late
First California Volunteers and Heavy
Artillery, through the chairman. Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger, is compelled to make
another appeal to the public and employ
ers generally in behalf of the return?*
soldiers who are In need of emrjlovment
Over 200 of them have a™iiedfor work
through the committee. ftany of bran
plicants are skilled artisans, while others
are unskilled, but they would thankful™
accept any employment so as to b* self
supporting. The committee respeetfullv
requests an early response to this appeal
Soldiers at Stanford.
STAKFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 37 —
"1 WhoUey of the First Washington
•*erH vtsited the university to-day
In company with several hundred men
from the Kansas, lowa and Washington
As the .volunteers were not
abie to organize a team capable of
meeting Stanford they were entertained
by a varsity practice against the second
team.
POSTUM CEKEAL.
"MOTHER'S NOTIONS"
Good for Young People to Follow.
"My little grandson often comes up to
me how large the muscles of his
arms are.
b delicate child, but has de-
tp a strong, healthy boy, and
Post- Food Coffee has been
the p
"I wi to give him the Post-
urn coffee because of my own experi-
ence with it.
"I am sixty years old, and have been
a victim i dyspepsia for many
led all ports of patent
had treatment from
physicians, but no permanent re-
lief came. I believe nervous dyspeptics
I more than other sick people, as
they arc- affected mentally as well as
physically.
P v ' d the Postum Cereal
• k in our pa-
At first I gave but little attention
to them, thinking it waa a fraud like so
many I had a finally Bornelh!ng
wus said in one of the advertisements
that mad.- me conclude to try it I was
very particular to have It prepared
strictly according to directions, and use
- very nice in-
deed, and about bedtime I said to the
I .in hers of the family that I believed
I felt bfetter. One of them laughed 2nd
. mother of mother's no-
but the notion has not left me
yet.
"I continued to improve right alomr
leaving off coffee, and taklSl
I food Coffee, and now
three years' use I feel so well that
almost young again. I know
.n was the cause of the change in
my health and I cannot say too much
in its favor. I wish I could j^rsuade
all nervous people to use it. I have no
i-bjections to your using my name, if it
will do good to evr-n one sufferer "
Mrs MI, Turner, 2G19 Capitol Aye.
Omaha, Neb.
UNCLE SAM EXCELS ALL
WITH A MODEL TRANSPORT
UNCLE SAM has juet shown to the world that he may be a little slow In the beginning of a war, but that when he
gets started he is up-to-date. In this case he Is ahead of date, and beats the world's record for equipping a
transport that will be a model for the guidance of European nations to follow. The finishing touches to the re
modeling of the transport Hancock are being given at the drydock of the Union Iron Works, and within a few weeks
the Hancock will be put into commission, the finest troopship in the world, possessing, as she will, features pos
sessed by no other transport in the world.
The Hancock arrived here ln August when a board of survey, consisting of Colonel Greenleaf, Major Gibson and Cap
tain Eelcher, V. S. A., and Captain Barneson and Captain Matthews, respectively marine superintendent and supervising
engineer of the army transport service, recommended extensive repairs which were approved by Colonel O. F. Long, the
head of the service for the Pacific Coast.
An additional deck was built the entire length of the vessel, on which has been located the pilot-house, chart rooms,
army officers' quarters and staterooms for the commanding officers and fifty cabin passengers. Between decks an Isolated
hospital with fifty beds and accommodations for nurses assures the comfort of sick and wounded so.^-iers, while a refriger
ating plant with a daily capacity of fifty tons of Ice will serve to render a tropical climate bearable. This plant, at the same
time, produces 600 gallons of water per diem and furnishes cold storage for sixty tons of fresh meat and other necessaries for
the cuisine of a" modern troopship.
An Improved ventilating system has been Installed for forcing pure air through every portion of the ship that 1800
troops, together with their officers and the crew of the vessel may preserve their health unimpaired when the hatches are
battened down ln stormy weather.
For the troops a soldiers' galley has been fitted up with large ranges, steamers, etc. The main galley has been rebult
and a new bakers' oven capable of turning out 2000 loaves of bread daily puts hard tack out of the question. Lavatories
bathrooms, washrooms, commissary storerooms, quartermasters' storerooms, sailrooms, gunrooms, baggage-rooms and mag
azines have been built and fitted up and four rapid-fire guns added to the transport's equipment as teeth to show in case a
pursuer approaches too close for comfort.
Down where tho heart of the ship is beating, too. the workmen have not been idle. On recommendation of the United
States Inspector of Boilers at this port the auxiliary engines have been renewed, as well as the piping throughout the ship,
which was not done when the new boilers were placed in position *■*-•* c. 1D »»"»»»
The Hancock is the largest vessel ever docked at San Francisco, and the undertaking was a. delicate one, there being a
clearance of only six inches between the sill of the dock and her keel. It was at first thought necessary to send her to Port
Orchard. Wash, si that dock is considerably larger, but this project was abandoned and The enormous sum of money dis
tributed among San Francisco's merchants and mechanics under the careful supervision of Colonel Long. As a superstruc
ture has been added to the vessel bilge keels or rolling chocks are now being put in position to steady her at sea.
The Hancock was bui lt in Glasgow. Scotland, In 1879, as the Gui.on liner Arizona, by John Elder & Co. under a con
tract to launch a vessel which would beat anything afloat. On her maiden trip hor master asserted that he would tttend
TEE BURCH MURDER.
Manuel Mcßride Held to Answer Be-
fore the' Superior Court With
out Bail.
Manuel Mcßride, cook on the ferry
boat Sausalito, was yesterday held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Treadwell without bail on the charge of
murdering Vincent Burch, a waiter, on
October 18.
The witnesses examined yesterday were
Charles E. Johnson, mate on the ferry
boat; John Neild, proprietor of the res
taurant on the ferry-boat, and Policemen
J. R. Dower and H. D. Smith. Johnson
testified to having heard the dispute as j
to the cup of black coffee and Mcßride j
checking Burch for his- language, Burch
then accused Mcßride of being unduly fa
miliar with Mrs. Athron's daughter.
The policemen testified that when they
asked Mcßride why he had stabbed
Burch he replied that Burch had called
him an offensive name and accused him of
being on too familiar terms with Mi.^a
Athron.
PRAISES GENERAL OTIS.
Lieutenant Vitale, Italian Military
Attache, Talks of Manila.
LJeutenaut Ferruccio Vitale, Military
Attache to the Italian Embassy at Wash
ington, is a guest at the Palace, having
arrived in San Francisco on. the City of
Sydney from Manila.
Lieutenant Vitale went to the Philip
pines last April to witness the operations
of our army against the Tagalos, and
from that time until last September, when
he left Luzon, he was almost constantly
on the firing line, being attached to the
staff of General Mac Arthur, and accom
panying Major Bell on many of the lat
tfr's dangerous scouting expeditions. He
speaks in the highest terms of the Amer
ican ss a fighter, and the volunteer in
particular seems to have won his admira
tion.
"The American is a ppl^ndid fighter,"
said the lieutenant yesterday. "He is a
magnificent soldier. None better in the
world. The volunteer is especially good.
He Is generally better educated and of a
higher order of intelligence than the aver
ag- enlisted man. These qualities allow
of his doing a little thinking for himself
and he goes ahead on his own hook with a
bravery and a judgm.-nt that is perfect.
"I have no criticism to make of General
Otis that is not favorable. He has the
situation well in hand, to use his own
words, and, in my opinion, Is doing as well
as any one could. It in easy enough to
stay at home and criticize ' him, but it
•i be found a vry difficult matter to
pUt up a man in his place who could per
form the duties of a commander in cmef
more satisfactorily.
"The advantages gained by the armies
of America have been substantial and
lasting ones, notwithstanding the reports
to the contrary. The only places ti.at
have not been permanently held have been
one. or two unimportant points which it
was never intended to hold.
'•The Tagalos are the most influential
and most intelligent of the tribes in the
islands, but were America to give them
the self-government they want it would
mean that they would have to do to tne
thousand other tribes there what America
is now trying to do to them. This would
mean almost endless war and bloodshed."
Lieutenant Vitale Is now on his way to
"Washington.
TO PAY THEIR FARES HOME.
Conference With Army Authorities
in Regard to Stranded Soldiers.
A conference between representatives
of th« Red Cross, citizens' executive com
mittee and the T'nited Statea army offi
cials was held yesterday afternoon in the
Phelan building. The conference was
called with, a view of securing relief for
soldiers who have been discharge*! from
army service, either iry Manila or Ban
Francisco, and who are'without means or
transportation to the places of their en
listment. There were present for the Red
Cross Society Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs.
F. G. Sanborn and Mrs. Arthur Cornwall;
for the citizens' executive committee,
Mayor Pheian, \V. J. Martin. A. M. Law
rence and M. H. d« Young. General
Shafter and Colonel Forwood represented
the army.
General Shafter Btated that h« would
recommend the discharge of all men in
San Francisco hereafter Instead of in Ma
nila. Tho.y would therefore receive their
pay here Instead of elsewhere and have a
chance to procure transportation before
their money has all been spent. Many of
the soldiers who have been discharged in
Manila have been in the habit of drop
ping whatever pay they received at way
ports before reaching this city. General
Shafter promised to refer all the matters
under discussion to the authorities at
Washington and sea what relief can. be
had. 1
THE PAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
M'KEE RANKIN TAKEN
BEFORE THE COURT
ARRESTED FOR NOT PAYING
THE WAR TAX.
Nance O'Neil Goes to the Marshal's
Office With Him— Paralyzes
the Typewriters.
McKee Rankin, tragedian and theatrical
manager, was arrested yesterday after
noon at the Oakland mole by a" Deputy
United States Marshal, and brought over
to this side of the bay to have his his
trionic pride leveled in the dust, all be
cause he failed to pay the internal reve
nue license for playing Nance O'Nell and
company at a theater in San Jose.
A year ago Mr. Rankin appeared ln San
Jose with a dramatic company and failed
to pay his license. Deputy Internal Reve
nue Collector D. J. Flannery was absent
L n t an ° ther part of the State at the time,
out there was no law to prevent tr
actor-manager from calling at the inter
nal revenue office in this city and contrib
uting his share of the expenses of the
war with Spain. On the second occasion
a few evenings ago, Mr. Flannery called
upon the tragedian and requested the
payment of the tax for last year, and also
lor this year, amounting to the ridicu
lously small sum of $17.50, all told The
actor sniffed the air as though the pro
pinquity of the Deputy Collector w^-re of
fensive in his nostrils. When the demand
was repeated. Mr. Rankin made a remark
not complimentary to "infernal" revenue i
people and kindly advised the young man
to go to the infernal regions and to re
main there until Rankin got "good and
ready to pay.
The air was sultry in the Internal reve
nue ornce when Flannery made his re
port, and a complaint was at once drawn
JUSTICE TEMPLE ON THE
NEW CITY CHARTER CASE
JLSTTCE TEMPLE of the Supreme Court has handed down an opinion in
the charter case of Fragley vs. Phelan and the Board of Election Com
missioners, in which he concurs with his associates In their findings dif
fering from them only In the process of reasoning by which the oo'nclul
slor. was reached. He states that it was unfortunate that when secUon "
article XI, was amended its meaning should have b»en left in doubt How'
ever, the construction placed on the language thereof by the Supreme Court
has never been modified or reversed, and It justly applies to the ca«e under
consideration. In the opinion Justice Temple <>.iys: aer
My views do not require me to discuss at len e th'many matters found important
in the other opinions. I think, however, the constitution authorize the city to fm™
a charter for ita own government by causing fifteen freeholders to be elected lx£ n
pro hoc vice represent the city. It Is none the less the act of the city as \nX
because a referendum !s provided to its constituent members, who, collectively in
corporated. are the municipality. "' ln "
But I think we are neither authorized nor required to determine whether the m«nin
pal elect Inns were duly and regularly conducted. That was settled by the Wi-b,'
ture wh.-n It enacted the charter into a law.
To approve or disapprove a freeholders 1 charter Is especially committed to t*.
Le gl slnu.re by the constitution. Whether ft performs this duty by resolution or by
bill It Is equally a legislative act which concludes the other two departments' If th»
Legislature were to refuse to act at all upon a proposed charter no power eouM
compel It to do so. simply because It Is a peculiar function of the Legislature Tt
approves or disapproves as a Leglslature-a co-ordlnato department of the State
government. Dl " e
AN HONEST DRUGGIST
WILL ALWAYS GIVE YOU
If you Ask for the Best Natural Laxative Water.
Others will give you a cheap substitute on which they
make a few cents more profit.
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders
Hunyadl Janos Has No Equal.
up by United States District Attorney
Coombs. The complaint contained four
counts, to make sure of convicting the
actor on one, the penalty being twice the
amount of the tax and the costs The
smallest man in the office of the United
States Marshal, Deputy Littlefield, was
selected to arrest the heavy-weight tra
gedian when he arrived at Oakland at
2:20 p. m., on his way to Vallejo for an
other one-night performance.
cs^ c Pr t ison er was taken to the United
States Marshal's office. in this city: ac
companied by Nance O'Nell. Attorney
Crlttenden Thornton was telephoned for,
and when he arrived the party proceeded
upstairs to the chambers of United States
Court Commissioner Heacock. Attorney
i nornton made a suave speech to the
Commissioner, and he said Rankin would
plead guilty then and there and pay the
tax and costs, if the Court would let him
catch the 4 o'clock train for Vallejo. He
also offered to put up cash bail, but the
Commissioner could not accept cash bail
and United States Attorney Coombs was
consulted.
The matter was finally arranged by re
leasing the actor on his own recogni
zance until he returns for his week's en
gagement In this city.
All the lady typewriters in the building
IS£",£ r< "5 d , 1 il? around the doors "piping
off " Miss O'Nell. who seemed to be much
taller than she appears on the : stage.
She Is as tall as Clerk Morse, and he is
more than f 1X M feet from the ground with
his patent leather shoes on.
_McKee and his star caught the train for
Vallejo and , the theater goers of that city
who bad tickets for. last night's perform
ance were not disappointed.
New Hope Oil Company.
C. R. Spllvalo, C. S. Laumeister W E
Dennison, H. Dutard, C. B. Sione'
Thomas Bishop and Q. McDonald have in'
corpora ted the New Hope Oil Company
With offices in this city and scene of oV^r'
ations in Kern County. The capital stock
is $100,000 and of this amount $73 000 has
been subscribed. The above named e-en
tlemen constitute th« first board of di
rectors, with C. R. Splivalo as president
VALLEY ROAD
PRESENTS ITS
ANNUAL REPORT
Everything Is Moving
Satisfactorily.
FREIGHT BUSINESS IS LARGE
Passsnger and Frieght Traffic Exce
ingly Heavy During the Last
Year Considering Condi
tion of the Line.
The third annual report of the Valley
road, for the year ending June 30, was filed
with the Railroad Commissioners, yester
day afternoon. It shows the road to be
progressing most favorably and its earn
ings, considering the fact that the line is
only partially completed, are satisfactory
in the extreme.
The report shows that the section of thd
road in operation includes 302.52 miles of
track stretching from Stockton to Bakers
field and' from Calway Junction to Corco
ran Junction.
The value of shares authorized by the
company amounts to $6,000,000, and of this
amount J2.465.200 has been issued. Of the
authorized Issue of $6,000,000 of 5 per cent
first mortgage bonds, to run until 1940,
$5,500,000 has been taken.
The gross earnings of the road for the
year ending June 30 amount to $408,704 61.
The operating expenses amounted to $382,
--552 57, a difference of $26,152 04. These fig
ures leave a net Income and surplus of
$11,979 28, This added to the surplus of
last year makes a total surplus of $177,
--13b 12. During thej-ear it was decided to
treat the road as one under construction
until it should have been completed, con
sequently the entire surplus has been re
turned to the road for payment of bills
for construction.
. The debt per mil© of the road amounts
to $27,082 52, and the total amount ex
pended for both construction and equip
ment up to June 30 llgures up to $7,163,
--560 59. This gives an average cost thus
far of $23,679 62 per mile for the construc
tion and equipment.
During the year 81,173 passengers were
carried at an average cost of .02515 per
passenger per mile, and the average dis
tance traveled per passenger was torty
live miles. The total passenger earnings
amounted to $102,316 88.
There have been 135.K60 tons of freight
carried, and the average haul has been
103.66 miles at a cost of .02151 per mile. The
entire freight earnings were $302,976 30.
The road now employs 528 officers and
employes, who have worked 117",031 days
at an average wage of $2,126 per daY
making a total of $248,762 03 that the road
has paid out in salaries during the past
year.
FERRY FACILITIES
FOR THE SANTA FE
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS HOLD
A CONFERENCE.
Plans Presented Providing for Depot
Accommodations for the Trans
continental, Tiburon ana
Sausalito Roads.
A conference was held in the Harbor
Commissioners' office yesterday afternoon
for the purpose of allotting passenger and
freight depot facilities in the ferry
building for which the Santa Fe road has
applied. There were present Harbor Com
missioners Kilburn, Herold and Harney
and the following representatives of the
three roads interested In the proposition:
John D. Spreckels, second vice president;
A. H. Payson, chief engineer, and W B
Storey of the Valley and the Santa F e
roads; J. B. Stetson, president, and \V
P. Russell, general freight agent, of the
North Pacific Coast Kallroad; A. W. Fos
ter, president, and H. C. Whiting, general
manager, cf the California and North
western Railroad and Chief Engineer
Holmes of the Harbor Commission
fn explaining the objects of the confer
ence Chairman Kilburn stated that It was
necessary to provide ferry landing privi
leges for a great transcontinental line for
which the people had been clamoring for
some time. "This road is certainly enti
titled to our every consideration," said
he, "but W6 have Just so much space and
we desire to apply it to the best advan
tage."
Chief Engineer Holmes then presented
the plans he had prepared, which call tor
the moving of the California Northwest
ern or Tiburon ferry to the slip now oc
cupied by the North Pacific Coast road
and the transfer of the latter road to
slip 1 at the extreme northern end of tne
ferry depot, which it formerly occupied
the Santa Fe road to. occupy the slip va
cated by the Tiburon ferry.. The waiting
and baggage rooms are to be so arranged
as to give each road the necessary space.
Presidents Foster and Stetson interposed
some strong objections.
Commissioner Harney suggested that
another driveway be made by taking four
teen feet from the present quarters of -the
PoPtofnce in order to relievo the conse
quent congestion of traffic. No decision
was arrived at, but the Commissioners
after hearing the arguments for and
against the proposed' change stated that
they would meet shortly to take definite
action.
Change in Time on Sunset Boute.
The Southern Pacific announces a
change in the through train service of
its Sunset Route, between San Fran
cisco and New Orleans, to go into effect
to-day (Saturday). It consists in hav
ing the through train for New Orleans
leave at 5:30 p. m. instead of 9:00 a. m.,
and this affects all points on that line
east of Redlands Junction, in Southern
California. Between this city and that
point, however, there is no change.
In the Divorce Court.
Lily J. Vahoahoff has sued Neke'ar
Vahoahoft for a divorce, alleging failure
to provide as cause of action. Josephine
E. Liggett asks for a divorce from Wil
liam F. Liggett on the ground of deser
tion. Frances Grant Gale has sued A.lel
bert O. Gale to annul their marriage on
the ground that the defendant had a
wife living and undivorced at the time of
their marriage.
Chas. A. Low, candidate for Police Judge*
COURT NOTES.
An Injunction was issued yesterday by
Judge DaingerfleWl in the case of the
Western Fuse and Explosive Company
against Frederick Kltebauer and some
twenty claimants for damages to prevent
the prosecution of a multiplicity of suits
against the powder company to recover
for losses sustained by the explosion of
petitioner's works at Melrose about two
years ago. Klecbauer was awarded judg
ment against the corporation for the loss
he sustained by reason of the explosion
This case Is now on appeal and the ou
ject of the injunction is 10 prevent the
prosecution of other claims until the
merits of Kleebauer's action have been
finally determined.
Will Appoint a Treasurer.
Registered at the Occidental are General
Thomas Henderson of New York and S.
G. Cook of Illinois, two members of the
Board of Managers of the Home for Dis
abled Volunteer Soldiers, who have come
out to the coast to inspect the National
Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica and to
appoint a treasurer who will fill the place
left vacant by the recent death of Major
Upham, who accidentally shot himself a
short time ago.
The two gentlemen are veterans of the
Civil War and are thoroughly acquainted
with the needs of the home and the wants
of the disabled soldier.
They will leave in a few days for Santa
Monica, where they will look over the in
stitution and decide upon the proper man
to appoint as its treasurer.
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
HOME SCIENCE AND HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Helen Campbell. Mrs. Margaret E. Sangster. Mm.
Kate Gannett Wells, Mrs. Louise E. Hogan, Miss Anna Barrows. Mr?. Mary Roberts Smith,
Miss Emily Q. Balch. Miss Lucy Wheelock and others.
11. THE HOME ENVIRONMENT.
(Concluded.)
The Possibilities of a Back Yard.
"Whether in city or country there 1s
great need among us of a better knowl
edge of general landscape gardening, not
on any large scale necessarily, hut that
we may .see the possibilities of any bit of
ground that may como under our control.
All of us may team how. fojf instance, to
plant at the north for protection against
wind and storm, or know what kind of
shrub will best bring out some special
point of beauty in the house or hide some
deficiency. The tiniost back yard then
ran have a tree or a grapevine, a few to
mato plants, even, at the side, a little
space where the children may have their
own garden and plant what they will. A
flowering shrub or two and the shade tree
of apple or cherry may all be In a yard
so small that adornment would seem im
possible. But I have seen such a yard so
planted that it was a spot of beauty, the
area for clothes-drying being limited by
the tenant to the big revolving stand of
lines or wires set in the center.
Building for Privacy.
As a rule this forms no part of the plan
of the average house-owner or rented
There Is a general conviction that such
ground as a house may own belongs to
the public quite as much as to the owner,
and in one sense this Is true. The move
ment against fences which began years
ago had many advantages, and it is only
recently that any word has been said in
their favor. Piazza life, more and more
a fashion, and an invaluable one. Is open
to all passers-by, and grounds are so
planted that the hammock must swing in
public view. Yet a slight alteration in
plan would insure a spot where genuine
privacy and some family life would at
once become possible. The method -hns
been outlined by the same original and
suggestive architect, Mr. Russell Sturgls.
He proves that the house need not neces
sarily face the street, that it can be set
much farther back, and that thp space so
gained can be planted so judiciously as
to make a green covert beautiful to the
eye, yet shutting off observation abso
lutely, unless. Indeed, the neighbors go to
the upper stories to see what is going on.
This would mean, also, a little play
ground for the children, and prevent that
inevitable gathering in the street that is
at present the despair of the mother who
does not wish her children to know all the
chance comers in a neighborhood, at least
till she has had time to discover their
quality. The environment of the child is
at present a matter of serious study, and
many mothers are realizing the danger of
the promiscuous association that has
been allowed and that results in part
from our present system of building and
laying out our grounds.
A New Phase of Factory Work and
the Home.
It is usually taken for granted that a
factory neighborhood must dispense with
beauty and know only the sternly utilita
rian. Here and there mill owners have
shown that this is not necessary, yet
they have found it difficult to secure any
co-operation from their tenants. But
there is one great manufactory in Dayton,
Ohio, where the owner has brought this
about to such an extent that the whole
body of workers have not only beautified
and improved their own conditions at
every turn, but have provided an object
lesson to all outside. Every foot of land
has been made the most of and the whole
effect is that of a delightful park, the
house gardens adding to rather than tak
ing from the general effect of harmonious
landscape. Surrounded by a poorer ele
ment of population the whole general
tone has been raised. Prizes for the best
grown plant, fruit or shrub have stirred
all to emulation, men, women and chil
dren becoming expert in dealing with the
ground they call their own— a proof again
of how the earth can blossom when all
are taught to deal with it. It is never
large spaces that are a necessity. The
smallest patch of land has its possibility
and the cultivation of it can be taught
to the 10-year-old child. The sordid ugli
ness that marks our suburbs as well as
our village outskirts will disappear when
such teaching becomes general. The
roughest boy, as has already been proved
in many a social settlement, is happy in
learning how to deal with flowers and
shrubs. There Is a great newsboys' home
on the East Side in New York, the- head
of which believes" floriculture to be a re
generating process, and he has proved
his theory in hundreds of cases. His
schoolroom opens into a great conserva
tory and his boys have in one year han
dled intelligently and sent out over 40,000
cuttings.
111. THE HOME DECORATION.
In spite of the fact that decoration has
now a literature of its own and. that
much really beautiful work is being done
in this Held there lingers still the habit
which came in with the first stir of
thought and interest in this previously
unknown direction, of saying "art col
ors." "art decoration," "art fabrics," etc.
If such things are in existence at all they
must of necessity be art and belong to
to it, just as chemistry, biology, etc., be
long to science. If a color does not be
long to art, then it is merely a stain or
a dye. If fabrics are imperfect and badly
colored art has nothing to do with them.
The artistic sense is in some sort a sixth
sense, bora in fullest measure in the nr
tist, but latent in all and to be cultivated,
like any other sense. For the elder gener
ation this Is often difficult or even im
.possible. For the younger the kindergar
ten gives a foundation and the art train
ing of our newest and highest thought in
education lakes the child from the kinder
garten and in a course of work extending
through several years not only trains the
eye, brain and hand together, but leaves
the_j>upil with an enlarged and perfected
sense of form, color and design. This
means presently a perfected decoration,
from the. lowliest cottage to the most
magnificent mansion or public building;
and tow.ird this we are moving, our quick
adaptlvencss as a people making the pass
age a speedy one.
This Is a complex subject, yet there are
a few simple principles that are of gen
eral application to every building. AVp
have to treat floors, walls and ceilings in
such manner that there will be a feeling
of harmony and satisfaction. The cot
tage is not to hang its drawing room, or
Its cottage equivalent. In yellow satin, nor
can the drawing room In the palace hang
Dp a chromo or cheap print on Its stately
walls. This would seem self-evident, yet
one sees Incongruities as gross In many
n house where the art sense has never en
tered. We have, then, three heads:
(a) Floors, their finish and treatment
(b> "Walls and methods to beautify them
(c) Ceilings and their handling.
It Is worth while to note at thlff point
that the slenderest purse can now com
mand In fabrics and tints for general col
oring a range unknown a few years since
Note also that in this matter of decora
tion women command the situation. They
cannot always dictate where they will
live; they cannot always determine as to
location, foundation or elevation; archi
tecture may not be ordered at will; their
eyes may have to be shut as to some of
the plumbing, but when It comes to the
color of the house, ineide or out, women
*ro supreme. And let Jt be added that
even for those grown up a few lessons in
colors will -teach once for all which are
"cold," whlrh "warm." and why. The
ffTeot on the eye of green versus red, the
meaning of ."■ (complementary colors, the
place. and us.; of harmony, with its sense,
of rest filings, and of contrast, with its
stimulus.:; any intelligent adult can soon
acquire. What art is to the household
and what the household is to art it is the
province and business of the American
woman to know, and women have already
made great advance In this branch of
knowledge. "We take first
Floors, Their Finish and Treatment.
: Let it be remembered first of all that a
floor corresponds to the earth on which
we tread, where, In spite- of 'green grass
in its time, the general tint is a neutral
one, soft browns and grays' predominat
ing. From dark to light is the ascending
scale from floor to celling.. As to floor
covering, sanitation adds' its word to the
artist's command, forbidding carpeted
floors as the . artist forbids the hideous
flowered creations on which a former gen
eration loved to tread. Hardwood has be
come the ideal of finish; tiles, which are
an even more perfect form, being as yet
possible only to the wealthy, unless, in
deed, an English form of mosaic is adopt
ed, broken bottle and china and pottery
of all orders being laid in cement with a
very good effect for hall or vestibule. But
well cared for wood has Its own lasting
beauty, and this care means really less
hard work than the constant sweeping
of carpets. If carpets are used it Is an
excellent plan, where the rooms open into
one another, to carpet in neutral shades
alike for all the rooms on a floor, thus
giving the effect desired— the approxima
tion to the effect of the ground itself.
If rugs can be afforded there is nothing
of carpet nature so pleasing to the eye,
while their lasting quality is another ad
vantage. In bedrooms matting can al
ways be used, and the Japanese jute rug 3
will lend the necessary touch of color.
The home of the future undoubtedly will
have tile or marble floors, to be covered
with rugs, since these floors mean all that
the hygienist demands, are beautiful to
the eye, easily cared for and as lasting as
the house Itself. The modern parquet
floor is objected to by the artist because
of its crudely contrasting woods. The
floor, it should always be remembered, .s
merely a background for what is placed
upon it, and this at once puts out of. the
question brilliant colored designs, whether
in carpet or inlaid work of wood or stone.
For cottages denim is an excellent floor
covering and can be brightened by a rug
here and there, but hardwood or Georgia
pine should be used wherever possible.
Stairs require covering for the sake of
avoiding noise, especially where there are
children, and carpets In this case should
be of strong, full colors and without pat
tern, if this be practicable. Patterns are
for horizontal surfaces, not for the Ins
and outs of a stairway.
Walls and Methods to Beautify Them.
It is taken for granted that an intelli
gent plan has arranged wall spaces with
some relation, at least, to the use of the
room. It is only recently, however, that
the thought of the best place for bureau
or bed, for the bookcases of a library,
fqr the sideboard im a dining-room, haa
been any part of the architect's considera
tion. The long narrow rooms of a city
house are a great problem in this way,
a fireplace being often in the center, with
a door directly opposite. The open fire,
which we must cling to for its cheerful
ness, has thus no privacy, and it is plain
at once that the door should be moved
farther down, and, to balance matters, a
piece of furniture nearly its height be
placed at a corresponding distance. In
any really well-designed room there
should be a dado not over two and a half
feet high, finished for all simple houses
in sunken panelings and more strongly
marked moldings. The treatment of the
dado depends upon the furniture of the
room, so that we have again reasons why
the mistress of the house should under
stand what right building means. In all
noble edifices fresco painting, paneling or
tapestry hangings are the forms required
by art. In the average house with
which we have to deal we trust to paper
for effects, and builders choose them be
cause cheap plaster is thus hidden from
view. It would be better in every way
to spend a trifle more on the best plaster
and color the room according to our de
sires. If this cannot be, the cartridge
papers In neutral tints are all desirable,
and even the common brown paper used
by butchers can be used with excellent
effect. But a well-plann-ed scheme of
paneling preserves the architectural lines
and is far better, no matter how simple.
Hangings of any- sort, from chintz up to
satin, are unhealthful dust collectors and
destroy the effect of solidity and per
manency, which is part of the quality of
a room. If possible panel with a view
to the kind of picture that is to be hung,
since the effect of pictures is often de
stroyed by massing different styles of
frames together. Where but a few
simple and fine pieces of furniture are to
be placed in a room the walls may be
decorated with a design. Where the room
is to be like most of our modern rooms,
more or loss of a museum, the walls must
be as unobtrusive as possible.
Ceilings and Their Handling.
Ceilings are of innumerable orders. We
are familiar with the flat one papered or
frescoed. But we are beginning to learn
a few simple principles— for example, that
a coved ceiling greatly increases the ap
parent height of a low-studded room. A
he,avy paneled ceiling must not rest on
walls without the coming between of a
strongfy profiled cornice. Wooden ceilings
are coming into favor, but are to be used
only in very high-studded rooms. Plaster
moldings wo are outgrowing, and it is set
tled that we must not treat the ceiling
with wall patterns, since the angle of
view is different. Perfect plaster, well
colored with a deeper neutral tint and a
conventional border in fretwork or sim
ple lines, is the best method for the ordi
nary house. Stenciling can be used to ad
vantage, and the patterns are so easily
done that a good many women have un
dertaken the work themselves with great
success. But simplicity is always to be
the law, no matter what the form chosen,
leaving elaborate schemes to professional
decorators.
Note— Mrs. Campbell's studies will bo
concluded next week with a paper on
"Home Furnishing." Papers by Mrs.
Mary Robert Smith of JLeland Stanford
University will follow.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare.
Tuesdays: The World's Great Ar
tists.
Wednesdays: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
Fridays: Great American States
men.
Saturdays: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses ■will continue until
February 15, 1900. Examinations
will be held at their close as a basis
for the granting of certificates.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No variation in Silver or Exchange.
Wheat ami Barley lower and quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
1 'rv Hay in demand and firm. Wet Hay sells at a discount.
Bran weaker under heavy receipts from Oregon.
Beans cease to advance, but are firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter and Eggs quiet and weak. Cheese steady.
Poultry market still demoralised. Game steady.
Fresh Fruits show no particular change.
Dried Fruits about as previously quoted.
Provisions in fair demand and unchanged.
} 1 '00l active and firm at an advance.
Meats stand about the same.
Charters.
The Santa Clara loads coal at Nanalmo for
Honolulu; Omega, lumber on tha Columbia
River for Valparaiso, 555.
Exports of Wine.
Exports of Wine from this port by sea dur
ing the first nine months of the year were
2. €65,400 gallons and 5586 cases, against 5,551.600
gallons and 5411 cases during the same time
last year. ;
Weather Report.
(130 th Meridian, Pacific Time,)
San Francisco, Oct. 27, ■"■ p. m.
The following ire the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and Eeasonal rainfalls to
daie as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past 21 This Last
Stations— hours, season, ee&son.
Eureka 0.00 1.67 3.55
Red Bluff 0.00 2.62 0.89
Sacramento 0.00 3.6S 0.90
Pan Francisco 0.00 8.60 LB3
Fresno 0.00 1.83 1.15
Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 3.44 0.59
Ban Dir-go 0.00 0.42. 0.07
Loe Angeles 0.00 3.4S 0.18
Yuma 0.00 0.08 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Cs degrees: minimum, 54; mean, 61.
Weather conditions and general forecast:
The area of high pressure central over the
Rocky Mountain region Is moving slowly east
ward. The western edge of this high area is
accompanied with general cloudiness. The
temperature has remained nearly stationary
vrest. of the Rocky Mountains.
In the great valleys of Central California the
temperatures are nearly normal.
No rain has fallen In California, although
cloudy, threatening weather is reported from
nearly every etatlon.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 milee per
hour I rom the southeast Is reported from Fort
Ctmby.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours enlinsr midnight, October 2S, 1599:.
For Northern California — Cloudy Saturday, ;
poFsibly light showers along the northern !
toast; northerly changing to southeasterly
win da.
For Southern California — Saturday;
lieht south westerly winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
For Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
For Arizona — Cloudy Saturday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sat
unlay, threatening in the morning and poesibly
light. Fhowers at night; northerly changing to
southeasterly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast OfflclaL
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK Oct. 27.— stock market j
made a considerable display of strength during !
the early hours of the day. Later there were ;
occasional advances by individual stocks or
groups, some of "which saved gains on the day,
but In the majority of cases the active selling
movement of the last hour wiped out the ear
lier gains and carried prices In some cases
sharply below laet night's level. The motive
of the gelling was tile fear of an unfavorable i
bank statement to-morrow, as well as to take >
Rttractive profits on the week's advance. The i
high-priced industrial specialties and the Iron j
and steel stocks were conspicuous in the late
r<- action.
The most notable movement of the day was
the rise In some of the railroads running [
through the South and Southwest. The largo !
earnings shown by monthly returns caused the !
movement. The same motive advanced the i
price of Atchlson preferred and Northern Pa- i
cific. The speculation was mixed during the!
grf-ater part of the day, many of the leading j
Industrials drifting up and down at a level '
either side of last night's price. This was
true of Sugar, Tobacco, Manhattan and the
leather stocks. The last named were reaction- I
Cry parly in the day, but preferred stock came
Into active trading late In the day and gained
2H- Other strong spots were Rubber, General
Electrio, Laclede. Tennessee Coal. Colorado
Fuel and Chicago and Eastern Illinois pre
ferred. New York, Chicago and St. Louis pre
ferred dropped over 3 points on a single tran
saction without exciting any attention. There i
were various points of weakness in the minor
specialties. Stocks of companies having to do
with the metal industry were all Inclined to I
heaviness on account of the reactionary tend- i
ency in the price of the metals. The Iron and j
Etet'l storks were not exempt. Steel and Wire I
dropping an extreme 2%, with only a feeble
rally, Call money flurried to 10 per cent with
the late demand for loans to carry over until
Monday .md was quite firm at 6@7 per cent all !
day. According to statements by the leading
banks the net shipments of currency to the in
terior both by express and by deposits at the
sub-treasury for telegraphic transfer amount
to about 12.500. 000. Aftfr allowing for receipts
of a considerable Mini in gold 7rom the assay
office by the banks their loss to the sub-treas
ury still amounts to upward of $1,000,000. To
morrow's statement It therefore expected to
show a loss in cash of fully $3,500,000. Unless
the loan account of the banks has been'largely
diminished It is evident that the surplus re
eerve. which stood last Saturday at only $1,441,
--075, must have been wiped out and a deficit es
tablished.
The bond market eased off later in the day
In sympathy with stocks, but earlier gains
were not In all cases wiped out. Total sales,
par value, .$1.&1". •
United States bonds were unchanged in bid j
quotations. '
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ■ Cloning
Sold. Stocks— ' I.M
CO7 Atchison < 21%
10,110 Atchlson prefd 6514
2.100 Baltimore ft Ohio :... 61
MO Canadian Pacific 9574
Canada Southern 53
6,400 Chesapeake & 0hi0.....' 27
2.200 Chicago Great "stern 4] 14
S.twO Chicago Burlington •& Qulncy 132%
200 Chicago Ind .<. Louis liv
200 Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 42
-Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9(514 j
700 Chicago & Northwestern 169>a !
2.42r« Chicago Kock land & Pacific... 114*4
2.400 C C C & St Louis 69%
1,000 Colorado Southern 5
Colorado Southern Ist prefd ' 45'^
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16
310 Delaware & Hudson 122%
3,100 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 1922
000 Denver & Rio Grande 21 7
D 25 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 77:..
100 Erie 131;
1.022 Erie. lst prefd 3771
1,4-»r> Great Northern prefd ■ 174'
130 Hocking Coal is
400 Hocking Valley 32
Illinois Central 115
300 lowa Central 13%
340 lowa Central prefd 59
810 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gu1f...... 7ix
100 Lake Erie & Western 19
Lake Erie & Western prefd...:. ; 7914
Lake Shore l&s'
14,940 Louisville & Nashville $r,v t
15.750 Manhattan L 1 ni-\
• 1,000 Metropolitan Street Railway 1S«
200 Mexican Central., 13U.
100 Minn Si St Louis 72
Minn .v St Louis prefd -.. 94%
' 15.146 Missouri Pacific ...:...'. 47%
300 Mobile & Ohio 46
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
1.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 35%
2,600 New Jerael Central 12%
6.020 New York Central 138.
S.sr.O Norfolk & Western... ;.. 26%
2.C«0 Norfolk & Western prefd 76%
14.270 Northern Pacific 54 7
1,225 Northern Pacific prefd 75%
3,M8 Ontario <£• Western 25%
Oregon Railway & Nay. 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
3,4?8 Pennsylvania ./. 132%
300 Reading -...•........' 2314
11,900 Reading Ist prefd 60%
1,400 Reading Id prefd ....:..'.....-».'32%
100 Rio Grande Western.....-.:...-....:..'. 35
' Rio Grande Western prefd .'.'.. 7..... 81%
tit Louis &5an.Fran.........V,. ;..... 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70% I
Pt Louis A- San Fran Bd prefd 86\i I
c.25 St Louis Southwestern 12*4
2.000 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
8,650 St Paul 127%
500 St Paul prefd •-...172 !
St Paul & Omaha HO !
15,650 Southern Pacific SS% ;
31*550 Southern Railway _ 13Vi
30.288 Southern Railway prefd S«S I
S.OBO Texas & Pacific 19% '■
6.710 Union Pacific 46%
4,270 Union Pacific prefd 77% ;
Wabash . 7%
2.200 Waba-«h prefd •- 22V
B.SIO Wheeling & L E 11% !
1,600 Wheeling &LE 2d prefd 30 |
800 Wisconsin Central 17
Express companies
... Adams '. 134
2M American 150
United States SI
Wells, Fargo & Co's 130
Miscellaneous —
21,900 American Cotton Oil 45% :
American Cottcn Oil prefd 95U
1,030 American Malting 1314
1,400 American Malting prefd oH*.
260 American Smelting & Refining SS\
1,000 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 85% |
100 American Spirits 4 '
American Spirits prefd 17
SSO American Steel Hoop 42- '
.200 American Steel Hoop prefd 82 i
10,025 American Steel & Wire 47%
2.6^0 American Steel & Wire prefd 93
4,150 American Tin Plate 33%
290 American Tin Plate prefd 82%
5.500 American Tobacco 122
American Tobacco prefd 14* :
5.2.V1 Anaconda Mining Co 42 ! i
18.186 Brooklyn Rapid Transit , 85%
6.026 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55% :
3.200 Continental Tobacco ■. 13
1.000 continental Tobacco prefd 93
10.025 Federal Steel ....: 53%'
3,110 Federal Steel prefd 75»4 !
1.010 General Electric 120
2,250 Glucose Sugar 62
Glucose Sugar prefd M
1,000 International Paper 28%
270 International Paper prefd 71
225 Laclede Gas . 77 !
736 National Biscuit 40%
National Biscuit prc>rd 9$
850 National Lead 25%
National Lead prefd ...108%
250 National Steel 4* "
432 National Steel prefd 93%
New York Airbrake 142
1,010 North American „ 12*4
K0 Pacific Coast 50%
. Pacific Coast let prefd SS
1.250 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6674
400 Pacific Mail (Ml
1.980 People's Gaa  1151*
1,000 Pressed Steel Car 59 "
111 Pressed Steel Car prefd * S9U
622 Pullman Palace Car i?iu
1,650 Standard Rope & Twine » ' i
88,730 Sugar jg]
Sugar prefd 117%
5.370 Tennessee Coal & Iron •. us%
44,936 United States Leather 24%
15.615 United States Leather prefd ... 87-4
3.060 United States Rubber 48V
220 United States Rubber prefd 11'% '
Western Union :... •gs
1.450 Republic Iron & Steel ;...* 24
550 Republic Iron and Steel prefd '. fir-,
P C C & St Louis 74
526,400 Shares sold
CLOSING BONDS.
US 4s reg 100% M X & T Ids 69%
Do 3a reg 107%! Do 4.- ■> ■' |
Do 3s coup 108% x y ( > nt lsts 112" j
Do new 4s reg.. ..129 N J Cent gen 0h. ...120
Do new 4s coup.. 130 'No Carolina 65. ...127
Do old 4s rep.... 1 Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up...112%jN0 Pac lsts 113
Do 5s res; 110% Do 3s 66%
Do 5s coup ling Do 4s 102% i
Dls of Col 3.655.. ..11 l N V C & St L 45. .105
Ala class A 110 N& W con 45... 92%
Do class B 110 Do gen 6s 135
Do class C 108 Or Nay Ists 115 I
Do Currency 100 Do 4s 103%!
Atch Gen 4s 99%;0r Short Line to.. 128
Do adj 4s 86T4' Do con 5b 115 !
Can So 2ds 108 I Reading Gen 45.... 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95%' R Q\y late.... 7 .v
Do 5s 119% S L & I M con Be. 110%
C& N Con 7s 145 SL& S F Gen 6s. 124%
Do S F Lvb 55..106% St Paul Con IK9 - !
Chic Term 4s 97% St P C & P 15t5.. 121%
D & R G lsts 106 ! Do 5s 120
Do 4s 99% So Railway .108%
E T V & a 15t5.... 103% Stand R & T 65.... 84%
Erie Gen 4s 72 .Te** new set 35... '.'4
F W & D.C lsts.. 78V4i Tex & Pac 15t5.... 115 . '
Gen Electric 55.... 115 [ Do 2ds 50 j
G H & S A 65.. ..110 Union Pac 4s 104%'
Do 2ds 107 Wabash lata 116% :
H & T Cent 55. ...11 l Do 2ds :100% :
Do Con 6? 110 West Shore 4s 118% '
lowa Cent lsts. 114 Wig Cent lsts 74%
KCP & Q lsts.... 70% Va Centuries 88%
La new con 4s 106 Do Deferred 8%
L& N Uni 4s 99% Colo S 4s „... 85 '
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 2." Ontario 8 00
Crown Point lOlOphlr 70
Con Cal & Va 1 G5 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 75 "Quicksilver 1 50 I
Gould & Curry 28 Do preferred 700 j
Hale & Norcross... 27 Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 65 0" Standard 2 70
Iron Silver 53 t'nion Con 23
Mexican ...... .. 20 .'Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 1 Do prefd '....115
Call loans Westlngha Elec... 46
Time loans 5 . Wisconsin Central. 17
Stocks— Dominion Coal 44
Atch T & St Fe... 21% I Do prefd 117
Do prefd 66% 1 Bonds— . .
American Sugar... 152% jAtchison 45..". 99
Do prefd 117 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 373 Adventure K%
Boston & A1bany.. 250% Allouez Mm C 0.... 4
Boston Elevated. -.107% Atlantic 24
Boston & Maine. ..2o6 |Boston-& M ex dv.321
Chi H & Q 132%'Butte & 805t0n.... 66
Edison Elec 111 208 Calumet & Hec1a..735 I
Fitchburg prefd — 1."0 Centennial 25%,
Federal Steel 54 Franklin 15
Do prefd 7» 3 ; Humboldt 1%
Mexican Central... 13%'Osceola 82%
•Mich Telephone 106 Parrot .' 42
Old Colony 206 JQulncy 152
Old Dominion 27 ISt Fe Copper •. 9
Rubber 48 Tamarack 210
Union Pacific 46's Wolverines .... 39%
Union Land 3% Utah 35
West End 93%
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— Money on call firm at
• per tent: last loan, 9 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, EQSft per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 BT©4 5-7 1 * for demand and Jl >,:;,:
4 83H for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84 |
$4 gg(^| vKV 2 . (Vinmerclal bills, $4 K2f}4 B^.
Silver certificates, !iB(J?S9c. Bar silver, 577^c.
Mexican dollars, 47'^c. Government bon.ls.
steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds]
irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 27.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $292.M0,919; gold reserve,
$253,635,154. ' ______
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Ixmdon financial cablegram says:
The markets here opened rather dull to-day,
but became hard on early news of the vlc
toriOUS sortie at Kimberloy. The close was
cheerful on an unconfirmed rumor of a fresh
victory nt Lodysmlth. Consols responded with
an advance of 3-16 to 104%. '"onfldence was
ini'iartp.l further by expression of the opinion
now becoming general that there will be money,
squeezes as a result of th,e war. American se
curities were hard throughout the session and
closed steady. Tintos were fulrly active. Fa
vorites were Southern Railway Issues, Louis
ville and Nashville and Chesapeake and Ohio.
Spanish 4's were 81.
It is rumored that the Bank of Paris la ne
gotiating a ablg conversion of the Spanish loan
Tintos were 47^4; Anacondas, 9 1-lfi. The Bank
of England bought £26,000 gold In German coin
£15,000 was engaged for South Africa and
£15,000 for an undisclosed destination
Money, was erratic and in bills the tendency
was to greater ease.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, Sift; Union. Pacific pre-. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28. 1899.
f erred, 79%: Northern Pacific preferred. 77%:
Atchlson, 22%; Grand Trunk. 7%: Anaconda.
9%; bar silver steady, 26% d; money. 2@2V4 per
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
October 26, with the percentage of Increase and
• decrease, as compared with, the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Inc. Dec.
New York $1,038,292,758 37.2
Boston 146.10t;,805 39.0
Chicago 142.442.093 22.4
Philadelphia 93.775.89S 73.8
St. Louis 31,073.073 7.2 ....
Plttsburg 44,157,166 117.2
Baltimore 19.007.130 .... 2.6
San Francisco 19,-355,103 26.9
Cincinnati 15,266,600 31.0 ....
Kansas City 35,531,347 15.6
New Orleans 10,546,158 41.4
Minneapolis 14.295.002 23.1
; Detriot 7.447,201 8.1
Cleveland 11,360,094 46.5 ....
Louisville 7,692,393 21.6
Providence ■ 9,468,100 25.4
Milwaukee 5.508.852 10.6 ' ....
Ft. Paul 5,719,411 .... 2.0
Buffalo 5,fi33,844 28.2
Omaha 6,575,311 .... 15.7
: Indianapolis 6,789.469 24.1
Columbus, 0 • 5.534,600 23.9
Savannah 4,101,144 5.6
Denver 4,141. 43.7
Hartford 2,298,306 4.6
Richmond 2,900,01] 22.3
Memphis 2.935.036 45.0
Washington 2,52i,561 43.1
Peoria £.370,888 58.2
Rochester 1,860,062 14.8 ....
New Haven 1.465,636
Worcester 1.478,551 .... 6.3
Atlanta 1,798,797 14.0
Salt Lake City 2.975.9C0 C 3.1
Springfield. Mass... 1,407,579 12.9
Fort Worth 1. 559,793 .... 26.1
Portland, Me 1,210,828 17.6
Portland, Or 2.120.233 .... 2.3
St. Joseph 2.952.723 • .... 38.4
Los Angeles 1,743,323 42.6 /..-.
Norfolk 1,143.9*9 20.5
Syracuse .: 1, 148,454 10.6
I>es Moines 1,155.705 15.0
Nashville 1. 475.396
Wilmington, Del... 563.431 21.1
Fall River 989.431 38.7
Bcranton 1,318,492 64.0 ....
Grand Rapids 1,139. 37.3 |
Augusta, Ga 1.209, 154 15.3 .... !
Lowell K05.375 .... 6.2
■ Dayton, 0 936,557 22.5
Seattle 3,350,701 150.0 ....
Tacoma 1 1,225.472 28.0
Spokane ; " 1.718,646 88.7'
Sioux City • 1,293.4?7 32.0
New Bedford 5J6.547 22.6 ....
X: rvUle, Term... 678,740 7.2 ....
Topeka 690,143 4.2 ....
Birmingham 955.733 80.0 ....
Wichita 445.672 3.0
Blnghamton 352.200 ' 9.3 ....
Lexington. Kj 182,878 13.3 "
Jacksonville, Fla.. 212,109 8.1
Kalamazoo 306. 6 4 ....
Akron 324,000 10.3
Chattanooga 341.538
RockfcnL 111 302.529 34.8 ....
Canton, 0 277,750 39.8 .... i
Springfield, 0 279. 24.0 ....
Fargo, N. D 410.650 1".2 ' ....
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 172, 652 68.6
Hastings, ebr 141. 36.8
Fremont. Nebr 97.054 20 4
Davenport -515.11S 33.8
Toledo 1,958,814 20.3
Galveston 9.605.4.T0 .... 7.8
Houston 9,313,793 2.4
Little Rock 486.210 55.7
Springfield. 11l 555.905 59.6 .. .
M.i [I. Ga 598,000 .... 3.0
Helena 693.967 12.2
Saglnaw 362.790 ....
Evansville 1.126,585 ' " 6C.3
Youngstown 555, 47S 61.8
Totals, U. 5.... 51.790, 487,197 35.2 j
Totals o.u tside
New York 632,194,441 32.5 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal :.... $1".056,504 8.4
Toronto ' 11,302,501 26.1 ....
Winnipeg 3,209.671 36.7 ....
Halifax 1,582.075 27.2
Hamilton ....; S2S.SSI 38.1
St. John, N. B 718.2D3 24.4
Vancouver, B. C... 1,005,856 71.2 ....
Victoria, B. C 618,025
Totals $35,711,491 19.1 ....
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NSW YORK. Oct. 27— Rradstreet'a financial
review to-morrow will say:
A fair degree of activity and an enlargement
of public interest In speculation accompanied
a further though irregular rise of prices this
week. This movement was partly based on
the rec very of the London market, which in
the eari.- days of the week discounted the pos
sibility of a speedy ending of the Transvaal
war by a sharp advance, in which American
rails shared the honors with Kaffir mines. The
somewhat easier tone of money also lnfluenc ,1
speculation, and Ci nsi.k-rable relief was shown
when it became apparent that the recent rise
In foreign exchange rates was due largely to
exceptional transactions in securities: that no
gold was likely to be shipped to Lundon, and
that the Hank of England and t!ie London
money market recognized that It would be un
wise to create any extra pressure or disturb
ance in the financial situation here. Freed
from this apprehension, and meeting for some
days nt least with decreased demands fnr the
shipments of currency to the interior, the mar
ket for call loans yielded somewhat, the rates
(juute.l on la.^t Monday being 6 per cent or less.
The Increased activity and the advances in
stock prices on the succeeding days were, how
ever, accompanied by a harder tone in the loan
market, the rntes for money promptly ris
ing to above 6 per cent, and on Friday after
noon touched 10 per cent. This was acccompa
nied. moreover, by continued evidences of dis
crimination against Industrial collateral by the
tanks, the copper stocks in some instances
having it appears, been rejected In hank loans,
which can be readily understood in view of the
weakness of that claps of securities. Yet the
stock market was to all appearances more im
pressed by the talk of a speedy return of
money from the Interior to New York, and It
might be observed that lart'e bids were re
ceived for the $2,800,000 of New York City 3V4
per cent bonds which were offered this week,
the average of the bids being over 107.
The money situation was also influenced by
the favorable_statement of the Bank of England
and further decline of discounts on London.
The interest rates, therefore, did not materially
check the bullish feeling, though the industrial
stocks were held in check by the restrictions
which the last of facilities for carrying them
Impose. At the same time Wall street fully
recognized the Importance, from an industrial
stan. '.point, of the Dladng of contracts for
1,500,000 tons of steel rails at the recent ad
vanced prices, deliverable through the year
190 ft. thus insuring the activity and profitable
character of the steel industry of the T'nlted
a for another twelve months. ThPre has
Dot a little frosh outside buying of sto.k-.
even in the better class of industrials, and
commission houses were more of a factor In
the market. At the same time the upward
movement seemed to depend for pun-haslng
• on covering by the short Interest, sup
plemented by some renewed London buying and
by the bullish manipulation which pools and
large operators carried on in various parts <if
the stock list. '
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
A quieting down of distributive trade, mnre
particularly at retail. Is reported In telegraphed
advices to Bradstroet's this week, growing out
of the unseasonably warm weather now be
ing experienced In most sections of the coun
try. Reflection of this is found In less urgent
orders received by jobbers and In somewhat im
paired collections at many points. As regards
prices, however, thaw is no appreciable loss
of strength, the grent majority of quotations
remaining steady, and among those making
changes advances are still numerous. That
the business condition of the country remains
at an unprecedented volume is testlflod to by
the heavy gains noted In bank clearings over
a year ago and by the Immense increases in
railway earnings over exceptionally good re
turns last October. As regards the current ac
tivity in transportation it may be said that
eastbound traffic from Chicago in the past
month has been more than double that re
ported In the same period a year ago, and
twice as large as that reported In October,
18M, a record period of good trade. The ocean
freights situation is gradually Improving part
ly because high rates are attracting all dis
engaged tonnage and partly because the rhe> k
to foreign buying, ■ particularly of cereals,
caused by the advance in vessel rates, has
exercised a reflex action on the latter mar
ket. Simultaneously with the drop in freight
rates this week, has come a hardening of quo
tations for cereals, partly the result of this
improved foreign buying meeting the late de
cline and partly also because foreign and do
mestic demand for corn has not as yet brought
out the flood of offerings earlier looked for.
Wheat has been sympathetically strong, tm
have other cereals, and wheat flour has been
advanced this week. Coffee is firm, ■ but not
much higher on the week, some speculative
reaction having been noted. Among the leaS
ing products decreasing in price, tin and cop
per among the metals have been most notable,
the latter claimed to be due to production ap
proaching more to a parity with demand.
Cotton is fractionally lower aa the result of
a deadlock between foreign consumers and
American producers. The situation of cotton
goods, one of aggressive strength, is unques
tionably a supporting feature of no small ac
count. The strength of wool is natural. In.
view of the large sales. In woolen goods de
mand Is favorable and further price advances
are predicted. Lumber after slight hesita
tion nt some markets, due to enlarged sup
plies, Is again very firm, as are also hides
and leather, in sympathy with recent advances
In boots and shoes.
The situation of iron and steel Is perhaps
the most notable one yet presented. The feat
ure of the market is the reported booking by
the steel rail mitts of the country of nearly 75
per cent of their capacity for next year's de
livery. In all 1.500,000 tons of rails are re
ported to have been booked for delivery next
year, and there is In addition, considerable
unfinished business' on 1899 account, which it
Is claimed will still further enlarge the volume
of business handled next year. Heavy buying
of pig Iron, to cover some of the rail sales,
is reported In the Central West at prices little
below those ruling for some time past. In all
lines of business demand Is still very heavy,
demand for steel for cars, of plates for ship
building and for wire being additional signs
of Ftrength Demand fir hcrtlware is active
at nenrly all markets. The scarcity of sup
plies noted last week is still a feature and
jobbers nre still push»,l for prompt shipments.
Br.rbed wire, nails and hand implements tend
higher at some Eastern markets. Complaint
that present high prices are injuring our ex
port trade Is also heard.
Wheat, including fi.iur shipments for the
week aggregate 6.416.1 PS bushels, against 4,160.
--618 bushels last week. 5.660,991 bushels in the
corresponding week of IS9R 5.811,391 hushels in
1897. 3.625.0C0 bushels in 1896 and 2.713,014 bush
els In 1595. Since July 1 this season, the ex
ports of wheat aggregate 69,r.42.1C0 bushels,
ngalnst 67,071.880 bushels last year and 78.283,
--654 bushels in 1897-98.
Business failures for the week are 211 as
compared with 221 last week. 2V.1 In this week
a year ago, 218 In 1897, 246 In 1856 and 299 in
1595. Canadian failures for the week number
21, as compared with 20 last week. 23 in 1838.
29 In IS?7. 87 In 1596 and 48 In 1895.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NKW .YORK, Oct. 27.— R. G. Dunn & Co.'s
weekly, review of trade to-morrow will say
Fears and not facts made a war In South
Africa seem a menace to property here and a
week of conflict has cleared away the fear.
British markets for securities have been helped
by the belief that mining shares would be
worth more with no Boer contrul In mining re
gions.
Large purchases here of ammunition and
meats have swelled the balance due this coun
try. Honey markets hay grown less embar
rassing:, . stocks have gradually advanced, in
dustries are still supported by a volume of de
mand for which no precedent can be found
and payments through the principal clearing
houses for the past week have been 36.6 per
cent larger than last year and 57.3 per cent
larger than In 1892. So great an increase shows
the net business of many potent forces making
fur public prosperity.
The heaviest transactions in steel rails ever
made so early cover 1.500,000 tons for next year's
delivery, or two-thirds of the entire capacity
of the works.
The Pennsylvania is said to have taken 105,
--000 tons at '$33, but all the leading railroads ;
made large purchases and the price was then |
advanced to $35 per ton, the same works hay- !
Ing delivered during Ihe past year at $18 to |
$19. Great contracts for material follow, one j
concern having bought 100, 000 tons Bessemer i
pig at Pittsburg for $23, while 524 50 Is paid for
early deliveries, and 50, W0 tons billets were sold 1
to one concern there and 3n,000 at Wheeling, j
$T>S 50 being quoted, with slabs at $39 50 and ;
sheet bars at $36. Such transactions only sh.w
the general belief that such prices will run far
JntO next year. For structural work many !
orders appear, Including some of consequence j
for the East and for Cuba, and In bars the car |
and implement den and makes the Chicago mar- j
ket very strong, but at Pittsburg works a:ix?aty '
for future contracts has depressed the price to
?2 15, and in plate s.-.me works have nearly
caught up with contracts and are accepting
$2 75. Shots are also weaker, $3 05 bring quoted
at Pittsburg, as the proposed combination
seems to have failed.
Markets for minor metals are reacting, tin
having fallen to $30 62, with recovery to $31 25
on Dutch sales in October, 400 tons larger than j
usual, and lake copper Is largely offered, at '
$17 37. Lead Is a shade lower at $4 67% and
spelter Is demoralized and offered at $5. Coke
holds strong, shortness of cars hindering de- i
liveries, though more ovens than ever before are \
producing.
Wheat remains practically unchanged, while i
Atlantic experts, flour included, have been 12.
-532.841 bushels In four weeks, aeainpt 13,483,056
last yf-ar, and Pacific exports 2,197.771, against '
8,124,806 last year. Western receipts fall short
and in four weeks have been only 30,022,530 ,
bushels, against 40.150.fi09 last year.
Without concert there is probably some wait-
Ing for better prices by farmers.
Pallures l.ir the week are 190 in the United
States, against 226 last year, and 23 In Canada,
against 34 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
HT3S9 YORK. Oct. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts. 17,
--304; exports, 15, 692; sales, SOOO packages. Mar
ket firm, notwithstanding the decline In wheat.
Western holders offering sparingly and refus
ing to consider lower offers. Closed firm for
low grades and steady for higher qualities.
WHEAT - Receipts, 425,500; exports. 151,425;
sales, 1.625-.000 futures, ie.OOO spot. Spot— Weak;
No. '2 rod. 754 cf. o. b. nn\>at; Northern I>u
luth, 7t%c f. o. b. afloat to arrive new; No. 1
hard Duluth, 80% cto arrive; No. 2 red, 73% c
elevator. Options tpened weak at a decline of
J ,fcc under increased Northwestern receipts and
poor exaort, and further declined %c to %c,
liquidation being active in anticipation of an
increase of 1.. '.00,000 bushels in the visible sup
ply by Monday; closed weak at a net decline of
'/^c to %c. March, 785»'&7&Hc. closed 78% c;
May, 7*V-'7a 3-16 c, closed 7S"4c; December, 75V*
®76% c, closed 75Vic.
HOPS— DuII.
HIDES-Steady.
WooL— Quiet.
MKTALS— To-day's market was an uninter
esting one. Buyers held aloof in the absence
of imsortant news from abroad or the West
and in view of a concessionary attitude of sell
ers. The undertone of the market was weak,
though prices as a rule were nominally un
changed. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlG lOßON— Warrants, very dull, at $17@18.
LAKE COPPEB^-Quiet, at $17 CO.
TlN— Unchanged, at $31 bid and $31 20 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with 14 67%0 bid and
I $4 62V2 asked.
SPELTER— Weak, with $5 bid and $5 10
asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper 117 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged,
to 6 points higher. Sales, 24,250 bags, includ
ing November, $4 90; December, $5 10; Janu
ary. $5 15; March, $r. 25; May, $5 35; September,
$5 55.
Spot coffee- -Rio, firm: No. 7 invoice, 6 11-16 c;
No. 7 jobbing, 6 9-16 c. Mild. firm.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, held hither. Fair re
fining, 3 13-16 C bid; centrifugal. 96 test, 4 i:.-16c
bid; molasses sugar, 3 9-16 c bid; refined, firm.
BUTTER — Receipts, 3087 packages; firm.
Wp3tern creamery, !7'<?24c; June creamery, 19@
B%c; factory, 1414@17c.
EGGS— Receipts. .".."31 pa^ka^es; dull. West
ern ungraded at mark. 14'glSc.
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2"!— California dried fruits,
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@7c;
prime wire tray, 7%@Sc; choice, B%@S%c; fancy,
B%Q'9c. ■
PRUNES— 3%ifS%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13015 c; Moorpark, ir.f?lSc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, 20@22c; unpeeled, 7%@10c.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27.— Porter Bros. Com
pany's *a>s of California fruit: Grapes—To
kays, $1 20tf/l 35. half-crate, and $2 6602 SO,
double crate; Cornlchons, Jl 60, half-crate.
Pears— Winter Nellls, $3 50 box. Peaches—Bil
yeauo, $1 40 box.
Karl Fruit Company's sales: Grapes— Tokays,
$1 06®l 50 single. $2 3fl'g2 SO double crates.
Prunes— ltalians, 9Ecofl 10 single crates. Eight
cars of fruit were sold.
CHICAGO, Oct. 27.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales of California fruit: Grape's— Malaga. 80c'ji
tl 30. single oratto: Tokays. $I^l3o. Prunes—
Italians, So<JiSsc. Five cars of fruit were sold.
Chicago Grain Market.
' HK'AGO, Oct. 27. — Wheat opened weak and
alter a feeble effort to cover showed a de
clining tendency for the remainder of the ses
sion. Nearly everything combined to create a
bearish sentiment. Argentine shipments for
the week were unusunlly large, amounting to
1.072.0W bushels. Crop conditions in that coun
try were reported promising, the scarcity of
ocean vessels alone preventing enormous ex
ports. Such evidence of the undiminlshed ship
ping capacity of the South American republic,
coupled with a steady increase in the do
mestic visible supply, • disheartened holders of
long Wheat, who unloaded freely. There was
Kin oonaiderable selling for the short account,
and as the demand was sluggish the market
sagged steadily until near the ond, when cov
ering startod an upturn. The improvement
was only temporary, however, as liquidation on
a heavy scale followed and the market closed
weak within a fraction of the bottom of the
day's range. A slack cash demand and ra
porte of the excellent condition of the winter
Wheat as a result of the recent heavy rains,
stimulated the selling movement. December
opened %<SV*c lower at 70%@70%c, touched 70%
@70%e, declined to 70V.C and advanced to 70% c
and declined to 70% cat the close.
Corn was strong and active early, but event
ually weakened under liquidation, encouraged
by an estimate by an authoritative statistician
that "the total yield would amount to '2,200,000,
--000 bushels instead of 2,000,000,000 as predicted
by the Government bureau. A disappointing
poor cash demand was also against the mar
ket, but country buying owing to wet weather
and moderate receipts prevented any important
break. December closed with buyers at 31%e.
Oats were extremely dull and lost a fraction
In sympathy with Corn.. December closed at
Provisions were, flat and entirely without in
cident, the range 'being just wide enough to
permit of an occasional quotation. January
Pork nnd Lard closed a shade higher and Janu
ary Ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— • Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October .... 6914 ' 69% ' 65% 68%
December 70% 70% 70% 70%
Ma >" , 74% 74% 73% 74
Corn No. —
December 32% 32% 31% 31%
May 33% 33% 32% 33
Oats No. —
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May ;.,.. 2414 4% 24% 24%
■ Mess Pork, per barrel-
December 8 02% 805 800 805
January 9 65 9 60 9 55 9 60
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December 5 20- 5 20 6 20 6 20
January 5 37% 540 537% 640
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
December 4 SO 4 80 4 80 4 80
January 495 4 97% 495 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy;
No. 2 spring wheat, e9@72c: No. 3 spring wheat.
64@71c: No. 2 red, 71c; No. 2 corn, 32?; c; No. 2
oats, 23c; No.. 2 white, 26c; No. 3 white. 25@
25% c; No. 2 rye, 54% c; No. 2 barley, 39@43%c:
No. 1 flaxseed. $1 29%; prime timothy seed,
$2 30; mess pork, per barrel, $B*5 S 05; lard, per
100 pounds, $5 22%@5 25: short ribs sides (loose),
14 90@5 10; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $:. 75®
5 87%; short clear sides (boxed), $5 35@5 45;
whisky,, distillers' -finished goods, per gallon,
$1 24; sugars, cut loaf. 6.70 c; granulated. 5.18 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 20,000
Wheat, bushels 123.000 3.000
Corn, bushels 355,000 448,000
Oats, . bushels 307,000 287,000
Rye. bushels 9,000 2,00<)
Barley, bushels 91,000 84,000
1 On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
, market was slow and weak; creamery, 1.W22c;
j dairy. 14@lflc. Eggs, strong; fresh, lT'glZ'ic.
Cheese, strong; creams, 12rftl2Vic.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 liy* 6 % 6 %
Closing 5 11^4 6 % 6 1
PARIS.
Wheat— ( Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening '. 18 30 19 15
Closing ..IS 25 19 00
Flour —
Opening 24 65 25 40
Closing 24 60 25 30
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Qet. 27.— There was an unusually
good demand for cattle to-day at the recent
advance in prices, which are on an average
of 15c higher than a week ago. Good to fancy
steers sold at $5 50@6 75; common to medium,
$4 lO^j ri 46; stockers and feeders, $2 60Q4 75;
cows and heifers and bulls, $2@3 15; Texas,
$3 2504 70; calves, $5(37 75.
Larger receipts than expected resulted In a
further decline of 5c in hogs. Fair to prime
lots, $4 2CKTi » 45; heavy packers. $3 8004 2";
mixed, *4 IMJ4 32M>; butchers'. $4 15@4 45; light
weights, |4v4 35; pigs. S3 6094 25.
Trade in sheep was active at steady prices.
Poor to choice sheep hrought $2f< 4 25; Western
rangers selling at $3 s<><ij'4 25. and prime year
lings. 14 25@4 35; Inferior to choice lambs,
$3 7.'«?5 35.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 26,000; sheep,
Sales of Sheepskins.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— A sale of sheepskins was
held In Mincing Lane to-day. The skins of
fered numbered 129,248, and were in good con
dition. The quantity sold was 120.756. Long
wooled were %d and short-wooled Vid higher.
The bulk of the skins offered went to the home
trade. :
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 27.— Clearings, $398,645;
balances, $38,544. •
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 27.— The local wheat
market is about as near lifeless as it well could
he. Exporters to-day refused to quote above
55c for Walla Walla, but others quoted 56®56%c,
and the latter offer was refused for one lot on
the ground that 57c had been offered by a com
peting firm. Valley, nominally, 57@57Hc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 27.— Wheat, %c higher
to-day. Glub, 56V£c; blue stem, 5S%c.
Foreign Markets.
. LONDON, Oct. 27.— Consols, 104 5-16; silver,
26% d: French rentes, lOOf 37'4c; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet and steady; cargoes on passage,
nominal, unchanged; No. 1 standard California,
30s 4%d: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 27.— WHEAT— Dull; wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
rainy.
COTTON— Upland*. 3 31-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot. Bteady; No. 2 red spot West
ern winter, 5h lOVfed; No. 1 Northern spring, fis
Id. Futures, quirt; December, os ll%d; March,
6s %d; May, Gs Id.
CORN— Steady; spot American mixed new.
3s 7d; old. 3s 7d. Futures— November quiet, 3s
7%d; December, 3s SVsd; January, 3s 7%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 488
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars : 48 48%
Fine Silver, per 0unce....... — 57%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— market continues to decline,
both on and off call. •
Chicago opened firm, but inactive: but subse
quently declined under sales. by scalpers. Gen
eral heavy rains were reported in the winter
belt. Broomhall cabled a large, spot demand for
Wheat and Corn. . Later on Corn weakened on
Snow's bearish crop estimate, and Wheat sym
pathized, owing to the dullness of the market.
An advance of VI in consols Increased the bear
pressure. Argentine shipments of 1,500,000 bush
els were reported. -
Spot Wheat— Shipping, *106»4@107i4; milling.
$1 10©l 12&.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
10.000 ctlß, $109%; 2000, .$1 09%. May— 2ooo,
$1 16%.
Second Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 09%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 6ooo ctls,
$1 09%: 4000, $1 09%; 28,000, $1 09; 8900, $1 08%. May
S000,|116%; 4000, « 16%; 12.000. ni6; 14,000,
$1 15%; is, coo. $1 15%.
Afternoon May— 4ooo ctls, $115%; 10,
--000, fl 15%. December— 2ooo, $1 CSV 2000, $IjOS%.
BARLEY— The market Is now neglected, both
on and off call, arid quotations for Feed are re
duced. It is reported, however, that prices are
higher in the country than on this market. ;
■ Feed, 80@87%c; Brewing and shipping grades,
90@97%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session — No sales. -.:. . ;
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. _ .V
OATS— The market is dull, as usual Just be
fore collection day, but prices retain their firm
ness. Higher prices are peing paid in the coun
try than on this market, the difference being 50c
per ton. White, $1 10@l 30; Red, $1 07%®l mi-
Gray. SI 07%@l I'M; Black, 97%c@U 10. • \
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, Jl 05(31 071, • 1
White. $105@107V4; mixed. $1 02@l 06 per ctl '
RYE— per ctl. •
BUCKWHEAT—
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 75,
usual terms: bakers" extras, $3 4G@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per barrel for
extra. J3 25(g3 40 for bakers, and J2 25&J for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS- Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 ES; Oatmeal s'l 25-
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $3 2533 50-' Buck
wheat Fiour. »4'g N 4 20; Cracked Wheat, $3 75 •
Farina, J4 f.O: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50- Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 05@6 45; in sacks. *S. BStfW2S;
Pearl Barley. »5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas
J5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstitffs.
Bran Is weaker, under receipts of 9000 gks
from Oregon, but prices are no lower.
Wet Hay continues to depress the market.
and dry Hay commands a premium. Dealers
are breaking into country warehouses in order
to get dry stock, ami this adds $1 50 per ton to
the price. In other words, when the wet Hay
gets cleaned out of the market sellers will have
to advance prices $1 60 per ton to get out even
on their holdings.
BKAN- {l7 SOOIB per ton.
MIDDLINGS— M9<S>2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS.-Rolled Barley. $18 50@19 per
ton; OH Cake Meal at the mill, $Cfi^27; Jobbing,
f?7 EOffitS; Cocoanut Cake, {20021; Cornmeal,
$23 50024 30; Cracked Corn, $24<g25: Mixed Feed.
$1»; sr,(Tii7: Cottonseed Meal. J2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $S<S9 lor common to B">nd and
$9 50@10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 50@9 50;
Oat, $6 5008 50: Barley. $a(S'7; Island Barley, $5
S6; Alfalfa, $si@'7 per ton; Compressed, $7©9 per
ton.
STRAW— 3o<g*4oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The Bean market seems to have come to a
standstill. Thpre is no weakness apparent, but
the advance has halted, except in Blaokeye,
which is still "higher. The demand continues
good.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 500! 60; small White. $2 85
(MSB; Jaree White, $:'■■•■-' 111 Pink?. $2 35(9
$2 45; Reds. $3So<f3 75: Blackeye, $4 50; But
ters, $3; Lima. *4 !«"'WS: Pea, %2 75@3; Red
Kidneys. $2 6001 70 per ctl.
SRET'S— Brown Mustard, 3@3Mic; Yellow
Mustard, 4©4Vsc; Flax, nominal: Canary,
34c ncr lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 24®3c; Hemp, 4@44c;
Timothy. iiHMiC.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green< $1 75
01 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There Is no particular change In anything.
The demand and supply about balance.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60^6.'^; Early Rose,
nominal; Burbanks. 50570 c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, $l(?n 25; Oregon Burbanks, 75c051;
Sweet Potatoes, 75c for Rivera and $1 15 for
Merced.
' ONIONS-Kr'/575c per Ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2@4c per lb
String Beans, 3'f4c; Lima Beans, SH-fiSc:
Cahhage, 50c; Tomatoes. 15(540c; Egsr Plant,
60©75 c: Dri^d Okra. 12% c per Ihr Garlic. 2W3c:
Green Peppers. 7Bc(?$l per box: Carrots, 30'(?40c
pfr sack: Cucumbers, SO-fi^Sn; Marrowfat
Squash, $B@lo per ton; Mushrooms, 20® 25c
per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues In a state of demoralization,
as there are large lines of Eastern Ftill unsold
on the market, and most kinds are lower and
dull.
Game shows no partlclar change, arrivals be
ing light as usual.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob- J
biers and 13(514c (or Hena: Younic -Turkeys ]n!75 ]
16c; Geese per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 50@
1 .a: Ducks, $4@4 50 for old and $4 r»n<T6 for
young; Hens, M®s; Young Roosters, 13 2503 50; I
?, ,2, Roosters, M©4 50: Fryers, $303 25; Broilers, ,
»3@325 for large, $303 25 for small: Pigeons,
$1 25 per dozen for Old and fl 5001 75 for
Smiah.«.
GAME— $1 5001 75: Mallard, $6©B; Can
vasback, $6012; Sprig, $304 50; Teal. $3 50@5;
Widgeon, $2 5003; Small Duck, $2(52 50: Doves
75c per dozen; Hare, $150; Rabbits, $175
for Cottontßlls and $1 75 for Small- Orav Gep?e
$3 5004 50; White, $150; Brant, $1 5002 50- Engl
lish Snipe. $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $150.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs are weak and quiet at the
recent decline, and supplies of both are ample.
There is no change in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 30c; seconds.
Dairy— Fancy. 26(f27c; good to choice, 24@25c
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 22024 c; firkin, 21022% c; cream
ery tub, 22%©240.
Eastern, 17',4c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— mild new. ll%c; old. lf>%@
lie: Young America, ll'^c; Eastern, 14015 c
EGGS— at 25032HC for store and 37%@
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 28030 c for
selected, 25©27}4c for No. 1 and 20@22V40 for
seconds.
. Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
It Is almost impossible to sell Melons, even
at the low prices.
Berries are quiet at about the same quota
tions.
Table Grapes are dragging at the weaker
prices. Wine Grapes are In light supply and
Bti ady.
Citrus fruits show no change.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35£z65c per box for common; 75ciS$l
for pood to clinlee and $1 2551 50 for fancy
BERRIES— Blackberries. H96 per chest;
Strawberries, $9@lo per chest for small and J2@
350 for large berries; Raspberries, $4ig6 per
chest: Huckleberries, 6<§Sc per 1b; Wisconsin
Cranberries IK . r >o<s7 50 Tier hbl : Cape Ced i>an
berries, $7 s^B; Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 50 per
barrel and $2 per bos.
Grapes, 2fW73T)C for Black, 25@40c for Muscat
25fi35c for Tokay; 30(c?10c for Cornichon: crates
sell 10@15c higher; Wine Grapes, $24'f?27 per
ton for Zlnfnndel, $20@24 for other black and
tor White.
Cantaloupes. 25@50c per crate; Nutmegs, 10®
25c i>er box.
Pomegranates. sOcosl per box.
Winter Pears. "sC(jsl 25 per box.
Oulnres. 75c^$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, • 75c05l 50 for
common, and $2^4 for pood to choic?; Mexican
Limes, $4fg>4 50; California Limes, ; Ban
anas, $1 o*JCtjii iO p*r bunch; Pineapples, jl@2 5u
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Nectarines are hardly worth quoting, sup
plies being practically exhausted. Apples and
Peaches continue the best sellers in the whole
list. Prunes are weak and quiet. Nuts and
Raisins are firm and in demand.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4»ic for
40-BOs, *%c for 60-60s, 3%c for 60- 70s, 3V4c for
70-SOs, 2%c for 80-90s and 2%@2%c for 90-100s;
Apricots, ll@l3c for Royals, 12%@160 for
Moorparks and ]2ffl4c for Blenheims: Peaches,
s%<ti6c for Standards, 6<,4!iJ7c for choice and 714
@Sc for fancy, peeled Peaches, ll@13c; Evapo
rated Apples, G?}7Uc: Sun-dried, 4%@5c per lb;
Nectarines, 7%(fißc per lb for red and S@9c for
■white; Pears, 6UigSc for quarters and B@loo for
halves; Black Figs. 3@4c; White Figs. &36% c;
Plums, 6@6%c for pitted and 1%@2%c for un
pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, p«r
lb, 10c: choice, 9c: standard, Sc; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, B%c: choice, 7'<. c; standard, 6%c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
PO-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown locse Muscatels, s>,£c;
3-crown, GUc: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box : 3-crown, $1 60. ' Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, . $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping, points
In "California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, l!">e; Walnuts, Slg^e for
standards.' and 9%@10c for tshell : Al
monds, 10U@12%c for paper-shell. 9@loc for
soft and tfpSc for hard-shell ; Peanuts, 5%@6%c
for Eastern, and Be for California: Brazil
Nuts, &%@9o: Filberts. ll@ll%c; Pecans, 7u,@
8c; Cocoanuts, $4 50©5.
■ HONEY— Comb. liv ; c for bright and lOi^e for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi@7%c
light amber extracted. 6',<>@7c; dark. 6%c per
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. •
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report.
CURED MEATS - Bacon, 5c per lb for heavy,
D^SflOe for light medium, ll^e for light, 13c for
extra light and 13>ic for sugar-cured; Eastern j
sugar-cured Hams. 14c; California Hams, 13V4c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50: extra
clear. $16 50; mess, $ir>@ls 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «fff6"'ic per lb for
compound and 7>>4e for pure; half barrels, pure
Sc: 10-lb tins, B\c; 5-Ib tins. 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7V«>7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
"Wool Is active and firm and prices show
some improvement Jacob Wollner's circular
says:
"Our market, for the last few days, has been
very lively. Free and choice wools are selling
;it an advance of from 1c to- 2c per pound, but
for defective wool there is no demand and for
what little there is is very low compared with
free wools.
"Eastern markets are reported strong and ac
tive with an upward tendency. In Australia
and New Zealand prices are 50 per cent higher
than they were a year ago.
"The outlook is good for wool, especially free
choice stock."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, IKcJliy-c; medium, lOVj: light, 9^c; Cow
hides, M§®loc; Stags, BVifM'/fcc; Salted Kip,
B%C; Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
brands, 13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 15»4@16c: Dry
Calf, 17S?lRc: Sheepskins, yearlings, 2O*i3<V:
each; short Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@
90c; long Wool. 90c<g$i 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2^3 for large and $1 25@1 CO for small;
Colts, i'tft F.f>c
T ALLOW— No. 1 rendered. o x -i'^h%c per lb;
No. 2. 4V4<?jsc; refined. ; grease, 3%c.
WOOL— Spring Clips are out.
Fall Clip — San Joaquin plains. fAiSWr: South
ern, l&lfic; Mi. ldle County. in*il2Hc; Humboldt
and Mendocino, lniJJlfic; Eastern Oregon. ll@15c;
Vajley Oregon, I.VSISo; Northern Mountain,
free. 11018 c; Northern Mountain, defective, 9@
lie per lb.
HOPS-4013C per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices for all descriptions remain about the
same.
BEEF— 7@7#c per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows. • '
• VEAL— 7@loc per lb.
-.; MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7@7V4c
LAMB— Spring, • 7H@B%e per lb, . " - .':
LAMB— Spring- 7H@B\4c per lb.
•; PORK—Llve Hogs, 6V40 for small, 6V4@s«io.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
5a . £& ■£*
MONDAY, Oct. 30, at 11 o'clock
I Will Sell at BRICKER'S SALE YARD.
VALENCIA AND HERMANN STS.,
Fifty head of horses suitable for all purposes.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
for medium and 69634 c for large: stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs. 7@B^jc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. I®TV*c; Wool
Bag?. 88©38 c; Fruit Bass. 6c, 6^c and 6%c for
the three grades of white and 74c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50: Scotch, $S; Cumberland. $9 50 in bulk and
$10 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12; Cannei, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and 114 .in sacks.
RlCE— China mixed. $3 70<??3 75; China No. 1,
$4 30@4 75; extra do. $4 90^5 20: Hawaiian. $50
5 12"*; Japan, $4 374@4 874; Louisiana. $5&6.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining .Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered. 5%c; Candy Granulated. sc; Dry Granu
lated. 4%c; Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A, — . Magnolia A, 44c ; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C, 4',4c: barrel?, l-16c more: half barrels, Ma
more; boxes. %c more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes.
5%0 per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
For Friday, October 27.
Flour, <y oks ... 24.399 Fugar. bbls 190
Wheat, ctls 6.300 Chicory bbls .... 40
Barley, ctls 7,460 Lime, 'bbls 317
Oats, ctls 4.650 Eggs doz 4,590
Cheese, ctls 94 Wine, pals 28,050
Butter, ctls 95 Leather. nMls ... 63
Tallow, ,-tls 341 Quicksilver, neks 151
Beans, sks 224 Raisins, bxs 1.4^
P.tatoes. ek3 ... 8,160 Hides, no 310
; Onions, ska 575 Pelts, bells 175
Bran. Rks 1, 430 Wool, bags 156
Middlings, sks .. 120 Hay. tons 656
I Alfalfa Seed, sks. 160 Straw, tons 15
! Sugar, sks 220 Hopes, bales 88
OREGON.
' Flour, qr sks ... 14,165 : Bran, sks 9.007
i Wheat, ctla 45 Middlings, sks .. 550
Oats, ctls 1,000 Flaxseed. sks .... 510
I "Potatoes, sks .... 619'
Family Retail Market.
Butter and Eggs are weakening , as usual at
this time of year, and both- have probably
touched their highest points this year. Cheese
Is unchanged.
Poultry has been in enormous supply this
week, some ten cars having come In from the
Kant. Game Is also in belter supply, though
prices are still high.
The summer Fruits and Vegetables continue
to get scarcer, and will soon disappear alto
gether.
The following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, Der ton
Cannel $ @10 00 Castle Gate. ..ll BO®
Wellington . @10 00 SoutHfleld
New Welling- Wellington @9 50
ton ©10 00 Coos Bay ®7 00
Seattle 8 00®
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs 25@30
square SfyH — Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll — @55 dozen i 5@ —
Do, good 50® — Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal — 15 1 pound 12015
Cheese, Eastern.. 17@20 Do, extracted.... @lo
Cheese, 5wi55... ,.20@25
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 12@17'Pork. fresh 15'3 > 20
Beef, choice 18020 ! Pork, salt L2@ls
. Do, good 10@15 Pork Chops 15<g)13
Corned Beef .— @lo Round 5teak..... .10® 12
Ham, Cal '.....15017 Sirloin Steak 15@—
Do, Eastern ..17V41120 Porterhouse, d0...20@25
Lard 12@15 Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton 10@15|Pork Sausages.. 12 1
Lamb 12<gl5|Veal 15@20
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50@63 Quail, per d0r... 2 25
i Young Roosters, Mallard, pair.Jl 50<§2 00
each 50060 Canvasback. palr..sJoa
Old roosters, ea..50@60j Sprig, per pair...7sc@sl
Fryers, each 40@ — Teal, per«palr....7sc@jl
Broilers, each 35@40| Widgeon, per pr..754£—
Turkeys, per lb...l7@2o'Small Duck, per ■
Ducks, each 50@60 pair 60®60
Geese, each.. sl 2501 50 Wild Geese, per
Pigeons, pair ....40050 pair — 050
Rabbits, pair 50060 1 English Snipe, dz.J3 00
Hare, each — Jack Snipe ...$3 00
Doves, per doz $1001
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb .. — 15@20 Lemons, doe Xo@2s
Apples *<3> 6 Limes, per d0z.. .15020
Bananas, doz 20@25 Pears, per lb 5@ 8
Blackberries, per 'Raisins, lb s@lo
drawer 40@50 1 Raspberries, per
Cranberries, qt.. .10012 drawer '. Ss@sO
Cantaloupes, ea... 10015 Strawberries, per
Nutmeg Melons... s@lo : drawer 25@50
Grapes, per lb 40* 6 Walnuts, lb — @15
Huckleberries. 1b.10@12 .;■/-.
Vegetables —
Artichokes, d0z... 25050 , Lettuce, do* 15®—
Beets, doz 12015 Onions, lb 2(^ 3
Beans, white, In.. 5@ — Okra, dry, per lb. — @25
Colored, lb *ip 5 Peppers, green, lb S@lo
Lima, lb 6@ Potatoes, lb 3@ 5
Cabbage, each ... 6@lo Sweet Potatoes... 3@ 4
Cauliflowers. each's@lo Parsnips, doz ....ISO-
Celery, bunch ... s@— Radishes, dz bchslO@l3
Cucumbers, d0z. ..15<f?20 Sage, doz bnchs..2s@3s
Cress, doz bnchs.2o@3s String Beans, lb. 6@ »
Egg Plant, per lb 6@ 8 Summer Squash,
Green Corn, per per. lb 6<<?B
dozen Thyme, lb 20@30
Green Peas, 1b... 65? Turnips, doz 10015
Lentils, lb 6© B|Tomatoes, lb 40 5
Fish '
Barracuda 15@20| Shrimps — @io
Carp — (?12 Shad — @15
Codfish 15@1S ! Sea Base — @—
Flounders 15® — Smelts — 020
Halibut — @— Soles — @15
Herring ...— @— Skates, each 10015
Kingflsh 15@20 Tomcod r-®ls
Mackerel — <3 — Clams, gal 50@ —
Do, Horse — @— Do hardshell, 100 40 .">0
Perch ...12@15 ; Crabs. each 10015
Pompano — # — 1 Do softshell, 25<535
Rockflsh 160101 Mussels, gut 10@12
Salmon, smoked .20®— j Oysters, Cal, 100..40@50
Salmon, fresh .160201 Do Eastern. dz.25@40
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a light business in securities on
the morning session of the Bond . Exchange.
Bank of California advanced again to $407,
while Gas & Electric was lower at $61 12%@
60 87% and Equitable Gas declined to $5 75.
Trading was dull In the afternoon and quo
tations showed little change. .
The Giant Powder Company has declared a
dividend of 50 cents per share, payable Novem
ber 10.
The California Powder Company paid a divi
dend of $1 per share on the 20th.
The Central Light and Power Company paid
a dividend of 5 cents per share on the 20th.
The Pacific Lighting Company's dividend of
35 cents per share will be paid on November 6.
The San Francisco Gas and -Electric Com
pany will pay a dividend of 42 cents per share
on the Ist.
' The Alaska-Mexican Company's quarterly
dividend of 10 cents per share will be paid to
day.
The Alaska-Treadwell Mining Company will
pay a quarterly dividend of 37% cents to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Oct. 27-* p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid Ag i,
U S Bonds— ■ Mutual El Co 14 ' 15
4s quar coup.. — — O L& H. 47 49
4s quar reg.... — — Pae Gas Imp.. — .63
4s quar new... — 131% Pac Light Co.. 41 -
3 \?, uar ,. coup — 108% S F G & E.... 61 6114
Miscellaneous— San Fran ' iv. <u£
Cal-st Cab 55.117 - Stockton Gas" 12 -
C C Wat 55.. .107 107% Insurance^"
fVcFrv Urn ~ F £em r s a Fu^d.22O .
5^St R s£:^ 9! a^cli loo^--
H C & S 5%5..107% - • Bank of Cai"" - • I
L A Ry 5s .105* - Cnl SD&f" -• "
L Do gtnd S5" 99 ' If'™ 1 National - 245
E°o SSS Is 3 :: i 9 z e n r a.... -• «
LA& P R 55. 104 — Nev Natßk-.::ii%190
Market-8t 65.. -1M livings Bank«
Do Ist Mdo 116 - GersTt i-nn~
vC N G R?;'m ~ Hum & L...1700 1160
X Pnfr.^ ll'Vii Hum S & L--1050 1160
ii of C« 1?• « - Mut Say 8k..: 39 * 2 *
IS XX Of Cal 55. 113 — IS F Snv TI r M
NPC R R 105 108 Say & I So" - 824
v CaY R R 8 -!?? 108 !S^ Sav L Ik/. - MO*
OCi ' * S I ml i« Unlon T C 0..1400. .1400 1440
n«k T Trf i 1?! U ? street Railroads
nmrß s""«i- U> California . . : . 121 124
Om C Ry 65...126 Vi — IGearv 50 —
■Pk*& cl I 65.115 - Oak L&H.- %50
r"K <Sc <J Ky 65. 115 — " Onlr <5 T X- tt ■ t;n
P° w |. 1 -s.tß>- 122 Presidio 25 30
Sac El G&R5s; — — Powder—
1£ ¥ £ f,, 5s - lu V; - California ....156 170
I-Tj & ? Vos ' - m^ E Dynamite... 85 96
I ? , Of l al6s -10«^110 Giant Con Co.. 84 Si%
■SPC6 s( w' mV - i v &_ * 2%
o tr c 65(130a). — — Sugar
8 PC 6s(19O6).lll — . Kana P C 0.... 11% 12
SPC 65(19:2).11SV 4 - Haw C ft- Co 96$ 97
I L « l8 cs - 104 — Honokaa S Co. 34% —
Ir 2r 8 i V. . .122 ■ — Hutch S P Co. 29 29U '
I V Wat 6 6 ...-.113y 4 n4 KUau a S S C C o°: 25 30*
I V- wat 45... .103*1 — iMakawell <? Co — 49%
S V W4 5 (3dm).101£102% O^mla's^S 5*
Btktn Gaa bs.. — — IPaauhau S Co. 35 55*4-
Continued on Pags Thirteen.NEWHOUSE IS
CHARGED WITH A
SERIOUS CRIME
Accused of Commit
ting Forgery.
E. WILTSEE THE PROSECUTOR
♦■ — -
COLONEL DCOLITTLE SWEARS TO
THE WARRANT.
Detectives Cody and Dillon Search for
Prisoner a Week nnd Finally
Capture Him — Story of
the Offense.
Oscar Xewhouse, a mining man, was
arrested last night by Detectives Dillon
and Cody on a warrant sworn to by Colo
nel Jefferson Dooliitle, charging him with
forgery. The detectives had been in
starch of Newhouse since Tuesday.
The forgery is alleged to have been
committed by .Mr. New house several
months ago. but the complaint was not
sworn to before for various reasons. The
prisoner is suid to have gone to the Ful
iun Engineering and Mining Company
and purchased a lot of pipe lor $312. On
receiving the bill for the pipe he by some
means got possession of a blank billhead
■>f the corporation and hi typewriting
made out * bill for $612.
Having done this he Is alleged to have
receipted it per Heynemann, secretary.
and sent it to Mr. AViltsee, the well
known mining man, who was away at the
time. Mr. Wiltsee sent Newhouse a
chock for the amount. At the same time
he sent the bill to Colonel DooliWle to
•ant.
mines in
■• sent the
m t o S
-neer
i lm-
rgery Mr.
. • i dings
ssuaded by
eler, his attor
• to defer the
:.< be
n which N
rtner In va
On Tt; ■ laj
• ■
uit mining business, to have
■ ■
■
■ te the com
onlan
• ■ admitted
the 1
[
j-ed by Wl
■ him.
ling where
tsee for an a
know why he v
urt.
EAGLES FORSOOK THEIR
AERIES TO SCREECH
A Larg-e Flock of Noble Birds In-
vaded B'nai B'rith Hal! and
Mad? Merry Until Morn.
. ■ -
■ ■
■
- moraine. Th<
r. In
sful as
hall. T'n»>
i and the
■
lirman f -he- ent( r
■
r the
James BUv<
■ - H. Reynolds,
I
■ -• . ■
■ en
ledin
-
membi ra I I
■
-
■
he municipality
■ • ■
B. L. W
■
■ : ::. I
-
. • ■
y si
r waj ln(
■
-. Barton, Huk>> Emmett, \V< •
r'esten
■
■
Ival will b»> siv.^n by
■
A SUSPECTED POISONER.
Carrie Kelly Detained at the City
Prison Pending an Investiga
tion.
Carri( Kelly, tin fnmnt«- of B lodging
-. itreet, was an
• p I tinan and
• to the City Prison,
suspicion of
:: her landlady,
■ he Kelly woman
■ ■ i gro-
I It she
shelf, wIKTf it remains!
I
am pr ca«e of opium or morphine addiction, no matter
make a statement of this character
a:ui v down un it. When I say
CURE
there is r. . •. it. and the fa<"t that the money can }>c deposited
in other hands until everything is satisfactory to the patient is proof that I
it. 1 claim ihat complete eradication of the dreadful habits of mor-
phine a!u!
OPIUM
lies within the power of my great remedy. Coma and see for yourself If I
iin not talking s-n^e. which will be backf-<1 up by results. No cure, no pay.
T.i BO clean«e in* eystem of the drugs with which the
HABIT
barged i! Is the business I tin .-:;k-i>-"1 in. There Is no long drawn-
out '- ' ! ' uf niarvelously quick action of no injury whatever t>> the
■ t, which opens up a new vista of life in a periud of time astonishingly
rail '.r wri!<-. Everything strictly confidential.
Hours 10 a. m. u> 4 p. D m.
Hi. liEo. W. WILLIAMS, 216 Kearny stret :, San B^mncfseo. Cal.
several days, when she gave it to Mrs
Delbose.
Aftei partaking of the Jelly Mrs. Dei
bose became violently ill and the jcl!
was given to her physician, l>r. Terrili, t
be analysed.
Dr. Tcrrill stated last night that he hn
not as yet determined whether poison ha
been placed in the can after it was op<
or whether It became suffused wit);
or other chemicals used in its preparation
The police believe that the Kelly womar
is innocent of any malicious attempt t<
do away with her landlady, and in all
probability she TviH he released this
morning.
"THE MUSKETEERS"
WORTH TWO WEEKS.
THK Alcazar management haa wax> d
tlly ambitious and is produc
ing "The Three Musketeers" in i.n
siizziiiL: ecen%B. They ar.- pretty
pictures. The .-;;■•■ of the stage n<
■ a tollhouse them
which docs not accord with the swash
buckling s-.iir.t <>f the play, hut the verj
best j ossible baa ' i en done under existing
. conditions. The run of a San Frtin
t j • t warrant the buy
ing of Improved property back of a dowtj
: town theater in order to build an addl
ifl was done in New
York for "The Great Ruby." All things
■ :-. their time.
• and foremost credit belongs not
bo mvi )■ to Mr. Ormonde as t' l Charles
•r. Mr. Bryant is responsible, it
r the stut,-.- direction, which is
enough in Itself. Furthermore, lie
Ible for an Athos whose success
• ■ Mr Bryant's dead earn-
Is ne\ er ■ r.;'i ;•• d him
j the !>art. Entirely kicking the pres
ence which Dumas has attributed to
-. he nev- i Tiiake his words
■ tell for all that ;s in them.
Eugene Ormonde is a right winning
D'Artagnan, and he shows the young
ii .volution by light and
firm touches. He does not play with
depth. \\f does not play as if "he had
■ ■ novel first— his understanding
come from the lines
But he Is magnetic.
■ | I 'rosby as tl - easily the
i: lady, although Gertrude Poster |s
for the part The wiles and guiles
ol Lady de winter arc as remote ir.'iii
Miss Foster's heart ;*s absinthe is from
She makes the ''.cans;
• wife in tl world, lvi -
... r. Noi
. Henry any more I i itf the
m« f of Coi • • . ;ii a white Kit
ten.
The audience Is invited at 8. It is not
dismiss-.-", until 11. And yet ai
- :;;-, is warranted.
SARAH i '^M STOCK.
RECEPTION TO GILMAN.
Former President the Guest of Uni-
versity Regents at the In
stitute of Art.
Never did the halls and palleries of
the -Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art look
more attractive than they did Last night
when thronged with men and women an
xious to be presented to President and
Mrs. Daniel C. Gilman of the Johns Hop.
kins' University. The reception was ten
dered to President [man by the Repent?
of the University of California and the
following constituted the reception com
mittee: Ernst A. Denicke, chairman.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Isaias
W. Hellman, Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
Mrs. Ernst A. Denicke, Mrs. Isaias W.
man.
■ • 'Jilman was introduced by
ral W. H. 1.. Barnes In a short,
pithy sptveh. ir. which be remarked, re-
Gilman: "We h;ul
of hin power
•>vii<-: the! m have
■ ■ • tten him and he found when he
Ban Francisco that he was com
-I'r. sident Gllman ma«l«> a brief speech in
reply. In the course of which ho said:
"1 had no Idea that after so iung .tn |
• I should return and fe< 1 -\
as if 1 had never left. I feel delighted
[look round and s<
many young men and women who
ring my
with it out ' world I devoting
- • ■ life work. I
with this gi
thing, magnificent Si
fd to Pn sl
ed In the throne-room, beneath n canopy
of chrysanthemums and palm bram
WAR OF PRINCIPLES.
■ the Ter
n last evening upon the
situation in Smith Africa. He BpoKe of
the Boer war in connection with the war
■ --n thi? country and Spain, and
showed where one had been thrust upon
by the pi • a nation
inimical Co pri-Rr, .-, and civilisation, as it
is <n this • other was
• ■: the same principle— a nation
march
n needs and means.
He reviewed the terms of the treaty
between the English and the Boers, in
which it was agreed that all white peo
ple in South Africa should have equal
rights, and then went on to tell how the
Uoers had gradually circumscribed these
rights so far as they affected foreigners,
and had extended them so far as they
related to those of their own number.
He described it as a war between meth
ods, between principles— the old and the
new— and one in which that nation which
stood for what has brought civilization
to what it is must triumph in the end.
SPORT AT SUTRO BATHS.
The usual weekly ;>r'->prnmme of aquatic
prepared by the manape
nt of Butro Baths for to-morrow. The
the various events are as r>i-
50- yard dash, novice— A. Kaufman. F. Neal.
W. Fleming. O. Lowentbal. C. Schilling R.
Took. F. Rlttor, \V. Wilson. 50-yard dash
Juvenile?— E. Minter, J. Wilbur C. L.urvlln T
L&Husen. J. Laird, C. Sullivan, .1. Wilson
E. Smith. 100-yard tub mm r Donovan A
Hau.iain. E. Wells, G. Adler, H. Stellje* E.
Bej-or. C. Augustus, O. Ehrman. H. Olsen, K.
IJebolt. Trick and fancy pprinjrboard diving:—
W. Wil<.f»n. F. Ralston, .T. O'Rrien J. C&th
art. R. P.idinc. R. Ordell. E. Peters O.
Mlsner. J. MrCormiok, W. Hoffman. W. Doug
lass, A. Ba«anatoH.
Fry Sues for Divorce.
Robert D. Fry. well known In business
and social circles, he* sued his wife. An
nie G. Fry, for a divorce. Desertion Is
alleged as cause of action. The litigants
were married July 30. 1889. and have one
child, Robert T>. Fry Jr.. aged 9 years.
An Insane Bura-lar.
SANTA c.KVZ. Oct 8 Q OOCOOVIch.
who w.ts arrrste.l in San Francisco a
tew months ag-. for burglarizing a cabin
tp for trial before
the Superior » ourt tonday. It was dis^
covered that he is insane and he was,
■rnmitted to Arn»ws
THE SAN llJA^s CISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
INQUEST HELD
ON THE REMAINS
OF ANNA BAGGO
Sheep Island Tragedy;
Still a Mystery.
PINOLE, Oct. 25.-The Coroner'B in- {
on the remains of little Anna ■
was he!d in San Pablo yesterday.
The first witness was Mr. Ibsen, a tlsher
tnan, who expressed 'lie opinion that the
child had been killed by her mother. The
last time he talked with Mrs. Buggo was
oaturduy morning. She told him about |
her family troubles at that time. She '
ikfd Huns Hanson, they having been i
friends lor a goud many years.
The next witness called was Hans Han
son, who discovered the body of the mur
dered child.
"I lived on Sheep Island about two
years and a half and worked for Mr.
Baggo," he testified. "I think Mrs.
liaggo killed her child and then drowned
herself."
Baggo, the father of the child, stated
that he had been married about ten
years. "I saw my wife last Saturday In
Oakland," said he. "I went to see a
lawyer to turn my property over to her,
because we could not agree and had con- I
eluded to separate. Anna Rosa Baggo, i
the child, was born in San Francisco
about nine years ago. My wife seemed
to be of sound mind, and wherever she
went she would take the child with her."
Other witnesses testified to finding the
';•' •■!■!■ of the murdered child and the search
for the mother, but none of them could
throw any light on the crime.
Tli, father of the child broke down on
the witness stand.
The jury returned a verdict that Anna
Rosa Kaggo met death at the hands of
her mother.
SUES BECAUSE WIFE
REFUSED TO SPEAK
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— Eugene Grams
paeher, by his attorney, Fred K. Whitney,
to-day filed an amended complaint in his
divorce suit against Mary A. Grams
r, which rpoites acts of cruelty on
the part of the wife in refusing to speak
to the husband when they passed by.
When the wife wished to communicate
with her husband she would leave a let
ter on the bureau for him, says the com
plaint, and the contents of these epistles
were frequently such as would cause him
■ mental anguish. In one instance
>mmunicnted a warning to her hus
band not tv bring friends into the Grnms
r household to board because they
would be likely to set shot. Gramspacher
also alleges that his wife on erne occasion
threatened to poison their children.
BISHOP NOW STANDS
CHARGED WITH ARSON
"AKI.AXP, Oct. 27.— Robert Bishop,
who is suspected of having set fire to his
building in Golden Qate yesterday, is to
be prosecuted. Kire chief Ball to-day
i" a complaint in the Police Court
ging Bishop with arson, though the
aged prisoner s:ill clinps to his story that
burglars must have set fire to his place.
li. L. Bishop, his son, who was also ar
rested, has been reli ased, his employer
in th*> office of the New Zealand Lnsur-
Company In San Francisco having
vouched for him. Moreover Chief Ball is
of the opinion that the young man knew
nothing: of the attempted arson.
DIAMONDS SEIZED BY
CUSTOMS OFFICIALS
Former New York Dealer Accused of
Having Smuggled Precious
Stones.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— Collector Bid
well and Deputy Collector Theip* o f the
customs Bervice were much chagrined to
ver the publication of a story deal
inu' with the alleged smuggling operations
■ tolpta i eabody, formerly a diamond
.ienlor in this city. Peal)ody was before
Collector Bidwell yesterday on charges
that he had smuggled a quantity of dia
monds, valued at from $15A>0 to $30,«i(W,
into this city by way of Canada.
Peabody, according to the story In cus
toms circles, failed in business here about
a year ago and tried to make a satisfac
tory settlement with hris creditors, among
them two large diamond importing firms
In the Maidenlane district. It is sup
posed the news of Peabody's diamonds
being detained fame from one of the* •
sources find that the motive was revenge.
The diamonds are now in the hands of
the Collector and will bo appraised in a
day or two. Peabody voluntarily pur
rendered the greater part of them
yesterday, taking them from a safe de
box in -i • '■ of the National Park
Bank.
The Collector declined to discuss the
matter to-day beyond admitting that the
diamonds were in his possession.
HUNGERFORD COMMITTED.
His Attorneys Will Move for a Nev:
Trial.
SANTA ANA. Oct. 27.— After two h<->urs
deliberation the jury in the rase of Luther
Hnngerford, who with his brother Henry
was charged with killing lames 'Jregg in
Santiago Canyon. cm June 10, last night
found accused guilty of murder in the
second degree. Judge Ballard set Monday
next as trie time for passing sentence
and defendant's counsel have announced
they will then move for a new trial. In
rase the motion is denied they will take
.in aj ;
The date for the trial of Henry Hunger
ford, who is charged with having bei'n
a party to the same crime, will be set
on the same day. Roth men were releas
.d on bonds soon after their arrest, but
ctlon having resulted in Luther's
case, he was ordered Into custody.
The murder of Gregg occasioned much
r xi'itement in this county. wh»re all the
parties concerned were well known and
the trial just closr-d has heen the subject
•ieral interest In this city since Us
beginning eight days ago.
TEACHERS AT RED BLUFF
RED BLUFF, Oct 27— The fourth ?e<-
si<m of the Teachers' Convention was
opened thls> morning by the Rev. 1.. | \
Renfro, who delivered the Invocation.
Music followed by the Lyric Quartet, af
ter which J. O. Durfee rave an Interest
ing talk on "The Mind Trainer." !!.. «-.i.
followed by Professor C. A. Dual way
who spoke on "Methods of Teaching His
tory."
At the afternoon session Profe?sor
Duniway followed his address \vl:!:
on "S !oa«t History." Professor
J. D. Huchcs gave an Interesting talk
on "The School 'VmpnMtion." and in the
evening Professor Barnard Moses lecture.!
on the "Historical Significance of the Re
cent War.
After the lecture the visitors enjoyed
a reception and dance in the Pavilion
Opera-house.
Young Peter Jackson Wins.
I.OS ANGELES. Oct 27.— Young Peter
Jackson, a colored boxer of San Francis
co, knocked out Jim Trimble of Ln s An
geles In the twentieth round in a contest
before the Los Angeles Athletic Club to
night. The fight was slow for the llrst
ten rounds and Trimble seemed to be do
ing the heavier work, but in the last three
rounds the colored fighter landed some
hard punches on Trimble's face and In
thy latter part of the twentieth floored
Trimple twice. The last time Trimble
stayed down ten seconds and then had to
be assisted to his corner.
Vatican Organ Sequestrated.
ROMK. Oct 27.— The Osservatore Ro
mano, tho organ of the Vatican, was se
i questratfl this evening In consequence
: of tho publication of an article on the
Papal service offensive to the Onerr:
--1 UK' Jit.
BABY'S HAND IN PAPA'S
SOUP CAUSED A DIVORCE
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— The simple fact of a baby jabbing Its plump little
hand into papa's soup one supper time last January while mamma
was pouring out the broth and holding; baby at the same time was tiie
primary aad alleged overt act warranting the declaration of domestic
war between Hprman Dinslage and his pretty young wife, Mary, the
trial of whoso divorce suit, brought on the ground of cruelty, was commenced
to-day before Superior Judge Greene.
"I couldn't very well pour the soup with ihe baby in my arm," said the
young wife on the witness stand this afternoon, "and I had asked my hus
band :o take the child, but he refused. The baby didn't scald its hand and
no one was hurt until afterward my husband, RtlH angry over the affair.
grabbed me by my wrist, drawing- blood. Then he bit me and abused me.
"The next day the fuss was kept up. My husband finally told me I could
go and take all the furniture, because I had complained about his brother
boarding with us and because I would no longer do the brother's washing.
That night when my husband came home I waa prying in the kitchen and
he askrd why supper was not ready. 1 told him his brother had carried oti
the back ii"'>r key. The brother called me a liar and then they told me
that I came from a degraded family.
"Finally when I told them that I was surely as good as themselves the
brother grabbed me by the throat and threw me against a trunk. Next day
I took half the furniture, leaving what I thought my husband might need,
and went to my mother's house. That was la si January and he has never
called on me or baby since then. Frequently my husband would not speak to
me for days. He would talk German to his brother at the table and I
couldn't understand what they were saying.
"The first disagreement occurred over a game of casino at his mother s
home in Paso Robles, three days after our marriage, which game I claimed
wasn't being played according to Hoyle."
To-morrow the defense will put in its testimony.
MURDERER CHEESEMAN
ATTEMPTS TO ESCAPE
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— Frank H. Cheese
man, who murdered Henry Brooke in this
city in August, 1898, and then shot his
sweetheart, Etta Payne, and who twice
escaped from the Napa Insane Asylum,
being only recently recaptured in Mon
tana and returned, nearly gained his
liberty for the third time a few days ago.
according to the statement of the Nap.i
hospital authorities.
When he war- taken back to Xapa seven
weeks ago he was placed in a cell with
wooden bars over the openings, and
Cheeseman immediately began scheming
to escape. A few evenings since an at
tendant discovered two pieces of saws
concealed under Cher-seman's bed. In
vestigation disclosed the fact that Cheese
man had succeeded In cutting off two of
the wooden bars. The bars have since
been replaced by iron ones. When Cheese
man saw this lie facetiously remarked,
"That seems to be pretty strong now,"
and intimating that he would once more
try for liberty. _
Death of Mrs. Dowd.
BERKELEY, Oct tt.— Mrs. Nellie Dowd,
wife of Thomas Dowd, OX West Berkeley.
passed away yesterday at hor home. 21".")
Fifth street Bhe was tho eldest 'laughter
of the late Nicholas Bnnls ana Bister of
Mrs <' Welsh and Mrs. V. McLaughlln.
Funeral services will be held at the late
residence to-morrow morning at 9:30
o'clock A solemn requiem high mass will
be said at St Joseph's Church at 10
..'clock. The interment will be in St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
YACHTSMEN WILL DANCE.
The closing hop of the San Francis o
Yacht Club for the season of 1899 was
postponed last Saturday on account of the
Budden leath at Bausaltto of Mrs. A. L.
Hill, mother of Commodore T. L. Hili.
The San Francisco Yacht Club sent a
handsome flower piece :«s a mark of re-
Bpect and sympathy. The postponed
; dance and entertainment will tak" place
at the clubhouse to-night, the invitations
previous!} -ing good for this
. date.
Th' Corinthian Yacht Club Rave a mo.n
successful links last Saturday at Tiburon
and next day went out fur the last club
cruise of th« season. Under signal from
the flagship tho yachts cruised over to
Sausailto, where the fleet of the Han
Francisco club lay at its moorings.
Thence the Corinthians made for Fort
Point and along the Presidio short-, to
gs wharf. Then, sighting the trans-
Si itoi Just in :'r"m Manila With
the Fifty-first lowa Regiment on board,
the yachts cruised around h«r. gr
the Voidl-Ts with guns, cheers, waving
handkerchiefs and caps. Afterward they
Bailed to the leeward sill.' of Angel Island
and thence back to their moorings at
Tibur. ■• 1 lay and to-morrow main "f
he yachts will !>o stripped of iheir equip
ment and diunantled for th^ winter. The
Corinthian Yacht Club has had a BU
fill and pl< ison. The bridge into
tho lagoon will he raised on Sunday, No
vember .",. on which day most of the sail
ing craft will leave the waters of the bay
for winter quarters.
This morning •'colors" will be made on
the yachts of the California fleet a* 8
; o'clock. Commodore A. M. Clay will be
' ard the flagship Pactolus from 4 to
7. ready to receive visitors. There will
b.-> no jinks at the clubhouse to-night. The
(•'losing sall-ln squadron will take place to
morrow.
Last Saturday, owing to the threaten
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL
OCTOBER 29, 1899.
The Boers as They Really Are.
By MISS SANNIE KFUGER
Miss Kruger is a niece of Oom Pau Kruger. and recent'y
came to San Francisco to compete her educa'ion In
next Sunday's Call she ta ks interesting. y of her home life.
WHY HE FEARS THE CZAR.
Paul Me nikoff, Ru-s>an socialist, tells the sory of his life.
Life Among the Arc- American Girls Who
tic Whalers. Are Princesses.
HALLOWEEN SUPERSTITIONS.
The Most Valuable Bulldog in the World.
THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK.
Revewed by Professor H. B. Lathrop of Stanford Unversity.
A Sunday Call Woman in the Fresidio Hospital.
BISHOP POTTER-THE MAN.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE— OAKLAND HOMES-DRAMATIC STARS— AND A
BUDGET OF OTHER FEATURES..
PRESIDENT WHEELER
TO ADDRESS TEACHERS
BERKELEY, Oct. 27.— Professor Benja
min Ide Wheeler of the University of
California will leave to-morrow for Red
Bluff to attend the meeting of the North
ern California Teachers' Association. He
will deliver an address before the con
vention there. On Tuesday of next week
President Wheeler will be the guest of
the University of California Club of Los
Angeles. The club is arranging for a
public banquet and reception in his honor.
His stay in Los Angeles will be but short,
as hf 1 has consented to speak at the con
vention of the San Joaquin Valley Teach
ers' Association which Is to meet next
week at Bakersfleld.
President WheeUr has felt obliged to
decline nearly 100 requests to speak be
fore different clubs and teachers" insti
tutes throughout the State. He states,
however, that as soon as his duties as
president of the university are better set
tled he will be in a position to accept the
invitations.
Funeral of James McGee.
BERKELEY, Oct. 27— James McGee,
one of Berkeley's oldest pioneers, who
died at the old homestead on Catherine
street, between Dwight way and Char
ming way. last Tuesday afternoon, was
laid to rest this morning In St. Mary?
Cemetery. Oakland. After a brief and
simple service at the old homestead the
remains were taken to St. Joseph's
f'hurch. on Addison street, where the
Rev. Father O'Rlordan conducted a sol
emn requiem high mass.
ing weather, none of the California
yachtsmen sailed to Tiburon to be pres
ent at the closing jinks of the Corin
thian?, but last Sunday Commodore A. M.
("lay's sloop Pactoius. the yawl Idler and
T. Carrier's sloop Jessie E cruised in the
bay.
Handball for Sunday.
Thf> veteran handball players. Lir.ehan
and Kilsjallon, who got it put all over
them last Sunday by the juveniles. Col
lins and WV.iw-. are not yet satisfied and
hp.ve challenged the latter for an I
game, to l»e played at Phil Ryan's court
Hfoward street, to-morrow. In ad
dition to the other attractions at Ryan's
court a tournament will be inaugurated
on Sunday in which the following players
Will participate: D. J. Sheehan. N. J.
Prendergast. Dr. Vf. H. Sieberst. W. ti.
Kediau. Steve J. Costello, J. R. Bookman,
E, McDonoujrta, K. J. \Yaterman and a.
J. Griffith. The regular entries -or Sun
day's games are".
P. Uutchinpon and M. TMllon vs. P. Kelley
and G. Hutchlnsoa E. Harry ami r>. Regan
vs T Foley and J. Kirby: D. Rodger? and
M M.-Pnnalii vs. O. McDonald and M. McNeil.
A. MrYVker and T. I.each vs. J. Condon and
K. Houamaa. T. Perres and R. Regll vs. A.
White-man and J. Glynn. J. llarlow and E.
Toy vs. W. Mneulre and J. Riordan.
Diseased Cattle.
FRESNO, Oct. 27.— A band of 550 head
of cattle at Kingston, this county,
brought there from HumboMt by a man
named Warren, has been quarantined.
The calves are suffering- with strongrylus
fUiaria, an animal parasite new to Cali
fornia. The lungs of the affected animals
are filled with worms and cold does not
affect them.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Paul R. Mabury. business manager, San
Jose. $585.91; no assets.
AGED RANCHER
DIVORCES FROM
HIS GIRL BRIDE
Clara Morrison's Ro-
mance Ends.
j OAKLAND. Oct. 27.-Aged Perry Morri
• son. a wealthy rancher of Nile», waa
granted a divorce to-day by Slip frior
Judgo Ellsworth from Clara Morrison, the
Kirl-wife he led to the altar in this city
lin December. 1593. The decree was given
: on the ground of desertion.
Mrs. Morrison, who i« at present cm
i ployed in an Indianapolis candy store,
: bltterlv fought the cast-, and her lengthy
depositio submitted at the trial to-day
proved a deeidediy interesting feature,
picturing her sad disappointment and
shattered hopes of leading the life of a
i lady when she plighted her troth. Ac
j cording to her deposition the aged rancher
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE^SECURTTY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^Lw^^w'
Vk>ry small and as easy
to take as sugar,
SEF Ipadttd'c for HEADACHE. SEE
Ml CAKTbRS FOR DIZZINESS. 3M
/ , , fTIITP iISITTLE 1 FOR BIUOUSKESS. rcwiTlV! r
GENUINE Ibiver FOR TORPID liver. GENUINE
MPS ILS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER JLj^ ' for sallow skih. WPAPPEB:
ttKAITEIf laha^i I FOR THE COMPLEXION " RArrLIL
25 cents ! Purely VegetaMev/^^w^^*^,
"!=K,IISrTEID O3ST K.EID PAPER."
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. :
L.SSS3H
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO -iv SAN UAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 d. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and II .-an d. m.
SUNDAYS— <:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. «:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK I 'AYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40. 5:05,
6:25 D. m
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect i San Francisco.
_____*_ j October 15, — — —
"Week \ Sun- ISS9.' Fun- Week
Days. days. Destination days. ; Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am S:4O am
S:3O pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 10:28 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
GeyservUle,
/r3O pm S:00 am Cloverdale. ■ 7:25 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am' Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:26 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm [ 6:22 pm
7:30 am :00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4oam
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. . 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am: Scbastopol.' 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm ; 6:00 pm| . I 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
j for Lytton Springs: at GeyservUle for Skaggs
' Springs; at Clr.verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
I land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Cerlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
! port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
i Springs, Saratoga Sprlnjts. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
I Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
I Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
1 "Westport, tjsal, Willltts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
■ mlng s, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
; Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
: duced rates.
On Sunday round trlD tickets to all point*
1 beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlcs. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
I H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßpute
[I'M f i IELPAai
I Sj |U33A>JCEt£» VpHOENIS
y| r ** ! SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
=" THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVB
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AVI)
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am fIC.W am Stockton 1 T»:4Q pm| 6:uO pot
1:10 am I 1:04 pa kUrced |tU:10 pm 4:11 pas
10:40 am I s:tt pm friMl j 19:00 am 2:41 pea
11 :W am I 7:16 pm Hanford / tT:ooam 1:45 pn»
t:!S pm fl!:30 am BakenOald 11. am 11:00 am
11:5!) ami ti.K pm Vlsalia ) 15:20 am 1:23 pna
12:15 pml <6:53 pm Tulare J4:25 am »l:05 pm
'Dally 'Except Sunday. {Except Monday.
6an Francisco Ticket Offlee. 623 Market *Li
Tel. Main lUL
Oakland nee. UK Broadway. : .J
Sacramento Office, 201 J at.
San Joaa Office. 1 We*t Santa Clara it-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:©o, •9:30. 11:00 a. m.: '1:45,
«J:4O. 5:15. 6-00. <:S0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra.
fael. on Monday*. Wednesday* end Saturdays.
at 9:00 and 11 30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-»S:00. '10:00. *11: M a. to.: »l:li
»:15. '4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Train* marked (*) run to San Quentto.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO '
WEEK DAYS— 4:2S. •«:35. 7:43. •8:40 a. m. !
"12:30. 2:15. 3:40. »3:IS p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* and i
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ■•
SUNDAYS— *S:00. •10:00, »11:45 a. m. •
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Train* marked <•) mart from San Quentln. !
FROM MILL VALLF.Y TO SAN 'RANCI3CO
WF.EK DAYS— S:4S. 0:45. '. :16. 8:45 a. m : I
12:15.- 2:35. i:45. E:M p. m. • j
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m. i
i SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a m.: 12:05. 1:15. t:&.
»:««. t44 p. m — «* |
THROUGH TRAINS. ;
1:00 a. m. week — Cazaderoand way itatlona. I
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — and -ay »tat|jn». '
t:00 a m. kijnd»n- and way *tatlOßJk •
represented to her that he was worths
$75,000, and that if she would become his
bride she need not worry about household,
duties, but could live the Itfe of a lady,,
with nothing to do. After the marriage,,
however, she claims she was compelled to
assist the servant in getting the meals for
the ten men who were employed on the>
ranch. Then, too, she had to act as dairy
maid.
Incidentally, her a^ed spouse, so she
Claims, gave hf-r little or no money, ex
that prior to the nuptials he pre
sented her with $500 to attend the World's
Fair,
Mr. Morrison denied all these allega
and n« a corroborating witnessi
Charles H. Sliinn. Inspector of the experi
mental stations of the State University,
was called, who bore testimony to plain
tiff's good reputation for truth and hon
eaty dating back In the sixties.
Judge Ellsworth deliberated only a fftw
moments and grantfd plaintiff's prayer.
Newman Arrested.
OAKLAND, Oct. 27.— Lewis Newman,
was arrested at th« Emeryville racetrack,
to-day by Deputy Marshal Lane and
Captain Callundan of Morse's Detective
Agency on a charge of felony embezzle
ment preferred by Byron Erkenbrecher.
a capitalist of Lcs Angeles, for whom
Newman had been acting in the capacity
of (ft ting commissioner." Erkenbrecher
claims that Newman withheld $300 of his
on New Moon about three weeks ago.
Newman was taken to the County Jail.
'.^—— « ♦ *
Speaking of fruit, the first apple caused
a lot of trouble for the first pair.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
WOt'TIIKBtN I*A«:iFl<: lOMPASY.
iPACirK! -'oltM I
Train* l«-i*» •• »ml me aliiw lo nrilv« :««
MAR nuM'l*M«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Octouek 29, ISM. — ariiivk
•7:<M>\ Benicia, Sni.siin and S»cram«uto *7:4-'»p-
-♦7:im»a Mar>sviilc. Orovill,; via \T,-v;."..ai.d,
Eimira. Vitcaville a'Kl Uuaivy. . . *7:I--,f-
-•7:OOa Shii-u Express-DivU, Willows,
Re<l Bluff, Portland «7:45p-
♦7::»» a Martinez, .Sau Uaumu, Vullejo. Napa,
UaUstogaanHßanta Rosa •B:l.lp-
•«:OOa Th" (U.'il.ii.l Li;nited—
Omaha, Chicago ! » |IBF
•«•::»«.* -v.::. .lose. Uxcrmore, Stockton,
lone, Hacmmeutn. riacirrille,
H irysfill . < !i-.. Ub ' ISlnif *4ilV
•.•t::iOA*Milton l Oak<lak>ai:>l fouora . ... '*l»(
♦»:O(»a HiiTwsnlg. Niltnaml Way .Slatiuiis. *« I: «•»*.
♦0:OOa Atlantic I'.ipresa-Ogden »d<l Ea«t "J-ASk
*!):OOa Martinez, Tr..cy, Latlirop, Stockton,
Mi-rectl ami l'restm * l ? sl ? E>
*i»iO«a Port Costa, Kreano, Jlojavo ami I.os
A , ,_,,,;,;/ !S : M "
•I«:OOa Vallijo, Martinez ami Way Rtotlooa *i:l.>p-
■l I:OOa Haywardß, Niles and Way Stations. *^:I->P-
•ia:U(tu Niles, LlTormorc, Stockton. iSacra-
mento, Mcndota, liauforil, Visalia,
PcrterriUe 'lilSr
tl:OOpSacr:iiiiciit<«i:iTerHtoiiiiitrfi t l *:"'*! 1
*:{:O()p Ilayn-ards, Nilts and \?aj Sutions. »:43e-
•4:M»i> Martinez. Man ISaimm. Valleju,
Niil>:i. t'.i!i ■i!.»>::i. S.tnU lli«a •»£!»».
MiOOrUcUicia, Vacavitlc, .Sucniiimnlii,
Wooillani], Knights Landing,
Marysfllle, OiotHle »IO:I»a
M::i«p NBaa, Boa Josoaudßtodrtoo •7sia»
•3:OOpTlio Owl limited— Krcaco. .
Bakenfieltl, Bauftia for .Santa Jiar-
bara, Los Ancelea *!*??*
•s::iOp Stockton, Merce.l. Fresno *I2:|.»F
•s::tOp li.si.D, tiakersQelil, Kaiita llnrimra,
Los Ads Demlng, Xl Paso,
Now Orleans and Kast *n.4t%K
•3i3»P Hants, I'd lUinlo— Atliuitlo I'.iprcss
for Mojaro rii«l Bast "OM5p
•0:« Op Hay>rard3, Niltaaml Kan Jose 'limit A
tO:»OfVaflejo 'I2:irip
•«:3t»i- Oriental Mail-Ogden and East •Si.'JOp-
t7:OOp Vallcjo, Port Costa ami Way Sta-
* Uons.. J9:33f
•8:«3p Oregon and California i;xi>rc!w,Mac-
ritmeiiti), Marysville, ItctWtug.
r.irtlmi'l. rum-t 5..11...1 nii.l T.iiat *S:l3a.
COAST IHYMON arrow <JaH?;c).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•8:1. A Newark, Ceutcr»ille,SauJo«e,Fclton,
Boulder Crtelc,SaiitaCru7.a::<nV»y
Sutlons ■•••- •5i.1«»
* ta:l-"*r Newark, Contervillo, Kan .Tr.sc, >*•
Almaden, Fcltou, Itotilder Crook,
Santa Cxuz and l'riocipal Way
StaUona t' . OI '"JJ! A
•J«l.">p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos «U:^o4.
bll:i3p Hunters' Excursion, San Jore and
Way Stations ■- I«:20F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN WIKCISCO— roet cf )Urk«l Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00.1.11. 11:03 *2:03 13:00
•4:03 15:13 •6:00r.'-.
rrouOitUSD— foilorßro»4w»y.— *o:oo 8:00 10:001.11.
li::: "1:33 t2:03 *3:03 ti:00 *S::3r.M.
COAST DIVISION' (nr»a<l(;aas«).
C.0.-'-h?.- (Thlra and Townscnd Sts.)
'4O:IOi Ocean View, Houth Han Francisco.. t«:3Op
•TlOOARail J08.3 ami Way SUliims (New
Aluia<leii WeUiie«aaysonly) "1:80*
*9:OOa San .logo. Tres Pinos. HauU Cruz,
: . I'aciiia (lro»e. l'u» Rul.lcs, San
Luis 01.15r.0, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Wny SUtioiis li'l?'
•IO:4OA San .lose nu.l Way Ktntions .2 x A
■UiSttA San Jiiso and Way Stations •3i3op
Ms4SrBan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. .lose,
Trca Pinos, Sai.U <' r .i*. Salinas.
Moiiter«ryan.l Pacific GroTe : i? A
♦»t»«p San Jose and Way Stations ........ li.?*
|l:15p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *»««*
Pan and Principal Way Stations 1 32 A
•s:.tOr Sau.To«oau<l Principal Way Station* ■ : * a *
San Jose au<l Wny Stations IX»«
Hl:4sr San Jos? ami Way 5tati0n5......... *7:JOp
AforMoming. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday exeer.te-1. J Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande "Western and Denver
and Rio Grande railway* in connection
with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco dally at t
a. m.
Through Double Drawing- Sleeper.
Free Reciining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For Information, rate?, etc.. apply airy
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street.
W. H. SN~EDAKER. General Agent.
MuUNf TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
L<eav« San Francisco via Sau*aJlto ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. October L ISM.
WEEK DATS— a, m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Far 9 H T. to Summit and Return, Jl 43.
TUOB. COOK A BON. Agts.. (21 Market M.
a Dr. Dispensary,
KI'.AK.x V MV. Established
in I £34 for the treatment of Private
CHjwiws, Ixwt Manhood. Debility or -
dispasf wearing on body and mind and .
Skin : ' »pa3t-s. The doctor cores when
others faiL Try him. Charges low
<'iii*-«suarnnlrril. Callorwrtta.
Dr. J. *■• tUBBOS. Box 1957, Sao Franciau*
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Th- Son Fnwc'.s'co
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— f.I 7 Mont-ornery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
63? McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
6!:. Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2251 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia ttreet; c.pen until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second anil Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Decree ' - ■',*» No. 2, -<^_SB_£i> I
I O. O. F.— R-srulai me.Mlng^__Sj__fi_&
THIS (SATURDAY)' EVENING. "^W^
First degree. '""
A. K. KINGSFORP. P. M.
ALL friends are invited to attend the
twenty-ninth anniversary and ''SSt<a
clvrn by the Austrian Benevolent «3r«? !
Society on SATURDAY NIGHT, Oct. PxsS i
25, at Saratoga Hall. 114 Oearv st. "^
Hat ro^ni at disposal of guests free. Ice
crram and buffet COMMITTEE. _
SECOND twenty-eighth annual picnic of the
Portuguese I>otectlve and Benevolent Asso-
ciation SUNDAY, October 2:«. ISO 9. at Shell- .
uvunil Park. Berkeley. In case of rain on the
2! i th the picnic will take place on November j
.". First-class band has been enga i for
this occasion, also a string band for bane-
ing In the upper hail in the A Korean style. j
Tickets, 23 cents; children under 12 years,
free. Boats leave every half hour. . Asso-
clatlon leaves on 10 a. m. boat.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits —
«diu^t« ac.-cn'-t« for corporations & flrma: re.f.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron- |
icle building: no advance charges; all cases; j
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
feeß: call or write. I
ADVICE free; divorce law a fpeclalty; private;
no f»e without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty nt law, M Market, cor. Btocktn.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
NAGLK & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma
SpreokMs build irg. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. 'V.
W. DAVIDSON. 921 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BICYCLE -PAIRS'
THOS. H. B. VARXKY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AM) ROOMS.
MARKET. 1049 A (Hotel Robinson)— Under new
and excellent management; MRS. M. C. ROB-
INSON, formerly of Oakland, prop.; sunny
suites, very desirable for families; first class
table: quick service; reasonable rates; family
suites a spec. : American and European plan.
EDDY, 123 — United Mates Hotel; rooms $150 !
wfk up. with board t.~. 60: suit for two with j
board, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 23c; ele- ;
• vator runs all r>lrht. i
A NEW family hotel, Sf>7 California st., occu- i
j.\ms corner opposite Grace Church.
••BELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites; j
best board: for 2. MS up: slnirle. $20. :
O'FARRELL, 742 — A sunny front room; s'ir>°- I
rlor table board; bath, gas, piano; reasonable. I
PINE. 1222 — Handsome family hot^l: sunny I
rooms; suite or single: refs. Miss Hutchlnson. I
POWELL, SOS (The Waldorf)— suites |
in! single, with or without board. !
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. ;
BY Spanish lady, a child to take care at home. ;
Box 720. Call office. ;
GOOD home: private schooling; terms $10. A. '
7... box 273. Call office. :
CHILDREN boarded; best of care; terms mod-
erate. 6 Cottage row, off Bush. nr. Webster.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged, j
Holmes 800 l Co.. 704 Mission st. . near Third. •
■ I
BOOTS AM. SHOES.
LADIES' vesting top lace shoes, special $165'
Children's shoes, all styles, $V 2 to ll'j. . 73 |
Men's shoes, $1 up; send for price list. Peo- I
ple'e Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton, nt Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SSOO— SALOON, with clubrooms, 1 block from J
comer Market and Powell sts.; rent $4J; j
s-plcnlid paying business; a bargain. R. G. I
WILKE. 906 Market Bt. j
A— J2;O; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
on Union St.; living room; cheap rent; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, Bu6 Market St.
DAY saloon, established years; dally receipts I
about $f>o; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance uf a lifetime; Investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, MIC Market st. !■
___: I
$3.',O— CORNER eaioon. one block from Market ;
Bt., close to Odd Fellows' bids; rent $40; !
lease; daily receipts Jl^. death cause of sale. !
R. G. WILKE. WW Market st. ;
A— 17508- -HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, din- i
Ing-room, etc.; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-claws
paying property muit be sold at once; impor-
tant family uffair calls owner to Europe; full-
est investigation solicited. Call K. G. i
WILKE. 905 Market st. . i
A— SIIOO— CORNER salcon with 6 rooms; rent i
$60; mercantile lunch: between wholesale
houses and Iron foundries: place clearing $100
p*r month: Ifuee. Call WILKE, 906 Market. :
I&OO GROCERY and bar: fixtures cost $1000; j
fresh stock; Invoice $".00; $25 daily; must be*
sold; sickness. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st. i
A— SSSO— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms j
opp. depot; hall hour's ride from city: fine ;
business; furniture worth price asked. '
KREDO .<:• CO.. 224 Geary St.
A— S6OO— CIGAR stand: corner; clears $100 a |
month; ch^ap rent. Kredo & Co.. 22H Geary.
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar; best location;
Western Addition; established 27 years; in- |
voice the stock; must Hell; leaving city.
STENBERG & CO., 26^ Kearny st.
FIRPT-<"LASS candy store; half value; death
cause sale; bargain. COWING & CO.. 995
Market st.
$l(«v>— COFFEE, tea and crockery store; best lo- I
cation in the city: cash or will trade for lot
of equal value. M. LESS, 76. . Market st. |
TO sell your business quick see SCHOTTLKR |
& CO.. £32 Market st.
GOOD family restaurant for sale cheap; other !
business cause. Address 9. M. COX, Sonora, i
Tuolumne County. Cal.
$22:. CHICKEN ranch; chickens: furniture; im-
provements; feed; rent $5. L. ISAAC, Dl-
' Fruitvale.
GOOD laundry route; on account of other
business. Box 985, Call.
WANTED— A good restaurant outfit, complete.
Apply 227 San Carlos aye.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; doing good
business. 155 Fourth st.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop; good lo-
cation; nice business. Box 233. Call.
BRANCH bakery for sale, very cheap; sick-
ness cause of sale. 454% Sixth st.
PARTNER for old est. florist shop; doing pros-
perous business; cheap rent. Apply Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocery store for sale; no bar; !
finest location in the city; only finest class of
trade; invoice $4CCo. R. EVERETT, 1179 Oak.
FOR rent— Bakery and confectionery with 4 liv- I
Ing rooms doing good business. Apply 9is i
I. ark In si., between 3 and C p. m. •
WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap. • Apply 5
Oak Grove, near Sixth and Harrison sts.
RESTAI.'RANT for sale; good reason for sell-
ing. 430 Sansome St.
J3O— DRESSMAKING for sale; • sunny turn.
rooms; plenty of work. 1526 Devisad'ero st.
$3f«) — 10-ROOM house: rent low; water free.
C04!4 Mission St., room 6; no agents.
FOR sale cheap, account of other business,
wood and coal yard. 3407 Nineteenth St., near
Valencia; inquire In grocery ouposlte.
GROCERY store; doing a goo.l business; good
location. Inquire of E. A. KOLB. 419 Mont-
gomery st.
FOR pale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for Wholesale and retail gro- '
eery or druc store or hotel: can lie rented
irate; long lease if desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. 1181 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$1000— CORNER grocery Rnd bar: good corner;
established 12 year»: good trade; stock n<-w:
cause of selling) retiring from business; lease
If desired. Junction Guerrero, Ban Jose aye.
and Valley st.
MODEL Art Store, 3032 Sixteenth St.. below Va-
lencia; on account of death; pictures, picture
frames; all kind of art materials; portraits
enlarged/
$SCO: PARTNER wanted as cashier to attend to
(■•gar store; $300 cash, balance on . time; no
agents wanted; barber I. referred. Call 120 i
Market st. .
EALOON— I2 Seventh st.; I. O. O. F. building,
opp. new Postofflcc bldg.; make offer.
WANTED — First-class woodworker for hlgh-
clas« work; must have $1000. Box 253», Call.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$2500— ONE of the best located drug stores In
the city, clearing $200 per month; selling on
account of other business. Address L. 8.,
box $44, Cnll office. '■■;"-
FOR gale cheap- Bakery and delicacy store-
-2917 Sixteenth ft. ' ______
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Half Interest la
horse, wagon, furniture, brooder?, chicken
feed etc., for sale, or will sell whole. Box
£76. Call office, Oakland.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing Fplendld busings': must sell on
account of death; $2200; term*, half down,
reft on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
SECOND-HAND furniture and tool store doing
fine business; on account going Bast. 1070
Howard st.
PARTNER in cheap and useful invention, or
Will sell whole or part. Address 611 Eighth.
I $1000 WILL buy half Interest In $4000 ranch.
Write V O. box 321. ".Ing. Cnl.
FOR sale— Barber shop near Presidio. Inquire
! 163 Second st.
$250— OLD established florist shop: doing proe-
perous business: cheap rent. Apply Coll cfflca.
$200— PAINT shop: entab. 40 years; good Htook;
fine tools. R. WILLIS, 926 Washington Et.
' PRIVATE bonrdincr-hcuse: 25 boarders; 13
ms; all full: north Market. Box 1344 Call.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAK,
7-13 Mission *t.
] COFFEE and tea routes supplied from OEO.
W. CASWr.I.L * CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. '
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new: bus»i«-ss wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 828 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons. bußffiei. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. E lAN & ___, 2117 Mission st.
! 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts.
buggies, surreys and h..— =-«. 114,0 Folsom st.
| CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULBING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 357-357 Tehatna St.: tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENB. mer., 38-49 Sth ft : trl. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
133 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Caryet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter St.:
tel Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 30.
PTRATTON'tj. 3 Eighth St.: to. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. £40 14th
| St.; Cleaning, 3e per yard; trl. Mission 74.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate nve: tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND J IKII I ALIS.M.
__Z1
; MRP. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may he consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
1 hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
' bl*s; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
I rated: recovers I -;. Btolen or burled prop-
l erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
I your entire life, past, present and future,
: while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
■ guaranteed !>y mail; send i-.tamj) for circular
! with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
j 205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
_^_
; ;_______
i MRS. J. J. "WHITNET, the celebrated test
I medium, 'if reader ami medical clairvoyant;
I sittings. Jl: diagnosis free.: "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 2:?? Stockton.
! MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails: satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1:30 to 5
p. m., 7-10 p. m. ; L.. 2T.c; G., BOc. 612' i Eddy.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
j Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
GYPSY 111 reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
2.-ic; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th St.
MME. BERINBKLET, fortune teller. ISA Co-
I lumbia Square, bet. Cth and 7th. off Folsom.
' MME HANSON, pain •■ 10c; card reader;
j past, present, future. 2."c. 14 Sixth St., r. 12.
! TOUR future told by cards. 2r.c; daily. 10 a. m.
1 to 10 p.m.; Sun., 10 a.m. to R p.m.. 1024 Sixth.
; MM!'. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
i palmistry, 2f.e: truth or no pay. 11*9 Mission.
I MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
| sittir.ss dally. 212U Sixth st.
1 MME. MOREAU, the be?t medium and card
reader: 2."c up. 73 Fourth -t . near Mission.
j MRS. WEST, trar.ce medium and healer. 12GG
Market, par. 14: mail with Jl and stamp ans.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent writer,
330 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall. Pun. night.
MM I RAVENNA reads lire fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c un. 5 Fourth st.
! MRS. C J. MEYER, 37,5 McAllister; sittings
i dally; test meetings, lOo: circles. 25c; 2, Bp. m.
j PROF Gee— Medium: read's. '■■ $l:test circles
Tup- . T! ■•••■■. Frl.. • p. m.. TV •■■■■, Market.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessin?: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Acent. Office and factory. 21 Sr"->r st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
! GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; m charge un-
less successful. Room 310. ?'27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
I $14— FURNISHED or unfurnished. 137 Julian
J aye., off Sixteenth and Mission sts. ; modern
I Improvements.
j NICE cottage: " rooms and bath; rent cheap.
I 4437 Twentieth st.
j D SUNNY rooms; chicken house, barn; cheap.
£21 Thirtieth st.. near Noe.
I COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath, with or with-
out Ftable. 4'W Dolores st.. near Seventeenth.
I
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zrtnkasd— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use rt electricity, cas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums: the best md most artl«tlc
dental work a' reasonable prices; pure gold
i filllngF from $1 up: other fillings from oOc;
! badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 60 up: flesh colored plates from $3 ,*0
up; teeth without plates a specialty; op;n
evenings and Sundays.
j A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Byncl, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: Bee (Jur flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; platen,
full F°t. $3; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Par! 24 Sixth st.
I AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bid?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 E0 Up; places, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. in.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 OFarrell «t.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $?: bridges, $4;
'. rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free: the ■■■• work; the low-
est prices; all work warrar.red and painless;
■ terth without plates a specialty. Modern
I'ental Parlors. 120fi Market, -or. Golden Gate.
! V. 1 VROOM— extraction by electric-
I. ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
i operators; no students. 997 Market st.
O. lii Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evening* and Sunday*. 880 Market.
PARIS Dtntnl Parlors. 231! Kearny. cor. Bush-
full set teeth. $4; crowns, $•'; fillings, 2.>.
MEYER— l>utscher ■.■■<•■ Turk: '.st-eiass
work: prices reas. ; kus: crown & bridge work.
LOWEST prl'-»s In S. "F. : work warranted 10
: ye«r». N. Y. Dentists. r>(7T Mission, cor. 'th.
' DR. LCDLUM HILL. 1441 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: al! work reasonable: gas given.
SET -i teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1 1 <1 Prlk ft.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
■ DRESSES— Cutting and fitting taught at schol-
ar's house. $10. 403 Grant aye.. cor. Bush.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
■ French tailoring system tau if ht. JOS Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 3Si Geary; dresses
made $:, up: dresses made fv>:: perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres 1 Business CoKege; new
arid progressive methods in all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budftet system of bookkeep-
Ing; life scholarship, $59; send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mi-ch. survey,assay,archl.;day and even :
eet. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.,'and 903 Broad-
■way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F..
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
ALL students but two taxing full course this
year got positions. Ban Francisco Business
College, 1236 Market st.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
i; new members welcome: ret.' 100S Mission.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Filllppe's
Academy of Languages. S?0 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of.
I/"lpslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order lit DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. arithmetic, grammar, writing;
gay and night; term? low. 1024 Mlsston.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau: Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleanlng. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main ISSC^
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nt Slitter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
■free. 465 Clay st . phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary Ft.; tel. Grant a 6.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell: t"l. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush: best Chinese help fUT-
:.:«h>-il promptly. Telephone P..'d la.ll.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
KURSE,~flrst-cW>, with ten years' reference,
wishes situation. J. F. CROSHTT A CO., 318
gutter st. .
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren wishes position as housekeeper; cUy or
country, Call Golden West Hotel, Ellis ft..
room %l. between 1 and 3 p. in.
NURSE— A male nurse, graduate of Bellevue,
N. Y. wants engagement In private family.
Address Nurse, Red Cross Tent.
1 STRONG reliable young Eastern girl deptres
genera] work and cooking or upstairs work
and waiting. Call 418 Larkln et. .
REFINED Eastern lady wishes position as
housekeeper. Please write or call at T3l Ban
Pablo aye.. Oakland. ,
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation: country
preferred! good reference. Call for three days
B Ewing place.
WANTED— By a first-class woman, place to do
general housework; no objection to the coun-
try. ''■"• First Ft.
WILLING, competent girl wishes to do house-
work; Is good cook: wages $25. Call at pres-
ent employer's, 1309 Octavla st.
SITUATION wanted by Bwedlsh girl as cook
In American family; $25 per month. Call 138
Twelfth Ft.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work: wages $20. 76 Hermann st.
WOMAN would like plain sewlng-at home. 821
Mission St., rpom 1.
YOUNG lady wishes position ns housework
girl; country- Call at 106 Stockton st room 9.
YOUNG, healthy lady wants a situation ns a
wetnurse: state wages. Box 2970, Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes some light em-
ployment 3 or 4 hours dally, except Sunday;
wait on Invalid lady, care of child or rooms.
J. D., box 266, Call office.
' GERMAN girl wishes a position to do house-
work and plain cooking; wages $25. Call 214
Fifth st.
TWO young ladles would like, chamber work
together in hotel, Address box 270, ''all.
HOUSEKEEPER; take charge of home or do
second work; Al references. Box 267, Call.
RESPECTABLE young lady, unexperienced,
would like wcrk in a spice house label de-
partment. Call or address MISS JONES. 233
Eleventh St.
SWEDISH girl would like a position In Amer-
ican family to do general housework. 25* Va
Perry st.
j EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en- j
: gagements; would receive patients In her
' home; good references. Address Nurse, 47A |
Clara et., Third and Fourth. Folsom and Har- |
rison.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to ny 1 from ferry.
i
j A BRANCH olllc? for all advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucjty Fts. Open till > p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lcricln Ft.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober young man wishes work
of ny kind: knows the city thoroughly;
handy with horses: best kind of references.
Address 400 Capp st.
WANTED— P.y a good and reliable young man
of 18, a position in wholesale house or office;
good education and best of references. Ad-
drefs box 994, Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, age 37, twenty years' city
! experience, bookkeeper, cashier and manager,
wants work: steady or temporary: city or
country. Address box 2919, Call office.
COOK wants situation: Is a good all-around
cook In a restaurant or caf*. Please call or
address F. <"■■■ 88 Ninth st.
YOUNG man desires office work or position In
hardware itore; experience In latter; good
reference. Address box 229, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a situation In hotel
a? porter or pantryman; tirst class. Box 2''2i,
I 'till office.
YOUNG man wants light, steady work on
ranch. WM. WOOD, 530 Eddy St., nr. Larkin.
BARBER wants situation. Address box 225,
Call office.
BARBER wants situation; one year's experi-
ence; $9 week. Box SO2, Call office.
SITUATION desired by young man at any In-
door work; would work for private family; no
previous experience, but would expect small
wager at first. Box 29GS. Call.
YOUNG Danish man. single, wants situation
in private place: thoroughly understands care !
! of horses, cows and garden: best of references.
Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh st., Oakland.
I RELIABLE young man wants situation In gro-
I eery store to take orders and deliver. Box 269,
j Call office.
WANTED— Work by German in wine or liquor
house; experienced cellar man and bottler. Ad-
dre«s box JO. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young man as por-
ter or chamberwork In hotel; city or coun-
try. Address box 2916, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED rran wishes position as bar-
tender or nlfrht watchman. Box 2914, Call.
HOTEL and restaurant steward: can furnish
the best of references. Box 274, Call office.
I JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy;
j small wages. B. KISHL 1320 Pine st.
MAN of good character wants situation in gen-
eral merchandise or grocery store in country;
will work cheap at first to learn the busi-
ness; good driver; references. Address L. 13.,
727 Bush st.
EXPERIENCED cellarman wishes situation;
can do cooperage repairing: references If re-
i quired. Address E. MUTIN. 1324 Powell st.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
I northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky 6ts. Open till 9 p. m.
! A BRANCH oSRce for Call advertisements and
ruhscrlntloni his been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
FLAT!" TO LET.
FINE fiat. 7 rooms and bath: 623 McAllister, nr.
Van Ness. Apply 023 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10
Montgomery st.
FURNISHED sunny corner fiat 4 rooms; rent j
$18. Corner Hermann and Jessie sts.
GEARY, IPO9. opposite Hamilton Square— Two
flats, '1 and 6 rooms each; upper flat reduced
to $12 60; lower to $13.
I GEARY, 1917— 516; four nice rooms; bath; toilet,
gas; nice yard; cellar; furnished hall.
I LEAVENWORTH. 1519-Flat 4 rooms; gas; I
bath; modern improvements; rent $15.
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat. 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable . to good tenant.
NEW modern flat. Just completed: 8 rooms and
bath; reasonable. 1433 O'Farrell st., between
Lazuna and Buchanan.
O'FARRELL. 1933-1937— New fiats, Just com-
pleted: rent reasonable. Apply MADISON _
BURKE.
SIXTH, K3CA— Upper flat. S rooms; bath: large
yard; front and rear entrance; rent $12.
' SUNNY flat of 4 rooms. Apply at ESV4 Zoe Kt.,
between Bryant, Brannan. Third and Fourth.
$16—124 HENRY: sunny i',-ror.m upper flat; bath;
water free; stall for .horse.
$20— NICE sunny flat; -7 large rooms and bath;
nice basement: view all over the city. S\V.
i cor. Jones and Broadway.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms and bath; all sunny.
220 Thirteenth Ft., near Howard.
7 ROOMS and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny bay
windows: for 2 families. 41714 Third at.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
ELLIS. 1312— Two new modern flats; 8 and 10
rooms and bath; front two streets; sun all
day; newly and hand6omeiy furnished. Apply
10 to 12. -
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— to 7 room furnished flat or cot-
tage; state location and rent. Box 2974. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting 10c per yard; linen warp, 13c;
tapestry Brussels carpet* sowed, laid and lined,
Me per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1313 Stockton st.. nr. Broadway.
FURNITURE of 6-room flat, newly furnished;
on Ninth, bet. Howard and Folsom; a bar-
galn. Box 234. Call office.
NEW furniture of 6-room flat, very cheap, as
whole or part. Apply 230 A Seventh st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak" tor $4» 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE AVANTED.
LARGE and small lots: 200 rooms; country:
must buy this week. Box 764. Call.
ALFRED WOLLPERT 778 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your td-hand furniture.
WANTED— S3OOO carpets.furniture.etc.; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllver-'tein.ll2l Market.
FURRI'I-iRs; FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrak.in yokes, $10 to
$30. ROUT. WALLACE, 11.' Keartiy. top floor.
HELP WANTED —
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x61 Inches In 8
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
LADY solicitors wanted: salary and commis-
sion. Consolidated Flavoring Co., 1454 Mar-
ket St.; 2 to 6. ..-,-■:■:
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
after 4 p. m. P. C. M. A., 70 Flood bldg.
HELP AVANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED— second girls, $25; German cook,
$35; 3 French nurses and second girls. $20 and
?26; Cook, plain wash, across the bay, $30 ;
Scandinavian girls and general housework. 2
in family, short distance, $25; waitress, city
and country, $20, $25: cook, country hotel, $30:
German nurre, ?20; housekeeper, $13, nice
place; a large number of girls for housework
in city and country, $20 and $25; lroner, coun-
try laundry, $25. J. Ft CROSETT & CO., 318
Sutter St.
WANTED TO-DAY.
2 waitresses for Nevada, ?20; waitress, Fres-
no, $23, free fare; 2, Sacramento, $20, free
fate; 1 waitress, Calistoga, $20. free fare; CO
girls, general housework, $10 and $25. C. H.
HANSEN * CO., 104 Geary st.
WOMEN and girls to pack fruit in Union
Warehouse, corner Battery and Union sts. ;
steady work and wages raised. A. S. NEAL
WAREHOUSE CO.
WANTED— A good laundress to take washing
home. Call on November 1, between 4 and i
p. m., at 1513 Clay Ft.
WANTED— A young nurse girl: a short dist-
ance out of city; wages $6 to $S. Apply at
MM Washington Bt.»;
STRONG woman; light housework for twe
ladies: wafies $10; Protestant Box 2978, Call.
NEAT German girl; assist light housework
and children. 629 Greenwich st. I
WANTED— First-class alteration hands at E.
MESSAGER'S cloak store. 145 Post st.
YOUNG girl to assist at waiting on table in
restaurant: $4. 680 Fourth st.
WANTED— GirI general housework. Call 1231
Guerrero Ft.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies' underskirts;
work In factory or at home. 579 Mission st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 1808 Lar-
kln st^ '
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman to assist.
515 Linden aye., above Laguna st.
WANTED— German girl for upstairs work and
to assist with children. Apply mornings, 1004
I'aru Ft., Alnmeda, Morton station.
WANTED— Apprentice for milliners at MME.
A. GRAESSLER'S. 127 Taylor st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— First-class waist finisher, cloak-
makers and skirt finishers. Only first-class
hands need apply at 1200 Geary el., from 7:30
p. m. •
GIRLS of about 16 years of age to rivet over-
alls in LEVI STRAUSS' factory, 32% Fre-
mont st. '
GIRL: general housework; small family; good
wages. 1029 Dolores st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on custom vests. Room 111, 6 Eddy st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework.
1504 Ellis ft.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones st.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing.plnking. 121 Post, over O'Connor^: Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. IOS Post St.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
EXPERT butter and egg salesman, thoroughly
acquainted with the city trade, $100. C. R.
HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK FREE FARE
Stonemasons for the Coast R. R-, $3 50 a day.,
laborers for the Southern Pacific Co. on steel
and ballasting gang at Madera, $1 73 day. free
fur.-; laborers and teamsters for the Valley
Railway. $2 a day, free fare. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 104 Geary st.
3 MACHINE drlllmen for a mine, $2 50 a day; 2
single hand miners, $2 50 a day; 2 underground
carmen, $2 a day: 3 ranch carpenters, $1 50 a
day: 2 harnessmakers for a ranch. $30 and $35:
6 farmers, different ranches, $26 and board; 2
farmers, orange ranch, $2.">; 20 woodsmen, sea
boss here; liken choremen and others. c.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. _____^
1 MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $30;
i cook, restaurant, $86; third cook, city, $30:
broiler, city, $50; second cook, city, $60; third
cook, springs, $50 and fare advanced; 6 wait-
ers, $25, $30 and $33: dishwashers, kitchen
hands and others. C R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary et. . •>"
WANTED— Man and wife for fruit and poultry
ranch: man must understand running incuba-
tor; $45 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
■628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— American clothing salesman; $10
week; young man. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
C2B Sacramento st. ..V :'."
WANTED— 2 milkers, $30 and found: 4 miners
for first-class mine, go to-day: 8 miners, $2 25
day: lumberman for mine, $2 75 day; farmer
and wife, small ranch, Alftmeda Co.; horse-
man and wife, $35; mason's helper, $2 day;
farmers, $1 day; hoppers. $1 cord; 5 car-
penters, $3 day; 7 miners; plumbers; cooper,
$30 and found; 10 laborers, near city, $2 day,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento Et.
WANTED— Cook for Nevada, $45 to $50. fare re-
funded; butler, $33; shampooer, $40; restaurant
cook, {60; restaurant Beccnd cook, $10: hotel
cook, |80; second cooks, dishwashers, kitchen
men; German hotel cook and wife, $60, and
others. J. F. CHOSETT A CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED '
Second cook, country hotel, fare advanced.. s3B
milker and wife, near city $'•">
Swiss milker, good steady Job $35
farmer and wife $40
3 farm hands, near city $26
10 laborers, near city...sl 25 per day and found
woodsmen, crosscut sawyers, swampers and
laborers for mill, $25 to $35 and board, and
100 others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sfc. 104 7th: tel, Jessie 152.
WANTED— A cornice maker: nothing but a
first-class, sober worker need apply. Address
L R. JORDAN, 1013 Ninth St., Sacramento.
WANTED— First-class grocery salesman. An-
swer, giving references and salary expected,
box 860, Call office.
$230 A MO. guaranteed salesman on patent Oil
Gas Burner for heating & cooking: cheapest
fuel. Perfection Burner Co., D3sl, Cincinnati, O.
GOOD barber wanted at ? o'clock for Saturday;
wages- $2 50. 9.ISH Howard st ;
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 131 Third st.
TWO barbers: steady; wages. Opposite main
gate Presidio,
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. 112 A First
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday:
show for steady work. 1405 Polk St.
BARBERS— barbers wanted Saturday. 703
Howard st.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. r.G2 Mission St., bet. Ist nnd U sts.
WANTED— FIrst-class wood turners. CARL F.
HAAS, 417 Mission st.
WANTED— FIrst-class Japanese cook; privilege
of attending school. Address box 2547, Call.
GOOD piano player that can sing. 713' i How-
ard Et. .
COATMAKER for country- Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
HARNESSMAKER. 120 Drumm St.
DISHWASHER. lOCS Hyde st. > .
HELP WANTED—MALE.
MURRAY & READY..". ...PHONE MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
want to-day, from 7 a. m., help for British
Columbia, Arizona, Oregon, Washington, Ha-
waiian Islands, Utah and all parts of Call-
fornia
12 cooks $50, $40, $30 and found
6 waiters, 2 porters $30, $25, $20 and fd
9 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and fd
cook and waiter, lunch counter $35 and fd
vegetableman; . also cook's helper for the
mines, $30 and found; MURRAY & READY,
684 and 636 Clay st. /
A— 6 GOLD Mines 6 Silver Mines
IS Other Mines
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75
18 miners, single hand drills, silver.. s6o found
62 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month, Including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 It?.
16 laborers, you will cult. fare $2 60.... 552 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. found
Great Crowds... MURRAY & READY,
Going Dally 634-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS Dairies Stables
26 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
68 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady jobs $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
12 milkers $30. $25 and found
12 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15, $10 and found
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A— WE ship you free Railroad work
1M teamsters, laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay St.
A WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 3S sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
167 men for 60 different Jobs
from laborers to run macHnes
wages from $28 to $40 and found
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
...tree fellers br»rk peelers, jackscrewers. ..
woodsmen and mlllmcn of every description.
$SO. $75. $65, $50. $45, $40. $30 and found: wood-
choppers, tiemakers. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds
We pay MURRAY *■ READY.
Your fares 634 and 636 Clay et.
BIG WAGES
26 laborers. Inside work $2 to $2 75 day
16 laborers, fare EOe ....... v s6o
12 quarrymen. country "$6O
SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laborers and teamsters for city and coun-
try Jobs, $3, $2 fO, $2, $1 75 day: some by tha
day, others factories, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS HARNESSMAKERS
BLACKSMITHS OTHER HELP
14 carpenters, 9 months' Job $3 day
12 carpenters, free fare $2 50 day
2 carpenters, ranches, fare $150. $40 and fd
hamessmaker for ranch, 30c fare.... $30 and fd
6 blacksmiths $60
edcermen... wheelwright... farmers and wives
3 tinners 4 plumbers' helpers
slate splitters, lathers, blockmakers. granite
cutters, shingle packers, $3 60, $8, $2 50 day;
also 643 positions NOT ADVERTISED
MURRAY * READY, 834 and 636 Clay St.
i WANTED— Several young men: business propo-
I sition; good wages. Room 81, 816 Market St.
BRIGHT, honest boy to learn picture framing
and gliding. Apply at 222 Ellis St.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 108 Hayes st.
PRESSBOY at Boutin's printing office. 619 Fil-
bert st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 250
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
ONE marker and one distributor wanted at U.
S. Laundry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED— painter. 1550 Turk st.
WANTED— extra cook for Saturday and
.Sunday. 2D Stockton st.
DISHWASHER for restaurant. 113 Turk st.
I ' ~~ '
I WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
i WANTED— First-class bootblack. 1203 Market
j St., corner Eighth; good wages.
: WANTED— blacksmith and horseshoer.
1 Apply 22 Cortland aye.
i WANTED— Experienced men for brick yard.
South San Francisco, San Mateo, County.
WANTED- 2 men with business ability for of-
fice position. 47?'- Thirteenth st., Oakland.
WANTED— A young man, 17 to 21, Grammar
or High School graduate, living with parents,
for permanent position In city commercial
office. Address in own handwriting box 2932,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS pressers on ladles' tailor skirts
and Jackets. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny.
j WANTED— First-class waiter at Manhattan
House, 5.25 Battery st.
BARKEEPER, German; must be polite and
i quick; state references. Box 272, Call office.
BARBERS Good -hair shop In country for
rale. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
BARBER; young mnn: easy work; $9 week.
Address E. D. i; , Petaluma. P. O. box 507.
BARBERS— Wanted to buy. half or whole In-
terest in good paying shop: country pre-
ferred. Box 877. Call branch, Oakland.
BARBERS— sale cheap; your own price.
Address box 252, Call office.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
I dinner ot supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
ft., near Polk.
' A— YOUNG men to Join Ayres' Business Col-
lege: nave more positions than we can fin.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neyg, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
WANTED— Sklrtmaker at BCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices
; $1 week N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
j BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
crganlzed union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Laborers end mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
j runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
I rooms: 2. r >c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to l»-arn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
: quired; constant practice: expert Instruction; ;
lectures on dermatology : Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated "catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. fi3r, Clay st.
SAILORS and ordinary sejmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
?C0 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Linden. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
I TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
! for a room: Hie a nitht: $1 r week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading room; free
, "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks: expert Instructions; Saturday
wages: call cr write for catalogue. S. F. :
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
Fiihscrlptlcns has been established at the '
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- !
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m. |
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
(tubscrlntlonc has been established at 1006 Va- I
lencia st.
! HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
I ~^^-» .— —— — — ~. .
LOOK out for the big sale of horses direct
from the country at Ormonde Sale Stable,
1517 Mission st.. Tuesday, 11 o'clock. S.
W ATKINS, Auctioneer.
*0 HORSES for tale; also wagons, bugglei.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
: 527 Sixth st. ; auction sales every .Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
! £0 HEAD line draft and driving horses at 1621 j
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and '
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road ami busi-
ness horsos. Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 67
Minna st.. bet. First and Second.
{ FOR sale — A young gentle family cow. 1743
i Noe St., between Thirtieth and Thirty-first.
HOUSES — LODGING — I'Oft SALIC.
H. C. DECKER,
OFFICE 1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE STH,
OVER COLUMBIA SUIT & CLOAK HOUSE.
21-room house; $300 cash $700 j
US rooms; clears $100 650
15 rooms; clears $80; rent $35 600
24 rooms; on Third Ft. clears $100 650
9 rooms; on Mission st 300
45 rooms; corner: clears $200..... '..... 1200
56 rooms (transient); clears $20" 1500
■is rooms; on Market st. : rent $75 1300
[ CO-room hotel and bar 5000
i 115 rooms: best inthe city 6000
: 40-room boarding-house 3200
50 others, 5 to 200 rooms, from $100 to $10,000.
R H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
— OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE —
I 14 rooms; $400 cash, bal. $10 month $600
| 23 rooms: will sell at auction about price
i asked for house: elegant 1700
I 31 rooms; facing 3 streets; only 1050
j 30 rooms; corner: rent $SQ IS'.O
I 39 rooms; new sunny corner 1350
— MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
I PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st. ; new cash buyer dally.
FOR spot cash — 11-room house; a snap; no
agents. T. P. ("HOPE. 1145 Mission st.
FOURTH, 303— A 20-room house well furnished;
i good paying house; good location.
$185— ELEVEN rooms; good furniture; $19 rent;
no agents. 346 Third st. .
33-ROOM lodging house: nicely furnished;
sunny corner. 7C4 Howard St.. cor. Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY, 202, near Fourth— House. 3 rooms; rent
$7: water free. Apply UMP.SEN & CO.
WILLOW aye., 771— House of. 5 rooms and sta-
[ bio; good condition.
HOUSES TO LET.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 426 Fremont St., near Harrison.
REDUCED to $46— 9-room lodging-house; 313H
O'Farrell st. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
lint you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery !>t.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
WEBSTER, 1560— A complete and handsomely
furnished 2-story house; 7 rooms, bath.
LOST AND FOUND.
$5 REWARD — Lost, bill book, containing 2 pay-
master's checks; no value to finder. Return
to W. S., Cull Business Offic».
LOST— Satchel, pocketbook attached, contain-
ing, letters. NELLIGAN. 34V4 Kisllng St.;
reward.
LOST— On Fair Oaks st., amount of money.
Return to 13534 Fair Oaks St.; reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st. between
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care: nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2751; residence.
1312 Golden Gat<- aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. QbODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market Bt.. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at lIS Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 510
Eddy »t.. h»t. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, Indies' practical physician for
37 years. 3is Ke3rny st. ; consultation free.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist, 1023^ Market st.
HOM" in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladies' physician. 1223
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission Bt.
A RARE chance — On account of being over-
stocked in unredeemed pledges, UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye., will for 3 days sell
Indies' and gtnt's gold watches, solitaire and
cluster diamond rings, solitaire diamond
screw earrings, diamond lace plna, solid sil-
ver spoons and forks, for amount loaned and
1 month's interest; worth double the price.
$15 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
attachments complete. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., ion-ill Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
EngUah fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansnme St.. tel. Main 5»56.
8 HOISTING engines, ?. sfnmcrs, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERKY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged: furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 610 Gtolden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants, $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, His Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash. etc.. for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. H4S Miwiion, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
11 'tiers and encrlr.es. H. S. White, rgr, Mission.
BOILERS, enpines, lathes, word planers. 12 and
24 in.: gas or.g.. 2d han.V J. Tt'.:rk". 130 IVrJ*.
MISCELLAJTCOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy second-hand watte-ui sealette
jacket: state nrlce. JANETT (JOMHS. box
230, Call office^
WANTED— To hire 100 flret-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
WANTED— Light 2-seated surrey: cheap; state
price. E. MITCHELL, box 87», Call.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. T.ar.-1-rV r ,t- ('■■.. !1t M"ntcromer>
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
hack in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
7iay It and rarry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call f^-tiO Donohoe Mdg. . 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; r.ny amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. Q. E.
OLSEN 1 . room 16. fust floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alumeda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no de!ay3. J.
NOONAN, IH7 to 1123 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVI 'ID delays: try all others, then see me; $50 to
$inr.,<wn ; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
pare«; estafsln probite, undivided intere-'ts !n
estates, legacies and mortgages ught: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 6M Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, MS Market st.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
•"ASH loaned to -salaried people on note with-
out,? Indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rxtes. BECKER, M Montgomery st.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KI/">TH. 220 California St.. room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. 3. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$r0 TO $:>0,OCO: lowest rates; Ist and Zd mortfjS. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 4l;t Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
MONEY loaned salaried people on . eir notes
Without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see 11. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United StTtf". nnstpnlrt. for *1 per year
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selllnc cood upright pianos for $8
cash and $G per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
»ame as If purchased for all cash: bargains
in pood second-hand uprights upon sam; easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $» and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO..
Steinway dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter
us.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
FORTY years In business here has placed us in
position to serve y..u better than moat others;
a fine assortment of Hazclton and other
pianos at lowest prices: a few used pianos at
preat bargains; a Stelnway upright. Hard-
man, Chase I'.ros., Arion. De-wlnc Bros.
specials for tr.u; week; squares from $2". up;
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, second floor.
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 2S and 3f> O'Fflrrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing pcsslbla done to please and satisfy ths
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
DURING this week we offer all kinds of
musical Instruments at greatly reduced prices
to make room for new stock; get our prtees
befor buying. ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co.,
769 Market ft.
A DECKER & SON Piano Is the one to buy
when a first-class article Is desired. For sale
on'y at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
BARGAIN for to-day only; *2.V) for a beautiful
walnut Decker upright; goo 1 as new; owner
leaves city to -night and must have cash. In-
qlre mi McAllister st.
24 NEW pianos to rent: $3 per mo. S<"OTT-
CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
PIANOS at auction prices In storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
FINE Stelnway upright left by party; sacri-
ficed. Room 12. Flood building.
A— UPRIGHTS $69 up: Installments. $S 75 up;
rents, $: up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
MUSICAL I* STRTIMEN J^_
W~G~BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon Hallett & Davis pianos.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, 1«
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 808
Post st. ■ '
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
~ PALMISTRY. *
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones: classes:
offi ■■» hours. 1 to 8 p. m.: reading by mall. $1.
~ PERSONALS.
SAUSALITO— Monday, 2 p. m.. talk
over details. ASYLTjM.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; pants.
$3 76, or overcoats, $12 60; made to order;
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market st., St. Nicholas Hotel.
SUITS to order on easy installments. I*.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet, (th and Str».
DR. L. B. WOOD: dental work In all branches;
examinations free. 719 Market St.. rms. 2 _ 3.
LABORERS, rare opportunity— Have recently
returned from 2 years' sojourn at Dawson; can
furnish reliable information, etc. Address
box 27!. CaU. — —
DRUNK ESS— A harmless, home cure. For
particulars address P.. P. O. box 483. ban
Jose. Cal.; confidence respected.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth at.
THE Ideal Hair Co., hairdressing and mani-
curing. 22 St., first floor.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verlts
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
FRINGES braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINQER'S. 723 Market st.
GO to LEDERER'SHalrdressing Parlors latest
styles, 25c; hairdresslng at residence, $l'o0;
price dressed, with shampoo, 50c; shampooing
short hair, 25c; manicuring, 25c. 123 Stockton.
MASSAGE given at your residence; 16 years'
experience; rheumatism successfully treated.
Address C. J. MCLAUGHLIN. 507 Jones st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lore, 238 Kearny st., first floor, room 2-3.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Tradmarlc
Attorney at Law. ' and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
2r<! to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and Inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason.
I MRS. BENNETT. 1165 Mission— Cancer cur« I
da>B; no knife, no caustics; references.
! ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 100
for latest list. MRS. HERTZi. 706 Ellis st.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. * Eddy st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac. tool*
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curloelty shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 625 Pupont St.. nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing. call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
i RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tlon; guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 614 Plne.ab.Krny.
I WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farreli. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
KH'_> Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
$900 FOR new house of 5 rooms and lot 50x100,
in Oakland; terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month; lot and house cost $1200. Inquire V,"M.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
ANY reasonable terms will be accepted; 30$
Laurel, near Clay St.; good house, 8 rooms;
marine -view.
2419 California, near Fillmore St.— Lot 34:44
x 137:6, and good 7-room house; these will be
- sold to satisfy mortgage— McEWEN BROS..
118 Montgomery st.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4800; RENT $340 A YEAR .....
$1000 CASH. BAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
FOR sale— s- room, hard-finished cottage; lot
25x125; street graded and macadamized. 14S
Sagamore St.. Ocean View; near station.
$180£— $14 per month: 4 rooms. foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
VAN NESS aye.: $110 front foot: st. bitumln-
tzed and sewered. Apply 2740 Van Ness aye.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
A MODERN 9-room house In Frultvale, Oak-
land, for sale In quarterly payments and will
take San Francisco lot for first payment.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala-
meda Co., fronting on county road; $25 per
acre for quick sale. H. H. Crane, 410 Montgy.
FOR sale — 600 acres of grazing or dairying land
in southern part of Humboldt County, Cal.;
large outside pasture; good climate; plenty of
wood and water; long time If desired. MAR-
TIN R. JAGER, 110 Taylor st.
] 20 ACRES; produced 9 tons of dried fruit and
I 30 tons of hay this season; good house and
i other buildings. T. A, BELL, room 612, Ex-
aminer building.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
'■ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
AUSTIN aye., 102, off. Polk— nice sunny
housekeeping rooms and bath.
BUSH, 2526 — 2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping; adults only.
! CHESTNUT. 293—2 or 3 more furnished rooms
j for housekeeping; cheap; fine house; cor. bldg.
CLAY. 2421. In rear, near Flllmore— 2 unfur-
i nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
j EDDY. 735— Three large, sunny, well-furnished
rooms for housekeeping; yard.
ELLIS. Modern housekeeping apartments;
newly furnished; 2, 3 or 4 rooms.
: FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; S con-
necting, $13; also single, $5 to $7.
i FIRST. 28—3 sunny furnished rooms suttabl*
for housekeeping; $10 month.
FEL*L. 118, near Van Ness— room, house-
keeping if desired; single, $5; double. $8.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping; also single.
FULTON. 21S-Nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 to 6 rooms.
| GEARY. 691— Sunny unfurnished rooms'- very
reasonable. . •,•:;,?*.
HOWARD. 704 cor. Third-Nice large furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, -op, sunny bay-window suite with
kitchen; man and wife; others; moderate.
HOWARD. 1324-2 nice . sunny bay-window
j rooms, complete for housekeeping.
! HYDE. 408-Sunny unfurnished rooms; also
P&.riors*
"?Sv^j_X' ekeeii ° ris; 3 15; »'"*'«•
L m^n'SV^y i m%ff lo^^1 o^^ "^
M C or lj n^ T ß - , - Two s^ny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; res family; price $15.
"If^hS^" 8 f UrnlB^ d rooms, housekeeping;
also large front roomjorjwo gents. .
MISSION £ GS - Sulte of rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
N hm7- H nea « r i n Market - 2 connecting rooms,
wa'ter;^t P o've _^ : * r m° nt ' " : Bingle ' $6; ga * :
N 513. "frß^tmjTTunny rms.; nicely fur-'
i _n,shed 1 $1 O, S,, week, also housek'p; phone.
Horn's- R, s ?i;7 SU .7 ny . furnished or" unfurnished
rooms, suites. $7; single. $4; bath; parlor.
P hoi^kl Tw °, cnnn€>ctln & furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also bedroom; cheap.
S ho'u^e N k^ 92 0n " larce "nfurnlshed room;
housekpg. rms. &■ mites. MRS. ■ Pr a wt., prop.
S^bWurniW 166 BUnny roomsTTin^ror
aouple, furnished or unfurnished; housekpg.
TURK, 540— unfurnished rooms- every" rnn.
venlence for housekeeping; Trge yard.
2 n J o J as\k?pnin nny ., Ms furnished complete for
Abdlv *? P 8: V-" ? er we * k ' *6 Per month.
1 Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission, bet. lat &. 24.ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Cnfurn. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
bubscriptions has been established at the !
?.?]£. corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
yst3 - Open till 9p. m.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San
Antonio ; opening Oct. 14. electric elevator;
not and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St.. near Market. ,
A «? RU £ SWIC . X HOUSE. 14S Sixth-Rooms !
ii >,! l V p< ! r 'Bht: $1 28 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike hous.->; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms 60c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nislnjd rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARRQLTON, 1206 Market^ cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis. corner Mason-Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms; $1 60 week up; elevator day and night. !
EDDY, 210—2 parlors, 1 single room; neatly fur-
nished.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— sunny bay-
wlndow room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
FRONT furnished room: 1 or 2 gentlemen;
Spanish people. Box 2920. Call office.
FULTON, 431— A single front room for a gentle-
man.
GEARY, 217— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
rent reasonable.
GEARY. 406 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers aocommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny suite rooms for
housekpg.; piano, phone; other sunny rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Sunny front room;
bath; reasonable; single room. $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN-Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
1 rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, — 2C-0 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nlshed; every convenience; electric lights.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated;
23c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
HYDE, 133— Comfortably furnished rooms; quiet
and homelike; light housekeeping permitted.
JESSIE, 315Vi— Nloely furnished rms. ; modern
conveniences; must be seen to be appreciated.
LARKIX, 103*— Large sunny furnished or un-
furnished offices or living rooms; reasonable.
LOCUST aye., 125. near Van Ness and Golden
Gate— Front furnished room. $1 per week.
MCALLISTER. Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1220— Large alcove room; grate; run-
ning water; also single room; reasonable.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished, 35c day up; $2 week up; transient.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Gear}'— Corner bay-win-
dow; mantel; double bed; gun all day; $10.
SIXTH, .19— Furnished rooms, 11 25* week; also
front room.
SIXTH, 84— Nicely furnished ' sunny rooms;
suite or single; reasonable,
NINTH. 72— Nicely furnished sunny single
front room; private family; ?« month.
OAK, 116— elegantly furnished sunny bay
window room: bath; gas; gentlemen preferred.
O'FARRELL, Sunny pleasant rooms with
or without housekeeping privileges.'
POWELL. 309— front suites at the Wal-
dorf for rent; without board.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to fS; month. $? to $30; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men, $1 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. •
ROOMS WANTED.
THREE unfurnished rooms with respectable
family; walking distance from. Emporium.
Address box 232, Call.
WANTED— 2 sunny connecting single furnished I
rooms, east of Taylor st. Address, stating j
rent and location, box 2159. Call.
WILL pay $10* for furnished room with bath
for gentleman; private. Box SS2, Call.
TWO unfurnished aunny rooms; suitable for '
chemist: rent not exceeding $9. Box 881. Call. |
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. 1
ALL kinds bought^ sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rate?. 2." Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d st. |
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; j
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. KM.
STABLES TO LET.
GRAND chance for a livery stable or coal yard;
34 stalls; loft for 100 tons hay: cheap.
GEORGE W. IF. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706
Market st •
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; Roods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. n Post, cor. Power- Tel Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 7r,c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny. i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JI3OO— LOT 60x150. with large cottage 'of 6
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms !
and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000.
$2Soo— Lot 40xl£0, on Morton st., bet. the rail- ;
roadß, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms; I
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$2350— L0t 40x150; Morton st.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms; i
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to ■
let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO.. 1432 Park st.
$300— LOT 25x140; all street work; $50 cash, $10 |
per month. $2000— New house of 8 rooms; lot
40x118; 26th aye.. E. Oakland; $200 cash $25 i
per month. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park et.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly !
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the ;
United States or Canada one year for $1, !
I "ttage paid. .
' ; t
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOUSE 6 rooms; bath; rent $15. 2113 Clem-
ent aye.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; lar*e
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FTN'KK. 1416 Bth. I
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university '■
grounds, ran be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley. ,V: <
WE are selling houses and lots right and left, i
but have a few left. O. G. MAY & CO.. i
Berkeley.
$3300— UP to date 8-room house; large lot; close j
to University of California.
— Just as good 8-rodm new house; Im- '
proved street.
$4250— Fine home in heart of Berkeley; rents
for $45 a month.
$1500— 50-foot lot on Durant aye., east of :
Shalt
$1060— Comfortable cottage, 5 rooms; wind-
mill, tank, etc.; dirt cheap.
O. G. MAY & CO.,
Opposite" High School, Berkeley.
BIG bargain; house of 6 large rooms, bath, pan- i
try; hot and cold water; high basement; cor-
ner; lot 100x129; fruit trees; chicken house; :
well 100 feet deep;, windmill and tank; only
1 block from station close to electric cars;
school, churches, stores, etc; take Berkeley
train get off at Lorin station and ask for
RUDOLPH & PERKIXS.
CHEAPEST and' best In America*— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
" BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET. •
FOR rent— ln desirable location house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with sta-
ble chicken house and large yard; convenient i
to trains and university grounds. Apply O. I
G MAY 4 CO., Berkeley station. I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
j OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS— SI2S; lots in Frultvale. and San.
Leandro Road Tract, near Fruitvale Station,
| .electric cars, schools; homes built; easy
terms: title perfect; nothing like them. H.
B. PIXXEY, Agent, room 9, 605 Broadway,
Oakland. • ■;.",
BARGAINS— SI2S; lots In . Frultvale and San
Leandro Road Tract, near Fruitvale station;
electric oars, schools; homes built; easy
" terms; nothing like them. H. B. PIXXEY.
Agent, room 9, BOS Broadway, Oakland.
$2650— EXCELLENT neighborhood;. 7-room
house; bath, modem plumbing; lot 60x125;
stable; close to trains, schools, etc; Its cheap
at $3500: only $2650 asked for. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, .Oakland, Cal.
FOR sale— Xew house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
I aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 93x
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
TENTH, 1220— 7-room house: bath; large yard;
central; near trains; rent {20.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 689 ■
24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer. lltli and Franklin. Oakland.
dividend notices.
mu-tualTelectric light company— a
monthly dividend (No. 2) of eight cents (8
cents) per share on the Issued capital stock
of the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, 617 Howard St., San
Francisco, on November C. 1399. Transfer
books close on October 8L 1899. at 4 o'clock
p. m. JAMES FISHER; Secretary. •
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 9S (60c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1. 1399. .Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY. October 28,
1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN thT*Superi or Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation . organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of tha
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY. November 13, 1599. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court,
Department No. 2, In the City Hall of th«
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for the
hearing of cald application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. IS?9.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
rs»au
PROPOSALS.
uoav^R^iTT^iF^ATn^OßNiA!
BERKELEY.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS. BUILDERS
AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
[ sealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
I erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo- •
ratory building on the University grounds.
Berkeley, Cal., and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for; and said bids or proposals will be re-
ceived at the office of the Acting Secretary of
' the Regents of- the University, In South Hall,
Berkeley. Cal., at or before 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
I of the 6th day of November, 1599.
And notice is hereby further given that the i
plans and specifications of said buildings have i
been made and adopted and are placed In the !
office of Curlett & McCaw, architects, 314 ■
Phelan building, San Francisco, where the .
' Fame may be seen and examined during each
day, from 10 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock j
p. m., from this date until day of
No bids or proposals will be considered un-
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer In the sum
of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that. if said bid or
proposal shall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations j
In accordance with «aid proposal, and plan I
and specifications, which «hall be and art
hereby required to be a 1 part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids is
hereby reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act, en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an !
act to create and organize the University of !
California." approved March 25. 1868. and an i
act amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved !
March 25, 1872, relating to the construction of |
buildings, approved March 3. 1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and ■
Buildings of the Board of Repents.
E. A. DEXICKE, Chairman.
W. A. MeKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
• Dated October -4. 1 C 99.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have be*>n issued as follows:
H. r.r.ls: and Elizabeth L. Helnrlchs...... 39-23
William Blanck and Louise Wise 28-13
Peter llan?e-n and Anna D. Christofferaen. .3o-23 .
BIRTHS— — DEATHS.
BORN.
ZEIS— In Oakland. October 23, 1869, to the wife
of Adolnh Zela. a son. ■
'' MARRIED.
ALBERS— MEHLWIT^-In this city, October
25, 1899. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Carrol W.
Alberg and Anna F. Mehlwitz.
DICKIESOX— COEURN— In this city, October
25, l e &9. by the Rev. Frank S. Ford. James E.
Dickieson of Sutter Creek, Cal.. and Henrietta
M. Coburn of San Francisco.
CHBIBTMANN— In this city. Octo-
ber 26. 1899, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Henry
Saxt.-,n and Margaret Christmann.
! SINCLAIR— BRANCH --In Oakland. October IS,
1599, by the Rev. John Bakewell. D.D., of
Trinity Episcopal Church, Willard Bryant
Sinclair and Minnie Belle Branch, both of
Oakland.
___
"died.
Anderson. Charles McCann, Elizabeth
Berrlll. Joseph B. Peasley, Ellen
Blalkle, Eliza J. Peck, Mr*. Prlscilla
Culver. James H. Perry, Gladys E.
Dowd. Nellie Reed, Annie
Erlanger, Herman ' Rellly, Rose
Gaw, Herbert J. Ryan, Amelia A.
Harris. Abraham L. Smith, George
' Jacobson. Harold F. Tornwall, Minnie J.
Jensen, Thora Walker, John
Lasclottcs. Catherine Wempe. Anna M.
Laverty, John Whearty, Joseph P.
ANDERSON— the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 27. 1899. Charles Anderson, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 37 years.
BERRILL— In this city, October 27. 1899, Jo-
seph 8.. beloved son of Maria and the late
Captain William Berrill, and brother of Wil-
liam W. T. and the late Charles L. Berrlll, a
j native of San Francisco, aged 45 years 7
months and 2 days.
81-AIKIE-In this city, October 26, 1599," Eliza
J. Blalkle. wife of R. T. Blalkle, and aunt
j of Sarah Preston.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday.) at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 205 Fair Oaks street, near Twenty-
| third. Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CULVER— In this city. October 28. 1899. James
Henry Culver, a native of Medina, N. V., '
aged 64 years.
DOWD— In West Berkeley. October 26. 1599.
Nellie, beloved wife of Thomas Dowd, oldest
daughter of the hilt- Nicholas and Ann Ennis. j
and lister of. Mrs. (',. Welsh and Mrs. F. Me- I
• T.:.u(s-iillr.. a native of San Francisco, aged 36 '
years 7 months and 2.". days. .
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are'respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9.:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2105 Fifth street. West Berkeley? thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn 4 re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her. soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
ERLANGER— In Redwood City, October 25,
1899, Herman, beloved husband of Sarah Er-
langer, and father of Mrs. Jacob Small and
Esther, Jonas, Simon, Isidore and Joseph
Erlanger, a native of Buchau, Germany, aged
72 years 9 months and 25 days.
(D'The funeral services will take place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, at the
chapel at Home of Peace Cemetery. Special
train from Redwood City at 11:30 o'clock.
Friends from .San Francisco desiring to at-
tend the funeral, will take the 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets for
Enianuel station.
GAW— In this city, October 26, 1599, Herbert
J., beloved son of Hugh and Anna Gaw, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year • and 9
months. , •
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 213 Dorland street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. ,
HARRIS— In this city, October 26, 1899. Abra-
ham Lelb Harris, beloved father of Mrs. An-
nie J. Harris, Mr. Henry Harris. Mrs. D. L.
Rosenthal. Mrs. R. 8. Bornsteln and Mrs.
C. J. Bilverberg, • a native' of Exln, Prussia,
aged 89 years. ■
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO,,
(Successors to Flannagan St Gallagher), '■'■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB. j
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 89k 1
THE SAN FEAISCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28. 1899.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 817 Gough Btreet. between Fulton and
McAllister, thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
New Salem Cemetery for interment.
JACOnSON— In this city, October 25, 1899, Har-
old F., beloved son of Bernard and Annetta
Jaqobson, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years and 11 months.
tTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 4 Folsom avenue, between
Seventh and Eighth streets. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
JENSEN— In this city, October 27. 1899, Thora,
beloved wife of Hanß Jensen, a native of
Denmark, aged 33 years and 5 months.
LASCLOTTES— In tills city, October 2G, 1899,
Catherine Lasclottes, beloved wife of Henri
Lasclottes, and cousin of Leon Cazet and
Mr. nnd Mrs. Joseph Pucheu, a native of
Fran-e, aged 26 years.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 24 John street, between Powell and
Maeon, thence to French Church of Notre
Pame dcs Victolres, where services will be
held.
LAVERTY— In the City and County Hospital,
October 27. 1899, John Laverty, a native of
England, aged 2S years.
McCANN— In this city, October 26, 1899. at St.
Mary's Hospital. Elizabeth, beloved wife of
William F. McCnnn, and mother of Philip
and John J. McCann, Mrs. P. M. Kelly, Mrs.
Martin Feeney and the late Mrs. Mary A.
Fischer and James McCann, a native of
County Armagh, Ireland, aged 67 years.
(Healdsburg, Cal., papers please copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12:S0 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, Philip McCann, 71 Germa-
nia avenue, corner Flllmore street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEASLEY— In this city, October 26. 1899, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Peasley, and mother of
Mrs. A. Sullivan and the late Mrs. M. Shan-
non, a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged 63
years.
(t? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 1067
Mission street, near Seventh, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PECK— In Alameda, October 27, 1899, Mrs.
Priscilla Peck, widow of the late Levl P.
Peck, and mother of Oeorge 15. Peck, Mrs.
R. E. Kaaron, Mrs. A. M. Hlckox.. Mrs. L.
H. Jacobl, Mrs. R. D. Hunter of Alameda and
Mrs. C. a. Titchener of Binghamton, N. V.,
aged 71 years.
PERRY— In Ocean View. October 26. 1599.
Gladys 8., beloved daughter of Arthur and
Carry Perry, a native of Ocean View, aged
2 months and 15 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 118 Farallones street, Oaean
View, interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REED— In this city. October 28, 1899, Annie,
beloved wife of Silas W. Reed, and mother of
George L.. Kittle. Emily and Percy Reed, a
native of Salinas, Monterey County, Cal.,
aged 44 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances ar© respect-
fully invited to attend the funaral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
REILLY— In this city, October 26, 1899, Rose,
beloved wife of John Rellly, and mother of
John J. and James T. Rellly, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 64 years. (New
York papers please copy)
tTTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Saturday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late
residence, 523 Elizabeth street, between Noe
and Caiuro, Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth,
thence to St. James Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RYAN— In this city, October 26, 1599, Amelia
Agnes, beloved wife of John H. Ryan, and
mother of Ruth S.. John H. Jr. and Martha
J. Ryan, a native of New York, aged 32
years 6 months and 12 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:15 o'clock, from har late resi-
dence, 130 Frederick street, between Masonic
avenue and Ashbury street, thece to St. Agnes
Church for services commencing at 1 o'clock.
A solemn requiem, mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at St. Agnes Church
on Monday,. October 30, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 27, 1599, George Smith, a native erf Eng-
land, aced 23 years.
TORNWALL-In this city, Otrtober 27, 1859,
Minnie Johanna, beloved daughter of Eman-
ual Tornwall, and sister of John H., Edward
B. and Alexander A. Tornwall. a native of
Eureka. Cal., aged 8 years 5 months and 16
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clook. from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WALKER— In this city, October 87. 1899, John,
beloved son of John and the late Mary
Walker of Londonderry, Ireland, a nativo of
Ireland-, aged 32 years 4 months and 9 days.
(Londonderry. Ireland, papers plfase copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company. 405 Powell
street, near Post, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
WEMPE— In this city. October 26, ISB9. Anna
Maria Wempe. dearly beloved wife of the Itita
Henry Wempe. and beloved mother of Ger-
hard and William Wfmue, Mrs. Henry Ot-
tens and the late Henry L. Wempe, a native
of Hanover, Germany, aged 79 years 1 month
arnl 2 days. A member of the Third Order of
St. Francis and Christliche Mutter Vereln.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 30, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 41^ Oak street, between Lacuna and
Buchanan, tiience to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jonea street, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. comm»nijlng
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
tery.
WHEARTY— In this city, October 27. 1899 Jo-
seph P., dearly beloved son of the late Martin
and Ann Whearty, and brother of Thomas,
I'fter ai.d .Mary E. Whearty and Mrs. Annie
Hoffman, a native of Pan Francisco, aged 33
year* 1 month and 21 days.
IC7" Friends Hro respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the parlors of Valente, Mnrinl
& Co., 1624 Btooktoq street. Interment Mount
Calvary ''emHery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C M Wing, UB V 'Mrs G Bristol, Chgo
G Turner, Modesto E B Hlgley Cal
M H Orr, Stockton M E tfloper, Chgo
F 3 Martin, Fortuna L W Tyron. Cal
F A Shaw, Fortuna H F lister Covelo
I de Piehon, Cal It J Brewater, D C
Mr ft Mrs -Photwell, Mr & Mrs Launsdsn,
Stlllwater i Scn'and
R .V '.' Twine, DC IP (rocket N V
R M Brown, Wheatlnd C B Harul 'Merced
L F Peeratt, Cal II Hill, Juneau
O O Rales. '. - h1 Mrs H HIM Jun»au
L i/onrath. Cal B Rothschild Ohio
W Ehlmann, U S V HE Mosley, Chgo
C M Small, U 8 V J S Woodman. Chro
H F Paddock. U S V H H Hunter, Redding
G Liunsmann, U H V J L Clark, Los Ang
L J Laird Jr, Colfax J Q Eaton & w Cal
C L White. Sacto Mrs W C Gossard Cal
A L Hun, Sedalia Mrs E L Con, Cal
D Thorn, Cal Miss Hammon, Minn
H S Allbright. Kan L L Green, Orovllle
H Mclntyre, Berkeley C E Mack, Bacto
F S Bard well, Berkely M Delpenhook Sacto
J Totter, New Haven H L Oak S Rafael
,T J Lonergan, Los Ang A D Bartle, Sisson
G H Holl, Los Ang F Davidson & w, Cal
A S Uurge. Spokane- C Kelly Dawson
Mrs Burge, Spokane H Clark, Cal
Dr J B Halwood & w, ' S O Wells, Reno
D S N jM Medigovtoh A w
D F Maher, Cal Bisbee
Miss V A Harvey, Cal:J D Carr Jr Stanfrd
D Smith, Btockton jE W Morrison. Stanfd
Mrs D Smith. Stkton W H Nichols Cal
W W Turney, Cal |E W Akerman, Oal
•E 6 Pierce. Fresno |H D Madlgan, Cal
J A Ashbrook, Denver B F .Shaw Nevada.
B D Ashbrook. Denver M Leonard S Cruz
H N Tyrrel, Cal H J Iludd,' Knoxville
J G Wheeler ft w, T»x Mr? W C Potts Cal
Miss Wheeler, Tex ; Miss Potts, Cal
Mrs B F Patrick. Chpto'
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Seymour. N V Mrs Hayes. N V
F H Smith. New York Miss Tutt. New York
A Hazelton. New York I Miss Bean, New York
S Leon, New York ■ R P Nevln Jr Pa
W R Moon. New York Mrs Nevln Pa
E T Smllh, Seattle F H Buck. Vacavllle
A P Thalhelmer, La T L Richmond NY
Mrs 0 D Spencer, La H B Barbey NY'
J Finnell, Tehama • Miss Barbey X V
j: H Stagg, Johansbrg Mrs A Seton' N V
C D Hansen. USA. 11 de Poctales, Genera
P J Donohue, Utah Mrs do Poctales Genv
E P Jennings, Utah C F Scott, New York
G W Winzeshelmer. [J C Schulte, New York
■ Salt Lake Mrs O P Posey L Ane
J A Dubbs. Plttsburg Mrs S A Van Dusen
Mrs Dubbs. Pittsburg ; Los Angeles
Miss I Dubbs, Plttsbrg C II McFarland. L An
W E Byrnes, Mich J B Lankershim, L An
Mrs Symes, Mich |H Chesebrough. Mich
•I 8 Truce. MD. Mich H Stahloe. Colombia
E C Hlckman. S Diego J W Frankel, N V
(i B Cramer, NY A Wedl, New York
M M Rosenbaum. N V J Rlngling, Chicago
W F Franklin. NY |w Watt. Stanford
L A Nares. Fresno iDr E A Scale. Ireland
B T Blnford, Ohio T Davle. Scotland
£ D ,?'i ke £ , Yrek s , X D Emerson. Stanfrd
Mrs E D Baker. Yreka C A Heddcn. NY
P Hobart, Omaha II V Murphy, N V
II Hornblower, Mass TS Holmes NY
Mrs Hornblower, Mass Mrs Holmes N T
W H Motley, NY' . W J Arkell. N V
R S Hayes, N V B Arkel!. New York
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
T Devltt, Fan Jose fMrs B Anderson Or
R Myers. Fresno C Weaver A w, ' N M
J J Buchanan, Sn Jose Mrs FieMman Chicago
C J Rheln, Stockton O Wilson, Rio Vista
J L Johnson & w, Cal J C Heath, Fall River
J Rooney. Seattle J Wilson, Lewiston '
W Black, Vallejo |S A Sutherland. L Ans
J Patterson, Vallejo C Gannlkson San Jose
A Hendrlcks, Vallejo J Hock, Anvil City
J A Robinson, Wash R V Newman Seattle
B W Reynolds, Wash
REAL ESTATE LOOKING UP
THE real estate market continues
to steadily improve, and while no
recent sales of startling proportions
have been reported, a great deal of
business Is being transacted and
some very good deals are being negotiated.
During the week Just ended business has
been good, with indications of further Im
provement Thomas Magee & Sons have
practically closed several new deals of
more than ordinary size, one amounting to
$55,000 and the other $41,000. Details of the
first are not yet obtainable, but the sec
ond Is the sale of a lot on the north side
of Bryant street, 300 feet west of Fourth,
200-foot front and a depth of 275 feet, with
an extra lot in the rear. The seller was
the Sharon estate and the purchaser was
Major C. L. Tilden. Major Tilden intends
to erect on the site the largest warehouses
In the city. Thomas Magee & Sons have
also recently completed the sale of the lot
en the northeast corner of Eighteenth and
Harrison streets, 205x274, for $19,000.
j Bovee, Toy & Sonntag report the sale of
! the lot on the south side of Pacific ave
nue, 137:0 feet west of Gough^treet, 68:9 x
127:8^4. The seller was Anna Toblenbosky
and the buyer C. R. Winslow. The price
paid was $15,000. Mr. Winslow intends
erecting a handsome residence on the site.
The same ilrm, has also made the follow
ing sales of country property: A stock
and grain farm in Merced County has
been sold by John F. Snade to W. M. Dun
can for $22,450; 160 acres In Sonoma
County from J. M. Fellows to J. F.
Stevenson for $6400; fifteen acres in the
same county from J. M. Waddles to
George T. Miller for $2750.
Baldwin & Howell report the following
recent sales:
Lot 25x100 on the north side of Fifteenth
street, fifty feet west of Church, with im
provements consisting of two flats for
$3000; lot on the east side of Howard
street, eighty feet north of Fifteenth, 30x
125, with improvements, $4500; lot on the
north side of Frederick street, forty-four
feet east of Shrader, 75x100. $4725; lot on
the west side of Broderick street, 105 feet
couth of Sacramento, 27:6x82:6, with im
provements consisting of two flats, $6800;
! lot on the north side of Pacific avenue,
i forty-five feet west of Broderick, 27:6 x
127:SVi, $4500; lot on the north side of Post
1 street, sixty feet west of Larkin, 25x120,
with two-story house, $2500; lot on the
east, side of Eleventh avenue, 225 feet
south of J street, 25x120, $725; lot on the
< east side of Nineteenth avenue, fifty feet
| south of M street, 50x120, $600; northwest
corner of Eighteenth avenue and N street,
32:6x100, $460; lot on the west side of Tenth
i avenue, fifty feet south of O street, 25x100,
j $250; lot on the south side of Jackson
I Street, eighty feet west of Buchanan, 50:6
! x 127, $6750; fifty vara lot on the northeast
corner of Hyde and North Point streets,
I price confidential; lot on the southwest
I corner of Dolores and Army streets, 33x90.
i with improvements, $4000; lot on the west
I Bide of Dale place, 117 feet south of Golden
I Gate avenue, 20x60, $3750.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. held a regular
auction sale of cltv realty on Tuesday,
October 24, at which the following pieces
of .property were sold: South side i.N T os.
427 to 431; O'Farrell street, 195:3 feet west
i of Taylor; lot 57:9x137:6 feet, with two
large houses fronting on O'Farrell and
two small houses In the rear; $26,500.
! North side ' (No. 626) Sacramento street,
216:10^4 feet east of Kearny; lot 20x55:9
■ feet, with two-story brick and iron build
! Ing; $5250. North side (Nos. 212-214) Fred
erick street, 135 feet west of Ashburv, lot
26x116:6 feet, with two flats: $4950. South
( side (Nos. 681-081M>-6SUi) ' Clementina
i street, 100 feet east of Eighth, lot 25x77
i feet, with three fiats; $ISOO. Southeast
1 corner of Laguna street and Myrtle aye
! nue, lot 25x62;6 feet, vacant; $2450. South
| side of Haight street, 155 feet west of
Broderick, vacant lot 25x120 feet; $1975.
The following sales were also made by
! Easton. Eldridge & Co. recently:
Residence on the west side of Cen
tral avenue, 25 feet north of Page street,
22x90, $3750; lot on north side of Twenty
first street. 100 feet east of Alabama, 26x
| 104, S'jOO; two fiats on southeast side of
Harriet street, 106 feet southeast of How
| arci, 2?x70 feet, $2675; cottage on north side
■ of Ford strert. between Sanchez and ?^oe,
28x114 feet, $1500.
The German Savings and Loan Society
i has sold two lots, through G. H. Umbsen
& Co., aggregating $30,000. They are the
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Montgomery Godley to Sarah Godley, lot on
1 N line of Sacramento street. 137:6 E of Frank
lin, X 44 by N 127:8^; gift.
Margaret Cnnnane to W. 8., J. 8., T. E.
I and M. A. Cunnane and M. J. Lewis, lot on
I SE corner of Jackson and Lyon streets, E 91
: by B 32 :S<-i; also lot on E line of Lyon street,
! S7:SH S of Jackson, E 91 by S 40; also property
i outside of county and all other real estate in
I California; $1.
Katie Maloney to Minnie Hays, lot on N line
! of Ford street, 200 W of Sanchez, W 23 by N
114; $10.
Michael and Carlotta Babbino to Antonio
i Babbino. undivided two-thirds of lot on E
! line of Farwood alley (98 ;9 S of Filbert street
' and 77:6 E of Dupont). S 1«:6 by E 60; $1500.
I Nathalie G. Hochsteln vs. John O. F. Berg
i havrser (by Spenoer C. Buckbee, referee) to
< Frnnk Razzetto, Louis Costa Glsberto and Am.
' brogio Oranueebi, lot on NW corner of Green
! and Dupont streets,->W 29:4^ by N 57:6; $10,000.
! Hannah Levy (wife of Isaac) to Augustus
Mierson. lot on S line of Green street, 08 W of
! Powell. W 24:3, S 69:9, E 24:6. N 1, W :8, N
: 6!:9 (quitclaim deed): $6.
! Isaac Levy to Joseph Calegarls, same; $5.
! Joseph and Elvira Calegaris to Guiseppe and
j Palmira Torre, lot on S line of Green street, 63
! W of Powell, \V 45:6, S 89:9 X 48:9, N 1 W :3.
N 88:*; $10.
I Honora Sharp to John E. Sharp, lot on NW
[ corner of Beach and Taylor streets. W l"7:G
by N 137 : C; also lot on SK corner of Jefferson
'• and Jones street*. E 137:0 by S 137:6; also lot
on BE corner of Taylor and North Point streets,
E 137:0 by S 6<>. quitclaim deed: $5.
J"hn B. Sharp to William M. Hoag, lot on
NiV corner of Beach arnl Taylor streets, W
1 137:fi by N 137:6: also lot on SH corner of Jef
and Joi 88 Htroets, E 137:6 by S 137:6; $5.
I John <; F. lierghauser and Mathilde G. Hoch
steln (by Spencer C. Buckbee, referee) to N.
T Glacomlnl, lot on N line of Broadway, 98
B of Taylor etr.-et. E 22:<S, N 62:6, W 24:6,
S 23:6, E 2, S 39; also right of way over lot
on N line of Broadway, 90 E of Taylor street,
E 3 by N 39; $1650.
Covlngton Johnson to Thomas W. and Chris
topher O. Rivers, lot on SE corner of North
Point and Hyde streets, E 137:6 by 6 137:6; $10.
C. B. and Jessie W. Stone to J. W. Mc-
Donald, lot on NW corner of Twenty-eighth
avenue and J street. N 100 by W 57:6; $10.
William A. and Caroline Schulu to Gustave
Gunzemlorfer, lot on E line of Forty-seventh
! avenue, 250 8 of N -street. E 120 by S 25; also
; lot on E line at Forty-seventh avenue. 275 S
of N streets. E 120 by S 25; $10.
Richard 11. and Anna J. Bavage to Fanny L.
i yon Kusserow, lots 7 and 10, block 530. Bay
! View Homestead; also lot 8, block 189, lot 9.
block 242, South San Francisco Railroad and
Homestead Association; also lots 17 and IS,
block 6, Junction Homestead Association (N
' line of Valley street. 203:7 W of Diamond, XV
101:10 by N 114); also property outside of
cou r'yj $IP.
W . tun F. and Qeorgiana m. Perkins to Al
mira C. Perkins, lot on SE comer .of Pierce and
Clay streets, S 27:4H by E 93:9; $10.
Alniira C. Perkins to William F. Perkins,
same; $19.
Katharlna Fauss (executrix of the estate of
Otto Fause) to Minna Foerst, lot on E line of
Scott street, 71 S of Halght, B 26:6 by E 88 :S;
$3QCO.
Robert A. McLean to Irving M. Scott, lot on
N line of Pacific street, 137:6 W of Devlsadero,
W 137:6 b» N 265:2%; $10.
John and E. Kohlrnoos to Emmie Kohlmoos,
lot on N line of Grove street, 125 E of Brod
erk-k E BO by N 137:6; $10.
C.eorpe W. and Ella Kline to Charles H. Ab
bott lot on E line of Baker street. 100 8 of
Have?. R 50 by E 100; also lot on E line of
Seventh nvenue, 176 N of B street, E 120 by
N 7C; $10.
Mary C. Perrault to Terrence P. Martin, lot
on W line of Central avenue (Lott street), 2C:6
N of Page Ptreet, N 22 by W 90:8; $10.
William and Jennie Helbing to Frederick P.
and Mary U-uitrrwasser, lot on W line of Flor
ida street, 85 S of Twenty-first, S 25 by W 100;
$10.
Natalie G. Hochgteln vs. John G. F. Berg
hauser (by Spencer C. Buckbee. referee) to
Natalie (1. Hochsteln, John G. F. and Julius
H Berghauser,. lot on S line, of Pacific street,
16:8^ W of Montgomery avenue, W 38:9 by S
137 :«; also lot on W line of Kearny street, 137:6
N of Jitckson, N 74. NW 82:7V4, W 16:3 Vi, 8
137 6 E 69:2: $94,000.
J O F. Bershauser. Natalie G. Hochsteln
and Julius H. Berghauser to San Francisco
Realty Company (corporation), lot on W line of
Kearny street. 137:6 N of Jackson. N 74, NW
S2:7^ 'W ES:OV4. S 137:6, E 107:11; $10.
Carlo and Domenlca Capelll to Mlchele and
AeoFtinlo A. Capelll. lot on W line of Powell
street 57:6 N of Filbert. N 25. W 70, S 20. AY
7f» (reserving life estate): gift.
Estate of John Lyons (by Mary M. Holtz, ad
ministratrix) to Mary E. Donegan, lot on NB
line of Dora (Langton) street. 125 SE of Folsom
also 160 SW of Seventh, SE 25 by 80; $2050.
Louis and Sophie Kahn to Louis and Chris
tina Renner, lot on B line of San Bruno avenue
150 S of Cross street, S 60 by E 120, lot 92,
Bernal Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Marc LajUß (executrix of the estate of Ernes
tine Q. I>ajus) to Luigi Pezzola and Bertolomeo
Bolari lots 17 and 18, block 2118 Alden Tract,
atTemescal, Oakland; $800.
Christian and Martha G. Schrelber to George
E Pratt, lot on NX corner of Rose Garland
way or Evoy avenue and Lupk street, N 161,
E 120 N 41. E 120, S 82, W 120, S 120, W 120 to
beginning, being lots 50 to 53, 67 and 58, White
House Plat; also lot on E line of Lusk street.
825 N of Rose Garland way or Evoy avenue, N
41 by B 237:1, being lot 45 of above map and
lot 8 and portions of lot 8 and 10, Paradise
lot 45x85:6 feet, with an "L," and cov
ered with a four-story brick building, on
the southeast corner of Sacramento and
Leidesdorff streets, and the lot 89x137:6
feet, with Improvements, on the south
side of California street, BO feet west of
Kearny. The name of the buyer is with
held.
Umbsen & Co. have also sold for the
Margraf heirs the lot 20x80 feet, on the
south side of Mission street, 77 feet east
of Third street, covered with old improve
ments. The price paid is $12,600. The
buyer Is Walter D. K. Gibson.
The lot 81.'58x137:6 feet, oa tha northeast
sido of Beale street, about In the middle
of the block between Market and Mission
streets, has been sold by W. W. Mon
tague & Co. to Josiah Stanford Jr., for
about JSO.OOO.
Deeds have gone on record of the sale
by the Hibernla Savings and Loan So
ciety to Henry E. Bothln. of the property
of Irregular size on the south corner of
Eighth and Tehama streets and three
other pieces, for the total sum of $20,
--' George H. Jacob has bought of Wil
liam W. West and wife the improvements
and lot 23x62:6 feet, on the we3t line of
Mason street, 46 feet north of Pine, on
private terms. , . .
Bernhard Hellfron has purchased from
Amelia Kemme the property on the south
west corner of Jessie and Hermann
streets; lot 52:6x85, for $9500.
Francis Lowe has bought from J. v.
Demlng and wife the Improvements and
lot, 28x120 feet, on the n o rtheast , u s® „
Sixth street, 182 feet northwest of Bran
n CorneUus j'. Pringle has bought from
Gustav Harshall the improvements and
lot 25k120 feet, on the north line of Post
street 60 feet west of Larkln street, on
Pr ßudolihTPerklns. the Berkeley brok
ers report the sale of a house and lot, 868
Nineteenth street, to Dr. A. T. Piercy for
9600: and a house and lot on Derby street
to W Welsh of San Francisco for $4000.
There were but eight building contracts
filed during the record, and their aggre
gate value was only $25,825 The largest of
these contracts was that of Cora A. Morse
with C. W. Duffle, for alterations and ad-,
dltions to the building on the south line
of O'Farrell street, 137:6 feet west ot
Leavenworth, to cost $<500 The next
largest was the contract of the Crocker
Estate Company with the Wybro-Hendry
Company for electric work, to cost $3439,
In connection with the seven-story brick
and stone building on the northwest cor
ner of Post and Gardener streets. Mark
Sheldon contracted for alterations and
additions, to cost $3000, to his residence on
the southwest corner of Golden Gate
avpnue and Laguna street C. F Buckley
awarded a contract to J. W. Smith for
alterations to the former's one-story brick
building on the north line of Market
street 100 feet west of City Hall square,
at a cost of $2993. F. H. Woods contracted
with Richardson & Gale for work and
material on the basement walls of a new
building to be erected on the north line
of Geary street, 120 feet east of Grant
avenue, to cost $2832. W. F. Jay let a
contract to Marcuse & Remmel to build a
two-story eight-room dwelling on the
west line of Second avenue, 225 south of
Clement street, to cost $2750. Frank T.
Keane contracted with W. A. Hicks to
build a five-room cottage on the north
west corner of Noe and Twenty-first
streets, to cost $1700. D. L. Bliss contract
ed with G. C. Sweeney for plumbing and
gasfitting work in the former's new resi
dence on the northeast corner of Baker
street and Broadway, to cost $1671.
The savings banks, building associations
and private capitalists of this city loaned
a total of $252,470 upon local real estate
for the week ending October 21 against
$357,900 for the previous week. The loans
of the savings banks amounted to $222. 550,
and were as follows: Hlbernia, $95.850;
German. $<52,500; San Francisco Savings
T'nion, $S000; Savings and Loan, $4100;
Humboldt, $19,600; Mutual. $24,500, and Co
fambus, $500 i). The building associations
loaned a total of $11,100 and private capi
talists and others loaned 515, 520. All tne
loans by the Hibernia and Mutual savings
banks were at 6 per cent, Including one by
the former of $37,300. The Humboldt
Savings Bank made one loan of $13,000 at
6 per cent. The German Savings Bank
.made a loan of $50,000 to the San Francisco
Realty Company at 6% per cent. Releases
for the week were $227,800, against $203,100
for the previous week.
Plat; also lot on E line of Lusk street. 448 X
of Rose Garland way or Evoy avenue, X 82
by X 237:1. being lots 41 and 42. White House
Plat, and be-in? lots 3 and 4 and portions of lots
2 and 5. Paradise Plat. Oakland; $10.
H. L. Holcomb to W. W. Saundera, lot on SE
line of Howe 1 street, 150 SW of Mather, SW 80
by SE 125, being: lot 19, block L. Thermal Hill,
formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland; $10.
Thomas F. Gregory and Patrick J. Matron
to Marie B. Samoulllet. lots 8. 9 and 10. block
2, Tract A, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley; $10.
Mary G. and Geonre T. Smith to A. L.
MacklnJer, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, 100 W of Adeline, W 25:3 by N 76, block
642. Oakland; JSOO.
John H. Jr. and Harriet F. MaJlett to te
brecht and Lois S. Strache, lot on SB line of
Howe street, 60 SW of John, SW 30 by SE 125
being lot 16, block X, Thermal Hill, formerly
the Howe Tracts Oakland; $10.
Emma 8. Cameron to John A. McLure. the X
half of lot 18 In plat 14, Mountain View Ceme
tery, Oakland Township; $266.
Maria Gallndo (wife of Charles) to F. and
Maria R. Battlmarco, lot on N lino of Thirty
sixth street. 10". Eof San Pablo avenue. "c
£0.22, N 95.2. W 50, S 88.66 to beginning, being
portion of lots 6 and 7, block A, map of portion
of Mrs. B. J. Evoy's property, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
H. C. Morris to Mrs. Pearl Hook, lot 15.
block 25, -Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township;
J. L. Browne to Jennie A. Hall. lot 4. block
D, Brockhurst and Whitcher Tract, Oakland;
Dora and Abraham Davis to Cornelius Shea,
lot on W line of Grove street, 116 S of Locust,
W 100, X 8, WG6, S 106, W 18, S 14:4U, E 100,
X 14:4U, E 84, N 100 to beginning, being; lot 12
and. portion of lots 7 and 11, block R, Kelsey
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Harris Garcelon to John Reid, lot on E line
of Poplar street, formerly Louise street. 108:6
S of Twenty-sixth. S 25 by E 115. Oakland; $10.
Rosomond R. Johnston (wife of N. R.) to
Charles R. and Norah Chtlson, lot on E line of
Myrtle street, 103:6 S of West Fourteenth. S
40 by E 123, portion of lot 9, block B. Oakland
Central . Homestead Association, Oakland; $10.
Albert R. Coin to Daniel F. O'Connell, all In
terest in following: lot on E line of Broad
way, 212. 6 of Walnut (or Twenty-second)
street, S 60 by E SO; also lot 00, block' lo. re
subdivision of blocks 10 • and 11, . Howe Tract:
also lot on NW corner of Thirty-eighth- street
and Telegraph avenue, X 60 by W SB, being
E 75 feet of lot 4. Perrln Tract:. also lot on X
line of Thirty-eighth street. 76 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 50 by X 50, portion of lot 4, Perrln
Tract; also leasehold Interest In lot on E line
of Broadway, 134 S of Durant street, S 33 by E
150; also personal property and any other prop
erty not known or discovered, Oakland; $10.
Cornelius and Etta Shea to Walter L. Jack
son, lots 17 and 18, block 37, map of lands of
Oakland Point Railroad Ferry Landing. Oak
land; $10.
William P. Geary to Annie Jeffress (wife of
Thomas), lot on SW corner of Twenty-third
avenue and East Nineteenth street, S 60 by W
120, portion of . lot 7, block B, Associates
Tract, East Oakland; $1850.
San Francisco Savings Union to Thomas E.
Hanson, lots 87 and 83, map of estate of John
Evoy In plat 86, Oakland; $800.
Delia Marie Green to John T. Green, lots 13
to 17. block 34. Tract B. Berkeley I*, and T. I.
Association, Berkeley: rift. -
Edward Rivest to Mary and Francis Rlveat,
lots 6 and' 6. block E on map of reaubdlvislon
of Smith's subdivision, Matthews' Tract Berke
ley; $10. ■
Goorge W. and Pearl Hook to R. J. McMullen
lot 8, block 26. Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. .. • .
Maria A. Toler to Manuel T. Davila, lot 1 of
the Toler Homestead ■ subdivision, Brooklyn
Township: grant.
L. G. and Mary L. Young to J. McMullen
lot on SE corner of Clement or Atlantic avenue
and Lafayette street, S 60 by E 108, being por
tions of lots 13 to 16. block 60. map of prop
erty In vicinity of.Enclnal station owned by
Columbus Bartlett. Alameda: $1830. ..
James A. and Elizabeth Collins to Mary Jo
sephine Knowl»«s. lot on N line of San An
tonio avenue, 200 E of Walnut street, E 40 by
X 100. being portion of lot 5, block I lands
adjacent to Encinal.-Alameda; $3000.
Hannah Reid to Helen and John Driver and
Bertram E. Aber, lot on . S line of Chumalla
street, 101:2 E of Watklns, thence parallel with
Watklns 101:2, thence parallel with Chumalia
35:3, thence on a straight line to S line of
Chumalia to a point 45:9 E of point of begin
ning, thence, W 45:9 to beginning of city of
San Leandro, Eden Township; $300.
' Elvira M..and Lewis H. Hubbard to Mary E
Moore, lot on E line of Euclid avenue 130 N
of Himird, N 50 by E 125, being. lot 4, block
15, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10. .
. ■ O. G. and Eliza B. May to same, lot on SE
corner iof : Euclid avenue and Cedar street. E
125 by S 49.26, being lot 5, block 15. same, Berke
ley: $10. "• __^^
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
Watpr Stocks— I Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 70% 71 Al Pack Assn.Ußtt —
Marln County. :>0 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. lol VilOlVi Oceanic S Co.. 87 57%
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. 145 —
Cent L & P.. 54— iPar Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult G L. Co. 6V4 5%l
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Honokaa Susar Co 34 75
10 Spring: Valley Water 101 87^
120,000 Spring Valley Water 6s 113 To
Street—
9 Bank of California 407 00
110 Equitable Gas 5 75
26 Oceanic S S Co 87 50
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 12H
110 8 F Gas & Electric Co 61 00
30 S F Gas A Electric Co, cash 61 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 80 S7>*
10 Spring Valley Water, cash 101 26
100 Vigorit Powder 3 61 H
Afternoon Session.
Board—
9 Bank of California 407 22
10 Hana Plantation Co 12 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co 29 00
100 Paauhau S P Co <[o W
12000 Park & Cliff House 6s 10' 00
$MOO S F & S J V bonds 11$ j£
1 Spring Valley Water 101 »
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water JO VTV,
10 Giant Powder Con 84 oo
50 Equitable Oas « °9
20 Hana Plantation Co 12 2o
25 Paauhau Sugar Co 35 no
10 S F Gas & Electric Co « 2o
10 Spring Valley Water 101 to
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Ga« 5 75
20 Oceanic S S Co 87 60
»8F Gas & Electrlo Co 60 B,H
10 Spring Valley Water 101 50
100 Vlgorlt Powder J 75
THE CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Tidal Wave 2 85
250 San Joaquin O & D Co 1 00
100 Caribou 105
200 Northfleld 76
200 Equitable 105
SOO Century Oil Co 65
Street— •
1 Duquesne Oil Co 200 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — '
300 Tidal Wav« 2 85
100 Equitable 1 10
100 Kings County Oil Co 2 00
20 Barker Ranch Oil Co 1 05
120 Stella 50
1 Duqueene Oil Co 100 00
Street—
100 Caribou, b 80 100
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 00
IS tenths Home Oil Co. at $4900 per share.
Street—
1 tenth Home Oil Co. at $4800 per share.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Franclsoo
Stock md Exchange Board yesterdayi
Mornlntr Session.
200 Challenge 221 100 Ophir 74
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 100 Ophir 75
200 Crown Point.... 12j400PotoBl ... 87
100 Gould & Curry. 81 100 Savage 18
100 Halo ft Norcrs. 30!
Afternoon Session.
100 Potosi 37 i 100 Sierra Nevada. 62
200 Hale & Norcrs. SI 400 Overman 16
300 Yellow Jacket.. 21 600 Union Con 84
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
lOfl Best & Belchr. 50 100 Sierra Nevada.. 63
l f >o Con Cal & Va.l 66 300 Union Con 32
4GO C C & Va....l 6"H 100 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Crown Point ... 121 '
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 81 100 Ophir T5
100 Belcher 80 200 Overman 15
100 Belcher 82 500 Potosi 87 Vi
Rno Best & Belchr. 60 200 Sierra Nevada. -54
100 Mexican 24; 200 Yellow Jacket. 21
300 Mexican 25 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Oct. 27-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04iKentuck — 04
Alta 03 04; Lady Wash.... — 02
Andes OS 09 ' Mexican 24 25
Bdcher 31 32 -Occidental 14 16
Best & Belcher. 50 51 Ophir 76 77
Bullion 07 OS (Overman 15 1»
Caledonia 54 — jPotosi 36 3*
Chollar 29 80 1 Savage 18 19
Challenge Con. 22 24, Scorpion 02 —
Confidence 69 —'Peg Belcher ... 01 02
Con Cal & Va.l 65 170 Sierra Nevada. 53 54
Con Imperial .. — OliSUver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 13 14: Standard 385 —
Exchequer 01 02 Bt Louis — 06
Gould & Cnrry. 31 3-1 Syndicate — 06
Hale & Norcrs. 31 32 lUnlon Con 33 34
Julia — 02>Utah 09 10
! Justice 03 04 .Yellow Jacket.. 23 24
Time Ball
Branch Hydrographlc Office, V. 8. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 27, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
O. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, I*. B. N\. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Qeodetlo Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fr rt Point, entrance to Sat*
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2S.
XOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the ilay, the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
flven are In addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then th» number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane rjf
reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 27.
Stmr Progresn, Gilboy, 'Bs hours from Seattle.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 53 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hour?.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 62 hours from
San Dlesro, etc.
Whaling stmr Jeanete, Newth. U days from
Fox Island. .
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. 90 hours from
Departure Bay
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson, 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday, October 27.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend; Ooodall, Perkins * Co.
•Br sh ir> British Isles, Dunbar, .Manchester;
Uirvin & Eyre
SAILED.
Friday, October 27.
Stmr Orizaba, Nicholson. San Pedro.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttiefield, Tacoma.
Stmr Sunol, Liebig, -
Stmr Tillamook, Anfindsen, .
Stmr GiDSy, Leland, Santa Crua.
Br stmr Westminster, Petrle. Honolulu.
Ship C F SarVrent. Haskell, Seattle.
Ship Santa Clara. Lindbridge, Nanalmo.
Ship Blntrara, Larsen, Port Angoles.
Br ship -Beaton Rock. Hughes. Queenstown.
Bktn Northwest, Lund, Port Angeles.
Schr Burharß TTernster, Anflnd<ipn. .
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup, Phelps Landing.
SPOKEN.
Per whaling stmr Jeanette— Oet 25. 260 miles
NW of San Francisco, bark Sea Klnjr, hence
Oct 21. for Puget Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 27. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACO MA— Sailed Oct 26-Br stmr Pak Ling,
for Manila; Br ship Alice A Leigh, for Queens
town.
VMPQUA— SaiIed Oct 24— Schr Lucy, for S*s
Pedro.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr
Navarro, hence Oct 26.
PORT TO WNSEND— SaiIed Oct 27— Bktn
Amelia, fnr Honolulu: bktn Willie R Hume,
for Manila; Br ship Drumlajirig, for Tacoma;
Chil ship Hlndostan, for Port Blakeley.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Oct 27 — Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Oct 23. Oct 25— Schr Emma
Utter, hence Oct 17.
FORT BRAOG-Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco; schr Glendale, for Honolulu.
ÜBAL— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Newsboy, hence
Oct 26.
ROCKPORT— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Scotia,
hence Oct 26; stmr Laguna, hence Oct 23.
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Laguna, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 26 — Stmr Samoa, hno
Oct 25. Oct 27 — Stmr Pomona, hence Oct 26.
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Weeott. for San Fran-
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr South
Coast, for San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for
Eureka; schr Llllebonne, for Eureka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr State of
California, hence Oct 25.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 27— Schr Monterey, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Aroata, hence Oct 25.
SEATTLE—Arrived Oct 27— Br shiD Drum
lanrlg, from Port Townsend; ship Oriental,
from Port Townsend; Jap stmr Rlojun Maru,
from Tacoma; schr Hera and ship America.
Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Cottage City, for Alaska:
stmr Progreso and bktn John Smith, for San
Francisco.
PORT BLAKELET— SaiIed Oct 27— Schr De
fender, for Kailua.
Arrived Oct 27— Chil bark Hlndoetan. from,
Port Townsend; bktn Leslie D, from San Pedro.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Oct 27— Bark Pactolus,
for Nanalmo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Oct 26— Br ship Indore,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 27— Br atmr Cop
tic, hence Sept 29.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived Oct 25— Br bark
Castor, from Tacoma.
COLON— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Finance, for
New York.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct 27— U S stmr Relief,
hence Sept 26; U S stmr Sheridan, hence Sept
30; stmr Tacoma. hence Sept 21.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 27— Stmx Luca
nia, from New York, for Liverpool.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
j^. Steamers leave Broadway
Vjgkj^. wharf, San Francisco.
1 Ks^KyT^x For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
iwuM Oct. 3. 8, IS. 18. 23. 2S; Nov.
|TgE?fKft 2, change at Seattle.
i HmSH^KI For Victoria. Vancouver
IsSisK-SBHiI (B. C), Port Townsend, Se-
! r^^fi WR attle > Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
* cortes and New Wnatcom
** (Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8,
[ 13, 18, 23, 28: Nov. 2, and
' every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattls
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). ! p. m., Oct. 8,
> 11, 16, 26, Si; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota,
Fanta Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San .Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, >
«l m Oct. 8. 7. 11. 15, 19, 23, 27, 81; Nov. 4 and
every fourth day thereafter. . _
For San Dleg-o, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa . Barbara, Port Los
' Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
' Oct. 6, 9, 13. 17, 21. 25, 28; Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter. •
For Ensenada. Mag-dalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hnurt" of sailing-. .
, TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts., .
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 8. &N. go.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DC $ 12 First Class Including Berth
I LHiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
Columbia.... Oct. 20, SO; Nov. 9. 19,29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA....
, Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14. 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
,-■>- E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PABIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Y0rk. ......0ct. 23 New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. 1 St. Louis Nov. 22
St. Paul ..Nov. 8 St. Paul Nov. 29
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. ».
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Oct. 25|Southwark Nov. 15
Nordland Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 22
Friesland. Nov.- 81 Kensington ....Nov. »
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle.- St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full • Information 'regarding freight and
passage apply -to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki - and Shanghai, - and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
HONGKONG- Wednesday, Nov. 1
KIPPON-MARU...... Saturday, Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARU..... Thursday. Dec. 21
• Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage, apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
_ . W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
COMPAOKIE OENERALE THANBATL ANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, - ca _
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <QjftS
Saturday, from November 2, 1899. at -»>"••<' *"■-••
JO a. m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
J; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE, Nov. 30; LA BRETAGNE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre, SCO and upward: 5 per
«nt reduction on round trip. Second-class to
1 Havre, $45; 6 par cent reduction on round trip.
! GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED .STATES
AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pa-
t cific Coast Agents, . 6 Montgomery aye.. Sao .
Francisco. -
®mNHIsI Wednesday. Nov. L,
liSnlL vla Honolulu and
•t^"""^' Auckland for Sydney
jd™ Wednesday. Nov. 1,
J?u/i r> \ at 10 p. m.
•SfiWlMlinc) The S. S. Australia
Q)lcd!!Di!!U^ sails for Honolulu
(?®&W}Sr* Wednesday. Nov. . 15.
IO|iK(Qi«?T at 2p. m. •
' Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Bealand, Australia. India, Suea,
England, etc.; $610 first-class. ■ . -
J. D. SP«tCKELS& BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freioht Office. 327 Market St.
BAY AND B.IVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. .
Steamer "Montlcello." .
MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m. 8-16 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), 7"rt-
days,"l p. 'm. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier N0..!.- Telephone Main 1508. :
FARE .60*
1314
A BIG DEAL IN
SAILING SHIPS
JUST COMPLETED
Flint Si Co. Sell Their
Entire Fieet.
BOUGHT BY LOCAL SYNDICATE
They Have Been Running Between
New York tuid This City, but
San Francisco Will Now
Be Their Home Port.
The highest deal over made in sailing
oh!ps on this coast was consummated yes
terday. A syndicate, headed by -William
£• [ighell. William Babcock. Charles
Boudrow, Edward Kenneld, Pope & Tal
bot, H. F. Allen, H. I* K. Meyer and M.
Blum. ha* purchased the entire fleet of
sailing vessels owned by Flint <%• Co. of
New rdrk. James F. Chapman & Co.
represented Flint & Co. and William E.
ailphc-ll the syndicate, and as Boon a-* a
price was agreed upon 11 did not take
lons' to consummate the deal.
Flint & Co. owned the following vessels,
all of which will now claim San Francisco
as their home port: May Flint. Henry
B. Hyde John McDonald, A. J. Fuller, S.
D. Carlton. Pnctolus, B D. Rice. St.
David St. Francis and St. James. The
money involved hi the deal is said to be
over half ,1 million dollars.
All of the vessels, with the exception of
the May Flint and R. D. Rice, were built
*.♦ c.»-T \fo Tim Vllnt i'!n fnrtnerlv the
W. E. MIGHELL, the New Man aging
Owner of Flint & io.'s Fleet.
British ship Persian Monarch and was
built at Dumbarton, Scotland, while the
Rice was built at Thomastown,- Me. The j
Henry B. Hyde was built in ISS4 and Is |
2449 tons net burden. 287 feet 9 inches long, j
45 feet beam and 20 feet 5 inches deep.
The May Flint is an iron ship of S2SB
tons net burden and was built in ISSO. She !
is :if>o feet 8 Inches long, 42 feet 8 inches |
beam and 27 feet 9 inches deep.
The A. J. Fuller was. built in ISSI and Is
1073 tons nr-t burden. 229 feet 3 inches long,
41 feet 5 inches beam and 17 feet 8 Inches
U^pp.
The John McDonald -was built In 1883
and is 2128 tons net burden, 249 feet 4
Inches long, 43 feet 1 inch beam and 19
feet 9 inches deep.
The S. D. Carlton was built in 1890 and
Is 17SS tons net burden, 240 feet long:. 44
feet .4 inches beam and 25 foet 4 inches
de>'i>.
The Pactolus was built in IS9I and Is
3564 tons net burden, 233 feet 7 Inches long,
41 foet 2 inches beam and 24 feet deep.
The K. D. Rice was built in ISS3 and is \
£52 fVet 1 inch Ion?, 43 feet 7 Inches beam
and 2S feet 7 inches deep.
The St. David is the oldest vessel of
the fleet. She was built In 1877 and is 1476
tons net burden. 213 feet 4 inches long, 40 :
feet 0 inches beam and 17 feet 2 inches
deep. '• v. • . •■". "•::
The St. Francis was built In ISB2 and
Is 1757 tons net burden, 231 feet 4 inches
long, 41 feet S inches beam and 17 feet 7 ]
inches deep, while the St. James was built
in 1883 and is 1453 tons net burden, 21S feet
5 inches long, 41 feet 3 inches beam and 23
feel 7 inches deep. All the vessels are
.in first class trim and nearly- all of them
Dave been in this port within the last two ;
years. The Henry B. Hyde is one of the i
most able wooden ships afloat, and the
May Flint Is almost as good now as the
day she was launched. The ships will
prove a welcome addition to the fleet^
owned on this coast, and their purchase
■will be pood news to shippers who have,
"been seeking in vain for tonnage to carry
their merchandise.
The news of the deal will come as a
surprise to shipping men, as It is only a
few days ago that a circular was re
• ceived stating thai Flint & Co. and Dear
born & Co. had incorporated under the
name of Flint, Dearborn &■ Co. and would
operate their sailing ' vessels from New
York and Philadelphia to Pacific Coast
ports in connection with the four new
steamers of the ; American -Hawaiian
Steamship Company. It was suspected,
however, that a fair offer for the sailing
vessels would not be 'refused, but no one
expected to Bee all ten ships come to San
" Francisco.
%V. E. MiKhell. wtlO will handle the
newly purchased fleet, is known as one
of the ablest managers of vessels in this
port. At the present time he is manag
ing owner of the Carrollton, El well. Gen
eral Fnirehlld, J. B. Brown. Oregon, Ru
fna E. Wood, Pea King, W-aohusett and
other?. The wilna, one of his vessel?.
iv.-.c i irned on Puget Bound a couple of
•weeks ago. There are no better found
• vessels afloat than those managed by
MISCELLANEOUS.
[liriTKK TO MK9. ITXKHAM NO. 4fi,970]
"I had female com-
plaints so bad that it
caused me to have
hysterical hts; have had
as many as nine in one
"Five bottles of
Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound
cured me and it has
been a year since I had
an attack.
rirs. Edna Jackson,
Pearl, La.
Jf ?>Tr-\ r':n!:hnm*R Compound •will cure
such Kvexa cases as this surely it
irmut he a great medicine — is there
any sufferer foolish enough not to
give it a trial ?
JEANETTE HOME RICH WITH
SPOILS FROM THE ARCTIC
THE steam whaler Jeanette arrived from the Arc
tic yesterday, after the most successful cruise of
the season. She left here last January, but dur
ing the interval the crew succeeded in taking
eighteen whales, or a few less than all the rest of
the fleet combined. The eighteen leviathans yielded
34,000 pounds of whalebone, valued at. in round figures,
?■••""'■■""
The Jeanette was docked as quickly as possible and
the cargo unloaded. The whalebone will be shipped Bast
at once, and from New York will go to France. At
Lyons and oth»r French manufacturing centers it will
be made Into threads and joined' with silk will be turned
Into the stiff silk dresses that come to San Francisco
and cost so much money.
Captain Newth of the Jeanette reports the Karluk
with 4, Thrasher 4, Bowhead 5, Mermaid 2, Alaska 1.
William Baylies 2, Belvedere 3 and Alexander 2 whales.
Captain Mckenna in the F.-arless did not catch a whale.
He is going to winter at Herschel Island, while the
Grampus, Balaena and Narwhal will winter at Capo
Bathurst. The Thrasher has lost a half of one of the
blades of her propeller and will be a few days late mak
ing port. The rest of the fleet is now hourly expected.
FraJik Smith, one of the crew of the Jeanette, died in
August last of consumption and was buried at sea.
CRIMSON LETTERS WOULD HAVE TOLD THE TALE
Headed by Jacob Oppenheimer, Convicts in the Incorrigible Ward at San
Quentin Prison Plot and Prepare for Five Weeks to Commit
Murder and Arson and Ultimately to Make Their Escape.
UKDAtTNTED by the failure of!
their conspiracy to garrote
Guard William Barwell and j
leave the story of their escape
from San Quentln Prison written ;
| In letters of blood on the floor of the old ,
j factory building, the desperate convicts I
confined in the incorrigible cells have for j
five weeks been laying new plans to ;
' escape — plans so clever !n formation and
I detail that the prison officials are filled
; with amazement and horror; amazement ■
! at the indefatigable efforts of these dcs- ;
| perate criminals to regain their liberty In
] the face of obstacles generally regarded
!as insuperable, and horror at- the awful
■ mrnage that would have resulted had the
j plot been carried out without a hitch.
Jacob Oppenheimer, the (Tend, who
! stabbed Guard James McDonald in
the Jute mill on May 16 last and inflicted
wounds which almost resulted fatally,
was selected as the Napoleon to lead them
\ forth to freedom, and the fact that Op
' penhelmer rupented of his leadership In
a straitjacket until 6 o'clock last even
j ing was not doo to his own desire or in-
I tentlon. but to the vigilance of Guard J.
( D. Jones, who first came Into prominence
! by serving on the death watch over W.
i H., T. Durrant. For five weeks the run
ning "incnrriKibles" have been at work
perfecting their plans and procuring the
I material necessary for the expected
! break. Last night they took the Initial
: step toward carrying out their awful
: plans.
For more than a month Oppenhclmer
has been Biipplied weekly with three
copies of the Christian Advance and Vol
unteers" Gazette. Before he returned each j
: copy the convict removed the inner sheet, ;
! and In five weeks' time had accumulated
! fifteen of these inner sheets. One of these
was made Into a tube, another into a
1 smaller tub*, which would fit into the
hr^t, and so on until a paper tube eleven i
feet lone had been prepared, the points
: where the sections were joined being
made secure with thread.
About 8 o'clock Thursday evening, while
Guard Jones was in the small room at the ,
rust end of the upper floor of the factory ,
building, about thirty feet away from the
tier of Incorrigible cells— Barwell being;
■ absent at supper — Oppenheimer thrust <
' this paper tube through the wicket in the
door of his cell and lighted it at the gas
! Jet hanging from the celling ten feet
away Jones observed the act Just as the
lighted taper was beins drawn back into
j the cell and slipped quietly up In time to
nee Opponhelmer Ignite his mattress.
'■ I (rawing his revolver, the guard sternly
; commanded Oppenheimer to stamp out
! the fire and para the taper through the
wicket. Seeing that Jones meant what he
RIGHTS OF THE WIFE.
Riverside Conspiracy Case in the Su-
preme Court.
Mrs Eleanor Hart of Riverside County
brought an action fipnlnst her husband,
Elton Hart, and Katherlne A. Church to
compel the cancellation and surrender of
a mortgaKe In the sum of $T.ipi'«O upon the
plaintiff's homestead. The circumstances
of the trouble are peculiar. In 1^94 Hart
took the Church woman to his home and,
according to the complaint, bestowed upon
her the attentions dne only to the wife.
Mrs. Hart charges that while she was
sorely troubled in mind and ill Hart and
the Church woman, by threats and in
timidation, compelled her to sign a note
for SSOOO and secure the payment thereof
by K'vinp a mortgage on the homestead.
In the lower court Mrs. Hart won, but in
the- higher court, to which the oa.«e was
appealed, the judgment was modified. The
Buperior Court sustained the part direct
ing the caii'-ellatlon of the mortgage, on
the ground that the instrument was not
executed Jointly and concurrently by the
husb.-ind and wife. The husband did
Blgn and acknowledge a statement that he
Joined with his wife in incumbering the
property, but not until five months after
she had been induced to sign the mort
gage. This made it Invalid, because it did
not comply with the code. As the com
plaint did not aek for the rescission and
cancellation of the note, which the lower
court directed, this part of the first order
was reversed.
John Satchwell's Will.
The will of John Satchwell, who died on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
Captain Newth confirms the report brought by Cap
tain Bodfish about the mortality among the natives.
When the Jeanette was at Cape Smyth there had been
thirty-eight deaths from a dise ase resembling pneumo
nia. One family, consisting of a father, mother, son,
daughter-in-law and three children, all died of the mal
ady Inside of five days. Nothing can be done to stay th»
ravages of the disease, and as soon as a native Is taken
sick he simply gives up and dies in a few days.
The Ksquimaux at Cape Prince of Wales discovered
gold In large quantities in one of the creeks. They tried
to keep the secret to themselves, but it leaked out and
there was a rush of gold hunters to the place when the
Jeanette was there. Captain Newth also says that he
heard that both placer and quartz mines had been dis
covered in Kotzebue Sound. The whaling bark Ala-ska
is fitted out for carrying passengers, and Captain Cogan
intends stopping at Cape Nome on the way down to
bring down all the miners who want to come home.
The Jeanette Is now at Howard street wharf, but as
soon as she is discharged will go over to Oakland Creek
and lie up for the winter. In the spring she will go
back to the Arctic. This year Captain Newth was first
to the eastward and on the home, run was first to the
westward. To this fact he attributes his good luck, and
next year will try the same tactics.
said, the convict immediately compiled
with the order. Warden Agulrre was sent
for and asked Oppenheimer what he had
done such a thing for.
"Well," was the surly reply, "if I tell
you you will know as much about it as
I do."
The Warden sent Jones for a strait-
Jacket without any loss of time and placed
the intractable criminal in this Instru
ment of torture. At 3 o'clock yesterday
afternoon Oppenhelmer's spirit was
broken sufficiently that he sent for
Aguirre and declared that his craving for
a smoke was more than he could endure
and he had taken that means of securing
It. Ajtulrre laughed and asked Oppen
heimer If he expected to smoke the mat
treßS. Seeing he. was cornered, the man
broke down completely and confessed to
the Warden a tale of Intended murder
and escape so terrible In circumstantial
detnll that even the head of the prison,
with all his dealings with the criminal
class, was dumfounded. After tilling
about taking the inner pages out of the
religious paper and making the tube Op
perihoimer'B tale, was as follows:
"My Intention, according to the plan,
was to set fire to my mattress and pass
the burning tube along to a few others of
i the prisoners, and when the blaze grew
October 22. leaving an estate valued at
$25,000. was filed for probate yesterday.
It bequeaths $400 each to Mrs. Mary Me-
Oilloch and her six children, $200 to An
drew McEwan, $.'>o to Edwin Tyrrell and
$. r .O to Elizabeth Norris, 'a niece. The
residue of the estate Is devised to John
W. Satchwell his son. John G. Glu;,es
and Richard Harrold are named as oxe
cutors.
WHITTIER, COBURN COMPANY,
107 Front St., San Francisco, Cal.
Cohurn, Tevls & Co. have transferred
all their prtnership business and affairs
to Whittler, Coburn & Co., a corpora
tion, -which corporation will hereafter
conduct and carry on the business here
tofore conducted and carried on by the
late firm of Coburn, Tevls & Co., and
we bespeak for our successor the good
will and patronage of all our customers.
Dated October 27th. 1899. COBURN,
TEVIS & CO.
A "Fake" Printer.
The police were notified yesterday by
the secretary' of the Typographical Union
that a man was soliciting money for the
support "f the union. The man Is a fraud,
as the union does not require to solicit
funds. He Is described as about 30 year?
of ape. medium height and has v black
mustache.
You never have a head In the morning from
drinking Jesae Moors' "AA" whiskey. Try It.
, fierce we were to huddle against the doors
! of our cells and yell 'flre,' to get Jones to
! come and unlock the cells In order to save
us from being cooked alive. We felt con
fident that In the flurry and excitement
attending the affair his humane feelings
would cause him to do this. Then we
would have waited till three or four of
the 'boys' were released and fallen upon
him and killed him, or rendered him in
sensible at least. Afterward he would I
have been placed in a cell, the fires ex- ;
tlnguished, tho others released with the j
keys which we knew Jones carried, and j
when Harwell returned it would have j
been an easy matter to put him out of tho
way.
"When It was very dark we would have
slipped nut quietly and waylaid Sergeant
of the Night Watch Ellis and his seven !
men separately and knocked them out
with bludgeons. Securing their clothes
nnd weapons and keys we would have re
leased a few of the most desperate prls
! oners and set flre to one of the buildings
;In the southern part of the yard. When
the flre blazed high and the guards on
; the wall ran around there we would have
instructed the mon last released to rush
; over the west wall, and while the guards
I were shooting at th«m we could have
i easily escaped unnoticed over the north
wall."
Oppenholmer was asked if he did not
1 realize that some of the men going over
the west wall . would be killed. He
laughed ajid said the convicts in the in
' corrigible ward had a club of common
I commiseration and sympathy formed and
didn't care for the rabble of prisoners
anyway.
Oppenhelmer was released from his
straightjaoket last night and with tears in
his eyes said he would make no more at
tempts to escape. He said he had all he
wanted of Aguirro and should have taken
j warning from the case of "Sir" Harry
Cooper and Morroll. All the other convicts
j in the incorrigible ward denied that they
I were concerned in the plan, and as there
was no proof that they were except the
word of Opponheimer they were allowed
to go unpunished.
"Here- is a case," assertod Warden
Agulrre last evening, "where these incor
! rlgll'le follows have tried to escape within
; a fow weeks of the time when two of their
i number were punished .severely for the
j very same thing. Now 'Sir' Harry, Mor
! rell and Oppenheimer have all been quiet-
I ed and will stay that way. With these
restless spirits rendered tractable, we an
ticipate no further trouble In that quarter.
Yet there are people who rail against the
Incorrigible cell system, and would have
such convicts as those permitted to roam
about where their chances of working evil
would be Increased a hundred fold."
Captains Russell and Edgar both be
lieve there will be no more trouble In the
Incorrigible ward for some time to come.
Guard Jones, to whose vigilance Is por-
I haps dup the lives of ton mon, has been
: tlirinkod by tho Warden and by Prison Di
rector Wllkins for his devotion to duty.
HOT SHOT FOR ROBERTS.
Congregationa lists Declare Against
Seating Utah's Congressman-
Elect.
The last official net of the California
State Congregational Association was to
protest against the sen ting of Conpross
nian B. H. Roberta .of Utah In the follow
ing unequivocal terms:
■ Resolved, That the General Association of
Congregational Churches of California do most
heartily" protest against: the seating of Con
gressman-elect Roberts of Utah, on the ground
that such an action would show contempt for
law, . morality and social purity.
s Resolved, • That the registrar send copies of
this resolution to our representatives in Con
sre?s. •'■.-,;'..■/_'•'■: -
The resolution was . introduced by Rev.
B. F. Roberts of North .Berkeley.
Resolutions of thanks were adopted ex
pressing gratitude to the First Congrega
tionalists.for their hospitality and kind
ness.-. '• ' .: _ . -...:,'?,. '. -■
The conference will hold Its next annual
meeting at Eureka* the place chosen by
the nominating committee. 1
Dr. Pariter"* CourJi Cure. One dose will Btop
a cough. Never falls. Try it, 25c. All druggists.*
Soldiers' Library.
Throußh the courtesy of General Shaf
ter. a room on the fourth floor of the
Phelan building has been set aside for the
use of the American Library. The object
of this library is to supply the soldiers in
the Philippines with reading matter. Miss
Low.enberK Is in charge. All books and
papers will be thankfully received.
DARING CHINESE
BURGLAR LOCKED
IN THE TANKS
Ex-Convict Ah Loui
Captured.
POLICE NO LONGER PUZZLED
Taken Into Custody After Making
an Unsuccessful Attempt to En-
ter a Fashionable Resi
dence.
Safely locked In the tanks at the City
Prison is Ah Loui, a desperate Chinaman
whom the police believe is .responsible for
the series of daring burglaries that have
been committed in the Western Addition
during the last few nights. The wily
Mongol was arrested last night by Special
Policeman Dailey and Policeman Whelan,
Just as he was leaving a fashionable resi
dence on California street, where he had
made an unsuccessful attempt to force
the front door open with a jimmy.
Ever since' the series of burglaries that
have puzzled the police were successfully
committed the officers in the western por
tion of the city were given orders to be
especially vigilant and arrest all suspi
cious characters seen hovering about their
beats. Shortly after 8 o'clock last even
ing Special Dailey and Officer VVhelaji no
ticed the Chinaman skulking in the dark
shadows close to the edge of the sidewalk
and they stood across the street and
watched him.
In a few moments Ah Loui disappeared
up the stairs of a residence close by and
remained at the door several minutes.
Then- he came hastily downstairs and
started to run up the street. The officers
chase and soon captured him. When
! placed under arrest the Chinaman became
j ugly and defiant and protested that his
only object In visiting the house was to
sell lottery tickets. As an evidence of
good faith the prisoner reached under his
blouse and drew forth a wad of Chinese
lottery tickets.
Policeman Whelan left Ah Loui in
charge of the special officer and went
back to the residence the Chinaman at
tempted to enter. There he ascertained
that he had not rung the bell but at
tempted to force the door v.-lth a jimmy.
The occupants of the house heard the
sounds and started toward the front door,
thus frightening him off.
The prisoner was taken to the f'ltv
Prison, where he was thoroughly searched
by his captors, assisted by several detec
tives from the upper office. On his per
i son were found a complete set of burg
! lars' tools, including a Jimmy and a skele
ton key of unusually fin^ make. The key
was concealed in the sole of his stocking.
During the searching process one of the
detectives identified Ah Loui as an ex
convict and a clever Chinese crook wno
has given the police considerable trouble
in the past.
SUSPECTED DIAMOND
THIEF IN THE TANKS
Ah Sing, a Chinese Cook, Departs
With Mrs. Carleton Crane's
Gems.
Ah Sing, an alleged diamond thief, who
professes to be a Chinese cook, was ar
rested last night by Detectives Wren and
Dlnan and taken to the City Prison,
where he was placed in the tanks;
Carleton C. Crane, the well-known local
agent for the Vanderbllt lines, had abso
lute faith In Ah Sing's honesty and ability
and last Monday employed the. Chinaman
as a cook and sent him to his country
residence at Verona, near Nlles.
On Wednesday Ah Sing complained of
feeling 111 and he asked permission to
come to the city.
Mrs. Crane granted the desired pprmlp
slon. When dinner time arrived and Ah
Sing did not return, Mrs. Crane became
suspicious and began to search the house
to sf-e if anything was missing. She went
to her Jewel case first and found that six
elegant and costly diamond rings had been
stolen.
The matter was at once reported to
Chief T^ees and he detailed Detectives
Wren and Dlnan to apprehend Ah Sing.
The Chinaman was found hiding In a
Chinese store pn Commercial street, but
the stolen Jewelry was not found on his
person.
GREER HARRISON
PROMISES SPORT
TO OLYMPIANS
Returns Home Again
Fight Hungry.
Under the direction of William Greer
Harison, sportsman and litterateur, ath
letics in this city are promised a Mg
boom. Mr. Harrison has returned from
a trip through the East, during which he
paid particular attention to the features
and arrangements of all the most promi
nent athletic clubs there.
"I want to say," said Mr. Harrison,
when seen yesterday afternoon, "that as
regards appointments and conveniences,
the Olympic is the premier athletic club
of the X : nlted States. I am negotiating
for a grand athletic boxing tournament,
to which the best boxing talent in all
classes, from such prominent organiza
New Store. New Goods.
1146 Market Street.
SPECIALBARGAINS!
CAMELS-HAIR SUITS, tailor-made, value for ftAfl Aft
$30.00, will be offered at OZUi UU
56-INCH LADIES' CLOTH, in black only, value Or ft
for $1.00, will be offered at ' QJu Yard
J. O'BRIEN & CO.,
1146 Market Street,
BET. TAYLOR AND MASON.
Halo's.
good underwear.
we aim at absolute satisfaction in underwear — no end
of care and attention to that end; it is the come back
for more trade we want,
that explains these quali-
ties and these prices. "
ladies' vests.
. ladies' kersey
iw^-S ribbed pure wool
{15-3&* vests, with high
i* j§^ neck and no
\L^f[ s 1 c c v os — good
r -' ■•■■■ jTPikSM^- ■ heavy weight —
! ' ! lir\' / rl^k colors natural,
iw/;£r\i; ; /iSit white, pink and
(1 IMI black, sizes small
VWwW^M ■ and medium, reg-
liSw^l/ ularly sold at $1..
• fiMMsk\ - new price 50c
" '■.* /l\\vi,\\ each.
ladies' extra- quality pure wool
vests, richelieu ribbed, handsomely
finished, high neck .and long sleeves —
pearl buttons, satin ribbon in neck,
colors pink, natural, white and black,
worth $1.25, new price $1.15 each.
ladies' swiss ribbed merino vests,
guaranteed nonshrinkable, good
heavy weight — nicely finished seams,
all covered, white or natural gray,
sizes 4, 5 and 6; new price, $1 each.
cloak department.
IS misses' golf capes, 10 to 18 years, '
with plaid silk-lined hood and cape,
faced with same, finely tailored, color
blue, a $5 cape for $4 each.
24 black cheviot separate skirts,
finely braided and tailored, lined with
best percallne and bound with vel-
veteen, new cut, and perfect fitting,
a $6 value for $5 each.
36 fine imported kersey cloth Jack-
ets; 4 button, double breasted, half
silk lined, finely stitched and tailored,,
color new castor shade, an excellent
.value, $7.50 each.
15 black worsted and homespun
cheviot suits, just received, double-
breasted, six button, tight fitting
Jackets, and silk lined throughout,
new habit back skirt, lined with best
percaline and bound with corduroy,'
a perfect fitting suit and excellent
value, $20 each.
36 black sateen underskirts, made
with deep full flounce and ruffle, in all
sizes, $1.25 each.
17 children's cloaks in red and blue,
all wool, finely made and lined, with
large cape, trimmed with black thl-
bet fur and braid, sizes 2 to 8 years, $4
each.
veilings.
some new 50c veilings, among the
latest arrivals in our veiling depart-
ment, very attractive line at 50c a
yard, comprising
plain and dotted black tuxedo, rus-
slan and brussels net, black tuxedo
with white chenille dots, white tuxedo
with black chenille dots, plain and
dotted chiffons.
tions as the New York. Boston and Chi
cago athletic clubs, and from such other
clubs as may provide the material we
desire, will be represented. This will be
followed by a revival of wrestling, catch
as-catch-can style, on the same lines as
the other.
"The internal changes in the Olympic
Club will be the building of a ball court
and a rearrangement and remodeling of
the bathing facilities. What I particu
larly desire is the building up of the juve
nile and Junior classes, which, have al
ready begun to take a spurt; and the in
creasing in every direction of the personal
comfort of members. In order that every
member shall feel he is getting the full
value of his investment the present board
of directors aspire to give frequent ath
letic exhibitions.
"In regard to the tone of the club, it
has Improved very materially of late, as
the board of directors have determined to
retain in the club only those who can be
have as gentlemen. The increase in dues
caused a number of resignations, but the
gap has been more than filled by the re
turn of old and the election of new
members. Already the classes are very
much enlarged. The salaries of the teach
ers have been Increased and their hours
of labor largely extended. The club is on
the up-grade and every one interested in
the advance of athletics on this coast is
helping It on."
A great part of Mr. Harrison's time in
New York was spent on board the Erin,
as the guest of Sir Thomas Llpton. Of
Sir Thomas he said:
"He is a generous host, affable compan
ion and keen sportsman. One of his many
good qualities is that he never forgets his
friends. Almost the first words he said
when I met him were to inquire after his
old friend, Mr. Pollok of the Palace Hotel,
to whom he desired to be warmly remem
bered."
In company with some of Sir Thomas'
guests. Mr. Harrison viewed the great
naval parade in Dewey's honor. He pro
fessed himself greatly disappointed, as it
did not approach in spectacular effect the
recent one in San Francisco; neither
could the Illuminations, on the night of
the land parade, compare with those
which we provided to welcome the First
Regiment home
Two Days' Festival.
The Toadies' Society of St. Paul's hurch,
corner of Eddy and Gough streets, has a
two days' festival in view. The comple
tion of the parsonage on Eddy street and
the anniversary of Reformation day, the
31st of October, will be celebrated in the
Sunday school rooms of the church on the
afternoon and evening of both Monday
and Tuesday, the Sitfh and 31st of October.
St. Francis Church.
To-morrow (Sunday) the votive mass of
the Holy Redeemer will be solemnly cele
Hale'B.
children's underwear.
misses' and JS^SSk
boys' plain knitted r^rS
vests, pantalets t ' Cl
and drawers — JSf, jfir
natural gray col- JOmt^^\
or, silk bound At %';&%s&.
front and neck, Ar[pfrTJr*6&.
pearl buttons, CT |)f#3r JS3
covered seams — *1 jPaLiLI Jar
half wool heavy TaEiEIiMP -^r
weight, size 18, Jm^-i^e
20c; rise 5c each fltlfcfc*?-'*
size; three-fourths l&nfr'fi'h'f
wool, heavy and fs\mS!4l
soft, size 18, 30c; tira§£sl
rise 5c each size; it'i'lWT
\ pure australian W\ KM
lambs' wool, I«i PPI .'Sr
heavy weight, size «4U Y'li
18, 50c; . rise 5c ' ■ fej \'i
each size. . > . *f II
children's french jfcf VI
ribbed combed "^ ™' " : -
egyptlan cotton vests and pantalets,
heavy weight, very elastic, natural
gray and ecru — nicely finished,
seams all covered; sizes 18 to 34, new
prices, size 18,, 13c; rise. 3c each size.
children's oneita union suits; heavy
weight, 2-3 wool, nonshrinkable,
handsomely finished ; for ages 4 to 14
years, new price $1 a suit. . r^//'-"^.
pillow cases.
600 pillow, cases, of unbleached, good
quality muslin; a lot the manufac-
turer had to dispose of; we bought
them so that we can sell them at less
than the material costs by the yard,
45x36 inches, 8c each.
good towels.
300 dozen huck towels, fine weave,
fringed ends, colored borders; it's a
good towel for hotels, lodging houses
and barbers, but not being a regular
size with us, we shall close them out:
15x31 inches 95c a dozen
trimmed hats reduced.
we have taken forty of our fall hats,
trimmed in the latest designs and col-
orings, that" have been until to-day
six and eight dollar hats, and reduced
them all to one low price $5
children's hats, that were three to
six dollars, have likewise been reduced
to $2 to $4
every hat is the product of skillful
and artistic designing, and in every
way the latest style.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
brated in St. Francis Church, Vallejo
street, at 11 o'clock. An appropriate ser
mon will be preached by the pastor. Rev.
T. Caraher.
6 I^B Eij SIC
;MCO«»ORATtO W ■ ■» W0
Our Saturday's Specials!
GRANULATED Spr c e e el -* SUGAR
......... — . . 21 lbs $1.00
BESTgJSKIX BUTTER 50c
Take advantage. ' Regular 60c square.
CHOICE K52. 8UTTER....... 45c
Regular 66c square. • .
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS.... 3Oc
Guaranteed. Regular 40c dozen.
NEW CROP WALNUTS 15c
Regular 20c lb.
PEARLINE, 3 Mb pkg5...... 25c
Regular 12Ue.
PARIS SUGAR C0RN....... !2^c
From Portland, Me. Regular 15c can.
EAStERN *&:? HAMS . . . - . 13^
. Regular 15c lb.
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA 20c
Regular 25c can.
Country orders filled' and shipped free of
| charge 100 miles. Send for October catalogue.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. Phone S. 292. No Branch Store*.
IT IS BETTER TO GIVE
THAN TO RECEIVE,
especially in a good cause, and that is
why we delight in giving our customers
such, perect laundry work when they
favor us with their patronage. We not
only give them perfect satisfaction in
the color and finish of ; their linen but
we give them twice the wear that 'they
would: get if their garments were done
up by. inferior methods. "No saw-
edges." ' ■'•••''
United States Laundry, Off lea
1004 Market Street.
- ■;• Telephone South 420
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
* »«»■■■> -^-^^. •••in,,,,,,,,,
i Transcontinental tourists and tray- !
1 ' .If^w VJ? 1 ? a " over the United State*
;; i\ h n °c^ O £ the apprecUUon of lha excel " t
PALACE ;♦
| grand:
: :■■■ anf^estTn^he^r ' '
♦ . JOHN c - XIR KPATRicK. Manager. ',',