VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 145.
BRITISH VICTORY AT ELANDS
LAAGTE IS DEARLY BLUGHT
TRANSVAAL TROOPS
DEFEATED, BUT THE
LOSSES ARE HEAVY
Boers Make a Gallant Stand in the Face of a
Raking Fire, and General Jan Kock Falls
Mortally Wounded.
LONDON, Oct. 22. — The War Office this afternoon published the following dispatch to the
Secretary of State for War, the Marquis of Lansdowne, from the general commanding in
Xatal. Sir George Stewart White, regarding the engagement yesterday at Elands Laagte,
between Glencoe and Ladysmith, when the British under General French routed the Transvaal
forces under General Jan H. M. Koek. second in command in the Transvaal, who was himself
wounded and captured and has since died:
"White, commander in Xatal, to the Secretary of State for War— Filed Ladysmith. Octo
oer 22. 10:30 a. m.: In the action at Elands Laagte yesterday the troops engaged were
the following: Cavalry — Fifth Lancers, a squadron of the Fifth I >ragoon Guards, the Imperial
Light Horse and two squadrons of Xatal Carbineers: artillery — Twenty-first Field Batten-, For
ty-second Field Battery and the Xatal Field Batten-; infantry — the Devonshire Regiment, half a
battalion of the Gordon Highlanders and the Manchester Regiment. The whole force was un
der General French, with Colonel lan Hamilton commanding the Infantry.
"I was present in person from 3:30 to 6p. in., but did not assume direction of the fight,
which was left in the hands of General French. Although desultory fighting took place earlier
in the day. while reinforcements, sent out later on ascertaining the enemy's strength, were arriv
ing from Ladysmith. the real action did not begin until 3:30 p. m. At that hour the Boers held a
tion of very exceptional strength, consisting of a rock hill about a mile and a half southeast
of Elands Laagte station.
"At 3:30 p. m. our guns took position on a ridge 4100 yards from the Boers, whose guns at
once opened fire. This fire was generallly well directed, but somewhat high. This time, contrary
to previous experience, their shells burst well.
'"The Imperial Light Horse moved toward the left of the enemy's position and two squad
rons of the Fifth Lancers toward his right. During the artillery duel mounted Boers pushed out
from their left and engaged the Imperial Light Horse. In a few minutes theenemv's gunsceased
firing and our artillery was turned on the mounted Boers who opposed the Imperial Light
The latter at once fell back.
''After the artillery preparations our infantry advanced to the attack, supported by our
guns in the second position. The Devonshires held the enemy in front, while the Manchester
Regiment and the Gordon Highlanders turned his left flank.
"The Boer guns, although often temporarily silenced, invariably opened fire again on the
slightest opportunity and were served with great courage. After severe fighting our infantry car
ition. At 6:30 p. m. this was accomplished, the enemy standing his ground to the
ast with courage and tenacity. The Fifth Lancers and a squadron of the Fifth Dragoon Guards
charged three times through the retreating Boers in the dark, doing considerable execution.
"We captured the Boer camp, with tents, wagons, horses and also two guns. The Boer
3 were very considerable, including a number of wounded, and unwounded prisoners. Among
■rmer was General Jan Kock and Piet Joubert. nephew of Commander General Joubert.
"One goods train, with supplies for Glencoe Camp, and nine English prisoners, were re
covered. Our loss, I regret to say, was heavy. It is roughly computed at 150 killed and
wounded.
"The collection of the wounded over a large area in the dark and the arrangements for
sending them in have thus far occupied our time and attention. A full list will go to you later.
"■( hir wounded and those of the enemy are now arriving by trains. Besides Boers, we
have many Hollanders, Germans and prisoners of mixed nationalities. The behavior of our
troops and of the colonial forces was admirable."
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 22. — The following additional details from official sources are~at
hand regarding the battle yesterday at Elands Laagte:
"The Boers, although driven from their guns, returned again and again whenever an op
portunity occurred. The high ground near the left of the enemy's position was occupied at the
commencement of the action, the British creeping along the crest and making a wide circuit.
"•The infantry attack was directed against the right of the enemy's position, the British
coming quickly into contact with the Boers, who at that point occupied a strong footing, which
GROUP OF OFFICERS OF THE EIGHTEENTH HUSSARS.
Aftr-r tin- batt«le at Oloncoe the Eighteenth Hussars engaged In the pursuit of the Boers. Their return has not yet been officially reported to the War Office •
and there are fears that they may have been led Into a trap and annihilated or captured. * '♦
The San Francisco Call.
CONTINUED ON SECOND PAGE.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1899.
BIRDSEYE VIEW OF THE GLENCOE BATTLEFIELD.
UNBEATEN AND DEFIANT
THE BOERS MEET DEATH
Bravery of Burghers at Talana Hill Ex
cites the Admiration of Their
English Foes.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— A correspondent
In Glencoe Camp, telegraphing on
October 20 and describing the fight-
Ing that followed the first engage
ment In the Boer attack upon the
British position that day, says:
"It was after the battle was renewed,
following the lull that ensued upon the
sharp cannonading of the British which
silenced the guns of the Boers on Smiths
Hill, that our casualties began. The In
dian hospital corps of COOlies under Major
Donegan of the Eighteenth Hussars ran
out, keeping in the rear of the advancing
infantry and artillery that had galloped
from the second position through the
town amid the cheers of the citizens.
"At this point the Boers became erratic.
Our artillery was firing on the hill where
the Boers were stationed in great num
bers, but the return fire did little dam
age. The enemy kept up an incessant
shoottng, but our shrapnel began to tell
its tale, with the result that the Boer
fire visibly slackened. From a ceaseless
rattle the rifle fire dwindled to straggling
shots.
"A corporal of the Dublin Fusil eers was
carried past me to the roar on a stretcher.
Major Davidson of the Irish Fusileers
was shot through both legs and Color
Sergeant Anderson of the Dublin Fusl
lf» rs was brought in wounded in the
right shoulder.
"The artillery in front was shelling the
hill and the Kings Royal Rifles on the
right front were busy with the Maxims,
making the Boers anxious a*bout their
position. Their artillery had been silenced
by the spiendid service of ours.
"Meanwhile a squardon of the Eigh
teenth Hussars and a mounted company
of the Dublin Fusileers were creeping
around on the enemy's left flank, while
another sauadron of the Hussars and a
mounted company of the Kings Royal
Rilles deployed to the right flank at the
cornfields.
"The artillery continued to play on
Smiths Hill with a range of nearly 3000
yards. I'r.rier its cover the Dublin Fusi
leers and the Kings Royal Rifles pressed
forward. It was in the execution of this
maneuver that the casualties to our in
fantry occurred several men being killed
or wounded.
The firing now eased off on our side and
only a solitary shot was returned now and
then. General Synions, taking advantage
of this lull, rode rorward with his staff
in front of the guns, taking cover at the
rear of the plantation, mar the base of
the hill. All this time our Infantry, in
extended formation, had gradually press
ed forward, watching the Boers from the
rear of thu artillery and massing on the
extreme left of the hill.
"I saw three shells in quick succession
cut some to pieces and drive others away.
The Boer fire was becoming hot. but the
first battalion of the Kings Royal Rifles
! and the Irish Fusileers. led ri Bpectlvely
I by Colonel Cunning and Colonel Carlton,
; continued to mount the hill. Gradually
they extended along the ridgo, and at tfl
o'clock, after four and a half hours' of
artillery liritig to screen them, they man
aged to reach a wall, running- parallel
I with the ridge, about 600 yards from the
i summit.
"This position was gained under cover
of some magnificent shooting by our artil
i lerymen, who placed shots at the point
! where the Boers were massed with amaz
: ing accuracy, compelling them to retire.
j But not for long. On again the deter
mined burghers would come, only to be
beaten back asain by the excellent shoot
ing of the Thirteenth and Sixty-ninth
batteries under Major Dawkins and
Major King.
"At 11:45 a. m. the firing had almost
erased and our Infantry were over the
wall In a twinkling and rushing toward
the. plateau at the base of the top or sec
ondary ridge. The defense by the Boers
was most determined, the enemy again
and again pouring a long fusillade fire
into the British ranks, which was hotly
BURGHERS RETURN TO THE
ASSAULT ON GLENCOE
Heavy Firing in Progress Near the Scene
of the Recent Battle of
Talana Hill.
GLENCOE CAMP, Natal, Oct. 22.— Heavy firing
is now in progress to the northwest of this
camp.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 22— A dispatch) has just
I arrived announcing that tr;e Boers are spelling
j Dundee, east of Giencoe, at long range, but tfoat
jthjeir fire is ineffective. The Boers are led by
jCon)n)andant-General Joubert. It is believed trje
railroad between Ladysmith and Giencoe has
been repaired.
It is now definitely known that Giencoe was
dttacKed yesterday by tbe Boer rr)ain northern
column. Our forces are intrenched in a good
position. The situation tr;ere is not yet frully
cleared up.
LONDON, Oct 22.— According to a special
from Giencoe Camp the British cavalry while
pursuing tr;e defeated Boers were engaged by a
strong force of the energy on the north; road.
Firing is now in progress.
returned In well directed volleys by the
stoutly advancing Dublin Fusfleers and
Kings Royal Rifles.
"A large body of Boers, driven from
Smiths Hill, took refuge in a cattle kraal,
intending a crossiire. The Thirteenth
Battery opened tire, however, and poured
in such a hail of bullets as caused them
speedily to shift their position.
"Thus far the enemy had displayed un
doubted courage, perhaps unequaled by
the best European troops. Tiny had
stood up to our scattering artillery fire
with the greatest determination, and
then, on Talana ridge, standing clearly
out on the sky. they still appeared un
beaten and defiant.
"The battle had now raged six and one
half hours, when the Sixty-ninth was or
dered to limber up and advance. The
battery galloped into a new position in
splendid form and was in action at the
front in a moment.
"So effective was the apparent result
of this close range firing that the Thir
teenth Battery was at once ordered up.
and after two rounds from each battery
perfect silence reigned over the enemy's
front, broken only by the whirring of
the Maxims served by the Dublin Fus
ileers, who had secured an excellent posi
tion to the right. During a momentary
cessation the Boers had taken up a posi
tion on a hill to the right of the road
leading to Maima Colliery, but the Thir
teenth Battery soon opened fire on them
and compelled them to retire.
"Meanwhile the two infantry battalions
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
continued to climb up the hill, and at 1:39
p. m., after eight hours of desperate
lighting, the position was carried, ths
Boers having; precipitately evacuated the
hill. Thus what had commenced with a
battle at Dundee ended in a glorious vic
tory for British arms at what must be
known as the battle of Talana Hill.
"Just as the Kings Royal Rifles and
the Dublin Fusiloers gained the hilltop,
the mounted infantry could be seen work
ing around the left flank of the Boer
position and actually getting in their rear
without any attempt on the part of the
enemy to check the movement .while the
bulk of the mounted volunteers, well
hidden in the riantation on the right,
were ready to fal! upon the retreating?
enemy In that direction when the moment
came.
Finally our batteries ceased their
murderous fire and the Infantry charged
up the rocky heights still separating them
from the enemy, and reached the summits
of both peaks of Smith's Hill and of the
Neck between without a check or halt.
It was gallant work on both sides and
scores of men fell within a distance of a
couple hundred yards; but the situa
tion soon became too hot for the Boers,
who broke and fled for their horses,
which they had left at the foot of the
hills on the northeast. There, however,
they were received with a fusillade from
the Hussars, who had stampeded or
captured all the horses.
The enemy swerved in their line of re
treat. Some surrendered there and then;2
GENERAL JAN H. M. KOCK.
This officer, who was second In command of the Boer forces, died of ,
wounds received on Saturday at Elands Laagte.
VICTORIA MOURNS
THE ENGLISH DEAD
LONDON, Oct. 22.— The Secretary of State for War. the Marquis of Lans
■, has received the following message from the Queen dated to-day at
■ il Castle:
"My hi 9 f^r these dreadful losses again to-day. It Is a great
success, but, I fear, very dearly bought. Would you convey my warmest
and heartfelt sympathy with the near relatives of the fallen and wounde 1
and my admiration of the conduct of those they have 1
others made for Hattinspruit. while some
: t'.w.-tr'l Lansmans Drift. All who
■ ere closely pursued by our cavalry
Lti cry.
But It seems pretty clear that when the
; was drawing to a close part
■ ••• Dannhauser contingent.
■ Commandant Erasmus, came up
ground, as well as an attach
from the Free Stat< ■ ontii
made a forced march from the
The chief portion of the )■': •■
troops, however, remained it ap
s, in a Btrong position at Biggars
whenee it will be necessary to dis
lodge them if they should wait for our
k, which, in the circumstanci
■Tight probable.
All the hussars' squadrons, except one,
have returned, and the whereabouts of
that is unknown . so there Is cause for
punishment has been in
:pon the retreating Boers.
BOERS LOST TWELVE GUNS
IN THE GLENCOE FIGHT
NDON, Oct. 22.— The Daily Tele
':. s war correspondent telegraphs as
ws:
Ladysmlth, Friday night— Tw« :%e of the
enemy's guns were taken a"
Their Melinite shells wive a failure, and
few of them burst. The Eighteenth Hus
•• d infantry and bati
pursued the Dying enemy, the hussars
cutting them up, but I regret to say that
the hussars lost a number of men.
Reports brought by the natives allege
the Boers at Elands Laagto are
reating them. Price. I ep-r
put in irons by the enemy,
employed the station dies to cut the
stroyed the telegraph. lie
■ rward with a |
w down the tinu train, !■
• rough. The nan, however,
I, and reached Ladysmitn safely.
Pietermaritzburg, Friday— The line 's
a i. ■<-. ■■ n tired before our
a to Elands Laagte. where they
I and captured Borne cattle, 'tt' which
they breakfasted. It is reported, besides,
that some horses were hit during the
em my was largely reln
•he commander's llh^ und guns.
It was given out to-day that they ait
•ward to attack Ladysmith. T
ird with the lancers i n ■
indre I Boers present were
cl( ared out. There was scarcely any fir
ing.
BARKLEY WEST HAS
BEEN SURRENDERED
CAPE TAW -It Is rumored
this morning that Barkley West,
Northwest Klmberley, has been sur
red to the Boers without tiring a
. c volunteers. It is reported, will be
relieve Kimberley.
The news of General French's victory
■as just been pub
lish^! here, it caused great enthusiasm.
The newspapers were quickly on the
Btreets with special editions and the peo
■ ■ arches In order to get tho
details of th
leli a fennel German officer, who
■was leading a section of the Boers in the
was taken
Dispatches received from the front re
garding the rapture of Elands Laagte
say the British wounded are now being
. to Ladysmlth. Every rare and at
n an- also being given to the Boer
led, who an.- being dispatched down
mtry.
that the British al Mafe-
Ired :r m . land on th • iaro
upon b ■•■•■ patrols who were guam
ing the water works. The burghers re
plied, but the patrols evacuated.
KIMBERLEY YET HOLDS
OUT AGAINST INVADERS
KIMBERLEY, Oct. 20 (by dispatch
rider from Orange River).— This is the
sixth day of Klmberley'a Investment by
the enemy. An armored train went out
found the Boers still in
: Spytfonteln. Their posi
tion is believed to l"- strung.
Two dispatch riders to Mnfrklng— Mr.
Btapleton and .Mr. Harding— were cap
tured by Boers on October ir>.
Assistant Commissioner Scott shot him
self at Selu<\ heartbroken at his Inability
to defend Vryburg. whose inhabitants are
disloyal and treacherous.
More spies have arrived. Two English
men who had been Imprisoned by the
Boers escaped last evening and have Just
;.rriv-d bere.
The local tradesmen are proving their
A touch is enough
for cleanliness. That
is why it lasts so.
loyalty by an agreement to keep down
the price of foodstuffs.
BECHUANALAND NOT
INVADED BY BOERS
LONDON, Oct. 22.— The latest dis
patches received to-day do not lndlciate
any Incursion of Boers as yet into Beehu-
I analand. Along the Orange River every.
j thing seems to be quiet. From Colesburg,
Colony, It is reported that all the
available burghers of the Orange Free
• have been sent north and west.
On the other hand, a messenger from
AJiwaJ north reports that a large body
ocrs Is advancing toward the Orange
I River. Refugees are leaving that
in great numbers daily. The Boers have
mounted a Krupp gmi on a bridge com
manding the most thickly populated part.
Advices from Cape Town say that a
whohlesnme fear of a rising in Basuto
: land prevents the Boers invading Cape
y, and that on the other hand there
I is considerable excitement at Masuru and
other Busuto stations, arising from na
tive apprehensions of Boer attacks.
H appears that colonial news is m some
mysterious way supplied to the Boers,
and that their movements depend largely
upon intelligence communicated through
natives. Disquieting news coitus from
Herschell and other points In Cape Col
ony, where the natives are much ex
cited.
ENGLISHMEN ASSUME
SANGUINE ATTITUDE
LONDON,. Oct. 22.— There Is no longer, I
however, any apprehension of even the j
expected Initial success of the Boers. The j
two victories already gained by the I
British must have completely disillusion- j
laed them of the idea they had gained
through the Majuba affair, and, looking;
to the statements already circulated that ■
President Kruger himself was opposed to j
sending the ultimatum, there is specula
tion In some quarters that the Boers may I
now sue for peace. At least it is con
sidered that all fear? of a Dutch rising
In the British colonies may be set aside.
Much admiration has been excited by the
bravery shown by the Boers.
The Times says: "They are honorable I
foes and well worthy of uur mettle. Their !
sterling qualities ought to do much to ;
facilitate the ultimate pacification of
South Africa. It is now the real end of
the war. We have settled once for all
the Question of supremacy and to banish
er the phantom of an Afrikander ]
nation."
The Dally Xews, on the contrary, says:
"It Is not at all likely that the two victor- I
lea portend a speedy end of the war. The
Boers will fight on, and our army of oc- i
cupation must be hurried forward. The (
appalling loss of officers and men we have :
sustained shows clearly that we have
stiff work before us. The army corps will ;
have ample work to do.
"The second British victory, that at
Elands Laagte. in which the British |
losses, though heavy, were not out of pro
m to its importance, may be re
garded as having completely demoralized
ell laid but ineffectively executed
plans of the Boers. ]n the opinion of mil
itary critics it will tend to bring the war
to a speedy conclusion.
"General White, it is hoped, may have!
able by this time to relieve Major I
Yule at Glencoe, thus enabling him to deal i
with General Jnubert's column as General
Symons and General French have already i
d*ne with the others.
"There is still to be guarded against a
le raid from the Drakenburg range
!'>■ Free State troops or from vryheid
through Zululand. The British plan' will
fore, to a great extent, be still on
the defensive, as Sir George White has .-in
extended front, threatened at many
points, to protect."
FIFTY=THREE BOERS
SLAIN AT MAFEKING
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 22.— A message received from Colonel Baden-Powell,
in command of Ma f eking, dated October 15, says that flfty-three boers wore
killed and a larpe number wounded in the encounter with hiß force.
It is believed that the explosion of dynamite at Mafeking, so cleverly ar
ranged by Colonel Baden-Powell, resulted In a very large loss to the Boers,
so that it Is quite probable that General Cronje will not resume the attack
and will perhaps retire altogether.
LONDqpf. Oct. 22.— The Daily Telegraph publishes the following dis
patch from its special correspondent:
KIMBERLEY (via Hope town), Oct. 23.— The Kimberley Advertiser pub
lishes full details of the fighting at Mafeking on Saturday last, supplied
by its correspondent who rode 200 miles to telegraph it and who narrowly
escaped capture by the Boers. In the course of the story he says the fight
ing was extremely hot. Captain Fitzclarence made an attack on the Boers
while they were retreating from the armored train. The Boers, In spite of
borne slight cover afforded by stunted trees, suffered severely. Later the
Boers were reinforced and reopened fire.
Captain Fitzclarence was now In difficulties and the troop of Lord
Charles Cavendish-Be-ntinok's squadron under Lieutenant Brady, with a
seven-pounder gun, escorted by Troop C of the squadron under Captain
Sar.dford, came up In reserve. The gunners got a hot reception, but with
out loss shifted their position and began shelling the Boers In the bush.
Fitzclarence meantime handled his men grandly. Their volley fire was moat
effective, the Boers gradually drawing off.
The greatest gallantry was displayed by Surgeon Anderson, who dressed
the wounds of the Injured under a hall of bullets. With the greatest dif
ficulty he prevented the wounded rejoining the firing line. Want of cav
alry prevented Colonel Baden-Powell following the retreating Boers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23. 1899.
TRANSVAAL
TROOPS ARE
DEFEATED
Continued from First Paze.
they held resolutely until a flank attack
was made by our troops, who advanced
with great dash, and in spite of heavy
losses carried the main position with a
rush, just as the light was falling.
"The ground traversed by our troops
was rough and stony, and the capture of
the position was a fine feat of arms. The
cavalry lapped well around and Inflicted
severe losses on the enemy.
"It was highly Important to strike a
severe blow, as the Orange Free State
forces are known to be concentrated
northwest of Ladysmlth in considerable
strength. The flank attack was gallantly
delivered by the Manchester Regiment,
the Gordon Highlanders and the Impe
rial Light Horse. The front attack was
done with splendid spirit by the Devon
shire Regiment.
"The wounded are being attended In the
principal church at Ladysmlth, which has
been converted into a hospital."
ROUT OF THE BURGHERS
BECAME A SLAUGHTER
LADTSMITH, Oct. 22.— Realizing that
the first attack on Glencoe'was part of
a general combined attack by three col
umns, and that the situation was still se
rious so long as the Boers held the rail
road at Elands Laagte, severing commun
ication between Ladysmith and Dundee,
Sir George Stewart White on Friday re
solved to give battle with a view of re
capturing Elands Laagte.
On the morning of that date all the
mounted troops here, supported by two
battalions of infantry and two batteries
of artillery, reconnoitered some twelve
miles along the Newcastle road, an open,
rolling country, very suitable for ca% - alry
operations, although the going was heavy
after the recent rains.
On approaching within three miles or
so of the break In tho railway line our
men saw the Boer outposts falling back,
apparently In no great force. We cap
tured four, who had mistaken our men
for Boers until we were too near for thorn
to get away. Then our men returned and,
later Friday night, General White deter
mined to advance in force on Elands
Laagte at an early hour the following
morning. It was imperative that we dis
lodge the Boers from Elands Laagte, as
we had learned that the Orange Free
State burghers were descending from
their positions on the slopes of the Dra
kenburg, from Tintwa and other western
B, to co-operate with those already
posted at Elands Laagte.
At an early hour our forces moved out
by road and rail. It was computed that
there were about 12' X) Boers, with big guns
and Maxims covering their front and oc
cupying a well chosen position at the
base of a hill, some little distance south
■ i Elands I^aagte. On both flanks were
strong kopjes, on which were three big
guns strongly posted and commanding a
wide sweep on all sides, leaving an open
ing for retreat.
A British armored train, supported by
two trainloads of Infantry, immediately
upon approaching the enemy's position,
was shelled by the Boers, Our artilh ry
was at once brought up and drove the
Boers from their guns, making a series
of brilliant dashes Into the valley and up
the successive heights to get nearer the
Boers' main position. Thrice were the
Boer batteries on the way silenced by our
artillery, although the Boers fought with
great pluck and determination, returning
each time our guns moved and raining
shrapnel and Maxim bullets against our
advance.
At 4 o'clock a treniendous artillery duel
was in progress. Two Boer guns, splen
didly placid, were stubbornly fought for
two hours and a quarter, while mounted
i:. era endeavored to come Into contact
with our men on the left and on the right.
Then at 0:15 the Devonshire regiment,
half the Gordon Highlanders, half the
Manchester regiment and the Imperial
Light Horse advanced on the position
and stormed the enemy's front. A bay
onet charge was sounded as the roar of
artillery oh both sides suddenly ceased,
anu our men, the Devonshire leading,
made a superb dash against the inn m
body of the Boers, undaunted by facing
a fearful fire. Twice were they checked
by the terrible fusillade. Once the ad
vance quivered for a moment, but then,
with ringing, roaring cheers, the whole
of our ftirce hurled Itself forward like
an avalanche and swept over the KOPJes,
bayoneting the brkoen enemy in all di
rections. , , . .
The Boers were overwhelmed and as
tounded. They paused, then retreated,
then raised the white flag and surren.l.-r
--ed Two or three hundred broke and ran,
pursued by the Fifth Lancers, who
charged through and through them.
It was quite dark by this time, but the
slaughter must have been greut. The
Gordon Highlanders say the storming of
DarKui Ridge was more child's play com
pared with this attack. The Boer losa
must have been very heavy. The best es
timates place it at certainly over 4")
killed One of the captured Boers told me
that If he had known English Boldlers
could shoot as our men did he would
never have come. Another Boer said he
knew he was fighting for a lost cause.
Yet a third expressed surprise that he
had to shoot at men wearing khaki. He
was terribly dejected. He had been told
to shoot at 'men with red coats and white
collars, and he saw none. His Impression
seemed to be that the men who fought
against him were not Englishmen.
A heavy rain, heavier than any I have
pvor Been, fell Immediately after the bat
tle, making a piteous scene of the battle
lie )'d where many wounded were lying.
The Devonshire regiment captured
three Boer flags. Commandant de
Meelllon of Johannesburg was taken
prisoner. It is reported that Plet Jou
bert, who was wounded and captured,
has succumbed to his wounds. A bugler
boj of the Fifth Lancers, only 14 years
old, shot three Boers with his revolver.
On returning after the fight he was car
ried shoulder-high around the camp.
Everybody testifies to the splendid
fighting and stubborn bravery of the
Boers, but this tribute requires some qual
ification, as I have learned to-day that
HAUNTED BY GHOSTS
OF MEN HE HANGED
Amos Lunt, Formerly Executioner at San
Quentin Prison, Becomes a Maniac.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Oct. 22.— Amos Lunt, the hangman, has become
Insane. The steady hand that adjusted the noose around the neck of William
Henry Theodore Durrant and gave the signal that sent the soul of the
"Criminal of the Century" Into eternity now trembles like an aspen leaf.
The eye once so keen and piercing
wears the hunted, appealing look of a I
man who realizes that he is being I
hounded to his doom. His diseased I
imagination has conjured up the I
specters of those whom he has cxc- I
cuted, the gibbering, mocking ghosts I
of twenty-one blood-stained wretches, I
who flit about him and try to toss I
over his head the nooses that ended I
their existence in the flesh. The ter- I
rible mental suffering of the famous I
executioner is something pitiful to I
witness, and his fellow-guards shake I
their heads sadly as he clubs his rifle I
and strikes at an imaginary foe, say- I
ing softly, "Poor old Amos. Too bad. I
Too bad." Five days ago Lunt first I
began to manifest signs of Insanity, I
and hi 3 condition has steadily grown I
worse until now the man Is a com- I
plete mental wreck. To-day it was I
found necessary to relieve him of the I
post to which he has been assigned I
and place Frank Arbogast In his I
place.
"They are after me, Frank," whis- I
pered the demented hangman. "There I
are several under the bed now. A I
convict is assisting them, and its I
only a matter of time until they get I
me."
During these five days Lunt has refused to light a fire or a lamp In his
room, assigning as his reason that It was against the rules. For several
days he has refused to eat anything at breakfast time, and very little sub
stance has passed his lips during the day. It Is now known that for twelve
nights he has not -closed his eyes In sleep for fear the specters would
wreak their vengeance while he was off his guard. To-day his wife was
sent for at San Rafael, and upon her arrival she held a conference with
Warden Agulrre and Captain Russell, at the conclusion of which It was
decided to send poor Lunt to San Francisco to-morrow to see If Dr. Bar
bette could not hold out hopes for the restoration of his mind. In case the
physician gives a negative verdict Lunt will be taken before the Lunacy
Commission and sent to an asylum for the Insane.
The first time the noted hangman was ever known to lose his nerve was
at the execution of Harvey Allendor. This was Lunt 1 3 thirteenth execu
tion and he explained his nervousness at the time by declaring that. he was
afraid of the proverbially unlucky number. At the execution of John
Miller, the hunchback murderer of A. L. Knott, the barber, Lunt was also
visibly perturbed over the hemorrhage resulting from the rope cutting
MlUpt's jugular vein, seemingly thinking that the accident would be laid
to his lack of foresight. lie vehemently asserted that he had told Warden
Hale five feet was too great a drop for a man in such poor physical condition.
On January 25 of the present year Lunt won $1000 In a lottery, and
absenting himself from his post of duty for more than the allotted time In
celebration of his luck, was discharged by Mr. Hale. He remained without
employment until two weeks ago, when Warden Aguirre again gave him a
position as guard.
In the executions at which Lunt officiated as hangman two men, Han
sen and St. Clalr, were hanged for crimes against the Federal Government,
and he merely supervised proceedings, not placing the rope around their
necks. Not Including these, Allender would be number thirteen on the list,
which Is as follows: Jose Gabriel, executed March 3, 1593; Lee Sing, Febru
ary 2, 1894; P. J. Sullivan. Xprll 20, 1894; Emlle Garcia. June 7. 1896; Anthony
Azoff, June 7, 1K95; P. J. Collins, Juno 7. 1805; W. M. Fredericks, Jum- 26,
1895; Fremont Smith, August 9, 18%; Hans Hansen, October IS, 1895; Thomas
St. Clair, October X 1896; William Young. October 25, ISPS; W. J. Miller,
December 11, W6; ('hum Sing, February 17, 1597; P. C. Kloss, April 23, ! v :>7;
Harvey Allender, December 10, 1597; W. H. T. Durrant. January 7. 1898; Wee
Tung, March 11, 1898; Benjamin L. Hill, April 6. 1898; J. J. Ebanks. May 27,
1898; John Miller, April 14, 1898, and George W. Clark, April 21, 1898.
while the Gordon Highlanders were bring
ing in the wounded last night a sharp
fire was opened upon them by some Boor
parties in hiding. Our losses, consider
ing the despt-rate nature of the engage
ment, are regarded as light.
KAFFIR SHOT ON THE
PORTUGUESE BORDER
LOUREXZO MARQUES. Oct. 21 (<Jo
layed in transmission).— The town Is fairly
overrun with refugees, among whom are
a thousand persons released fiom Trans
vaal jails. Thousands of natives, men
and women, are huddled together, and
there is a large representat'or.of Johan
ii. shurg roughs, Malays and Indi-.ins, who,
speaking different languages, create a
perfect pandemonium. A transport has
been ordered to take the British 'iestltute
away immediately.
The guard at Dalmanutha, on the east
ern line, stopped a number of Kaffirs
who were trying to proceed to Pretoria.
The Kaffirs endeavored to force a passage,
and one of them was shot.
NEWS OF VICTORIES
GRATIFIES LONDONERS
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Despite the fog the
London newsboys found to-day ready sale
for their extras announcing the continued
victories in South Africa. The losses In
killed and wounded were the subject of
pulpit references in all the churches, es
peclally the Catholic churches, owing to
the disasters that befell the Irish Fusi
lcers.
The vicinity of the War Office was
crowded all day by anxious Inquirers for
the latest information. The greatest anx
iety and suspense existed regarding the
losses at Elands Laagte. and as to the
fate of the Hussars, who pursued the
Boers from Glencoe. Among the callers
at the War Office were the Lord Ohief
Justice of Ireland. Sir Peter O'Brien, who
called to Inquire for particulars as to the
Irish troops; Baron MacNaughton, Lord
Stanley, Lord (ieorge Hamilton, Secre
tary of State for India; Mrs. Hammer
sley, whose husband was wounded at
Glencoe; Joseph Chamberlain and Arthur
J. Ball'our, Lady Randolph Churchill and
othrr well-known society women.
Typewritten copies or the reports of
Genera] Sir George Stewart White were
posted on bulletin boards and read to the
crowds amid much enthusiasm, while the
additions to the list of killed and wounded
at Glencoe were received with manifesta
tions of personal bereavement.
The .stream of callers at the War Of
fice showed little diminution as the even
ing advanced. Everybody was gratified
to read the kindly -message from the
Queen and disappointed at the absence
of news from Glencoe. many arguing that
communication must be cut off, as other-
ENGLAND GUARDING
AGAINST INTRIGUES
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— A Journal cablegram from London says: The Daily
Mail says on the highest Information:
"Those who are behind the scenes in European diplomacy at the present
moment are well aware of the intriguing that Is now taking place between
Russia and France, and their intention, if possible, to take advantage of our
difficulties. We very much doubt if these Intrigues have been checked by
the British successes in Natal, on the western border of the Transvaal and
the Free State.
"Our Government, which is perfectly Informed as to what is passing, has
not hesitated to make very swift preparations, naval and otherwise. In view
of what is being enacted behind the scenes in Paris and St. Petersburg,
and we may add, in London, it Is Interesting to remember that the German
Emperor will be in London on November 20, providing that neither he nor
his Government is a party to what is transpiring.
"The French Mediterranean fleet of six battleships and several cruisers
has left for the Levant, where It has not shown itself for two years. This
may or may not be connected with the schemes above noticed. iCothinK
WOtlld be eanior than for the Russian Black Sea fleot to join it v.-hile passing
the Dandanelles.
"On our side the British channel squadron is moving to Gibraltar, and an
ample convoy is being sent with Brltißh transports: The authorities at vari
ous British naval ports have been warned to bo ready to send a strong squad
ron to sea, and several cruisers are now only waiting orders to mobilize. The
militia reserve has been called up and the militia embodied.
"The British nation Is ready."
Amos Lunt.
I wise thf>re would be at least some fur
; ther intelligence as to the condition of i
; General Symons, who, according to an
unconfirmed report, died yesterday of his
wounds.
The British transports Pavonia and
Malta sailed this afternoon from South
ampton with troops of Sir Redvers Bul
ler's army corps. There was a renewal
of the scenes of enthusiasm that marked
the departure of the guards yesterday.
Enormous crowds gathered at the quay
to witness the embarkation. All the
transports that were due to sail last even
ing and this evening from Woolwich and
Tillbury were detained in consequence of
the heavy fog that has enveloped the
London district for forty-eight hours, s. -
rlously impeding the embarkation of
troops. It Is expected that they will leave
to-morrow.
The departure of the last battalions of
the Coldstream Guards from Waterloo
Station to-day was witnessed by great
crowds, although the fog was so dense
that from the sidewalks the troops could
scarcely be seen.
Although the fund opened by the Lord
Mayor, Sir John Moore, for the Trans
vaal refugees lias already reached £135,
--000, his Royal Highness the Prince of
Wales and his Royal Highness the Duke
of Cambridge, chairman of the Patriotic
Relief Fund, have addressed petitions to
the Lord Mayor to open a new fund for
the widows and orphans of heroes of th ■
war. This will be opened to-morrow.
MAY DEMAND THAT
ENGLAND ARBITRATE
NEW YORK, Oct. 22— A Journal special
from Washington says: A hostile dem
onstration against Great Britain In the
diplomatic field Is expected soon. State
Department officials read with Interest
to-day's news from the various European
centers Indicating the restiveness of Ger
many and France and the probability
that mediation by Germany will be asked
by President Kruger after a few fights in
South Africa. It is believed here that in
such an event Germany will have not only
the moral support of France, Russia,
Italy, Belgium and Holland, but the ma
terial aid of those nations In the pre
sentation of a demand for the cessation
of hostilities and the adjustment of the
South African difficulty by arbitration
The United States. It may be authori
tatively stated, will not participate in any
such move.
State Department officials believe this
is the beginning of a general European
crisis, that mediation by European
countries Is not disinterested and that a
friendly offer of mediation by the other
powers contemplates, if not forcible inter
vention, at least a threat of forcible inter
vention.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Uromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
IS. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. Ko.
COWBOYS KILL
FOUR MEXICANS
Bloody Encounter in a
Border Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL PASO, Tex., Oct. 22.— As the result
of a desperate and bloody encounter be
! tween a number of Mexicans and cowboys
i at Naco, Ariz., a small border town, this
i afternoon, four Mexicans are dead and |
■ one seriously wounded. An Amoricar.
I named Ryan was killed almost Instantly.
I his body being riddled with bullets, and a
miner from Bisbee, whose name couid not
' be learned, was shot through the leg and
lis mortally wounded. An American by
' stander was also wounded.
There had been a great Jollification at (
! Naco over the baseball game between the
I local team and the nine representing Bis
bee. A crowd of Mexicans and cowboys j
were celebrating the event at a small can- |
teen on the Mexican side, when an alter- i
cation arose and a figh: started. The Mcx- \
lean guards undertook to arrest the ;
I Americans, who started to cross the line j
'to the States. When me Americans :
i reached the line the Mexicans opened fire, i
The Americans, who were heavily armed, [
returned the lire, and over fifty shots were
exchanged. A train bearing over 500 ex
lonlsta, including many women and
: children, who were In immediate danger, i
! was leaving the station, when several of /
I the cars were struck and the glass in sev
, eral windows shattered. The cowboys on •
j the Arizona side of the line immediately .
; went to the aid of their friends, who were
putting up a desperate resistance on the |
line.
While the fighting was at its height Dan
Burges, an innocent party, attempted to
cross from a store to the train, and was
I shot in the leg. Several of l?is friends
; rushed to his aid, but they were driven
( back under a heavy fire, which whistled
; over the cars, in which were tne scream
j ing women and children. An American
i named Montgomery, who was with Ryan
: when he fell, is still missing. Joe Rhode?,
an American cowboy, was arrested by the
Mexicans and placed in jail. His friends,
learning: of tiie arrest, made an effort to
release him, but the Mexican guards re
pulsed their attacks.
The greatest excitement prevails at
Naco to-night, and an armed posse will
leave for the scene of the bloody en- j
counter. The outlook is exceedingly seri
ous, and further bloodshed Is expected, j
Fifteen Mexican officers and ten cowboys '
were engaged in the fight. To-day's
trouble was the outcome of the recent
daring raid made by Arizona cowboys on
the Naco Mexican jail to release ten of
their companions.
Miles Westward Bound.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— Major General Nel
son A. Miles arrived in Chicago to-nig-ht
on his way to the Pacific Coast on a tour
of Inspection of forts and fortifications in
the West.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I True Gallantry.
Ghirardelli's Cocoa is the
queen of refreshments.
At grocers— 25c ; i-lb 50c.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
( I W** 1^ } f^f^r I
. DR. METERS * CO. have trie largest prac- i
tice and best equipped medical institution ;
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. J
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office !
or by mail. All letters confidential.
731 Market St., San Francisco. |
A visit OR JORDAN'S great i
Imam OF ANATOMY?
1 1 CB l^lUAßSS?ST.let.6^»7th.e.F.Ca^
\ Eg The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 «on<l. \\'eakne«se« or any contracted A
iL flEssS& di«»« p«M>lll«.-l J lro * by me oldest X
9 (tea bp<!a4listcntbeCo*sL Est. 36 year* - © {
4 jW9 DR. JORDAN- PSIVATE DISEASES 4 \
\ Iffin Consultation free and stri.tly privaoe ■, I
9 i ArK I "nieni personally or by letter. A g j
\I if 11 1 PotMve CW. ii, every case undertaken. ~T j
OF II \\> ' Write for Book. PBlLO8«rBY«( i <
\ II i "»H"I*6E. MAItED PRHB. <A f '
A d 11' valuable book for mm) \
7 list. JfOBDAX A CO.. 3051 Market St., 8 F 9 \
' tfilSlil& RUPTURE.
IIIAL'y^JI USK NO MOKE IKON
]tf&P&£b<'X&r Hoops or Steel Springs.
»-™JDHKE^^"^ Rupture retained with ea><?
H'^^SV^ 111 "' comfort and thousands raill-
H //%L cully CURED by DR. PIERCES
%/w v Magnetic Elastic Truss. tiTCall at ■
. office or write for New Pamphlet '
No. 1.
*UaNBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco, j
fIIERCE'SI
W FAVOi^ITF.
M FOR WEAK |
Bad way's
■ Purely vegetable, mild nnd reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ...... ;
For the cure cf all disorders of the Stomach, |
Liver. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, . Female Ir- I
rreulnrltles. Hick Hendache, Biliousness, Con- i
Btlpatlitn, I'ili-. r, :t 1 all derangements of the;
lntetnnl Vl.«oem. Sic a box. At Dntini«ta '
;or by mail . RABWAY & CO.. New York. j
ADVERTISEMiSNTS.
CHAS. KEILUS&CO.
thoroughly good clothes
constructed by skilled
specialists, productions
from most every promi-
nent wholesale tailory.
ever look through oun
stock?
Exclusive
xcltasiv©
, High-grade
iioiiniii^irs)
our prices are really no
higher than elsewhere,
but our styles, fabrics
and fit exceedingly bet-
ter, wo only sell men's
clothing, that's all, did
/ you know that?
132 Kearny St.,
c Southeast corner Sutter.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Thuringia American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 189S, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
■ of the State of California, pursuant to the
i provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
; CAPITAL*
i Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash „.... |2OO. 000 00
ASSETS.
1 Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $228,482 33
Cash in Company's Office 343 -1
Cash in Banks 69,500 38
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,040 60
Premiums In due Course of Collection. 23,617 91
Total Asset* ....$313,886 SI
UABTWTTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 2,325 00
Gross premiums on Fire Rinks running;
one year or lees, $23,219 26; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 11,609 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $3,144 82; reinsur-
ance pro rata 2.740 05
All other liabilities 7,408 35
Total Liabilities ...I 24.114 97
IXCOME.
Net Caen actually received for Fire
premiums S, 708 27
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 2.323 00
Received for surplus, as per entrance
statement 100.000 00
Total Income 1106.123 27
EXPENDITURES.
' Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage $505 64
Paid for Salaries. Fe*s, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc •. 4,072 72
Paid for State, National, and local
' taxes 89 63
All other payments and expenditures.. 12,777 22
I Total Expenditures $17,795 27
i Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $2,356 93
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. | Premiums,
Net amount of Risks
■ written during the
; year $5,559.555 $30,311 U
' Net amount of Risks
i expired during the M.W 1.991 SI
< year | ««.«<• 1.991 SI
i Net amount In force
i December 81, IS3S I 8.124,723 26,464 08
F. O. VOSS, Vice Pres.
J. M. SMITH, Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26tt»
day of January, 1899. p
EDWIN* F. COREY,
Commissioner for California,
VOSS, CONRAD & CO,
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
I b^ IS tJkti tA ■£ bTsM
■ *I&3J lt@Bia»aß
♦••>»••»-•■-»••»»•»••»••«»•••!
I Transcontinental tourists and tray- I
elers from all over the United States I
■how their appreciation of the excel- I
lence of the 1
\ F>AL/\CE Ann
I GRAND !
' by making those hotels their headquar- "
1 ten; while in San Francisco. Fourteen "
i hundred rooms. 900 with baths— largest <<
i and finest In the world. 11
I JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. 
: »-•-»«»»>»>»»»»«»»»■
gkssz VITAUS
,^J&^IPt f^lk THE NEW
rarnr.o.hft^-^g 1 fPcSsBH,.
VITALIS mhm ' *!■ M £}£&<§ EftY
rnOIIUKSTIIEABOTK 30t!iDay. BSiaiiS £!» II ■
ur.-.i i,ts. ltOitiokiyfc«ur«ly, cm T vouMie*s,Lo , Evil
Pr* «nn, W«im g Dinras,, * all effects of M if- a i n , se or neoM**
induer.tfon». Itatorei Lout Vitality, Power & Failing Memory.
n>rrtsnff In*tnitvait<lUoiiMim|itiou. Lures when all others f»il.
, Ins.«t onhavin; 1 1 AI.IS, no other. Can be carried in vest
| pw«tt. By ni.nl *l.UOt»>r Baakara or six for *."».«<♦ with a
■ X (on- or ISrltiad Ilm Jlon»y. Circular Free. Artdre«s
i « Ml MET CIKE CO., B» I UenrUorn St.. Chlcaeo
j Said ia ijia Francisco and Oailaai by the Owl Di *i Co.OUTCOME OF
ELECTIONS
IN DOUBT
In Several States the Situ
ation Is Regarded as
Very Close.
POLLED FOR THE CALL
Republicans Are Making a Strong
Fight in Nebraska and Will Prob-
ably Carry the State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
v YORK, Oct. 22.— The Call has re- I
reports from its correspondents in '
is States In which Important elecf- •
a.re coon to be held, giving the I
present outlook for each of the parties !
Of the main features of the campaign. |
These show that while tt is an off year I
In politics, an unusual interest has been
awakened among voters in most of tne !
States, and in some of them national
are practically the only tuple of
3ion.
Special Interest centers upon Ohio,
President McKinley's home, where the
Bt ha 3 become very bitter. Extra
ixy efforts are being made by each
party, and the managers of each express
>nee they will win. Oddly enough
«ach party In Ohio has been hurt by one
c ■:' its principal speakers. Mr. Bryan's ad
> of free silver has harmed Demo
while Senator Hann.a's speeches on
trusts have caused trouble for the Re
publicans. An uncertain element In Ohio
le the candidacy of Jones. A "golden
rule" independent, but it is believed he
■will draw equally from the- two parties,
and thus not seriously afrVet the result.
Kentucky's three-cornered fight for
Governor has left the Stat«> In doubt to
lt is believed by many that Mr.
i's trip through the State In behalf
of Goebel, the regular Democratic candi
date, has simply widened the breach be
tween the Goebelitea and the bolting
who are supporting Brown.
Republicans hope to win through the
rittic split, while the regulars sai
nt really helps them by
bringing out tho vote.
viand Is another State in which the
•.■ras to be in doubt. Republi
greatly encouraged by the
: jrt from the Gold Demo
and now cluim success for their
d that the Legislature will
mocratlc.
In Virginia the contest Is for the Legis
i the issue is th© election of
- acs Senators by the people.
rats will carry the Legislature and
a majority of members will undoubtedly
for the re-election of for
'<>r.
Whatever chances the Democrats had
of winning In Pennsylvania have probably
!ost by the withdrawal of the Re
in candidate for Superor Judge,
st whom opposition had been con
ted. Massachusetts politicians are
ng chiefly on the size of the Re
. majority. Republicans will be
Bed with anything a I 00 ma
and the Democrats will be satisfied
in keep tho figures below 40,000.
party is declaring It will win in lowa,
Inn the Republicans feel entirely safe for
nor and the Leginlature.
At the beginning of the campaign there
- to the effect of
"lmperlalism"on the foreign-born voters.
Republicans say this Issue has
to the Democrats.
■Lite the contrary.
:, made the issue by
■ 3i ■ N raska, where the
a are working earnestly to
The Puslonlsts base
> largely on the de
tnan voters, who are de
iidly in opposition to the
y. Indications are that
111 make substantial gains
not carry the State.
MEXICANS REFUSE TO
SURRENDER A PRISONER
He Is Accused of Having Murdered
an American Woman in Texas
Six Months Ago.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 22.— Leonardo Gon
zales, a Mexican who is under indictment
In Brewster County, Texas, for the mur
der of Ada M. Lauva, a highly respected
American woman living at Alexandria,
that county, Is still In jail at Ciudad Por
flrio Diaz, Mexico, awaiting extradition.
The horrible crime was committed over
six months ago, and the murderer fled to
Mexico, where he was arrested. Governor
Sayres at once made application to Gov
ernor Cardenas of the state of Cuchlla,
Mexico, for the fugitive's extradition.
Governor Cardenas referred the matter
to Judge Ahuarez of the Mexican Federal
District Court a.t Ciudad Portirio Diaz.
Advices were received here to-day that
Judgrt Ahuarez has advised Governor Car
denas not to grant the request of Gov
ernor Sayres for the extradition of the
prisoner, "the grounds for this remarkable
action being that Gonzales is a Mexican
citizen and that no sworn affidavit has
been made by a physician as to the im
mediate cause of the murdered woman's
dfath. The evidence of Gonzales'
guilt is of a positive character and
such an affidavit as is now de-
F.ired by the Mexican authorities was
lint deemed necessary by the Texas au
tnoritlos. The case will be appealed to
the State Department of Mexico. The
law-abiding element of the Rio Grande
border aro very much aroused over the
prospect of Goi tales escaping punishment
for h!s heinous crime, and the result of
the case will have an important effect on
the perpetration of crime and disorder
along the Mexican border.
LIEUTENANT GRUBBS
KILLED ON NEGROS
MANILA, Oct. 23— & a. Advices have
been received here stating that a battle
lias occurred between rebels and a force
of Americans In the Island of Negros,
where the natives had given Indications
of accepting American rule. In the fight
Lieutenant Hayden Grubbs of the Sixth
Infantry was among the Americans
kilk-d. General Otis has- refused to re
ceive the latest Filipino commission.
Lieutenant Grubbs was only 26 years of
age. ll* was* a Kentuckian and gradu
ated at the head of his class at West
Point. He served with distinction in
Cuba and was lieutenant colonel of Colo
nel Duncan Hood's lmmunes.'
Nil. A. Oct. 23.— Lieutenant Fergu
son of the Thirty-sixth Infantry and
twenty men, while scouting yesterday,
had two fights with Insurgents near
Labao. Six of ;h<* enemy were killed and
eight captured with ten rifles. The Amer
icans suffered no loss.
FUNERAL OF MRS. REA.
Borrowing Friendß Follow the Body
to Its Last Resting Place.
GTLROY. Oct. 22.— The funeral of Mrs.
Mary Ann Rf-a. wife of Hon. Thomas Rea
and mother of Jarm-s \v., (Jeorge E. and
Carrie Ron, Mrs. i.ouls Umpe of San
Jose, Mrs. Clara Hanna of Berkeley and
;sirs. Adda Strange of San Francisco, took
this afternoon. The services were
by Rev. J. B. Needham of the
Mptnodlst Episcopal Church South A
choir composed of .urs. D. J. Riley Miss
Lulu and Fannio Moore
and La. J. Jones rendered appropriate
liymns. The floral pi^cos were many and
I iful. and came from friends and rel
tuives all over tho State.
The pallbearers were E. H. Fanner, W.
R. Pyle. S. T. Moore. Henry Heeker
George Dunlap, George W^ntz, S. J. May.
yock and H. D. Van Scha^k. A special
took the San Jose nnd San Fran
. friends home to-night.
New York's Registration.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.-The registration
In Greater New York has been comDletad
Tho total registration was *76,717,
PLANNED TO STEAL
A BRITISH CANNON
Novel Test of Courage Imposed on
Applicants for Membership in
the Harvard Dickey.
BOSTON, Oct. 22.— The Harvard dickey recently conceived a scheme
that luckily failed, for on its success no end of fussing would have ensued
between Kngland and the United States. Sickness of two of the members
selected reduced the daring hand and the proposed plan was abandoned.
Tourists who visit Quebec are shown an ancient cannon within the historic
citadel. It was captured by the British from the Americans at Bunker Hill.
A traveling dickey chanced to look upon it and thought of the next initiation.
He was one of the committee- of arrangements and conceived the scheme of
capturing the cannon and placing it at the feet of John Harvard.
The lot fell to certain young bloods who had applied for membership, but
not until they had planted that cannon at the feet of John Harvard could
they hope to enjoy membership. An ingenious plan was hit upon to conceal
the warlike proportions of the cannon and transform them into that of a dummy
man. A suit of clothes was to be taken to robe the Iron form and the Har
vard men were simply to have a Jolly tussle with the dummy chum if the
occasion demanded. When once the !ron-stuffed dummy was over the para
pei It was to be placed in a box labeled geological specimens for Harvard
Museum and rushed with railway speed to its destination.
MUCH SUFFERING
AT CAPE HOME
Food Scarce and Fever
Breaks Out.
Special Dispatch lo The Call.
NOME, Alaska. Oct. 5 (via Seattle, Oct.
22 I. —The mines are all closed down for
the winter and there Is no work to be
had. Typhoid fever is showing itself and
the hospital is now crowded with 250 un
fortunates. There have been five deaths
so far and several more are expected to
die. Lindblom, owner of tho best mines
here, is very low with the fever and may
die.
There Is a great building boom now on
and fully 800 houses are being put up.
Lot Jumping has taken the place of claim
Jumping. The fuel and provision supply
now here is not sufficient to last one
month and unless coal, provisions and
lumber are brought in soon there will be
a stampede.
Tho revenue cutter Bear brought in the
news of a rich strike about 200 miles from
here along the coast to the northwest,
near Cape York, and as a consequence
there has been a small stampede to that
point. Another stampede to Cape Prince
of Wales has commenced. A party came
in from there with $4000 in dust and
claim that gold is as plentiful there as it
is at Nome. It Ms believed here that Cape
Prince of "Wales will prove rich. Two
steam schooners left here yesterday
loaded with prospectors.
MORE SURGEONS FOR
THE NAVY NEEDED
Recommendations Made by Surgeon
General Van Reypen in His
Annual Report.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— The strongest
recommendation in the annual report of
Surgeon General Van Reypen. just made
public, is that relating to an increase in
the medical corps of the navy. He points
out rl;at while there h;i« been a t-
Lse in the enlisted force of the navy
for the past two years, while the ma
rine corps has been swelled by the addi
tion of 3000 men, there has been no suita
ble provision made for a corresponding |
increase in the medical corps, which is i
charged with the cafe of the health of
these men. Every Burgeon who is nut
Hi k is said to be on duty, and the de
partment has been unable to supply sur-
I for recruiting and other duties.
Therefore the surgeon general recom
mends that thr corps be increased five
surgeons and twenty assistant surgeons,
and that five volunteer surgeons who
1 in the war and are now in ser
vice l>e transferred to the regular mils
and the agp limitation be removed In th«#i*
eases. There are eighteen of these men
and in some cases they are over 30 years
of age. It is also earnestly urged that
the naval assistant surgeons be placed on
*n equality with those of the army In
pay and rank. At present the army can
! get all of the medical service it nee-ds,
| while the navy can get scarcely any sur-
I geons to serve.
There are now four vacancies in the
rank of assistant Burgeon and there will
Vie eight more during the year, and the
hope is expressed that the corps will not
be allowed to die out from lack of re
cruits, which must follow unless the in
ducements are equal to those offered in
the army at least. The surgeon general
calls attention to the fact that of tho
i eighty-four casualties during tho war
1 with Spain only seventeen have resulted
i in pension applications so far, a most
I noteworthy fact in view of the report that
eighteen of the casualties resulted fa
tally.
ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE
REPLIES TO FUNSTON
Answers tha Charge That Friars Are"
Responsible for the Philip
pine Rebellion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22— A special to the
World from Washington says: The at
tiu-k by General Frederick Funston, in a
recent speech, on. the Catholic church In
the Philippines, has caused much indig-
I nation in Catholic circles here. Arch
bishop Chapelle, the delegate apostolic to
the islands, declared to-day that General
Funston's charge that the friars were re
sposible for rebellion was not borne out
by facts.
"The religious orders,'" he said, "have
been In Luzon for more than 300 years.
If during this time they have acquired
: much property and attained great urom-
I lnenco in national affairs. It must be re
membered that they have also brougfit
religion and culture to the people."
Monrjignor Chapelle will reply formally
to General Funston and Is now preparing J
his statement. He asserts that Luzon has i
less illiteracy per capita than Massa
chusetts.
The apostolic delegate to the United j
| States, Monsignor Martlnelli, is also deep
| ly incensed at the declarations of General
j fhjnston.
"The Augustlnians have been In the
Philippines since 1539," he said to-day,
"and have faithfully worked for the cause
of religion and civilization. Many have
lost their lives in thia work. Their deeds
are matters of history. To call this re
bellion the wnrk of friars is to place false
! construction on plain fact."
DIAZ HAS NO OPPOSITION
: Will in All Probability Be Be-elected
President of Mexico.
MONTEREY, Mex., Oct. 22. — Public
mas=s meetings are being held throughout
Mexico by the supporters of General Por
firo Diaz, Indorsing his wise administra
tion of affairs and urging his nomination
and re-election to the Presidency of the
republic. There has been some talk of
General Bernardo Reyes, Governor of the
State of Nuevo Leon, becoming a candi
date for President, but It is now positive
ly known that President Diaz will have
no opposition, and that all talk of Gen
eral Reyes' candidacy was unauthorized.
PEAR BLIGHT APPEARS,
New Pest Discovered for Which No
Remedy Is Known.
WOODLAND, Oct. 22. — The County
Board of Horticulture met yesterday and
formulated a report to be sent to the
State board. Mr. Anderson reported that
a pest called the "pear blight" had ap
peared among the pear orchards of his
district and he has not been able to find
any remedy for the same as yet. Some
of the almond orchards alone: Putah
Creefc ar« ■ufferipf root-fraot. -^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1899,
BOARD ISSUES
MANY DIPLOMAS
Committees Appointed
for Ensuing Term.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 22. -A meeting of
the State Board of Education was held
yesterday, at which new committees were
appointed and teachers' diplomas granted.
Charges of unprofessional conduct were
preferred against a teacher from Siskiyou
County by the name of Barber and the
charges were referred to the proper com
mittee without action.
The following committees were appoint
ed: Credentials— Black, Van Liew and Me-
Naughton. Crediting universities and col
leges—Brown, Van Liew and Kirk. Griev
ances and charges — Pierce, Burk and Kirk.
Normal schools in other States— Van
Liew, Wheeler, McNaii'-hton and Kirk.
The following diplomas were granted:
I^ife Diplomas, High School Grade — Sedalis
Cubbison. Luther G. Brown, Emily Caryl
Clark, Ellen Electa Grannis, Edward L..
Hutcblßon (.special, attention), Ohio© B. Jones
(81>eclal attention), C. 1. D. Moore, H. F. Pln
nell, J. A. Rice, G. 8. Trowbridge, Frederick
William Wright. William A. Wilson.
' Life Diplomas, Grammar Grade— Nellie M.
Braynard. Jeannette Smalley Bryan. Sophie
Hoggs, Amanda Laughlin Bailey, Min
nie I. Barrow, D. 8. Buterbaugh,
Rose A. Beckwittl, Hat tie R. Balrd,
Josephine Bootes, Arthuhr G. Balaam,
Margarette M. Ourran, T. F. Cranston, Jessie
Sinclair rollings, Marlon Chldester, Margaret
E. Cavanagh, Sarah S. Coons, W. F. Cothran,
Mrs. Mary B. Cheatham, Emily D. Oobßon,
Mrs Emma E. Cole A. Kate Collins, Mary
A. Davis, Mary Aloys Daly, Julia A. Dahl
j gren, Klttio E. Dexter, Theresa E. Derham,
Mary L.. Downey, Armilda Doughty, Lena M.
Danls, Joey Denton, Llllle A. Dailey. R. Doug
las. Edith C. Ebert, I'aullne M. Eilers, Emma
V. Elliot. Dora E. Ellerhorst. Ada J. Flyun,
Ida M. Fisher, Harriet B. Foye, Katlierlne C.
Fay, Jeanette May Fl»k, Isabel Garlinghouse,
Myra E. (Jiles, Florence Galloway, Olga Goeh
ringer. Alice 13. Cartlln, Bertha Groth, Nellie
S. Gray, Ellen C. Guinea, Mary Hastings, Net
tle M. Hojjley, Augusta HlidebrHnt, Kate A.
j Hamilton, Addle L. Hughes, Mrs. Cordelia J.
Hammer, P. C. HufTaker, Fannie C. Humph
| rev, Emma A. Hugh«s, A. H. Hosmer,
i Harriet E. Isblster, Mollle B. Johnson. Minnie
j Jamison, W. J. King, Philip 11. Kri.;k. A. C.
Klnyon, Miss Franc, R Knight, Bertha J. ■
' Laugenour, Robert Loosemoro, Elizabeth E.
i Lukens, Carrie J. Lang, W. 11. Myers, Agnes
B. Mellne, Mrs. Emma E. Mitchell, E. H.
Mosher, E. L. Mitchell, Minnie U Markay, j
I Mary S. McKlbben, Lizzie A. McKenzie Susan
i McGorey. Mary C McKlnney, Ida W. McKln
i ney, May McKee, Edith H. Nlcholi Mm;
-; ni» Neeblt, Ella Northrop, Rena B. Ott, Eliza
! hPth B. Oliver. Kate Polsley, L. Belle l'ry.
! Mary W. Patrick. Mrs. Clara M. Partridge,
Elizabeth Rogers. Lily E. Rasmusson. H. Liz
z!rt P. Ross. Sadie Robinson, Edna Ann Rich, j
f Frances M. Rhodes, Anna M. Richardson, G.
1 R. Ritchie, Anna Reid, Jessie F. Rubottom. !
Mrs Dots I>. Seaman, Ella Slayback, B. Ethel j
| Spencer, Mary S. Seehorn, Sue Spurlook,
Eva M. Btorer, Amy Whatmore Sweet, D,
E. Stanton, Addle B. Tangemann. Mary Eva
Thomas, Margaret Thomas, Clara Walter,
Thomas A. Warm. Katherine K. Wlnn, Wil
liam L. Worth. E. B. Wartnoth. Martha B.
Winter, Adelaide C. Spafford Woods, Nell la
! C. Woods.
j Life Diplomas of the New Issue (in lieu of
I old diplomas)— Olive F. Bonstell, Llna M.
i Brooks, Clara J. Bigelow, Joseph L. Chltten
den, Anne B. Campbell. Retta O. Counsll, Ruth
i G. Campbell, Josephine C. Evans, Mary El
liot, Kate FaJlon, Martha S. Galloway, Fanny
■ Hare, Savanna Handy. Annie Cella Herndon,
I James L. Hadley, Leslie Jones, Alice H. La
• land?, Emily V. Lindberp. Julia McDonaJd,
! Hannah Phillips. Virginia E. Smith, Mrs. An
i nic Stlnchfield.
Duplicate Life Diplomas — Emma Grofton,
original granted December 27, 1S90; Charles L.
K::nl«, original granted I)Hcenili«"r 26, IS79 —
High School. Superintendent Instructed to send
certificate of Issuance; Miss M. V. Graham,
i original granted December 31, 1*87; Annie E.
' Green original granted , 1892; Retta G.
Council, original granted January 4, 1897.
Educational Diplomas, Grammar Grade —
' Mary F. Anderson, Anna Amefibury. Ida S. Agr
• geler, Mrs. J. T. Anderson, Laura G. Burley,
• David William Brown. Annie Irene Bagley,
Bessie H. Baldwin, Ben F. Ballard, Georgia
Byer, Evalyn A. Cain. Mrs. Ida Crew, Caro
lyn E. Collins, Vlvlenne Crlse, Alice Carroll,
Mabel L. Drennan, Perclval Dolman, Agnes E.
Daniels, Emily S. Dahlgren, Josephine Dow
ney, Katie Donahue. Alice A. de
'. Long, Jessie Donaldson, Orac* E
; Eaton. J. D. Elder. Ellen J. Poley. Alice M.
: Fountain, Emma A. Farnham, Grace Fleck,
Anna Gilbert, Henrietta L. Goodwin, Maude
Gray, Charlotte H. Getchell, Mrs. L. C. Gay,
(Jortnide Hlgglns, Anita Hlgelns. Isadora M
Holland. Blanche M. Hall. Jos.-phln* Harris.
Martha Hosmpr, Julia M. Kinscn-. Mabel r.
Kinney. Charles J. Luttrell, Ellr.abeth Lor
. entzen, EfOe Marshall, J. E. Meadows. Tina K.
Myers, Lillle Magray, Francs Motca'lf, Adele
Meyer, Jennie M. Miller, Laura K. Mullen
, Daniel D. McCray. Man' E. McDerby, Kate
McGregor. A. TV. McKenzie. Katherlne'Nevins,
■ Mary E. Neylan. Fannie C. O'Bannon, Emma
J. Peacock. Louise Pandola, Teresa M. Philips
i Lillian Plunkett. Hattle Proctor, Charles c!
! Putnam. Effle Reeve, Mrs. Eugenia Smith
; Edith Sprague, Mary E. Sterne, H. C. Swain'
j Estelle M. Tyson Emily L. Travis, H. P.
Thomas, Blanche. Thatcher, Flora Van Allen
j William C. Wallace, Ida Wa!t»nsplel, Stella
1 Wurburton, Anna li. Yntes. Arthur James
I Z'umwalt (duplicate). R. 8. Zumwalt.
BRYAN TO MAKE A
TOWN-TO-TOWN CANVASS
Campaign Throughout the State of
Nebraska Will Be Very Excit
ing in Consequence.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Oct. 22. -Beginning
Tuesday morning next W. J. Bryan will
make the most elaborate county by
i county and town by town canvass he has
| ever made in Nebraska, not excepting
I the year he ran for President. On a
special train ho will travel over nearly
every line of railroad in the State and will
! make over 100 speeches, concluding at
, Lincoln on the Saturday before election
, when he will be assisted by ex-Governor
. Altgeld. The Republican committee has
also secured some of the best-known cam
paigners in the country, and the canvass
for the two remaining weeks will be as
exciting as that of a Presidential year.
m
New Bishopric.
AGUAS CALIENTES, Mex., Oct. 22.— 1t
Is officially announced that a new Bish
opric, which will embrace the State of
Aquas Calientes and part of the State of
Jalisco, is to be created November 1. The
ceremonies will be conducted by Monsie
nor Averadl. It is not known who will be
Bishop of the new see.
Highbinder War.
CHICO. Oct. 22. -There is war among
the highbinders In Chinatown here, as a
result of which this evening one of the
Celestials received a dangerous Btab in
the breast and two others are locked in
Jail charged with assault with a deadly
weapon. There is much excitement
among the residents of Chinatown and
more trouble is expected.
Rainfall at Meridian.
MERIDIAN, Oct. 22.— rainfall for
the storm here was 1.&7 inohes; Xor the
mootk 2ffi Inches, I ■-- - ' -» — hZ£ ._;*
DEATH FOR
ASSAILANTS
OF WOMEN
Otis Asks for Permission to
Execute Two Negro
Soldiers.
THEIR FATE DECREED
Crimes Against Morality in the
Philippines to Be Quickly-
Punished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Oct. 22.— Ma1l advices from
Manila via Hongkong give details of the
court-martialing of the two negro Ameri
can soldiers now under sentence of death,
having been convicted by court-martial
of assaulting native Filipino women near
Manila. The names of the soldiers con
cerned are not given. A third negro
soldier was on trial four weeks ago for
the same offense, with prospects of his
speedy conviction. General Otis had
cabled to the War Department at Wash
ington asking for permission to execute
the convicted soldiers at once. He hau
not yet received reply, and In the mean
time the convicted men were being closely
guarded.
These two mm attacked three Filipino
women. Their first crime was peculiarly
atrocious, the victim being a woman 60
years of age. The officers were at first
very loath to believe her story, but at the
trial a complete chain of evidence was
established to prove the guilt of her as
sailants. Their other victims were two
young girls living in the suburbs of
Manila.
As American soldiers are supposed to
strictly guard life, property and public
morals, the natives of Manila havo
been very free to allow their women to
go among the soldier camps in the city's
suburbs. In this instance two maidens
had gone out toward the American camps
when the two negros seized them. A
great outcry followed the public an
nouncement of the crime, and no time or
energy was lost by army officials in bring
ing the guilty ones to trial. It Is to give
both the soldiers and the Filipinos an
object lesson in speedy American Justice
In affairs of this sort that General Otis
desires to make nn example of the con
victed men at the earliest opportunity.
Army officers at Manila feel that the
respect for Americans will be greatly
diminished if such crimes are not visited
with tlm severest penalties and without
delay.
Six weeks ago news was received here
that Private Dittenhoffer, whose home is
at Vancouver, Wash., had been convicted
of a similar crime and sentenced to death.
! As he is only 21 years old and enjoyed a
good reputation at home, Senator Foster
took his ca.ie up personally with Presi
dent McKinley, who had the War De
partment cable General Otis to suspend
sentence until the papers in the case
j could be received and reviewed.
OFFICER KILLED AND
TWO MEN WOUNDED
MANILA, Oct. 2J-8.-50 a. m.-An Ameri
can officer ■was killed and two men
wounded by the Filipinos In an attack on
a launch with General Lawton's expedi
tion in the Rio Chiquita, near San Isidro.
The rebels fired volleys from the shore.
General Otis has replied to the three
Insurgent oiHcers who entered Angeles
last Friday with a request, made through
General Mac Arthur, for permission for a
Filipino commission, headed by a Filipino
major general, to visit General Otis in
order to discuss peace terms and to ar
range for the delivery of more American
prisoners, that the desired Interview can
not be granted, because the suggested
propositions of the Filipinos are vague,
indefinite and unmllitary, and because the
Americans must continue to decline to re
ceive any reiir^spntative of the so-called
Filipino Glvernment.
PROMOTIONS FOR
SUCCESSFUL OFFICERS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. — Brigra/ner
General John C. Bates, United States
Volunteers and colonel of Second In
fantry, regular army, has been appointed
major general of volunteers to fill an
original vacancy caused by the increase
in the enlisted force.
Major General 11. W. Lawton, United
States Volunteers and colonel inspector
of the generals department, regular army,
has been appointed brigadier general of
the regular axniy, vice Burke, retired.
Brigadier General Frederick Funston,
United States Volunteers, will be retained
as brigadier general of volunteers, to fill
an original vacancy caused by an increase
in the enlisted forces.
These important military appointments
have been decided upon. General Funston
has already received notice of his in
tended reappointment and has accepted.
He will receive orders to-morrow direct
ing him to report to Major General Otis
for assignment to a brigade command.
His retention in the service has been
made possible by the increase In the num
ber of enlisted men. the law allowing a
brigadier general for each 4000 men.
There are at present twenty-two brig
adier generals including General Funston,
and as the present force comprises about
96,000 men, the President still has the ap
pointment of two additional brigade com
manders. Generals Lawton and Bates will
receive notice of their promotion within a
few days. The appointment of Brigadier
General Bates to be major general, like
that of Funston's, Is made possible by
the Increase In the enlisted force, one
major general being allowed to each
12.000 men. There are now only seven
major generals to 96.000 men, thus leaving
one vacancy.
General Bates Is at present In the
Philippines. He has b^en In several im
portant engagements there and has con
ducted successfully diplomatic relations
with the Sulu chiefs. He has a good Civil
War record and served with distinction
at Santiago and Porto Rico during the
Investors
Investigate
Everything pertaining to our
business is open for your inspec-
tion. Nothing pleases us more than
inquiries from cautious and con-
servative speculators. Our largest
transactions have been with care-
ful and intelligent people.
Contra Costa
Oil Property.
If small investor? would read the
report of the Fuel Committee of
the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association they would buy stock
now while it's $5 per share.
We are down 900 feet and should
strike oil in ten days. Every J6
share will bo worth $50 then. The
report and illustrated prospectus
for the afiklng.
Board meets October 23.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
Rooms 322-323 PARROTT BUILD-
ING. BAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Agents— O'ROUßKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
MOUNTS TO THE TOP
OF POPOCATEPETL
Miss Dorothy Bowmao of Cali
fornia Asceods to t^e Vol
cano's Crater.
CITY OF MEXICO, Oct. 22.— Miss Dorothy Bowman, a young lady of
California who is visiting Mexico, has arrived here from a climb to the very
summit of Popocatepetl volcano. It is claimed by Mexican guides living at
the base of the volcano that Miss Bowman is the first woman to ascend to
the summit overlooking the crater, although a number have returned from
the volcano asserting that they had reached Its top.
The actual ascent of the volcano begins at Tlalemacus, a Btation situ
ated about half way up the mountain, just below the perpetual snow line.
Miss Bowman made the ascent from Tlalemacus to the summit In six and
one-half hours. She planted the American and Mexican flags on the summit.
The arenoid which she carried registered the altitude at 18,460 feet. The
daring young climber experienced the greatest fatigue upon reaching the
summit, but was tenderly cared for by the guides and made the descent
without accident.
Spanish war. He Is considered one of
the best administrative officers In the
service. He is well known as a military
tactician, having served on various boards
for revision of army regulations and
tactics. He is the son of President Lin
coin's Postmaster General and is a per
sonal friend of President McKinley.
General Lawton's appointment as a
brigadier general in the regular army has
been generally expected. It is to be given
as a reward for his irallant service in the
Santiago campaign as well as his splendid
work In the Philippines. His appointment
at the present time makes him a possible
commanding general of the army after
tho retirement of General Miles. General
Mac Arthur is booked for a brigadier gen
eralship to become vacant by the retire
ment of General Anderson in January
next
MAJOR GUY HOWARD
KILLED IN ACTION
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 22.— A special ca
ble was received here to-day announcing
the death in the Philippines on Saturday
of Major Guy Howard, son of General
O. O. Howard. The cablegram, dated
Saturday, was received by Judge J. M.
Woolworth, father-in-law of Major How
ard, and read as follows:
"Guy Howard killed in action to-day."
Major Howard was well known In
Omaha, being' on his father's staff when,
tho latter was stationed here. He was
married in this city fifteen years ago to
Miss Woolworth and the nuptials were
a notable society function. Mrs. Howard
resides here With her three children.
FORTY-FIFTH ON
ITS WAY TO MANILA
ST. PAUL,, Oct. 22.-The Forty-flfth
Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Dorst com
manding, left this city to-day for San
Francisco under orders for the Philip
pines. After the baggage had been
hauled from Fort Snelling downtown to
the Omaha railroad the men were loaded
into thirty special trolley cars at the fort
and brought through the city to the
train, which was reached during the
morning. Two companies of this regi
ment at Vancouver Barracks will join
the rest of the command at San Fran
cisco. The train carrying the regiment
from here wag in five sections and will
be taken through in quick time, reach
ing San Francisco Thursday.
Violated Quarantine Law,
WOODLAND, Oct. 22.-Dr. C. H. Ble
mer. State veterinarian, yesterday came
over from Sacramento and consulted Dis
trlct Attorney Bush in regard to the ac
tion of J. A. Ilarby in violating the State
quarantine regulations by driving cattle
ba»'k and forth between Solano and Yolo
counties. He swore to three complaints
and the warrants of arrest are now in
the Sheriffs hands.
■g) vT j4 •lafi or ar fnr
I I^^M y° ur overcoat. 1
99 fi A ! ; H overcoat this winter why
H ;; ill ill '& jt that you can> and not
wl ife^llJ i^H wait or the big rains to
H come ' wnen an overcoat
H P^illffli I Sir is an absolute necessity? g
S 111 1 I i ill can have an earl y P ick
t'Jj jSSfmBT from our line of cheviots,
'$ Warn §PI coverts, kerseys, oxfords,
lM fill? Mill meltons and vicunas from Si
P'^ M 'ff 1111 1 $12.50 to $25.00. g
te Hi I ill 1 1 Every one is a "Year-
W : Win illill good" overcoat, and we
i c 'd klti |]gj^^ repair it that long free.
II Boys 9 Reefer Suits. g
g ! Here's a clothing value that is an exceptional value. Mtl
Km We have several Fine Reefer Suits, only in sizes 3 to 6 years. , §&
I ■"-'* They have been sold tor 53.25, 53-50, 53-75. >4-oo and $4.50 a suit. Bs|)
» Patterns are brown and gray mixtures neatly trimmed with »||j
m soutache. Now, having only small sizs, we will sell the suits ' Wi
beginning this morning for .
j $2.10 a suit. 1
Og Remember, for boys from 3 to 6 only. |||
1 f^) S.N.WQOD BCO (ss) - I
tyf \*m£/ -7 IS MARK EX 5T >^tO^ @
Ms.}  Out-of-town orders filled — write us. v
MURDER DONE
BY TWO ROBBERS
Wound Storekeeper and
Kill Policeman.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
ATCHTSON, Kans., Oct. 22.— Two rob
bers last night shot and killed one man
and wounded another in a store at Doni
phan, which they later robbed. To-day
they ambushed, shot and killed a police
man and wounded another man, both
members of a posse In pursuit of them.
To-night the robbers are surrounded six
miles north of Atchison and an attempt
to arrest them will be made at daylight.
The dead:
JOHN BROWN, Doniphan.
ROBERT DICKERSON, Atchison.
Wounded— Charles Kuchs, Doniphan;
•Limes Hays, Atchison.
The robbers entered the store of Kuchs*
at Doniphan at 8 o'clock last night and
at the point of revolvers ordered a num
ber of men present to hold up their hands.
The order was obeyed quickly, and one
of the robbers started for the money
drawer. Kuchs and Brown, son of the
postmaster at Doniphan, made a move
ment to resist. Two pistols in the hands
of the robbers cracked instantly. Brown
fell dead where he stood and Kuchs
winced from a wound in his arm. This
was the signal to flee, and the store was
cleared in a wink, while the robbers hur
riedly emptied the till and made off.
A party made up of Atchison and Doni
phan men, all heavily armed, started out
this morning in search of the robbers.
Late* this afternoon, six miles north of
Atchison, they came upon the robbers un
awares, the latter firing upon them from
ambush. Robert Dickerson, an Atchison
police officer, was shot and killed at the
first volley, and before a successful rally
could be made by* the pursuers, James
Hays fell with a bullet in his arm.
The robbers were hidden from view and
the posse, at a disadvantage in the grow
ing darkness, were compelled to withdraw
after firing a few ineffectual shots. The
robbers had duplicated their work of the
night before and again escaped unhurt.
To-night they are hiding behind a bar
ricade of logs, with the posse keeping a
respectful distance. At daybreak a de
termined effort will be made to capture
the robbers.
They are surrounded and It will be im
possible for them to escape. News of the
killing of Officer Dickerson caused intense
excitement here. He was a man of dar
ing and well known. To-ntght a special
train, fairly loaded with armed men, left
Atchison for tl)e scene.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
HEBENBAUM
<«-& Co.«*
♦ 222.224 SUTTER STREET f
4- ■ . . ' 4-
-- 4-
t Our different departments are X
4. always intensely active. During +
I 4 the twenty-six years we have been 4-
I 4 in business in this city we have 4-
j4- never deviated from first principles *♦"
+ —you know them— pure qualities "*"
I T and low prices. It's the best and t
■ + strongest combination ever formu- I
j4. lated— and so rare. 4.
4-. ■ . X
i SPECIAL REDUCTIONS 1
4- Monday— Tuesday —Wednesday >,
i 4 First "special" sale of the world's 4-
j4. famous ' ' CROWN PERFUMERY 4-
a CO. 8 Perfumes of 171 New Bond St., a
„ , London.
„ ,
-""^ax Crabapple Blossoms X
:: only 65c per bot X
4, : tmftr^ i' ; The only original 4.
4- if V .' . and .genuine and 14 4.
4- »?£^Ezsr-^. other odors. In I^4-oz. 4.
4- /jjjjffiararA bottles. Value $1. 4-
X [Jliil! Toilet Waters, X
X m ipF 50c per bot X
X l»Sl~ZJ - Of the Cr °wn Per- "*"
„ fumery Co., London.
<;" Coffee -oriental- 2 lbs 55c X
_' A perfect blend, roasted and ground X
T fresh every hour on our premises. T
t OHVe Oil "Santa Ana" 75C &0t I
4- Purest California; enjoys largest sale 4-
.4. of any oil on the market. 4"
1 Brush Door Mats X
4 13^x2t 15V4x234 18x30 19x3J 4
I 4 Reg. 6Oc OOe »1.15 1.35 4.
i 4. Now 450 75c 00c I*l. 4.
X Sweet Cider 40c gallon X
4 • Pure Apple. Reg. 50c. 4-
X Figs "New Ib 15c 4
4 NgS tal." ID lOC >
4- Reg. 20c lb. 10-Ib box $1.25 4-
X Malt Whisky -Acm.. 75c bot X
4- Not an Intoxicating beverage. A +
.4. pure medicinal article. Reg. Sac. .4.
XW. H. Mcßrayer $1 15 bot +
T^ Made in ISS6. The highest standard l"
4- of all. Gallon, $4.50. 4"
4- Bourbon Whiskies. Reg. $1.50. Gal- 4-
4. lon $6. .4,
I X Puree de Foies 6ras 20c X
14. Just the thing for sandwiches. Reg- X
; 4. ular 25c. T
X Cigars, •■>-., Amor- x
4- Highest grade Key West; in all sizes. 4
4- 4-
-44-44-M-4 4 4- 4- 4 4 4- 4-4- 4- 4- 44»M~f 4-4-
NOTICE!
Taxes Dae Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT.
: STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11. 1899.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
8668 of .the Political Code, notice is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1899.
to-wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company. Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Paclflo Railroad Company.
i Southern California Motor Road Company
Ban Francisco and North Paclflo Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company,
North Paclflo Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Oauge Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-Californla-Oregon Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company.
I Alameda and San Joaquln Railroad Company,
! Gualala River Railroad Company, California
| and Nevada Railroad Company, Sierra Railway
Company of California. Sierra Valley Railway
Company. San Francisco and San Mateo Elec- '
trio Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
! property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless so paid on
or before the last Monday In April next, at
6 o'clock p. m., an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday In January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at th*
Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will b* added
to the amount thereof.
■. P. COLOAN, State Controller.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
FRANKFORT AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commisslonar of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of , capital stock, paid up in
cash .$BOO.OOO 00
ASSETS. ■ ~~
Cash market value of all stocks and '
bonds owned by Company $305,024 S3
Cash in banks 54.365 75
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and loans 1,38190
Premiums in due course of collection.. 4,655 35
Total assets ...$366.*27 39
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense $545 00
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less; re-Insurance 60 per cent 7,210 01
Total liabilities -. 18.055 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums •.... $7,780 30
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds stocks, loans, and from other
- sources .*. 5,203 54
Total Income $12.983 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (Including
losses of previous years) $79 30
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage :... 1,817 61
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,703 35
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 616 81
All other payments and expenditures.. 7,271 01
Total expenditures $13.598 70
F. O. VOSS. Vice President.
JNO. M. SMITH. Asst. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 1899.
EDWIN F. COREY.
Commissioner for California In New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
34
MONDAY OCTOBER 23, 1890.
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Propriety.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU., S. F
Telephone Main 186t.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 8t«v«n«on Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
t-inßle Copies, B cents.
Termi by Mall, Including Postace:
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call), one year f6.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call). 6 month* 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). I months .... 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ttSo
SUNDAY CALL One Year .' 1 50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 - 00
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscriptions.
6ampl« copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Forcifta Advertising*, M»rquott© Building,
Chicago,
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squat*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE »
I»ERRY LUKINS dR 29 Trlbuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS 6TANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great NcTtiw™ B^rtl
•Vcroont Hcuim; Auultorlum Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. II Unto* Bquar«j
Murray Hill Kctol.
Washington <n. C.i office Wellington Hotel
•I. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:?0 o'clock,. 300 Hayes street, open untl!
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock.. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK-
Cm! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22 ' Market
meet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock IO<MI
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Tweaty
sccond and Kentucky streets, opan until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
"Vaudeville."
rnia— "A Breach of Promise."
A M Ik White E t
:.a Belle Helene."
IT — "Use Three Musketeer? "
• . -nspirators."
■ •-!? every wrtcrnoon and
Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Centra ■■■ >ms performances.
AUCTION SALES.
.>. October 23. at 10 o'clock.
at 14J.5 Franklin street.
lay, nt 11 o'clock. Horses, at corner
■
ay, at 11 o'clock. Horses, etc., at 1015
n Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, October 24. at 12
STILL EXPANDING
SEVERAL weeks ago it was pointed out that
was so active that it had got ahead of
ply of cash, and new it appears that
y • cad of the supply of cars. From all
country comes the same complaint of lack j
: oduce and merchandise. At Chl
l there were thirty miles of cars tied up
veek, while here at home the supply is
under the demand. As for ocean carriers, they
n scarce iur some time, so much so that San
Francisco merchants have been unable to fill all their
lers.
In spite of this adverse condition the trade of the
try increases apace. Returns of export trade do
as yet reflect the effect of recent advances in
lit rates and show the movement of merchandise
September to have been the best re
d for that month, being 22 per cent larger than
1 5.6 per cent larger than September
For the nine months our exports ex
->.• of 1898 by 4 per cent, a maintenance of
.-. hich gain would indicate a total export for the
ndar year of 1899 of 5 1 .300,000,000, which total,
however, may be still further exceeded if the freight
situal yes.
Meanwhile the great staples continue to exhibit
marl . th, and a number of lines show ad-
The final outbreak of war in
th Africa has produced no appreciable effect on
ral business, as it had been discounted. British
vever, will tend to ease off wheat
and money more or less, especially as England needs
the Transvaal gold to replenish her depleted supply.
• ■ if the first British victory on Fri
day strengthened the London stock market materially
and eve;. I a firmer tone in New York, as
n by increased foreign buying of our securities.
The bank clearings of the country reflect the immense
volume of trade, the gain last week being 48 per cent
ever the same week in 1898, Omaha being the only
■ city to exhibit a falling off. The failures
for the week were 145, against 221 for the same week
■ j ear.
Hut in spite of this exhibit of trade expansion
! the enormous buying movement
may slacken off before long. Already purchasing
Yen checked in some lines, either because prices
have risen too high to suit buyers, or because the
ng of the past year has at last fully
■■' ■■■! the demand. The majority of lines, how
ever, still report a steady expansion. The feverish
; iron and steel is shown by the gain of 122
per cent in the Pittsburg bank clearings. The minor
Is, however, are now dull, and copper and tin
have broken. There have been large speculative
purchases of wool, those at the three principal mar
ket <; last week amounting to 11,293.000 pounds,
twice the consumption.
1 >v tins coast general conditions could hardly be
better. Early and copious rains have brightened an
atmosphere which certainly was not gloonry before.
From all over the State come reports of an active
and for goods, easy collections, fine prices for
• commodities and, of course, a scarcity of cars.
There are no complaints from any quarter, and the
croaker his apparently ceased, to exist in the land.
All the situation needs is a moderate advance in wheat
to make it about as perfect as a commercial situa
tion can be. The year ißog will go down into
.iocal agricultural history as one of the very best on
record, and we shall be doubly fortunate if 1900 turns
out as well, as it promises now to do.
ther appointee of the Dan Burns Board of
Ith lias distinguished himself at" the Receiving
; i ospital. This time the police authorities are the ac
rs. They claim that the brutal inaction of "Dr."
Fred Starr was directly responsible for the death of
Mr?. Pauline Hornech.
The art centers of the old world will soon be stirred
eir very depths as a result of the present activity
in California. A great many things are being done
in oil.
PACIFIC COAST INTERESTS.
AS the movement started by the Traffic Associa
tion to bring about the appointment of a rep
resentative of the Pacific Coast to the Inter
state Commerce Commission is designed for the
benefit of all the interests of the coast, it follows there
is no point of the issue over which there can be any
reasonable antagonisms. It is a movement in which
all the forces of the States of this section of the
Union can unitje and work in harmony.
So great is the solidarity of the Pacific Coast in
terests in the contest with Chicago and St. Louis in
the fixing of freight rates, that not even the railroad
which so frequently opposes itself to the welfare of
California can find any ground for antagonizing the
movement. Kates fixed to protect the commerce and
the industries of the coast would not be unjust nor
unprofitable to the railroads. It is as easy to adjust
them in a manner fair to the coast as to fix them ac
cording to the schemes of the big cities of the Missis
sippi Valley. Between the contending claims the
railroads can at least be impartial, and it is even prob
able that if a comprehensive view be taken of the
question the railway magnates may see it will be of
advantage to them to build up the business of the
State and the coast generally rather than to weaken it
in the interests of other sections.
As the maintenance and extension of the trade of
the coast do nqt entail any loss upon the railroads
that carry the goods that are handled in the trade,
neither would the appointment of a Pacific Coast rep
resentative on the Interstate Commerce Commission
imply any antagonism to the welfare of the trans
portation companies. It would, of course, be objec
tionable to have a rank demagogue on the commis
sion using his official power to harass the roads, just
as it would be objectionable to have in the office a
rank railroad tool, using his official power to support
extortionate rates or unfair discriminations. It is not
at all likely, however, that either a demagogue or a cor
poration attorney will be recommended for the place
or would receive the appointment ii recommended.
The movement has been started in behalf of no par
ticular individual, and it is certain the promoters of
it will not give support to any man who is unworthy
of it either by defect of personal character or by rea
son of his affiliations.
We have then an issue on which for once all the in
fluential forces of the coast can be united. It is a
matter which concerns the welfare of every city west
of the mountains and every class of people, Wash
n, Oregon and California stand side by side in
this emergency. Merchants and farmers have a
common cause. It is moreover a movement ani
mated by good motives and seeking only justice. It
is right .that this section of the Union should have a
representative on the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion, it is right that the commercial interests of our
cities should be duly considered in every question of
rates that affects them.
The Supreme Court of Massachusetts has decided
that a wife can suffer no pecuniary loss in the aliena
tion of her husband's affections. There must be a
great many gold bricks among the husbands of the
Bay State.
There has never been, perhaps, in the political his
tory of San Francisco a time as now, when the
"present incumbent" was so fiercely and numerously
abroad in the land.
THE KAISER'S AMBITION.
I /OAIPER WILLIAM has once more made one
r\ of those speeches by which he reveals an am
* bition to pursue a much more enterprising
course than he has been able to undertake, and once
more he repeats his favorite dogma: The Kaiser is
the Government, and it is the duty of the German
people to obey and to trust the sovereign ordained
by heaven to rule over them. x
The occasion of the new declaration of imperial
policy was the launching of the warship Kaiser Karl
der Grosse at Hamburg. The Emperor reminded
his audience that he had long desired to increase the
naval strength of the empire, but had been baffled by
the opposition parties among the people. He then
went on to say: "If that class of reinforcements had
not been refused me during the first eight years of
my reign, refused despite my Urgent requests and
admonitions, refused with scorn and even mockery,
how different matters would have been now. We
should be abe to push our thriving trade and com
merce over the seas."
The significance of the words cannot be mistaken.
Had the Kaiser been in command of a stronger navy
he would have ventured more than he has ventured.
In what direction his enterprises would have been
pushed no intimation is given, but the world is aware
that he desires to promote German commerce in
China, in Syria, in Africa and among islands of the
Pacific. In every effort he has come into conflict
with some other of the great powers of the earth.
In China and in Syria he has had to confront both
Russia and Great Britain, and, while those nations
have not been united against him, neither has either
of them consented to support his plans. He once in
a notable letter to President Kruger gave evidence
of a willingness to support the Transvaal In the con
test with Great Britain, but by the swift gathering of
the flying squadron ready for war the British gave
him reason to pause, and his African schemes- were
baffled. He has been equally unlucky in his ventures
among the islands of the Pacific, for the United
States have stayed his hand in Samoa and have fore
stalled any designs he may have had on the Philip
pines.
It is under such circumstances the Kaiser informs
his people that condition? would be widely different
had the Reichstag Riven him the strong navy he de
sires. He would then, he says, have been able to
push German commerce, which means, of course, he
would have been willing to enter upon war for im
perial aggrandizement had lie been strong enough to
win.
It goes without saying the speech will be noted
by foreign nations as well as by the Germans. Great
Britain involved in a war in South Africa with the
stubborn Boers will find a new reason for calling out
her reserves and making rendy for any emergency
that may happen. The Kniser hns . by no nirnn?
abandoned his ambitions. On the contrary, he deems
the time frwornble to press them once more on his
people. He invokes them to abandon government by
party. "The face of the world." he says, "has changed
greatly during the last few years. What formerly
required cmturies is now accomplished in a few
months. The task of Kaiser and Government has
consequently grown beyond measure and a solution
will only be possible when the German people re
nounce party division. Standing in serried ranks be
hind the Kaiser, proud of their great fatherland and
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1899.
conscious of their real worth, the Germans must
watch the development of foreign states. They must
make sacrifices for their position as a world power,
and, abandoning party spirij, they must stand united
behind their Princes and Emperor."
The speech gives notice that William is not willing
that the United States, Russia and Great Britain
shall be the only world powers. It is his intention
that Germany shall be a partner in the spoils.
THE ALASKAN BOUNDARY.
WITH the formal acceptance by Great Britain
of the proposition of Secretary Hay for the
temporary adjustment of the Alaskan boun
dary line, the possibility of any vexatious conflicts
among the miners and other settlers along the dis
puted border has been removed. The provisional
line stands until the discussionover the boundary is
finally setted by diplomacy after a thorough study of
the whole subject. It is in fact probable the tem
porary line will be confirmed and made permanent,
and that the old dispute will no longer be a cause of
friction between ourselves and Canada.
W r hile there was never any likelihood that war
would grow out of the controversy, there was risk of
serious complications so long as the two govern
ments could not agree upon the line at which the
sovereignty of the one stopped and the other began.
The discovery of gold in the Porcupine district
within the disputed zone added to the apprehensions
of the statesmen of both nations and undoubtedly
did much to hasten an agreement upon the modus
vivendi which has now gone into effect.
There is another cause of gratification over the set
tlement of the boundary dispute. It is well known
that the boundary has been the stumbling block in
the way of the Joint High Commission appointed to
arrange a settlement of all matters in dispute between
the United States and Canada. Now that it is out of
the way the commission can resume its sessions and
proceed to the consideration of the issues that re
main. It will moreover have now a bright prospect
of solving all the problems before it and thus render
ing a great service to both nations.
The American people have every reason to be satis
fied with the line agreed upon. In the final revision
it is said in the reports from Washington that the
temporary boundary on the west by the Dalton trail
is placed twenty-two and a quarter miles above Pyra
mid Harbor, which is regarded under the treaty aa
tfdewater mark, so the Canadians are not allowed to
reach any point on the Lynn Canal. Moreover, there
is no permission given for a free port or even for the
fiee transfer across American territory of Canadian
goods, except of miners' belongings. These matters
may figure later, when it comes to a permanent
boundary line, but they are not touched upon in this
modus. The line on the Chilkat River is twenty-two
and a quarter statute miles from the head of naviga
tion on Chilkat Inlet of Lynn Canal, and on the
Klehini River twelve miles farther inland, and the
whole valley of the Porcupine is included within the
American lines. As to White and Chilkoot passes,
the line is fixed at the summit, or watershed, being
the points which for some time past have been ob
served by the customs authorities of the two coun
tries.
The line it will be seen retains for Alaska all that
our Government has claimed. It is not a compro
mise boundary, and Canada does not get even tem
porary possession of a port on Lynn Canal. Secre
tary Hay has once more proven his fitness for the high
office he holds and given reason for a sanguine ex
pectation that he will yet be able to bring all our dis
putes with Canada to a satisfactory conclusion.
CHANCES FOR INVESTMENT.
/"* OMMENTING upon the changes which have
I been wrought in the industrial conditions of
the Eastern States by the development and ex
tension of the "trust" system of managing indus
tries, the New York Post says: '^t is an extraordi
nary fact that while everybody says that the coun
try is prosperous there are a good many places in
which manufacturing has flourished where men are
being thrown out of work and the local outlook for
the future is discouraging." After citing several
cases of the kind, it adds:
"In some of the smaller places which have experi
enced similar adversity the action of a trust is respon
sible. In other cases the result is due to the same
primary cause, even if there is no trust in the industry
j affected — the fact that the aggregation of capital in
large places and its superior efficiency there have ren
dered it impossible for the manufacturer in the small
town longer to carry on his business profitably."
How far that statement may be true of the Eastern
States we have no means of knowing, but the Post
is in error when it asserts that similar conditions pre
'■ vail all over the Union. It says:
"A business man from a city east of tha Mississippi
who was going to San Francisco was asked by three
or four friends to look around and see if there was an
opening for them to invest some spare capital in a
promising industry— sls,ooo to $25,000 apiece. They
could not discover a good opening at home, and
thought that probably conditions must be better on
the Pacific Coast. The investigator brought back a
most digcouraging report. In California, as easj; of
the Rockies, the tendency is strong toward the doing
of business by great aggregations of capital, and a
sum which once seemed quite large enough to estab
lish a new industry seems now too small and weak
for consideration."
It would be interesting to know in what part of
California the investigations of that expert were made
and what kind of investments he was looking fo^.
It is safe to say there is not a county in California
where investments of $15,000 to $25,000 in some kind
of manufacturing enterprise could not be profitably
made, if the man who undertakes the factory under
stands his business. There are all kinds of openings
in the State for business men with a moderate amount
of capital, and the skilled men of the East who can
not compete with the big trusts of that section can
find ample opportunities here for doing an independ
ent business and making a profit out of it.
That the industries of California have suffered
something of a handicap by reason of the unjust dis
criminations of transportation rates is true, *but all
prospects now encourage the belief that much of that
evil will be unknown in the future. In the fir^t
place th«re is to be a transcontinental freight com
petition which was not enjoyed in the past, and in
the second place the people of the coast are now
in->re earnest in standing up for their rights than
they have been. Taking all things into consideration
therefore we can safely invite the Eastern manufactur
ers to come West. There is plenty of room and good
profits for an almost unlimited amount of $25,000 in
vestments in California.
If local Democratic orators persist in mixinp their
metaphors in their encomiums of Mayor Phelan his
Honor will be everything from a ship of state to an
Uitlander.
It is now clear the "Lipton luck" won-'t do to bet
on in a yacht race.
STATE NEK CONVENTION.
STORY OF ITS MAIN ISSUES
The eighth annual convention of the
California Miners' Association, which be
gins a three-day session in ■ San Fran
cisco to-day, will interest the mining
population of the State in many ways.
Besides the important material questions
affecting the industry to be discussed, this
big association and these big conventions
serve a valuable purpose in giving unity
of force and a sense of solidarity to the
mining people who compose so large a
proportion of the State's population.
They do a great deal to stimulate indus
trial patriotism among men who are al
ways proud of their great industry, which
more than any other industry is free from
grinding competition and which does not
create wealth at the expense of others.
While the California Miners' Association
exists to secure practical benefits for the
miners, its members constantly display
an unselfish loyalty to and pride in the
mining industry and its great future in
, California. The $50,000 or so which has
| gone into the treasury of the associaton
I since 1892 has been freely contributed by
men of large and of small moans in the
city and in the mountains to keep the in
dustry as a whole and without definite
calculations of what dollars were coming
I back and how.
The prospects of the convention ap
peared as bright as ever yesterday, full
county delegations which began to arrive
yesterday promising to appear to-day,
making up a gathering of several hun
dred representative mining men. It can
! not be foretold how many of the dele
gates appointed by the Governors of
seven Western States will put in an ap
pearance.
The report of the committee on resolu
tions, which will be the main business of
Tuesday, will in the main cover the scope
of the convention's business and declare
its opinions and demands. Many resolu
tions have already been prepared for
submission and some will cause lively de
bate.
The miners' demands for a Cabinet de
partment of mines in recognition of the
importance of an Industry which produces
annually nearly JSOu.Oou.OOO Worth of raw
material for the industrial life of the na
tion will be again expressed. The Califor
nia. Miners' Association is really the father
of this movement, having been early in
its history the first organized body to
start this agitation. As a result of its ef
forts this demand has become general
throughout the West, and has been
Btrongly indorsed by Eastern influences.
A great many State and inter-State gath
erings have resolved in favor of the meas
ure, and a good deal of direct effort has
been made in Washington. Tirey L. Ford,
who has long been active in favor of th's
measure in behalf of the association, and
! who is the present chairman of the com
mittee in this matter, will report its
status, which is not yet very encouraging.
The Question in the near future will be
mixed up with proposed colonial and
commercial Cabinet departments, and
its Congressional backers may en
deavor to gain strength by tra.l
ing support. The miners' Interests
are now In the hands of the land
department, the geological survey, the
mint bureau and other bureaus and
departments, and are everywhere made
subordinate. One proposed solution, and
one easier gained, is the creation of a
bureau of mining in the Interior Depart
ment, in which the geological survey and
other governmental functions would be
gathered, and which would have addition
al functions directly concerning the min
ing industry created for it. The miners
naturally insist on a full Cabinet depart
ment. The many similar departments of
foreign governments, including several
British colonies, illustrate the value of
such departments. _
In taking up the question of the con
servation of water In an active way at
this convention the association is not fol
lowing the efforts of any other body. A
year ago the association recognized the
vast importance to the industry of water
storage and control and appointed a com
mittee thereon, of which Surveyor Gen
eral J. M. Gleaves was made chairman.
'A. his committee wisely invited co-opera
tion and organized the California Water
und Forest Society. A delegation to
Sacramento tried to get an appropriation
for a preliminary survey of the State's
water resources, but failed, thanks main
ly to Governor Gage. The Water and
Forest Society went into a decline and
lost interest in nestling lakes and bab
bling brooks, but its soul went marching
on as recent movements have shown.
The association will declare Its policy on
this live issue and be an important factor
in the general efforts that will follow.
How the convention divides on the ques
tion of Stale and Federal sovereignty ot
water storage will be a matter of interest
and chaanpions of both sides are on hand.
This convention will be an important
! influence in the domain of American mm!
-! ing law. Its resolutions and committees
on the revision of the Federal mining law
of 1b72 will cut a large figure in the efforts
of the near future to have this law re
cast and to secure Congressional legisla
tion correcting departmental policies and
rulings on this law and the land laws,
which give the miner the worst of it us a
rule when there is any worst to be given.
It should be remembered in noting tho
value and prestige of the California Min
ers' Association that, as it represents
directly a united membership of 9000
voters, and indirectly the entire mining
population of the State, the Congressional
delegation from this State is always ready
to follow almost implicitly its policies
when simply the mining interests are con
cerned.
Another resolution that will likely pass
will create a committee on State mining
legislation, which will be instructed to re
port to the convention next year a State
mining location law and other legislation
to be submitted to the next Legislature.
It will be hoped that this committee will
succeed in framing a law supplementary
to the Federal law that will be generally
satisfactory to the miners and that sug
gestions will be asked from all sources.
One Important matter which promises
much lively discussion is the policy to be
pursued In defending the validity of the
Caminetti law from the attacks whi.h
the nearly defunct Anti-Debris Associa
tion has begun. Suit was brought against
the Kate Hayes hydraulic mine some
time ago and later the Red Dog hydraulic
mine of Nevada County was temporarily
enjoined by the Superior Court of Yuba
and Sutter counties on suit by Robert T.
Devlin, manager and attorney of the Anti-
Debris Association, who brought suit in
the name of Yuba County, alleging that
the mine was damaging the bed and
bridges of the Feather River below, al
though the mine was operated behind a
dam inspected and licensed by the Federal
engineers, composing the California
Debris Commission, in whose hands tue
Caminetti law places absolute control
of hydraulic mining in the basins of
navigable streams In this State. The
plaintiff alleged that the action of the
engineers was subject to review by a
State court, and that a hydraulic mine
could be enjoined by a State court, i-.o
law being unconstitutional in conveying
exclusive jurisdiction to the board of en
gineers. As the very life essence of the
law of 1593 was assailed the executive
committee In July last assumed the full
defense of the South Yuba Mining Com
pany, which owns the Red Dog mine, and
engaged Attorney C. W. Cross at the as
sociation's expense.
The question as to whether the associa
tion should assume the defense of all hy
draulic miners similarly interfered with
or limits its defense to a full test of the
law in one suit will be a matter of dis
pute with little doubt.
Besides holding what it has gained in
the Interest of hydraulic mining, the as
sociation has future legislation and future
appropriations for dams and river im
provements to plan and labor for, and this
will cut a figure. The miners want re
straining dams to hold the debris the
water from their monitors washes down
the steeps. But they can't go very far
into new legislation concerning debris-re
strain'ng d&ma until the Federal engin
eers make up their minds' what they are
going to do with the $500,000 which has
lain for four years in equal amounts in
the State and national treasuries for the
building of dams. They have waited ever
since, and wondered when dirt would be
gin to fly, and they are waiting yet.
It may be announced, however, that the
engineers will likely report a plan for the
expenditure of the money to Washington
just before Congress convenes. For over
two years Hubert Vischer, an engineer
to whom they have delegated the work,
has been making surveys and borings in
the basin of the Yuba River, which is the
stream holding the most debris. One plan
investigated was that of a dam at The
Narrows, but a series of boring's showed
bedrock to lie eighty feet or more deep,
and a clam would cost the whole sum.
For some time Mr. Vischer has been mak
ing Investigations for a dam at l>e
Guerre Point, and Is yet working there.
The whole river and region has ben care
fully surveyed, and several possible puns
have been considered. Lieutenant Ueakyn
states a final report will probably be
r< ady next month. . ,
"There are important questions of prop
erty rights involved," says Mr. Deakyn,
"and if it were announced what our de
cision was in advance some people would .
ask exhorbitant prices for their land.
Hence it would not be judicious to say
now what plan we are most inclined to
favor." . „.
That is about all the convention will
learn of the status of dam construction.
It may possibly begin next year, and then
more money can be asked for.
The mineral lands question is tied up
with the bill long pending in. Congress ;
providing for the segregation of mineral j
and agricultural lands In railroad grants
1 in California and the salvation of several
million acres to the mining industry. The
lation will have this bill to back at
the coming session of Congress.
The mining exhibit for the Paris Ex
positiuu may be one topic. The execu
tive committee by special efforts got ,
the last Legislature t<> Increase the ap- ;
propriation from $120,000 to $130,000, with
the tacit understanding that the increase
was t'ur the i spei lal account of the min
ers and that $25,000 would be devoted to •
the mining exhibit. The Paris commis
sion is getting up a line mining: display !
and has secured exceptional space in the i
mining department for the California ex- f
hibit. Under the direction of A. Ekman. a |
tion is being made, and the State i
will fare better than any other one in ]
this field, but many miners suspect that
the commission will devote but a part
of that $25,000 to mining, and besides the
exhibit much could be done In an adv< r
tlsing way. The commission has not re- |
ported its intentions and some are in
clined to kick. »
Then there is Governor Gage and the
Mining- Bureau. When the Legislature
appropriated $50,000 a year for the bureau
it stipulated for Seld work in the mining i
regions to be done by experts, to be ap- |
pointed by the Governor instead of by the
State Mineralogist. That was a long time !
ago, am] this la about the only patronage j
rovernor has not got around to. Four j
months of the fiscal year have gone and i
the Mining Bureau has not done a lick
of field work, or rather the Governor has !
not. The Mining Bureau is confining its i
functions to the Ferry building and field ;
men are not. J. 11. Means has pone to
China. F. C. Mathyas is helping A. Ek- !
man on the Paris exhibit. W. L, Watts,
the oil expert, ended his connection with
the bureau June 30. Some questions may
be asked in the convention.
There will be a number of other matters
brought up, and a number of other
features to a lively and interesting three
days' meeting in which sociability, an
-election and many speeches will cut
figures. Some things of interest will
doubtless be heard from delegates from
other States, of which there will be a
number,
Reports will show a year of activity
and prosperity, during which the associa
tion has done much and grown much.
The report of Secretary E. H. Benjamin
will outline the year's work. The execu
tive committee as a whole at its six meet
ings and through its standing committees
did a lars" number of things. The State
Legislature secured, the State convention
on the conservation of water of a few
months ago, the meeting of the Americsm
Institute of Mining Engineers in San
Francisco, the publication of California
Mines and Minerals and the organization
of the Southern California branch were
competent items of the transactions since
the last annual convention. The associa
tion was never so representative of the
whole industry as now, and it promises
to grow much in membership and influ
ence during the next year.
J. B. DENNY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. H. McKenzle, a Fresno hanker, is
one of the recent arrivals at the Lick.
Dr. T. D. Biodgett, one of the leading
medical men of Tulare, is at the Grand.
Professor E. T. Pierce, head of the Los
Angeles High School, Is a guest at the
Lick.
D. C. O'Reilly, a prominent business
man of Portland, Or., is a guest at the
Palace.
S. Runnelshurg, one of the leading busi
ness men of Suisun, is a guest at the
Grand.
H. W. Canfleld, a Santa Barbara cap
italist, is staying at the Palace, where
he nrrived yesterday morning.
Bailey Willis of the United States Geo
logical Survey is registered at the Occi
dental with his wife from Washington,
D. C.
W. H. Hurlburt, general passenger
agent of the Oregon Railroad and Naviga
tion Company, is registered at the Califor
nia from Portland.
Louis T. Wright, manager of the Iron
Mountain mine, is at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday from Keswick to
attend the miners' convention.
A large delegation of mining men who
have come to attend the mining conven
tion arrived on the belated overland last
evening and registered at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. W. P. Hammon are regis
tered at the Palace from their home in
Oroville. Mr. Hammon is a large mine
owner, who has come down to this city
to attend the mining men's convention.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Four submarine boats are to be built
at Rochefort after plans submitted by
Engineer Maugras. They have been
named Farfodet, Gnome, Kerrigow and
Lutin, and are different from the Nar
whal type, of which no more will be built
until the original has established its
utility.
Vickers at Barrows are utilizing the
once-famous trans-Atlantic liner Alaska
as a boarding house for workmen in the
shipyard. The ship is fitted up with din
ing, smoking, reading and recreation
rooms, and has thus far one hundred
rooms for boarders, who are charged.
$3 50, $3 75 or $4 a week, according to size
and location of rooms. Further exten
sion of the project is contemplated.
The German Emperor has ordered a
change in titles of the lower grade naval
officers. "Kadett" will henceforth be
styled "see kadett," the former "see
kadett" as "faenrich zur see," the
"unter lieutenant zur see" as "lieutenant
zur see," and the "lieutenant zur see" as
"ober lieutenant zur see." The new titles
are those used in the Austrian navy, but
they appear somewhat cumbersome when
compared with those in the British and
the United States navies.
The naval authorities at Portsmouth
dockyard are investigating the mysterious
disappearance of two confidential signal
books from the depot ship Duke of Wel
lington. A similar incident occurred about
two years ago, the thief was discovered
and the books recovered. The missing
books are the signals In use of the navy,
but they are not the secret code, which
are very carefully guarded under lock and
key and for which the captain is held per
sonally responsible. There is, however, a
manifest uneasiness shown by the nava.l
officers who are trying to locate the miss
ing books.
The Marine Engineer of London is au
thority for the statement that during the
recent British naval maneuvers one of
the 11,000 ton cruisers fitted with Belle
ville boilers required only three minutes
to increase the speed from 8 to IS knots.
The Japanese armored cruiser Idzuma
of 9750 tons was launched at Elswlck Sep
tember 19. Her dimensions are: Length,
400 feet; breadth, 68 feet 6 inches; draught,
24 feet 3 inches. The engines are of 14,500
horsepower to give a speed of 20% knots,
and the armament consists of four 8-inch
guns twin-mounted in barbettes, fourteen.
6-inch quick-firers and seventeen 12-
pounders, supplemented with four sub
merged torpedo tubes. The water-li •,.
Is of 7-inch Harveyized steel, tapering to
the ends; the citadel is 5 inches ai
barbettes and casemates of nickel
6 inches thick, while the conning t
14 inches thick. The coal capacity
tons. .
A new scale of pay has been established
in the Japanese navy. The salaries af-
I fecting officers embrace fifteen grade?,
indicating a very minute subdivision, cor
responding probably to that of some na
vies wheVe length of service in certain
grades entitles the officer to increased
pay. The new scale is an increase over
the old pay, and a comparison with the
salaries paid to officers of like grades in
our navy shows that the Japanese naval
service offers no temptation to foreigners
to join it, even if the Government should
permit it.
Highest pay of naval officers in the
navies of Japan and the United States:
i
■
I I United
Grades. I Japan _ I States.
Admiral _ ".__.. J13.500
Rear Admiral I.60O $7,500- 6.->00
Captain $1,243— 1,132 4.900
Commander 94;)- S06 4,000
Lieut. Commander... 633— o^7 J'™
Lieutenant 4S0- 3?.0 2.340
Lieutenant, junior.... 300— 2.0 1.500
Ensign ■ 2221 1^
The vice admiral In the Japanese navy
receives $2000, and a chief boatswain in
the United States navy is entitled to $1960
a year after twenty years' service. It is
evident that only wealthy persons can
serve on such absurdly small pay, and
that it is for honor rather than emolu
ments which induces Japanese to becoma
officers in the navy. .
The trials of the American water-tuba
boiler in the British torpedo-boat Shel
drake have terminated with satisfactory
results after a very exhaustive test, tabu
lated as follows:
Four runs of 1000 miles under 1500 horse
power.
Two runs of 1000 miles under 1800 horse
power.
Two runs of 1000 miles under 2000 horse
power.
One run of 1000 miles under 2250 horse
power.
Only three of the four Babcock & Wil
cox boilers were used, end the primary
object of the tests was to ascertain the
coal consumption under varying horse
powers. The first series of trials gave
1.5S pounds of coal per horsepower per
hour; the second series showed 1.60
pounds; the third test as low as 1.5S
pounds and the fourth gave a consump
tion of 1.62 pounds, all of which trials
gave more economical results than
cylindrical boilers. Another test was mada
to ascertain the time required for the
boiler under full power to cool off suffi
ciently to enable the removal of leaky
tubes. The fires were suddenly with
drawn, the water blown out . and in
twenty-four minutes several caps had
been taker, off ready for drawing the
tubes. The average time, required to
take out tubes was found to be ten
minutes.
SUNDAY AT THE PARK.
Threatening Weather Results in a
Diminution of the Crowd.
The people, remembering the rains of
last week, were loth to leave their homos
yesterday and dare the elements, and
as a result the crowds at the park and
beach were small. The drive was ordi
narily large and wheelmen were out by
the score. The efforts of the park po
lice to put an end to scorching is gradu
ally effecting the desired result, but it
will take some time. Four violators of
the anti-scorching ordinance were ar
rested by the police during the afternoon
and taken to the station. They were M.
P. Van Horn, 412 Linden avenue; X.
Lewis, 317 Gough street; Dr. A. W. Baker,
ISI2 Lyon street, and W. P. Longwill, 14
Stanley place.
Mrs. Ja. Berger, who resides at 1818
Mason street, narrowly escaped serious
Injury while out riding. Her horse took
fright near the Baker street entrance of
the park and bolted. Mounted Officer M.
DeLaguerra gave chase and once grasped
the plunging animal's bit, but It brt.k*
away and continued its night. The of
ficer managed to keep neck ana neck With
the runaway until they reached Chicken,
Point, where Captain Thompson joined
in the cha.se and brought the runaway to
a standstill. Mrs. Berger managed to
keep the saddle during the exciting run,
and her good riding was the cause of
much comment. The runaway was taken
to the stable and Mrs. Berger was con
veyed to her home.
The crowd at the Chutes was as en
thusiastic as usual, although some ex
pressed disappointment over the fact that
Adgie did not enter the cage with Wal
lace, the Chutes lion. Last Friday Wal
lace severely injured his trainer and aa
he has since been in bad temper the
management refused to l n t the noted lion
tamer perform witfl him. Adgie's as
sistant, Hall, will take Wallace in hand
this week, however, and next week he
will perform with the savage beast while
Adgie is doing her turn with her trained
animals. Major Mite is still the at
traction at the Chutes and promises to
occupy that position for several weeks to
come.
A large number of spectators was in at
tendance at Sutro Baths to witness tha
various aquatic contests. Following are
the results:
Fifty-yard dash, novice, J. Laird first, F.
Neal second; fifty-yard dash, juvenile, J. Mor
lsoh first. M. Benson second;' loo-yaxd tub race,
E. Wella first. C. Augustus second. L. Bou
din third: trick and fancy sprine-h.iard diving,
F. McCormick first. J. O'Brien second; trapeze
and high diving. Professor Raymoua first. Pro
fessor Baker second; under-water swimming
contest, J. O. Jackson first, C. I-.uni.lin second.
» » ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
— : ■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t»ia
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ » ■
"Yes, that's Gtisgcnthrop. He made a
fortune once by inventing a road scraper.'
'"What did he do with his money?"
"He sunk it in a sky-scraper."— Chicago
Tribune.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teeth
other causes. For gale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for lira.
Winsiow'a Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL COKON ADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at ho
tel: longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
» ♦ ■
"Where's the proprietor?" asked a man
as he entered a Glasgow restaurant
"He's gone name to dinner, sir" replied
a waiter.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Colds Z Chest
When your cold has
settled down deep in your
chest, cough syrups will not
relieve you. The system
must be given strength and
force to throw off the
disease.
does just this. It enables
you to conquer the inflam-
mation. The lungs soon heal,
and all danger is passed. Do
not let the disease become
chronic because of neglect.
SCOTT & BOWNE, ChemUuf iNew York.ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
I • f
Excellent Values, j
j :
T
I BLACK DRESS GOODS-CLAY'S ALL PURE WOOL }
♦ COATING SERGE, 60 inches wide, extra heavy; superior
<?> value at $1.25 per yard.
« MOHAIR CREPONS. superior finish, exquisite designs; special
t at $1.75 per yard. ♦
II STORM SPTRGE, extra heavy, all wool: two different wales; a
♦ positively a bargrain at 6Oe per yard.
&• LAD > .'■' TAILOR-MADE SUITS-87.50. $10. 512.50. {
♦ $15i $17.50. $20, $22.50, $25, $27.50, »ao. $.t5. 1
; $40 and 950 each. |
♦ LAP?' GOLF CAPES, at $3.50. $4.50, $6.50, $7.50, a
4> $10, $12.50, $15 and upward. %
LADIFS' I lack and Colored TAFFETA SILK WAISTS, £
| ' back and front of waist finished with fine tucking, lined I
B+ throughout, at $7.50 each. j
♦ LADIES' Handsomely Trimmed Colored and Black ♦
4 TAFFETA SILK WAISTS- front, back and sleeves of I
,?> waist finished with fancy cording, $0 each. 4
t BOYS 1 HEAVY BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, double |
BOYS' HEAVY BLACK RIBBtD COTTON HOSE, double |
♦ heels and knees, in all sizes, at 15c per pair. .
♦ LADIES' Extra Heavy Plain and Jersey Ribbrd VESTS, f
i ' in gray, white and black, also drawers to match, at $1 each. 4>
i MACKINTOSHES-LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in all the latest J
t styles in navy, black, brown and tan, all separable capes, 1
♦ . at $4, $5. *6. 9 8 to $18 each. J
♦ CHILDREN'S MACKINTOSHES, in all the newest styles; all i
♦ . sizes, In navy blue, $2, $4 and $5 each. ♦
x I
I ■ I
,^ {/if Murphy Building. J ♦
I Market and Jones Streets. I
x . i
/nrroTToTTo'TnroTro^inrjnroTjTrr^
i OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK. 1
I THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY i
2 Season 1899-1900. Now Being Compiled. S
>o , -
5 The entire edition has been subscribed for In advance. It will be printed ©
>o on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound In blue "Vega.- ©
f 3 mold" leather, with a handsome design In gold leaf on the outside of the front *"
C* cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- 3
U lni? to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 2
S dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the 3_
>o names of persons of recognized soc lal standing: a list of club members, with ex
£> their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and oj
>° Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles' shopping guide, suburban residents, fj
£ and personnel of the press; also guests of th« leading hotels who will ba %
£ permanently located for tho winter. oj
to Address all changes to oj
b CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
C 225 Post Street, San Francisco. o|
|S Care of EDWARD H. iIiXCHKLL.. Art Stationer, 225 Post street. o<
AMUSEMENTS.
Glorious Comedy. Great Reception.
DUNNE AND RYLEY PRESENT.
HOYTS Most Celebrated Farce.
A Milk White Flag
NOTE. PRICES:
There Will be a Entire Lower Floor.
Special
BAKGAIN SOC,
And
PROFESSIONAL Remainder of house
MATINEE
WEDNESDAY. m
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
mflTHr-AA/S and BULGER
In # 'BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
CALIFORNIATHEATERir."
THE BIG AUDIENCE SHOOK
WITH LAUGHTER LAST NIGHT
THE FUNNIEST YET.
The Latest New York Musical Farce Comedy,
I A Breach of Promise I
THIS WEEK ONLY. .
MATINEES SATURDAY, SUNDAY.
POPULAR I 75c, Me and 25c.
RICES | Matinees, 600 and «5c
OCTOBER THE EXTRAORDINARY
FARCE.
"BRO\A/N - S IN TOWN."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
THIS EVENING
The Society and Musical Event of the Season.
First Production on Any Stage of an Entirely
Original Comic Opera by H. J. Stewart and
Clay M. Greene, Entitled
THE
CONSPIRATORS!
Magnificent Cast of Principals — Increased
Chorua and Ballet— Largest and Best
Orchestra In the City.
New and Beautiful Scenery— Rich and Gorgeous
USUAL POPULAR 6 PRICES.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES,
DO cent*. 35 cents, 25 cent*. 15 cents and 10 cents.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee,
25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY" CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1883.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or chine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. eharp
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. «nd
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and i p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with ban
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
roeda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cam go direct to the track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning:— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
R. THOMAP WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B MILROY. Secratnry.
KAPP & STREET'S
TAMALE GROTTO.
A REFINED and COMPLETE PERFORM- '
ANCE, SELECT ORCHESTRA, EVERY
EVENING, from 8 to 12 m.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
. NEW BILL ENTHUSIASTICALLY RECEIVED.
WRIGHT HU.vriNGTOX
I MISS ADELE FRANCIS and GEO. FARREN.
A Hit From the First.
1 MISS LAURA HURT, SADA. VINIE DE-
WITT, WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMIANS,
MLLE. ERNA'S TRICK AND MUSICAL
DOGS. '
— L-O— T— T— Y—
The Sensation of the Season
TOM BROWN, THE FLORENZ TROUPE.
THE MONKEYS DO THE HEGELMAN
BROTHERS' ACT.
Reserved Seats, 25c: balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
Each Evening and Saturday Matinee,
Offenbach's Famous Comlo Opera,
"La BelleHelene."
Presented With an Enlarged Cast, Orchestra
and Chorus.
Most G"orgeous Costumes, Scenery and Effects I
POPULAR PRICES, 25c and 500.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
Special!! Meyerbeer's Greatest Opera,
"L'AFRICAINE."
Will be Produced October 30. in which all the
Italian Grand Opera Singers will appear.
SEATS NOW BEING RESERVED.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
I C\C\\C TO-NIGHT I
JL»V"vFI\ TO-NIGHT!
Gorgeous Spectacular Production!
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
THE TALK OF THE CENTURY!
■ EXTRAORDINARY SCENERY!
i Costumes made especially for this presentation.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
■
CHIITESJND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
"MAJOR MITE"
(Smallest Actor on Earth.)
WESTON and HERBERT, Musical Come-
dians; HUGH EMMETT, International Ven-
triloquist; BABY RUTH ROLAND, HOPPER
and STARR.
ADGIB AND HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
See the HIGH DIVING EXHIBITION!
AMATEUR MILITARY CONCERT THURS-
DAY 1
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
CONCEBTS AND BESOBTS.
OPEN FROM I UNTIL 12 P. M.
STEEPLECHASE^CENTRAL PARK
Is now the funniest resort in America. Coney
Island transferred to San Francisco to make
every one laugh; everything; new . and novel;
pronounced by thousands to be the real thing.
Prof Hill, king of the wire, is a wonder.
Admission to All Attractions and Ride. :00.
HANDSOME PRESENTS FOR ALL.
TIIE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1899.
POLITICS MIXED
WITH PLEASURE
AT GLEN PARK
Barbecue of Mission
Improvers.
There was a pleasant mixture of bar
becued beef and politics out at Glen Park
yesterday, and besides the Democratic
office seekers there were nearly 10,000
people present. The occasion was the re
union of the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs. There were games for
the small boys and an elaborate pro
gramme of amusements for the old folks
and tho good looking young women. The
theater was turned over to the office
seekers, who secured a big audience
under false pretenses. The printed pro
gramme told of cakewalks, specialties
and coon songs by well known celebrities.
Franklin K. Lane certainly did not dance
the Cakewalk and no one has charged
that Mayor Phelan sang any coon selec
tions, although they appeared to be the
principal attractions on the stage and
monopolized the greater part of the after
noon telling the audience why they should
be continued in office.
Robbed of its political atmosphere the
reunion was a bip success and well man
aged, anil the person who attended and
did not receive a full measure of pleas
ure would Indeed be hard to please. The
barbecue bog an at noontime. There was
over half a ton of beef, 260 pigs and four
sheep prepared for the crowds. William
E. Leveroni was the chef, and that he
was an artist in that particular line the
manner in which the barbecued meats
were devoured bears evidence. The Glen
lark band, under the leadership of John
Josephs, furnished the music. The com
mittees In charge of the affair were:
Arrangements— Chris Stader. A. F. Roberts.
Behrend J<xst. A. S. L.lllle. Gus Schnee. C.
Melly, Captain R. \V. Andersen. l>r. E. N.
Turello, P. Harrington, J. T. Graham, Thomas
O'Nell. Major B. McKinnle, Thomas Crouch.
Entortainmtnt— Gustave Sohnee. Behrend Joost.
H. E. Griftltts. Barbecue— William E. Lever
oni, H. E. Winkler, W. J. Nixon. Press—Cap
tain R. W. Anderson. A. S. I,Ulie. Joseph P.
Tuohey. Music— A. F. Roberts, l>. L Wyatt.
W. Blanohard.
I>emocratic Meeting.
The campaign committee of the Demo
cratic Central Club met lain night with
President Hocks in the chair and com
fileted arrangements for Its public meet
ng. which will be held Monday evening
in the laree hall at Pythian Castle, 9u9
Market street. Mayor Pholan will be the
prtnclpe' Bpeaker. The committee ex
tended an imitation to all nominees on
the Democratic ticket to be present and
address th-' meeting.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— L. G. Swinton of !
San Francisco and Eugr-ne Dupray of 1.,0s
Angeles are at the Empire. J. J. Burke,
a racing official, starts for California on i
a winter engagement next Thursday. Mr. i
Bvirke will serve as presiding judge at ]
Tanforan Park.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
[LETTER TO MRS. PTNKHAM WO. 93,284]
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham For some
time I have thought of writing to you
to let you know of the great benefit I
_ hare received
Mrs. JohnSOn LySa E.pTnk-
Saved from hams Vegeta-
insanity by ble compound.
Mrs.Pinkhan,] birthafmyfiwt
child, I com-
menced to have spells with my spine.
Every month I grew worse and at last
became so bad that I found I was
gradually losing my mind.
" The doctors treated me for female
troubles, but I got no better. One
doctor told me that I would be insane.
I was advised by a friend to give Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a
trial, and before I had taken all of the
first bottle my neighbors noticed the
change in me.
"I have now taken five bottles and
cannot find words sufficient to praise it.
I advise every woman who is suffering
from any female weakness to give it a
fair trial. I thank you for our good
medicine." — Mrs. Gebtrdde M. Johiv-
BOH, JOSESBOBO, Texas.
Mrs. Perkins* Letter.
"I had female trouble of all kinds,
had three doctors, but only grew worse.
I began taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills
and used the Sanative Wash, and can-
not praise your remedies enough."—
Mrs. Effie PEntKiss, Pearl, La-
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS, "
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person interested in subscribing
to the Eujrene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as II will entitle
donor to this daintily artlstlo volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. Sxll). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the '.ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of th» beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, oh Adv. Is inserted as
-■---/.■ . our Contribution.
+ THE SMITH PREMIER + jl|i
TYPEWRITER. Itjffll^
USED EVERYWHERE.
GET CATALOGUE - - WE BENT WRITERS.
. L. &M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
lIP Montgomery St.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
neya and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits
.„ „ , NABKR, ALFS & BHUNE. Agents.
823 Market street. S. V.— (Send for Circular.)
IA/. T. HESS,
ROTARY POBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus bpreckels Bid*
Telephone s rown 931.
Residence, 821 California St.. below PowelL
San Francisco.
PArr nnuAi orner Fourth and
I.Urr Kllfill cu * f "special ' Brew
UM L lIUIHL ara oovere a r ( Tnd
Valises checked free.
NO TRANSPORTS
WILL SAIL FOR
MANILA TD-DAY
Smallpox Scare on the
Pennsylvania.
I None of the transports will leave for
Manila to-day. Tlie work of getting them
ready has been delayed by the rain, and
in consequence It -will be Wednesday be
fore any of them will sail.
A ease of suspected smallpox was dis
covered on the Pennsylvania, and all the
painters were ordered to quit work yes
terday. The Government was not taking
any chances, and In consequence every
man aboard th& vessel was fumigated.
Then the entire ship was treated In the I
same manner. Every hatchway was j
hermetically sealed, and the fumigating I
gas turned on. The vessel will be Kept
pealed up until 8 a. m. to-day, and then
she will be ready for the painters again.
The case may turn out to be only an at
tack of measles, but with a vessel that
is going to carry troops. Uncle Sam can
not bo too particular.
Four soldiers of the Twenty-eighth In
fantry made a daring attempt to rob a
man in frunt of Peterson's boathouse
yesterday. Two of them were captured
by Officers George Lake and William
Mullander of the harbor police but the
others managed to make tneir escape.
Simon Pleff came down from Nelson,
B. C, on the steamer Walla Walla. Yes
terday morning he visited the water front
and struck up an acquaintance with Gus
Jacobs, Company L, and George Sheid,
Company 1, Twenty-eighth Infantry, and
they had several drinks together. Then
two m<>re members of the Twenty-eighth
joined the company and more drinks were
in order. Pleff paid for the drinks, and
running short of small change, pulled out!
his purse with seven twenty-dollar gold
b in It. The soldiers saw the gold
and made up a scheme to rob "the
hoosier."
They laid the plans In front of the
Spreckels Tugboat Company's office, and
w. Mam, ing overheard them. He at once j
sent word to Officer Lake, and he and i
Officer Mullander were on the scene al- |
most as Boon as the robbery was per- ]
;ed. Jacobs put his hand into
I'leff's pocket and took out the purse.
Plt'ff felt him, and, turning quickly, made ;
a grab for the money. Tile purse fell to j
the wharf and five twenty-dollar gold
pieces rolled out. Pleff grabbed three of I
them and the other two disappeared, j
Just then Lake and Mullander appeared
on the scene and arrested Jacobs and
Sheid, the other two soldiers making
their escape.
James McMenamin of Company D, Twen
ty-eighth [nfantry, objected to'the arrest
of bis comrades, and started in to take
Jacobs away from Officer Lake. He was
promptly knocked down, and at the Har
bor police station was booked for disturb
ing the peace. James H. Cope of 1773
McAllister street also pu! In his oar and
demanded the officers' numbers. He was
given what he wanted, and was also
id at the station as a witness.
When the ;>: isosifrs were searched at the
Harbor station a (20 gold piece was found
in Sheid's shoe and an open knife, in his
pocket On Jacobs nothing was found,
but half a dozen witnesses saw him take
t he purse out of Pleff's pocket. Both men
were charged with grand larceny.
Never in the history of the port have
the shipyards in Oakland Creek been as
busy as they are now. Hay & Wright
have .lust ci mpleted th<* beautiful schoon
er Philippine, and next week they
will launch the Steamer Liliuokalani. She
with particularly graceful lines,
and Is expected to average twelve knots
an hour. She is being built for the Wilder
Steamship Company of Honolulu, and is
feet long, ») feet beam and 11 feet
draft. The machinery is being built by
the Union Iron Works, and the whole
work is being supervised by H. Johnson,
supervising engineer of the Wilder Com
pany.
The ferry steamer Ocean Wave is being
transformed into one of the finest vessels
of her class afloat, also at Hay &
Wright's. She is the boat purchased In
Portland by the Santa Fc Kailroad. and
is to run between Point Richmond and
San Francisco. Mr. Hay says she will be
ready for service on December 1. Her bow
has been remodeled to fit the ferry slips,
her cabins have been changed through
out and her bottom rcplanked. When com
pleted she will be the fastest and finest
boat of her kind in the bay.
Almost a sister boat to the Philippine Is
also being built in Oakland Creek. She will
be ten feet longer than the schooner now
in commission, but otherwise the dimen
sions are the same. She will not be ready
for launching until March next., and will
go Into the coast trade. Martin Sanders,
managing owner of the Philippine, will
also manage the new vessel, which has
not yet been named.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
WILL BE BANQUETED
ALUMNI PREPARE A WELCOME
WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
President Gilman of Johns Hopkins
University, Horace Davis and
Others Amdng the In
vited Guests.
The Alumni Association of the Uni
versity of California will give a banquet
to President Wheeler at the maple room
of the Palace Hotel on Wednesday night.
iOn that day the formal inauguration of
j President Wheeler as president of the
' Slate University will take place at Berko
> ley.
The Alumni Association desires to show
I its hearty approval of the choice of the
' regents for the presidency. They also
wish to let the incoming president knuw
: that they mean to give him their earnest
Bupport.
More than 200 acceptances have already
bee/i received by the committee, which
' consists of Herbert Dam, W. A. Beattv,
Colonel George Edwards and Pre.-jident A.
A. d'Ancona. Among the Invited guests
who have already announced their inten
tion to be present are President Oilman of
i Johns Hopkins University, President Jor
dan of Stanford, Governor Gage, ex-Pres
ident Horace Davis and Mayor Phelan.
Toasts will be offered by General Dames
arid Arthur Rodgers on behalf of the
Regents. John R. Glascock and Charles
S Wheeler will also be among the speak
ers. Dr. A. A. d'Ancona will preside as
toastmaster.
During the banquet the University Glee
Club will sing college songs. The maple
; room will be decorated in the university
i colors.
DR. ROBERTSON'S FUNERAL.
■ Knights Templar Escort Their Dead
Comrade to the Grave.
Funeral services according to the
Masonic ritual were held yesterday after
noon at Masonic Temple over the remains
of the late Dr. Henry D. Robertson. A
largo number of Borrowing friends at
tended to testify to the weeping relatives
the grief they felt. The casket was al
most hidden from sight by the beautiful
floral offerings.
At the conclusion of the services the
body was escorted by the members of
Golden Gate Commandery, of which Dr.
Robertson was a member. The Interment
took placs at Masonic Cemetery. The
music at the funeral services was ren
dered by a quartet composed of ivl.
I Lawrence, Alfred Wtlkle, H. M. Besworth
i and W. 0. Campbell. The pall-bearers
■■ were Dr. J. M. Jasseway, C. H. Murphy,
j A \V. McKenrie, Dr. E. R. BrvHut,
Charles Dondcro, E. J. Ohnsteln, Georgo
Zett and Oscar Shel'T.
Says Her Husband Beat Her.
Mrs. J. B. St. Denis, wife of a carpen
ter living at >r; Ivy avenue, was taken
to the Receiving Hospital yesterday after
noon by Policeman D. Owens for treat
ment. She was divorced from J. B. Sears
recently and married St. Denis, who, she
claims, left her about a week ago for
another woman. He called upon her yes
terday, she told the hospital attendants,
and upon her refusal to give him money
he got angry and broke the most of her
dishes and some of the furniture. Then
he turned upon her, blackened both her
eyes and bruised her face. She said she
would swear out a warrant for his ar
rest this morning.
BISHOP POTTER
PREACHES THREE
SUNDAY SERMONS
Churches Crowded by
Episcopalians.
Bishop Potter of New York was In great
demand yesterday. In the morning he
preached to a fashionable congregation at
Grace Episcopal Church, California and
Stockton streets, and In the afternoon to
another at Trinity Church, Bush and
Gough streets. In the evening he occu
pied the pulpit of the Episcopal Mission
Chapel on Second street, near Folsom,
preaching to a congregation no less de
vout, if somewhat less aristocratic, than
their co-religionists on the other side of
town. In each Instance the eminent pre
late was honored by crowded houses,
every available seat being occupied long
before the hour for the commencement of
the services, while many late comers
stood in the aisles and vestibules.
At Grace Church, where the Bishop
preached in the morning, a special song
service was rendered by the vested male
choir. The text was taken from Mark,
ii-28. Bishop Potter spoke of the neces
sity of the proper understanding of the
lessons taught in the Bible, and suggested
that much good might result by discussing
the lessons of the morning at the after
noon services, as is the custom in Mo
hammedan mosques and In some Chris
tian churches. He quoted the reply of
Jesus to the inquiry of the Pharisees and
Sadducees, asking whence he received his
authority, and proceeded to draw a lea
son therefrom.
The text for the afternoon sermon was
from the Second Epistle of Peter, the
lesson taught being patience. Bishop
Potter said that the text was particularly
applicable to the American people, who
were always in a hurry to accomplish
whatever they undertook in the shortest
possible time. He said the history of the
human family is a history of slow pro
gress, slow but sure and complete. He
declared that when St. Paul went to
Rome to preach the Gospel in the capital
of the great pagan empire, he did not ex
pect to accomplish its transformation to
a Christian city in a day or a year. He
knew that only by long suffering and
ceaseless effort could the salvation of that
people be finally accomplished. He illus
trated his text by the labor, care and
time required in the construction of a
great modern building.
A feature of the song service In Trinity
was a soprano solo by Miss Millie Flynn.
In the evening at tbe chapel, Bishop
Potter spoke on the subject of honesty.
both in religious and In material things,
taking his text from Second Kings, FS-IS.
He told t.he story of the dishonest servant
who was reproved and punished by
Elisha, and said that petty pilfering of
small things and the neglect of small
things in following the teachings of Christ
aro but stepping stones to greater offenses
against the commands of God.
The boys' choir sang with excellent ef
fect, and a soprano solo by Master Neu-
Fchultz was especially well rendered.
Lecture by Father Sasia.
Father Sasia will deliver an interesting
lecture at College Hall, St. Ignatius
Church, to-morrow night, on "The
Wonderful Subject." Father Sasia re
turned from Europe about two months
ago, having spent almost a year abroad.
The lecturo will be under the auspices
of the Young Men's Institute.
Next Sunday, at St. Ignatius Church, as
well as at the other Catholic churches
throughout the city, special services will
be held. Those services were ordered by
Archbishop Riordan before he left for
Europe, and are in preparation for the
consecration of the twentieth century to
Christ. The new chapel for the Ladles'
Sodality at St. Ignatius will also be dedi
cated next Sunday.
CALL'S
Home Study Circle
SHAKESPEARE
For the People,
FOUR-MONTH COURSE.
With the beginning of the autumn-
winter term we shall take up the study
of Shakespeare. The studies are prepared
specially for the Home Study Circle by
some of the foremost Shakespeare
scholars in the country. We promise for
this season an attractive course. The
plays to be read will be presented in the
following order:
1. Love's Labor's Lost.
2. Comedy of Errors.
3. King Richard 111.
4. The Taming of the Shrew.
5. As You Like It.
6. Othello.
7. King Lear.
8. Coriolanus.
The Home Study Circle recognizes the
great fa<*t that Shakespeare is for every-
i body— the salesman, the mechanic, the
I farmer, the banker, the merchant, the
professional man, the young woman of
the home or In the labor field, the busy
housewife— quite as much as for the stu-
dent In school or college. Shakespeare
study means culture, and culture is as
much the right and privilege of one sec-
tion of the community as of another.
The Home Study Circle is glad to be able
to bring the beneficent influences of
Shakespeare study within the reach of
the great masses of the people.
CONTRIBUTORS:
Edward Dowden, Litt.D., D.C.L.,
LL.D.
Professor of English Literature, Uni-
versity of Dublin.
William J. Rolfe, LittD.
Editor of Harper Bros. Shakespeare Edi-
tions.
Hiram Corson, LL.D.
Professor of English Literature, Cornell
University.
Hamilton W. Mabie,
Associate Editor of The Outlook.
Alb«rt S. Cook, Ph.D., LL.D.
Professor of Literature, Yale University.
Isaac N. Demmon, A.M., LL.D.
Professor of Literature, University of
Michigan.
In addition to the leading studies by
these widely known Shakespeare students
there will be special side-studies by
Professor Vlda D. Scudder of Wellesley
College; Professor Edwin M!;ns of Trin-
ity College, Durham, N. C. ; Professor
Joseph V. Denny of Ohio State Uni-
versity. Dr William P. Reeves of the
University of lowa, Professor T. M. Par-
rott of Princeton University. Professor
Albert E. Jack of Lake Forest University,
Professor Lucius A. Sherman of the Uni-
versity of Nebraska, Dr. Charles F. Mc-
Clumpha of the University of Minnesota,
and others.
It is safe to predict that this will be
the most remarkable literary presenta-
tion of Shakespeare ever attempted in
this country. Newspaper readers who
fail to follow and preserve the studies
will lose an opportunity of a lifetime.
The Shakespeare course will bo pub-
lished on Mondays and Thursdays, begin-
ning Monday, October 16. 1899. An ex-
amination will be published at the close
of the course in February as a basis for
the granting of certificates.
THE CALL
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
rOBMtRty Or OBCXEL INiTITUTt.PHILAOCLPriU.
/fp POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE. j|p|
Contributors to this course: Dr. Edward Dowden. Dr. William J. Rolfe, Dr. Ham
ilton W. Mable. Dr. Albert S. Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Isaac N. Demmon, Dr. Vlda
D. Scudder and othera.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
11. LOVE'S LABOR'S LOST.
(Continued.)
Study Points to Be Noted.
"Love's Labor's Lost" will be of value
to the student principally by way of con
trast. It is Shakespeare's poorest play.
It evokes little interest either when read
or when played. It is of little account
as a study of character. It possesses
scarcely any dramatic merit. -It lias few
passages, indeed, almost none at nil, that
have value as poetry. Its one saving salt
Is its humor.
It seems difficult to believe that the
same pen that indited "As You Like It,"
"Much Ado About Nothing," "Measure for
Measure." and "The Merchant of Venice"
should also have indited this play. And
yet, weak as it Is, "Love's Labor's Lost" is
a play that no dramatist of Shakespeare's
time, save Shakespeare himself, could
have written. Its faults are those of
freshness and inexperience. Its de
ficiencies are those natural to an early
stage of mental development. It is the
work of a young man. It Is one of
Shakespeare's earliest plays, if not his
very earliest. It must have been com
posed in about his twenty-fifth or twenty
sixth year, when he had been in London
and connected with theatrical affairs only
some three or four years.
It is more than probable that in writ
ing it Shakespeare's main thought was
satire. He had two ends in view. He
wanted to make game of the pedantry
and pointlessness of John Lyly's plays, at
that time vie most popular plays upon
the stage. He also wanted to hold up
to ridicule the silly affectations of the
"euphuisis," the young court dandies of
the time whose elaborate artificiality of
speech, with its cloying smoothness, its
wearisome indirectness, its monotonous
If ingenious elegance was so op
posite to everything which Shake
speare would deem proper and be
coming in the speech of men. In
Holofernes and Sir Nathaniel (the latter,
we must remember, was but a "hedge
priest") we have pedantry exposed, in Don
Adriano de Armado and the king and
his courtiers we have euphuism exposed.
It is probable that Shakespeare had a
third end in view— namely, "to laugh
good-humoredly" at the clumsy inef
fectiveness of the pageants which the
country folk of the day were accustomed
to present "at the houses and in the
gardens of the nobility and at village
fairs and festivals." This end, however,
must have been but a minor one with
him. for txie main stress of the play is
directed toward the other ends.
The one effective piece of characteriza
tion in "Love's Labor's Lost" is that of
the courtier Berowne. It is his. character,
both as it is understood by his fellow
"dramatis personae" and as it is de
vetoped in the play, that gives to the play
the point, the zest, the dramatic interest
it has.
The female characters of the play are
mere outlines. Their portraiture is wholly
external. It will be noticed that a good
deal of sport is made of Rosaline's com
plexion. This is described >of course in
ridicule) as being "as black as ebony.
Even her lover, Berowne, joins in the
general deprecation of her looks; for she
is a brunette. "I am tolling in a pitch,
he says, referring to Rosaline's dark com
plexion. All this was in accord with the
fashion of the time which obsequiously
and extravagantly gave preference to the
"fair" (the truth is. "red") complexion
and hair of Qu«en Elizabeth.
There are two other points respecting
this play that require explanation. One
is the strained and artificial style of lan
guage that is put into the mouths of
speakers who are intended to be present
ed naturally, as. for example, that of the
princess in act V, sc. 2. The reason for
this no doubt is that Shakespeare wrote
to please his audience. The play was per
formed at court, and we are told that it
gained the favor of the Queen. We must
remember that this very ultra-laborious
and ultra-artificial style of language was
just the sort of language Queen Eliza
beth delifhted in. The same sort of thing
is noticeable (though to a less extent) in
another play, a play also written in
Shakespeare's young (though not youth
ful) years, and also, so it is supposed,
performed at court, "A Midsummer
Night's Dream."
The other point is the coarseness of the
language that occasionally in this play is
put into the mouths of the female char
acters, even those the most refined, as.
for example, the princess and her three
beautiful companions. The explanation
again is that Shakespeare wrote to please
his audience. Female characters In
Shakespeare's days were not taken by
women and girls, but by men and boys.
It was a stnsre custom then, a bad one.
and one that Shakespeare afterward
dropped, to make these "feminine actors"
utter words and sentiments that derived
a coarse sort of humor from the fact that
they were not appropriate to the parts the
actor? represented, but were more or less
appropriate to the actors themselves in
their own proper persons.
The novice In Shakespeare study must
expect to find in "Love's Labor's Lost,"
as in all other of the plays, many words
used In senses that no longer attach to
the words. For example, in act 11, sc. 1, j
line S2, "competitors" Is used in the sense
of "associates" or "confederates." But
a little study of the context will always
enable the careful student to make diffi
culties of this sort vanish.
But there are difficulties of a different
sort not bo easily to be got over. For
example, in act V, sc. 1, lines 344-345:
And when Txvve speaks the voice of all the g-ods
Make heaven drowsy with the harmony.
And In act V, sc. 2. lines 518-519:
Where leal strives to content and the content*
Die In the zeal of that which It presents.
The meanings that the poet intends are
not at all clear. Nor do they become
clear even after considerable study. In
deed, learned commentators differ very
much as to the meanings of these pass
ages, and aleo as to hundreds of other
passages that might be instanced in
Shakespeare's plays.
Our advice to the ordinary student in
surh cases as these is this: Try con
scientiously to got at the meaning of the
passage by a fair study of the text and
context. If ita meaning does not come to
you after this fair study mark the pas
sage for easy reference in the future and
go on with your enjoyment of the play
It will often be found that a meaning
once obscure becomes quite Intelligible
after one has had a little Shakespearean
experience. But in almost every play of
Shakespeare's there will be found some
passages that will baffle a student to the
last.
Shakespeare's Mind and Personality
in This Play.
Even more Interesting than the begin
nings of fahakespeare's art which we find
in this play are its revelationa of bis
mental attitude to some of the problem^
of life. It was then the high tide of th«
renaissance in England. The throne was
filled by a pleasure-loving, cultured pa
troness of art and letters. The nobles
who gathered about her were as well read
as well bred. The new movement of In
j tellectual freedom had already broken
! down the feudal barriers of caste.
j Shakespeare himself, the son of a bank
' runt shopkeeper in a country village, was
! rising to fame and wealth in the art of
which he was to be the greatest master.
Even before the revision of "Love's La
bor's Lost" his genius had won for him
the Ciose friendship of one of the most
sp'en'lio noblemen of the court. Is the
I young poet's head turned by his success?
: Does he pose as the thorough-going 1
j champion of a movement from whioh he
: had so much to gain? Not in the least.
■ With his infallible insight Shakespeare
perceived the follies and excesses of tha
new desire for learning, culture, refine
ment, and he exposed them with an in
faring hand. High as Shakespeare's
head might soar above the clouds, his
feet were firmly planted on the earth, and
even '.n this merry play of his youth noth
ing is more remarkable and more admir
able than his simple common sense. In
the words of Kreysslg, "Love's Labor's
I>ost" is from beginning to end a laugh
ing philippic against the excesses of a
learning that was becoming pedantic, and
a refinement of language that was fast
changing into preciosity. It is a plea for
simplicity and natural feeling, against af
fectation in all its forms. The- unnatural
vow of the King to seek learning at the
expense of youth, pleasure and beauty is
broken by the natural course of things
and the natural passion of love. The
pedantic masque of the Nine Worthies,
with Its schoolmasterly deviser, is driven
from the stage by the rattling fire of
I quips, puns and broad jokes, such as rose
of themselves to the lips of the laughter
! loviner Elizabethans. The pompous Span
: iard falls a victim to the charms of a
! country wench and is "infamonized
! among petentates" by a country clown.
| Berowne himself, too sensible to yield
I wholly to the affectation of fashion, too
: cfturtly to escape them altogether, is
! beaten from his point device wooing,
| "taffata phrases, silken terms precise."
| to "russet yeas and honest kersey noes."
Everywhere simplicity and common sense
; triumph over pedantry and affectation,
j and the play fitly closes with a nature
| lyric of the purest type, that rises from
the very heart of the young poet late
come from rustic Stratford. Among all
the follies and fancies and witty affecta
tions of lively London he has not forgot
ten the Warwickshire meadows "with
daisies pled and violets blue," nor the
homely sights and sounds about the cot
tages when icicles hang by the wall.
Truly the words of Mercury are harsh
after the songs of Apollo.
Professor Dowden calls Berowne "the
exponent of Shakespeare's own thought."
He is that, and, I think, something more.
It is perhaps too much to say with the
latest realistic critic that Berowne is
Shakespeare himself. But he exhibits so
meny characteristics of the young Shake
speare that we cannot but feel that he
is a portrait, though perhaps an idealized
portrf.it . of the poet. Berowne possesses,
to use Pater's words, "that winning at
tractiveness which there is no man but
would willingly exercise." and which
Shakespeare must have exercised above
all men. Like the young Shakespeare,
Kcrov.ne is a fellow of Infinite jest, of a
dashing, flashing, yet never savage, wit.
Rosaline's description of her lover is
Shakespeare to the life.
A merrier man
Within the limits of becoming mirth
I never spent an hour's talk withal.
His eye begets occasion for his wit;
r<>r every object that the one doth oatch
The other turns to a mirth-moving: Jest,
Which his fair tongue, conceit's expositor
Delivers in such apt and -— neious words.
That aged ears play truant at his tales.
And younger hearings are quite ravished.
The young Shakespeare must have been
the most delightful of companions, and
the account left us of the wit combats
at the Mermaid, where he flashed around
the ponderous bulk of Jonson like an Eng
lish privateer about a Spanish galleon, re
minds one of the coruscating fire of wit
with which Berowne drives Holofernes
from the stage. Shakespeare, like Be
rowne. laughed at mere book learning.
Little Latin and less Greek helped him
to a popularity which the university wita
never enjoyed. And finally Shakespeare,
like Berowne, at once partook of the pas
sion of the age for making a plaything
of language and was able at will to rise
above it. In "Love's Labor's Lost," as in
"Romeo and Juliet," we find Shakespeare
stooping to puns, verbal conceits, affected
and rhetorical diction, yet capable at any
moment of shaking off these fetters and
rising to supreme heights of golden elo
quence and simple passion.
The Play in the Drama.
"Love's Labor's Lost" has a stage his
tory, but one that is scarcely worth
speaking of. It was played before Queen
| Elizabeth, Christmas. 1597. and we are
| told that it found favor with the Queen.
On other occasions also in Shakespeare's
I time It was played. But subsequently to
Shakespeare's time for almost 250 years
we have no record of its ever having been
' performed once anywhere. In the middle
of this century, however, we have a rec
[ ord o> its having been performed In Co
: vent Garden. London, in 1839. and in Sad
■ ler's Wells. London, in 1853. But since
i these representations "Love's Labor*
; Lost." so far as we know, has seldom if
ever been performed anywhere.
Note— The study of "Love's Labor's
Lost" will be concluded on Thursday.
ESTIMATES COMPLETED
Report of the Sewage Commission at
Last Finished and Ready for
the Supervisors.
The report of the Sewage Commission
will be filed with the clerk of the Board
of Supervisors some time to-day. The
board of engineers, consisting of Marsdea
Hanson, C. E. Grunsky and C. S. Tilton,
the City and County Surveyor, have been
extremely busy during the past few
months getting the report into shape.
Rudolph Hering of New York has con
sulted with the engineers for the past few
weeks.
The report contains estimates of the cost
of a complete modern system of sewerage
for the city, plans for the worn In every
detail and all the essential statistics In
volved.
A Denver Priest Preaches.
At Old Bt Marys Church yesterday
evening Father Morrin of Denver, Colo.,
preached a very entertaining sermon.
Father Morrin will remain about a wee«c
longer in this city. Father Wyman of
Old St. Mary's, assisted Father Montell,
pastor of the church at San Pablo, in th©
memorial services held yesterday over
the victims of the recent explosion at th«
| powder works.
56
%est
TEAMS ALL
BREAK EVEN
AT BASEBALL
Fans Sec Exciting Games on
the Oakland and Local
Diamonds.
Oakland 4, San Francisco 3.
Another bunch of flowers for Moskiman
and another consequent victory for the
Dudes. Never a Sunday passes but the
Oakland Brummel receives long-stemmed
chrysanthemums from tho lady with the
long coat. It has become a habit and
Cal Swing now says his prayers over a
pot of chrysanthemums every Sabbath
morning.
The first Inning of the afternoon grime
on the local diamond guv the crowd to
understand that the Dudes were not in
the race, but something happened later on
which turned the tide and llxed the smile
on wing's face. Brockhoff went canter
ing' to the fir^t bag and played the thief
with second. When Hildebrand was
thrown out by Dunleavy, Broekhoff ad
vanced another peg, scoring on X rug's
single. A bit by Sullivan to right sent
Krus to third and a passed ball
told Krug and Sully that the time for
ucoring had arrived.
After this there was little accomplished
by the locals until the sixth Inning, when
Sullivan made the first bag on a safe hit,
bcoring on Courtney's long two-bagger.
In the first Inning Uutchlnson was sent
to first on four bad ones, was advanced
a station on Hammond's sacrifice, went
to the third resting place on Hardies out
and peered when Donovan picked himself
up for a pretty two-bagger to left field.
The sixth Inning waa a long drink for
the thirsty Dudes. Michael Angelo
SteffanJ made the initial bag on an error
end took second leisurely on Hutchlnson's
hit, scoring when Donovan rapped a long
Fingle to deep center. Then came some
thing which exhibited Sullivan In a new
and uncommon calcium effect. Attempt
ing to catch Donovan napping around the
second bag-, Sullivan threw wild and
Hutchinson scored, Dunleavy following
soon after with a hit. forcing Donovan
ucross tho rubber. The score is:
SAX FRANCISCO.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
khoff. St> 3 10 112 0
brand, rt 4 0 0 0 110
Krug. s. a 4 1113 6 0
Fuilivan. c 4 18 17 0 1
<Y>drtney, lb 2 0 118 2 1
Ralily, lib 4 0 0 0 3*o
j\-nn cf 3001000
MulWr. If 4 0 2 C 0 10
..'rick. D 2 0 0 0 13 1
Totals 30 2 6 5 24 IS 3
OAKLAND.
AH. R. BU. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchlnson. lb 2 2 1 0 16 0 0
Hammond, c 8 0 0 0 5 2 0
Hardle, rf 3 0 0 110 0
Donovan of 4 12 0 0 0 0
Dunleavy 2!. 4 0 10 2 4 0
I.anpe. 3b 3 0 10 0 2 0
Pchmeer, s. 8 4 0 10 0 5 0
Moskiman, if 2 0 1 0 3 0 »0
Eteffanl, p 4 110 0 7 0
Totals 29 4 8 1 17 20 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco 2 0 0 0 0 10 0 o—B
Ba9<> hit* 1 10002100—
Oakland 1 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 •— j
Basa hi(J 12013001 •— S I
SUMMARY.
F.xir.a responsible for— . ■ ; atrick 1, Steffani ;
I Two-base hits— Donovan, Mil Her, Moßkiman,
Courtney. Sacrifice hits— Fit zpatrick, Ham- ;
mond. First base on errors— San Francisco 1. j
First bane on lied balls— Francisco 4.
Oakland <>. I-.»>'t on base;"— San Francisco 6,
Oakland 10. Struck out— By Fltzpatrick 5. by j
BteiTanl 3. Hit by pitcher— Hammond. Double
plays— Krue; to Rellly M Courtney.. Passed
balls— Sulltvni; 1. Hammond 1. Time of game—
2:O\ Umpire — O'Connell. Official scorer —
Etaplftoi.
MORNING GAME AT OAKLAND.
San Francisco 5, Oakland 4.
The morning game between San Fran
cisco nnd Oakland, played on the Oakland
grounds, was a close contest. in which
the locals won out by a single run. Neith
er Harper nor I burg was hit frequently,
but two home runs introduced a few sky
rockets to the celebration. Moskiman and
Krug were the swatters who did the trick.
The score is:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. liH. SB. PO. A. E.
HutchtnGon. lb 4 0 10 6 10
Hammond, o 5 0 0 0 5 0 0
Hardio. rf 5 0 10 10 1
Donovan, cf 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
lmn!»avv, 2b -4000411
J^nge, 3b 4 12 0 3 11
t-ohmeer, s. a 3 0 11111
Moskiman. If. 8 12 0 8 10
Harper, p 8 2 0 2 0 2 0
Borchera, of 10 0 0 0 0 0 i
Totals 39 4 9 3 24 7 4 I
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. Sb 4 110 2 0 0
Hildebrand, rf 4 110 2 10
Krug:. 8. s.w 4 110 2 6 1
Sullivan, o 3 0 10 5 10
Courtney, lb 3 1117 0 0
Reilly. lib 3 0 10 4 11
I'vne, cf 4 0 10 3 0 0
ifuller. If * 0 1110 0
Iburg, p 3 10 0 12 0
Totals 32 6 8 2 27 11 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 10 10 2 0 o—4
Base hits 0 0 2 0 10 2 3 I—9
Ban Francisco 0 0 3 0 0 110 —
Base bits 0 0 2 112 1 1 •— 8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Harper 1, Iburgr 2.
Home runs — Moskiman. Krug. Two-base hits —
Donovan, Sullivan, Pyne. Sacrifice hit — Court
ney. First base oh errors— Oakland 1. San
Francisco 2. First base on called balls—Oak
land 4, Pan Francisco 3. I^eft on bases—Oak
land 9. San Francisco 7. Struck out— By Harper
6. by rtiurg 8. Double plays— Lange to Dunleavy
to HutchinEon: Moskiman to Hutchinson. Time
of srume— l hour 65 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell.
Scorer— S. McFarlln.
MORNING LOCAL GAME.
Sacramento 1, Santa Cruz 6.
For the first time since the beginning
of the league schedule Sacramento and
Santa Cruz crossed bats yesterday morn-
Ing on the local diamond and the re
sultant game was one of the prettiest
Been In this city for many a day. One
Inning of heavy stick work netted five
runs lor the Shellfish and the game went
with It.
It was In the third that all this hap
pened, and Doyle's curves lost their un-
Folvable characteristics. After Andrews
fanned three times, Whelan worked a
single, and hard upon his success came
McCarthy with another, sending Whelan
to the third station. Babbitt took the
stick In his fist and rapped out a two
bagger, which scored whelan and Mc-
Carthy. Babbitt Jogging 0 third on the
throw-In. A slight mixup at third told
Babbitt to attempt a spurt homo, but he
was cremated at the nlato by a lightning
throw of Eagan. Mindful of his pre
decessors. Devereaux worked Doyle for a
single, followed by a two-base hit on the
part of Dronnan. Then up stepped
Clarke, and his hit went over the center
field Fence, Drennan and Devereaux scor
ing, while Clark cantered around the
bases for a home run. This ended the
pyrotechnics.
The fourth inning brought Sacramento
its sole run, Eagan crossing th". rubber
for the Senators. The one sensational
play of the game happened in this inning.
Stanley was on third and Shcehan caught
the ball on the spot. It sailed to deep
center, chased by Drennan. "Right off the
fence he took it, and quick as unharnessed
lightning, sent it home to strive off Stan
ley. Morrow at the plate did not have to
budge an inch. The leather dropped into
bis hands and Stanley was caught at
tempting to ire. The catch was phe
nomenal, but the throw-In was a point
or two beyond that. The score is:
SANTA CRUZ.
!,'-- AB. K. BJI. SB. PO. A. X
McCarthy; Ib 4 110 -I- 10
Babbitt, I. a 4 0 1116 0
Uevenaux, 3b 4 2 2 0 1 3 0
Drennan, or 3 12 0 2 10
Clark, Ib 3 110 9 0 0
Dalrymple, If 3 0 2 0 3 0 i
Morrow, c 4 0 10 3 10
Andrews, rf 4 0 0 0 10 0
Whelan, p 2 1 1 0 0 I 0
Total 31 ~i 11 • 27- 14 "l i
Sporting Svents from All Over the bdorld.
SACRAMENTO.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin, If 5 0 10 0 0 0
Harvey, rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
O'Connor, lb 3 0 l 0 10 l l
F.agan. s. s 3 1113 5 1
Stanley o 3 0 10 6 3 0
Doyle, p 4 0 10 0 6 1
Shanahan. cf 4 0 0 0 10 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 10 1 8 1
Stultz, 2b 2 0 0 0 3 10
Total .'.2 1 6 1 24 19 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 00100000— 1
Base hits 1 10102010—8
Santa Cruz 0 0500001*— 6
Base hits ....0 18 0 0 2 0 2 •— ll
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for Doyle 6. Homo run—
Clark. Two- base hits— Babbitt. Dr?nnan. Sac
rifice hits— Drennan. Dalrymple. First base on
errors— Santa Cruz i. Sacramento 1. First base
on called balls— Santa Cruz 2, Sacramento 7.
liCft on bases— Santa Cruz 5, Sacramento 11.
Struck out— Hy Doyle 4, by Wtaelan 2. Double
plays— Eapnn to Stultz. Drennan to Morrow.
Time of game- 1:15. Umpire— Graves. J. W.
Stapleton, official scorer.
AFTERNOON OAKLAND GAME.
Sacramento 11, Santa Cruz 0.
Andrews and Whelan were touched yes
terday afternoon at Oakland thirteen dis
tinct times. Whelan being found so com
pletely that Andrews had to replace him.
The game was of the skyrocket order
with variations of roman candles and
double-headers. Harvey pitched a phe
nomenal game, holding the Lobsters down
to four bits and striking out no less than
thirteen men. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
A U. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MeT^auehlln, If 4^loooo
Harvey, p 3 1110 2 0
OCnnnor. lb 5 12 0 8 0 1
Eagan. s s 5-2 1 11 0 0
Stanley, c 4 11 0 14 1 0
Doyle, rf, 5 110 10 0
Slianahan. cf 4 13 12 0 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 1110 0 0
\ Stultz. 2b 4 1 J j3 J. jo JO
Totals 38 11 13 4 "' 9 1
SANTA CRUZ.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy, 2b 4 0 l 0 i 4 0
Babbitt, a. S 4 0 10 0 3 0
Devereaux. 3b... 3 0 0 0 2" 1
Drrnnan. cf 3 0 10 10 0
Clark lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 1
Dalrymple. If 4 0 10 3 0 0
Morrow, c 3 0 0 0 5 0 0
(Yoll rf 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
I Wh.-luli. p 10 0 0 0 2 0;
Andrews, p 2 0 0 0 0 3 J. ;
Ifltalß 30 0 4 0 -4 12 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 5 0 0 0 6 0 0 •— ll
Base hits I 6 0 113 11 '-13
! Santa Cruz 0 00000000—0
Base hits 3 0000000 1—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Whelan 5. Home run — |
Eugan. Three-base hit— Stanley. Two-base hits
—Shanahan .2). Stultz. Sacrifice hits— Harvey, I
Shanahan. First base on errors— Sacramento 2,
Santa Cruz 1. First base on called balls—Sac
ramento 5, Santa Cruz 2. Left on bases— Sac
ramento 10, Santa Cruz 7. Struck out— By Har
■ vey 13, by Whalen 1, by Andrews 4. Hit by
1 pltcher^Devereaux. Time of game— 1 hour 55
minutes. Umpire — Graves. Scorer— H. S. Me
j Farlin.
Bakersfield ' Shuts Out Fresno.
FRESNO, Oct. 22.— Bakersfield shut
Fresno out to-day. Both pitchers were
In fine form, but Monroe's support was
very ragged at times. The game was
' called in the eighth inning on account of
I rain. Score:
I Club*— R. H. E.
Bakerfleld 6 5 1
I Fresno 0 4 6 I
] Batteries — Hall and Baer: Monroe and •
Bwarta. .
OLYMPICS LOSE TO
CAPITAL CITY RIDERS
Sacramento Wheelmen the Winners
of the Fifty-Mile Race at Agri
cultural Park.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 22.- For two years
i there has been a desire on the part of the
Capita] City Wheelmen and the Olympic
Club Wheelmen of Ban Francisco to
i meet in a riding contest. The opportunity
occurred to-day at Agricultural Park. I
Each club put up Its best men. and the
sport was witnessed by a large as- j
semblage. The recent rains ha<i put the \
track In none too good condition, ;md in |
order to reach the pole the wheelmen
[ had to run about half a mile, In the ag- ;
gregate, over the fifty miles prescribed.
The race was won by the Capital City
Wheelmen, who made the fifty miles in
two hours twenty-three minutes and j
thirty-one seconds. There were ten !
' rider's to a side, as follows, the first
named in each Instance being an Olympic
rider:
H. D. Bean vs. G. Eldred; Lester Liv
ingston vg. Len Dorsey; Milton Davis vs.
Thomas Welch; H. Anthony vs. W. Pen
dt-ry; E. T. McNess vs. C. Xoyes; George
P. Fuller vs. Percy Valentine; E. O.
Kragness vs. Lelth Turner; Theodore
White vs. H. Noyes; O. E. Bozio vs. R. !
Backrath; E. F. Rusk vs. Jake Hlrsch.
The Olympic Club filtered its conceded
best men", Fuller, Bozlo. White and Rusk.
The big men of the Capital City were
Hirsch, Noyes and Backrath. The
Olympics oattie to Sacramento perfectly
i confident of success, hut they were un
able to shake off the locar-riders. When
within 200 yards of the final mile Hlrsch,
' regarded as the best finisher on the roast,
sprinted ahead and won the race for the j
1 Capital City Wheelmen by a wheel length. I
The race was a fair one from beginning i
I to end, and the Olympics accepted their
! defeat with good grace. They were a
i fine lot of men and won friends with all
| the local wheelmen.
GREAT HANDBALL PLAY.
Two Youngsters Put It All Over
Linehan and Kilg-allon.
Phil Ryan's handball court at 853 How
ard street was packed yesterday after
noon with those anxious to see the game
between the two Juveniles, White and
Collins, against the veterans, I,inehan
and Kllgallon. On the toss for positions
the youngsters obtained the first Inside
give-out, and It required only a tew balls
to knock the vets out. After this the
young ones played such a good game
that they made their twenty-one aces,
while tho vets placed only four to their
credit. The second set-to resulted in
twenty-one for White and Collins against
fourteen for KUgallon and Linehan. The
last go was twenty-one for tho boys
against seventeen for the heretofore in
vincible old-timers. On the conclusion of
the game the two lads were carried out
of the alley by their numerous friends
amid great rejoicing. The scores of the
other players were:
C. Lakln and F. Carney defeated P.
Muriz and C. Smith. Score, 21—6, 18—21,
21—
D. Rodgers and P. McKlnnon defeated
M. McNeil and G. McDonald. Score, 21—11,
9-21, 21-14.
D. J. Sheehan and E. McDonough de
feated E. J. Lynch and J. R. Bockman.
Score, 21-18, 16-21, 21—17.
N. J. Prendergast and W. H. Sleberst
defeated W. 11. Kedian and M. Basch.
Score. 21— 12—21. 21-19.
B. Clements and W. Collins defeated W.
Ilassell and E. Antron. Score, 21—10,
15—21. 21—13.
T. Foley and R. Housman defeated P.
Ryan and T. Leach. Score, 21—17, 13—21,
21— IS.
Single-hand game— R. B. Young defeat
ed E. Dodge. Score, 21—11, 14—21, 21— 1C.
H. Hufschmfdt and C. Erb defeated L..
Wamser and J. Brownlee. Score, 21—20,
17-21, 21—13.
W. Walsh and R. Regll defeated A.
Whiteman and J. McGinty. Score, 21—10
15 — 21. 21—17.
French game with a ball about the size
of a baseball, six-handed game— J. Os
pital, P. Sllva and N. Juanenna defeat
ed J. Jacue, M. Yparrlglrre and Q. In
dart. Score, 100 to 50 aces.
FITZSIMMONS MATCHED.
Will Go Against Jeff Thorn, a Heavy
weight of South Africa.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.-The Tattersall Ath
letic Association to-day announces that
it will put on Robert Fitzslmmons, unde
fen ted middle-weight champion of the
world, on Saturday next, against Jeff
Thorn, the fast light heavyweight of Jo
hannesburg, South Africa,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1899.
BOHE, One of the Great Greyhounds of California.
IN Bohe, J. H. Perigo possesses one of the surest bread-winners among the do«?s
now running on the local coursing fields. Since the first of the year the black
daughter of St. Lawrence-Wee Lassie has won some prime In every stake
for which she has started, her total winnings being $1330. In her tirst at
tempt she finished second, while on her next time out she reversed this order,
winning the stakf. She then won three sapling stakes and the Belle Brandon
cup. She was unfortunate in the Produce stake recently, but made amends by
winning an open stake later.
MANY SHOTS
FIRED OVER
THE RANGES
Large Turnout of Enthusias
tic Riflemen at the Shell
Mound Ccmpetitions.
On the Shell Mound range yesterday
there was all kinds of shooting and plenty
of it. J^ate in the aftf-rnoon the light was
much steadier than in the earlier hours,
and there was but little wind to contend
with. Most of the fine rifle club mem
bera contested for cash prizes on the
bullseye targets, best centers measured
by machine. While no very remarkable
work was done, the marksmanship was
up to the average.
In the Gcrmanla Schuetzen Club's
monthly bullseye contest F. P. Schuster
won lirst prize. He also had the best
in the three-shot cash prize com
petition. D. W. Mclx-uighlln and J. Uts
chig held the best guns on the Bushnell
championship medal. The scores in these
events are as follows:
Monthly bullseye shoot— First. F. P. Schuster,
i, K. Finking. 378; third. J.
*, 454; fourth, 11. Huber. 661; fifth, 11.
Lilkendea 7*6; sixth, William Ooetz, 600; sev
enth. H Zecher, M 5; eighth, H. Stelling. 1011;
ninth. H. Hellberg, ICC9; tenth, J. de Wit. 1145;
,th, J. Uefkln. 1164; twelfth, L.. Haake,
1241.
in for cash prizes, three shots, Ger
man 25 ring target, re-entry- F. I. Schuster .3.
I r , i. O. Ri dgers 72. John I'tschig 71. 1^ Ben
del ~- W. Goetz 68, L. Haake 6S.
Bushnell champlunshlp medal, single entry,
ten Bbots, Qennan target— l>. W. Mc-
Laughlin 223 rin^s. J. DtachlS 288, F. P. Schus
i ■!. I^. O. It..dgers 217.
San Francisco Pchuetzen Verein monthly
bullseye shoot— First, H. Huber. 336 points; sec
ond, William Garms. 350; third, J. i-Wkm,
t. fourth, H. Stettin, 452; fifth, A. Lemalre.
C 3- sixth O. Bertelsen, 04"; seventh, F. P.
Schuster, sb»; eighth. D. baltlald, 5U9; ninth, J.
L'Uchlg 619; tenth, L. Hauke, 646; eleventh, J.
'.'. lebke 715; twelfth, IL Stelling, 727; thir
teenth, F. Hust, M 0; fourteenth, J. Peters. 556;
nrteenih, H. Holib-rg. 9<:i; sixteenth. H. Zecher,
925; sevente"nth, F. Pape, 1103: eighteenth, J.
Lankenau. 112.; nineteenth, H. F. Lllkindea,
1138; twentieth. F. Brandt. 11S9.
Norddeuischer Schuetzen Club monthly con
t';-t for class medals, twenty shr.tf!, (Jerman
2r ( -rlng tarßft— Firet champion class, F. P.
Schuster, 44S rings; second champion class, not
filled; iir.^t clmfs, C. F. Hust, 414; Bf-cond class,
D. Salfleid. 3*>l; third class, not filled; fourth
claps. John Woebcke, 34<5; best first shot, J.
1.-uikenau, 24; beat last shot, F. P. Schuster,
25.
In the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club's regular contests the principal fea
ture was a spurt made by C. N. Hender
son, one of the new members, who has
not been long in the field of shooters.
It happened that D. B". Faktor, one of
the team contesting for an Eastern prize,
was absent, and the vacancy had to be
filled and Henderson forged ahead for the
place. In the match he ranked second
to the best score made. Two scores were
shot in thin event owing to the fact that
the Golden (latt-s started in later than
some of the Eastern teams, which ac
counts for the two runs of yesterday.
The results of the contests were as fol
luws:
Team match for the outdoor life rifle tro
phy, ten shots, standard American target, June
competition— Captain Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 87; D.
\V. McLauchlin, 86; F. P. Schuster, 86; F. E.
Mason. 79; G. N. Henderson, 71; .1. B: Gorman,
SB. Total i"i. October competition— D. W. Mo-
Laughlln. 8S; F. P. Schuster, 85; Dr. U. O.
Rodgers, 84; F. E. Mason, 8»; C. N. Hender
son. S3; J. E. Gorman. SI. Total 515.
Rifle class medal scorns, one or two ten-shot'
scores. German 25 ring target— Dr. L.. O. lioclg
ers 222- F. C. Mason, 217; J. B. Gorman, 204;
C N Henderson, 202-185; F. W. Belknap. 204
--194; E. N. Moore, 198; J. F. Bridges, 199.
Pistol, 60 yards, ten-shot scores, standard
American target— Dr. L. O. Rodders, 94; J. K.
Gorman. 87; D. \V. Mclaughlin. 80; J. F.
Bridges, 84-74; F. B. Mason, 89; C. N. Hender
son, SI; F. W. Belknap. 73; E. W. Moore, 71.
The Naval Militia was out In full force
for the annual competitions for class
medals. The shooting yesterday was for
the medals of 1898, which were not dis
tributed at the time owing to some mis
understanding about the scores. Shoot-
Ing for the 1599 medals will take place
very soon. The militia shot with the
Government 45-70 rifle, ten shots, at 200
yards. Blunt target. The scores of the
staff, engineers and men yesterday were
as follows:
First division— Ulkendecker. 39.42; Kuhl. 24,
18; Murphy, 34. 39: Kaufner. 29, 37; H. Miller,
88 39 yulnlan, S3. 32; Severance, SI. 3;>; J.
Kenny, 25. 23; Bush. 8. 7; Morgan 16. 28; P. C.
Muller, 7 IS; W. F. Bailey, 32 31; 11. T. Sandy,
M 39- W. Bode. 3:.. 38; O. Osborn. 16. 12; J.
Back. 27, 32; O. Olsen, 6, 20; Beattle, 34. 34; Al
phons<" 20, 36; Smith, 31. 28; Nathan, 18, 20;
k&rkle, 22. 14; H. Harris. 42, 45.
Second division— V. P. Paris, 33, 3S: H. E*ltz,
33 37- G. K. Sutton. 5. 0; F. Burgess. 32, 40;
Ueutenant F. S. Harloe, J. 24; Hilton. 21, 15;
JeMerkP. 13. B: Ma.key. 9, 21; Malsted. 24, lj;
lay 29. 35; Knslßn J. K. Burke, 30, 36;
En *n Kelley, 2". 2, r ,; W. F. Buokley, 15, 9; J.
A Buckley, 14, Ift; McO»be. 29 S2: Bob, 33. IS;
Oarrich, 20, X; Cog«ln«, { :$. 85; J. (Jarrett, 24. 1G;
i; Kammerer. !8, -.. R. lUas, is. 20; Pclieff
&u«T, 11 ."5; McMillan, 14. 15; Loradon, 27. 36;
C F Butte, IS. 11: .1. R. Plevin (stalT), Iti 30-
Becker. 11. 2.">: F. B. Bn K .»ie, l, 14; Hammond,
:;i ::.', Vannler, 9. 20; F. R. Suttnn, 33, 3S; Ben
der. 23. 29; O. Hern, lj, 17; Pinkham. 22. 23.
jf(alfrzfy**&*ne>
wakes every faculty that males on« at his
beßt. Invigorates body and brain. Made only
by the Anheuser-Bußch Brewing Ass'n. That
tells Its merit.
Bill Lange Home Again.
"Bill" Lanse, the noted ball player, ar
rived from the East last Saturday even
ing and Is now with his parents. His tall
and familiar figure was seen on the main
streets yesterday, and he was busily en
gaged receiving th© greetings of bjs
numerous friends.
COURSING IS
STOPPED BY
DARKNESS
Neither Stake Is Completed
at San Mateo— Other
Race Results.
Darkness settled down upon tho field of
San Mateo Coursing Park Association
last night before the two stakes, which
made up the programme for its Initial
meet, could be decided. Curtis & Son's
Cash and N. P. Whiting's Minneola
worked their way through the stake and
will meet in the final for the rich prizes
offered the winner and the runner-up.
This will be run next Sunday afternoon.
The attendance was unusually large, as
In addition to the natural curiosity to see
the new park, the best dogs in training
on the coast were In the running.
The hares in the majority of courses
proved just as strong as on Saturday, and
tested the staying qualities of the dogs
to the utmost limit. They were still un
familiar with the escapes provided for
them and ran about the field aimlessly.
Only three hares escaped throughout the
day. In the majority of the other courses
It was necessary to send out one or more
extra dogs to save those in the stake from
running themselves to death. The sport
was spectacular in the extreme.
The spectators availed themselves of
that peculiar privilege, enjoyed by people
the world over, of disagreeing with the
referee, umpire or judge appointed to
pass upon competitions between men,
horses or dogs. bettors are especially
superstitious on this point, and, given the
opportunity, will .Join in any demonstra
tion against an official. They were in the
mood to rebel yesterday, and took excep
tions to a number of Judge Jerome's de
cisions. They gave voice to their dis
pleasure when Plough Boy was given the
decision over Tea Hose. From the stand
it seemed that Tea Rose led up and killed,
A ' no go" between Prince Hal and Golden
Rule, and another between Luxor and
Wild Tralee also excited their ire.
Arthur Massey again proved clever with
the "slips," but in the -Luxor- Tralee
course the fates were against him. Luxor
and Wild Tralee left his hands together
and ran across the Held neck and neck.
The spectators were applauding the close
running of the dogs when some sharp
eyed individual discovered that the
"slips" had broken at the handle. The
dogs were securely fastened together.
They were given a rest and then
"slipped" again. This time they ran un
sighted. As though this was not enough,
the third time the flags signaled an
"undecided," although the amateur judgta
in the stand thought Luxor bad won. At
the fourth attempt Wild Tralee led and
defeated the San Jose crack.
For a time James Dean's great dog Con- |
nemara looked like the stake winner. He >
met Thornhill in the third round. He i
made several attempts to kill the hare,
■which finally gave the dogs a desperate
course. Connemara succumbed to Cash
in the next round. In the second round
Dean's Gladiator met Minneola. Gladi
ator became entangled In the "slips" and i
lost any chance he may have had.
The last two courses were run in the
dusk, and the management deemed it ad
visable to postpone the final course rather
than spoil what gives promise of being a
good contest. The running of the dogs I
yesterday resulted as follows:
Consolation stake— Diamond Kennels' Lady
Blanche (a bye); Connell Bros." Senorlta beat
Daly *; Slebeln'a Gypsy; E. M. Kfllogg's Sweet
Emma beat T. J. Harrington's Beau Peep; E.
D. Fallows Lily of the West beat S. C.
Foulkes" Rowena; J. L O'Brien's Statesman
beat Watson & Lawlor"s Richmond 1.-cad; T.
J Sulllvan'B Rubicon beat O. J. Olson's Sun
burst; D. O'Connell's Satan (a bye); F. C.
Mack's Valley Forgo beat F. Murphy's Gilt
Edge.
Second round— Benorlta beat I-ady Blanche;
Sweet Emma beat Lily of the West; Statesman
beat Rubicon; Satan beat Valley Forge. Re
maining round not run.
Open stake— R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda beat
G. Abercrombte's Victor King; Diamond Ken
nels' Silence beat O. Abercromble's Irma; E.
M. Kellosg's Kid McCoy beat F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush; G. Abercrombie'a Miss Richmond
was beaten by Curtis & Son's Narcissus;
Murphy A Toland'9 Tea Rose beat J. P.
Thrift's St. Michael; P. J. Hellly's Plough
Boy beat N. I. Whiting's St. Anthony; Curtis
& Son's Cash beat H. F. Anderson's Crawford
Lid; D. Shannon's Soubrette beat Handy &
Smith's Petronlus; N. P. Whiting's Minneola
beat C. B. Staekpole'a Whltehead; J. Dean's
Gladiator beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill; Lowe
& Thompson's Prince Hal brat J. O'Shea's
Golden Rule; Murphy & Toland's Pleasant Girl
beat J. Dean's Gallant; R. K. de B." Lopez's
Arrow beat Curtis & Son's The Fran; Curtis
& Son's Luxor beat D. Shannon's Safeguard;
J Dean's Connemara beat Curtis & Son's Bea
con; Daly &. Slebein's Shylock Boy beat Sterl
& Knowles" Frosty Morn; J. Keenan's Black
lock beat J. L. Ross' Jessica: J. H. Perlgo's
Boh* beat J. J. Edmond'a Morning Glory: T. J.
Cronln's Wild Tralee beat J. Bradshaw's En
terprise; T. J. Cronln's Thomhlll beat Con
nell Bros.' Log Boy.
Second round— Wanda beat Silence; Kid Mc-
Coy boat Narcissus; Plough Boy beat Tea Rose;
Cash beat Soubrette; Minneola beat Gladiator;
Prince Hal beat Pleasant Girl; Luxor beat Ar
row; Connemara beat Shvlock Boy; Wild Tra
lee beat Blacklock; Thornhill beat Bohe. .
Third round— Narcissus beat Wanda: Cash
beat Plough Boy: Minneola beat Prince Hal;
Wild Tralee beat Luxor; Connemara beat
Thornhill. ' ■ ■ ■
Fourth Minneola beat Narcissus;
Cash beat Connemara; Wild Tralee, (a bye).
Fifth round— Cash beat Wild Tralee; Mln
neoia (a bye). Final not run. v. : . U ...-,' ■':
.■■- - i ,
INGLESIDE COURSING.
The Non-Wlnnera stake was won yes
terday at the Ingleside Coursing Park by
O X Capitol, owned by James Hurley.
J. Byrnes' black and white dog Olympus
was runner-up. Benlcia Boy ran well and
won third money, and had he been In bet
ter condition would without doubt have
given the winner a hard run In the final.
The favorites won nearly all the courses
throughout the day, the best short-ender
being Tod Sloan, who defeated Maid of
Bail at odds of 2 to 1. The results of the
day were as follows:
Non-winners' open stake: First round—T.
Rogers' Olga beat A. J. Moore's Decency;
James Hurley's O X Capitol beat J. Byrnes'
Eleven Spot; E. Baumeister's Winning Ways
beat C. Aiken'B Eernlce; Murphy & Toland's
Twilight Jr. beat \V. t'. Glaason's Terronite;
Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson beat \V. c".
QlaMOfn'l J.,.\ Bells; T. Sullivan's Maid
of the Hill beat R. J. Julinn's Sweet
Music; K. Tlernan's Hadiwiet beat R. J.
Julian's Signal; E. M. Kellogg-'s lowa
Girl beat Handy & Smith's Magic; F. F.
Chamber's Rocklln P.elle beat M. Mlchalek's
Kerry tiow; D. Ford's Anita b»at E. M. Kd
logg*a Hummer; Allen & Wilson's Chioaf?o
Boy beat T. j. McHugh's Empress; P. M
Clarkson'a Black Hawk beat Kay & Tram's
Chrl=tma.« Day; E. Baume!?ter s Warrior beat
James Morton's J,a Golita; T. J. McHugh's
Maid Of the Mill beat J. O'Dowl's Clifton
Lass; J. Byrnes' Olympus beat George Bur
felnd's Pastime; D. Ford's Juanlta beat Handy
& .Smith's Victor; W. 1,. Trade's Wandering
Tom beat D. Ford's Bonlta: D. Dowd'a Sarcas
tic beat James Byrnes' Nellie B; J. Sheridan's
Forest Queen beat T. Logan's M!=f Grizzle;
J. Parley's Cash Day beat Kay & Trant'R
Crosspatch; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat C K.
Wiley's Gaslight; T. J. Cronln's Mai.i of Ball
beat Q. H. Lahnsen's Fireball; J. Mailer's
Benlcia Boy beat H. Allen's Miss Lois.
Second Round—O X Cai.itol beat Olga; Win
ning Ways beft Twilight; Jennie Wilson beat
Maid of the Hill; lows Boy beat Hadlwlat;
RiK-klin Helle beat Anita; Chicago Boy heat
Black Hawk; Warrior l-at Maid of the Mill;
Olympus bi?at Juanlta: Wtinderinpr Turn )v»at
Sarcastic; Fore.st Quc-n ran a bye on account
of Cash Day being withdrawn; Tod Sloan !»-at
Maid nf Bail; Benicla Boy ran a bye.
Third round- () X Capitol Mat Winning
Ways; lowa Boy beat Jennie Wilson; Chicago
Boy beat Rocklln Belle; Olympus beat Warrior;
Forest Queen beat Wandering Tom; Ben'.cta
Boy tiPHt Tod Sloan.
Fourth round—O X Capitol beat lowa Boy;
Olympus beat Chicago Boy; Benicla Boy beat
Forest Que<-n.
Fifth round-O X Capitol beat Benlcia Boy;
Olympus a bye.
Final—O X Capitol beat Olympus.
UNION PARK COURSING.
An open and a puppy stake provided a
gooil day's coursing at Union Park yes
terday. In the puppy stake Lande &
Gerber's Rienzi and Mount Ida, both by
Sir Hugo-Lady Thorndyke. and whelped
In July of last year, divided first and
second money.
The open stake went to Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Lady Emma, who beat Theron
for the finaL
Firm Friend was drawn from the stake
because of the severe course he had on
Saturday, It being necessary to release an
extra dog at the end of three minutes, and
not at the end of two minutes, as stated.
The day was all that could be desired
for coursing, and the hares ran strongly.
Judgt- Grace was compelled to change
horses three times to keep close to the
dogs. The running in detail follows:
Puppy atake, second round— G. Buehn's Mono
gram beat J. Fitzgerald's Fair Lillie: K. W.
Fariiiur s Moonstone beat Bartels Bros.' Ball
room Belle; J. McGrath's Blower beat George
Pinto' s Glad Hand; Jeff Martinet fs .Sally Brass
beat George Plnti/s Mischief; Lunde & Gerber's
Mount Ida beat Jeff Martinett'a Buxton; Cur
tis & Son's Flying Fox beat Aeneld Kennels'
Aeneas; P. J. McCabes Craig ikiy beat Her
z.% & Davidson's Pirate; L,. I^lnehan's Racine
beat J. Holloway's Brian Boru; P. J. McCabe's
Sky Blue beat James Dean's Glide; F. C.
Mack's Delia M beat J. McGrath's Red Rose;
Lande & Gerber's Rienzi beat J. Xeary'a
Touchepas; R. Strehl's Threes Cheers beat Bar
tels Bros.' Border's Best; R. K. de B. Lopez'
Peplta beat William Cairn's Imperial; George
Lahueen's Firefly beat Aeneid Kennels' Apollo.
Third round — Monogram beat Moonstone;
Sally Brass beat Blower; Mount Ida beat Fly-
Ing Fox: Racine beat Craig Boy; Sky Blue
beat Delia M; Rienzi beat Three Cheers; Pe
plta beat Firefly.
Fourth round -Monogram beat Sally Brass;
Mount Ida beat Racine; Rienzi beat Sky
Blue; Peplta ran a bye with Red Rose.
Fifth round— Mount Ida beat Monogram;
Rienzi beat Peuita. Winners divided stake.
as they are owned by same kennel.
Open stake, second round — M. Miehaelek's
Glen Roy beat J. Kennedy's Wine West; E<l
Kvatt'6 Hurricane beat R. E. de B. Lopez'
Sara: Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn beat J.
Pickson's Black Bess; Russell, Allen & Wil
son's L*dy Emma beat R. E. de B. I»pez'
Green Valley Maid; J. Mooney's Silent Treas
ure beat Pasha Kennels' Royal Anno after an
undecided; Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat
Sterl & Knowles' Amarosa; Curtis & Son's
Commodore beat A. I* Austin's Firm Foe;
W. M. Healey's Skylight beat J. E. Cone' a
Red Glen; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat H. H.
Gray's Bona; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore beat
P. J Healey's Maori Land: Curtis & Son's Me-
Klnley beat J. H. Smith's Merced; George
Whitney's Theron beat Pasha Kennels' Random
Aim; E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron beat Pasha
Kennels' Rest Asxured. after an undecided;
Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend wns withdrawn.
Third round— Glen Roy beat Hurricane; Lady
Emma beat Nellie Bawn: <"n.valler beat Silent
Treasure; Commodore beat Skylight; Ever
Shore beat Mose; Theron beat McKinley: Firm
Friend was withdrawn and Lord Byron secured
an accidental bye.
Fourth round— Lady Emma beat Glenroy;
Cavalier beat Ever Shore; Theron beat Com
modore; I/ord Byron ran a natural bye.
Fifth round— l-ady Emma beat Cavalier;
Theron beat Ixtrd Byron,
Final— Lady Emma beat Theron.
T. H. Rosseter. owner of Emln Pasha,
advanced yesterday one step nearer his
cherished ambition of winning the Water
loo cup. His black dog won the Ameri
can Waterloo at Dallas, Tex., while
Metallic, another representative of his
kennels, won the consolation, known as
the "plate." Mr. Rosseter entertained a
number of coursing friends at dinner last
night, when the victory of his great dog
was duly celebrated. Among his guests
were: Judge John Grace James Grace,
Robert Malcolm. George Malcolm, I. P.
Halton. J. M. llalton. Peer Tiffany, Doug
las Erskine and others.
Coursing at Stockton.
STOCKTON, Oct. 22.— 1n spite of bad
weather, there was a fair afternoon's
sport at Goodwater Grove this afternoon
under the auspices of the Interior Club.
Rough Rider beat Little Cripple; Risky At
tempt beat Sweet Briar; Miss ''Skyball beat
Wanderer; Newsboy beat Lena X; St. Elmo
beat Bounding Belle; White Diamond beat
Lady Van; Happy Bute beat Forget Me Not;
Beauty beat Earle I Import ; Bounding Belle
beat Magnetto: Sunbeam beat Pocahnntas;
Fashion I'late beat Still Tune; Prince of Fash
lon beat Woodbine: Sharkey bent Olympta;
Duty beat Arno; Pat Molloy beat Ring*
Around Sunolite beat Leonldas (imported);
Better Than Gold beat nick 1,. Nonpareil beat
Quiver; Moloch beat Persimmons.
First Rough Rider beat Risky At
tempt: Sweet Briar beat Skyball: St. Elmo beat
Newsboy; Happy Bute beat White Diamond;
Magnetto beat Beauty: Fashion Plate beat
Sunbeam; Sharkey beat Prlnc* Fashion; Duty
beat Pat Molloy; Better than Sold beat Sunol
ite; Nonpareil beat Moloch.
Second ties— Rough Rider beat Sweet Briar:
Happy Bute beat St. Elmo; Magnetto beat
Newsboy Duty beat Sharkey; Nonpareil beat
Better than Gold.
Third tits — Happy Bute beat Rough Rider;
Duty beat Magnetto: Dick L beat Nonpareil.
Fourth ties— Nonpareil beat Happy Bute;
Duty a bye.
Final— Nonpareil beat Duty.
DALLAS COURSING MEET.
In the Finals Emm Pasha Divided
Honors With May Que«n.
DAT,LAS, Texas, Oct. 22.— The coursing
events held at the State Fair grounds
were only fair. Thousands witnessed the
sport. Results:
Semi-finals for American Waterloo cup—
Kmtn Pasha beat Sir Guy; May Queen ran a
bye
Final for cvp — F-mln Pasha and May Queen
divided first and second honors.
American Waterloo purse- Black Beauty beat
Beer Brewer; kittle Van ran a bye.
Final for purse— Little Van beat Black
Beauty.
American Coursing derby — Coquette was
drawn, and Rustic Beauty and High Jinks di
vided first and second moneys.
American Waterloo plate for dogs beaten in
the second round for the cup— lmp. Temple beat
Imp. Metallic; Silver Wings ran a bye.
Final— Imp. Temple beat Silver Wings.
Consolation stakes — Stonehenge beat Van
Natta; Pat beat Ornament; CottonwooU Belle
beat May: Phoebe beat White Tips; Tonka wa
beat Lady Roger; Ariadne beat The Wizard;
Little Fullerton beat Hen Hur; White Face
beat Farewell; Hamburg beat The Deacon;
Flsberton beat Little Lady.
First ties— Pat beat Stonehenge; Phoebe beat
Cottonwood Belle; Tonkawa beat Ariadne-
White Face beat Fullerton; Fi6herton beat
Hamburg. *
Second ties— E«t beat Phoebe; White Face and
Tonkawa ran an undecided course; Fisherton
ran a bye.
Final— Pat, Tonkawa, White Face and Fish
erton were drawn and divided flrsj, second and
third moneys.
This brings the meet to a close. It has been
a very successful and popular meet because of
the gocd showing made by Texas dogs.
Breaks Thousand-Mile Record.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22. — William H.
Brown, who has been endeavoring since
Thursday morning to break the thousand
mile road record, completed his task at
7:05 to-night. The ten centuries, which
were ridden over a triangular course near
Valley Stream, L. L, were made In about
84 hours, seven hours ahead of the pre
vious record. Brown finished in good con
dition.
DEFER GOLF HANDICAPS.
Many Improvements to Be Made on
the San Rafael Links.
The fortnightly tournament which was
to have been held on Saturday on the
links of the San Rafael Golf Club was not
played on account of the doubtful state
of the weather. The men's handicap and
the ladies' handicap will be played next
Saturlay. The first prize for the men's
handicap Is a large stein with a metal
cover and the second prize a slightly
smaller one without a cover. The first
and second prizes for the ladles' handicap
are three-handled loving-cups of glazed
ware.
The council of the San Rafael Golt
Club has made an appropriation for the
purpose of putting the links into first
class order. The ground will be broken
up and sown with gra^s seed. A fully
turfed course of an average width of
about 250 feet will be made and it is in
tended to have the complete eighteen
hole course in fine condition for next
season. The ditches which intersect the
course will be put into playable order by
breaking down the sides and putting
pipes in to carry off the water. Arrange
ments are in progress to nrocure a heavy
stone roller to pass over The course. The
work of preparing the ground for sowing
will begin to-day.
FLAGS AT HALF-MAST.
Yachtsmen Show Sorrow at Commo
dore Hill's Bereavement.
The fleet of the San Francisco Yaoht
Club lay at anchor yesterday with flags
at half-mast out of respect for the mem
ory of Mrs. Hill, mother of Commodore
T. L. Hill. Mrs. Hill, who had been living
In the house of E. C. Bartlett. secretary
of the San Francisco Yacht Club, on Wa
ter street, Sausalit,o, died on Saturday
from disease of the heart. The recep
tion, dance and entertainment that were
to have been given in the San Francisco's
clubhouse on Saturday evening to mark
the close of the yachting season were de
clared off from a desire on the part of
the members and officers of the club to
show their sympathy with Commodore
Hill in his bereavement.
WAS TAUGHT A TRICK
AND LOST HIS MONEY
Henry Carlstatt Confided in Two
Strangers and Parted With His
Hard-Earned Wealth.
Henry Carlstatt, a waiter, reported to
the police last night that he had been
robbed of $40 in a Fourth-street saloon.
According to his story h*e was drinking in
the saloon when two strangers accosted
him and asked him to treat them. After
buying several rounds of drinks one of
the men asked Carlstatt to let him have
some money with which to do a trick.
Carlstatt foolishly took out two $20 bills
and passed them to the stranger. The
latter placed the bills in an empty glass
which was on the counter, aft»r telling
Carlstatt that he intended to make them
disappear. Carlstatt became Interested
in the so-called trick and offered to bet
the drinks that the stranger could not do
the act. The next moment he received a
blow on the jaw which almost knocked
him out. When he regained his feet th«;
two strangers were ixov.t: and with them.;
his hard-earned money. J
Carlstatt has given a good description!
of the men to the police and to-day efforts
will be made to apprehend them.
The Typos' President.
Samuel B. Donnelly, president of the
International Typographical Union, was
royally entertained at a banquet given
In his honor by the union at the Cali
fornia Hotel yesterday evening. An elab
orate menu was disposed of with much
satisfaction and merriment. Many toasts
\Y'-re responded to and the pleasant even- x <
ing passed rapidly away. An excursion,
giving President Donnelly an opportu
nity to view the various points of interest
around the bay, will leave the Howard
street wharf at 9 o'clock this morning.
ARRIVED JUST IN TIME
TO GREET HIS SOLDIERS
GOVERNOR LESLIE M. SHAW, IOWA'S ABLE EXECUTIVE.
GOVERNOR LESLIE M. SHAW. lowa's distinguished executive, arrived on
the belated overland last evening and went at once to the Occidental He
has been expected for several days by the lowa delegation which nreceded
him to, this city, but official business so delayed his departure from home
that the boys he came to receive arrived before him. The object of the
Governor's visit is to see the heroes who have suffered so much i
holding the dignity of their flag and honor of their State, and to do all that ™v
He in his power to make the interval that must elapse before they are mustered
out pass as pleasantly and as comfortably as possible. " usiereu
In 'regard to the reception the boys will get when they arrive at thf.tr *,««,»«
nothing has been definitely determined upon. lowa is proud of her ho 1 n
show her gratitude in a way that will leave nothing to be desired But th #
of expressing that gratitude will not be positively settled until'thA rL *l°^
selves have been given an opportunity to let their wishes In the matter n°^'
In all likelihood the transportaton from this State to lowa 71, * kn0 Vl
the lowa people and the soldiers will be carried to their homes withomTeiS
forced to incur any personal expense in order to join he 1o? p without being
anxiously waiting to -receive them. Their Governor has «iarant£rt°th 8 ° "**
of their transportation pending the legislative appropriation hv hi £ payment
there is no doubt that that appropriation will be cheerfully marl btate > and
Upon arriving at the -Oakland mole the gubernatorial nirtv »
tug and taken out to where the transport was riding at hL o i as met by a
time was passed in the exchange of greetings making thfhoSr v£ where 80me
before the tired visitor got a chance to seek rest In 8 apartment ot fi^totiL
Sast
MORRISSEY
AND MAY W
WILL MEET
Only Starters in the Mile
Event at Oakland To- Day.
Other Entries.
All interest in the racing at Oakland
this afternoon will be centered in the
meeting of May W and Pat Morrissey in
the mile event. The track will be heavy,
and as Morrissey is a notorious mud lark
he will have a* strong following. Two
years ago at Oakland the Calgary mars
defeated a field of fast ones over a mile
in slushy going, among them Buck
Massie. In the overnight betting she
j ruled a 7 to 10 favorite, with the Burns
: A Waterhouse horse in good demand at
1 X to .. .Many labor under the delusion
I that it is a match race. It is an over
i night event, the owners of other horses
eligible declining the issue. The race i 3
I the talk of the town and should attract
; a large attendance.
The entries are as follows:
First race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; sell
ing:
... Jpnnle Riley.... 97' ... Allanette 95
(172) Daniel l"0 1 194) Alee 104
194 Guiidara 98 ... Rio Shannon 103
21 Calcuin 92 Kickumbob ...103
IS3 Druldess
Second race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling;:
WE P. A. Flnnegan.lol 185 Wyoming 104
(IS9) Lavator 98 (174) Faversham 95
Third race— Mile; three-year-olds and upward:
(155) Pat Morrissey.. 109 (149) May W 102
Fourth race — Ttoree-fourtha of a mile: threa
year-olds and upward; selling:
(IGS) Formella 109 < 192 Katie Gibbons.. lo4
193 Rio Chlco 104 ! 16:) Term. Maid 103
184 Master Lee 9S IS2 Major Cook 103
17S Montallade 10»| ISB Modwena 10*
191 Tourist II 98| ISO Castake 103
Fifth race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling:
VK Horton 106 151 February K>2
."6 Mafada 10", 196 Sorrow 107
192 Silver Maid 102 (169) I Don't Kn0w. .107
(156) Imperious ......107 165 High Hoe 102
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Alee, Druldess, Kickumbob.
Second race— Lavator, Wyoming 1 , Faversham.
Third race— May W.
Fourth race — Modwena, Rio Chlco, Major
Cook.
Fifth race— Horton, Imperious, Sorrow.
PATRONAL FESTIVAL.
Solemn High Mass Is Celebrated at
the Church of Notre Dame.
The feast of Our Lady of Victories, the
patron saint of the brothers of the So
! clety of Mary, was beautifully commern
' orated at the Church of Notre Dame,
: Bush and Stockton streets, yesterday.
I The edifice was crowded with worshipers
I and throughout the church French and
| American flags were hung. The sanctu
ary was transformed with waving green
palms and handsome banners, and the
altar was tastefully decked in white
flowers and evergreens.
Solemn high mass was celebrated at 11
o'clock. Father J. Guibert, S. M., acting
I as celebrant. Father Jean, S. S. C. C, as
j deacon, and Father Roman, S. M., as sub
!»deacon. The music was furnished by tha
f regular choir, under the direction of A.
% Artigues, the organist.
<L Father A. Hamet preached the sermon.
He spoke of the love of the blessed virgin
for France, and the love of the French
; people for the blessed virgin. He gave
I many illustrations of this from tha
history of the French nation. In con
clusion he said:
"The French people should be as de
voted to the blessed virgin as their
: fathers. The Holy mother has been the
; foundation of the French nation. In
France's present trouble she will save
j the nation. Through her, France has al-
I ways been the instrument of God in this
{..world and the cause of Justice."
At the evening services the sodality of
; the Children of Mary sang hymns of th»
benediction and French anthems in honor
of Our Lady of Victories. Father Hamet
i preaohed the evening sermon.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CHARACTER AS
THE IDEAL OF
TRUE EDUCATION
President Wheeler in
the Pulpit.
Okland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Oct. 22.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the State Uni
versity, in his sermon this morning at the
First Presbyterian Church,, sounded the
keynote of his hopes and ambitions for
the young men and women that will go
out from Berkeley luring his presidency.
It was that they should not enter upon
their life duties burdened with a tangle
of facts and figures and believing that In
the parrot-like knowledge of such lists
v.nd dates they were educated, but in the
possession of that best of knowledge that
is attained through contact with strong
personalities. Coming from the head of
an institution where text-book knowledge
is th« criterion by which students are for
the most part judged, the address was of
special interest."
"As we look tack over our years of
school and college life." said President
"Wheeler, we see nothing but a tangle
of facts in the tangle or subjects of a
tangle of courses. We have forgotten
most of those facts, subjects and courses.
It is well for us that we have. What we
have letained is what we got from the
lives of our teachers and instructors.
Their lives went into ours. It was a con
ierring of life, a true imparting of educa
tion. The convincing power of personality
was everything. To those who teach I
v.ould say: Be not discouraged when
those who sit before you seem not to have
learned as much as you assigned to them.
No man can tell what of his character
has gone over to his pupil, and this idea
of character and not books should be his
paramount thought.
"Teachers, give to your pupils the best
of your life. In being true to yourself
they receive the truth. Belief, I repeat,
is more than books. And remember that
nothing goes over to the pupil but that
which Js warm and liquid— like blood.
Things must come alive, full of life and
lire. Dead facts will not help us. Not
learning of that kind, but personality and
its knowledge-laden power."
Dr. Wheeler tool: as the subject of his
discourse the "Ideal of Education," and
to aid him the Gospel according to St.
John. He showed that Christ, coming
into the world as a light repelled by the
darkness within, filtered slowly into the
hearts of men "as the sunlight through
the chinks of a wall." And Christ's doc
trines gained their force by permeating
the hearts of men, needing no books, no
scribes; no church, no institution of any
kind to become at la^t the religion of
mankind. In this living of Christ's per
sonality in the hearts and lives of men
lie likened the paining by pupils of truth
ur.'l living knowledge from their instruc
tors.
PRESIDENT GILMAN
COMES TO-MORROW
Will Deliver the Address at the In- '
ration of President Wheeler
of the University.
LKELEY, Oct. -President Gil
man of Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more, will reach San Francisco to-mor
row evening on the overland train. Presi-
OeM Gilman was at one t!me the head of
the faculty at Berkeley and his visit to
the coast now is to deliver the address
at the public inauguration of President
Benjamin Icie Wheeler of the University
of California next Wednesday afternoon.
The distinguished visitor will stay at the
Palace Hotel Monday evening. On Tues
day he will come over to the university
tinvn a? the guest of President Wheeler,
remaining at President Wheeler's resi
dence fur the remainder of his stay here.
The details of the inaugural ceremony
to be held next Wednesday are prac
tically complete. If the weather la favor
ablf- the exercises will be eld In the
open air upon the university cinder tract. I
A large platform is to be erected in the !
center of the oval, with Beating arrange
ments on the sides. At 2 o'clock a pro
cession will be formed at one of the col- {
lege buildings, consisting of the members .
or the board of regents, of the faculty, |
student body and the guests of the oc- j
casion. With academic impressivenesa
the procession will march to the cinder !
track, there to go through the ceremonies !
which are to make President Wheeler j
formally the head of the State University, i
President David Starr Jordan of Stan- j
ford will be among the speakers of the
Should the weather prove unfavorable
the exercises will be held in Harmon ;
gymnasium, upon tne college campus. I
The ord'T of exercises will be the same i
with the exception of the procession of
the faculty.
DR. LAW WAS THERE.
Strangers Expected Trouble at the
Church of the Advent.
Kl..\.\'l>, Oct. 22 Those who cx
l the Church of
idvent In I I to-day, on
■ Li shall Law's de
arth at the old
The vestry had
Bi An
to preach the morning
he did. Rev. Vr. Law oc
, us seat on the rostrum
irprtse of the few who at
,, : . : : in the .--ervices.
Dr. Law also an
there would be services this
which occasion he read a
a book. There was no
"Though we requested Rev. Pr. Law not
■ services to-day," said
Ight, "he ignored the
try. Though we knew
ition i>'galiy does not take
: we felt that
ich or take
who attended church
who had come to
pen."
■ m •
Colleee Minstrels
BERKELEY. Oct. 22.-The Minstrel As-
Eociatlon of the University of California,
which has recently been placed under the
control of the Associated Students of the
university, will hold Ha opening enter
tainment next Tuc-sday evening In Shat
tuck Hall. The performance will be in
the nature of a minstrel show and the
college men are making elaborate prepa
rations to have the thing go off success
fully. All the parts of .the Minstrel As
sociation, Including the' glee dubs and
the banjo, mandolin and guitar clubs, are
on the programme. Schwartz and Nahl
will act as ondmen. Joe Rlsboroubb,
Elmei Harris Richard Tully and other
university men well known among the
college stu<lenis for specialties, will also
take part.
FUNERAL OF JOHN WOOLL.
An Old Californian Interred at Cy
press Lawn Cemetery.
The funeral services over the remains
of the late John Wooll were held yester
day afternoon at the family residence
1312 California street. Dr. Worcester of
the Swedenborgian Church conducted w.e
services and appropriate selections were
sting by Clarence Wendell's quartet Ihe
remains were Interred at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
John Wooll. who was 71 years of age at
the time of his death, was one of the best
known real estate men in San Francisco
A native of England, he came to Cali
fornia in the pioneer days. He was for
many years the agent of the Lankershim
estate, conducting among its other in
terests the Metropolitan Temple". Mr
Wool! was also a prominent member of
the Art Institute. He was at cr-e time
associated with Gump & Co.
Hit With a Cobblestone.
Edward Garrlgan, a marine fireman,
was arrested at an early hour yesterday
morning by Policemen Say and Hobll on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
He and William Hyde quarreled 'in
Sweeney's saloon, Second and Minna
streets, and Garrigan, going outside, pro
cured a cobblestone and struck Hyde on- 1
the face with it. I
DAVIE STARTS A NEW
FERRY FREIGHT FIGHT
OAKLAND, Oct. 22.— T0-morrow morning will witness the Inauguration of
a new freight ferry opposition to the Southern Pacific. Ex-Mayor John
L. Davie. who, with his Davie Freight and Transportation Company,
so long and successfully encroached upon the preserves of Collis P.
Huntingdon, will again shine In the role of champion of opposition and lower
rates.
Mr. Davie had two partners in his freight and transportation company-
Messrs. Roland an>l Johnson. Hugh Dimond, a Frultvale capitalist, how
ever, bought into the old company ainl the records of the Custom-house now
show that he is the sole owner. The old name which Davie gave his oppo
sition company was retained until last Friday, when the Davie signs were
removed from the old stern-wheeler and from the v.-harves at the terminals.
Not to be outdone Mr. Davie will start his new opposition to-morrow
morning, placing the steamer Emma in commission at once and running from
the Clay-street wharf. Ho declares he is at a total loss to understand or as
cribe a reason why Hugh Dimond entered into the freight service business,
but he promises sharp competition that may make the waters troubled for
;i spell.
UNITARIANS OF
OAKLAND SECURE
B. FAY MILLS
The Divine to Remain
Till Spring.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 22.
Rev. B. Fay Mills, the well-known Uni
tarian divine, lately from Boston, occu
pied the pulpit of the First Unitarian
Church to-day, and it is stated on most
r>-iiable authority that the trustees of the
Unitarian church of this city have pre-
I upon him to occupy the pulpit
every Sunday from now until next spring,
j. T. Sunderland having recently re
signed.
•'The Coming Church" was the subject
of Rev. Mr. Milla' discourse to-day. The
spirit of his sermon was in the main a
definition in detail of Theodore Paxkers
statement of Christianity— that it is a life
to be lived; not a dogma to be preached.
The coming church in the view of Rev.
Mr. Mills is to be simply a preservation
of all that is best in the church that has
md the application of it in a broader
sense to the service of man.
The congregation this morning filled
every seat in the church, and the sermon,
both in matter and manner of delivery,
d to be very satisfactory. Rev. Mr.
Mills left on this afternoons train to
preach for Rev. Robert Wilcox in the
n Sacramento, the occa
-1 eing the fiftieth anniversary of his
church— the First Congregational. Rev.
Mr. Mills is also Invited to preach in one
of the Congregational church'-.s of this
city, and in view of his positive Identifi
cation with the Unitarian body the>
es of kindly feeling on the part of
orthodox ministers and people may be ac-
I as a tribute to his genius as a
preacher and his honesty as a Christian
man.
liuring the past two years Rev. Mr.
, Mills has gathered about him in Boston
ry large congregation, quitf inde
pendent and not backed by the Unitarians
Blastically. There his meeting
held in t:> j very fashionable Hollis-street
Theater, an historic edifice as well, that
during colonia! lutlonary times
irr^gational church, but became
■ the t ■ ration
and as such wai d by Starr King
before he came to California.
ITS LAST PARADE.
I The Twenty-Eighth Makes Its Fare
well Appearance at the Presidio.
After rain enough to lay the dust ami
sun enough to dry the mud. the Presidio
I was an attractive place yesterday, and
j a good part of the city testified its ap
j preciation by going out there. There was
, not much to pee besides the hills beyond
. the bay and the bay Itself, but the
j Twenty-eighth Regiment did what it
[ could to add to the attractions. Its last
! dress parade was held on the Inner pa
i rade ground during the afternoon and
| hundreds of people stood around and
I looked on. seeing nothing differentjfrom
the two dozen other parades the regi
ment has given on the same ground. It
was the final appearance of the Twenty
eighth, however, for this morning it will
march down to the wharf and by to
morrow evening it will be on its way to
Manila.
Mrs. Collins, widow of Captain Collins,
late of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, died
at the residence of Captain Brett at the
Presidio yesterday. The death of Mrs.
Collins was hastened by the news of the
death of her husband at Cebu, which
reached her just as Fhe was taking the
steamer for this port at Manila. She
was much prostrated by the news and
never fully recovered from It. She will
be buried at the Presidio to-day.
There was a game of ball on the drill
ground in front of the brick barracks yes-
I terday afternoon, not very close as to
score" but quite interesting as to play.
One of the nines was from the two com
panies of the Forty-third Regiment, be
ing recruited at the Presidio; and the
other was picked up from among the
1 men from the various organizations at
i the post. The ' men of the Forty-third
. won by a score of 13 to 5 after a game
of five" innings. The nines were made up
as follows: Forty -third — Hahrman,
i catcher; Wilson, pitcher. Leverson. second
base; Anderson, shortstop; Morton, third
[ base; Churchill, center field; Acevedo,
! right field; Clinton, left field. Post nine—
: Hermann, catcher; Gleason. pitcher. Nor-
I ton, first base; Raub. second base; Boyce,
■ third base; H«*rsiand»-r. shortstop; Olds,
center field; Gassal, right field, and Wade,
left field.
Fifteen patients from the transport
Senator were received at the general hos
. pital at the Presidio yesterday, five of
them being litter patients. They were
taken to the post on the steamer Mc-
Dowell and all the available ambulances
were sent down to the wharf for their
j accommodation. ■■• ■
DANISH FOLKS' OUTING.
Riding Tournament and Picnic__a^
Shell Mound Park.
The first picnic and riding tournament
i of the lodges of the Danish Benevolent
Society was held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. Fully 60v people took part.
The principal event was the riding
tournament, several horsemen entering in
1 the race around the track. The winners
we're: First prize, Jls. Alfred Johnson;
.j $10, N. Fugel: third. $5, T. Ander
soD. There were also dancing and bowl-
The outing was under the direction of
the following committees:
Arrangements— .X. H. Larsen, president;
J <■ Hansen, secretary; H. C. Herman
sen, treasurer; L. Kjar. C. Tecker, T.
Jensen.
Floor manager, C. Tecker.
Floor- Mr I'aulsen, Mr. Paaskesen. D.
Andker, N. Fugel. A. Stockholm. C. Lau
_ _ _'
i: Muling— T. Jensen. J. C. Hansen, John
Andersen. C. Jorgensen.
Tournament— A. Andr^asen. S. Nielsen,
T Jensen C Tecker. FT. C. Hermansen.
Theosophy and Shakespeare.
The Universal Brotherhood of the The
oßophical Society held its regular weekly
meeting last evening in the hall of the
Academy of Sciences building. The sub
ject was "Theosophy and Shakespearr-. 1
and the lecture was delivered by Alfred
Robinson, who gave a most interesting
address. At the conclusion of Mr, Rob
inson's talk th» meeting rook an informal
character and a general discussion of the
subject ensued. There will be a special
mooting on Tuesday evening next for the
benefit of the Cuban relief fund, at which
no admission will bo charged.
Davis Club Organized.
Republican voters of the Fortieth As
sembly District met Saturday night at
Bear Club Hall and organized a Horace
Davis Club. John T. Williams was elect
ed president and Leon K. Prescott secre
tary. The next meeting of the club will
be held at Flugger's Hall, corner of
HIE Sa:N t IBAJS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1899]
Point Lobos and First avenues, on next
Tuesday night.
SENATOR'S NEPHEW MISSING.
Chief Lees Asked to Locate Laird
Campbell Shoup.
Mrs. B. Shoup Barton, better known
as "Mother" Barton, of Seattle, a mis-'
sionary and evangelist of the Church of
God, has written Chief Lees begging him
to assist her in the search for her only
son, Laird Campbell Shoup, who disap
peared from his home in June. 1898. Every
effort has been made to find the boy
without success, and his uncle. Senator
bnoup of Idaho, Is now in Alaska pros
ecuting the search. His aunt, Mrs. James
Glendiiiningr, wife of the ex-Mayor of Salt
Lake City, and others have also been
abouts tr >' ln S locate his where-
Laird Shoup is now about 19 years of
age, fair complexion, blue eyes, brown
hair, .-lender build and of medium height
It is Bupposed that he is either in this
State or m Manila. Mrs. Barton lived
n this city for several years prior to go
ing to beat tie two years ago where sht>
married. Bishop J. D. Bafton, and thi
ucati r o e nTere. the prinClpal Part ° f hls ed "
TRIAL OF THE FEUDISTS.
Governor Bradley Holds Troops in
Readiness to Preserve Order.
LONDON. Ky.. Oct. 22.— The Clay Coun
ty Circuit Court opens to-morrow at Man
chester. The five feudists-Eddy and
Floyd Chadwell and Sol, Jim and Tom
Griffin-will be tried for the killing of
Deputy ash Thacker of the Philpot fac
tion Governor Rradley has troops in
readiness to go to the protection of the
court immediately upon the request of the
Judge. Since the last term of court
twenty men and one woman have been
ehot and there are only four indictments
GROCERY STORE ROBBED.
Burglars Operate With Success in
the Western Addition.
The grocery store of John H. Schleef, at
the corner of Powell and Jackson streets,
was burglarized early on Saturday morn
ing, and a quantity of goods stolen. The
burglars effected an entrance by tearing
off a screen, which protects a" window,
and then by breaking the window itself.
Festerday tl fficers discovered a i">r
ti-Mi of th» booty in a house in the neigh
borhood, and they expect to soon have
the theives under arr. Bt.
Unknown Found in the Bay.
The body of an unknown was recovered
fp-'m the Lav yesterday evening nff the
Powell-street wharf. It was first believed
t the 1 ody was that of Will Snow, who
■ :ing his X
friends on the transport Tartar. A uum
ber of Snow's friends hurried to the
wharf, but It was found that the body
was not that of the unfortunate news
paper man. It was attired in a brown
plaid coal and vest and dark trousers, it
was about 5 feel 1 • inches in height, clean
shaven and d.'rk hair, and was badly d"-
A boatman reported that he
! another body near Angel island
and a search will be
mad' for it to-day.
Dr. Hutsinpillar Preaches.
Rev. Dr. S. D. Hutsinpillar. who has
to take the place of the eloquent
I>r Charles E. L,ocke of the Central
Methodist Church on Mission street,
yesterday morning his initial bow
t.) his new congregation, again address-
Ing it in tr ■ j. On both occasions
his discourse was purely doctrinal and
of the forcible style for which he has
been noted as a pupit orator. In addi
tion to buing among a strange people Dr.
Hutsinpillar had the misfortune to catch
a cold. These two drawbacks left him
at a little disadvantage in giving his con
etaste of what it may ex
pect in the near future when the learned
divine gets fairly well on his pulpit feet.
Choked a Woman.
Joan Mike, a p»ddler who rooms at the
Philadelphia House, on Hush street, near
Kearny, attempted to choke a woman
named Myrtle Hall last night. The af
iccurred In the would-be strangler's
room. He and the woman have been on
Lte terms for some time, and have I
reled before. Officer Xr-lson arrested
Mike and charged him with assault to
commit murd»-r.
Francis Reilly's Funeral.
Francis J. Rielly, one of the oldest em
ployes of Wells, Fargo & Co., died at his
rice. 15 Rincon place, last Thursday
aft^r a short Illness. The funeral was
held yesterday from the family n-sidence
The remains were interred in St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. The deceased leaves
>w and six children.
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED.
Six-Year-Old Boy Shot by a Play-
mate.
BANTA CRUZ, Oct. 22.-Arnold Roun- I
tree, aged <5 years, died at his home in j
Lare! this morning from the effects of a
wound raused by the accidental discharge
of a rifle in the hands of another bny.
Yesterday afternoon the boys were firing
at a target when the hammer of the older
lad 1 ? rifle refused to give. He commenced
pushing it with his fingers and it suddenly
yielded. The Kill struck Rountree in the ■
abdomen and he died this morning.
DR. HIRSCHFELDER'S FAITH
IN OXYTUBERCULIN FAINT
DR. J. O. HTHBCHFBIjDER of
j oxytuberculin fame returned to
' San Francisco on Sunday last
after an absonce of a year and
a half. Dr. Hirschfelder spent most of
that time in Paris, experimenting at
the Pasteur Institute. The doctor vig
orously denies the rumors of his phys
ical and mental collapse that have
been rife during his absent. He
ascribes these reports to a mistaken
conception of what the Pasteur Insti
tute is— some evidently confounding It
with a sanitarium or asylum.
Dr. Hirschfelder h;is taken his con
sumption cure off the market. He
ceased to furnish his agent with it on
January 1. The stock on hand is ex
hausted, and it is now Impossible to
obtain any of it. The discontinuance
of the sale of oxytuberculin is taken
as a conclusive proof that Dr. Hirsch
felder himself no longer believes that
he has solved the consumption riddle.
The local medical fraternity, which
was up in arms on the subject when
Dr. Hirschfelder first introduced oxy
tuberculin, now generally discredits its
utility. At the time there were strong
factions for and against Dr. Hirsch
felder.
Those who are in a position to know
declare there will be no further at-
tempt to debar him from the County Medical Society. Dr. Hirschfelder will
resume his duties as an instructor at Cooper Medical College.
EARLY RAINS
WILL BENEFIT
ALL INDUSTRIES
State's Prosperity Is
Assured.
— «. —
MINERS AND FARMERS JOYFUL
FOREIGN CAPITAL CERTAIN TO
BE ATTRACTED.
E. R. Lilienthal Foresees Great Pos
sibilities — I. W. Hellman De
clares 1900 Will Be a
Banner Year.
It Is the universal opinion of banking i
and commercial men that the early rains j
which have just visited the State will
prove of incalculable benefit to every in
dustry in California. Statistics show that I
a wet October presages a heavy rainfall
for the ensuing season and should that
rule hold good there is no doubt that the j
year 1900 will be a wonderfully prosper
ous one.
One effect of momentous import to the
State which this extraordinarily bright •
prospect insures will be the attraction of j
foreign capital to this coast, which in a j
measure had been discouraged, owing to |
the dry season of 1897-8. The abundant i
crops of IS9S-9 hardly had the effect of j
restoring confidence in the stability of j
this State for large investments, by rea- ■
son of the fact that rain only came at the
critical moment to save its reputation for |
abundant crop productions. Now that all
«itrns point to good times as a result of ,
the wet Reason that is to be, increased j
revival in every branch of trade is looked j
for and a consequent increase in the in- j
vestments from outside sources.
The industry which has benefited Im
mediately by the rains is mining. The
generous" downpour means an early re
sumption of work in many mines, both
placer and quartz, which have been closed
down for months owing to lack of water. :
This means employment for thousands of
workmen, besides the spending of large
Bums for necessary machinery appliances
and supplies. Besides this the rain guar- ,
antees early feed on the mountains, thus !
insuring a bright outlook for the cattle'
and dairy interests. It is the experience
of wheat men that heavy early fall rains
In the last and first months of the year,
and then little rain until March and April,
have been most beneficial.
E R. Ulienthal, president of the Crown
Distilleries Company and head of the •
firm of Lilienthal & Co., who possesses
larsre agricultural interests in the State,
Is enthusiastic in his ideas of the bene
lit« which will accrue to the State by
reason of the auspicious beginning of the
"From an agricultural standpoint."
<-aid he, "the recent rains mean much ;
for California. The good crops of U9B
and the assurance that the present rain
fall elves vis for next year s crop win ,
undoubtedly attract foreign capital to our
agricultural land.-:, as well as to other i
opportunities for Investment. As a ;
n ltural consequence I can pee possibin- j
tips of enormous magnitude and an era of
erity eclipsing that of the present
which has been itself high y
prosperous. The rains coming so early
In the season have assisted in the filling
lit) of the land with moisture, ami we will
only need an average rainfall from now
on "to preserve the moisture for root
rrops like sugar l ts, the successful
raising or production of which mean- so
much 'for California, where conditions are
bo favorable for the sugar beet industry.
The October rains help the farmer be-;
cause it enables him to fall-plow his
gr '\li this signifies bountiful crops and j
pleritv of money which cannot be mathe- j
mattcally calculated, but will run up in
the millions and place California on a
sound financial basis which will do much
for its future development." ..«•_.
I \V Hellman, president of the Ne- ;
van* National Bank. Is another firm be- ]
liever in the bright outlook for this State,
owing to the early inauguration of the :
rainy season.
"It was a good rainfall at the proper j
time" said Mr. Hellman in an inter
view' "and it is the beginning of a good j
season It will encourage every industry '■
in the State and the benefits have already
been very large. With a bountiful rn!n
fr>ll to follow, next year will be the best
California has had in many years. All
branches of trade will receive a stimulus ■
that I am sure will make 1900 the banner j
year of prosperity in the annals of the
State And let us not forget that the
present year has been exceedingly pros
perous in all lines of commercial enter
prises.
"The rainfall has already relieved the
financial stringency to which the farmers
were subject in the past, and plentiful \
rains this season will place them beyond j
the reach of harassing mortgages.
"The early rains will likewise be ex
tremely beneficial to th^ wine industry,
which forms so essential a part of the
States resources. It will cause an in
creased growth of vines and an added
yield of grapes. It may not be advisable
to be over-sanguine regarding the
splendid future in store for California, !
but there can be certainly no mistake
made In predicting a prosperity the equal
of which she has never before experi
enced."
MAY DRIVE THE CREES
OUT OF THE COUNTRY
Captain Watson Says an Effort Will
Be Made to Send Them Back
/to Canada. ' -y,; :
TACOMA, Oct. 22.— 1t is announced on
the authority of Captain Watson that the
United States army will next spring un
dertake the task of rounding up thieving
Cree Indians in Eastern Washington and
Northern Montana, and send them across
the border, where for the second time
they will be turned over to the Canadian
authorities. About 3000 of these Indians
are roaming about in the States named.
They are the remnant of the tribe which
Louis Riel led in rebellion in 1!«5. After
that war they drifted southward and
have persisted in remaining in this coun
try. - : ■'O r T r ,-
They are known as the dirtiest Indians
in the West, and it is believed they have
DR. J. O. I IRSCHFELDER.
carried diseases to Northern Montana
towns, near which their tents have been
pitched. They have stolen cattle and
horses and made themselves generally ob
noxious. Captain Watson believes that
the coming Congress will pass a law mak
ing it a penal offense for any Cree In
dian to live«ln the United States, and
that sufficient money will be appropriated
to hunt up all the Cree renegade bands
and force them to return to Canada.
Before the Riel rebellion the Crees were
the most powerful tribe in the Canadian
Northwest Territory. They received an
nuities, had fertile reservations and were
prosperous until Riel and Gabriel incited
them to rebel.
TRUSTS WILL NOT BE
SEVERELY CONDEMNED
Speculation as to the Report That
Will Be Made by the Indus
trial Commission.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— That so
called trusts and combinations will not
be unqualifiedly condemned in any re
port that the Industrial Commission may
make to Congress seems evident from
the general tone of questions put by the
members and such incidental comment as
they have made while witnesses have
been testifying. In the hearings of the
last two weeks, which have brought the
sessions In Washington to a close for the
present, it has been made very evident
that the attitude of some of the members
of the commission toward great corpora
tions have been materially changed since
the sessions of early summer.
It Is realized that great corporations are
now 'a part of the industrial system of
the country and attempts to regulate
them must only be made after most care
ful study, if the danger of substituting
greater evils than those now complained
of is to be avoifled. The commission has
been much impressed with the part that
the great aggregation of capital in indus
trial corporations, aided by railroads, is
playing in building up the foreign com
merce of the country. This point was first
forcibly brought out by John D. Archi
bald of the Standard Oil Company. It
has since been emphasized by witnesses
representing the great iron and steel com
binations and the whisky trust, who have
contended that if a foreign commerce in
American manufacturers is to be built up
and maintained it must be done by large
corporations.
NEGRO SOLDIERS ARE
HELD FOR TRIAL
Testimony of the Thirteen Accused
Men Before Commissioner Mar-
tin Very Damaging.
GLOBE. Ariz., Oct. 22.— The thirteen
negro soldiers of the Twenty-fifth Infant
ry accused of beating with clubs four
Tonto Indians on the night of October 13
at San Carlos Indian Agency had a pre
liminary hearing yesterday before United
States Court Commissioner Charles T.
Martin. The testimony of the Indian wit
nesses was unimportant, they being un
able to identify the prisoners. Sworn
statements of the defendants themselves |
were damaging, showing probable guilt j
sufficient to justify the action of Commis
sioner Martin, who held the defendants
each under $500 bail to appear before the
United States Grand Jury.
The prisoners will be tuken to Florence
to-morrow, where the United States
Court of the Second Judicial District
meets November 20. The Indian police
man whose skull was fractured by a blow
dealt by George Young, a soldier, is still
In a precarious condition. There is no
t-xcitement among the Indians at San
Carlos and yesterday's proceedings indi
cating punishment of the offenders will
have a salutary effect.
SCHOONER HERA IS
SHORT OF SUPPLIES
FORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Oct. 22.—
The schooner Hera, with 300 passengers
from Cape Nome and St. Michael, is re
ported by the steamer Lakh-Me, arriv
ing to-day from Cape Nome, as being in
distress in latitude 49 degrees and 7 min
utes north and 12»5 degrees and 40 min
utes west, or al/ ait six miles* oft Capo
Flattery, for want of water and provis
ions.
The Hera spoke the Lakh-Me yesterday,
but the latter vessel cmild render no as
sistance, as she had several hundred pas
sengers from Nome, and having made an
unusually long trip down, her larder was
about empty. How long the Hera's pas
sengers and crew have been without food
or water is not known.
A strong off-shore wind is blowing,
Whlcn will prevent the flora entering the
straits, and it is feared much suffering
will result before relief readies her. A
tugboat with supplies will leave here to
night.
SAND BURR LODGED
IN HER THROAT
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 22.-C. F. Harris
and daughter, Miss Harris, of Murray,
Cass County, Neb., are in the city. Fri
day Miss Harris, while at school, met
with a very painful accident. In some
way a sand burr lodged in her handker
chief and in using that article the burr
was drawn into her throat. She was
taken to the village physicians, but no
relief could be affordfd her and the father
brought her to Omaha.
Several physicians were called upon
yesterday, but up to last night not one
wan found who could bring forth the
troublesome burr. It appears to be lodged
far down in the throat, having imbedded
itself in the flesh. It is very painful and
distressing, the young lady being unable
to eat, talk or sleep, and all the nourish
ment taken since the accident has been
of a fluid character. Fears are enter
tained that a surgical operation will be
necessary to remove the Durr.
CONSOLIDATION OF BIG
RAILWAY INTERESTS
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— The Chronicle to
morrow will say:
As a corollary of the Pullman-Wagner
consolidation deal the readjustment of
railroad stockholders on an enormous
scalp is paid on high authority to be the
next move on the boards. A financier
with very close relations to the Morgan
financial syndicate of New York, now in
Chicago, is authority for the statement
that the next few months will witness
a sweeping consolidation of railroad in
terests.
The plans of Morgan and his allies, ac
cording to the authority quoted, are no
1< v than the welding together of the
railroad Interests controlled by the Har
riman, Gould and Vanderbilt interests.
PERISHED IN A BLIZZARD.
Nine Men Known to Have Been Lost
in Montana.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 22.— A special to
the Times from Great Falls. Mont., says:
Nine men perished in the recent blizzard.
Five bodies have been recovered, and it
is probable that this is not half the lost.
The last body found Was that of H. Her
rald. a sheepherder. The shei_p had eaten
off his beard, clothing and part of his |
boots. Several bands of sheep without ,
herders have been wandering in that j
country and point to unknown deaths.
REVOLUTION EXTENDING
Colombian Gunboat Moyaca Will Pro
ceed to Gauca.
COLON. Colombia. Oct. 22.— The revolu
tion has extended from Gundinamarca to
Lima. The Colombian gunboat Moyaca
is about to leave for Gauca. where an
army of 10,000 men Is being assembled
by the Government
DIED AFTER PRIZE FIGHT.
Fatal Ending of a Contest Between
Two Young Men.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22— William Wilke, aged
19 years, died last night one hour after
receiving blows on the nose, jaw and pit
of the stomach in a prizefight with
Charles Chelius, agfd 19 years, in the
basement of the W like home. The boys
belonged to amateur clubs and fought for
ass purse. Chelius was arrested.
Lambardis Disband.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 22.— The Lambardl
Italian grand opera company has dis
banded here after a trip through the West
because of poor business.
AWAITING THE
SECOND COMIC
Meetings Held by Apos
tolic Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Meetings were
held in six halls in this city to-night to
mark the beginning of the crusade of the
Catholic Apostolic Church, which will en
deavor to arouse the people to a realiza
tion of the second coming of Christ to
rule the world. The speakers declared
that all signs pointed to the return of the
Savior In the near future, and they
warned their hearers to prepare.
The Catholic Apostolic Church was
founded in Scotland in 1527. and it ob
tained a foothold in this country sixty
- ago. The present crusade has been
advertised by huge posters and in other
ways. The adherents uf the sect, which
has two churches in this city, do not be
lieve that the world is coming to an end
and are careful to distinguish themselves
from the Adventists.
Meetings were held in Carnegie Hall,
Chickering Hall, Young Men's Christian
Association Hall, Harlem and the Brook
lyn Academy of Music by English-speak
ing evangelists, and in Cooper Union and
Saennerbund Hall, Brooklyn, by German
speakers. George Lewis, who spoke in
Carnegie Hail, said: "Men have done
their best and their worst to the church
of God for eighteen centuries, and she
stands to-day a sorrowful exhibition of
their devastingr work. It is time to ex
pect that the Lord will himself arise and
come to the help of his loved church."
J. B. Ravenport said in the Saenger
bund Hall: "The terrible feature of the
social arrangements will make men see
that God alone can regulate the nations,
and then he will send his son, Jesus
Christ, again to help men out of their
troubles. Trouble will make men cry
out, 'Jesus, the son of God.' and he will
come to their aid and rule gloriously.
But In his mercy he sends warning and a
chance to repent. He has restored the
Apostles to his church and they have sent
six evangelists to this city to cry out to
repent and turn to him. So prepare for
the second coming of Christ, who is the
hope of nations, as well as the hope of
church."
Other meetings will be held next Sunday
evening. ___^_________
LIPTON WILL TRY
AGAIN FOR THE CUP
Was Favorably Impressed by the
Treatment Accorded Him by
American Yachtsmen.
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Sir Thomas Lip
| ton spent to-day on board his steam
i yacht Erin. During the greater portion of
! the morning he wan busy with his secre
, taries, but In the afternoon he took a rest.
| He saw a few visitors, although hundreds
■ of small boats floated around the big
| yachts. Some of the most venturesome
i went up to the gangway and sent cards
lon board. The owner of the unsuccessful
cup challenger talked freely to a reporter
and chatted for more than an hour about
his plans for the future.
"I shall not challenge for the cup next'
year," he said in reply to a question.
"You see the time is all too short to de
sign a boat, build her and have her tuned
up to concert pitch to rare next fall. 1
shall, however, issue a challenge for 1901,
and shall complete the arrangements for
it in a day or two. The matter must be
discussed fully with the committee of the
New York Yacht Club."
Sir Thomas commented on the proposed
trip of the Columbia abroad, saying: "It
she were my boat I should take her across
at once and you can take my word for it
she would sweep everything before her. I
sincerely hope she will cross the Atlantic
if for no other purpose than to show them
there whai a Yankee yacht Is like.
' Believe me, it will teacta thf-m .something.
"I want to say again that I hav<
treated with the utmost courtesy by every
one that I have met. Never for a moment
i have the yachtsmen here made me feel
: otherwise than perfectly at hom#. I
have failed to win your cup, but I proved
. what I said before sailing for it. that any
1 yachtsman who came for the cup would
have fair opportunity to win it.
"I am deeply touched at the spirit
shown by you Americans in arranging for
that loving cup for me. I shall prize It
above all things. It shows that my estl
; mate of American character is not wrong.
I am at liberty to say now that the wild
guesses as to what the Shamrock cost
were all of them far out. The cost of tne
boat alone, as she is now. without con
sidering the expense of the crew or any
thing else, is about $500,000."
TWELVE INJURED
IN A CHICAGO FIRE
Fourteen Buildings, Including the
Famous Old Grand Hotel,
Completely Destroyed.
CHICAGO, Oct. 22.— A business block in
South Chicago was burned to-day, entail-
Ing a loss of $120,0)0 and painfully injur
ing twelve persons. Fourteen buildings
were burned. An old landmark was
destroyed in the burning of the Grand
Central Hotel. It was a frame building
and was consumed rapidly. The guests
had barely time to save themselves and
fled for safety with little apparel.
The tire originated In the barn in the
rear of Peter Hanson's saloon and spread
both east and west. When the alarm was
turned in the southwest corner of the
Grand Hotel was ablaze. Officers aroused
the proprietors, who slept on the first
floor. Togrether with others they hur
ried through the different floors and cor
ridors, pounding on the doors, awaken
ing the occupants. A scene of the wild
est confusion ensued. Many- escaped
down the stairway wearing only their
night clothes. Thieves made th^ir ap
pearance during the progress of the fire
and taking advantage of the excitement
operated extensively, it is thought.
The most seriously injured are: Fire
Lieutenant Robert Ambrose, head and
back burned; internal injuries feared.
Mrs. Harry Eisbenz, guest, hands lacer
ated in descending on a rope fire escape
and severely falling the last few feet of
her descent. A. P. Atkinson, guest, face
and throat burned while descending a
fire escape. George Atkinson, guest,
badly bruised by falling to the ground
after descending part way from the third
story on a rope.
CONVICT CONFESSES
TO FOUR MURDERS
STILLWATER, Minn.. Oct. 22.— J. C.
Mcßride, a convict at the penitentiary
serving three years for assault, has made
, a remarkable confession to Warden Wel-
I fer. Mcßride confesses the murder of
i two officers, Joseph Grant and John Mc
j Nott. at Geneva, 111., August 29, ISS6; the ;
! murder of Julia Buckmire at Geneva: a
postofflce robbery and the murder of the
Marshal of Ottawa. Kan.; the burglary of
; a hardware store and the shooting of a j
: policeman ;ii Guide Rock. Nebr., and
| many burglaries and highway robberies. ;
Mcßride says his right name is George !
j Bullock. He has served three prison ;
; terms. He is now 33 years old and says
I he has followed the life of a robber and
I murderer since he was IS years of age.
; While relating the story of his crimes he '
i gave details in a matter of fact manner.
He claims to have confessed because his
I conscience bothers him and says he is l
i anxious to be punished for his crimes •
: In the murder of officers at Geneva he !
says he had two pals, one of them Harry
Ester,* later arrested and sentenced to
I Joliet penitentiary for fifteen years.
Unknown Man Found Dead.
CHICO, Oct. 22.-This afternoon the
body of an unknown man was found
lying behind Walkers store at Nimshew.
Beside the body was found a box of white
powder, supposed to be poison. The man
had been about Nimshew, drinking heav
ily for several days. It Is believed to be
a case of suicide.
Monument to Parnell.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22.-The movement
for a monument to the late Charles Stew
art Parnell. in which Lord Mayor Tallon
of Dublin and John E. Redmond M P
have come from Ireland to Interest Amer
icans, was given a great impetus to-night
at a largely attended meeting hi the
Academy of Music. Baskets were circu
lated and It is estimated that over $10 .wo
was collected. Richard Croker gave $500;
Bourke Cockran. $500; Mayor Van Wyek,
$100. Twenty thousand dollars will, it is
said, buy the Parnell homestead.
PHILIPPINES RICH
IN PRECIOUS METALS
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— A special to the
Record from Dead wood, S. D., says:
Evidences of the richness of the Philip
pine Islands in precious metals have been
shown in the Black Hills towns since the
return of the volunteer companies which
served a year in the islands.
Many of th* L?!ack Hills boys have rrad 1
practical experience in mining for goVd
and silver, and they have h.>. n watchful
of the Philippines for indications of ore
deposits. Captain Paul McClelland, Com
pany I, has brought back a piece of de
composed silver ore, about half pure,
which is said to have been taken from a
ledge about 100 feet in width situated i. n
miles from Manila. The soldiers have
also brought pieces of rich gold quartz
fmm Luzon, the ore closely resembling
the rich free milling veins !>f the Black
Hills. Chunks of gold ore exhibited by
the soldiers bristle with gnid threads,
flakes and nuggets and most experienced
mining men take it for Black Hilla
Many of the Black Hills men have re
mained in the Philippines for the purp"'> p
of being on the ground for the gold
fields as soon as order is restored in the
islands. Several outfits have been or
ganized which are already In the gold
fields around Manila. Some of the re
turning soldiers have small bottles of
placer gold which they panned out of the
creeks and larger streams of water with
common pans. There seems to be large
quantities of black sand, which is full of
bright yellow gold, easily panned and be
lieved by the Black Hills men to be in
great quantities.
MURDERER CAPTURED
Gee Seok Found Hiding on a Vege
table Ranch.
BAKERSFIELD. Oct. 22.— Gee Seok.
who shot and killed Gee Duck, Chinese
merchant, yesterday, was captured at
daylight this morning a mile and a half
from the scene of the killing. He w v
asleep in a pototo hole In a Chinese veg
etable garden. When aroused Sp>K
jumped up and told the officer that he was
the man. "I sabe, I killed Gee Duck.
He owe me money and not pay it. I kill
him." Seok had no weapon and came
along with the officers without any
trouble.
At the inquest this afternoon CJpe
Duck's wife testified that her husband
and Seok were partners in a fruit c .n
--tract. Seok feared that they would lose
on the deal and refused to put up hip,
share of the money. Duck carried through
the contract and made money. Seok
then wanted a share. Duck refused tn
divide and the killing followed. It is be
lieved, however, that SeoK s love for Mrs.
Duck had something to do with the trag
edy. Duck was a prominent Chinaman.
Lieutenant Gallway a Prisoner.
LONDON. Oct. 23.— A dispatch to the
Dally Mall from Pietermaritzburg, Natal,
says? that Lieutenant Gallway of the Nar
tal Carbineers, who was reported miss
ing, is a prisoner in the hands of the
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
j«^ Steamers leave Broadway
g^*v- wharf, San Francisco.
Ifiß^B^^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
' HuHljMfe Oct - 3 - s ' 13 - ly - 23 - 28; Nov -
i MT MCS^Sra 2, change at Seattle.
IMriTlTi 3 1 For Victoria. Vanr-nuver
j^^aLl (B. C). Port Townsend, Se-
r^Q^^afl attle, Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
"~*itfirTi Cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. Oct. 3, 8.
13, 18, 23, 28; Nov. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C "P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Oct. 6,
11, 16, 2*5, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayu-
' cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota. .
■ Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro..
i East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, 9
i a. m., Oct. 3, 7. 11, 15. 19. 23, 27, 31; Nov. 4 and
every' fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
I (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Los
1 Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m..
' Oct. 6, 9. 13, 17, 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalrna Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, i.a Paz, Santa Rosalia
I and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
i month.
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
1 without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
t and ours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $ 12 First Class Including Berth
IMnL $8 Second Class And Meals.
COLUMBIA .Oct. 20, 30; Nov. 8, 19. 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14, 24.
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent. "
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.
• - Superintendents. ,
AMERICAN LINE.
jTEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul Oct. 19! St. Paul Nov. S
New York Oct. 25 New Tork Nov. 35
St. Louis Nov. 1 St. Louiß Nov. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp. .
From New York Every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. IS Friesland Nov. 3
Kensington .;..Oot. 25 Southwark Nov. 13
Nordland ..Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 23
- EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to .
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
SO Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies. v
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
; connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. ' No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
NIPPON-MART' Saturday. Nov. 25 .
AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
... W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -f -ftflr
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <ffiffyf\
Saturday, from November 2. 1899, at ■•3'— - r -* J s
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE, Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16; LA OASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE, Nov. SO: LA BRETAGNE. Dec 7.
First-class to Havre, $60 and upward: 5 per
rent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $46: 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 6 Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco.
§■■101 01 S. S. Moana sails
1j yHir via Honolulu and
•t"" 1 "*" Auckland for Sydney
ft , __^ Wednesday, Nov. 1.
<~uSl"\ «* 10 P- m -
jsfHnrchinJ ° The S - S ' Australia
CyiWlllJllly w calls for Honolulu
/FiRCV^P',!- Wednesday. Nov. 15,
' i at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. ; $610 first-class.
1 i. 0. or-rtCt t L» & HRuS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
j Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 32? Market St.
BAY AND EIVER STEAMEBS. :
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
• MON., Tue».. ' cd.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
i a. m., 8:15. 8:80 p. in. (ex. Thurs. night), *"«.
: days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
j Pier No. 1 Telephone Main 1508.
' PARE • .. Ma
78
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
("all. corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery, street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
*■"■:• McAllister street; open until 8:30 o'clock.
Bit Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2161 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
ir.oc ValonMn »rr*Pt • own until 9 o'clock
X\ oil li west corner >ji i wenty-aecond ana Ken-
tucky htreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Cornmandery No. 16, .=.
K. T., Golden Gate building. C 25 Sut- *S__*
ter Bt.— Special assembly THIS EVEN- J1
I KG. at i o'clock. Th* order of the ft*
Temple will be conferred. All fraters ! W
are courteously Invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Era. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at_\
7:SO o'clock. Second degree. By order *Jf
of the W. M. fV>
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sac.
MISSION Lodge No. Ifi9, F. and A. M.— __
Called meeting HIS (MONDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- JLJ\
gree. C. D. BUNK Secretary. f^T 2 ;
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M.. 1539 Flllmore --Third de-__%_
► res THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at X>\
7:30 o'clock. By order of the S. W./Ti
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Henry 11. Meyer, et ais., In the
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downte-
ville. Sierra County, to deposit tailings in a
ravine below the mine; from R. J. Sinnott i
nnd F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek
Tailing Claim, in Goodwin Township, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in Hopkins Creek;
and from James C. West, in the Eagle Gulch
mine. In Butte County, near Strawberry Val-
ley, to deposit tailings in a worked-out pit,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 19. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.. I
on October SO. isr?. at ISO p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of stock-
holders of the- KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be held at
the offlce of th« company, 327 Market street,
in the city and county of San Francisco,
Ffste cf California, on WEDNESDAY, th*
JMh day of October. 1899. at the hour of 11 |
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
crd of directors to Berve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi- :
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
1&99, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. PHELDON. Secretary.
e__a : --. ■ j
ACCOUNTANTS.
P. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audit* ft
adjusts accounts for corporations & firm*: ref.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest as-
trologer in America: sketch of life and pros-
pects. Send date of birth, Bex and 12c. PROF.
SERRANO. P. O. boy_ 5235. Boston, Mass.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron- I
icle building; no advance charges: all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or write. ■
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success ; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, SCO Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK. Em— 13 Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation tree; no fees In advance. :
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma !
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
__ DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS'
THOS. H. D. VARNKY. Market and Tenth?
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
MARKET, 104 v (Hotel Robinson)— Under new
and excellent management; MRS, M. C. ROB-
INSON, formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny
suites, very deslrnble for families; flrst-class I
table; quick service; reasonable rates; family !
suites a specialty; American and European j
plan.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; room* $1 50
week up, with board $5 50; suit for two with I
board, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele- J
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel. 807 California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
-BELGRAVIA. " Polk and Clay— suites;
best board; for 2. $45 up; single. $20.
O'FARRELL. 603. cor. Leavenworth — Elegant
sunny rooms with board; beautiful grounds;
reasonable; references,
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms; su-
perior table board: bath: piano; reasonable.
PINE, 1222— Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms; suite or ningle; refs. Mis* Hutchinson.
POWELL. 309 (The Waldorf)— suite*
and single with or without board.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MMODATION for 2 or 3 small children;
mother's care and home comforts. MRS. C.
L. DE MONT, r:v East Eleventh «t.. Oakland.
WANT to find a good home for three children
from 7 to 12; ref. required. Box 285, Call.
GOOD board for one or two children; excellent
home. 3943 Army St.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Hoi— Bonk Co.. 704 Mission st. near Third.
BOOTS AXl> SHOES.
LADIES' best rubbers, 25c and 35c; men's
boots, $2; children's shoes, 65c up; ladies'
shoes, $1 up; send for price list.
People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s26o; BRANCH bakery and stationery store:
on Union st. ; living room; cheap rent; good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 9u6 Market el
DAY saloon, established years; daily receipts
about $60; a long lease; only flrst-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market «t.
$350— CORN saloon, one block from Market
Bt., close to Odd Fellows' bldg; rent $40;
. lease; dally receipts $1S; death cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE. 90« Market St.
$7500— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, din-
ing-room. etc. ; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located;' this flrst-olass
paying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
est Investigation solicited. Call R. O.
WILKE. 90S Market st.
A— SIIOO— CORNER paloon with 6 room*; rent
$90; mercantile lunch: between wholesale
houses and Iron foundries; place clearing $100
per month; lease. Call WILKE, 906 Market.
A— SoOO— CHIROPODIST and manicure parlors;
> Market and Powell sts. ; only the very best
class of patronage; no rent to pay; a spledld
off^r. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— %iV>~ BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell St., including 4 rooms; dally re-
ceipts $10; rent, $25; a splendid offer. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sSso; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
Ft.: rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE.
906 Market st.
GROCERY atore (no bar); splendid loca-
tion; beßt class cash trade; good horse and
wagon; large stock; fine fixture* and safe:
cash register; sickness. M. LESS, 7C5 Market.
— Restaurant, near car house and I car lines; i
big regular trade; Saturday and Sundays large !
transient; living rooms. M. LESS. 765 Market. !
J4SOO— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market
st.: magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given If
you mean business. M. LESS. 763 Market St.
$250— PAYING branch bakery In the Mission;
4 living rooms; receipts from $12 to $14 p<»r day;
rent cheap; old estab. _ LESS, 765 Market.
$SOC— GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh stock; Invoice $600: J25 dally; must be
" sold; sickness. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary st.
A— S23OO— BEST restaurant In mining town of
5000 population; receipts $50 dally; 8-room fur-
nished dwelling. KREDO _ C0.;.22yA Geary.
A— SSSO— RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms
opp. depot; half hour's ride from city; fine
business; furniture worth price asked.
KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary ft.
A— GROCERY; first-class corner: good loca-
tion: must sell; sickness. COWING _ CO.,
995 Market st.
A— FIRST-CLASS saloon on Fourth St.: bar-
gain this day; $175. COWING _ CO., 995 Mar-
ket st.
$550— BUTCHER shop: doing business $25 to $35
day; 100 route customers; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
great sacrifice. JONES, SIC Market st.
MUST sell; old established branch bakery, sta-
tionery, notions; cheap rent; living rooms;
mo. receipts $350. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Mkt.
$250— SALOON; bargain this day. ' McLAUGH-
US & CO., 777 ! , a Market St. - -
PAYING bakery; good location; no reasonable
offer refused. Address box 843,. Ca11. a
BARBERS— for good 3-chalr shop or
sell cheap; sickness. 798 Folsam at. >
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
COUNTRY store . and warehouse business, In
the best section of Alameda County, for sale,
consisting of store, general merchandise, well
selected: full stock of fresh goods for a large
trade; ■ lease long term at low rate; grain
warehouse, with a mill for crushing feed; I
aleo lumber yard; this is the principal buei-
. ness in a railroad town; it is an opportunity
seldom met . with for a good business man,
and will bear the closest Investigation. For
full particulars apply to H. H. CRANE. 410
. Montgomery st.
BUSINESS and residence property, in town,
Alameda County; good buildings: large lot;
price $2000. H. H. CRANE. 410 Montgomery.
FOR sale at sacrifice: retiring from business;
wholesale and retail etore, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
separate; long lease if desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$2500— ONE of the best located drug stores in
the city, clearing $200 p«- month; celling on
Recount of other business. Address L. is.,
box $44. Call office.
MODEL Art Store. 3082 Sixteenth St.. below Va-
lencia; on account of death; picture*, picture
frame*; all kind of art materials; portraits
enlarged^
$300— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; rent $«:
water free: income $60. Apply 604H Mission
St.. room 6. between 12 and 2 o'clock.
GOOD paying fruit store; Investigate. 4S
Seventh st
BARBERS— Foy sale cheap; your own price.
Address box 2?J. Call Offlce.
FOR sale— Barber shop near Presidio. Inquire
163 Second St.
$1200— CORNER grocery and bar; good corner;
established 10 years; good trade; stock new
and clean; cause of selling old age and re-
tiring from business; lease If desired; stable
on premises. J. D. ROHR'S, 662 San Jose
p.v«>.. corner Valley et.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200: terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs, 1 bath tubs; very
cheap; must sell on account sickness; good
trade. M. BRIGHT, South. Ban Francisco,
San Mateo County.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Interest In
horse wagon, furniture, brooder*, chicken
feed, etc., for sale, or will sell whole. Box
£76, Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE — Corner saloon on water front, with
rooms above for 3 families and 2 stores below;
all rented; barroom rent free. Apply 724
Front st. Price low.
$800— RESTAURANT; rent $25; dally receipts
130. Address or Inquire of J. H. LIVER-
MORE, room 719. Emma Spreckels building. |
BUSINESS established six years: requires
more capital; fine opening for right man.
Confidential, box 876. Call office.
CIGAR etore: very cheap; good location; cheap
rent; owner desires to go to country. Box
$•97, Call. _
DO you want to get In on "the ground floor" In
an" fell well? Address G. W. PHELPS, 600
Safe Deposit bldg.. San Franolsco.
WANTED— Partner with $300 to take half In-
terest In paying mail-order business; splendid
chance. Address boa 8893, Call ■
HOTEL men attention! We have good hotel
propositions. SCHWEINHARD & CO.. 1007H
Market St.. near Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS horseshoeing shop with
large stock and Al cash trade; cheap rent
bears investigation. Inquire 269 Third st.
BARGAIN; restaurant and oyster house op-
posite ferry; established 25 years. Box 221.
Call office^
$250— OLD established florist shop; doing pros-
perous business: cheap rent. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT on Third st. for sale cheap: |
am compelled to leave city. Box 718. Call.
GOOD-PAYING rooming house, for cash; 16
rooms. 133 Hyde Ft.
$200— PAINT phop; estab. 40 years: good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS, 926 Washington st.
PRIVATE • boarding-house; 25 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1544 Call.
RARE chance; nicely fitted up saloon; central
location; for sale cheap. Inquire Call office.
HALF or whole interest grocery store; estab.
12 years. Call 1510 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
LUNCH place and variety store for Bale;
cheap. 2474 Mission st.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAPV.TT.T. A- CO.'S. 412 Sacramento ft.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almort new; business buggy,
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 82S Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 PETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
rniggten. yurreys nnd horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet -
beating Works. 35.3-357 Tehatna st. ; tel. -S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'3. 3 Eighth Ft.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 3c per yard; trl. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) M IKII L ALIs.M.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While' entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated: recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; Bond stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1- diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; she has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never fails In her diagnosis; send stamp
tor circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed: hours 1:30 to 5
p. m,. 7-10 p. m. ; L. 50c; G. $1. 612^4 Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. t
Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
JOHN SLATER; circle to-night, 8:15; sittings
dally, 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 2Sc up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 1206
Market, par. 14; mail with $1 and stamp ans.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c 148 Sixth St., r. IS.
EDWARD EARLE. independent • slatewrlter
330 Elll| st. ; seance Scottish Hall, Sun. night.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
GYPSY life reader; 'satisfaction guaranteed:
23c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; sittings
r dally; test meetings, lOo; circles. 25c; 2, 8 m.
MMX. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's, 50c. $l:te*t circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Frl.. 8 p. m.f 100. 1035 Market.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
slttlnr* dally. 212H Sixth St.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office nnd factory. 11 Sroar st.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less tuccessful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
JONES. 2052 — To rent, cottage of 4 rodma and
bath; hot and cold water; rent $14.
$16— SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms and bath. OEO.
W. H. PATTERSON. '1706 Market at.
v_ : DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe ZXnka.d— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best »*id most artlnia
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 30c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; platen that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; opjn
■ evenings and Sundays.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Ino.,- 8 graduate opera- ,
v tors; open even and Sundays. 850 Market, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1899.
DENTISTS.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
' . the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 M; plates,
full set $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. . - -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, Ba. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $»;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes; no Btudents; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAX VROOM — Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market St.
MEYER— Deutßcher Ztahnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas. ; gas; crown £ bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211, Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
| year*. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSES— and fitting taught at schol-
ar's house, $10. 403 Grant aye.. cor. Bush..
B. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 38J Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made *yer; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches; the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship, $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
i ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm:-
: ing mech. (=urvey,assay,archi.;day and even.;
eat.' 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
i ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San Franoisco Business
College. 1236 Market Et.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
\ PROF. MERKI'S mandolin' club resumes Nov.
I; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
SPANISH— True thorough, combined method;
all branches. Prof. J. M. Ruiz, 201 Ash aye.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc., Prof. De Fllllppe't
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipslc; lesion? 7f.c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, Rrithmetic.grammar.wri
day arid nicbt' terms low. 1014 Mission. nr.fith.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main IPS 6. .
ORPHEI'M Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutrer; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 665 Clay st ; phone Davis 821. .-- -';.-
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKT. 20 Geary et. : tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 1 ; O'Farrell; tel. East 428.
SAM KEE, 512 Bush: best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situa-
tion In a Jewish or French family; 2 years
last place. Apply MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS Danish cook and laundress
desires a situation; best of ref.; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
or assist In housework; $10 to $15; refs. MISS
CULLEN, h 22." Sutter St.
FIR6T-CLASS German cook desires a situation;
understands French and German cooking;
good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sut-
ter St. .
THOROUGHLY competent cook and housework
flrl desires a situation; best city references.
11 = H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter Bt., Phone
Main 651.
SWEDISH house girl: first-class cook; best
references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
i NEAT Irish house girl: first-class American
and German cook; 1 year last place. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter Et.
NEAT Swedish girl desires position to do up-
stairs work; can do plain sewing or general
housework. Call at 2552 Twenty-second st.,
near Alabama. -..-'■ -y
REFINED young woman. Eastern, wants po-
sition as seamstress and chambermaid; ref-
erences. Address L. M., 531 Taylor St., care
MRS. RICHARDS.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper, or would take charge of
a lodging house. Call Golden West Hotel,
Ellis st., room 27, bet. 1 and 3.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes to do chamber-
work or housework and plain cooking; sleep
home If preferred. Apply 456 Sixth st, rm. 23.
YOUNG lady having typewriter desires a couple
hours' work each day. Address box 283. Call.
WANTED— Reupectable. experienced ' woman,
with 6-year-old child, desires situation ad
working housekeeper or to do cooking or
light housework In small or ordinary fam-
ily; good plain cook: country preferred; near
school; wages $12 to $15 a month; good refer-
ences. Address box 452, Haywards, Cal.
ROOMING housj wanted to manage by work-
Ing housekeeper, or small hotel; city or
country; wage:* $20, $25; or as chambermaid
hotel, no waiting or washing; if call car fare
required. Box 2596, Call office.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagement?; would receive ! patients In her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47 A
Clara St., Third and Fourth, Folsom and Har-
rison.
DRESSMAKER nnd designer would like a few
more engagements by the day. $1 50: or will
do work at home for same price; perfect fit
guaranteed. 421 Hyde Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do chamber work and light washing, or care
of child and chamber work; best city refer-
ences. Box 238, Call office.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position In
wholesale house or office as copyist and type-
writer: first-class references. Address box
883, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and bookkeeper in an office; position more of
an object than wages; first-class references.
Address box 999, Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as governess,
lady's maid or seamstress; speak* French.
Italian and a little English. Address box
939, Call office. __^ ■
YOUNG lady wishes position as second girl
or general housework. Call or address 122
Noe st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work In
families or at home (ladles and misses).
919 A Sutter st.: telephone Larkln 862.
EXPERIENCED nurse desires pomtlon care of
children; good seamstress; good references.
1214 Wood St., Oakland.
! COMPETENT person wishes place as house-
keeper, or would do upstairs work and sew
Address box 46. Call office, Oakland.
MAN or woman desiring faithful cultured com-
panion and worker, city or country, near or
remote, address box 299. Call office.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wishes position. %
P.. box 2598. Call office.
WANTED— by refined experienced * ln-
fant's nurse; city reference. Call 1251 Hayes.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $<
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at I the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOY3IENT WANTED
COMPETENT couple desire situations P^man
first-class carpenter and cabinet-maker and
wife first-class cook; city or country. Apply
to MISS H. CULLINAN, 328 Sutter st. .
A COMPETENT English couple desire sltua-
tlons on a ranch; • best references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
ENGINEER wants situation; city or country;
good references. Address box 237, Call office.
GOOD barber can be had for evenings, Satur-
day and Sunday. Address box 988, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WA'^TED^TT'w'ork^f^i r T^WatV"famill^as
man about place; can do all kinds of work;
gardening, horses, cows: willing and obllg-
lng; city or country. J. M. J.. 631 Sacramento.
GARDENER, thoroughly understanding care
or horses, cows, chickens; references; pri-
vate place. . N. D., box 959, Call.
WANTED— Position in private place, care of
. horses or garden, by a sober, steady man;
references. Box 287. Call.
JAPANESE young boy wishes a position in
a small family as a schoolboy; wages no ob-
Ject. , Box 292, Call.
BARBER wants situation; 1 year's experience;
$10 a week. Address box 289, Call office.
Gentleman with good connection
among miners In Nicaragua, Costa Rica and
Colombia desires to represent a first-class
house, handling portable hand pumps, wash-
ers, winches, etc. Address, with terms, A. G.
CHOVIL care Cartagena Railway Co., Carta-
gena, Colombia, S. A.
POSITION wanted by discharged volunteer;
light porter In hotel, restaurant or saloon;
good knowledge of bartending; can give ref-
erence. BLAKE. 43S Brannan st.
YOUNG Danish man, single, wants situation
In private place; thoroughly understands care
of horses, cows and garden; best of refer-
ences. Address P. LUND, SCO Seventh Bt.,
Oakland. "
GERMAN man and wife want to get work in
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by experienced young man,
aged 28, as offlce man, collector and book-
keeper; am quick, thorough, accurate and
Industrious. ■■■ Address box 295, Call office.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches; Al references; desires
situation as such. Address C. S., 1022 Jack-
son st.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the car* of lawn, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; references;
city or country. Box 809. Call. .
EXPERIENCED cellarman wishes situation;
can do cooperage repairing: references If re-
quired. Address E. MUTIN. 1524 Powell st.
ELDERLY man wants situation as cook or
ranch or help in hotel or boarding house,
city. J. H., box 297, Call office.
YOUNG man having 2 years' experience at i
painting, wishes a situation. Address Paint- |
er, 614 Kearny st. I
SITUATION wanted by watchmaker who ts a
first-class optician. Box 2SSS, Call offico.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bt6. Open till 9 p. in.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. _^^__^___
EXCHANGE.
20 ACRES fruit and walnuts; good buildings;
near Los Angeles; $5500 clear for property
around bay. J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway,
Oakland ]
CATALOGUE of choice exchanges free. Ad. !
PCHWEINHART & C0..1007M: Market. nr.6th.
FLATS TO LET.
A— s2o— SCOTT St.; 5 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, washtrays. etc.
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL. 10
Montgomery St. ■■:■::■• •
GEARY, 1909 opposite Hamilton Sauare—
flats. 5 and 6 rooms each; upper flit reduced
to $12 50: lower to $15.
GEARY, 1917— 516: four nice rooms; bath; toilet,
gas; nice yard; cellar; furnished hall.
HENRY, €3, bet. Sanchez and Noe— 4 nice,
sunny rooms; garden; rent low.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat 4 rooms; gas;
bath; modern improvements; rent $15. ■:
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat; I rooms: with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant..
MODERN sunny flat; 1 rooms; porcelain bath.
735 Ellis ft.
NEW flat. 3239 Sixteenth St., to let; furnished,
unfurnished or the whole flat.
SEVENTEENTH, 3570, near Guerrero— Lovely
sunry flat; 6 rooms and bath; yard; rent rea-
sonable.
TO let— 3 flats of 4 rooms each. Key at 70
Clementina st.. bet. First and Second.
TWO sunny flats, 4 rooms and bath; $10 up.
$25— Sunny flat: 8 rooms, bath; central.
GEO W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market.
$S— FLAT of three rooms; large dry cellar. 62
Cheßley St., off Harrison, between Seventh
and Eighth.
— UPPER sunny comer flat; 6 rooms and
bath. Apply grocery, corner Twenty-fourth
and Florida Bts.
$17 SO— 6-ROOM upper flat, with porcelain bath.
641 Castro st., near Nineteenth.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
ELLIS. 1312 — Two new modern flats; 8 and 10
room! and bath: front two streets; sun all
day; newly and handsomely furnished. Apply
10 to 12.
TWELFTH, 324— Flat of 3 r corns; stable if re-
quired.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard: linen warp, 15o:
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined,
EOc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
LARGE and small lots: 200 rooms; country;
must buy this week. Box 764. Call.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllverftein.ll2l Market.
FURRIKRS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astra kan yoke*. $10 to
130. ROOT. WALLACE. 11 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED —
OUR new holiday books include a fine line for
children; , four shown in one sample; Illus-
trated books for center table; standard books
for the library; books make desirable presents
for ladles or gentlemen; all the war histo-
ries right up to date. Canvassers send for
circulars to THE J. DEWING CO., Flood
bldg,. San Francisco.. • -
$75 MONTH, salary, expanses; Ideal employ-
ment men and women appointing agents; our
general agents act as employers. MANAGER,
drawer 2S. New Haven. Conn.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields in the Philippines; 46x64 Inches In 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First et.. San Francisco.
HELP wanted— female.
WOMAN, ■ light housework; $15; Bleep home.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
HOUSEWORK. Chlco, $20, see lady here:
Stockton, $25; Slskiyou. $20; Alameda, $25;
Modesto, $20; 20 housework girls, $25 and
$20; 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Butter __
NEAT young girl as nurse; 1 child; $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■
2 WAITRESSES, hotel, city, $20 per month;
Reno, $25; 3 restaurant waitresses, $7 and
$6 per week. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
GERMAN cook, $35; 2 German cooks. $30 each;
cook American family. $25; housework, Palo
Alto $25 Berkeley $25, Point Reyes $25. Ala-
meda $20, Oakland $25, San Rafael $20, Clarks-
burg $15, Colma $20, Chico $20, Belmont $20,
and several other towns; 20 housework girls
city $25 and $20; 10 young girls to assist, $10
to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.:
phone Main 651. :
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, country,
$15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, country, $30. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st*
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... 'PHONE GRANT 185
French nurse, $20; second girl, $20; 2 working
housekeepers, $15; middle-aged companion j
and housekeeper for old lady. $15; 40 girls for |
housework, city and country, $25 to $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. "
NURSE. $25; 2 nurse girls. $20 each: nurse girl.
$15; cook, institution, $35; 2 cooks, private
family $35 and $30: second girl, $20; 10
house girls. $25 and $20; head laundress, $30.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
APPRENTICE wanted: wages after the first
two weeks. Hair Store, 112 Eddy st.
WANTED— Experienced proof-reader in a
book and Job office; state experience. Apply
box 291, Call. - .
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman to take care of
child; a good home and $8 per month. Apply
.. 3434 Clay st. -<_____
YOUNG German girl, 15 to 18, for light house-
work; $15. : 1530 Grove Bt. ■
TAILORESS and finisher wanted on fine cus-
tom coats. 633 Natoma St. '
YOUNG girl for housework; family of 2. Call
9 to 12, 2128 Sutter st. .
HELP WANTED FEMALES.
GIRLS ! GIRLS t GIRLS «
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32^4 Fremont Bt..
ara putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. People's
Restaurant, 631 Clay st. 4
GIRL to assist in housework and plain wash-
ing: $12. 1512 Bush st.
WANTED — At once, an experienced waitress
for boarding-house. 259 Hyde st.
GOOD sewing women wanted. Apply 6 Eddy
St., room 55.
GIRL to assist with second work and care of
2 children. 2293 Franklin st.
EXPERIENCED German girl to attend bakery
store and do light housework. Box 284. Call.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $10. 12
Hartford st., off Eighteenth, near Castro.
WANTED— Experienced waitress. 126 Ninth
sL, call early.
WANTED— Good dishwasher. New Mechanics'
Hotel, Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WANTED—D ishwasher for a small restaurant-
-348H Third st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework.
808 California at.
NURSE girl wanted. Apply at 630 Turk Bt
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply after
9 a. m. 622 Golden Gate aye.
OPERATOR on coats; one that understands
making linings and plain work preferred;
steady work and good pay. 718 Market st.
WANTED— Good respectable girl to help at
housework In small family; $15 per month and
increase. 1215 Bush st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework and
children; good home; wages $8, 1271 Clay et.,
near Jones.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1749 Sutter
street.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones Bt.
WANTED— First-class tailoress; good wages.
FRANCIS, 756 Sutter st.
OPERATORS on ladies' walpts to take work
home. 723 Market 6t., room 3~>.
WANTED— Underskirt hands. Apply at 613
Market st.
WANTED— GirIs to work at dressmaking; also
apprentices at 234 Post St., room 10.
WANTED— Two waist finishers; only first i
class need apply. 406 Sutter St., room 39.
WANTED— First-class sklrtmakers at SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st.
WANTED — A good cook; reference required.
Call 1507 Washington St., bet. 2 and 6 p. m.
FIRST-CLASS experienced saleslady for cloaks
and suits. Paris Cloak House, 1114 Market.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing. [linking. 121 Post.overO'Connor&Moffatt.
A GOOD finisher on pajints; good wages. 509
Kearny st., room 1.
TAILORESS as. pants finisher. 6V4 Kearny St..
room IS.
WANTED— Experienced ironers at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
W A N'TED— Hotel cook, country, $50 to $60; seo-
ond cook, country hotel, $40; third cook, $35;
resiaurant cooks, $10 week; coffee saloon
waiter, $f< week; dishwashers, vegetable man
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— B quartz miners, $2 50 day; 10
miners, $2 C 5 day; timberman for mlne,s2 75
day- laborers for mine, $2 day. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO laborers for quarry, $2 day; I
farmers and wives, $35 and $45; farmer and
wife for Nevada, see boss here; farmers, $20
and 525; shingle sawyer for Humboldt County,
$45 and board: shingle packer; buggy washer,
$50. and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED-WlHlam Shlef. please call; young
man as stenographer and typewriter and as-
sist in offlce: German- American preferred;
one living with parents. J. F. CROSETT _
CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
FREE fare Coast road Free fee
Teamsters and laborers; ship Tuesday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS and laborers for the Valley
Read, $2 a day, free fare; laborers, city and
country, $2 a day; 6 rough carpenters for a
ranch. $1 50 a day and board; 5 rough car-
penters, city, $2 t"0 a day: harness maker,
ranch, ?30; 20 woodsmen, $26 to $35 and far*
advanced; farmers. $20 and $26: milkers,
choremen and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt.
3 FIRST-CLASS waiters for European plan
hotel, north. $;0 and fare advanced: restau-
rant cook, $65: second cook. $60; broiler. $55;
second cook, $.".0: bread and cake btker, $40;
third cook, country hotel. $30; cooks, city.
$8 and $10 a week; 2 pantrymen, country
hotel, $20 and $25; upstairs porter, hotel, $25;
bellboy, hotel. $17 50; colored head waiter.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced proof-reader In a
hook and Job offlce; sats experience. Address
box 2'.)1, Call.
AMATEUR musicians wanted to play brass.
Apply at the Chutes between 10 and 12 a. m.
Tuesday.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. SSS How-
ard St., bet. 4th and sth. over handball court.
COATMAKKR wanted to take part of room at
935 Market st., room 16.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker. Call early at 635
Kearny st.
AN experienced night cook; wages $9 per week.
123 Sixth st.
WANTED— A first-class lunch and oyster-
man. 17-19 Powell st.
UPHOLSTERER at 2304 Fillmore rt.
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted. 804
Tohama st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 631 Clay street.
STRONG boy for tailor shop. 83 Third at.,
upstairs.
W. 4 NT ED— A strong boy to work In braes foun-
dry. 225 Beale Bt. .
WANTED — A good cook and dishwasher for
restaurant. 175 Fourth st.
WANTED — A boy. 302 Sixth et., crockery
store; call at 10 o'clock.
JOBBING plumber wanted, with tools. 84«
Howard St.
GOOD cook and dishwasher. Come early, ready
to work, at 111 Taylor st.
WANTED —An errand boy. 2009 Fillmore
street.
WANTED— Good tailor on custom coats; steady
work. Room 78. Donohoe building.
WANTED— Second cook at Healy's Restaurant,
1119 Market st.
WANTED — Four carpenters at 126 Hayes
street.
COOK want*l. Call early. 922 Battery St.
BARBERS— Neat 2-chair 15c shop at a sacri-
fice; offer wanted. 603 Washington Bt.
BARBERS— Good loc shop at a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 104 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wanted at ROSEN-
BLUM & ABRAHAMS, 1103 Market »t.
WANTED— First-class chef cook; state sal-
ary. Address box 244, Call office.
WANTED— Young man to drive bakery wagon
Address box 861, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS carver and a cabinetmaker.
FINK & SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted by week. 410 Kearny
St., room 35.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD _ CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
FIRST-CLASS tinsmith wanted. 686 Mission
street.
YOUNG man to assist with poultry and
pigeons: opportunity to learn and steady Job
for riKht party. Address with some particu-
lars. Poultry Dept., box 95. San Mateo, Cal.
JUNIOR salesman for clothing and furnishing
goods houße. Apply by note box 722. Call.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market Bt.
WANTED— Dress, fancy, men's furnishing
salesman; also boy, 14 years who resides
with^his^parents. Box 865, Call offlce.
GOOD harnessmaker for the country. 400 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— Sklrtmaker at SCHIMMEL _
I STOVER'S, 408 Sutter Bt.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Help for Utah, Washington, Oregon, British
Columbia and all parts of California and
Arizona •*••
harness maker for ranch bench hand
wheelwright, country shop wood turner
band sawyer shoemakers slate splitters
lather... .sash and door maker — blockmaker
shingle packer... iron molder... granite cutter
$3 50, $3 $2 50 day........ come and see
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PUBLIC WORK BY SUPERVISORS.
12 laborers, fare $1 50. 6 months Job. $2 25
day: 12 teamsters, fare $1 50, 6 months Job,
* 2 M d URRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A WE PAY YOUR FARES
"'.'"" to 38 sawmills, etc
...no experience wanted
197 men for 60 different Jobs
'.'from laborers to run machines..
wages from $28 to $40 and found
ill. also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
...tree fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers...
woodsmen and millmen of every description.
$SOY$75, $65, $50, $45. $40. $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tlemakers, shingle bolt , makers.
Picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds..... :--"
Your f[r4s."" MUR «34 and 636 Clay st
Your fares «> 3 * and clay sU
FOREMEN.. . . BOOKKEEPER. . . BUTCHERS
foreman. 800 acres vineyard orchard ranch
dairy, etc., single or married, $.» and found
foreman vineyard and ranch, Santa Clara
foreman dairyman ...$4O and {°>"? a
foreman woodchoppers, see boss here, book-
keeper for a ranch vm'XVi'YUmA
butcher %r\^n^h.-"-.V:.-.-..-s3o^nd 3 found
butcher, shop and slaughter, fare 'Sl. ♦*>
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A-BIG WAGES «VV;"m Vs'dkv
26 laborers. Inside work $2 to $2 75 day
16 laborers, fare 50c ♦£:
12 quarrymen. country/ •• » w
.............. SPECIAL TO-DAY •
197 laborers and teamsters for city and coun-
try Jobs, $3, $2 50. $2, $1 75 day; some by tne
day, others factories, etc ••••a; I'"
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITEP.S. OTHER HELP.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY, BAKERY. ETC.
18 c00k5........ 565. $60. $55, $40. $30 and found
14 waiters $30, $26, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30. $25, $20, $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator boys
7 laundrymen and pantry men.. $30 and found
Coatmaker; broilers; second, third and fourth
cooks; two first, four second: third hands and
8 boys to learn baking trade; $40. $35, $25, $20,
$15 and found: five cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $55, $50, $40 and found.
ABOVE places. are for hotels, restaurants,
private families, saloons, mine 3, boarding-
houses, institutions, ranches, railroad camps.
Come and see us.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
587 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
6 farmers and wives; 3 milkers and wives,
$40 and found: see boss here.
Bcxmaker Crockery packers
edgerman. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
ENGINEERS Carpenters Blacksmiths.
Engineer, hoisting engine, mine $75
7 blacksmiths' helpers, $2 50 day: $35, $40, $30
and found; city and country Jobs
22 carpenters for a steady Job for 9 months,
country $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— s GOLD Mines 6 Silver Mines
IS Other Mines
12 miners, machine drills, gold $75 j
15 miners, single hand drills, silver.. s6o found j
62 laborers, no experience required, $57 per |
month. Including board and lodging
23 laborers, you will suit, fare $3 $6.'.'
16 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 50 $52 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 540 found
Great Crowds MURRAY & READY.
Going Daily. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS Dairies ..'. Stables
26 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
E8 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
12 milkers $30, $25 and found
12 choremen and boys.. s2o, $15, $10 and found
9 stablemen, buggy-washers, hostlers, har-
ness-cleaners, etc ...$5O, $15, $40, $35, $30, $2.">
and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— WE ship you free Railroad work
165 teamsters, laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay st.
NOW — Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men: bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St., near
Eighth; telephone Main 51.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2^o
to 50c. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— A young man with large circle of
acquaintances as salesman ln piano house.
Box 029. Call office.
WANTED— men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best ln city. 406 McAllister
St., near Polk.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
; Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per. week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 3 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOI/RR'S BARBER COLLEGE. 835 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks: expert Instructions; Saturday
wages: call or v^rlte for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted as a part-
ner to go Into business: good opportunity for
the right man. Box 707, Call office.
SAILORS and ordinary seAm»n for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., IC4 7th: tel, Jessie 152.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a. week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fits. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
AUCTION— WeII broken horses, direct from,
the country; Tuesday, 11 o'clock. Ormonde
Stables, 1517 Mission St., S. ATKINS. Auc-
tioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
E0 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1631
and 1625 Market St., between. Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 67 !
. Minna st.. bet. First and Second.
GOOD, gentle business horse; suitable for lady.
Call Monday or Tuesday, room 1, 995 Market.
A WEEK'S pews for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES LODGING— FOR SALE.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
— OVER WONDER MILLINERY STORE
14 rooms; $400 cash, bal. $10 month $600
23 rooms; will sell at auction about price
asked for house; elegant 1700
31 rooms: facing 3 streets; only 1050'
SO rooms; corner; rent $80 1350
39 rooms: new sunny corner 1350
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT
LODGING-HOUSE buyers— genuine bar-
gains and honest treatment call on
BCHWEINHART & C0..1007V4 Market, nr.6th.
OWNERS— I have a good fruit ranch to ex-
change for a lodging-house: will pay cash if
needed. Address box 1347 Call office.
BUSH. 421; furnished house of 48 rooms;
gas and water: partner wanted; $225.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list- houses to let; send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
1914 Clay; 12 R. ...... 575 2414 Pine; 7 R....53260
1817 Broderlck; 9 R. 46 1528 Pine: 6 R.... 27 50
1012 Geary; 7 R....32 50 1385 Howard; 6 R.... 21
123 Cedar aye.; 5 R 15 2428 Geary; 6 R 20
$12 50—11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn; garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
FINE 2-story house; sunny side; 7 rooms.
1088 Union st.
GUERRERO, 1118— Rent $40; modern house of
10 rooms, bath and laundry; large yard; sun
all day. Apply at 1136 Guerrero st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
JO Montgomery st. ■
LAGUNA.' 1717 and 1715 — Two sunny modern
houses, each of 8 rooms; bath; newly papered.
REDUCED to $48; 9-room lodging house; 313V4
O'Farrell. Apply 15 . Grant aye. ; ■ ■_■ yi
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont St., near Harrison.
A WEEK'S news for 5 — The Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
LOST 7.AD FOUND.
LOST— ring, bet. 10th and I4tn on Fol-
som. Return 2529 Harrison; reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH, ladles' physician; consul-
■ tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office. $5. 942 Post st. between
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms: best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2751; residence.
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m, to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st.. has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. Ufl
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
HOME in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st.; consultation free.
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1223
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought. Bold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AND still another latest style nearly new seal-
skin for $105. At UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
avenue.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire briok, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 6086.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers, 6 locomotives.
110 oars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 76. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CRBELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 813 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBBN, 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc, for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 848 Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planer*. 12 and
24 in.; gas eng., 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 B»ale.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SMALL second-hand lathe ln good order: 5 or
6^ Barnes preferred; state price. Box 987,
Call. "
WANTED— Irish setter hunting dog; small pre-
ferred; well trained; state price and where
may be seen. Address box 225. Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
A — Ladles' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom St.
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S. 420 Montgomery St., upstairs.
WANTED— Cheap for cash, a light hammerless
shotgun. No. 12 or 16 gauge. 1314 Broadway.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~~
ANY amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good t«curity; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan ac long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
ln estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor, Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me:s3oto
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages ;estates ln probate, undivided Interests in
, estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, !4S Market st. telephone Main 1344;
branch 19 Third St.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser; also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH, 220 California st., room T.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry, stock: low
rates. J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monda. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $•
cash and $8 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
FORTY years in business here baa placed us in
position to serve you better than moat others;
'■ a fine assortment of Hazelton and other
pianos at lowest prices; a few used pianos at
great, bargains; a Steinway upright. Hard-
man, Chase Bros., Arion, Dewing Bros,
specials for this week; sauares from $25 up.
The J. DEWING CO., 2d floor, Flood build-
Ing, Fourth and Market sts.
A FEW bargains for this week. /
Three organs, $50 up. ". ■ y .•■■
Steinway upright; first-class condition.
Stock; nearly new; walnut case,
( squares, $40 up; $< per month.
Four rew webers: reasonable offer accepted.
One Chlckerlng; mahogany case.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26, £8 and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING this week we offer all kinds of
musical instruments at greatly reduced prices
to make room for new stock; get our prices
befor buying. ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co
709 Market St.
A DECKER & SON Piano is the one to buy
when a first-class article is desired. For sale
only at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
SMALL French upright piano for sale cheap.
20 Laakle St.. off Mission, bet Eighth & Ninth.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair-
a bargain. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st. '
P i« N i )S i>ih lri T at barKalns: » 25 *°- $55, $60, $200.
1 131 Va Mission St.
BA , R ? A , IN ~ Good vu P rl Sht; cheap. SCHMITZ II
McAllister st.. next Hlbernia Bank.
A— UPRIGHTS. $60 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W i^. G - ? ADGE R. «2 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos
A rh s B5 f UPRIG ! HT plano ln fln « condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st
C H?r A nu I J t nr Wa . V prlght; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
6 P H s M 1*?" Byr ° Mauzy and other PlanoB 308
S MxFi I l™ Ti Ol i ns ' r*«them. old and new. H."
MILLER, rrmkor. render. 2 Latham place:
OFFICES AND STORES—TO LET."PALMISTRY.
V.ME. KEERGAARD, pupiToTcounT St. Ger-
maln. Cl 6 Geary Ft., above Jones; classes;
offi-.y hours, 1 to S p. m.: reading by mall, $1.
PERSON S.
YOUNG widower wishes acquaintance of a neat (
young German Catholic lady who understands
dressmaking and plays .zither; object matri-
mony. Please answer in German, T. WER-
_NET. 742 Geary St.. city.
GO to LEPERER'S Halrdresslng Parlors; latest
styles, 250; halnlresslng at residence, $1 50;
hair dressed, with shampoo. We; shampooing
short hnlr. 2. r ,c; manicuring, 25c. ' G. LED-
ERER, 12:< Stockton st.
ELEGANT remnants for suits. $10 75; pants,
$3 7f. or overcoats, $12 60; made to order;
samples tent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1>344 Market st.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE. j Patent. Tradmark
Attorney at Law, | and Copyright
No. 4 > itter St., Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. I American and Foreign
l?end for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC iiKhts in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms;
*:<v to $1 50 p^r nisht; >'■ 50 to ft per week;
free 'bus ani baggage to and (ram the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladles with escorts
admitted from S:3O p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E
HAQUETTE.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT HATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
MRP. BENNETT. 11G5 Mission— Cancer cure 6
Jays; no knlfo. no caustics: references.
MRS. FONTAINE'S manicure parlors; open
from 10 to 12 and 1 to 9p. m. 326 A Ellis st.
ALL senta wishing to marry wealthy send 10c
for latest lift. MRS. HERTZ*. 706 "Ellis eL
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
DR. C. A. McQUESTEN has returned and re-
sumed practice. Office, 317 Powell st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
ar.d o'.d gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S. 722 Market st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. i"5 Dupor.t St.. nr. Cal.
: J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 440.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
J2 10 up. JENSEN & BATH, SOS Sixth St.
INCRUSTATION— invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sar.some st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Pest st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 102 Eddy Et.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
lng, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; euara!>td. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine.ab.Krny.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— GUI gold for manufa'npr. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'F.irrell. bet. Powell a Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalncue free. Cal. Camera. Co.. 22 Geary Et.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
102 m Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
HOUSE and lot wanted, this city; exchange for
21 acres. Alameda County. In town; public
and high schools; Improved first-class home;
valuation $5000. H. H. CRANE. 410 Mont-
prrv.ery Pt. -
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION OF RESIDENCE. INVESTMENT
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
AT SALESROOM,
11 MONTGOMERY STREET,
THIS DAY.
MONDAY 1 OCTOBER 23. 1899,
At 12 o'clock noon.
TRUSTEES' SALE.
1720 Bryant St., cor. 17th; grand 2-story resi-
dence; 12 rooms, bath, laundry and servants'
room; large stable, etc.; lot 100x123.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
S2S O'Farrell st., near Polk; modern 3-story
bay-window house, 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6 x
12o'. to Olive aye.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
"417 California st.. near Fillmore; 7 rooms and
,hath: renting- for $30; large lot, 34:4--i,x137:«. to
close an estate.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Callfornia-sL lot. near Devisadero; north Bide;
3S: 2x137:6; one of the choicest lots on this fine
MISSION-ST. INVESTMENT.
2043. 2043'-rt and : .'■ Mission at., near 16th;
three-story bay-window building of 2 flats ana
store; flats contain 7 rooms and bath each;
renting for $60 per month; lot 23x105.
TRUSTEES' SALE.
Noe and 26th sts.; SE. corner; 80x114; level
and ready to build on; street sewered.
MANUFACTURERS' SITE.
18th and Harrison Ets.; SE. corner; 50x124:2; 3
fronts.
TEAMSTERS. ATTENTION.
ISth St., SE. cor. of Treat aye.; 89x150; suit-
able for stable or factory.
3 BUILDING LOTS. TRUSTEES' SALE.
East side of Florida St., near l€th; 25x100
each; on car line.
POTRERO LOTS.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Nine lots en Utah and Nebraska sts., cor.
10th St.; 25x100 each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
CENTER Sj SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
NEW CORNER FLATS
$4800; RENT $340 A YEAR
$1000 CASH, DAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
■ -nveniences. F. NELSON. Builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
FOR sale — A 5-room (and bath) rear house; lot
25x61 feet, with 3:6x64 feet entrance; 407 Thir-
tieth St.. bet. Noe and Rancher.; price $.if.o.
$100 cash, $15 a month with interest; a great
bargain. OWNER. 741 Castro st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
w-?*t of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
A POOR man's chance Cottage on Fifth aye.
ard Clement for $1200. $250 cash. See C. W.
POPE. 11 Montgomery st.
FOR sole— Business property on Howard St..
near Fourth: renting for $130 per month. See
Bee- Drug Company, Alameda.
Jisoo — 5:4 per month: 4 room*. 9-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:3 by 114 feet.
Particulars 408 Thirtieth ft. •
BIX Rice lots northwest cor. Polk and Chestnut
stfi. Apply 1701 Octavla 6t.
HOUSE and lots tor sale. Apply 319 Bryant.
o-n-r.e.-. between Seventh and Eighth.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sale
BIGGEST bargain yet; see this fine stock farm;
C,'O acres ; 25 miles from Oakland, 4 miles from
railroad town; good, level road; splendid im-
provements and residence; ':■' acres In bearing
fruits and vines: running water; many fine
• ;rln«s: beautiful; lanje trees; portion of the
.. ranch good hay ad; this Is an Ideal home
fains; flrst-(?la«s surroundings; will carry over
ICO litau o'. cattle; fnr immediate sale and to
close tin estate this fine property can be pur-
chased for S2'J p?r .<•. see photographs and
full d<-scr!j-Uon this office. 11. 11. CRANE,
410 Montgomery st.
A— 43'^ ACRES; choice piece of level land close
to KU- B e'K Station on S. P. R. R., 3 miles from
Berkeley; fronts on two county roads; if you
want a good Interest-paying Investment or
home don't miss it. H. M. CRANE, 410 Mont-
gomery st.
A— 2CO ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala-
meaa County, fronting on county road; $25
per acre for quick rale. H. H. CRANE, 410
Montgomery st.
TO lease-Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
i. reck. S miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
. watered, woori-ri: 2M) acres good grain land:
balance excellent 1 lure; suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. Orlnda Park.
t3 50 AN acre— 64o acrr-s land, unimproved, In
Happy; Valley. Shasta County, 2 hours' drive
from Redding; nearly all cultivable: can be
' lrrU ?y^, : - ''i"" 1 ,; oak Um »r; part cash. c
W. POPE,'. 11 Montgomery Et.
10 ACRES; produced 9 tons of dried fruit "and
30 tons of hay this season; good house and
other buildings, T. A. BELL, room 612 Ex-
aminer builfUnr.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA. 2:2?.-NlceTy^ fuTnllheU smmy"
rooms, nil modi-rn conveniences, bath, gas
-complete for ho'.isekeeplns: also sunny rooms
for gentleman; a quiet comfortable home.
BUSH. 1205VJ— Four furnished rooms for house-
keeping with bath: private entrance.
BUSH. 2r>2<s-2 nicely furnlshed~sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping; adults only.
CLAY. 2421. In rear, near Kill more— 2" unfur-
nlshert upper rooms; water; rent $7.
ELLIS. Modern housekeeping apartments-
newly furnished; 2, 3 or 4 rooms.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
nectlng. $13; also single. $5 to $7.
FULTON, 218, cor. Van Ness— 2 furnished flats;
2 and 3 rooms; running water; coal and gas
range. ■ .
HOWARD, 728—2 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; also sunny- sleeping room; rea-
sonable. ,
LARKIN, 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
nients; $16 to $25 per month; central.
, LARKIN. 432— Nice\y furnished bay window
housekeeping rooms; reasonable. ■
■ MARTHA place — well furnished sunny
rooms ; complete lor housekeeping; yard.
! McALLISTER, 612— Sunny parlor suite; bath
and kitchen.
MINNA, 28— Housekeeping and single room;
cheap rent.
NINTH, 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
stove; folding bed; chrap.
POST, 2tiO7— 3 rooms: furnished for housekeep-
ing; modern Improvements: $12 SO.
SHOTWELL, 217— Two sunny connecting rooms,
complete for housekeeping; gas and bath.
STOCKTON, 603 — Nice runny rooms. Mingle or
double, furnished or unfurnished; also house-
keeping.
I SUTTER, 191— Sunny bay-window room for
housekeeping; reasonable.
TENTH. 136, near Mission— Large front room;
light housekeeping.
THIRD. 143 (Dolan House)— Sunny front rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
i THIRD. 316— Housekeeping rooms, $175 and $2
; a week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th»
i northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
1 A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1056 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Inl'nrn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
cubscripttons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
. .
, AN up-to-date new fire-proof building— "San
Antonio"; opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
I hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor et., near Market.
j _
. A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
15 c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. IS64)— Fur-
nished rms.; suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices, j
' CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— neat
rooms; $1 50 week up: elevator day and night.
EDDY, I -Newly furnished large sunny front
room; with German family.
i QEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
I rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 736— Neatly furnished room; bath; J5.
i GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1529 — 3 unfurnished
rooms, pantry, bath: $13.
', GRAND SOUTHERN-Southeast cor. Seventh j
I and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or j
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator. |
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; fl SO to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7"S4Vt; near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all latest Im-
provements; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to oOc per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
J HYDE. 19, near McAllister— Newly furni&ned
tunny rooms; best location: prices reasonable.
IVY aye., 46, near Van Ness— Very nice fur-
nished sunny front room for ladies or gents;
cheap.
KEARNY. 2.W— Single sunny front suits and
housekeeping rooms; also offices.
LOCUST aye., 1034. near Polk— Large front
room. 2 closets, suitable for one or two gen-
tlemen; $6 and $8.
MARKET, 1037 1 i. "Ep worth"— front and
small room: also kitchen; ladies' and gents'
parlors; heated; $6 up.
MCALLISTER, 702>s— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
j MINNA. «C 7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MI:--.- ' 1150 — Nice, sunny rooms, well fur-
nished, neat, quiet and homelike,
1 OAK. — Nicety furnished sunny room; pri-
; vate family; gas; bath; cheap.
! OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Bay-window; sun
j all day; mantel, gas; $IJ.
O'FAU!:!'.t ' 504— An elegantly furnished and
delightfully situated rooming house; sun all
day; rooms single or en suite; quiet; home-
like; must be seen to be appreciated.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and i
ladies' parlor, rooms, per night, 3.", c to $1 DO;
week, $2 to $8; month. $8 to $80; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
EIIERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
■ THIRD. 303— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week,
also single rooms for men, $1 per week.
TURK, 836— Corner alcove room overlooking
! Jefferson square; sun all day; private family;
references.
TWELFTH. 223—2 nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; pri-
vate family; gas; bath; cheap.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Kt.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest rates. 20.'> Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
I following orphans and half orphan girls from
; July 1 to October 1, 1899: Frances G. Mc-
Kewen, aged 9 years: Leila Marlon G. Keyse.
aged 10 years; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years;
Doris Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged 12 years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th: phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ft .. rooms 9-19: tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlc 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main "13.
[WATCH REPAIRING.
1 WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
SWAPS-BIG AND LITTLK.
WANTED— To exchange camera complete for
bicycle; will pay cash to boot or opera glass.
H. BAIN. 504 Twentlf-th st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— LOT EOxISO, with large cottage of (
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500 — Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
: and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000.
$2800— Lot 40x150, on Morton it., bet. the rail-
roads, With fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$3350— Let 40x150; Morton st.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda.
; H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
! $1200— HOUSE of 5 rooms and basement; all
street work and sidewalk; lot 27^x100. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park st.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 gth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $1575— Cottage house of 5 rooms; large
lot; on the sunr.y side or street; only 6 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining postofflce,
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can be had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0., Berkeley.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIj, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23. 1899.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ABSOLUTELY the best bargains in Berkeley.
The -following properties are all good, conve-
nient, modern homes; most of them are near
R. R. station, cars, stores, schools, churches,
etc. ; some have been acquired under foreclos-
ure and are offered at about Vi their original
cost; small cash payment, easy monthly In-
stallments only required; better opportunities
were never presented home-seekers.
5- room, lV^-story . house; convenient to
Berkeley station) $1000.
V-room 1%-story house, new and modern. In
North Berkeley, only $1300; house alone cost
more money.
■ 6 rooms and bath; high basement; lot 40x
120; only $1300.
6 rooms and bath: high basement; lot 33:4 x
35; street work all done; only $1350.
Modern cottage of 8 large rooms; basement,
bath, etc. house end lot cost $3200 6 years
ago; only $1800.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
Office open Sundays.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
■table, chicken-house and large yard: con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND~ADVERTISEMENii
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN— LoveIy 9-room house; best resi-
dence portion of Oakland, west of Broadway:
lot 51x120;' improved with choice flowers and
shrubbery; house In perfect, order; all modern
conveniences; 1 block from electric cars; con-
venient to local to S. F. ; will sell at a sacri-
fice on account of owner leaving Oakland. In-
quire M. L. WURT3,
Seventeenth and Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale— house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 98x
130: horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath, barn; 589
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 98 (60c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
"company, 327 Market St., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1. 1899. Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY, October 26,
ISS9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL advertisements.
FRUIT AND VEGETABLE FARM IN SAC-
RAMENTO county for sale,
referees sale in PARTITION.
On Wednesday, November 1. 1899, at 11:30
a. m., under a decree of sale of the Superior
Court of Sacramento County, made October 6,
1599. in a partition suit of the heirs of the late
CHRISTOPHER STROTHMANN, In which
CAROLINE BTOPIEK Is plaintiff and
CATHERINE NIEDERQUELLE et al. are
defendants, the following described property
will be sold in one parcel at public auction
to the highest bidder for cash, subject to
confirmation by the court:
"All of Swamp Land Survey No. 257 and the
northerly 67. ?9 acres of Swamp Land Survey
No. 269 of the official surveys of swamp and
overflowed lands of Sacramento County, con-
taining 175.02 acres." being the farm of the
said STROTHMANN. Sale will be made on
said land.
Immediately after the Kale of said land, the
livestock, farming utensils, etc., of said farm
will be sold.
This farm Is situate on the Sacramento
River, about 9 miles from Sacramento. 4 miles
below Freeport. It has upon It a house and
a good barn, about 50 acres upland, the re-
mainder lowland; appraised in the Superior
Court of Sacramento In the matter of the
estate of said Strothmann, deceased, at J26.-
-370. Assessed for ISPS: Land. $10,000; Improve-
ments. $2000. There are 2777 bearing fruit trees
on the farm and 278 non-bearing.
Further information will be trlven at the
office of McKUNE & GEORGE, attorneys for
referee. Sacramento, and at the office of the
undersigned. LOEWY & GUTBCH,
Attorneys for heirs, 503 California St., San
Francisco.
October 17, 1899.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California. In th«
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having Its office and
place of business In the city anil county of
San Francisco State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of Han
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judcm«iil of dissolution of raid corporation,
and that MONDAY, November IS. 1899. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court,
Department No. 2, In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October, 18?9.
WM A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
fg»al 1
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KLIPSTEIN— In this city, October 22. ISM, to
the wife of William E. E. Klipstein, a daugh-
ter.
MEYER— In this city. October 22. 1899. to the
wife of Dr. A. G. Meyer, a son.
DIED. "
Bernstein, Julius C. Lee. Hannah
Chavanette, Joseph Malley. Thomas J.
Collins, Emma B. Marks, Mrs. Johanna
Crew, Amanda C. Leavitt. Mary
Gatto. John McAllister. John
Griffin, Hugh Maureteen, Martin
Harvey, Charles Mlchaells, George
Haskell. George S. Mueller. Charles
Hessler, John Price, May
Hill, Anna L. Reid. Lois H.
Hornioh, Pauline Satchweii. John
H. well, Leverett Staengel. r hart
Keegan, Peter Stampers, Edmond W.
Larson (infant) Yon Hadeln. Peter J.
BERNSTEIN— this city. October 22, 1899,
Julius C. Bernstein, father of Sigmund, Au-
gust, Leah and Louis Bernstein, a native of
Germany, aged 53 years 2 months and 3 days.
CHAVANETTE— this city. October 20. 1899
Joseph Chavanette, beloved son of Mr. and
Mrs. Chavanette, brother of Marceln. Chava-
nette, and grandson of Mrs. Marguerite
Nogueres, a native of France, aged 24 years
8 months and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2 Winter lane, off Mason street, be"-
tween Union and Green, thence to the French
Church of N'ofr. Dame dcs Victolres where
services will be held.
COLLINS— In the Presidio, October 22. 1593 at
the residence of Mrs. James E. Britt. Emma
Beach Collins, widow of the late Captain
Charles L. Collins, Twenty-third U. 3. In-
fantry, a native of New for! ■.
IT7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, from the chapel of the
Presidio. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
ildlo.
CREW— In this city, October 21, 18&9, Amanda
C, beloved wife of John S. Crew, and mother
of Mrs. M. J. Chlldress, a native of Virginia
aged SO years and 1 month. *
GATTO— In this city, October 21, 1599, John
beloved husband of Mary Gatto, and father
of John. Andrew, Celestina and Alblna Gatto
and Mrs. A. Chellnl, a native of Italy aged
4? years.
GRIFFIN— In this city, October 22, ISM Hugh
Griffin, a native of Moycullen, County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 88 years and 7 months
(Washington, D. C, papers please copy )
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of th» United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Peter's Church, Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, where a requiem
high mass win be celebrated for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock.
HARVEY— In the City and County Hospital
October 21, 1859, Charles Harvey, a native of
England, aged 60 years.
HASKELL— In this city, October 22. 1593
George S., beloved husband of Mary L. Has-
keli, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 67 years
(C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 310 Scott street. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
HESSLER— In this city, October 22, 1893, John
beloved husband of Annie Hessler. and father-
of John Henry, Mary Ellen and George Ed-
ward Hessler, a native of Stockholm, Sweden,
aged C 2 years. 5 months and 20 days.
tryNotlcc of funeral hereafter.
IILNRY d. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan * Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
SO Fifth it. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8».
McAVOY «fc CO..
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1230 Market st., between Sth and »th. 4
MM^M^^^iMimSm?^ South 247. " ? |
HILL— In Sausalito, October 21, IS9B, Anna L.,
beloved mother of Josephine. Elizabeth, Wil-
liam B. and Thomas L. Hill, a native of
Canada, aired 71 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Sausalito. Intermpnt I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery- Friends desiring to nttend the funeral
will take the 11 o'clock Hausallto boat.
HORNICH— In this city. October 21, 1893,
Pauline, wife of Joseph Hornich. a native of
Berlin, Germany, aged 47 years.
HOWELL— In this city, October 22. 1899, at the
residence of Mrs. C. A. Fisher. Leverett
Ho well, a native of New Haven. Conn., aged
71 years 7 months and 1 day.
KEEGAN— In this city, October 22, 1899, Peter,
beloved husband of Maria Keegan, and father
of Mamie Keegan, a native of County Ar-
magh. Ireland, aged 53 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4368 Jessie street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LARSON— In this city, October 22. 1899. Infant
daughter of Charles and Julia Larson, and
grandchild of Mrs. Hartz, a native of San
Francisco.
LEAVITT— In this city, October 21, 1899, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Charles H. Leavltt,
and mother of Isabella Joslln, Arabella Fow-
ler and Samuel H. Leavltt, a native of Ire-
land, aged 60 years. (Placer County papers
please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 414 Fulton street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LEE— In this city, October 20, 1899, Hannah,
beloved wife of Joseph Lee, and mother of
.Mrs. Louise E. Donald and Miss Ada L<?e, a
native of England, aged C 6 years 10 months
and 13 days.
(T^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 442 ('ruerrorn street, thence to St.
John's Chun h, Fifteenth street, near Valen-
cia, where services will be held at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MCALLISTER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 21, IM>», John McAllister, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 62 year*.
MALLEY— In this city, October 22, 1899. Thomas
J.. beloved son of Thomas and Alice Malley,
and brother of Margaret. J. J., Patrick and
C. J. Malley. Mrs. E. ODea and Mrs. John
J. Hughes, a native of County Klldare, Ire-
land, aged 32 years 9 months and 7 days.
(TTNotiee of funeral hereafter.
MARKS— In this city, October 22. 1899, Mrs.
Johanna Marks, a native of Posen, Germany,
aged 74 years and 8 months. (Sacramento pa-
pers please copy.)
[CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, S. M. Marks, 2527 Fillmore street.
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:39
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets By request please omit flowers.
MAI'RRTZKN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 22, ISW. Martin Mauretzen, a na-
tive of Norway, aged El years.
MKHAELIS- In this city, October 21, 1899,
<;■ ri'e Miehaelis, beloved husband of Helene
Michaelis, and father of George E.. Emile
and Tlllie Mlchaelis and Mrs. Richard T.
Kessler, a native of Rauensteln, Germany,
ap"l 35 years S months nnd 19 days. A mem-
ber of Verein Eintracht; Germanla Stamm
No. S3, U. O. R. M.. and Yerba Buena Lager
No. S, IT.l T . O. R- M. (New York papers please
copy,
[C7"FrlPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3117 Sacramento street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
MUELLER— In this city, October 22. 1899,
Charles Mueller, a native of Hamburg, aged
47 years 8 months and 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from the undertaking parlors of
Theo lilerks. 057 Mission str-.'t. between
Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
PRICE— In the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 22. I^l9, May Price, a native of New
York, aared 33 yars.
REU '-In this city, I ictober 22. 1899. Lois Hazel,
beloved and only child of Nellie L. and Mau-
rice C. Reid, B native of Oregon, aged 3 years
4 months and 14 days.
SATCHWELL In this city, October 22. 18W.
John, bel ived husband of the late Margaret
Satchwell, a native of England, aged t'.» years
1 month and 2G days.
STAMPERS— In this city, October 21, 1599, Ed-
mond Wiers, y^ngest son of Maggie Stamp-
ers, and granilsM-' ,•; Mrs. Margaret Wiers, a
native of Petaltima. Cal., aced 3 years 11
months and 2' 1 days.
STAENGEL— In this city, October 22, 1899.
Eberhaii Staengel, husband of the late Fran-
t Bca Staengel, and father of Emma, Amelia
nnd Otto Staengel, Mrs. <;. 1 iN-ri? and Mrs. .1.
Steffens, a native of Stuttgart, Germany, aged
77 years and 4 months.
YON HADELN— In this city, October 20, 1899
at his residence. 1601 Powell street, Peter J.
Hadeln. son of the late John and Hen-
rietta, and brother of Annie v m Hadeln, a
native of San Francisco, asej S3 years.
(T7"Fnend? are respectfully invited to at-
tend Hie funeral services this day (Monday).
at 1 30 o'clock, at his late residence, 1601
Powell street.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J Hatch. San Jo?h J "\V Hayward, N T
0 X Thnmpßi.n, \V Va L T Wright, Ca]
Mrs O X Thompson, G \V Bowers, Chicago
W Ya p p Van Vliet Term
M H Weil, N V Mrs P P Van" Vliet.
M 'le Vrie?, Stockton | Memphis
J X Pitts, Pa W B Hill, N T
W H Powell, Colo p Jansa La
Mrs W H Powell, Colo Mrs T 1? Clapham,
L Dero, Havre Honolulu
Mrs C r> Warren, 111 W W Crossley N V
MISS H "U'arren. 11l C L Holman, Topeka
L! M Munday, 111 J H Bold, N V
J Annan, London Mrs J H Bold, N V
Mrs .1 Annan, London It W Canfleld La
A C Bingham, Cal W Hordwell t.a
BClss X HoOilvray.Can G J Weber, Mo
II Bigelow, Boston Mrs G 1 Weber, Mo
Mrs H Bigelow, Mass W P Hammon, Orov
< ' 11 Hunter, lowa \ Mrs W P Hammon,
J \v Buyers, Eng ; Oroviiie
C .1 Buyers, V.ng r>r O D Norton, t'SX
W L Buyers, Eng :<; sterling, v s N
T Tonge, IVnevpr j J M Lakman, Cal
Mrs T Tonge, Colo .1 F Parks. Jackson
]' Kcwane, Sacto J X Davis, CaJ
A Q Trirkham. C>ak X C Yoorhels, Cal
Mrs A G Turkham, Ok J M Goodwin, Mass
H W Qlllenwater, Cal T W B I^ndon, Or
A C Thompson. IT B A L M G Peterson Pa
A F Sparks, Ohio W G Henry, Chicago
Mrs A F Srarks. O ; H Herz, N V
S C Drake, Chicago E H Stoothoff, N T
D C O'Reilly, Or C W Bird. N V
F Farnsworth, 111
GRAND HOTEL.
M C Benton. Ariz C E Nelron, New Ynrk
J W Smith, L Ang W A Henleln, U S N
<; Scott, Chicago C L Wets?, Pa
R P Barr *s. Sacto L H Smith, OS N
G E King, Seattle Mrs B Peck, ''hie-ago
L w Irwin, New York !J B Cheney, Ktniiwrth
8 T Jones. Portland |R E Lind»r. You Bet
J McArthur. Fall Rivr it Richardson, you Bet
A I 1 Hall & w. VlsaliaN H Jack & w, Btktn
L F Dickson. S Cruz I H Parker &w. Cal
B P Plat't. Bants Cruz Miss A Parker Penryn
C T Richmond. S Jose W M Nurer, Calaveras
F Allbrlght & w, S JselW H Hubbard, Helsey
F M Wellman & w, B D Mason. Placervllle
San Jnse J Chadbourne, Plcastn
W E Hlpglns * w, S J C Williams. New York
J TTeakOW, Crockett Mrs E L Smith. Sacto
A J Duncan. Crockett IT Qulst. New York
C C Whlpple. Son Jose Mr» M A Gflkinson,
311 Whlpple. San Jose OreenwKood
Mrs C E Mcl>-.ui.Mich Miss A Pougherty. Cal
\S' F Askew, Portland Q X f;ardnor. Oroviiie
1 A Donahln, L Ang F C'lecve. Sonoma
J I) Morley. L Ang iA 3 McSorley, S Andrs
H G Church, Chicago iJ A Edwards & w,
Pr Blodgett, Tulare , Stockton
J E Ward. Modesto |R Barcroft, Merced
F A Scheller. Fresno A J Larson. Lodl
C H Eaton. R.-.io E B Johnson, L Ang
Mrs F Halgh. 8 Roaa'R M Ji-hnson. Sonora
J X Hopkins, B Rosa C W Billings, P.oston
G H Brown, L Ang J B Hoyt. Birds Lndg
NF.W WESTERN HOTEL.
B Fisher, Madera ! E M Ij«wis & w, Or
S D Craig. Vacavllle Mrs J Whelan. N V
C R Jewell. Vacavllle C H Ball, Stockton
W O'Neil, Vallejo It T Sweetmnn, Cal
J Mahon, Sin Jos« iW H Dickinson, Sacto
C B Hopkins, Cal S Connolly, Truckee
F Barnes Riverside A R Moulton, Chicago
M Donaldson, Cal M P.yan, Lr»s Angeles
H Thompson, Sacto J D Ross, Los Angeles
U G Wilson, Cal F Dlxon. Stockton
"A Breach of Promise."
Charles A. Miller Introduced his com
{ pany In the laughable farce comedy "A
Breach of Promise" at the California last
I evening. The plot Is a kind of now-you-
I see-me-now-you-don't affair, and merely
introduced to serve as an excuse for a
piny. This fact does not, however, de
! tract anything from the merit of the play,
i which Is a collection of very clever v.'i
-1 riety features. Ther* are especially ono
' or two acts which are superlatively fun
ny, and others very clever. The hit of the
! evening was an imitation of John Philip
Sousa by Burt Haverly, which was not
only comical, but such an exact reproduc
tion of the original that its very realism
had a telling effect. This part of the per
formance alone Is worth while going to
the California to see. Rosa Crouch is a
graceful terpslchoroan artist and acrobat.
' Nellie Sennett gave a very entertaining
! sketch of the "new woman." Burt Jordan
j danced exceedingly unique. Miss Oirard
' exhibited a neat parlor voice. Tony Pearl
and Memphis Kennedy presented an orig
inal and entertaining musical sketch.
There was laughter galore, and the au
; dlence left in a merry mood.
ALFRED MBTZOER.
Actor Moffer Found.
Actor Moffer. the nine-yoar-old lad who
has been missing from his home at 211
Perry street since last Monday, was found
Saturday night by his mother at Hlfi Pow
ell street, a house occupied by a Spanish
family. The boy says that a man offered
to take him home as he was leaving a
street car, but instead took him to the
strnnge house on Powell street. Detective
Dillon Is investigating the matter.
YACHT RACE AFFORDS
TEXT FOR A SERMON
Rev. E. A. Woods. D. D., pastor of the
First Baptist Church, preached last night
in the auditorium of the Y. M. C. A.
building. He took for his subject "The
Lessons to Be Drawn from the Inter
national Yacht Race." The sermon in
part was as follows:
TVe are all running a race, and our life
may b« compared to th* ocean. There are
winds; there are waves; there are rocks;
and when you think of life's ocean, think
also of life'B wrecks.
The first requisite of a swift racing yacht
is a pood model. In a modern race all de
pends on the model. The yacht designers
have not yet arrived at a perfect one. A
Christian in life'g race has a model— a per
fect model.
There Is another lesson we may draw
from the race. How carefully prepared
these vessels were. Their hulls were
scraped and polished and cleaned, that they
might offer no obstructing surface to the
waves. If our lives are not kept clean
and pure and bright we Bhall lose the
race.
Yet another lesson. How helplessly the
beautiful yachts drifted when there was
no breeze — no motive power. That is the
fault of many a man and woman. Th<-y
drift aimlessly. They have no end in
view. AnothVr point: A yacht needs a
captain. How cafe you feH In the care of
a good captain. How much his captain
means to a Christian man. His captain,
who will govern, guard, guide him. Christ
Is our model, our power to drive us on to -
success In the race and to guide us safely
into port when It is won.
REV. DR. RADER TALKS
ON LIFE OF MOSES
The Rev. William Rader delivered a
strong sermon on the life of Moses and Its
significance, to the congregation of the
Third Congregational Church last even-
Ing. He spoke in part as follows:
Moses had been sent up on the heights,
to the peak dedicated to Xebo, to die. His
work was done. In words of rare elo
quence he takes farewell of the tribes.
They have followed him through deserts
and battles, In the deecrlptlon of which
Moses has been transformed frnm shep
herd to emancipator. But a century of
events have not made htm forget the good
will of God. Between the extremes of his
youth and old age stretches a mighty life,
the most majestic In Jewish history. Let
us study It as young men living in a grow
ing city and in a time calling for strong
men.
First, we must have the courage of
memory- Moses could read history without
regret. The young man who has seen no
fire In his life, who has been thrilled by
no Inspiration, has lost something better
than a college diploma. He hasloet power;
he has never "come to himself."
A Maori Missionary.
Among the passengers on the steamer
Moana, which arrived from New Zealand
Friday, was a Maori preacher, Whera
hiko Rawei. He comes from Manga
whero, Otahu, a village on the W an
ganui River. His mother, a well edu
cated Moari. belonged to the famous
Xgatiapa tribe, was married to a Euro
pean In the Government service. Rawel,
till the age of 12, lived as a native, but
on being sent to school at Wellington
proved an apt scholar. He developed a
remarkable gift for poetry, and trans
lated Sankey's hymns into the native
.Maori. He "will remain in this country
live monthß.
Struck a Blind Boy.
Because John Young, a blind boy, re
fused to allow Frank Slater, a burly
hoodlum, to take a horse from the for
mer's stable last evening, after Slater
had nearly driven him to death during
Tlio day, he turned upon the helpless boy
and beat him in a most brutal mariner.
Young, though helpless, is an industrious
youth and own? several horses, which he
rente out. Slater having used one of them
during the day. Fatrolman C. B. Harris
placed Slater under arrest on the charge
of battery.
Weather Report.
(12nth Meridian, Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 22. sp. m. !
The following maximum temperatures -were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka —I San Diego 76
Fresno 64 1 Sacramento 64
Los Angeles 6S Independence 62
Red Bluff sS.Yuma 84
San Luis Oblspo 62 .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60 degrees; minimum, 52; mean, fi6.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is rising slowly over the Pacific
Coast. Durlne the past twenty-four hours
there has been a rise of 0.2 of an inch over the
YV'ashlgton coast. The pressure continues low
over Arizona, Utah and Southern California.
The temperature has fallen about 10 degrees
over Utah; It has remained nearly stationary
elsewhere.
Rain lips fallen generally over the coast. A
thunderstorm is reported at Fresno.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the northwest Is reported at Inde
pendence.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 23. ISS9:
For Northern California — Cloudy Monday,
with showers in the southern portion early In
the morning; southerly wind, changing to west
erly.
For Southern California— Light showers early
Monday morning; clearing; light southwesterly
winds.
For Nevada— Showers Monday.
For Utah— Showers Monday.
For Arizona— Showers Monday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Light show
ers early Monday morning, fair during the day;
light southerly changing to fresh westerly
winds.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the heicht or' tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 23.
Sun rises 6:26
Pun sets 5:20
Moon rises 9:06 p. m.
O ITimel ITimel Time Time
» I 1 Ft. Ft. ] Ft. Ft.
<? H W I- W !H W L W
23 ... 3:24 4.4 7:46 3.1 1:56 5.4 9:09—0.1
24 ... 4:34 1.4 C:50 3.2 2:50 5.0 10:04 0.2
25 .. 5:30 4.5 10:12 3.2 3:52 4.8 10:59 0.5
26... 6:25 4.81 11:39 3.1 5:08 4.2 11:49 0.9
27 ... r:10 4.9 12:50 2.S 6:20 4.0
L W H W| L W[ ill W
2S ... 0:34 1.2 7:43 5.0 1:44 2.3. 7:29 4.0
29 ... l:22| 1.4 8:151 5.2 2:25! 1.8| 8:29| 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are piven in the left
har.d column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column tha third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
Unt tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
ilven a r e In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean n( the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 1 From. I Due.
L,u<*lla i Coos Bay Oct. 23
Fulton • Portland Oct. 23
Willamette Seattle Oct. 23
Weeott 'Humboldt Oct. 23
Bristol (Departure Bay .«...|Oet. 23
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 2:t
Corona fan Diego Oct. 2!
Alliance Portland.......* Oct. »
South Portland. Tacoma Oct. 23
Areata •• Coos Bay {Oct. 23
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 14
Robt Adamson Nanaimo Oct. 24
Miami Seattle Oct. 24
Empire Coos Bay Oct. 21
Washtenaw .... Tacoma........ : Oct. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor "..... Oct. 24
Orizaba ........ Newport... Oct. 23
Point Arena.... 'Point Arena... Oct. 2?
Aberdeen ....... [Portland Oct. 26
Mackinaw Tacoma (Oct. 26
Columbia ...... Portland..... Oct. 27
Santa Rosa..... San Diego Oct. 27
Wellington Departure Bay. Oct. 27
Bertha .......... St. Michael. Oct. 23
Curacao ........ Mexico Oct. 28
Portland St. Michael Oct. 23
Coca Bay .'. Newport.. — - Oct. 23
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 29
Queen ..' Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 29
Acapulco Panama Oct. 30
Flintshire Yokohama.. Oct. 30
1 Homer .......... St. Michael..... Nov. 1
TO SAIL
Steamer I Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Walla Wall Vic & Pgt Sd. Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 0
Coos Bay.... Newport Oct. 23, 9 am Pier 11
Weeott Humboldt Oct. 23, 2 pm Pier 13
! Luella Humboldt..... Oct. 23, 10 am Pier 2
■ Gaelic iChlna&Japan Oct. 24. 1 pnvP.MSS
Samoa Humboldt Oct. 24. 10 am Pier 2
Corona .... San Diego..... Oct. 25. 11 am, Pier 11
State of CallPortland Oct. 25. 10am!Pier 2*
Alliance ....[Oregon Ports. Oct. 25, 10 am, Pier 20
Areata '. Coos Bay Oct-25, 10 am Pier 13
Newburg ... Grays Harbor Oct. 26, 5 pm
Pomona .... Humboldt Oct. 26, 2 pm Pier 3
Orizaba .... Newport Oct. 27, 9 am Pier 11
| Peru Panama Oct. 28, 12 mjPMSS
Umatilla ... Vic & Pgt Sd. Oct. 28. 10 am Pier 9
Point Arena Point Arena.. Oct. 28. 2 pm Pier 2
I Santa Rosa. San Diego Oct. 29, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia ... Portland [Oct. 30, 10 am Pier 24
Shipping Intelligence.
m 1 . — »
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 22.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 25 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Brunswick, ' Andresen, 32 hours from
Pan Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Gage, 58% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 44? l hours.
Stmr Senator, Patterson. 30 days 20 hours
from Manila, via Nagasaki 21 days, via Yoko
hama 17 days.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 12 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 17 hours from Green
wood.
Schr Mary C, Madsen, 12 hours from Fort
Ross. •:-•■.-,-
SAILED.
Sunday, October 23.
Stmr Tlllamook, Anflndsen, Caspar.
Stmr Townsend, McKenzie. .
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor. :-i.. \->.-;-::v
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen, Eureka.
Ger bark H Hackfeld, Barber, Lelth.
Bktn Gardiner City. Schmell, Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Land-
Ins.
Schr Laura Madsen. Jorgenson, Grays Har
bor.
TELEGRAPHIC:
POINT LOBOS, Oct 22. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Samoa, from Eureka. Oct 22—15
miles WXW of Point Reyes a full-rigged ship
was flying ensign and four signal flags; dis
tance too far to make out her name. ]
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Senator, from Manila Oct 22— Lat
37 22 N, lon 130 W, Br ship showing letters
M X H L, bound from Newcastle, Aus; 30 miles
west of the Farallones saw an Iron full-rigged i
ship bound In.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 22— Schr F S Redfleld,
from San Pedro.
BANDON— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Conflanza,
hence Sept 29.
CRESCENT ClTY— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
COOS Arrived Oct 22— Schr Ivy, from
San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 22— Stmra Alliance and Empire and
schr Gotama, for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Oct Schr Jennie Stella,
for Son Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 22— Ship Spartan, hnc
Oct 5; stmr Lakme. from St Michael: stmr
Humboldt; V S etmr Patterson, from cruise.
Sailed Oct Stmr City of Topeka, for
Skaguay; stmr Humboldt, for ; stmr Miami.
for San Francisco; stmr Willamette, for San
Francisco.'
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 22— Ger ship Niobe.
from Nagasaki: Br bark Forfarshlre. from Port
Los Angeles; Br ship Fulwood, from Iquique;
Btmr Columbia, hence Oct 20.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Geo Loo
mls, hence Oct 21.
Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Geo Loomls, for San
Francisco; schr Fanny Dutard, for Port Blake
ley.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 22— Schr
Inca, from Honolulu, for Port Hadlock; bark
J D Peters, from Comox. for Santa Rosalia;
bark Topgallant, hence Oct 1, for Port Blake-
e BOWENB LANDING— SaiIed Oct 22— Stmr
Navarro, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Oct 22— Schr Excelsior,
for Port Blakeley.
. TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW -Arrived Oct 22— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 22 — Stmr
Koenlgen Luis, from New York, for Bremen.
HAVRE— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
BOSTON— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr Hiernlan.
from Glasgow: stmr Sylvania. from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 22— Stmr Cam
pania, for New York, from Liverpool.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western and Denver
and Rio Grande railways In connection
with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco dally at 8
a. m.
Through Double Drawing- Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining- Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street.
W. H. SNEDAKER, General Agent
Santa Fe Route
*4g
|LOS«MCEUS *PHOENIH
IW^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO, .
™ THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 680 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVKRY DETAIL. ■
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am {10:10 am Stockton 3:40 pm 6:00 ptn
9:10 am I 2:06 pm Merced flS:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am I 6:tt pm Ft — a M:00 am 1:41 pot
11.-SS am I 7:46 pm Banford T7:00 am 1:45 pan
1:25 pm {12:80 am Bakerafleld i 1:00 am 11:09 am
11:59 am t6:25 pm Vlsalla t:2*am I:2lpm
12:15 pm t6:SS pm Tulare_ 4:25 am »l:0S pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 623 Market St.]
Tel. Main UIL
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway. . J ,
Sacramento Office. 201 J st -:
San Jose Office. 1 West Santa Clara at. j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 1889. ' ■■
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— •7:00. •9:80. 11:00 a. m.; 'l:^
•3:40, 6:15, 00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Rai
ael, on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
6UNDAYS-»8:00. •10:00, *11^0 a. m.; «l:I5.
«:15, *4:45, 4:SO, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:25, »6:85. 7:45. »9:40 a. m ';
•12:30. 2:15, '3:40, »5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
6UNDAYS-6:20. '8:00. •10:00. 11:45 a. m.-
-•1:40. *3: 15. 4:45, '6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
I WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 9:45 a. n». :
U.K. 2:35. 5:45 5:20 p. m. . . *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
! Eaturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 1:15, 1.-ao.
»:W. 6:45 p. m *•» «*
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations
1:40 p. m. Saturdays — and Tray stations.
1:60 a. m. Sundays— and way atatlona.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Sun Francisco via BausaJtto Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY. October L 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. ax.
Far« 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
, THOB. COOK & SON. A«ta.. ealurket st.
WBBIOf Call $1.00 nor Year
AUCTION SALES
c —
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer, 927 Market St., bet. sth and Gth.
By order of the executors of the estate of
Marie Bechtel. Union Trust Company of San
Francisco and Dr. Charles Jones. I will sell
at auction
THIS DAY.
MONDAY October 23. 1539
At 10 o'clock a. m. (note the hour), on the
premises,
NO. 1455 FRANKLIN ST., NEAR SUTTER,
The elegant furnishings of residence, • com-
prising oak and mahogany par chamber and
dining room furnishings, hand-painted Havi-
land china, fine bedding, lace curtains, rich
portieres, pictures, clock, ornaments, 2 very
elegant carved oak dressing mirrors, oak par-
lor cylinder and flat top desks, Wilton car-
pets, two Domestic sewing machines. 2 oak
•hew and cutting tables, also about 150 lots.
of : dress goods and finishing material, laces,
trimmings, ribbons; all selected by Mme. Max
Bechtel in Paris.
TO DAY, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23.
£a fc» £*
■ Will Sell at
J. D. HORAN'S STOCK AND SALES YARDS,
CORNER TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
At 11 o'clock a. m..
80 head ' of well-bred broken and unbroken
horses, ranging from '000 to 1300 pounds. . ."iv". ' ■
_ S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE!
|g&^ WP&: jfefe*, £*
AT ORMONDE SALE STABLES,
1515 MISSION STREET^ ■
Between Eleventh and Twelfth, San Francisco,
TUESDAY AT 11 O'CLOCK,
Of All Classes of Horses direct from the coun-
try; We will be pleased to show the above.
Stock In Harness any time up to day of sale,
i as we handle nothing but Broke Horses.
Persons having use for any kind of Horses
will find it to their best Interests to attend
these sales, as we will positively sell to highest
bidder without limit or reserve.  .- .
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
C 7 N. B.— Sales of Horses direct from th«
ocuntry every Tuesday at 11 a. m.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
••I Till pacific COMPANY.
■ • , (PACIFIC UYMTEM.)
Trains l*mc itntl me «lv« in itrrlve »l
WAN i'KANCIM'M.
(Main Line, Foot of -Market Street.)
! leave — From October 18, 1899. — *rr:vi
■ ' *7:OOa Bcnlcla. Suisun and Sacramento •7i43p
i •7:00 a Marvsvillc, Orovflle via Woodland,
Elmira. Vacavillo and Rumsejr.... •7t46p
•T:OOa Shasta Express— Davis. Willows.
Red Bluff, Portland "7i«Bf
i •7iSO a Martiuer-, Son Ramos, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistngasuid Santa ltos.i *Ot}Bp
! •8:00* The OTerUud limited— Oeden,
Omaha. Chicago # 3i15»
•SiIIOa Shii .loss, Livennore. Stockton,
lone, bacraincuto, PlacerrlUe.
M:irysTlllf, Chico, lted 1t1iiir...... »4il»r
•*i3Oa •Milton, Oakdalo and Houora *4:15p
' •0:00 a Ilayvrards, Kik-sanu Way Stations. •! I»4»a
•OiOOa Atlantis r.iprsss— Ogden and Bast »I»:48a
•l»:OO.v Martinez, Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton,
Merced end Fresno •l*«18p
: •»iooa Fresii!., IJakcrsfml ■'. .Santa Hnrli«ra,
lies Argeles. l;omlcg. El £>so,
Now Orleans and F.aet .7. ... *ot4Hp
•IO:«Oa Vajlejo, MaKinez and Way Stations •~:1."»f
•1 1 :OOa Hajwards. Nilcs and Way Stations. •»i4Bp
• 12:00 m Nil a, Liicrmore, Stockton, Sacra- <
tncuto, Menduta, Ilanford, Viaalla.
Vi rtervlllo 4 x 1 5
1 1:00 v Sacramento 1 liver ,Stc»incrß fStOOp
■3:00r wards, Niies and Way Stations. *3i45p
*4i<tor> Martinez, Hau ltnmnii. Vallejo,
Nopa, I,'allntiign, Santa I Josh *Vilßa
•I:«ih- Benicla, Vacavillo, .Sacruinento,
Woodland, Knielits Landing,
■ ■-•: Maryarlllo, Ororlllo »10:45 a
• •4«30r Miles, San .Toco and Stockton «7:13»
; •3:oopTlii Ovrl. Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
15.il.crr field. Saiigus for Santa Bar-
bara, Loa Angcirs •9:45 a.
•3i!»Op Stockton, Merced, l'resuo •12«15p
•StSOp Martinez, Tracy, Mcndota, Fresno,
'Mojavo and I, on Aiisclcs # Bi43a
j •3<Sop Hnnta Fa lloutc— Atlantic Kiprem
for MojiiTi) mill Kaat *ot4sp
•8:O0p Hay wards, Xilesand ,San Jose •7i4.'>a
fCtSOf Vnllejo »l)e:l5p
Oriental Mail— and East «»«50p
t~:OOr Vallejo, lor, Costa and Way ,SU-
. ticDS... J»:33p
*S:OSi> Oregon and California Kxiireaa,Mae-
nuneiito. MarjHvillc, l't-tltltnu.
IVirtliui.). I'i-.'l. Son i i.l vii.l Kast «»:I^A.
COAST DIVISION {Narrow (imino).
(Foot of Mtulcct Street.) ■ ,
•8«I3a ' ■■iit.(TTi!le,Ssn.loBe,l''clton,
Boulder Cruz and Way
Stations »5»30p
. fSilOp Newark, Ccntt-rTillc, San Jose, Now
. Almadcn, Fclton, ISoiildcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations tlO:.-JWA
•4:1 Up Newark, Han Jose, Los Gatos. •9i2o*
til: lop Hunters' Excursion, San Joee and
. Way Stations jTigQi>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrooSl!! FRttiClSCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:16 0:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 ■ *2:00 |3:0O
•4:00 JB:OO *6:OOiMH.
frcsOllUSD— Fool «f BrondwuT.— "o:oo 8:00 10:00 a. U.
112:00 '1:00 12:00 -3:00 ti:QO ■ "5:O0l-.M.
COAST l»l VISION (Ilroail Gauge).
(Third ;iiitl Townaentl St 3.) '
<6:10.\ Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. fOiSOp
•TiOOa San Joee anil Way Stations (New
Aliiiaden Wednesdays only) *li 80»
*9iOOa Shu .lose, Tres Pines, .Santa Cruz,
Pacific (<ro«o. Paso Itoblcs, San
Luis Oliispi), Surf, Lompoc and
J'lincipal Wny Stations »4il«p
•IO:4Oa Ban Jose mid Way Stations # <li3Sa
•II:aOA Baa Joss and Way Stations •SiBop
f3i43rSan Alateo, ltcdwood, Meulo Park,
•-'■■-"--- Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joso,
Tres Pitios, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacific Grove tlOtBt)A
♦»i»«p San Joso and Way Stations •7iBi>p
f I :l3i* San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:43 a
♦3:00p Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations tßi*4»A
*.1:aOp San.Toso ami Principal Way Station! *8:33 a
•6:aop San Josa and Way Station t»:OOA
>11:45p San Jose and Way Stations *7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Daily. ; t Sunday excepted. } Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £1. CO.
-. .-■ LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. -'
Tlbupon Perry. Foot of Marktt 6t,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BUN'DAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:JO. 3:30
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20,- 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. ...
- Between San Francisco and SchuetKn-' Park
same schedule as above. ■
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
• October 15. • »
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
, Dayi. days. Destination days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petajuma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am . Windsor. . 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
S:SO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 4:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and
;>■-•,:'.- 8:00 am Uki.ih. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am - 10:25 am
. I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3180 pm .. ; ■ *:22 pj»
■7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma . 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25-am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm . . 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
'■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
1 for Lytton Springs; at dsyserville for Skaggs
Springs,; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
1 Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
I port and Bartlett Springs; at L'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
' Dell:Lalce. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
I Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's,
i Buckn?ll"», Sanhedrin Heights. Hullrllle.
Boonevllle. Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
S Navarro Whitesboro. Albion. Little River.
i Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
' Westport. Usal, Willitts, Laytonvtlle. Cum-
i mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
| Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
j duced rates. ...
•On Sunday* round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■
Ticket Offices. C5O Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
■ General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
a Gibbon's Dispensary, jj
625 KK ABS V NT. ' Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. I 'he doctor cures when '
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
('iirmvuaranlrrd. Call or write.
j Dr. 4. *■'- UIBBOKi Box 1937. San Francisco.
910
UGLY CHARGES
FOLLOW MALLEI'S
SUDDEN DEATH
Dr. W. M. Foster Is
Involved.
DEAD MAN'S MONEY MISSING
EXPIRED WHILE PHYSICIAN
GAVE CHLOROFORM.
John McCann, Friend of the Deceased.
Claims That Death Ensued Be-
Cause the Doctor Did Not
Heed His Warning.
Thomas J. Mailer, a carriage painter,
who resided at 9194 Natoma street, lost !
bis life yesterday afternoon at the Pill j
Box drug store. 1039 Market street, while
Dr. W. M. Poster, Dr. D. Maclean and a
clerk named C. 11. Crawford were at- !
tempting to put him under the Influence \
of chloroform preparatory to performing
an operation. During the time that Inter- ,
vened between the man's death and the
arrival of the Morg-ue deputies »'•» in gold .
■was taken from his pocKets. John F. Me- |
Cann. who accompanied [alley, throws
the responsibility of the missing money
on Dr. Poster, proprietor of the Pill Box. ;
He also charges that the man's death was (
due to the unskillful manner iv which the
anaesthetic was administered. Dr. Foster
asserts that he saw McConn remove the
money from the pockets of his dead
friend. All of the doctor's statements do j
not agrree. He told one story to the I
Morgue deputies, and, later in the even-
Ing gave aa entirely different version of ;
the affair.
According to the statement of McCann. •
who was a member of the hospital corps I
at Manila, he was a friend of MaUey. Mal
ley had asked him earlier In the day for
financial aid to have the operation per- ,
formed, and Just before the two went to
the Pill Box McCann gave him JlO which ':
the painter placed in a buckskin bag in
his trousers pocket.
"While they were administering the
chloroform," said McCann, "I felt Mal
ley's pulse, and, noticing that it was get- ;
ting very weak, cautioned the doctors.
Dr. Maclean replied that he was getting
along all right, and that there was noth- ;
ing to fear. [stepped back for a few mo- i
ments when the clerk, who was assisting
Poster to administer the drug, whispered j
something to him, anu aim immediate
ly the operating table was tipped up and
the trio attempted to resuscitate the man j
by means of artificial respiration.
""After working over him for some time
they threw up their hands and, looking
nt me • alingly, announced that they
could do nothing more and that Malley
was dead. They were very much ex
cited and rushed around the place like
a lot of crazy men. I left almost im
mediately after assisting in dressing Mal
ley. At that tin he had in his pockets
the money that 1 had given him. A
thing thut struck me peculiarly was the :
evident desire of Foster and his clerk to I
get me to leave as soon "as possible."
The Morgue officials say that the first
thing Poster told them when they visited
his place was that McCann had taken
flO from the ad man's clothing and was
probably spending it getting drunk. ■ The
lit'iiuties found a small amount of sliver !
and the empty buckskin pouch in Mal
ley's pockets. The top of the pouch had
been cut open.
Dr. Foster asserted last evening that
Malley died from cardiac spasm.
"It was one of those cases," he said,
"that we cannot foresee. He was talk
ing to us almost a minute before he
showed signs of apse. The man Mc-
Cann is no pood He is trying to give ,
me n black eye because I told the deputies j
that he took that money. He did take it, i
and I can prove it by my clerk."
Within the past month the Coroner has
had to investigate several cases with
which Dr. Foster has been connected.
d a native
or Ireland. He was unmarried.
I r Parker* a Cure. One dose will stop
Us. Try it. 2:,<.\ All druggists*
PRESSMEN ON A PICNIC.
Saluted the Returning lowans From
Harbor View.
Tho San Francisco Printing Pressmen's
Union X'i. -4 had a day off yesterday,
at Harbor View Park at
;*l was a most successful out
ing and the crowds that attended went
vII :i a day well Spent
There were gate and game prizes w;:).
--number and in.- people had all they
keep track of them.
The con i charge of the event
was i •' Prank Ballinger <cha!r-
J. .1. Kronholm, A. W'ilkie, F.
T. J. Murphy. Pete
'. J. M. Sehinkel and
The floor committee was
I ; nd, I ;-<>rge Gates,
Steve Kan.-, William Griswold and D.
• it, chairman and floor manager.
The pressm< n and the Harbor View
people had the h..i:..r of first saluting the
returning transport Senator as she came
In under full head of steam.
Weary brains. n< ■ • adaches.sleeples3
nes* quick!; ■ : . Soda, 10c.
A baby has just been born In Balta,
Shetland Isles, an event that has no pre
cedent In that l.art of the world within
- I ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
... ' *™
LitTLEBIYS
■ SCALY BLEEDING SORES
No Rest Day or Night, Sufferings Be*
yond Description. . Dwindled to a
Skeleton. All Thought would Die.
Mother Reads of Wonderful Cure by
CUTICURA. Father Goes 5 Miles to
Get It. . Instant and Grateful Relief.
Complete Cure In Kino Weeks, and
Not a Sign Left to Tell of II is
Awful Sufferings.
My baby had a terrible breaking out all over
bis face .tad head, extending half way down his
back, while his arm became one solid, scaly,
bleeding Bore. A physician gave me a prescrip-
tion which I used, bat he kept getting worse,
and Buffered beyond description. The pain be-
came so intense that he hud to bo put und#r
Opiates. We could get no rest, night or day. He
dwindled down to a mere skeleton. Everybody
who saw him said he would surely die. As a
last resort a trip to the country was suggested,
that the change of air might do him good. As
soon as ray mother saw the child she got a copy
of an Atlanta paper, in which there wan an ac-
count of a wonderful cure Ccticcra Remedies
had wrought on a two-year-old child. My father
started to the nearest drug store, which was fivo
miles, and purchased Ccticcra (ointment), Cu-
ticcba Soap, and Conctnu Resolvext. We
applied as per directions putting plenty of the
CcTlcfHA on his head, face, arm, and back.
The child slept for over tiro hours that night,
improved daily, and in nine weeks from the time
he started on the Ccticcra Remedies we were
able to discontinue their use, and not a sign if
left to tell of his awfnl sufferings.
Una. ROBERTA DAVIS,
Aug. 20, 1893. South Atlanta, Ga.
SLiEr fob Skix-Tohti-bid Babies axd Rest ro*
Tiß*r> Mother* la a warm bath with Cctici'ba Boa*,
■nd a eingio-opplication of Cctiouba (ointment), greatest
of emollient* and skin cures. This treatment will give
Instant relief, permit rest for parent and sleep for child,
and point to a speedy, pctmanent, and economical cur«
of the moat torturing, disfiguring, and humiliating of
Itching, burning. Weeding, scaly, pimply, and crusted
•kin and scalp humors with lots at hair, when all elte fails.
Sold throughout the world. I'otTbb Dboo and Chsil
Corp., Sol' Prop* , Botton.
or " Uow to Cure Torturing Eczema," dolled to*
BED OILY SKIN prevented and cured by
fifcU UILY oMN Ccncuju Soak _/
MEN OF IOWA SAFE HOME
ON THE SENATOR.
THAT swirling old typhoon that
Dearly made wreckage of the good
ship Empress of India shortly after
she had left Hongkong en route to
Victoria, over the northern circle,
did not even touch the big fans
port Senator. She wa > at
noon yesterday twelve miles off the
heads; two hours later she let her anchors
go at quarantine and a thousand fears
were set at reat; the boys and officers of
the gallant Fifty-first lowa were »afe and
sound at home again, and the hundreds
of relatives and friends who this iast
week have been arriving here by train
let go a bunch of lusty cheera and
to the docks and the fleet
of tugs that was awaiting them.
It was a great, b rted reception
these friends rave their heroes. It was p.
. these h< i ■ ■■ their
ds. The arrival of ■ .isport
with its volunteer cargo Is the scene of
laughter and tears; hugs and
breaks. It was so yesterday; more so in
< Lionel Loper and the regiment of
stalwarts he affectionately calls "his
have put in every day of eight
months on the firing lines on the other
side; there has not been a scrap they
were not In, and which did not bring
them laurels and the praise that comes
from official sources. But accounts of
their welfare and the things they were
doing were woefully meag<.«: they w< re
too busy fighting to write, and so far out
on the line that even official accounts
could not always be relied upon, and
anxiety was running high back In lowa
when the news came that the regiment
had taken ship for home. Then every one
who could bought a ticket and hied him
Westward, and they were all on the bay yes
terday and will all be at the dock to re
ceive the boys when they come ashore
this morning.
The trip across was uneventful. In
stead of striking northward when the
boat left Nagasaki, she was headed due
East and missed the storm which for
three days placed in jeopardy the
CALIFORNIA
WELCOMES
THE MINERS
MIXERS of California and of other
Western States began yesterday
• to enliven the headquarters of
the California Miners' Associa
tion at the Palace Hotel, as dele-
gates arrived for the annual three
days' convention which opens In Golden
Gate Hall this morning.
Secretary Benjamin was on hand ami
was assisted in headquarters' business of
reception and preparation by J. E. Doug
las, Frank Yale and a stenographer.
Many leading members of the convention
were there to welcome delegates. Secre
tary Benjamin had received notice of the
appointment of over 600 delegates from
twenty-five counties ami seven other
\V.-st«irn States, the Governors of which
were asked to name ten delegates each.
How many delegates from other mining
States will attend will not be known un
til to-day. Yesterday Thomas Tonge of
Denver, a mining man and correspondent
of several Important mining publications,
arrived as a representative of Colorado,
and J. A. Blossom of Battle Mountain
came as a delegate from Nevada, Wash
ington will be well represented by Wash
ington men now residing or sojourning
here. The Governor commissioned P. IT.
Norton, manager of the Tesla coal mines,
who was long a resident of Washington.
to appoint a representation from Wash
ington people In thin city and from the
Washington volunteers at the Presidio
P. B. Cornwall, who has large interests
In Washington, will be a representative
The evening trains brought dozens from
all parts of the State.
Major Mcßride. who has never missed a
convention and who always cuts an im
portant figure on the floor and puts ginger
into the proceedings, was the first- of fha
big Nevada County delegation of about,.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1899.
Kmprpss of India. Captain J. B. Patter
son, master of the vessel, had sailed Pa
cific seas too long not to know thut there
was something doing before he left the
Japanese r>>rt, and would take im
ohance. The wr-ather, however, was
rough for three days, and two days out
uas.iki nearly resulted in two fa
taiiU. s. The boat was bowling along un
ttean and sail when the after sheet
gave way and Privates Edwin Stotler,
Company M. and Homer A. Read, Com
pany A, wore seriously injured. Stotler's
[eg was broken and Read suffered a com
pound fracture of the skull. Everything
was done for the two men and they are
now on the high road to recovery. Pri
vate Edward Kissick. Company F, died
of dysentery In Nagasaki Bay. His body
[a in hoard.
The transport was wholly given up to
tin- Lowa regiment, only five passengers
and two stowaways being registered on
the books of Purser J. A. Sargent. The
r»'Kim»-nt as it returns numbers 764 en
listed men and 4G officers and not one
among them but bears in his face and
physique the record of the things he has
1k en through. Eight months of every
i work at the places where the march-
ing was hardest and the fighting fiercest,
made wrecks of the best of them, and not
even the thirty-day trip over seas has
served to give them the health and color
that was theirs when they sailed away.
That the officers have suffered with their
rru-n Is as evident as that the men have
suffered. Colonel Loper returns a shadow
of himself; shy, thanks to fevers ami
nights in sickening swamps, fifty pounds
of tho flesh he carried away from Camp
Merritt; ami In that respect Colonel
Loper is merely one of the 45 officers on
board the boat.
With the Colonel return his wife. Mrs.
J. C. I,oper. who made her headquarters
in Manila during the months her husband
was out in the lighting. Mrs. H. P. Wll
liams, wife of the chaplain, was also a
passenger, as were Mrs. J. Edaburn and
Captain (5. K. Sage of the Sixth Artillery.
and lieutenant J. J. O'Connell of the
Twenty-fir.n Infantry, who have been act
ing as mustering officers on the other
side.
It was half past 1 In the afternoon
150 to arrivp, and in the evening was fol
lowed by many more. E. C. Voorhies of
Aitiiitlur, who is much talked of for the
presidency of the association, dropped in
during the afternoon, as did A. Caminetti
of the same county.
J. F. Halloran, chairman of a special
committee to suggest matters to be
tit before the convention, was
among those who were actively at ■work.
In the evening the committee on dams, of
which A. Caminetti is chairman, and the
committee on legislation, of which John
P. Davis of Amador is chairman, held
meetings.
The proceeding to-day will consist
largely of organization, the reading of the
president's annual address, filing of re
ports, and addresses of welcome by
Mayor Phelan, Senator Perkins, Con
gressjnen do Vriea and Kahn, and others.
I aesday will be the most important work
in:-,- day of the convention. In the evening
Marsden Mansen will deliver a public ad
dress at Golden Gate Hall on the "De
nudation of the Watershed," illustrated
by stereoptlcon views.
There is a good deal of early gossip
about the election of officers which will
occur on AN ednesday, but the prospects
pi tho election will not evolve much that
is definite until to-day. J. H. Neff, who
has lit-en unanimously re-elected presi
dent since organization in 1.592, has posi
tively declined to serve again. He de
clined last y.u\ when U". C. Kalston and
Julia:) Sonntag became rival candidates
Mr. Neff finally consented to re-election
and Messrs. Kalston and Sonntag with
drew. Kalston was elected vice president
This year Mr. Neff has refused his
friends' requests to run for the office
Mr. Sonntag- is not in the city and his
friends are talking of putting him for
ward, Judge Niles Searls would be the
candidate of the Nevada delegation and
others, but declines. W. C. Ralston is
leading a campaign in favor of E C
Voorhies of Amador. who also declines"
BO far, while his friends insist.
"Voorhies is a mining man and a
mountain man, vigorous, an active mem
ber of the association and much in the
city,'" says Mr. Ralston. "Hf> has simply
got to run and we'll make him president
anyway.
There will be much convention politics
done to-day and the election promises to
be a warm one.
before any of the reception parties who
had taken tugs could get aboard. The
quarantine officers took some little time
in giving the vessel a clean bill of health,
but when they had done so Adjutant Gen
eral Seamans, from the Governor Mark
ham's deck, went aboard to extend his
and the State's felicities. Adjutant Gen
eral Byers of lowa and a big party of
prominent lowans followed and then be
gan the cheers, tears and the handshak
ing. The Call tug turned up with the
malls that have been waiting the boys,
12,000 letters In all, and then for an hour
PEOPLE AND SCENES ON THE DECK OF THE SENATOR.
therp was a cessation of the greetings
while each company gathered round its
ijuartermaster's sergeant and got Its let
ters.
A flotilla of small craft followed and
then more tugs with more lowans. Mayor
Phelan and the reception committee
chartered the' Governor Irwin, and James
F. Dockery, representing them, went
aboard anil extended to Colonel Loprr
and his mm the freedom of the city and
all that is in it. An hour later the big
transport weighed her anchors and pulled
up the stream. She let go again near
the battleship lowa and then the jackles
of the warship let go three cheers at
the men of the regiment, that could be
heard by all the shipping along the front |
and the men on the transport sent them
back as lustily. The bands on the tugs
started up their music and the band on
the transport did the same thing. A j
lot of pretty girls on the Irwln, who
could not get aboard, struck up a cake
walk and the racket was still on when
the boy? were called aft to the galley
for supper. The boat will dock this morn
ing and the regiment will take the usual
route to camp.
IOWA'S FALLEN BRAVE.
List of Killed and Wounded of
the Fifty-First.
Thirty-seven dead and thirty-nine
wounded is the price that lowa paid in
the Philippines. Bullets of the insurg
ents found many billets in the ranks of
the brave Fifty-first, and disease added
to the death roll. The record follows:
The Dead.
Regimental Quartermaster Sergeant Wallace
a Balln, March 2.">, 1599.
. COMPANY A— Private Walter "Wagner,
killed In action June 13, 1899.
COMPANY B— Corporal Patrick O'Hern, Sep
tember 11. 1S98; Private Barton J. Brown, Au
gust 30, 1SS8: Private Joseph Needles, August
16, 1S38; Private Stilllnger, November 10, 1898:
Private Rodney, August 14, 1599.
COMPANY C— Private Perry A. Black. Sep
tember IT, 1898; Private George Elliott, August
8, 1898; Private John A. Ganger, September 19,
1S98; Private Edward C. Vaughan, March 3,
1899.
COMPANY D— Corporal Daniel S. Newsome.
July 23. 1S98; Private Oliver T. Mack, Septem
ber 4 1898; Private George E. Graham, Sep
tember 22 IS9S.
COMPANY F— Private A. C. Bibb, July 28,
189S; Private Harry E. Stone, August 19, 1898.
COMPANY G— Corporal John F. Walker,
June 27, 1899; Private Fred Carver, October 23,
1898; Private Henry A. Noble, August 29. 1899.
COMPANY H— Private Elisha Doran, Sep
tember 14, 1&98; Private George O. Hansen, No
vember 7, 1898; Private John Turner, April 13,
IST*9.-
COMPANY Private Austin Brown, Sep
tember 17, 1898; Private Louis Dunn, September
2, 1898; Private W. W. Holden, September 1,
1898; Private John Reed. August 17, 1898.
COMPANY X— Private C. G. Bates, October
5. 189S; Private A. L. Bales. October 8. IS9S;
Private Harry L. Scott, October 1, 1898.
COMPANY Private Paul Pugh. June 27,
1599; Private DeWltt C. Tucker, July 23, 1898.
COMPANY M— Private John E. Rltter, July
11, 1898; Private Lucius E. Rogers, July 18,
1898; Private Vernl Hysham. August 20, 1898;
Private. Ellery E. Mills, September 14. 1898;
Private Earl J. McCammt, November 24, 1898.
THE BAND— Clarence Monson, August 3,
1599.
The Wounded.
Major William Duggan, Pulllan, April 24,
1899.
A. R. Hiatt, regimental band,' San Rogue,
February 10. 1899:
Near Quingua, April 23, 8199: Corporal E.
Marrlner. Company E; Corporal Louis L. Hun
ter, Company B; Sergeant Carl M. Gardner,
Company L: Private Walter Larsen, Company
L; Private Robert L. Dailey. Company L; Pri
vate Adrian L. Hackett, Company M; Private
Bert Thomas, Company M:
QUINGUA TO CALUMPIT, April 24-26, 1899:
Corporal Louis Wyland, Company C; Private
John Behm, Company M; Private Fred E.
Strong, Company M; Private John Kennan.
Company B; Private Nathan Hodges, Company
D; Private Elmer Narver, Company D: Private
, Patrick H. Dwyer, Company D; Private Sam
i uel J. Tllden. Company M; Private Bertram
i Grace, Company M.
SAN TOMAS, May 4-15. 1899: Corporal John
Cushlng, Company C; Private Everett Bronson,
Company E; Private Charles Bander, Company
E; Private George H. Shannon, Company C;
Private Herman Murray Jr., Company B.
MALOLOS, April 19, 1599: Private James J.
Markey, Company M.. ■ '
SAN FERNANDO, May 31. 1899: Private
Clifford H. Stevenson, Company H; Private
Harley M. Stretch. Company I; Corporal Walter
I. Combs. Company I.
SAN FERNANDO. June 16: Private David
' Walling, Company C; Private Nathan D. Rock
! fellow. Company D; Private Charles E. Lucas,
Company D; Private Louis S. Woodruff. Com
pany D; Private L. D. Shuts. Company X;
Private E. F. Brown, Company C.
SAN FERNANDO. June 30. 1899: Private
J. Hariff, Company C. August 9, 1899: Second
Lieutenant Lamont Williams. Company E.
Second Lieutenant A. J. Bordewlne, Company
H, missing since action at Cull-Cull Church on
south line March 28, 1899: probably wounded
and captured.
Private Joseph - Hahn, Company B; Private
' Reuben. Barr, Company B.
CAPTURE OF A
FAMOUS CROOK
AND HIS "KIT"
Burglar Savage Again
in Prison.
Police Officer Gelman made an Impor
tant capture early yesterday morning in
the person of George Savage, an ex-con-
vict. While patrolling his heat on Grant
avenue Geiman saw Savage emerging
from a lodging-house nt-ar Bush street.
Suspecting that he was about to "turn a
trick" the policeman decided to stand
him up. In his pockets were found a
bunch of skeleton keys, a candle and a ;
"jimmy." Concealed in hs coat were two
knives, one a dirk and the other a case
knife, such as is used by burjjlars in forc
ing open windows. When asked what he
was doing with the tools Savage said that
he had been given them by a friend to
take to his room. Geiman at once slipped
the handcuffs on Savage's wrists and took
him to polfi •■ headquarters, where he ™as
charged with vagrancy.
To-day additional charges of burglary
and carrying burglar tools and having
concealed weapons in his possession will
be recorded against him. The police are
strongly Inclined to believe that he is the
lone burglar who has been operating in
the Western Addition. Last night two of
Chief Lees' men searched his room with
out finding any plunder.
Savage is considered a dangerous crook
and since his release from the peniten
tiary the police have been watching him.
as they knew he would follow his natural
propensity for taking other people's prop
erty. The skeleton keys which were
found on ..im are of expert workmanship
and would unlock almost any ordinary
door.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism A neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co. 406 Clay.
Dental Surgery College.
The first of a course of lectures in the
new California College of Dental Surjrerv
will be Riven in the lecture rooms In the
old Supreme Court building, at the corner
of McAllister and Larkin streets, to
night. The opening: address will be by
President Jordan of Stanford t'niverslty
on the subject of "Practical Training for
Professional Work." Tne address la to
commence at 8 o'clock, and the public are
Invited to attend.
Enjoyable time to-morrow evening at
Pavilion. Dress parade drill Twentieth
Kansas. Review by General Shafter. Mu
sic by Twentieth Kansas and battleship
lowa bands. General admission 25 cents.
Htst rved seats at Sherman. Clay & Co. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ipree |¥~f
Treatment and Medicine g
FOR >£| \\C-J
Catarrh, Deafness, § §%&
NOISES In EARS, THROAT <= —=£7/"°'^
and LUNG DISEASES given g~ ca if
free to show the superior :XT > "^y3i
merit of my New Inventions 1^ f&k .
and Antiseptic Treatment §§§•>>' Jtraitt .
that * gives marvelous cures ;|§»' 'Ksßp'
and co easy a child can %& MssS
use It. In 2000 test cases «sT%. KSpSI :
over 95 per cent cured. Best si
of references and hundreds 58 a&s§££&'-
-of Indorsements. But the best >^vinsS|lP>^
Is to try it and be convinced K;^^??!^?^-
while you can. ■
FREE for one weelt. Call at once or write
for literature.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— a. m. : 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
NO SUNDAY HOURS.
Every thing
in
Fancy Glassware.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
lien You See Prices.
Great American Importißg Tea Go.
STORES EVERYWHERE. V
100 Stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our New Importations of
NOVELTY GOODS for our
LACE DEPARTMENT have
all heen received and we are
now showing an elegant as-
sortment of the following
goods:
New all over CHIFFONS In EMBROIDERED, APPLI-
QUED and LACE EFFECTS.
New GATHERED, RUFFLED and PLEATED CHIFFON
and LIBERTY TRIMMINGS in Cream, Black and colors;
all widths.
New CORDED, TUCKED and EMBROIDERED TAFFETA
SILK YESTINGS in Cream, Black and colors.
New BLACK LIBERTY and CHIFFON RUFFS from $2.00
to $6,00 each.
New NET TOP TRIMMING LACES in Ivoru and Ecru
shades.
New WHITE, ECRU and BLACK ALL-OVER NETS In
great variety.
New BLACK SILK CHANTILLY LACES and INSERT-
INGS. BLACK SILK POINT VENICE LACES and BANDS.
New NORMANDY, REAL TORCHON, SMYRNA, POINT
DE PARIS, POINT APPLIQUE LACES, different widths,
with Insertions to match.
NOTE-
-500 dozen LADIES' UNLAUNDRIED, HEMSTITCHED,
EMBROIDERED and INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS
pure linen, 15c and 25c each.
_ Ml
111. 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
GOLDBERG. BOWE.N & COS SPECIAL SAVING SALE
GOLDBERG
EDWEM
* CO
232 Sutter
The location well known as
the home of the Young Men's
Christian Association for 1 5
years — now occupied by our
new building — the home of our
Sutter street store — just across
the street from the old one
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— Regularly 50c lb 40c
This sale will popularize all the
stores — that pays for loss of
profit — ten varieties
Clear carriage space in
t front of our new Sut-
ter street store
Candy— French Mixed 25c
To attract ladies to the new store:
to christen the candy department
there and make the store popular
regularly 35c lb here— soc else-
where
Quick service at the
new Sutter street store
every modern help for
despatch
Butter— fancy creamery lb 27^C
If you tried it last week you
want more now
.;: -i Prismatic glass makes
the new Sutter street
store brilliantly light
in every corner
v Coffee— Kona 25c
You ought to try Hawaiian coffee
from patriotic motives— after that
you'll drink it because you like it
regularly 30c lb
Holiday foods arriv-
ing daily for your
winter entertaining
Whiskey— Goldberg, Bowen <& Co*B
3 O. K. Bourbon
regularly $ 1 bottle 3 bottles $2
" 4 gallon 1 gallon 3
Pure— for medicine
Come — see the new
store and what we've
done for your comfort
Sardines— Lazeran medium 20c
French— large 25c
Highest grade — regularly 25
and 30c tin
Extracts— Violet Paris 75c
li ounce bottle — popular odors
finest French perfume— $1
Big display of novel-
ties and fancy goods
in new Sutter street
store •* ;
GOLDBERG, BOWEN * COB SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Salt boxes 40c 55c
porcelain decorated regularly 50c
delft designs " ' 75c
Hang near the stove and keep
the salt dry.
New goods arrived
Westphalian hams — rolled ham
Imported metwurst — potatoes
almonds — walnuts — cider
Scrap basketS-OrienfaZ-odd shapes
' regularly 40c 60c 80c
special 300, 40c 60c
Neat and pretty
Tooth brushes 2 for 25c
good ones even at the price
Cranberries 10c
Regularly 12Jc quart ■
Toilet paper— Belvedere $1.10
regularly $1.50 but the big ad-
vance in cost of paper will soon .. }
effect the retail price
New goods arrived
Dehesa raisins — stilton cheese
Canadian cheese — citron
meat balls in boullion
Bath seats $1.25
Oak seat with rubber covered
metal attachments for adjusting
over sides of porcelain bath tubs
regularly $1.75
Towel regularly 50c 40C
three bars — durable — nickel —
great convenience in the bath
room
Boxes free to Manila
Christmas boxes should be ordered
now — send them free
Nail brushes— solid back 20c
good bristles— regularly 30c
i Comb— rubber 25C
regularly 35c— guaranteed not to
break
French toilet soap 60c
regularly 75c— odors— of
three cakes
Roger & Gallett— Pinaud— Violet
Chret-V zinfandel 35 C
Makes good healthy blood
reg'ly 50c gallon
Don't forget your friends
in the Philippines — Christ-
mas boxes sent free
Send for Illustrated catalogue— free
432 Pine 232 Sutter 2800 California San Francises
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Oculists'
Eye=Glasses
Are not an experiment. When made by us they
fit. Nor do they tilt or waver with the new
clip. SO cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
oP J^^m^ZT<
642 Market St.. instrument*
! 'iMOtR CHONICIt BuillUNl.
— m
TEE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
BUBGERY
WILL OPEN for the admission of student*
MONDAY. Octob*r 23. «.
For further particulars address
S. W. DENNIS. M.D., D.D.S.. Dean.
416 Parrott bulldin*.
or
GILBERT M. BARRETT, A.M., M.D.. Sec*.
>retary. 1121 Suttex at. ■ ,