VOLUME LXXXVI— NO 105.
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT
DIES VERY SUDDENLY
2 W ife and Daughter 2
g Were With Him. g
00000000000000000
Head of the Famous \
Family of New York j
Millionaires Stricken
With Paralysis and [
Expires Before the Ar- •
rival of a Physician. ♦
NEW york; Sep. 12.—
Cornelius Vanderbilt, heac
of the Vanderbilt family
Jied at his residence in this city
it 5:45 o'clock this morning from
1 stroke of paralysis. Mr. Van
ierbilt was in his fifty-sixth year
\t his bedside when he died were
lis wife and children. Gladys anc
Reginald. No physician was in
ittendance. The attack was very
;udderi and entirely unexpected,
md it was impossible to reach
my physician before death oc
:urred. Dr. Francis Delafield
,vho had been attending Mr
Vanderbilt. arrived at the house
ifter Mr. Yanderbilt's death had
>ccurred.
Many erroneous statement:
vere made concerning the cir
•umstances surrounding the
leath of Mr. Vanderbilt. and
Senator Chauncev M. Deoew
gave out the following statement
■ this afternoon:
"Mr. Vanderbilt left Newport
yesterday afternoon at i o'clock
for the purpose of attending a
meeting of the directors of the
New York Central and Hudson
River Road, which was to be
held to-day. He was feeling as
well as usual and had no
premonition of approaching
death. He reached this city al
!ock last night, was driven to
his home immediately and went
to bed about IO o "clock. He
woke up in the morning about 5
o'clock and complained of feeling
very ill. He called his wife and
immediately sent for a physi
cian. Mr. Vanderbilt died within
a few minutes and before any
physician arrived. T)r. Delafield,
who had been attending him.
when he arrived pronounced
the cause of death to be cerebral
hemorrhage. Because death was
idden the Coroner was noti
and there will be a formal in
quest
"The funeral will be held in St.
Bartholomew's Church, probably
next Friday, and Bishop Potter
and the rector. Rev. Dr. Greer,
will officiate. There will be a
meeting of the Vanderbilt lines
next Thursday to pass appro
priate resolutions of respect to
Mr. Vanderbilt. All the metn
rs of the family have either
called in person or sent telegrams
with the exception of his son Al
fred, who is now traveling some
where in China. A telegram was
sent to several points in China
and Japan informing him of the
death. Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr.
The San Francisco Call.
sent a telegram from Newport
stating that he was on his way."
The news of the death of the
railroad magnate soon spread
over the city. Messages were
sent to all the relatives and near
friends of the deceased and the
family. Chauncey M. Depew,
who was a near friend and busi
ness associate of the deceased,
heel the house at about 7:3 c
o'clock. He was visibly affected.
He remained a short while, and
when he came out there were
tears in his eyes.
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. and
his wife called early and remained
s- line time at the house. Then
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. went
for his father and brought him t< -
the house. The father was so much
affected when he caught sight of
the house where his brother lay
dead that he clasped his son in
his arms and kissed him. They |
walked together arm in arm into
the house, shedding tears.
Mrs. W. D. Sloane and Mr.
and Mrs. H. McK. Twombley
and others called at the house j
during the day. There were quite
a number of people in front of the
house all day watching the car
riages drive up and the people
enter and depart.
Mr^. Elliott Shepard. Presi
dent Calloway of the New York
Central, Dr. Shepard. and many
officials of the New York Cen
tral called during the day.
A Coroner's physician made
an inquest into the cause of
death and found that it wa^ due
to cerebral hemorrhage. The
Coroner also viewed the body
and indorsed this finding. Per
mission for burial was given and I
the body was embalmed.
A special detail of policemen
were dispatched to the Yander
bilt house and the police are on
duty there now.
SAN FEANCISCO, WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
THE LATE CORNELIUS YANDERBILT.
Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr. and
Harry Payne Whitney and his
: wife arrived at the Vanderbilt
mansion late in the afternoon.
Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr. re
mained at Newport. To-night
all of Mr. Vanderbilt's children
were in the city with the excep
tion oi Alfred, and he will un
douhtedly come home.
The home-coming of Cornelius
Vanderbilt Jr. was an unusually
; sad one. The estrangement be
tween him and his father because
of his marriage with Miss Wilson
had never worn away. ()f the re
lations between father and son
Senator Depew says: "They
were on fair terms. I think it is
a week ago to-day that I saw
them together at Newport."
Mr. Depew stated to-night
that the funeral would take place
at 10:30 o'clock Friday morning
from St. Bartholomew's Church.
A special boat will carry the
body, family and friends from the
foot of West Forty-second
street to Staten Island. The
burial will be in Newdorp, where
the Yanderbilt mausoleum is,
and where lie several members of
the family, including Commo
dore Vanderbilt, the founder of
the great fortune.
STERLING CAREER OF
CORNELIUS VANDERBILT
Refused All Aid From Relatives and
Boldly Made His Way in the
World.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Death has cut
down the h^ad of the Vanderbilt house
and the Vanderbilt fortune three times
in a little more than a score of years.
Cornelius Vanderbiit, who died to-day,
was the oldest of the third grenoration
and it was the wearing care of the
Vanderbilt millions that brought him
to a comparatively early grave.
Cornelius J. Vanderbilt, "old commo
dore," as he was called, and first of
the Vanderbilts to achieve prominence.
Called for Help \
in the Night. J
■n January 4, 1877, at the age of
ter a long; illness. He left a for
tune of about ninety millions.
Wiiliam H. Vanderbflt. son of the
commodore, expired suddenly on De
cember 8, 1885, less than nine years
later, at the ape of 64, and his wealth
was estimated at about two hundred \
millions. Cornelius Vanderbilt, grand
son and namesake of the commodore
and oldest son of William H., was aged
ITB, and while the Vanderbilt for
tune has possibly r.<rt doubled as it did
between the first and second genera
tions, it has eertal ■'.. rccreased tre- i
mendously. To call one who inherited
between eighty and eighty-five millions
a self-made man seems a misnomer, yet |
Mr. Vanderbilt's early history bears a
resemblance to that of the boy
who, almost friendless and without ad
vantages of books, hews his fortune
with his own hand. He was the oldest
B n of William H. and Maria Louisa
Vanderbilt, and was burn at Newdorp,
Staten Island. November 27. 1543. His
mother had been Miss Maria Louisa
KiFsam, daughter of Rev. William Kis- .
sam of the Dutch Reform church. It \
was doubtless from his mother that
Cornelius Vanderbilt Inherited those i
traits which made his life stand for in- j
tegrity, piety and public-spirited kind
ness. William H. Vanderbilt, during
the boyhood of his oldest son, was a
farmer, and he had thp usual hard lot
Off a farmer. The old commodore was
still engaged in planting seeds for that
great fortune of the future. Himself
a self-made man, he left his children
and his children's children to shift for
themselves, so that they might show
what was in them.
Cornelius had a common school edu- !
cation, and when he was 16 years old \
he presented himself to John M. Crane,
then the president of the Shoe and
Leather Rank, and asked for employ- ;
ment, promising to do his best to j
please. Mr. Crane read the letter the
boy presented. "I pp* l yon are a Van
derbilt." he said. "Are you a relative
of the commodore?"
"He is my grandfather," was the re- i
ply
"Why don't you ask him to recom
mend you?" suggested Mr. Crane.
"Because I don't want to ask him
for anything." The young man ob- \
tamed a place.
When the grandfather heard of the ■
incident he was much pleased. He i
asked his grandson why he had not
applied to him and received the same
reply. Early and late the new clerk
toiled in the Shoe and Leather Bank,
boarding in the city and going home on
Saturday nierht to spend Sunday. Then
ami th^-re he formed those habits of
method and punctuality that became j
such a ruling characteristic in after
life.
He was thrifty, saved his money and
was not dependent on any one. His
grandfather had been watching the
course of his namesake, and one day
he offered to take him to Europe. Cor- |
nelius had never taken a vacation.
He wanted one. The trip to Europe
would have necessitated the loss of two |
months* salary at $60 a month.
"I can't afford to lose the wages," |
said Cornelius, and he rose still higher j
in the estimation of his grandfather.
In everything but years the boy was a
man.
There had been established in Wall
street by this time the banking house
of Kissam Bros., and to this firm early
in the sixties Cornelius was transferred |
when he was 20 years old. Here he
worked as diligently as ever. He j
scarcely ever knew an idle hour.
Commodore Vanderbilt had gone Into
the railroads and made one of those
brilliant strokes that mark the Van
derbilt genius. He bought Harlem
stock in Wall street at 6, and soon
thereafter astonished the world by
paying an 8 per cent dividend and
sending the stock kiting above par.
Cornelius was transferred from the
banking house to the office of the Har
lem Railroad. Here, with economy hia
Continued on Second Page.
\
SAMUEL BRAUNHART IS
CHARGED WITH PERJURY
Accused of Having Sworn Falsely Against Ex-
Senator W. J. Dunn in a Damage Suit.
Bart Burke and John F. McGovern Swear That the Port Warden
Deliberately Misrepresented Them on the Witness-Stand.
Other Prosecutions Will Follow.
SAMUEL BRAUNHART, Port War
den, politician, agitator and , re
former, self-styled, has been ac- i
cused of the serious charge of per- •
jury. Braunhart's predicament is !
the outcome of his own enthusiastic i
desire to turn a political trick and to |
throw discredit upon an opponent who i
was once a friend and adviser in Demo- j
cratic politics south of Market street. The j
accuser of Braunhart is ex-Senator Wil- j
Ham J. Dunn, whose reputation, it will be |
remembered, was recently a matter for j
judicial determination before Judge Hunt.
Several months ago the Examiner, with
its customary freedom with facts, pub
lished something which was n->t true in
reference to Dunn. The Examiner de
clared in one of its news items that Dunn
had acted as? referee of a particularly dis
gusting prize-fight.
Dunn is very frank to admit that he will |
attend prize-fights whenever the inclina
tion to do so seizes him. He will even
admit that he bets on prize-fights, but he
Insists? that he has conscientious scruples |
against acting as referee for the best two
pluguglies that over battered one another J
in the ring. And when the matter earne
before Judge Hunt ex-Senator Dunn
swore that he had not even attended the j
prize-fights to which the Examiner made
false reference. Dunn was awarded $500
as a soothing balm to his reputation.
During the trial Samuel Braunhart was
a witness against Dunn. The Port Warden
took the stand as an expert on reputations
In general and that of- Dunn in particular.
It was here that Braunhart laid the foun
dation for his undoing. He swore that the j
reputation of Dunn for truth, honesty and |
integrity was bad. He said he knew so
himself and others had told him that they
knew so. Whr-n pressed to give the names
of his informants he mentioned among
others ex-Senator Bart Burke of Santa
Cruz, and now of this city, and John F.
McGovern. It would have been wiser for
SAMUEL BRAUNHART, ACCUSED OF PERJURY.
Braunhart if he had forgot the names.
Dunn was shocked, or pretended to be.
at the testimony of Braunhart. The two
had long been close political and social
friends. They moved and had their being
upon the same, political plane. They
fought on the same .side together and
what one received the other shared. But
that was long ago when Braunhart was
familiarly and affectionately known as
'•Buggy-robe Sammy" in token of a
touching tribute which he had made to
Buckley.
But while politics makes strange bed
fellnws it also makes strange enemies and
Braunhart and Dunn became foes. "Bug
gy-robe Sammy" became a sobriquet of
contempt, and Dunn became one of the
push. This lasted for a while and then
another turn of the political wheel sent
Dunn and Braunhart flying into the same
bed together. Both were in the State
Senate when James H. Budd was elected
Governor. Budd was a reform Governor
and Sammy was a reformer. The sad epi
sode of the buggy-robe had been buried
among the forgotten mistakes of politi
cal history.
Braunhart wanted to be Registrar of
Voters for San Francisco. He considered
that a long anl profitable experience with
touthside ballot boxes qualified him for
the position, but in his own distinguished
self he did not possess the necessary in
fluence to obtain it. He sought, therefore,
and obtained the support of Senators
Dunn. Mitchell, Toner, Blggy and Hen
derson. They pleaded with Budd, showed
how thoroughly and persistently Braun
hart had worked in the cause of reform
and gave every assurance in the world
thai the buggy robe was only an ordinary
affair after all.
Pleading was in vain. Budd had chosen
some one else for the place and Dunn and
Braunharfs other champions were told
that the position of Port Warden would
be given to Braunhart if he would retire
from the fight for Registrar. He refused
to do so" until Hinton was appointed.
Then congratulating himself that he had
defeated Andy Clunie he said he wou'd
accept the position of Port Warden.
Dunn and the others again importuned
Budd and Braunhart got the place.
There was a look of sadness therefore
on the face of Dunn when he heard
Braunhart tell what- a bad man he is.
It was a blow from an old friend. Braun
hart left nothing to be desired In his tes
timony. He was eager, emphatic, preju
diced. He was positive and uncompro
mising-. There was no question about It;
Dunn was bad all over. Braunhart swore
that Dunn's general reputation in the
community for truth, honesty and integ
rity Is bad. He knew so himself, yet he
swore that he was unfriendly with Dunn.
The witness declared that he had heard
Dunn's reputation generally discussed
and all said it was bad.
In particular, and here Braunhart over
?«pp:ied the bounds of prudence, he said
that he had heard ex-Senator Bart Burke
and John F. McGovern give Dunn a bad
reputation. Both of these men have taken
an oath before the Superior Court tnat
they did nothing of the sort. They swear
that thc-y never spoke to Braunhart in
reference to Dunn and never mentioned
Dunn'? reputation, good or bad, to Braun
hart. Upon these affidavits, which make
the iffaii an extremely serious one for
Brau:ihart, the complaint of perjury has
been based by Dunn.
Braunhart gave his testimony the lat
ter part of last month and Dunn imme
diately began an investigation. He found
that Braunhart had used the names of
at lea-it two men without authority and
in doing so had not only trifled with the
Superior Court, but had made himself
liable for perjury.
The first man whom Dunn saw was ex-
Senator Bart Burke, who swore to the
following affidavit to prove that he had in
no way discussed Dunn's reputation with
Braunhart:
In the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia.
William J. Dunn, plaintiff, vs. William
R. Hearst, defendant.
City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, ss.
Comes now Bart Burke and being first
duly sworn depoc s and say? that he
never at any time stated to Samuel j
Braunhart or to any other person what- i
ever that the reputation of William J.
Dunn, plaintiff in the a"bove entitled ac
tion, for truth, honesty and integrity, or j
for other of said traits, was or is bad.
BART BURKE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
6th day of August, 18S9.
J. "L. JACOBI.
Notary Public for the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California,
Chronicle building, rooms 41 and 42.
John F. McGorern was next seen and
swore to the following affidavit.
In the Superior Court of the City and ;
County of San Francisco, State of |
California.
William J. Dunn, plaintiff, vs. William R. !
Hearst, defendant.— No. 61,557, Depart
ment 5.
State of California. City and County, of
San Francisco, ss.
John F. McGovern. being duly sworn. 1
deposes and says: That he is Informed !
that one Sam Braunhart testified in the i
trial of the above entitled action that
affiant stated to said Braunhart that
plaintiff's reputation for truth, honesty
and integrity was or is bad, or that affiant
had questioned plaintiff's reputation.
That affiant never stated to said Sam I
Braunhart or any other person that said
plaintiff's reputation for truth, honesty or
integrity was or is bad; that he has no
recollection of ever talking to said Braun
hart about the subject before the trial
of this action: that since the trial of this
action affiant censured said Braunhart for
using nis name' in such connection (having
learned through the newspapers tnat
Braunhart used his name), whereupon
said Braunhart did not claim that the
| conversation ever occurred, but simply
I said, "Well. I put you in good company
i anyhow." meaning thereby that he had
I used his (affiant's) name with the namts
! of reputable citizens.
That affiant has known plaintiff for a
great number of years; that he knows the
general reputation of plaintiff in this com
; munity for truth, honesty and integrity
i that plaintiff's reputation In these re-
I spects Is good.
c v _,w JOHN F. McGOVERN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
12th day of September 1899.
x, v,. J L - JACOBI.
Notary Public in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia.
These affidavits left- no doubt of the
matter, and Dunn determined to have
Braunhart arrested for his offense. Dunn
went before Police Judge Thomas F. Gra
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
ham yesterday afternoon and swore to
the following compiaint:
In the Police Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cal
ifornia.
People of the State of California, plain
tiff, vs. Samuel liru.unhart, defend-
ant.
State of California, City and County of
San Francisco, s.-.
Personally ap] re me this 12th
day of September, IS9S, 'William J. Dunn,
who on oath muke? complaint and de
poses and says: That on or about the
25th day of August. 1>99. in said city and
county of San Francisco. State of Cali
fornia, the crime of felony, to wit: per
jury, was committed by Samuel Braun
hart. who then and there at the city and
O'linty of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, on or about the 2oth day of Au
gust, 1899, having taken an oath before
the Superior Court in s;Ud city and coun
ty, Hon. Judge Hunt presiding, that he
would testify truly b :rt in a
case then and there at issue, to wit: the
case of W. J. Dunn vs. W. R. Hearst, No.
61,577, of civil causes in said court, said
oath being and having been administered
by A. A. Watson, Deputy County Clerk
of said city and county of San Francisco,
who then" and there administered said
oath, did in a matter material to said Is
sue, he. the said Samuel Braunhart. hav
ing taken said oath a.s aforesaid, wilfully,
corruptly, falsely and feloniously stated,
declared' and testified that he had heard
ex-Senator Bart Burke and John F. Mc-
Govern say that the reputation of W. J.
Dunn for truth, honesty and integrity
was bad, all of which testimony was
false, and said Samuel Braunhart know
ing such statements to be false. All of
which is contrary to the form, force and
effect of the statute in such cases made
and provided and against the peace and
dignity of the people of the State of Cali
fornia. And this complainant upon oath
accuses the said Samuel Braunhart of
having committed the said crime, and
prays the said matters may be brought
before a magistrate and dealt with ac
cording to law.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
12th day of September. 1599.
THOMAS F GRAHAM.
Judge of the Police Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia.
Upon the foregoing complaint, charg
ing Braunhart with perjury, a warrant
was issued and placed in the hands of
Captain Spillane for service. Bail was
fixed at $10<(0 bonds or 1600 in rash. Dunn
does not intend to resi with the prosecu
tion of Braunhart. The ex-Senator de
clares that others were as guilty as the
Port Wajden and they also will be ar
rested and prosecuted.
PLEASURE YACHT ON A
ROUND-THE-WORLD CRUISE
Norma of the Atlantic Yacht Club is
Now at Honolulu and Will
Come to This Port.
HONOLULU, Sept. s.— The yacht
Norma. one of the crack vessels of tha
Atlantic Yarht Club of New York, ar
rived in port yesterday after having cov
ered nearly 40,000 miles on a pleasure
cruise under Commodore W. J. Weaver
of the club. • The Norma touched a.t
Niihau and Waimea and will visit the
other Islands of the group before con
tinuing her cruise. She will be over
hauled here and will probably be in port
several weeks, after which she will go to
the South Sea Islands, carrying out the
commodore's purpose to cruise all over
the globe.
Thf Norma left Now York four 3*ears
ago. The little craft touched at Trieste
during the Spanish-American War. and
was held there from May to December
of last year. P'r.'m there she went to
the Red Sea. where she weathered very
severe storms. She Bailed !•■ Singapore,
Hongkong and Yokohama, leaving the
latter port for Honolulu on August 5.
NO SECRET TREATIES
WITH FOREIGN POWERS
Secretary Hay Denies That a Secret
Alliance Has Been Entered Into
With England.
COLI'MBI'S. Ohio, Sept. 12.— 1n a let
ter to Chairman Dick of the Republican
State Executive Committee. Hon. John
Hay, Secretary of State, makes this em
phatic statement regarding the alleged
secret alliance between England and the
United States:
"There is no alliance with England nor
with any power und^r the heaven except
thr'se known and published to the world,
the treaties of ordinary international
friendship for the purpose of business
and commerce. No treaty other than
those exists: none has been suggested on
the other side; none is in contemplation.
It has never entered into the mind of the
President nor any of the Government to
forsake, under any inducement, the wis^
precept and example of the fathers, which
forbade entangling alliances with Euro
pean power?."
RESULTS OF A TRIP
INTO THE ARCTIC REGIONS
Professor Nathorst Secures Valuable
Ethnological Collection Relat
ing to Esquimaux.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 11— Professor A.
C. Nathorst's expedition on the steamer
Antarctic, which was spoken off the Skaw
yesterday on her return from her search
along the coast of Greenland for th 1 miss
ing aeronaut. Professor Andree. arrlvtd
to-day at Malmo. Sweden. Pr> (
Nathorst reports that he explored Fra.iz
Josef Fjord on the east coast of Green
land and disc. \ rfea of new in
lets. He succeeded in securing a vaiua'oie
ethnographical collection relating to the
extince Esquimaux population and
reached <V 7.22 north latitude, where he was
stopped by ice.
As already cabled, no trace of Andree
was tound.
Terrill's Trial Begins.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 12.-The trial of At
torney Samuel B. Terrill, who is alleged
to have defrauded residents of this coun
ty out of sums aggregating $16,000, on the
charge of embezzling $300 from Mrs. Clara
A Fread, is in progress before Judge L-or-
Igan and a jury. Attorneys Hatch and
Partridge represent Terrill, and District
Attorney Campbell is prosecuting.
♦ -
Fell Under a Wagon
PLACERVILLE, Sept. 12.— James de
Bernardi, a well known citzen of this
place, fell to-day under a loaded logging
truck at Beach's sawmills. One of his legs
was mashed to a pulp. He Is still alive,
but his recover}' is despaired qL2
CONFERENCE MAKES
ANNUAL CHANGES
OF PASTORATES
Long Discussion Over McKinley'^
Failure to Abolish the Army
Canteen,
Special Dispatch to The '"ill.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 12— The closing
11 of the California Conference was
far the most Interesting to the general
public that has yet been held.
The greater portion of the morning ses
was occupied in considering resolu
bearing <>n the Dreyfus verdict. The
rence expressed its conviction that
Dreyftta is innocent of the charge, and
extended to him and his family its hearti
est sympathy.
The statement made by Dr. Chapman in
hi.s report at yesterday's session that
d< nt McKinley violated his oath of
bffice and is dilatory in allowing the
•'army canteen" to remain unabolishefl
was discussed at length. Several of the
mnst prominent members, among them
1 >r. Dille, unqualifiedly condemned the
lent In this partli ular while approv
ing otherwise of his policy. Dr. I'rmy
said that the conference should demand
of the President, "nipt as a man above
others, but as our servant," that he ex
er< Ise his authority as commander-in
chief of the army to abolish the canteen.
Dr. P. D. H.v.ird then arose and warmly
ded the chief Executive, saying that
if there is blame in this matter it lied
With Attorney General Griggs and not
with the President. His speech was
warmly loyal to McKinley as both man
and statesman, and at its close Dr. Carj
roll offered a resolution to strike out or
the report any such reference to Presi-
McKlnley. After further argument
the report was recommitted and finally
adopted with the objectionable clause al
tered.
Trustees of the University of the Pacific
were elected as follows: M. D. Buck. W.
\V Case, W. C. Evans, Thomas Filben, A.
H. Needham, E. R. Willis. J. C. /.uek, J.
F Forderer. J. Leiter, F. L. Turpln,
H. L. Kuns, Joseph Sheppard. Peter Bohl,
John A. B. Wilson and H. E. Williamson.
During the session $1553 was subscribed
for tin univi rsity, and Dr. H. B. Heacock
was appointed financial agent of the insti
tution.
Resolutions of thanks to Bishop Xinde
for his wise and pleasant presidency over
this conference were passed unanimously
by a rising vote, and resolutions of
thanks to the press were also passed. Pa
ciiic Grove was appointed as the meeting
place of the next conference. Officers of
tie? were nominated, the
Bishop addressed a few words <>f farewell
and commendation to the conference, and
after appropriate religious exercises and
reading of tne appointments the body ad
i sine die.
The appointments are as follows:
Ban Francisco District— W. W. Case, presid
ing elder. Berryessa. B. Kinsey; Campbell,
•William Angwin; College Park, T B. Hopkins ;
Evergreen, Weslejr Dennett; Gllroy, w. a.
tales, E. B. Robertson; Half Moon
Bay C S. Morse; Hollister, J. W. Bryant:
Lorenz' G H Stanley; Lou r-,ato=. C. E. Win
ning- Mayfleld. L. B. W.ilker; M.>renn Hill. W.
ers: New Almaden. J. W. Huxti>n: Pa
cifY Grove. W. <". Gray; P«lo Alto, Leslie M.
Bunvell; Redwood City, J. J. Martin; Salinas.
A. H. Needham. s.-in Francisco California
A i. Bane: Central, B. D. Hutslnplllar;
Epworth, W M ' Finn Church. W,
S. Urmy Grace, J. N Beard; Howard Street.
John A. H \Vils..n -in-l H. C. Richardson;
Potrero, B. M. w I ward; BimMon Memorial.
■• s; Trinity. T H. W lward. San
.!.<•■ Centella, C. H. Beechgood; First Church,
Alfr>-.! Kummer; Webster Street. A. .7. Han-
Clara. 11 E M Ines; Santo i"niz.
M. D Buck; sn'at.ina. K. F Coy:Wat«onvllle,
Ell McClish. president, M. P.
tnd H. B. 1I"» -k. Onancial
■ rnlvenrtty of ih*- I'n.ifl.-: 11. H.
Hall, W (1 Scott. .1. H. Macomber and J. A.
In the ITnlted States army;
Charles McKelvey, chaplain and suptrintendent
of the c's Rome in San Francisco;
M. C. P.riKjfF-. field secretary California Sabbath
Association; F. K. Baker and K. L. Thompson
left without appointment to attend school:
Thnmas Filben. superintendent and moral and
prudential manager of Pacific Grove; F !>
Bovai tary of the 1
CORNELIUS
VANDERBILT DIES
VERY SUDDENLY
Continued from First Vnec
watchword and conservatism his guid
ing star, ho worked for four years.
Then he became treasurer of the Har
-1-m Railroad.
It was about this time that Cornelius
Vanderbilt married. The Vanderbilts
for four generations have married
young, Cornelius was 23 years old
when he wedded Miss Alice Gwynne,
daughter of a Cincinnati lawyer. At
that time he was laying the foundation
f<>r a groat business career and for do
jnesti' happiness. He was also walking
In the path of charity and piety. He
was a member of the Protestant TCpis
' church, leader of a Sunday-school
and a member of the Young Men's
Christian Association. He established
a rule that no one was too poor to bo
helped, and in time the demands of
charity and philanthropic service took
almost as many of his hours as did the
rare of the vast property that eventu
ally fell to his direction. There was no
public-spirited movement in which he
did not take part; there was no great
charity in which he was not a partici
pant.
Few knew what he did in this field,
but now and then by accident 'he pub
lic got an insight into his doings in the
field of religion and relief. It was not a
mere coincidence that the day his father
was stricken the messenger summoning
him found Cornelius Vanderbilt attend
ing a meeting of the directors of the
Episcopal mission. Nor was it a co
incidence that he was sitting. with the
trustees of St. Luke's Hospital when
he was informed of the sudden death of
his brother-in-law, Colonel Elliott F.
Shepard.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, dying in 1877,
left a fortune estimated at $90,000,000 v
and by his will placed William H. Van
derbilt at the head of the Vanderbilt
system, which was already becoming
great. Cornelius Vanderbilt was then
43 years old, but he had been In busi
ness continuously for twenty-seven
years. William H. Vanderbilt became
president of the Harlem and New York
Central railroads, and Cornelius first
vice president.
Cornelius soon assumed financial con
trol of both properties. In time Wil
liam H. withdrew from the presidency
and created a board of control of th»
reorganized system, and Cornelius be
(ame chairman of the boards of the
New York Central and Lake Shore and
Michigan Central railroads. This meant
that, subject to his father's direction,
he was ruler of these properties. He
had a salary of $50,000. To this may be
added the house that hau be#n gi\en
him and some stock that gave an In
come of $10,000 a year, but he was inde
pendent of this. Commodore Vanderbilt
had left him $5,000,000, and this he
doubled by speculation in Wall street.
Gradually, as befitting his enhanced
I merit for the exemption of church property
from taxation.
| Oakland District— Kirby, presiding elder,
, Alarm da — First Church, E. P. Dennett! Santa
Clara avenue Hugh Cnpeland; Amndor, A. J.
Case: Ant loch, S. K. Crow.-; Atlanta. Frank
i Hlndson.- Berkeley— Trinity. Charles K. Jen
ness: West Berkeley, supplied. Brentwood, J.
W. Robs; Burneyville and Westport, F. K.
Walton and Byron A: •S. Gibbons; Farming
ton. C E. Pettls; Haywards, Robertson Bur
i"'v; lone, E. B. Winning; Jackson, Ft A.
Morrow; Linden, William ■ Burchett; James
j 'own, circuit supplied ;. Li vermore, C. M. War
ner; Lockeford, S." O. Elliott;' L»ill. James
, Jeffrey; Martinez, Thomas Leak; Modesto, F. C.
Lee; Newman, C. H. Wood; Oakdalc. Rich
ard Rodda. Oakland— Chester street, M. 11.
Alexander; Eighth avenue, A. T. Needham;
First Church, E. R. Dille and P. M. Spencer;
Golden Gate, supplied; Shattuck avenue, sup
plied; Thirty-fourth street, .E. F. Brown; Twen
ty-fourth avenue, E. M. Hill. Pine Grove,
Charles Blackledge; Pleasanton, supplied;
Plymouth, supplied; San L«an<lro and Kim
hurst, S. 11. Rhodes; San Ramon, supplied;
; Sonoma, W. T. Curnow; Soulsbysville. sup- j
, plied. Stockton— Central, W. C. Evans- and
Robert Trevarrow; Clay-street, supplied, • Sut- '
; ter Creek, .lames Whittaker; Tracy , Lorr
Swing; Valley Springs and Clements, M. J.
Gough; Walnut Creek, W. E. Priddy; West
Point and Olenore, supplied; John Thompson,
; agent American Bible Society; J. D. Hammond,
; manager Book Depository, Pan Francisco;
i A. N. Fisher, editor Pacific Christian Advo-
I cate; Jesse Smith, superintendent seamen's
, work in Oakland and San Francisco: J. E.
Stubbs, president of the University of Nevada;
W. S. Kelley and Walter Merritt left without
! appointments to attend school.
Sacramento district— Robert Bentley. presid
ing elder. Auburn. J. P. Macaulay;- Biggs, F.
A. Keast;: Chico, Seneca Jones; Colfax, J. H.
Watson: Corning, T. A. Towner; Courtland, C.
F. Withrow; Downlevllle, J. W. Pendleton;
Dunsmulr and Shasta Retreat. W. G.
Trudgeon: Dutch Flat, 11. O. Edson: Edgewood,
' W. C. Bobbins; Elk Grove. A. Holbrook; Etna,
j supplied; Florin, A. C. Duncan; Folsom, W.
R. Qober; Forbestown, supplied; Forest Hill.
; supplied; Fort Jones. C. E. Rich; Georgetown,
supplied; Grass Valley, E. H. Willis; Honcut,
; supplied; Keswick Circuit. John Williams;
, .Klamathon, supplied: Knob, supplied; Marys
ville. C. J. Chase; Nelson and Nord, supplied;
! Nevada City. J. W. Phelpa; Newcastle. G. M.
! Richmond; North Bloomneld, supplied; North
' San -Juan. H. C. Langley; Oak Park. Fay Don
aldson; Olinda Circuit, A. Li. Walker; Orange
ville and Fair Oaks. T. R. Wallis; Orland and
Germantown, H. Y. Kuykendall; Oroville, G. ,
H. Van Vliet; Penryn. W. C. Howard: Placer- {
ville. E. H. Maek'ay; Pleasant Grove and Sher- !
i idan, supplied; Red Bluff. .1. T. Murrish: Red- I
j ding. J. E. Wright; Rosevllle and Rocklln, sup
plied; Round Mountain, supplied. Sacramento — ' |
Central J. B. Chynoweth: Sixth street. S. J.
Carroll. Slitter City, E. A. Winning; Williams
and Dunnigan. supplied; Yreka, R. E. Wenk;
Tuba City. E. E. Podre.
Nnpa district— S. G. Gale, presiding elder. I
Albion supplied: Anderson Valley, W. E. Mil
ler; Arcata. Lorenzo Fellers; Blocksburg, to be i
supplied: Benlcla. H. Baker: Bloomfleld. E. J.
Wilson; Callstoga, H. C Tallman; Cloverdale,
supplied; Crescent City, supplied; Dixon. H. L.
Gregory: Eureka. J. H. Wythe Jr.; Falrfleld,
J. C. Bolster: Ferndale, W. P. Grant; Fort i
Bragg and Mendocino. supplied: Fortuna, sup
plied: Garbervllle, supplied: Guerneville, G. M.
Meese: Healdsburg. D. W. Chllson; Kelsey- I
ville and Lower Like, supplied; Madison and
Guinda. supplied; Manchester and Greenwood,
D. W. Calf*e: Middletown, H. W. Baker; Napa
J. H. N. Williams; Occidental. F. W. Lloyd; |
Olema, supplied; Peachland an.i Forest C. ■
E. Iron?: Pefalutna, T. A. Atkinson, P<>nns I
Grove, supplied; Petrolia, supplied; Point !
Arena, T. R. Hartley; Pope Valley, supplied; '
Rohnerville, supplied; Round Valley Indian ,
Mission, suppllfd: St. Helena. J. W. Robinson;
San Rafael, William Marshall: Sausalito, sup
plied; Santa Rosa. E. D. MeCrary; Sevastopol
T. B. Palmer: Smith River. W. D. Crabb; So
noma. Henry Pierce: I'klßh, H. J. Wlnsor:
I'klah Indian Misyinn, .1 I. Burohard- Vaca
\iile. supplied: Vallejo, James Williams; Wind
sor, supplied; Woodland. J. A. Van Anda Yolo
and Blacks. O. M. Hester. D. A. Hayes, pro
fessor in Garrett Biblical Institute; J. L. Case
Ernest Griggs, and J. W. Seattle, left with
out appointment to attend school. .
Swedish district— A. . F. Gußtafsen, presiding
elder; Escondldo, supplied: Klngsburg. L. Dahl
pren: Los Angeles, J. H. Lebedahl; Oakland. A.
.1. Gustafson; Paso Rabies, O. V. Brattstrom;
j Fresno, N. C. Nelson.
fortune, ' Cornelius Vanderbllt moved
into a more imposing: home. First he
went from Park avenue to Fifth avenue
at Thirty-third street, and thence to
Fifth avenue and Fifty-seventh street,
where he afterward erected the mag
nificent mansion in which he died.
WAS WORTH $100,000,000,
Estimated Value of the Late
Cornelius Vanderbilt's
Estate.
N'F.W YORK, Sept. 13.— Cornelius Van
derbllA who had been under the shadow
of death 'for Sffverfrf years, and who was
one of the miistt methodical of men, left
a carefully drawn will, but Its terms are
not known. His friends think it will
make provision- for the charity which he
\v.,s interested in. No estimate, of th"c
estate's value Is less than JIOO.iXKI.OX).
There has been a reconciliation between
Cornelius VanderfiHt ;7r. rind his parents
who opposed his marriage with Miss
Grace Wilson, and it is dotltvtfull if dis
criminHtion will be made against him. On
the death of Cornelius vanderbilt, his
brother. William X., become! head or the
family. and he made arrangements for
the funeral and will see to the probating
of the will.
VENEZUELAN SITUATION
CONSIDERED CRITICAL
Cruiser Detroit Is Due at La G-uayxa
and American Interests Will
Be Protected.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— Officials here j
: regard the Venezuelan situation as criti- |
cal. The crui9er Detroit is due at La
I Guayra to-night and as that point is only
, two hours from Caracas, no apprehension
is felt that any American interests will j
; suffer by the disturbance.
The Venezuelan Charge d'Affalree, Mr.
I Pulido, has received no information on
> the reported serious Government reverses
'by General Castro and the repressive
measures said to have been adopted at
Caracas.
i'ARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 12.— A new
Cabinet hns been formed by President An- .
<lr:i(Je. Senor Calcano is at the head of !
: the new Ministry, with the Foreign Affairs
portfolio. The other members of the j
Cabinet are: Senor Olavaria. Minister of
: Finance; Senor Arvelo, Minister Of the ;
; Interior; Senor Ferrer. Minister of War;
Senor Parejo. Minister of Public Credit;
Senor Smith, Minister of Public Works- i
Senior Abelardo Arlsmendi, Minister of j
| Agriculture; Senor Pachano, Minister of
> Post*; Senor Mo«guera, Minister of In- j
st ruction.
President Andrade has taken personal '■
i commiind of the Government forces and
1 has grjne to lea/1 them against the revolu- j
tionists headed by General Castro.
♦
MORE THAN HALF A
MILLION DOLLARS PAID
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Up to July 1
of the current year the Mutual Life In
] surance Company of New York has re- I
turned to its members $600,870,737, or over
half a billion of dollars, and its accumu
i lated assets on that date were $288,536,471.
i This shows that the company has prac
tically paid out ns much money to the in
suring public as any other company of
i like character and that by holding a
! larger amount In assets than any other
j company it Is beyond question the largest
! and strongest institution of its kind in
! the world.
Chinese to Be Deported.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 12.— Owing to the
numerous disturbances among the war
ring Chinese factions of this city, the '
I city and county authorities have decided
j to deport all the Chinese here who are
I not legally in thle county. Six arnstt,
havr already been made under the re
| strlction law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
FARMERS VISIT
THE STATE FAIR
Grangers' Day a Bril
liant Success.
INCREASED GATE RECEIPTS
ALMOST DOUBLE THOSE OF !
LAST YEAR.
Supervisors of Sacramento County j
Officially Visit the Fair and Ex
press Their Approval of the
County Exhibit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— The second .
! week of the State Fair promises to excel j
1 the first in all respects. Greater crowds j
j are arriving, and there are accommoda- j
' tions for all. Grangers' day to-day was
1 a great success. The farmers evidently |
came to criticize on all aides, and they
1 declare they are satisfied that the State
1 Fair la a great benefit to the State and
i ought to be availed of by every section.
j They made a heavy demand for books,
I statistics and documents that the law
j requires the State board to gather and
compile.
Never before has such a profound in- j
I terest been manifest by farmers In the i
fair. They take especial Interest in the j
' practical silo on exhibition, in the splen- |
! did herds at the park, in the meetings j
! and debates of the dairymen's conven
| tion, in the dairy processes and in the^
1 unexampled poultry exhibit.
They have, by inquiry to-day, been un
deceived as to the character of. the fair
j and find that racing is not its chief inter- j
est, but thai it is a source' of support to ;
1 the lair; that not a cent of the State's j
appropriation poos t<> make up purses, and
that the speed interests are cultivating a
splendid market for California bred ani- j
i mals. The stock grounds were thronged j
i all day by agriculturists intent on gain- i
: ing information and comparing notes. The i
attractions of the fair are being added to j
I constantly, and new entertainment is be
-1 iiije provided for the multitudes. j
Thursday is to be Governor's day and
i Sacramento day in one. A large number
of military and naval guests will then be
prest-nt from San Francisco, including
Major General Shatter and staff and Ad
miral Kautz and staff and prominent Na
; tional Guard officers. The art committee
is lmw at work and will distribute more
. than $1000 in cash premiums in encourage- !
ment of art. The week is full of pfomi.se
! for brilliant attractions.
It will be interesting to note the great
difference in the receipts at the park and
at the pavilion for the first week of the
present fair and tho rpceipts of the first
, week last year. Whis year the receipts ;
for tho first week at the park amounted
tn *:>IM 2.'. as against $3227 60 for 1898. The
receipts at the pavilion for the first week
■ of the present fair were $5672 75. as against
$1818 *.'. in 1898. The entire receipts at the
park for the two weeks in IW* amounted
to $91^7 and the pavilion to $54flS Sn. This
goes to show that more interest is being
1 taken all over the Stae in tho State Fair :
than In the past, and it is predicted that
no less amount of interest will be taken |
In the fairs of the future. The present
favorable condition <>f affairs is clue to the I
Indefatigable work of the Stato Agricul- j
tural Society, in conjunction with tho
work of the local Citizens' State Fair'
Club.
The Supervisors of Sacramento County
to-night officially visited the county ex- \
hibit and were loud in their praises of j
Messrs Read and Waite and Mrs. E. :
Shields, the committee in charge of it,
for the manner in which they have so far
conducted it. To-morrow afternoon the
children of the Protestant Orphan Asylum,
and Foundling Homo of this city will at
tend the fair by special invitation of tho j
directors. There will be special features j
1 provided for the little ones.
There was a spirited nail driving contest
i to-u!ght between livp lady members of the
different granges in the county. Bach par
ticipant drove fifteen nails, the basis of
the iudges" decision being rapidity of :
! speed and quality of work. Miss L. Col- :
i lier won the first prize in one minute and
! ten seconds; Miss C. SehJok. second, in
one minute and fifteen seconds; Miss T.. :
Walker third, in one minute and twenty
seconds.
There was a California poppy dancr- by
Miss Pearl Hlckman. an exhibition cake
walk by Eugene Coffin and Lola Frost,
: which was preceded by a cakewalk by ju
-1 veniles; a cornet solo by Irene Franklin;
' a euphonium solo by E. Klotz. and an
' electric cakewalk by Tearl Hlckman.
: To-morrow night's programme of special
; features will be similar to that of to- :
i night.
The Caledonians will celebrate to-mor
: row and they will make the occasion oho.
long to be. remembered for its pleasing :
j and amusing features at tho pavilion. 1
EMBEZZLER IS FINALLY
CAPTURED BY POLICE
H. Christie, Who Is Charged With.
Having Stolen $57,000 Worth
of Bonds, Under Arrest.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 12.— A Soot
land Yard detective made an important
arrest at Donald yesterday. \V. G. O.
Crick an«l H. Christie arrived there some
time ago to outfit for the Tete Jauhe
Cache gold field. . -They._spent money lav
ishly. Soon after their departure a de
tective arrived and' on their return .Mon
day he' arrested,.Christle, but Trick escap
ed to the Pacific Coast. It is alleged that
crick stot« from a firm of English brokers
$57,000 worth of bonds which were -nego
tiated by Christie for J40,000.
Lord Ernest Hamilton, son of the Duke
of Abercoin, has with other English peo
ple bought for .ss(ioo all Sailor Bill Par
tridge's Atlin holdings. Lord Ernest is
now here en route north.
SENATOR EMERY IS
STILL ON THE STAND
Entire Session of the Industrial Com
mission Occupied in Hearing
His Testimony.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— The entire
session of the Industrial Commission to
day was occupied in hearing the conclu
sion of the testimony of former State Sen
ator Lewis Emery of Bradford. Pa. Mr.
Emery is an Independent refiner, and was
'on lha stand yesterday. He took as his
i text the general charge that dlserimina
-1 tion in railroad rates was the basis of
monopoly, and charged that it was
; through this agency that the Standard Oil
trust nad been created. Although the old
1 contracts for rebates had been nullified
by the interstate commerce act, he
charged that the same system was sub
i Btantially in effect to-day.
HARDSHIPS IMPOSED
UPON THE ARMENIANS
Turkey Refuses Permission to Emi
grants to the Caucasus to Re
turn to Their Homes.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 12.— An Ar
menian journal reports that Turkey abso
lutely refuses to permit the Armenians
who emigrated to the Caucasus at the !
time of the Kurdish atrocities in Armenia,
to return to their homes. The Turkish
Consul at Batoum, it is added, refuses
passports even to Armenians having com
mercial relations with Turkish seaports,
and at the same time Turkey refuses u>
permit Armenians living in Turkey to
emigrate to Russia.
THREATENED THE KING.
Life of the Ruler of Saxony Endan
gered by a Crank.
BERUN, Sept. 12.— An insane merchant
of Berlin named Herman Rordaseh has
been arrested at a hotel in Leipslc for
threatening to kill the King of Saxony.
. ♦ ■ — i . —
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
rtrugsistß refund the money If It falls to cure.
B. AY. Grove' » otsnature Is on each bo*. 2pc
• .. .. ... _ j
STEAMER THERMOPYLAE
IS A TOTAL WRECK
Grounded at the Entrance of Cape Town
Harbor— The Missing Waikato Spoken.
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 12.— The British steamer Thermopylae, Captain i
Throop, bound for Sydney, N. S. W., via other Australian ports, from
London went ashore at the entrance to this port this morning and late
this afternoon broke in two from the force of the waves. The passengers
and crew and a quantity of specie which she had on board were landed
with difficulty. The Th^rmopylea is of 3711 tons. She is a steel vessel
and was built in 1891. She hails from Aberdeen. ,
LITTLETON, N. Z., Sept. 12.— The Spanish bark Aalborg. Captain
Klausen, from Hamburg, May 29, which has arrived at this port, reports
that she spoke the overdue British steamer Waikato, from London.
May 4, for Littleton, August 2, in latitude 39 south, longitude 39 east,
with her shaft broken. Otherwise all was well with the vessel. The
letters of the Waikato were transferred to the Aalborg.
CHANGES IN THE
RECEPTION PLAN
President's Greetings to
Admiral Dewey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— That portion of
the Dewey programme providing for the
reception of the admiral at Tompkinsville
by President McKinley must be changed.
I in accordance with a letter received from
j the President late to-day regretting his
' inability to be present. ,
President McKinley will not meet Ad-
I miral Dewey until he formally receives
; him in Washington on Monday, October
1. In the same mail with the President s
I declination was a lotter from Vice Presi
dent Hobart, accepting the city s invlta
! tion, but expressing a fear that his health
j would forbid his attendance, i rom &en
! eral Carroll and Lieutenant Commander
; Fremont, who were in Washington yes
: terday, Warren W. Foster, secretary of
the plan and scope committee, received
word that twelve revenue cutters would
jbe detailed here if desired. Several of
; them saw service during the war wtn
Spain. The available cutters are the
Manning. Orosham Onondago Algonquin,
Windon. Woodbury. Dallas, Dexter < ol
fax. Boutwell. Hamilton and 1 alumet.
I Captain Charles F. Shoemaker, chief of
the revenue cutter service, also sent woru
; that if desired he would provide a bat
talion of 400 oflicers and men for tne land
parade. 
Among Mayor Van Wyek s callers to
day whs Major General Nelson A. Miles.
', The Mayor took advantage of the meet
<■ ing to invite the general to be present at
■ the Dewey reception, and the invitation
was promptly accepted.
DR. SPONOGLE STILL
HOLDS THE FORT
1 Refuses to Surrender the Charge of
the Agnews Asylum to Dt.
Crane.
SAN JOSE, Sept. T2.-Dr. Sponogle still
j hold the fort at Agnews Asylum. Dr.
i Crane, the new medical director of the
asylum, arrived to-day, but Is on the out
side, and from present Indications It
looks as though it will be some time be
-1 fore he p>-ts control of tho Institution.
Chairman Curnow of the board of man-
I agers and Manager Greenlnger went to
! Agnews with Dr. Crane this afternoon
i and attempted to place him in charge.
l>r. Spohogte, >n the advice of Attorney
More bouse, r* 1 fused to vacate and re
■ferred th*- party to his attorney. Chair
man Curnow told Dr. Sponogle of Judge
Hyland's decision ousting him. but the
1 medical superintendent only laughed and
I inquired what tht-y were going to do
about it.
Tin decision of Judge Hyland has not
! yet been recorded and consequently has
no force. As Boon as it is recorded At
torney Morehouse will appeal to the Su
preme Court and another delay must fol
low.
The board of managers mot this even
ing. Drs. Crane and Sponogle both being
present. The regular meeting of the
managers occurs to-morrow and the mat
tor will probably come up. Another at
! tempt will be made to place Dr. Crane
in charge ot the asylum.
CASUALTIES AT CEBU.
Otis' Latest List of the Killed and
Wounded.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— General Otis
cables the fallowing casualties:
Killed— At Cebu, Twenty-third In
fantry. ComrJiny M, August 25, Sergeant
i Samuel Darcy Lance; Corporal George
j Burger. Joseph Cummlngs.
Wcandc-d— At Tabuan, Negros, Sixth
Infantry, Company M, 17th, Corporal
YOUR
„ _ ___ , —^ «— - Will show
UP i¥■ T^ sl Kns of dis-
hh %i A mj I tress long be-
I « T /I If I fore organic
11 L ft II 1 destruction
M - M UuM X* * ~ m has begun,
/ and this Is
the time ■ to
/pg^ . - seek relief. It
pain in left
• *• i side.
These are all warning symptoms. The remedy;
1" Hudyan. Hudyan removes every symptom:
Ifn a positive* cure. » Do not ' wait' until the
delicate heart valves are destroyed. Take Hud-
yan as soon as you observe the first symptoms.
In ■women heart trouble' is often complicated;
with female, weakness. Hudyan cures such :
complications as well.
Hudyan is within your reach; it will cure,
this most • dangerous disease. It * has cured;
others, why not you
Get Hudyan at your druggist's— soc a package
or six packages for $2 50. ■ .
If he does not keep it, send direct to
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
: Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
,'■,-•;', SAN FRANCISCO, OAL.
CONSULT HUDYAN - DOCTORS— FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
dtesagafe rupture.
weT\J~7?\29 use no more iron
g^tiiUk&**2JsSr Hoops or Steel- Springs.
•-■^BHJPkSsS^ ' Rupture retained with ease
m^**imK^r an< l comfort and thousands radl-
■ /W* rally CURED by DR.- PIERCES
% /JSP" Magnetic Elastic Truss. ' Call at
\Li»r office or write for New Pamphlet
No/1. ,
. MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market st.,opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
Ben A. Morton, forehead, severe ; Hobart
Plain, shoulder, severe; 19th, Corporal
George Timmerman, arm, slight, B.
Stanislaw Meska, hip. slight; Terrance
O'Donnell, cheek, slight.
JUDGE CROWLEY SUES
LADY FRANCES BROOME
Brings Action to Collect Money Al
leged to Be Due for Attorney's
Fees.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 12.— Judge J.
T. Crowley hasbrought suit against Lady
Frances Broome for $2750 for attorney fees
in the recent trial of the people vs.
Broome, in which the defendant was
found guilty of interfering with and re
sisting an officer In the discharge of his
duties.
The title of the present suit is Wilford
E. Farrel vs. Frances Broome, Crowley
having assigned his claim to Farrel. He
claims $2500 for attorney fees and $250 for
moneys spent by him during the Broome
trial, and which sho requested him to
expend. The papers were served on Mrs.
Broome to-day, and she left this after
noon for San Francisco to secure counsel.
TO CHANGE A TOWN SITE.
Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar
Company to Move Spreckels
ville.
HONOLULU, Sept. s.— The Hawaiian
Commercial and Sugar Company has de
cided to change the site of Spreckels
vllle, Maul. The new $600,000 mill ifi to be
located noar Kahului, on a spot that is
now covered with rocks and nothing olso.
With the mill will, of course, go what
centers around a plantation mill, namely
the plantation village.
~> ■ m ■ —
Pear Madam; "Pegamoid" says come;
You're welcome. Chronicle hulldinc. No. M.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
44 You May Bend the Sapling
But Not the Tree."
When disease has become chronic and
deep seated it is often difficult to cure it.
That is the reason 'why it is best to
take Hood's SarsaparilU <zvhen disease
first shows itself. In long-seated, tena-
cious cases, Hood's Sarsaparilla is also
wonderfully successful.
INVESTMENT OIL CO.,
Adjoining the famous section 20. Coallnga Dis-
trict, i>- u -re big wells now producing about 4000
bbls. dally; limited amount stock will be start-
ed; $3 share for developing purposes: parties
buy-Ing now will reap all advances;. For pros-
pectus write or phone JOE D. BIDDLE. Gen-
eral Agent, 20 Montgomery fit.. Burk"s ticket
office, phone Black 3304; also A. HALEY, sec-
retary, office San Francisco Savings Union,
fifth floor, phone Main 787.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE/31ST
day of December, A. D. IR9B, and for the
year ending on that day, ■ as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
par blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ■■ $300.000 00
ASSETS. *~" '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,241, 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4,000 00
Cash in Banks . .. 134,724 00
'Merest due and accrued on all
"stocks and Loans 105 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 138,339 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks " 7,81« 00
Stamps on hand 1,032 00
Total Assets ...:..... $1.541.101 00
LIABILITIES. "
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ...... ." $209,150 00
Gross premiums on Marine ana In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 144,675 00
<\\ other demands against the Com-
' pany ...: • - 27,062 00
■ Total Liabilities $380.777 00
— INCOME. — — — .
v M Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $518.185 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources.. 87.55100
Total Income *........ $556.736 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. $418,726 00
Dividends to Stockholders. •••••.••••.• 50,000 00
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
chances for officers clerks, etc.... 40,846 90
Paid for State. National and local
taxes' ■ 6,995 10
All other payments and expendl- ,
i tures • 227 °°
Total Expenditures ....... i -$516.795 00
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year..... $462.35100
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
_ — i
Net amount of Risks . . ■
written during the
year • $79,583,345 $463,102 00
Net amount of Risks t • • • • -
expired during the v
year .. 80.836,195 472,922 00
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898. ... 8.165.615 144.575 00.
' J. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2d
day of February, 1899. • ' W. J. SULIS,
; ■ • U. S. Vice Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL. -
TELEPHONE /WAIN 5968.
Hales.
if you'd come
you'd know and feel, as so many have, what a real
Rgood millinery opening we're having. You'd admire,
with enjoyment, the fall creations we worked so hard
•to have ready for you. Can't you come to-day?
■•• : " "-■:-' V ■■'■■''■■ ■;"•"* *- ', ' .
shirt waists s black taffeta silks
Sl5 dozen ladies' percale shirt' a new ] o t o f 26-inch fine Swiss
l^^dlSwfe^^c taffetas; every yard has Hale's
14 dozen ladies' percale shirt guarantee for wearing qualities
waists that sold for $1.75 to $2.00, and lasting appearance ....■ ....::
priced now at 75c ..$l.OO yard
10 dozen ladies' percale shirt .
waists that sold for $2.25 to $3.00, C /»MAag
' priced now at .\.......... #1.00 ** CI Cs >
. « • . Hale's famous serges in black
Separate SKirtS and new fall colorings; . made
1 ?i££g^^^7s& from finest long fiber wool: extra
black serge, tailor-made, with ,„ ..
perfect hang $3.50 heavy and full 46 inches wide....
■jo ''•-.:■■■: . , , "-. .  , - sOc yard
dressing sacques "* 1 p
10 dozen eiderdown dressing CIieVIOLS
sacques, in red, blue, pink and, . . fn^ ir% ty ,i B fa u f« mir
gray; full-finished seams; in air Jg^^^gZA'S
' B!zes ■•"' <oc I wool and full 50 inches wide
, .« « 75c yard
good combs
full v round pompadour comb', 3 hOUSehOld hitltS
closely studded with rhinestones j MUSLIN unbleached; 500
in shell only $1.25 each £*£?£»[• inches wide: some
full round pompadour combs, slightly soiled from handling, jso
set with rhinestones, at ! the/price is 4c yard
50c, 75c. 85c - V ~" *::'
, . FLANNELETTES, light colors. '
plain round pompadour combs, stripes, in pink, blues and
in amber, black and J™ th r e e%c quality at
• *"C eacn 5 C y ar( .
empire combs, in different pat-! ■ . - ".1
terns... 2sc, 35c and 50c each COMFORTERS, full size, fig-
. Rhinestone side combs, in shell ured silkoline covered, white cot- :
color, very pretty ton filled, wool knotted: ■ 10 bales
.; 25c, 50c, 85c and $1.00 of fluffy ones at $1.10 each
'. MANILA MUSIC. I '
. — _ -_ Composed by A. Xel- ' "
millinery /Mt/ J&f/ ■ /M/ m !ion Adams. •■ ''+ix
m/i/mer/ js^ //?/ /&^®<gggL The pn!dier>s Drea o !"
nnotl in/1 imf /Jm/ G£**&**^> a^^=^*^£sßß^ Sweethearts in Brown
UUulllllU AM? JBi^~. . -— ■^ r and Blue (song).. 2sc
ii #' ' *^ .^^l+fOOO GOOt>&s^ Eighth Army Corps '
fill tnP " •<^ March .....350
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 . Cam P . r> " vpy ... Mar .
week. Market Street. Beside the Pas'lKßlver-
rrct/# " (song); Filipino
' March; 2 2.'ic '
STATEMENT
-OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of the: —
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF
New York on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1898, arid for the year ending on that |
day as made to the Insurance Commissioner |
of the State of California, pursuant to the :
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash • $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company —
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages....
Cash Market Value of all Stock and ■ ■ _- ■-■
Bonds owned by Company $507.000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral —
Cash in Company's Office «,«*«,
Cash in Banks •• 46.405 82
Interest due and accrued on all .„.,«!
Stocks and Loans v;'"j - 4,208 a
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ■ ■••• 36,582 63
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, In-
ternal Revenue Stamps 14 15
Rents due and accrued ....
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets * $594.221 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,24100
Losses in process of Adjustment or in .
Suspense z H~ ™
Losses resisted.' including expenses.. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less. $1.2,462 90.
reinsurance 50 per .......... 86,23145
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning more than one year, $43,418 .7;
reinsurance pro rata ;••"« "■ IB °*
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $6305 76; re-
Insurance 100 per cent. 6.305 76
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks -■ reinsurance 50 per
AlTotheV demands' against the Com-
pany - • " 19.373 Z8
Total liabilities . •• $172,479 02
INCOME. *
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ;" m *'"i" ♦ 157 -" 6 54 ,
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums •••••• i 6,634 9 *
Received for interest on Bgnds and
RoceTved^for Interest and dividend's
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from A-
all other sources 23,112 43
Received for Rents •• *\
Total income $186.994 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $- . 1°«« of pre-
vlous years) •• $134,808 14
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious yours) ..,...•■•■•■•■•••••■>•••■• • Z4 ( 900 si
Dividends to Stockholders ....: 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ...:....... ••••• • • • • 62,534 43
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 8,475 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes * 6,879 80
All other payments and expenditure* 2,961 20
Total expenditures. '. $265,563 84
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during
yVear n<nl . rr^.... da r InK $141.024 14 $21.804 27
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . '
written during the
year • • $38,889,597 00 . $344,312 12
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year • 50.884.635 00 441,883 38
Net amount In force •
December 31, 1898.... 21.655.109 00 215.88167
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
year te . n 11 *..! $327,117 00 $13.352 88
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 7....... 923,79100 33,125 06
Uet amount In - force
December 31. 1898.... _ 149.036 00 •■ -6,306 76
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest.
R. SLEEKER RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. • this
27th day of January. 1899.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
215SANSOmEST.,
• SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 99G8
: h\suaij*mm
Oppression, Suffocation; Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pirn i. ESPIO ; : Now York, E. FOCGERi * CO.
BOLD BX ALL. DRUGGISTS.
Hales.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $545,000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash In Company's Office
Cash In Banks 11.908 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,104 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 86,332 0»
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued. Internal
Revenue Stamps 20 04
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total assets $598,364 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,715 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 28.P56 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 4,330 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $134,066 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 67,033 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $34,631 57;
reinsurance pro rata 24,088 60
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 15,559 55
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Riglcß $ : reinsurance 50
per cent 17,786 41
All other demands against the
Company -j
Total liabilities v $156.568 58
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $167,394 67
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 6,634 97
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • . •• • •
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 15,936 SI
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 639 20
Total income $193,655 65
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ , losses of pre-
I vious years) $169,557 07
i Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(Including $ . losses of pre-
! vions years) 80,30173
' Dividends »to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 59,378 08
i Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 8,165 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 8.253 88
All other payments and expenditures 2.543 2*
Total expenditures $286,999 91
Losses incurred during the year $182,773 87
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Rlsksj
written during the
year ! $34, 370. 183 00 $306.49143
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
y ear 46,249,03100 405,597 10
Net amount in force
December 31, 1898.. ■■ 16,526,034 00 168,697 53
; Risks and Premiums. |Mar. Risks. Premiums.
| Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $654,364 00 $25,956 63
; Net amount of Ricks
expired during the
! year 1,570,909 00 66,247 19
i Net amount In force
December 31, IS9B 425,839 00 15,559 58
E. C. CONVERSE, Prest.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January. 1899.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
| 215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968
" DR.PIERCES !
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 | BLOOO.LIVER.UJNGS.PRESIDENT LOUBET WILL
GRANT DREYFUS PARDON
Not to Exercise the
Perogative, How-
ever, Until the
Case Has Been
Reviewed,
h PARIS, Sept. 12.— Dr. Pozzt. an
X eminent Paris surgeon, says
► Dreyfus is a physical wreck. He
X is thin and worn; his muscles are
►■ atrophied. He Is 39 years of age
X and Icoks sixty. He will never,
►• Dr. Pozzi says, be thoroughly
► alive again. If he recovers his
► liberty he will live, but only if
►■ surrounded with every care,
► wrapped up, as it were, in cot
► ton, and placed in a greenhouse
► nk>=> a plant which has suffered
► too much for it ever to recover
X its pristine vigor.
LONDON, Sept. 13.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle
claims to have good authority for
the statement that Dreyfus will
be pardoned, although President
Loubet will not exercise his prerogative
until after the meeting of the council
iif rot* ioli m
He adds that Captain Beauvais and
Major Brecon were the only two mem
bers of the court-martial who voted for
acquittal, and it was Captain Parfalt
■who insisted upon the proviso regarding
the extenuating circumstances.
PARIS. Sept. 12.— Under the head of
"Pacification" th*> Temps this evening
urges the i !nvf rnment to take advant
:' the present conditions and par
don Dreyfus, which it adds: "Would
put th* finishing touches to the Rennes
verdict and would permit France to oc
. upy herself with the affairs of the
try and the exhibition."
LONDON, Sept 12.— The Home Office
lias erant'M permission for the pro
demonstration in Hyde Park,
•n, iifxt Sunday, to express sym
pathy with Dreyfus and to appeal to
France to do him Justice. Twenty-one
rms will be erected and special
sts are being made to the various
>hes and religious societies to as
n promoting the demonstration.
BERLIN, Sept. 12.— The <ierman com
ber for the Paris Exhibition, ac
i by three assistants, has
g> ne to I'aris to complete arrangements
f< r the German exhibitors. This is gen
erally interpreted as indicating that
any has no intention, as a nation,
training from participating therein.
Vmy of the newspapers are pointing
out that the exhibition is not connected
v :Hi politics and they counsel modera
jntii the action of the other na
is determined. Germany's action,
it ia Baid, will be governed largely by
that of 'Jreat Britain, the United States
■\ustria.
The NeuesteNachrlehtenaays It is ex
ly improbable that Germany will
- interest herself in the Dreyfus
allowing documents proving the
r f Dreyfus and Esterhazy's
t.. be published. But the paper
there are reasons to believe that
i. ! the French Government officially
apply for these papers the documents
i be produced without any hesita-
SOUGHT TO KILL
THE DAUGHTER
Sequel to an Elopement
in Texas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I.ONGVIEW, Texas, Sept. 12.— Panola
County, especiaJly Beckville, is excited
/terrible triple tragedy. The trouble
started with the marriage of James For
eythe. a highly respected young man, and
Miss Ullie Simpson, a be-lle of the neigh
borhood.
It seems that Forsythe did not have the
approval of the glrl'» father. Andrew
Simpson, for the hand of his daughter,
but with the assistance of several young
men !n the neighborhood lie succeed-! m
eloping with the young lady and they were
married Saturday nignt. This so angered
the old gentleman that when ho learned
of the wedding last evening: he saddled
up his horse and loaded a double-barreled
shotgun and took his pistol, declaring he
would kill the whole party concerned.
As he role up to Forsythe's home he saw
his son-in-law fleeing through the or
chard He brought him down with seven
buckshot in the groin, leaving him for
dead. He then rode toward the house.
J hhk H Forsythe, father of James, came
out to s^e what the trouble was. and was
tly killed with a load of buckshot in
. bd'omen. Simpson then dismounted
and ran Into the house with his pistol.
Baying he would kill his daughter, but the
.;■ of young Forsythe ran between
them and held hip pistol until the girl
was helped away. Simpson then walked
out to the front gate, put U»« Pistol to his
sad and killed himself instantly.
Young Forsythe is desperately wounded.
but may recover. All stores in Beckvlllo
fire closed and business in general is sus-
I on account of the tragedy.
Land Company Organised.
W
l,;
cor
by
WOODLAND, Sept. 12.— The Capay
Land and Stock Company has been In
corporated. It has commenced operations
by purchasing of the Bank of Woodland
VARICOCELE.
w^ g>i The grandest remedy on earth
IET j£ _ for this awful treacherous weak-
C^J* TSZ'^~~~ >^~**-~*" " ' ' '^^ ness is ELECTRICITY. I have
/^ / tl &**^*^ made a success of treating this
/jf nT^iT complaint with my new method of applying
ff [ I K)|M Electricity to the parts while the patient sleeps.
r//>a- V Mil It never fails. Ten. thousand cures in the past
kjyjßk I » \ five years is my record. No drugs, no knife—
djMfcxk'tedL V simply the life-riving current scientifically ap-
WpWr&frP^i 1 plied according to my special method.
* - Are you afflicted? If so. as you value your
future health, cure it now. You can see that it
is destructive to vitality. My method 13 safe, certain and permanent.
Cases of 25 years standing cured in three . months. If you cant call,
write for my book with full information.
Dr. hit A. McLaughlin, 702 Mtrkit Si., ear. Kmay. B. T.;
Dr. M. A. McLaughlm, irMv^r Bpriag tnd Biml
Office Hour.-8 *. m. to 8:S0 p. m.: Sunday.. 10 to i. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
EX-PREMIER FELIX JULES MELINE.
Leader of the Anti-Revision party who is seeking the overthrow
of the present Ministry.
M. Mellne Is fil years of age and has been prominent in French politics
slne*> IBfT6, when he \v;is elected to the Chamber of Deputies, where he be
came a recognized leader. He wa.s Minister of Agriculture In the Jules
Ferry Cabinet (1883-85) and president of the Chamber in ISS9. He Is a bimetal
list and such an ardent protectionist as to earn the sobriquet of the "French
McKlnley." On April 2S, ]S!*>, nx the request of President Faure. he formed
a Cabinet in place of that of M. Bourgeois, which enjoyed a longer existence
than any other Cabinet Blnce the organization of the Third Republic — two
years and one month -the average life of a French Cabinet being but nine
months. During its incumbency the Meline Cabinet is said to have stood
llh interpellations in the Chamber of Deputies. The spring elections of ]R9B
having bee.ii unfavorable to the Government and its candidate for the presi
dency of the Chamber receiving a majority of but one vote. M. Meiine, on
June IS, handed to President Faure the resignation of himself and colleagues,
a new Cabinet being formed on the 2Sth by M, Brisson.
In the lone light for revision of the Dreyfus case M. Meline has been one
of its most violent opponents. On the death of President Faure he was nomi
nated by the "Progressive Republicans" in opposition to M. Emilp Loubet.
The Vatican Influence was rumored to be in his favor, and in spite of the
fact that on tha day of the election he announced his withdrawal in favor of
M. Loubet, ho received 27.< fotes out of £12 in the one ballot cast.
M. Meline had commended himself to the "Nationalist" legislators and
a large section of the Monarchists by his antagonism to Dreyfus and the
revision of his ca.se. He is considered one of the ablest men In public life
In France to-day, but his probable triumph bodes no good to Dreyfus.
CABINET CONSIDERS
THE DREYFUS CASE
PARIS. Sept. 12.— At to-day s Cabinet
council the Premier, M. Waldeck-Rous-
Beau, informed his colleagues that he
had received reports from the prefects
of the various departments which
showed that the verdict <•( the Rennes
court-martial had been everywhere re
ceived quietly.
Th<- Jnurtial says the Duke of Or
leans will have cause to regret the part
he- has taken in the Dreyfus affair,
adding that the English royal family
declined to attend the marriage of the
son of the Duke of Chartres, that tin-
King of Belgium has requested the
Duke of Orleans not to stay in Belgium
and that the King of Italy has forbid
den his nephew, the Duke of Aosta,
whose wife is the sister of the Duke of
a large area of land situated in different
Bectloos of the county; also town proper
ty in Esparto and Rumsey and the R \V.
Stephens farm in Solano County. The
consideration named in the transfer Is
$99,219 71, but that floes not represent any
thing like the value of the property. It
is expected that through the agency of
this corporation several heavy real estate
transactions will be negotiated in a short
time.
APPOINTMENTS IN THE
VOLUNTEER SERVICE
Californians Who Have Been Awarded
Commissions in the Army
by the President.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— A number of
appointments in the volunteers are an-
I nounced. among them being:
California— To be captains: John Cooke,
1 late captain Batten.' C. California Artil
lery, Korty-third; George O. Duncan, late
captain Sixth California Volunteers. For
ty-third; William Elliott, late captain
Eighth California, Forty-third; E. A.
Forbes, late major Eighth California,
Forty-third; Frank C. Pro-scott. late ma
-1 Jor Eighth California. Forty-third; Peter
T. Reilly, captain Eighth California, For
ty-second; D. K. Weller, lat<- major Sev
enth California, Forty-fourth.
To be first lieutenant— X. C. Mastellar,
late second lieutenant Sixth California,
Fortieth.
Native Daughters Installed.
WOODLAND, Sept. 12.— District Deputy
Grand President Miss Blanche Holly of
Dlxon installed the officers of Woodland
Parlor No. 90, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, this evening as follows:
Miss May Dexter, past president; Mrs.
i Nellie Coil, president; Miss Bertha Gad
dls,' first vice president; Miss Nora An
drews, second vice president: Miss Katie
i Simmons, third vice president; Miss Lou
i Shelton, financial secretary: M,rs. Mc-
Near, treasurer; Miss Maggie Smith, re
cording secretary; Miss Mac Cummins,
marshal.
Railroad Men Censured
WIU,i)\VS, Sept. 12 - The Coroner's in
quest in the rase of Thomas O'Brien, th<
brakeman who whs killed Saturday night
was concluded to-day. The verdict waf
that O'Brien came to his death in a rail
road collision caused by the carelessness
of railroad employes. Th" responsiblliij
was not llxed directly on any one.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
Orleans, to receive the Duke of Orleans
if he comes to Italy.
Three men who have been engaged in
supplying food to M. ".iuerin, the presi
dent of the Anti-Semitic League, who,
with ;t number of companions, lias been
entrenched at the headquarters of the
league in the Rue de Chabrol since
August 12, were arrested to-day after
a struggle with the police, during which
one gendarme was badly kicked in the
stomach. The prisoners had secured
rooms opposite the house known as
Fort Chabrol, from which by Bight
they passed food to him by means of
a rope.
RENNES, Sept. 12.— Matthieu Drey
fus has returned here and visited his
brother this morning in th>> prison. He
found him still bearing up well. The
prisoner has received an enormous
number of letters of sympathy since
Saturday. He spends the greater part
of the day in reading them.
MISS WELL
FOUND NEAR
HER HOME
! Wandered About for Nearly
Two Days in a Demented
Condition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLFAX, Sept. -12.— Lander, a small
station three miles west of Colfax, was
j thrown Into a great excitement yester
i day by the mysterious disappearance of
i Miss Rhoda B. Howell, daughter of \
John G. Howell, proprietor of the well
known summer resort, Menopolla.
Miss Howell started out for a walk j
Sunday evening about fi:3o o'clock. She '
said she was going for a short walk I
and would return soon. In about an
hour it had grown dark, and the fam
! ily. wondering why she did not return,
j began to call her. Receiving no an
swer, they searched the premises, with
out finding any trace of her. The neigh
bors were notified and the search was
kept up all that night. In the morning
Mr. Howell came to Colfax and report
j cd.the disappearance to the authorities,
• and a number of men were detailed to
hunt for the girl. They kept up the
| search all day Monday and Monday
night, without success. The Yuba ditch
was emptied, on the chance that she
! might have fallen into it and been
i drowned.
This morning the flrebell was rung in
Colfax to gather a crowd, and every
[■person who could possibly go started
ito search the hills. They met with suc
i cers, for shortly after 10 o'clock Miss
| liowell was found not a quarter of a
| mile from her home on the county road
in an almost demented condition. When
j found her hair, which is very long, was
; hanging loose and was matted. Her
I dress was torn to shreds, and her shoes
were almost cut to pieces, showing that
; she had been wandering night and day
since she was lost.
Miss Howell said this evening that
sli" started out for a short walk. She
hart not gone far when it began to
grow dark. She then turned toward
i her home, but lost the path. She says
I she had not gone far until she fell, and
j remembers nothing until she was found
this morning. Miss Howell is resting
easily, and has a chance of speedy re
covery if brain fever does not set in
from the shock. She Is a beautiful girl,
16 years of age, highly accomplished,
and Is the belle of Placer County. Ev
ery one is rejoicing at her recovery.
Will Issue Bonds.
SAN I.riS OmSPO. Sept. 12.— 8y a vote
of lfW for to 19 against the city voted $80,tK>0
to establish a water system, and by a
vote of mi for to 23 against voted $36,000
to c-xtenfl the present sewer system.
Tills is the third time the city has voted
bonds, the. two previous elections being
defeated on technicalities in court.
ENGLAND'S
NOTE LIKE
ULTIMATUM
Transvaal Consents to Con
ference and a Peaceful
Settlement Predicted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 13.— A special dis
patch from Pretoria says the British
note which was read in both Raads
j yesterday (Tuesday) Is regarded there
!as a virtual ultimatum. The corre
j spondent says: It proposes a flve
i years' franchise, a quarter representa
tion for the gold fields In the Volks
raad, equality for the British and
Dutch in the Volksraad and equality
for the old and new burghers in re
! gard to presidential and other elections.
If these conditions are accepted a
! conference between representatives of
j the two governments shall follow for
i the purpose of drafting the necessary
I measures and of avoiding the introduc-
I tion of unnecessary conditions by the
■ Transvaal Government or the possibil-
I ity of passage of any new bills calcu
■ la'ted to defeat the reforms.
"In view of the fact,"' the note goes
on to say, "that the present state of
affairs in Sout"h Africa cannot be pro
| longed the definite acceptance of this
j proposal is demanded without delay.
Otherwise her Majesty's Government
will immediately take the whole situa
tion under reconsideration and will act
so as to bring about a settlement."
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 12.— Various un
official reports that have been received
from Pretoria predict the Transvaal's
acceptance of the terms of the latest
dispatch, which was read in the Volks
raad this afternoon and is understood
to furnish a basis for negotiations
which will possibly lead to a peaceful
' settlement.
81-.OKMFONTTCIN. Orange Free
State. Sept. 12.— The Daily Friend says
it has excellent authority for predicting
that the Government of the South
African Republic will accept the sug
gested conference at Cape Town. The
delegates will probably be Commandant
General Joubert, Vice President of the
Transvaal; J. M. A. Wolmarand, one
of the two non-official members of the
Transvaal executive council, and Mr.
Fischer, who has figured prominently
in some of the recent negotiations as
th«> special representative of the Orange
Free State.
JOHANNESBURG, Sept. 12.— The
T'ttlanders of the Rnxburg applied to
the burghers for permission to remain
neutral In the event of war, but were
refused on the ground that as Britons
remaining In the Transvaal and refus
ing to fight they must be regarded as
enemies. The miners are being offered
£25 to remain on duty until ordered to
leave.
PEACEFUL SOLUTION
NOW SEEMS PROBABLE
PRETORIA, Sept. 12.— The reading In
the Volksraad to-day of the reply of the
Uritlsh Secretary of State for the Colo
nies. Joseph Chamberlain, to the latest
Transvaal note, was greeted with silence
except for some Interruptions from Mr.
Tosen and other ultra-conservative mem
bers. Its terms, however, have produced
considerable excitement.
There Is no Indication as yet of the
views held regarding it in official circles.
The Yolksraad lias instructed the Gov
ernment to dismiss Mr. de Jonge. Secre
tary of Education, for writing a letter to
the "newspapers accusing the ministers of
tho I'nlted Dutch church of Jingoism be
cause they wanted more English educa
tion In the state schools.
LONDON, Sept. 12. -Owing to the un
derstanding that Mr. Chamberlain's note
is to be published simultaneously in
London and Pretoria, only an inadequate
summary has yet been telegraphed. The
Iyindnn papers are Inclined to withhold
comment until the text is available.
Despite the fact that the note is de
scribed as an ultimatum, the balance of
opinion tends to regard it as a rather
moderate document, since, apparently, it
does not fix a definite time limit, leaves
the real crux of the dispute for the pro
posed conference and does not raise the
question of suzerainty. In a word, the
note seems to leave the way open to
further negotiations.
The Times, which considers the sum
mary obviously important, says: "It Is
Incredible that all mention of suzerainty
and the other matters In controversy
have been passed over and ignored."
A special dispatch from Pietermaritz
burg, capital of Natal, says: "President
Kruger, It Is asserted in reliable quarters.
Is prepared to attend the proposed con
ference at Cape Town unconditionally,
provided he Is assured that Mr. Chamber
lain's latest dispatch represents all that
will be demanded by Grent Britain. A
peaceful solution, therefore, is highly
probable." ____^___________
NINE NEW CASES OF
YELLOW FEVER REPORTED
Situation in Florida Remains the
Same, but the Fear of Epidemic
Abates Somewhat.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Sept. 12.— The
reports (if two physicians at Key West
to the State Hoard of Health to-day show
that there are nine new cases of yellow
fever and one death at that plaoe. The
situation at Miami remains the same and
the panic threatened at Port Tampa has
subsided. Several persons who were ex
posed have been carefully isolated, hut
the period of Incubation has expired and
there Is no fear of them developing a
case of yellow fever.
BOILER EXPLODES.
A Fatal Accident on the German
Cruiser Wacht.
KIEL, Sept. 12.— The German third-class
cruiser Wacht, while participating in the
autumn maneuvers, exploded her boik-r
to-doy, four persons being killed and four
others Injured.
Oil
Was
Struck
I,afit week, in n well on the Means
tract, in the Kern River oil district,
after a depth of only 372 feet had been
reached, and after being exported by
an ofliclal of the Santa Fe Railroad
Company, It was immediately sold for
a large sum, the names of the pur-
chasers and the fl'>w of the well being,
for private reasons, kept secret.
A portion of the holdings of this
company are less than 3»0 yards dis-
tant' from the above well. I,et us tell
you more about this now famous dis-
trict, also why we claim "our proposi-
tion" an excellent one for the prudent
investor to consider.
Ten thousand shares of the stock of
thlH company are now for sale at 60
cents a share.
Pnmphlet and information cheerfully-
given. Remember this: It Is not our
proposition thnt will benefit you, but
the taking advantage of It.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
BELMA, CAL.
San Francisco Office,
38 Crocker Building.
BRITISH AUTHORITIES
DETAIN THE TARTAR
Transport Held at Hongkong on the
Ground of Being Overcrowded.
Special Cable to the Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, Sept. 12.— The British authorities here have d_etained the
United States transport Tartar on the ground that she is overcrowded. She
will not be permitted to sail unless she leaves 450 men behind under the
present ruling. American Consul General Wildman maintains that the Tar
tar, being an American troop ship, is not subject to British laws. The
British authorities are now considering the protest which Mr. Wildman has
filed.
Formal complaint has been lodged with the American Consul General by
discharged soldiers on board against the condition of the Tartar.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— Secretary Root said this evening that he had
received no advices regarding the action of Hongkong authorities in de
taining the transport Tartar because of her alleged overcrowded condition.
Brigadier General Ludington. Quartermaster General, said this after
noon that the Tartar was loaded at Manila hy General Otis. She had 1230
men on board, and this number is not sufficient to overcrowd her. Even if
she were overcrowded, he said the British authorities could have no ground
for demanding that 450 men be removed from the ship, as she Is an Amer
ican naval vessel and subject to American jurisdiction only. If the Gov
ernor or Hongkong has detained the Tartar, representations will probably
be made to Great Britain on the subject.
The tribune of arbitration at Geneva held that "the privilege of extra
terrltorialty, accorded to vessels of war, had been admitted into the law of
nations," and under this provision the Tartar, which is a Government
transport, is amenable only to American laws.
No trouble is anticipated by the authorities in securing the release of the
Tartar with all men placed on board the ship at Manila, but when she ar
rives at San Francisco full reports will be expected from the officers on
board respecting the trouble they have had, and especially the reason for
proceeding to Hongkong instead of to Nagasaki.
CAPTAIN DYER
GIVEN A SWORD
Honor for Commander
of Baltimore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 12.-Captain N.
Mayo Dyer, commander of the cruiser
Baltimore in the memorable conflict of
May 1, IS9B, at Manila, was honored by
this city to-day. Residences and business
houses were gay with bunting, the streets
were jammed with people wearing"Dyer"
buttons and "Dyer" badges, and all the
ships in the harbor, regardless of nation
ality, were bedecked In his honor.
Soon after breakfast Captain Dyer was
taken in charge by a special committee
and entertained >in various ways until
1:30 p. m.. when he was escorted to the
City Hall to be welcomed by a reception
committee consisting of about 200 of
Baltimore's most prominent people, head
ed by Mayor Malster. Meantime a pro
cession, composed of the Fourth and Fifth
regiments of the Maryland National
Guard, the Naval Reserve Corps, the
Fifth Regiment (veteran corps), two com
panies of United States artillery regulars
from Fort McHenry, the Maryland divi
sion of. the Grand Army of the Republic,
and many uniformed civic and semi
military organizations, paraded through
the principal streets of the city, passing
the City Hall, where it was reviewed by
Captain Dyer. Upon an Immense platform
3000 school children were so arranged as to
form an Immense imitation of the Ameri
can flag. When the parade had .passed
Mayor Malster, on behalf of the City
Council of Baltimore and of the citizens
generally, presented to Captain Dyer a
set of resolutions commending his conduct
at Manila and his record as an officer.
Egfifl PPyJKIJ^ X tj ...- if BmFJB
fjl "Yeargood" clothing, and if you will be influenced by |||
HI the reasons we shall have your trade and goodwill from |||
|§9 then on and you shall wear satisfactory clothes : |||
ml I.— All our "Yeargood" clothing; (suits and overcoats) Is pi
flf - "they run from $12. 50 to $25, and each Is as low as is Up
■ ' Money returned if yon want it; or 8
M Clothes kept in repair free for one year. M
I Reefer Top Coats for Boys. 5
Be Ages 3 to 8; material, frieze and nigger-head; values, 14, $$ ■ &M
§|§ With every purchase of $1.09 or more we give wM
Hf free an- Bxlo photograph of the returning Call- Em
Bra fornia Volunteers marching up Marhit street. ■£
1 S.N . WO 0 D 8 CO I
after which he handed him a magnificent !
sword, the gift of the City Council
and of the people of Baltimore. Captain
Dyer accepted both in a speech tiiii of
?ratitude and expressions or the kindlif?t
eelings toward his hosts and entertain- j
ers.
The sword Is said tn be one of the finest |
weapons of Its kind in this country. The
scabbard is finished In gold, and the blade ■
is of Damascus steel. On the scabbard are
representations of the coats of arms of j
the T'nited States and Maryland, the bat
tle and Washington monuments and the i
cruiser Baltimore, and on the sword hilt
are symbolic representations of the arms
of the naval service. The scabbard has a
service and a fatigue belt.
After the presentation ceremonies the
guest of the day, accompanied by a large
number of the members of the reception
committee, repaired to River Review
Park, where a public reception was held.
A banquet in the evening at the Hotel
Regnert roxinded out the day's cele
bration.
JUSTICE CHAMBERS OF
SAMOA HAS RESIGNED
President McKinley Has Assured
Him That He Will Be Given
Another Good Position.
MEMPHTS. Sept. 12.— A special to the
Commercial-Appeal from Washington
says: Chief Justice Chambers of Samoa
has handed his resignation to the Presi
dent, to take effect as soon as the Powers
can agree upon his successor. The Pres
ident has told the Alabaman that he
would provide for him in this country and
would give him a Government position
commensurate with his talents and abil
ities.
In Defense of Carter.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12— A World special
from Washington says: Wayne McVeagh
is expected to reach Washington Saturday
next to make his argument before Attor
ney General Grlg^s in defense of Captain
Carter. The Attorney General, it is said.
will immediately thereafter forward his
opinion to the President, who will
promptly announce his decision.
.•'-. 'ADVERTISEMENTS.' i
TFT
GOING' UP!
I $5 Per Share 9
STOCK
I THE TALK OF THE TOWN I
FROM $3 TO $5 SINGE 1
AUGUST I, 1
H A record heretofore unprecedented H
0 in the annals of industrial stocks. H
U We are sure to reach par value, H
I $10 per share, by January, and g
Hj when we strike oil, which may be M
I almost any day after October I, B
H this stock will jump into the nun- !
I dreds.
1 ONLY A DAY OR TWO MORE. I
5 All applications received now 5|
H will be filled at $4. 50 per share, t
H Price goes to 55.00 when the pres- , 9
I ent 1000 shares are taken up. M
1 Prospectus free, giving g
I "INSIDE INFORMATION." g
I Union Consolidated Oil and Trans- 1
1 portation Co., |
tti 322-323 Parrott Bldg., San Francisco. ej
I Oik land Office, 460 Tenth St. i
gjj Open from Ba. m. to 8 p. m. daily. H
UNITED STATES ERANCH.
STATEMENT
of THIS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG, GERMANY, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS9S, and for th»
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 810
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
•CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash _.
ASSETS. 4
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $827,082 60
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in company's office... 2,287 29
Cash In banks 61.737 85
Certificates of deposits in hands of
United States Trustees ■ 16.432 70
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and stocks 10.007 96
Premiums In due course of collection.. 74,013 43
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total assets $781,561 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ....$1,523 56
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense 60,421 02
Losses resisted. Including expenses.... 6,812 50
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $377,919 9!); rein-
surance 50 per cent 188,960 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $212,339 43; re-
Insurance pro rata 125,271 45
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent ...
Total liabilities ....$372,293 54
INCOME. ~ ~~~
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $549, 02
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 19.218 24
Received from all other sources 21.305 45
Total income .$590.295 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for tiro losses (In-
cluding $ losses of previous
years) . $322,43S SI
»t amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) — :..
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 143.408 05
Paid for ■ salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 31.453 15
Paid for ■ State, national and local
taxes 9.212 19
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.389 88
Total expenditures $550.902 08
Losses Incurred during the year, fire. .5329.628 40
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written . during ■ ■ the 153.608.6 M $719,048 77
vrar $0j,G08,504 J7l9,ms *i
Net amount of risks
expired -during the
?&£S£?*!™™. 60,716.122 530.259 42
ADOLPH LOEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me th.i 26th
day of AP MARK M A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
213 SANSOME STREET,
; ', SAN FRANCISCO. CALL
V. CARLS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
D. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
34
Sports
IN ONE ROUND
McGOVERN WINS
FROM PALMER
Brooklyn Lad Defeats the Eng
lishman, Gaining a World's
Championship Thereby.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Terry McGov
crn .of Brooklyn whipped •Pedlar Palmer
of London thoroughly in less than one |
round in the arena of the Westchester
Club near Tuckahoe, X. T., this after
noon. With the victory went the title of
bantam champion of the world, although J
both contestants were actually In the
feather-weight class.
The Englishman, although forcing the
pace at the outset, was really never in it,
and McGovern simply battered his .oppo
nent Into partial insensibility. The Brook- i
lyn lad's arms worked llko piston-rods I
and the punishment which he meted out |
to Palmer was swift and terrible.
The battle did not last quite one round,
the actual time of fighting being exactly i
2 minutes 22 seconds, at the end of which
time Palmer was lying helpless though
half conscious on the floor of the ring.
Through an unlooked-for accident on the .
official timer's part, the lads were sep
arated by the gong when they had been
lighting one minute. Bach went to his
corner, but the error was rectified in less
than twelve seconds and the boys resumed
hostilities in the center of the ring im
mediately at the command of the referee,
George Siler. The ringing of the gong
was as purely accidental as it was un
looked for, and the Englishman's handlers
made no complaint on this score.
From the outset McGovern seemed to
have his man well In hand, but his most
sanguine admirers never Imagined that
Terry would win in such short order. It
was a case of a hurricane fighter pitted
against a clever boxer, and the fighter
won. McGovern Is a veritable fighting
machine and he went at his adversary j
with bulldog determination and lightning |
rapidity. His arms were never at rest
for a moment and he beat down Palmer's
guard with his sledgehammer blows. The
ring where the battle took place was
pitched in the center of a stockade, in
which seats were arranged for the ac
commodation of 10,000. The structure is
built on the same principle as that in
which Fitzsimmons and Corbett fought at
Carson City. The prices of admission ;
ranged from $3 to ?!.'. and seven-eighths
of the seating capacity of the inclosure
was occupied.
The purse for which the lads contested
was $10,000. 75 per cent of which went to
the winner and the remainder to the
loser. In addition to this both pugilists
are guaranteed an interest in the privf
leges ruing from the kinetoecope pic
tures of the tight.
A more representative crowd of snort
ing men than that which gathered at
Tucka this afternoon never watched
a pugilistic contest. Of course the pugil
istic element was largely represented,
every boxer of note, from the top-notch
ers in the heavy- weight division to the
paper-weights in the amateur ranks, be.
ing ">n hand. Among the big fellows at
the ringside were Tom Sharkey, Bob Kitz
simmons, Kid Mcoy and Jim Corbett.
Each of this Quartet met with a warm
reception, but when John L. Sullivan
walked down the aisle and took a seat
in a box at the ringside a mighty cheer
greeted him, and the big fellow bowed
his ackuowledgments with a hearty greet
ing. Sullivan went to McGuvern"s dress
ing-room and gave the little fellow some
sound advice, which undoubtedly bene
fited McGovern, as the subsequent events
proved. ']"..■ were hundreds of port*
ing men from all over the United States,
and a large number of the racetrack con
tingent was in evidence.
When the boys entered the ring a fair
estimate of the attendance would place
the number at 9000. McGovern was a
strong favorite in the betting, several
large wagers being made at odds of 100
to 80, and later on these odds were in
creased to 100 to 70, at which price all
of the British money in sight was picked
up. McGovern and his manager had sev
eral commissioners betting for them.
and they won about $8000 In the aggre
gate. McGovei weighed 116% and Palm
er 115% when they weighed in at 5 o'clock
yesterday morning. It was understood
that they would have to weigh in at 5
o'clock this morning again, but at the re
quest of Palmer's manager it was mu
tually agreed to have the lads meet at
catch weights without further weighing.
Both men were quartered in cottages
within a hundred yards of the ringside
from early morning, and at half-] 3
(•'clock they made their appearance in the
Inclosure. "When they reached the ring
side both were accorded a hearty wel
come. Palmer was the first to enter the
ring. He was accompanied by Manager
Bettinson, Sam Blakelock, Jim Ball and
Jeff Thome, all of England. One of them
carried a silk British flag, which he
waved over Palmer's head while the band
played "God Save the Queen." To offset
this McGovern's 12-year-old brother
perched himself on two stalwart men and
waved an American Hag, and the band
struck up "The Star-spangled Banner."
The action of the youngster cheated In
tense enthusiasm.
McGovern when he reached his corner
v,.:- accompanied by Sam Harris, his
manager; Al McMurray, Charles May
hood. Tim Kearns and Joe Fairburn. His
brother also accompanied him, carrying
the American flag, and another of his sec
onds, waving a small Irish flag. Young
McGovern, with the flag over his shoul
der, walked diagonally across the ring
and shook hands with his brother's oppo
nent amid the cheers of the spectators.
Referee George Siler handed he gloves
to the seconds, and the mits were soon
placed over the fists of the pugilists. Both
fads looked well and trained to the hour.
Palmer Raid he weighed 118 pounds, but
he certainly was three or four pounds
heavier than that, while McGovern looked
as If he would turn the scales at 120.
Very little time was lost In the prelim
inary arrangements, and when Referee
Siler called on them both lumped to the
center of the ring. Palmer fed off with his
left lightly on the head. Palmer, seem
ingly confident of success, forced matters
again: leading his left again with force,
but McGovern stepped back quickly, and
Palmer fell to his knees. When he arose
they got to work at close quarters, Terry
landing his right twice on the jaw and
then bringing it down to the stomach, at
the same time, keeping his head inside of
Palmer's swings Palmer landed a good
left on Terry's mouth, i,ut the Brooklyn
lad only shook his head and kept both
hands working on head and body. When
they had been fighting just one minute
Timekeeper Pollock accidentally rang the
gong at a moment when McGovern was
evidently getting the better of his oppo
nent. The principals broke quickly and
went to their corners, while '.he seconds
as well as the referee looked at the time
keeper in amazement. The referee, seeing
that a mistake had been made through
pure accident, called the boys together,
again, and they resumed hostilities after
a lapse of about twelve seconds. They
got to close quarters immediately, with
McGovern doing some heavy half-arm
work. Then he sent a left and a right to
the head, but Palmer countered on the
face. Palmer assumed a crouching atti
tude and seemed to hold McGovern with
bis left hand, but Terry, quick as a flash,
hooked his left to the head, and Palmer
dropped to the floor. He got up within
four seconds. He was groggy, and Mc-
Govern forced him to the ropes, swinging
both hands. The Brooklyn lad was anx
ious to finish his man. and Palmer, though
half groggy, ducked beautifully. McGov
prn was nil over him without pausing for
Pears'
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
TTfc&ovorn nocks Out \Palmer; ~^£-. —
■ ... .^.. SanVomas Wins the futurity.
PRINCIPALS IN THE FIGHT AT TUCKAHOfc YbS'IfcKUAY.
OLYMPIC CLUB
WILL HAVE A
NEW MANAGER
Superintendent W. J. Kennedy to
Be Succeeded by H. C.
Houghton.
William J. Kennedy has resigned his
position as superintendent of the Olym
pic Athletic Club, after having served
that institution during the past seven
years. H-- will be succeeded on October 1
by H. C. Houghton. an insurance man.
who is prominently Identified with the
Bohemian Club. The superintendent is
practically the working head of the club
and possibly, unconsciously, has much to
do in framing its policy.
The Olympic Club was founded on ama
teur athletics and all the fame it ever
gained was through its amateur runners,
gymnasts, boxers and cyclers. In recent
it has in a degree turned from these
'and has lost prestige. The men now at
the head of affairs are going to com
mence anew and will devote all their
energies to the upbuilding of amateur
• . getting as far away from the Pro
fessional element and its following as
possible. It will be essentially a gentle
men's club and will be maintained on a
T*o this end the dues, now $3 per month.
will be increased to $5 on the Ist of next
month. There may be a slight loss of
membership owing to this radical move,
but the directorate believes the Ing-eased
income wiil more than compensate for the
possible defection of some members. Thy
comforts and conveniences for the memb
ers will be added to at once. One of the
lirst improvements will be a handbau
court of regulation size. This win be
built on the lot adjoining the clubhouse
on the west. It will be well lighted and
airy both of which qualifications are
lacking in the present courts. The Bpace
now occupied by these will be converted
into a lounging room for members. It is
Intend! d to keep the lobby clear of loung
it is not known yet what changes will
be made among the employes throughout
og. The wishes pf the new
rintendent will be consulted m this,
and only such men as are congenial to
bim Will be retained.
an instant, and k. pt working both hands
to the body and neck. Palmer again got
into a half crouching attitudt and got into
a clinch. As they broke McGovern threw
his right hard over the heart and hooked
his let! to the point of the jaw Palmer
Btaggered from the effects of this blow,
and McGovern, seeing his opportunity,
threw the right over to the mark and
Palmer fell to the floor in a half-con-
Bcious condition. He made desperate at
tempts to ~et up, but they were inrffect-
McGovern after he delivered the final
blow, turned his back on his .opponent
and waved his hands to his seconds, as
much as to Bay: "It's all over." The ref
eree bent over Palmer and counted the
seconds slowly and distinctly and when
I ■ uttered the word "ten" Palmer B sec
ond Jumped into the ring and carried the
defeated pugilist to his corner. Mean
while McQovern'a friends cheered long
»ud. Some of them gained admis
sion to the ring and presented to the vic
tor a floral horseshoe, which was soon
made a wreck, as admirers insisted on get
dowers or leaves from it as souven
irs Just as the master of i eremonies an
nounced McGovern the winner, John L.
Sullivan climbed through the ropes and
railing McGovern by name, told him to
shake hands with Palmer, who was now
r- gaining his senses. McGovern shook
bis victim warmly by the hand and then
turned and left the ring with Mb Beconds.
He was almost carried to his dressing
room. Meanwhile Palmer revived suffl
clently to walk from the ring to his dress
ing-room in the other corner of the build-
Palmer had no excuses to make and said
be had nothing to say in reference to the
bout only that he was surprised at the
brevity of the mill and claimed that Mc-
Govern held hin; With nne hand while he
punched him with the other. This was
an erroneous impression, because any
holding that was done during the round
waa done by Palmer, as McGovern'a arms
were never at test for a moment.
There was not a mark on any part of
McGovern' a body. When asked what he
thought of the bout he said: "I don t
krow what to say. It came ofl much
quicker than I expected. I thought it
would certainly go at least ten rounds
and maybe seventeen, but I had no doubt
as to the result. I never felt Palmer Mt
me and 1 am sure be was unable to touch
Mih any effect. 1 am now ready to
meet them as they come, Georg< Dixon
first and the real In their proper order.
Tom < CRourke, on behair of Dixon. chal
lenged the winner at US pounds tor $.","»
a aide Oscar Gardiner's manager also
challenged the winner on behalf of the
••omaha Kid" at any weight from 114
pounds up for SIO.W) a side.
"JIM" FRANEY'S DEATH.
The preliminary examination of Frank
McConnell <>n the charge of manslaugh
;. r ii. causing the death of "Jim" Franey,
at Woodward's Pavilion, on the night of
August 16 WU continued before J'idge
Conlan yesterday afternoon. .„._..
EUrana Cook, the referee of the fight,
testified that both McConnell and Franey
were sci< ntific men and the contest dif
fered in no way from the usual boxing
contest The men were friendly through
out the contest. Sergeant Wank testified
that he examined the gloves prior to the
tight and found them overweight.
j J Groom, one of the promoters nf the
fight ' testified thai the two men fought
for a percentage of the gate receipts in
the usual way. It was th<- custom always
to have the gloves in these contests over
w> ight.
This closed the case for the prosecution
ai '1 Attorney ChoynsH for trie defense
moved for a dismissal on the ground that
no malice had been shown on the uart of
the defendant, and the charge of man
slaughter could not stand. Thf motion was
opposed by Prosecuting Attorney Low.
who contended that the National Club,
under whose auspices the fight was held,
had not complied With the State law. ;is
'A was not a genuine athletic club. Ti,<-
Judge said he would render his decision
~ to-morrow.
« ♦ »
Stanford's New Eleven.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 12.—
Captain Murphy and Coach Chamberlain
had a squad of men out punting the ball
to-day. The work was light and will con
tinue to be so during: the week. About
thirty men were on the field, mostly fresh
men. Among last year's second eleven
were seen McFadden, J. Nourse and
Arthur Rice.
• ♦ ■
1 $sss«sssssss«ssssssss?sssssss^^
| | Send the SUNDAY CALL to |
your friends abroad— wrapped «
< ready for mailing, 5c per copy, \
■ ■ .-< ■ ■ . .. . ..!-.-->■■.■ • • 7
THK BAN IHAS CISCO CALL, WEDME6DAY. SEPTEMBER 13. 1899.
OPENING DAY
AT BROOKLYN
CLUB TRACK
Junior Champion Stakes for Two-
Year-Oids Is Won by Mes
merist in Good Time.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— There was a big
attendance at the Brooklyn Jockey Club
track to-day, it being the opening of the !
fall season and the rich Junior Champion i
stakes for two-year-olds being on the I
card. When the betting began there was
no question of the favorites, for nearly I
everybody wanted to back Mesmerist, so
the Bromley pair were backed as if it
was all over. Modrine, High Order and
the Madden pair were the only other ones
backed. The start was prompt and good
and Modrine was soon in front by a com
fortable margin, with Mesmerist at the
head of the bunch behind, none of them
being out of it. T'p to the backstretch
they flew, and although Mesmerist was
going easily in second place he was not
picking up any of tie distance that sep
arated him from the leader. As they i
rounded the upper turn, however, he j
gradually cut down Modrine' S lead and
when straightened out for .home was in
front.
In the meantime High Order and Ildrim
were very much in evidence, having come
up from behind, and at the last furlong
a blanket would have covered them. Then
High order began to falter, but stuck at
his work and finished gamely half a
length behind the favorite and a nock in
front of Ildrim. who in turn was a neck j
in front of Mml line. Imp was a hot fa- I
vorite for the first special, even money
being laid against her at post time, and
she won easily. Results:
Five and a half furlongs. Miss Marion
won, Lady Lindsay second. Lambent j
third. Time. 1:08%.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling, Handpress ■
won, Bannockburn second, Kirkwood
third. Time, 1:49 4-5.
Junior champion, six furlongs, Mesmer
ist won, High Order second, Ildrim third.
Time. 1:15.
First special, mile and a quarter. Imp
won May Hempstead second, Maxlne
third. Time, 2:09 4-5.
Five furlongs, selling, Reynolds won.
Belle of Orleans second, ORead third.
Time, 1:02 2-5.
The Hitchcock steeplechase, about two i
miles and a half. Dr. Catlett won, Dare
all second. Jack Dandy third. Time, 5:11.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— The sensation of
to-day's racing at Hawthorne was the |
disqualification of Mocorito after he had i
won the second race In a rattling finish j
with Pacemaker. It was discovered that j
Mocorito carried six pounds less than
weight. A heavy plunge was made on j
Pacemaker and the wise ones cashed. )
The fourth race furnished the best finish
of the day. Nullah, Azua and Martin
I Hike finished in a bunch with five horses
within striking distance. Weather fair;
track fast. Results:
Five furlongs, Wallenstein won, Fair
American second, Van Hoorebeke third.
Time. 1:0214.
Seven furlongs, selling. Pacemaker won,
Ruskin second, Samivel third. Time,
1:27^4. Mocorito finished first, but was
disqualified. Short of weight.
One mile, selling, Jackanapes won, Lil
lian Reed second, Tillie W third. Time,
I:4lM>.
Five furlongs, Mullah won. Azua sec
ond, Martin Duke third. Time 1:03.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling, Tap
pan won, Yuba Dam second, Kisme third.
Time, 1:48.
One mile. The Lady In Blue won, Peri
wig second, Rubel third. Time, I:4lft.
BUFFALO, Sept. 12.— At Fort Erie to-
I day the weather was threatening and the
i track slow. Results:
Six furlongs— Princess Margaret won,
I Levice second, Slasher third. Time. 1:16%.
Six furlongs, selling — Water Bottle won,
i Little Veronica second, Icedrop third.
Time, 1:16%.
Six furlongs— Charley Ramsay won.
! Cringe second, Young Bel third. Time,
1:16%.
Five furlongs— Mr. Brown won, Mono
ghan second, Martha Street third. Time.
1:03.
One and a quarter miles— Free Lance
won. Jessamine Porter second. Tip Gallant
i third Time, 2:07%.
Seven furlongs— Jessie Jarbo won. Also
j Ran second, Prospero third. Time, 1:28*4.
MILWAUKEE, Sept 12.— The State Fair
] races, which began to-day, were attended
by about 5000 people. The weather was
Ideal and the track in excellent shape. The
card was made up of two pacing events
in the 2:22 and 2:12 classes. It took five
heats to settle the first race, which was
won by Ovieda M, owned by H. B. Ed
wards of Detroit, Mich. Tim Donavan
gave Oviedo a hard run for first place,
and had be not broke in the fourth heat
when Hearing the wire at the finish would
have won the race. White Foot of the
Qravelrich farm captured the second
event In straight heats. Minnehaha was a
close second. Results:
Pacing. 2:22 class, purse $T,oO— Ovieda M
won second, fourth and fifth heats. Time
1 2:15k:, 2:18^, 2:15%. Tim Donavan won
I first and third heats, and was second
! Time, 2:143 i, 2:lSVfe. Dr. Flowershill was
! third. Walter K. Saul Rays Pacer, Bal-
I tattoo and Vanduzen also started.
Pacing, 2:12 class, purse $700— White
; Hose won in straight heats. Time, 2:11%
| 2:13-%. 2:14. White Foot was second, Mln
i nehaha third. Newton W, Paritude,
j Pinta, Rotha J and Barney McCoy also
I started.
TERRE HAUTE, Sept. 12,-Rplendld
weather and a large crowd to-day at the
: Terre Haute track greeted the first race
of what is to be four days of sport. Then*
wag a strong northeast wind, which in
t' riirod with the horses on the back-
Bt retch, but otherwise the weather condi-
I 1 i 1 1 1 1 h wore perfect, and the track was like
i silk. Results:
Trotting, 2:10 class— Erwln B won the
i race In straight heats. Time, 2:16, 2:15,
2:14%. Klondike, Maud C. Escabara. Lady
K,, Gaiety, Corinne, Ebba and Floatwood
also started.
racing, 2:08 class— William Me won first,
I second and lifth heats and the race. Time,
2:o*. 2:05V4. 2:o6'*. Arlington won the third
heat. Time. 2.09. Eyelet won the fourth
in 2:07. Bell Boy, Fannle Dillard, Indiana
and Giles Noyes also started.
Trotting, 2:24 class— Baron Wood won In
straight heats. Time, 2:14^. 2:15J4, 2:14%.
1 St. Selario. Rita E, Mexican Boy, Ruther
ford, Lady Jubilant. Miss Dean. J M C,
Lord Linton and Hillwood also started.
Merchants as Anglers.
The members of the Merchants' Rock
cod Club made one of their regular trips
around the bay last Sunday in the launch
Brisk. The members in the party were:
Captain 1.,. V. Merle. Lieutenant Lowen
borg, Chief Cook Rcis, Steward Otto Hill
and Commodore James Markland. Cap
tain Merle was the most successful fish
erman In the party, all the big fish being
taken by him. The gentlemen fished in
various places and generally had g:ood
luck.
Sports
SAN TOMAS
IS WINNER OF
THE FUTURITY
Crack Two-Year-Old of the Burns
& Waterhouse Stable Comes
In at Sacramento Track.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 12.— 1t was Gran
gers' day at Agricultural Park this after
noon and the visitors from the rural dis
tricts were among the early comers to the
track. Long before the gates were
opened the price of gold bricks had taken
an upward tendency, but the market was
dull with little doing. The patrons of
husbandry were attentive lookers-on, but
speculated little. The weather was warm
as usual and mosqirito-net clothing is still
in much demand.
Speculating on the harness events was
uncertain as usual. Dolly D won the 2:19
trot and it was hard telling whether or
not 3he was favorite. Dlawood at remu
nerative odds won the 2:12 class pace.
In the running events the talent fared
better, three choices scoring.
The rich Futurity stake for two-year
olds of the running division was the stel
lar event of the programme. Just a year
ago the stable of Burns & Waterhouse
carried off the prize with Bonibel, and
to-day repeated the turn with San Tomas,
a son of Imp. Brutus and Deception. The
winner, coupled in the betting with Bee
Bee, ruled odds on choice, the only other
starters being The Echo and Constella
tor. Bee Bee, with Charley Thorpe up.
could have won hands down, but was
! eased up at the finish to permit her stable
: companion to earn the laurels. The Echo
seemed possessed of no speed whatever
I and Constellator looked outclassed.
The 2:19 class trot, first decided, was
i captured by Dolly D. the Santa Rosa
j stock farm representative. In the open
ing heat the mare, a 1 second choice in the
betting, ended up in third position, owing
to a disastrous break early in the game.
Thereafter the daughter of Sidney Dillon
seemed to have her field at her mercy,
for she won hands clown. Athavls, han
dled by Dan Mizner, took the first heat
at odds of 8 to 1, thus cinching second
money. Twilight, guided by Dick Havey,
won third money.
Hoppled, distrusted and disgraced in
his last time out, Dlawood, a son of Di
ablo, downed his field like breaking sticks
in the 2:12 class pace. The books, not
[ noted for generosity, laid 8 to 1 against
the pacer for the opening heat, which he
i won easily from the favorite, Don. Beach
wood was also out for a "killing," but
after leading to the paddock stopped to
a walk. The latter was really the "good
thing" of the afternoon. In the second
heat Arthur W came from the bunch
with a fine turn of speed, but Diawood
developed no backing up propensities, |
taking the second heat and race from Ar
thur quite as easily as the first In 2:11. ,
I 1 this heat I Direct made a game effort,
finishing third, and with more racing luck ,
would have been a hardy contender at ■
' the end. It was perhaps fortunate for the j
winner that the conditions of the race |
did not call for heats three In five.
After the Futurity had been decided, a
seven furlong sprint, for which Manzanilla j
closed favorite, was called. Thorpe, who !
had the mount, rode one of his old-time ■
finishes, getting the verdict at the wire i
I by a short head from Meadow Lark, with
Mor?e up.
The three-cornered owners handicap,
with Libertine, Hohenzollern and Mount
McGregor as starters, was no doubt the
fiercest betting feature of the day. Mc-
Gregor, with Thorpe up, had the call, and
his superb saddle work undoubtedly won.
Assuming the '.cad almost from the jump,
he was hard pressed at the wire, but the
bay with roan markings hung on gamely,
heating Hohenzollern out over two
i lengths in 1:47*4. Had Morse on . the
latter, been given a whip the result
might have been different. Jack Ward,
astride Libertine, searched for all the
I pockets and found them. He . should re
turn to exercising again. . .-•
The final seven furlong dash, with a
! cheap band of platers lining up, went to
I Snips, a 5 to 1 shot, piloted by Mounce.
j Magnus, the 6 to 5 favorite, with Butler
; up ran third, beaten by Tenrica.
Following are the entries for to-morrow:
First race— Double teams : mile heats, two In
three.
Frasses-Mamle Rlley Primroee-Regina F
Our Boy-Sophia U Myrtle Whips-Dicta-
Marguerlte - Fanny tress
Putnam
Second race— Trotting, 2:18 class; mile heats,
two In three.
Maud Newman 1 Tip Timores
McNally Lynall
Azalea
Third race-Running, three-year-old and up
ward; selling ; six furlongs.
26 Bertha Me 99' 31 Alarla 104
M Major Cook 104 40 Nonchalance ....110
4.", Pongo 104 34 Semper Leon 93
47 Jack McCabe S3 49 Shellac ...101
Fourth race— Running, two-year-old maidens;
selling; five furlongs.
21 Halifax 107 42 Brltt 105
37 Knjoyment 102 87 Gross 105
37 Purmayah 102 37 Tres Jolie 105
23 Azor 11" 37 Electa C ....103
27 Mandamus 107 37 Ella de Pol 102
Fifth race— Running, two-year-olds;' selling;
five furlongs.
88 Midity 110! 37 El Arte 110
30 My Secret 106 37 Tagalog 105
37 Flamote 105 37 Fairfax 105
87 Rose of Hilo 106 1
Sixth race— Entries close to-morrow.
AWARDS OF PRIZES AT
AGRICULTURAL PARK
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— The follow
ing additional awards were made by the
judges at Agricultural Park.
In the class for draft horses the win
ners were: A. B. Mcßae, Roseville; O. T.
llriinagin. Woodland; Thomas Coulter,
Sacramento; H. S. Moddison, Marysvllle;
H. H. Wilson, Marysvllle, and T. A. Nu
fer, Sonoma.
Carriage teams— G. W. McMull^n of Sac
ramento took first and W. A. Caswell sec
ond prize. La Siesta ranch of San Jose
; took first premium in the teams shown of
; the roadster class.
Fancy traps— W. H. Haycock of Sacra
mento "took first and A. B. Mcßae of
Roseville second prize.
Of the saddle horses exhibited -First
' prize went to Mrs. George A. Sherman
and second to Mrs. T. Boyle.
In cattle classes— John Sparks of Reno
I took first and second premiums in nearly
all of the herds of Herefords shown, .n
--1 eluding sweepstakes. Mrs. Effle Burke
I and F. H. Burke carried off all prizes for
Holsteins.
For roadster geldings— P"irst prize was
I taken by Mrs. F. Try on and second oy
Charles Mahon.
First prize for four-year-old mare road
sters went to W. J. Irvine. Among the
j three-year-old mare roadsters passed up
on William Leech secured first prize.
In the Berkshire swine class the win
ners were— J. P. Ashley of Linden, Ses
' slons & Company of Los Angelee, and
Thomas Walte of Perkins.
In Essex swine class— J. P. Ashley of
Linden and George Bennett of East Oak
land were the prize winners.
Prize winners in the Poland China class
were— Sessions & Company, J. P. Ashley,
W. R. McCaslln of Savannah and S. P.
Lindgren & Son of Kingsburg.
NEW YORK AND
CHICAGO SPLIT EVEN
NATIONAL LEAGUE BTANDINO.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. | Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....85 37 .698 Chic-nun M fi3 .512
Philadelphia 80 47 .6tl| Pitttburg ...M «2 .f.ns
Boston 75 4S .610] LouiSVlllS ...r.S «7 .4i',3
Baltimore ...IX 51 .552 New Y0rk. ..53 73 .420
Cincinnati ..T2 55 .667 Washington .44 79 .357
Bt L0ui5. ...70 r,7 .661 Cleveland ...19 114 .143
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— New York and Chi
cago Bplit even to-day, the visitors (jetting the
first game through the poor fielding: of Car
sey. The second game was called on account
of darkness after the New Torks had scored a
run in the seventh, and the game reverted back
to the • sixth inning. Attendance 1200. Score,
first game:
R. H. E.
New York 5 13 1
Chicago 12 IS 1
Batteries— Carrlck, Doyle and Warner; Taylor
Opening *Dat/ {Brooklyn Club Urack. «.«<&—.
fL 2/ackt TjruantWiil 'Dc/end Cup.
TRUANT WILL DEFEND
THE CHALLENGE CUP
THE directors of the Corinthian Yacht
Club decided yesterday to defend the
perpetual challenge cup, of which the
Corinthians have been the holders
since 1897, with ex-Commodore J. \V.
}N w's sloop Truant. Last season the
Truant measured slightly over twenty
nine feet in racing length, and so would
not have been ellgfble as a defender of the
| cup. the extreme permissible length of
! the defending boat being 25.05 feet, or 10
! per cent greater than the racing length
! of the challenger, the Gadder, of the San
j Francisco Yacht Club. In order to reduce
I her water-line length the Tj-uant has been
! lightened, considerably and in the heavy
: weather that prevailed during the regatta
jof September 9 she seemed somewhat
tender. But it may be expected that the
i winds will be lighter on September 23,
! the date net for the race.
and Chance. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
Second game: r r
New York 6 11 6
Chicago 5 6 2
Batteries— Getting and Warner; Griffith and
Donahue. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
BROOKLYN. Sept. 12.— T0-day's game was a
slugging match; in which the Plttsburga fought
a good uphill battle, but were forced to sur
render through McJames' effective pitching In
th* last three innings. Dunn and Kennedy had
been used up In the first six. Chesbro was
batted hard during the early stages, but set
tled down toward the finish. Attendance 2400.
Score:
R. H. E.
Pittßburg 8 1* *
Brooklyn U v °
Batteries— Chesbro and Schrlver; Dunn, Ken
nedy, McJames and McGulre. Umpires—Swart
wood and Hunt.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 12.— The Phillies had
no difficulty in winning a double header from
Cleveland to-day. Knepper, who pitched the
first game for the visitors, was batted at will,
and Schmidt In the second was hit opportunely.
Both Orth and Platt were In good form and the
locals played a nice fielding game. Attendance
6108. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 8 2
Philadelphia 13 14 1
Batteries— Knepper and McAllister: Orth and
McFarland. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
Second game: r r r
R. H. E.
Cleveland 4 8 6
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— day of the meeting of the
State Fair Association, Tuesday, Sept. 12. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge— Covey.
FIRST RACE— Trotting, 2:19 class; mile heats, b-^st two In three; purse, $1000.
Santa Rosa Stock Farm's b. m. Dolly D. by Sidney Dillon-Dolly (Abies) J 1 1
PR Miner's b. K. Aihavis, by Clovis-Athalle (Mlzner) 16 8
Twilight, b. m.. by Noonday (Havey) . lit
Shelby br £, by Wllkes Moor (Rodriguez) ♦ 3 3
Felix B b f., by Nutwood WllkPS (H. Hogoboom) 5 5 4
Fanadm'a. br. m., by Eroa (8erry).......... < 4 6
Lochinvar, blk. h., by Director H (Harris) • » dlst
Time— 2:2o, 2:191,4, 2:19%.
SECOND RACK— Pacing, 2:12 class; mile heats, best two In three; purse, $1000.
0 J Holmes' oh. h Dlawood. by Dlablo-Abble Woodnut (Holmes) 1 1
Don," h., by Falrose (Reldy).. •••■••■• : 2 5
Arthur W, b h., by \Vay! \V (Quinn) ; 7 2
Beechnood br. m.. by BUkwood (Baker) ••••• 3 3
1 Direct, blk. h., by Direct (Runrh) 5 3
Floraclta, b. m., by Red Cloak (Havey) • ♦ 6
Hanoi H. b. m., by Blzmark (Donathan).... • B 7
Monteclto Boy, b. g., by Glenwood (Maben) 8 .»
Time— 2:». ,
Trading Judge-J. W. Wilson. Starter-R. Havey.
This will be the fourth contest for the
perpetual challenge cup, which was pur
chased by subscription in 1595 and de
posited with the Encinal Yacht Club as
trustee. In that year the San Francisco
Yacht Club challenged with F. C. Bart
lett's sloop Queen, which was beaten by
the Encinal defender, El Sueno. In 1896
the San Franciscos challenged ag-ain with
the sloop Catherine, but she was defeated
by the Knolnal yacht Fawn. In 1897 the
Corinthians challenged with the Aeolus,
which defeated the Fawn and won the
trophy, which has not been challenged for
until a few weeks ago.
Ex-Commodore J. W. Pew, who will
steer the Truant, is thoroughly familiar
with the Corinthian course, over which
the race will be sailed. He is an excellent
seaman and was commodore of the Corin
thian Yacht Club In 1593. 1895 and 1896.
Philadelphia 8 9 0
Batteries— Schmidt and Sugden; Piatt and
McFarland. Umpires — Snyder and McGarr.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 12.— Howell had the
Colonels shut out up to the ninth Inning to
day, when a base on balls started a batting
rally that tied the spore. In the twelfth i
Brodle'a momentary hesitation In fielding a hit
allowed the runs to tally that won the game.
Attendance 2250. Score:
R H E
LouiFville 5* 13 3
Baltimore 3 9 1
Batteries— Waddell and Zimmer: Howell, Me- j
Ginety. ( 'risham and Robinson. Umpires — Ems- |
lie and Dwyer.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— The Senators i
pulled the Red Stockings down a peg In the i
race by taking two games to-day. In the first i
Evans had them at his mercy. Taylor, who '
had poor control, voluntarily retired at the end :
of the fifth, and Peitz pitched the remainder |
of the game for Cincinnati. In the second game •
the Senators won out in the ninth Inning. ;
Freeman and McGann were put out of the j
game for roughly handling the umpire. At- I
tendance 2300. Score, first game:
R. H. E. !
Washington 7 11 2 ]
Cincinnati 3 * 2 1
Batteries— Evans and Klttredge; Taylor and
Kahoe. Umpire— Latham.
Second game:
R. H. E.
Washington 5 11 0
Cincinnati 4 8 2
Batteries— McFarlan, Roach and Kittredge; j
Bawley and Kahoe. Umpire— Latham.
Sports
SILENT TOAST
IN MEMORY OF
HARRY EMERIC
San Francisco Flycasting Club
Listen to a Eulogy by Fish
Commissioner Vogelsang.
The members of San Francisco Flyeast
ing Club drank a silent toast to the mem
ory of Harry F. Emeric at their meeting
last night. Prior to this touching cere
mony the scene was an Impressive one
as the members listened intently to a
gracefully worded eulogy pronounced by
Fish Commissioner Vogelsang on the man
•who is 6aid to have done more in his
lifetime for fish and game interests in
California than any other individual. The
toast was drunk standing.
Archie J. Treat presented a series of
views of the trouting streams of the Lak.j
Tahoe and Glen Alpine district. They
seemed in effect to take the anglers iroiti
the wind swept streets of the city into
the mountains they all know so well.
With the aid of a stereopticon. operate ■<!
by H. C. Tlbbitts. he showed those in at
tendance favorite pools and lakes in
which they have ofttime cast a fly »n
their quest for the splendid trout wnlcn
is there in abundance. t
The majority of the views were from
photographs by Mr. Treat and showed the
most artistic bits of mountain scenery.
Mr Treat adds the accomplishment of an
gler to that of photographer and handled
his subject from the standpoint of the
former. He gave a clever running de
scription of the views, taking pains to
compliment the mc-mbers of the State
Fish Commission for the good work they
have done in storking the streams. TJjose
in attendance were:
President Walter D. Mansfield, Alex.
Vogelsang, Edward Everett, Harry
Golcher, A. J. Treat. H. O. Tlbbitts, John
de Witt. Frank Haight. H. Battue Mr.
Finch. Judge John Hunt. Frank McLen
non, Colonel George C. Edwards. F. ' ;.
Sanborn, Bart Noyes. J. P. Babcock, A.
Lagercrantz, Mr. Cooper. C. M. Walker,
A. E Lovett. Mr. Sanborn. Charlie Stonf\
Oliver Haslett. C. G. Young. Herman Mul
ler, Mr. Eisenbrook, Mr. Keid, Mr. Broth
erton and "Fred Johnson.
ALMOST RUN DOWN
THE YACHT SHAMROCK
Sir Thomas Lipton's Challenger
Nearly Fouled by a Scow That
Drifted in the Wind.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Great peril be
set the Shamrock yesterday afternoon and
evening at the height of the easterly gale.
The scow Ulster, with the spare spars of
the challenger, dragged her anchor, and
was only prevented from drifting down
upon the yacht by the heroic efforts of
the combined crews of the Llpton fleet.
Three attempts were made by the men of
one of the launches before success
crowned their efforts. With heavy lines
fast the barge was slowly towed from her
dangerous proximity to the yacht. Then
lines were thrown to the Shamrock, and
with one around her steel mast near the
deck and another to her mooring buoy she
was dragged to a position of safety.
The Shamrock's topmast, which had
been housed, was sent up. Then the new
main sail was bent and when it was in
place it was readily seen what Sir Thomas
Lipton meant when he said he had sur
prises in store for American yachtsmen.
It is crosscut fashioned, after the biL?
sails turned out by the Herreshoffs. There
were a few rough places about it in need
of an hov.r or two of stretching.
The new boom was variously estimate'!
to be from 110 to 112 feet long, and the
metal gaff at from 69 to 71 feet. All in
all, the new sail is formidable, and. in the
words of naval experts, "lays all over
the Columbia's biggest in size."
Later in the afternoon the new club top
sail was sent up. Its size is also pro
digious. In fact, it is in reality a sky
scraping topsail and Its area is such as to
make all ordinary topsails look modest.
FOR THE WATER CARNIVAL
Elaborate Preparations Have Been
Made for the "Night in Ven
ice" at Belvedere.
The great spectacle, a watrr carnival
representing "A Night in Venice," will ho
held at Belvedere on Saturday evening.
The most elaborate preparations have
been made and a brilliant affair la
pected to result. Special excursion strain
ers will leave Tiburon ferry at 7, 7:80 and
7:45 p. m., returning after the carnival
lights have been extinguished. To
commodate Oaklanders, a boat will leave
Tiburon at 10:30 o'clock, even though tho
programme be still unfinished. Special
excursion tickets may be obtained at the
business office of The Call. These entitle
the holder to a seat in the grand stand.
County Tax Levy
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Before next Mon
day the Supervisors must fix the tax levy.
The tax last your was $1 53, but this yi ar
It will probably be $1 K~>. This Is the'out
side rate and Includes road funds. Tho
inside rate will probably be $1 23.
Dependable Drugs
Electric
Belts and
Batteries
Be careful when you buy electric
belts and batteries. Don't pay ex-
travagant prices — it is not necessary.
Jhe best electrical goodsfclmade are
here. None better — not even those
sold be so-called specialists.
Save you 75 per cent on thse goods.
Electric Belts $5
Electric belts — all sizes, all kinds
for all diseases for which electric-
ity is recommended. Regular
price is $15.
Electric Insole 40c
For cold feet, rheumatism, etc
Fit inside the shoes and come in
contact with feet; regular price $1.
.. Electric Battery $2.50
In polished mahogany box ; size
4ixjx2s inches. Complete with
all necessary appliances. Small,
handy, convenient and useful.
Regular price $4.
Trusses $1.50
An expert and skillful truss fitter
fits every truss we sell. A truss
that does not fit is useless. Pri-
vate room; men and women at-
tendants.
ill2B MARKET ST., S. F.
TEL. SOUTH 366
10th*BROA DWAYCtcI. main »o.}o*kl*noNEWS OF CAMPS AND TRANSPORTS
THE CAMPS ARE
MUCH HEALTHIER
THAN THE CITY
Over Eleven Thou
sand Quartered.
The records of the Presidio for yes
terday morning show that 11,553 men
are quartered within its boundaries —
enough to make an army. There were 330
recruits, 40 casuals, 57 in the regular gar
rison, approximately 5256 volunteer infan
try on the way to the Philippines and ap
proximately 5000 more returned from the
islands ar.d awaiting muster out.
In all this number there is but one case
of typhoid fever, and there is no case of
contagious disease that has been contract
ed in the camps. Every case now in the
hospital has en brought in with the
troops. The percentage of sick in the
camps shows a higher health average
than the city, while the death rate is far
below anything the city can bring for
ward. The sanitary arrangements of the
camps have not been equaled in the mili
tary history of the country, but it has
cost a great deal of money. As they now
stand the camps at the Presidio have cost
the Government $150,000, but there has been
no loss of life teat could have been pre
vented, and the investment was a g<x>d
one. Returning volunteers speaJk of the
camp as "home," when compared to those
in Manila, and they are pretty near being
correct.
Governor Lind of Minnesota spent the
afternoon at the Presidio. The $10 due
each man from the State was paid, and
tnen the regiment was formed In line and
was inspected by the Governor, and after
ward the men marched in review before
him.
To-morrow General Shaffer and his
staff will proceed to Sacramento to be
present -: "Governor's day" at the
State Fair. It is expected that Admiral
Kautz and his staff will also be of the
party. It will be a strictly full dress
affair, and the two dignitaries with the
accompanying officers will be given a
special Pullman.
To-day is the time set for the enter
tainment of the Minnesota. Regiment by
the men from California. While out in
Manila the Minnesota Regiment had the
California men over to a Thanksgiving
dinner, and the home boys have never
forgotten the time they had. The affair
to-cay will be In return for the favors
they then received, and efforts will be
made to have it as successful an event
as was the other occasion.
Orders assigning the remainder of the
Thirty-fourth Infantry left after the
Columbia sailed to the Belgian King have
been issued. Thirty unassigned recruits
will also sail on the same transport.
The following officers have been as
signed to duty with the battalion of the
fortieth Infantry to be organized here:
First Lieutenant Henry P. Fletcher.
First tenant Hamilton Bowie and
Second Lieutenant Joseph C. Righter Jr.
First Lieutenant Russell C. Langdon,
Third Infantry, has been assignee to
duty with the recruits at the Presidio
pending assignment to Manila.
Courts-martial have been busy lately,
with the following results:
Private James Cassin. Company I,
Nineteenth Infantry, found guilty of "riot
ous and disorderly conduct on the streets
of San Francisco to the scandal and dis
grace of the military service, sentenced
"To be dishonorably discharged the ser
vice of the United States, forfeiting all
pay and allowances due him and to be
confined at hard labor at such place as
the reviewing authority may dircet for
six *6) months."
Recruit Frank Lewi?, Ninth Infantry.
found guilty of desertion, in violation of
the forty-seventh article of war. sen
tenced "To be dishonorably discharged
the service of the United States, forfeit
ing all pay and .allowances due him and
to be confined at hard labor at such place
as the reviewing authority may direct for
s;x <6) months."
' n ::. Fourth
' ' - ' ' rr.par.y No 4
Presidio, found guilty
I "To be dishonorably
■
7 all pay and
1 ' 1 ed at hard labor
. b place as the reviewing authority
t for 1
' Peter H - inassigned,
my No. 4. casual detachment
- •
_ -.
f the Unli - --g all
pay and allowances due him and to u e
■■••■e as
the r _ luthority may direct for
Private Edward K. Hook of the Twen
tieth Kansas Volunteers, died in the gen
eral hospital at the Presidio Monday
night. He was suffering from tubercu
losis and came home from Manila on the
Sherman.
JEWISH VOLUNTEERS.
Patriotic Hebrews W ho Served
Their Country Against
Spaniardand TagaJ.
The Twenty-seventh Regiment, United
States Infantry Volunteers. Colonel Bell,
which arrived in San Francisco from New
York last Wednesday, contains quite a
percentage of Jewish young men. A dele
gation of the volunteers called on Rabbi
M. S Levy recently. The Israelites of
the regiment will attend Day o4» Atone
ment services at the Geary street Taber
nacle next Wednesday evening. The next
evening., Thursday, they will be enter
tained at a downtown Jewish restaurant.
The next day. Friday, the regimen! sails
per Manila. The alumnae of Beth Israel
fad a number of young ladies will assist
ft entertaining the volunteers at the ban
quet. Rabbi Levy called on Colonel Bell,
commanding the regiment, and received a
cordial welcome and the assurance that
everything that the colonel could do to
promote the welfare of the Jewish volun
teers would be done.
A WIFE FROM THE EAST.
James Snippy. Married Here. Claimed
by Another Woman.
Medical Officer" at the Presidio may
cau.se serious trouble for James Snippy,
once a member of the Hospital Corps,
but recently discharged. The letter was
from a woman living at 219 East One
Hundred and Twenty-seventh street.
New York, who claims to be Shippy's
wife. She says he left her and their
two children to go to the war in Cuba,
but that when he returned he asked for
i transfer to this coast, and she has seen
or heard nothing from him since. As
Shlppy married Mise Virginia Blener
hassett, a telephone girl of this city,
and is now living with her at her
mother's residence, 320 Polk street, the
appearance of the Eastern woman is
pvfripnrlv c mharrassinsr.
To Entertain Minnesotans.
Several members of the relatives* com
mittee of the First California Volun
teers held a meeting Monday night
at the armory on Ellis street and
discussed informally the arrangements
for the entertainment of the Minne
sota volunteers in return for the com
pliment paid by the Minnesotans to
the Californians at Manila last Thanks
givingr. Few. conclusions were reached.
The Minnesotans will have a luncheon
provided for them at the Presidio next
Wednesday. Delicacies will be supplied
by the ladies. The entertainment of Com
pany X of the Minnesota Regiment by
Company X of the First California Volun
teers will take place one week from next
Wednesday. The dates when other Cali
fornia companies will entertain Minnesota
companies of the corresponding letters
have not been fixed. No two companies
■will entertain upon the same night.
Fire at a Sugar Refinery.
The. alarm of fire from box 316, corner
of Twenty-second and Ge<#rgla streets, at
10:43 o'clock last night was for a blaze on
the roof of the Western Sugar Refinery,
caused from sparks from the furnace. The
damage was not stated. v
SOUTH DAKOTA'S LEADING
SON ARRIVES IN TOWN
GOVERNOR ANDREW E. LEE of South Dakota arrived at the Occidental
from the north yesterday morning- He oame alone, having been preceded
- c time and another by ail the other gentlemen who compose the del
egation nominated by that State to come out to the coast and welcome the
volunteers.
All the officers of the South Dakota Regiment save those under arrest
congregated at the depot to welcome their executive and accompanied him to
his hotel, where the excellent breakfast which had been prepared for him was
discussed with a gusto furnished by long travel on the part of the Governor
and long deprivation on the part of the officers who sat down to the table with
him.
After breakfast the Governor retired to his apartment?, where he had a long
conference with Colonel Frost, supposedly concerning the troubles that exist
between the commanding officer of the Daicota boys and some of his subor
dinates.
During the aY t fovernor L^e visited the Presidio, where he was wel
comed with all due honor by the men of his State's regiment.
As to the plans concerning the b ~ •-- \r.g of th< I . -lunteers they re
main still in abeyance as far as anything definite is concerned. From those of
the delegation who arrived here in time t ~ ; .:sh the object of their jour
ney and greet the boys on their aj-rival it was '.-earned that the wishes of the
men themselves would be the all-importar.t factor in the celebration which is to
take place in their own State. As yet these wishes have not been fully ascer
tained.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL
BOXTON BANQUETED
HE IS GUEST OF HONOR AT A
BRXT.LTAN'T AFFAIR.
' Alumni Association of the College of
1 Physicians and Surgeons Enter-
tains the Returned
Volunteer.
A delightful banquet was tendered last
night to Lieutenant Colonel Charles Box
ton by the Alumni Association of the Col
lege of Physicians. and Surgeons, a:, the
affair was a brilliant one in every respect.
Kitty guests sat down at table, and Dr.
Thomas L. Hill acted as toastmaster. The
honored guests were Colonel A. C. Girard,
U. S. A., and Colonel W. H. Forwood, U.
S. A. The following were the toasts;
■"Our Honored Guests," Colonel Chariea
Boxton; "The College." Dr. Winslow An
derson; "The Alumni," Dr. William J.
Jackson; "Our New Colonies," C. K.
Benesteil; "The Ladies," Dr. Oliver T.
Wilson: "The Man of the Hour," Dr. L.
T. Cranz.
Following is a list of the guests: Lieu
tenant Cclonel Boxton. Colonel A. C. Gi
rard. U. 8. A.; Drs. Winslow Anderson,
Thomas Morffew, L. T. Cranz. W. A.
Moore and G. S. Bachman of the State
Dtntal Examiners, Drs. John Robertson,
Thomas Fletcher, Thomas L. Hill, W. E.
Brooks, W. J. Jackson, L. A. Teague, W.
M. H. Burfeind A. T. Derby, W. A.
Knowles. S. E. Knowles, Frank Pague. a.
W. McKenzie. G. E. Daniels, E. G. Fris
bie, D. A. Hodgehead. W. F. Southard, E.
S. Howard, E. E. Kelly. W. A. Bryant.
Russel Cool, A. W. Taylor. George Adam,
C. H. Rosenthal. R. E. O'Connell, C. K.
Bonestell, Fred W. Lux. F. F. Knorp. I.
L. Asay. W. H. Armstrong, H. B. Ward.
M. E. Clarke, J. W. Hamilton. Dr. G. H.
O'Hea, X. Dodel, R. C. Brower, M. J.
Seeley. Colonel W. H. Font 1.U.& A.:
W. F. Lewis, J. L. Pease, Charles
Goodale.
■ ♦ »
POISON DID NOT KILL HIM
John uricevi. a paver formerly em
d by the Market-street Railway
my. aged 4ft years, and residing at
1416 Harrison street, died under what ap
peared for a while to be suspicious cir
cumstances yesterday morning. The man
-en suffering with stomach trouble
for some time and has been treated by
J. P. Michieli, a medical student. On Sep
:ember 1 the student prescribed nux vom-
Ica ar.<i n Monday evening administered
-ning potion consisting of bromide
and chloral. Yesterday morning, about 9
o'clock, the man died in convulsions, af'er
a spasm which lasted an hour and a half.
A butcher, w. N. Meyer, of 227 Dore
street re] wted the case to tin • ner's
deputies and <=tated rhat Mlchieli'a medi
cine had killed Gricevi. An autopsy | er
formed last nirrht revealed the fact that
the man had died fr.->m stomach trouble
and not from either poison or drugs.
Michielf claims that Mej - si ry was
Instigated by a dispute over J'-o. "which
the dead mar. left, and which Michieli
•ranted to keep for the deceased's little
iauerhter.
O'SULLIVAN'S FAREWELL.
Denis O'Sullivan gave a farewell concert
at Sherman & Clay Hall Ip.st evening.
singing his adieu to an appreciative audl
■hiir crowded the auditorium to its
utmost capacity. It was a ballad concert
ami the soulful, dramatic, gay and humor
ous chanson of that ilk found place on the
excellent programme.
O'Sullivan was In splendid voice and
caught his audience in most sympathetic
mood. Applause was loud and often, the
singer frequently gratifying the demand
for an encore.
Fractured His Skull.
John S. Stawpert. a conductor recently
1 employed by the Market Street Railway
| Company, was struck by a cable car last
i night, while crossing at the corner of Clay
! and Leavenworth streets. He was remov
ed to the Receiving Hospital, where it
was found that he had sustained a frac
ture of the skull. As he was an employe
of the railroad company Dr. Dray, the
surgeon in charg#. had him removed to
the Railroad Hospital. His skull was tre
panned and a large clot of blood removed
from the brain. Although his condition is
serious, the doctors hope for his recovery.
[ Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a \
marvel of beautiful illustrations
— its half-tone work being es-
pecially fine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 13. 1899.
KNIGHTS OF ST.
PATRICK IN MEMORIAM
At a meeting of the Knights of St.
Patrick last night the following resolu
- ■■- ere ad< pted:
Whereas. It has pleased Almighty
to take from our circle our dear
respected brother knight. ex-Sen
ator M. J. Donovan, to receive his heav
enly reward; and.
Whereas, He has filled the positions
" 3< hool Director and Sub-Treasurer
for the city and county of San Fran
cisco, as well as Senator for the State of
California, with credit to himself and
his fellow citizens and countrymen;
and.
Whereas, In his death our society has
lost one of its oldest and highly re
spected members, one ever ready to dis
charge the duties pertaining to mem
bership.
Resolved, That, in mourning his loss,
we shall ever revere the memory of a
friend, an honest and an upright man.
who won the respect of all with whom
he came in contact in public or private
life, and who, as a brother knight, was
true to the land that gave him birth —
Ireland.
Resolved, That these resolutions be
spread on the minutes of our meeting
and that a copy be transcribed and for
warded to his widow and family.
JAMES K. COSGRAVE.
THOS. J. WELSH.
ROBERT FERRAL
CHICAGO ATTORNEY
DIES IN LOS ANGELES
J. T. Kretzinger Succumbs to Heart
Failure in the Hollenbeck
Hotel.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 12.-J. \ . Kret
zincr. a well-iaiuwu lawyer of Chicago,
was found dead in his bed in a room at
the Hi llenbet k Hotel here to-day. Mr.
Kretzinger arrived yesterday from Den
ver and went to Santa Monica in com
pany with Captain W. T. Beatty. They
returned last night and retired in sep
arate apartments at the Hollenbeck. This
morning Captain Beatty arose late and
not meeting Mr. Kretzinger according to
appointment went to his room. There
weri- no responses to his repeated knocks
and when the door was opened Mr. Kret
zinger was found to be dead. A physician
who was summoned gives the cause of
death as heart disease.
J. T. Kretzinger is a member of the law
firm of Kretzinger, Gallagher & Rooney.
with offices In the Monadnock block, Chi
cago. He came here from Denver on a
mining deal in which Captain Beatty la
interested. When he retired last nigm.
he appeared to be in good health and
spirits.
HOSPITAL CLOSED.
Smallpox Has Been Entirely Eradi
cated in This City.
The smallpox hospital at San Bruno av
enue and Twenty-sixth street was offi
cially closed by the Board of Health yes
terday. The last of the victims of the late
epidemic of thr disease was discharged
from the institution early in the day, and
at 12 o'clock several health inspectors
with apparatus and chemicals fumigated
the building throughout.
Dr. Fryor. the interne of the City and
County Hospital who volunteered to at
tend the smallpox patients at the insti
tution, and who was afterward granted a
fee of $"> a day during his quarantine by
the Board of Health, was discharged this
morning, as were the nurses and other at
tendants.
Hamden-Wilder Wedding.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 12.— Miss Sarah W.
Harnden. daughter of Mrs. F. C. Ham
den of 1137 Broadway, and James A. Wild
er, son of the well-know u capitalist of the
same name of Honolulu, were married at
8:90 o'clock this evening at the residence
of the bride's mother. Rev. G. R. Dodson
officiated.
Miss Roberta Harnden acted as brides
maid and David Goodrich of New York
■was best man. About seventy-five guests
were present. Mr. and Mrs. Wilder will
leave shortly for Paris, where Mr. Wilder
will continue his art studies.
Killed by a Train.
OMAHA, Sept. 12. -Ray B. Embree, a
Fheepman from Ketterer, Wyo.. in charge
of a train of sheep, was struck by the
Union Pacific fast mail at Papillion,"N«b.,
to-day and instantly kilied.
HIGHBINDER BULLETS
FLY IN CHINATOWN
AFTERMATH OF THE ABDUCTION
CASE.
Wong Hing, the San Jose Murderer.
Fires Three Shots at His
Pursuers.
Wong Hing. a San Jose murderer and
highbinder, took three shots at a couple
of coolie brethren yesterday afternoon
and narrowly escaped killing one of them,
>; at the same time hitting an inoffensive
workingman. who was seated in a store
in the neighborhood. The shooting took
* place on Spofford alley, between Clay and
" Washington streets, and grew out of the
> recent abduction of a Chinese woman
> from Waverly place.
About six weeks ago Wong Hing shot
' and killed Lee On? Poon in San Jose and
» also wounded Deputy Sheriff Mackey. who
attempted to arrest him. The trouble at
that time arose from a dispute over a
' woman who had been abducted from this
►, city. Since the time of the murder, the
whereabouts of Hing has be^n unknown
' to the officers, and yesterday Deputy
s Sheriff Mackey brought two Chinamen.
, Ah Fong and Ah Yum. to this city that
they might make a search of Chinatown
> and possibly locate the man who was
> wanted.
> About 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
Chinamen were passing down Spofford
* alley, when the object of their search sud
> denly emerged from a doorway and
, drawing a 44-caliber revolver, fired
three shots at them. The first bullet
> passed through the leg of Ah Yura'a
, trousers and the second, glancing from
the pavement, passed through a window
> of Mow Tung & Co.'s store, at 536 Wash
, . ington street. The last missile grazed the
head of Bin Tun. a laborer who was seat
* ed inside of the window.
> Wong Hing hastily replaced the revolv
er in his pocket and made his escape aft^r
the third shot had been fired. He entered
' ' a building on the alley tn which the shoot
> ing occurred and which Is known to con
tain headquarters of a number of tongs,
and was not seen afterward. The polioe
> made a search of the premises and came
» ' to the conclusion that the man had passed
over a number of roofs in the neighbor
' hood and alighted on Waverly plar
> i Chinese are much excited over the affair
, ; aDd claim that it is a good prelude for
another highbinder war.
"OTHELLO" A HAT
AT THE TIVOLI
THE further the grand opera season
at the Tivoli progresses the more in
terested seem the public in the per
formances. "Othello" attracted a
large audience last evening, which ex
pressed its appreciation in frequent out
bursts of honest enthusiasm. Particular
applause was bestowed upon the duet be
tween Othello and lago in the second act.
which Avedano and Salassa rendered with
a dramatic Intensity that brought the
house upon its feet. A regular ovation
occurred after each act.
Miss Anna Lichter ad.ied an^th^r laurel
leaf to her wreath by her exemplary" ren
dition of Desdamona. The "Are Mana"
- xecuted with an adherence :<> senti
ment, a faithfulness to color and phras
ing that added a great many admirers
to Miss LJ BX of friends.
Miss Charlotte Beckwith, although not
playing exactly a prominent part, should
be encouraged. She has a natural dra
matic soprano with some mezzo qua
and if she would study more the art of
bringing her voice forward instead of
keeping it back there cannot be any doubt
that her success as an operatic singer
would be a great one.
Orchestra and chorus added luster to
the performance ar.d the bass solo in the
last H'-t was renedered very intelligently
and effectively.
ALFRED METZGER.
DREYFUS AND BOARD OF TRADE
A Chance That California's Exhibit
• Will Be Sent to Buffalo.
The subject of the Paris International
Exposition and the Dreyfus agitation
formed one of the principal matter? oi
-sion at the meeting of the State
Board of Trade yesterday. It will be re
membered that soon after the State Paris
Commission was formed the genti^rci'-n
composing the latter requested the Board
of Trade to assist in the matter of mak
ing a collection of the products of Cali
fornia that would excel anything that had
ever been placed before the public. Man
ager J. A. Filcher and his corps of assist
ants, at the instance of the directors, s^t
to work, and now the exhibit is well un
der way, but much still remains to be
done. So far the exhibits consist of fruit,
cereals and agricultural products.
Within the last few .lays the protests
of all civilized nations have gone up
against the verdict pronounced against
Captain Dreyfus of th<= French army, and
not a few of the influential bodies of
Europe and America have suggested that
the best way to express their contempt
power where such injustice
is to boycott the Paris exposition.
At the meeting of the board yesterday it
wws decided to wait until the State Leg
islature should take action. As a fact
the State Board of Tradr- stands as an
employe of the State Par-.s i 'ommission.
and has no say in what shall b*> done. Th>
collecting of the exhibits will go on until
the commission mentioned sriv-s the ord-'r
to stop. Should this order be given it is
likely that the fine exhibit already col
iP^r.^V', will be senr to thf> big national ex
position to be held in Buffalo. N. Y.
Slimson— Willie, where did you get that
black eye?
"It's all right, pop. I've only been civ
ilizing the boy next door."— Life.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WOMEN do so-called healthy women suffer.
Even so-called healthy women suffer.
But they are not healthy
The marks left by pain are on the young faces of many of our
daughters. Pain that leaves its mark comes from a curable
, . cause. If that cause is not removed its
_„, £(&>*&' influence reaches out and overshadows a
gffg%Jw m whole life. The reason Lydia E. Pinkham's
ujmm&fimmer'Rm Vegetable Compound has been so uni-
wWmJfmwmßlißW formly successful for over a quarter of a
jmjjMijyii m\tt* century in overcoming the suffering of
VwrrCLfl ■ women, is that it is thorough and goes
; — I directly to the cause. It is a woman's
remedy for woman's ills. "LL Ji '.JJLBLH'MJJiijIIji'JjLiWW-- 11^
Miss Emily F. Haas, of 148 Freeman ' B^M^.; "l
St., Greenpoint, Brooklyn, N. V., writes: :I^^^^^^^^^^^^g
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham— l wish to
state that I used your Vegetable Com- x^j^^^^^^feS^Al!
pound with the greatest success. I W^ -^GiEßfflßlfilsßsleKi
was very sick for nearly a year with Jl^ HI
hysteria, was down-hearted and v- oHßropSl^
nervous; also suffered with painful JP^L wfiufiPlsHraail
menstruation and pain in back and S O /^^^\2nHßwß§
limbs. I often wished for death, <- s 3^ 'jHHSna
thinking nothing would cure me. I '^'Wf^S^^'J^^^m
had doctors, but their medicines did ,'jll !i\\ \'\^»^^^^^^^a
me no good. At last, by the advice J\ 'W.r^>(l^^^l^^
of a friend, I began to take Lydia E. />)*■' ~JV % b9C9S|
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. - :^ Ifl^^^M^
and lam happy to say it has entire- £v\\\\ <^-~^
that I must write you and tell /M^^^CJ^^ \ V^Pi
done for me. I had neuralgia ' Jtiiri fl^ $Ur> \\^
of the stomach for two years, \ \ '
so bad that I could not do any \ \
work. I had two or three doc- ' \ »
tors, but did not seem to get any bet- V \
ter. I began taking Lydia E. Pink- I V
ham's Vegetable Compound and Liver ' I \
Pills and improved from the first, had , \\
better appetite, and after taking three bottles of Compound
and one box of Liver Pills, can say that lam cured. Your
Vegetable Compound is a wonderful medicine." j
COLONEL O. F. LONG
HONORED BY COMRADES
ARMY AND NAVY UNION GAR
RISON NAMED AFTER HIM.
Ths Occasion Is Celebrated by a Re
c«ption to the Popular Quarter
master of the Transport
Service.
Colonel Oscar F. Long of the United
States transport service was tendered a
splendid reception Ljy the garrison of the
Army and Navy which bears his name.
The garrison was formerly known as Cal
ifornia No. 101. but in honor of the many
courtesies extended to its members, and
by reason of his exceeding popularity as
a gentleman and a soldier, the name was
changed to the Colonel O. F. Long Garri
son.
The reception took place in the banquet
hall in the Alcazar building, and over 200
of his comrades gathered to do him
honor. These Included the members of
the garrison, delegations from the lowa
and iCarblebead and volunteers from the
various regiments now at the Presidio.
Commander J. F. Fitzgerald introduced
the guest of the evening In an appropriate
speech, and Colonel Long responded by
expressing his sincere appreciation of the
honor conferred on him. He also referred
to the co-operation of the Army and Navy
Union with the transport service, which
had dene much to bring it to its present
high state of efficiency.
speeches were also delivered by Captain
D. T. Geary of the heavy artillery. Past
Commander Frank Wisker. Honorary
Paymaster M. Remensperger, Captains n.
P. Batchelder and John Barnason of the
transport service, Quartermaster J. A.
Lansanderfer, Vice Commodore R. L.
peverell and Garrrison Inspector William
Gross.
The evening- was enjoyably spent in re
counting Incidents of the late and pres
ent wars. There were selections by the j
Third Artillery band and vocal selections ;
by several of the guests, and the enter
tainment concluded with three hearty
cheers for Colonel Long.
TROUBLE ON BOARD
TROOPSHIP PUEBLA
Negro Soldiers Accused of Cheating
at Craps Attacked by the
White Men.
HONOLULU. Sept. s.— Eighty-seven ne
gro soldiers on the transport City of
Puebla. which -rived from San Francisco
this morning, had a few moments of great
excitement and terror last Thursday in
mid-ocean. A quarrel arose between the
whites and the blacks, and only the timely
intervention of a provost guard prevented
a fight that would have ended badly for
th- colored troops.
The trouble arose over "shooting craps."
The negroes were accused of cheating
and stealing and soon a good deal of feel
ing was shown. Last Thursday morning
matters reached a climax. Several white
rs claimed to have been robbed
during the night and accused several of
the coiortd men of the robbery. The ne
groes stood by one another ar.d collected
together in the bow of the boat, ready
for an attack. Before the white men had
time to make an advance Captain Devere
learned of the situation. He sent a pro
vost guard to the scene and the guard
held the factions at bay. For the rest of
the trip the negroes kept together in the
bow and there was no more trouble.
COUGHRAN WILL BE
CHARGED WITH PERJURY
Mrs. Charles Smyth Will Swear to a
Warrant for His Arrest.
SAX RAFAEL. Sept. 12.— At the insti
■ M .ehran. a local bill collec
tor. Arthur Scott swore to a complaint to
day charging Attorney Charles Smyth of
San Francisco with obtaining money un
der false prtenses. It was alleged that
Smyth had drawn a worthless check on
the Columbian Bank for $15. Scott be
came convinced to-night that Coughran
had made of him a tool with which to
vent spite on an enemy, and had the case
dismissed after Mrs. Smyth had paid the
amount of the check before the warrant
could be served.
"In the guise of a friend this man
Coughran has been secretly hounding my
husband for months," said Mrs. Smyth
this evening. "He Is the correspondent for
an evening paper and has used its col
umns to grind his ax in a shameful man
ner. Coughran swore a short time ag >
he had served papers on me that were
never served, and after consulting with
my husband to-morrow. I intend to have
him arrested on a charge of perjury."
FOUR PERSONS KILLED
BY TRAINS COLLIDING
Accident on tne Rock Island Route
Was Due to a Misunderstand
ing of Orders.
OXFORD. lowa. Sept. 12.— Four men
were killed and two injured in a head
on collision which took place to-day two
and one-half miles east of here. The
dead:
ENGINEER T. QriNN"
FIREMAN A. H. POLSOX.
Son of A. D. Smith. lowa City.
Colored man. not identified.
The injured: Conductor P. C. Brien,
slightly; Simon Pierce, seriously.
The trains belonging to the Rock Island
system were extra freights and it is said
the accident was due to a misunderstand
ing of orders.
THE EMPORIUM.
PIEIMPpRIUM I
fr r Coldenßale Bazaar. i?
> CAUFQRni/is Americas cratidest *
i Opening Days Continued |
I Millinery, Cloaks, Suits, Furs, I
I Dressmaking. %
*.-.;.". . '• *
* - " *
j — !
I Table Damask Sale. |
I Remnants at One-Quarier Off J
j Their Already Reduced Prices. j
► For this day only we offer an : accumulation of about 150 remnants ♦
of Table Damasks and Table Cloths of which the napkins to *
t match have been sold. The lot consists principally of bleached ♦
* high-class goods — from 1* to 3h yards. *
I ;
> Ladies 35c La<iies ' import- Boys' For this da y on '? w - p Jace *
» HOSe, 13 Cm black extra heavy TCCkS, ISCj on sac 75 d> J
» nOSe, lif Cm biack exm heavr f €CKS, HJCj zen handsome ]
J Li-ie thread Hose, high-spiked heels and new Te:k 2,
? double toes, regularly 35c per pair — 'or Scarfs for boy 3 <g^^^jjrsgft
? this day only lOC — they are V^^^*^^^ *
p, lAbzvt Hjse per do?tn, $2.25. made from the 1. <•
£ _ ~ silks use-1 for lHvP''*^"!/^
& LadieS ! .en's 50c I^^ **
I Handkerchiefs, 6c. £ k ™ r ] °£ igf |
► For this day only an im ortaat sale of — ever y tie is o£s&h li^L ♦
J 150 dozen Lidies' Sheer Liw.i Handker- ■ styiish and M^l'^^S'^ l^ 3
* c i-'f-<, with double hemstitching and ', brand new, di- Bc&^&^l^ ♦
? Valenciennes edging, .an exceptional rect from one cn&limlllwafV^ <*
value at 10c each — Wednesday's price... iof the most N¥^V^^^ r -H *
IV 60 noted of New *<£^l Wf&^Sin *
* _ ~ 7" , • T V, York makers JO^fC'Q^ ♦
B» Hl#reaif Burean Sc3rf \ m i r;sh of men's neck- GfflW>& *
I S»aß*f<s /l/in pomt / a' wear, and are '^1 t£^ J
* &~ariS, WCt up-to-date dv worth fu , y3 sc V*^ j
J signs, neat rouble border, openwork. to 40c eJ ch-t'ie special price /flo J
■• also square and round pieces, an accu- ' J
? ma ation of scsrfs, ranging in va'ues V
? Irom 60: to 70c each— on special sa'ej «
j th s day only at 44c Groceries - Liquors ;
k Boys $2 ~> Wednesday and Thursday Only. +
t ShoeS, ll^^f Corn— Morning Beauty Sugar Corn. J
5" £» -9 7 i/ o'^0 '^ / regular 10c can — for oC
► H „ „.._., /°. : I Asparagus— Hickmott's Best, re.-v- ♦
► T Bo - V 3 Biac-c-ViciKil J° 1 isr:y 25c can— for 20C *
%. Lace Shoes, new opera ,#jKlvt| _/!*».« r. hu jt <"
3. toes and tips, sewed j|?W / Cof/ee-Emponu-n Mocha and Java J
► soles, a neat 47° 11/ >f the b?BC that grows, regularly 3r>e ♦
I and durable Z^* A/ " f ° r 30 ° *
\ shoe, siz?s >^ /^ Kentucky Bcurbon~The big ♦
12 to sj<, ■/^^o\ _^^ store cffes for two days on y, if quan- *
? sold regular'- %s^s^^^^ tity lists that long, f OO bottles (full *
\ ly at '$2 pair quarts) fine Kentucky Bourbon at. 65a *
Ik — specially priced for Wednesday 0n1y... [Only 2 bcttles to a customer.) +
► $1*37 Holland Gin— Fine?t quality mi- «
? - m . __. ,n ' porte:. full quarts, regularly 31.40 — ♦
I Kirk's Fine Soaps, for th* two days : $1.15 J
> 3 Cakes for 14c. «
? Kirk's fine Toilet Soaps that sell regu- 2,
y larly for 25: a box. fine milled and nicely Acst^iiSn B 9 °^ er to-d<?y «
j, fcented, such brands as "White Pa ace." . ■*• "^ Cttf 9S 1^ i! "Arc
%, "Cocoa Butter" and "Southern Bouquet" LafflUS, <9f*oO« Light" Bi- «
► — on spec al sal? for thi day only.- cycle A:ety- ggaa <•
► box of 3 cakes for 14c lens Gas Jp? k|^^ i ♦
f ~ Lamps, de- —^fl-fe?\
? T aitCSt pa ' r3 °^ Tapes- signed and tVl if^3ff^l\ X
► Portieres, SS.W.Z &s£sZ fti^^W f
5, tiere?, 34 inches wide, 3 yards long, for ciple?, abso- ofS^^^^^^^i ♦
y double and single doors and couch <ov . lutely non-ex- jj^~ 2h ♦
er . fn any of tie* 3 seven co ors: red, losive. they '^_i^»
S o.ive, green, pink, terra cotta, blue or tarn steadily and are easily regulated, ♦
► dark blue — go on special sale, for thsj regular price $2.00 — for this day *
£ day only, p;r pair $f.lB only $1.35 *
t Babbitt's Soap— for 2 days, 29 bars $1 t
,A£A«iAA4444*4444**444 44A44i4ii^dA4A4A44444-x
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
A NIGHT OF LAUGHTER.
—ALL THE WEEK—
Yon Suppe's: Delightful Comic Opera,
"FATINITZA."
NEXT WEEK— Offenbach's Famous Comic
Opera, "THE DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER. "
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
10c. 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday), Sept. 13.
> Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chll-
i Bren. Me, any part.
BACHELOR CLUB. WHITE AND HARRIS
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN
BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
MONTR ELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
ARNOLD GRAZIER AND LA PETITE
HAZEL.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE TRIUMPH OF THE
GRANJ OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT' TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT!
"LOHENGRIN,"
"Lohengrin" Repeated Friday, Saturday Even-
ings.
The Superb Presentation of
"OTHELLO."
Thursday, Sunday Evenings and Saturday;
Matinee.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
OLYMPIA.
Eddy Street. Corner Mason.
The only free vaudeville show in the city.
Grotesque and amusing.
CIRDELIER BROS.
Most daring act in the world.
He's a hit and hits hard.
ED NOLAN,
The man with the musical brogue.
Popular as ever.
.ZOM. /V\MT-T Hl£\A/S.
Has a new rag-time serenade.
THE KEESINGS, DOLI.IE MITCHELL and
a whole bunch of hits.
Matinee every Sunday. ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
THE EMPORIUM.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR?™
I ...ONLY FIVE MORE NIGHTS...
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Best Drama in Years,
THE WAGES
OF SIN.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 59c.
NEXT WEEK-THEN YOU LAUGH.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.'
Gilette's Comedy Triumph.
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
IN THE FISH EXHIBIT ARE THE THREB
LARGEST STRIPED BASS EVER IN
CAPTIVITY.
The ART EXHIBIT Is Complete and a Very
Fine Collection of Treasures.
THE MUSIC, with MISS RAYMOND as Solo-
ist. Will Charm the Most Fastidious.
The elegant car HERMOSA makes a very
fine display.
CONCEPTS AND &ESOBTS.
CHUTES_AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE T ffiB3§jj B HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW. AMATEUR NIGHT.
FAT LADIES' TUG OF WAR and First Tim*
of HARMON AND SEABURY. the
World's Champion Hlg-h Divers.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
6UTKO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, Sc.
Bathing, including admission. 25: Children. 20c.
mm call
$1 per Year.
Enlarged to 16 Pages
56
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 13, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. * ,
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL R00M5..... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER "WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday Call), 6 m0nth5........ 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Co»l), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «3o
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.00
WEEKLY CALL One Year ; 1 « O0
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. " •
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENTS
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NE-W*> STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Undo* Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
•I. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open untlj
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock..
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C Market
Etreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- lO9<
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh;
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner .Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Lohengrin."
Alcazar— "The Wages of Sin."
Grand Op«*ra-housc— "Fatinitza."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla. corner Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
tutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
l.ih'.t.
THE ANTI-TRUST CONVENTION.
GOVERNOR SAVERS of Texas, who issued
the invitation to the Governors and Attorneys j
General of the various States and Territories
to attend a convention in St. Louis for the purpose
of devising uniform legislation for the suppression of
trusts, is reported to be well pleased with the sup
port given to the movement. If such be the case the
Governor is easily pleased, for while the invitation
was sent out months ago and the time for holding
the 'convention is drawing near, the Governors of but
eleven States besides his own, and but seven Attorneys
General,' have promised to attend. It is true that ten
other Governors have expressed a willingness to be
present it their duties permit, but such expressions
are hardly more than polite methods of declining the
invitation. The convention therefore will fall a long
way short of representing all the States of the Union.
It is notable, moreover, that the Governors who
have promised to attend are nearly all of them
Democrats. The only Republicans of note among j
them are Pingree of Michigan and Tanner of Illinois, j
and neither of these is a representative of genuine
Republicanism. Pingree is something of a political
freak, having almost as many vagaries as a Popu- j
list and being a confirmed believer in many of the
doctrines of state socialism. Tanner is not much (
wiser, and certainly does not represent the conser
vative common sense of his State or of his party.
When the convention assembles it will find itself j
handicapped at the start, for the Governors and At- j
torneys General of twelve States and one or two
Territories cannot take action or adopt any policy <
that will be binding upon all the States. The meet- !
ing will hardly do more than give utterance to the
vague discontents existing among a considerable j
portion of the people concerning trusts. It may pos- :
sibly adopt a set of very strongly worded resolutions,
hut strong words will not stop the organization of
trusts nor even lead to any comprehensive legislation |
against them.
The futility of the proposed convention is inevit- '
a' -2 because of the lack at this time of sufficient ex
perience with trusts to determine wherein they are
good and wherein they are harmful. Until the true j
nature and the full, extent of the problems are known j
it will not be possible to determine even whether such
evils as exist can be best remedied by State legisla- :
tion or by action of the National Government.
At the recent meeting of the American Bar Asso
ciation Edward Q. Keasbey read a paper on "New !
Jersey and the Great Corporations," in the course of j
which he dealt with some of the evils of the huge .
trusts and combinations which have been lately in- !
corporated in that State. He pointed out that be- I
tween January I and August i of this year there have
been organized in New Jersey alone 1,336 corpora- j
tions having an authorized capital of over two thou- |
sand millions of dollars. After giving a strong ,
presentation of the evil of such combinations, many i
of which arc hardly more than huge gambling !
schemes, Mr. Keasbey virtually admitted that he did i
not know how the evil could be remedied.
The issue is one that must be dealt with in the near
future, but no safe guidance can be expected from an
anti-trust convention called by men who are preju- I
diced at the start and who meet with the avowed ob- j
ject of suppressing trusts altogether. From the Civic '
Federation Conference on the subject, to be held in j
Chicago, much good may be expected, but from the I
St. Louis meeting of a few Governors, most of whom i
are hardly more' than second rate politicians, it is i
not likely that anything will result of benefit to the i
country.
The massacre of the French mission by the savage j
African tribe of Tuaregs is rather convincing cvi- ■
dence that it takes more than a scratch of a pen now- !
adays for even the great powers to convert reluctant i
people to their way of thinking. The Tuaregs be- |
lieve, even if they are savage, that they have one or I
two privileges left.
«
It was entirely unnecessary for the New York cor
respondent that sent out the dispatch announcing the
loss of Lieutenant Peary's toes to add that the ex
plorer intended to proceed on a new basis.
Four hay cutters held up a train the other day in
Arizona. They are likely now to change their oc
cupation to hemp stretchers.
School Director Kemp admits that he ought to be
kicked. There is not a doubt about — and not for
his honesty, either. ,
THE SAW FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
AN ISSUE OF FACT.
WE recently admonished the Portland Oregonian
that it was wronging itself by imagining vain
things about the Philippine situation. It is a
J very able paper and is not under the necessity of
! doing things in a sm^ll way. It chooses to advocate
imperialism and to submit reasons for our Philippine
policy which have no existence in fact, and to argue
from them as its premise.
Replying, that able paper says that The Call said:
i "The Filipinos had already conquered all of Luzon
! outside of Manila when the Americans appeared.
1 This, even if true, would be no answer to the Ore
| gonian's statement. Bandits, indeed, were largely in
control of the country outside Manila; but Aguin
j aldo, aware that national independence was hope
less, had sold out to the Spaniards for a heavy sum
and left the country, and Spain was increasing her
preparations to crush the bandits when the Americans
appeared."
We must again admonish the Oregonian that mis
icpresentation of what The Call said is an impro
priety that requires an apology, that a gen"r;.l
misrepresentation of the facts is a wrong policy,
which it should not pursue. We did not say that the
Filipinos hjid conquered Luzon outside of Manila
when the American? appeared. The facts, as we
stated them, arc historical, and we quoted one of
' Devvey's officers in their support.
The Filipino insurrection against Spain was ter
minated by a solemn treaty, in which Spain agreed to
ray an indemnity to Aguinaldq of $800,000 and to in
stitute the reforms in administration which the na
tives demanded. In his report to the State Depart
ment our Consul. Wildman, at Hongkong, says:
"There has been a systematic attempt to blacken the
name of Aguinaldo and his Cabinet on account of
the terms of their surrender to the Spanish. It has
been said that they sold their country for gold, but
this is conclusively disproved, not only by their own
1 statements but by the speech of the latt Governor
; General Rivera, in the Spanish Senate, Tune v, 1808.
He said that Aguinaldo undertook to submit if the
Spanish Government would give a certain sum to the
i widows and orphans of the insurgents. Rivera then
admits that only a part of the sum was given to
Aguinaldo, and that he (Rivera) did not find it ex
pedient to keep the other promises made."
Artacho, a follower of Aguinaldo, desired to divide
this money between the native leaders, but it is in
evidence that Aguinaldo refused, saying it was a trust
fund for his country and should be used to renew the
1 insurrection if Spain failed to keep the treaty and
institute the reforms which it promised. She did
fail, as Rivera admitted. The moment armed resis
tance ceased she violated her solemn promise.
Wildman's report continues that he opened nego
tiations with Aguinaldo's Cabinet after consultation
with Admiral Dewey, and that Aguinaldo was in
Singapore, where Consul Pratt was negotiating with
! Admiral Dewey for his return to Luzon. Wildman
i-ent him to Cavite on the McCulloch May 16. 189 S.
Wildman then says: "Immediately on the arrival of
Aguinaldo at Cavite he issued a proclamation, which
I had outlined for him before he left, forbidding pil
lage and making it a criminal offense to maltreat
■ neutrals. He of course organized a government of
which, he .was dictator, an absolutely necessary step if
he hoped to maintain control over the natives, and
from that date until the present time he has been
uninterruptedly successful in the field and dignified
and just at the head of his government. The insur
gents are fighting from freedom from Spanish rule
and rely on the well known sense of justice that con
trols all the actions of our Government as to their
future."
Following events in their chronological order, our
next witness is that ardent imperialist, ex-Minister
John Barrett, appointed to Siam from Oregon. In
I an address at Shanghai, China, last January, Mr. Bar
rett said: "I saw Aguinaldo put aboard a United
States dispatch boat in Hongkong harbor last May,
: by permission of Admiral Dewey and Consul General
i Wildman, for the direct purpose of going to Cavite
\ to organize an army and a temporary government to
; make war on the Spaniards in co-operation with the
i American forces. lie has organized an army out of
■ nothing, which he has developed into a force of 30,000
' men, armed with modern rifles.' He captured all
1 Spanish garrisons on the island of Luzon outside of
Manila, so that when the Americans were ready to
I proceed against the city they were not delayed and
: troubled with a country campaign. Moreover, he has
organized a government which has practically been
: administering the affairs of that great island since
1 the American occupation of Manila, which was cer
; tainly better than the former (Spanish) administra
tion."
One of Dewey's officers, writing from Iloilo, says:
"Aguinaldo reached Cavite May 20. 1808, at which
! time there was no evidence, that we knew of, of x
; native organization. He created an army in a short
[time and immediately commenced to win victories.
j These were to us at the time astonishing, for he de
feated detachment after detachment of the Spanish.
• army, took fort after fort, captured regiments with
i arms and ammunition, and in a few months had cap
j tured every Spanish soldier in the island of Luzon
jor had driven those not captured into Manila. Time
and again I have witnessed whole battalions of Span
' ish soldiers marched as prisoners into San Roquc.
Before August 13. 1808, these insurgents had actually
; captured the whole of Luzon, except Manila and
I Cavite. After taking all of Luzon, with the excep-
I tions named, they conquered the Spanish in the isl
ands of Negros and Cebu, and before we reached Iloilo
I they had this city and the whole island of Panay on
j which it is situated. Besides these there are hundreds
of smaller islands which are under the authority of
Aguinaldo's government at Malolos. More remark
: able to me than Aguinaldo's military actions has been
; the civil organization which he has perfected through
j out these islands, which now governs and rules them
' except in Manila nnd Cavite."
These, in their order, are the facts of history. We
i have named our witnesses and given their testimony.
I From it the fact is incontestably establ'-'hed that
Aguinaldo did not "sell out" to Spain; tha. .iis peo
! pie were not bandits; that he held $400,000 in trust
for his countrymen; that Spain violated her treaty
with him; that Consul Pratt went to seek him in
j Singapore, and. after negotiating with Wildman and
< Dewey. arranged for him to turn back to Cavite; that
Wildman wrote his proclamation by which his gov
! eminent was established and his army raised to co-
I operate against Spain with ours: that "the direct
J purpose" of his return, as arranged with Dewey and
the Consuls, was the organization of the government
which he formed, and that he, with his army, cap
tured, conquered and possessed the four islands of
Luzon, Cebu, Negros and Panay. except Manila and
Cavite, and that the surrender of Spanish sovereignty
over them was to him and not to us, and that under
the laws of nations and the laws of war his govern
ment and not Spain was the sovereign power there
when we bought his people of Spain for two dollars
a head. Yet, the Oregonian says: "In fighting qual
ity and all other qualities they (the Filipinos) are far
below our original North American Indians." But
i Consul General Wildman says officially: "In con
clusion I wish to put myself on record as stating that
the insurgent government of the Philippine Islands
cannot be dealt with as though they were North
American Indians willing to be removed from one
reservation to another at the whim of their masters.
Now will the Oregonian please to call its witnesses
and quote their testimony?
If there is anything in the Dreyfus case that
reaches the sublime it is perhaps the absurdity of
suggesting a boycott upon the Paris Exposition by
the Congress of the United States. While certain
Congressmen by breeding and education have the
unqualified right of making themselves ridiculous,
they should show some toleration for their fellows.
A CHANGE IN RURAL NEW ENGLAND.
SOME years ago the abandoned farms of New
England constituted a topic which engaged the
attention of the whole country. The number
of idle farms was so large in some localities that sev
eral States went to the expense of advertising them
at public cost lor the purpose of attracting settlers
and preventing what threatened to be a widespread
decay of the rural industries of that section of the
Union.
The advertising given to the lands has had its effect
and most of them have been taken up. There are no
longer any great bargains to be had in the way of
abandoned farms, and, according to a late report on
the subject, "One may travel far through even the
remote sections of New England without finding any
large number of farms that may properly be called
deserted. * * * In one way or another the list of
abandoned farms has been greatly reduced, until in
many sections the number is not greater than would
be expected under normal conditions."
The change has not been brought about, however,
by the reoccupation of the farms by a class of genuine
farmers, nor even by people retiring from the cities to
undertake farm work. We are told some have been
bought by wealthy and fashionable people and turned
into more or less elaborate summer places. Others
have been taken up by professional men of limited
means, drawn by the prospect of obtaining a vacation
home at small expense. A good many have passed
into the hands of owners of adjoining property, who
have at last come to see that, other things being equal,
a large farm is likely to be more profitable than a
small one. Some have been acquired for the timber
they bear, and a few have been bought for speculation.
The use of the farms for summer resorts, hunting
grounds, forest reserves and speculation does not on
the face of it give much promise of upbuilding the
mrual industries of a country, but it appears, never
theless, to have had that effect. The persons who have
purchased the farms have had money enough to im
prove them, and therefore have given the neighbor
hood an appearance of thrift and prosperity which has
had the effect of stimulating the residents to improve
their farms also. Moreover, a more scientific system
of farming has been introduced by the new comers,
and the old-fashioned farmers have profited by it.
Labor-saving machinery, scientific tillage, has become
the order of the day, and the value of stock and
orchards has advanced.
Along with all that there lias been a marked change
in the social conditions of rural New England. The
farms are passing into the hands of men who instead
of tilling the soil themselves hire others to do the
work. Thus the rate of fatfn wages is rising, and the
old-fashioned farmer finds it harder than ever to make
a living. Summing up the whole situation, a writer
for the New York Post says: "That the process will
eventually give us a type of alternating town and
country life, akin to that prevailing in England, is by
no means improbable, if, indeed, such a type is not
already established. The resident farmer, on the other
hand, has but two courses open to him if he wishes to
be assured a comfortable living. He may accept the
new conditions, and become himself a landed pro
prietor and agricultural entrepreneur on the new
scale, or he may resign his independence and become
a hired man. For there is going on quietly, in our
day, a social and industrial change likely, before many
years, to give the development of the farms of New-
England into the charge of men who themselves never
swung a scythe or held a plow."
OUR MINERAL PRODUCTION.
OWING to the great variety in the units of
measurement, says the official summary
of the mineral production of the United
States for 1898, the only factor common to all min
eral products and the only means by which the com
parative totals can be expressed is the value.
Taking that common measurement, the statistics
show that since 1880 the increase in the mineral pro
duction of the United States has been from an. output
valued at $369,319,000 to one valued at $697,880,002 in
1898, or nearly 90 per cent.
It is noted that the increase has been very irregu
lar. The average during the nineteen years under
J review has been an increase of $18,000,000 annually,
but from 1894 to 1895 the increase was nearly $100,
--000.000, while in the following year it was but little
more than $1,000,000. In the two years from 1892 to
1894 there was a decrease of over $121,000,000. From
1896 to 1897 the increase was about $8,000,000, while
from 1897 to 1808 it was $66,970,534. The output
of 1898 was the largest in our history, exceeding that
of 1892, the next largest, by nearly $50,000,000.
All the metals made large gains except nickel.
Copper, lead, zinc, aluminum and antimony reached
their maximum both in quantity and in value, but it is
notable that while the amount of pigiron produced
in' 1898 was greater than in any other year, yet the
value of the product was considerably less than in
1890 or 1892, though it increased $21,434,701 over the
value of the output of 1897.
The non-metallic products increased during the
year from $327,710,066 to $352,783,872, a gain of $25,
--072,906. The largest contributor to the gain was
bituminous coal, which increased from $119,567,224 in
1897 to $132,586,313 in 1898. The value of the out
i put of anthracite coal, on the 0 *ier hand, fell off
nearly $4,000,000. The other non-metallic products
showing important gains were stone, petroleum, nat
ural gas and mineral writers.
In the summary given of the output and value of
the precious metals it is noted the gold product con
tinued to increase, and in 1898 was valued at $64,463,
--000, as compared with $57,363,000 in 1897. In 1896
it was $53,088,000. The coining value of the silver
product in 189S was $70,384,485, while the commercial
value was but $32,118,420. In 1897 the coining value
was $60,637,172 and the commercial value $32,316,000.
This is an increase for the year of $747,313 in the
coining value and a decrease of $197,580 in the com
mercial value. The quantity of the production in
creased from 53,860,000 ounces in 1897 to 54.438.000
ounces in 1898. In 1806 the product was 58,834,800
ounces.
A cablegram from Marseilles contains the informa
tion that extensive fires are raging in that vicinity, at
least ten miles of forest being ablaze. If there is any
country on earth that seems just now to need puri
fication by fire it is France.
/"AIM Dl 1771 f a new trick.
COIN PUZZLI: try n.
BP^lgfil l| j [|||ip|| Ijjj! (Pf^
I*l ii'itil' I * 5 vi li i ill : '''I i C\ I'! 1 ! '« Vlilifl/i V■ I <k. ■I *
v mvT E m ill V /Jm I 'mi ■ * ni »* /!«'!i ill:! iiii'a fV mt * /i : 'I 1 i r^ip ivnr^
Iv ffpili ifWllS i iffil .^
magaK i| |jp| W I, Illti "IP" I ! SSS
1/ m ■ lt'|! i' ,r^>ll i imlii iifi I / xl ill li; li i illr 'I i'\ f 'C
« * I fe] Hi | hfioll h||iu4) ' ; - &
* 1 1 I 7' I! § iifi I 1 fl l '• ni Mf 'i'i [15 lflt' | il' "
CP^T lij W_-d ill I' lW>^r 111 li' itl'V < /' l "! i !'' i ' 1 1 CFINTS
Ik " liWulifiiV fr-1! IISMIf'JM ill Mijlpl v J
I 1 ill iTs'l!! |i li( 12 I i. -I 1 1; 16 1) i III 1
|CEI\T I; fVfflO I; iterVrtf In '(M !j V CENTS
HERE is a coin-moving problem which can be introduced at any gathering
you may attend. A piece of paper with twenty squares marked on it will
do, care being taken to have the heavy marks in the right place. The idea
Is to get the nickels over to the penny side and the pennies to the nickel
side in the fewest moves possible.
Each move forwards two coins of the same kind, but each coin must move but
one space. The barriers, indicated by the heavy lines, cannot be crossed. Start
at either side. The numbers are used to define the spaces. As there are so many
ways of starting and moving, it will not be necessary to explain how your result
was reached. There is, however, a lower limit than some will discover.
UNHAPPY WIVES SEEK
FREEDOM IN DIVORCE
LYMAN I. MOWRY IS CHARGED
WITH CRUELTY.
Mrs. Emma Stierlen Accuses Her
Husband of Unfaithfulness and
Names Rose Scott as Co-
Respondent.
Elizabeth R. Mowry filed suit yesterday
against her husband, Lyraan I. Mowry,
the well-known attorney, for a divorce.
Cruelty la alleged as ground of action.
In her complaint Mrs. Mowry states
that she married her husband November
2, 18S7. As specific instances of cruelty
she alleges that notwithstanding that
she is a singer and has a tender
throat her husband insisted on smok
ing in the house. WVille they were
living at 316 Haight street, at 1719 Oak
and at the Berkshire, she says, he fre
quently remained out late at night, and
when expostulated with would use un
seemly epithets and threaten to kick
down the door. Her suffering was all
mental, she. admits, but sufficient to war
rant her a decree as prayed for.
Mrs. Emma Stierlen, the wife of George
Stterlen, a capitalist well known in this
city and Los Angeles, also filed suit
against her husband for divorce. She
alleges desertion and infidelity, naming
Rose Scott of Los Angeles as co
j respondent. Mrs. Stierlen alleges that her
husband is now living with Rose Scott
! and refuses to give any attention to her
pleas for aid. Hence she asks for a divi
sion of the community property, valued
at about ?50,000, and for $250 a month ali
mony.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
AMUSEMENT
IN VARIETY AT
THE ORPHEUM
SINCE the advent of the American
Biograph at the Orpheum about
everybody stays to the end of the
programme, and they all feel glad
they do at the finish. If any particular
subject happens to be dull it is forgotten
in the interest of the others. The pic
tures seem to be the outcome of keen ob
servation and well chosen opportunity.
The attention of the most unappreciative
every-day mind is closely held and re
warded.
Of the new people. White and Harris,
the singing and dancing duo, were par
ticularly interesting to me up to a cer
tain point. The young woman sings
"My Ann Eliza" with such a rush of
spirits and dances with an abandon and
exuberance that leaves me Quite minus a
descriptive adjective. I never saw the
like. She reappears after her first exit
gowned like an inverted French poppy,
is never still a moment and never out of
breath. The other member of the team
puts in a few "falls" with her sixteen
summt-rs to the infinite amusement of the
onlooker, and does other rational things
very cleverly. T'ntil they begin their
burlesque acrobatic work they are ex
cellent. After that their act is just a lit
tle silly, but the orchestra plays so in
cessantly and steadily that you can't
think and you don't realize it until later.
It is like having a tooth extracted with
out pain. "Is he good afterwards?" said
young America at my right when Charley
Case was singing his first song. It was a
brutal question, but since he was— and
very good— it doesn't matter. He has a
little patent for humor all his own— an
after explanation of facts in themselves
simple and without interest. It takes a
deal of quiet thought to make such
things effective, and I don't believe he
has many idle hours. His song about
the press being represented everywhere
might be added to Indefinitely without
danger of wearying.
I wonder if Montrell ever handles
things rationally. I should hate to invite
him to dinner. He might take a notion to
juggle with the glassware and small
plates, and it would be an awful example
fo.r the. children. His spinning firebrands
are more beautiful at second view than
at first and his apparent lack of clever
intention half the battle of his success. It
seems a fitting close to tlie little chil
dren's engagement that they should sing
"Dinah." San Francisco first fell in love
with Arnold at the Tivoli in just that
song and Hazel makes a most effective
Dinah. They are both such. fresh looking
stage children. They seem to have just
wandered out from the cool and quiet of
a nursery and they both look thoroughly
happy. The Crawford sisters are quite
picturesque enough to be interesting, but
they have hardly force or experience
enough to be convincing and they should
not do coon songs. Coon songs are not
for all people. Their jockey dance was
very graceful and very clever and with
singular discretion they put it last, leav
ing a pleasant impression upon the audi
ence. The boys' band plays better this
week than last. Suppe's "Light Cavalry"
and the Strauss waltzes won well-deserv
ed encores. "The Bachelor Club Quartet"
finds favor chiefly through their songs.
They seem to me sort of prophets of a
new day. If some one will take their idea
and build upon it, he will make one of the
very best vaudeville attractions of the
future and find the amusement lover hun
gry for novelty rising up to call him
blessed. Finally, if I could not go to the
Orpheum once a week I should be much
hipped and out of humor.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
SINGULAR CHANGE IN
NATIONAL GUARD LAW
NOVEL INTERPRETATION OS
THE WORD "CONSECUTIVE."
; To Be Out Ninety Bays Is to Be Con
sidered Faithful Consecutive
Service — Resignation Ac
cepted.
General orders No. 8, issued a short time I
since from superior headquarters, of |
which the following is an extract, have i
been the subject of considerable comment
in National Guard circles:
Former members of the National Guard who
have been honorably discharged for "expira- ]
tion of term of service" or on account of |
"removal" and have returned to the limits |
of their commands, and officers who have re
signed, been honorably discharged, or whose I
terms have expired, who re-enlist or re-enter
the guard within ninety days of the date of
their discharge or the expiration of the term
I of office, will be given credit for continuous
| service and the enlistment will be considered
consecutive.
This is an amendment of paragraph 360 [
of "The Rules and Regulations" govern
ing *he National Guard of this State.
Section 1941 of the Political Code says:
The commander In chief is authorized and j
< has power to establish and prescribe such I
rules and regulations, forms and precedents
! not inconsistent with the provisions of the
codes, as he may deem proper for the use,
government and instruction of the National
Guard, and to carry Into full effect the pro- !
visions of the codes relative thereto.
In section 1936 of the same code the- - e
is:
All officers, non-commlssloned officers and |
privates who have faithfully served in the (
| military service of this State for the -space I
' of seven consecutive years, and received the
: certificate of the adjutant general certif'-ing |
the same, are thereafter exempted from further
military and Jury duty except In time of v.-..r.
According to the code it must appear ;
' that there has been seven consecutive i
| years of faithful service before an officer, I
j non-commissioned officer or a private can [
> obtain a certificate of exemption. All tlu>
i authorities agree as to the meaning of !
! the word "consecutive," and the deflni- i
! tloris of that word are: "Following in a |
; train, succeeding one another in regular
order, successive, uninterrupted in course
or succession." The amendment places a
new construction on the word by saying ;
that a break of ninety days, during which
period the individual is in no way con
nected with the guard, is "continuous ser- j
vice," providing, of course, that at any <
time within those ninety days the honora- I
bly discharged individual shall re-enlist or j
n-.-entt-r the guard.
It is claimed that if there is authority j
to grant a leave of ninety days the tims i
can be extended to years. A man once dis
charged from the service of the State sev- ;
ers his connection therewith absolutely j
and the force of this is recognized in gen
eral orders. In which is:
"A man once discharged from the Na- \
tional Guard can become a member again
oniy by enlistment or commission as pro- j
\ :dad by law."
Certain rewards or privileges are often
allow* d in the United States army for re- :
enluiment, but whatever they are Is dis
tinctly stated in the law governing the ac- !
tion. 'such as section 12SU of the Revised j
Statutes of the United States, and other
sections, but there is nothing in the law '
governing the National Guard of Califor- j
n'a that gives power to any one to de- !
clare that any honorably discharged sol
flier who has been out of the guard for ■
ninety days may on the last day of that j
period re-enlist in or re-enter the guard '
and be given credit for continuous service
! from the date of his discharge.
I The purpose of this change is not under- ;
stood, unless it is to give any individual, I
who leels so inclined, an opportunity to !
serve, two or three days after enlistment, :
"remove" and be honorably discharged, j
| and then at the end of ninety days re-en- |
list, "remove" and continue re-enlisting i
and 'removing" until he has served "sev- '
en consecutive years faithfully" and
obtain his certificate of exemption with
out doing any military duty.
Brigadier-General Warfield has been
franted leave of absence for forty-five !
ays, with permission to absent himself |
from the State.
The new bids for new uniforms for tiie '
guard will be opened on the 7th of Octo
ber.
The resignation of Lieutenant W. C.
Bean of Company F of the Fifth Infantry
has been accepted.
An election has been called for in Com
?any F of the Fifth, vice First Lieutenant
1. W. Cobbledick, term expired.
Captain J. B. Dixon of C and Captain
V. J. B. Cheda of D, Fifth Infantry, have :
qualified and their bonds accepted.
Lieutenant-Colonel J. G. Gelsting has i
fone East, and Colonel Whitton of the j
Mfth. being the senior officer of the Sec
j ond Brigade, is in command.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SHERMAN AND GRANT— C. F. S.,
City. The Sherman is a larger vessel than
the Grant as to length and tonnage. The
Grant is a little broader than the Sher
man.
NEVADA— Subscriber, City. Nevada
was originally a part of Mexico and was
eerled to the United States by the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, in 1848. It was or
ganized as a separate Territory in 1861
and was admitted as a State of the Union'
October 31, 1864, by the President's proc
lamation, in accordance with an act of
Congress.
LIEU LAND— J. M. V., Genessee, Cal.
The State is entitled to all the land em
braced within the sixteenth and thirty
sixth sections within its limits. As very
many of these were found to be within
Spanish or Mexican grants which had
been confirmed and were appropriated by
the giantees or their assigns the State has
authorized locations to be made upon
other public lands in lieu of the lands in
the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections.
TAHICMIPI-W., Ornbaun, Cal. This
department has not been able after an
extensive research to discover any reason
for the change of name of the town in
Kern County from Tahichlpi, the original
Indian name, which means "valley of the
oaks," to Tehachapi. Prior to the rail
road accident, which happened near that
point many years ago, the original name
prevailed, and it was so down in the
guide as the Postofflce name, but after
that accident the name appeared in the
papers as "Tehachapi," and that spelling
has been folio-wed ever since, it even ap
pearing so in the Postal Guide. In the
gazetteers, latest issue, the name is given
as "Tahichipi" or "Tehachapi." If any or
the readers of this department can fur
nish an explanation for the change, tne
same will be published.
PRESS COMMENTS
"Yellow Journalism" of the Journal.
New York Herald.
PARIS, Sept. 2, 1899.
To th« Editor of the Herald: The letter
published in the New York Journal of
August 13 was never written, dictated or
signed by me. HTACIJJTHE
(Pere Hyaclnthe).
It was unlikely that the great French
preacher would ever see a copy of the
Journal in which the alleged communica
tion from him was printed in big type,
with flaring headlines.
But the unexpected happened. Some
friend perhaps mailed him a copy. In
some way it was brought to his notice,
and in an outburst of indignation he wrote
the above note embodied in a special cable
dispatch from Paris to this morning's
Herald.
Recently the journal against which
Pere Hyacinthe now complains published
what purported to be a dispatch from the
eminent Parisian journalist. Francis de
Pressensc. When this gentleman's atten
tion was called to it he publicly, through
the columns of the Aurore, denounced It
as a forgery.
It is quite unnecessary to make any
comment on such facts. They speak for
themselves.
■ ♦ ■
Women Who Lead in Philanthropy
Sacramento Bee.
Among the Abou Ben Adhems that have
arisen among 1 the women in this country
surely Mrs. Leland Stanford and Mrs.
Phebe Heaxst lead all the rest. In ster
ling philanthropy — that philanthropy
which does good with money while the
philanthropist is alive, and does not
hoard all the treasures until death, scat
tering them when the philanthropist could
not possibly do anything else— it is doubt
ful if the modern world has seen any
better examples than those furnished by
these two women of California.
What Mrs. Stanford has done at the Le
land Stanford Jr. University has been
rivaled by the magnificence of the dona
tion given by Mrs. Phebe Hearst to the
State University.
Together or separately these women
furnish shining examples of a philan
thropy which is the wonder and tne
admiration of the entire civilized world
to-day.
Klondike Gold Output.
Under date of April 29, 1899, Consul
Brush of Clifton says: "An authority
whose estimates have heretofore prov
ed conservative brings word from
Dawson that the wash-up from the
Yukon this year will aggregate $19,
--000,000, apportioned as follows: Eldo
rado, $2,500,000; Bonanza, $2,500,000;
French Hill, $1,500,000; Gold Hill,
$1,500,000; Big Skukum, $1,000,000; Lit
tle Skukum, $1,000,000; Dominion, $4,
--000,000; Hunker and Quartz, $5,000,
--000; total, $19,000,000. These figures
leave out of consideration a number of
important locations, including Sulphur
Creek, Stewart River, Upper Klon
dike and Scroggie Creek."
The Farmers' Vote on the War.
New Whatcom Blade
Farm journals taking votes among
their subscribers in every 3tate in the
Union prove that the Declaration of In
dependence still lives in the United
States. Of all the returns we have seen
quoted the average is at least two to
one in favor of granting independence to
the Filipinos.
■ ♦ ■
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. R. de Lamar of New York Is a guest
at the Palace.
W. H. McKenzie, the Fresno banker, is
a guest at the Lick.
G. W. Towle, capitalist and large land
owner, is a guest at the Grand.
Charles Edde, a leading citizen of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
John Lee, a wealthy resident of Wads
worth, New, is a guest at the Russ.
Dr. A. M. Gardiner of the Napa Asylum
is among the late arrivals at the Lick.
Edwin Tilly, a mining capitalist of Ne
vada City, is one of the recent arrivals at
the Lick."
"William Rawlins and A. F. Afong ar<?
among the passengers from Honolulu who
arrived in this city yesterday and went
to the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. D. N. Taylor have come up
to the city from their home at Belmont
and are staying at the Occidental.
C. K. Cadman, a well-known and
wealthy contractor of Pinole, is among
the arrivals of yesterday at the Grand.
Harry C. Turner, formerly known as
the "King of Stanford Dudes," is at the
California with his bride. He comes from
Los Angeles.
E. S. Babcock, manager of the Hotel
del Coronado at Coronado Beach, is in
the city on a short trip which combines
business and pleasure.
C. D. Hazzard. a wealthy mine-owner of
this State, returned last night from Min
neapolis, where he has been attending to
some private business. He is at the Occi
dental.
C. G. Wilcox, an oil man of Oil City,
and Dr. Nat Green, one of the leading
physicians of Watsonville, are both reg
istered £t the Grand for a short stay in
the city.
D. A. Ray, secretary of the Hawaiian
Government Commission, has returned
from Honolulu and is at the Palace. He
reports everything prosperous and happy
in the islands.
J. C. Sims, secretary of the Pennsylva
nia Railroad, arrived here Monday night
in his private car and left yesterday for
Los Angeles. He is accompanied by his
family and is traveling on pleasure bent.
At the Palace are registered ex-Con
gressman B. T. Cable and party of Illi
nois. Mr. Cable, who is one of the, di
rectors of the Chicago and Rock Island
Railroad, is traveling on pleasure, and ar
rived here yesterday in his private car.
His party consists of the following no
tables: Baron and Baroness yon Amerl
neigen of The Hague, Mrs. G. A. Castle
man of St. Liouis, Baron yon Kalng of
Stuttgart, Mrs. Postlewaite of St. Louis.
Count Ereste Odazio of Milan and Dr.
George A. Taylor of New York. Mrs.
Cable is with her husband. The party
will remain he"re a few days sightseeing
and will then go south.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Presr. Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
IHvorce Suits Piled.
Ann Gorman has sued Patrick Gorman
for a divorce, alleging cruelty as a cause
of action. Suits for divorce have also
been filed by Louisa J. Stephens against
William Stephens for desertion and Han
nah Sullivan against Jeremiah Sullivan
for desertion.
M Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round trip tickets. Now only J«0 by
steamship, including: fifteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at ' New
Montgomery street. Sun Francisco.
Parker's Halrßalsam Is the favorite for dress
ing the hair and renewing Its life and color.
Hindercorns, the best cure for corns, IB oenta.ON FAIR BERKELEY'S CLASSIC HILLS WILL RISE THE MOST
MAGNIFICENT INSTITUTION OF LEARNING
THE MARVELING WORLD HAS EVER GAZED UPON
I Plars Replete With
| Rape Jlptistic Beauty |
CALIFORNIA the golden is noth
ing if not magnificent. Her moun
tain?, her plains, her soils and
her climate are all of a nature
that gives inspiration to her hu
manity, ami when a human concept is
-d it, too, must of necessity be on
a plane with the general grandeur of
the commonwealth.
.-iicn magnitude is the conception
of Mrs. Phebe R. Hearst which brought
forth from the best technical minds of
the world the detail and ensemble of
what purp"s>-s t" be the grandest and
most Rrtistic grouping of subsidiary
buildings into one vast institution of
learning that the workl has ever Been.
The story of the contest, which stands
without parallel in the history "f the
world, has been fully set forth in the
papers during the past few weeks, but
all word painting and pictorial repre
sentation of the ideas advanced by
world-famed architects fall far short of
giving a complete understanding of the
magnitude and artistic beauty of the
idealization of California's future uni
versity.
The Call printed a description and
■photographic reproduction of the gen-
eral idea of buildings as represented by j
the winner of the prize in the compe- ,
Ition. but owing to the , imper fee ions
of a hurried photograph the illustra- ]
tion did but meager justice to the great
institution of learning which wHI »o ,
b ,g ln to be reared on Berkeley's classic |
hills. In limited space it is impossib.e ,
to do more than show the general idea ,
of the artist who evolved the plans and
Ot n- ■ ■ Brtty all of the exquisite beaut>
of detail is lost. It is only when the
complete grouping of the plane is seen
that the mind begins to grasp the full
meaning of the competition which Mrs.
Hearst inaugurated.
When the international architectural
jury decid-d. after long study, that
Monsieur E. Benard had pnscnted the i
best and most complete plans for an j
Ideal university it waa not a judgment :
I alone upon the totality of the
ption, but was also a tribute to
the artistic attention to beauty of de
tail combined with a most practical de
sign in grouping of the various build- j
hi^fl which go to make the grand whole, j
The various edifices which have been
planned are not only designed with the
most complete attention to the require
ments of the especial study, but the
! ornamentation is peculiarly adapted to
. the particular branch <>f learning for
; which it is to be the home.
The great nave of the ferry depot
was thronged last night with the
alumni of the university who had been
Invited to m^et Messrs. Pascal, Wal
lot, Belcher and Cook, the jury which
has spent many months in deciding
whi<*h of the many plans submitted
was the one best suited for the require
ments. While hundreds saw the plans
thousands were unable to attend, and
The ('all reproduces from photographs
;by The Call's special photographer
P'ime of the most artistic bits of the
future institution of learning which
will make California world renowned.
Mrs. Hearst, whose illness prevented
1 her presence, had joined the regents
! with a special invitation to those who
! have in the past profited by the uni
j versity to inspect the designs for the
' future seat of learning and become ac
! quainted with the men who have made
the selection out of the many present
ed, and it was expected that at this
meeting she would make the announce
ment of her intention to begin the ma
terialization of the scheme which Is
•now in the realms of the ideal.
It has been known for some time that
Mrs. Hearst contemplated the erection
of one or more buildings for the univer
sity, but it is now made public for the
first time that this desire on her part
was the inception of the idea to have a
competition of architects to design a,
magnificent university. While she
Wished to erect a building she wanted
that building to be in harmony with the
future growth of the university. Her
selection is to be erected as a memorial
to her husband, and as he was a min
ing man her choice was naturally the
mining building. This she will begin
the erection of immediately after the
acceptance of the plans by the regents,
and following closely upon this she
will erect another as a reminder of
herself. While her selection on this
point has not yet been made public, It
is understood that it will be the
women's building.
1 It is announced that Mayor James D.
Phelan and Miss Jennie Flood will each
erect a building, and it is expected that
several other of the wealthy alumni of
the institution will show their apprecia
tion of the possibilities of the future by
assisting in the consummation of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
present ideal; and while the magnitude!
of the conception is startling at first it j
is among the probabilities that the
present generation will see what is now
apparently but a dream become a beau
teous reality.
The plans will be on exhibition at the
ferry depot until next Saturday, when
they will be formally submitted to the
regents of the university; and should
they be accepted, of which there seems
no reason to doubt, the progress from
idealization to realization of the project
will be a mere question of time and in
clination of those who are most imme
diately interested in the future of this
great State.
Millions of dollars will be required to
bring the matter to a conclusion and
years of time will elapse before the
magnificent adornment of the Berkeley
hills is complete, but from the day
that word went, over the world that
California wanted designs for the most
complete institution of learning on the
globe, the fame of the State and the
munificence of Mrs. Phebe Hearst, who
made the idea a possibility, became
world wide. The jury of architects
have served faithfully and well and
their labors have given to California,
as much as those of the successful de
signer, the plans of a university that
the world itself will be proud of.
The labors of the jury are over and
the members will soon return to their
respective homes, undoubtedly carry-
Ing with them memories of the broad
hospitality of the State which called
them together. They have been feast
ed and feted by a grateful people who
have found time amid the rejoicing
over returning sons to give honor to
those who have done so much for the
future of the youth of the common
wealth.
Prior to the reception last evening
the gentlemen composing the jury were
given a dinner at the Cliff House, and
as they listened to the roar of th«
waves as the surf dashed on the rocks
§JI World Lays Tribute $
I at California's Feet £
a
they might -well have felt that thay
had completed the inception of a
mental achievement which not all the
natural grandeur of the world could
enshadow or eclipse.
ARREARS OF WORK BY
THE BOARD OF REGENTS
The Regents of the University of Cali
fornia met in regular session yesterday
afternoon, General Barnes presiding.
Nothing but routine business was trans
acted, the passing of bills and acting upon
recommendations from the various com
mittees.
Just before the meeting adjourned Re
gent Budd called for a vote upon th
amendment of article 365 of th
by-laws, a change which he had propoaa
I two months before and which would make
! the regular meeting days of the Regents
; the first Tuesdays in September. Decem
-1 ber. March and June and the day before
commencement. Regent Wallace objected
i to the amendment in strong and vigorous
language, contending that the university's
needs demanded that the Regents meet at
least once a month; but the majority of
! the Regents present voted for the amend
! ment.
Kx-Presiderit Kellogg, who Is now away
| on a vacation, asked the Regents for a
leave of absence and a continuance of his
salary. Regent Hallidie championed Pro
fessor Kellogg's cause, but Regent Foote
opposed it. The matter was laid on the
table awaiting the arrival of President
Wheeler.
New changes will be .made in the gym
i nasium, which will be enlarged so as to
serve as an auditorium witn a capacity of
1200 seats. This will cost $2000. An addition
will be made to the conservatory, and a
new laboratory will be added to the chem
ical building, the improvements aggregat
i ing $10,000. ,
Considerable discussion was indulged in
over the medal fund. At present the cost
of medals Cor the highest graduating
scholar is $125. but the annual income from
the fund reaches $237 60. It being a trust
fund, the Regents were in a quandary
what to do with the surplus, and as the
matter involved some legal technicalities
it was put upon the table for future con
sideration.
Professor Rising was allowed an assist
ant at $300 a year; J. A. Rowell. library
assistant at $40 per month: J. A. de Con,
assistant in Latin, $10 per month: W. H.
j Alexander, reader in Latin at $10 per
1 month. • ■- -.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $431,209 in treasure to China.
Silver and Exchange about the same.
Wheat follows Chicago up and down. Freights firm.
Barley, Con: and Rye neglected. Oats lower.
Bran and Middlings firm at the old quotations.
Hay in liberal receipt, but moving off well.
Beans and Seeds dull and unchanged.
Vegetables and Onions quiet.
Poultry ni large and Came in small supply.
Butter continues to shade off. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fruits generally in lighter supply and steady.
.■lll Dried Fruits weak except Xectarines and Apricots.
Old Raisins well cleaned up. Almonds firm.
Provisions continue strong and in demand.
Wool and Hops quiet. Hides firm and Talloiv higher.
Hogs quieter and weak. Other Meats stand the same.
No further change %n Grain Bags.
Oils remain as previously quoted.
Decreased exports of Specie.
Charters.
The German ship Carl loads wheat at Port
land for Eurooe, S7a 6d: Macduff, wheat at
P rtland for Car' 1 Town or Algoa Bay. 4fts;
: i .;■ at PoH Gamble for Katchau;
n D Foster, lumber n the Sound for Syd
• •• . - lumber at Port Ludlow
for Honolulu
rdon Is chanered for wheat or bar
- Jd.
Treasure Shipment.
The Nippon Maru took out a treasure list of
$431,209, consisting of $139,079 In Mexican dol
lars. $251,630 In sfoM coin. $32,000 In stiver bul
lion and 3J-500 lr. Central American silver.
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
first eight months of the year were 115,29
against $C 1.553.574 during the same time in 1898,
the leading items b»lng as follows: Gold bul
lion, JU.OW; silver bullion, J2,645,283; Mexican
dollars, JI.SSu,UJ; silver coin. $260,755: gold
coin SIC fiIO, MO. Of these exports Hongkong
took J4.182.381. Shanghai $42,000, Japan 15717.
Honolulu $2,0:6,4bJ and New York $5,950,6J5.
Dried Fruit in New York.
■ York Commercial says:
"The increased interest In dried fruits con
tinues, and negotiations are in progress look-
Ins toward heavy Bales In the near future..
There is no tfiiotable change in prices, but there
ib a firmer feeling on everything except
peaches. Dealers begin to expect a revival of
business, which will partially compensate for
the dullness that has characterized trade fur
the past few weeks.
"The prune situation is improving and prices
on Santa Claras tend upward, though so far
as known no actual advance has occurred,
compared with opening prices. The decision
of the growers not to sell below a specified fig
ure holds prices at about the opening price. It
is a fact, however, that some sales have been
made as low as 2%c for outside goods, and con
siderable blocks are reported to have gone out
at 2%C Santa Claras are held firmly at 3c. j
Growers Insist upon receiving their prices, bas
ing their demands upon a reduced output In
tliis country, compared with last year, and a
shortage abroad. Movement is expected to im
prove from now on till the bulk of the crop la
disposed of.
"Raisins on the spot axe firmer, and three
crowns are up He. The old goods have been
cleant-d up by sales to Western commission
houses and a few in Eastern markets. No
prices had b«#en made on new goods yesterday,
and It is said that none were expected before
September 20. It is thought that prices havo
been pretty accurately foreshadowed, and that
the stocks most in demand will sell not far from
the price given. The market will be in a very
favorable position. Last year at the opening
of the season there were fully 1000 cars
of carry-over goods. This year the association
has disposed of all its holdings, and dealers are :
not heavily stocked. As the market is guar- |
anteed against decline, there will be little
chance for cut rates. It would appear.
"Peaches are the only variety of dried fruit
which are neglected. No one wants to buy
under present conditions, and holders are
forced to urge sales to do much from first
hands. It is said that peaches have been sold
In the interior of California for 4%c, but the
ranj;e generally quued Is s%'§'6c. A few sell
at fi%p, but not many. There Is no uniform
system of grading, anil choice means widely
varying qualities In different growing sections.
"Apricots are nearly all out of first hands.
and i-rices re held firm on all grades. Trading
Is small at present."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 12—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58' San Diego 72
Fresno IC4! Sacramento 92
Loa Angeles f(j< lndependence 90
Red Bluff 96 Yuma 110
San Luis Obispo BO
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 52; mean, 5t
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. An area
of low pressure overlies Arizona and South
eastern California. The temperature has fallen
I'j degrees or more over Oregon and Southern
Washington. It has risen about 6 degrees over
Utah. In the great valleys of California the
temperatures are still above the Yiormal. Cloudy
weather prevails along the northern coast of
California and showers have occurred from the
north of the Columbia River north and east.
A thunderstorm is reported at Raker City; a
maximum wind velocity of 28 miles per hour
fn.m the south at Pocatelio. At San Francisco
there is a vertical thermal gradient of 1 degree
rise to 100 ieet of elevation.
For< 1 ' San Francisco for thirty
tiding midnight, September 12. 1899:
. ••in California— Cloudy Wednesday;
northerly wind* in the Interior, brisk west wind
on the ■ r in the valleys.
For - ■ ■ i. u'ly Wednesday;
fresh : ■ nds.
For Nevada Cloud] Wednesday; cooler, prnb
ably showers In northern pan
' loudy, 1 "!er Wednesday; Fhowern
In nortl
For Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy
Wednesday; brisk northwest win.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
I recast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
XKW YORK, Sept. 12.— Values of securities
■raftered to-day from a further drastic liquida
tion of speculative accounts induced by the
contraction of loans by the banks for the pur
pose of replenishing their depleted serves
Borne sentimental effect was produced by the
sudden death of Cornelias Vanderbilt. But
this event, though sudden, was not wholly un
♦•xpected, and those properties with which the
name is most closely associated gave evidence
of nupport. Late In the day, after loans had
either been readjusted or lid 'if.', there were
some notable recoveries in prices, not .1 few
of the rnllroad stocks rising above yesterday's
level. In the final hour there was a rather ur
gent demand from the shorts to cover, which
helped the rally. ■;;.<• stocks Rave the appear
once rlfo of a demand from bargain hunters.
AH grades of locks were thrown upon the
market during the day as the rate for call
money waa marked us by successive stages
or ioar.s wars called outright. The standard
railroad stocks Buffered In equal degree with
the Industrials, ;- evidenced fay the weakness
<:: the Ki-anijers and a two-point decline in
Pennsylvania on large offerings. The bears
were watchful for opportunities all day, and
■were quick to take the market away from sell
ers. They had their greatest suocess In Brook
lyn Transit, which broke to par on the open-
Ing transaction. The most strenuous efforts
at support failed to bold this stock, and It fell
to sr-c. The Flower group showed keen sym
pathy with the weakness In this stock. Peo
pj«'a Gas, Federal Steel and International Pa
per dropped from 2 to ." points below' last
night's level, and Rock Island led the van
of the grangers. Tennessee Coal opened oft 9V4
points and fluctuated very feverishly over a
range of 5 points. Colorado Fuel moved In
aytnpatbjr, but otherwise the Iron and' steel
I stocks were relatively firm, and came up In !
the Una! dealings to a level above yesterday's ]
i close In several Instances. Sugar was one of !
the heavy sufferers on the active list. Some
: of the less active stocks to show notable losses
were Chicago and Eastern Illinois. Consoli
dated Gas. Mobile and Ohio, Cleveland, Lor
raine and Wheeling preferred, Minneapolis, St.
'• Paul and Sault Ste. Marie. Omaha and Lacka- ;
wanna, In which the declines ranged from 3 j
to SH. Manhattan was weak at one time,
but rallied strongly on the declaration of the
regular quarterly dividend of 1 per cent.
The newly listed milling stocks gained lVi
and 1 respectively. Railroads of the Southern
group, the Pacifies and Atchlson preferred,
showed a better resistance to the weakness;
; than the general list, and In some cases es- !
! tablished net gains before the close. The heavy ;
. liquidation of the last two days has undoubt- !
' edly resulted In greatly strengthening the con- j
dition of the banks. The call loan rate, after |
rising to I per cent, fell away to 6, hut this !
was only after the day's demand had been sat- ;
isfied. Reports from Washington Indicated '
that the Treasury Department was Indisposed
• to offer measures of relief so long as liquida
tion was not forced beyond purely speculative
limits. The foreign exchange rates on Lon
' don. Berlin and Paris all yielded a fraction to
: day. but discounts at those centers did not re- |
spond with an advance, as they would almost ■
certainly do if a movement of gold to New
York were impending. New York banks gen
i erally marked up the time loan rate to-day to
, 6 per cent, though the demand in that depart- :
! merit Is not heavy.
Bonds were weak In sympathy with stocks, ;
] and there was considerable liquidation mani- |
fest In the speculative Issues. Total sales, par :
value, $1,915,000.
United States old 4s coupon declined *i in
the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
\ Shares * Closing
! Sold. Stocks— '. Bid.
1 6.050 Atchison 20%
35,450 Atchison prefd 63»i
1.400 Baltimore & Ohio 614
406 Canadian Pacific MVs I
600 Canada Southern 52%
1 1,010 Central Pacific 56%
2.000 Chesapeake & Ohio 27
g.700 Chicago Great Western 1-4* l
• 2S.SSi) Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 132%
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 9 i
i Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 41 |
1,000 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 90 |
1,050 Chicago & Northwestern 167K
14,160 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 116 1
1,450 C C C & St Louis 55%
I 2.015 Colorado Southern 4* 8
| 650 Colorado Southern Ist prefid 444.:
I Colorado Southern 2d prefd 13
2,9*10 Delaware & Hudson 121%
2.66 1 ) Delaware Lack & Western 175
1.450 Denver & Rio Grande 21%
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 71* i
Erie 134
600 Erie Ist prefd 38<i
200 Great Northern prefd 162 j
3.200 Hocking Coal 17% I
600 Hocking Valley 3-1 |
1.545 Illinois Central 112%
1,050 lowa Central 13
»25 lowa Central prefd 65 j
550 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 9%
< Lake Erie & Western.. 19
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 79 i
Lake Shore 202
12.160 Louisville & Nashville 7:<* 4
80,375 Manhattan L 114 ti
4.000 Metropolitan Street Railway 205%
1.200 Mexican Central 14%
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 73'^ I
; Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 95 .V
: 4,260 Missouri Pacific 45 j
825 Mobile & Ohio 434
700 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
2.425 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 40*»
600 New Jersey Central 116%
9.750 New York Central 136
6.000 Norfolk & Western 24%
1.400 Norfolk & Western prefd 70
12.250 Northern Pacific 58%
2.000 Northern Pacific prefd 75?;
8,210 Ontario & Western 26 ]
200 Oregon Railway & Nay 42 ,
700 Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
20.360 Pennsylvania 131%
3.200 Reading 21 '•«
10,400 Reading Ist prefd F. 8% I
2,400 Reading 2d prefd 81% J
100 Rio Grande Western 37% i
100 Rio Grande Western prefd 81 i
200 St Louis & San Fran 11%
; St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 68 I
, St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36% I
200 St Louis Southwestern 14% I
4,225 St Louis Southwestern prefd 34»; 1
38.125 St Paul I*l%
210 St Paul prefd 178 i
400 St Paul & Omaha 117 I
26,773 Southern Pacific 36% i
1,070 .Southern Railway 12% I
6,050 Southern Railway prefd...'. 52%
6,000 Texas & Pacific 20
19.225 Union Pacific 447* i
•12,250 Union Pacific prefd 76%
200 Wabash '.. 7% I
1,450 Wahagh prefd 21% I
4,050 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11 i
400 Wheeling & Lake, Erie prefd 28% I
635 Wisconsin Central IG%
P C C & St Louis 72%
Express Companies—
; Adams 115
American 147
United States 50
Wells-Fargo 133
Miscellaneous—
2,425 American Cotton Oil 424
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 93
400 American Malting 16
300 American Malting prefd 67
1.900 American Smelting & R ZS%
1,400 American Smelting & R prefd .• 88%
American Spirits 5%
American Spirits prefd 30%
4,800 American Steel Hoop ;.. 39%
2.650 American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
14,120 American Steel & Wire 54%
. 1,000 American Steel & Wire prefd BVA
2,496 American Tin Plate 39% j
American Tin Plate prefd 86
17,620 American Tobacco 125
■too American Tobacco prefd 144
6.200 Anaconda Mining Co 54%
148.M7 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 97%
28,850 Colorado Fuel & Iron 59%
13,660 Continental Tobacco 43% I
8,060 Continental Tobacco prefd 94% :
23.150 Federal Steel 65% j
7.075 Federal Steel prefd SOTfc >
TOO General Electric 121 I
1,455 Glucose Sugar ; 63 I
Glucose Sugar prefd 106 |
4,810 International Paper 28
400 International Paper prefd 96
1,200 Laclode Gas 65
1.000 National Biscuit 45 '
National Biscuit prefd 101%
COO National Lead 29U
210 National Lead prefd 109 l £
2,425 National Steel 52^4
700 National Steel prefd 96%
400 New York Air Brake 16'>
4, 000 North American 12%
600 Pacific Coast 46%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
1.260 Pacific Mall 41%
21,550 People's Gas 115%
1,000 Pressed Steel Car 57%
**> Pressed Steel Car prefd 90
EM Pullman Palace Car 181U
175 Standard Rope & Twine 714
42.5.10 Sugar ISO
150 Sugar prefd 117%
24. COO Tennessee Coal & Iron 116
39.2.V) United States Leather .... Jo<4
S.CCO United States leather prefd 74«
2,225 United States Rubber.... 4S>4
United States Rubber prefd 11P'4
3.M0 Western Union BSU
3.660 Republic Iron & Steel 271)4
1.000 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 74>4
772,900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
L' S ?« re* lOO^IM X A T 2ds 70Vi
do 3s lOSViI do 4a 94
do 3s coup 108Vi'N T Cen lsts 11l
do new 4s reg....130 N J Cen gen 55.. 120
do coup ..' 130 No Carolina 6s 129
do old 4s reg....lUH do 4s 104V4
do coup 118 No Pac lsts 113
do 5s reg ........ IHH do Ss 66
do coup 1114 do 4s 103
Dlst of Col 3.655.. 117 IN I C 4 St L .108
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. lS9fl.
Ala class A 105% Norf & W con 4s. 94%
do B 108 I do gen 6s 135
do C 103 Or Nay lsts 113%
do currency 100 do 4s 102%
Atehlson gen 45. . .102 Or Short L6s 12S
do adj 4s 56% do con 5s 113%
Can Ho 2ds 109 Reading gen 45.... S6*»
Ches <& Ohio 4%5.. :<o% R G W lsts 98%
do f>B 118 St L& I M con Bs.lM
C & N W con 75. 145 St 1.. & S F Ren 6a 12»%
do S F deb 55.... 120 St Paul cons ....173%
Chi Term 4s 98% St P C & Pac lsts. 121
D & R O Ist pref.lo6% do 5s 121
D&R O4s 99 So Railway 55.... 109
E T Va 4 Ga 15t5. 1034 Rope & T 65.... S3 1
Erie gen 4? 71% Term new set 35.. 55
Ft W & Den C Ist 79% Tax Pac lsts 111%
Gen Elec 5s 116 I do 2ds 54
G H A & S A 65..10S 'Union Pacific .104^4
do 2ds ins Wabash lsts HSU,
H & T Cen 5s 11l do 2ds 99%
do con 6? 11l West Shore 4s. 113
lowa Cen lsts.. 116 |\Vls Cent lsts 77
| X C P & G lsts... 71% Va cent 87%
I La new con 4s 106 |Va deferred 5
L & Nash unl 45.. 99% & S 4s 85
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ' 40 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 20iOphir 00
Con Cal & Va 1 53 Plymouth 11
Deadwood 6.". j Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry.... 27 do prefd 800
i Hale & Norcross.. 26 Sierra Nevada.... 60
Homestake 65 Standard 2 SO
Iron Silver 52 (Union Con 40
Mexican 45! Yellow Jacket 27
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 95
Call loans 4496 do prefd 113
Time loans 4©5 Westlngh. Elec 49
Stock?— ,W!s Cen 17
Atehlson 20% Bonds
do prefd 63% Atchison 4s 100
Am Sugar 150 Mining shares
do prefd IIS Adventure 7
Bell Telephone 352 Allouez Mln C 0... 8
Boston & Albany. 266 Atlantic 26
Boston Elevated.. loß% Boat & Mont 335
! Boston & Maine... Butte & Bust 64>4
C B & Q Calumet & Hecla.77s
Ed Elec 111 205 (Centennial 32%
Fitchburg prefd ..121 Franklin 18
; Federal Steel 58%iHumboldt 2%
do prefd 81 Oseeola .':.... S3
j Mexican Cen 14% Parrot 47
, Michigan Tel 4 Qulncy 168
Old Colony 208 I Santa Fe Copper.. 14%
Old Dominion ....31 .Tamarack 210
Rubber 45% Winona 9%
! Union Pac 44% Wolverines , 44' 2
Union Land 6%lUtah 38}*
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— Money on call, firm.
at :'i<} per cent; last loan. 6 per cent, prime
I mercantile paper, 4%@6 per cent; Sterling Ex
! change, steady, with actual business in bank
! ers' bills at $4 86^4 S6 1 * for demand and at
I *4 S2Vsf' 4 82% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S4
! and $1 57%: commercial bills, *4 82; silver cer
tificates, 51>!?r.fl<ic; bar silver. 59% c; Mexican
dollars, 47% c; Government bonds easy.
Cash in the Treasury.
I "WASHINGTON. Sept. 12.— T0-day's statement
! of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $252, 916,353; gold reserve,
I 923,190.
Shipment of Silver.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— steamship New
: York, sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
1 out 379,000 ounces of silver.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here did a small business to-day
lln view of the settlement to-morrow. The tone
was Irregular, closing easier. Americans were
\ flat throughout on dear money, but New York
finally gave some support. Tintos, 46%; Ana
condas, 11%. The bank bought 53,000 pounds
gold bars.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— Canadian Pacific, 93%;
Union Pacific preferred, 89% i: Northern Pacific !
i preferred, 77%; Atchison, 21*4; Grand Trunk.
; Anaconda. IIV4: bar silver, steady, 27& d
' per ounce; money, i per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— FLOUR—
30,735; exports. 1 i095. Spot firmer and fairly ac
tive without change.
WHEAT— Receipts. 250; exports. 123,059.
1 Spot, steady: No. 2 red, 74%»c, f. o. b. afloat
j spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 7SV6<i?79%c, I- O. b.
afloat to arrive and spot; No. 1 hard Duluth,
Sl%c to arrive; No. 2 red, 73c elevator. Options
opened firm at unchanged prices, owing to light
offerings. They subsequently advanced quite
! sharply on Western buying, presumably for out
> side account, inspired by the crop report.
: Equalizing in the last half hour precipitated a
i decline which left the market weak at un
-1 changed prices. May, 7&' / ;@79 15-16 c, closed
; '■■\'-. September, 73 1 1 / 2 73\c. closed 73Vic; De
; cember, 76H<g'S 7 4c, closed 76% c.
; HOPS— Steady. ■.. ..
HlDES— Firmer; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
18%®19c.
WOOL— Steady. ..-;..*: "-•
METALS — The market for metals was excep
! tionally quiet all day. and aside from an ad
vance In the price of tin, values were positively
without change. The news from home-produc
i ing points and abroad averaged up about as
] anticipated. At the close the Metal Exchange
I called:
PIG IRON— lull and nominal at $17.
i LAKE COPPER— Very quiet at JIS 50.
< TIN-Higher. but not active, with $32 60 bid
i ami $32 95 a.*-k«-d.
I.KAD-- Unchanged, $4 60 bid and $4 «2Vi
I asked.
I SPELTER— DuII, with *. r > 50 bid and $. r . 60
i asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
copper $18 60.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged,
; to five points higher; sales. 14,500 bags, includ
■ ing: October, $4 20: November. $4 25; December.
$4 50; January. $1 65; March. $4 65; April, $4 65
©4 70; May, $4 70<g4 75; January. $4 75; July.
:$4 85; August, $4 8694 90. Spot coffee— Rio dull
I and nominal. Mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 11,108 packages: firm;
| Western creamery. / (i23c; June creamery, 18*4
i @22c: factory, 13@16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 14,156; firm; Western regu
lar packing at mark, 13@16<ic
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7V4c;
prime wire tray. BVi'sR l 4c; choice, B%@9c; fancy,
9©9»4c
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moorpark. 14@16c.
PEACHES— B@ll%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Kept. 12 -At the Immediate opon
inp in wheat yesterday's bullish Government
j crop report did not have any appreciable effect
on pries. On the contrary the market was in
clined toward weakness, the bears taking for
their cue the he.avy Northwest receipts, offering
wheat in considerable quantities. The result,
was small declines in everything. It was evl-
I dent that the Governrm-nt report, which mdii
i cattd a total crop of something like 487,000,
--| 000 bushels, was not so lightly regarded in the
j country, for outside buying orders beuan to
stream in shortly after the opening. The buy
ing was so brisk in comparison with the recent
dullness that for the time being it took the
; breath away from the professional bears and
prices shot upward with considerable rapidity.
December opened a shade lower at 71^7ivic
nnd reached 71% c. before realizing became heavy
: enough to nnnsr a temporary setback. The
tone Of the flixir gradually became decidedly
bullish, the sentiment, being strengthened by
outside buflnt. and shorts covered freely.
! Prices kept on the up grade until within thirty
; minutes of the close, with the broadest business
lln weeks. December advanced to 71 7 ,fc<3>72c.
This was well above call figures, hut no re
action of importance took place until the post
ing of Uradstreefs llgures on the world's visi
ble, Bhowlng an increase of 4.935,000 bushels.
This was far beyond what the trade antici;>at>'<l
and had an immediate effect. In the meantime
shorts had covered generally and the selling
! movement which started found little opposi
tion. Prices dropped rapidly from that time
to the close, though September was given bet
! ter support than the more distant futures. De
i cember w.-«s the object of a determined raid by
professional bears, and at the close all of the
! earlier advance had disappeared. December de
clined to 71@T1V, and was bringing that price
at the close. September closed with a gain of
at 70% c.
Corn was fairly active and irresrular. The
market early felt the Government report, con
siderable outside buying being done, especially
In deferred futures. Later in the day the mar
ket became weak and all the advance was lost.
December closed a shade higher and Septem
ber a shade lower.
Oats were rlrm and higher, though not
maintaining best prices. The market was
steady at the close. December closed with a
gain of %c to y*c.
Provisions were weak all day and closed at
the bottom of a substantial decline. Hog
prices were lower and yellow fever news waa
disquieting. The strength of grain markets
probably prevented a larger decline. At the
close October pork was 10 cents lower, lard 5
cents lower and rlhs 5 to 7>4 cents lower.
The lending futures ranged as follows:
"Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— '
September 70\l ' 71% 70V6 Jo;£
December 71% 72 "1 71%
May 1 741™ 75 74 . 74%
Corn No. —
September 31 31«4 30% SI 1 *
December 2S?i ' 2 c! »i 284 2S 1 ,4
May , 29% 29% 29% 29%
Oats No. 2—
September 21M 214 21U 21%
December ....'. 2<>\ ' 21 " % 21
May 22.* U\i 22U 22%
Mess pork, . per bbl— . „ „
October ......... ...8 05 S 07% 800 800
December 8 20 — n 8 074 ' 8 10
January :...9 50 9 52% 9 47% 9 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs— „„ . „,..
October 5 25 5 25 5 20 5 22%
December 510 5 82% 630 630
January 5 40 5 40 5 40 5 40 -
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— , . „
October 5 22". 5 22% 5 17% 620
January 496 4 »7M 4 97Mj4_95 _
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 67%@C!>%c: No. 2
red. 72% c; No. 2 corn, 31f31Uc; No. 2 oats,
I:,:"- 1 .--; No. 2 white 23 3 i«T24c; No. 3 white,
23@24H0; No. 2 rye, 56% c; No. 2 barley. 36%fi>
43c: No. 1 Flaxseed $1 05; prime timothy seed,
$2 25; mess pork, per barrel, $7 20@S 05; lard. !
per 100 pounds. $5 1095 25: short ribs sides
(loose). $5 OS@S 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
5%!ET5?ic; short clear sides (boxed), $5 55(?«» 60;
•whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 22. !
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 21.000 9,000
Wheat 54.000 43,000
Corn, bushels 763,000 336,000
Oats, bushels 619.000 274,000
Rye. bushels 15,000 700
Barley, bushels 83,000 • 5.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery, 16%(ff22c; dairy,
13@lSc. Cheese, firm; ll(gll?*c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14%@14%c
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Deo. Mar.
Opening 5 B'4 6 10T4 6 0%
Closing 5 8«i 6 10% 6 0%
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 19 55 20 55
Closing 19 45 20 55
Flour-
Opening 26 50 27 35
Closing 26 50 27 35
Available Grain Supply.
NEW TORK. Sept. 12.— Special cable and
telegraphic advices to Bradstreet'S' show the
following changes in available supplies as oora
-1 pared with last account:
Wheat -United Stutcs and Canada, east of
'; the Rockies, increase, 2,835,000 bushels; afloat
! for and in Europe (Liverpool Corn Trade
1 News), Increase. 2,100,000 bushels. Total sup
i ply, tnerrflso, 4.?r..' 1 0
! Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
' Rockies, increase. 1,436,000 busffels.
S Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
I Rockies, decrease, 109,000 bushel*.
i The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tncnnia and Seattle, Wash., ln
| creased 11C.00O bushels last week.
— ; , —
California Fruit Sales.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 12.— The Karl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction as
follows: Grapes— Tokay, single orates. 80c9
$1 75. average $1 n". Peaches— Salway. 70c.
Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 «6®l SO, average
$1 89.
MONTREAL, Sept. 12 —The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day as fol
lows: Grapes — Muscat, single crates, $146®
1 50, average $1 47; Tokay, single crates, $2 1"
$2 25, average $2 17: double crates, average
$3 30. Peaches— Salway. b ix>-j, 40c@$1 15, average
85c. Pears— Bartletts, boxes, average $2.
NEW YORK. Sept. 12.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction
to-day: drapes— Malaga, single crates, 7i
$1 30, ' average $109. Peaches— Salway, boxes,
average $1 10. Peats— Bartletts, boxes, average
51 7" Favorable weather.
Hi ISTI IN, Sept. 12.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Malaga, single crates, 55efi$l 2ft, aver
age Bse. Peaches— Salway, boxes, 80c®$1 18, av
erage 960. Pears— Bnrtletts, boxes, $IQ2 25,
average $1 89. Eight cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12 —The Earl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction
t"-d'ay: Grapes— Malaga, single crates, $1 1 .•
1 36, average $1 27,; Muscat. 75@S5c, averag.- - ■■.
Tokay $1 7692 05, average $1 81. Pears -Bart
letts, b.ixes. $1 2"</2 90, average $2 14; P>eurre
BOSS 5! 609165, average $163. Plums— Kelsey,
! I 1 70, average $1 54. Prunes— Fallenberg,
single crate-. 60996 c, average s«c: German,
<■ • 1 75 average $1 SB: Silver. $lfiU 15, aver
age $104; Oros, $140(5130. average $140.
Peaches — Salway, 75®"S5c, average 79c. Nine
cars sold to-day. Wet and unfavorable
weather.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Sept. 12.— The tone of the wool mar
ket has been MUl>'t during the past week, al
though prices have held strong- There is no
prospect of Idwer prices, as no feeling exists
among dealer? that higher figures will be ob
tainable bef < re the end of the year. There
have been several Mb transactions in Territory
wools on th<- scoured basis of sofif>2c fur fine
m»'lium and fine, with staple lines running as
high as 56©57 c. Fleece wools axe firm, but
sales only moderate.
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota— Fine
medium and fin.-. !• •: l-< . scoured, So<gs2c; sta
ple. 55957 c. 1 Mh and Wyoming— Fine medium
and fine. 16@18c; scoured, 50c; staple, SSOSSC.
Idaho— Fine medium and fine, 16{il7c; scotfred,
Australian, scoured basis— Combing, So@S2c;
good average, 76(y"c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Pert. 12.— CATTLE- Arrivals of
Cattle to-day were larger than expected and
with a quiet demand prices, except for best
grades were about 10c lower. Good to choice
Cattle sold at $5 7506 7">; common grades, $4 30
0G 7"' stockers and feeders brought $3@4 75;
bulls. COWS and heiters. ?1 Bn@o 40: Texas
steers, $3 50<04 :,'. ; rangers, $3 50@6 25, and
calves. $4(g7 50.
HOGS Hogs were GffilOc lower. Arrivals
were far above expectations and the demand
was moderate, prices suffering in consequence.
Heavy Hogs. H\i\ 60; mixed lots, $4 20&1 70;
light. J4 3004 70; pig*, V. 60©4 50; culls, S. ■
SHEEP Trade in both Sheep and Lambs was
active and prices ruled about 10c higher.
Pheep, $4 NY&4 30 for fat natives and Western;
a ! yearlings bring ftM and culls and com
mon loU, J2©3 60; good Lambs, J5 25@6 25;
common lots. $3 7594 60.
Re.eipts-cattle, S00O; Hogs, 25.000; Sheep,
14,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 12-Clearingrs. $335. -
--66f>; balances, ?82.nfiO.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 12. -WHEAT— Receipts
are very light. For export Walla Walla of
good weight and color would probably bring
CBc and posHlbly a cent more. For milling pur
poses an high as We has been paid. Valley Is
in moderat" demand at ofl'SfiOc for export and
about 61c for Old wheat and for milling. Blue
stem, ea*y. at Bo@6lc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Kept. 12.— Wheat, unchanged; Club,
5Sc; Bluestem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Pert. 12.— Consols. 105; silver.
27V!: French rentes, lOlf; wheat cargoes oft
coast, buyers indifferent operators: cargoes on
passage, nominal, unchanged; English coun
try markets, steady.
LIVERI*OOL. Sept. 12— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard fnllfornia. 6s Mjd : wheat in Paris.
quiet; Hour in Paris, steady; French country
markets, quiet: weather in Enjrland, light rain.
COTTON- Uplands. 3 17-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 red Western winter,
steady, 5s !»d ; No. 1 Northern spring, steady.
fi= Id. Futures Quiet: September, 5s B%d; De
cember, iis lOTsd; March, 6s vjd.
CORN— Spot— American mixed new. steady,
3s 4vid: American mixed old, steady, 3s 4vsd.
Futures— Steady; September. 3s 4%d; October,
3s '.' 4 d; November. 3e s%id.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days.
124.000 centals. Including 74.000 American. Re
ceipts of American corn during the past three
days, 277,400 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling; Exchange, 60 days — $4 8*
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — ' * 88
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12^
Mexican Dollars ' 43 .' 48};
Fine Silver, per ounce — * 63>/s
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT • FREIGHTS— last reported
charter Is at 36s 3d. The chartered wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 26.900 tons,
against 15,525 tons on the same date la^t year;
disengaged, 64SS tons, against 3C.577; on the
way to this port, 193,900 tons, against 181.800.
WHEAT— There was more disposition to buy
on the Chicago market at the opening. The
bean tried to discredit the Government re
port, but It worried them. Th» shorts covered,
and the scalpers were generally long.
Later In the day the early activity subsided.
Liverpool falling to respond. Receipts from
the Northwest were heavy, and the Indian
drought was reported broken. The Govern
ment report suergests a crop variously figured
at from 486,000 000 to 525 000,000 bushels.
The local market continued dull. Futures
went up and down with Chicago.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl O2'-®1 03Vi; milling.
$1 07V*:@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock -December—
40.000 ctls. $1 10%.
Second Session— December— 4o,ooo ctls. $1 lf'V
20,000, $11014: 26.000, U 10%. May— 2ooo ctls,
?1 16U: SOOO, $1 16%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4B.o*lo
ctls, SI 10; 10,000. $1 10%. May— won ctls. $1 15%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 09vfc: 22,000, $110. May— lß.ooo ctls. $1 I>V
BARLEY— Stagnation continues to charac
terize this market. Speculation on call is dead.
and the spot market is nominal, with scarcely
any sales.
Exports from this port thus far this year
amount to 1,350,164 centals, valued at 11,476.300,
against 663,300 centals, at $684,000, during the
same time last year.
Peed, 80@83%c; Brewing, 90(7f9r»c; Chevalier,
$1 10@l 22'/i per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES. »
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — N" eales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2uoo ctls, 84% c;
2000, 841*0. May -2000 ctls, 86% C
OATS— Offerings are more liberal and quo
tations are lower all around. White, $1 Or.^
1 20; Red. $1 06@1 12%: Mlack. miKWc P<"T ctl.
CORN— Thereis nothing going on. Offerings
on 'Change are practically nil, and so is the
demand. Eastern large Yellow, $1 05; White
and mixed. $1 02i2(B~l C 5 per ctl.
RTS— MG92&C per ctl. The market con
tinues dull.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60^3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40'B > 3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4053 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25i£3 40 for bakers' and $2 23^3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. ?2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 B0; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4 60@4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4V/4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; R-11-d
Oats 'barrels), $fi sf.<fffi 9f.; in sacks, $0 Ss®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $1 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuifs.
Hay continues to arrive freely, but as nobody
expects any lower prices this year buyers are
taking hold sufficiently to keep stocks from
accumulating and the feeling Is steady.
I.ran and Middlings are quoted firm at former
prices.
UIiAN- sls 50917 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60919 SO per ton.
FEBPSTUFPS— RoIIed Rarley. $18918 60 per
ton; '">iloake Meal at the mill. $27'(t2S: jobbing,
$28 50929; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmea).
$23 50#24 50; Cracked Corn. $24925; Mixed Feed.
50; cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAT— Wheat, $6 HOfTS 50 for common to good
and $r"Ti9 ZS for choice; Wheat and Oat. $>". 1
8 50; Oat, 1697 50; Barley, 1697; Island Barley.
$5©5 50; Alfalfa, $5 5097 per ton; Compressed,
f6 5i r9.
STRAW— 3O® 35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull at the revised quotations
already noted. There is nothing doing in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 65.i 1 75: Small White.
$2 07*492 17' a; Large White, $1 6091 75: Pinks,
$2 1592 25; Reds, $4; Ulackeye. $3-{j3 50; nut
ters, nominal; Limas. $4 10; Pea, $2 Isfg2 25;
Red Kidneys, i'l 2f.fi:; 40 per ctl.«
SEEDS- Brown Mustard, 2 1 >s@3c: Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax, $1 9092 10; Canary Seed,
2*i"i3c per rb for California and 3 ! -o for East
ern; Alfalfa. S 1 •.;■•->•: Rape, 3c; Hemp, 40
4%c; Timothy, nominal.
Mil ED PEAS— NHes, $1 2S@l 50; Green, $1 50
'<i"J. per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are about the same,
with a weak feeling. Sweet Potatoes are
lower.
I 'urn Is doing rather better, but Tomatoes
continue weak. Other Vegetables are about
the same.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 75f?SO<-: Early
Rose, 50f/60c; Burbanks. 50970 c per Ctl; Sali
nas Rurbanks, 90cift$l 15; Sweet Potatoes, 2@
2' 4 c per Ib.
ONIONS 70985 c per ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle Onions, 50075 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c per Th;
String Beans, l@2c; Lima lteans. l'&L'e; Cab
bage, 50960 c; River Tomatoes, 15tfi25e: Alameda
Tomatoes, 25940 c; Egg Plant. 25fi35e; Green
Ofcra, 4>i v (?«•<• per box: Garlic 293 c; Green Pep
pers, 55940 c for Chill and 40990 c per ]u,\ for
Heir Carrots, 80940 c per sack; Hay Cucumbers,
25«g35c; Tickles $1 Bo@l 78 per ctl for No. 1 nnd
7.v for No, -: Summer Squash. 25935 c; Marrow
fat Squash, tl"'<il2 per ton; Green Corn. 40@500
per saik. 50975 c per crate for Alameda and
40950 a for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is depressed by the large ar
rivals from the East, many of whl--h pre still
unsold. Prices generally show a .slight decline,
though they were low before.
Game continues In light receipt and quota
tions for birds are somewhat nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. Wilf.o for Gob
blers and 14916 c for Hens: Young Tu;k-ys,
16918 c; Geese, per pair. $1509175; Gomlljzs,
S1&092; Ducks, 135094 for old and $4fi "1 Tor
young; Hens, $35096; young Roosters,
old Roosters, (494 25; Fryers. $3 5093 75; Broil
ers, $3(83 50 for large. $2 75 'SZ for small;
Pigeons, $1 25(gl 50 per dozen for old and $1 & •(.'
for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 75c per dozen: Grouse. $7:
Sage Hens. $Sifi4: Mountain Quail, $4; Hare,
$1(g>125; Rabbits, $1259160 per dozen.
) Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter is off again. Some sales are still
made at 26c, but close buyers no longer pay It.
The recent advance diverted a good deal of
the demand to pickled goods, and It has
stayed there. Cheese is steady and unchanged.
Eggs are quiet and rather weak at the de
cline already noted.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy. Creamery. 2".o; seconds, 24c.
Dairy— -Fancy, 22%928c; good to choice, 2l@
22c: store, nominal.
Pickled rou. 2H(g2lc; firkin, 19#21c; cream
ery tub, 21(g22c per lb.
CHEESE- Choice mild new, llfillVic; old, 10
010 Vie; ioung America, 11911% c; Eastern,
14 ' a 15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 21<5T25c for store and 27'f}30c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 22H924C for se r
lected, 2fiii.(2lc for No. 1 and 17«glSc for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There are very few Peaches seen now, and
they will soon be out. Plums, too, are get
tins scarce. Pears are coming forward mod
erately.
Grapes arc dull and not materially changed.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs are in b-tter sup
ply and somewhat weaker.
Quinces are In liberal supply and slow of sale.
Limes are scarce and firm at the high prices.
Lemons are in lighter stock and firmer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. SS'g'BOc per box for common and 75c
ifitl lor good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $394 50 per chest;
Strawberries, $798 I*'" chest lor small and $2
<y 3 for large berries; Raspberries, $3®4 per
chest: Huckleberries, 5c per Hi.
Grapes, 20Ji30c per box and crate for Fon
tainebkau, 20frlOc for black, 25i?50c for Muscat,
30950 c for Tokay, 76®86c for Seedless, 10976 c
for Corr.ichon and 75985 c for Isabellas; Wine
Grapes, $18920 per ton.
Watermelons, $6917 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 25(&75c per crate; Nutmegs, 20r§
35c per b">i.
Pears, Hartlett, $1 25fffl 50 per box for No. 1
anil 7:.Ci/$l ' 1 No. -; In bulk. $3r>'g*o per ton.
Kig^, 509760 per box for double layers of
small black and 50«6uc for large purple.
Peaches, 36975 c per box; in bulk, $20@35 per
I Mums, 10940 c per box and $20@30 per ton;
Prunes. 40'SifiOc per crate.
Quinces. 4ixi(6'i<- per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $1® 1 75 for com
mon and %2'dZ 50 for good to choice.; Mexican
Limes, $6 50®7; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas. $1 50552 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1®
2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
With the exception of Apricots, the more Im
portant fruits are weak, and most of them
show a decline. Nectarines continue scai^e and
firm. Receipts, with the exception of the two
varirtes named, are rather too free for the local
demand at present.
Old Raisins are reported well cleaned up, and
the feeling In new goods Is firm in consequence.
.Almonds continue stiff; •.- .
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, , In
sacks. s^c for 40-50's, 4V£c for 50-60's. 3%c for
60-70' 3@3Uc for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2%,
<5'2%c for 60-100's; Apricots. -10/?i)llc for Royals,
14(&>15c for Moorparks and 12'i(12 l for Blen
heims: Peaches. 4@4Hc for Standards. 6@3V4c
for choice and 6c for fancy: peeled Peaches,
Irvine; Evaporated Apples. C«6 l sc; Sun-dried,
4 1 4<5'*%c per lb; Nectarines, tVa^Sc per lb for
red and S'fJOc for white; P<>ars, 4@sc for quar
ters and Sfltc for halves; Black Figs, 3c; "White
Figs, 6i??6Hc; Plums, sii@6c for dark and 7@
7'<ic for bleached.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4^@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V&C for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes 2%@3c.
NUTS- Walnuts. s@Sc for hardshell. 10@12c
for Folftshell; Chile Walnuts 11012 c; Almond*.
10%@11%C for paper shell. 809 c for soft and
4@sc for hard shell: Peanuts, |%@«%c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. B%©9c; Filberts, lit?
IP,. • Pecans. 7%®Bc; C .units. J4 M>V°>
HONEY— Comb, ll'.fcc for bright and lOV&c for
light amber; water white extracted. n4@7%c;
light amber extracted. 6%(ff"c; dark, o^c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams. Bacon and Lard rule firm at un
changed quotations. There is a good demand
for barreled goods on Government account.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. S^c per lb for I
heavy 9<ff9>->c for light medium, lie for light. ,
12'^c for extra light and 13c for sugar-curerl; '
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 134 c; California
Hams 13c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear, $16 50; mess.
I $16015 BO; Smoked Beef, 12c per It).
LARD— Tierces quoted at ;, l 2 '<i.i\f per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
71. •■ 10-lb tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. S4c
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%&7% C per lb. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head remain about
as before. There Is no particular activity.
Hides are firm and Tallow is a shade higher. |
Hops and Wool are dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell |
about he under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. (W4c: medium. 9@fl%c; light, 9c: |
Cowhides. 8c; Stags. 8c: Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 18c; dry Calf. lie;
Sheepskins. yearlings. 20©30 c each: short
Wool 35«60c each: medium. 70®Mo; long Wool.
90c@|l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. 52@2 _25 for
1 large and $1 2501 50 for small: Colts, 25©60 c.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 44* i.-' fl per lb, NO.
2. 4@4%c; refined. : grease. 2@2%c
WOOL — Spring Clips-San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months. B®Uc; San Joaquin Foot
hills, defective. Sffflc: Valley Oregon 1 . ■ < |N.
i Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9©11%<
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. S@loe: do
plains. 7®Sc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
t'lln 7^(7?9c
HOPS— New are nominal, with hardly any
sales, at ll@l3c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hots are weak, though prices remain un
changed. They are too high for the packers.
Other descriptions stand the same. \
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6%@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 715100 i>er lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, "iS7'^c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound
LAMD-Sprlng. S>?iß4c per lb.
FORK— Live Hogs, s\@s%C for small. 6c for
medium and 6%®6%C for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 5V4c; dressed Hogs, 7'SSV^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7@7 1 Wool
Bags, 26@28c; Fruit Bag?, sic, 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7^7>4c for
bleached jute.
• BALE ROPE— Pure Manila. 14c; Sisal and
Manila Mixed, 13c; Duplex olzes, 12c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. 17 50;
Scotch, 18; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in
"^ANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75@S5c; As
paragus $160®2 85; Tomatoes. 75@S0c.
CANNED ' FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 15<f?2 80 for
black and $2 15{f2 30 for white: Peaches, $135©
1 65; Pears. $1 su@l SO; Apricots, $1 20@l 70;
Plums. 95c@» 25.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l34<?fl<>c for prime
washed; ii''"/i24c for good washed; H4*iisc for
good to prime washed peaberry: Grille for
good to prime peaberry; Mi/114 for good to
prime: B®9%C nominal for good current mixed |
with Mack beans; B@9c for fair; 5%@?C for
common to ordinary Salvador— 9@ll%e for good
to prime washed; ST ( K\o for fair washed;. '.'V"
U%c for good to prime washed peaberry; 7»4@
S?ic for good to prime semi-washed; 7Vs@SUc
for superior unwashed; 7%c for good green
unwashed; 3%@9%c for good to prime unwashed
; peaberry: 6@6%c for common to ordinary.
I Nicaragua— l4S'lC 1 4c for prime to fancy washed;
£®llc for fair to good washed: 7%07%C nominal
for good to superior unwashed; 8%@9%c nomi
nal for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Gua
temala and Mexican— l2<Sls>4c for prime to
fancy washed; 'J^llc for good to strictly good
washed: Sfrlic for fair washed: 7-&7 V for me
dium; 4ii«4c for Inferior to ordinary; WQUVjC
for good to prime washed peaberry; B%@9H!C
for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 7*i@S}ic
1 for good to superior unwashed. ,
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25@28c per lb: Sole
i Leather, medium, 2.".'(i26c; Sole Leather, light,
£sfi2<sc: rough Leather, heavy, 25@26c; rough
: Leather light, 25926 c; Harness Leather, neavy,
32ifi33c- Harness Leather, medium. 30-5321-; |
Harness Leather, light, 29©S0c; Collar Leather,
15(S'16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40@45c per lb;
Veal finished. 80@56c: Calf, finished. 75c@$l 20;
Sides, finished, Ifi(iil7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14??16c: rough Splits, S@loc per lb.
California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1. 75c;
pure $1 10; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled. 56c;
raw,' 54c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter strained, barrels, 47c: No. 1, 424 c; cases, 5c
i more; China Nut. 47<g5.Sc per gallon: pure
I Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 60c: cases, 65c; Sperm,
; pure 60c: Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c;
i Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
] colors, $1 25'§'1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@
i 2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil. in bulk, 12c: Pearl Oil. In cases,
ISc: Astral, 1-.-; Star. ISc: Extra Star Oil, 22c; |
Elaine. 23c; Eocene, 20c; Deodorized Stove Gas
oline, in bulk, 16c; do. cases, 22c: Benzine, In
bulk. 16% c; do. cases. 214 c; 86 degree Gasoline,
In bulk. 21c; do. cases, 27c per gallon. :
CANDLES— Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz.
94e; 6s, 14 oz, SHe; 6s. 12 oz. 74c; 6s, 10 oz.
6%C Granite Mining Candles— 6s. 16 oz, 40s,
10c; SB, 16 oz. 20s, 10%e; 6s. 14 oz, 40s. 9c; 6s, 14
oz, 20s, 9%c; 6s, 12 oz, &"- 4 c; 6s, 10 oz, 7Hc
Parat'flne Wax Candles— ls, 2s. 4s and 6s,
white lie; Is. 2s, 4s and 6s, colored, 12c; 12s,
white, lH4c: 12s. colored. 12%e.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6%@7c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 6%@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 69c; In iron bar
rels, 64c: in wooden barrels, 66c.
. LUCOL — Boiled, barrels, 4»c; raw, barrels, ■
47c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S44 50«T45 per flask for local I
use and (40041 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- I
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags: |
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c; Pow
dered. 54c: Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry Gran
ulated 00; Confectioners' A. sc: California A,
— : Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C, 44c: Golden C. |
4%c; barrels, I-160 more; half barrels, ' 4 c more; |
boxes. %C more; 50-lb bags, %c more. No or
der taken for less than 75 barrels or its equiv
alent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes, 6c
per lb. 1
Lumber.
WMRKR- Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes, $16@17; extra sizes, high
er; Redwood, JITQIS for No. 1 and %\?,<q\6 for
No. 2; Lath. 4 feet. $2 20if2 30; Pickets. $1S;
Bhinsles. $1 60@l 76 for common and J2 75 f.> r
fancy: Shakes, ?11 for split and Jl* for sawn;
Rustic, |2W<27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 12.
Flour, qr sks 15, 007 Lime, bbls 145
Wheat, ctls ... 63,750 ■ Raisins, bxs 2 20-)
Barley, ctls 4,150 Chicory, bb15..... '5.)
Butter, ctls 191| Quicksilver, risks 112
Cheese, ctls SSjLeatber. rolls 661
Tallow, ctls 2.'1 Wine, gals 62,900
Beans. sks 106 Eggs, doz 8,31')
Potatoes, sks 5,466 Hides, no 762
Onions, sks .111 I'elts, bills 337
Middlings, sks... 125 Wool, bags 195
Sugar, sks 800 Hay, tons 734
Sugar, bbls 1,000 «
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 5.220. Shorts, sks 1 575
Bran, sks 3,640
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a moderate business in securities
on the morning session at unchanged quota
tions.
In the afternoon Giant Powder advanced to
Mining stocks weakened oft considerably, as
will be seen by the list of sales. The telegram
from the pump said: "No. 1 elevator has been
running continuously. The water is 34 feet
below the 1950-foot level station. To-day we
begin work preparatory to taking out elevator
No. 2 for rearrangement."
The Texas Gold Mining Company of Willow
Valley. Nevada County, has levied an assess
ment of 5 cents per share, delinquent Octo
ber 31.
A dividend of 20 cents per share, payable on
Uip l.'t h. has been declared by the Oakland
Shu Leandro and Haywanln Railroad Company!
The monthly dividend of 7n cents per share
will be paid by the Alaska Packers' Associa
tion to-day.
The California Street Cable Company will
pay a monthly dividend of 50 cents per shar.?
to-day.
The Gas Consumers' Association paid the
usual dividend this month
The Calumet and Hecla Copper Company of
Michigan has declared a dividend of $20 per
share, the second of like amount for the pres
ent fiscal year, beginning May 1. The com
pany last March paid a dividend of $20 per
share and $20 per share extra, the last named
from reserve accumulated in some years, the
two aggregating $4,000,000, the largest mining
dividend ever paid In this country. The divi
dend Inst May was $2,000,000, same as the one.
Just declared, which is payable on September
29. This is the one hundred and twelfth divi
dend and makes a total of $64,850,000. the larg
est sum to the credit of any mining company
in the United States.
The Gwln Mine Development Company has
declared its tenth dividend at the rate of 5
cents per share, pnyable now. The total divi
dends amount to $Sfi,sWi.
The Gould and Curry Mining Company re
ports $1239 38 cash on hand September 1. with
an indebtedness at bank of tv<Oo and 1. ■
lecting an assessment. ' and v co 1"
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
TUEBDAT. Sept 12-2 P m
Bib.Ask. Bt.i a,v
4s quar c0up. .1124 - Mutual El r o . 18* 17w
4s quar reg.... — — O G I . ,v H 4'u 1 *
4s new quar... - UV t p aC Gas Imp. — 67%
3s quar cqnp..108%109 Pa, L C 0.... 33 411
Miscellaneous— IS F G & X b-i
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 — Ban Fran..]."! 34 354
t,d L <t P 65.. 150 — , Insurance—
F &Cl Ry G5.1144 — Firem'e Fund 225 —
Geary-st H 6s. — 95 Bank Stocks'—
H C & a SVis.lOTtt— Anglo-Cal .... « —
L A Ry 5s — 107% — Bank of Cal. 282U28S
L A 1- Co Bs.. itU — Cal Sli & T. — &8
do gtnd 65.. 99 — Firsi Nationl.234 —
do gntd us.. — 100 I Lin Pft A 128 —
Market-st 65..12«H — Mer Exchange— 16
do Ist M .",s.ll5»» — Nev Nat Bk .152V4100
N C N G R75.110 — Savings Banks -
N Rof Cal i's.ll4. — Ger S <v L..1660 —
NR ef Cal r,5.11"»-i — Hum S & L.1060 1160
Nl'cl< 11 Bs.lOaH - Mm Say Bk. 39 424
N PC B H 55.103 107 E F Say U... 500 —
N Cal HK. 58,111 — Say & L So. — 824
OGI, .v H Ss.llOtf Sec Sa\ Bk. — 800
Oak Trans 6s. — 111% Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
Om C Ry 65. .12S — ■ Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry Bs.lOfi 108 California 120 —
Pk & O Ry to. 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st Rfis.llS — Market-st .... 62-. 02\
Sac Bl G&Ros — — Oak SL& H. — 60
PF& N P ss. 114 H4 ! i Presidio 12 —
3 F & S JVSS.IISHIIS Powder —
B itv of Cal 68105V4 - California ....150 165
S P of A 65. ...112 113>4 B Dynamite.. 86
S P C 68(1906)111% - Giant Con Co. '.'
S P C 68(1906) — 114% Vlgorit 2% —
S 1' C 6si]'Jl2)l22 — Hana PCo 16 15H
B}'cls eg sa. 102% — Haw r&s C. P4' t '•'
S P Br to 125 126 iHutch S P Co 314 -
s V w.ii Bs.. 115 Kilauea S C... — 31
S V Wat 45.. 104 - iMakaweli SC. 51 —
SV W 4s(3dm)lolVi — jOnomea S C... 39 —
Stfctn Gas 65.. — — Paahau S Co.. 35% 39
Water Stocks— M • •llaneous—
Contra Costa.. 75% 7f> Al Pac Assn..ll7Ml-
Marin County. 50 — M'T Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. lol% — 'Oceanic S Co. 89
Gas and Electric— i Pac A F A — l\ -
Cent L & P... — 64 Pac C Bor C 0.140. 140 142'
Bquit G L Co. 4 5 1 Par Paint Co._ 8% —
Morning Session.
Board —
3 Bank of California 283 w
15 Hutchinson S P Co 31 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co cash 31 ?2 ;
40 Hutchinson S 1' Co 31 62- :
50 Mnkaweli Sugar Co 51 25
30 Market Street Railway 63 25
15000 Market Street Railway ccn 5s 115 25
25 Mutual Electric Light 17 124
2"0 Mutual Electric Light.. 17 00
10 Oakland Gas s 3 49 60
60 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Street—
100 Bank of California 282 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75
1 Bank of California !
20 Contra Costa Water i
200 Equitable Gas
10 Giant Powder Con b 5
10 Giant Powder Con b 6 75 00
140 Giant powder ivm
50 Giant Powder Con 75 12 3
10 Market Street Railway
25 Mutual Electric Light 17 00
15 Oakland Gas 49 25
X Paauhau S P Co
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 25
£0 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Street—
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 5125
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE!
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
60 Equitable Gas 3 S7M,
10 Giant Powder Con 74 no
60 Mutual Electric Light 17 25
r,' Makaweli Sugar Co 51 25
15 Makaweli Sugar Co 51 37%
25 Paauhau Sugar Co 3S 25
25 Paauhau Sugar Co 3S 124
25 Paauhau Sugar Co 3S 00
2u Spring Valley Water 102 124
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water T5 GO
50 Equitable Gas 3 75
20 Giant Powder Con 74 23
30 Hutchinson Sugar Co 31 50
40 Makaweli Sugar Co 51 25
20 Onomea Sugar Co 3- 37%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 50
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sa'es yesterday in
the San Francisco Stock Board:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 53:1000 Potoai 55
500 Chollar 47 200 Sierra Nevada. 81
100 Ccn Cal & Va..l 65 200 Union Con 41
100 Ophir 1 10' 300 Yellow Jacket. 30
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 34 200 Justice 13
200 Belcher 35 300 Mexican 46
SOO Best & Belcher 51' 100 Occidental .... 24
350 Chollar 41 100 Ophlr 105
ISO Chollar 45 700 Potosi .-,3
GOO Con Cal & Va..l 60| 450 Sierra Nevada. 78
100 Con Cal & Va..l 65 100 Union Con... . J
100 Crown Point... 22 1 300 Yellow Jacket, t*
200 Gould & Curry 3ul
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 56 200 Crown Point... 21
600 Best & Belcher 54 500 Gould & Curry. 30
2M Best & Belcher 53! 200 Mexican 47
&00 Best & Belcher 52 1 100 Ophir 1 10
200 Caledonia 671 800 Potosi 52
500 Chollar 44 : 200 Sierra Nevada. 81
300 Chollar til 100 Sierra Nevada. 79
500 Chollar 46] 100 Sierra Nevada. 7S
1100 Chollar 47 200 Union Con 41
200 Con Cnl & V...165 900 Utah 11
200 Con Cal & V.I 62% GOO yellow Jacket.. 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha Con 06 200 Mexican 47
lUO Andes 16 I*) Ophir 1074
700 Belcher 351 i>«) Ophir 110
900 Best & Belcher 52 200 Potosi 53
300 Bullion OS 100 Seg Belcher 05
600 Con Cal & Va.l 65 200 Sierra Nevada. 7»
100 Crown Point... 21
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. September 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Justice 13 14
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 15 1S L ady Wash 01 02
Belcher 35 3'j Mexican 45 47
Be=t & Belcher 51 52 Occidental '. 23 24
Bullion 07 08 Ophir 105 110
Caledonia 70 — Overman 13 15
?hollar 44 46 Potosi 52 53
'hallenge Con.. — 3S Savage 29 30
Confidence 75 SO Scorpion 02 —
?on Cal & Va..l 60 165 Seg Belcher 06 07
lon Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 77 7s
Jrown Point.... 21 2. 1 Silver Hill 02 03
■'on New York. — 0! Syndicate — 07
Sureka Con — 50 Standard 270 —
Exchequer 01 03 St Louis — 10
& Curry. 20 80 1 Union Con 41 43
•iale & Norcrs. 30 31 Utah 13 H
lulia 02 03 1 Yellow Jacket.. 23 3y
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
' WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
end the la.«t or right hand column gives the
!ast tid£ of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
p;i\en are addition to the soundings on the
I'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then th" number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Tune Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
Si-ptemb'-r !2, 1R99.
The time ba.ll on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
c/clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN'S.
Lieutenant Commander, IT. S. N., In charge.
Continued from Page 8.WELLS-FARGO COMPANY
DEFEATED BY THE PEOPLE
Judge Troutt Enters a Second
Judgment Against the
Corporation.
Its Efforts to Evade the Payment of the War
Revenue and Shift the Burden by Virtue
of a Court Judgment Without Avail.
FOR a second time Judge Treat* has
passed adverse Judgment on Wells.
Fareo & Co. for its refusal to bear
the revenue burden Imposed upon It
by the acts of Congress. Since the
dn&ctment of the war revenue law Wells,
Farg:- &. Co. have stubbornly opposed all
efforts to compel the corporation to obey
the law and Itself furnish and bear the
expense cf revenue stamps required to be
affixed to each bill cf lading or other
manifest issued as a memorandum of re
ceipt. In each legal battle before the
lower courts it has been defeated, but
again marshaled ita forces and "def-nd
e<i" actions brought to compel compliance
with the law. Yesterday, however. Judge
Troutt handed down an opinion from
which an appeal will be taken and final
Judgment passed by the Supreme Court.
This judgment on record. Attorney flan
eral Ford stands ready to enforce It, and
for each violation of its holdings the cor
poration must defend Itself In court If not
In an action brought to compel the forfeit
ure of its franchise.
The action decided yesterday was that
of the people against the corporation on
the relationship of the Assistant Attorney
General, in which the court was prayed to
issue a peremptory writ of mandate
against the company, compelling it to af
f.x. and bear the expense of revenue
stamps as required by the war expendi
tures act. Attorney General Ford pros
ecuted the case of the people, and his ar
gument left practicaliy out one hole.
through which the company sought to
crawl tn its effort to beat the people and
the Government, to which it owes its ex
istence. The corporation lawyers con
tended that inasmuch as the act in ques
tion dM not specifically state whether or
not the company or the consignor should
bear the burden cf the revenue law as re
lates to the afnxing of stamps to bills of
iading or other manifests, the matter
should fee left to the parties in interest,
and the matter of affixing the stamp, and
its attendant expense, left to agreement
reached by argument or barter between
the shipper and the carrier. While thus
presenting its case the company neglected
to mention its superior power over the or
dinary consignor, but the court doubtless
considered that i- left to agreement be
tween the consignor and the corporation
the latter would devise ways ana means
by which to escape the burden. The money
would be raised and the purpose of the
law subserved, but. as before, the people
would again be the carrier of a shifted
burden. Hence the ccurt did not consider
the defense of the company a sufficient
one. and on motion of the Attorney Gen
eral has entered judgment In favor of the
people and against the corporation on the
pleadings.
Judge Troutt's opinion reads:
-
. such
-
''■ ' ■ ■
--.'■
- - -venae
-■». en
NEW OFFICERS OF THE
DAIRYMEN'S ASSOCIATION
at Convention
Taken Up With a Discussion on
Oriental Trade.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 12.— At to-day' 3
Bessfcin or the California Dairymen's As
socia-Jon the subject considered raa the
export of creamery products to the Ori
ent. R. A. Pearson of the United States
Department of. Aj?riculture, Dairy Divis
ion, delivered an address in which he
stated that California was En a position
geographically to supply the Orient with
dairy products ant! that there was no
State that had greater opportunities to
build up a trade with the Orient in these
products than California. He advised the
butter-makers of the State to manufac
ture a hard- butter for export and as
sur«»d them hearty co-operation of the
Department of Agriculture.
At the conclusion of the morate? ses
c<on a board of directors was elected
consisting of M. P. Hanson of Alton. wn
l'ara Ntl-ea of Los Ar.zeles. C. H. Sessions
cf Los Angeles. F. H. Harvey cf Gait,
A. P. Martin of Petaluma. M. D. Eshle
man of Fresno, H. M-. Le Baron of Valley
Ford. W. P. A Brewer of San Mateo,
Georn R. Sneath of San Francisco. W.
H. P.oussel of San Francisco and William
Johnstone of Courtland. The board of
directors met at once and elected the fol
lowing officers: President, William
John«tone: fiirst ■vice president, William
Xil<°s- second vice president. H. M. L*
Baron: third president. M. P. Han
e*?n- secretary, Samuel E. Watson; treas
urer, William H. Roussei.
DAVID B. DAVIDSON
DIES IN SAN RAFAEL
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 12.— David Barclay
Davidson, who resigned his position as
cashier of the Nevada Bank of San Fran
cisco about six months ago on account of
falling health, died of consumption to-day
at t Hotel Rafael.
Davidson was a native of New York,
seed >j years, and received his education
ir Scotland. He became connected with
the Bullish North American Bank in New
York. "and came to this coast to accept the
position of cashier of the Nevada Bank
jT D-?o 3 ased Is said to nave been a wealthy
man. He leaves a widow and one daugh
ter, who was recently married to Harrison
Dibb'.ee of Ross Valley. The remains will
be shipped to New York for interment.
IN HIS DILEMMA HE
SOUGHT RELIEF IN DEATH
PORT TO^TN'SEND. Wash.. Sept. 12.—
The Norwegian steamship Aker, from
Vladlvostock. via Nagasaki, brought a
tale of love and suicide. Five days after
the Aker left Nagasaki Ole Gautzen. sec
ond engineer of the Aker, was missing.
A search of his room revealed the fact
that he had committed suicide by Jump
ing overboard. Among his effects were
found three letters from three young
!a<i ( e« to all of whom he was engaged,
and' also a letter signed by himself stat
in* that owing to love affairs life had no
charms for him and that before the voy
age was ended he would be among the
missing. Gautzen was thirty years old
an-i ?. native of Sweden.
Quay's Strong Fight.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 12.— Quay has
b»en advised by Senator Penrose that the
Senate will -ably not seat him; there
fore Quay will make a determined effort
to be elected at the coming oxtra session
ct the Legislature.
«.
Killed in a Wreck.
WOODLAND, Sept. — Information
has reached this city to the effect that
Scott Eiggs. a former resident of Wood
land, ■ is killed in a railroad accident in
tlilncta last week.
titled a- tot to i" "la ways and an« to
meet war expenditures," and approved June
13, 1338.
The question as to whether Weils. Fargro &
Co. or th« consignor should cay for such a
Wtnp as aforesaid was determined by this
court list October adversely to the company in
the case of Costley V 3. Wella, Fargo & Co.. on
apceal from the Justices' Court, and a writ
ten opinion was filed.
Coatley's action was brought to recover dam
ages suffered by reason of the company's refu
sal to receive and forward a certain package as
requested by him on hi 3 offer to pay the regular
charges The ground of such refusal waa Cost
ley's failure, on demand, to provide th» com
pany witc a stajnr that the act of Congress
required should be attached to the memoran
dum of receipt, to which he w&j entitled, la
event cf the acceptance cf his package for
trar.srcrration. *
The facts of the case at bar place The defend
ant ia a similar attitude to that which It as
sumed in the aforesaid Costley .rase so far as
concerns the rround or its refusal to accept
the package tendered to it by the plaintiff
herein.
Defendant now. however, very earnestly
ure-es as a new point tiat the aforesaid act of
Congress did not impose the burden of provid
ing the aforesaid stamp exclusively upon the
defendant or the consignor but left it to the
parties themselves who should bear such bur
den, acd contends, therefore, that defendant
might properly refuse to accept goods for
transportation If the consignor refused to pro
vW* or pay for the stamp.
It appears from the pleadings and it la COO
cede-i by defendant's counsel that the con
signer offered to pay In advance a reasonable
compensation to defendant for its acceptance
and transportation, of the package in question.
We find that section 13 of the aforesaid act de
clares that any person who shali Issue any in
strument, document or paper mentioned In
schedule "A" cf the aforesaid act, without the
sase being duly stamped, shall te guilty of
a misdemeanor and be punished by fir.c or Im
priacnicent or both. In the discretion of the
ccurt; and that such instrument, document or
paper not being- stamped shall be deemed In
valid and of no effect.
By schedule "A" of the act !t Is declared
that It shall be the duty of the express com
pany to issue to the person from whom any
goods are accepted f:r transportation a bill
cf lading or other memorandum cf receipt,
and that there shall be duly attached to the
sin« a stamp cf the value cf one cent; and
tha: ar.y failure t~> Issue each memorandum
shall subject the company to a realty of 150.
Tr.is court has not changed irs opinion as
expressM tn writing in the aforesaid Costley
case, but assuming, as defendant claims, that
the aforeaaM sot of Co-r.yress dees act declare
whether the express company or the consignor
shall provide the afcr°«aM starrp, still I am
Eatfsfieii that under s^tiocs 2133 and 2173 of
our Civil Code the defendant, as a common
carrier. Is obliged to a^efpt and transport
sroods under the circumstances a? they here
appear. A.- the defendant upon accep:ar.ce of
the g-»ds would be obli*<vi under b<~th our
statute and the aforesaid act to tsrae a rc€m
cran.'.um cf receipt, it follows that to avoid the
commission of a crime it would be obliged to
attach tb* stain to the memorandum, even
at Its own cost If the consignor refused to
pay for it.
The aforesaid sections of the Civil Code are
as follows: ■>
-
LS ■
I
-
-
• - - x- —' .•»
■-■
-\: trie
raotlcn
be gr-= -
SOUTHERN STREAMS
STOCKED WITH TROUT
Young Fish Taken From the State
Hatchery and Are Doing
Well.
PASADENA. Sept. 12.— Game Warden
Charles Winston said to-day that 25,000
ralr.bow trout have been placed in moun
-1 tain streams hereabouts and are doing
well. The fish were hatched at the State
] hatchery In the north and sent her<» in
! cars. They are turned loose In creek 3
and cared for by three deputies, who pre
vent peaching. The fishing season has
been closed ever since the mountain fires
of two or three years ago. T^ast leason
! was very dry and many fish died. To
s day the streams are almost depopulated
or native fish. In many places the Game
Warden deputies have had to supply wa
ter to keep the fish alive.
The trout are about two Inches long
wKen they arrive and iron and propagate
very rapidly. Next year fishermen may
have much sport- Until a few years ago
the San Gabriel River was a famous trout
| stream and it is thought that its reputa
tion can be restored.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents Issued. Pensions Granted
and Recent Army Orders.
WASHINGTON*. Sept. 12.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Seneca L. Berry, San Fran
cisco, hydraulic elevating- machine;
Charles A. Blank, Berkeley, child's bib;
William A, Cheney, Los Angeles, wave
motor; John P. A. Petsch, Los Angeles,
badge fastener: Murrili B. Rice. Tustin,
wave motor; Samuel Sweeney, Los An
geles, Ice cream freezer; Hartson Tuttle.
quartz riffle plate for ore stamping: bat
teries; Garret Van Horn, high gear bi
cycle; August Lotz, San Francisco, can
body flanging device.
Washington— George P. Cragin. Spo
kane, paste bottle; Joseph Woodhnm
Long Beach, concentrator.
Army orders: Recruit Henry Sherman
-■/-first Infantry. Presidio, San Fran
cisco, having enlisted under false pre
tences, will be discharged without honor
from the service.
Captain William H. Wilson, assistant
surgeon, is relieved from further duty
with the recruits at the Presidio San
Francisco, and will proceed to Angel
Island and report in person to the com
manding officer for duty at that post
Lieutenant Amos H. Martin, Nineteenth
Infantry, is relieved from recruiting duty
at Rochester, N. V.. and will proceed
without delay to San- Francisco.
Captain James H. Frier. Seventeenth
Infantry, 13 relieved from recruiting duty
at Portland and will proceed to San
Francisco. '""
The commanding general of the Depart
ment of California will assign acting As
sistant Surgeons Charles A. Cattermole
John J. Gllhuley and William Grey Miller'
United States army, now in that depart
ment, to duty with troops en route to th»
Philippine Islands.
The following named enlisted men. now
supposed to be at the stations designated
will be discharged from the service of the
United States by their respective com
manding officers: Private John C. Lough
ran, Battery I. Third Artillery, and Pri
vate Frank Jacob. Company M, Thirty
first Volunteer Infantry. San Francisco*
Recruit Ross Keene. Thirty-rtrst Infantry'
and Recruit Cl" m V. Wagner. Twentieth
Infantry, Presidio. San Francisco, will be
discharged from the service; Private Wil
liam A. Sandhaus. Hospital Corps, now at
Fort Monroe, will be sent to the Presidio
San Fran.- •
Pensions: California — Original— Thomas
Carolan, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, J3:
James C- Taylor, Vallejo, $6; Bernard Le
maire, San Jose, J*-. William B. Church,
Oakland. $15.
Restoration and reissue— Ralph Mackey.
dead. Mentone. $12.
Increase— D. Glbbs, Etiwanda. $♦>
Original widows, etc.— Jennie Collamer,
Red Bluff. JS.
Washington: Original— William E. Rock
well. Hoquiam, $8.
Original widows, etc.— Mary A. Miller.
Colfax. $8; Edith A. Bragg, Castle Rock,
THE SAX lUANCihCO CALL. WEDNESDAY; SEITE3IJ3ER 13. 1 899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HIS FUME OF
LOVE FLICKERED
AT SEVENTY
Hodge-Nicholl Trial
Begun.
Oak' and Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Sept. 12.
The trial of Miss Jane Hodge's $50,000
breach of promise damage suit against
her aged uncle by affinity. John Nicholl,
the rich East Oakland capitalist, was be
gun in Judge Ogdec's court this after
noon.
Little time was consumed In selecting a
Jury. Among those challenged was A.
Bernal. -who vouched that he "could not
impartially try a case where a woman
sues for breach of promise, because." as i
he put It. "the woman surely ought to be
willing to take even chances with the !
man." The following jury was accepted
and sworn: Chris A. Mulvey, C. B. Har
mon. O. C. Hyatt, M. K. Houghton. Chris
Christensen. Richard Feige. B. F. Maloon.
Conrad Reigelhuth. J. H. Fensher. C. J.
Zobei. W. B." Bridge and Charles F.
Harper.
Miss Hodge, the spinster plaintiff, who
has herself passed fifty summers, was
present with her attorneys, W. W. Foots
and Reed & Nusbaumer. She was gowned
in black, and her white tresses, her Quiet
demeanor as she gazed through her gold
rimmed spectacles, precluded even the j
slightest excuse for any hint that an ad
venturess was scheming to mulct an aged
capitalist of 50.000 glittering dollars for
her lacerated affections.
The defendant. John Nicholl. who has
but recently passed his seventy-eighth
birthday anniversary. was also on hand
with his attorneys, Major John B. Mhoon
and Sam Bell Mcl^ee. But for the perfect
white "galloways" issuing from beneath
his chin, he would pass for a man of 30
years. His face is massive-featured and j
flushed with apparent health, not at ail
Indicative of blood that lags in its clr- j
culation or has cooled of its animal heat. |
Mazie and Heasifl Nlcholls, defendant's i
two daughters, who are saW by Miss
Hodge to have caused the engagement to J
be broken, were also in court, but were j
excluded while illss Hodge testified, J
which she did after Attorney Foote had j
made i brief though comprehensive open
ing statement to the jury.
Miss Hodge first related her advent in
California in 1554, and In Oakland in ". ••'
She- had frequently met Mr. Nicholl. and j
their relations had always been pleas- |
ant. On November 9, 1888, Mr. Nicholl
had spoken to her about her need of a j
life companion. The act day they had
gone riding, when the aged capitalist
popped the question.
••He said." continued the witness, "that
he was going to marry me, and I told i
him I was willing. He told me to go to a ■
tailor next day and get my trousseau, and
offered me money, but I wouldn't ta.-ce j
It. I told him I had not much money, and ;
he said he would marry me 'if I didn't j
have a shoe on me.' 'You're the woman |
I want.' he said, and when I asked. *'W hat i
will the girls -say? 1 he said they said they
wanted it. Yes, and he embraced me j
passionately. I afterward told Mazie
about our ensraeement. and from Novem
ber 10 to December 13 he called on me
nearly every day. Then he ceased, and j
on December 2>> I wrote him a letter .and j
again one on the 38th, wherein I asked ;
him whether he waa willing that I should j
publish our engagement." The letter was ,
here introduced by Attorney Foote. In
it plaintiff had written that "the few
days you asked me to wait before going
further In our little matter have now de
veloped into three weeks, and as you
have not called on me during that time.
folks here are beginning to wonder what
we mean to do. Is it not beat that we
show them that we are both in earnest
as to our marriage?" The letter was
signed "Lovingly your promised wife,
Jane Hodge." , .
\ttorney Foote then wished to submit
John Nicholl' - reply to the foregoing
note. Nlcholl's reply was In the hand
writing of his daughter, Mazie, and some
thing was said by Mr. Foote about ad- j
mitting that the letter had not been writ- ,
ten by'Nichoil's attorney, to which Major j
Mhoon tersely retorted: "I hope. Mr.
Foote. you will not charge me with writ
ing so impolitic a letter." Mr. Foote then j
read the letter, as follows:
1331 Fourth avenue. East Oakland,
January «, 1339.
Mi«s Jane Hodge— Dear Niece: While on i a
recent linen -•--*-,- it San Pablo
I received a type-written letter bearing the
ty*«»-wrttten signature Jane Hod??. I pre
sume the letter waa from you. When I re
tu-ned home I also found one of the same na
ture Uoth letters asked me this question.
"Are you willing I should publish our engage
ment?" in. answer to this question I will say I
that I never was aware of an engagement exist- j
in* between us but a. conditional agreement
rhat if the girls trny daughters, Made and
Hassle) did not object to your coming to th*
home established by me for them at 1351
Fourth a«enue as my wife we were to be mar
ried. I never had any other intention toward :
you than marriage upon these conditions, and
they were fully understood and agreed upon by j
' You Informed both Masie and Hessie at dif- |
ferent times that such was the agreement, and '
that It was your wish to conform to the agree- j
ment upon those conditions.
You fully understood what led me to talk
with you upon the subject of marriage: that ■
it was my thought to relieve my daughters
from the close attentions upon the home, and
that you might be some relief to them if an ;
agreeable alliance could be made between us. !
You told me to tnlk with the girls on the sub- i
ject and If they were agreeable and would per- '
mit you to come to their home a3 my wife w» j
were to be married; If not, then the marriage
"was off."
Maz-.* and IT* Ml* considered the matter very
carefully and consciously and finally decided
to 50 and ask you to ride and talk with you.
Then they could better conclude whether It
would be possible for them to permit you to :
become a member of the household. On that
ride yon at once assailed them for infiuenclng :
me again*t you and delaying matters— trytg
to break up our friendship. This I now want '
to emphatically deny and disabuse your mind
of any such wrong Impression. I simply could
net carry out my Intentions toward you on the '
grounds agreed — that we were to be mar- I
ried if I could brinj you to our home with the
girls' consent.
It never was my intention to marry you and
be obliged to seek any other place of abode,
nor was It my intention to marry you and '
bring you to our home contrary to the wishes
cf my daughters, who have always made this !
their home. This you fully understood and
agreed to.
On this same afternoon you told the girls
that you could put but two construction* upon
my actions either that I Intended to marry you
or that my Intentions were dishonorable. Now
my intentions toward you were always condi
tional, as you know.
The girls decided, from the attitude you
maintained toward them, that it would be im
possible for them to receive you Into their
home.
In one of the letters you ask this question
"What shall I tell my friends?" I see no need
of your telling them anything: but If you do
tell them the conditions upon which you agreed
to marry me— that It the girls were willing
that I should bring you home as my wife we
were to. be married; If they were not willing.
then the agreement was null and void, or.- as
you expressed it. "ft was off." Kern I hope
that you will understand that the agreement
cannot be longer entertained and that you will
hereafter meet me and my family on the old
time friendly relations. Yours very sincerely.
JOHN NICHOLL.
When Mr. Foote resumed questioning
witness and Major Mhoon made some ob
jections, creating a doubt in witness's
mind as to whether to answer or not,
Foote kindly and facetiously advised Miss
Hodge that "the major ain't ruling on the
question." but that its admisslbility lay
with Judge Ugden.
Witness then continued to relate the
fact that a week after Nicholl had popped
the question, which caused her cheeks to
burn, she. Nicholl, Mrs. R. L. Boyd and
Mrs. Berry were seated at Mrs. Boyd'3
home when witness announced the en
gagement.
Mr. Foote here asked Miss Hodge, "Can
you tell what you expended for clothing?"
and Major Mhdon vigorously objected
when Mr. Foote peacefully withdrew the
question remarking. "We are not suing
for old clothes, that's true. We are after
something higher than that."
Then the witness told of a drive with
Mazie and Hesste. "Mazie asked me
whether I was to take their ma's place,
and Hesaie asked 'who waa to do the
housekeeping.' She asked me." contin
ued the aged maiden lady, "whether I
MR, ROWE IS
ANXIOUS NOT TO
BE WRONGED
No Anger but Unique
Friendship.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
908 Broadway, Sept. "_2.
When CWmeßmea turn red and white
In the face, thump their desks and make
the inkstands jump, turn defiantly on
their heels and when they behave In a
manner that ordinarily Indicates anger, it
is only their way of "amicably discuss
ing" a question and of showing their high
regard of each other's opinion. The au
thority for this statement i 3 President
R:we.
Mr. Rows made a remarkable speech
last night. Nearly ail Mr. Rowe s
speeches are remarkable. During the
heat of a friendly discussion, Mr. Rowe
expressed the hope that the newspaper
men would not --■ret their actions as
those of quarrelsome men.
•■This is Just a friendly discussion, a
sort of family gathering," said he. "Every
body is at liberty to express his opinion.
We don't all think alike. We don't all
express ourselves alike. But it Is all right.
We are not quarreling, and I sincerely
hope that the newspapers will not give
out the impression that every time we
differ In the Council chamber we are hav
ing a fight." '■■ .
A.nd the ten Councilmen nresent laughed
ten different kinds of laugh.
Mr. Rove's intimation came a I —.»
0 -+-$-+- '£-»-■?> ♦ ♦ -+- I -♦ <^-♦-©
knew how old her pa was. I said. yes.
She said 76 years and I said even If he
was 170 years old I would marry him Just
the same. : - ,
"Mazie said to me when I told her of our
engagement and asked her what she
thought of it: 'Well, it is all right, but
with me it Is a purely financial matter.'
and she asked me if I would be satisfied
with a child's portion. I only looked at
her, and said no more. I never thought
of money at all." _
Asked by Mr. Foote what effect the
breach of contract had had on her. Miss
Hodge concluded: "It has ruined me for
life. Yes. my feeitriKS have been greatly
hurt. I have been humiliated, and am
worrying all the time." And the aged
spinster wiped away a few tears that
dimmed her eyes. ■ ;
Perhaps the warmest article submitted
was Miss Hodge's reply to John Nichols'
letter. Mr. Foote read its contents In a
clear, forceful manner, and the jurors
appeared to relish It as much as the spec
tators who thronged the lobby. Follow
ing is the letter:
Lester avenue. East Oakland. Jan. T, 13M.
My Dear Mr. Nicboll: Have Just received
your letter. Am very sorry that you have al
lowed your lawyer to dictate to you and your
daughter to write such a letter to me. Only
my dear love for you and the girls ke*rw me
from feeling the anger and indignation such
an epistle deserves from one you have loved co
truly for years, towards whom you have always
hitherto acted In so kind and gentlemanly a
manner. That you love me still I know in
spite of lawyers sad daughters, and will yet
do me Justice.
You know tn your heart of hearts that the
assertion you make In your letter is untrue.
You are an honorable man. I still believe, and
you know that no honorable man could so
plainly show for years his passionate love for
a woman and then ruthlessly throw her aside
In this manner. When you asked me the ques
tion you would have a3ked me years before you
did had I eneourazed you to do so you askel
God to bless our union, and when I tearfully
said "You will be good to ie, I know." you
answered "God knows I will." I cannot allow
mysel' tr> break my sacred promise to you, and
I pray God to make you true to yourself and to
Him in keeping yours to me.
If you allow any meddilng lawyers, laugh
ters or «tster-in-law to stop this thing now by
greed of gain and Jealousy, you are not the
gentteman I have allowed to handle me and
fondle me as a passionate man would act to
ward hi* promised wife. • • • You always
•aid "The girls an aD right; they want it:
they say, 'Jane is the one.' " • • • ABout
a month ago when you told me how Lulu acted.
at this time I wanted to bid you good-by, as
I then thought It might be better for your
peace of mind, but you would not bid me good
by but took me tn your arms as usual and
merel? said. "Say nothing for a few days and
everything will come out all right." I have
allowed no one to dictate to m* what I shall
say to the man I love, for althoush I gave
you and others to think all along I cared noth
ing for you, it would have been supernatural
frr me to remain cold toward you when you
«howed so very plainly how much you cared
for me. You have called yourself my husband
while out with me. and before God you belong
to me in every way except In the one thing
a. vlrtueus woman cannot give a man until
the laws of the country make them one.
Must I believe that you would have even
taken this from me had I shown you that it
was at all poci"ible. tx»cau«e you were afraid
to marry me under your daughters' displeas
ure.
God help us both If you make me conclude
this, for I cannot answer for myself if I am
convinced of it. Your* In very truth.
JANE HODGE.
It Is expected that the trial will con
sume at least three full days, and some
Interesting developments are looked for
from Mazie Nicholl when she is called.
She has been her father* a amanuensis for
over ten years. Major Mhoon stated after
adjournment that the defendant will also
take the stand, and that when he does
it will be found that he has practically no
memory.
SCHEDULE ARRANGED
FOR FOOTBALL GAMES
BERKELEY, Sept. 12.— football
schedule for the coming season has been
definitely arranged between the managers
of the University of California. Stanford
and Olympic teams. The dates and games
planned up to the big Thanksgiving con
test are as follows:
September 20. Olympic vs. Univer
sity of California, Berkeley campus.
October 7. Olympic vs. Stanford.
San Francisco.
October 14. Olympic vs. University
of California, San Francisco.
October 21. Olympic vs. Stanford,
San Francisco.
" October 2S. University of California
freshmen vs. freshmen of Stanford
University. San Francisco.
November 4, Olympic vs. University
of California. San Francisco. j
November 7, Olympic vs. Stanford.
Palo Alto.
November 11. Olympic vs. University
of California, San Francisco.
November IS, Olympic vs. Stanford,
San Francisco.
November 30, Stanford vs. Califor
nia, San Francisco.
Pope's Health Is Grocd.
ROME. Sept. 12.— Alarming rumors are
-t that the Pope is ill. but they are
ieclared to be without foundation.
late. For five months there have been lit
tle family differences In the Council, and
or. one memorable occasion some mem
bers accused other members of taking
snap Judgments ' and a retort was made
that "grumbling and growling" would not
help to fix the tax levy. It Is also on rec
ord that one member said he was able to
look out for himself, while another one
accused still another member of acting In
a cowardly manner.
All these little affairs, however, are
simply amicable methods of adjusting
family differences. Mr. Rowe said ao
officially.
Taking snap judgments, making little
threats about self-preservation ana other
little affairs, which have caused mem
bers to turn white or red in the face, do
not indicate hatred, malice, envy or un
charltableness; they are simply Oakland
esque. So say 3 President Rowe. and as
he has presided over all the delibera
tions of the City Council since it took
office he is competent to speak.
When Mr. Mott hints at silurianlsm in
regard to the opening of Washington
street, and suj?gests that some of his col
leagues are guided by sentiment more
than sense: when Mr. Cnrellier says that
some of the members are falling
on the municipal water plant proposition
and breaks his glasses as he says so:
when Mr. Stetson charges Girard with
ecaose Girard chides Stetson
for wasting the time of the Council in
trying to raise a relative's salary: when
Mr Row*'? feelings become so intense
that he does his talking without leaving
the chair; when Mr. Girard hints that
certain people have gone crazy over the
school, when all these or similar
things were done by the old Council a
name was readily found for them. But
now they are merely "friendly discus
sions" carried on in an amicable way as
at "a family gathering." Bo says M-
Rowe, and he also says that the news
papers are all wrong if they place dif
ferent constructions upon them. I
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, IN THE DOMINION OF
Canada, on las 313t day of December, A.
D. la9B. and for the year ending on that day,
i as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State cf California, pursuant to the provisions
ot sections 610 and 811 of the Political Code.
! condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
i missioner.
CAPITAL.
. Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash
ASSETS.
I Real Estate owned by Company
Loan? on Bonds and Mortgages $2),QCO 00
Cash Market Value .of all Stocks .
and Bonds owned by Company 1,263,140 la
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and ether mar-
ketable securities aa collateral
Cash in Company's Office ,-, 1« 33
Cash in Banks •- lal.w* «*>
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Miortsafea ;. - \vv ™« «-> -■»
Premiums in due Course of Collection 202.161 03
Bills receivable not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 47,30* .2
Rents due and accrued
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets ..»1.«4.i70 83
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $53,«87 84
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense » ,3 -5 54
Leases restated, including expenses... 14.M3 IS
Grogs premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. 1953. 00: _-.
reinsurance 30 per cent «. 5.815 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on year. $633.C52 S3
reinsurance pro rata ,—•• •• 143.146 v
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $30,877 21:
reinsurance 100 per cent.. ............. 50,877 n
i Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $17.236 21: reinsurance 50 per ......
cent i,«4a w
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30,3a4 23
Total Liabilities ..H.074.311 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums - V"Vy — •••• U. 380.638 51
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
•rise premiums 280,370 0*
I Received for interest on Bonds and
Montgagsa -••-.•■ J,ll« a
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and tram
all ether sources 4s, cm a
Received for Rents
Total Income ..|l.:Q9,r» 68
expenditctp.es.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses 'in-
* eluding *...- looses of pre-
vtous years) ....>....» $888,147 5o
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
: " including $ losses of pre-
vious years 240,333 a
1 Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •- 108.257 58
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks. etc U.M M
Paid for State. National and local
raxes • •••• 43.461 24
All other payments and expenditures 141.382 S«
Total Expenditures ..n.'589,905 a
Losses incurred daring the year. fire... 5847, 37S 77
L,;, , Incurred during the year, ma-
: fine - 269.305 14
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. . Premiums.
: Net amount of Risks ;
1 * written during the
Jear ..—-.-•"• ', $182,131,141 $1.73.539 25
Net amount of Risks
I * expired during the; U87.50 60
year • | W..44.57* 1.787.5W 90
■ N December 11 31. IS3°S^! 180.(W5,44g [ 1,591,713 S3
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. ; Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
%£" ... dU . ring . the i 136,174.064 PM.57123
Net amount of Risks'
expired during _ the, M3U9 -- „,„„
y &J5£gVW^ '4.13,465 8.173U
J J. KENNT. Vice President.
C. C. FOSTER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, MOND . Xotw p*^
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
MY EDNA TO MARRY
TOD SLOAN? NEVER!
0 (~\ AKLAND. Sept. 12.— Rumor having: coupled the names of Edna Wallace £
I Hopper, the actress, and Tod Sloan, the jockey. Mrs. Wallace, mother
lof Edna, made a statement to-day denying such a story. In an interview ,'
A said: 7)
C "I: is quit* true that there has been some talk regarding a union be- r
Q w«n Sloan and my daughter, but I man you It will not amount to a- -
\ thing. Why, do you know people were talking of my daughter and Sloan \
/ before Mrs. Hopper and her husband were divorced? But with my consent U
A they will never marry. A
"To be candid we are not on very good terms with Tod. Personally I V
A never approved of him and some time ago Mrs. Hopper and he had a falling A
. out, and so far as lam aware they have never been reconciled.
Q "You may judge a3 to the degree of friendship between the two w:-
X I tell you that not long ago they happened to be in Loe
L yet they did not meet That is what my daughter told me. -
* how little friendship there is between them. A
y "We do not consider the fellow as in ar.y way ad-- ' Indeed, '■<
Q it Is almost an insult to couple my daughter's name with
"Of course ■ impossible there is some under*-. i-dire '--'-veen \
, them, but I think it very unlikely, for Sloan is so far beneath Mr?. Hopper
A "When her engagement is announced, that is. if she is engae be A
< found that she has selected some one immeasureably superior to the jockey. If
My daughter is old enough to choose a husband without my consent, but I
\ will never choose that S'oan. X
"I wiah you would correct the impression that Mrs. Hopper mm this Q
A place. It is all mine and my daughter has not the slightest ownership in I:.
<r I am greatly annoyed with people who talk of my home aa the property
A ray daughter. A
S w, remember Edna Waiiace Hopper will never be Tod S! :ir.'s wife. \
Never: Never! 1 0
FERRY SUICIDE WASHED
ASHORE AT SAN PABLO
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Sept. 12.
There is no longer any mystery attached
to the identity of the young man who
jumped from the ferry boat on the even
ing of August 21. He was Andrew G.
Amland. residing at 1 Morrow place, San
Francisco.
Yesterday afternoon a body was washed
ashore north of San Pablo. It had been
in the water so long that identification
was impossible, but in the clothing was
found a card bearing the name and ad
dress given. Coroner Curry took charge
of the body and is communicating with
the deceased's relatives in San Francisco.
The floating ashore of the remains of
young Amland bears out the truth fti his
brother's surmise the day after trie sui
cide was reported. When young Amland
lumped from the steamer Oakland the
ferry boat's crew attempt to rescue
him but only succeeded in finding his
hat ' Am!and's brother Charles, fearing
that Andrew had taken his life, carefully
inspected the hat and declared it to be
that of Andrew. : V"»; ■ .
The identification of the suicide also
clears up a romantic story which orig
inated with Mr». Clarence Avery, living
on the San Leandro road. Mrs. Avery
was on the boat from which Amland
jumped, and as her husband had left her
a week previously to go East the story
was circulated that the suicide might be
Mr. Avery.
Killed by an Electric Car
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— Ronoldo Ris!.
aared fwc ar.d a half years, met a. horrible
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
British = America
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO CANADA. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1333. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and «11 of the Political Code, condensed a*
per black furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Leans en Bonds and Mortgages $10,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 398, 73
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's office
Cash In Banks 42,188 60
Interest and accrued on all
Stock 3 and Loans 9,712 51
Interest due and accrued on Bends
and Mortgages
Premiums in due course of Collec-
tion 206,083 77
BUU receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6,363 43
Total Assets $1.271.431 11
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $50,502 06
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 57.553 63
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 9,880 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $633,733 34; re-
insurance 30 per cent 317,375 67
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $4JS,3SS 53;
reinsurance pro rata 223.C96 73
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $50,433 07;
reinsurance 100 per cent 10,453 07
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $3,755 77: reinsurance 50 per
cent J. 982 S3
All other demands against the Com-
pany 60,784 M
Total Liabilities $733.431 13
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $858. 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 141,453 57
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • ■■■■ ■• ■■
Received for Interest on Bonds. '
Stocks, Leans and from all ether
sources 43.776 04
Total Inccme ..$1.0<3.!M5 32
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ losses of pre-
vious years) $545,078 67
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vious years) 117.717 90
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 193.598 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 43.032 43
Paid for State National and local
taxes 31.338 87
All other payment* and expendi- •
ture* 76,007 90
Total Expenditures $1.;i7,*25 99
Losses Incurred daring the year $476,373 36
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
written during the
year $108,120,751 ; $1.13. 63
Net amount of Risk*]
expired during the
year ~ ; 94.627.756 1.1?- 73
Net amount in force
December 31. 1333 106.710.300 1. Ml. 141 83
,Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year : $23,263,603 $203.177 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year a.503,502 113,935 21
Net amount In force
December 31. 1595...:. 1.575.154 | 38,224 34
J. J. KENNY. Vlc» President.
P. H. SIMS. Secretary.
Subscribed and swern to before me this 24th
day of January. 1339. H. D GAMBLE.
Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K-. AND WASHINGTON Sl-i.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Room*. 5Cc to $1 50 day;
$6 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free bath*: hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la every
room, elevator runa all night.
death tnls afternoon by being run over
by an electric car in front of his home on
Fourteenth street, near Cypress. The
child waa badly crushed, but lived for two
hours. Motorman Williams declares that
the accident was unavoidable.
A Soldier's Funeral
ALAMEDA. Sept. 12.— The funeral of
Corporal Hans Jacobson was held from.
Armory Hall at 1 o'clock to-day. The re
ception room, where the body lay in state
under a guard of honor, was decorated.
Chaplain Scott. U. S. A., conducted the
services, his eulogy of the dead soldier
being- very impressive. The pall-bearers
consisted of two men each from Com
panies A. F and G. At the grave in
Mountain View Cemetery the military
burial service was read, three volleys
were fired over the grave and taps
sounded.
Many Odd Fellow Soldiers.
Last evening 125 Odd Fellow soldiers
from all the regiments now at the Presidio
were the guests of Bay City Lodge, I. O.
O. F.. In the Memorial Hail of the Od«l
Fellows' building. There were present
about 250 members of the order to greet
the soldiers. There was an address of
welcome by O. I. Wise and after addresses
by prominent members of the order there
was served a collation.
Tried to End Her Life,
A prepossessing young' woman, who
gave her name as Ella Evans and her
residence at 413 Sanchez street, swallowed
half a bottle of chloroform last nijfhi: In
Jefferson Square. The woman was taken
to the Receiving- Hospital and the usual
antidotes applied. Her desire to end her
existence was due to a lover's quarreL
The doctors think that she will recover.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
sxjist
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 313?
day of December, A. D. 1533. and for tho
year ending on that day. as made to the, In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to th« provisions of Sections
810 and 811 of the Political Cede, condensed a*
, per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
ißsad of Canital Stock, paid up '
in cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $258,000 00
Loans on Bends and Mortgages laB,ooo 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond* owned by Company L 514.253 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office 471 51
Cash in Banks 170,352 S3
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23,137 12
Interest due and accrued on Bond*
and Mortgages 1,850 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 274.584 13
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 1.423 17
j Due from other Companies for Re-
i Insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets 7*4.371 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,936 43
, Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 177.353 57
Losses resisted. Including expenses 10,400 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $381,323 12;
re-insurance 50 per cent 480.70 SI
! Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,643,-
-113 27; re-Insurance pro rata 533.544 53
I Gross premiums on Marine and la-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
re-Insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine Tim*
Risks, $ : re-insurance 50 per
cent ...■■......».•■..*•■■"»*■*■*■■*»--■*
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 1,314 «I
\U other demands against the Com-
* pany 68.983 23
Total liabilities ..$1.449,334 9.3
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums . .... ....$1,573,153 la
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums : •••■■i •;
Received for interest on Bonds and . „ „
Mortgages . '■* 50 I
Received tor Interest and dividend*
I on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all ether sources 73.533 ™
; Received for rents •- 10.042 40
Total Income ..$1.673.283 43
EXPENDITURES.
KM amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $148,440 25. losses of pre-
vious years) • -- $304,543 M
Vet amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
-1 vious years) :
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or ,
Brokerage 343.534 10
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other _._..,.
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 36.344 li
Paid for State. National and local
taxe* .»..».••••■•••••••»»»••■>•■•••••■- 41.13* "'
All otner p*ym«nts and expenditures 121.103 ••
Total exr*nditure* .C so*, 110 H
! Losses Incurred during the year $931.31) 39
Risks and Premiums- IFire Risks. Premlarna.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the /ear $223,051,752 $1,354,133 00
Net amount of Risks ex- .„„,.„, , , „, _
! plred during the year.. • 222,336.701 2.124.* J 75
y £gg°g ISsfc?..^ 306.737.331 2.6C5.643 »
I J. J. GUILE. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this S4ta
day of January. 1339. p CORET
Commissioner far California in New Tort
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents Pacific Department,
OFFICE ■- - - -213-215 SAME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Man 5963.
LESLIE A. WRIGHT,
Assistant General Agent.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»-."» KE.IBXY.vr. Establish^
in 1534 for the treatment of Prtvata
Diseases, Loac Man hood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mindand
gklAJXieases. Thedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
C'u !■«■■• a:umr»nt«-<»«i. CallorwrtteL
Dr. J, *'. ««lBB4)?i. Box 1937. 5 an Franciacn.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— E27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay?%open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission Ftreet; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia -street ; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
.,.„!,,. «.^^o, c - anon until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. ■
M-D 2 THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/%-
EVENING, Sept. 13, it 7:30 o'clock. TK_«
By order of the W. M. * ~W 1
H. FORTREIDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No 166, F. and A. __
M Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-_Jk_
DAY) EVENING, September 13, at " :31) 7^/\
o'clock. First degree. 'v A
Till"". E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— __
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, First de- JLJ\
gree. C D. BUNKER. Secretary. ' *
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Ass<>- __^^_
elation— Special meeting will be held .*£'.<'"
at ha 320 Post St., WEDNESDAY, i^zL-J*
Sept. 13, at I p. m. All members are
requested to be present for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our deceased brother,
WILLIAM H. SCHROEDER By order of
the President. L. TRAUNO. Rec. Sec.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders of The Ris-
don Iron and Locomotive Works, to take into
consideration i.roposed increase of capital
stock.
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant ■to a
resolution and order of the board of directors
of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works,, a
corporation organized and existing under and
by virtue of the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, and having its office and principal place
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, in said State, unanimously adopted
at a regular meeting of said board held on
the seventh day of August, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora- ;
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
eenth Day of October, in the year one thou-
sand eight hundred and ninety-nine, at th»
hour of two o'clock in the afternoon of said
day, at the office of said corporation, which
Is at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ner of Beale and Howard streets. in said city
and county of San Francisco, the game being
the principal place of business of said corpo-
ration, and being the building where the
board of directors of said corporation usually
meets;
That the object of said meeting Is to deter-
mine whether or not the capital stock of said
corporation shall be increased from one million
dollars, divided Into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a capital stock
of one million one hundred thousand dollar?,
divided into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars each:
That the amount to which it Is proposed to
Increase the said capital stock Is one million
one hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of directors.. ,
L. R. MEAD.
Secretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive
Works.
Dated August 8. 1?99.
ACCOUNTANTS.
I?. X BALLAKD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
nd lusts accounts for corporations & firms: ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma.-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) hay«
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market st.: tel. S. nth OS.
ADVICE lree; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
CLARA FOLT2, attorney at law. Crocker
bldg. ;. tel. Black 71: practices in all courts.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Bpreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees in advance.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St., room 67; advice
free: charge low; business pushed.
NAGLK & NAG! Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE "free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. «'.'7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIKMIUJNT— StrictIv BrSt-cUaaj 1714
Market St., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room, $1 per day up; ;
cultes without board. $1 per day; single rooms,
Me; special rates by month, also to tourists.
EDDY, 608 Nicely furnished rooms and board;
private; gas; bath; running water; hot, cold.
ELLIS 80" furnished front rooms, with
go 9 board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
GEARY. 5.12— The Lnrgworth— Elegantly fur-
nished front suit; single rooms; excellent brd.
GEARY. '•',- Elegant suite, bath, front gar-
den, separate entrance; also single rooms.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard st.
VAN NESS aye., 940 — Nicely furnished rooms
and board: all modern conveniences.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— girl between 4 and Rto board in
fine old German family; best of care and
cooking. Apply between 6 and 9 p. m. at
3 Cleveland st.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board at 439
Minna st. |
WANTED — Infant to board; $10 per month. 210
Lexington ari
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
— $1200 DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
In very best location and doing a good pay-
ing business: elegantly fixed up; sell whole
or take partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 90t
Market it.
A— $3500— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
st.; rent "$35; old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit; a.ll cash custom. Inquire R.
G. iI.KK, 806 Market st.
A $750 PAPER route; call and examine. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— SI2SO— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
|60; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
sale houses and Iron foundries; place clearing
above $150 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
R. O. WILKE. (06 Market St.
A— $45OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market st. ; open day and night; no
better paying place In this city; lease. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market St.
$500— CORNER saloon, with side entrance and
clubroom; runs $60; choicest location; 1 block
from Phelan building. H. G. WILKE, 906
Market St.
$1600; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
foint; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
Ished years; full value in night; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— SSOO— CORNER saloon In the heart of city;
near Market st. old established; must be Bold
account sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— S7SO— BUTCHER shop; prosperous town of
State; 75 mile« from city; more than value;
best-class trade; hotels, restaurants and pri-
vate; worth $1500; clearing $100 monthly. M.
_.KSS. 765 Market st.
A J7.vi CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, candles, etc.; store central; north, nr.
Market; clearing $125 monthly; retiring from
business. M. LESS, IK Market st.
1200— BARBER! shop; 3 chairs; 4 rooms: rent
$17 50; must be sold; snap. LESS. 765 Market.
A— S37S— RESTAURANT: location where 1000
persons employed; meals L"V; rent $15; must
sell. STENBERG & CO., 26V4 Kearny st.
A— S7OO— BAKERY; fine location; handsome
store; 6 sunny living rooms; 3 good horses,
wagon: baking 2V4 barrels flour dally; owner
retiring. STENBERG & CO., 26^ Kearny st.
A.............-.......—. ~n» ........................
Cigar Stand
fronting popular hotel of 700 rooms. STEN-
BERG & CO.. 26^ Kearny st.
A— s3oo— SALOON, 4 fur. rms.; good chance
man and wife. KREDO & CO.. 22' i Geary st.
A— s3oo— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; 3 1 ins. ;
good bus. KRKDO & CO.. 2:'u Goary st
A- GROCERY, bar; good cor.; n. Market;
$20 to $30 day. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
BARGAINS this week. HEALY, 917 Market.
Saloon; 3 rooms; at half value $275
Grocery and bar; fine location; rooms — 225
Partner In rest, business; clears $75 each. 250
Bakery, confec. cigars, etc.; country town 500
Restaurant clearing $100 month: vicinity Mar-
ket and City Hall; best of reasons for selling.
1400— RESTAURANT doing good business, full
investigation given, good for man and wife,
same party ran it for 5 years; good country
hotel, 40 rooms
$275" branch "akery' and notion store; "EiTEL.
lOOitt Market st.
- CHAIR shop with bath and living rooms
overhead in country town for sale at a great
sacrifice, account sickness. Inquire of D.
STOLT7jI £30 Market St.
«<>nA_T>v<;TATTRANT on Market; bargain for
* 2 ma"nind wife? this day. COWING & CO..
995 Market st. ____^ [
■ES2&-ffi? : i flx o ur o. 'ITta^S.'Sa-S
now Poetoifloe building. 4
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$700— SALOON— Best location city; near Market
St.; central; fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
WOOD, coal yard: must be sold; double and
single team. 1038 Sutter st.
BARBER shop with good trade for sale or rent;
furnished complete. Box 2268, Call office.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket St.; widely known and well advertised;
steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line of business;
rare chance for active party. Communicate at
once with D. E. N., box 8203. Call office; no
agents.
FOR sale cheap— Hotel and bar In Crockett,
Cal.. fully furnished; good stock. Inquire at
117 Battery St.. San Francisco.
FINE business location, northwest corner Post
and Larkin; 1003 LarUln. living room, $17 50.
102 Eddy st.
PHILADELPHIA House, opp. California Thea-
ter, 421 Bush st. cor. of Kearny— 4B rooms;
gas. water In every room; price $800.
I FOR Horseshoeing department In black-
smith shop. Address box 23, Call Branch of-
fice, 106 Eleventh st.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
! fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
WANTED— SISO partner In chicken business;
fine chance; near city. Box "2023, Call.
Al CIGAR store for sale. Inquire at HOFF-
MAN CO., 106 Turk st.
PARTNER in a blacksmithlng and wagon-
making Imsiness. Address box 2127, Call.
CASH grocery, dally receipts, $23; rent $15; sold
at a sacrifice, owner having to leave at once.
Address box 792. Call office. Oakland.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926 Wash-
ington st.
FOR SALE— Fruit and oyster stand; very
cheap. Inquire McCLAIN'S. 1576 Market st.
i COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GKO.
W. CASWELL & C0.'5.\412 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call office.
' GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apnly Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy. W. E. SHAW, 1621 Market st.
| 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st
j ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EQAN & PON. 2117 Mission st.
j CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
! WHEN '-ou become disgusted with poor work
( send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
! beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister st. ; phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4.".3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. Sutter St.;
tel. Main. 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
: CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel, East, 126.
' CLEANING COMPOUNDS. ~T~
UTlCA~Cleanlng and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
I cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
C. STEERS, medium, -112% Oak St.; circles
Tues. 8 p. m.: Thurs.. 2 p. m. ; $25c; read- 1
Ings |l.
AT Dr. riik reopening, 33." McAllister St..
Monday, 8 p. m. ; free to all; collection; all j
tests. ' _^ I
LARKIN, 117; Wednesday, 8 p. m. sharp; Mrs. j
Briggs resumes meetings; excellent talent; 10c.
MME. LANGE. queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
ket, bet. 7th and Sth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MME HANSON, card reader and- palmist:
past, present, future; 25c. UK Sixth St.. r. 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium andi card
reader; -><■ up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission
MME. AUGUST, 114.1- Mission St.. clairvoyant,
! card reader ond palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
GYPSY life reaoer, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading; 25c up. 5 7th.
MRS .1 J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 231 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards, 2.".c; daily, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. : Sun., 7tolo p. m. 105 Larkln.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat. :2&Bp.m..lOc&2sc;Blttlngs dally.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Far-ell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
" COTTAGES TO LET.
„ •,
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath and yard; gar-
den. 121 Flfer St.. bet. Stockton and Dupoi .
FELL, 622— Sunny furnished cottage; 5 rooms;
large yard. j
TURK, 1707. near Scott— sB; neat cottage; 4 j
rooms; yard; respectable location.
BUNNY cottage, 5, 6 rooms; corner flat, 7 rms.;
bath, gas; cheap. 1876 l.'.th St.. nr. Dolores.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artlstla
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from Me;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up' flesh colored plates from $3 50 ;
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to trie gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
&nd stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 30; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT th« ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar- j
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can I
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager. |
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex- !
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- ,
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. • $4; I
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work: open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post;
S. F. dressmaking school; practical method:
also fine dresses made to order. 104 Kearny.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Bookkeeping, business practice, j
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy, \
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new EO-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts. — Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial . course— Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing. German, Spanish,
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
pchool catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business CoMege. 723 Market st, short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $60; catalogue.
— THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory echool I
for the universities, law and' medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bub. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, rr.ech. survey, assay, archi. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN. PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Leipslc; lessons, 76c. 320 Golden Gate ava,
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
Lady, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 954
Adeline st., Oakland.
SINGING, piano: Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night ; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmeticgrammar, writing;
1 day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr.Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. BUUfr 132 L
JAPANKSE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GKO. OAKI. "0 Geary st. : tel. Orant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; beat reference; city ur country. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st^
fTrST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; reference. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st. ; phone Main 6">l. _^
coMi'iTKNT second girl desires situation;
best of ref. ; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situa-
tion- understands her business; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
! SWEDISH houseglrl. good cook; excellent ref-
erences; $25. Address or telephone MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. .
{ WANTED— By a competent woman, a situation
to do general housework; one who is a good
cook; moderate wages. Apply at 560 Mission
St.; no postals.
YOI"NG German girl wishes situation to do
upstairs work; German or American family
preferred. Call at 2662 Twenty-first street,
near York.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
lirst-c-lass laundress: makes herself generally
useful; best references given. Call at 120
M'ildey St., near Steiner, bet. Bush and Pine.
I SITUATION wanted by a competent woman;
■ ! cook and housekeeper; city or country.
Address 16 Willow aye., oft Larkln st., be-
| tween Eddy and Ellis.
EXPERIENCED nurse, kind, willing; mental
or other cases, chronic preferred; prominent
I physicians' references, f Van Ness aye.;
I bone South 663. ___
I YOT'NG, strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning; $1 and car fare: dls-
! engaged Thursday. Friday. M.. 1133 Folsom.
YOUNG girl wishes position; housework or
take care of baby; sleep home. Call or ad-
dress 1156 Folsom St.. reai\
WOMAN with a child would like to do house-
work; city or country. 28 Eighth St.. Sher-
j man House, room 77.
WANTED— By a first-class German cook, a
position in private family. Address J. S.,
2?.s Twenty-seventh st.
WOMAN with child 6 years old wishes situa-
tion to do general housework or chambermaid,
city or country. Address S2B Howard st.
a COMPETENT woman wishes a situation as
a good cook or will do housekeeping; willing
and obliging. Call 227 Hayes St.
LADY desires position at chamber work. Call
i at 32f. Minna st., room 6.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes a situa-
tion. Ilox 2'« V.. Cnll office.
GIRL would like to take care of child; wages
|lfi. Call or address 632 Elizabeth st.
WOMAN wants a position In small family to
do housework. 7SO Chestnut st.
I NEAT Danish girl wishes situation In private
family. 207 Montgomery aye.
LADY wants small room In private family:
will give light services and sew evenings fur
same. Address E. L.. 716 Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, thoroughly com-
petent, wlshps engagements in families. Ad-
H box 721."!, Ch.ll office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLABS American woman wishes situa-
tion in the country; housework or sewing.
Address box 4710. < 'all.
WANTED — Work by the day washing and
h.nsecleaning. Address Grocery, 1543 E<ldy st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework In Catholic family; wages $25. 7
Van Ness aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 2."c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH of rice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
____i______________________-_______
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. : tel. East 42?.
MAN used to carpenters' tools, gas engines and
other work wants steady Job; suit an insti-
tution or business place. Address box 32fi6,
Call. _^___
SITUATION by flrst-claas gardener (German);
experienced In all branches; best of refer-
ences- city or country. Address A. M., box j
MM, Cnll office.
YOUNG man with years of experience around
horses wishes a position with some private
family to do chores, etc.; flrst-clnss refer-
eni e S ." Box 2003. CalK^
SITUATION wanted by young single man to
drive milk baker or laundry wagon. Ad-
dress W6H Market st.
YOUNG man wants position driving wagon for
wholesale liquor house; thoroughly acquaint-
ed with city streets. Box 2264, Call office.
JAPANESE wishes work cleaning house by!
day. week or month. Address SASAKI, 523 j
Jessie st. I
Position wanted by young man (Canadian): j
large experience as general manager and \
organizer; have mnnag»d successfully large
street railways, also electrical manufactur- j
ing corporation and mines; energetic and
reliable; highest references; can supply work-
Ing modern plans for electrical apparatus.
Box 3211. Call.
X*OUNQ Frenchman, lately from Paris, speaks
English, wants employment ai> a butler; pri-
vate family or hotel; good references. Apply
c A STIES A., New Western Hotel.
SITUATION wanted Active elderly man;
ranch OOOk, hotel work; elty or country. Ad-
dress 158 New Montgomery st.
HANDY young man wants work at anything.
H. MACDI.'FF. 158 New Montgomery St.;
telephone ]3."6.
WANTED — Position by a young American
gardener; country preferred. Address Call,
box 2008^
COMPETENT soda and mineral water bottler;
can do repairing also. Address box 2040, Call.
AN honest young man, U yearx. would like
work out of school hours. Box 2037. Call.
DRUG'IIST; position as clerk, city or coun-
try; reference given. Box 2036. Call.
WANTED— Work by young man: window,
housecleaning or other work. HENRY AN-
DERSEN, 952 Bush St., tel. East 963.
WANT situation: steward or manager In small
house, with references; wide experience; good
reputation; great ability; sober and econom-
ical; capable to fill any vacancy In the house;
will go anywhere. GEO. STALL, New York
Exchange, San Jose.
SITUATION wanted by flrßt-dass coatmaker.
Address SIMON DALALIAN. Fresno. Cal.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencln st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071'^ Market St., San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A 4- ROOM flat; 128 O'Farrell st., cor. Powell,
nr. the Orpheum; $12. Apply 15 Grant aye.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
FINE sunny flat; three large rooms and bath;
latest Improvements; key 713 Grove st.
FLAT— 3 sunny rooms. 2223H Geary St.; rent
reasonable.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELt,
10 Montgomery st.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 1445 McAllister.
TWO flats, 5 and 6 rooms and yard; $18 and
$20. 3570 Seventeenth St., near Guerrero.
UPPER flat of 6 sunny rooms and bath. 117
Perry St., bet. Third and Fourth.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st.
$20— LOWER flat, 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
elnk 2 mantels, pantry, yard. 2105 Jones st.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; S and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. IS3R-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
Bunny yard. 11l Fell st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 50c; linen warp matting, 16c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st.
OFFICE furniture; cheap: carpet, chalrß,
tables, etc. 26 Montgomery St., rooms 17-18.
FURNITURE of an 8-room flat for sale; no
agents. Call between 11 and 3, 7 Hyde st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furnlture.etc: highest
price paid; postal. M. Silverstein, 1121 Market.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
FURRIER*. FUKS, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan toques, $10 to
$30. RQBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny; top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
WANTED— Soliciting agent with ability and
good address to negotiate sales; terms profit-
able to the right party. Address Energy,
box 3257, Call office. .
RELIABLE agents wanted. National Mutual
Maturity Co., room 209, Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. _^ •
HELP WANTED —
SCANDINAVIAN housekeeper, $20; housekeep-
er, country, $15; boarding-house cook, $2o;
housegirl, ■ Oakland, $25; cook, German style,
family of 3, good place; cook, $30; second girl,
$15; nurse girl, $25; houseglrl. 2 In family, $20;
housegirl, 3 in family, $25; middle-aged
woman Tor housework, $20; young girl to as-
sist. $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN A CO.. PHONE GRANT 185."
Head waitress, $25, and 2 waitresses for cafe,
south, fare here; 2 waitresses, Dunsmulr. $20,
fare here; 2 waitresses, Fresno, $23, fare here;
12 waitresses, different country hotels, $20; 3
waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
$20, city; women cooks, $30 and $35; 2 cham-
bermaids, $15: mother and daughter, hotel,
$35; 4 restaurant waitresses, $6; 2 lunch and |
. dinner waitresses, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
25 girls for cooking and general housework, 15
to $25; 2 second girls $20; r.urse girl, $15.
■ __ C. R. HANSEN A.- CO.. 1"4 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, city hotel, $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 828 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Menlo Park, $25; Raymond,
$20. free fare; Alameda, $20: Oakland, $20;
Belvedere. $20; San Rafael, $23, and several
other towns; a number of housework girls,
city, $25, $20 and $15; 10 young girls to assist,
$10 to $15: 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country, $20 and $2".; 4 second girls,
$20 and $25 each. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter st.
WANTED— working housekeeper, $15;
4 German and Scandinavian cooks, $30;
French and German second girls, $25; nurses,
$20; 10 waitresses for city and country. $20 and
$6 a week; dressmaker and some chamber-
work, $25; cook on farm, $30; girls for house-
work for Oakland, $25; Palo Alto, $25, any
many other surrounding towns: 40 girls for
housework in city, $20 and $25; 15 young girls
to assist housework. $15. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SECOND laundress, $20 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child. 1% years old; $20; Santa Crus.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter sC
BY a wholesale firm employing a number of j
office women, a young woman residing In this
city to act as clerk; must have had a high
record in her classes at school In deportment,
arithmetic and penmanship. Address in ink.
In own handwriting, with few columns of
numerals, "Employment," box 2007. Call.
WANTED— OId and reliable firm requires serv-
ices of Intelligent lady; $15 per week; easy
work, short hours. Address Dept. H, Globe
I Co., 723 Chetnut St., Philadelphia. Pa.
GIRL wanted for general housework; no wash-
ing; wages $10 per month. Forenoon, 644
Minna ft.
WANTED— cook and housework
girl; German or Swedish preferred; good
wages. 1417 Geary st.
I YOUNG girl to work continuously every morn-
ing three hours; $6 per month. Apply at
1658 Grove St., between 8 and 10.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework; 3 in family; wages $20. 9 to 11 I
a. m., 1618 California st. j
REFINED girl: good home; care of children,
assist upstairs. Call 9 to 2 o'clock, 2201 Brod-
erick st., cor. Washington; references.
A GIRL or woman, assist with housework and
care of children, at San Rafael. Call room
23, Murphy building, bet. 12 and 1 to-day.
WANTED— Young woman to do housework and
assist with children; wages $20 a month; ap-
ply between 8 and 9 a. m. 814 Turk st.
STRONG girl for general housework In Jewish
family; must be a good cook; wages $20. 417
central aye., near Hayes st.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work. I
' 1175 A Market st. ■
FIRST-CLASS sales ladies wanted at A.
CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny st.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION,- Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and - vests,
i BELASCO A- HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
OPERATORS on body machine. U. S. LAUN-
DRY, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WANTED— GirI with experience In sewing in
i an upholstery store. 2306 Fillmore st. :
EXPERIENCED waitress for restaurant; $6
per week. 406 McAllister St.
GIRL to assist in the care of 2 little girls; $10
to $12. 2217 Octavla St., corner Jackson.
WANTED — A girl with references for chamber- I
work, watting and sewing. Apply 1224 Geary.
TAILORESS wanted on military pants. 1273
Ellis at.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 8 Grant
aye., ur>stalrs.
GIRL or woman; light housework. 732 Fulton
[ street.
A YOUNG girl apprentice to learn hairdress- |
ing trade. B. STROZYNSKI, 24 Geary St.
FIRST-CLASS braiders wanted at SCHIM-
MEL A STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st.
MAKER and apprentice wanted at •'Selma'"
Milliner, 687 Geary st.
GIRL to Bet :■ ■:••• 316 California St., room
20.
GIRL wanted to do light housework; sleep at
home preferred; wages $12. 1.113 Mission st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; $8. Apply
1424% Jackson st.
WANTED— Chambermaid at Park Hotel. 1830
Halght st.
WANTED— Chambermaid. Falrmount Hotel,
Market and Fell stH.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants and coats;
good wages. 541 Market St. » •
WANTED— Four ladles who want to make $12
week. Call 472% Thirteenth St., Oakland. .
WANTED— GirI to set body type. Hayes Val-
ley Printing A Stationery Co., 310 Hayes st.
.
______ ■
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD., Brannan
■t.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD., Brannan St., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32% Fremont St.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
AN apprentice with experience on custom
coats; good pay while learning. CHICAGO •
CLOCK CO.. 1814 Market st.
WANTED— for general housework; no
washing; good cook; 2 In family. C.ill at 418
Lombard st., bet. 8 a. m. and 4 p. m.
WANTED— help at National Laundry.
411 Sanchez st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; cooking and gen-
eral housework; wages $20. 719 Scott st.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking. 1046
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— young girl to care for child; sleep >
home; $10. Apply 417 Larkln st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; refer-
ences required; wages $25. 2930 Clay st. ;
GIRL for light housework; good home. Call
between 1 and 4 p. m. 2116 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 2111 .
Geary st. 1
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard st. ;
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; steady work.
6 Eddy st., room 91.
WANTED — German-speaking girl for small ]
family; wages $20. Inquire 627 Baker st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom 1
made coats. 651 Folsom st., cor. Hawthorne.
PANTS finishers and operators on coats; good '
wages. 641 Market st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at "■
176 San- Jose aye. ■ .
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. 5% Kearny i
St., " room 18. :£&
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at:JO96 Va-
lencia st. . , ,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. .16 pages, sent to any address In the .
United States or Canada one- year for $1, <
postage paid. s'.v. j
. HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY A READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
34 two-horse teamsters, free fare $2 25 day
25 four-horse teamsters, fare $130 $60
35 laborers, fare 60c, manufacturing C 0... .580
38 laborers, fare 50c, no experience $60
» 25 drillers and hammersmen, free fare
.....$3 and $2 75 day
4 laborers, private, fare 20c **>°
12 laborers to go north $63
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 686 Clay St.
STONEMASONS—
14 stone and concrete masons, $3 50 day; 9
laborers, same Job, no : experience. 160; slate
splitters, block makers; 7 stablemen, city and
country, $80, $25 and found, $40. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
35 two-horse teamsters, $2 and $1 75 day. $40
and $26 and found
25 laborers $2 and $1 75 day $30 and found
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKERS .- LAUNDRY
5 laundry men $35, $30, $25 and found
2 first hands 7 second, 6 third hand bakers
and boys to learn trade, $40, $35, $30, $25, $20,
$15, $10 and found. MURRAY A READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPT READ THESE
34 cooks $55, $50, $45, $35, $30. $25 and found
27 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
65 dishwashers $30. $25, $20, $15 and found
3 pantrymen and 6 porters, 5 bell and elevator
boys. $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found
Broilers, second and third cooks, cooks and ;
wives. Above Jobs are for hotels, restaurants,
saloons, institutions, mines, camps, ranches,
etc. COME AND SEE.
MURRAY A READY, 634. and 636 Clay St.
ARE YOU MARRIED?...
Cook and wife, both for a ranch kitchen, $50.
fare $1 50, see boss at our office
Man as waiter, wife as chambermaid for a
country hotel.. $40 and found
2 cooks and wives, country hotels
$40 ami $50 and found
Man In wine cellar, wife wait at table, of a
vineyard, Sonoma County $40 and found
3 farmers and wives, fare 7">c, $1 40, $1 10 and
$40 and found i
2 milkers and wives, $35 and found; gardener
end wife
Man as cook, wife as chambermaid, hotel.. sso
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
To THE MINES
9 miners, gold mine. $75
35 laborers (no experience), fare $1 50 $60
25 laborers (no experience), $57 and $C 3
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
, IN WINE CELLARS
4 men to work In wine cellars. .s2s and found
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WE PAY YOUR FARES... TO-DAY WE SHIP
To 37 sawmills and woods In California
184 men for different positions (no experience
required) $26 to $40 and found
Also Lumber pliers, tree fellers
Crosscut sawyers, Jack screwers
Setter for mill, shingle bolt makers
Lathers, 650 other different Jobs.. Also
woodchoppers and tiemakers by the hundreds,
$90, $80, $75 $70. $60, $55, $40, $30 and found,
$2 50, $2, $1 75, $1 cord, 12c each. MURRAY
A READY, 634-636 Clay St.
FREE... DO YOU WANT RAILROAD WORK?
Drillers, laborers, stone masons, concrete
masons, teamsters, hammersmen, section la-
borers, etc. ; wages from $3 50 day.
REMEMBER
We ship you free to every railroad but one,
from the peaks of Shasta Mountains to the
bay of Santa Barbara, from San Francisco on
the west to Nevada on the east.
WE SHIP MURRAY & READY,
YOU FREE 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
7 carpenters, 8 hours' work, free fare, about
14 miles from San Francisco, 9 months' Job,
$3 day; 12 blacksmiths for shops, ranches,
etc., $3 day. $40 and found: also 5 helpers,
$40 MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
MECHANICAL HELP ~T7
harness maker machinist
2 carriage painters mill bench hand
wood turner coopers for winery
upholsterer, cabinet makers, band sawyers,
above help wages are $5, $4. $3 50. $3. $2 50
day. MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
$30 AND FOUND FRUIT AND GRAPE
PICKERS $30 and found
623 men and boys to pick fruits, grapes, etc.,
anybody will do; work In drying and pack-
Ing houses located in every county north of
Shasta County to south of Tulare County,
north of Sonoma County to south of Santa
Clara County, and all Intermediate towns,
etc., $30 per month and found; coma and see
us. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
INTO FRESNO. LOS ANGELES AND MA-
DERA DISTRICTS
65 teamsters and laborers, free fare, $2 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMS. DAIRIES, HARVEST AND HAY
BALING
S3 farm hands, steady Jobs
$35, $10, $26 and found
12 milker? $30 and $2"' and found
$3 50 day, strong men to bale hay $3 50
26 harvest hands
$2 .-.0, $2. $1 73, $1 £0 day and found
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
26 choremen and boys for farms, factories,
dairies, manufacturing companies, stores,
learn trades
$40, $30, $26, $25. $20. $16, $10 and found and
by the day and week: stiller for winery.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 686 Clay st.
150 GRAPE PICKERS $1 and found
Large, strong boys and men to pick grapes,
no experience required, for Fresno County;
cheap fares
2 to 3 months' work. C. R. HANSEN A CO..
104 Geary St., Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages of
$1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure it from us
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men. wages $1 75 to $2 75. for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary St.
30 TEAMSTERS. $2 a day, board $4 50; 8 men
to timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 75
a day '. Free Fare
For the Valley road. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary st. "
MARKER and distributor, $40 to $50 and found,
country hotel; washer. $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary St.
NIGHT clerk and tend bar, country hotel.
$20 and found, experienced young man. C.
H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT boy, about 15, for bellboy; no experi-
ence; $7 50 and found. C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS. $4 a day; helpers. $2 25; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $60; night cook. $:,0; cook, $12
a week; 2 bell boys, $15; kitchen hands, $20
and $23, for hotels and restaurants. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
CAMP Cook. $40 to $50, free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, country hotel, $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
PORTER and tend bar, country hotel, $25, Fee
party here, fare advanced; porter and runner,
country hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— 6 cooks and wives, $35 to $65; cook
and wife for fruit orchard, $50: 2 second
cooks for rentaurant, $14 and $15 a week;
hotel cooks, $40; night cook for country. $35;
Fronch restaurant cook, $55; hotel waiter,
country. $30; restaurant waiters, $30 and $40;
second butler, $20 and found; Inside servant,
private family, $20 and found; dlsn>washers,
potwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 828 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 sheepherders, $25; machinist for
country, $2 50 day: carrlagesmlth, $4 day;
Jobbing blacksmith and shoer, $15 week:
stableman, $30; coachman, $30; 2 men and
wives for private families. $30 and $33; horse
shoer: 4 quartz miners. $2 50 day and board,
pee boss at office this forenoon; stage driver.
$20; farmers, $1 day and $30; 10 carpenters, $2
and $3 day; 200 laborers for all kinds of work,
$1 75 to $3 day; miwinlll men; tally man, $30;
hop pickers and others. J. F. CROSETT A
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Chef cook. $75; 2 good waiters, $40;
waiter, country. $30; potwasher, hotel, $30;
dishwashers, $25: laundrymnn and wife. Insti-
tution. $55; ironer, $30 to $35, etc. ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st. ■ ■
COOK. $45; second cook, $40; 3 waiters. $30;
porter, $20; pantryman. $20; bellboy, Inexperi-
enced. $7 50 and found. HOTEL GAZETTE,
26 Montgomery st.
DISHWASHER. $20; MISSES WHITMORE'S.
615 Eighth st., Oakland, between Washington
and Clay.
STEADY man satisfied with $15 to $18 per week
wanted for permanent place; light work;
must have 175 cash; experience not necessary.
1032 Market st., room 4.
MANUFACTURER wants solicitor to run cof-
fee and spice wagon must have city experi-
ence. Address box 2064, Call, stating experi-
ence and references.
GOQD permanent position awaits a first-class
traveling salesman; state experience and com-
pensation expected. Box 2263. Call.
WANTED— A young man to wait and make
himself useful. Restaurant, Sausallto ferry;
apply by noon.
BUSHELMEN wanted. Apply at 8. N. WOOD
A CO.. 718 Market St., 7:30 a. m.
WANTED — Bushelman at RAPHAEL'S, at
once. .
WANTED— 2 good barbers; steady Job. Apply
871 Market St., opp. Powell.
WANTED— Good barber; owing to other busi-
ness my shop is to rent. 252 Ellis st. -
WANTED— Barber; steady; good wages to good
man. 1073 Market st.
GOOD barber one week; $12. 855 Chester St.,
Oakland, Center station. Come to-day.
BARBERS— 2-chalr- shop; cheap: fine location;
good prices.; short hours. 503 Washington st.
tinsmith and sheet Iron •workers. TAY-
LOR. ADAMS & PRITCHARD, 14. Market.
HELP WANTED .
F^E^FA^ETrr]7r7??rrr?rrrrrrrrr?jF'REE fare
WANTED
20 men ....and strong boys
to cut tops of beets for large company near
city: good long job at $1 10 per day and board;
no experience required. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st. ' ■
WANTED— Furnaceman for quicksilver mine,
no objection to married man, $65 per month
and free house rent: 2 miners, $2 25 per day;
man to run pump and small electric plant on
a large ranch; Bheepherder. $25; farmers, la-
borers, teamsters, cooks, waiters and others;
5 laborers about mine, $26. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— By a Tampa factory making a fine
line of clear Havana cigars, a good salesman
for the Pacific Coast with established trade:
state experience, references and terms. Ad-
dress box 433. Tampa, Fla.
WANTED— A message boy. 907 Market st.
WANTED— lmmediately, at coursing Job near
Ocean View, 4 first-class finish carpenters; $3.
OPERATORS on custom coats: good wages.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
ERRAND boy; also boy with 1 year's experi-
ence on coats. 120 Sutter st., room 64.
HANDY man wanted in restaurant. 1805 Halght
street.
CANVASSER. 420 Montgomery St., room 5.
WANT grocery clerk. 725 Folsom St.; call bet.
1 and 2 p. m. '
. , »
GOOD shirt Ironer wanted; steady Job. 2318
Webster St., near Jackson; call at once.
MAN to take charge of ranch on shares; small
salary paid. Box 3227. Call.
BOY wanted, about 15, for grocery business.
1399 Geary St., cor. Octavla.
DISTRIBUTOR wanted at United States Laun-
dry Association. Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
COATMAKERS wanted. 1110 Market St.
WAITER for lunch house from 11 to 1 p. m.
115 Drumm st.
DENTIST wanted: all-around man; must be
registered in California. Box 2004, Call.
WANTED— Good boy to learn a good trade. 13
Trinity st., between Kearny and Montgomery.
WANTED— Butcher; $35 per month. Call at 6
a. m., 228 Kearny st. \
BOY over 13 to tend carpenter shop. Call be-
fore 8:30 a. m. 1732 Polk st. bring references.
WAITER. «135 Powell St.
WANTED— WaIter, first-class house; $35 (side
money).
BOY wanted. Apply 341 Hayes st.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 609 Lar-
kin st.
WANTED— Gardener who understands raising
cut flowers; chance to buy business or become
partner. JOHN POUYAL. 1211 Polk St.
10 DISCHARGED volunteers Spanish-American
war. Apply between 10 and 2. ED LYONS,
712 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers to work inside; also
a good bushelman. Apply to S. N. WOOD,
718 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS cutter wanted. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO., 718 Market st., 7:30 a. m.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO., 718 Market St.. 7:30 a. m.
GOOD coatmaker. THOMAS E. KENT, 121
Post St., room D. third floor.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work by week;
good wages, 24 Montgomery st., rooms 1-2.
WANTED— SO carpenters at Goat Island.
CAMPBELL & PETTUS.
BUTCHER boy wanted. 510 Castro st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on skirts. FRANCIS,
796 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ I ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Barkeeper. Corner Lombard and
Lyon sts.. Presidio.
TAILORS on custom coats; good pay; steady
employment. 236 Fourth St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TO Tailore — Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; position*
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook who can handle short orders,
i prepare dinner and bake bread for country
lunch counter. Address box 2243, Call office. ,
WANTED— An able bicycle repair man; must
be unmarried and furnish good references.
Address P. O. bo:: 205, San Mateo. •
FOR pensions, any claim against U. S., see
SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building,
San Francisco.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawalla.i Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent, 504-506 Davis St.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ, 534 Pacific.
GET your shoes hnlf-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
Ing, 20c to 35c; heeling, 16c up. 923 Howard st.
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- i
lencia st.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter St.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 3. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138^ Eighth St.
PENSIONS— H. ■" SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and j
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished roomis, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINc— .E rooms, liie, ?oc. 25c it night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63H Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market •♦ . below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
er t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 -noms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ;
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market, :
$27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday, |
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
MISSION. 1517— Well-broke horses; all kinds;
Just arrived from country.
FAMILY horse, buggy, harness for sale cheap
for want of use. 303 Mission st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay. |
-_- — i a — ■ ;
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE. '
iT~C DKCKER, 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
MY BEST BARGAIN .
; TO-DAY. 15- ROOM CORNER
COST $1000; PRICE $400
54 rooms; best In city 1,600
12 rooms on O'Farrell St.; large yard $375
14 rooms on Mission st.; clears $50 600
30 rooms, corner; rent $55 750
18 rooms on Turk, near. Market 650
48 rooms on Market St.; rent $75 1.800
48-room hotel In Oakland -. 2.600
SO-room house: clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy st. : must 5e11.......:.. 600
26 rooms; corner: apartment houseV 1,600
11-room house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2,200
60 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3,750
7-room flat $150; 8-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6,500
36 rooms on Market St.; clears $200 1,450 I
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE ]
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. '
$800— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely turn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE, 8 Eddy.
LIST of lodging houses from 10 to 100 rooms
sold and exchanged; money loaned at 1U per
cent. EITEL, 1008 M. Market St. _
21-ROOM house; rent $45; must sell. BA-
SILE. 3 Eddy st.
ROOMING house: nicely furnished; cen-
tral. Address box 226."). Call office.
$325— LOD#ING-HOUSEM6frooms; always fill-
ed: rent $45., Call 129 Third St..
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
HOUSE of 5 rooms. 2939 Mission st., near
Twenty-sixth; $10 per month.
HOUSE of 6 rooms; entirely renovated; base-
ment and yard. 1205 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
Ist you get from BALDWIN & IiOWELL
10 Montgomery st. - """"
R £ AR : 4 rooms and stable; SlO. Apply 2618
. AHBSIOXI Sta
■
HOUSES TO LET.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. _^______
___- HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST^Abstract of title to property on Pacific
st San Francisco. . Reward If returned to
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
LIBERAL reward for return of black and
white Esquimaux dog to GEORGE HAAS, 612
Ellis st 1 . _____
LOST— Red and white cow. GEORGE RYAN.
Twenty-eighth and Alabama sts.; tel. Blue
301; reward.
LOST— GoId ring: name on inside John Krlsha.
Return to 427 Fourth St.; reward.
LOST— Sept. 12, lady's hat; reward. Western
Delivery. 372 Natoma st.
FOUND— Cow; owner can have same by paying
expenses. Call at 3476 Twenty-second St.
LOST— Check on Wells. FarKO & Co.'s Bank
for $100. payable to C. E. Day. dated about
Aug. 26. 1599. Payment is ordered stopped.
Finder please return to J. H. DAY, 327 Mar-
ket st., and receive reward.
FOUND— Cow; owner can have same by paying
expenses. Call Sheid's blacksmith shop. 4610
Mission st. - -
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-786 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to J
and 7 to 9 d. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tatlon free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. 6WYER. ladles 7 physician. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larklr..
MRS. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1223
Market St.. between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny St. < ■- .
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladies' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladles' physician. 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m,
EH. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases Of tha human body. 115 Mason at.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
I BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
TO FARMERS:
Any one desiring good seed wheat at reason-
able rates can have same by applying to my
address. The wheat was raised on the coast
side of San Mateo County. 1,. COBURN, Pes-
cadero, San Mateo County, Cal.
PAINTERS' falls, ladders, planks, stages, etc. ;
must be sold at once; between 6 and 7 p. m.
534 Polk st.
FOR sale— First-class '99 bicycle; apply be-
tween 6 and 7 p. m. 32 Sixth St., room 24.
ONE 1-6 H. P. alternating motor, $6: 1 roll top
oak desk, large, new, cost $70, for $45; 500
loaded shells. $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors.
850 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission st., near Ninth.
FINE thoroughbred mastiff dog for sale. 362
San Carlos aye.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes:
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
i SECOND-HAND billiard table in good order;
complete. 835 Folsom Ft.. WM. BATEMAN.
' FOR SALE— Windmill, tank and pump, or taka
a horse in trade. 1218 N st. South.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 in.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine: 15 H. P.: complete and
first-class shape. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
| DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
I DESKS, office and c^ard tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS and engines, Eecond hand: also wine
| making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. .Stevenson st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages.Jn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A pair of Belgium hares. Apply
1147 Mission st.: must have Immediately.
: WANTED — A double circular portable sawmill
! and 25 H. P. engine and boiler. Address
Postofflce box 40, Qulncy, Plumas Co., Cal.
j OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED — hire, 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
PTONF Flmhurnt.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without- re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity : see us first; ■
you will be waited upon quletlr and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market St.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without j
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6^. per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store,. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644. ■
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low ratas: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bldg.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ MONEY WANTED.
Interest paid quarterly. Inquire 635 Sutter st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8'
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains'
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BATCH of bargains in pianos:
Erard 175 00
Cornish moo
Smith & Barnes... ... ■•••-.. ToX Z
1 Steck. 1 Chlckerlng, 1 Weber"" *".*"
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st. "
TWO fine walnut second-hand Decker & Son
Pianos They are bargains you should not
miss, at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st
G M^™. B—i8 —i£ f J' I i eal Guitars" . this week at
Mauvals, .69 Market st. Get prices at once.
STEINWAY upright; must have money:
make offer. Room 21, Flood building.
A^ $85 , UPRIG T ?T piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
A - U . PR JGHTS. $G9 up; Installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis. .
W G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. ag.-nt for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
G °£?c P r\x?.e ISJ1 SJ' tora se on sale cheap for cash.
_________ STORAGE. 17 19Market st.
B_ranm§^t£;r Steinway upright cheap.
_Sf HMITZs 16 McAllister, next Hibern'* Bank.
CHEAP $telnway upright; also the famous
iiornun.; Bros.' pianos. 216 McAUliter •*•MXSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
.SOHMKR. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3C3
Post Bt.
V..\NTKl v -2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or- '
pnr.s BYRON MAI7.V. SOS Post st. . i
KNABE pianos: r..'W seal. •;' new styles.' KOH-
T.KU & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, there, old and new. ii". '
MULI.r.K. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
EMMA SFRKCKELS building 827 Market stT^ !
■•■:hl<> offices. $12 50 to $20.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEKlCGA~AßD7'pu^ri~of~Count~atr"Ger-
main. .616 Geary :■:.. above Jones; classes;
of nee hours. 1 to S p. m. : reading by mall. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER Wanted— Man or woman to lake I
charge of kitchen; none but good cook need ,
:ipply. Box 2010. Call. -
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Talented young lady and gentle-
man; leading roles tor big local production.
A>Mn»«s box 2063. Call. i
OUR leather is carved In Mexico; beautiful j
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton St. j
LEDERER'S Quintonlca is the only hair tonic
that tills nil requirements; clean, glossy hair ■
results from its use; Bsc bot. 123 Stockton st. ;
LEDERER is not only the leading hairdresser, '
but he restore? pray hair to its original color
tfor jl 50 to $5: hairdresslng 2.V; switches, $1 (
up. G. LEDERER, 12 Stockton st.
JOHN L. (ONE Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, <"al. American and Foreign
Pi»n.i for circular. Patents Solicited.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East- I
crn ■ ■••.!-■ Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad- 1
way. There you can get most anything In that
line on easy payments; open evenings. -
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester !
Hotel,' Ai Thlr.l st.. ear Market; 70fl room*; !
2Sc to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free "bus and basjgnge to and from the ferry.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nanta for suits to order. $10 75: pants, $3 75: j
§ nothing higher. One-Price. Tailoring Co., 1644
Mftrket «t., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
DRESSMAKING; party dresses a" specialty;
U. S. tailor system; very reasonable. 116
Twelfth st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at j
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st. ,
WHAT have you to exchange for course In
Spanish or singing? Box 476, Call office.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes, faces
beautiful :50c. Mrs. Butler, r. 350. Phelan bldg. >
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed :
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. j
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free. }
Drs Mansfield & Porterfleld, !*3S Market st.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker an.i Jew- j
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion: ruarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought. i
Bold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st. |
SVITP to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte, i
Jeweler, 24» O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 page?, sent to any address in the i
T'nitPil State?, postpaid, for $1 per year.
"'PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER, free treatment dally. 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St., room 6.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence, ,
1121H Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN list No. 13 now ready for mailing.
T. P. ANDREWS, 109 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— SmaII stock and' grain ranch on
shares; partly furnished. Address H., 1024 :
Sixth st. .
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & Co.
BANKS PAY 3 1-8 PER CENT INTEREST.
REAL ESTATE FOUR TIMES AS MUCH.
INVESTMENTS.
J35.000— 0n Geary st., near town: large lot,
£7:8x120; two frontages; fine Improvements.
BENTS $324 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 16 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
• $1700— $700 cash; four flats; always rented.
RENTS $354 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$.V»Vi— Two good houses of six rooms each; Al
condition; near Howard and Sixth sts.
RENTS $204 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 13 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
IlSoo— Two houses,' near Third and Harri- j
son sts.
RENTS $726 PER ANNUM.
PAYS 14 PER CENT PER ANNUM.
$.VXK)^->,-ine tenements, near Fifth and Fol-
Eon. ftp.
FLATS. ,
$3750— Tw0 new flats of five and four rooms on !
Shotwell at., in good condition; large lot. 3ux
122:6; part can be further Improved; must bo
boM immediately.
$'.250— Business property, bakery and flats;
best part of Western Addition; rent $70; 50 -foot
frontage.
JSOCO— Two modern flats on McAllister st., ten |
and six rooms; lot 25x100.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
136,000— Elegant modern corner residence, 25
room's:- built regardless of cost; must be sold
on account of departure of owner; lot_soxloo.
$2250 — Perry st., near Fourth; house of. eight
rooms and bath, stable; forced sale.
?4.'jW— Elegant modern residence near Park
Panhandle; seven rooms and bath.
- ■ • '•-
J2SO0 — Bank foreclosure; nice two-story house
of t«ven rooms nd bath; Shotwell" st., near
Twenty-third.
$€500— Bush st!. near Fillmore: elite neighbor-
hot*l ; modern house of eleven rooms and buth;
27x77:6. . .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO.. ,
638 Market Street.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS corner on Point Ix>bos aye. at a '
forced sale; 32:6x100: only $1500; all of the |
surrounding blocks graded and the lots now !
being built upon; a fine chance to build up |
a business; the only corner for sale in the !
tract; easy terms; excellent location for.
store' and flats, and will pay well; a rare
chance. W. J. GUNK. 410 Montgomery' St.
NEW HOMES i
Five, 6. 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
With' all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100 ,
to $4- )C0; .terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL- j
SON. Builder. ■ . j
FOR ]e— 4-room cottage overlooking the bay; j
24 years old, with brick foundation; large
basement suitable for rooms; $765. Inquire j
1224 Howard «t. ■ !_____ |
OK account of sickness we will sell a $1400 |
lot ixlM for $700; great bargain. GEO.
W. 11. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Market it
$32-WEBSTER7Kr«)rner McAlllster-8 sunny
corner rooms and i bathr.; a bargain. BHAIN-
A L V. BUCKBEE A- CO.. 220 Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUITE ' f fvo large front sunny rooms, kitchen
and bedroom, complete for housekeeping.
Applj at shoestore. 562 Mission St., between |
First and Second. I
A LARGE front suite; 3 rooms; unfurnished;
Western Addition; private. Box 20>>Z. all.
CLAY. 1610— Rooms for light housekeeping for
man and wife; private house; no other room-
ers. ■'•;" ' - I
FIFTH. »7— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let. ■ ' j
FIFTH. 309— New house, nicely funh-bed sunny ,
suite 3 rms.: complete for hskpg:; run. water. .
FIFTH. 322—! sunny front connecting house- !
keeping rooms; stove; bath; closet; private; |
_m. ' ' ______ I
FILLMORE, 2208 near Clay— sls; s.olean sunny j
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
GEARY, os6— Elegant BUnny parlors, piano, !
phone; other rooms; light housekeeping.
HARRISON, 735 — Four rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard, bath; $16.
HOWARD. 9iV/r- Very large sunny room; two
gentlemen, or convenient for light housekeep-
ing; private. ■ • - .-.
HOWARD, r.2s— Three rooms for housekeeping;
Bunny, yard.
1 . AN HOE, 1002 Polk. cor. Genry— Light, dean,
rur.nv; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up;ref.
j. AKK IN. 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments: furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MINNA, 342— Sunny furnished housekeeping
room* - - • r -ii-'v ■ -.;•'-* •
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
O'FARRELL. 128. corner Powell— Nice front
room, $5. Apply at 15 Grant nve. ;
SCOTT. 113—2 sunny front rooms; partly fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas; bath.
SEVENTH", 192, 'Glrard House— 1 large sunny
unfurnished room; furnished suites.
SIXTH, 136— Rooms for Ucfat housekeeping;
quiet house.'. :
THIRD, 'SIC— Housekeeping rooms; suite and
single; $1 50 to $2 50.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; also single
rooms, $1 up.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms; complete for housekeep-
ing.
THREE 1 rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping; rent reasonable. Apply 1141 Howard.
TWELFTH. 120— Suite and kitchen, nicely fur-
nlshed, large funny rooms, gas range; private
faintly;, select locality; warm belt.
TWENTY-TH1RD.3726, near Dolores— Two sun-
ny bay-window rooms, complete.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
ROOMS TO — Fnrn. and Inliirn
AHBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms, EOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription! has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT New Grand. 246 3d-200 lst-class sunnyrms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms . suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms, from $1 50 a week up.
EIGHTH, 108— Front bay-window room with
range; single : . ooms $125 up.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Lnrkln— Sunny furnished bay-
window; mantel; folding bed; ! persons.
EXCELSIOR House, 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New
niangt. ; sunny front bay- wind, rms.; trans'nt.
FULTON. 218. cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat: 3 rooms; gas range, bath; also others.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER,
BALDWIN Annex Lodgings (930 Market St.)—
Central location; entirely new management;
office suites and- single rooms at mod. prices.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAWTHORNE, 172. bet. Second and Third,
near Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable. :'---'?
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 829— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water: reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1511 A— Ray-window room: 1 or 2
gentlemen: with bath: board optional.
LARKIN, Newly and handsomely fur-
nished sunny parlor suite; also desirable sin-
gle rooms.
MINNA-, Nicely furnished rooms and
housekeeping rooms; rent cheap.
MINNA. 667. cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market—
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up; also hskpg.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms «nd
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
POWELL. ?n9. above Butter Newly furnished
rooms, with or without board; home cooking.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, S2 to $3; month. $S to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SEVENTH, 262— Nicely furnished rooms: sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — 'urnlshed and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 33. nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms: elevator: transient.
TAYLOR, 117 — Large front room, $16 a month;
also, single^, bath.
THE Mai ford <NW. cor. house. 107 Taylor and
104 Turk)— Has changed hands and been newly
furnished: has the most desirable and sunny
rooms in the city; suits and single.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy St.— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern; all conveniences.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth Sunny bay.-
win. low rooms, double or single; rent low.
THIRD. 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up. ' : •■
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished frqnt room for
man and wife: other rooms for gentlemen.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machrne supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, fold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing tit lowest rates. 205 Fourth it
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD "tenants x for $4; collections made:
.city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms r i-V" t»l r.r.jn
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay U.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
TO LEASE.
FOR RENT— Fine place for a chicken ranch;
over 4 acres"; fine house, barn, chicken houses,
pigeon yard, large brooder house, incubators,
garden, fine water, etc.; only 40 miles from
the city close to nice town; rent cheap to
good tenant. Apply to THOMAS BROWN.
Sonoma. Cal. . ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR .elegant, new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7, 8 and » rooms and bath each; first-class
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3000 to $4000; only
$SCO cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
in all parts of Alameda.
12200 — Lot 60x150; $200 cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage; in a good neighbor-
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Lot ?..'xll'.. with elegant residence of S
rooms; In fine condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3600; any terms: same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6; fine, new, modern 8-room
cottage; near" High School and station; $500
cash and $25 per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x108; with a fine modern cottage
of 6 rooms and bath: nice garden; street work
all done; near station and school; $100 cash,
balance $20 per month >. . :
$2850— 5500 rath, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath; between broad. and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250— 5500 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent: lot 40x150; elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms
and bath: on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta-
tion; best bargain In Alameda; elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houees to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park St., Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern E-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage, 6 rooms;
lots 60x150; easy terms. Apply 1518 Mozart
St.. Mastick station, Alameda. -
CHEAPEST and , best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED rooms, double or single; hot and
coM water shower baths; steam heat; tele-
phone near station; breakfast If desired;
every home comfort. 2101 Central aye.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: large
grounds: private MRS. DR. FT'NKE, 141« "th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HOU6B of 5 rooms and bath: lot 50x135;
on the sunny side of street: only 4 blocks
from University grounds and 2 blocks from
railroad. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
oNI $3500— 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 18« x
*125- near electric railroad; Just the place to
raise chickens. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. P., Berkeley. _
FOR. SALE FOR ("ASH.
A house of 4 rooms, windmill and tank; elope
to Ashby; lot 40x130; all clear; $850. 2137
pwfght way.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13. 1899.
i BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— Jl7so: a house of 6 rooms, bath and
cellar; modern; 5 minutes' from U. C. ; near
electric cars; lot r.OxlOO; this Is the cheapest
buy in Berkeley; lot alone cost $600; this
house has Just been built: $300 down and $15
a month at 7 per cent Interest. Address
Owner, 213? Dwight-way.
I FOR sale— 4-roi.m house, close to Dwight way:
I $1190. Address Owner. 2137 Dwight way.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FURNISHED new Gothic Queen Anne
style bouse, C rooms and basement room and
attic; everything the latest style and finish;
seeing is believing; call early; owner la retir-
ing from housekeeping; property chean at
$■>:.*'■. J. S. .MYERS. ]""? Hroadway, Oakland.
OAKI.VM) IIKMTIRE FOR i 4LE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture denier. 11th' and Franklin. Oakland
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 71 (25c per
! share* of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
I Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, :.^T Market St., on and after
Wednesday, September 20, 1899, Transfer
1. .. ks will close on Thursday, September 14,
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. 11 SHELDON, Secretary.
HI\IDEND N Hep Dividend No. 1 (25c per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the
company. 827 Market streot, on or after Fri-
day. September luth, 1899. Transfer books
will close on Friday, September Sth, 1599, at
3 o'clock p. m.
: E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE, JAMES O'BRIEN and MARIA A.
O'BRIEN, hereby certify: That we have this
day formed a co-partnership for the transac-
tion of a general dry goods business In the
State of California. That the principal place
of business of said co-partnership Is and
shall be situated In the city and county of 1
San Francisco, State of California. That the •
full names of all of the members of such co-
partnership and their places of residence are I
as follows:
JAMES O'BRIEN, residing In the city and
county of San Franc4sco, State of California,
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, residing in said
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California.
Dated August 11, 1599.
JAMES O'BRIEN.
MARIA A. O'BRIEN.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco— bs.
On this 11th day of August. In the year
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
nine, before me, JOHN' P. CASHIN, a Notary
Public in and for the said city and county,
residing therein, duly commissioned and :
sworn, personally appeared JAMES O'BRIEN !
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, known to me to
be the persons whose names are subscribed
to the within instrument, and acknowledged
that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal at my office
in the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year In this certificate first above
written. [Seal] JOHN P. CASHIN.
Notary Public, in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
NOTICE to creditors— of HENRY GIB-
SON, deceased. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned. JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE, ad-
ministrator of the estate of HENRY GIB-
BON, deceased, to the creditors of, and all j
persons having claims against the said de- I
ceased to exhibit them with the necessary !
vouchers, within four (4) months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said JOHN
A DRINKHOUSE, administrator as afore-
said, at his offices. No. .402 Montgomery |
; street. In the city and county of San Fran-
I cisco, State of California, the same being his
place for the transaction of the business of
the said estate in the said city and county
of San Francisco. State of California.
JOHN A DRI.VKHOUSE. administrator of
the estate of HENRY GIBSON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August 30, 1&99.
A. RUEF, att'rney for administrator, 402
Montgomery street.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for tools, materials, scientific in-
struments, books and office furniture for the
United States refrigerating and ice-making
plant, Manila, P. I.— Office of the officer In
charge, room 507. Pullman building. Chicago. i
111.. September 7. ISM. Seal.-.! proposals In
triplicate for furnishing an.] delivering above •
articles in sc<»clnril unantlties will be re- '
ceived here until 3 o'clock p. m., September
29, 1899. Bidders will quote prices for deliv-
ery at place of manufacture at Chicago, 111.,
and at San Francisco, Cal. For Information
and list" of material to be furnished apply j
at the office of the Depot Quartermaster, San [
Francisco, Cal. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked "Proposals for Tools
and Materials for IT. S. Refrigerating and Ice- \
making Plant. Manila. P. 1.," addressed to 1
MAJOR LEON S. ROUDIEZ, Q. M.". U. B. '
V., and should be mailed In San Francisco I
nof later than Saturday evening, September |
23. iv»». " -*
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
1 Marshall N. Damon and Ne-llte R. Fav0r... 35-3.">
Edwin F. I 'aldington and Cora H. Stoner.. 29-25
Andreas MotS and A.Hie F. Portevus 35-26
C M. Woolenberg and Romllda Judell 26-24
George Monro and Elizabeth G. McKerj 27-26
1 Andrew Andersen and Gustava Peder_en..42-16 I
J. A Folger snd Clara E. Cunningham 36-33
; W. B. McDougair ami Alice K. Barry.... 3'< -:"<
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed ;
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BALZER— In this city. September 10, 1990, to
the wife of Peter I'.alzer. a daughter.
GREENBERG— In this city. September 7, 189 D. |
to the wife of Sam C. Greenberg-, a Son.
HARRIS— In this city, September .'. 1593, to the
wife of M. L. Harris, a daughter.
HAPP— In Oakland, September 12, 1599, to the
wife of Morris Happ, a daughter.
LAPS— Santa Clara. September 11. 1899, to
j the wife of F. N. Lass, a daughter.
I SAMUELS— In this city, August 28, 1899, to the
wife of Samuel R. Samuels, a daughter.
WOSBER— In this city, September 9, 1699, to the
wife of R. S. Wosser. a son. _•
MARRIED.
CAMPBELL— NASH— At St. Paul's Church,
Oakland, September 12. 1599, by the Rev. Rob-
ert Ritchie, G. Lindsay Campbell of San
Francisco and Lillian A. Nash of Seattle.
DAMON— FAVOR— In this city, September 12. j
1899, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D:,
Marshall M. Damon of San Francisco and '
! Mrs. Nellie Rand Favor of Oakland.
WEMPLE— HOLLAND— In this city, September i
12. 1899, by Rev. W. H. Van Vltet, Arlo E. |
Wemple of Wllford and Emma Lindsay Hol-
land at San Francisco. .:•'!
" died!
Allen, Francis E. McCoy, Tessle
Anderson. Ingrld Martinez, Gusto
Blum, Jeannette Murphy, Patrick
Conradl. Elsa S. Royle, Willliam
Daly, Catherine Ryer, Chris B.
DavJason, David B. Schroeder, Captain
Duperu. William A. William H.
Ferrari. Robert Schwartz, Clara
Fieblg. Charles Sullivan, Hannah
Gale, Mrs. ' Lydla A. Umland, Andrew Q.
Grosi>kopf, Catharlna Valles, John E.
McCarthy, Gertrude , Woodworth, Lydla
McCollam, Christy A.
ALLEN— In this city, September 12, 1899, Fran-
cis Ethen, idolized child of Elizabeth and
John Allen, a native of San Francisco, aged
i S years.
ANDERSON— In this city, September .' 12, 1599,
Ingrld Anderson, beloved wife of Oluf Ander--
I son, and beloved mother of . Mary, William, |
I Jennie and Olga Anderson, a native of Nor- !
way, aged 47 years 3 months and II days.
' BLUM— In this city, September 11, 1899. Jean- .
n°tte, beloved wife of Lfeon Blum, and mother ■
I of Maurice, Isidore, Albert and Helen 'Blum,
i a native of Alsace, aged 47 years 3 months
and 28 days. .-'.t" : '. -. -
C7FrlendB and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral this day 1
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 122 C Post street. Interment Home
! of Peace Cemetery, by special train from
I Third nnd Townsend streets at 10:50 o'clock.
1 CONRADI— In this city, September' 10, 1599 i
Elsa S., beloved and only daughter of Emma i
1 and the late William Conradl, a native of San ;
Francisco, aE d "23 years and i months.
(CyThe funeral services will be held ;
this day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at the
1 family residence, 2907 Clay street. Interment
j private. ,
! DALY— In this city. September 12, 1899, Cath-
! erine Daly, beloved sister of Cornelius Daly.
> and aunt of John Joseph- and Katie Daly, a
I native of Mlllatreet, County Cork, Ireland,
I aged 50 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
'Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from St. Mary's I
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher). '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite. Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
McAUCV' &. CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market St.. between &th and 9th. J
Telephone South 247. " • ' I
Hospital, thence to the Chapel of the Pas- |
sion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where I
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of, her soul t commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,' by
electric funeral car from First and Harrison
"streets.' • ■.••'•'■■ : . .' i .
DAVIDSON-^ln San Rafael, September 12, 1599;
David B. Davidson, a native of New York,
aged 05 years and 4 months.
DUPERU— In this city, September 11, 1899, Wil-
liam A., beloved husband of Matilda F. Du-
peru, and father of William A. and Cornelia
A. Duperu, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 56
years 8 months and 10 days. .'.-•.;-
ITTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 ' o'clock, from his late |
residence, 122S Golden Gate avenue. . Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. '
M. E. B. A. No. 35— Notice: Please attend the i
funeral of our late Brother Duperu this day
Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the read-
ing rooms. ED MURPHY, President. !
J. J. SEAREY. Secretary.
FERRARI— In this city, September 12. 1599.
Robert, beloved son of Emile and Mary Fer-
rari, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
and 9 months.
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 201 University street. Interment Holy
Cr6ss Cemetery. ;:-Vv
| FIEBIG— this city, September 12, 1899,
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Louisa
Flebig, and father of Minnie Fieblg, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 34 years.
lE?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 6S><i Chesley street, off Harrison, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
GALE— In this) city, September 12, 1899, Mrs. I
Lydia A. Gale, widow of the late J. W. Gale, |
beloved mother of John W., James. Milton ■
and Annie Gale, Mrs. W. B. Walkuu and
Mrs. John Cullen, and beloved sister of Hon.
Robert Howe, a native of New York, aged i
71 years.
CCP"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday, at 10 o'clock Irom the Church
of the Advent. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
GROSSKOPF— In this city, September 12, 1899,
Catharlna Orosskopf, dearly beloved wife of
Joseph Grosskopf, loving mother of Albert,
Joseph Jr., Julia, Frank and Matilda Gross-
kopf, beloved daughter of Barbara Gamma,
and sister of Frank and Antone Gamma and
Mrs. Alois Hummell. a native of Wassen.
Canton l"rl, ■ Switzerland, aged 32 years 6
months and 10 days. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis and Christllche Mutter
Vereln.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
j September 15. at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
! dence, 2.'A Vandewater street, off Powell, be-
tween Bay and Francisco, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden ! Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
', MCCARTHY— In this city, September 11. 1899,
Gertrude Eleanor, beloved wife of Samuel S.
McCarthy, and daughter of Patrick and Eliza-
beth Slater, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, „ between Howard and
Folsom. where services will he held. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McCOLLAM— In this city, September 11. 1899,
Christy A., wife of the late Thomas W. Mc-
i Collam, and mother of Miss Christy A. Me-
Collam. Mrs. George Tasheira, Mrs. C. F.
Runyon and Mrs. James Alva Watt, a na-
tive of Pictou, Nova Scotia, aged 76 years.. -
t£?"The funeral services will be held
this clay (Wednesday.) at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence, 703 Oak street. Interment pri-
vate.
McCOT— In Bollnas. September 9. 1999. Tessle,
dearly beloved wife of Sam McCoy, daughter
! of Charley and the late Mary Matson, and
sister of Carl and Waldlmar Matson, Mrs.
Hiram Nobb and Mrs. John Steward, aged
I*, years and 4 months.
MARTINEZ— In South San Francisco, Septem-
ber 12, 1599, GisstO Martinez, a native of
: Chile, aged 92 yeVrs.
(E?-Frl<»nd<* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at I o'clock, from the parlors of
I the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
s and 10 City Hill square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
i MURPHY— In this city, September 11, 1899, Pat-
rick dearly beloved husband of Joanna Mur-
phy, and father of Mary. Frankie, Margaret
and Alfred P. Murphy, Mrs. C. M. Shore and
1 Mrs H. C Clarkson, a native of Caharagli,
County Cork. Ireland, aged 69 years 6 months
and 25 days.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 17C6 F Isom street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROYLE— In the City and County Hospital,
September 12, l *>!•!•, William Royle, a native
I of IHah.-afjfd 25 years.
RYER— In this city, September 11. 1899, Chris
B. Ryer, dearly beloved husband of Louisa
M. Ryer. and father of Walne and Mabel
Ryer and Mrs. A. Cohen, a native of Stock-
ton, aged M years.
Friends an i acquaintances are respect-
fully -Invited to attend the funeral services
tins dax (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
family residence, 511 Sanchez stpeet. near
Eighteenth. Interment at Oakdale, Cal.
SCHROEDER— In Nushagak. September 1. 1899,
Captain William H. Bchroeder, dearly beloved
husband of Carol in» Schroeder, and son-in-
law of Carsten and Emllie Urandeman. a na-
tive of Hanover. Germany, aged 45 years S
month? and 7 days. A member of Master
Mariners' Association.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2230 Fifteenth street, near Noe. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHWARTZ— In this city, September It. 1899.
Clara, beloved wife of A. Schwartz, daughter
of the late Allen and Mary Palmer, and sis-
ter of Harry H. and Fred R. Palmer, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 3t years.
C7"Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery- '
SULLIVAN— In this city, September 12. 1899.
Hannah, beloved wife of Captain Jeremiah J.
Sullivan, and mother of Acnes Sullivan, a
nntlve of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 47
years."
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. MSB Twenty-sixth street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
UMLAND— In this city, August 21. 1599, An-
drew G. Umland, dearly beloved son of Herr-
man and Hanretta Umland. and brother of
Herrman Jr., William. George, Fred. Gus-
t.-ive. Charles and Lena Umland and Mrs.
Gustave Ebel of Los Angeles, a native of
Germany, aged 23 years and 3 months. (Los
Angeles papers please copy.)
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
VAILES— In this city. September 12. 1599. John
E., beloved con of Richard and Ann Valles,
and brother of James Valle*. Mrs. Elizabeth
Parker, Mrs. E. A. 'Williams of Napa.Cal.,
and the late Lucy Valles, a native of Canada,
aged 45 years.
WOOD WORTH— In York Harbor, Me., Septem-
ber 11, 1599, Lydia Woodworth. daughter of
Commander Seltm E. Woodworth, V. S. X.,
(leceased^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ I
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Annie D. Brady to Annie Pfaff. lot on S line
of Post street, 110 E of Polk, E 30:6 by S 110;
gift.
Erwln and Lillian F. Rodolph to Frederick
Selbel, lot on W line of Octavia street, 107:6
N of Pine, N 30 by W 137:6; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Raper
J. Waters, lot on W line of Buchanan street,
82:6 S of California. S 55 by W 81:3; $5500.
Mary B. Brittan to Bertha Brlttan. lot on NE
corner of Pate and Baker streets, N 25 by E
96: IOI4; $10.
Emma V. and A. J. Ralsch to Ida 11. Morse,
lot on N line of Fell street, 81:3 E of Central
avenue (Lett), E 25 by N 100: $10.
William G. and Bertha Brittan to Mary B.
Brlttan. lot on NW corner of Frederick and
Belvedere streets, N 35 by W 95; $10.
Edward B. and Malvina Strome to Cosmos
Loan Association, lot on XV line of Hartford
street, 282 S of Eighteenth, S 22 by W 125;
BMB. ' '-'-' '"
Charles L. Barrineton to Annie T. Barring
ton (wife of William B.), lot on E line of
Castro street, 174:1 N of Market, N 25 by-E
&4:4',i SW to point, W 65.124; clft.
Estate of John G. Thoreen (by Clara J.
HagK, Thoreen. administratrix) to Michael T.
Hanlon, lot on N line of Twenty-seventh street,
370 E of Church. E 25 by N 114; $1600. .
James Jr. and Alice McDonogh to Madeline
C Brun de Survllle, lot on SW corner of
Twenty-fifth and Dolores streets, S 45 by W
101:9; $32. .0.
Joslah P. Trubody to SoDhronla I. Trubody,
lot on S line of Bush street, 167:8 E of Lar
kln E 25 by B 1X7:«; also lot on N line of
Greenwich street. 1*0:5 W of Stockton, W 22:10
by N 137:6; gift. ■ . • . . . .
Roman Catholic Achblshop of San Francisco
(a corporation sole) and P. W. Rlordan to
Simon H. Seymour, lot on NW line of Mission
street. 439 NE of Fourth, NE 6 by NW 84:6;
$10
L and Bertha Weil to David Well, undivided
half of lot on SW comer of Point Lobos and
Tenth avenues, S 100 by W 32:6: $6. ... ;
Conrad Helmke to Andrew L. Edwards, lot
on E line of Eleventh avenue, 100 S of X
street. B2sby E 120; $10. -. . .
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Stan
ley E and Jessie A. Sherwood, lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue, 250 N of O street. N 25 by E
120' $10
"chauncey J. and Sarah J. Cheney to Andrew
L ' Edwards, lot on XV line of . .inth avenue.
175 N of O street, N 75 by W 120; $10.
William and Ellen L- Smith. to J. G. James,
lot on SW line of First avenue. 150 SE of P
street. SE 41 by SW 200, block 23. Butchers'
Re«»ervatiori;< also .frame building on lot on E
line of Honduras street, between Railroad ave
nue and N street, No. 16; also frame building
on lot on E line of Honduras street, between
Railroad avenue and N street; also frame
building situated on Bank of California lands;
$10.
C. H. Crushing- Jr. to "Margaret C. Drake,
lots 19 to 21, block 15, City Land Association;
$120.
Builders' Contracts.
Wm H Taylor (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey—Al
terations and additions for a 2-story frame
building on NW corner of Sixteenth and Capp,
75x85; total, $6642. •
Emily Hartter (owner) with H A Van Fos
sen (contractor), architects same — All work ex
cept plumbing, painting, mantels, gas fixtures,
electric work, heater and shades for a 2-story
frame building with partly finished basement
ami attic on E line of Stelner, 82:6 8 of Fulton.
B 27:6 by E 110, Western Addition 366; total,
$5040.
E F Preston (owner) with W T Veltch &
Bro. (contractors), architect none— Alterations
and repairs to a frame building on NW line of
Fillmore ana California.- 21«9 to 2118 Fillmore;
total, $5127 50.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W X Veale & w. Brtw J White, Portland
G Arker, S Bernardino W C Holman. Portlnd
E E Fithian, lone : M Goldsmith, Stocktn
A M Ferris & w, San Miss Marston. Minn
Diego T Hubbard, w & d.San
0 B Peasley, Nashvlle /use
W T Parker Los Ang G Andrews & w, Prtld
F E Livei good, Chgo Mrs C R'dgers.Juneau
H F. Rooklldge. Chgo S G Lawton. Cal
C M Beason, Ogden ;C O Wilcox. Oil City
H S Hlgglns, steamer Miss N Harward, C'al
Sheridan E D Home. Cal
E T Williams. Sacto ! Robt Home. Cal
R H Cowles. WadswrtjMJss L Home, Cal
R C Warner, S D jR Walker. London
Zi J Ivefevre. I, Gatos IT H Thatcher. Parral
3 Clark. Gilroy G E Griswold, Chlcgo
J A Kane, Pocatello T F Snelson, S Bernrd
G Stevenson, Sacto L B Bean. Redlands
II A Borrow, Vacavlle C B .Illlson. Hornbk
Miss Swank, S Cruz J Coughlan &w, NevC
Dr N Green, Watsonvl H Q Brown Ariz
A Ekman, Oroville G B Neely, N V
T C Snider, Broderick C R Holcomb. Portlnd
W O Russell, Davis D L Smith, Davisvlll-
E M Hoen, Sacto XV C Stevens. Los Ang
P Berryman, Cal Mrs G 8 Easterrly & d,
R C Mayeß, lone 1 Albuquerque, N Mcx
S Henry, Fresno P Orlenn, Pasadena
E M Carr, Pinole J Hestwood, San Jose
C X Cadman, Pinole B E Burns, Mt View
J A Black. Chicago J H Wright, S Diego
S R Crooks & w, S Rs J Collins & w, Capitla
G Campbell & w, Cal L O Ostad, Worthing
W N Coyle, Randsbrg A Baumgart, Plymoiit
A Anderson, Suisun J H Unakett. U S N
J M Price. Hanford |J Barwlck, Denver
F E Eldred. Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
H C Perkins. Wash ,T T Williams, Minn
E L Carpenter, S Lakeß Smith, Oregon
1 H Chase. Salt Lake F E H-oughton. Boston
J H Crip'ps, Salt Lake L H Bartlett, Boston
Mrs I'ripps, Sait Lake XV S Langford, Colo
H Fusenet. Lor Ang Mrs Langford. Colo
E H Drlirgs. N V ;J R de Lamar. N V
Mrs E II Drlggs, NY H A Cohen, N V
W Goodwin. I' S N Mrs W A Scott, Wis
Max Mayer, N V iMiss A .Scott. Wls
RII Henan, l/os Ang P Clagstone, N V
P L Schuman, Chcgo Mrs D Morrison, N V
G A Lung, U S N C l r Alnsworth. Ariz
H J O'Dell. U S N Mrs Alnsworth, Ariz
J D Phillips, NY F X Reele, Los Ang
F A Perine, Stanford Mrs Reele, Los Ang
Mrs Perine, Stanford C A Heggen, Ohio
D A Ray, Wash M Montzer, Grass Val
E J Crawford. S Jose Mrs Montzer, Grass V
Mrs Crawford. S Jose Mr Marsh. Sacto
G B BufTum, S I^nuls Mrs Marsh, Sacto
B S Cable, 111 lin M Jones, Los Ang
Mrs B S Cable, HI 'Miss M Jones, L Ang
Baron yon Amerevie- C E Romneel, U S N
Ben. Germany , W A Bremer, S Mateo
Baroness yon Amere-iH Pennock. N T
vlegen, Germany Mrs Pennork. N V
Mrs G A Cattleman, J W Piper. Boston
St Louis C L Aroent, < 'Mo
Baron yon Konig, St L W G Crawford. N T
Miss Porterville. *t L A J Dibble. N V
C E Odogio. Milan Mrs A J Dibble, N V
Dr G 0 Taylor. N V Miss Dibble, N V
E C Merevin. Ohio
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I W L Hoskins. Illinois
B R Llndley, San Jose C E Edwßrds. Illinois
J Andexaon. Fresno J H Bitten, Snn Jose
C Murray, Colfax ' A R Moulton, Chicago
C J Hyde, Modesto W J Martin. Chicago
W Hr.ll'lngsworth. Seat H M Yeter, Ariz
J Wood, Santa <"ruz E M Yeter. Ariz
C A Blnney & w, Cal S Coleman, Manila
J A Blßttery, N Dak H S Russell, Alaska
W B AspenwaU, NDak A J Crlgles. Alaska
\V R I'urdon. N Dak R Anderson, Alaska
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page 8.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. September It.
Btmr Australia. Houdlette, 6 days 12 hours 20
minutes fiora Honolulu.
Stmr State of California, Green, 57 hours from '
Portland, via Astoria 41 hour*.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Uragg-.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, 20 hours from Bear \
Harbor.
Br Rtmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, 105 hours
from Nanalmo.
Br stmr Olenogle, Jones, 67 hours from Ta
coma.
Br bark Ivanhoe, Harrison, 65 days from
Taltal.
Schr E-nterprtse, Bergman, 29 days from Bris
tol Bay.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, September 12.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, Pan Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Allen, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu: W H Avery-
SAILED.
Tuesday. September 12.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, cruise, In search of
derelict raft.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Westport, Peterson, .
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Allen. Hongkong and :
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Schr Alice Kimhall, Matlsen, Mendoclno.
Schr Challenger. Anderson, Seattle.
Schr Normn, Peterson, Fort Bragg.
Schr ReHnnce, Skipper, Russian Landing.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Monterey, Knudsen. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 12, 10 p m— Weather
foggy wind SW; velocity S miles.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Australia— Ser>t 6. 208 miles from
Honolulu, schr C S Holmes, from Port Gamble,
for Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Sept 12— Ship El
well, hence Aug 31.
ST MICHAEL— SaiIed Aug 18— Bark Oregon,
for Port Ludlow.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 12— Schr
Joseph Rusd, from Santa Rosalia; bark Hes
per from Kalchow; bktn Northwest, hence Au
gust 27' schr Fanny Dutard. from Ventura.
T\COMA— Arrived Sept 12— Bktn Northwest,
hence Auk 27; schr Wm Renton. from San
Pedro
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Humboldt.
bailed Sept 12— Stmr Laurada, for St Michael.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Sept 12— Stmr Navarro,
for an Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Cleone, hnc
' "PORT' LOS ANOELES-Sailed Sept 12— Stmr
Paagena, for Eureka; Ftmr Greenwood, for
EVERETT— Arrived Sept 10— Bark Ookland,
hence Aug 21.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept 12— Br ship Port
Logan, from Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Sunol, for .
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Pomona.
hence Sept 11; U S stmr Badger, from a cruise;
senr Halcyon, from Redondo.
Sailed Sept 11— Stmr Weeott, for San Fran
cisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 12— Schr John A, hnc
Sept 2. schr Mabel Gray, from Vantura.
Sailed Sect 12— U S" stmr Badger and stmr
bouth roast, f..r San Francisco.
WHATCOM— Sailed Sept 12— Schr A M Bax
ter, for San Francisco.
BRISTOL BAY -Sailed Auk 26— Bark B P
Cheney, for San Francisco.
V BNTURA— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, nence Sept n.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Columbia,
hence Bej
Sailed Sept 12 - Stmr Harry . Morse, for
Seattle.
NEW PORT- Sal led Sfpt 12— Stmr Alcatraz.
for -— .
BOWEMS LANDING— Arrived Sept 12— Schr
Nettle Sundbnrjf, hence Sept U
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER-Arrived Sept
11— Shin s p Hitchcock, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived S»pt 3- Yacht Norma.
from Tnk'ihama. Sept s— Stmr City of Puebla,
hence Aus 29,
Sailed Sept 3 -Schr Esther Buhne. for Port
Toirnwnd, Sept 4— Br stmr Carmar.thenshlr.?.
for San Diego and Fr bark S C Alien, for San
Francisco.
MAHUKON A— Arrived Aug 29— Schr Helen N '
Kimbail, from Tncoma; brig J D Spreckels, |
hf-ncr- Aub 19.
HlL(>— Sailetl Sect 2- Bktn Archer, for San ,
Frnnciscn.
KAHULUl— Arrived Sept I— Bktn John Smith,
from Newcastle, Aus.
SYDNET— Arrived Sept 8-Shlp Shenandoah,
to load for San Francisco.
Sailed Sent 12— Br stmr Aoranei. for Van
couver.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Sept 6— Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco.
ACAPIU'O-Sailed Sept 9-Btmr Colon, foi. ■
San Francisco.
TOVC.fi SANTOS-Sailod Sept 2-Schr Czar,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Aug B— Br ship i
William Tlllie, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Sept ll— Stmr Anchorta.
from Glasgow.
PLYM'irTH^Arrlved Sept 12— Stmr Penn
sylvnania, from New York, for Hamburg, via
Cherbourg.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Sept 12 — Stmr
Lahn, fr^m New York, for Bremen.
SYDNEY. NSW— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Aoran
gi, for Vancouver.
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Georgic. i
for Liverpool; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der Gi
f^.r Bremf7i. via ('hprbourg and Southampton; i
stmr Servia, fnr Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived crt 10— Stmr Brazil, i
from Hamburg.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 12-Stmr Teu- j
tnnic. from N»w York, for Liver;)rii-il.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
; s^ Steamers leave Broadway
Kjjov-- wharf, San Francisco.
I fiß^^Sfc. For Alaskan, port*. 10 n. m..
■ fgj7? i ss«sß* September 3, 8, 13, 18, 23, 28,
■ Ea\ EsE^Ksl October 8, change at Seattle.
4 BBttSßra s£l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i HtßS^-dlcßLi C). Port Town Fend. Seattle.
r^**«2^S^H Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
■ and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m. September 3. 8, 13. 18.
23 28 October 3, and every firth day thereafter;
change at Peatti. to this company's steamers •■
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. i at Tacoma to N. ,
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. i
Tor Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 1, 6. 11. it. 21. 26. October 1, and every
fl.th day therea' er.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey Pan , Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Hnrford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavinta. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, ;
Pan Pedro. East Fan Pedro (Los Angeles) and
! Newport. 9 a. m., September 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21.
| 25. 29. October 3. and every fourth day there- ,
For Pan TMetro. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Pan Luis Ohtspo). Sanf». Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m September 3. 7. 11. 1% 19. 23. 27. October 1.
and every fourth day thereafter.-
For Ensenada, Maedalena Ray, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each ,
month
For further Information obtain f> <l<?«r.
The company reserves the right tc change i
without previous notice steamers, railing date-? ,
aril hnnr* of «nlltne. * .
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). I
GOODALL. PFRKTNS & CO.. O*n. Agts..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
the S. R. & H. Co.
S DISPATCH FAST STE>3TCR3 TO
F O IR, T X., A. 3>T 33
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA DC 812 First Class Including Bert*
Irlnt. $3 Second Clas ; and Meals.
: STATE OF CALIFORNIA tails
Sept.  15, 25; Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails. .Sept. 111. TO. 30; Oct. 10, 20, 30
Short line to ■ Walla Valla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.'
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
i ■ . - : Superintendents.
~ AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping nt Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. 'Louie Sept. 20 St. Louis Oct. 11
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New Tork Oct. 4 New York Oct. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington ....Sept. 20' South wark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27) Westernland Oct. IS
Friesland Oct. 4 Kensington Oct. «.j
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
■ passage apply to
> INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
toyoTkisen KAISHi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- ;
" ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for •
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at . Hongkong with ■ steamers for
•India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of saillne.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, September 12
AMERICA MART' Friday. October 6
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
I freight and. passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. cor. First. • •
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
®BlV>fllfeßlldl Th S. S. Australia
ri&MSlßai * all? for Honolulu
■ Jar «l r ■**■■■" Wednesday, Septem-
■ ■"Ssl M ber 20. at 2 p. m.
WmtßGiiS\r\ s - s - Mar| P°sa sails
via Honolulu and
WSSm ©IKIIIIJII!1/ W Auckland for Sydney
<smeateh Wednesday, October
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first' class.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St ,
COMPAQNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. +42S>-
Sailing Every Saturday at 10 a. m. CJ®
from Pier 42, North River, foot of I ""i"'*»»*
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Sept. 16; LA
HRETAGNE. Sept. 23: LA TOT'RAINE, Sept.
30; LA NORMANDIE. Oct. 7; LA CHAM-
PAGNE, Oct. 14. First-class to Havre. $65 and
upward 6 per cent reduction en round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building), New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
ery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
. Steamer "Monttcello."
MON , Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 8:16, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thur». night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE • 800
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. ■ ,' .
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway. »
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 2UI J Street. -
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 1 W. Santa Clara Street.
-~ "-;. RAILROAD TRAVEL. --
SOTTTHEiWr PACIFIC COMTPAITtt
(PACIFIC mm.)
rralaa Irnvo nod «r« «lue to nrrlve itt
MX PRAICMt'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LEA VI — Feom AUOCBT2. 1399. — akiiivb ;
7:00 a Bcnioia, Sulatin and Sacramento 5:-l.lp
7:OOa Marjsville, CiroTllleatui Redding Tla
Woodland S:43p
7:OOa Elmira. VacaTille and Rumsey ..... S:i»Op
7j»«a Martlner, San Ramon. Vallejo, Napa, '■'
Callstoga Santa Rosa O:l.">p
SiOOa Atlantic KxpreES, OgUen and But.. »:43a
>*::i«A San .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacrameuto, riacerrllle,
MiirysTille, «."hico, Red Uluff 4«I»P
B:»Oa "Milton, Oakdalo and t-oaora 4:15p
8:30 a Tosemite Valley via Oakdale and -
Ghiaesa...'. 4:15*
9:00 a Hazards, Niks and Way Stations. II s« a.
W:OOa Mtrtiaez, Tracy, Latlirnp. Stockton. -_
- Merced and Fresno. 12: lap
. »i»»A Fresno, UakersDelil Santa Uarhara.
■ Los Angeles, Demi;:g, El Paso,
:h-':- New Orleans and East 8:45p
1 0:OO a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.";
1 1 :OOa Harwardß. Niles and Way Stations. 8:13*
IS:OOii Niles, Livprraore. Stockton-, Sacra-
mento, Mendot*. Hauford. VUalia,
Pcrterrllle 4tl»p
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stenniers »8:« Op
8:00p Haywards. NiU« and Way Stations. 0:43p
4:U(»p Martinez, Kan Ramon, Vallejo,
1 - . JPapa, CDlli^ogft. Swuta Rosa Oilßa
4>oor Benlcla, Vacaville, Sacraniento,
Woodland, Knights Landing.
Maryßvllle, Orof lOj-ISa
4iBop NUe3, Ban JoiW aud Stockton 2*l** :
<l:3Op Yoremite Sloping Car for Raymond 12:13P
O;OOpTho OwL Tracy, Ream, Bakers-
ncld, Saugu3 for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. 0:43*.
StSOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12:13p
3:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mundota, Fresno,
M0.i2.v0 end i<os Angeles Si-ISa
oi3Or Santa Fu Koiito. Allanlio Express
forMojave and East «:43p •
•IOOr Chtcaco-Sau Francinco Special, OgJen
anilKast.. 8t»0p
8:OOp Haywards. NilesardSan Jose 7:^."»A
•OiOOp Vallejo 12:13p
|7:OOp Vallejo, Port Coat» and Way Sta-
tions.. ;... 19:33p
8:«3p Oregon l^iireBs,Hacr:iT7!ento, Marys-
• Title, ReiUling, l'ortlatid, I'uget
♦ HonmlniKl Hast 8:134
; COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Junse).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
' f7r*»A Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa .
Cruz and Principal Wp.y Stations JB:O3j
8:184 Newark, Ccntemllc.Mitn Joso. Kclton,
BoulderCreek.SantaC/uzand Way
Stations...... ' Bi30»
*>tl(lp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
AlmadeD. Felton, lkmlder Creek, •
Santa Crux and I'rlndpal Way
Stations »I0:3«A
4:lSp San .lose. Glenwood aud Way Sta-
tions. ' O:2©A.
Mi ISp Felton. SanU Cruz and Way Sta-
t10n5...... />:80A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From Sir. Hi CISCO— Foot of Uarket Street (Slip 8)— •
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a. M. (1:03 *2:00 t3:03
•1:00 t5:00 »6:CDp.h.
frsmOmißD— Fcol of Bro«draj.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
_ U2:C3 •1:00 t3.-00 «3:C3- ti:CO »S:OSr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Rromltiange). / .
-• (Third and Town3ei\d -St?.) |<
•6: IOa Ocean View. South ban Francieco.. *6:30p
<*7iOOa Han Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) »Bioox
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion tot Santa Cruz.
Piicitie Grove and Principal V.'ay
Stations JB:B3F
• iOOa San .loso, Tras Piuos, Santa Crux,
Pacilio Grove. Paso Robles, Hau
l.nis Ol.isi.o, Snrf, Lompoc and
Principal Way fiiatlono 4»1Op
l«:40l San .lose itn.l Wny Stations... «:JnA
11:30 a San Jose aud Way Stations lsuOp -
•2:4»p San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park. *
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Hollister. HmiU Una. Balicii*,
Monterey ai.«l I'adllo Grore. ... »IO:3bA
i •Bs3Op Ban Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacino Grove
and Principal Way Stations •7iBop-
•4l:lspSauJo«eanil Principal Way Stations «:15a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 'StSSa
5:»0p San ami Principal Hay Stations "»:O(»a
«::tOpSan Jose ami Way Stations « : :i«»p
i fll:4r>i- San .1.-st- Way Btatimis l?:aup
A for Morning. for Afternoon. ■ ; ..-
-1 •Snii'laypicepteil J Sunday only. t itnnl:iy only.
bSaturday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday
I CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
I SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC:
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Firry. Foot o* Market St. .
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33;
! 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
; at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:0t» |
and- 11:30 p.m. ' i' ■ ■ - '
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 A. m.; 1:30, »:3\
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DAYS— 7:00, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
3:40,- 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m. .. -. :
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
; Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
I lime schedule as above. -_■ -
Leave . Arrive
! Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
: . April 16, ■
I "Week Sun- 1«99. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am j 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
I 8:30 pni| 9:30 am' Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
I 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kusa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Heald&burg;
Lytton,
Geyserville,
. 1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pia
7:30 am Hopland and j 10:25 am
I 3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
{ •:30 pm - 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4O am
and I '■■'. -, .■•-■■
| 1:10 pm s:oo>pm Glen Elhen. j 6:05 pmj 6:20 pm
', 7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
\ 8:30 pm 5:00 pm; I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
I Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
; for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land • for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, .Soda Bay,' Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porao,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavarro, Whftesboro, Albion, Little River,'
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, I'sal. Wlllitts, Laytonvijje, Cum.
rrilng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Boot la and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market et.. Chronicle bids,
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN, '
General Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalit* Ferry.
Commencing September 1. 1539. . :
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a..m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays," at 9:00 and 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, »9:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30, »4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf 1 Sundays. .
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains' marked (•) run to San Quentln. •
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *6:40, 7:55, 8:40, *10:20 j
a. m.; 12:30, 2:15. '3:40. 4:35, 5:15 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, »9:43. '10:43. "11:46
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, *3:30, »5:15. '6:00, 7:00, 10:15 5
p. m.
Trains marked (*1 run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:50, 7:55, 8:53, 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:4". 4:55, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p." m.
, .THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta ns. .
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:Oo a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stains.
1:43 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. Nl
From Jan. 28. 1899. trains will run as follows : '
South-bound. I j I North-bound..
Passen- Mixed. | ' Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday l Stations. I Sunday! ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd . Kxc'ptdj Daily.
7 -0 am 10:30 am Stockton I 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced |12:40 pm 4:13 pm.i
10:40 am 5:35 pm . Fresno [9:30 am 2:42 pm
11-38 ami 7:45 pml ' Hanford <:4oam 1:4.j pm
2 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld ] 2:00 am 11:00 am
11-59 am 6:25 pm Visalla , 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare , | d:» 0 am 1:0 a pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
- For particulars of stag.c and other connections •
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market at.,
San Francisco. [
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, : 1899. ;
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur«
' day at 5:15 p. m.. Retum'.'ag Same Even-
j ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11:20.-
SUNDAYS, .8, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m. ■.■■.' ■ -
Fare S F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Acts.. 621 Market ■*-
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.•9 ./ uw s^m BSbb IBs Bfi Bffß I>^^BB9h
Burning Scaly
Instantly Relieved by
One Application of
M _1 t f»A**t» Batho tne aff eoted parts thoroughly with Hot Watbb and Cirri-
I vl \lPil cuba Soap, to remove the crusts aqd scales, and soften the iiirUmod.
101 VlUp cracked, bleeding, or thickened cuticle.
OH Cittn « Next a PP y CrmcußA Ointment, the great 6Kln rare and purest
ZU UiutJ oi emollients, to allay itching, irritation, and mrlatnamioa. and
/% J ft! soothe and heal.
"ifl \ffln Lastl 7' tako a * ull d OBB °f Cuticitra RKnotvawT to cool and
till UlUp cleausH the blood, and expel Huston Geums.
This SIKgLk treatment affords Instant relief, permits reafand M pp. and
point* to a speedy, permanent, and economical c.ure of the moat torturing, dis-
figuring, itching*, burning, and scaly skin n-d pcnlp hauion. rashes »oil irrita-
tions, with lons of hair, when all other remedies a*d <•¥«■ the best j>h>»l< Inn* fall.
CllfC VOIID UAID UASUinO And Sllln l 'yu«l»? CuticdraJSoap. greutwt of
NaVh Tljun KAIn. H fire US Skla «•'"•">'»< a "J a«iH!'Ws»«i» ,^ w ,!i M
Unll> IUUiI l(nill) ISniSUU purest and swwetest for toilet, bath. an<l nursery.
bold throughout the «rrlC. PaiOß, The But, SI 23: or Snip, 2Se..OnrTMiirr. Me . Rmoltsmt, (L»lf •Ua)MOk
Foniß D*co akb Caut. Cos?., Boie Prop*., Sottoa. " llo» to Cun Itching <UiuDari " trea.
MURDERER HUNT
PROVES TO BE
A DEGENERATE
insane Behavior at
the Inquest.
Robert L. Hunt laughed heartily yes
terday forenoon when witnesses at the
Coroner's inquest described how he shot
and killed George Elliott and seriously
wou:. -keeper E. R. Knippen
berg on Steuart street last. Saturday.
Hunt sat in a corner of the room near
the witness stand and "enjoyed" the pro
ceedings as thqugh they were a farce got
up for his amusement. Several times he
assisted the memory of the witnesses
when they halted in their recital of the
threats made by himself, and was Quick
to prompt them, notwithstanding" the pro
tests of Coroner Hill. Thus, when one of
the witnesses was telling about Hunt hav
ing threatened to murder Mr. Simpson,
Hunt corrected him by giving the initials
as well as the name "A. M. Simpson."
When Hunt was asked whether he
wished to take the stand in his own behalf ;
he said that he did, and took the witness'
chair with cheerful alacrity as though
he were going to tell a funny story. He
declared unhesitatingly that he had done
the shooting and that the soul of Mrs.
Emily Russell had entered into possession
of him and had prompted him to do the
deed. He said that she was known as
Mrs. Delamore and that she had in his
company visited saloons up north and
drank champagne with him. He vus
proud of being obsessed by "the h>ly
spirit of the woman," as he called It, end
did not for an Instant exhibit remorse or
shame. It became apparent that Hunt
was a degenerate and that that fact bad
more to do with his insanity than s'ny
Injury that he might have received upon
the hoad by the fall of a portion of a roof
upon him several years ago, as stated by
his friends. .
Coroner Hill, suspecting this to be the
case, put a question to test Hunt on this
point, and Hunt Immediately became so
obscene in word and action that the ma
tron fled from the room in horror and the !
policeman In charge was obliged to use
force to make the murderer desist. The
Jury returned a verdict charging Hunt
with the murder of Elliott.
Hunt was arraigned in Judge Mogan's
court in the morning on the charge of
assault to murder the saloon-keeper at
1122 euart street and the case was con
tinued until Friday.
VALUABLE DOCUMENTS
PLACED ON RECORD
THE CENTRAL PACIFIC RAIL
WAY MORTGAGES FILED.
Call for SI 25.000,000 and Covers the
Lines in California, Utah and
Nevada — Huntington Buys
a Lot.
Two imporiant and valuable documents
recorded yesterday afternoon In the
Hal] of R( ire the first re
funding n ond mort
gage of th( Railway Com
pany of Utah I ral Trust Com
pany of New V.iik and tlw United States
Trust Coi :•-'■ w fork. Thi
paper Is 100, In bonds of $1000
and $■■"•< • i ! .. bearing interest ai 4 per
cent and I i ira to mi:. The
■ - ■ j,,-r
' : thirty years.
Revenue stamj -,t of $50 oon
■ • and
$12300 was pa d to tl Gov
ernment on ' ■
■ ■ ■ li '1 in
every county of California, Utah and Ne
vada w here 1 I ral Pacifl
lines, and ove: $2 ■ " ; ha - been paid o I
recorj cone mortgage
A»OKS !
IN
THREE
MINUTES
M I Wk «I»pA m» I
covers ail the land grants owned by the
corporation not specified In the first mort
gage.
A deed was also placed on record where
in Drury Melone and Ills wife convey to
Collis P. Huntington a 95-foot lot on the
corner of Fourteenth street and Julian
avenue. The consideration mentioned la
$10,000. The lot will be used In conjunc
tion with the Railroad Hospital recently
erected on the site adjoining.
■♦■ • ■
ROSENGERE'S DEMAND
Makes Another Application for a
Complaint Against the Union
Iron Works.
Secretary Rosenberg of the Foderate-1
rradi s Council oa-Ut-d yesterday upon As
sistant United States Attorney Banning
SEARCHING FOR THE DERELICT LOG RAFT.
and renewed his wemanci ror a compiami
itnd a warrant for the arrest of the man
agers of the Union Iron on a
! charge of violating the Federal eight-hour
I law by working more than eight hours per
day upon the Government transports get
ting them ready to carry soldiers and
supplies to Manila. Banning asked
I whether Rosenberg was -willing to swear
that the law had been violated since Ban
ning had written to the Union Iron Works
people with regard to the subject, and
whether he would swear that the work
was not one of emergency.
It appeared to Banning that the fitting
out of transports in time of w;ir *was a
matter of emergency, and that being the
case a prosecution would not hold.
Rosenberg left after promising to maite
the necessary investigation.
INTEREST IN LOCAL
POLITICS REVIVING
REPUBLICANS TALK OF SIDNEY
M. SMITH FOR MAYOR.
W. G. Doane Would Not Decline the
Nomination for Auditor — Demo
crats Are on Still Hunt for
Supervisors.
Among delegates to the Republican local
convention there is a good deal of talk
in favor of nominating for Mayor Sidney
M. Smith, president of the Cutting Paok-
Ing Company. Delegates who are advo
g his election assert that his ability
is unquestioned, that his character is
without a blemish and that his knowledge
of San Francisco affairs cannot be dis
puted.
Night before last the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District delegation of the Repub
lican convention held a meeting. The
■ tfs had the pleasure of listening
to a lalk from W. <~>. Doane, who would
not decline a nomination for Auditor. In
order to exercise Influence in the affairs
of the convention the delegates represent
ing the Thirty-ninth will endeavor to vote
as a unit.
This evening the committee of perma
nent organization and order of business
of the convention will meet at the Grand
Hotel. Friday next there will be a meet-
Ing of the executive committee of the
City Republican League. The chairman
of the committee, Sheldon (i. Kellogg,
Will probably receive a hint from th<> ex
t-cutive committee as to the proper time
for calling another session of the nom
inating convention.
Seven del< gates to the Democratic local
convention are still hunting for accept
able names to place on the ticket for
the Board of Supervisors.
The committee of seven met yesterday
in the law office of a. vv. Thompson. The
next session may take place- in Mr Whit
ings office. The Democrats who are anx
ious to get on the ticket can hardly keep
track of the wandering seven. A long lint
of names has been submitted to ti om
mittee, as each district was Invited to rec
ommend candidates, but only eighteen
names will bo presented to the convention.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
EXAMINER HAS
TO TAKE ITS
OWN MEDICINE
Crawfishes on One of
Its Fakes.
APOLOGIZES TO OCCIDENTALS
SAYS THE LARKSPUR "ORGY"
WAS A PIPE DREAML
The Author of the Zolaesqne Fairy
Tale Hauled Over the Coals for
His Full-Page "Inadver
tence."
Persons picking up the Examiner this
morning and finding little news will
please excuse that paper. It hadn't time
to get any yesterday as it was so busy
apologizing to the people of Larkspur
for its attack on their characters and so
frantically endeavoring to take back all
it had published concerning the alleged
indulgence of Occidental campers in "bac
chanalian revels."
It was all an "inadvertence," says the
Examiner in explanation of its Zolaesque
portrayal of saturnalia that refused to
stay nailed. Of course the people of
Larkspur believe that statement. Look-
Ing through a pair of Examiner specta
cles they can readily see how an inad
vertence can be spread all over a page.
With the same eyeglasses they can con
jure up a camel doing a flipllap as he
passes through the eye of a needle. It's
all in the point of view, as some phil
osopher has said; all in the point of view.
Sunday morning last, viewed by F.
Bailey Millard. who had an ax to grind
and no water with which to grind it, the
point of view was different. He took up
almost a page of the now tearful Ex
aminer in telling what a bad lot were the
young men of Occidental camp. "Bac- '
chanalian satyrs," "Neroites of Baltl
more Canyon," "hoodlums rampant," j
etc., ad lib", were added to his book of i
synonyms as equivalents for the unsus
pecting campers, lie called their brand- I
new piano a hurdy-gurdy and a dilapi
dated music machine; he said their Dark
town <litties were ragtime dlableries;
and— most wonderful of all in that
"truthful" description— he said that they i
swam in the "altogether" while enjoying
siestas!
As the Sunday editor of the Examiner
alone Millard was not satisfied to vent I
bifl spite on the campers. He unloaded
several columns on their devoted heads in
that capacity, but that was not enough.
He lowered himself on the newspaper lad
der—stooped to conquer, as it were— and.
ai "a reporter for the Examiner who vis- |
ited the scene yesterday," lashed into
I them for half a column. Even then his,
rage was at the boiling point and It was
i not until he had ripped the revelers up the
\ back as a "cottager" and ripped them
'■ down again as "a resident of Baltimore
> ctnyon who lives on the hillside just
above the camp grounds," that he stopped
I the as the Examiner calls Its "mad
I vc-rttnce."
I On numerous occasions during the week
! preceding the publication of the "lnadver
! tencc." Millard gloated publicly on the
i "package he was about to hand" the
! campers. He boasted to several employes
! of the North Pacific Coast Railroad Com
! pany that he had "a roast prepared that
| would peel the skin from the campers,"
I advising those to whom he spoke to watch
| for the following Sunday edition of the
Examiner.
Mr. Mlllard was busy explaining yester
day to the managing editor how the "In
advertence" ha/i been allowed to take on
| such large proportions. At a late hour
; last night the returns were not all in.
! The managing editor, however, was rest
| Ing somewhat easier than lie did the night
before while supervising the building of a
I retraction that might retract as little aa
< possible In his inside pocket the manag- ;
j ing e'litor of the Kxaminer had the letter
I written by Mlllard to Will Moore, business
manager of the Monitor and manager of
i iccldental camp. Moore "inadvertently"
loaned it to the managing editor, who in
timated he needed it in the business of
animadverting the Mlllard "inadvert
<•]](<*." Yesterday afternoon Mr. Moorp,
repenting the fact that he had given the
lotter to the managing editor, tried to get
it again. He was unable to see the man
aging editor, but was told by one of his
representatives that they wished to send
it to Mr. Hearst.
In writing the letter threatening the Oc
cidental campers with all sorts of terms
in Kan Quentin for their alleged felonies,
Mr. Milard had "inadvertently" used an
Examiner letterhead.
Twice again last night a representative
of Mr. Moore tried to secure an audience
with the. managing editor of the Exam
iner, so as to come at the letter, but each
tkne was informed that that functionary
was out. Mr. Moore begins to think that
not the managing editor but he himself
is out— that letter.
Foster Assevedo, the lessee of the ground
upyn which the fake bacchanalian orgies
were alleged to have taken place, was In
this city yesterday in consultation with
an attorney, bent upon bringing an action
against the author of the defamatory
article in last Sunday's Examiner.
"It was nothing but lies," he said,
"from beginning to end. That man Mil- :
lard did it out of spite. The Occidental
boys are not the only ones from whom lie i
tried to collect money for water from
the spring I leose. When I allowed him
to connect his pipe with the spring I told
him that the fact that he paid $4 a year
rental would nor. warrant his interference
with any campers to whom I might rent
grounds. I made him understand distinct
ly that the campers were first as far as
that spring was concerned. How did he 1
live up to that agreement? Last season I
he allowed the owners of two houses, |
! Shultz and Kllllp, to tap his pipe and us* |
; my water, for which he charged them $21
a month apiece. He made the same deal j
with John Gormley. This year he tried It j
< n Gormley and when I heard of It I told i
Millard he was no gentleman."
James Shultz. one of the proprietors of !
the Larkspur baths, said yesterday that '
he intended to sue Mlllard because of the
false statement in the sensational story j
that campers of both sexes were in the |
habit of bathing together at his place
! without bathing suits.
! "Car* stop here," thin 1b the sign
j The Market-Bt. Railway wish to define.
I Pegamoid Aluminum does It for them; i
Opposite "Call Bldg." 'tis a gem. '
WEDDED UNDER A
CANOPY OF LILIES
/*> TANDING under a canopy of bamboo, all wreathed in pink and whit© dj
* \^ lilies, J. Athearn Folger and Mrs. Clara Lunlng Cunningham plighted <j
fe .) their' troth yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock at the home of the bride's Sg
**** sister, Mrs. George Wnitteil, U'<o California street. g
w Rev. Father Hand performed the ceremony in the presence of eighty in- Q
«5 vited guests. The bride had no attendants and Ernest Folger, brother of g
S the groom, officiated as best man. After the ceremony the newly married £g
q couple received the congratulations of the invited guests and then led the q
25 way to the dining hall, where an elaborate supper was served. The elegant jg
O Whittell home was aglow with flowers and foliage in honor of the happy #
jj event. The hall was gay with brilliant hued autumn leaves and the recep- jj
$ tion room looked like a forest of giant paims, amid which, in some unac- <$
8? countable way, blossomed roses, lilies and carnations. In the dining room j$
# only the bride's table rejoiced in a floral decoration and there pink carna- Q
S3 lions were used with the happiest effect. gg
0 The bride wore an elegant pearl-gray silk gown completely shrouded in 0
lis an overdress of old white lace. The hair was dressed high and ornamented Jj
0 with a white aigrette. '&
8? Mrs. "Whittell wore a magnificent pale-blue satin confection trimmed with S?
P exquisite point lace. Mr. and Mrs. Folger have chosen to let no one into the W
S Becret of where the first two weeks of their honeymoon will be passed. Af- 89
§. ter that they leave for the East .and ultimately sail for Europe, where they c«
gs expect to pass one year in travel. g$
FLEET OF TUGS
SEARCHING FOR
THE LOG RAFT
Insurance Men and
Owners Anxious.
The derelict lop raft is giving shipping
men and the local underwriters a great
deal of uneasiness. The big mass of piles
is somewhere right in the track of ves
sels bound up and down the coast, and is
therefore a serious menace to navigation.
There Is over fix million feet of lumber
in the structure and there is about $75,000
insurance on it. Hence the uneasiness of
the underwriters.
If the raft is to be picked up it should
be heard from within the next forty-eight
hours. The Fearless may have picked it
up, and if she has will bring it into port.
Early yesterday morning- the Czarina
went out again and later in the day she
was followed by the tugs Rescue and Sea
Que*n. The latter vensel will tow the
schooner Norma to Fort Bragg and as
soon as that job is accomplished she will
Join the Rescue, Fearless and (.."zarina in
the search for the- derelict. The steamer
President of the Alaska Packers' fleet
will probably go out to-day, ho that five
steamers will be searching for the raft
by this afternoon. A number of vessels
reached port yesterday, but none of them
saw a trace of the derelict. It is still
somewhere between Point Arena and
Point Reyes but no one has been able
positively to say that he saw it since the
ship Oriental bo nearly ran it down. Yes
terday the steamers Robert Adamson,
Noyo, State of California and Glenogle all
arrived from northern ports, but not one
of them caught sight of the raft.
Captain George Harvey went out in
command of the tug Sea Queen, as Cap
tain "Ike" Smith is confined to his home
With a serious Illness.
The cruiser Marblehead was towed to
Mare Island by the navy yard tug Una
dilla yesterday. She will go on the dry
dock for an overhauling and will come
out of retirement some time next month.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Australia arrived from Honolulu
yesterday. She brought up a full cargo
and about fifty cabin passengers and over
100 in the steerage. The passage was a
very pleasant one and the run was made
in six days and twelve hours. The cabin
passengers were:
Mr and Mrs. Atwater, five children and
servant. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Atherton, A.
Atherton. A. F. Afong, Mr. and Mrs. H.
G. Boswell and daughter, Mrs. E. Benner,
Miss Benner, Miss M. Burns, Thomas
Buckley, B. R. Banning, Mayor G. G.
Cornich, Mrs. S. L. Dexter. Mrs. Dv Rbi,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Enos and son, C. Eccles,
H. P. Franklin, Mrs. C. Graham and two
children, L. T. Grant. W. B. Godfrey Jr.,
Mrs. W. L. Howard, A. Hazzard, J. M.
Hewson, Mrs. W. G. Irwin and maid,
Miss Helene Irwin, Mrs. Keating, Mr.
Klrkland, W. Lucas. Dr. and Mrs. Mour
itz and three children. J. E. Murphy, Mr.
Marion, D. A. Ray. W. T. Rawline. Mr.
and Mrs. George W. Smith and child, C.
G. Smith, T. M. Starkey, H. G. Spencer,
L. F. Stone, Mr. Steinhart, Mrs. C. D.
AV right, Mrs. F. M. AVakefield, C. F.
Wall, Mr. Withers.
Ignatz Steinhart returns after a visit to
Honolulu in connection with the establish
ment of the First American Bank of Ha
waii. Mrs. AY. G. Irwin comes to San
Francisco in connection with the erection
of her palatial home on Pacific Heights
and also to look after the education of her
daughter, Miss Helene Irwin. A. F.
Afong, brother of Mrs. Captain Whiting
of the United States navy. Is going to
Yale to complete his studies.
Harry Nichols, a 13-year-old lad who
returned from Honolulu on the Australia,
has an ardent desire to get to Manila.
He left his home in Missouri over six
months ago and made his way to San
Francisco. When the transport Pennsyl
vania sailed Harry was aboard as a stow
away. AVhen discovered he was placed
under arrest, but before he could be hand-
I ed over to the United States Consul at
| Honolulu he made his escape. After the
Pennsylvania got away young Nichols
got work on the United States steamer
Iroquois and finally a passage back here
on the Australia was arranged for him.
AVhen Harry walked down the gangway
of the steamer yesterday morning he had
$1 7n in his pocket, but he says that is
enough to keep him until he can stow
away en another transport.
Three of the salmon fleet are making
long passages. The bark Coryphene is
now out 30 days, the Merom 24 days and
the ship W. H. Macy 31 days from Bristol
Bay. Head winds and calms have prob
ably delayed them, and to-day or to-mor
row they may show up off the heads In a
bunch.
The steamer Nippon Maru sailed for the
Orient yesterday with a valuable cargo
and a fair passenger list. There was the
usual crowd down to see her off.
The British tramp steamer Glenogle,
that has lately "been carrying merchandise
from china for the Pacific Mail and
Northern Pacific, arrived from Tacoma in
ballast yesterday. She is under charter
to the Government, and will be turned
into a transport as quickly as possible.
Joe Fountain, a newsboy, was treated at
the Harbor Hospital yesterday by Drs.
Robinson and Murphy for a serious cut in
the leg. He was sitting on a doorstep on
Stevenson street, between Second and
Third, when a band of young hoodlums
came along. Their leader was John Wel
don, and he had an open pocket-knife in
his hand. "Watch me make this guy
jump," he remarked to his companion,
and with that he stuck the blade of the
knife into Fountain's thigh. With that
the crowd ran away and Fountain was
taken to the Harbor Hospital. The police
are looking for AVeldon.
The San FYancisco owned ship Eclipse
is back in Sydney harbor, much the worse
for an encounter with a hurricane. She
Bailed from Newcastle. N. S. W., for Hon
olulu with a cargo of coal, and soon after
she got out a terrific storm came up. The
cargo shifted, the seams opened and at
one time it looked as though the vessel
would go down. AVhen the storm abated
she was leaking pretty badly, but the
crew finally managed to get her into Syd
ney.
There are only three disengaged vessels
in port, and they would not be idle a mo
ment if their owners would accept the
ruling charter rates. They are the Brit
ish ships British Isles, Cambrian Hills
and Claverdon. All of them are holding
out for 2s 6d a ton more than the offering
rate. At this time last year there were
over twenty disengaged vessels in port.
HOW ALFALFA LAND IS
ASSESSED IN MERCED
They assess valuable land very low
down in Merced County, and the State j
Board of Equalization does not know of I
it. Samuel O. Crittenden. a respectable
farmer whose place is near the thriving
hamlet of Ingomar, let the cat out of the
bag yesterday morning when giving tes
timony before United States Commission
er Iloarork in the matter of the San Joa
quin and Kings River Canal and Irriga
tion Company against the County of
Stanislaus, itn Board of Supervisors and
others. The Supervisors fixed the rates
j to be charged by the corporation at a flg-
I ure which the irrigation company declares
i virtually amounts to a confiscation of its
i property.
Mr. Crittenden corroborated the testi
mony of the other witnesses as to the al
falfa industry in that part of the country.
He told how it cost about $7 or $S per acre
to prepare the ground and put it in al
falfa, and 25 cents an acre to keep tho;
checks in ordor and put the water upon
the land, exclusive of the cost of the
water, and that for the first five years of
' cultivation the yield was from seven to
! eight tons of alfalfa hay per acre, the
hay bringing in the nearest market from
$4 to $4 50 per ton.
"What is the average value of land with
alfalfa on it in your neighborhood?" was
asked.
"About $100 per acre. I'd hate to have
to take $100 per acre for mine."
"What is your land assessed for?" was
the next question.
The witness blushed slightly as he re
plied "sl2 per acre."
The smile that went round the court
i'room was an indication that the land of
the other witnesses had been treated
equally as leniently by the Assessor as
Mr. Crittenden's.
The taking of further testimony in the
case will be continued during the next
two days.
October styles Standard Patterns, the only
high prade, low priced seam-allowing patterns.
Domestic Office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth. •
AD VEBTISEMENT S.
HOUSEKEEPING
GOODS!
During the past week we have opened ud
large shipments of TABLE LINENS, TOW-
ELS, NAPKINS, TOWELING, BEDSPREADS,
BLANKETS, COMFORTERS and SHEETS, and
auote a few special items.
9 cases Fine White CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
full size and extra weight. Price, $3.25
pair.
5 cases Extra Size WHITE ENGLISH MAR-
SEILLES BEDSPREADS, veru handsome
designs. Price, $2.50 each.
One case (300 dozen) GERMAN DAMASK NAP-
KINS, full 26 inches sauare, extra double
satin damask. Price, $3.50 dozen.
25 pieces Extra Quality BLEACHED SATIN
TABLE DAMASK, full width, in 9 differ-
ent designs. Price, $1.00 yard.
175 dozen Extra Size Full Bleacb=d HEM-
STITCHED HUCK TOWELS, very fine
H! quality, Price, $3.50 dozen.
We will also have a special sale this week
of 700 pairs very handsome SAXONY and
FISH NET LACE CURTAINS, all new goods,
hoth White and Ecru. Prices, $2.00,
$3.00 and $4.00 per pair.
NOTE.- SHEETINGS and BLANKETS
less than present mill prices.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ONE WEEK [i? §f
FREE §
Treatment and Medicine |f g
FOR eac^v >^
Catarrh, Deafness, lisP
NOISES IN THE EARS g^ « Jj
j AND THROAT DISEASES -ypv*^/ jM
! given to show the superior '^a, -
merit of my new Invention §S§y , i|s!s» . :
and ANTISEPTIC treatment; S^ 2£o&t
that gives many marvelous
cures and so easy a child fv jjEJlsll'-
cnn use it. In 1200 test cases fcjl S =S!^^^9<
all CATARRHAI. patients re- |\
li<ived and SO per cent Deaf- S§ask>«s&g|2^^s'
noss cured. Best of references if'^SffSaa-rg-^y;
and hundreds of indorsements. But the best Is
{o try it and be convinced while you can.
FREE FOR ONE WEEK.
Call at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-11 a., m., 1-3 and 7-S p. m.
Good Coffee
More You Drink
More You "Want
At
Great Aioericiliprtiii Tea Co.
Big Presents Free
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORKS.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.!
! DR. METERS & CO. have the largest prac- \
I tice and best equipped medical institution W
! on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years. £
i PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office E
j or by mail. All letters confidential. |.
731 Market St., San Francisco. 1
o^"«*'^'' < «V"*^«*^«*W«*'^'<aV«V«»4l
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
#MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
i C£ 1051 fl&lat 6±i7'.i. Z.T.Q-JL i
■^F The Larjjesr Anatomical Museum In the \ !
1 ' frSrT&i*. World - -^eaknewes or any contracted &
L 8^33 15 " se i-ythr oldest T
IS 5 1 i>pecial ' ! ' trn the Co*it E»L 36 years-. 9
Si%£* k M - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
\ F«9H I Consultation free and strialy private. \
' \ j W «1 ****" O»»la«*ei7cawDßSecßdE«. A A
BY SIW fuiMv* Cure in erery case undertaken. T
MI" // lift Write for Boole. PHILOJVOI-BY erf i
.11 II 1 * NtIIHUGK. MAILED FREE. (AT
a \i 11 valuable book for mm) \
9 »K. JORDAN' A CO.. 1051 MarkPtSt R F. T
PCMohMter's Encllah IMamoit.l Brand. ' -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^Jv Oricinml and Only Genuine. jfti
X^iCyßft. I ' rn **' ill tot' CMckutefe Er%lts!t I>iaJjfi£i
BP*'^S^M^^.mond Brand la Ked and GAd me tuSllcvU^
—^Wflflboiei, B>-alod with blno ribbon. Take V»
TH V^ WJnnotbor. Rtfute don; i cubititu- V
I / ~ ftftiintiind imitau, iv. At l.'ragßints.or Mid 4a. j
I *~ p£r In itunpt for n irttealara, i-«tlmonUl« »ad
A* mS **U«Ue>f ibr leu." in latter, by retura .
•^^ If Mail. 10,600 TMtimoniala. Pact* Paper.
k J^-rCiUhortcrOjieaacalC».,Mndi»o« B<iG*r«y
mi *J aUUxti i>raKUU, j PHI L AD A» v£
TWO POINTED FACTS
Are always observable on a critical ex-
amination of our laundry work, and
that is that the color is perfect and the
finish beautiful on all linen done up
here, Shirts, collars and cuffs are
laundered here in a manner that gives
all the beauty and freshness of the
new article.
1
United States Laundry; Office
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
000000000000000000
% ™ F PALACE *?■?%
%CRANDtiOT M kS.%
jl SAN FRANCISCO. Q
■ Connected by a covered passageway. Jf
,0 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. ®
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
© EuropeanPlan.Bl.oO per day and upward O
>. American P1an. .53.00 per day and upward rt •
jO Correspondence Solicited. *»■
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICS, Manager. O
O O 0.0,0.0 OOJOLPJCLO.OJBLQ-O
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Restorative, Invlgorator ana Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
I Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for. Diseases of the Kid.
' aeys and Bladder. Sells OYI Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNB, Agents. ■«
323 Market street. S. P.— (Send for Circular.)
.
1 •OT)TTC'TJI7C FOR BARBERS * BAK-
DlllJuliJuO^s, bootblacks, bath-
; *'"" wv ' , houses, billiard tables,
I brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanners.
dyers flour mills, foundries. laundries, paper-
dangers, printers. painters, shoe f&ctorlea,
stablemen, tar-roof«>rs. tanners, tailors, eto.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
i IjigFliMLiil
I A PERMANENT CURE |
I A PERMANENT CURE f
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
J' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <
2 days ; no other treatment required. . 5
i Sold by all druggists. c
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PDBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, S2l California st., below Powtll,
San Francisco. . ■
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS, fi
Bottlers of '
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BEERS.
Goods • delivered to "' any part of, the City.
> Phone, Jessie 1522.