VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 17.
COMBINE TO
CONTROL THE
MILK SUPPLY
Dairymen of San Francisco
and Vicinity Forming
a Trust.
A combination which will strike particularly close to the homes
the people of San Francisco is that which is proposed to be
rmed of the dealers in milk and the dairymen in the counties about
ihe bay.
A milk trust — for by whatever euphonious name it may be
known that is what the combination will amount to — is a power which
can make itself felt in the home of every family, rich and poor alike,
it is true the new combination may not design an advance in the price
of this very necessary commodity. It will have the power to advance
prices, nevertheless, should its managers see fit to do that
S ; RAFAEL. Juno 16.— The milk- !
men of San Francisco are about j
to consolidate their interests and j
form one company practically ,
controlling the sale of milk around
the bay. At a meeting held yesterday
it was decided to take immediate step:
to secure the co-operation of as many j
of the large dealers as possible and i
start the business of the company with j
n cash capital of 250.00 '- The move
ment is one of vast importance to the I
public generally, and especially to large
consumers of milk, not only on account
of the basii' principle <>i" the tended j
I" "atioh being monopolistic, but !
reason that it will bring into
a new system as regards the
of milk to customers.
lea of consolidation originated
B. Stewart, president of the
■lara Ranch Company. Several
ago he became Interested in the
: followed by Eastern milk deal- j
■ ! ever since has urged in every I
<sible the introduction of a shn
t^m as regards the sale of milk ■
Francisco. After several weeks j
?st labor he man i - to secure j
ition from dealers to such an '
hat an agent was sent to New
id Chicago tO make a study of :
■olidation system as practiced in
arge business centers. ''hi:
turned to San Francisco ab.mt
I'ago. His report was s<> f.itis
■that the dealers most interested i ,
began to work up h sentlnient ,'
of the foundation of a big com- | 1
'he crystallization of their labor I :
lirection was witnessed at yes- '
terday's meeting.
It is estimated that 40.000 gallons of j
milk are daily consumed in Sar. Fran- ,
cisco, of which 10. 00^ are supplied by
M.irin County. The proposed -ompany ■
will include only San Francisco ■lil'K- '
men. liut "n account of the large
amount <>f milk furnished by Ma'rin
County any consolidation without the
co-operation of the dairymen of this
county is practically a visionary
scheme.
It is oftener the rule than the excep- j
tion in San Francisco that the wagons j
of three or four companies supply milk
to families in the same block; in fact, it
sometimes occurs that, two or three
different milk concerns supply milk to !
different families living in the same
house. Th.-- plan of consolidation will
change all this, for only one wagon will ;
supply the people of each district, or
regular route. This will do away with
the plan whereby a wagon of one com
pany curries milk all around the city,
while perhaps the wagons of two or
three other companies will at the same j
lime encompass nearly the same dis- j
trict, the customers living in the same J
house or only a door apart. The amount I
<<( profit shared by each firm will de
pend upon the relative number of the
employes hired, wagons and stock sub
scribed nd customers obtained.
It will thus be seen that the move- j
ment toward consolidation of interests!'
into one large company is confined j
to Pan Francisco, but while this la i rue, |
it all depends upon the dairymen of j
Alameda, San Mateo and Marin coun- !
ties whether or not the milkmen can'
carry out their intended plans. If the ]
company should be formed and a few j
milkmen refuse to enter, these Vefrac- j
tory firms could greatly hinder the j
operation of the company provided they j
could secure a milk supply, and it is to i
do away with this obstacle that the as
sistance and co-operation of the dairy
men is asked. What the promoters of '
th" intended, company wish, therefore, '
is to secure contracts with all the '
dairymen of ■ , meda, San Francisco, j
San Mateo and .Marin counties to give j
it their entire milk supply as long as!
the company is willing to pay as much
for the milk .is any firm not a member.
If the dairymen all enter into this
agreement any firm with the temerity
to compete with its gigantic opponent!
would soon find itself financially throt- i
tied-. Here is where the. monopolistic ele
ment enters. II no outside firm could
obtain: a sufficient supply of milk to •
carry on a business, and, therefore, the
company should have no competition,
it could regulate the prk>e of the fluid
to suit Its own notions.
In the counties named there are
I nut 100 dairymen, representing a cap- \
ital of perhaps $1,000,000. Negotiations
with the other dairymen have been j
carried to a point whero the signing of j
contracts is about all that remains to :
be done, but the dairymen of Marin \
County have not reached a definite!
conclusion, though it is more than 1
probable that they will come to an am- '
icahle agreement with the promoters!
of the great undertaking. M. T. Frei
las is the wealthiest dairyman in the
county and owns three ranches, from i
which fiOO gallons of milk are daily
shipped to the metropolis, In addition j i
be owns stock on several other ranches :
and is interested In the shipment of
about as many more gallons from these.
He supplies milk to the California Milk j
The San Francisco Call.
Producers' Association, the Santa
Clara Ranoh Company and the Mill
brae Company.- In diPeussins: the prop
■ Bitlon on foot to form a company Mr.
Freitas said:
"I was informed of tho plan of con-
BOlidation some time ago and had the
ld< a explained to me in detail. There
is little doubt that from many stand
points it would be a srood thinp for the
San Francisco dealers. If J conclude
it to be a good business venture I shall
a contract to supply the company
with milk. I was asked to »>•• at the
meeting yesterday, but could not at
tend. 1 am positive nothing could have
been accomplished more definite than
to ;ak" steps toward raising the rjuar
ter of .t million necessary to form the
company and place it on a good busi
ness footing."
DEATH CALLS JUDGE
GEORGE G. DAVIS
Member of the Sacramento Judiciary
Falls a Victim to Con
sumption.
.: idse George G.
Sai ; imento died here last i Ight.
Line to Auburn about a week ago in
search of relief from consumption. His
i- with him.
Fudg< Davis was born in Nevad; County
•>■ went to Sacramento In IBS 3
■' tue la >v office of Kinks
and lat< r, wh« n adm .■
r, formed a partnership with K. C.I
A 1 the time of hla deatto he held
the office of Police Judge, to which posi
tion he had beer elected and re-elected
As an oflli ial and as a man
■ noted for his hon
and his popularity is attested by the
' ' ■• ■ ection he ha I
iition. In politics Judge l>?.v:s was
The funeral will be held on
Sunda S fragile, the home of his ,
rits. I
SA]S FBAKCISCO, SATURDAY, JUKE 17, 1899.
ALMOST TO THE SOURCE
OF THE AMAZON.
Remarkable Cruise of the American Gun
boat Wilmington in South America.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES. June 16. — The Rio Janeiro papers publish full accounts of the exploration journey on
the Amazon made by the United States gunboat Wilmington. Manaos, where her arrival provoked a
meeting of protest, is situated about a thousand miles from the mouth of the river. The people there
never saw a foreign man-of-war, nor thought it possible for her to reach such a distant point, but the Wilming
ton has gone farther still and has steamed up the Solimoes River until Iquitos, the Peruvian town made famous
by the separatist movement, was reached. The Wilmington has thus advanced about twenty-five hundred
miles into the interior of South America and has reached almost as far as the Cordilleras, a distance of only a
few hundred miles from the Pacific.
NEARLY fifty years ae>> Lieuten
ants Herndon and Gibbon of th<
United States navy made the
trip from the Pacific to the
Atlantic, starting from Lima,
crossing the Cordilleras and thence
partly by river, partly by land, fol
lowed the Amazon and its tributaries
down to Para, at the mouth of the
Amazon. The expedition was by the
order of the Secretary of the Navy,
with the object of exploring the Ama
zon valley, and the journey of 471" miles
was begun May 13, 1861, and ended
May 1. 1852.
Twenty-seven years later Commander
Thomas O. Selfridge was sent In the
Enterprise to make a survey of the
Madeira, which joins the Amazon
eighty-seven miles from th.-> tatter's
mouth. This expedition was made in
ONE MAN'S BURDEN.
three months and reached IT>OO miles,
or up to the Falls of San Antonio, the
head of the navigation of the Madeira
Riv« r.
Considerable difficulty and many
hardships were met with, owing chiefly
to th' j poor condition of the machinery
of the Enterprise; there were frequent
breakdowns, and the draft of over four
teen feet made th^ stirvey very diffi
cult from the ship, and the last 500
mi!< s were made from a sfrMMn launch.
A short time !>e?or< the survey had
been completed Commander Selfrkige
was overhauled by a Brazilian naval
officer, notifying him that the Madeira
was nol open to foreign ships of war,
and that the Governor of the province
requested that the Enterprise should
return to the Amazon. Commander
Selfridge explained his orders from the
' Lnited States Navy Department, ask
; ing the Governor to Rrant the permis
( sion of proceeding with the work of
i survey, and at thp same time agreeing
; to withdraw his ship In tho event of
the Governor's refusal. While the naval
officer delivered the message to the
Governor, Selfridge completed his sur
vey, and the consent for surveying: not
tjging granted, the Enterprise grace
fully dropped down the river and ar-
I rived sspic y at Para.
7 . . ■ . -
Cruise of the Newark.
Special Cable to The Call an.l tho New York
Ii irald. Copyi ■ 1899, by .Taints <;or
don Honrn-tt.
VALPARAISO, June 16.— The latest
news from the Newark is that if the
weather is favorable the cruiser will have
ma] In her bunkers by Thursday and be
i ready tn start en her voyage.
CLOSER WATCH
ON CABLEGRAMS
FROM MANILA
Aguinaldo Personally Leads
a Disastrous Attack on
American Troops.
NEW YORK, June 16.— A World's Washington
special says : The President is determined
to continue to enforce the censorship of
private and press dispatches at Manila. Within a
few days he has intimated forcibly to General
Corbin that too much information is being made
public from the War Department. General Otis
is in supreme authority over the Manila censor
ship, and it is not within the War Secretary's
province to order its abatement-
Newspaper correspondents are forbidden by
General Otis to file press reports from Hongkong,
and are warned that if they evade censorship by
this method their "usefulness to their papers
will cease immediately." Colonel Thompson,
the censor, in a private letter to an officer here,
writes : "My duties are exceedingly trying."
MANILA. June 16.— After cutting
the railroad and telegraph at
Apalit. seven miles south of San
Fernando, for the purpose of
severing connection with Manila, lit
rebels attacked General MacArthur'a
lines at San Fernando at 4:30 this
morning. They met with an unexpect
edly warm reception and were re
pulsed with a loss of seventy-five killed,
thirty prisoners ana many wounded.
The rebel force, estimated to have
numbered 5000 men, advanced stealth- :
ily from the jungle north of the city
and then divided with the evident pur- i
pose of surrounding the Americans.
The ..utposts of the lowa regiment I
discovered the enemy and retired to
their lines, where the entire division
waited in an entrenched position. The
Kansas and lowa regiments received
the first shock of the attack. Reserv
ing their fire until the enemy was with- ,
in 600 yards, the first volley of the I
Americans hit the rebels, who returned j
the fire wildly, the rest of th^ir line
tailing to advance. The Americans,
who thoroughly enjoyed the novelty of j
the situation, awaiting an attack he
hind breastworks, sallied forth and the !
insurgents thereupon turned and fl°d
Into the jungle. Our loss was fourteen ,
wounded, and the majority of them are
only slightly hurt.
General Funston's brigade of Kan
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
sans and Montanans and General
Hale's brigade, the Seventeenth ■Regi
ment and the lowa Regiment, consti
tuted the force engaged.
Aguinaldo is reported to have per
sonally conducted tho attack and pre
parations were made for several days
to bring forward troops from Candaba
and others from Dagupan wore trans
ported by rail. Along the front of the
Kansas Regiment thirty-nine rebel
dead were counted.
The first news of the Filipino ad
vance was reported by a telegraph
operator who was sent to the bridge
at Apalit to ascertain the cause of a
break in one of tho wires. He was
compelled to beat a hasty retreat under
fire.
A Spanish officer who has been a
prisoner in the hands <>f the rebels and
who was released by Aguinaldo has
come through our lines to Manila. He
claims tn have been a witness of the
assassination of <;onera l Luna. Ac
cording to his story the relations be
tween the two Filipino leaders had
been strained to the breaking point be
cause of I, una's attempts to assume
control of affairs and the final rupture
was forced by Aguinaldo issuing secret
orders to the provisional governments.
Luna thereupon notified Aguinaldo de
manding copies of the documents and
Aguinaldo replied curtly that Luna
was a general of the army and that
the civil government did not concern
him.
Luna, on opening the reply at his
headquarters in the presence of his offi
cers, exclaimed hotly: "He will be
lead to-morrow." One officer, who was
riendly to Aguinaldo, hastened to warn
;im, and Aguinaldo called together
twenty trusted soldiers, fellow-towns
men of his, and stationpd them around
his house, with instructions te kiil any
one attempting to enter, regardless of
rank.
Luna appeared the next day and saw
Aguinaldo at the window. A member
of the guard said: "Aguinaldo has
gone to inspect the troops."
Luna then exclaimed: "You are a
liar!" drew his revolver, struck the
guard and tried to force nn entrance
into the house. Before he could use his
revolver one of the guards bayonetted
him and shot him in the back and oth
ers stabbed him. In all h<=- had twenty
wounds. Luna's aid de camp was killed
in the same way.
The Spaniard's story has not entirely
dispelled the doubts of Luna's death
and bets that he is alive have been
made at the clubs. Some people think
Aguinaldo hns tak^n pains to send this
Spaniard here with his story, in fur
therance of snmfe diplomatic scheme,
while others suspect Aguinaldo has
been assassinated by Luna's men.
Since the Americans withdrew from
• 'andaba recently, the rebels have re
turned and have wreaked vengeance
upon those who befriended the Ameri
cans. They slaughtered the natives
who surrendered the town and dis
played their heads on poles in the pub
lic square.
The hostile natives of Oohu are more
menacing, ilail advices say hostilities
against the Americans have begun
there. Colonel Hammer, the American
commander, has asked for reinforce
ments and four companies <>f the Ten
nessee regiment have been sent to him
from Hollo. The Nebraska regiment
lias been ordered to sail for home early
next week.
LONDON", June 16.— The Filipino
Junta here says there is no truth in
the report circulated and cabled to the
; niter] States that Aguinaldo had been
issassinated.
GENERAL KING PRAISES
HIS GALLANT VOLUNTEERS
Californians Among Those Mentioned
for Most Distinguished Brav
ery in Action.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— The report
of Brigadier General Charles Kin?,
commanding the First Brigade, First
I>i\ision, during the early fighting at
Manila, has been made public at the
War Department. This brigade, pom
posed m" the First California, First
Washington and First Idaho, saw some
very hard fighting. It was while exe
cuting an order of General King that
, Major McCunnville fell leading hi»2
men of the Idaho Regiment General
King calls attention to the fact that
the losses of his brigade were greater
than those of any other brigade
In »he corps. He also says that
i!i>' damage Inflicted on the enemy
■was v•! > great, his men having
buried 1530 of the Filipinos. He
adds: I beg leave to call attention to
the fact that this is the only exclusive
ly volunteer brigade in the corps and
that it fought with all the steadiness,
dash and discipline of their comrades,
the regulars.
•'And now there devolves on me a
duty that I falter in attempting. I
saw no instance of shirking. 1 saw
many instances of daring leadership
01 the part of the officers and of de
voted following on the part of the men.
I shrink from discriminating, yet I
• serve the faith of the
. of which I am so proud were
1 to fail to publicly mention the ofn-
Sng und^r my orders.
wen- most conspicuous. My regimental
ders. Colonel Smith. Firsl Cal
ifornia; Colonel Wholley, First Wash
ington, and Major Wiggins, First Idaho,
bore themselves with marked bravery
and ability, Wholley being wholly un
• heaviest fire for the longest
his maiden fit-lit at that. Major
MrC'onnvill< died proudly, heading his
men In the dash on a dangerous line.
Weisenburger, First Washing
ton, v as an example of soldierly bear
lng throughout. Captain Fortson was
■ ■ '\ in Pandacan Inland, which
was moetlj exposed and he and Cap-
SVhittington, Firsl Idaho, won my
admiration for their daring assault >n
d< fended position, th<
•he < ' »i ;oi dia < !apta in
First Washington, with his cheek
seared by a Mauser, led his
■ fuiy from Btart to fi :li Their
' ouude l
in one company shows hi they had
to fight Through. Lieutenants Erwln !
and Luhn. First Washington, the
formei severely wounded, were notably
ptain Dyer and Lieutenant
Hawthorne of the artillery won the
plaudits of the men for consummate
coolness, and for the com
ation of others in the line whom
I did not see I must r< fer you to their
b to the bearing of their offi
cers find !.
"Every man on my .staff, from th»>
senior in rank, Brigade Surgeon Major
Shlels, down to oui mounted orderlies,
v,"n my thanks and admiration. Ma
jor Bhiels was constant In his attend
ance on the wounded In the t-xtf.Mii> 3
front rmd under heavy fire. Lieuten-
Merriam, Third United States Ar
tillery, and Hutton. First California,
time and again compelled to risk
lives in carrying orders along th'
line. Captain Saxton was systematic!
in the fie d hospital. His horse and
Lieutenant Merriams' gave out ai Con
cordia bridge, but they followed afoot
an oss the fields, Captain Handy,
brigade commissary, carried oui his
duties wilder the fire of the enemy in-
Btead of the roof of his office, and the
thr--^ nrderlies, Privates Clay <",. Mills,
pany D, First Washington; Ed
ward < '. Hanford. Company K. First
Washington, and Spencer O. Lane,
First California, were constantlj under
heavy fin and are soldiers their Stales
should be proud of.
more nan!.-, that of Lieutenant
(■•■lor:-l Duboce, First California, must
not be omitted. He had a difficult and
hazardous task in wiping out the
■ that under the sanctity
church roof and from within the
of apparentlj peaceful home-
Is, for a time kept up a treacher
■ < i s and men hurrying
by with orders or messages. I saw
his work, long hours alter it was tin- ;
ished, and it was well done."
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS ONLY
CAUSE MORE FIGHTING
WASHINGTON, June 16.— Aguinaldo
and his advisers seem to have been en
couraged by the negotiations instituted
by the Philippine Commissioners to
believe that the Americans are weak
ening and are anxious for peace. This
is the conclusion which is drawn in
some quarters from the recent aggres
sive attitude of the insurgents to the
south of Manila and from the attack
made upon General Mac Arthur to-day
to the north of the city.
The general Philippine situation was
discussed at the Cabinet meeting to
day, but as far as can be learned there
is no disposition on the part of the
President to call for volunteers or to
send General Otis a larger force than
the men which he will have when
the present plans are carried out.
It has been suggested that the recent
aggressive attitude of the Insurgents
may have been brought about by an
idea that the American troops could
not fight during the rainy season. If
this Is true Aguinaldo has been given
some object tensions which may make
him more crreful in the future, for
both to the south of Manila and in to
day's light at San Fernando his men
have been driven back with a much
more sever;* loss than they have been
abin to Inflict on the Americans.
It is hoped here that General Otis is
correct In his belief that to-day's at
tack was under the personal direction
of Vguina)''o, as in that event his
prestige would probably suffer from
his defeat.
-v statement prepared in the office of
the adjutant general in regard to the
casualties in the army, including
troops In tiie Philippines from the be
jrtnnlng of the insurrection on Febru
CMnaware
If it's
Up-to-Date Chinaware
you want —
Try
GreatAnieriGanlmporriflgTeaGo's
Have too Stores-" .
That's Why
• Quality so Good
Prices so Reasonable
STORES i
£81 Market St., opp. Powell. Central Store.
140 Sixth St. 705 Lurkin St.
2310 Mission St. i.*n, I> o ik St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 1818 Devisadara St.
I|A Ninth St. 32 1 Montcoraery ay'
.^55 Hayes St. 21S ihird M *
2732 24th Sf 3288 Mission st
20t)« Fillmorc St. 500 Weni ny St. "
52 Market Street .....Headquarters.
OAKLAND STORES:
IQs3WnshingtonSt. 1185 2?, d avc
1237 Broadway. flirt E. Twelfth St
15 JO Seventh St.
ALA.MKDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— I! St.. near Fourth.
FIRE AT WHITTIER
REFORM SCHOOL
LOS ANGELES, June 16.— The building containing the kitchen, commis
sary department, bakery and di nine hall at the Reform School at
Whittier lm.ned down completely this afternoon. The !<rss is about
$10,000, with no insurance.
The fire was started by the accident.';! overturning of a bucket of grease
on ihe range in the kitchen. There was n < effective fire apparatus at hand,
and a message was sent to this city vm. an ertgine went from here. The in
mates of the school and the officials had in the meantime worked hard to
save the utensils and furniture, but littl<= was saved. Several of the boys
were burned, but none Beriously. The engine from this city arrived In time
to save the main building, which is located about one hundred feet from the
buil ling that was burned. Non< of the inmates <'f the school attempted to
escape during the excitement and all ar« accounted for.
ary 4 tip to June 6 last, shows as roi
lows: Killed In action, 226; dh d oi
wounds received in action. 69; died of
• contracted In line of duty. :> >( i4:
making a total death list of 659. The
. umbi ; of wounded during the same
period is stated at 1366. These sti tistics
wen prepared prior to the Bevere en
gagements participated in by General
Lawton's force at Zapote Rivei and
Cavite province, where the <*&sualties
were severe on both Bides. No official
statement has been prepared of the
number of sick and incapacitated men
In General Otis' army, but it is known
to be large, some authorities placing
the number as h'z-h as 2000 or 3000.
SEVERE EARTHQUAKE
SHOCK FELT AT ILOILO
MANILA, June IT. 10 a. m. An earth
iuak< shock was Mi at Hollo at 3 o'clod
iy aftrrnoon. The Inhabitants sa\
i was ■ ere«t ever known. It is *u\<
posed ti vi the Bhock was caused by th.
volcano i onloan, In Negros, In eruption
An explosion was heard apparentlj undei
■ llowed thirty seconds later l>>
shaking of the earth.
JURY DISAGREES IN
JOSEPH HARVEY'S CASE
Eight Members Vot? foi the Acquit
tal of the Poolroom Pro
prietor.
SAN RAFAEL., June W.— After a trial
lasting four hours to-day the jury sitting
in judgment on the case of Joseph
Harvey, th<- Sausalito poolroom operator,
whs unable t>> agree and received its dis
charge. Five ballots were taken and the
vote stood from first to last eight for
acquittal and four for conviction. The
will be set for a new trial on next
Monday.
Attorneys Hepburn Wilkins and George
A. Knight appeared for the. defense, and
District Attorney Me Isaac was assisted
In the prosecution by Attorney Daniel A.
Ryan of San Francisco. There wu.s
frequent clashing of Knight and Ryan,
the younger man proving himself so
worthy an opponent or Kntghi a.l n paxtee
that the court Beveral times had to
threaten to clear the room if the crowd
was not less emphatic in its expression of
appreciation.
George A. Tichnor, a private detective
,ved by Taylor, testified as to the
gambling carried on on the day of tin-raid.
May 27, and to the fact that he him-.. ::"
had bet on the races on that day. .1. Con
nolly, Harvey's cashier, acknowledged on
the stand that he had $5000 in hjs po
sion when the raid was made. The prose
cution tried to show this was the "bank,
i onnolly was a poor witness for the pros
ecution, but furnished one bit of evidence
that settled the question of whether the
proprietor of the poolroom makes money
or not. Three sheeta were shown, on each
of which Harvey won $500, and the sh • i -
were'iiot complete on account of the
raid having taken place early in the alt
ernoon.
F. Reilly, a Western Union operator.
swore he was employed by the company
and not by Harvey. The defendant him-
Belf was put on the stand and an effort
was made to introduce in evidence the
municipal license under which he trans
ects business, but Mclsaac and l-tyan
objected .-•> vigorously that after two
hours of bickering the court decid d
against its introduction.
Mclsaac says he will continue to have
the case tried until Harvey is -other con
victed or acquitted.
Insane Woman Commits Suicide
P< iRTLAND, Ore.. June 16. -The Coroner
ol Washington County was called to Sher
wood to-day to Investigate the death of
Mr:-. Emma Kusbob, who inflicted fatal
injuries upon herself in an attempt at
suicide. She returned on Tuesday from
i h<- Salem Asylum, and yesterday morn
ing in her husband's absence took
poisoned wheat, a strychnine squirrel-de
stroyer. As Kusbob was returning home
he heard a splash in the well, and, hurry
ing thither, found his wife had thrown
herself In. Kunbob lowered himself and
liHd her above water until his nephew
pn j aid from the neighbor*. Mrs. Kusbob
lived until evening. She was 44 years of
age and had been married fifteen years.
Brakeman Injured.
BAUSALITO, Juno 10.— As the late train
i entered Sausallto this evening William
I Mundell, a brakeman. who was standing
, on th<> rear platform of the bjst car and
looking backward, was struck by ;i switch
disk turned toward the rails and seriously
injured, H>' was found unconscious and
• f an examination showed him to be severe
ly cut about the head. It Is feared the
| fall from the train may have caused in
ternal injuries.
Dynamite on the Track.
Special Cable to The Call and th» New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1899, by James Oor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYR.ES. June 16.— A parcel
containing dynamite was. found to-day on
the track of the Southern Railway near
Burzachd. It is believed the object of
whoever put', it there was to blow up the
train in which President Roca returned
from Neuquen. ' .
Bolivia's Counter Revolution.
Social Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. • Copyrighted, ISO?, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO, June Dispatches
from Antofogasta say the counter revo
lution has been declared in Bolivia, and
many arms have been seized.
For the Killarney Park.
LONDON', June 16.— The resolutions fa
voring the proposed purchase of the
Muckrosa Killarney estates for a national
park will be proposed at the meeting of
th<> National Trust, to be held under the
presidency oi the Duke of Westminster
on June 22.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE IT, 1399.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
ROBBED AN INVALID
Nurse's Tale of Masked Men and
Robbers Laughed At by the
Police.
SACRAMENTO, June 16.— Chief of Po
lice Dwyer to-night caused the Imprison
ment of a professional nurse named Rob
ert Mills on suspicion of having 1 robbed
his patient, James McGregor, an old man
and a paralytic, while the latter was
asleep. The circumstances are remark
able. Before daybreak this morning: the
police were notified that McGregor's home
at 1315 Fourth street had been entered by
two masked men, carrying pistols, and [
that one of them covered the nurse with a |
revolver while the other rifted a bureau
drawer of |500, which had been placed
there by Mrs. McGregor a couple of days
fore. The police obtained this story
from Mills, the nurse, who added that be- '
fore leaving by the front window, by I
which they had entered, the masked in
truders relieved him of his wealth also,
amounting to a few dollars and a dis
abled timepiece. To round off the story
nicely Mills said he heard the clatter of
horses' hoofs as the robbers sped away In .
the darkness.
Mills' story was deemed to be lacking
in the element of realism when the police
after prolonged scrutiny, failed to find
any fresh tracks of men or horses, and
the doubts which the tale provoked were
not dissipated when Mrs. McGregor and
a young woman who were asleep overhead !
declared that they had not been awak
ened by the alleged visit of the burglars
downstairs.
Mills was once a trained Mir^ at the
Railroad Hospital in this city.. He was
dismissed by the Buperintendem, Dr. T.
\V. Huntingdon, on suspicion fi having
attempted to bury some propeyy on the
grounds. The suspicion against him in
the present case is strengthened by the
fact that when Mrs. McGregor placed the
SSOO in the drawer she confided the fact
to him, so that in case of lire, as she told
him, he would be able to save the money. |
_^
MISS SUITS IN LUCK.
The Actress Made Wealthy by a Gold
Mine.
NEW YORK, June 10.— A week ago Miss
Anna Suits of San Jose was making ihe
rounds of the theatrical agencies and wor
rying about her daily bread. When Law
rence Weber offered her arid two young
women who assist her in her specially
$^oii a week and an engagement of thiny
ftve weeks she was a very happy youn£
woman.
\Y. 11. Frue. her brother-in-law. !i\. s in
San Jose, which is Miss Suits' home. I: ■•
is Interested In many mining properties.
About two years ago two brothers made
a strike In Trinity County. The success
uf the Craves brothers caused Mr. Frue
to plan a hunting trip to Trinity County
and incidentally to look over the ground.
Miss Suits begged him to locate some
claims for her. She had $loi)i' saved.
Miss Suits said to-day: "On Wednes
day 1 received a hurried note from my
mother saying that we had been offered
$500,000 for the mine and that Mr. Frue
had decided to sell it. 1 have a third in
terest In it. She sent me a check for $2000
and told me to start home at once. I
went to Mr. \\'i be'r and asked him 1o re
lease me. He was very pleasant about it,
hut he refused. 1 offered him $1000 to re
lease me, but he said he could not chanjrs
his plans and he did not see why I could
not play this season and then go back
home. I don't know what I shall do, but
I hope I can arrange matters with Mr.
Weber."
Miss Suits went on the stage w_hr>n piv>
was 14, tfncl she says she is heartily sick
of it.
Rose Croix Goes Lame.
DENVER, June 16.— Before the 2:28 pace
at overland Park to-day Rose Croix, one
of Myron B. McHenry's string, who
■would have been the favorite in the bet
ting, went lame in the warming up and
was withdrawn from the rare. Celeste of
Gunnell's stable took her place in th"
books and won handily. The bigg-e-t
plung" of the day was on Royal Lancer
at. 9 to 3 in the sixth race. iJa Fonter.i,
winner of thp third rare, was 10 to ] [n
the book«, but little money was placed on
her. Results:
Pncing— won in three straight heats.
Time, 2:J9%, 2:V.>%. 2:17. Suspicion, Olga,
Blast, Arlinc B and Shelah also started.
Six furlongs— l>a Mascota won. Weird bpc
or.d, I,och Kea third. Time, 1:16. S*iftv
Gold Hub: and Camtrolerer also ran.
Four and one-half furlongs— l.a Fontera
won, Knzy second, R. Q. nan third. Tim>>
Satt Rconda. Pull Book, Chllcoot Pass, Faucli
er and Irma also ran.
Four and one-half furlonjs— Minyon won
Hill Mayhem St-cond. Hlxford third. Time
E6K seconds. Falpe, Theresa and Myrtle Ga
bauer also ran.
Six furlonts— Royal I^ancer won, Blue Bell
second. Outlay third. Time. 1:17 Ferryman
If, Nubian. Yule and Zaraida also ran.
Dr. Jordan's Summer Itinerary.
PALO ALTO, June 16.— President David
Starr Jordan left the university to-day
for Ilollister, where he Is. to speak. From
Hollister he goes, direct to Pullman
Wash., where he Is to deliver the com
mencement address before the Seattle
Agricultural College.' 4 .Thence . lie goes to
the University, of Idaho, where he will
speak at the summer; school. . Dr. Jordan
will then return to Red Bluff, Cal., from
which place be will take a vacation trip
into the Sierras. On July 12 he will at
tend the meeting of the National Educa
tional Association ut Los Angeles and
deliver fin fiddn-sp on "The Purpose of
Universities." He- will speak before the
Natural History Section. on ."The Status
of the Fur Seal." Following this. he goes
to Boulder. Colo., where he will lecture
before the Texas-Colorado Chautauqua on
"The Significance of Freedom" and "Evo
lution: What It Is and What It Is Not."
Cloverdale Wool Sales.
CLOVERDALK. June IK.— Wool pale
day, time honored in Northern Sonoma,
has come and gone. Cloverdale has been,
overcrowded with Kiowers and buyers.
Over 80 bales of wool were offered for sale
In one warehouse alone. The prices rang
ed from loVfc? to l<3**c. and a few choice
lots brought as high as 17c a pound.
SLOAN ACCUSED
OF ROWDYISM
Said to Have Assaulted
a Waiter.
CHAMPAGNE BOTTLE USED
SERVANT HAD SPILLED LIQUOR
UPON HIM.
Alleged Breach of Etiquette at Ascot
Course Which the American.
Jockey Stoutly
Denies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Juno 16.— The Star to-day
says: "After the racing yesterday (at
Ascotj Sloan appeared on the lawn
and a waiter accidentally upset a glass
of liquor over Sloan's clothing. The
latter instantly rose from his chair and
struck the waiter in the face with a
champagne bottle, inflicting several
wounds. No doubt the affair will be
hushed up, but it was the most un
provoked assault ever witnessed."
The Evening -News, referring to
Sloan's assault on the waiter without
giving any name, says:
"He was the guest of a member of
the Sports' <'lub. The waiter was so
injured that he was removed to the
hospital in a cab. All the witnesses
cried 'Shame,' and ladies struck at his
assailant with parasols. As there is
only one jockey now holding a license
v. ho could be guilty of such a cowardly
and repulsive act while the guest of a
member of the club it would be super
fluous to give his name. The immedi
ate duty of the Jockey Club is to in
stitute Inquiries and if the facts are
as stated to forthwith withdraw the
jockey's license."'
Talking about the matter with a rep
resentative of the Associated Press to
day. Tod Sloan said:
"The papers have largely exaggerated
the iiffair on Ascot lawn. A waiter was |
j very drunk when I happened on the j
! lawn with some friends; and he grew
insulting to my friends and myself, and
a friend said if he continued so doing
he would hit him. The waiter disap
peared art. that moment, and I re
marked: 'Now, when he returns, he will
upset the table' Sure enough, he did
i so, spilling the entire contents over me.
< >ne man struck him and his linger ring !
cut the waiter's mouth. 1 being the |
only man known, the people said: 'Oh,
Sloan did it.' and seeing the blood, they
said I had used a bottle.
"As to the Jockey Club taking action
; in the matter, as has been reported,
there is no truth whatever in the story,
for they know that I have told them
I the exact truth as to the fellow's ac
• tion, as l was not concerned In striking |
him at all."
At the fourth day's racing at Ascot
Heath to-, lay E. H. Balderk'i Nay colt
St. Fort won th>' Ascot high-weight
plate of 300 sovereigns. Tod Sloan rode
Lord Beeham's colt Lip Salve, bur was
unplaced. Fourteen horses ran one
mile and a quarter. The betting was
LOO i" 8 aga lnsl Lip Sah c.
The Windsor Castle stakes was won
by Mr. Lowe's brown colt Elopement.
Lord William Beresford's bay gelding,
Yumboe, by Pontlac-Ynonda, ridden by
Sloan, was unplaced. Nine horses ran
on the two-year-old course. The bet
ting wp§ 100 to 6 against Yumboe.
The J^okingham stakes were won by
Mr. Fairies five-year-old bay horse
Eager.. H. J. King's four-year-old
chestnut colt Florie Rubattino, ridden
by Sloan, was unplaced. Twenty horses
ran the last three-quarters of the new
mile. The betting was 100 to 8 against
Florie Rubattino.
The Hardwicke stakes of 2000 sover
eigns was won by Prince Soltykoff's
four-year-old Ninus. Manlers was sec
ond and Sir R. Waldie Griffith's four
year-old brown filly Stia, with Sloan up,
finished third. Eight horses ran the
Swinley course.
In the race for the Triennial stakes of
10 sovereigns, 400 sovereigns added for
the owner and 100 sovereigns for the
nominator of the winner, C. D. Rose's
filly Santa Case, ridden by Loates, beat
Lord William Beresford's bay colt Jolly
Tar, with Sloan, in the saddle. The bet
ting was 6 to 5 on Jolly Tar.
LONDON. June 17.— The Times this
morning prints a paragraph accusing
Sloan of assault, and says it was ex
pected that he would be charged before
a magistrate, but the matter was set
tled by the payment of £100 to the in
jured waiter.
BROOKLYN-NEW YORK
GAME ENDS IN ROW
Umpire Bui*ns Declares the Con
test Forfeited to the
Superbas.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
clubs— W.L.Pct.l Clubs— W. L. Pet
Brooklyn 89 12 .765 Cincinnati ..L'.t 25 .47»
Boston S4 16 .«80 Plttsburg ...22 2fi .438
Baltimore ....I<> 2o .600 New Y0rk... 22 Z9 .431
Philadelphia 39 20 .5921 Washington 17 S5 .;:
St Louis 29 21 .688 Louisville ...15 ?,fi . 2!>4
Chicago 29 21 .580 Cleveland ... 9 37 .195
NEW YORK. June 16.— The New Yorks for
feited a game to the Brooklyn* this afternoon
in the second inning, when Hip Brooklyn* were
at the hat, the score at the time being ~> to 1
In favor of the Brooklyna. Seymour, in the
second Inning, sent a straight one over the
plate. Umpire Burns called it a "ball." Sey
mour and Warner threw up their hands. ■ War
ner wns immediately removed. Then, came
Glenson, and this left the home team In' a
hopeless condition. Wilson went in to catch.
i Coakley, a pitcher, replaced Gleason, and Fos
ter went to short. The first hall pitched by
Seymour was a strike, but Wilson stepped to
one side and the ball came close, to .Umpire
Burns. He promptly removed Wilson from the
game for what he claimed was a deliberate
move to allow the ball to hit him. This caused
another row and Gleason and Warner were
ordtrod off the grounds. They did not so
promptly i enough to suit' Burns and he de
clared the game forfeited. The forfeiture
places the Xew York Club liable to $1000 line,
which must be paid to the Brooklyn Club.
President Ebbets of the Brooklyn Club said
after the game that he notified President Young
of the league before the New York- Brooklyn
series began not to assign Burns to umpire.
Both teams left for the West to-night.
LOUISVILLE, June 18.— After two men were
out in the ninth the Colonels landed on Young
for seven singles and a double, scoring six runs
and tiiinfr the game. Warner's single.' his
steal of second and Childs' error and Wills'
hit gave the home team the winning run in the
tenth inning. Attendance, 300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 13 17 5
St. Louis 32 10 5
Batteries— Cunningham and Kittredge: Young
and O'Connor. Umpires — Emslie and McDon
ald."
WASHINGTON*, June 16.— Baltimore won a
poorly, played game to-day. Lack of coaching
j in the second Inning caused a collision between
1 Harry and Plagle that let in two rung for the '
! visitors. Attendance, 1600. Score: ■
Clubs— n. H. E.
Washington 5 8 2
Baltimore 6 14 5
Batteries— Mercer and McGuire; McGinety
and Robinson. Umpires— O' Day and McGarr. i
BOSTON, June 16.— Poor fielding on the part
of the Boston players gave to-day's game to
Philadelphia. Long's four errors netted three
runs and were mainly responsible for the
Champions' defeat. Attendance, 24C0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. \ E.
Philadelphia 4 So
Boston ..■.:..;. 3 ' 8 6
Batteries— Fraser and McFarland; Nichols
■Land Bergen. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
HOW TRUSTS HAVE
HURT THE NATION'S
TRAVELING SALESMEN
President Dowe of the League
Says Many Are Discharged
and Salaries Reduced.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— The In- J
dustiial Commission began its session
to-day by the examination of Janvs H.
Post of Brooklyn, a representative of
the Mollenhauer Sugar Company and
tlie National Sugar Company of New
York.
Mr. Post, referring to a list of sugar
prices, covering the past nine years,
showed that the margin between raw
and refined sugar had lluctuated With
the revision of the tariff and the en
trance of competing companies in the
field. The standard price of refined
sugar, he said, was fixed daily by the
American Sugar Kenning Company,
and as a rule these prices were followed
by the Independent refineries. Mr.
Post said that as a general proposition
ho thought the American Sugar defin
ing Company had influenced conditions
for the good of the country.
"Do you think," asked .Mr. natch
ford, "that It would be a good thing
for the American company to be in en
tire control of the field?"
-No," said Mr. Post. "I think the
entire control of an article of universal
consumption in the hands of any one
set of men would be a very dangerous
power." , . 
"That is what the trust aims at,
said Mr. Ratchford, "according to Mr.
Havemeyer's own statement."
"The business might get into hands
of men not so broad-minded as Mr.
Hav.meyer," said the witness.
Mr Post denied that either the Na
tional or the Mollenhauer companies
were connected in any way with the
American Helming Company. At the
present price of raw sugar the margin
between raw and refined sugar was 60
cents per hundred pounds before the re
finer began to realize a profit. Mr.
Post said that in past years his refin
eries have used Cuban cane sugar al
most altogether, but since the great re
duction in the Cuban output they had
been forced to rely largely on European
beet sugar, principally German and
Austrian. The European refined sugar
was cheaper to produce, than the Am
erican, but not of so good a quality. Of
Imported raw sugar the American r«
finers had got large quantities from
the Philippines.
Regarding the effect of the sugar
trust on the price of raw sugar witness
said he thought the presence of one
great buyer in the field had tended to
keep down the prices, but he did not
think the trust could keep down the
price more than one-sixteenth of a ceni
a pound, and that for only a portion
of each season.
(m inquiry as to the affidavit plan of
selling to wholesale grocers witness
said that it had recently been aban
doned. In many places grocers were
cutting the price of sugar and selling it
at a loss. Mr. Post said he war. sorry
for th,> grocers, but it wes a matter of
little Interest to the refiner. The re
finers allowed the grocers a profit of
three-sixteenths of a cent a pound,
which was as little as they cou'.d afford
to handle it for. Free sugar from Cuba.
witness :-.ii<i. would wipe oui American
raw sugar, both beet and cane, in the
next five years.
During the afternoon the commission
heard a statement from P. E. Dowe of
New York, ). resident of th«^ Commer
cial Travelers' National League. Mr.
Dowe said the opinion of the commer-
Cial men at large was that the trusts
were a menace to the community. He
placed the 1 raveling salesmen in the
United States mi 350,000. The formation
of the .trusts and combines was throw
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Decisions Relating to Contests in
California Land Districts Are
Affirmed.
WASHINGTON, June 16.— The Acting
Secretary of the Interior has affirmed the
decision of the Genera] Land Office and
of the San Francisco Land Office in the
case of Arcadia Vaca against William
Peterson, involving land In the San Fran
cisco land district. The Interior Depart
ment also reached a decision relative to
the appeal of Hugh Devanay, ex-parte,
against the decision of the land office In
denying an application for a correction
of a patent Issued to his grantor. Thomas
M. Again, deceased, on certain lands in
the Stockton land district.
Pensions: California— Renewal— Thomas
J. Keltner, San" Miguel, $8. Original
widows, Fannie Holy, Pasadena. $8.
Washington— Original— lsaac S. Kauf
man. Spokane, ? - Original widows,
etc.— Vinio Twiss, Centralia, $8.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Mathews, Slskiyou County, and Frederick
N. Fletcher appointed postmaster.'
The following posrtoffices, in California
will be discontinued after June 30: Ar
gus Invo County, mail to Round Moun
tain; Laribee, Humboldt County, mail to
Brldgeville; Vanden, Sola no County, mail
Army orders— By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War the following
enlisted men stationed at the Presidio of
San Francisco will be discharged the serv
ice of the United States by the command
ing officer of that post: Sergeant Charles
Clarkson, Corporal Frederick A. Hencye,
Privates John Baircns, William A. Elder,
Robert J. Fuller, Daniel iionan. Charles
R Owen Company B; Sergeants John
Cr'ean and Peter G.ilvin. Corporal Delmar
D White and Private Jasper E. Trontla.
Company n. -Fourteenth united - States:
Infantry: Privates Fremont Hines. Troop
F Clarence S. Baldwin; Walter Baker,
'Manfred Swink and Edward P! Saul,
Fourth United States Cavalry: Private
John, Sixth United.. States Artillery; Pri
vates Joseph Campbell and Charles L.
Gibson Thirteenth United States Infan
try privates William IS. Hater and. Otis
\llti7.< ■'• Fourteenth United States Infan
try- Privates William Black, 1 William H.
Watson and George, A. White. Eighteenth j
United States Infantry; Privates -I- rank
Slsrihgmyer and George A. Wall, Twenty
third United States Infantry: Recruits
Frank Brown. William Cuminings. John
S Faulkner. Peter PI >ri". Mark Fulz, El
lis Grubbs. John Knu<lsen, Casper L. Lil
ly Winifred S. Mahi'iay, Berdell Ogan,
Christian Overlee. Guy J. Robertson. Jo
seph Siddoii. Joseph Smith. John J. Spear,
Weller- P. -Bowie, Washington P. Qulnn
and Carl Peterson, general service. ...-. -:,;
Corporal William I. Woodman. Privates
David Merrill and Frank Stone-, Battery.
X Third United States Artillery.- now
supposed to be- at the Presidio of . San
Francisco, are transferred as second-class
privates to the' Signal Corps. .They will
report to the commanding general,. De
partment of California, . who will furnish
them transportation to the Philippines.
Private Michael Feehan, Battery ■ T.
Third United States Artillery, now at Fort
Winfleld Scott. Cal.. will be discharged
the service of, the United States. 'Corporal
George A Soyer. Troop M, Fourth United
States Cavalry, Presidio of San Francisco,
Is transferred as a private to Battery N,
Third United States Artillery, stationed
at that post; ;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
I'OTNT ARENA — Sailed June 16— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
fort BRAGG— Sailed June IS— Stmr nival,
tor Ban KrancißCO.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed June U— Scfar
Newark, for Ban Fran<-i«cn.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENPTOWN— Arrived June IS— Stmr
Etruila. from New TorY for Livfernnoj, and
proceeded.
ing a large number of the*e men out
Of employment. In giving specific in
stances lie said: ,
"The National Enameling and
Stamping Company, which depends for
its raw material upon the American
Tinplate Company, has -thrown a great
many out of employment, and tftose
retained have hud their salaries re
duced. The great tobacco combina
tions threw out about 3000 salesmen,
the Continental Tobacco Company tele
graphed the discharge of 3;>o in one
day; the baking powder trust has dis
pensed with ah excepting half a dozen
men 1 knew of two salesmen dis
. barged by the trust who were l<>™> e ' -
ly in the employ of the Cleveland Bait
ing Powder Company, one receiving^a
salary of $5000 a year, the other $4500.
Their routes, with those of other dis
charged salesmen, are covered by-one
agent at $1S a week. The bicycle trust
will throw out 600 salesmen gradually
and will cut down agencies in e\ er\
city. The chair trust will affect imme
diately more than 500 salesmen by cut
ting them out Of the line. tt«i««
"One man writes me that the I mon
Bag and Paper Company has thrown
out of employment hundreds of sales
men. The number of salesmen out of
work because of the Lnited States
Rubber Company is 300; the salesmen
retained have been reduced to >a salary
averaging. I am informed, $1300 a year.
The American Tinplate Company cut
off about 9D out of every 1W salesmen.
The American Steel and Rod < .',' m V >an >'-
I have been told, discharged 300 com
mercial travelers in one day. In giv
ing these estimates I am not consid
ering the office force thrown out
through trusts. Sugar and coffee mon
opolies have thrown out 1000 salesmen:
the average reduction in salary of those
retained is SIOOO a year, 2u per cent
only of the old force being retained in
the house position. The Standard Oil
Company employs fewer salesmen
than any other concern in the mercan
tile world of one half of its capital.
Mr Dowe said the trust combinations
had raised the prices of the commodi
ties they controlled from 5 to 100 per
cent In almost every instance except
coffee and sugar. In these they were
still fighting for control of the field. He
said his figures In this line were abso
lutely correct, being from reliable com
mercial acquaintances. The examples
he gave were: Iron pipe, over 100 per
r>-vf tinware and enameled ware,
about 33 per cent; brass goods, 60 per
cent; chair trust, just formed, will ad
vance prices 30 per cent; rubber over
shoes (United States Rubber Com
pany), advanced prices 14 per cent on
May r American Tin Plate, advanced
prices ' something like 30 per cent:
newspaper, % to ft cent a pound: book
papers. 5 and 10 per cent; in common
aoap 25 cents to 60 cents a box; job
bers and manufacturers of clocks have
advanced the wholesale prices on ac
count of advance of metals. 60 per cent;
all metal goods have been advanced;
brass pins. 25 per cent: pipes and
brushes, 12ft per cent; combs, l^z per
cent; ribbons. 10 per cent. The, um
brella, trust failed four years ago. but
it advanced prices while in exister.ee,
and after its break up the retun to
legitimate and healthy prices caused a
loss to the retailer through the stock
on hand.
This witness concluded by saying
that before leaving New York he had
been warned by an acquaintance, a '
lawyer, indirectly connected with some
of the trusts, that he was doing a !
dangerous tning in speaking before the !
commission, as he was liable to "be j
crushed like a caterpillar."
MARK TWAIN DINED
AT WHITE FRIARS CLUB
Senator Depew Speaks in Happy Vein
at the Good Feeling Between
England and America.
LONDON, June K>. — The dinner which
the White Friars 'Club gave Mark
Twain this evening at the Hotel Cecil
was a remarkable tribute to the author
;iinl ;it the same time to the friendly
relations existing between Great Brit
ain and the United States. Each >i
the speakers, among whom were the
Very Rev. S. Reynolds Hole. United
States Senator Chauncey M. Depew and
Poultney Bigelow, dwelt upon this
theme. Mr. Depew, after some light
bantering and a tribute to Mark Twain.
struck a serious note, which received
hearty indorsement. Alluding to the
chflnge "f sentiment in America pro
duced by Great Britain's attitude and
action during the Hispano- American
war. he said:
"When Captain Coßhlan of the Ka
leigh returned from .Manila he told us
about the attitude of Admiral yon Died
richs and Sir Edward chic-luster of the
Immortalite, and he told us— what we
all in our hearts already knew— that
the European pov ers. save England.
sympathized with our enemies, and
that it was only their knowledge that
Kngland would support us morally and
actively, if necessary, which prevented
their interference (applause), and it
was this knowledge which made it pos
sible for me. when addressing a politi
c;W gathering of 20,000 people in Amer
ica the other day, to take the Stars and
Stripes in one hand and the Union
Jack in the other and not to hear one
dissenting voice in that vast audience."
A fitting climax v/as given at this
point, when Sir Edward Chichester,
who had been prevented by another en
gagement from coming earlier, entered
the room and was greeted with three
cheers.
i^ir Rdward Chichester expressed his
admiration for Admiral Dewey and his
oftit ers and for the American Bailors
generally. lie said: "I was very glad
to be at Manila, and the visit increased
nay v sp. --.-i for tlv- Americsan character.
After aii. blood Is thicker than water,
but 1 must not go <>n, for a friend of
mine. Captain. Coghlan, got into trouble
through talking the other day."
(LauKhter and cheers.)
From this stage of the proceedings
Mark Twain and Captain CJMfthester
shared the honors of the evening, every
body desiring to phako hands with both.
Yuba City's New Cannery.
YI'BA CITY, Juno lfi.— The now pack-
Ing-house of Rosenb-rp: Bros, of San |
Francisco situated at this place is to be |
ojjonod on July 1 as a cannery. The build- j
injrs v/ere crocted this spring, and il><' In
tention was to conduct a packing estab
lishment only and l.'mit thy output to
dried fruits. The equipping of this large
establishment ;ks a modern cannery means |
much for Vuba City.! C. A. Ranci. who
has been attending to th<- -fig-packing in
tor.-sts of Itosr-nIH-rK Bros, for the p;ist
few yoars. will have charge of the new
fartory. It expects to mn most or tin,
year, as dried fruits and figs will be han
dled after the regular fruit season ia over.
To Command the Monadnock.
WASHINGTON, Jane 16.— Order* have
been Issued by Secretary L,ong detaching
Captain John McGowan from command of
the Newport naval training Btation and
assigning him to command the monitor
Monadnock. Captain MoGowan will sail
from San Francisco about J^i'l' >»-
BANASTAR THE
PUBLIC'S FAVORITE
Will Be Heavily Baeketf
in the Suburban.
BRIAR SWEET WELL LIKE
QUEEN OF THE TURF IN FINB
CONDITION.
California-Bred Daughter of Sir Mo
dred Likely to Go to the Post
Second Choice for the
Big Race.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 16.— Although
astar baa to take up twelve pounds ex
tra f<T having won the Brooklyn handi
cap, he is the populai favorite tor the
Suburban, which will be run to-morrow
at ihc opening -of the spring meeting of
the Coney Island Jockey Club at Sheeps
head Hay. Jlis work ; .
satisfactory to his owm i Corporation
Counsel W. H. Clarke |g trainer,
and the public seems ■ itiafled us
well, and it was the sv apression
at the race travk to-da; tupled
with Candkblack. he wo -tron^
a favorite ;:t post time to- lB an y
previous choice.
Imp, the Western mare-. means
without friends, particu ] ast 
raff, when she took up a :< more
weight than she will to-morrow, .
very handily.
That sterling handicap horse
liduy. is well liked, but there
impression that a 1 a longei li
later in the year he would do bett<
to-morrow.
The California mart. Briar Sweel
done some fine exercise work an
been especially prepared for this
and it would not be ..; all surp^is)
see her second choice to Banastai
others arc Bannockburn, Geoi
and Flligrane, the Morris' threi
favorite in the Brooklyn and win: •
the Metropolitan. He would have more
friends to-morrow had he not be<
worked so hard thi^ week and s< at
Suburban distance, followed two day*
later by a mill- and a half at top
Most of the trainers and horsemen think
that such hard work so short a time be
fore the race is too much and he will
not hav<- one-tenth the cumber of friends
he had in the Brooklyn handicap.
There are a number ol othi rs whose
chances are considered small. The ram
of last night ha* put the track Ini
best possiole condition and the prog
for to-morrow could not bi better
could be no excuse for los< rs beyoi
l«.uk of speed and staying power, ai
attendance should l>>- a record br<
Every horse is absolutelj - waiit
jo prevent Banastar breaking a r<
by getting both the big handicaps.
pillowing are the entries:
♦Baa astar 122.. ..Maker 2 t^ 1
iif-n Holliday 129.. ..Taral mm
itnjp 114.. ..Clayton 6 to l
Briar Sweet 121.. ..Spencer sto 1
Bannocki>urn n:'....\\\ Martin 4 to 1
Flllgraae 118.. ..Llttlefield \>< v> I
Warrenton IH-. ..Simms 30 to 1
t Bethlehem. 95.. ..Mitchell 60 to 1
George Keeoe 114.. ..Clawson 2" to 1
Ijitsmi 105.. ..M. 'lie 6<i to I
•Caiifllchlack 107.. ..Odom 2 to l
Tragedian ......... .11U.. ..R. Williams. ...X. to 1
Previous 110 O'Connor '
Thomas Cat 100 O'Leary lv to I
♦Coupled in the betting.
WINNERS IN THE EAST.
ST. LOUIS. June 16.— Results:
Purse, maiden three-year-olds, seven fur*
longs— Stuttgart won. Whisper Low second,
Onslide third. Time, 1:32.
Four-year-olds and upward, selling , six fur
longs — Miss Bramble won. Flora G second.
> Belle Ward third. Time, 1:16%.
| - Thrw-year-olds and upward, purse, one ami
I a sixteenth miles— Lady Cnllaiian won, RebeL
' JaCk second, Meadowthorpe third. Time*
VAVA- ')
Maiden two-year-old colts and geldingt,
! purse five furlongs— Chiokamauga won. Arthur
Behan second, Dtornlfl third. Time, 1:04.
Four-year-olds and upward, Belling, one mi!«
-Bell Punch won, General M. -Cruder second.
Eight .Bells thud. Time, 1:42%.
CHICAGO, June Weather at Hawthorns
fair; track good.
One mile — Croesus won. Vaseline second.
Charlo third. Time, 1:43%.
Six furlongs- Uarrank won, Wasanta second,
1 Indian third. Time. l:,17.
i One and an eighth mi.'es, selling— Kris Krin
, sle won Banquo II secv>nd, Lobengula third.
I Time. 1:56.
One mile, Belling— Pay-the-Fiddler won, BJua
' Lick second, Native Son third. Time, - 1:43 V,.
Six £urlonep— 1 nald Bain won, N'ekarniß
second, Woodranger third. fime, 1:15%.
Six furlongs— Benneviile vron, Mizpah sec->
ond, Ostra third. Time. 1:15.
CINCINNATI, June 16.— Weather pleasant!
track fast. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Gustave Cook won,
Lord Fraser second. Alamo third. Time. 1:17.
Five furlongs, selling— Talma won, Rodd sec
ond. Curtis third. Time, 1:03.
One and three-eighths miles, selling— Countess
Irma won. Prosecutor second, Babe Fields
third. Time, 2:22.
One mile, selling — Flammarion won, Me
deary second. Tuba Dam third. Time. I:42V£.
j .Five furlongs — Dextra won. Sinneniahone sec«
ond. Anne Evans tliird. Time. 1:04.
, Six furlongs, selling Osmon won, Marietta
second, 7Aifalig third. Time, 1:16%.
Kearns Defeats Connolly.
NEW YORK. June lfi.— Tim Kenrn.= of
Boston and Eddie Connolly of St. John,
X. 8.. met to-night before the Broadway
Athletic Club. After twenty-one hard
ruiiiul^ the referee, Johnny V-
Stopped the bout in the middle <<f the
twenty-aecond, after Connolly na'i
Roored four times, and awarded the RgJ»t
tn K<\-irns. The men met .-it 135 pounds.
A well directed left from Connolly In the
thirteenth split Kearns' eye, which bled
so freolr that both men were covered
with blond before the round closed.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
mi Seventh Ftroet. corner Mission. Salt
■water direct from ocean.
ADVEBTISEMENTS :
44 Yea May Bend the Sapling
But Not the Tree/
When disease has become chronic and
deep seated it is often difficult to cure it.
That is the reason why it is best to
take Hood's Sarsaparida. when disease
first shows itself. In long-seated, tena-
cious cases, Hood's Sarsaparilla is also
wonderfully successful.
jfoCidS SaMapa>ufla
J visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat
tIUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
A. Ch 1031 UA3EST ST. bet. ftitTtt, S.r.Cd. i
\ .. jtT^- • -The Lar?rstAn«omici!Mu«umin the
f^«fsg. World. AVeaknti'.eii tr any coniracteil i I
Wfir gSB ilisease |io^il i vol» currdly ihr.ldcst T
• |Sa| Specialist on the Coast. Escsoyears 9
4 4321 DR - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ WVUkSb Consultation free and strMly private v
0 B X**SL H TreAimeni personally rr t.y letter. A 4
\fi If n H •' >lM * f " :e Oirem every case undertaken. \
iff 11 A w rite for .i..piiii-o!»oi'i»v»r i
~ 1 I »»BniABE. MAILED FREE. !Af
A (1 li/ ■ valuable l«x>k for mm) ■ X
I>K J«»R»A> A < <» Market St., S. F. V
\m^^%u electric: belts
i &BSZ&-£iQi&. Price? from $3 00 to
«fr7^/rV^?r^?«|K 525. Larppst manu-
BiSi^: v\ 'l v ■ » N - v\C?V§ facturers in th« Uni-
»-mtt*fty ted States. X" Quacks
i^SS^Jt?'?vi^r connected with this
■ /mS^^a? 3^^" establishment.
' * C?" For particulars
■ call or send 2e In
/fT< stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
ODDOslte Palace Hotel. S. F.TO FIGHT
TRUST IN
TINPLATE
An Organization in Which C.
P. Huntington Is Deeply
Interested.
TO OFFSET COMBINES
Financial Powers of the Pacific
Coast Take a Hand in the
Proposed Scheme.
facial Dispatch *to Tlio Call
CHIC \>u «. June L 6 The !:• cord to
•vv will sa> : Senator W. A. Clark
intana. Charles Edwin Miller of
New York and J. 15. Shawhai of Sail
■ Ita lon a 1 tlv
Vudttorium Annex yesterdas loi
1 the formation of a combination m
fight the tin plate trust. It is proposed
stablish ;■ plant at Juliet, 111., w Ith
a capital of Si ,000 OOfl
This capital, however d ■• - : not rep
resent the fw.'. str ngth of the pri ,
snti-tn: = : plant. Mr. Miller is a son
■ •' Charles Wooster Miller of New \>-rK.
and represents not only his father '>i!i
»'o;iip p Huntlnpton and Edwin Got ■".
in the present transaction. Mr. SI
han was formerly one
■ . ■ s of the Pacific S! >pe,
represent several
San Francisco financial institutions in
- : ?al. There will be a fun hem
- -sons interested to
M-n who are c-lose to Mr. Miller say
■ ■ | Is merely an
nily concocted plan to
the trusts in se\ eral of the
Edwin Gould
and C. P. Huntington are credited with
■ g the scheme. C. E. Miller
was formerly the junior partner In the
firm of Huntington, Hopkins & Co. of
s.tn Francis
Mr. Miller, in an interview to-night,
-
•There is little 1 may tell beyond th»-
f ;ll t ntemplatlng ai
.-• n to fight the tin plate trust.
■ stabllsh a large
• and there is every rea
that the project will be
■ at difficulty in the
if such •■vi establishment has been
! roourlng of tin billets, but that
ilty has been surmounted. The
►ntrol of the output,
I roken their grip and \v>v»
ak it in other directions that will
broadei the » ope of our
aboul us rabidly as we can
: it. I cannot say when we will
. . tion of our plant more
definitely than ii will be some tim<=> this
It Will be jUSt .i< SOOn as :
sary preliminary arrangements are
com] the contracts can be
RETURNS HOSPITALITY
BY ATTEMPTING MURDER
SAN .!« >SK ' lOtlng :
the Garden
. near Alviso, la i Ight,
all probability the victim
Ni.k Welch, a laborer, is
r g ixlum with a bullet .
ist. A. Faustina, who did the
. in the County Jail. He re
■>■ anything and is feigning in- -
vanity. „
There ..•ins to he no reason for Faus
tinos act. He had called at the place in
search of work and asked permission to
stay all night. The man was given supper
and' a bed. and then without a moment's
warning he rapidly drew a revolver and j
shot Welch.
Faustlno had worked at the Garden j
Ranch a couple of years ago. Last even-J
i:iK he appeared and asked the foreman
for work. He was told no help was !
needed Faustlno asked permission to ;
s!-f-p in a hay stack. The foreman told I
him to stay for supper and he would b<* ;
>;iv<-'n a bed. He was taken Into the bunk- i
house and shown a bed In the same room i
with Welch. Faußtino stood leaning i
against the stairway for a moment, and j
whe-n Welch began to remove his shoes i
the newcomer drew a revolver and shot j
him.
The other men rushed from the place, ;
and Faustino escaped In the excitement. !
r l h« Sheriff's office was notified, and,
Sheriff Langford and several deputies ■
went to the senile of he shooting. No ;
trace of the man could be found after an |
all-night search of the place and sur- |
rounding country. About 4 o'clock this |
morning. Deputy Sheriff Peijo arrested
the man near Alviso. to which place he '•
was goin^ to take a train for San Fran- j
cis.co He had thrown his revolver away.
This afternoon Faustino was Identified by
Welch. ' _. ,
' There is little hope for A\ elch s recov
er- The bullet entered near the left nip
ple' and lodged on the right side of the i
body near the waist line. It was a 44
--liber ball and was removed this after
noon District Attorney Campbell took
Welch's deposition this afternoon.
WHERE THE FAREWELL DANCE W^S HELD
HONORS FOR NATIVE DAUGHTERS
OFFICERS
CHOSEN AT
STOCKTON
Mrs. Cora B. Sifford of Ven
tura Elected Grand
President.
.
STOCKTON, June 16.— The thir
teenth Grand Parlor of the N l
tive Daughters of the Golden
West ended to-night with a bril-
liant ball at Agricultural Pavil
ion. The delegates have worked hard
for th<* promotion of the x lof their
beloved order and have succeeded in
dispatching a vast amount of business,
much of which related to the Interior
workings of th^ parlors. Not a single
instance of discord has marred the pro
ceedings and th<- delegates separated
more warmly attached to their organi
zation than ever before.
The grand officers were selected a'l
this morning's session. The nomina
tions had been made last evening in
order to expedite this important busi
ness, and as the list was not long it
was expected it would take but a short
time to decide "n those whc were to
preside over the destinies of the order
during the coming year. The rivalry
for honors became quite pronounced.
however, as the election approached
and the discussions took up some time.
Mrs. fora K. Sifford of Ventura wa«>
selected without opposition to succeed
Mrs. Lena Hilke Mills as grand presi
dent of the ord^r. The principal con
tesi came, as was expected, upon t*>>*
grand vice presidency, which is the
stepping stone to the higher office.
Mrs. Emma Gett of Sacramento and
Mrs. Genevieve P>akT of San Fran
cisco w er" the candidates for this
honor and so many enthusiastic friends
did each have that Mrs. Getl is said
to have won by only seven votes. It
seems that some of the friends of each
candidate became so active that a ru
mor started that ill feeling was en
erendered. but this was not true. Mrs.
Baker made the best refutation of this
charge when she arose at the con
clusion of the balloting, and. after
thanking her friends, congratulated her
successful opponent. assuring t the
members that she would be just as ac
tive in the order Lfl ever ..nd predict
ing a successful administration of the
office by Mrs. Gett.
Mrs. Georgia C. Ryan of San Fran
cisco was elected to succeed herself as
grand secretary. Mrs. Ryan is an effl
■ officer and had no opposition.
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE IT, 1899.
GRAND PARLOR OFFICERS.
Grand Presided Mrs. Cora B. Sifford of Ventura.
Grand Vice President— Mrs. Emma G n of Sacramento.
Grand Secretary -Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan of San Francisco.
Grand Treasurer— M!sy Eliza D. Keith of San Francisco-.
Grand Marshal— Miss Laura J. Frakes of Sutter < 'reek.
<;!.-.nd Inside Sentinel .Miss Sophia Schroder of Alameda.
Grand Outside Sentinel- Mrs. Mary Powell of Merced.
Grand Trustees Miss Hannah Cray of Storkton, Mi«.« Harriet Lee
of Woodland, Miss Mary Langford of Eureka, Miss J>nra Zumd»wakl of
Watsonville, Miss Stella Finkeldey of Mania <'rnz.
Miss Eliza l). Keith of ■ an Francisco,
who has won considerable reputation
as a debater and orator, was selected,
for grand treasurer, her dose opponent
being Miss Lizzie Douglas.-. Laura J.
Frak'-s of Sutter Creek ami Sophia
Williams of Grass Valley were the
nominees for grand marshal. The
former was elected. For grand inside
sentinel Sophia Schroder of Alameda
was elected, defeating Irene M. cloud
Foster of San Jose. The candidates for
grand outside sentinel were Mrs. Mary
Powell Of Merced. Mrs. Sadie Rios of
Los Angeles and Mrs. E. L. Bwaney of
Oakland. Mrs. Rios was elected.
The five grand trustees elected were:
' Miss Hannah Gray <>f Stockton, Miss
Harriett Lee of Woodland. Mary Lang
ford of Eureka, Miss Dora Zumdpwski i
of Watsonville and Miss Stella Finkel
dey of Santa Cruz. The other candi- j
dates in nomination and who had many
', friends were: Miss Alice Welsh of
Lodi. Mrs. Frances Barton of San
Francisco and Mrs. Lena Bee Mills of
San Francisco.
At the afternoon session a motion to
the effect that September 9 be recog
nized as the official day for the honor-
Ing of the pioneers, services to be held
under the auspices of all parlors, was
adopted. The parlor had a laborious
session during the afternoon, clearing
the table of routine business, much of
which rela'°d to secret work. The
board of directors for the Grand Parlor
was named as follows: Mrs. Genevieve
Baker. Miss Mariana Bertola, Miss C.
K. Wittenmeyer, Miss Lizzie Douglass,
Mrs. Carrie R. Durham, Miss E. A.
Spencer. Mrs Lena H. Mills.
The presentation of the past presi
dent's ring, a custom followed by the
order for many years, was made to
Mrs. Lena Hilke Mills, the retiring
grand president, by Mrs. Mary K. Till
man, the Junior past president attend
ing at the time.
The following resolutions were
passed:
Resolved, Thai for courtesies extended
by the citizens of Stockton and for the
cordial reception and entertainment by
Stockton Parlor No. 7. Native Sons of the
Golden West, we, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, at this, the thirteenth
annual session, hereby express our heart
felt appreciation and thanks: that we
hereby express to Miss Kathryn Uilke of
New York our admiration of her beautiful
voice and our pleasure in listening to her
singing; that the grand secretary be in
structed to express the foregoing resolu
tions through the medium of the press.
Resolved. That a rising vote of thanks
be extended Joaquin Parlor No. 5 Native
Daughters of the Golden West, its local
committees and Its president for their per
fect hospitality to us, and their untiring
efforts in our behalf, also to its sisters
who exemplified for us the ritualistic
work.
Resolved. That this Grand Parlor rec
ognizing the efficient work of the grand
secretary. Sister Ceorpie < '. Ryan, and of
the prand assistant secretary. Sister L
.1. Frakes, accord to these sisters a vote
of 4 hanks.
Resolved. That appreciation of this
Grand Parlor he extended to the Record
the Mail and the Independent, and to the
San Francisco press, for interest In our
proceedings.
We congratulate this Grand Parlor and
't"- executives who have so faithfully and
acceptably presided over the deliberations
upon a very successful session
ELIZA D. KEITH.
LAURA J. FRAKES
CLARA K. WITTENMEYER
The installation of grand officers was
the final work of the parlor and it was
7:.'iO (.'dock before the session <>f the
afternoon ended.
The ball tendered the del<-»a- n tos to
night by Stockton Parlor No. 7. Native
Sons of the Golden West, was one of
the most elaborate functions ever wit
nessed in this city. Four hundred
couples participated. Agricultural p a -
Villon, where the brilliant gathering
assembled, was a mass of bunting,
flaps and flowers. Expert decorators
were brought from San Francisco t.i do
the decorating. Hundreds of lights
flashed from dome and from stage. An
orchestra <>f twenty-five pieces Bupplied
music.
The grand march took place shortly
after 9 o'clock. it was led by the
Rrnnd officers, followed by the dele
grates, then the local parlors and visit-
Ing members. All the appointments or
the place were perfect and from th^
opening 1 dance all went merrily. Most
of the delegates will leave to-morrow
for their homes.
Colonel William B. Fyfe Dead.
STOCKTON. .lime 16.— Colonel William I
B. Fyfe died to-day after a lingering ill- |
ness. He was a native of Glasgow and at
the time of his death was nearlng his '
76th birthday. He came to this country
when a young man. At the outbreak of
the. civil war ho enlisted with the Illinois
volunteers, and never laid down arms till !
after Lee's surrender. Before the war he '
was active in; assisting many negroes to
Canada. Colonel Fyfe was a man of supe- '
rior character, and was active as Caledo
nian. Grand Army man and Odd Fellow
He leaves four children, two of whom
were with him when the end came.
Diplomas for Three.
RIO VISTA. June IB.— The commence
ment exercises of St. Gertrude's Academy
were held here yesterday. Three young
ladies graduated— Miss Ethel Thomas of
Alameda: Miss Edna Purkntt and Miss
Georgie Purkett of Willows. Rev. Father
Thomas, the local pastor, conferred the
graduation honors. The following were
awarded gold medals: Miss Lottie ' Smith,
for elocution: Miss Kate Grant, for good
conduct; Miss Sadie Gaunce. for fancy
work, and Miss Dena Becker, for busi
ness. Miss Beesie. Flammer received a sil
ver medal for catechism.
FACTORY GIRLS
AID STRIKERS
Surround a Street Car
at Cleveland.
Special Uisrat.h to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 16.— After
a quiet morning-, rioting on the part of
sympathizers of the street railroad
strikers broke out at noon in various
sections of the city. The first out
break occurred at the corner of Clark
avenue and Pearl street, when tke
street railway company sent a car
fmm Lakeview filled with non-union
employes and guarded by a force of
policemen, to attempt to operate the
Holden avenue line. The South
Siders dirt not take kindly to the Im
ported motormen and conductors, and
bricks, stones and eggs were hurled
at the car. The windows in the car
were smashed and the non-union men
rushed out and joined the strikers,
line of them, who was struck on the
fare by a brick, fainted. Two arrests
were made by the police.
Shortly after noon girls employed in
factories in the wholesale district sur
rounded a Euclid avenue car at the
corner of Superior and Bank streets.
After making it unpleasant for the mo
torman and the conductor the girls
drew back, and men and boys hurled
missiles at the car. A number of ar
rests were made.
An outbreak occurred on Perkins
avenue, at the Cleveland and Pittaburg
railway crossing, where cars were ob
structed. A little later a Wilson
avenue crosstown car struck and ex
ploded, a torpedo that had been laid on
the rail near the corner of Wilson
and Sixth avenues. The car was near
ly blown from the track. Flames
burst through the car floor, but
were soon extinguished. There were no
j passengers on hoard. On the track the
police found the remains of the tor-
I pedo, consisting of two pieces of tin
with ;i wad of paper wedged between
them.
VICTORY FOR RIDGWAY.
Warrant Against Reclamation Dis-
trict Given Priority.
WOODLAND, June lfi.— Jtidpe Gaddis
has rendered an imjxirtant decision in the
case of .1. W. Browning vs. T. O. Arens.
Treasurer of Colusa County, ■which he
tried a couple of months apo in the
Superior t'ourt of Colusa County. The
material question involved in the case has
never been decided upon by higher courts,
ami Judge (Jaddls has given it a great
deal of consideration.
The plaintiff petitioned the court for
a writ of mandate to compel the County
Treasurer to pay certain warrants is
sued by the Trustees of Reclamation J>is
trict No. 108, between July 25. 159.".. and
i February '-'7. 18%. .1. W. Rldgway inter-
I vened m the action .md resisted the pay
| mult of the warrants on the ground thin
! he was the holder of a warrant for $S(HM.
dated January 11, 1572. against said dis
trict, which had been presented to the
] County Treasurer and payment refused
| for want <>( .funds. Mr. Ridgway regis
tered the warrant and contended that he
was entitled to priority when there were
sufficient funds to pay it.
The court holds that all warrants must
be paid in the order in which they art
presented and registered when funds be
come available, and that the intervenor's
I warrant has priority, and must be paid
I when there is sufficient money -in the fund
jto pay the whole ef his warrant. The
petition for writ of mandate is denied.
Mourning in Williams.
WILLIAMS, June 16.- William Pres
ton Stovall filed at hi? home west of
Williams at 1:30 o'clock this morning. He
was born in Colusa County and was 35
years old. Heart failure was the cause of
death. He was the eldest son of J. c.
Stoval of the Stovall-Wilcoxson Company
and had charge of in.fiOi) acres of farming:
land for the corporation. In May. IS;k
Mr Stovall was married to Miss Cook,
daughter of A. J. Cook, at Oakland.
OBDONTUNDER!
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot ami adopt some-
thing up to date. Beware of students and men runninp dental parlors who have no
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth nave been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on tile in our office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at. our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may tie protected
against these fakers. For the purpose cf Introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below « few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICK LIST FOR 90
DAYS, commencing June 17:
EXTRACTION, 25*: CROWNS, $2.00 to .<sin.no
PAISVESB EXTRACTION, s<le: PLATES, *:*.<><» to Bia.."iO:
FILLINGS, 35e; REMOVABLE BRIDCEWORK. *:;.<>O per Tooth.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815^ GEARY ST.. Bet. Hyde anl Larkin.
office hours, 9 a. m. to E p, in.
SOME PROGRESS
ON ARBITRATION
Delegates Get Time to
Deliberate.
GERMANY MAY YET YIELD
PROSPECT OF ESTABLISHING
PERMANENT TRIBUNAL.
The Representatives of the United
States Object to Its Location at
The Hague, the S=at of a
Monarchy.
Preoial LMspau-h to Th* Tall.
NEW YORK, June 16.— A spe
efal to- the Sun from The Hague
says: The Catholic members of
the conference have returned
their Invitations as a protest
againsi the exclusion of the Pope
from the conference.
THE HAGUE, June 16.— The drafting;
committee of the arbitration tribunal
scheme, which should have met to-day,
adjourned its sittings to Monday next.
The ostensible reason for the adjourn- '
ment was the absence of Baron Estiur- j
n^Hes de Constant of the French dele
gation, who drew up the minutes. It
is possible, however, that the delegates j
had not received sufficient instructions
from their respective governments to |
make further progress.
The delegates do not regret the oppor
tunity of a few more days' time to de
liberate. The difficulty now chiefly con
sists in reconciling a scheme of tht>
other powers with the view of Ger
many, but the prospect is more hope
ful.
Even if no agreement should be
leached an arbitration organization
will nevertheless be arranged and will
remain open to such of the powers as
are not able to sign now. In the mean
time every effort will be made to mccl
thi- Herman views.
The naval section committee met to
day and received the report of Count
Soltlk. A majority of the section will
favor the prohibition of explosives in
t'-niied to spread asphyxiating gases
and the use of rams on warships. The i
questions of limiting gun caliber, armor
plates and the form of powder remain
undecided, pending the receipt of in- >.
structi(,ns from the various govern- I
menta The report will be submitted!
first to the committee and then to the |
conference.
LONDON, June IT. — The correspond
ent of the Daily News at The Hague,
who asks whether the Kaiser hem found
his road to Damascus, says: "A Cabi
net messenger arrived here this morn
ing from Berlin with fresh instructions
to Count Munster. They were of such
a nature that several delegates re
marked that a new situation had been
created thereby and they must write
home for fresh instruction?. One said:
•Arbitration is getting on swimmingly.'
Possibly as the result of these instruc
tions the German delegates have be
come more fidgety.
"Twelve of the leading delegates took
luncheon with Mr. White of the Ameri
can delegation yesterday and discussed
the proposed central bureau of a per
manent tribunal. Sir Julian Pauncefote
suggested that the control of the bu
reau should be vested in the Dutch
Government, but the Americans raised
the curious objection that as Holland
is a monarchy such an arrangement
would hurt the feelings of the citizens
of a free republic.
"Sir Julian Pauncefote thereupon
suggested making The Hague the seal
of a permanent bureau ((imposed of
the resident Ministers of foreign states.
Mr. White suggested that the Dutch
Minister of Foreign Affairs should pre
side over the bureau, and to this Sir
Julian assented."'
Fighting for Change of Venue.
wool >LAN D. June 16.— Attorney Gen
eral Ford has filed a second amended de
mand for a change of venue to Sacra
mento County of the case of Yolo County
vs. K. P, Colgan, State Controller, to re- j
cover fees for collecting State taxes. The I
motion tor a change of venue was denied
a few days ago by Judge Gaddls upon the
ground that the pleadings were faulty, j
(n the affidavit of merit of Mr. < 'olgan I
he stated that he had presented his de
fense to counsel and had been advised
that he had a pood defense. In order to
romply with the law the affidavit should
have stated that Mr. Colgan had present
ed both sides of the case to his counsel.
The second amended affidavit complies
with the law in that regard. Judge
Gaddis will rehear the motion on June 7.
PASSENGER STEAMER
SUNK ON THE ODER
Disaster Near the Village of Zuell-
chew in Which Thirty Persons
Are Drowned.
STETTIN, June 6.— the river Oder,
off the village of Zuellchew, the passen
gen steamer Bluecher was run into ana
sunk by the steamer Poelitz to-day.
Thirty persons are reported to have been
drowned. Ten were saved.
Among the passengers were some fifty
school children, a majority of whom it is
believed were saved. No bodies have yet
been recovered from the sunken steamer.
. Fire Destroys Hay.
WOODLAND, June 16.— A fire, the oripin
of which is unknown, burned about thirty
tons of hay belonging to Joseph GHgulere,
near Cachevllle, this morning. The heat
is intense, grain straw is as dry as tinder
and the farmers are taking every precau
tion to guard agafnst flre.
Grain Warehouse Burned.
WOODLAND. June 16.— A special to the
Democrat says the warehouse of J. \v.
Browning: at Grimes Landing, the largest
of its kind on the river, and 5600 tons of
wheat were destroyed between 5 and 6
o'clock this morning. The origin of the
flre Is a mystery.
INDICTMENT OF
IDAHO MINERS
Report Made by Grand
Jury on Riots.
NAMES NOT MADE PUBLIC
TRAGIC DEATH OF MIKE JOHN-
SON IS IGNORED.
Interesting Argument in the Case of
the Mullan Mirror in Which Both
Martial and Civil Law-
Figure.
Sriecial Dispatch t.. Tho Call.
WAI. L.\<-K. Idaho, June 16.— This af
ternoon the Grand Jury reported as
follows:
"In accordance with your charge we
have carefully, examined Into all cases
growing out of the riots of April 29 In
Shoshone County, and after mature de
liberation have found true bills against
all participants who have been Identi
fied. A large number of others who are
identified as participants, but -whose,
true name? are unknown to us, have
been indicted under fictitious names.
We would recommend that owing to th;>
fact that large numbers of parties in
dicted are not in custody that after
tiling the indictments be not published,
unless so ordered by the court.
"The matter of the death of Mike
Johnson tih«' lunatic drowned at Ward
ner Saturday) vis further presented to
us. bumi >>n careful investigation we find
no evidence of death from unlawful,
violent or external causes, therefore we
have Ignored the same. There being no
further business before us we ask to be
discharged."
Accompanying the report was a large
mass of indictments. There were about
fifty, but many contained numerous
names, so the number indicted will re
main unknow n.
The whole afternoon was spent by
the court listening to arguments in the.
case of Stewart versus Sinclair. The
defense moved to quash the complaint
and the plaintiffs for an order to pro
cure sufficient help to take possession
of the type from the Mullan Mirror.
Both motions were argued at the same
time, as they were so intimately con
nected. Defendants argued that mar
tial law and civil law could both ex
ist at the same time, each being su
preme in its way. Plaintiff argued that
both kinds of law could not be co
existent; it martial law prevailed civil
courts could not act. _,
UNION MEN BECOME
MORE DEFIANT AT BURKE
WALLACE, Idaho. June I^. — As soon as
Company D, Twenty-fourth Jnfantry, left
Burke the union men became more de
fiant, only four soldiers being on guard
there. To-day Company D returned to
Burk- and Troop L. First Cavalry, came
back here. Pan of the troop arrived dur
ing the night.
Guards to Elect Officers.
MARYSVILLE, June 16.— election
has been called by the local military com
pany for next Monday evening, when suc
cessors to Captain G. H. Voss and Sec
ond Lieutenant David Canning, whoso
terms have expired, will he chosen. It is
conceded that Captain Voss. who com
manded the Marysvilic volunteers during
their connection with the Eighth Regi
ment, will be re-elected, but as Lieuten
ant Canning has decided to retire
from military life, there is a likeli
hood of a lively contest for his office. No
less than six of the the non-commissioned
officers are mentioned for the place. Next
Tuesday evening the company will report,
for muster and inspection. Major Douglas
of Sacramento to be the inspecting officer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i. £% These Num«
3 -%J 2 bers Signify
/\a Great Deal
(\ jSm *° very
/^l MAN
TTV WOMAN.
TTV WOMAN.
A DEFICIENCY OF STRENGTH", EMACIA-
tion, paleness, lack of nergy and poverty
of the blood is usually caused by imperfect as-
similation of the food that we take into our
stomachs. The reason that this food is not as-
similated is because it is but imperfectly dl-
gested. Indigestion is the source of the greater
percentage of the Ills to which human flesh is
I heir. The symptoms of indigestion are often
deceptive, and mislead one as regards the na-
ture of the trouble.
If you suffer with dull or throbbing headaches
(Flk. 1), pale, haggard complexion (Fig-. 2),
coated tongue and offensive breath (Fig. 3).
fluttering of heart <Kig. 4), heaviness or sore-
ness in stomach (Fig. •'.>. gaseous eructations,
bloating, loss of appetite, costiveness or sleep-
lessness, then beware, for your stomach is at
fault. Don't wait until chronic Inflammation
or ulceration of the stomach takes place, but
begin treatment early.
HUDYAN will cure you
: : Bound and well.
; : HI'DYAN . is a com-
• MPN AND • plete and positive cure
"• ,i;minw ' lor aII forms of »n<*iges-
: WOMEN : tlon or dyspepsia. Since
: ADVISED ' thf< brain sympathizes
■ rnnr ■ with the stomach when
| FRfct. • it is put of order. HUD-
• • VAN' will promptly over-
CALL or WRITE.- come despondency, men-
; '■ tal depression, sleeple?*-
-: : ness and Irritability of,
temper.
Biliousness and' constipation are nearly al-
ways associated with stomach trouble. HUD-
; VAN cures these disorders, perfectly and per-
' manently. take HUDYAN you will recommend
If you take HXJDTAN you will recommend
it to your friends, for HUDYAN la a positive
! cure for all digestive disorders.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists, oOc a
package or six packages for $2 50. __,,
If your druggist does not keep - HLDYAN.
- send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO..
corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San
MAY a CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
YOU MAY CONSULT THE III'PYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CAPE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
PChleke*ter"e Eaallsh DUaond Brand. '--
ENNYRbYAL PiLLS
— <i"*x Original and Only Genuine. A
. i /T4-*v\ safe, i!waj> r*li»6ic, utoiia tsk
£/ |Q (L^IU PrTißjijt for Ckicheittr < Enrjlith D:ajS\^.
El4lp&)&r»<"*'£<>n'l in Red ml Gold me»llie\%Mr
>v . ictled with bine ribbon. Toko VB'
"M 9% Wjno other. />/•„•«' daugtrn. muUlitu- ▼
I / — iff tiitu and imitations. At Drn;sUt», or irnd4«.
I C» JJf In • i:r.- b hi partlcolari, tntiaanitli tad
V V* Mb " Kellnf tar Ladlen," in Utlt-. br return
A FT Mell. IO.OO»T<-«!mo»ul». Kan* Paper.
x ~«^'/Chl»he»terCSeMlp»lt'o..M«dl»OßBqm»r%
fkUbjaU Local uniffliu. PHIL A f>A~ i'i 7
DR.MCNULTYT
flilj^S EM,-I(NOW.N AND RELIABLE OLD
L LV^d«ltßteurei Private, Nervous, and Blood Din.
eases o/ Men only. Bo»» on Private Diseases und
Weaknesses of .Alec. free. Over 20y'r?' experience.
Patients curedai Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to3daiiy;3.3otoB:3o ergs. Sidhlhvs. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, or address
.P. »OBCOE Mf.MIiTY. M.D.
««',' Kearnv St., Sac Francisco. CnL
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNEY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Booms, ,50c to $150 day;
(6 to is week; |S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flre (rates la tvtrj!
room; elevator runs all nUht.
34
TWO EXPLOSIONS
IN A COAL MINE
Eieven Men Perish at
Cape Breton.
RESCUERS AMONG VICTIMS
MEET DEATH IN ATTEMPTIIT^
TO SAVE OTHEHS.
Fire Now Rages in the Pits Where
the Disasters Occurred and th<*
Flames Cannot Be
Quenched.
' I '■:»!.
HALIFAX; N. 8., June 16.—Accord
ing to an i/fflcial acoount •>! this morn
ing's disaster in the Caledonia mine of |
tin 1 Dominion Coal Company at Glace .
J'.ay, C7ape t 'reton here ■ ere two ex- '
plosions, the, first killing six men and!
the second live.. Fire started near what !
: -< known as the Deep^purnp.. the canst; j
being unknown. ; •<:■..• :, v .:< w«;re on j
their way out were overcome bj; an ex- j
plosion of lire damp and suffocated
where they fell. .Three quarters of an \
hour later a party of men ere on their j
way to the scene of the. fire, headed j
by Thomas Johnson, the underground j
manager, when an explosion of gas oc- j
curred, by which they v. ere killed In- |
stantly. The bodies of the victims, j
sitve. one, were recovered by a rescue j
party in which was John Johnson, • as- j
sistunt manager of the Dominion Coal |
Company and a son of one . -l' he dead, j
After great difficulty the position of the ;
fire was located and a body of volun- j
teers attacked the (tames with water.
This work as carried on vigorously
for several hours, when it was found
that the extent of the tire and the dim
culties of lighting it rendered efforts '
useless. i
Up to ..is evening the efforts of the
lire fighters had not been effectual in
extinguishing the (lames.
The men who lost their lives in the
disaster are:
THOMAS JOHNSON, underground
mans ;
JOHN DOYLE.
JOHN DOYLE JR., father and son,
the latter leaving a widow and three
child]
ARTHUR GRANT, leaving a widow
urul sire, children.
ALEXANDER MeDONALD, leaving
a widow and eight children.
STEPHEN MeCORMICK, leaving a I
widow and six children.
RORY Mi DOIT( L, i. ing a widow
and three children:
NEIL McDonald.
MA LCOLM AULEY.
WILLIAM SIMPSON. '
DONALD MARTIN, leaving a widow
and I wo children.
All of the bodies have been recovered I
except that of Martin.
It was about .". o'clock that the whis
tle, announcing that something was
wrong in the mine, was blown. In a
very short time the- streets wer« crowd
ed with frantic people. 1
Johnson, when found, was near one
of th- j crosscut doors. He as un
doubtedly killed by the fire of the ex- j
Pl^ ion - , , \,
The scone in the pit was of the most i
weird character. The dead men were'
thrown promiscuously Into the box!
cars and rushed to thfc.eage. I darkness i
was only broken by the flickering lights !
of the lamps in (he bauds of the res
cuers. The rescuing party was stagger- i
ing under the influence of the pas and ! ;
almost blinded with the smoke that was !
pouring in volumes upon them. One
of the men ■■> as found with his hands j
around a post McCormick was found j
with a handkerchief across his mouth i
and a waistcoast over his head. He :
probably went into one of the rooms i
to s:ive a mate, but the damp had be- •
come so dense that he succumbed. The
others were found in different attitudes \
and positions.
The coal in the West .Deep as >yell
as the timber is on fire. The air cur
rents changed seVc-ral 4 Imes while the '
volunteers* were in the pit, This wOultl \
indicate thai an explosion had taken!
place in the West -Deep. '■•-"::•<•'■'.
Thomas Brown, manager of the Cale- ;
donia, went down with th.-> rescue vol
unteers and was knock I senseless by .
the explosion. He was carried from the
pit unconscious, but* will recover.'-
The Caledonia colliery averages -500
tons per day. ■ .
STRIKERS LEAVING
FOR NEW FIELDS
Few of the Copper Miners Remain in :
the Vicinity oi T~-n Moun
tain.
REDDING, June It!.— Humors were cur- j
rent to-day that a settlement bad been
reached in the Iron Mountain strike, and
that the men would x<> back to work at ,
an increase of pay, but there Is yet no
foundation for ihe reports'. There are
only a few striki-rs left at Keswick, not
many more In Redding and still fewer at |
Iron Mountain. There is no organization !
of the strikers and the men are leaving,
for other Held by every trail Tho j
smelter? of the big company are still run- 1
ninp full blast. When an attempt is
made to reopen the mine the only ob
stacle that wi, be encountered^ it is be
lieved, will be ihe difficulty in engaging
suitable men. Gooa miners were scarce
in Shasta County and now since so many
of the strikers have prone to Colorado,
Montana and British Columbia, the scar
city will be felt more keenly.
FOR DUTY IN THE YOSEMITE
One Troop of the Sixth Cavalry Com
ing to California.
WASHINGTON, June 16. One troop of
the Sixth Cavalry now at Fort Leaven
been directed to proceed to the
h will ]..
for duty In Vo»etnite Valley. As a r-snit
of the aesigmneni of additional troops to
! ('tis' command, the authorities
have found that only one-foucfh or the
regular army In the United
garrison the many posts dN
tributed all over the country and to tßk<
:■■■ of the valuable artillery pi
:ii i ■ 1\- f> I•< I'l <C t S
fellow Fever Abating
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1899, by James ';..> ;
loa Itr-nnett.
PANAMA. June According to offi
cial information, fever .is diminishing.
There have been no new cases this week.
The fatal cases have been among priests
recently arrived from the Philippines,
Steamer? leaving Colon are enforcing a
strict medical examination among the
passengers before embarking. No sus
picious cases are admitted.
Pears' soap is
dried a whole
year. That's
why it lasts so.
GOLD FROM THE
RICH KLONDIKE
More Than a Ton Being
Brought Out.
— «
MANY MERCHANTS RETURNING
COME FBOM DAWSON CITY TO
BEPLENISH SUPPLIES.
Some Fabulously Paying Clfiims Be
irg Worked in the Vicinity of
Dawson Will Yield Many
Millions This Year.
: Dlspatcfc to The Call.
SKAGUAY, Juno 13 (via Seattle,
Wash., June 16). — A large amount of
gold dust and nuggets was landed at
White Horse Rapids last Friday, June
), from the first '.three steamers to reach ,
that po-lnt from Dawson City. Over
one ton of it was officially checked off \
by the officers at White Horse when |
making the transfer from steamer to
steamer. The remainder was divided in
packages ranging from ten to seventy- •
live pounds, carried by the more than
thirty passengers of the three boats.
They were in all sorts of odd pack- :
ages and with no attempt at conceal- ;
ment. Owing to the low stage of the
water on the lakes and rivers it was irn- I
possible for the small steamers from i
Bennett to reach them before Sunday,
and the first lot of sixty-live was landed
in Bennett yesterday by the Nora and i
reached Skaguay last evening. An
other lit of over 100 reached here at 2 I
/(.lock this morning and the remainder
will get here some time to-day.
The consensus of opinion gathered
from almost every man aching Skag- i
nay was to the effect that the output
if the Klondike in the past year would
be between $15,000,000 and $20,000,000.
Fftevn millions, which will nearly
iouble last year's output, will be found
to be good figures to gamble on.
Frank Slavin, the prize-fighter, has
a sack weighing fifty-four and a half
pounds.
Oscar Odin and his partner, Jack
Raymond, had . 200 pounds between
I hem.
Louis Allanberry struggled under 106 j
pound cf dust and $SOOO In bills.
Thomas McLaric of Shelton, Wash., '
has 120,000 .in dust, William Rogers
J3OOO and Joe Clerkln $5000. Every ho- '
tel safe in Bkaguay last night was
crammed full of gold dust, with a !
watchman on guard all night, and as I
these safes could not accommodate all :
who had gold the safes of the several \
merchants had to be called into requi- |
sition, and the largest of these were
taxed to I heir utmost.
This gold is brought out largely by I
me chants, with only a. few miners who
have been in the Klondike all the way
irom a year to three years. Only about j
half of it is from the winter's clean-up !
and- that from benching, as sluicing
had only about commenced when the
steamer left- Dawson about May 25.
Nelson A. Goucher, who has been
working No. 9 El Dorado, says that
thai famous creek will surpass all ex
pectations. No. 9, owned by Mercer-&
Demars, will clean up at least $200,000.
No. 17 El Dorado, he believes, will
prove to be the richest claim on the |
whole; Klondike. Mr. Peacock of Que- \
bee, -who owns a -interest, had j
thlrlvrseven m*n at work on it all win- |
ter and th« ■ clean-up- will be in the }
neighborhood of from $1,200,000 to $1,- |
500,000. n
< iii Professor Lippy's claim, No. 16 {
El Dorado, they quit drifting on March
i, as they bad more pay dirt out than j
they will be able to wash up this sea- j
son. The dirt is very rich. The results I
of this claim cannot be estimated, but
will be enormous.
A n tone's claim, No. 2 El Dorado, Is:
also -exceedingly rich, but no figures !
are given. E. VV. Ward of Newcastle,
Wash., who is on Bonanza, said when I
he left they were working rockers on
benches and sluicing had only fairly
begun. Not much work is being done
below Discovery, but great activity
prevails above it and the claims are |
showing up rich. Dominion Creek is j
going to make a good record and so is
Hunker, but it is too early yet to give
figures from any or' those creeks owing
to the distance and difficulties of the
trail to and from Dawson.
.Many of the men just come out are ■
merchants, who are here to replenish |
their stocks and get back again as soon
as possible, j
Peter Odin gives a good account of I
Gold Hill at the junction of El Dorado I
and Bonanza and says the results will
surprise many.
The exact figures of the actual out
put will never be known, for the reason
that every effort is being made to
evade the royalty and every trick and
device is being resorted to in order to
smuggle the dust out of the country.
Frank Slavin and his partners have
thirty-seven placer claims, most of
them good. There has been a lot of
prospecting for quartz, but no great
discoveries have been heard from.
Slavin Is going to New York and Lon
don. He and his partners have bonded
the Dome quartz proposition with a 1
London company and got $100,000 for
development work.
Among those who came in on the
early train with small tin boxes 01
sacks of gold was Mr. Preston, former
assayer here, who, besides his dust, has
a nugget weighing $88. - Among other
noted "heavy-weights are Stanley Mc-
Grade, I. Moen, W. F. Forget, Colonel
Green, N. G. Goucher, S. Clement, A. R.
cox. !•:.<■. Campbell and E. w! Morrill.
Clement, who owns No. IS above on
Bonanza, carries drafts exchanged in
Dawson for his gold, the aggregate of
which covers six figures.
The steamer* Columbian was wrecked
June '.i by striking a rock six miles be
low White Horse Rapids. She is a
total loss. The Columbian had a large
list of passengers, who were trans
ferred to other steamers.
The ice is still troublesome. The Nora
on her way down to White Horse went
through two miles of nine-inch ice on
Marsh T,nke. At Cariboo Crossing the
Nora passed three stranded steamers,
the- Australia, Clifford Sexton and
the Cleaner. The latter got «>ff short-
ly after an<l started for Atlin *'i:y,
but blew out her cylinder head in Taku
Arm and had to tie up to the bank.
The water at Cariboo Crossing is only
eighteen Inches de< p.
VETERANS IN CAMP.
War Heroes Tenant a City of Ten
at Petaluma.
I'HT.M.rMA, June 16. <3rand Army
veterans arrived in numbers to-day, anil
this evening Camp IMII at Agricultural
Park sheltered several hundred old sol
diers and their families. To-nigbt ttu en
campment was formally opened with a
ri-< i ptloii at the 'opera-house. General
Bharter addressed the veterans. The pa
vilion at the camp ground has been reno
vated and equipped with electric liKhts.
The city has been appropriately decor
ated, the star? and stripes floating from
all the public buildings in honor uf the
old soldiers.
Nicholas T. Romaine Dead.
NEW YORK, .Jim.- Id— Nicholas T. Ro
iri*--. 76 years old. died at the home of
his son in Hackensack, N. J.. to-day from
paralysis.- He was, a native of Bergen
County, New Jersey, but for many years
he was In the. iron business in San Fran
cisco and returned East last year.
THE 8A"N T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 1899.
DRUIDS TO GATHER AT
PLACERVILLE.
Placerville's Masonic Temple, Where the Grand Grove
Will Meet.
PI.A<EKVILLE, June 16.—Prepa
rations are already under way
for the meeting of the Grand
Grove of Druids, which will be
held in Masonic Hal! here, begin
ning on the 20th mat. A pleasing pro
FEUD OF RIVAL
TEXAS FACTIONS
Renewal of Hostilities
Prevented.
Syeeia! Dlsnatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Texus. June 16.— Adjutant
Genera] Thomas Scurry returned tg-<lny
from Columbus, Texas, whero he has
been for tho pant several days Hiding the
force of rangers In preventing a renewal
of hostilities between the two factions of
that place. He reached there last Sunday
morning ant! found tho situation extreme
ly critical, on the day previous a whole
sale killing having been narrowly averted
through the bravery and quick action of
a member of the force of nuiKcrH.
A crowd of what Is known as the K< ••<■.
faction, were in a saloon. ah wort-, arm
• d. and just as a party of tin-, opposing
faction came down the street, a gun of
one of the Recce band was accidentally
discharged. There was a rallying of
forces on both sides immediately. Ranger
Taylor was near the saloon and single
handed he .disarmed all the members of
both factions. The excitement in the
towi; was intense, all places of business
being closed in expectation of bloodshed.
Two more rangers were Bent for and
have reached the town. Every man ap
pearing on the street is searched and if
found to be carrying a weapon be is dis
arm eti
Adjutant General Scurry visited the
leaders of the two factions In their homes,
and finally induced ten of the principal
members of the Recce faction to leave
town. They left yesterday and it is
thought if they carry out their promise
to remain away there will be no further
trouble.
The feeling between the two factions la
an extremely bitter one. and the most
prominent and wealthy professional men
in the town never appear on the streets
without a bodyguard. This remarkable
feud commenced in ISBI, and has so far
resulted in the killing of six prominent
citizens of the town.
CAN DETECT FORCES
USING SMOKELESS POWDER
Professor Fessenden Invents a Tele-
scope That May Become Useful
in War.
PITTSBURG, Pa,, June IG.— Reginald A.
Fessenden, professor of electric engineer
ing at the Western University of Penn
sylvania, declares that with a telescope
which he is now perfecting soldiers can
detect the location of hostile forces using
smokeless powder. Secretary Alger thinks
enough of the claims of the inventor to
consider tile Invention. Special interest is
taken in the matter by the administration
because of the costly experience of the
American troops in Cuba and the Phil
ippines.
Chemicals in smokeless powder are such
as to produce a white Hash- which is in
visible to the naked eye in the daytime.
Professor Fessenden procured from the
arsenal here some cartridges chart/: )
with smokeless powder And became con
vinced the Hash could be made visible by
some agency that would cause a repro
duction on its surface of the powder (lash.
With the assistance of Professor F. V.
O. Wadsworth. director of the Allegheny
Observatory, he began experiments ijj
ascertain what wave colors the Hash
would produce upon various colored glass. 1
He finally found that glass of a reddish
brown shade produced the effect he want
ed—that of showing the flash as it would
appear nt night when a red flash can l«e
noticed. He afterward constructed , i
telescope and eyeglasses for use accord
ing to the distance of the observer from
the gun.
For some time he has been in corre
spondence with the War Department of
ficials and will make a trip to Washington
Boon to explain his apparatus and make
tests before an examining board, which
will take action toward urging the pur
chase of Professor Fessenden's invention.
The professor regards the invention as a
secret of the nation and refuses to give
details as to the apparatus.' The profes
sor is the inventor of numerous electrical
appliances/and before coming to the uni
versity he worked under Edison.
ANTI-TRUST CONFERENCE.
Two Governors Send Letters of Ap
proval to Sayers.
AI'PTIN. Tex.. Jniie It>.— Governor Say
ers to-day received a letter from Gov
ernor JuFoph T. Johnson of Alabama,
statlnp: that he would attend the anti
trust conference m be h< id (o St. Louis
September 20. Jlp also received a letter
from Governor Frederick B. Fanchor of
North Dakota, who writes:
"It is undoubtedly of the greatest im
portance that whatever action may be
taken shall be of a iiniform character and
adopted by as many States as possible
There is absolutely no sentiment what
ever In this section in favor of trust*
We hay*. very good laws In North Da
kota in regard to trusts and combina
tions, but I feel confident that the peo
ple of this Siatc- will be grind to co-ope
rate with the othpr States and Terri
tories In a peneral movement that has
for its object the protection of the inter
ests of the people against the encroach
ment of combinations of all kinds und
character."
gramme for the entertainment of the
visiting delegates during the four days
the Grand Grove will be in session has
been prepared by the local groves —
California No. 1 and El Dorado No, 34
—and the citizens of Placerville. It in
cludes a reception at Sigwart's Opera
ADJUSTING THE
WAGE QUESTION
Anti-Trust Plant Miners
Return to Work.
GENERAL RAISE OF RATES
COMMITTEES APPOINTED TO
SETTLE OTHER GRIEVANCES.
The Outlook in Colorado Is Encour
aging and Governor Thomas Is
Aiding in Settling the
Strike.
*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PUEBLO, Col., June 16.— Final adjust
ment of wages at the Philadelphia
Smelter, the Guggenheim anti-trust
plant, was effected to-night, the men ac
cepting the scale of the company, with tha
exception that the lowest- Class of labor
will be paid $1 40 per day Instead of $1 32,
as offered by the company. The company
expects to be in full operation in all de
partments with 1200 men by June 20.
There Is no change at any of the other
plants.
DENVER, June 16.— The developments
of the past twenty-four hours in the
smelter strike have Deen decidedly encour
aging. Particularly la so the announce
ment from Pueblo that the employes ol!
the Philadelphia smelter have accepted
the latest wage schedule offered by *.he
company and that the great plant will be
working with a full complement of '.200
men by June 20. No tangible progress has
been made in the efforts to BMtle the dif
ferences between the American Smelting
and Refining Company and its men. but
a movement inaugurated to-day by Gov
ernor Thomas is looked upon with a good
deal of hope.
This afternoon Governor Thomas wrote
to ex-Governor Grant, the chairman of
the operating committee of the American
; Smelting and Refining Company, asking
i him if his committee would consent -to
: meet a committee of citizens not in .my
way Identified with the State Federation
of Labor nor with the smelting business,
to be chosen by Mayor Johnson and Him
self, and discuss the situation with -i
view of bringing aTjout a settlement of
the trouble. Mr. Grant readily consent?).]
to the proposition, and th« Governor. in
conjunction with Mayor Johnson of thJa
city, named the following committee, who
promptly consented to serve: Former
Governor Alva Adams. William Church,
president of the Golden Pressed Brick
Company; J. K. Mullen, proprietor of the
Hungarian Mills; K. T. Jefferv. president
of the Denver and Rio Grande Railway;
Rev. Barton O. Aylesv/orth; president of
the State Agricultural College.
The committee will meet with the smel
ter officials at the office of the Governor
at the St alehouse at IJ:3O o'clock to-mor
row morning. While it Is said that they
have no definite plan in view, th.c mem
bers express the belief that the confer
ence will be productive, of good in soijie
way.
The Smelter Men's Union was in session
till a late hour to-night considering the
proposition of /President Coatea of the
State Federation of Labor, that a com
mittee be appointed to confer with the
operating committee of the company with
a view of effecting a compromise. The
company's committee, through its chair
man, former Governor J. B. Grant, re
fused yesterday to confer with the. ex
eeuitve board of the State Federation of
Labor, but expressed a willingness to
treat with its own workmen at any time.
The union, after a long discussion of the
matter, decided to put the matter In the
hands of the strike committee, which is
instructed to confer further with the ex
ecutive board of the Slate Federation of
bur before taking any action.
Ex-Governor Grant to-day said that the
company had no objection to the eight
hour shift proposition, and was wining
to pay the same scale now being paid by
the Boston anil Colorado. As the union
has' approved the action of the Boston
and Colorado's employes In accepting tills
scale, it is believed that a settlement with
the trust maybe made on that basis.
COURTING DAISY LETTER.
The Earl of Suffolk Said to Be En
gaged to the Chicago Girl.
Special «'alil<- to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copy righted, ISM. liy Jam.-s Gor
don Bennett.
CAMTTTA. Juno Ifi.-The Earl of Suf
fulK. as aid-de-camp to tho Viceroy, has
not found his duties Incompatible with
dancing close attendance upon Miss Daisy
■Letter. Though not publicly announced , it
is understood that an engagement for
some month:; has existed between his
Lordship and Miss Painy, hut it is im
probable that the marriage will take place
immediately.
Bull Fight at Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, June 16.— The commit
tee on Fourth of July celebration, out of
respect to America's new citizens, the in
habitants of the newly acquired Spanish
colonies, has decided to make a bull fight
a feature of the afternoon programme on
the holiday. The rins will be pitched on
the sand dunes south of town, the spec
tators to view Ihe buule from the wagon
bridee that crosses Yuba River. •
House, open-air conceits each evening,
a grand ball at the opera house, a ban
quet at Confidence Hall and excursion*
to* Coloma, the scene of Marshall's dis
covery of gold, and to some of the well
known mines on the mother lode north
and so-uth of the city.
TUOLUMNE'S OLD
SETTLERS GATHER
Sonora the Scene of a
Reunion.
Special Dispatch to The i ill,
SONORA, June 16.— 1n the language
of a local paper "the pioneers of the ;
county, the ex-residents of the county
and their friends are here in honor of
the Tuolumne Reunion Association."
To the average Tuolumne citizen it
looks as if everybody is here. The town
I from one end to the other Is decked
with bunting. . Movable objects, ye
: hicles, horses, bicycles and human be- ■,
ings are decorated with the national
colors. To-morrow morning at 9 o'clock
, the celebration will begin properly, but
I it is already on.
This evening when the Sierra train
- pulled up to the depot it contained an
j excursion from San Francisco and in
" terniediate points. It was the first ex-
I cursion that ever entered Sonora and
will doubtless be the largest for years
to come. The people of the town and
county and the visitors already in were
:at the depot to meet the visitors. The
strangers were given a rousing wel
come, while on the surrounding hills
j dynamite was exploded in their honor.
A temporary stand had been erected
| near the depot, upon which to hold the
| first services of receiving the visitors.
| After music by the Tuolumne Cornet
Band the school children of Sonora,
numbering 350, sang an ode of welcome
composed by .Miss Carrie Inch, daugh
ter of County Recorder Inch. It is en
titled "Welcome, Tuolumne County
Pioneers." State Senator J. B. Curtin
delivered the address of welcome. He
said in part:
Ladles and gentlemen and old citizens of
ruolumne: upon me has devolved the
pleasant duty of bidding you each the
hearty and sincere welcome of the people
Of old Tuolumne, and It is one to which I
most cheerfully respond.
You come among us again— of you
after many years in which have trans
■ pired many events, some of which will
gladden your hearts, and you will find
many changes which will sudden them
Tender memories will revert to kind old
, faces thai have passed to "that bourne
whence no traveler hath ever vet re
, turned," and the gold chain of friendship
will show, many a severed link; but you
i find among those who are still here and
among: the younger inhabitant:- the same
kind spirit of hospitality which pervaded
' the heart? of those, who have left us.
This occasion is one which we have all
■ looked forward to with pleasurable antici
-1 pation for many days, the realization of
■ which brings happiness to us all. The
bond of true friendship and sympathy ex
• , Istlng between yourselves and our people
• cannot fail to he renewed and bring you
' pleasure. , I am also aware that from the
immutable and unchanging laws of nature
[ after your day's journey you must feel
' some weariness, and therefore will make
a virtue, of necessity and not detain you
' longer by branching into complex and
profuse metaphors ■or by adverting to
, events enshrined within your hearts, but
! will re-echo the sentiment of our people
' and extend to you one and all a fervent
and hospitable welcome and say to you
• that our pleasure at your coming can only
, be marred by the regret that you cannot
always be with us. .".■■ ■•
■ Walter Gallagher of San Francisco
' responded to this address... He. spoke of
. being a native of old Tuolumne, of at
' tending ■school at the old brick school
bouse in early days and said that while
! there* were few children In those days
; ' it seemed from the myriad of songsters
' , about him that raising children was a
, | thriving industry now. He had been
i ! informed that Sonora was a cool place.
i but he knew that though it had changed
1 i its atmospheric conditions there would
be a hot time for the next few days.
' while the old-timers were here. . ~
Mrs. E. B. Sanborn of Fruitvale, the
"Mother of the Association," is hero,
■ i and is still in fine health and high spir
! its. . ■ •■■: ■ . ■ " ; '■■'■'■■ ■'■" " •■''•-
San Carlos School Graduates.
MONTEREY, June 16.— The commence
ment exerclsen of San Carlos Convent
School of this place were held in Bagby s
Opera Housi- yesterday afternoon. The
programme consisted of music, elocution
and calisthenic drills. At the conclusion
of the exercises Rev. Father R. M. .Me
tres, priest of this parish, made a short
■ddreafl mid pn-sented diplomas to the
three graduates-Misses Lucy Wolier,
Annie Raine and Elinor Sanchez, all of
Monterey. This was the fir*t commence
ment of San Carlos School, it having been
established just a year ago. The school
is under the direction of the Sisters of St.
Joseph, a noted educational order, whose
mother house is at St. ouis. Missouri
and is conducted in gnides ranging from
the primary and including the academic
Justin McCarthy has a character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
day's Call.
MOORE IN THE
ROLE OF ACTOR
Outlaw Testifies in His
Own Behalf.
DRAMATIC SCENE IN COURT
ILLUSTRATES HIS ENCOUNTER
WITH KILBOY.
Nearly Floors Attorney Tyrrell While
Showing- How the Policeman
Had Rushed Upon
. iim.
Special. Dispatch to Tho Call.
NEVADA CITY, June Edward
: H. Moore's Ups have at last been un
sealed. The outlaw went on the wit
-1 ness stand to-day and attempted to'
show the jury why he should not be
'. hanged for the murder of Policeman
Kilroy. The lawyers shouted themselves j
hoarse so as to make him hear their ,
questions, although he used an ear j
! trumpet. At one .point his ' lawyer,
John R. Tyrrell, said:
"Show me just how Kilroy came at
.you and spoke when he grabbed you j
j by the shoulders the Instant before it
is alleged you shot him."
The prisoner sprang from his chair.
' He rushed like mad at the lawyer, who
| was not braced to withstand such an
assault and went staggering backward.
"You will not live to have me ar
rested!" lie 'yelled in the lawyer's ear,
j as his powerful hands crashed down
on that gentleman's shoulder and his
thumbs went up against the lawyer's
windpipe. •That." said Moore, "is the
' way Kilroy came after me."
He claimed it is the last of the en
; counter he remembers, for just then he
i felt a blow on the head. He could re
: member nothing of the firing of three
'■ bullets into Kilroy and of fleeing from
j the scene of the killing. He came to his
senses when wandering' in a stream of
! water near his cabin. He rushed into
( the cabin, got his shotgun, another pis
tol and his blankets and fled, fearing
if he stayed around he would be torn
to pieces by a mob. He added that he
| Hist knew on being caught nearly a
; month later in Contra Costa County
| that he had killed the officer.
Moore's story was incongruous and in
many respects at variance with what
the prosecution had shown.
At the reopening of court this morn
ing Sheriff Ve&le of Contra Costa
; County detailed the story of his capture
of Moore. He was o-n the train at Bay
Point. He saw an armed man coming
up the track. It was Ed Moore, the
crack shot of Nevada Cc-unty, carrying
a double-barreled shotgun at full cock
! and in a position to quickly bring it to
| his shoulder. Veale had a Winchester,
j and, Jumping from the train, he got
the drop first. Moore, seeing he was
cornered, threw down ■ th*> gun and
. raised his arms. The little Sheriff told
; it all as quietly and modestly as he
I would say he was going to dinner, but
. even then it could not be otherwise than
dramatic In the extreme. ;.)['
This afternoon, when the prosecution
had rested. Lawyer Tyrrell made his
opening statement for the defense. He
said he would prove that Kilroy made
lan unwarranted and violent assault
upon Moore, whom he had long dogged
and sought to provoke into a display of
violence; that Moore, when he fired, be
; lieved he was about to be killed. He
j said he would show that Moore's
I father's uncle had died in an asylum for
; the insane; that he had an uncle in the
asylum at Reno, where he had been for
twenty-five years: that one of his male
1 cousins was an inmate of the Agnews
Asylum; that an aunt was crazy and
that his mother had died a raving
maniac. Moore" would be shown to have
been crazy for twenty years on various
subjects, one of which was that he was
I being constantly pursued by enemies
i who sought his life.
When Moore was sworn his direct tes- \
timony was clear and concise, and in
line with the double defense set up.
Then came a long and rigorous* cross
examination by District Attorney
Power.
When Moore went off the stand
George D. Buckley, an attorney, was
called, and the defense attempted to
show by him that Officer Kilroy was in
the habit of first clubbing people and
then arresting them, and that he had
so admitted when testifying- in court a
f»w months before his death. Judge
Nllon ruled this evidence oui and court
adjourned until to-morrow.
JAPANESE MIDDIES
BEAT THE RESERVES
Boat Crew of the Hiyei Outrows the
Pick of San Bingo's Naval
Organization.
SAX DIEGO, Juno 16.— The Japanese '
training ship Illyeijlias had a great week
In port. It will leave to-morrow morning
with not only pleasant recollections of San
Diego and its people but with the scalp of
the Naval Reserves at the Hiyei's mast
head. Two or three lays ago some of the
athletic young men of the Naval fiat
talion challenged the Japs to a boatrace.
The Japanese scratched their heads and
did a lot of talking, finally accepting; the
challenge. It was agreed to race In six
oared cutters for glory only, the winning i
side to fly the flag of its opponents at the '■■
forepeak of its vesaei, the Hiyel or ihe
Pinta. It was also stipulated, by request
of the Japanese, that at the turning point
the crews should exchange boats to share
any advantage, either side might possess
The race came off this afternoon at 5:30
o'clock, the course being from the Hivei
to a point off the Pacific Coast Steamship ;
Company's wharf. a total distance, of two
miles. A thousand people iwere on the ;
Santa Fe wharf to witness it. The starter
was an officer of the Hiyei, and the judges
comprised officers from the Hiyei and the
Naval Battalion.
When the signal w:js given the reserves
shot ahead, but the Japanese soon came
up with them and held their own The
turning point was reached by the reserves
one second ahead 01 the Japanese, who
crossed the bow of the reserves' cutter
though thi' claim of foul was not al
lowed.
After the exchange of boats the Plnta's
cannon gave the signal for the return
and amid the cheers of the Hivel's crew
on the training ship arid the people on the
shore both cutters bent to their work
Slowly but surely the little Japanese
gained on the brawny reserves ana came
in ahead by two lengths, or five seconds
The result was received with the greatest
enthusiasm on the Hiyel. Soon afterward
the red sunburst of Japan was sen flying
on the Pinta. The Hiyei sails to-morrow
for Honolulu. ;; •• ---•
Captures a Burglar.
REDWOOD riTY. .]■„„. p;._sheriff
Mansfield was notitied last night at 11
o'clock by the authorities of San .)>»«,
to keep n lookout for <>n* F. F Muelli r
who was wanted at that pine,- for burg
lary. A description of the man was given,
The Sheriff starter! out on a search aid
at 12 o'clock arrested' a man near San
Mateo who answered the description and
who pmved to be the man wanted On
his person were foiim 1 . $«! in rnonej a
bunch of skeleton keys and some lewelry
Mueller is wanted in one <>f the north
ern counties on a similar charge H o
has b«en turned over t<> the San Jose au
thorities.
Artillery for Natal.
LONDON. June 17.- The Daily Mail an
nounce that throe, batteries nt field artil
lery, with fifteen officers and 500 men. will
leave Aldiruhot on August lj fur Lady
amlth. NataJ. ■ •*
DEMAND HIGHER
PAY FOR SALMON
Indian Fishermen Goon
Strike.
CAWNFRS IN A PREDICAMENT
UNABLE TO OBTAIN CREWS FOB
THEIR CRAFT.
Regulations Preventing the Licens
ing of Americans Prove Disas
trous to a British Colum
bia Industry.
Special Dispatch to The Call. ,
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 16.— 1n
consequence of labor troubles and the
new Government regulations which are
largely responsible for them, the Cana
dian salmon Industry in the West Is
practically paralyzed. Yesterday 2500
Indian fishermen of Rivers Inlet an I
Skeena River, 200 miles up the coast,
went out on strike.
The salmon season opened yesterday
morning. The Indians denim, I an
agreement for 10 cents a fish
■ season, and the canners will n
antee mor ■ than *'> or 7 cents
most. While flsh are running
now, at the outset of the seaa
they have for several years, I
: canneries along the northern coa
'running to only about one-eighth tl
average capacity. The foreman ■■.
ham's cannery arrived here this
ing to engage white men. but few
to be found. Wadham's canm
1 owned by an American. Out of 103
j boats, only ten of his iishing craft were
: out to-day.
The Indians B;iy positively they will
: not return to work unless th< j axe pai 1
10 cents a flsh. The canners, on the
i other hand, declare they cannot, run at.
a profit and pay that price.
While most of the fishermen In the
north are Indians, wb&< ntrol
the great trade oi tit.; ITraser River
canneries, where the season opens ten
days hence. Hundreds oi A .
i have come up .for the '
| vious years from as far sou:.,
. lard, and Canadian fishermen v. •
I tually in the minority. The new
eminent regulations make licenses
; pulsory. and they are issued to British,
subjects only. Three weeks befoi
opening of the season last year all
coast towns on the river were thronged
I with men, most of them Americans, but
1 to-day there are no quieter places than
these salmon towns. The canners have
their hands tied by the regulations, so
that they are unable to make arrange
ments for their labor. They are pre
paring for a bi.e season with the hope
thai from f.no or 600 men now in sight
as many thousand will turn up in some
mysterious way before the day on
which the season opens.
The very large canneries will have
little trouble, as thej will be able to
pay much higher prices, but some of
the smaller cannery proprietors have
already despaired of having their own
men, and will try to get a half pac'.;
; from the residue of the larger fac
-1 tories.
High prices will rule all through the
season, but from the difficulties of the
: new regulations and the scarcity of
available fishermen, none of the can
neries expect to put up more than half
as much as they otherwise would.
STEAMER HUMSOLDT
STRIKES ON ROCKS
SEATTLE, 'June K.- The steamer Hu,m
boldt, which sailed from here Wednesday
night with 100 passengers from Skaguay,
Alaska is reported on the rock? near
Chatham Point. When sighted by the
City of Seattle, she was resting easily and
her captain was confident that she would
be Boated b> the next tide.
at
Storke Case Nearing an End.
SANTA BARBARA, June 18.— Grant
Jacks. m. an attorney, was the principal
witnt-ss In the Btorke trial to-day. The
purpose ol the defense In calling Ja*
was to establish the claim that a person
other than Mrs. Stork* wrote the Übelou3
letters, but In this th'- defense failed. S. v
erai other witnesses were heard to-day.
The case probably will be concluded to
morrow.
Swelling the Medal Fund.
SANTA CRUZ, June 16. An entertain
ment was given this evening at the
Armory. t>i<- proceeds of which will ero to
swell the California Volunteer
Fund. The entertainment was under the
auspices of the Native Sons and Daugh
ters, .-11111 a promenade concert was
by Basting's band and vocal soli
Mrs .1. K. Williamson and Miss Maud
Hohman. The pretty figures of a german
were danced by forty young persons.
Following the entertainment was a -
dance Darm^ the evening the Native
Daughters served refreshments.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SsSr
If mothers would cast aside foolish prud-
ery, and impart to their daughters the
knowledge that they, themselves, have ac-
quired by years of suffering, they would fa
forced to spend fewer hours of anxious a£;
tendance- at the bedsides of sick daughter*,
A woman who suffers from weakness
disease, or derangement of the distinctly
feminine organs is an incomplete woman,
She is unfitted for woman's highest anil
best duty— motherhood. She cannot be a
happy wife or the mistress of a happy
home. ' Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
is the only proprietary medicine ever de-
vised by an expert skilled specialist in
woman's diseases for the. one p:.*rposc of
curing these troubles in the privacy of the
home. It ■■* makes a woman strong and
healthy in a womanly way, and can be re-
lied upon to relieve motherhood of all peril
and almost all pain. It insures healthy
robust children. It transforms weak, sick-
ly, nervous invalids into healthy, happy
wives and mothers.
/ "Words fail to describe roy suffering before I
took Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription and
' Pleasant Pellets,' " writes Miss Lulie S. Hardy.
01 South Seabrook, Rockingham Co., X. H. "I
could hardly walk across the room. I had an
apwas on the fallopian tube that discharged
thrAigh the bladder. It left the bladder in an
irritable erudition and the uterus inflamed. I
had an awful burning in my stomach; no appe-
tite, wasting drain; constipation; excruciating
.monthly pains and backache all the time. I was
confined to my bed five months. Then I com-
menced the use of your medicines and have
been greatly benefited by them."
In paper covers, 21 one-cent stamps; cloth
binding, 10 cents extra. Dr. Pierces Com-
mon Sense Medical Adviser. Address Dr.
K. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.WHEELER ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE UNIVERSITY
ONE BALLOT '
DECIDES THE
LOSE STRUGGLE
Salary Fixed at Ten
Thousand a Year.
•'MUSING PERSONAL INSULT
— ♦ — —
W IT WAS RESENTED IN OPEN
SESSION BY H. S. FOOTE.
♦ —
Regents Impose a Tax on Stu
dents to Bridge Over the
Deficit in the
Budget.
BENJAMIN IDF. WHEEI,ER, pro
fessor of Greek. Cornell was yes
y terday elected resident of the
University of California to suc
ceed Martin Kellogg. The board
:.-;.n.xM the salary of the president at $10.0u0
a year.
The regents attending the session of the
board yesterday wen William T. Wal
lace (presiding). T. J. Kirk. State Super
intendent <>f Instruction: Ernest A. Den
icke. Martin Kellogg, John E. Budd, H.
P. F00t... A. S. Hallidie. J. V. Houghton,
Albert Miller. George C. Pardee. W. H.
]-. Ramos, J. n. Reinstein, Arthur dg
* rp. Chester Rowell and C. W. Slack.
General Barnes, who was appointed re
pent t<> succeed Timothy Guy Phelps, was
cordially received by hi! colleagues, He
was introduced by Arthur Rodger and
the regents, at the suggestion of H. S.
Foot.--, arose to receive the general.
The finance, committee recommended
that the heirs of Judge Hager be allowed
to repay a loan of $23,000. The request
was granted and the committee author
ized to secure the cash.
Major John B. Mhbon, attorney of the
board, reported the final purchase of lOtS
for the site of the Wilmerding School.
The total outlay was $2<">.6^4 35. Alvinza
Hay-ward was complimented for a spirit
of generosity which enabled the commit
tee to a<-«iuire tlie lots at a low figure.
Th>; special business which the regonts
tvere called to consider was reached when
thy report c>f the conference committee
on isnance was presented. This
C'lmmlttt.'*', consisting of Hallidie,
. Miller, Denicke Slack, Kellogg: and
1 Rowell, submitted a voluminous doc
ument known as the revised bud
get. The report embraces 400 items of
estimated expense. The aggregate is $430,
--l.'T 66. All the salaries and the amounts
required for each department of the uni
v. rsity are set forth. The total estimated
income is $4».?.56 30. A deficit of $770 70 is
therefore ligured.
< Hie of the first items in the list of ad
ministration expenses v. as, "President,
Mo.ooo. '.',;'■"•■
Regent Foote moved that the. salary of
president be tix^d at $GuOO per annum.
Regent Pard< c seconded the motion. He
Fj><>k-» of the financial affairs of the insti
tution and expressed the belief that the
new president, whoever he should be,
■ i:?ht to shart- the burdens of economy by
accepting a salary of $tWuO.
Regent Rodgers moved ■ hat the salary
!■■ placed at $10,000.
Regent Kirk suggested thai the mini
mum and maximum were. represent in
the two motions. He moved that fowJ be
• It: •-•alary.
The known supporters of Benjamin Id*
V, "• i»>ler were vigorous advocates of th<^
mjile salary. Regent Rodgers maintained
■ it the salary should be sufficient to
Secure the services of the man needed to
•-..■! the affairs of the university. He
cited the compensation at Harvard Yale,
Chicago Stanford and Illinois. In the
course of his marks the regent read the
following letter from Daniel C. Oilman:
Johns Hopkin* University, Baltimore, M 1 .
March Jo, 1533.
I>ar Sir- K*'ferrtnK to our recent conversa
tion I have no hesitation In 6Ujin« that the
exceptional .rualities re-julred for leadership in
any im-at corporation .*■ institution of learn
ing demand lar K e compensation, unless Inferior
liiK-n are to be '.igtwed. In thu.se days the
.... the affair* of a complex Institution
Ilk" Harvard Yale Cornell. Michigan or Cali
fornia 1h s.i difficult that few men can be found
who are adequate : > the task. To secure the
mtvlccb of s.i n.. a man. payment should be
i .fit' on a moo n ore liberal wale than has
r ; thert.i been usual. A college president Is not
likely to be extravagant In any *eltish way;
but the claims upon his purse for hospitality,
.subscript ii>n.i, journeys and books are lanje,
and he ought to be able to lay by annually fur
the future. He Is much mure likely, by one
• ircumetanfe or another, to be thrown out of
his .-hnir than be would be la th« place of a
j rofefssor.
All these conoMeratlona outfht to influence
yr.u to favor Il^eraJ payment to the man of
y..ur choice. I do not think $10,000 or $13,000
would be too )a-«re an annual payment, when
1 hoar of a yo°- electrician called to an im
jcrtant poet witii a salary of $11,000, and s<*e
by our papers that the salary of one of our
1 ink preslden: c been raised from MO.iV/) to
S:o. 000. Very truiy yours,
DANIEL C. GIL.MAN.
Mr. Rodgers made the point that the
board was called on to decide whether
an inferior or *. superior man should be
invited. He spoke of his Eastern obser
vations and bis talks with leading college
presidents and progressive educators gen
• rally. He recognized that the University
of California was in position to assume
leadership in the field of Occidental civ
ilization, and believed that it was essen
tial that an expert educator should be
chosen, and that the salary should Invite
the services of an ail-round, able man of
university affairs. A man was needed
with the ability to select good subordi
nate material and eliminate the inferior.
Regent Kodgera did not know among the
eminent educators one that would come
hero for a salary of $6000 per annum.
The right kind of a man will effect a
! saving of $100,000 in several years' time.
K<*Kf>nt Foote. looking to the future, re
marked that he would never surrender to
a president the right to govern the per-
Eonnel of the university. He proposed a3
ji regent to exercise that right.
Dr. Rowell remarked that his experi
h ence in medicine was that the biggest
quacks got the largest fees.
Regent S'.ark vised the board that
the report simply flxed the amount that
might be expended for the president's
salary, but did not fix the compensation.
Judge Wallace directed the attention of
The regents to the following paragraph
of the conference committee report:
"We submit tho foregoing: First—With
out recommendation or comment, the
proposition to rix the salary of the incom
ing president of tho university."
Regent Hallidie spoke, of the growth of
ealariea In the United States and the great
sums paid for :n-n with ability to direct
;ind organize. "An insurance' president
with exceptional ability in the selection
of subordinates _gets $10,000 per year.
The head of the \\ ire and Steel Trust re
ceives $40,000 per annum. We cannot get
a president of the first rank for less than
$10,000. I do not think the university at
this time should select a second-class
I resident.
The salary was fixed at $10,000 by the
vote of the following Regents: Ke'lloirir'
Budd, Hallidie. Houghton, Miller Barnes
Rodgers. Rowell. Slack and Wallace— 10 '
The proposition to tax the students $20
a year provoked an animated discussion
The committee report recommended that
the proposed registration fee should con
tinue only during the next academic year
It also proposed that the laboratory fees
be reduced one-half and the diploma fee
be abolished.
Dr. Pardee regarded the whole schema
§hk a makeshift— burden to fall on the
students this year. In justice to the stu
dents he approved the tax.
Regent Foote proclaimed his opposition
to the tax.
Regent Slack said the students were
Blropfy invited to help out the university
Judge Wallace left the chair to make a
speech opposing the scheme. He opposed
l:ne principle of calling upon students to
lay money for education which the State
promised should be free. He called to
mind that the proposition had been voted
Corn by the regents because it was wrong
In principle. He asserted that behind the
university was the wealth of the State
and the moral sentiment of the common
wealth in favor of free education. "The
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Unanimously Elected President
of the University of California.
public will think we are to ad
minister this grr<'at trust If we put a fin
ancial burden on thi- students. The peo
ple will sustain us In our contention for
free ■ ducal lon. The people,
m the Legislature, did appropriate the
money, but the Governor, for some n
1 suppose, vetoed the bill. He had his
reason no doubt. We are organized to
i money, not to accumulate it as my
good friends on the finance committee
to fancy. The university is endowed
with great riches by Congress and thf-
Can we degrade it to a catch
penny concern? Ti.<' wealth; men of this
Btati , whose hearts are as large as their
purses, would advance this money rather
than tax th^ students. I implore you not
t.. make the fatal mistake of Imj
this iax. <;ivc- the 1 pie a chance to
■ to the rescue of the university.
'1 ln-r.. Is no deficiency. There
a deficiency when the wealth : -
Is behind the university."
Regent DenicKe asserted that the bills
ed by Governor Gage w^r. for per
manent improvement and had no i
on i hi iln maintained that
was • and the r< gents h
provide some way to raise
nee<
The tax was Imp ■
■ ■
Ayes— Kirk, Denicke, Kellogg, Hough
ton, Miller, Barnes, Rodgers, Rowell,
Hamdle, I i 11.
Noes Budd, Foote, Pardi c, \ v .i! 1 •
The diploma fee was abolished and the
laboratory fees were reduced one half.
■Unions of respect for Timothj Guy
were presented by .1 special com
• ■ . Regent Pardee, chairman,
stron).: character, fine qualities and sterl
lug devotion to the university of the la
mented r.'K<«iit were highly eulogized. Th<
utiona were unanimously ad >pted.
Re< ess was taken until 2 p. m.
Th<-r.- were several ami. I Inter
esting Incidents in th n session.
■ pisode treated a little excitement.
K( gent M. S. Foot-, resented « hi
considered to !"• a personal Insult. Th.:
resentment took the form of a dose of
deserved discipl I to C. M
pi ■■ ssor of English lanj
tun . The storj behind the In
s ult is this Profes ->r L. 1 ». Syle. a cou
sin of Regc !-.• Foote, •!■ motion
from assistant professor of English to
the grade of associate professor. N
o|».-ni> questioned the merits of Mr. Syle.
N".> Increase of compensation waa
quested; hence objection could not be
made "ii the ground of Increased expense.
It appears that President Kellogg and
■ ! professors of hi^ ■ itial cir
. that Mr. Byle Bhould not be
• d bj the - ■ Whi n 1: ■
t-"o-it<» wrote to Professor Gaylej
: an< ■ ni» nt, th<
plied . . ■ nd himself were
agaii
ought on • •• ■
when • Kellogg Bpoke to a mo
tion made bj Mr. Foote I • Pro
r Syl( I he president r. ad a :■
m-mlatioTi of himself and the head of the
denartment analnst the advancement.
This opposition Justified Mr. Foote in
bringing out in public discussion the fact
that Professor Gayley had written to
each regent of the board a letter, in which
jUr ! efforts to advance rrof.--s.-or
Byle were outlined. The assistant pro
fessor was mentioned as one "whom he
1 Foote) calls his cousin."
In a splendid outburst, Regent Foote
said to his colleagues on the board: "bo
tin- members of this Board of Regents
propose i" disgrace me? The term 'whom
he .alls hia cousin' Insinuates that per
bapß he la not my cousin."
Then was a K'»'d deal ol plain language
used !'•. .Mr. Foote. The fact was cited as
magnifying the atrocity <>i the <;.
aspersion that the blood of Henry Wtn-
Davis and George Washington
coursed through the. veins of Foote and
Syle The regent asked as a personal
favor that the promotion of Mr. .
should be granted.
Regent John E. Budd testified to the ex
cellent original work performed by Pr ■-
• Byle. He recognized that certain
elements in the faculty were hostile to
tlii> young professor.
Regent Hallidie Bought to smooth mat
ters but rendered affairs worse. He said:
"It Is something entirely new for one re-
K« nt to ask another to render him a per- '
Bonal favor, especially a favor against
the recommendation of the president.
Every mnn must feel the sense of deli
c&oy in the situation. I have that feeling
and entertain the highest regard for Re
irent Foote but I shall look to th<* prin
ciple involved. I think Regent Koote is
mistaken in his course."
Rpfjent Koote addressed Repent Halli
die in a tone of mlnpled wrath and cour
tesy 'he tone of courtesy dominating:
"I withdraw the personal request as to
you, Fir. I do not ask you to vote to sus
tain me."
The motion carried to promote Mr.
Bvle to the grade of associate prof<
Rfegents voting- in the affirmative were
Kirk Denicke, Pardee, Foote, Barne.d,
Reinstein, Rodgers, Slack, Budd and Wai
lace.
Th<re was some talk of raising Pi
sor Heaton's salary from $600 to H2OO. It
w:j- discovered that Heaton was working
three hours a week, hence the proposition
to Increase Ids salary was received with
some d"£ree of favor. The matter was
referred.
In tho discussion of the btidpr-t. Mr.
Foote disclosed the fact that a clique of
professors jealous of the lame which
Henry Ardfey is acquiring in the line of
arl Instruction, had schemed against him
and secured a reduction of his salary from
J2IOO to $1050. it whs Bald that the purpose
of the jealous professors was to down
\Vdley before the new president should
the work of the art department. TKe
Vrdley case was referred for investiga
tion.
Fudge Slack suggested a reference to the
committee in order to secure readjust
ment In the salaries of Professors Bailey
and Flagg. The salaries were inadequate
Regent Albert Miller was appointed to
fill a vacancy on the Wilmerdlng School
Committee.
The budget was then adopted.
The event of the day was the nexi fea
ture of the session. When the chairman
announced, "Election of president is in
order," Reppnt Reinstein suggested in
view of the absence of Governor Gas^ and
Mrs Hearst, and the fact thai General
Barnes bad itist taken his place in the
board, a lay should be Bet apart for the
1 it ct lon of president.
Arthur Rodgers objected, citing the cir
cumstances that Governor Gage had signi
fied a determination not to participate in
the election. A telegram was read show
ing that Mrs. Hearst's absence would be
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 1899.
' prolonged. It was intimated that Mrs.
Hearst did not desire to participate in the
election.
The motion to postpone was lost by a
vote of S to 7.
Regent Foote presented the name of
Dr. J. K. Stubbs, president of the Nevada
i University. A high tribute was paid to
the character and scholarly attainments .
of Dr. Stubbs. Regent Foote read from
j manuscript the speech setting forth the
j merits of the candidates. It was observed
j that a photograph of Dr. Stubbs was at
! tached to the last page of the manuscript.
I Many high Indorsements of the doctor
■ were also submitted.
The speech of the day was made by
i Regent Arthur Rodgera In presenting the
merits of Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Mr.
Rodgers Bpoke of many Interviews with
! leading educators of the land, lie men
j tioned among the men consulted the presi
i dents of Yale. Harvard. Princeton. Johns
I Hopkins, Columbia: President Dabney,
! University of Tennessee: President An
i drews, Brown University: President
i Chaplain. Washington University. St.
I Louis; Professor Hadley, recently chosen
president of Yale; President Canfield,
University of Ohio; President Draper,
! University of Illinois; ex-President Hill.
j University of Rochester; Professor Wal
. cott, superintendent United States Geo
logical Survey: President Harper. Uni
versity of Chicago; ex-President Gates of
Amherst; Professor Hutchings of Michi-
I gan University; Professor Stryker, Hamil
-1 ton College.
Mr. Rodgers submitted to these men bis i
I list of candidates. The iirst two on the
; list were President Hyde of Bowdoin Col
i lege and Professor Wheeler of Cornell.
In nearly every instance a second reading
of the first two names was requested.
■ Others were commended, but these- were
' specially extolled as men possessing' all
j around attainments of exceptional cmi-
nee.
"President Hyde," Bald Regent Rodgers,
. "is 44 years old, vigorous and broad.
In many respects he is the greatest
, college president in the country. Hi Is a
! clergyman and his sermons are powerful.
"Professor Wheeler came out here last
1 March. You had on opportunity of see
i Ing him. Everything considered I regard
him as the best man for our university.
He is a man 44 years of age, of fine pres
ence, excellent health. He was born In
Massachusetts, and his father Is a Bap
tist clergyman."
Mr. Rodgers did not allude to the fact
that the father of Jeffries, the champion
in another profession, Is likewise the son
of a Baptist clergyman, but the regents
"were on."
Mr. Rodgera did read a letter from
' President Adams of the University of
■ Wisconsin, wherein Dr. Wheeler is spoken
I of as an inspiring teacher and a great
master of university affairs, who has de
clined offers of $10,000 a year. Dr. Wheeler
was also spoken of as a "splendid embodi
ment of the aristocrat and democrat."
In conclusion Mr. Rodgors paid he In
vited 1 tr. Wheeler to come here.
At the request of Regent Houghton doo
uments were read In which Edwin M.
Vallandigham of Delaware was com
mended. I>r. Vailnndlgham is of com
manding presence. 4T> years of age. 6 feet
3 Inches in height, dark and slender.
ke K . ni Reinstein, sparring for timo,
wanted every candidate's recommenda
tions read. Regents Kirk and Rowell,
who wanted to go home, clamored for a
ballot
A motion to defer the choice until an
r t her timo was defeated and tho vote was
taken. When the roll was called each ro
pf-nt. as his nnme whs spoken. vot°d for
the man of his choice. The ballot re
sult «-d :
For Benjamin Ide Wheeler — Re
gents Kirk, Dsnicke. Kellogg, Budd.
Hallidie. Miller, Barnes. Rodgers,
Roweih Slack, Wallace — 11.
For William Cary Jones — Regent
Pardee.
For Dr. J. E. Stubbs — Regent Foote.
For Dr. Vallandigham — Regent
Houghton.
Regent Reinstein declined to vote on
THE AMERICAN SHIP JOHN R. KELLY.
the ground that he was prevented from
expressing an opinion.
• Regent Footo moved that the choice of
i)v. \\ heeler b(> made unanimous. The mo
tion earned and a committee was ap
pointed to notify Dr. Wheeler of his elec
tion.
1 nor to the discussion a motion mado
by Regent Rodgers to go into executive
session was defeated. General Barnes
voted with the majority for an open ses
sion.
WHEELER GETS THE NEWS
As He Was Not a Candidate He
Was Much Surprised.
ITHACA. N. T.,, June 16.— Professor
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of Cornell was in
terviewed to-night regarding his election
as president of the University of Califor
nia. He was much surprised when he
heard it, as no word had reached him of
the appointment up to 11 o'clock to-night.
He said: "As I was not a candidate for
tho position in the first place the matter
had almost passed out of my mind. On
one occasion of my visit to the institution
some time ago 1 had an opportunity to
learn the condition of affairs. I told the
authorities at that time that I could not
think of accepting the presidency unless
every one concerned was perfectly wiliina;
to have me come there, and there were
other things which I thought ought to bo
fixed up. Since then 1 have heard noth
ing definite from the authorities and do
not know how matters stand now."
"Would you accept the position if it
were offered you now?"; was asked.
"I should have to look Into the matter
carefully. I do not know whether affairs
have been arranged, and as 1 should like
to have the position of honor, which one
could not well despise. I must waft t<)
hear something more definite from head
quarters."
It is the general opinion among mem
bers of the faculty that Professor
Wheeler will go to the now position. It ia
known that he named special conditions
under which he would agree to accept 1
the appointment. < >i;e of these, it Is ru
mored, was that the entire faculty of the
university should resign in order to adr
jusi differences in that body. Whether
the authorities of the Western institution
have conformed to this condition is not
known at Cornell to-nierht.
HEALTH OFFICERS' SUIT.
Judge Hunt Intimates That They
Cannot Hold Their Positions.
Next week Judge Hunt will decide !
whether or not the minor officials of the
Board of Health appointed during the
hint administration arc statutory officers
and hoM for four years or whether they
| are simply holding- by virtue of appoint
on at and may be dismissed at the pleas
ure of the appointing power. Yesterday
the action of the fifteen officials, to re
straln the new board from dismissing
them, came up before .Tudßp Hunt in the
nature of a motion to dissolve the in-
Junction heretofore issued restraining the
board from removing: the petitioners until
further ord»>r of court.
The new board was represented by C
.T. Heggerty and W. M. Madden, with
Garret McEnerney as counsel by virtue
of his office us attorney of the old b ard.
Peter F. Dunne represented tin- petition
ers.. It was first Boughi to dissolve the
Injunction on the ground thttt Jml"».
Daingerfield had erred in issnii:^ the in
junction without demanding a bond
Judge Hunt, however, held that Judge
Daingerfteld had :-.ot erred and denied the
motion. It was next claimed thai of the
fifteen petitioners bui seven could claim
to be statutory officers, the others being
appointive; that the seven who make
the claim that they are statutory oili.-.-rs
<»:■•■ simply employes and may }»■ dis
missed :n any time; hence a dissolution
if the Injunction wa asked.
Mr. I>>;m;>- on behalf of the petitioners,
argued that all were atat itory officers,
and thai it waa not in the discretion of
thi- board to declare their places vacant
and appoint others to fill them. When
the case was submitted Judge Hunt said
thai he would decide it early next week.
and that he believed the points raised
wer^ the same as thoso in th.> Kate Ken
nedy and P. [>. Weaver cases, in which ir
was held itmi th,.. appointing power had
th-- power of removal.
FAGEN'S CLUB MEETS.
Three Democratic clubs have been or
ganized In the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict. There's the Porter Ashe Club, In
the hands of the Buckleyites; another in
the hands of the Phelanites, and a third—
the one presided over by "Napoleon"
Fagen which claims to wear no collar
Winch organization Is "it" remains to be
seen, although the followers of "Napo
leon" think they are th* whole thiiiK.
A hundred ■■:' them mcl last night at
California Hall, 620 r.ush street, in regular
weekly session. Pagen sat in the place
of honor and Secretary Tom Conboy jot
ted down the proceedings. A dozen new
members signed the roll, three strolling
musicians played ragtime selections and
Sam Waller Introduced a resolution In
dorsing Mayor Pnelan. In doing so he
assured his fellow-members that he was
Kivlng them no "bull con" and handing
out no gold brick.-'. They believed him
and adopted the resolution.
Short speeches were made by Sam "Wal
ler and Captain Krlmford. and before ad
journing it was voted to hold a high jinks '
meeting next Friday n!e,hT at the same
place, Senator R. Porter Ashe being down
for a speech.
The Situation
At Manila is grave and the News Let
ter tells about It. Tho protective tariff
fetish is exploded and parallels drawn
between mobs north and south. The
embarrassing mistake of a wheelman
in the Park, and doings In the Yosemite
Valley are touched up by "Sparks."
The history of a bathing sown; three
columns of good loral stories; the
Town ('rier; interesting criticisms of
"The Turtle" and other shows; mis
cellaneous original matter and plato>
No. 7 colored photo-chromatic park
pictures rhakp up this week's News
Letter.
Landsmann Murder Case.
George A. Trueworthy was Instructed
and arraigned by Judge Graham yester
day on the charge of murdering John
Landsmann last Sunday night. .Tam^s
Monaghan and Frank Hunh were h"id as
accessories. The case was by consent
continued till next Tuesday.
Justin McCarthy has a character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
day's Call.
(From a Photograph of an Oil Painting.)
LOSS OF HE
AMERICAN SHIP
JOHN R. KELLY
Was Driven Ashore in
Port Stanley.
MANY NEW VESSELS BUILDING
TWO STEEL BARKENTINES AND
A BARK UNDER WAY.
A Teamster Run Over and Badly In
jured by an Electric Car — Four-
Masted Schooner Hono
lulu Overdue.
Tlif> American ship John n. Kelly la
ashore on the Falkland Islands nnd will
probably be a total loss. A cablegram
to the Merchants' Exchange gives the
bare fact that she was hard ashore at
Port Stanley and that the chances of
saving- either the vessel or cargo were
very slight. The belief among shipping
mow in that the Kelly was disabled in
a storm off Cape Horn and that Captain
Chapman was making for Port Stanley
to repair damages. Jt is a very dangerous
place to entor and the chances arc that
something gave way at a critical moment
arsd the ship went ashore.
The John R. Kelly left New York for
San Francisco on March 15 last. She
carried the following cargo, valued at
$150,000, all consigned to San Francisco
merchants:
200 tonß No. 1 Tonowanda Bcotch plglron, 26
barrels Iron casters, 89 cases linoleum, J7 cases
and naif a barrel hardware, 100 drums caustic
Hi'.ia, .""> cases chalk crayon, in barrels Iron
pipe tittiiißs. 6SO kegs horseshoes, 6 cases black-
Ing, Tij ( h.sl'j. bdools, ii cases leaf tobacco, 5 cases
hardware, 20 cases hair renewer and whisker
dye, iio bags ginger root, 50 bags cocoa ihist.
l barrel Iron castings, - barrels sumac ex
tract, 66 bundles 1 barrel stove citHilnifK, S9O
luks horßeshoes, 'i bales burlap, :t barreiti var- j
Msh, 950 pieces boiler tubes, 3909 pie h 289
bundles welded Iron pipe, 441! bars .steel, 10 i
■ . ball blue, !> « asrt< blacking, 14'> plates iron,
80 packages marble, lXi packages pumps, 50
cases i'UW. 100 cases sheep dii>, ~ii bundles
welded Iron pipe, lOS bales carpet lining, -'17
Iron range boilers, 143 boxes 4 casks ink, 115
boxes mucilage, 81 cases cotton, .'. crates '■■■r.-.
dles, 7 boxes 1 barrel iron strap hinges, 10 bar
rels l box iron stmi' hinges, 1 barrel whiting.
I pump (cased), 4'J burrels stamped ware, L'u
crates chair seats.
teel beams, 16 channels, 5037 steel rail?,
185 kegp spikes, 47 kega !.<;lt s. 1«:< boxes splices,
'. cases blacking, Jt :| i cases f=!i.i«> dressing, 2 caMPs
salt. -J cases sultii dressing, 2U> barrels lu
bricating oil, i cases refined oil, :!l(i bundleH
);ui s, t; barrels whisky, 2 faff pinions, 4 crates
earthenware and crockeryi n barrels Ironware,
I - crates crockerj'i S crates B. D. hangers,
; 5 b >\rp hardware, 5 cases Iron bolts H boxes
:i barrels Iron vises, 1 crate earthen bottles, 1
r \ enameled ware. JOO drums caustic soda.
: 1700 lengths 1824 pieces 121 bundles and 1 box
castin :i water pipe and fittings, 130 boxes pep
prr Bauce, 100 crates 600 boxes starch, 2 crates
9 cases glassware, 200 boxes ink, 67 boxes Ink
and paste, M boxes ! package <cc>ntui:ilnsr 4
b ■■■■■ -> 2 packages (containing 0 boxes each) l
ease ink, mucilage and paste; 23 cases l ks
and frames, .'. cases valentines, 20 cases books
and games, ! case polishing powder, 300 ises
axle grease, 255 barrels, lubricating oil.. : cask
l case machinery, 916 empty barrels, 20
cases paint, 1352 steel rails. 4020 bundles tin
plates, B0 switch parts, 10 1nm.11.-H Bwitch parts.
L' barrels 15 boxes switch parts, 20 swit< hes I'O
(rogs, l bundles handles, 104 kegs bolts, 3 bar
rels dry paint. 50 ra*es spools, 293 iron ranjrf
boilers, 335 barrels prepared alum 350 kegs
horseshoes, 7 cases paper books, 21 cases empty
botties, !0 rf-rls wire rope, M coils fine wire 9
casks 'i barrels glassware, 4 barrels Iron hinges
4 grindstones fcrated).
2355 pi s IS7 bundles wroughtlron pipe 2:,r,
pieces wroughtlron pipe, 200 barrels plaster 39
hogsheads a barrels crucibles, G barrels bia.k
lend. 55 packages ship chandlery 4S rar wheels
... barrels iron pip,, fittings, 61 boxes 92 pack
ages furnaces, 249 imp. range boilers, 400 cases
. packages toothpicks, 46 barrels hardware 43
■ ■ hardware 22 boxes l barrel picks 11
Iron BCale brains, 47 boxes i Vl
cases Iron locks, 2 casks condensed vinegar
800 kegs nails, bundles wroughtlron pipe
5 barrels I keg Iron pipe fittings, 336 bundles
im pieces wroughtlron pipe, 271 bundles
wroughtlron pipe, 131 ngths 1064 pieces 340
bundles rastiron water pipe and fittings. 6
casks 1 barrel hardware. 4 barrels 1 box ckst
meat choppers, 10 casks 1173 bar
rels 4a kegs merchandise, 25 eases prismatic
powder. SO bales carpet lining, 2 cases chalk
-' empty pun< heon -. 6 boxes tills.
The John R. Kelly was partially owned
in San Francisco. The firm of James F
Chapman & Co. has owned an interest in
her since B he was launched at Bath, Me
in 1883. She was built by Goss & Sawyer
and was as si. ,ut a craft as Balled the
s. as. She was 256 feel 9 inches long 45 1
feel beam 27 feel 8 Inches deep and 2255
tons net burden. Her managing owner
was John K. Kelly of Bath. Se \lm.i ■
no valued her at $75,000 The vessel's
was consigned to Williams. Dlmond
iV- ( o. as distributing aprents and the ship
to James F. Chapman & Co. The cargo
is Insured and the vessel is not, but ns the
Kelley has been a very lucky sliip she
has probably paid for herself 'twice over
durinp her lifetime.
The four-masted steel schooner Hono
lulu is making. a very lons passage from
the Hawaiian Islands. She is now out
thirty-three days fnun Honolulu, and as
seventeen and nineteen days have been j
long runs of late people are wondering
what has become, of the crack schooner
The chances are that Captain Tnonagel
has got away up north and cannot j.'vt
down apaln. For weeks the prevailing
winds have been northwest, and th>>
schooner would lipht her way north in
order to run down to Pan Francisco. Now
the wind has been from the opposite di
rection for several days and the"schooner
is probably lighting her way back again.
Captain Thonagel is more than anxious
to reach San Francisco, for as soon as he
arrives and enters his ship he is to sta-t
for Scotland. The people who own the
Honolulu. Hawaiian Isle, John Kna ant]
half a dozen other vessels, are contracting '
i In Scotland for two four-masted barken
tines, and Captain Thonagel is going to
superintend tne building of them. The
new vessels are being built for the
Australian trade.
Captain Thimagrl la not the only ship
master who Is going to superintend the
building of a new ship, however. Captain
Dahel of the four-masted schooner Aloha
is K"InK to Hath, Me, to look after the
building of nn American steel bark. She
will In' American from truck to keelson,
and will be built for speed combined with I
a g-nod carrying capacity. She is for the
sugar trade.
The steamer Celia returned to port yes
terday after an absence of two years in
Central American waters. She was un
der charter to the San Francisco Bridge
Company, which concern had a number of
contracts in Guatemala and San Salvador.
The vessel now requires an overhauling,
and has come home for repairs. She
brings from Panama a cargo of 22.000 feet
of mahogany. Off Manzanillo the steamer
was caught in a heavy gale and while
bucking it she ran short of coal and had
to put into San Diego for a new supply.
The O. and O. Company's steamer Doric
sail for the Orient to-day. Among her
passengers will be ex-United States
Marshal Barry Raid win and family, who
are going to Manila; Katherine Gray, the
actress, and Mrs F. P. Burke, the wife
of a Now York millionaire.
G. Amadure, a teamster for the King-
Morse Canning Company, -was injured by
an electric car yesterday morning. Ama
dure was driving his team along East
street and was crossing that street near
Mission when the car came along, and
striking the wagon threw the teamster be
tween the wagon nnd the motor. Amadure
was removed to the Harbor Hospital,
where it was found that he had a com
pound fracture of the right leg and had
also sustained internal injuries. Amadure
claims that he could not get his wagon
out of tho way in time, as the car was
going at a high rate of speed.
THE RIGHT TO KILL.
Supreme Justices Differ Upon a Los '
Angeles Homicide Case.
J. I. Harris and George Cardwell were
convicted In the Superior Court of Los
Angeles of the crime of manslaughter for
killing John W. Hilton. They appealed
to the Supreme Court from the judgment
and order denying a new trial, hut with- ;
out avail, although Chief Justice Beatty
considered that they should have a new
trial. The opinions of the other six Jus
tices and Justice Beatty are of interest,
especially to gun fighters.
Hilton closed a road across his premises
by erecting a wire fence. His neighbors,
Harris and Card well, claimed the right to
travel on the road, and the ill feeling
which arose caused Hilton t% inform th.-m
he would kill them if they attempted to |
use the old road. The two defendants,
armed with a shotgun and rifle, a third
mar driving tin- tram, started to travel
over the forbidden highway. They cut the I
wires, and when Hilton saw them he went
to his house and reappeared with a rifle,
and attempted to gain tne shelter of a
large tree ahead of the trespassing party.
Harris ordered Hilton to drop his run,
and Hilton demanded that the invaders
retire. As Hilton was about to pass be- .
hind the tree the accused fir«*d, killing !
him.
The two men insisted that the evidence
in the lower court showed a case of justi
fiable homicide. The higher court did not
consider the case as to the right of way
over the road, but Raid: "The jury had
the right to say that at this time (when
the three armed men meti they hll stood
upon common ground, and that the light
of the law shone upon (Til alike. An overt i
act at this critical period was bound to I
cause a tragedy: and the jury was justi
fied in saying undtr the law and upon I
the facts that the defendants should not 1
] have (tied the fatal shots."
Justice Beatty. in dissenting, places the
case in an altogether different light. He |
recites that the road in quest ion had been
in iiinimon use by those living up the
valley for many years; that under the
circumstances the farmers had no means
!of taking their produce to market or
getting supplies to their families whil n
the old road was eloped They had a clear .
right to travel the old road. Having been '
♦old by Hilton that he would kill tbt-m '
■ if they attempted to exercise that right
i thny did what was proper and manly in ;
; carrying arms when traveling on thai ;
; read. TVhen they saw Hilton leave the j
j field and procure his rifle, they naturally
supposed that he intended to carry out
his threat and to believe that Hilton's at
■ tempt to reach the oak tree was to place ,
himself so that he could shoot ami still
be protected from Injury. As Hilton had
1 a bad reputation, the accused need expect
! but little mercy and were justified in thei-
j plea of pelf defense. Justice Beatty con
siders that Harris and Cardwell should
be granted a new trial.
GUNS FROM SANTIAGO
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
WAR DEPARTMENT GRANTS
SHAFTER'S REQUEST.
Mayor Phelan Will Receive for the
City the Historic Trophy of
American Valor.
General Shafter will receive in a short
time two historic captured guns, which
he brought from Santiago after the.cam
paign. He is in receipt <>f a letter from
the War Department granting his re
quest. One of the guns has been pre
sented to the city.
Mayor Phelan expressed his thanks to |
General Shafter yesterday and said that j
he would accept the cannon with grt at
satisfaction and see that It was properly j
mounted in one of the parks. As the gen
eral has expressed high appreciation of
the work of the Native Sons in raising a ,'
fund for the decoration of the soldiers ;
who volunteered in California, it is ex- ,
pected that the Native Sons will assist
the Mayor in receiving the gift with '
proper ceremony. The following is the j
letter that General Shafter transmitted to I
the Mayor:
WAR DKPARTMENT.
Office of the Secretary.
■WASHINGTON. June 2. 1899.
Major General William R. Bhafter. Pnn
Francisco, Cal.— My Dear General: Th«
Secretary to-day gave directions to the
Ordnance Department to ship to you two
of the gun? you broucht from SantlaKo.
b"inp thoHP you as'<ed for. Nog. 3 and 6 on
the list contulned in your letter to me of
March 1. The name of No. 3 Is "Le Comte
d'Arftencon" and that of No. 6 la "I>e
Prince de Conde." It Is his expectation, of
course, that one of them will be Dlae^d In
Snn Francisco and one In Ix>s Angeles, as
you request. I rerret there has been so
lons a delay, but there have l>p*n so many
other matters which required the Secretary's
attention that the matter was not taken up
until to-day. Very «incerely yours,
GEORGE H. HOPKINS.
MEDAL FUND GROWING.
Pacific Mail Steamship Company and
Mayor Phelan Make Handsome
Contributions.
The California volunteer medal fund
was augmented yesterday by contribu
tions amounting to over $1000. The total
sum now 'n hand is about $2700. The
largest contributors yesterday were the
Pacific MaJl Steamship Company and
Mayor Phelan. In each instance the con
tribution made being $500. Mayor Phelan
received the following letter along with
the check from the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company:
SAN FRANCISCO. June 16. vm.
Hon. James D. Phflan, Chairman California
Volunteer Medal Fund, City— Dear Sir: It
piTPs the Pacific Mall Steamship Company a
Krrat deal of pleasure to forward you the en
closed check fur $500 ns a donation to the
California Volunteer Medal Fund from the
steamship City of Peking, thf> stoamir which
carried the first volunteer regiment to Ma
nila, fours truly H. P. BCHWKKIN,
Vice Prenldent nnd General Manager.
The Charter Suit.
N»xt Wednesday morning Judge Heb
bard will take up the action of the county
officers to determine whether or not they
may hold four years, the charter notwith
standing. Attorney (j.orge D. Collins
who represents the officials, was anxious
to go to trial yesterday, but City and
County Attorney Lane demanded a con
tinuance. Counsel finally agreed to let the
case go over till Wednesday with the
understanding that a further continuance
would not he demanded.
Henry C. Lathrop's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Henry Clay Lathrop was filed
yesterday. E. A. Leigh. Joseph 1,. King
and Captain Martin White, the apprais
ers, place the value of the estate at $109,
--4nl 2?,. The largest items are 1000 shares
of the capitnl stock of the Market-street
Railway Company, valued at $60,000, and
certified checks on the Nevada Bank
amounting to $16,400.
The United States a Power for Good.
A distinguished historian writes, while re
ferring to this nation's advent as a colonizing:
power, that we represent the "century's polit
ical conscience," and that ■ our influence for
good over European spheres will be Immense.
This result was Just as Inevitable as Is the
cure which follows the use of Hosteller's
Stomach Bitters, the great remedy which Is
found in every home and drug store through
out the country- It cures Indigestion, constipa
tion, overworked kidney and liver, allays nerv
ousness, and tones up th* whole "yjfgfi _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IBIS]
Contracted or Inherited, at
Any Stage, and All Diseases
and Weakness of Men
PERMANENTLY CURED.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are the most
Fkille'l and the best equipped special-
ists In America. They cure the most
chronic and complicated cases in the
shortest possible time. Nervous De-
bility in all its forms a specialty. No
injurious drugs or dangerous stimu-
lants ever used.
All medicines are prepared In their
own private laboratory FREE TO PA-
TIENTS. No charge tor consultation
or advice.
PAY WHEN CURED.
Patients can arrange to pay when
j cured, or pay in monthly or weekly
Installments.
HOME CURES— Meyers & Co.
cure and restore a Kreat many men
every year without seeing them. Suf-
ferers who cannot call should write for
their book. "Private Counselor for
Men." symptom blanks, prices and full
particulars of their wonderful home-
cure system.
All Correspondence Confidential.
I ! DR. MEYERS & CO.
73/ MARKET ST.. S. F.
< Take Elevator to Third Floor.
I Daily. S to 5.
HOURS. Evenings, 7 to S.
Sundays, 9 to 11.
|
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
Cape Nome, Golovin,
St. Michael,
Dawson,
AND ALL, POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
ANDERSON, Master.
Soiling on TUESDAY, June 20th,
at 4 p. m., from Mission-st,
Wharf No. 1.
For passage and rates c.f freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
139 POST ST., S. F.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature .las
Just been added.
' ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
RATES moderate.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book. "The Empire Illustrated,"
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietqr. _
MAKE PERFECT MEM
SDO NOT DESPAIR ! Do net Suf-
fer Longer! The joys ami ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst ernes of Xervom Debility »ro
abnoltitelv cured by PERFECTO
T AM LETS. Give.prompt relief to in-
somnia, tailing memory ana the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
Impart vifjor anil potency to every f une-
ti";i Brace up the system. Hire bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eye-; of /-tfjNyounir or old.
One Me box renews vitpl energy. TOl»iC boxes at
BJ.&OacomplrtsKUaVnnteeclcui-eWm^or money re-
funded. Can be carried ill vest "*<**' pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed In plain wronger on receipt of
v -jr.. by Til" PKIIFITTO TO., (■•-—•• "Mp.. Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug: Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug: Co.
LADIES DOYoomji
It J^T OR, FELIX BRUITS •
*^* *\ Steel 1 Pennyroyal Treatment
■|- lis the orißinal and only FRENCH.
J r safe and reliable cure on the mar-
V **>rkot. Price, $1.00; 6ent by maiL
& \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENBER & CO.. Sole Agents,
214 Kearnv St.. San Francisco.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodlslna and specific tonia
for the sexua: and urinary organs of both
eexes. and a great remedy for disease* of tlia
kidneys i and * bladder. A great Restorative.
lnvlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE, Agents,
122 Market street, S. : P.— (Send for Circular >
56
w/lisyfr IE nil
SATURDAY JUNE 17, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Flncle Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage:
I>AILT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $«.OO
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday Call), 6 month! 3.00
DAILY CALL ( Including Sunday Call), S months 1.50
DAILY CALL— Dy Single Mouth <i."»o
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY. CALL, One Year 1 .00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MIW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
C. CEO. KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astor Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C, firCRGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- 337 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
:? 41 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
' ITS."
California — "The Turtle."
California— Japanese ... Sunday night.
Grand O era House— "El Capitan."
. :■ ville.
Alcazar — "The Master of Ceremonies."
Tivoli— "La Fille <ie Madame Anpot."
■
Hecreatlon Park— Baseball to-day.
Union Coursing Park — Cou:-ing to-day.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo and Circus to-morrow.
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
Olympla— Corner Mason and Kills streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Baths^Swimmtng Races, etc.
Harbor View Park — Picnic to-morrow.
<CLggg£jJ^>Bri > 'j COUNCIL, >
MONOPOLY DEFEATED.
THE Examiner-Journal or the Journal- Examiner
trust has long since destroyed competition in
■ di imain of brag. [( m< •■■ •<> of tin?
particu bdity will not be disputed by any
tin United States. Mayor Phelan
nsidered a rival but for the fact
a part of the ti
. ■ ■ ■ admits a modest thrill
ncy when ii ilumns yi
tion of the Street Committee of
it Supervisors, which it i? presumed will
be ratified on Monday next, the great highway rob
v the Market Street Railway Com
.<! t>een defeated. This la
test ent< ■ Huntington monopoly h
columns. Now, with
two 1 ■ ■ has been restricted to
demanded by the north*
the city, to which no opposition has been in-
Association co operated in
ntial extei n of street rail ,vay ac-
elding an unnecessary scin
■ municipal ghi in advance of the practical
■ • rter.
The ■ Street Railway Company already had
r street, between Market
r.nd deary streets, which, to avoid legal complica
■ ■ ssion that might affect other fran
■ m.hasbeenregranted. Thenew
■ on Taylor street for the one block between
t streets, which The Call recommended,
• ■ allowed. In order to meet the wants
of tlir extreme northern end of the city the existing
ft am ■ le street has been extended to the
bay. With tii' Iditi nal connections, strictly lim
n by the franchises to which they are
hed, and with the privilege "f using electricity
ost streel . stem and its auxili;
".!,■! kit Streel Railway Company has been
• •'••■■ ilities that it needs for legiti
teary street franchise will not
le renewed nor the u^e of the trolley system on that
trategic line on Grant avenue
and Bush treet has been killed, and the main parts
me and Battery streets will still be available
the heavy draying required by the wholesale busi
■ that vicinitj .
The i>!an to withdraw the Market street system from
local assessment by extending one of its lines into
Ssn Mateo County, which was exposed by The '"ill
last February, has been frustrated. The extension on
Railroad avenue r-tops twenty feet short of the di
\uling line between San Francisco and San Mateo
County. The situation at that point is that the rattles
have been cut oft the Market street tail, and the strag
gling end remains, which may be u-ed for squirming
purposes, but otherwise is probably unavailable.
The Call hopes that everybody is now satisfied. The
■ eastern property owners are accommodated. The
Merchants' Association has proved its common sense
and it< influence. The street railway monopoly has
discovered that it is not omnipotent and that it takes
at least seven Supervisors to consummate a steal.
The community has reasserted its power and demon
strated that public opinion, deliberately formed and
inexorably applied, is still controlling in American
cities. Truth and justice have been vindicated, and
apparently one battle royal is over.
There are other things left that demand unrelaxing
vigilance and determination. Politics must be
•■~ed and party methods substantially purified by
decent and progressive citizens, who possess Ameri
conceptions and are capable of administering
purgative medicines without receiving their prescrip
tions from cranks or sentimentalists. The immediate
future will be decidedly interesting.
General Luna seems to be passing through an in
sting experience. A few days ago he was as
sassinated by command of Aguinaldo, and now lie
is issuing new bombastic addresses to his troops. The
press censor of the Philippines must be on a spree.
Comte de Dion, one of the Parisian rioters, boasts
that lie took lessons in kicking, and if he ever hit any
one the i-sue would be ended. The Comte ought to
be sentenced to establish personal communication
with the hind legs of a mule.
Fitzsimmons seems to think now that there was
some informality in his introduction to Jeffries. He
wants to meet him again.
A POLITICAL WARNING.
IT is unnecessary for The Call to reaffirm its cmn
plete devotion to the Republican party of the
United States nor its determination, to the extent
of its influence, to enforce ordinary decency upon the
party management in this municipality and in this
' State. The approaching election is of great local
nee, and already the notes of preparation are
[to be heard on every side. A Republican municipal
i convention is to be held and a Republican ticket
nominated. Many thousands of reputable citizens,
I who are large factors in the enterprise, the intelli
! gence and the accumulated property of San Francisco,
I and who pay a heavy proportion of the taxes that sup
': port the municipal government, are also Republicans
and deeply interested in Republican success at the.
polls. A ticket that commands their support can be
elected. A ticket that excites their disgust will be
■
The vital question, which has to be settled without
i delay or evasion, is whether the decent and honest
' elements of the party are to control its nominations
and its management during the canvass. If
rupt and degraded machine politicians have
a grip upon the organization that cannot be
or relaxed, defeat stares the Re
-1 publican ticket in the face. Never in the his
les] tism of the raih
represented bj ims, William F. Herrin and
Governor i\?.\.-c. been so defiantly exercised. Sub
stantially and practically the entire State patronage,
without even a pretense of regard for the public wel
boldly used in the railroad interest.
There is no office so low or s<~> high that it escapes
Lthis shai ition. Mr. Huntington and
his. <■ rtunity is due to gross
hery and fraud, musi b that the mass of
the peopl* ■;>' and cowardly.
If this concentrated and arrogant railroad influence
is to be exerted in I nipulation of local party
machinery and in the municipal convention, the best
Republicans in this city will stand from under. They
will r of their means nor ol their in
!',!<■ support <■;' railroad nominees nor t<-> any
I for which Dan Burns and the machine politi
cians ntroi nd with whom he i~ combined are
responsible. The very existence of this community
great metropolitan centers of the
United States is involved in the question of clean
municipal government. 'Hie degradati pa^t
trated and. deepened within the last lew
•■ ■■ "',, and party fealty i~
ii.it -■ igh to < ercome the indignation which
independent ai itive Republicans feel and are
-t the presumptuous dic
the Huntington monopoly who arc
paid for their corruption principally by their stealings
from the public crib.
The ; ' lican Pieces?. San
Francisco shares with other American communities
all over the continei t tl lion that the salvation of
ids upon crushing the pro
letarian m ■ nts 1 I were • ted by the
Den ■ d Populist fusions in the last Presiden
tial and Stal t of at least < qual im
portance i- the prednminance of respectability and
brains within the ranl<> of the Republican party it
If the railroad i- determined to keep its unclean hands
upon politics, let it sion of the fu
tion. to which it hn^ already done it^
tto trai this State in the election of iqoo. Jt
cannot monopolize the management of Republican
politics in the municipal struggle upon which we are
to enter.
We hope that wi~>' ; m and may be locally
■■'• and accorded their just weight. Substan
tial citizens, f pi ting both
labor and capital, a mi any suspicion of
erviency to monopolistic corruption, should be
placed in positions of lead thin the local R<
publican organization. A convention should be held
in which the sound chai complet<
c, the practical intelligence and the und< I
Republicanism of ever) should be beyond
r cavil. Mr. Phelan, it he obtains a renomi
nation from his own party, should be confronted by a
man who all the qualifi or leading
a municipal government that he especially lacks and
whose name and standing would be a guarantee
again si del . ■ ■ ' and for the wise exercise of the
appointing power under the new charter. Every
nominee upon the ticket should be equally adapted
to the position to which he is assigned, and the com
bined result of patriotic and honest discrimination
should be invested with the invincible strength of fit-
tcr.
These rue the outlines of a campaign that would
■,i the motley collection of fusionists into oblivion
;<r,t\ place San Francisco in the front rank of progres
sive \mericanism. For such a success The Call will
strive with all the energy ami power it can exert. Rut
it wiil not submit, and the sturdy Republicans of this
city will no) submit, to railroad domination and to
machin :tion.
THE HAWAIIAN LABOR PROBLEM.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that the rapid increase of Japanese immigration
to Hawaii has attracted the attention of our
i Government and has given rise to no little concern
in official circle-. It is added the Bureau of Immigra
tion has undertaken to devise means whereby the im
migration may be clucked, but inasmuch as Congress
failed last winter to enact any permanent form of gov
ernment for the islands, it is not easy to see what can
be ''one.
The subject was discussed at some length during the
last session of Congress, and it was noted even then
that the Japanese immigration was growing to
ominous proportions. Statistics were cited showing
that from August 12, i.B<>S, when our flag went up at
Hawaii, to January 6, 1899, there were imported
7630 contract laborers of .-ill races, and from January
6 to February 2 there had been added 27^,2, making
70.412 in all. Some were Europeans, but most were
Japanese and Chinese, the Japanese being in the ma
jority.
It is now asserted on authority of an official report
from Honolulu that since the annexation of the
islands more than 12,000 Japanese have arrived at
that port, and no re son exists for believing the report
to be exaggerated. In fact, Japanese labor has been
highly valued on the plantations, and the planters are
doubtless doing all they can to encourage its immi-
gration.
We directed attention a short time ago to the un
satisfactory situation of white labor in the islands, as
reported by the Hawaiian papers themselves. Tt
seems to be generally accepted there, as lias been re
peatedly said by The Call, that white labor is unttted
for the cultivation of tropical sugar fields. Of course
the United States cannot consent to permit the plant
ers to import coolie laborers to compete with the
white labor of this country. Ilonce the concern
among the officials at Washington and the efforts now
i eing made to devise some means of preventing a fur-
I ther Japanese immigration.
According to the Inter Ocean, Senator Cullom,
| president of the Hawaiian Commission, said in a re-
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE IT, 1899.
I cent interview that the commission has already done
! its duty in this case. It has given the planters of
| Hawaii to understand that if they do not conform to
the general policy of this country to prevent labor im
portation the plan of government for Hawaii now
| pending in Congress will be changed, and be less sat
| isfactory to them.
It is clear from the reports of the increase in the
importation of cheap labor that the menace of the
commission is not so effective as Senator Cullom
thinks. The Government at Washington will have
to exert itself vigorously to put an end to the evil,
and the sooner the exertion is made the better.
MORE THAN THE TRAFFIC WILL BEAR.
ONCE more the Southern Pacific monopoly in
its persistent efforts to increase its burdens
and irritations upon the public to the full ex
tent the traffic will bear has gone beyond the limit
and aroused popular indignation to the point of re
sistance. It has undertaken to collect freight charges
upon packages carried by passengers upon the ferry
between this city and Oakland, and has begun the
extortion under such circumstances and in such a
manner as to make it an absolute outrage.
It appears that no notice was given to the public
of the intention of the monopoly to enforce the
newly devised exactions, but the employes at the efr
rics received orders to demand fare for parcels. Thus
the outrage came upon the people in the nature of a
surprise. It was another illustration not only of
Southern Pacific extortions, but of the Southern Pa
cific insolence of method of putting its decrees into
effect.
In the new venture the monopoly is evidently not
| playing for itself only. The Wclls-Fargo Company
will reap a share of the spoils to be exacted by the
In charges. If the extortion can be enforced a
I many additional parcels will be intrusted to
the company for transportation between this city and
the communities on the other side of the bay. and
there will be more dimes taken from the public to
; increase the profits of that tax-shirking corporation.
Every step in this scheme from conception to en
forcement shows an utter disregard for the rights of
citizens, an utter contempt for law and a complete in
difference to popular sentiment. Believing itself se
.i-.rc in the possession of a monopoly, the Southern
Pacific is reckless of all else. It has discovered a
traffic which it thinks can bear a heavier burden than
has been borne in the past, and proceeds to raise the
rate?.
In the meantime the \Yells-F.\rgo Company, the
ally that is to share in the plunder of the public, goes
■■ on with it? old exactions of war taxes from its patrons,
or, to be more exact, its victims. Despite the deci
sions of many courts that the war revenue act re
quires express companies to affix the revenue stamps
to parcels passing through their hands, the company
continues to enforce its demand?, to exact it? tribute,
to rob the public and to enrich itself, with all the arro
gance " ; a power superior to Congress, to the courts
and to the people.
I; does seem at times as if all the devils that en
tered the Gadarene swine had passed from those
beast? to the manager? of the Southern Pacific and
t he Wells-Fargo companies and had carried some of
: the nature of the hog? as well as their own abomina
tion with them. They seem so bent upon irritating
as well as robbing the public that it is difficult to
credit them with ordinary good sense.
It may be that a competing line of ferry-boats is the
only effectual remedy for the repeated extortions and I
mitmßcs committed by the monopoly, but it is;
nevertheless, worth while for habitual passengers on
the ferry-boats to make a fight. If the exactions be
isted day after day they will have to be abandoned :
in the end. When the burden becomes more than the
1 traffic will bear even a monopoly has to stop in its
greed.
WELCOME FOR THE OREGON TROOPS.
A DISPATCH from Washington announces that
the Oregon volunteers, who s:u!e<l from Manila
on Wednesday, will return home by way of
this port. San Francisco, therefore, will lie the point
at which their welcome should begin, and the greeting
litre should be not less enthusiastic and loyal than
that which will meet them in their own State.
The date of the arrival of a transport cannot be
fixed as accurately as' that of an ocean liner, and
therefore it is not certainly known at this time on
what day the troops will arrive. A stop will be made
fit Nagasaki for the purpose of coaling, and some
thing like thirty days may be counted on for t*;e voy
age. That gives ample time to make such prepara
dons as may be necessary to provide a welcome which
will assure the volunteers of the pride with which
their service in the Philippines is regarded through
out the Pacific Coast.
When the volunteers of the Eastern States returned
from Cuba they were welcomed with all the !
demonstrations of n patriotism still ardent with the
glow of the war spirit which then had not died out of
the public mind. The return of the Pacific Coast i
troops occurs under different conditions. The war
with Spain has become something of an old story,
and popular excitement has subsided. There remains, !
however, to animate the people, that principle of loy- \
alty which never weakens and which is ever ready to
respond to every rightful appeal that may be made to |
it. It is fair, therefore, to expect of San Francisco a
welcome for the Oregon volunteers equal in even'
respect to that accorded the most favored State troops
of the East on their return from Santiago.
While the fighting in the Philippines has not held
public attention so strongly as did the war with Spain. '
while there are no longer great crowds swarming
around the bulletin boards to catch every new report !
from the front, the contest with the Filipinos has i
been on the whole more severe than that with the
Spaniards, and the Pacific Coast troops have done
much more service than those of the East who fought
at Santiago. They therefore merit a higher reward
of popular applause and should receive it from the
people of whatever city first welcomes them back to
the soil of the United States.
It was from this port the Oregon volunteers set
forth for the long voyage to the Orient, and to this
port they return after having heroically served the
republic and gloriously upheld the prestige of their
State and their section. They are not Californians
indeed, but they are Pacific Coast men and our fel
low countrymen. They come to us as kinsmen, and
when they land on our shores should find their wel
come made clear to them by every form of public
manifestation, from the formal action of municipal
officials to the free and spontaneous outburst of the
cheers atid the acclamations of the people.
The startling announcement is made that the
Venezuelan Commissioners have begun their work at
Paris dressed in frock coats. The veracious cor
respondent seemed to think that the distinguished
diplomats ought to have their coats off. in view of the
character of the dispute they are to settle.
Without dropping into slang one can safely say that
the Big Consolidated in Cleveland has slipped its
trolley.
NEWS OF REALTY WORLD
Thf> stagnation in the real estatp market
continues, with no Immediate prospect of
Improvement. Tn fact, the brokers aa h
rule do not look for ;i revival of business
before the Ist of September, when people
begin to return from their vacations. Of
course, sales are being made dally, but
they ;m- for the most part small and of
little consequence so far as griving any
indication of the condition of the market
is concerned. The few transactions that
can be classed aa big include the sale of
the Taber property on O'Farrell street,
adjoining the Orpheum, for $80,000, men
tion of which was made last week, and
the sale of the four-story brick building
and lot on the west side of Battery street,
eighty feet north of Bush. The latter
property was sold by Bovee, Toy & Sunn
tag to Belle Curtis and lizzie Muir for
W. B. Scholl, the price paid being $80,000.
The latter linn also sold 277 acres in Santa
Clara County, seven and a half miles from
the railroad station, all in grain with the
exception of nine acres which are In fruit,
including an eight-room house and two
barns, for $16, .",00. The seller was James
McMahon and the buyer the State Pack
ing and Fruit Company.
Both of these deals have been on the
tapis for some time past, and the former,
while practically consummated, is not yet
officially announced.
The favorable action of the Street Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors on the
corkscrew franchise is regarded as a
great boon to the northern section of the
city, especially that portion bordering on
the bay. The railroad company has stated
through one of its principal officials that
the work of laying the tracks and putting
the new line in operation will begin at
once and be pushed to completion, and
this action will undoubtedly be followed
by a general overhauling and remodeling
of property which will be benefited by the
establishment of modern transfer facili
ties.
Baldwin & Howell have sold the fifty
vara lot on the southeast corner of Page
street and Central avenue for $14,000. The
new owners wll at once begin the erection
of six modern residences on the land.
Among other sales reported by the same
firm are the following:
Northwest corner or Howard and Four
teenth streets, 25x75, with Improvement?,
consisting of stores and flats, lor (12,500.
Lot and improvements on the south Bide
of O'Farrell street, GO feet east of Jones,
25x122:6, for $12,250. Southeast corner of
Oak and Octavla streets, with Improve
ments, lot 50x80, for $9000. Lot and Im
provements on the east side of Howard
street, 110 feet north of Twenty-third,
30x122, for $4200. Lot and improvements on
the west side of Duponi street, 67:6 feet
north of Bush, 20x68:9, for $6000. South
well corner of Sacramento street and
Prospect place, 30x46, for $1500. North side
of Clementina street, 150 feet east of
Fourth, lot 25x80, for $2500. Lot on the
west line of Folsom street, 125 feet south
of Twenty-fourth, 25x122:6, for $2200. Lot
on the north side of Union street. 105 feet
west of Franklin, 27:6x137:6, for $1500. LQt
on the east side of Stanyan street, 25 feet
south of Beulah, 25x106; 3, for $2500. Lot
and improvements on the north side of
Twenty-sixth street, ]02 feet west of Cas
tro. 22x114, for $1900. Lot on the south side
of Hayes street, 137:6 west of Laguna, for
$5300. Lot on the southeasterly line of
Shipley street, 22:6 east of Fourth, 22x69,
for $2300. Lot on the south side of Wash
ington street, 215 feet east of Broderick.
30x107, for $3000. Lot on the north side of
O street, -: fcf>t east of Eleventh avenue,
50x100, for $550. Lot on the east line of
Eleventh avenue, 2.10 feet south of M
Street; 50x120, for $550.
The following transfers of real estate,
were recorded during the week:
Wells, Fargo & Co., Henry and Mary B
Wadsworth to Mary L. Jackson, wife of B'
ron: lot on northeast corner of Vallelo and
Webster, east 50 feet by north 130 feet; $10
Rose A. Duffy, wife of George F., to Amer
ican Surety Company of New York; lot on
south side of Golden Gate avenue, 1376 east
of Lou. east 27:6 by south 137:6; $10.
George F. Duffey to Hose A. Duffey; same
gift.
American Surety Company of New York to
Rose A. Duffey: Fame; $3.
Thomas W. Fisher to Rachel V. Fisher; lot
on north Fide Bush, 75 west Lyon, west 23 by
north 75; gift. ■
Walter D. and Kate M. Littleton to James
Mearns; lot on west side of Cole. 100 north of
Pa«?e, north 26 by west 10fi:3; $10.
John F. Schroder to Jennie N. Ruck; lot on
south side Oak, 156:3 west of Cole, west 1:5
by south 137:6; warranty deed; $10.
Robert S. and Emma C. Atkins to Samuel
,T. Eva; lot on southeast corner Frederick and
Clayton, east 2S:m by south 106; $10.
Marten B. Joost to Ellen Herlihy; lot on
northeast corner Crocker, 22 southeast Colton,
southeast 21:9% by northeast 99: $10.
\\ ■ nd»ll Easton to John Crlbblns; re-record
1037 d 2S» north of Liberty. 188:4 west of Do
lores, west 16:8 by north 114; $10.
George Connon to Anne Connon; lot on north
side Dorland, 215 west of Church, west 3."..
north 118, east 35, south 122: $5.
Wesley B. and Laura M. Scott (minors), by
Emerson W. Scott (guardian), to Wesley B
Scott: undivided 4-27 th of lot on E Clara ay.>.
100 south of Seventeenth, south 50 by east 135:
undivided one-third of lot on NF. line of Mor
ris, 120 northwest of Bryant, northwi I 20 by
northeast 80, and property in other comi
ties; $1.
Angelo Glovannlnl to Lulfrl Giovannlni: lot
on south side Broadway 25 east of Ohio place,
south r.7:<5 by post 20; $S2.">.
Samp to same, lot on s linp of Broadway,
114:1 R of Kearny street, X 22:10 by s 68:9; $825.
Mabel E. Holland to Lowell .1. Hardy Jr., un
divided firth of lot on N lino of Clay street,
40:6< 2 W of Stockton, \V 19:514. N 88:9, E 19:5 H.
8 «S:9. warranty deed; $1.
Richard Conway to Patrick Plxon. re-record
ed lot on SW line of Rltch street, 37:6 NW
of Clnrv. X\V 37:6 by SW 75: JlO.
rni»n C. Wlngrove to Elizabeth Harp, lot on
BE lino of Silver street, 195 SE of Fourth. NE
20 l>y SE 80; Jin.
Bridget Bird to Marsaret K. Foulke?. lot on
W line of Seventh avenue, 225 N of Lake street,
.V 50 by W 114; $10.
Oeorpp Vllas to same. same, quitclaim deed:
510.
John Flanncry (by Edward I. Sheehan. Tax
Collector) to William Mori, lot 64, block 4.
'" lemy Tract, tax dee,]; $".
Same to same, lot 66, block 4. same, tax
deed: J7.
William and C. T. Nicol to Julius Radston,
lots 64 and 66. same; $15.
Frank and Elizabeth Merrill to James P.
Burke, lot on W line of Chapulterec street,
229:4 N of Virginia, N 25 by W 70, lot 308. Gift
Map 3: $1000.
David and Maggie Morshead to Bernard J.
Hamilton, lot on X line of Chapultepec street.
205:4 N of Cortland avenue. E 70 by N 25:?. lot
240. Cobb Tract; $1000.
George F. Smith. A H. Paul. W. 11. Schmidt
and George F. Smith & Co. (by J. J. Scoville,
assignee) to Curtis HHlyer. lot on SE corner of
Powhattan and Andover streets, E 70 by S
25; $6.
Margaret Lawson to George Thlstleton. lot
on N line of Sadowa street, 2G5 E of Orizaba.
N 115 by E 25. block F, Railroad Homestead
Association; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Louis
Lercarl, lot on :NE corner of Waller and La
guna streets, E 30 by N 100; $3500.
J. M. Weir to Charles Sladky. lot on N line
of Pine street. 196:10% W of Pierce, W 26:6* i
N 137:6. E 51:6%, S 26:6. W 25, S 112; $5.
Patrick Foran to Winifred A. Foran, lot on
SW corner of Sacramento and Devlsadero
streets. S 26:7 by W 110; gift.
Winifred A. Foran to J. A. Miller, same: $10.
Mary A. Magnln (wife of Isaac) to Louis
Qassner (wife of L.), lot on N line of Page
street, 37:6 E of Masonic avenue, E 25 by N 100
--$lO.
Ixiuis Gassner to Henrietta Gassner (wife of
1...), same; el ft.
Hibernla Savings and I,oan Society to Frank
A. Dwyer, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 103
N of Eighteenth. N 25 hy \V 100; $1400.
Elizabeth Harp to Ellen C. Rtley. lot on SE
line of Silver street, ISS NE of Fourth, NE 20
hy SE SO; sift.
Lena H. I*olnr to Ella Lolor. lot on N W line
of Mission street, 240 NE of Fifth. NE 3:, NW
ICO. S\V 25, SE 60, SW 10, SE 100. quitclaim
deed; $10.
Faustina H. Paulln (Blinn) and Frank L
Blinn to Frederick G. Blinn, lot on SE line of
Mission street, 260 SW of Eighth. PW 25 by SE
80, quitclaim deed; Jf>.
Faustina H. Paulln (Blinn) and Frederick
O. Blinn to Frank L. Blinn. lot on SH line of
Mission street, 225 SW r,f Eighth, SW 65 by SE
SO. quitclaim deed: J5.
City find County of San Francisco to Addl-
Pon E. Head and Alvin7.;i Hayward. lot on SE
corner of Sixteenth (Center) and l"tah streets,
S 207. E 20CI. N 207, W 200; $ .
Ahir.7.a and Charity Hayward to Repents of
the T'ntversity of California, undivided seven
twelfths "f hd»; $fiO37.
Same to Same. lot on NW corner Snn Bruno
avenue (Nebraska) and Seventeenth street
(Santa Clara). N 193 by W 100; $4825.
Addlson E. and Rebecca Head to Same, un
divided five-twelfths lot on E linn of rtah
street, 19?. N Seventeenth. N 207 by E 200; $5600.
John E. and Nellie C. Mason to Same, lot on
NE corner Seventeenth street (Santa Clara) and
Utah. N 193 by E 100: $6272.
Charles H. and Ida Ford to Mary .1 Curran
Int on N line of B street. *2:6 W Seventeenth
avenue W 25 by N 100; »fli>o.
William J. Gunn to Charles Bliss, lot on SW
corner of B street and Twentieth avenue, S
150, W 120, N M>, W 12:6, N. 100, E 132:6; $1050.
William T. Wallace to Charles F. Shelbley.
lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 125 N C Btre<#
N 25 by E 120; $10.
John and Wlnnefred Sheehy to Duncan Me-
Nee, lot nn W line of Ninth avenue, 200 S I
street. S 125 by W 120; $1.
.Tohn Somersett to Ann!* Sompn"»ft. lot on W
line of Ninth avenue. 275 S X street. S 20 by W
120; $10.
Annie Someraett (wife of John), to Solomon
Get 7. same; $10.
Albert M and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Her
man Hauser, lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 75
N O Btreet. N 25 by W 107:6; $10.
James W. Sr. and James W. Jr. (sons of
John) M. Linnahan (by W. S. V> heaton trus
tee) and j W. Llnnahan Jr. to Olive Verkoute
ren. lot 20, block 13, University Homestead
Mound Survey; $10. same, lots 29 to 32. block
Albert C. AiUen to same, lots 29 to 32, block
'OHve e Ver"kouteren (by Solomon Ducas, attor
ney) to Emll Glannini. same; $10. VlaAn
Caslmlro and Mary Antonioll to Dlna Eisen
bach, lot on S line of Union street. 3.. 6 W of
Laguna, W B0 by S 100; $10.
City and county of San Francisco to Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco (P. W.
Rlordan. incumbent), lot on W line i of . St. Jo
seph avenue (extended), GB:9 N of Turk street
and 100 W from E line of St. Joseph avenue, >.
31:3 by W 1656:3; $ . . „ . \
Jennie C. or Jennie and George E. Sexton to
William J. and Anna Krase. lot on \\ line of
Fair Oaks street. 122 X of Twenty-second, IS
61 by W 117:6; $10. _. .
Orvllle C. ' P. Goodspeed. Annie A. Stanford
and Jennie M. Snowgrass to William F.
Thompson, lot on B line of Howard street. 12 a
N of Twenty-fourth, N 30 by B 122:6, quit
claim deed: $">. -v--, , _ _, a ...
Estate of Lucy C. Goodspeed (by D. Sulli
van, executor, and O. C. Goodspeed, adminis
trator) to same, same; $2105.
Hebrew Home for Aged Disabled (a corpora
tion") and Morris Dettlebach to Jacob E. Lewis,
lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street, BO \Y of
York. W 25 by N 104; $500.
Merissa C. Whitney to Elizabeth Dean, lot on
S line of John street. 183 W of Powell, W 23 by
S fin. quitclaim deed: $10. _ ■•:_'.
James and Elizabeth Dean to Anton Robricht
Jr., same; $10. , • _
Mary Friedman to Isaac Friedman, lot on X
line of I,ark:n street, 100 N of Pacific, Is 37:6,
E 137:6, S 77:6, W 63, N 40. W 68:6; $10.
Ann Bolder to Henry N. Beatty. lot on >s\V
line of Federal or Frederick street, 79:2 SV/ of
First. S\V 25 by N\V SO; $10.
Maurice Ballin to Henry and Anna. Lehman,
lot on W line of Rhode Island street, 136:3 N
of Napa, N 25 by W 100; $10.
E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell (trustees
David Jacob) to San Francisco Savings Union,
1637 d 346, lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue.
26:8 W of Twenty-second avenue. W 53:4 by S
100. trustees' deed: $1000.
Beningna Bauer to Henry and Lizzie Buehn,
lot on W line of Naples street. 250 S of China
avenue, S 25 by W 100, block 47, Excelsior
Homestead: $10.
H. W. Taylor to Ruth S. Taylor, all real es
tate in San Francisco County: gift
Ga"tano Raffo to Clemente Lombard, lot on
S line of Shields street. 50 W of Vernon. W 50
by S inn, iota 29 and 30, block 19, City Land As
sociation; $273.
William M. and Laura M. Fonda to Seth
Th imas Clock Company (a corporation), lot 20,
block 19, Market Street Homestead: $10.
Edward .1. i-» Breton to Jennie M. Snowgrass
(wife of R. B.), 1196 m 2*>2. all interest In estate
of Lucy C. Goodspeed, probate No. 17,063, $1100;
also 1767 d 268. same, $500; $10.
Adelaide M. Marhs tfl Karl A. Muhlmann.
lot on N line of Waller street. 112:6 W of
Pierce, W 25 by N 137. ti; TlO.
Catherine Illmmelmann to William A. Ma
pee, lot on N !ine. of Broadway, 40 W of
Baker, W 37:3 by N 137:6; $10.
S'tne to Anna W Ellis, lot on XW corner of
Broadway and Baker street, W 40 by X 137:6;
$10,(
Jane T. Pawling (White), wife of John T.
Dowling, to Mary E. "White Crowley, wife of
Charles E. Crowley, lot on SW line of Twelfth
street, 236:6 SB of Howard, £E 21 by SW 1U0;
67ift.
George and Mary K. Rhorer to Covlngton
Johnson, lot on NW corner of Fourteenth and
Howard streets, N 25 by W "; $10.
Caroline R. Rouss<>l. wife of O. L. Roussel,
to Victoria E. Roussel, lot on W line of Pan
Jose avenue, 64 S of Twenty-seventh street. S
50, W 86:6%, NE 26:4 2-3, N 51:6, E 25, S 33:9.
thence 74:7% to beginning; gift.
Jacob and Llr.a Heyman to Eaton Faulkner,
lot on E llnf* of H .ffman avenue (Ellen). 105:6
S of Alvarado, S 2j by E 90, lot 77, Heyman
tract: $10.
Albert W. and IAUI* Pcholie to Belle Curtis.
wife of John M. Curtis, and Jvlzzie Mulr
(Binßle). lot on W line of Battery street, 80
N of Bush, N 25:9 by W 137:6; $10.
Isaac C. Allen to Sidney I>. Allen, undivided
one-third of lot or. N line of Pine street, 43
F of Jones, thence 60:1*4, N 137:6, W 30:4^., S
55, W 29:9, S 82:6, quitrlalm deed: $10.
Arthur F. and Isaac C. Allen to same, un
divlded one-third of san>e, quitclaim de^d: $10.
Peter aiifl Sine Peterson to Hepburn WHkins,
lot on S line of OFarrell street, OH E of Jones,
E 2n by s 122:6; $10.
John and Margaret L,. McCrea tn Anna O.
Ericsson, wife of Carl Ericsson, lot on W lino
of Fifth avenue, 300 N of Point I^obos avenue,
X 2,". by W i- : ". $10.
tlnentai Building and l>oan Acsoclation
to Joseph Sick". lot on W line -if Fourth avo
r.-ie, 125 S of Point Lobes avenue, S 25 by W
120: $10.
Mary F. Orndorf to Wlllard V. Huntingdon.
lot on SF, corner of I? street and Twenty-first
avenue, E 107:6, S 100. X ]2:6, 3 80, E 120, S
s*:B, S 87 degrees 15 minutes YV 240, N 205:6;
$10.
Flmira La Chapeile. wife of Joseph La
chanelle, to Marlette A. Nelson, wife of N.
Nelfon. lot on S line of Powell avenue, 160 E
Of Mission street, E 2.1 by S 100. P. V. lands;
$10.
Roman rnth^llc Archbishop of San Francisco
(a corporatii n sols), to Walter W. Markle. lot
on SW line of Cotter street, 100 NW of Mis
sion X\V 25 by SW 100, Muck 5, Academy
tract; $10.
Caroline R. Roussel. wife of O. It. RfHUSsel,
to Victoria E. Roussel. lot on S line of Saga
more street. 240 B of Orizaba, F 240 by S 250.
lots 3 and 4, block A, Railroad Homestead
Association: Rift.
Ross ' • T/mio Oreennaum, l^t on E
line of Franklin street, 75:8 S of Washington.
S 2! l ■ E 137 6 $10.
Pauline M Steifter to Pauline M. A. Pfister.
lot .'ii 6 line ol Ha I I 181:3 W of Devisa
.'• r . U 25 bj s 137:6; $10.
Cnrl J. and Boiena L*rsen to Caroline H.
Robinson (wife of ,T. A.), lot on NE line of
Tenth street, 275 SE of Howard, SK 40 by NE
1"": $10.
Mar> a. Chiochase to Eliza I>.. Clara E.
and John M. Chipchase and Lucy C. Gray
I it "ii W line t Elgin Park, 267
S of Herman .-tr^et. S 22 by W 75; ffift.
Same to came, same (quitclaim deed); $6.
John Ellis to Thomas P. Ellis, undivided
one third of lot on N line of Ford street, 210
E of N'oe, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Mary A. Ellis to same, all same; $10.
Margaret and George H. Munroe to Hibernla
Savings and Loan Society, lot on X\V line of
Market street, 268:4)4 XF. of Castro, NE 25,
X\V 116, W 28, S S. PE \2Z: $10.
William F. Thnmpsnn to Mary T. Thompson,
101 on F. Itne of Howard street, 125 N of
Twenty-fourth, N M by E 122:6; gift.
Tiny.thy Oriffin to Fram.is ,T. and Ellen
Oriffln, undivided two-thirds of lot on F line
of Hyde stn-et, !12:fi N of Vallejo, N 2?. by
$10.
Unknown owners (by Lunian Wadham. Tax
Collector) to .T. (i Klumpke. lot on SE lino of
Hubbell street, '-sv, ol Seventh, SW 20 by SE
120, tax deed; $S.
Ine <"> and Maude E. Heydenfeldt to Grace O.
Hey.l.Mif«Mt iwife .if F. O ), lot on SE line of
. Street, 342 « SW of Third, PW LSO, SE
90, NB 110, S 70, NE 40. NW 180, and rieht of
way over Louise street or Louisa alley: $10
Ann H. Farrel! to William P. J. Fairell. lot
on XW lino of Nutorna itreet, 100 NE of Sixth,
NE 2.=. by nw 80; tttt
Lobos Land Company >a corporation) to Car
ri" E. Bridge, lot i n W line of Twenty-second
av»nue. X*> S of Lake Street, S 25 by W 12i); Jlfl.
Snnie to Agnes II Bradford <wife of W), lot
on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 12?. S of Cali
fornia street. S 2 : > by E 120; $10.
Pauline M Stelger to Anna B. Victor lot on
W line of Twenty-second avenue, 273 X of Point
lyobos, X W by W 240; $10
Estate John Henry (by William F Miller
administrator* to C. S. Kittredpe. lot on W
line of sixth avenue, 22."> N of H street N 25
by W 120; {525
' C and Mary B. MoMtillen to C. J Barta,
lot on V." line of Forty-fourth avenue. 167 N
of J street. N s by W 120, quitclaim deed; $10
Albert and Mary MatSChke to Herman J.
Sadler, lo; on E line of Thirty-second avenue,
100 S of J street, S r io by E 120; $100
Fienjnmin F. and Zella B Clarke to Sydney
J. and Kathe B. Felton. lot on SE corner of
Twenty-eighth avenue and X street. E 132:fi
by S 100; also lot on E line of Twenty-eighth
avenue. 100 S of X street. S 25 by E 100; als ■>
lot on E line of Twenty-eighth avenue. 175 S
of X street, S 160 by E 120; r.lso all interest
In Outside Lands block 79:.; $6
Rnraii M. and Marlon Thrasher to F. L.
Yoakum, lot on S line of Geneva street 236
W of Howtli. S 100 by E 50. lot 1. block 11,
San Miguel City: also lot on Q street. 40 W of
Forty-seventh avenue, W 42:R by N 100; $1
John W. and Annie L. Wright to fcllla E.
<-""k. l"t on SW line of Naples street. 150 SW
of Japan. SW 50 by PE 100, lot 2, block 53,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Sylves
ter A. EMridße. lot f.. plot 1, Odd Fellows 1
Cemetery; ;
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Timo
thj .1 and John F. O'Connor, lot on N line of
Waller street, 141:3 E of Irfimina, E 2E by N
157:6; $2000.
Bernard Mehl t,, Sarah A. Snyder, lot on NE
corner of Flllmore and Hermann streets. N 2^
by E 81:S; $.10.
August and Marie Schaefer to Emily Hartter
(wife of Louis), lot on E line of Hteiner street.
82:6 S of Fulton, S 27:6 by E 110; $10.
Adele M. MoCracken (wife of William) to
Daniel Einstein, lot on S line of Tape street,
114:4 B of Central avenue CLott). S 137:6, \V 22:2
to beginning; JIO.'
Charles S. anil Covington Johnson, Cornelia
J. Prlntrle and Juliet J. Mezes to Anna C.
Brouchoud (wife of Joseph F.). lot on S line
of Oak street. 162:3 W of Central avenue (Lott),
"VV 30:1014 by S 137:6; $10.
Same to Carrie Green (wife of D, H.). lot on
N lino of Page street, 185:7% W of Central
avenue (Lott). W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Isaac
Anderson, let on X line of Pierce street, 166 S
of Waller. S 25 by E 91:3. lot 11, block 2,
Marlon Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Isaac Anderson to William H. Manuoll,
same; $10.
Estate of John A. Monroe (by A. C. Freese.
administrator) to Ellen Pore, 343-11, 520 th inter
est of State title of the water property of
North Peter Smith Tract, bounded on E by
Larkln street. W by charter line of 1860, N by
ships' channel In Hay of San Francisco. S by
high water mark of Bay of San Francisco; $200.
Olivia K. Townesend to William S. Townsend
lot on W line of Valencia street, 200 s of
Twenty-third. s 75 W 161:5*4. N 75:8%, E
151:1%; also lot on \V line of Valencia street
2::. S of Twenty-third. W 161:5% by s\v 3ij
Inches; also property outside of county (quit
claim deed): $10.
Mark Kraus to Harriett a Kraus, lot on xv;
corner of Twenty-fifth and Alabama streets W
25 by N 104; gift.
Abraham and Bertha Krause to Barbetta
Krause, same: grift.
Alice H. and Ida W. Walter, to Charles Hill
lot on E line of Sanchez street, 76:6 N of Val
ley, N 25 by E 100: $650.
Mary Cruse (widow) to Thomas .T.. William
J.. Frank 11. and Mary A. Cruse, lot on W
l'ne of Castro street, 220 N of Twentieth, N
27:6 by TV 140; gift.
Edward Mandonnet to John F. Hagerty, lot^
on S\v corner of Sacramento street and Pros- T
pect place, w 30 by 8 46; $1500. '
T.uigi and Teresa Pardini (by Elgisto C. Pal
mlerl, attorney) to Josephine Pardini, lot on
S line of Union street. 137: C W of Mason W
:<s:i : _. by S 137:0 (quitclaim deed); $10.
Michael Sullivan to Margaret Sullivan (wife
of M.) rerecord of 1064 d 397, lot on \'\Y line
of Brannan street, 85 aw of Sixth, SW 20 by
NW 75; sift.
> Margaret Sullivan (widow) to A. W. and
Charlotte Anderson, same: $10.
Fred A. McNally to William D. Canty, lot
on W line of Third avenue, 425 N* of Point
Lobos, N 37:6, W 65:6' 2 , SW to point E 74:1%;
C S. and Maria C, Klttredge to John R.
Lezott, lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 225
N of B street, X 25 by W 120; $10.
Daniel Ahem to Mary A. Feaheny. lot on W
line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 125 N of P street.
N 25 by W 120: $300.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Cuneo and Costa Company (a corpora
j tion), strip two feet wide fronting on Clinton
I avenue, lying between property of second party .
and Clinton avenue, being same strip reserved
on Map Subdivision No. 1 Castro Street Ad
dition recorded October 29, 1895; $10.
Glo Batta Buggiano to Antonio Depaoll. un
divided half interest in lot on W line of Pot
rero street, 200 N of Burrows. X SO by W 100,
lots 31 and 32, block B, Haley Purchase; $600.
Building contracts for the week are as
follows:
J Molony owner, with J. B. Gonyeau con
tractor, architect Curtis Tobey Jr., all work
for removal of old building and erection of a
three-story frame building- (flats) at 430 Eddy
street: ready for floor Joists. $1100; rustic and
roof on, $1721: rough plumbing and brown mor
tar on $1720; completed and accepted. $1720;
thirty-five days after, $2088; total, $8349; bonds.
$208$ American Surety Company of New York
surety; limit, 100 working days: forfeit, $5 per
day plans and specifications filed.
Bernhard Schweitzer owner, with J. W. Mil
ler contractor, architects Percy & Hamilton, all
work for a one-story brick building nn S line
of Union square avenue (Morton), 40 w of
Grant avenue, W4sby S 80. Brick v. >rk Is v^HP
ready for roof trusses, $1189; completed and ac-T
cepted. $1189; thirty-six days after. $800; total, "
$3175. Bonds $800. P. Began and C. A. Day
pureties. Limit twenty-six working days. For
feit $10 per day. Plans and specifications filed.
Margaret K. Foulkes (owner) with Charles
M. Depew (contractor), architect J. Mora Moss
—All work for a three-flat frame building on
E line of Spruce street, 107:7';, S of Sacra
mento. S 25 by E 112:6: $3725.
Congregation Sherith Israel (owner) with D.
Zielinsky (contractor), architects Salfteld &
Kohlherg. Painting and decorating for church
building on XI" corner of Post and Taylor
streets, E 105 by X 97:fi; $1200.
THE STRIKE
AT REDDING.
REPT>T\O, CaT., June 15, 1599.
Tn the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir;
Inclosed find a statement : placing th«>
position of the striking miners at Iron
Mountain squarely before the public,
as you have been publishing consider-
ile matter regarding the lock-out.
We respectfully request that you givft
our statement position in your valuable
paper.
Thanking you in advance for this
favor, we remain, very respectfully,
THE COMMITTEE.
"We, the ■und°rsigT>ed, constituting' a
! committee of the employes of the Iron
j Mountain mine at Iron Mountain, Field
i ing, Cal., controlled and conducted by the
Mountain Copper Company, limited, bog
leave to make the following statement re
lating to the strike declared on the 13th
inst.: On June 10 a grievance committee
of twelve men waited upon Superintend
j ent Archer and asked for, in behalf of
| the employes of the corporation, a uni
• form increase of 40 cents in all branches
of the mining business. At the [ t
time miners are receiving $2 60 per day,
anil the lower grades of workmanship
from $1 60 to $2 10 per day, which in our
opinion is considerably below the aver
age schedule in force on similar proper
ties in this and other parts of the State.
We believe our cause is a just one. and
desire to inform the mining public to that
effect.
We also desire to draw attention to the
state of affairs in the conduct of the
boarding-house, which is controlled by
the aforesaid corporation- In our opinion
the food provided is absolutely unfit for
human consumption, and in view of the
fact that employes of the company are
compelled to patronize the institution un
; der penalty of discharge, we consider this
• feature a most deplorable one.
The strike was a general one, over 50ii
men going out as aeainnt but two. who
oppose them by remaining. We desire to
publicly denounce them by subjecting
them to the ridicule of their fellow-work
men.
The striking workmen are behaving in
a most orderly manner, notwithstanding
their just grievances. They have left the
vicinity of the property and are quartered
in towns adjacent thereto.
We desire to call attention to these
facts and ask all miners in sympathy
with their fellow-workmen to assist us in
bringing the strike to a successful termi
nation by refraining fmm offering their
services to the corporation concerned.
S. R. SMITH,
WILLIAM ORAHAM,
C. H. BEEVE,
Committee.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
MRS. VIRGINIA VANDERBILT— D. S..
City. Mrs. Virginia Vanderbilt (nee Fair)
Is 24 years ol age.
TWENTY-ONE— A.. City. In the game
of twenty-one the amount to be paid de
pends under what rules the players com
mence the game. As the letter <>f inquiry
flops nut state under wh>t rules the par
ticular game was played the informatioU
asked for cannot be furnished.
A TITT.K WANTED— A corresponds*
desires the title of the song having for
chorus:
I'll be waiting love, for thee
Waiting till your gentle smiles I see,
Don't forget the promise.
Darling. I'll be waiting, lnve, for th^e.
Cream mixed cardie?. 2'ic n->. Townsend'B.'
Treat your friends to Tnwnsend's Cala.
Glace BOc rb, in Bre-etched hnxeg
or Japanese bapkots. 827 Market street. •
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, belts,
purse*. Best goods, best values at San
born & Vatl's, 741 Market street. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Presa Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepuone Main XW2. •
Killed by a Fall.
Michaol J. Lavin died yesterday at his
residence, 37% Madison street, from in
juries received by a fall last Wednesday
afternoon while working "ii a building on
the corner of Beale and Harrison streets.
He hari been taken for treatment to th*
Harbor Hospital and from that place Was
removed to hia home, whore he died. He
wi* a laborer. 68 yeara old and left a
family of three grown daughters.
An inquesl will be held.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Franelsco Jiwie 29th, fi p. m.. via
Central Pai Ific Railway; leave Ogden July Ist.
v io 1. m., via I'nton Pacific Railway; arrive
Denver July 2d, 7:00 a. m. ; leave Denver July
3d. 1:40 p. m.. via Union Pacific Railway; ar
rive Omaha. July 4th, 6:30 a. m.. visit exposi
tion; leave Omaha July 4th, 4:55 p. m., via
, I ago and Northwestern Railway: arrive
Chicago July sth, 7:45 a. m. ; lea\<> Chicago
July Mh. 12:02 noon, via Wabash Railway; ar
rive Detroit July sth, 8:10 p. m. Rounl trip,
first class, $Sl. Limit fur return July 15th. with
privlleße extension to August 15th for additional
50 cents. For reservations and further Infor
mation address Geo. P. Lowell. Tran.^. Mgr.
Cal. C. E., H526 Eighth nve., Kast Oakland, Cal.
Rock Island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, vi.i
Rio Grande and Rock Island railway?. Through
tourist Bleeping cars to Chicago and Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. For tickets, sleepine
car accommodations and further information
address CLINTON JONES. General Af??nt
Itock Island Railway, CM Market St., S. F.
» «
Low Rates to Detroit. Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention. y
The SANTA FK R< H'TR will mak- rate of
$'1 for the round trip. Tickets .'ii June
29th. For full particulars call nt tickn office.
IBS Market street, this city, or ins Broadway,
Oakland.
If you don't eat weii or sleep well, have head
aches and dizzy spells, try a spoonful of Dr.
Sfeeert's Angostura Bitter*.OWNERS OF
DENS NOTIFIED
TO MOVE OUT
Mayor Acts on Sug
gestion of Vigilants.
MUST CLOSE IN THREE DAYS
CHINATOWN WILL THEN BE
PURGED OF THE SOCIAL EVIL.
Notification Caused Consternation in
the Vice-Breeding Quarter, but a
Concerted Effort Will Be
Mnde to Defeat Law.
the self-constituted com
rmed a few months ago f., r the '
n of the Bodal evil in Chlna
■; last borne fruit, and if the
- Pby them are still operative!
Chinatown will be closed
•■ iys. The brothels of Chi
•• ! chiefly i-, Baker, Kum
"»*. Sullivan. Bartlett and Ross
W'averly place, have
■■> the talk not only i
n Francisco but the whole coun- I
rf y - Hundreds , been led
■••■ : s« ction of the i
Xl ressed disgust
ns but haw Lrried
- been
1 c ncisco
• of a municipal gov- '
t which would allow such things
• • • weeks ago a number of citl- ;
■ ■■ yes into a committee ;
' tncorpoi ■• .: 11 der the '
■ was
ings, the suppression of |
irter. A committee i
ts w. Nt thi ough the dis- '
• disn putable China
most disgusting
step v the next
tar as could i>
ted to the
most 1 rgotti n law, known
ppresßion of houses
I March 31, 1866 was
provisions
I •' an y ci t v :
I :■ sp msible
n house is being used
mpowered
•t s thereof to leave
ays, either by posting a
- .•• d< or of the house or by
upant or occu
pants.
of the Vtgilants secured
' ■ ■.'•■- md i iccupants
most notorious dens in the
, and about a wvi'k ago
the Mayor, at the ?amei
ttention to the act of >
• • i cupanta of each '
I received" a notice
• w hich the following is a I
SAX FRAXCISCO. June 15, 1599.
Mayor's Ofhce; City and County of
San Francisco— To Ni Mar Geej lessee
of premises, southwest corner of
Bakt-r and Sullivan alleys: Within
three days after service upon you of
this notice, you are hereby required
-to abate the nuisance now existing- at
the southwest corner of Baker and
Sullivan alleys, in the city and county
of San Francisco, towit: The use
and occupance of said promises for
purposes <>i prostitution. Killing to
comply with the terms of this notice
within said time, will subject you to
penalties prescribed by the act of
.\iareh 31; lvW. entitled "An act for the
suppression of Chinese houses of ill-
Pne," as amended by the actj ap
>v»-il F'bru.wy 7, 1>74.
JAMES D. PHELAX, Mayor,
is needless to say that the receipt of
notic- caused consternation in China
town. The Yigilants had been heard of
and scoffed at. The owners of th^ dens
looked upon it as a blackmailing' scheme, .
pure ana simple, and hourly awaited the
arrival of the agent of the society in
fjur-st of a fee to omit the name of the
house from the list. But th^ agent never
came. In his place was the order from
the Mayor directing 1 the social outcasts
to leave their abodes or he would call
upon the police to eject them under the
law "luotf'd.
The officers of the Bow TV"ah Tong, or
Flave dealers' association, held a hasty
conference and selected a prominent law
yer to handle the case. With their cus
tomary secretiven<=ss the Chinese refuse
to divulge his naraf, but rumor has it
that the man is former Judge Ferral.
i\Vhen it comes to giving their side of the
story, however, th^y were more garru
lous. Th^se dealers, with an extraordin
ary familiarity with a law which ha al
'.ays been ignored by them, stated that
it could easily be defeated. "Class or spe
cial legislation," said on* 4 of them, "is >
unconstitutional. This law provides only
for the suppression of Chinese houses of
i!l-farne and is therefore unconstitutional.
The Supreme Court has decided similar
cases time and again and we are safe."
Aside from this th<> i.'' n< ral impression
prevails that the Mayor's notice is more
than half bluff, or in other words that in-
Btead of every o>n being turned Inside
cut the kepper of on*> of the houses will,
at the expiration of the • ted time, be
? laced under arrest, and a test case made,
n thf» meantime; his and all other houses
will run full blast Jusn as usual. The
Vigilants, at whose instigation Mayor
Phelan sent out the notices, have made
cut no such programme. The society
•wants to fee the law as it stands on the
6tatute books enforced. It Is Its desire
to have every house closed according to
law and common sense, which is the foun
dation of all law, and let each and every
on>nd*»r be given a irate trial if nec
essary. The. object nrst and foremost is
to close the houses.
HIBERNIAN REUNION.
Preparations for the Annual Celebra
tion at Schuetzen on July 4.
The general committee of the various .
divisions of the Ancient Order of Hiber- ;
nians having In charge the 4th of July j
celebration at Sehvietzen Park met in Hi- j
fc^rnia Hall last night, Judge. Cooney pre
siding:. Reports of a most encouraging
nature were received from the chairmen
of the various sub-committees. The game <
committee has arranged a programme!
both novel and entertaining, and for each I
game there will be a substantial prize. |
The committee on amusements has also j
done its work and done It well. One of j
the features ranged by it is to Inter- ;
sperse the regular dancing programme ;
with jix and reel dances. Of course (
every one will be privileged to join in |
thesM, but to ike sure a number of jig ;
an<l reel artists have been secured. A |
prominent sneaker has been agreed upon j
to occupy thi? platform as orator of the j
day ana other speakers of prominence ;
v.ill discuss matters <■?■ genera] Interest.
To relieve the monotony; me first-class
vocalists an'l givers ■■• "light talk" have i
been e.ngaged.
Division Xo. n v.ill hold a special meet- j
Ing to-night to further the arrangements
so far as is In Its power, and special calls
have also been s.f-nt out to the member*
of Nos. 0. 8, 11, 12, it, 17 and 20. During
the past week divisions 2, 3 and 10 have
held special meetings. All were unusually .
largely attended hihl n ; real deal of en- >
thusiasm in the Irish reunion on Amcr- j
Ua'a natal day wn.s manifested.
WAS UP FOR CONTEMPT.
Justice of the Peace Cook Appears
Before Judge Daingerfield.
In endeavoring to vacate a judgment in
favor of O. A. Curtln and against Joseph
ICassori anil his wife. Mario • 'asson. Jus
tice of the Peace ii. W. V. Cook disobeyed
a writ of prohibition issued by Judge
Daingerflelcl of ihc Superior Court, and in
consequence was up yesterday to show '
cause why ho should not be punished for
contempt of court. The aged Justice of
the Peace said that ho did not attempt to
set npirie tho judgment after the writ had j
!■< on served on him. consequently he could i
not l"' in contempt. The case was con-
Hnufd until Monday for further hearing,
and in the meantime Justice Cook is on !
tiic anxious stand.
Want a New Fire Engine.
Fire <"h)ef S;;l!!van and Commissioner
Junes appeared before the Finance Com
mittee of the Supervisors yesterday, and
asked permission to purchase, a new tire
engine. They stated that by rigid economy
there was between $7000 and $8000 surplus
In thp Fire Department Fund, which
would revert to the general fund at the
close of this fiscal year.
Two new first-class engines had been
sent out here on speculation and one
could be purchased now for $4940. The
matter will come up again to-day and no
tioubt tho request will be granted.
MARTIN IS WROTHY.
Says Secretary Kavane Unjustly Cut
His Expense Bills.
Martin is Indignant at the way
Governor Gage's private, secretary, Ka
vane, has been shaving his bills for travel
ing expenses. The Sheriff says that Ka
vane seems to have usurped the functions
of the Board of Examiners in that re
spect and his br-en cutting out nickels,
dimes and quarters from his bills without
reason. He says that Items of car fare
for deputies from the City Hall to Broad
way Jail to pet prisoners, and from there
to train or boat, have been knocked out,
while necessary carriage hire for use
Of insane patients and dangerous crim
inals has been shaved without justice or
reason.
The Sheriff d'-ni.-s Kavane's alleged
statement that his deputies charged $1
for each meal when away from home.
Regarding Kavane's statement that depu
ties unnecessarily remain over night when
conducting prisoners and Insane patients
'■ to the prisons or asylums. Sheriff Martin
i says it is untrue. Insane patients are
; controlled entirely by the Lunacy Com
missioners, who order their commitment
I forthwith. As commitments are made
I during the day. the Sheriff has no choice
I in the matter." but must send them to the
asylum <>n the first train, which is in the
afternoon. The deputy is consequently
obliged to remain away all night. Tho
Sheriff was obliged to visit Sacramento
to s,>" that his bills wpre not cut un
justly and Kavane expressed his approval
l of them when th? items were explained to
him.
WILL CONSTRUCT A
MODEL CAMP GROUND
COLONEL GREENLEAF REPORTS
FOR DUTY.
Everything at the Presidio Will Be
Made Comfortable for the He
turning Volunteers.
Assistant Burgeon General Charles R
Greenleaf of the United States army ar
rived yesterday from Washington and in
registered at the Palace. He is accom
panied by Mrs. Greenleaf and will make
his headquarters here until after the vol
unteer regiments returning from the
Philippines have been mustered out.
Colonel Greenleaf's trip west is In ac
cordance with orders issue, 1 by Adjutant
General "'orbin. instructing him to n
to General Shatter for duty in this de
partment. The new ramp ground to b«
laid out at the Presidio for the reception
of volunteers returning t" be musi
out will be constructed under his sip. r
vision. and he Is vtrtieiilarly instructed
to see that it is equipped with perfect
s a nit ar y arrangements.
The department does not intend to
again subject its soldiers to the frightful
conditions and. exp isures that brought
death to so many of them during thi • \
Istence of Camp M • rri tt . and to this end
will spare- no expense. The camp ground
to be laid out is to be a model of its kind
and everything will be done to prot< I
the soldier boys against climatic rigors
sickness.
General <»reenl»-af called at General
Shafter'B headquarters yesterday and re
ported for duty. !!■ will begin active
work at once.
Bogus Lottery Tickets.
<;• rge LTpson, the manufacturer of '
- lottery tickets, was convicted by a
jury in Judge Treadwell's court yesterday
; afternoon of the charge of aiding and
abetting a lottery. He will appeal
nee this morning, when Attorn< ■•
■ 'ollins will giv< • • • app< at t< I
Superior Court, nds to test the
qu 'stion on thi - • \.tt it must be
thi n was a lottery, which he con
t< nds could not he shown In Ups m's case.
LTpaon has been convicted and sentei !
■ I times on a similar charge, but he
continues to print and sell the bogud
tickets. I
REFUSES TO REVEAL
HER IDENTITY.
The Mysterious Emma
Johnson Still in the
Hospital.
THE mysterious woman who w as picked up in a semi-ur.conseioup rnn
dition at Seventh and Howard streets late on Thursday night and who
gave her name as Krnma Johnson, Mill occupies a cot in the female
ward of the Receiving Hospital. She refuses to throw any light on
her antecedents except to nay that she recently arrived from the north.
Last evening she was visited by two female acquaintances, who Beemed as
mysterious as their unfortunate friend. One of thorn, who refused to giv©
her name, while claiming that she met the woman several years ago, laugh
ingly remarked that she did not know her true name.
While admitting that her name is not Etpma Johnson, the patient per
sistpntiy refused to tell who she Is or how long she has been in the city.
"I don't want my nnrents to know of my misfortune." she tenderly re
marked. "I know thai it would break my poor old mother's heart. It Is
•' .• ;hat I am mnrried. but 1 am not living with my husband. He deserted me
and 7 was compelled to hire out as a domestic to provide for myself." The
woman emphatically refii-erj to ten w!.<--re she had worked.
"It Is my business," she remarked when asked to give the names of her
employers. "I would rather die than reveal their Identity."
To Matron Kane the woman said she arrived In the city nti"<it a year ago
and procured employment as a domestic In a house on Clay street, the nura
b< r cf which she refused to give. Sh» subsequently lost her position and
through a friend, whose name she refused to reveal, she was given employ
ment with a family in th<> Western Addition. A.boul kwo weeks ago she was
diP'hargen 1 . and since then Bbc has been out of employment.
On Thursday, finding that the small amount of money she had was gnnp,
she wsml'Tw] about the city in the hope that she would meet some friend
who would at leapt assist her in getting something to eat. Exhausted and
almost famished, she strolled along Seventh street, and when contiguous to
Howard street she collapsed. A citizen who was passing at the time picked
her up and carried her into a drugstore on the corner. As she seemed to be
p.-rior.sly 111. the druggist had her removed to the Receiving Hospital.
Severnl charitably Inclined women, on learning of her sad predicament,
yesterday visited the hospital and endeavored to learn from her own lips the
story of her troubles. While treating them emiretoously, she positively re
fused to reveal her identity, on the plea that she did not want her mother to
know of her misfortune.
TTTE SAX FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 1899.
APPEARS TO BE
A GOLD BRICK
FOR THE CITY
Phelps Would Deplete
the Treasury.
PANHAND^PROPERmiT^S
WANTS TO APPROPRIATE OVER
$25,000 AT ONCE.
Will Be of No Use Until the People
Decide by Ballot Whether the
Lots Shall Be Pur
chased.
Supervisor Phelps appears to be In nn
seemly haste to unload many thousands
of the city's golden dollars upon the Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany, but he Is not likely to succeed, for
the present at any rate, for s.> far as
known he is the only number of the board
who favors the plan just at this time.
Some weeks api The Supervisors called
for bills to furnish abstracts of titles to
the property included In the proposed
park panhandle extension; also to insure
tho titles of Buch property. The Califor
nia Title Insurar.ee and Trust Company
submitted a bid of $21,423 51 for abstracts
of titles, and $25,114 51 for abstracts "ii
Insurance. It was the onlj bid, and was
red to ;li" Judicary Committee, con
sisting of Byington (chairman), Aigeltin
■ i Phelps.
The committee mi-t yesterday and
Phelps moved that the California Title
Insurance and '['rust Company's bid for
the larger amount be recommended for
ptance, the amount to be provided
; for in the tax levy for the next fiscal
i year. Byington opposed the motion on
ground that until an election Is held
and the question Is determined whether
bonds shall be issued for the purchase
of the property in question II would be
premature and wholly unn ssary to ex
pend such b largi sum. Besides no use
could be in:..!, i | th< titles until after the
election was held and condemnation pro-
Ings Instituted by the City and Coun-
I ty Attorm > . ai d If such election were ad
verse t" thi pp position the money would
be entirely thrown away. After th^ prop
osition had been adopi d by the voters it
I be ample time to secure the ab
strai ts of titles.
Algeltinger seconded Phdjis' motion and
It was carried, Byington voting against
it. Afterward Aigeltinger explained his
i by saying he merely seconded the
it of < lurtesy to Phelps, but that
Intended to vote against it in the
board. He fully agreed with what Bying
id said, and strongly Intimated that
it was a peculiar proposition to be ad
vanci I lust now. to say the least. He]
certain n would i:->t be passed to
■ print.
Three claims, aggregating $750, present
ed hy General .!. II Dickinson for ser
vices as special counsel for Auditor Wells
In the litigation Instituted by Moses and
- against the Board of Education,
were rejected, the committee holding that
the cifj was not liable for anj special
counsel a public official might employ un
],us he received authority from th«; board
to do so. In this Instance such authority
• ■ ■ • • grai ted.
The committee reported In favor nf
>mising i; " claim of John 11 Sli
vers again t the city on a basis of $2500.
cured judgment for $3903 75 Eor
■ his property at the corner of
Van Ni Chestnut street by
changing the grade of those thorough
-1 fates, but is wiMinu to acce] I $2500 In set
ent. The money is to be paid out of
; the surplus fund, or if that is exhausted,
provided for In the next tax levy.
JURY SECURED
FOR TRIAL OF
OSCA WELBURN
Thirty- One Charges
Against Him.
FORGERY AND EMBEZZLEMENT
DOCTORED VOUCHERS FOR UN
EARNED SALARIES.
Louis Loupe, the Former Chier Depu
ty, Takes the Stand for the
Government and Identi
fies the Accounts.
When Judgfe dp Haven called the court
to order yesterday morning for the trial
of Osca M. W'elburn It was found that
i some nf the jury panel w< re absent and
a recess was taken until 2 p. in., when a
jury wa.s quickly secured, as follows: \V.
G. Ayres. E. A. Hubbard, William R.
Knight. Henry Frohman, Thomas J. Da
i vis, F. Tormey, Marcus M. Henry. S. W. \
Simmons. R. R. Stewartson, George Bar
; ber, Hugh Marshall and C. H. Wads
i worth.
! Assistant United States Attorney Wood
worth made the opening statement for
the Government, it was as brief and
concise as possible and consisted of a
synopsis ■•:" the charges contained in the
thirty-one counts in the indictment. The
first twelve cnmits charged the prisoner
with having forged twelve vouchers for
■■ the monthly salary of Clerk K. C. Akins,
and with haviiiK embezzled the difference
between $25 per month, which he paid
Akins, and the sums called for in the
vouchers.
The thirteenth, fourteenth ami fifteenth
counts iclat'-il to vouchers made oui for
the salary of Miss Nellie O'Brien, a clerk
In VVelburn's office. These vouchers were
written for $102 per month, and it was
alleged that Welburn paid her only $.">i»
per month. During the month of Febru
ary, 1595, Miss O'Brien did not work at
all, yet a voucher for $102 was cashed.
The seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth
and twentieth counts related to forged
vouchers in the name of Clyde Welburn,
the son of the defendant. The twenty
first, twenty-second and twenty-third
counts related to forged vouchers In th^
name of Miss Mary McCarthy, a clerk
who died on December 1, 1895. A voucher
for her services for thai month -was also
cashed.
Miss M. K. Council's iiamf appeared in
counts twenty-four and twenty-five as
; having drawn $61 SO per month, when in
fact, according to the prosecution, she
had not drawn a dollar. The remaining
counts dealt with false vouchers in the
name of Clerk VV. E. Zoller. On one oc
casion $150 i>.'. was drawn and onlj S -
I paid to Zoller. At another time $14550 was
I drawn and $98 59 paid to him. The alle
gation was also made that vouchers had
been drawn for traveling expenses al
leged tn have been incurred by Zoller,
! when in fact /.oii.T had not been oui of
I the office at all.
United States Marshal Shine. Deputy
Marshal Moffitt and chief Office Deputy
Parish testified as to the arrest and Iden
tification of Welburn. Louis Loupe, chief
Deputy Collector under Welburn, was
called t" Identify certain accounts of the
office, after which the trial was ... ■
until Monday morning.
The wife and daughter of the defendant
wi re in court durit.n the afternoon.
MILKERS' UNION APPEAL.
The Labor Council Takes Cognizance
of Convict-Made Stoves.
The Labor Council at its meeting last
night officially declared ;i boycott on the
Sun Pedro ami X L Dairy, and in connec
tion with this the following appeal re
ceived tin 3 Indorsement of the council:
I The Milkers' Union ol California appeals to
you t'i assist it In removing the many abuses
under which thf milkers in this Stat.- suffer.
The hours of labor in many ol tli>- .l,iiri"s for ■
years have been from twelve to eighteen )••■)•
day, wages have been email, food with but lew
ngufflcieni and poor, and sleeping
.1 commodations such that decency and the
I common laws of health were violated.
Driven to desperation and seeing th;it work
»rs in other trades <>r«nniz»'i and thereby suc
ceeded in bettering their conditions, thf> inilk
i ers, ton, a few months ago formed h union, and
• H^istffl by the Sun Francis. -n Labor Council,
. with which body it Is now afflll!it»*d.
Already the result has been beneficial. !n
mosl of th" dairies wages have been bettered,
food Improved and decent sleeping quarters
provided.
A few dairymen, hwver. 'nrinK nothing
fnr tli»ir men's rights to decent treatment iin.l i
fair wages, are stubbornly fighting the union.
in their opinion a milker is not entitled to ;<n\
of these things. The only thing that count*
with them is how to make us much mone' as
possible "'it r.f the toll and sweat of their
I fellow-men.
< inn of these unfair concerns is th° San Pedro
1 nii'l X L I 'airy. All efforts to senure living con
ditions in thai dairy have fail«.l The union i
milkers there employed were summarllj dls
charged ami rpjilm-pii by cheap labor.
Now the milkers' union asks all fair minded
men and women to assist the milkers by refua
in* to buy the milk of the San Pedro and X I,
Dairy When men work like slaves nnd live ,
like slaves they are subjerf to many diseases; i
protect yourselves and at the same time assist
the milker!" by purchasing milk from union
dairies only. Respectfully,
THE MILKERS' ONION OF CALIFORNIA. |
James F. McAnllfCe, recording secretary I
of Iron Holders' Union No. Ifi4, addressed
the council at considerable length on the
question of eonvlct-made stoves which
have been pent t<"i this city from the
Oregon prison foundry.
In his explanation he stated that all
reputable foundries placed their trade
mark on the stoves made at their places,
whereas those made by convict labor had
no mark which designated the place of
manufacturing. He suggested that the
hill now pending before Congress, which
is intended to limit the sale of all prison
made goods to the State In which they
are made, should be supported by the
labor councils.
As a remedy against the sale of these |
convict-made stoves it was proposed to j
have committees appointed which would
wait on the smaller dealers and discour
age the sale of the objectionable article.
In conclusion, it was recommended that ■
"as :» means of identifying this trash we
suggest that you should see that the
manufacturer's name or the firm name is
cast in the plate, and not on a small nam<' j
plate which is screwed to some part of !
the stove. But we rely mainly on the re
tail dealers for relief, because if they re- j
fuse to carry BUch wares the penp'e will |
not look for "them."
A committee, consisting of J. W. Spen
cer M. Monahan and A. X. Andre, was !
appointed to wait on the commltt... of
arrangements for the French celebration
on the 14th of July and get the printing
Of all matter appertaining to that even!
for unionized shops.
Town Talk.
There are Borne fn;e haTf-tones in
"Tnwn Talk" this week nf Arnold Grazer,
Margaret Anplin and others, and tn
story that was crowded out of last week"?
issue is given. "The Quick and the Dead."
Of the torrid zone of poetical word-paint-
Ing are Louis Robertson's verses. "The
Dead Calypso." Many original hits of
verse and Jokelets appear In the number,
interspers?d throughout the Sauriterer
pages. The latter are particularly spark
ling tbis week, giving the latest club and
society gossip, with comment on the jol
liffe-Momtt wedding, the appointment of
General Barnes. Belvedere vs. SaUsallto
and other timely topics. The worlds of
law, letters, music and dra.mn are com
prehensively treated, and the number as a
whole is remarkably readable. "Tnwn
Talk" is only 10 cents at all newsdealers."
Barber Battery Case.
J. Blast, a barber on Sixth street, ami
Li. Heidinßer. his assistant, appeared for
sentence before Judge Graham yesterday
on the charge of battery upon J. Badger,
a rivak barber, who was wrongfully ac
cused of making an insulting remark
about Blast's beautiful daughter Lena.
The Judge sentenced them to pay a line
of $50 each.
FUTILE SEARCH
FOR A FATHER
WHO IS MISSING
Mrs. C. B. Thomas
Seeks Her Husband.
FAMILY LEFT IN DISTRESS
ACCIDENT CAUSES AN UNFORTU
NATE SEPARATION.
Mother and Three Children Left Des
titute in This City by the Dis
appearance of the
Father.
Living at the Salvation Army headquar
ters on Broadway and Montgomery street
are a mother and three small children,
destitute and without immediate hope of
a betterment of their condition. The
mothei is Mrs. C. B. Thomas, who has
been in this city for a month, searching
for her husband from whom she has been
separated by a most unfortunate mistake.
Early in May Mr. Thomas left Los An
geles, where lie had failed to make a liv
ing. He came to'this city, hopeful that
a new field would preseni letter oppor
tunities to secure work to support him
self Jim! family. His plan was to have
his wife and children leave Los Angeles
on the steamer which arrived In this city
on May L'4th. Circumstances made it Im
possible for Mrs. Thomas to quit her old
home and embark for this city on that
vessel. She was delayed ten days, at the
end of which time she and h<-r children
sailed from Los Angeles hmunl for San
Fra ncisco.
There was no doubt in her mind that
when >].■■ arrived here, her husband would
be on hand to give her protection and
a home. Upon disembarking Mrs. 'l homas
sought for her spouse in vain. With. h. r
children, ranging from :: to 11 years of
age .md burdened with luggage,, she
searched the wharves for many blocks
but no husband appeared. Mrs' Thomas
finally took lodging at the Golden Ragle
Hotel, but her purse was of the lightest
am! she was soon forced to ,-i-k for out
side assistance. The cast- was reported
to Chief of Police Lees, but no si^-ns of
the missing husband have a/, ye! heen
disovered.
lie wife is stronK in her belief that
; Thomas must have accepted a position
out of tow,,, thinking that she and her
children were still in I. oh Angeles. The
<;:><■ has been reported to the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children. This organization, with' the
Woman's Shelter, have secured a tempo
rary home for the mother and children.
Mrs. Thomas is a comparatively young
■.\ • man, of comely a~nearance and of
marked refinement. She is now peeking
employment and a home for her offspring,
, awaiting the appearance of their father.
In the Divorce Court.
A. R. Patterson was granted a divorce
from Wilhelmina Patterson yesterday mi
the ground of extreme cruelty. Decrees
of divorce have also been granted Gui
seppe Beccuti from Teresa Beccuti, on the
ground of desertion; Priscilla Campbell
from John Campbell, on the ground of
desertion; Thomas Ross from Clotilde
Ross, on the ground of willful desertion,
and Nellie r. Newbern from Samuel C.
Newbern, on the ground of desertion. An
order ha? heen mad< directing C. Lages
to pay Meta C. Lages alimony in the sum
of 540 a month. Mrs. Annie .1. Meuss
dorffer was granted a divorce from Harry
C. Meussdorffer on the ground of willful
neglect. Suits for divorce have been tiled
by Elsie Hummer against Wilson j.
Hummer for desertion, and Sibyl I. Rlnm«
against Jacob Blume for cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! S A Wonderful Medicine. /
I OEEGHAM'S }
$** PILLS \
S For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as C
C Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Headache, /
J Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after meals, S
r Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flush- C
J ini»s of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of c
( Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the Skin, Dis- r
1 turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous y
/ «nd Trembling Sensations, etc. These ailments (
\ all arise from a disordered or abused condition /
v of the stomach and liver. v
€ Beecham's Pills will quickly restore Females /
f to complete health. They promptly remove any S
j obstruction or irregularity of the system. Fora C
V Weak Stomach, Impaired Digestion, Sick }
/ Headache, Disordered Liver, etc., S
/ they act like magic— a few doses will work won- /
\ ders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthening the \
C Muscular System, restoring the long-lost Com- t
? bringing back the keen edge of Appetite, /
/ and arousing with the Rosebud of \
Health the whole physical energy C
of the human frame. For throwing ?
off fevers they are specially re- r
nowncdm These are "facts" admitted by y
thousands, in all classes of society, and one f
of the best guarantees to the Nervous and 1
Debilitated is that Beecham's Pills have the C
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the /
World. This has been achieved \
i Without the publication of testimonials. C
Beecham's Pills have for many years been f
the popular family medicine wherever the >
English language is spoken, and they now stand /
without a rival. V
10 cents and 25 cents, at all drug stores. v
lllnlTni^MiWitirtftmiiftiVnftnr
PURITY "«• y»^
HEALTH Woodbury's kpM
BEAUTY Facial Cream %^r
Naturally follow.? the use of, WCX)DBURTS
Facial Soap and WOODBURT B racial Cream
Being strictly antiseptic, their cleansing and
purifying effect is uneqtialed. For sale every-
where.
CONCERTS AND RESOIvTS.
Rattle ORBAT REALISTIC
JL* CJI V I. a GRRAT REALISTIC
„ WAR PANORAMA!
Ol Prof. w ° ROLLINS,
the eminent orator.
mm -r^ *«. •■ lectures half hourly.
XTioflilCa Market St., nr. Eighth.
' AdmißSlon. £oc.
Bay! Children, **
A^JP QLvM y w n^T^fflPf^rT?TiTT!*StßT'llß3CHP
23D ANNUAL PICNIC
Fishermen's Mutual Association.
I. BARDELLINI. Pres. A. SES3AREGO. Sec.
At HARBOR VIEW PARK, Presidio,
SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899.
ADMISSION, He.
SITRO * BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including Admission, 25c; Children,' 20c. ,
Gloves, Ribbons,
Suits and Skirts.
Our counters and show windows contain
to-day a fine display of the above-named goods,
to which we invite special attention, as follows :
LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH LAMB SKIN GLOVES, all
colors and black; extra value at 7Oc PER PAIR.
LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH LAMB SKIN GLOVES, all
colors and black; extra value at $1 OO PER PAIR.
N. ALL GLOVES GUARANTEED AND FITTED.
/\t :25 Cents.
DOUBLE-FACED. CORD-EDGE RIBBONS, all silk, 4
inches wide, extra heavy quality; value 45 cents per
yard; placed on special sale at i£sc per yard.
Ladies' Tailor-made Suits and
Underskirts,
85 HANDSOMELY LINED TAILOR-IW--DE SUITS, of
new and seasonable material, with fly-front Jackets
and neatly bound skirts, at Sj?4 00 each.
150 LADIES' FANCY METALLIC UNDERSKIRTS (spe-
cial lot), with Spanish flounce and double ruffle; value
$2 00; will be sold at $1 2,"» each.
V NOTE— thank our patrons and the public for the
more than generous patronage extended to our NEW DE-
PARTMENT for the sale of BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S
CLOTHING.
[f[f Murphy Building; m
Market and Jones Stats.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Frledlander.::...... Manager
THE LAST TWO. PERFORMANCES.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15,
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.-
The TURTLE
THE NOTED CAST:
l=ahelle Evesson Ada leaves. Marlon Ballou.
?ane Reffff rth.MsabeUe Bowman, Slgnor Pjru-
K?ni George Holland. Hudson Listen, Llric
Collins. Louis Imhaus
200 Booming Nights In Ne^ \ ork -
All Paris and Berlin Flocked to See It.
The piquancy and dash of the Cortedle Fran
calm and Palais Royale Interpreted by skilled
American artists who possess the true French
fm F^r r vod Seats 2r.c. BOc. TSc and $1.
June 29. 30 and July 1 -"THE BROWNIES."
Coming-"A MIDNIGHT BELL."
CALIFORNIA THEATER-SPECIAL.
Week Commencing SUNDAY, June 18th.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. OTTO KAWAKAMI
AND
MADAME YACCO,
Supported by Twenty-five Rising Japanese Ac-
tors and Actresses.
REPERTOIRE OF SKETCHES:
SAYAATE (The Duel), DOJOJI (The "Vmple
of Dojojl). krSINoKI (The Battle of Minato
I River and Kusunoki's Farewell to His Son),
! MIHO-NO-MATSUBARA (Dewey Day Cele-
bration on the Pine Fringed Shores of Mlho).
Reserved Seats— Orchestra, $1 50 and $1: Bal-
cony 500 to $1; Gallery. 2oc. Boxes, »10.
Seats Now On Sale at the Box Office.
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
The LamMi Grand Italian Opera Company
PRAISED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2. .
"RIGOLETTO."
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15,
"AMD A."
SPECIAL! SUNDAY NIGHT!
By Request.
"IL TROVATORE."
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK WILL
BE ANNOUNCED TO-MORROW.
Reserved Seats. 28c, 50c, 75c, $1 and J1 50.
I Box Seats, $1 and $1 50.
Seats on sale at the Alhambra and at Sher-
man. Clay 4 Co.'s Music Store
* T /~1 \ nr A T~\ EEATB BY PHONE
ALCAZAR Main 254.
JUST TWO MORE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY).
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by FLORENCE ROBERTS
Presenting the Charming Play
THE MASTER
OF CEREMONIES.
C^Tk. RICHELIEU.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
EVERY EVENING.
EL CAPITAN
OUR NEW PRICES.
Entire Orchestra (Reserved) 35c and 50e
Entire Dress Circle (Reserved) 2~»o
Entire Family Circle (Reserved) ir><*
Gallery lOe
THIS AFTERNOON (BUNKER HILL DAY),
MATINEE AT 2:15.
Best Reserved Seat in the. House !i."»c
Family Circle (Reserved) JCSc
Gallery 1 0c
Branch box office Just inside main entrance
Emporium.
Next Week— "THE CHIMES OF NOR-
MANDY."
GLEN PARK.
lJtllO DUJXIJiiI, free THEATER
DU BELL,
IN H GHEST AERIAL ACT
• ■• And
H LONGEST WIRE WALK
E EVER ATTEMPTED.
AMATEUR DAY.
BLOOMER MINSTRELS,
FREE CIRCUS.
ADMISSION TO PARK 10c
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
MATINEE TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
Every Evening Except Sunday.
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
MR, HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY
In Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy
"THE LIARS."
■■™l ? now selling for second and last week of
THE LIARS."
JUNE 26th-
THE ADVENIUHE OF THE LADY URSULA
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). JUNE 17
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, IOc: Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
TACIANU
The World Famous Female Impersonator
HANLEY AND JARVIS,
Comedians and Eccentric Dancers
WARTENBERG BROS., Musical Acrobats.
FRED NIRLO, Monologlst.
McAVOY AND MAY. Comedians.
Last week of JOHNSTONE BENNETT an.
fisted by ANTON! WILLIAMS, in " A Q * IET
EVENING AT HOME/ 5 W UKT
HENRI FRENCH HOUDINI. the Mysterious.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MATINEE TO DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
Lecocq's Brightest Opera,
LA FILLE
DE MADAME
ANGOT !
With GRACIE PLAISTED as CLAIRETTE.
UNEQUALED CAST! MAGNIFICENT AC-
CESSORIES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK
Next OFFENBACH'S 'BRIGANDB."
Look Out for DENIS O'SULLIVAN IN
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN'.'
PRICES «25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
,hir» 17 and T.
GREAT COURSING EVENTS
PUPPY, RESERVE AND LADIES' DAT
CHAMPION STAKES.
THE CRACKS WILL PERFORM.
$1500 TOTAL PRIZE MONEY $1500.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townaend streets. Satur-
day. 12:". p. m.: Sunday. 10,15 a. m.. 11 a. m.,
12 m. and 1 p. m. : Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning from
park immediately after last course. Extra train
from park on Sunday at 4:4."> p. m. San Mateo
electric car? every ten minutes.
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
BASEBALL !
San Francisco
■■■■■VS
Oakland!
TO-DAY AT I P. M. . . / ■.'.-■ VVT'.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS.
Ladies Admitted Free to the Grand Stand.
000000000000000000
»w FA LACE *■'■"?
%GRAND HOTELS %
!: SAN FRANCISCO. ZI
° Connected by a covered pasea*ew*.7. **
© 1400 Rooms— 9oo ». h 3a th Attached. O
O AH Under One ltdnnremont. Q
O ■ HOTE TES PRICES: O
0 EuropeanPlan.Bl.oo per (ley and upward (>
n, American Pi»n.s3.«O per day And upward _
D Correspondence Solicited. Vl
O JOHN 0. KIRSCPATRICK. Kici;ir. O
I 0.Q.0 OQOO OQ OOOQOOQQQ
78
• PORX/MEN^
LEASHMEN
ARE AWAITING THE
CHAMPION STAKE
Ooe of the Classic Events of the
Year in Coursing to Be De
cided To-Morrow.
The ladies 1 day champion stake will be
the tidbit of the programme at Union
Coursing Park to-morrow. The stake
was limited to eight entries, and the pick
of th<» dips in training will be sent to the
f=lir*-
Onr.emara. J. Dean's b| black do?, is
pronounced in excellent condition, and his
owner experts to carry off the first nrlsse
PROMISING, CANDIDATES FOR CHAMPIONSHIP HONORS WITH THE SGULLS
nsid
ered likely winners. Sylvanus has always
well in the early ro'iT"!s of
• ■very stjj.ko in which he hi
i in -.i> it will require but
'hr irsi s •■ determii .':ner,
whicl • Sylvanus, al
though equally to all
In figurii -. - ■
thoritlca t< il of Me d . ixor some
g him three l< ig
■ ■
ire. War- '
ship may repeat • • ■• . • : form
ance ■<• last week a id again surprise the
the d< rby, for pup
' and For Glory
win • ■ ■ - . turday, as this
hem tog er S mday morning.
- ■ ■ - •!. re are twenty
won
■ :,k.'s.
midweek cours
■ ■ ••: • : u.-.-.l the mai
merit of I'nion Corrslng Parh that
ngs should be continued. It has
leclded to hold one every two weeks.
» be given dogs that have
op< n
■ - next week
irse wili have, their entry'
irned.
Prank Moran has sold Snapshot and
-■ t to <.'hilla & ( faffney.
TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIPS.
The tennis men are '■>:■. preparing t"..r
• men's singles
ament, which will take place on the
urta dm inn th- first f. w
days of July. The t v. ar w ni
ounger ele
■ ■ the first ■ hai
■
The • f ;; .< ,' , r i, V „, . 
i" 1 -. Jul> 1 • ■■ •■ w.. There will „,'■ a
~ ■ iment to be ■ m
■ -. A coii
lurnament ol doubles for
ited I;, th- singles championship »>li
t■• played on Tuesda\ morning suitable
prizes being offered the winners
The wind-up '>f til- tournament sin*;.--s
championship will be decided Mondaj af
ternoon, iin Tuesdaj afternoon thr
Knurtii of July, the winner of th- all
comers wll ; - ■ .. pr.-^
--i ;it champion, di ■•-. ld< it ter do« a not
change his present determination to en
ter the lists and defend the champl msbip
The Interclub rivalry thi* year is more
pronounced th--m it has boen for Borne
time. The old players, although they still
take an active pan In the Kami- ar.
chary of entering tournaments. The Cal
ifornia «'lv!. of this city will be repre
sented by a number of young experts
v. hose tournamenl experience h;i>- been
confined to local competitions with one or
two championship events at th< outside
The Whltne> brotlu r i hi\ ■• ■■■
to enter. But this determination on their
part may give way to the pleadings of
their brothers on the court. Should the
Whitneys play* in the tournament the
Hardys will also battle for honors. ':', c
tournament will then resolve Itself Into a
struggle between the Oakland and Cali
fornia Tennis clubs. Alameda will have
a lan.'*' representation this year. Such
men as Stone, Hunt, Landsberger, Mur
dock and Jones will wear the colors Of
the younger element of the California
Club the strongest representatives are
Harry vVeihe, Drummond McGavin
Smith, Cornell and Hamilton. Dr. c F J .
Root and Merle Johnson will be among
the California entries of second-class
I 'layers.
AQUATICS AT SUTRO'S.
The swimmers and divers will disport
themselves as usual at Sutro Baths to
morrow. An extended programme of
sport hus been prepared. Th<- entries for
the various events follow:
60-yard dart. novice— H. Young, R.
Marston, C. Kin*?. B. Maraton, <> I.own
thai. W. King. 100-yard dash, luvealle—
M. Gardiner. F. Baker. < '. Royal. W. Wa
ters. T. Guerin. .J. Kelly, R. Cooke. 100
--yard dash, amateurs— C. Donovan, H.
Mish. E. Bonifield. C. Jones, P. Mattnor.
H. Irving', H. Hirshfleld. 100-yard race in
tubs— W. Yarrow. 'J. Cane, O. Ehrman
M. Gardiner. B. Berry. S. Schwa rts. H.
Stelljes, E. Beyer, C. Augustus, W. Phil
llpps. High diving for boys— H. Derham,
J. Laird. R. Cooke. H. Lelcken, W. Hoff
man. W. Hirshfleld, J. Waters. Trick and
fancy springboard diving— M. Dibert, C.
Btrohlln. J. Gladstone, G. Walcott, A.
Bwnjatori, C. Bacigalupl. ,
SPORTS
UNIVERSITY MEN
WILL TAKE PART
IN THE REGATTA
Have CororrjCQced Practice for
the Forthcoming Meeting
in El Carrjpo Waters.
A; the last regular monthly meeting of
the board of managers of Pacific Asso
elation. Amateur Athletic Union, two
amendments to the constitution were pre
sented for consideration. The first of
these was that the hoard of manager 8
should consist of three delegates from
each club in the association and the sec
ond that no member of the board should
be permitted to bid for or to be in any
way pecuniarily interested In The medals
or other trophies given as prizes by thy
association. Both amendments were re
jected. It is, however, proposed to con
sult with the board of directors of the
Amateur Athletic Union and recommend
them to permit the board of the Pacific
Association to consist of three represent
atlyes from each affiliated club. Meetings
would then be better attended, and th?
work connected with regattas and other
e%'ents would be shared among a larger
number than at present.
The University of California will send
a crew into competition at the El Campo
rojmtta on the 25th inst. The crew is
made ;n> as follows: .1. Hopper, bow;
Arthur Smith, No. 2; Ray Fryer, No. 3,
and i". B. Waggerhauser, stroke. The
crew has been out two or three times on
the creek with S. .1. Pembroke as coach,
and is taking hold of the work in clever
style. To-morrow they will try the Pio
neer barge. In which it will practice
daily during next week, using the Pioneer
boathouse a= headquarters.
The Alarm-da senior barge crew has
been out a few times for practice, but
seems so far to have taken things easily.
It is made up of J. I.,ewis, bow; \V. Hun-
Ben, No. 2; A. Webb. No. 3. and F. Avers,
Stroke. The Alameda Club may enter a
junior barge crew as well.
At ;!:•■ meeting of the Dolphin Club held
hist Wednesday evening the following of
lict-rs were elected for the ensuing half
year: President, F. \V. Woernner; vie*
president. E. 11. Coney; treasurer, Adam
Schuppert; financial secretary, F. C.
Stalb; recording secretary, A. Shiels;
sergeant at arms, Lester Hammersmith;
captain. T. J. Sullivan; lieutenant '-:!p
--tain, George Baker; members of the board
of trustees -Victor Caglieri, C. T. Roach
and W. Bush.
The Dolphin intermediate barge crew
has been out several times for practice
lately, and next week will go out daily
in the morning. The junior barge crew
will be composed of C. M. Karrell. Prank
McElrath. \V. Bush and J. Karrell. Les
ter Hammersmith will row in the junior
o\itrlgs<'d skiff.
William Thomas, captain of the South
Ends, who recently met with a painful
and dangerous accident, Is out again but
on crutches. The crews for the El Campo
regatta will be selected to-morrow anil
will go out daily next week. Dr. C. C.
Dennis, J. Lyons and M. .1. Breen are
practicing regularly in outrigged skiffs
Th. former will pull In the senior event
and the two latter in the junior. The
South Ends will probably hold a club re
gatta on the first Sunday in July. The
new barge will be ready "on July 1 The
junior barge crew of the Olympic Club
and the barge crew of the Humboidt
Evening High School will train at the
South End boathouse. the latter under
the supervision of Kd Scully.
The Citizens' Fourth of July Celebration
committee has increased the appropria
tion for a regatta, and rowing races v ill
be given on Independence day along the
water front. The amount appropriated
will i,,. turned over to the regatta com
mittee of the Pacific Association.
GUNMEN FACE THE TRAPS
The members of the California Wing
Shooting Club will meet at Ingleside to
morrow and will shoot at live birds.
Over ai Alameda Point the Lincoln Gun
<"lub members will pepper bluerocks. in
conjunction with the ciu!> shoot there will
be a twelve-man team match for the Xeu-
Btadter trophy.
J. L. Ricker, a rifle and shotgun export
of Denver. Is In the city. He is an at
tache of the magazine Outdoor Life to
which he will contribute while on this
const.
Sunday's Handball Entries.
Entries for Sunday's handball games at
Phil Ryan's court, SSS Howard street, arc
as follows:
B. Clements and W. Ilassell vs. A. Col
lins and T. Clements.
E. Barry and D. Regan vs. T. Foley and
J. Klrby.
J. White and E. Curley vs. J. Collins and
M. Magrutre.
P. Ryan and M. Basch vs. G. Dall and
R. Housman. -S V- :
W. H. Sleberst and TV. H. Kedian vs.
D. J. Sheehnn and E. Lynch.
D. Rodgers and M. McNeil vs. G. Mc-
Donald and M. McDonald.
M. J. Kllgrallon and R. Hfiehan vs. A.
Hampton J. Riordou, .^_^
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JUNE 17, 1899.
FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE CALL BY WILLIAM S. SPARKS.
SOME FAST BALL
FOR TO-DAY
Oakland and San Francisco to
Play on the Newly Con
structed Diamond.
The cranks who attend th< games at
Recreation Park thia week will mi«s the
clouds of dust that have made th" games
so disagreeable In the past, for the im
provements to the diamond have hoen
completed and there j s no longer any dan
ger of the Infield flying up and hittlns one
in the eye.
San Jo^e will try Kelly, its new sou'.'n
side twirler. in one of the games against
ATOS SA AND FILLY FOAL BY ORMONDE.
A youngster of Aristocratic Lineage.
IyiSPORTING about the broad acres of Sprecke/s' stock farm. Napa. is a two and a
y half month old foal which, if judged by its breeding and conformation, must develop
into a great race mare. This aristocratic youngster is by the unbeaten Ormonde,
out of Atossa, an Australian mare by Dun/op. A. B. Sprecke/s, owner of the mare, is
being congratulated on his good fortune, more especially as Ormonde is not so prolific a
sire as the many friends of W, 08. Macdonough would wish.
Ormonde was never defeated. As a two-year-old he started three times. He
started ten times as a three-year-old, winning the 2000 guineas, the Derby and the St.
Leger. In his four-year-old form he started three times, winning the Hardwick stake,
the Rous Memorial and the Imperial Cup. defeating such celebrities as Minting, Paradox,
Melton and Bendigo. While owned by the Duke of Westminster Ormonde sired Orme, sire
of Flying Fox, which won the English Derby of 1899. He also sired Llanthony. Orville,
Sorcerer. Orantes II and Goldfinch, sire of Lord Rosebery's peerless mare Che! and ry.
Goldfinch is owned by J. B. Haggin. master of Rancho del Paso. Sacramento. Ga/tee
More, winner of the Derby in 1898, is by Kendal. brother in blood to Ormonde. A writer
recently said of Ormonde's pedigree: "He is by a Derby winner from a mare by a Derby
w inner.' ■ Atossa. Mr. Spreckels' mare, is by Dun/op, winner of the Melbourne Cap. two
miles, in 3:28 1-2. She is out of Catherine Wheel, half sister to Suwarrow, winner of
five of the greatest races decided in Australia,
' Watsonville this week. Kelly is from
Santa ciara College and has wonderful
( speed and r, 1 con) rol.
Hank Harris thinks his men are not
aggr.-ssive enough and has issued ordi rg
i for them to go for everything in sigiit.
Let us hope this order will not increase
their kicking propensities.
Oakland and San Francisco will n:<^?t
;.! Recreation Park at :•: o'clock this after
v. i in t)i<- tirst of a series of throe
Siinifs. The cripples in both teams have
recovered, and it will be the old story
>.:' science versus slugging. The last time
they met slugg'ng won. Ewing says it
; will t..- reversed this time. The line-up:
! San Francisco. Positions. Oakland
Swindells «'at. her Hammond
Fitrpatrick Pitcher Moskiman
Sullivan First Lane lohnnon
O'Nell Second base Phoips
Rlley Third i,a»e Lange
KruK Short sr.,p Sohniecr
Muller Left tviil Dunlevy
!'> ne >nt< r field Donovan
Hlldeibrandt Right Held Hardie
YACHTS ASTIR
ON BAY WATERS
San Francisco and Corinthian
Club Fleets Will Visit Cali
fornias To-Day.
Though his; Sunday was an open date
; on the Corinthian programme, nearly the
i whole fleet was out. Corinthian Cove,
i Paradise Cove and MoNVar's landing be
: ing the favorite spots for going ashore.
Commodore T. L. Hill cruised In the upper
bay, and the large schooners Lurllne, Ag
gie and Chlspa, the cutter Folly, and the
sloop Catherine, wore also under way.
Several of the California yachts accom
panied Commodore Allen M. day's Pac
tolus. among them being the sloops Occi
dent. Embla, Surf and V. & I. There was
a strong breeze in the channel and off
Marln Islands, but off El Campo the wind
fell so light that several of the yachts
found difficulty in making- their moorings.
The Oakland Canoe Club's open race
last Sunday on San Antonio estuary re
sult.-d In a victory for Commodore P.
Caduc's sloop Zephyr over the sloop
Flash, the half-rater Opitsah, and the
canoes Viteepe, Codia and Brownie. C.
Stewart and T. S. Bowel's' sloop Beatrice
did not enter the race, as she is being fit
ted with heavier standing rigging
In response to Invitations from Commo
dore Allen M. Clay of the California
facht club, the Corinthian and San
Francisco fleets will cruise over to Oak
land Creek to-day. Commodore Carl Wes
terfeld's Aeolus will in- accompanied by
about a dozen Corinthian yachts. The
San Pranciscos have abandoned the
cruise to McNertr's Landing, which was
set down on the programme for to-day
and will get under way at 3:30 p. m. from
isausalito. Supper will be served in the
California Yacht Club house at 6 p. m.,
B ml in the evening an impromptu enter
tainment will be given. To-morrow morn
inp colors will be given from the sloop
Pactolus. flagship of the California Yacht
Club, at X o'clock, ami thereafter the com
bined fleets will follow Commodore Clay's
signals. The tide floods all this afternoon
and to-morrow morning an ebb-tide
serves conveniently.
Next Saturday, the 24th inst., is the day
scheduled for yachts of the California anil
Knclnal ch:<>s to start on their annual
cruise up the Sacramento River. Com
modore ,f. S. Hanley of the Enclnal Yacht
Club Btarted a day or two ago on an up
river trip in the schooner Frances: he ex
pects to bf absent two weeks. The South
Bay yachtsmen cruise to Redwood City
to-day and return to-morrow.
The curtain fell on the last act of the
Pacific Yacht Club drama last Monday
when the home and otuer effects of the
club were sold at San Rafael at public
auction. The property was sold under a
decree of foreclosure obtained by the Cali
fornia Savings and Loan Society and was
bought by A. B. Spreckels for Jl". 025
Dr. F. P. Buckley and .Tames Kitter
man's new schooner Outing went or her
first cruise last Sunday, being propelled
by her gasoline motor, as her sails are
not yet bent on.
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
The victorious California Cricket Club
team will meet the Pacific eleven to
morrow on the ground at Webster street,
Alameda. for the second time this season.'
On the last occasion the Californlas beat
the Pacifies by 9 runs on the first inning*
and on going in for the second time with
30 runs to make to win, secured them for
a loss of 3 wickets, thus winning the
match by 6 wickets, as the team was one
man short. To-morrow the California*
will probably be without the services of
H. H. Cookson, but will still have "fair
bowling strength. The team will be se
lected from the following: F. M Gunn
H. Coles. A. D. Reynolds. A. Dickens™'
E. G. Sloman. \V. Reeves. L. Schroeder
J. D. Robertson. J. C. Farrall, A Willis
E^H. Hammond, W. R. Williams and -—
The Pacific eleven will be as follows-
George Theobald captain; J. J. Theobald'
C. Slmmonds J. Myers L. 1 H. Sandilands'.
w <? £' ane £? w £ ll o J - H; Harbour
W Wi?ding° rdOn ' W> G ' Selwood and A
LOCH LEVEN
TROUT TO STOCK
MOUNTAIN LAKES
pour hundred Thousand pish to
Be Distributed by the pish
Commission.
The State Board ot Fish Commissioners
have commenced the distribution of Loch
Leven and German brown trout. F<m:
hundred thousand of the game fish will
be planted in Tahoe, Dormer. Inc'epon
dence and Webber lakes. The first ship
ment left Sisson Hatch<>ry last Wednes
day, consigned to Yosemite National
Park. The principal lakes within the
reservation will be stocked.
Experience has demonstrated that these
species of trout <lo much better in the
i lakes than in the streams, hence other va
j rietles will be used in the latter. The eggs
; from which those flsh were hatched were
! taken from the stock ponds at Slsson
Hatcherj". They are all in good condition
! ana excellent results arc expected.
Webber Lake was stocked with these
, varieties of trout some years share, and
j they have multiplied rapidly. Notii es
j were posted about the lake requesting
anglers to return all lish under one pound
in weight to the water As the lake is oft
the line of travel and frequented only by
genuine sportsmen, the request has been
respected. The notices have be< n re
moved this year as the tish is generally
well developed.
Alex Vogelsang, president of the Fish
Commission, is still in the Yosemite enjoy
ing the fishing and studying the condi
tions which the commissioners must meet.
Al dimming is spending his summer
vacation at Webber Lake, as has been his
custom for a number of years.
Advices received at the office of the
Fish Commission from E. W. Hunt, super
intendent of the Tv hoe Hatcherj ii
Tahoe, are to the effect that the fishing
i continues excellent.
Harry Babcock, E. J. McCutcheon,
j Charles Page. J. L. Xickel and Warren
Olney left on Thursday for the
I Williamson River, on the Klamath
i Reservation, Southern Oregon. The
; fishing is pronounced of the best
I quality by all the rod wlelders who
! have "fished in the Williamson.
Henry M. l^andsber^er. T. Kllard Bean
; and Mr. I. owe of San Jose have gone to
Webber Lake.
Dr. John Gallwey, the popular physician
I of this city. is enjoying royal sport .it
Santa Catalina Island. Col. K. A. Eddy
' Is also there, and is credited with having
caught the first black sea bass of r Tie
season.
The members of the San Francisco Fly
Casting Club /will meet at Stow Lake,
Golden Gate Park, this afternoon and to
| morrow morning
BIG BOXERS
TO MEET SOON
Winner of the Ruhlin-Kennedy
Bout May Be Matched Against
Tom Sharkey.
Much interest centers around the meet
ing of Gus Ruhlin and Joe Kennedy, the
heavy-weight boxers, in Woodward's Pa
vilion npxt Friday night. If the winner
makes a creditable showing he may be
matched against Tom Sharkey. The lat
ter is never happy unless he has a fight
in prospect and may take a chance with
the victor just to keep in practice.
Kennedy's chances in the coming battle
are greatly fancied by his friends in this
city. He is a clever two-handed fighter,
and his gameness has never been ques
tioned. He acted as Sharkey's sparring
partner whll*» the sailor was preparing
for his meeting with Jeffries. This neces
sitated his taking a lot of punishment,
which he did with good grace. Hi- i-;
clever with his lpft hand, and boxing au
thorities all agree such a man i-- the
hardest to defeat. With" tin's hand he is
always playing for the body or face, and
repeated visitations wear out his oppo
nent.
Tom Sharkey, together with Spider
Kelly and others, will give a boxir.g ex
hibition at Salinas to-:dght
Tim McGratn will match Spider Kelly
against Nick Long's lightweight, Jack
Bennett.
Jimmy Anthony and Willie Cole may
meet again, weighing IIS pounds at the
ringside.
"Cocker" Tweedie. the erratic Austra
lian, has not gone East. He is mat I
to box Rufe Turner at Stockton July 3.
Grocer Bitter Triumphs.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday Ig
nored the. charge against Carl E. Hitter
of having purchased Government blankets
from soldiers. Hitter is a grocer, with
his place of business near the Presidio
gates. He was arrested for having In his
possession a pair of blankets which ho
had obtained from two soldiers. His de
fense was that he had accepted the prop
erty as security for goods bought ox him
by. two soldiers,. .
IN CJ^N^I"
GOLF LINKS ARE
OPEN FOR PLAY
AT SAN RAFAEL
Splerjdid facilities Offered " hoot
Morjs" for Practice at the
Scotch Game.
The first nine holes of the full eighteen*
hole course of the San Rafael Golf Club
were thrown open to the members last
Saturday. More players were out on the
links both Saturday and Sunday than nn
miy previous days of the season. Amnrip
well-known members of the San Francisco
Golf Club who were at San Rafael may be
mentioned E. J. McCutcheon, S. L. Ab
bott Jr. and C. P. Eells. th*» first and last
of whom are also members of the San
Rafael club. The most important match
played was that between \V. W. Morrow
< and Captain Carter P. Pomeroy, am! was
won by the latter, who now stands third
!on the list. The new rules for club play
require all matches between the first ten
, players on the list to be eighteen-hoie
contests, and ties to be decided by a fur
-1 ther play of three holes. These rules are
,in accordance with the new regulations
m force in England.
Yesterday afternoon the open handicap
tournament of the Santa Catalina Island
: Golf Club began on the Avalon links, nine
holer; of the women's cumnetition being
played. The tournament will be con
tinued to-day, the women's ei^hteen-hole
, competition being finished and the thirty
six hole open handicap competition for
nieii being played out as far "as possible.
The Catalina Island course is exceedingly
I picturesque and involves some peculiar
1 difficulties in the form of steep rocks an<i
[ a thick growth of cactus. The difficulties
of the course are modified for the women
playt vs. It was expected that the men's
competition would attract at least forty
entries, including Stanley Bates, the pres-
I ent champion of the Catalina Tsland club;
M. E. Flowers of Riverside, who won th«i
Santa Monica club handicap on June 10;
M. G. Burmester of Bnkersfield, and al
most all the host players of the Lros An
geles Country Club. Harry Grindley. the
greenkeeper and instructor at the Coun
try Club links, will act as starter ar.il
refpree.
The club tournament of the Santa
Monica Golf Club was held last Saturday,
under a cloudy sky and with a pleasant
ocean breeze. Mrs. G. L. Waring, scratch,
made a score of r>2 in the ladies' handicap;
Mrs T. IT. Dudley's score was 67. less 10—
57: Mrs. G. T. Wiley Wells'. 79, less ;."— «4:
Miss Smiths. f>7. less 12— 55: and M:s«
Beatty's, 7". less 1&-55. The foregoing
scores were for nine holes. In the men s
handicap, eighteen holes, the scores were
as follows: M. E. Flowers. 92, i^ss S— B4;
M. <i. Burmester, 95, 'ess 8- 87: Lee Cham,
bers KM. less HV-94: D. D. Acker Wo, less
10—95; t 11. Dudley. 124. less 18—106; ana
Roy Jones, 141. less 20—121.
WHEELMEN ON THE ROAD.
The event of to-morrow in cycling will
be the five-mile handicap road race of the
California Cycling Club, to be held at 3
p. m over the course from San Mateo to
San Carlos. The record for this course
and distance is 12:03, and some of th«
riders in to-morrows event confidently
expect to come tinder it. Captain Coulter
has arranged to take down a large run of
club members to witness the event.
The entries and handicaps are as fol
lows- William Juedt, 1:30; Fred Bent, 1:30;
Richard Welsh, 1:30: W. H. Reid, 1:15;
Jo^oh Holle. 1:15. A. Hougaard. 1:00; J.
Serr?" 1:00 XL A. Griffith, 1:00; A. Al
-'.',..; 1:00; A. McAdam. :45; William
Puel : 45- Ed Egeberg, :43; A. Carl. :43;
Jacob Hollo. :30; T. Buttbengach. :3a; M.
Kielberg. :30: XV. Sansster. :30; F. Moller,
G Sey fried and H. A. Coulter, scratch.
Captain Bpillane, the younger, has ar
ranged a "blind run" for the members of
Olympic Wheelmen to-morrow. All the
members know is that they are to take
the 8 o'clock Sausalito boat, buy a ticket
to Ross station, and that from there on
they will have a pleasant ride of eleven
miles "over good roads and new scenery."
It is to be presumed they will enjoy riding
over the scenery.
The Bay City Wheelmen, under Captain
A. .1. Menne. will ride to Woodslde, in San
Mateo County, to-morrow, leaving the
clubhouse at 8 a. m. This is a splendid
trip, just far enough to be enjoyable with
out being tiresome, and a big crowd will
: doubtless take the ride.
Was Made a Citizen.
Sophie Charles, a native of Germany,
aged 2:; years, appeared In the Supreme
• 'iMirt yesterday and took the examina
tion for citizenship. He passed the ordeal
successfully and was admitted. The dep-
Uties in the County Clerk's office took
great pains in decorating her papers with.
ribbons of various hues, the red. white
and blue nredominating, and she was very
proud when she finally left the building,
entitled to vote if Susan B. Anthony suc
ceeds in accomplishing her one object In
life.
Inventor Edison explains how ha
hit upon the idea of the electric light
in next Sunday's CallGOFF DEFEATS
FRANEY IN THE
NINTH ROUND
Too Tall and Strong
for His Opponent.
— ♦ —
FAST BOXING THROUGHOUT
POLICE STOP THE REAY-ROWAN
BOUT IN THE NINTH.
Charged With Fouling
Rows: With His Elbow — Reay
G«ts the Decision on
Points.
ited Jim Franey In the
• In the ar
■ night.
' • • mi ment fron
ded th< openli .
■ ■'■■' picked :
I him
■ from which he
it a minut<
T ' ■_■-■
ever si ppi d
g. was unfori
• - ; ■-
- - - .:t hand .-v
.
had the j
ranej
■ -
:
f his turning' I
■
- knock<
M
entitli
. hi.s
-
■
-
H;r..m B. v, -rio k.
■■ N i
- than both m-n
k i ; fT dis-
played' a remarkably quick right with j
which he trieu repeatedly. AM this time
V'raney was eoually busy with hi? right.
which generally fell Lori He followed
his man nil over the ring. * boring in .so
close that Goff could not hit him effee
i lively, his vicious blows usually landing
on the back of his neck and doing no
H< th men got down to hard work at
the op-nine of the second round. Franey
was still on the aggressive. He sent the
weight of his body with each blow, giving |
It added force and ducked Goff's danger;
nil? right swings. At the end of the
round the men were exchanging loft? and j
I rights; making no pretense of guarding, j
I "ran. y was still aggressive and strong. |
catching Goff one right upj-orcut that :
shook Him up. <ioff hit in the ensuing
clinch and »vas jeered by the spectators;
their Ryrrputhles being with the smaller
man throughout. The referee warned
< ;. iff. Th«- latter caught Kraney a left
on the face and then on the body, but
.nNsed his mark many times. In the noxt J
round it did not seem possible the fight i
?uuld last much i'T.ger. Franey just !
tni-^.-d a rieht and l.'ft .-wing, either of I
which w<>ul/i have put a stop to proceed
ings if it had hit the mark. Goff was!
not swinging his right so much at this
gtagei
In the fifth round the men stood up and
<!ni:g«l one another. i>«»t h taking severe
Bimlshtnent! The mi-n slowed down a trifle { :
ft ili.- sixth n und. although there was a
:ontiniiiil exchange of blows without
,; ■:• h damage. Franey v.a? in trouble.
it the b-11 saved him. Ooff'.s lead be
■!!:•• more api>aront in the eighth. Franey
:''.:ir exhausted his strength. Instead
ft trying to gain a brief respite he still j
r i.r l, u »Hy at work.
The *nd came easily in the ninth. Qoff j
Itf-d Franey with a right on the jaw. 1
;.;•■:, knocked him down on bis back. He j
was up again without taking the cus
■ mary^resU Hi. v defense was gone by
s time and Goff hit him at will. A
right on the jaw knocked him prone on
:h» floor^ writhing in pain. At the end of J
ten seconds Goff picked his donated an
toeonist up and carried him to his cor
ner. Moth .victor and vanquished were!
••• red n.- they It- ft the ring. •
If the National Club can give bouts like i
this regularly the confidence of the public |
ir: the jrume would soon be restored. j
.In. r.-iiy wag awarded the decision over I
'Immnr." Rowan, but it was not a popu
lai one. That the former deserved it is
undoubted, for he clearly outpointed his
nppor.eitt! but the sweets of victory were
I ittored by the hoot,s and howls of the i
spectators; who wore angry at Reay's
f. u:l use of his elbow. If the judgment of
nearly fonr-lifths of the spectators had
l>eeii taken into consideration Referee
Murphy would have n warded the light to
the. deaf and dumb tighter in the eighth
round; aa it was palpable that Reay was
ii-ing his elbow.
R'jwan may be afflicted with loss of
-p.'cch. but he has a magnificent
physique. Had he posses^r-d ability he
would have surely bested Reay; despite
tWe lnfter's cleverness. As It was. he
tried hard to win. but his awkwardness ;
and lack of punching power handicapped
I'uring the bout Rowan's affliction was
. M>!ir"b of merrimc-nt to the assemblage
Whenever the dumb fighter scored a
-MKht lead the gallery would urge him on
v.ith shouts of approval, but unfortu
-•itely Kowan could nit hear and ho went
i; in the even tenor of his way, landing
hen he could, clinching and getting I
■vnv from Reay'.s jolts. At the end of I
noli round the referee would have to
".-hew" the deaf and dumb man to his j
■ri'-r. or otherwise he might have been
•rhiing yet.
The fim five rounds were filled with |
rapid fighting. . Reay's superior science
pave hirr a decided advantage over Row
... and he landed at will, timing his .
|>lowe but they were riot hard enough to
ir.rl • Dummy." Rowan was full of pluck
;.i would undoubtedly have gone the I
irnit had. not Captain (Hllin ordered the j
« >\n stopped. In the last round Reay. by |
' ■ use of his elbow, opened up a cut over
Rowan's eye which he had received in i
TDinlng. and in a minute both were eov
?rfd with gore. The cries of protest from \
the crowd and the condition of Rowan's j
Moody countenance moved Captain Glllin
to stop the bout. As Reay had a lead up
» that point he was awarded the decision. j
GANG OF BOYS
TERRORIZES A
NEIGHBORHOOD
Glen Park and Sunny
side Excited.
HOUSES AND GARDENS RUINED
POLICE POWERLESS TO STOP
THEIR DEPREDATIONS.
Warrants Sworn Out for the Arrest
the Toug-hs on the Charge of
Vagrancy, as Their Iden
tity Is Known.
People who reside, In the neighborhood
of Glen Park and Bunnysidi have for the
past two or three months been terrorized
by a gang of twelve young hoodlums who
have done everything but commit high
way robbery. Policeman have been spe
cially tailed to catch them at their ma
licious work, but they were too careful
and kept out of the way. Their rendez
vous is at a barn and house close to the
new tunnfl being constructed near the
entrance to Glen Park. There they meet
at nights and formulate their plant for
destroying property or attacking some in
offenstve peddler or garden* in the
. oorhood. They have so mutilated
the barn and house that it will take over
?300 to make repairs.
A few days as • they made a combined
attack upon Jonn McCauley. who has -;t
flower garden near the park. They de
stroyed the flowers and when he Inter
fered they threw rocks at him and in his
Deration he ran into his house, pro
cured his shot gun and tired three snots
at ■•-:•- but his aim was bad and
they escaped. Peddlers with fruit are
afraid to drive in tin locality, 'i he gang
have been in the habit of helping them
selves to the fruit and after satisfying
their craving v. ■-■ not content to allow
the peddler to drive off, but maliciously
overturned his wa«"on and spilled his
wares in the roadway and finished up
by throwing rock? at him.
There Is not an empty house, in the
neighborhood that has not been visited
by the gang, who broke the windows and
destroyed the plumbing work. Men who
Incidental to the National Club Boxing,
have occasion to g<> out at nichts have
ed with a show ■ ts and
now thej are afraid to venture ■ I
their hi uses. The night wai at the
new tunnel fears for his \\ f " as th« gang
isure in throwing rocks at him
■ le shows his form outside the
tunnel.
Mounted Policeman 1 <'ars'»n. who patrols
icighbornood. procured the names
and ■ - • • gang and yesi
he sw»n to omplaints in Judge Graham's
: their arrest on I irge of
ncy. Their names and addr - -
are: William and .1 >hn Clark, 115 Fair
mount treet; William Shannessy, 12
< ■ ■ - reel ; William Woods j 109
Roanok treet; Yank ('allahan. MBI
Army street; William Peterson, ll'» Ar
lington sir" r, Terrence Pagan. *-'■'■< Itlch
■ c; William Maloney. :7J B< mis
• John McCann. 153 Laidley street;
mas Crouch, 301 Miguel street; Mick
Redmond, 211 Day street, and Percy Ben
son.
Th« ages of the boys ranpe from 15 to
21 years, crouch is known as the leader
of th.- gang and whatever he tells the
others tn do Is carried into effei I without
• tlon. Tli>- police is determined • ■
break up the gang and every effort will
le to capture th>-m.
VETERAN VOLUNTEERS.
Old-Time Firemen Wanted in San
Rafael. Vallejo and Monterey to
Honor Parades.
At the last held meeting of the \ eteran
Volunteer Firemen's Association, of
which Stephen Runner is. president and
James Pennycook is secretary, there were
presented invitations from the Native
Sons of the Golden West; Fire Depart
ment and citizens of .San Rafael, asking
the association to participate in the fes
tivities to be held in that place on the
4th of July; one from the citizens of Val
lejo asking that the Veterans take part
In the parade In thai city on the 4th of
July, and one from the firemen and citi
zens of Monterey, asking that the "old
vets" visit that town and be their guests
on the 9th and 10th of September,
J X Harden, chairman, and L. A.
Hughes of the- San Rafael Fourth of July
committee were present at the meeting
to urge the acceptance of the written In
vitation The veterans decided to visit
San Rafael on that day. providing that
the soldier boys expected from Manila
have not arrived on or Immediately be
fore the Fourth, as the Veterans want to
i,,- here to honor them. -.■.-•
Accompanying a communication from
Albert C Lynn of Boston was a belt of
St Francis hook and ladder company of
the volunteer department of San Fran
cisco once the property of the late Clark
]• Gurry, at one time a member of St.
Francis The writer asked the Veterans
to accept the belt as a gift to it. to be
placed with the relics in the rooms of the
association! The belt is mounted with
solid silver and was one of those that
were/used on parades. A vote of thanks
was passed to the donator.
Colonel A. Andrews presented two silver
sets for gate prizes at the association
picnic to Vie held to-day.
« o »
Justin McCarthy has o character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
day's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JUKE IT, IRO9.
DEWEY MONUMENT FUND
IS GROWING RAPIDLY
Nearly $5009 Was Contributed During
the Past Week by Business Men.
THE Dewey monument committee held a meeting in Mayor Phelan's office
yesterday afternoon. There was a full attendance of the members of the
committee, who are greatly pleased at the present prospects. From every
indication it would seem that the desired sum will certainly be raised
within a reasonably short while. The committee - was In session for a long
time and ussed many points of interest in connection with the
monument. Mayor Phelan Bald the committee, wasi working systematically
with gratifying results, and that the contributions were coming in in such a
manner as to Indicate that the people of California are determined' to rec
ognize the valor and heroism of America's greatest naval officer.
The committee has received a number of inquiries regarding designs for
the monument from various sculptors. The names of the artists who have
made Inquiries were not made publjp by the committee. Mayor. "J*helan said
that the committee had not yet considered the questipn of compensation for
the artist whose design shall be ? aecept<?d. ■ '■*■ ...
The committee yesterday considered trie-question -of a site f«r the. erection
of the monument, but not definite action was taken. Among the locations
discussed as suitable were Union Square, entrance. to the panhandle" on Van
Xess avenue, western end of Golden Gate Park on. the. bluff near, the he.aeh,
I. : na Vista Park, the ferry -landing, and at the corner of California and Mar
ket streets. :.* - ; ■.'{-'
The following contributions have been received by the committee daring
the past week: . . ,• • ;■-."'•-'
Alaska Commercial Company, through President Louis SlOssV.". :SI.OOO 1
Dodge, Sweeney &Co ;..., ■'.<■ ; 1.000 - •
Mrs. Captain William Kohl of San Mateo • 500
Murphy, Grant' & Co f-00
Alaska Packers' Association, through President H.F.Fortmann. 500
J. a Polger & Co 500
Tillmann, Bendel & Co , , 600
Total J 4,503
The total contributions up to -yesterday amount to $30,944. This sum is
nearly one-third of the required amount, and the committee feel confident-
That when the small contributions begin to 'come in it will only be. a very
short while before the $100,000 is raised, . :
RIOT NARROWLY AVERTED
Fighting Soldiers Make Things Trop
ical for Policeman Chase.
"Lynch him!" ••Coward!"
The above were expressions of disap
proval hurled at Policeman Chase by a
crowd of indignant citizens at the corner
of Third and Mission streets last evening
because the officer in trying to arrest
three soldiers as compelled to use his
club to beat them into submission. For a
short time a riot was Imminent, but the
arrival of other policemen had a quieting
effect.
Patrick Brannan. John Costigan and H\
T>. Nigh, privates in the regular army,
who have seen service in Cuba and who
are now unattached, started out in the
afternoon to enjoy themselves. They
landed In a saloon at Third and Mlsiio 1 )
streets, and, after Imbibing too freely.
fought amors themselves and retiri
the sidewalk ' ttle the trouble.
\\ rule ousuy engaged piimmciini,' ea<'h
other Officer Chase h< ye on the scene and
took a band. Chase pulled Brannan away
from Costigan, and ihe drunken prii I
turned on the peacemaker, rje was com
pelled to use his club, and wielded it with
such good effect that blood flowed from
one of the country's defenders. Some pa
triotic Inclined bystanders were app
at the policeman's action and shouted
"Lynch him" and other foolish sugges
tions. An immense crowd patherf!
its presence hampered the policeman ir:
his effort to place the m< j n tinder art- st.
The arrival or relnforceraeata fettled mat
ters. The soldiers were removed to th-
City Prison and charged with battery and
disturbing the peai c.
LEO HERINGHT'S TROUBLES.
Says His Brother Has Placed Him in
a False Position.
With reference to the troubles of the
Herlngh(, family, which developed in a
suH on Friday. Leo Heringhl asserts that
he has been plated in a false position ! ■
his brother Samuel.
"This," said he, "is but one of a B«ri< ;
ta recently tak-Mi to Injure my busi
ness. My brother, Aaron Hsringhi, and I
jointly executed the contract upon wnicb
suit was brought, yet do action was taken
against him. and an attempt is made to
hold me exclusively liable upon the con
tract. Not satisfied with the Institution
of the suit, my store was placed under at
tachment *imp!v to harass me. j tmme
glatelv had the attachment released.
"As far us any obligations I am under
to my parents are concerned. I have sat
isfied them and have paid and satisfied n
mortgage upon their home. As far as the
statements made by Samuel Heringhi
with reference to the suit ..r.- concerned,
they are trnoualifledly false, and I regret
that my. brother should make such state
.i\- nts. AVhen Aaron Hf-ringhi and 1 dis
. partnership no act of mine v.ts
clandestinely performed, but on the con
trary every one of my acts met with the
approval of A. Reuf, attorney for Varoti
Heringhi, nnd Jacobs * Wolf and D. C.
Murphy, my attornevg."
Champion Jeffries Coming.
M;irk Thall, manager of the Alcazar
Theater, received a dispatch yesterday
from his brother, Sam Thaii. announcing
that Champion Jim Jeffries would arrive
here on the 27th Inst. Jeffries and Thall.
who is looking after the champion's af
fairs In the interest of William A. Brady,
left Boston for this city yesterday. It wan
announced in the ring at. Woodward's Pa
vilion last night that Jeffries had signi-
Q«d his willingness to ppar at the benefit
which will be tendered Peter Jackson^
DEPUTIES APPOINTED.
The Grand Protector of the Knights
and ladies of Honor Names
His Assistants.
/. T. hitter., grand protector of the
Grand Lodge' of California of the Order of
Knights and Ladies of Honor, has ap
pointed the following named as deputies
to assist him in the work of the order
during; his term:
For Aurora Lodge, San Francisco, Mrs.
Ellen Fitzgerald; Pacific Lodge, Ban
Francisco, .Mis. Doris J. Kaplan: West
End Lodge, San Francisco, Mrs. Phoebe
Dunzweiler; Golden Rule Lodge. San
Francisco, Mrs M. E. Duncan; Bay City
Lodge. San Francisco, Mrs. M. B. Price;
Martha Lodge, San Francisco, Charles
Hahn; Oakland Lodge, Oakland, Mrs.
Louise Bigler; Star Lodge, Sonora, Mrs.
Jennie Laugh rey; Laurel Lodge. Healds
burg, Mrs. Anna Brigham; Angel City
Lodge, Los Angeles Mrs. M. A.,Maier;
Marysville Lodge, Marysville, Mrs. Mary
H. Townesnd; Equity Lodge, Sacramento,
Mrs. W, B. Roth; Harmony Lodge; Sacra,
mento, C. E. Hill; Yerha Buetia Lodge,
San Jope. Mrs. E. R. O'Donneil; Mistletoo
Lodge. San Jose, J. M. Rleketts; Marion
Lodge. Yallejo; Mrs. Marion (1. Perry.
The deputy for Magnolia Lodge, San
Francisco has not yet been appointed.
A few days since the grand protector
paid a visit to Mistletoe Lodge in San
Jose and made arrangements that will un
doubtedly result in building that sub
ordinate and Increasing its membership.
The officers of Marion Lodge of Vallejo
will be publicly installed on July g, and
on that occasion the grand officers will
be present. ,>::... - ...
■ ■». ■
HARMONY CHAPTER.
It Introduces a Number of Strangers
Into the Mysteries of the
Eastern Star.
Bhaata Hall, in the Native Son?' build
ing:, vu occupied last night by Harmony
Chapter of the < >rd ir ol the Eastern Star.
n» trlj Mil' intire membership "neirtK pres
ent, an-i In addition tnere were a large
: umber of visitors from the local and
chapters. The occasion of the large
•he introduction in?" I
■■ and order of a number of --liu'
bles, and they stated at the close of
■'-■ meeting that they were greatly im
pressed by the beautiful ceremony in
which thej i' ok part. 'I nose who were
Inducted Into the mysteries of the order
w--r- : Mrs. Captain Gertrude Matrhtw
son, John ('. i "rooks. Mr>. Alice E. Sev. r
anee and. Mrs. Ballia M.. Gllhsan. There
weri also admitted '■ ■> card James Wil
kins and Mrs. Adah Brady.
After the meeting (here was an adjourn
ment to the banquet, where there wore
covers for one hundred and twenty, and
ail the seats were occupied. The prominent
members of the ord«?r who \\i-r<- pr<
wen Ass ■ Grand Patron fSenrjtf !..
: •- Mrs. George L. Darling, Grand
Secretary Mrs. K. I. VVUlats, Miss Susie
M. Willats, John Tonningsen. John I!
Gray, R«v, Dr. W. B. Smith. Mrs. \V. X
Smith. A. Bauer, Dr. a. H. Millberry,
Mrs. A. H. Millberry, B. i'>. Duncan, Mrs.
11 ]'.. Duncan, Mrs. Lydia A. Steele, Dr.
Miles Taylor, Dr. Gassaway, Alvin Plmn
mer, George W. 11. Patterson, Mrs. Helen
May Patterson, Mrs. Duren, past matron
of Golden i rate ( 'hapt -v. Miss Md 'on~sej .
associate matron of Olive nranch Chap
ter; Mr>. C. '.'. Dow, Mrs. Jennie A.
- Mrs Elizabeth r>. Wetjen, Mrs.
M. J. Savage, Miss Slock of the chapter
in Tehama and Mrs. Short.
Displayed Their Fancy Steps.
The pupils of Mrs. L. Honn's Dancing
Academy held their closing exercises and
annual exhibition of fancy dancing last
evening at Golden Gate Hall. The hall
was fairly crowded with friends and re
latives of the little tots: The- enjoyable
programme was as follows:
Song, by class: fan dance, Lena
Hall; coon song, Martin Kreling; tam
bourine dance, Daisy Bell Kormal
song- and dance, Ron;i Whelan; "Com
in" Thro' the Rye,". Alma Bowen;
Gypsy dance. Edith May Lyons: Hun
garian dance (Misses Honn), Masters
Carroll. Gibson .. and. Roy Childers;
Espanita. Lillie Burke. Blanche Ser
vel: national dance. Vivian - Pierce;
song, Baby Ruth -Gale; 'ballet. Madge-
Young. Blanche" Serve], Ltllie Burke, ■'
Alma Bowen, Lena- Hall. Hazel -Aubry;--
Rena Whelan, Belmont Walton, An
gelina Rocze, ' Vivian 'Pierce, Edna
Marguerite Honii:. HiKhlajid i]ji'«,
Ariel-- Nelson^ song and dance, Honn
sisters; peasant • oanceh "Edith May
Lyons; skirt dance, Jrene Wilson; -
hornpipe, class;- scarf ; dance; Madge
Young and -Merced Walton; ■ Spanish
dance, Marguerite Honn: fan dance,
Rena Whelan: darky son?. - Hazel '
Aubry; flower dance, Baby Ruth-Gale;
"Cocovienne," Lena Hall: latest Rast- t
■em cake walk.- Rena Whtjlan, 1 "Edith -
May Lyons; Cupid song and dance,
DaiHy Bell Konnal ; hornpipe, Alice
Ryan; tarantelle, Alma Bowen;, coon
song. Martin Kreling; specialty, " Miss
Edna E. Honn; Delsarte, by class.
A Presentation.
At the close of The session of San Fran
cisco Hive. Ladies of the Maccabees, last
evening, the members of San Francisco
Tent of the Knights of the same order
paid the hive a fraternal visit, after
which Lady Commander Mary E. Salmon,
on behalf of the hive, presented to Lady
Record Keeper Mrs. Mary J. Rogers, who
will soon leave for Grand Rapids, Mich.,
I a handsome gold emblematic pin, to-be
worn by her as a pleasant reminder of
her agreeable relations with the members
of the hive during her membership there
in, and In which she tilled a number of
important offices. This was followed by
a short programme and a collation.
Lambardis in "Mask Ball."
"Un Hallo In Maschera" was .sung- to
an appreciative audience by the Lam
bardi Opera Company at the Alhambra
last evening. The attendance was larger
than usual, and the performance was
punctuated with liberal applause. "Rfg
oletto" will be given this afternoon, with
Repetto. Alberto. Badaracco. Ferrari feud
Bergami in the east, and "Aida" will be
the opera to-night,, with Bardueci, Ppl
letlni. Avedano, Salassa and Travaghjti
as principals. It has been decided to ex
tend the season for another week, and to
morrow evening "II Trovatore" will be
repeated by request.
A lifeboat coats nearly thirty shillings a
week to maintain.
FATHER FLOOD'S
REMAINS ARE
LAID TO REST
Many Honor Memory
of the Priest.
REQUIEM MASS CELEBRATED
— ♦• -
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN PRE
SIDES.
Rev. Father Lynch Dsiivc-rs the Eulo
gy — The Clergy and Various
Societies Gather at
the Grave.
One of the largest funerals • ver held in
this city was that of the Rev; Father
James Flood, which took place yesterday
iftorning from the Sacred Heart Church,
of which he had been the pastor for the
past twelve years. The body of th< de
ceased priest was transferred from the
parlor In the, parochial residence on
.Thursday to the church, which had been
decorated in somber Mack, where it lay
in state in front of the sanctuary. The
casket was completely covered with, a
wealth of sweet peas and ferns, while nu
merous rtoral offerings wi re placed around
it.
l-< ng before the hour appointed for the
services the large edifice was crowded in
every part with the- parishioners, who
held their dead pastor in the highest
reverence. The steps and surrounding
sidewalks were occupied bj an immense
throng, which was unable to get inside
the doors
The solemn requiem mass began at 10
o'clock. Archbishop Riordan presiding at
the ceremonies in full episcopal robes.
Th.- oelebrant of the mass was Rev.
Father McSweeney; deacon, Father
Power; sub-deacon, Father .Brady;
masters ol ceremonies, Fathers Cullen
and Byrne, the assistant pastors of the
church. Th< deacons at the throne were
Rev. Fathers O'Connor and Scan lan
Many of the local and Interior clergy sat
Inside and i uta • thi sanctuary.
Wilcex'a Requii m Mass was sung by
an augmented choir under the direction
of the organist, Miss Florence Coonan.
Sopranos— Mrs. A. Walsh and Miss Annie
Kooney; contraltos — Miss E. V. McCloskey
and Miss M. Mab*'; tenors— Charles Mor
rel and D. Manlloyd; bassos— W. L. Wood
ward and S. J. Sa liily. The offertory.
"Pie Jtsu. ' by Faure, was sung by Miss
E. V. McCloskey.
Rev. Father P. R. Lynch delivered the
funeral oration and paid a glowing tribute
to the deceased priest. His text was
"Sternal rest grant unto him, o Lord, and
!<■( perpetual light shine upon him."
"In the death of Father Flood, 1 . 1 he said.
"the Catholics of the community have,
suffered a loss as w.ell as the members of
this parish. Father Flood was instru
mental In giving to ij'.c worship of God
this beautiful temple. I'pon him fell the
onerous task of seeing tq Its construction.
It called for many sacrifices, but, good
priest that he was, be did not hesitate.
Sensitive and bashful to a mark-' 1 , degrei
we who knew him realise how painful the
?e!f-imp< sed task was. Hut h- set about it
carry out hi§ purp »c and h? accomplished
it. Mindful of God's honor and the wel
fare of those entrusted to his cart-, he
gave the best energies of his mind and
'body to the work In hand. He watched
over his offspring from cornerstone to
summit, and when it was completed his
h-art thrilled with a joy unknown to
.■thers.
"How different the occasion and with
what opposite feelings we are gathered
here this morning to the day when we
assembled to congratulate Father Flood
on the completion of this sacred edifi< c.
The face that was then Bushed with Joy
is now while in death, and now we are
sorrowing in our human way. \v.- would
have hoped to see Father Flood enjoy
years of peace and happiness dispensing
the mysteries of religion, but our ways
are not God's ways, lie has been pleased
to take him away in the hour of his suc
lu his "'.lath the diocese has lost
a Named, devoted and jealous priest.
his brothers in the ministry a dear friend.
To the people of Sacred Heart his loss is
well nigh irreparable. This was his first
pastoral charge, and your sorrow is the
keenest. It is hard to realize that he who
enjoyed the tremendous power ,>i priest
hood now lies powerless !n death.
•'You are here in vast numbers to tes
tify the respect in which you hold his
memory. For you he (oiled and prayed,
and you are here for a higher and holier
purpose— to pray for the peaceful and
happy repose ot his soul. A priest's life
is an' honored one. His privileges and re
sponsibilities .ire great. Do not cease to
pray for him, knowing th> se responsi
bilities.
••We. prelate and people, gather before
God's altar to supplicati mercy on his
son!. Let our prayers not end to-day. The
grave is unable to s< ver the bonds which
hold us t>> him. By virtue of the consol
ing doctrine of the communion of saints
v. .'• are still bound to him. L<-t us follow
him beyond the {.'rave with our prayers.
His death was truly happy. Our reverend
Archbishop gave to him In the holy viati
cum the last pledge of God's mercy to
him May his soul and the souls of the
faithful departed rest in peace."
Many of those present who heard the
touching words were deeply moved, and
silent tears were shed by grief-stricken
parishioners for th«ir beloved pastor.
After the Archbishop had pronounced
absolution and sprinkled incense over the
casket it was lifted up by the pallbearers,
consisting or Rev. Fathers KcSweeney;
Lynch Brtidy, Powers, Byrne, Riordan,
Cooper and Cullep, and borne outside to
the hears;'.
Tho funeral cortege then commenced its
sad march to the grave in the priest's
plat in Calvary. Heading the procession
cant* Colonel William Sullivan, marshal,
and a squad of twenty policemen under
Sergeant Charles 13ush. Next came the
gt Vincent de Paul Conference. J. C,
Murphy president; Holy Angels Sodal
ity, Mi?s Agnes Higgins. president;
Yoifng- Ladies' Sodality. Miss A. Arnold
president; Leo Assembly. .Ne. 4. Y. M. C.
r • \V (\ -Billington, president; Igna
tla'n Council No. 25, Charles B. Fenn
iiresidtiK'. Company D. League of .the
(.Toss V:>dets. Captain Ignatius Dwyor.
These van followed by two carriages
containing Fathers Ciillen and Byrne, to
gether with the; acolytes. The honorary
pallbearers accompanying the hears*
were- M. Mcherin. J. C. Nealon, Judge
Conlan J- Fitzhenry. J. W. McCarthy. 1"".
O'Connor, M. Nunan. J. B. MoDevitt, P.
F Dundon, Captain A. Fitzpatrick, J. C.
Queer \ C Freeso. James Mi-Kane,
Judge 'Cooney. F. W. Arnold. L. Fitager
ald, H. I. Mulereavy and Colonel J. C.
O'Connor.
Then came the chief mourners. Dr. rind
Mrs Flood, the former a brother ol the
deceased pries; ; the nuns of the various
sisterhoods and. the clergy in carrl
last the parishioners. It took newly
an hour for the procession to pass a giy i
point and nearly two thousand people
gathered at the cemetery.
The services at the grave wore vety
simple. Father MeSwtefiey intoned tho
De Profimdis and the Benedictus, which
were responded to by the clery present
as the body was lowered and finally ahut
out from view.
\mong the visiting clergy were: Rev.
Fullers Kirby and Comoford of St.
\gnes Coyle of Star of the. Sea, Carahe.
and Flies of St. Francis. Cottle and Ryan
of St. Brlgid's; Wyman. C. S. P.; C S.
Ramm Dempsey and O Ryan of Sr.
Mary's Cathedral; Jones, O. P.. Mickey. 8.
J Prelato. S. J-- and Kenna. S. J.. of San
Jos*-- Cummins, Brennan, Parry and Horn
of Si Patrick's; J. Nugent and Quinn of
St Brenden's; D. F. Nugent. Kinneal'/
and Gleason of St. Rose's: Scnnlan
Keane and Hartnett of St. Joseph's: Mc-
C.inty and Sampson of Holy Cross: Sulli
van of All Hallow's; O'Connell and Brown
of St Therese's; Casej and Grant of St.
Peter's; McDonald and O'Neil of St.
Charles ; Connolly of St. Paul's; Lynch.
Crriffin and Donald McKinnon of St.
James: Brennan and Conway of Old Mis
sion- Sweeny and Cull of St. Francis.
Oakland. Kiley of St. Patrick's. Oakland;
Foley and nVonnell. Alameda; O'Ma
honey, San Leandro: Power of Llyermor«;
Guverno of Centeryllle; I>ri?coii of Val
lej( : O'Reilly. Paso Robles; Kiloy. Bacra
mento: McKinnon. Bulsun; O'Brady,
T"k!ah: Cleary. Petaluma; Cassin. Santa
Rosa: Phelan. St. A'incent'a. San Ra/ael;
Lagan, San Rafael; Joseph Byrne. Xo
vato: MaKuire. St. Patrick's, San Jom;
Riordan. president of Santa Clara Cv!
lege; Riorden, Wakeham. 8. J., and Me-
Mahon of Menlo Park; Vitalis, Fuhr and
Augustine of the Franciscans.
There were also delegations from the-
Christian Brother.*. The sisterhood of
this city had many representatives ores
ent also.
BUNKER HILL DAY.
One Hundred and Twenty-Fourth An
niversary Will Be Celebrated
To-Day.
Th*> one hundred and, twenty-fourth an- :
nlversary of the battle of Bunker Hill
will hp appropriately celebrated to-day in
California.
As already announced, orders have h^en
Issued by General 9nafter for the firing of:
a national salute at the various fortifica- ,
tions in the bay, and the Hags from all
public buildings will be flung to the t
breeie. Many private residences will also
■ ecorated in honor of the day.
A feature of the day's celebration will
be the annual assemblage of the Bunker
Hill Association, which will take place at :
Sunset Park, in tin Santa Cruz Moun
tains.
The young Men's Christian Association
celebrates the battle of Bunker Hill by an
rsion to Monterey, and the Tuolumne
As«o< lation will have an excursion to
Tuolumne County.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's As
- . Mop will celebrate the day by a pic
nic at Shell Mound Park, and the Sons
of the American Revolution and the So
ciety of California Pioneers will join with
the Bunk-r Hill Association in its cele- j
, bration at Suns, t Park.
REFUSES TO DIVULGE
THE HIDING PLACE
Wells-Fargo Employe Clings on to
the $50,000 Which Costs Him
Five Years' Imprisonment.
AUSTIN, Tex.. June 16.— Charles Beeler,
the Wells-Fargo express employe who
robbed that company of $50,000 cash at
San Antonio and was afterward captured
in Mexj. o and recently tried and sen
tenced to five years' imprisonment in. the
penitentiary for the robbery, wag taken
to the penltentfarj to-day to serve out
his sentence. He has steadily refused to
divulge the bluing place of the money.
The Wells-Fargo Company instituted
suit against him yesterday in the District
Court uf Baxter County f. ,r 150,000. The
object of the suit is to obtain judgment
and enforce it against him should he he
known to have the money in his posses
sion at any time after his sentence is
served.
POSSES AND MILITIA
SURROUND ROBBERS
Wyoming Bandits Trailed by Blood
hounds to Their Mountain
Rendezvous.
CHKVKNXi;. YVyo.. June 1(5.— ThO
bloodhounds sent to the Big Horn Moun
tains several days ago to assist in tho
chase of the bandits who dynamited the
Union Pacific mail train have been sue
.! In pit king up the trail ami foi
lowing it from T X Mountain, where the
mhli, rs eluded their pursuers, to the
headwaters of No Wood River, south of
Redhank; Wyo., and west of the H<>ie-in
the-Wall country. They are in the ueart
of the mountains, where the bandits are
now surrounded "ii all si'l«-» -by the State
militia and posses of armed men.
Captain Thorn, in command of the State
troops sent against the bandits, reports
that the robbers, hemmed in as they are,
cannot possibly escape.
WORRY DRIVES A
MINING MAN INSANE
Harry Thompson, One of the Bsst
Known Operators in Idaho,
Sent to an Asylum.
BOISE, Idaho, June Harry Thomp
son, one of the best-known mining men
in this State, has been sent to the insane
asylum, raving over his mining opera
tions. Thompson was conducting a big
bedrock flume enterprise owned by a
Scotch company, In which he was a heavy
((holder, worry over the business is
supposed to have brought on the attack.
He acted strangely for some time, but
he was not confined until he made an at
tempt to kill himself. Thompson recently
paid a visit to Scotland, where he was
married.
Grain Fire Near Lodi.
LODI, June 16. — About seventy acres of
standing wheat went up in flames on the
Peterr ranch, four miles south of here
this afternoon. The fire is supposed to
have started from a spark fs"m a pass
ing train. Other fields adjoining were
saved by thp bard work of farmers, who
plowed und^r strips of grain and fought
the flames in every way. The loss
amounts to $I'W.
Cocoanut by Mail.
One of the strangest packages which
has ever been bandied by the clerks in
the Waterville postofhVe was delivered to
S. S. Lightbody the other afternoon. The
package was a cocoanut in the same form
in which it was taken from the' tree.
There was no tag attached to the cocoa
nut, instead the address was written on
the. husk. One of the three sides of the
husk was taken up by the address, which
used up nearly all the space allotted for
it. Another side contained the postage
stamps. Of these there was one 5-cent
stamp, two 2-eent stamps, and, In spite
of the fact that the remaining stamp of
1 cent denomination was one of the
stamps issued in commemoration of the
Maine, there was plenty of room for many
more stamps of the same size, so large
was the surface. The cocoanut was sent
by Fred Gonyer. who several months ago
was employed at Mr. Ughtbody's store
Mr. Gonver is now in Palm Beach, Fla.—
Portland Argus.
Couldn't See Danger Ahead.
'Those glasses you sold me yesterday
were no good!" c-xclaimed a citizen as he
walked Into the estalilishement and
threw a pair of gold-bound spectacles on'
the showcase.
"What'e the matter with them?" asked
the optician.
"Matter enough. I wore them on the
strfet this morning and ran right into
two of my creditors before I recognized
them."— Columbus (Ohio) State Journal. '
CURED IN 2 MONTHS.
/ g rr \ Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric Belt
i"-wW '-''/ ■ Makes a Remarkable Cnre
\'-' Ji'h'fQfc' TlliF>^kvf in Two Months.
<P* " 9 \istlsk :■ P= He filled his nerves with the fire
{ z \LJf ffl y±t X •£'. K*si t$ of life every night for two months,
®l**i^ >'^^%*^ T**^ix>- 'T^tifl gradually building up his vitality.
wji'Trr^-".**^" * ■ (*tj4lffl very d;iy ne Brew stronger, and
"..^' i " V^<i ; Ijarr now he ls full of >' outh - full of
l^^^rc'^Yl^ energy, a strong and vigorous
y \)]\ '. . Read What Ha Says:
Sierraville. <"al.
DR. -M. A, MCLAUGHLIN— Sir: Since commencing the use of your Belt
I have noticed a gradual improvement, and to-day can say that I am completely cured,
and heartier and stronger than I have been for years; in fact, I feel like a new pet-
gpn; and, juilpinK from my experience with ymir Belt, believe it will do all you claim.
During the past several winters I I, ad been troubled with sickness, but this winter
I have been free of it. I have advised several parties up here to try your Belt, -ii.l
they have done so with Buecesn. Hoping you will have as good success In every case
as you have had in mine, I remain, yours very truly, ALFRED S. HAMLIX.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
It is grand to feel strong, humiliating: to feel weak. If you are weak
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong;
it will steady your nerves and cheek all waste of power in thirty days.
It Is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. Call and test
this wonderful Belt. See what it has done for — 10,000 cures. Try
Dr. Mclaughlin's Electrjc Belt if yc-u are weak. If you can't call send
for Dr. McLaughlln's famous book, "Three Classes of Men," which is
free. Call or write to-day. Do not put it off. Address
T% "M A lUf^%T A . <n ,Ll! n 702 Kirket St., cor. K»»ray. 8. P.;
Dr. M. A. lucLaugnlin, d f 98 B i°4i Bpms tnd Bteoad
Office Hours— B am. to 5:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
ATTEMPTED TO
RUIN D .O. MILLS'
BEAUTIFUL ELMS
Telephone Company's
Arrogant Methods.
STOPPED BY AN INJUNCTION
A HIGH-HANDED PROCEDURE
MEETS WITH A REBUKE.
Attempt to Destroy the Prettiest
Stretch of the County Road.
Angry Property-Owners
Object.
The Sunset Telephone and Telegraph
Company, of which John I. Sabin is the
executive head, hns again attempted to
ride with an Iron-shod* hoof over the
rights of others and this time its cours-i
has been brought to a BUdden stop by thq
invocation of the law. Without warning
or notice the telephone company prepared
to lay lines over the property of D. O.
Mills, directly south of Millbrae. An in
junction issued by the. Superior Court of
San Matro County cut short the corpora
tion's designs and a most interesting law
suit will follow on account of the arro
gant manner in which the telephone com
pany has attempted to violate the prop
erty rights .if ]>. O. Mills.
D. O. Mills is acting through his repre
sentative and agent, H. H. Taylor, who
is not the only person an :--il by the ac
tion of the trespass^ rs. Along the county
road which runs southward from Millbra«
there are a number of angry property
holders who will Dot stand by and see
the beautiful elms which skirt the road
before their land devastated and destroy
ed, by the ruthless operations of tht- com
pany's Unesmen. This avenue of elms
marks the prettiest stretch of road from
San Francisco to San Jose and has been
the work of the property own«rs at th<»
solicitation- of the county authorities.
Th>> trees were planted some \ears ago.
The telephone company, obtaining a fran
ehiSft, erected unsightly pi '. - betW< •
them with the cross-trees at th<= top and
some distance from the ground. Suddenly
and without apparent reason the corpora
tion determined to lower the cross-trees,
which, if accomplished, would necessitate,
the. disfigurement, if not the ultimate ruin.
of the beautiful elms which are tho pride
of the county.
H. H. Taylor said yesterday: "The tele
phone; company imagined that it could
sweep with high hand right over the land,
regardless of all others who happened to
he in its way. The officers of that com
pany have made a mistake, that is all.
T'nle«s the courts permit them to dn us
they desire, they will not cross tho?.- ma
jestic, ornamental elms with their lowered
cross-trees. As it is the t<ip cross-trees do
s.im>- damage. T was not consulted by the
telephone company when' it determined to
erect Its latest nuisance."
Relative to the company's contemplate'^.
action it is said th;!t John I. Sabin, ex
pressed an opinion which is most charac
teristic of the company's general de
meanor. When he wa? advised to recall
the orders given his linesmen to put on
the lower cross-trees h*> refused to do bo,
asseverating that he would do just ns ha,
pleased and that nobody could stop him.
The law has been effective so far and
until the injunction is removed Mr. Sa
hin's new cross-trees will not decorate his
poles or tend to ruin the elms on the road
before the D. O. Mills' property.
WALDECK-ROSSEAU
TO FORM A CABINET
French Statesman Takes Up the Task
After the Declination of
Del Casse.
PARIS. June 16.— Senator Pierre TVal
d.-.-k-Kosseau has accepted the task of
<•■ rnciing a Cabinet, M. del Casse hav
l;.. declined. It is believed that strong
.re was brought to bear upon m.
Waldeck-Rosseau, who arrived to-day
fp>m Toulon, hut as the Socialists and
Radicals virtually dominate the situation
no combination is likely to be Ions;
lived.
M. Poincare complains bitterly that he
offered every possible concession to the
Radicals, but they wanted, he says, to
have everything in their own hands. He
declares he has had enough of ('abinet
making and will not be in a hurry to re
turn to the task.
RHEST. France. June 18.— As the out
come of quarrels over the Dreyfus af
fair two duels were fought here to-day
between two officers, naval and artillery,
and professors a 1 the public schools. One
of each profession was wounded.
WARSHIP BURIED IN SAND.
NEW YORK. June 16.— A Sun cable
gram from Dunkirk, France, says: Bx
c&vationa which are i"'ins- made here
in connection with the extension of docks
have revealed a wooden warship with
antique cannon buried in tne sand. [1 Is
believed the vessel belonged to the Span
ish armada, which was fitted out in 15?7
for the subjugation of England.
Byers and Stift Draw.
CHICAGO, June 16.— George Ryer= of
Boston and "Billy" Stift of rhicago
fought a six-round draw to-night. In the
fourth round Stift knock down
twice, but Byers was strong, and befoie
the round ended knocked Stift aowa
twice. Stift did a great deal of hugging
in the last two rounds.
Affianced Wives Admitted.
INDIANAPOLIS, June 16.— The Su
preme Lodge, Ancient Order of United
Workmen, at Its session to-day decided
to enlarge the limit of the beneficiary
department in order to include an affi
anced wife. Heretofore only Mood r-!a
--tions have been accepted as beneflciar •■;.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMART OF THE MARKETS.
■ Fractional Improvement In Sliver,
Wheat still unsettled.
Other i >reals dull.
Hay continues Its- slow advance.
linns and Si • N dull.
. Potatoes Ftfarty.
>.. ,; ••
r "f - .■> ■ ■ -■• and Egxs "H ***:
", tcr.
pi es In market .
I ■
.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
-
Mi'i»s j-'trong and Hops nominal.
Hogg rather weak.
Rice unchanged.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUF'FS.
______
Exports of Flour from this port during the
first eleven months of the crop year were j
harrels. against 759.315 luring ihe same period
In 1537-PV Reducing this Flour to .i Wheat basis
*ivi adding it to the 'exported wheat gives total
Wheat exports for the eleven months of 4,438.950
rentals, valued at $i..W,7'><\ against 12.355,'' i!)
rentals at $19,560,000 for tliu same time last
jenr.
.
weather! report.
'i:oth Meridian- Pacific Tin?*. '
SAN FRANCISCO, June 16-', p. m.
Tho following mas mum temperatures were
reported from stations in California trt-dsy:
l*'ir»ka 56 Shu Diego fi«
Fresno 110 Sacramento . ... '.'•>
l,* Angeles 76 Independence . 94
n*"d T"!!uiT 104 5 ma 110
Ssn Luis Obispo.... 76
San. Francisco Temperature— Maximum, C 6:
minimum; f'4; mean; 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pre«sure has remained nearly station
ary over the country west of the Rocky Moun
tains. It still remains relatively hitb over
'■ • northern half of the Pacific Slope. There
has been a further rise In temperature over
th* country between the Sierras and the Rock
i's. Throughout California; except along lhe
coast, the temperatures are from 10 to 20 d.'-
Frp«>s übuve the normal. Maximum tempera
tures of 105 tv 110 are reported in the wheat
growlng sections, but as yet there have been
n.> high northerly wind to damage the grain.
Fog prevails along the coast from Eureka
t.' San Francisco.
The temperature nt an elevation of 2.">ort feet
r.»ar San Francisco is nearly 3') degrees warm
er than nt sea level.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight; June 17. 1W:
Northern California— Fair Saturday: contin
ued warm weather in the Interior; light north
«inds in "the valleys; fresh west winds on
toast.
Southern California -Fair Saturday; contin
ued warm weather: light northwest winds; fog
in the coast 1n the morning.
Itah— Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather.
Arisona— Fair Saturday: continued warm
ea,thcr
San HYancisco and Vicinity— Fair Saturday,
with fog In the morning: fresh westerly winds
in the afternoon.'
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
■ IRK STOCK MARKET
NEW YORK, June 16.— There was a num
ber of small .stocks whose prlces.were marked
up at the opening to-day, snd :or which buy
ing demand existed at intervals during the
day. The coalers were conspicuous, especially
the Reading lesues, and they rose on an aver
age of about IV4 points. The Flower group
also moved upward and gave seme semblance of
strength to I h<- general market Aside from
this demand, the market was almost wholly
neglected anil in the hands fir a small coterie
i f professional traders. The utmost endeavors
nf these operators did not serve to move prices
more than a small fraction, except In a few
....... advance in the coalers was
Hetty well held. It was attributed to the
return from Europe of a prominent financier,
who has figured In many railroad reorganiza
tions and to the closing out of options on
Lehlgh Valley by sympathetic control. Some of
these railroads displayed a rather firm tone
in sympathy with Reading, but the movement
of prices In them was inconsequential. The
advance in the Flower stocks was not so well
and in some of them was more than lost before
the day was over. Prices moved up and down
over a range of about :t nts. and closed
with a :small net loss. New York Air Brake
made a characteristic skyrocket Jump if IS
j.i.jniF.
Colorado Southern first preferred dropped - a «.
presumably on account of the labor troubles in
tli« State. Metropolitan ranged over i i>oints,
but ilused .-it a small Change. 'I here was noth
ing in the general situation thai found any re
flectlon in th? stock trading. 'i" undertone
was rather firm In the railroad list, partly in
sympathy with the .strength of individual
Mocks already mentioned. The announcement
of an additional shipment by to-morrow's
ficamr of $1,000,000 In gold was without In
fluence in the trading, unless it might have
l»ee-i a feature In discouraging activity. In
fluence In the same direction was the expecta
tion of an unfavorable bank statement to-mor
low. Last Saturday's shipments. as well as
tlKi«e mnii" early in the we.-k. will all figure In
to-morrow's statement, but not to-day's en
gagement. The banks are said to have lost
cash In other ways luring the week and a
large decitnr In t^at Item is expected In to
morrow's statement.
The amount of^loans cannot hp forecasted,
rut ihpi* were reports of a <-allinir of some
leans yesterday, suggesting that •■•■ may lie
a contraction of credits ivfl»rted by to-mor
rnw's returns.
An Incident of the day - -<* the firmer ton?
in tlif silver market in Tendon, raid to i>e due
tr> buylnc for Indian account nnd to th" effp< •
<f the Colorado smelters' strike. Readli . 4s
«-pr» tl)p feature of the hand market, wit! an
advance uf l per cent on large imylnir. Else
where in the list «rv. r>..lnt« of weakness
Total sales, liar value. $2.7*0.000.
1/nlted States 2s und fie old 4 - s coupon de
clined !i and the s's advanced »» In the bid
price
The total sales of storks to-day uerp 329,i!7
sh.irps. Including: American steel and wire,
18.600: American -;t.u-. 4fi.«00; Atchison pre
ferred. 7«r«i ; Brooklyn Transit. im<io : ■ irllng
ton, 15,300; Chicago <;r»at \Ventern, 3"orv l> j,
and \\ .. 3K»>; Denver and Rio Grande preferred
SitfKi; Kpdpral Steel, L' 7.400; Manhattan SOOO:
42C0; Mirnourl Pacific. S300; New .Terse] Cen
tral, 3000; New York Central. 3MO; Ontario and i
Western, 7600; Pennsylvania. 3200; People's i
'inf. 3200; I tea dim;, 4800; do first preferred, 42
--7'iO; d.i second preferred. 4200; Rock [aland
6100; St. aPul, II pOO; Standard Distilling Com
pany, 4000; T. C. and 1., 8500; Rubber, 6200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ITS 1■" prefd .... ■•'■,
Do prefd 55 3t Paul ......." \t&l
Baltimore * Ohio. 61 Do prefd .. 17'"-. I
Canada ra.-inV.... 96< v 51 I' * 1(m .....'..'. ■■«■, !
'xnafia Southern."; r>.l'-. Do profd . [70 i
rent Pa 51% Ko Hail way ... ' iov I
<hos \- Ohi.i 24-, s D prefd .... -■! i
fhl & Alton .. 191 ]>x»s &■ Pacific ■«"». ;
flu H ■'■• <V I:■ '. Do prefd . . 74?: i
Chi & F. Til ... Wabash " 7\ I
l>r, prpfd 117 D,. ref.l 19% !
-hi r, \\- 134 heel *■ I- E new. g«i
i'h m«1 & I " Do 2d prefd .... ;3-%
Do i'rofd IS Express Companies—
1 hi & \ \\ 1..i-t Adams Ex no
1)11 prefd 1 '.■ American Xx 135
C «: f A- St 1,.... 54Vi I'nitPd StatPs 4S
f>o prpri •• w ells Fargo 1:3
Dpi & Hudson li!>4 Miscellaneous—
Del I. & v. 170' i A Cot Oil . ... '".■..
Den * Rio G 21Ti Do prefd !<l>,
1'" i '• '' 76ii Anin Sj.iritf X.',
Erie new 124 n o prefd . ->9 "
Do Ibi prefd .... 34% Am Tobacco ....'.'. k\.
Ft Wayne 186 1 Do prefd .... HO "
«.t Nor prpfd 16* Oon« Gas ... . |80%
Wine's Ont 112 Com fable Co '..'.".17fl
J^bi Erie & w ■•-, Col F A- Iron 4;ii '
»> prefd 67 Do prefd ... 107
■a* 1 * 2<-* (;^ n Electric . 117
lou;s & Nash . ti, 1 . Haw Com! Co ... Un
■• ■ lattan L., ex- Fed Steel . . P3r
<liv lI2H Do prefd '!!'.'.!'.'.! 53«4
Met St Xv .■., Intnl Paper ... 40
Mich <ent 113 d v prefd .. . 771;
Minn &St L... M 1. . lede i; s . 5314
Dv Ist prefd .... K4 I^ead 30
Mo Pacific 41 Do prefd ... no
Mobile & 0hi0.... 40 Brooklyn R T... U7»»
M X .<■ T 11% Nat Un Oil .. ;tu
Do prefd :'.:" t Parlflp Mail .. 477;
N .1 Ontral 117 People's fias l>oi.
N V Central 131% Pullman Pal ... ijc ;
N V f'hl & St L.. 12 Silver Cert . «»!!,
Do Ist prefd .... 60 Standard 1: & T.. 7*i
Do .''l prefd . . .28 Sugar ...... ir.2'v
Nor West 20 Do prefd 117
No Amer Co 11' 2 T <' A- Iron ...... C*K
No Pa.lfir 47 r S I anther r.i
. Do prefd 7ri»i Do prefd ■. . fi9»i
Ontario A- W ..... '.••''. r s Robber 53-4
Or r< x- Na,v pfd. ti Do prefd • n«
Tnr Coast Ist pfd. *2 West rni.,ll 'in
: •■> .1 pr< '■! .... 55 Amn B & W r,3->,
Pltrßburg !>■•; Do prefd % .
rjpadins: "' 7 ; Con Tobacco 45
Do in prefd .... «1 » Do prefd .. Sl'i
I! <; W :;:i Colo Southern EH
Do prefd 77 1 1... 1«t prefd .... 42-.
Rock Inland 111%; Do 2d prefd .... is"
-■ 1. *s F 10 .Vat Steel F.IV;
Do prefd 7.' | Do prefd. ex-div. K0
. Do id prefd ... 36 .Pa.- Coast 3)U«
-• I, & P \v 11 ; Nor * W prefd... 6S^
<o Pacific 3!^»i
CLOSING HO^•t^!^.
V S In res 1001J Colo Southern 4«.. S!>
•■■ ".? Reg 109 MX i I 2d« K%
I>o Sa coup 109 , Do 4s M
Do new 4s re*...l3f> l i N V Cent Ists 110%
Do new 4s coup, ISO 4.V .1 Cent gen r..«..i2;
I<o old 4s refr 112*; No Carolina C* i L'7' 3
I>m old 4s cuup.. .113*4 Do 4s ..104
iv> 6« res 112?* x.i Pacific Ists 113
Do as coup 112^4 t Do ?s «7«{i
Dlst of 1: 3.65b . 119 ' Do 4f.. Ki:,i,
Alabama class A..113Vi S V C * St 1, 45. ..107%
Do class B 110 Nor & W con As... f<f,'i
Do class c ickj • Do gen m 122
Do currency 100 Oregon Nay 1*t5...114
Atchlson K<n 45....1i>2^ Do 4s 103
Do ad] 4f m Oregon SI- 65.. ..,.132
'anada So 2de 11l 1 Do con in llf.'j
"heg & Ohio .... n«"i Heading gen 45.... n^,
Do I* U»}4 Rio O W Ists 100 7 ,
rhi .<:■ X\v con 7- 144 St I. & I M con :.«.iii'«
I>o S F deb u5....u:."i! st L a- B X gen te.126
Chicago Term 48...'i0?y > Paul con '.....no
l>n & Rio g Ists.lo6 .- i' & i 1 i.-is...i:'4
r>o Is.. iosy !.' > U4
E T v 8 (i lat»...loSVi Bo Railway - r .s Ill's
Krie gen if 73 Stand H i T 6*... S6
F W .* li C Ist?... Mi fenn new set 3a... 98
Sen Electric ."is. ...MIS Tex &■ Pao Ist* — U4'i
OH &SA 6s 113'; I'" 2ds 55
Do Ms IOSi» Union Pacific 4s...l n *'i
M .<; T <• 5s 112 at ash lets.. .. 11U«
1 1.1 ,■■lll ns 101 Do 2ds wo
town Cent Ists in 1 ; Weal Shore 4- ;'•«
l< c P & 1; igti . . 614 Wla Cent Ist*. ... 77* i
i.l.a new con 4 - lin', Vh C«-n<urie;» S.»H
'.. .■>.-..«.. ■'-> ' Do Deferred S"i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
I Money— .West End !'2'.a
I '.'all loans .....3 (£4 I Do prefd, ex-dIv.HS
Time l«anr 3!ik .'i {Vesting! puse El.. 4'.t' a
: Slocks- ' Do prefd <>•<
i v Ii Top & St IV 17*4 Brooklyn R T HT 1 -
Do prefd ... A% ■ '••'■" -
American Sugai '■':' > Atehlson *< i°-
Do prefd 1 IS Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 34') Adventure 11
Boston & Albany.M'SS Altouez ■•••■.... »'-
Boston Elevate'd.';'.lfl7H Atlantic 31>.j»
Boston & Maine. : . Boston & M0nt....34X
'hi Bui & Q >:il Uutte & Boston — 75
K«I Elec 111 ■-'"' Calumet & Hecla..7S>s
Kite hburg prefd .v. 117 Centennial 351 i
Gen !■!•■■■ preid....H7<> Franklin l s i
Federal Reel . , .;.:-, Hutnbi - T i
Do prefd s::\ > >-■ • ola ■•■■• v *
; Mexican Central... 13 Parrott S3
i Michigan Te1....... 99 Qulncy ISO
I Old Colony, ex-dlv.2o2<6'Santa Fe Copper." 12
: 01.l Dominion.. 39 " Tamarack 21*
i:i>.t..-r ; : , Winona 14
Cnlon Pacific 40% (Wolverine 44',
Union I«and 71*1 Utah 41\
MINING STOCKS.
Chnllar 2"> Ontario * 00
Crown Point 'jr. ■ >phir- M
Con Cal & V... i -;:. Plymouth in
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 ""
Gould & Curry . . . SO Ho prefd 6 ?>0
Hale & Norcross.. T\" Sierra Nevada. , . C
Homestake 60 •«, Standard 2 10
Iron Sil\ er ."5: Union Con 35
Mexican 40' Yellow Jacket 35
DIVIDEND DECLARED.
NEW* YORK. June 16.— ["he director* of the
Federal Steel Company have declared a <iuar
terly dividend of 1 iier cent en the preferred
stock and I 1 per cent on the common.
SHIPMENT OF TREASURE.
NEW YORK, June IS.— The steamship Cam
panir». sailing for Europe to-morrow, will take
out 167.000 ounces of silver.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram say*:
Politics keeps the market here idle and opera
tore fear that the dull time may extend
through the Bummer. the holiday ■-• ison be
ing ..! hand. The only section showing ani
mation was that of the Australian miners.
Americana were stagnant at parity till 2
O'clock, when New York bought Reading lst»,
advancing;' the lists slightly, but sold Denver
preferred The close showed the majority
fractional losses. Spanish 4s were 65V4-
Coppers were active and strong, the metal
clique buying on the decrease of S.'.o tons In
the visible supplies. Anacondas were 10 7-lti;
Tintos, 4S-V Silver was 27 13-16
CLOSIXG.!
LONDON, June Canadian Pacific, 99>i;
Northern Pacific preferred. 7T&; Union Pacific;
7ti' 2 for preferred; Grand Trunk, 8; Anacon
da. 10%.
Har silver, quiet. •_•; 13-lCd per ounce.
'.Money, % per cent.
BRADSTREETS FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June 16.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Strength and
weakness have alternated In the week's specu
i latlve movements, Manipulation, however, ap
| peared to be mainly responsible for the ad
i vances and bear selling and demand realizing
|of profits by trader? for the declines, l'rofes
i sional Influences were predominant and the
. public' s share In the purely speculative mar-
I ket continues to be small the confident points
which have been In circulation about the large
interests being committed to the bull side and
planning to cause a further genet advance o£
! prices having failed to Ing on any appie
: rial. l., outside" participation. The decline in
; exchange mtes and me checking of the gold
! exports have to a certain extent affected the
i tone of ' lie market favorably.
| The Investment demand for bonds and prime
i investments is of the same lam.- and eager
kind heretofore noted. Tills week ha seen
advances in a number of higher grades of bond
1 Issues, with new records in the quotations for
! them. The same tendency all 1 lias an effect
on dividend paying stocks. On the other hand,
' uncertainty in repaid to the crops and the out
i come a.= to railroad tannage and earnings is
! -till sufficiently prominent to exert a re
! Htrictive itifluf-nce "ii speculation. The irreßu
j larity in crop estimates m this portion of the
' year is rather more pronounced than for some
■.■.i^t. and is In many quarters consld-
I ereU a good reason for waiting "ii the part of
I the large speculative Interests. Some of the
i latter have Indeed given support to their spe
cialties, but others have been active on the
bear side, although In all operations of that
character at present the' disposition Is to cover
for small profits. Europe has not been a factor
in .air rrarkets, the London participation being
I small her? and equally divided between buying
i and selling. There have been no surprises a.s
I to earnings or dividends, although the street
' is waiting developments of some kind In con
! nectlon with the Vanderhilt properties and also
! hears thai favorable results are to be looked
ior In regard to the anthracite coal properties.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, June 16.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
Weather and crop conditions figure to 8
greater extent than usual this week, not only
in the domain of actual distribution, but in
their . effect on values of staples, particularly
agricultural products, a majority of. which are
i higher. Noteworthy in this respect is wheat,
! which has advanced on Government and other
reports, pointing, according to some, to 560.000.
--000 bushels, and by others rated as low as
500.000,000 bushels. The possibility i!« also pre
! center! of spring wheat, for the first time on
; record, equaling if not exceeding In yield that
• of the winter sown grain, owing to the severe
i weather last winter and insect damage to the
; latter crop since then. Particularly helpful,
however, in advancing prices have been the
i reports of widespread damage to the Russian
j crop, less glowing spring wheat reports from
the Northwest, and tentative estimates of the
I world's crops pointing to 250,000,000 to 350.000.
--■ 000 bushels smaller than in IS9S. Oats and other
i small cereals have sympathized with wheat,
I particularly as acreage and condition figures
; point likewise to diminished yields. Hog pro
i dusts have shared the strength of cereals, but
: cotton remains unchanged, notwithstanding re-
I ports of decreased acreage and very fir i*. con
j ditions in the manufactured goods trad", rath
] <-r reflecting, in fact, reports of improved crop
| conditions at the South as the result of the
; breaking of the dry spell in the Gulf States.
I The crop, however, is still backward. Ad-
I vices as to the distributive trade are in the
main very favorable. Hot weather has Ftlm-
I ulated retail business and orders for fall de
-1 livery Hie reported in larger volume and
i earlier than for years past. At some centers.
I 111 fact, less than the usual effect Ik looked
j for in seasonable midsummer influences. This
is, however, best Illustrated in the iron and
steel trade, which displays unexampled ac
tivity as regards Bummer production and con-
I sumption, limited only by the obtaining; of
I supplies. Advances along the line are In the
futures trade. Predictions of a further ad
l vane* in the price of rails are made, based
upon the fact that old contracts at very low
i rates have now been nearly filled. Notwith
standing these advances, there is still some
ex;. ..it inquiry, »nd a feature reported has
been .one ,on Continental account for Ameri
can coke. Iron ore shipments, although the
[ season is three weeks late, nearly equal those
Of a* year ago. Long abandoned Western
i mines are being reopened and shipment of
| Alabama steel and Texas pig Iron to Pitts
burg disprove the truth of the. old proverb
that there is little profit in "carrying coal
to Newcastle."
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2,739.471 bushels, against 3,158.
--047 last week, 4.3:»6.T97 In the corresponding
week of 1898, 5.547,318 in 1597, 3,220,177 in 1536
and 2.857,307 in 1895.
Since July I, this season, the exports of
I wheat aggregated 215.C22.954 bushels, against
I 225t272,533 last year.
Bank failures Dumber 150. against ITS last
week, 207 in this week a year ago, 226 In lS <7
265 In ISM and 231 In 1598. '
i Canadian failures number 23. asalnst 19 last
i week and in this week a. year ago, 34 in 1537,
| 26 in IS9B and 30 in 1895.
.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, .Tune 16.- R. G. Dun & Co.'s
; weekly review of trade will nay to-morrow:
| it is on* nt the frequent paradoxes of busi
ness that th« one thing which now makes
I prices rise is the only thing that clouds the
: future. They rise In iron and wheat because
| scarcity is feared, but the scarcity. if pro
longed and real, would much impair pros-
I perity. In wheat it doea not seem to be real
: nor In Iron lasting;, and meanwhile other elel
ments of prosperity continue potent. It la a
great thine In the. month's markets that ex
ports of gold have caused no apprehension be
cause recognized as mere borrowings by for
-1 eign bankers, th* May return of foreign com
merce showing exports 121,000.000 larger thnn
imports. In spite of a decrease of :.:> cents In
j the export price of wheat and a large increase
iln imports. In eleven months the excess of
i merchandise exports have been J495.000.000 and
the bankers estimate that $2*0.000.000 worth of
securities have been returned from Europe
with so few in recent months that the amount
remaining to be dislodged is probably small
The scarcity of Iron Is real, in spite of the
greatest production ever known In this or any
other country— 2s6,o62 tons weekly June i,
agulnst 250,095 May 1. Storks wer<> reduced
7091 tons In May, Indicating. a consumption
of 1,150,?66 tons, ajalnst 1,000,000 per month
. last year, the frreatest ever known. Consum-
I ing demand does not seem, 'to diminish, and
appears great": 1 because It falls upon works
crowded for months ahead with contracts at
lower prices, but some, of It is speculative and
would cease with prospects of lower prices.
With more furnaces going Into blast— ten last
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JINE 17, 1809.
month production will overtake th* demand
after s time and the largest buyer* of fin
i ished product for Implements and enr works
! an. l railroads »re taking nothing to cover next
year's needs. Pig iron has been Irregularly
strong at the Kast and at < 'hi. -alto and
unchanged at Pittsburg, while finished prod
ucts averaged :■ . per cent .higher, plates, bars,
' pipe and rails sharing the advance with de
■ mand for structural forms find sheets beyond
the capacity of works. Even In nails a 2 per
cent discount on quick payments is stopped.
Woolens gained a little further advance in
; clay worsted* and indigo blues, with a gener
ally strong demand and works well engaged
! ahead. But dealers face the stubborn fact that
| consumers accustomed to cheap grades make
every advance oifflcult. and mills appear to bo
buying very little In the markets which are
counting largely on a rise in wool. Sales,
mostly between traders, have been in two
nv»l(^ iti.247.T00 pound.", including 13,587,300
pounds domestic, hut until speculation halts
! will Indicate nothing as to consumption, nor
Is anything known of the stocks actually held
1 by mills.
Wheat reports by the Government seem to
mean just what anybody wants them to mean, <
but the Produce exchange interpretation of the j
June report Is that the 68,( 10.01 ■ bushels mean :
. no greater decrease In vleld than may be bene
ficial, both to growers and consumers. With
probable additions to stock in the last crop,
i' would provide for exports of nearly 200.00(1.- ,
'■■■ bushels, and foreign prospects, though by
no means wholly cheering, scarcely warrant ex
pectations of a demand as large. The price ■
has risen .1 cents but much prudence Is shown,
for Western receipts of 10.202.189 bushels in
two weeks, against 2.684, bushels last year,
1 discredit short crop reports, and foreign ex- I
: ports of 4,555,313 bushels, flour ineiuded, against i
8,655,683 bushels last year, do not Indicate j
great needs abroad. '.
failures for th» week have been 136 in the \
United States. ngainFt 233 last year, and IS
i in Canada, against 20 last year. j
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 16.— FLOUR—
13,900; exports. : : 900. Firm and fairly active
on spring grades and steady otherwise. Minne- j
sota patents, $4f/4 20; Minnesota bakers', $3 10 j
©3 2.'-. i
j WHEAT Receipts, 23.100; exports. 163,200.
! Spot, easy. No. 2 red, S4>;c f. o. I>. afloat;
No. 2 red, 82% c elevator; No. l Northern ;
' Duluth, M»ic f. <> b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth, j
! B.SV 1 "- o. b. afloat. Options opened easier !
following big Northwestern receipts and lib
eral Argentine shipments. Realizing: was ac
tive on the break and except for a midday
rally on covering, constituted one of the most
depressing factors all day. Finally the mar-!
i ket rallied slightly again on covering and
closed steady at '.'u''..- net decline. July closed .
S2-V': September. 82V4@83^c closed >: '-.•■■; De
cember closed S3*4c.
HOPS— Steady.
\V( >I. Steady.
METALS— The week draws toward a close
with lead alone showing the least sign of j
strength Business was dull to-day and the
market quite featurf-lesfv News from the West
and London lacked stimulating properties. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON Warrants, entirely nominal at
$13 CO.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, JIS 23 bid and 115 50
I asked.
I TlN— Quiet. $25 BO bid and $23 70 asked.
j LEAD Firm. $4 50. Brokers quote lead at
54 25 and copper at $18 25@1S 50.
SPELTER— Dull and nominal at $t) 25.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
Ito 5 points higher. Bales, 20,000 bass, includ
ing: June, $4 60; July. $4 60<g4 6.".; August,
(4 fi. r ,f74 70; September, $4 SO; October, $4 StMg
,$4 So. Spot coffee Rio, dull and easy: No. 7
! Invoice, .Vie; No. 7 jobbing, 6%c. Mild—ln
active, barely steady. Cordova— 13c.
SUGAR— Raw, easier. Fair refining. 4 l-16c;
centrifugal, i>i test. 4^ic; molasses sugar. 4c.
Refined, firm and active.
BUTTER -Receipts, 5600* packages; steady.
. Western creamery, 15@18Hc.
EGGS— Receipts, 7500 packages; market firm
er. Western. 14®14Hc
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 16.— California dried
j fruits, dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 'iVgTc;
prime wire tray, B*4@SV4c; choice, B>4®B%c;
! fancy, '.< r u .< Z v.
PRUNES— 3Vi@S',ic.
APRICOTS Royal, Me; Moorpark, U@lßc.
PEACHES !o©l3c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 16.— Wheat showed a decided
weakness at the start. September opening at
from 77Vci7 v . compared with yesterday's clos
ing prices of 7S'--c. Traders were evidently
much disappointed at the poor response of Eu
] ropean markets to yesterday's advance here.
i Liverpool, which showed up well at the pen
| Ing there, reported only about %d advance at
I 1:30 p. m. Paris was up only s©lo centimes.
The sluggishness of the foreign markets
strengthened the suspicion formed yesterday
that European crop damage reports were prob
ably somewhat exaggerated. Domestic n^ws
as a rule was fully as bearish as the foreign.
Selling on a iirsf scale commenced shortly
after the opening, and with the exception of
temporary interval" kepi up throughout the en
tire session. Many of yesterday's big buyers
dumped their wheat back. About II o'clock
there was a let-up in the liquidation, due to
the better tone of closing Liverpool cables, and
September rebounded to 78'fec, the high point
of the day. The market soon after became ex
tremely heavy on persistent selling. September
finally getting down to 77!£c. It rallied to 77% c
i at the close.
Corn as n whole was firm, but showed s.me
' sympathetic weakness with wheat. September
closed (»c lower. :■ .
': Oats were quite active and firm for Septem
i ber, but rather weak for July. September
closed a shade higher.
Provisions were slow all day. T/oriß-s let go
to some extent on the wheat weakness and
lower hot: prices, selling being heavy enough
to cause some recession In prices. At the close
: •September pork was 3@7'?c lower, September
' lard So lower and September ribs 2H@sc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
SeptenibT '.. 7*;%, 77U 7i>',i 77* i
September 7<"'« 7S*4 ''*■} ~l\
December 19% 80 78% 7:" 4
« •.•rn No !
July ..'.....'. -■ 35*4 34' 35
September - : i •':.'', 34», 34"i
December 34 1 * S4Vi 53% 34'»
, i>ats No. 8—
July :.;...'.r 24S 244 24^. 24*
September 21 « 22 21% 21 T 6
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July R 2.*. S 25 * 17' 4 S 20
September 840 S 42', 835 S4O
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 5 r,2' 2 5 024 00 5 00
September 5 17', 5 17',i 515 615
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 4 67% 470 4 «7', 470
September 4 VIVi 4 824 4 B<> 4 82*4,
! 'ash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 3 spring wheat. 75 / i e; No.
2 red. 77V'7:- : ,. ; No. 2 corn, 33<-,c; No 2 oat»!
2C@26Vic; No. 2 white. 29V4c; No. -i white. 27U,fl
29c; No. 2 rye. 60c: No. 2 barley. :',f,'-y ft ■'.%■: No.
1 flaxseed, SI 05; Northwest, $1 07: prime timo
i thy seed, $2 35: mess pork, per barrel $7 4(V(?
8 20: lard, per 100 pounds, $4 90<&5 02%; short rib
sides, loose, $4 50&4 80; dry salted shoulders,
boxed, 4%(S4T»c; short clear sides, boxed, $4 95
•fro; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gal
! lon, $1 25: sugar, cut loaf, unchanged; clover,'
contract grade, $6 60.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
, Flour, barrel!" 9,000 7,OfX)
Wheat, bushels" 7f',A.iO aI.OCKI
Corn, bushels 402.000 623,000
! Oats, bushels 280,000 180,000
Rye. bushels 700 > fiOO
Barley, bushels 13,000 2.00')
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market wax firm; creameries, lS'^^rlSc; dairies,
lOfflS^c. Cheese, firm, "'i'SSVjc. Eggs, barely
steady, 12V;®12Vsc ' -, . *.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening fi «i 6 It t
Closing 6<i 6 2H
TARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — June. Sept. -Dec
Opening 19 95 20 45
Closing 20 00 ■ 20 65
Flour-
Opening 42 70 28 00
Closing 42 70 28 20
CALIFORNIA FRUIT MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 16.— Porter Brothrrs Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Cherries-
Royal Anne. 7:.. 'fj.52 20 box: Tartarian, 20c@
$1 65; Republican, 9Oe@s2 10: Rlgerreau, 60c»g)
$1 95; Elton, Si 05*91 60; Eagle. $1; Cleveland
Ulge.rreau. $1 06493 10; assorted, 75c'n»> 50.
Apricots— Royp.l. $1 35© 2 30 per crate; Mont
i garnet. $2. Prunes— Slmoni, $1 35«?2 30 crate: :
Tragedy. $1 4001 90. Peaches— Hrlggs, 60c box;
Alexander. 60w75c; Eulatis. Ssc- Kale's Early,
! 86c; Peaches. $1 35. Plums— Abundance. $1 35
: per crate; Olyman, 7SCOSI 30: Burbank, $1 400
2 25; Royal Hetive, $1 2u'u 1 25.
Earl Fruit Company: Apricots— Royal, Si 85
I (37 25. Plums— Burbank, average $2 01; Abun
; dance, average SI 67; Clyman. average SI 09.
i Prunes- Simon!, average SI 89. Peaches— St.
John. $1 40©l SO box; Hale's Early. 96c; Alex
ander. 6o®9uC. Figß— boxes, average SI 50.
NEW YORK, June 16.— Earl Fruit Company
' California fruit snles:
Blmonl Prunes. SI 5001 65 single crates: Bur
bnak Plums, $1 7.>^2 20; .Abundance Plums.
,SI 2. r >'cil 80; Tragedy Prunes, $1 30(51 95; Royal
' Apricots, $1 0501 sr,: Moorpark, $1 23; flyman
Plums, Ssc{?sl 25: Royal Hetlve, 85c3?5l 15;
Alexander Peaches, 60c@$l; St. Catherine
. Plums, average $1 03.
BOSTON, June 16.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold fruit at auction to-day at the following
I prices:
Royal Apricots, single crates, average $2 03;
Clyman Plums, $I^l SO. average SI 36: Alex
ander Peaches, boxes, 75c@$l 10, average 9lc;
i five cats sold to-day.
PHILADELPHIA. June 16.— The Earl Fruit
1 Company sold California fruit at auction to-day
i at the following prices:
Royal Apricots, single crates, average $1 9G:
• Tragedy Prunes, average >1 "I; Abundance
Plums, average $1 41: St. Catherine Plums,
I average $1; Clyman Plums, average SOc; Royal
I Hetlve, 81c; Alexander Peaches, boxes, 75c&'
$1 10. average 91c; three cars sold to-day.
EASTERN^ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
I CHICAGO, June 16.— CATTLE were steady.
Good to fancy, $5(35 66; commoner grades, $4 40
<54 95; feeding cattle, . $3 Z54f6; bulls, cow« ■ and
heifers, $2(g's 20, the latter for" choice heifers;
Western steers, $4 6608 35; Texans, $3 90^5;
calves. $5 25<f?-7.
HOGS— Trade was fairly active at an early
; ,> r |ipo or about 2'ic. Lights. $3 70fT3 90; mixed.
is 3 705i3 77U, and heavy, $3 6902 87 V»; pigs, $3 30
' 03 7.i: culls, «l .*o(fz3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts were light. Sheep. $3 2a®
I 5 26 for common to good: yearlings. $0 25@5 So;
clipped lambs, $406 10; Colorado wooied lambs,
16 60 for prime. Spring lambs sold at $S 50@
I 7 6.'.
Receipts— 2500; hogs, 31,000; sheep, 8000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 16.— Clearances, $240,
--', 301; balances, $33,617.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June 16.— There is noth
ing new in the wheat situation locally. Quota
tions are 58%@59Vic for Walla Walla, with
• Valley easy at B9ig'6oc, and no special demand
' for Bluestem at 60@6:c.
There Is not very much offering at these fig
! ures, but about 1 or 2 cents more would bring
out considerable wheat. .'.■'
Cleared— German steamer Taifu, for Vladl
j vostok, with 20.000 barrels flour.
WASHINGTON.
; TACOMA, Wash.. June 16.— There Is nothing
! of particular interest In the groin trade as the
week draws to a close. Heavy receipts were
i the only feature Of the week. Prices are
steady at 5Sc for Club, 61c for Bluestem.
FOREIGN MARKETS. •
LONDON, June 16.— Consols, 10S 11-16; silver,
j 27 13-I6d; French rentes, lOlf 37 1 *.-; wheat car
-1 goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
j sage, sellers asking advance of 6d; English
! country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, June 16.— Wheat, dull; weather
in England, fine. .-
I COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. June 16.— Wheat— Spot No. 2
; red Western winter, dull. 6s Id: No. 1 red
' northern, Duluth. dull. 6s 3'id. Futures— Firm;
'■ July, 6s >id; September. fin 2%d.
1 *■
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
■ Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ;.. — $4 «ri, 3
| Steeling Exchange, sight — iB9 |
Sterling Cables — ' 4 fey
! New York Exchange, sight — ;•.'..
■ New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15 " i
; Mexican Dollars — 49»A1g00 '
! Fine Silver, per ounce — " 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT- Chicago opened with a firm market, J
I the foreigners buying freely. An advance was
started by buying against foreign acceptances
. and Cudahy's covering of early sales. The
! Continent continued to send bull cables. I^ater
on, however, the market weakened under local
Belling and raiding.
The local market weakened off in sympathy
j with Chicago.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 (Hi',;*l 0?%; milling,
| $1 10(f?l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
ctis. SI 19%.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $115'«;
2000, $1 19H; 2000, $1 19?},.
Regular Morning Session — — 12,000
! ctls. $1 19%; 6000, $1 19%.
Afternoon Session December — 4000 ctls, $1 19%;
4000. $1 19%. May— 2ooo, SI 23.
BARLEY— is rather firm than otherwise,
i but new is weak and quiet, with a disposition
: to offer at lower prices for near future de
-1 livery.
I Feed, $157 1 07%; Brewing, $1 07%@l 10 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new— I
4000 ctls, 82% c. December— 2ooo, 86% c.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, I,'-;1 ,'-;
2000, ■*•■'-,• . 20C0. 86% c: 2000, S6%c: 2000, S6'^c.
1 Seller '99. new-— 2ooi>. 82% c; 2000, B2?;C; 2000, 83c.
OATS— Milling descriptions are firm, as the
i millers are after Oats, but feed sorts are neg
j lected and easy.
Fancy Feed. SI 45®1 50 per ctl; good to choice. !
$1 40<51 45; common; $1 32%®1 37 1 ,;!; Surprise, i
i $1 50®l 55; Gray. $1 37'^®1 42%: Milling. $1 45fa |
ISO per ctl; Red, $1 82%®1 87%; Black, «1 30'tf.
1 32%
CORN— DuII and unchanged.
Small round Yellow, $1 30^1 S3: Eastern large
Yellow. $1 I2 1 -; White. $1 16; mixed. $1 10 per
Ctl; California White. $1 17V.Q1 22U.
97%c©$1 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $3 60<53 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40<f?3 50: Oregon
and Washington, $3 40fj2 45 per barrel for extra,
$3 :•'(:'. 40 for bakers' and $2 20®2 60 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol- !
| lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
I Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75- Rye !
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; I'ornmeal, $2 50: ex- ■■
■ tra cream Cornmeal. J3 25; Oatmeal. $4 5(K34 75;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 251j3 50; Buck-
Wheat Flour. $Va'A 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75:
j Farina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, S3 50; Rolled
! Oats (barrels), $6 55@6 95: in sacks. $6 35@6 75;
I Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
I $5 per 100 rbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market continues to creep up slow
-1 ly. The local dealers are after supplies, as
I they have held oft si» Jong that their barns are
; empty. There is an unusual scarcity of Alfalfa, j
; and as it is wanted it Is selling relatively :
I higher than grain Hay.
Bran and Middlings are unchanged but easy
BRAN 50917 per ton.
MIDDLINGS per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $22 50^23 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J27ijj2B; Job
bing, $2S 60<f29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn
meal, $23 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $24^25; Mixed
i Feed, $]s®lS; Cottonseed Meal, $24@26 per ton.
; OLD HAY -Wheat. $10(gll 60 for good to
. choice and $5<S9 60 for lower grades; Wheat and
I Oat. $SSIO f.O: oat, $7©9 60; Barley, $6@3; Al
; falfa. $5 oO!§7 60.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $R«10: Wheat and Oat
I JB®9; Wild Oat, $7@S; Alfalfa, $5 50®7 60 per
I BTRAW— 2S?SOc per bale.
BTRAW-23if50c per bale.
BEANS ANT) SEEDS.
The market continues Inactive at unchanged
quotations.
BEANS— $1 40@l 50: Small White, $2@ '
2 07H; Large White, $1 5061 65; Pinks, $1 6549
1 85; Reds, $3 40; Blackeje, $«®4 10; Butters, :
' , nominal; Llmas, «3 W&4; Pea, $1 Ss®2 15; Red j
Kidneys, $2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Tellow i
Mustard, 2%®3e: Flax, nominal: Canary Seed. '
; 2\c per Ib: Alfalfa, 9®94c; Rape. 3<&3y.c; '
i Hemp. 4Vi®4'4c; Timothy, 4\@s'4c.
DRIED PEAS— Mies. $1 DOgl 90; Green, $1 75 I
, 62 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions did better. Potatoes ranged about the
) same. There was no particular change In j
j Vegetables.
POTATOES— New Peerless. $1 4001 S5: new
Early Rose, $1 35@1 50; Burbanks. $1 40' a 1 85 per
ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS — New. 35<ff50c per sack for red and j
I per ctl for Silversklna.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 60c??$l 25 per box I
I for No. 2. $1 6001 7."> for No. 1 and $2 for
j fancy. Rhubarb, 15090 c per box; Green Peas, !
V<f(a2 l &c per Ib; String Beans. I'g3c for Green.
I 4(55c for Refugee and 2®Bc for Golden Wax:
Horse Beans, 40060 c per sack; Cabbage. Jl;
Tomatoes, $1 50@2 2." per box: Mississippi Toma- |
toes. $1 50: Egg Plant, 10@12'/4c per Ib; Garlic. I
2!ST4c for new; Dried Okra. 15c. per Ib: Dried i
Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers. 10ti'15c: Carrots.
30@40c per sack; Sacramento and Marysvllle
Cucumbers, 50c(5'$l per box: Summer Squash, !
25'afi0c per box for Vacaville and 1101 25 for j
Bay; Green Corn, 10025 c per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Prices showed little change, but the market
was quiet, owing to the recent receipts from
the East. ■ •
POULTRY- Live -Turkeys, HKOI3C for Gob- ]
biers and 12V4@13a for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$I@l 25; Goslings. $lifl 25; Ducks. $4@S tor old
and $4 50©6 for young: Hens, Jr. SWB 50: young
Roosters, S6flS; old Roosters. $5 50^6: Fryers.
$4 5005; Broilers. $364 for large. 1202 60 for
I small: Pigeon*. $1 5092 per dozen for old and
i $1 60<gil 75 for Squabs.
Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Both Butter and Eggs are dragging, thp de- ;
i mand being slack. There Is no decline as yet. '
but the disposition Is to sell. Cheese continues ]
weak, with ample supplies.
BUTTER—
I Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lsV£@l9c; sec
onds, l7V4@lßc.
Dairy— Fancy,- 17?f17>4c: good to choice, 16.5J) I
| ■16Vic: store, 14©15 c per lb. ; - :,, :,■■;■
CHEESE— mild v new, Sc; old, 7Hc;|
' Young America. 9@loc: Eastern. lSfiloc.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@17c for store and 19@20c
; per dczen for ranch; Eastern, 16@17c for No. 1
and 14@15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
• Peaches, $20 for frees arid J"i) for clings; Apr{
' cuts, $30<g50 per ton, according to size, quality
and district; Bartlett Pears. $40(545 per ton;
■ I Green and Yellow Plums, $15 per ton.
: Peaches cleaned up on the wharf for the first
: time for some days. There was no advance, but !
: ' the tone en* the market was better. A steadier I
I feeling is expected for a few days, as the small i
. i early Peaches, which have been so weak, are !
, ' about out of the way.
Apricots continue firm at unchanged quota- I
I tions. Stocks of Plums are rather lighter. !
I Apples are in large supply and slow, and the
seme may be said of green Pears.
I The Berry market is well supplied, but ar
-1 rivals sell off well, and. there is no accumula- j
1 tion of stock. Gooseberries are almost gone.
i Oranges and Lemons are firm, but Limes are
I quiet and easy.
Crabapples appeared, but nobody wanted
them.-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 25f40c per small and Boc@sl per large
I box and I"«T35c per basket; Crabapples, 50c per
box.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, nominal; Blackber- .
riff, $4?6 per chest; from Fresno. M©6oi p#l
crate; from Newcastle, 40®«Qc; Strawberries,
$6ru9 per chest for small and $3'?/ 4 fur laf^e
berries; Raspberries. $697 per '' l "-<-' Newcastle
Raspberries, Ssc per crate; L.imii Ben •< 54
per chest. \. -«
Seedless Grapes from rums, $1 50 i' •' crate.
Currants, $4 60^5 SO per ■ i..-i
cherries. «'Vfjsi per box for blacft; Royal
Anne. 7Bc®;i; black, it, bulk, 7*?3<: per Ib
Royal Anne, 7."' 1 ' . cracked Cherries, ' ■•<■
Green Pears. 20®60c -per box, accprding to
size. and"ls@23o per bosket: Bartlatia nominal.
Figs, 75@90c per drawer and 5- -'• pel b»i ' ••<
black ami for white.
Apricots, Ss{?sl per box and lOo<O< per basket
for Royals.
I 'caches, !s®6oc per box and soft?,:.'- per bai
k»t.
Plums. 25©7fic per box; Prunes, 60c® $1 per
crate: Japanese Plums, $1 SO per crate.
Cherry Plums, 15@25c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 5004 per
box; Seedlings, $125(22 25: Mediterranean
Sweets, $2@3; lemons. SI ."002 for common and
$2 50I&3 for good to choice: Mexican Limes.s4tt;
4 60; California Limes, 25050 c per small box;
Pomelos. 50c©$l; Bananas. $1 50®2 SO per bunch;
Pineapples. ?2@'3 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
There is nothing new, but from now on' quo
tations for new fruit may be looked for any
da}-. .
DRIED FRUITS— 6'ie for 40-sO"s, 5c
for GO-60s, 4c for 60-70's, 3%@3%c for 70-80' s>,
2%S3Uc for SO-90's?, 2>i&:%c for 90-100's and
2@2Hc for 100-110" s; Peaches, S>4<&9V4c for good
to choice. 10®10%c for fancy and 14315 c for
peeled; Apricots, 12V..@13c for Royals and 14©
100 for Moorparks: Evaporated App:\3, nominal;
«un dried, out; Plums, nominal, I',,- for unplt
ted and 4V(! t > c for I'itted; Pears, 3!g9c, accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— 3\c for two-crown. 4»ic for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 4U«6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3VsC for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for Ixindon layers: Dried Grapes, 2*; (33c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per st>; Walnuts, s<j?Sc
for hardshell. 10@llc for softshell; Almonds. 8®
9c for hardshell, 12@13c for softshell, 14@lSc for
naoershell; Peanuts. 6®7c for Eastern and 4V»'S I
5c for California; Cocoanuts. J4 :■• ,r
HONEY— Gomb, lOfillc for bright and B(gi»c
for lower RTiidr?; -water -white extracted, 6Vi<3
7c; lißht amber extracted, S'/i'gti'jc; dark, ;>*t
!<1/ fEE swAX-25-g27cp ? rrb.
BEEHWAX-25@27c p«r T^.
PROVISION?.' •
Hams have again advanced.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, So per It) for heavy,
8"-si&»c for light medium, 10%@llc for light. 12c
for extra light and 12'4<S'13c for suKar cured;
Eastern Sugar-tnired Hams, llV4@l2V4c; cali
fonila Hams. 10%®llc; Mess Ueef, $13 per M.I;
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. 515@15 50;
extra prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear, $18 50;
mess, $15!&ir> 50; Smoked Hepf, 12c per Ib.
LARD— quoted at o^4@6^c per Ib for
compound and 6Vj'g.7c for pure; .lair barrels,
pure. 7^c; 10-n> tins, 7>iQSc: f.-tT) tins, SjjSUc
COTTOLENE— 6%@654c; packages,
less than 3' 'o lbs, 1-lb pails. 60 in a case. '••■■:
3-lb pails. 20 In a case. B^ic; B-It> palls, 12 In a
case, S'-e; 10- tb pails, 6in a case, B%c; 5<J-!t>
tin« 1 or 2 in a case. 7T»c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs n<-t, BVsc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7 7 s c, half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7\c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The situation remains unchanged. Wool con
tinues to sell well. Hides are firm at the old
quotations. Hops are nominal.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9>ic; Cowhides,
2 c; Stags, 6V4c; Salted Kip, 9' 2 c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15@16%c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@35c each; short
Wool. 3J(gioc each; medium, Co(jj7sc; lon^ Wool,
SOc-fiJl 25 each; Hor«<e Hides, salt, 52^2 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colt:,. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4&4Vic per It); No.
2, 3&3',-ic; refined, ; grease, 2c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southerns, 7 months. 7'£!»o; Foothill and North
ern free, 11@12%c; Foothill and Northern de
fective. 9@llc; Nevada. 10O13c; San Joaquin
Foothill free. i'fillc; do defective, 7©9 c; Hum
bold t and Mendocino, 15@16c; Eastern Oregon,
ll®l3c for choice and 9@Uc for fair to good.
HOPS— IB3S crop, 13®17'^c per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices for all descriptions are undisturbed.
Hosts are quoted easier, with a slight decline
looked for next week.
Wholesale rates frrjm slaughterers to dealers:
BKEF- 7>-J<SSViC per It) for Steers and 6&@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7<4e: Ewes. 7c per It).
LAMB— Spring, 7U@SV e c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5 1 r»(S". i »c for small, &a;<?ji
' 7 4c for medium and StJa'^c for large; stock
Hotra and Feeders, 4^550; dressed Hogs, 7'»
SM:C.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, . r . ' , li ."."■, c; Wool
Bags, :6@2Bc; San Quentin Hags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Soutbfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 60:
Scotch, J8; Cumberland, $3 60 in bulk and. s9 50
In Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Erk. $14;
• 'annel. $5 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
'".ate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
RlCE— China mixed. $3 75@3 SO: China No. 1.
$4 --,,4 90; extra do, $555 35; Hawaiian, $6@«23;
Japan, $4 28@4 SO; Louisiana. $sit 6 30.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar" Refining Com
pany quote?, terms net rash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6%c;
Powdered, 5} 4 e: Candy Granulated, o^c; Dry
Granulated. 4 c: Confectioners' A. s l c: Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A, 47ic; Extra C. 4-tic;
Golden C, 4Hc: barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels.
Vie more; boxes. He more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS <>F T'R' lOUCE. .
RECEIPTS OK PRODUCE.
For Friday. June 16.
Flour, qr sks 41.«41 Straw, tons 5
Wheat, <tls 522 Wool, bans 23
Barley, ctls 5,28: Pelt?, bdls 165
Oats, ctls 600 Hides, No 737
Mutter, ctls 184 Eggs, dor 14 250
Cheese, ctls 24 leather, rolls 97
Fallow, ctls 220' . inc. gHls 63,7(10
Corn, ctls. East 1,200 Sugar, bbls ] oni>
Bran, sks 67.". Raisins. l>xs '■■■'-,
Middlings, sks .. 640 Quicksilver flk« ]-,
Potatoes, sks ... 17:. Lime, bbls 226
Hay, tons 295
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2,504 Wheat, ctls 493
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 9,050 Flax seed. sks... Sr.;i
Wheat, ctls 2.930 Wool, bales 3JI
Bran, sks 405
Family Retail Market.
Cutt»r. Cheese and Eggs stand about the
same :is last week.
Meats and Poultry show no particular
change, the former still beinr dear.
The Fruit market Is heavily supplied with
Apples. Tears, Plums and Peaches, and there
is no scarcity of the other kinds. Vegetables
.ire also plentiful and about as cheap as usual
at 'his time of the year.
Following is The Calls regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton—
Manuel I ®12 00|?astle Gate.. 59 «0©
Wellington . @10 00 jSouthfleld
Sew Welling- i Wellington ■ ©o en
ton SlO CO poos 8ay.... @ 7 bo
Seattle 8 Ofl© I * VJ
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per ' I Common Efcgs 17 us?;*)
square 4'i'rJ — Ranch "E^gs. per
Do, per roll *«©— dozen ■>"U'3">-
Do, good 35@— Honey Comb per J
Cheese. Cal 100121 It) i 2eis
Lheese, Eastern. .l «<jj.» . Do, extracted.. -I-&10
Cheese. Swiss 80©25 l ' ' giu
Meals, per Jb—
Bacon 12@17 j Pork, fresh LS(»I7
Beef, choice 154J20 Pork, suit... ,7
Do. jfooil 10« ii; Pork, chops.. ' '"i&'o><
Corned Beef — ©10 Round Steak ""^?-
Ham. Lai \2Wq\\ Sirloin Steak, ""lite
Do. Eastern — (gli I Porterhouse, do' 2iii§' > ",
Lard 15 Smoked Beef. "'I2SIS
Mutton 10@15iPork Sausages! "rC&->*,
Lamb 12@lo!Veal ."^©ls
Poultry and Game—
Hens, each CC@B3 /Turkeys, per' lh a ■■,
\ouiik Hoost- Ducks, each.. '"■.„.;,'■"
prs. each GS&SS Geese, each .ji'blisiXo
Old Roosters, Irfsreons. pair StAn
each fillS'To; Rabbits, p,| r I'M
Fryer?, each JKVf-IHare. each..." 15^ jfl
Broilers, each 35i@j0| "* *°
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds. Tb 15020 i Lemon?, doz 10020
Green Apples 6981 Limes, doz '.'.'.'. 10®
Crabapples R&10 Oranges. d0*. ...'." 1^n>3,,
Apricots, per lb.. s@lo Pears, per lb.. <ra t
bananas, doz 2U'fl2j Peaches, per n>.\" 4^ k
Blackberries, per .Plums, per lb ' t'n «
drawer 25a40l Raisins, 1b..." ' " * 1 .^,;
Cherries, per 1b..10A15 Raspberries, per
"urrants. per bz..60566 ' drawer 33'5«0
Figs, per lb 30<jj40IStrawt>errles, per
rJoOFeberrie.«, 1b... . 6® si drawer .. ''■•SSd
Grapes, per n>....2(Vf30 Walnuts. 1b... .!."'. 5
Vegetables- ';
Artichokes, d0z... 20'a. .n Green Ppss. lb 4!ff. ,
Asparagus I-entlls, lb.. " tito i.
Beets, doz 12'(r15 Lettuce, doz.. ' 15Q_
Beans, white, lb.. 4g 5 Onions, tt>... ." -yfy 3
Colored, It) 4® 5 ' Peppers, green" jbr.fi
Lima. lt> 6«J— Potatoes, lb ... -vk '
Cabbage, each....— (ft 10 1 Parsnips, do». . . .' *lKL_
Cauliflowers, each 6010 Rhubarb, per Th ifa c
Celery, bunch s@— Radishes, dz bchi'ioifh'
Cucumbers, . per Sajre. dr. bnchs • > ".rtV3^
dozen tS@SO string Beans. rh 4®,a
Cress, doz bnchs..^'otwZfi Hummer Squash tb 4ffl -
Kg Plant, per lb— «3o Thyme, 1b......'. Va ,,w
Green Corn, per Turnips, dr. 7. lOWn
dozen 1541 35 Tomatoes, lb . 12A1S
FUh. per Tb— . 3
Barracuda 15@— phad 1O(S15
Carp ; 109— Striped Bass .....lSftaj
Codfish 12©15 Smelts '„,-
Flounders 103 12 1 Soles ... " Hwi-
Halibut i:»ffl— i Skates., each ..."10&-
Kinglish — &— I Fomcod 12015
Mackerel -(315 [Clams, gal '.oOM—
Do.- Horse —fa — IDO. hardshell, 100.40050
Perch 'Crabs, each lOS'IS
Pompano — ©41 50 Do, softshell, d0z.25@35
Rockflsh Muesels, qt... 10<312
Palmnn, smoked.. 2(Vo ; — Oysters. Cal, 100..40§50
Salmon, fresh 15#— Do, Eastern, d0z. .25/540
Shrimps b'aioj
THE STOCK MARKET.
_
Business «gs «iul*-t on the morning session
of ihe iig.-id Kxcjiunß'. Hawaiian Commercial
sold at fi(W .■".:"! 60, and Market-street up
i'j Sim 75.
There '• - no particular changes In the af
ternoon.
Mi<;ii?3 stocks wtrt weaker. The telegram
from I Jie pgmp Mid: ' The second elrvnUir is
running tipa-iiiy on one-third time ami Im keep-
Ing ihe water down near the 19CU-foot level
Station, Have begun work on No. i elevator."
ConsolfdflLfeiJ Imperial is assessed 1 cut.
Tha ipj.oii of • . standard Consolidated mlnr
i i.i Bodle for the week ending June in *:« la t <^w
ilibi the usual prospecting work wan don*
i In th* Km vein on the 31S-fiiot \r\r\, m Is"
No. i'uhowed 18 inches of low ►•."■•!■• vi>ln
i- •'•■-. On the same level, In No, 1" \<-ln.
raises Num. ,2. 3, 4 and 7 shown! widths nf
from 14 to 24 Inches of fair grade ■•>■■ «<» fli«
--2.'0-foot level, In the same vein. Milan ,N'n r.
showed 10 inches of fair grad« mo en ihn
hanging wall aide. The norm ilrlft no Dm
470-foot level showed 3 Incnea or pood t*f« 'I '■• I
stopea In the Moyle. New, No, 10, M«e>iii«\
Fortuna, C. and C. and D. v< In yl»M"i " ■•
usual amount of fair to good ■■'■■ th i*
pairs to the electrical machinery liuvlmi; r«"><i
completed, the mill started up on Hip u<"it<
ing of June 9. The usual work •■•.<<• dune 6\tti
ing the week in the Bxcelsim nilim R {
Pine, owned by the Standard «■■.,.■-.:.■
The Standard "has received bullion <■'■•■ > .-«'
$4272 44 from cyanides, being th« Hist pMprrtV-'
en June account.
The Tracy Gold Mining and Milling tittinpan/
of Calaveras County has levied Hti »«o« f i,>f.*
of 5 cents per share. delinquent .lulv 1 5.
The Vallejo Quicksilver Minim ''"Wttstnv '<'
Napa County has levied an in»B«-ecr f ,»r,f bt i
cents per share, delinquent run* a
A consolidation of the Montecllo, KMrl'ne !>r:<l
Goleta mining companies of Mpi r,,,inty tttttt
th» Goleta Consolidated Mini Vanivatt* tut* I
been effected by the election #.f p ht.nrf\ nt \
directors and officer* for th< l»«t t>arr,°r} "V-m-
Pa"V- .The directors are .J»im«-b r. TiVh»r.,. T j
1; br' l , n . dPrwc *"I. Jam "« A. Aleje;,,,'l«>r. Wllllnm 1
McM. Weigel, George I! Vaimtp. f>«MU/
.Shores and 1 1. M. Kent Jam** r -fi'h'iv.T 1
was chosen president: William M- VJ V/«ie*< i
vice president; I). M. K»nt. nrcrrinif, X X ,
(.rant, treasurer and Neiaon* «ip«rTnV*MA«{;^
York, and Hiuh W. Nelson ■
Additional mining dividends for .J.j/.i N**4
been announced as follows:
Bonanza Development. 13th {J 's/.JfA '
Bullion. Beck and Champion, ISfh . , \*Jtti I
centennial Eureka, 15th )•'//,
Central l^ad. 15th \\ ''<//,',
Hoe Hun, 15th iiu,\
Golden Cycle. i8th.....!;.'.;;;;; [ \ \ ' ' ' ] ' ' " luf/J,
Portland. loth i/iv/i]
Silver King. 10th ' S'2»
Smuggler, lit :i~l "" w'wnl
Swansea, 10th ," l',m I
Total . ' *.. '„'
•• fi.-J i,**')Q
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. June I«— 2 p. m.
_, . Bid. Ask. i Hid A*k. |
Bonds— Mutual El C .141 15<4
I4s quar c0up. .114 — Oakland Gas 45V4 47%
j4s Quar re*... _ _ . Pac Gas Imp.. 70 73 ;
■4s nuar new..123»4130 Pac I, Co — 4',
Is »? Uar ,, coup.. - - 3V G & K...i 71% 71*; .
Miscellaneous- San Fran SS i\
Cai-i.tCahss.ll7 - Stockton Gas 12 -
ZC Wat 03. ...111^112%' Insurance—
k. L. & P 6s..ia>% — Firem's Fund 220 —
F & Cl Ky 6s. 1154 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R 6s. 90 99 Anglc-Cal .... - 634
HC & 5H5..102H _ 'Bank of Ca1..275 — !
LA Ry 55.... — Cat S D & T. 97« v.
L A L Co 6b. 1014 — i First Nation; .V" —
Do gntd 68.10114 — Lon P & A.... — 131
L A L Co us. — 102H Mer Exchange — 16
llarket-st 65.. 129 — x cv Xat Bk — —
Do Ist M 55.1163-;i)7^ Savings Banks—
N- CN A 3 R 78.108 - Ger S & L..1600 1650
N Ry Cal Ce.. — 117 ,Hum S & 1,.10 r.i) 1160
NX of Cal ss. — 114 Mutual Say. .15 _
NI>C R X 6s. — — i 8 F Say U.. 600. —
,v Pc R R 6s. — — S. & I, So.. - 86U
N Cal R R ss.Hl — Security SB.— 300 "
Oak Gas Bs.-11l -- Union T Co. — 1465
2 n l-9- R 7 fs - V \ 7 13 ° ' Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 65. 107 — California ....115',i —
P & O6s 117 — (Geary 50 —
Powell-st 65... — Market-st .... 63% 63^i
Sac El Ry os. — — Oak SL&H— " —
SV*- .N P ss. — 116% Presidio — IS
5 F & S JV55.114 ? i115 ! Powder—
Slerraß Cal Ks-i'ttfe — California ....157 170
S I> of A 65.. 113 114 E Dynamite... 90 —
S PC 6s (1905) — 113% Giant Con Co. 74 —
SPC 6? (19061 — — .Vigorlt ;;i ;;-.,
B PC 6s (1912) — — I SuKar-
SPCIs C£ 05.1114 — Hana P C 0.... 173: 13
3 I' Br Ss 124^ — Haw C &-S C.102 —
3 V Wat 65. ..116 117 Hutch S P Co. :: i: ; :1 4 "A
S V Wat 45. ..104% — Kilaupa 8 Co.— 81
3 V "W4s<Mm).lol'<2 — Onomea S Co. 40>; 40«
Stktn Gas 65.. 1024 — I'aauhau S P. 40U {0%
Water Stocks— I Mi«cel!nneou«—
Contra Costa.. 70% 71 A! Pac Assn..H2',i —
Marin Co Mi — uier Ixl Wks.2so —
; Spring Valley. lol* 4 |Mer Xx Assn. <*) —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. $6'; $6%
Capital Gas... — — |)>ac A F A.... :."* 'y.
Central G Co.. — — Ac C Bor C 0.128 130
Cent L & P..— 7 I par Paint Co.. 74 —
L'quit G I, Co. 5% &'; .
Morning Session.
Board—
5 California Street R R iis 00 ;
J3OOO Contra Costa Water bonds 112 On
25 Hana Plantation Co is 00
23 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
100 Hawaiian Ccmmerctal & Sugar 101 50
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 1"1 25
90 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 101 00
3M Market Street Railway 63 75
70 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 25
110 San Francisco Gas & Electric «',..... 71 00
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co ... 71 12*4
$5000 8 W A.- s .1 V bonds 114 75
! 40 Spring- Valley Water 102 00
$3000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mort) 101 75
$500 V S 3 per cent bonds lOx 374
600 Vigorit Powder 3 •■;,
Street
250 Hawaiian Commercial <£ Sugar ICO 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75 '
$44,000 SP.4SJV bonds 114 7:,
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 f'al Safe Deposit 98 00
120 Contra Costa Water 71 00
50 Contra Costa Water 70 75
110 Hana Plantation Co IS 00
120 Hawaiian Commercial ■& Sugar 102 00
35 Hutchlnsnn S P Co 33 S7' 2
20 Market Street Railway 63 62' 2
120 Paauhau S P Co 40 2."
110 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 50
10 Spring Valley Water 101 -T-,
55 Spring Valley Water 10 00
500 Vigorit Powder 3 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 70 00
10 Contra Costa Water *'•-: .
10 contra Costa Water 69 7.">
25 Spring Valley Water 101 75
100 Vigorit Powder 3 37<i
23 Hana Plantation Co is 00
Afternoon Session. I
Board—
r,O Central L.ii?ht & '• uer 6 50
30 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 71 00
10 Market Street Railway 63 DO
15 Market Str* I Railway 63 fi24
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 no
100 Equitable Gas 5 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Equitable Gas 5 25
30 Hawaiian Commercial A- Sugar 100 75
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 71 7*
100 Vigorit Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board
-20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 10125
45 San Francisco Gas & Electric C 0.... 71 25
60 Sprinc Valley Water 102 00
100 Vigorit Powder 3 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco '
Stock Hoard yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Con Cal & Va.i 53 1 100 Ophlr 100 1
100 Crown Point... 29 ( 100 Overman is I
200 Gould & Curry 26 400 Potosl 3g I
100 Justice ..: 18 100 Sierra Nevada. 68 I
Afternoon Session.
SOO Con cal & Va'.l 50 100 Sierra .Nevada. fi<>
100 Mexican 46 500 Sierra Nevada. 1"
100 Overman 17 600 Union con 36 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock \
Board y-ster.ia\ :
I Mornins Session.
; 300 Belcher 361 200 Gould & Curry 2;.,
1 200 Rest & Belcher 4t| 200 Ophlr 102% I
50 Caledonia 88, 2."0 Ophir .... 100
200 Caledonia 65 200 Potoel 36
SOO Challenge Con. 33 200 PotOSl 35
400 Con Cal & V.I 524 100 Sierra Nevada. 67
Afternoon Session.
i 500 Alta 05 400 Mexican 44
; 100 Caledonia fit 100 Ophir .....100 ;
! 100 Caledonia t>2 1100 Ophir 99
200 Caledonia .. 60 200 Ophlr 9S
200 Caledonia 56 300 ( Herman 16 1
300 Challenge Con. 30 800- Potosl 35 1
1200 Con Cal & Va.l 501 200 Savage 22 :
600 Gould a Curry 25 300 Sierra Nevada. SI
300 Gould Jfc Curry 24! 7CO Utah 13
500 Justice 17 1 500 Yellow Jacket. 36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. June 16-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice. - IS
Alta 04 06 Kent uck 03 03
Andes 13 14 r.ady Wash 01 02 I
Belcher 34 SB Mexican 44 . 4.
i B?s>t *: Belcher 31 41 Occidental 21 23
j Bullion 05 OfljOphir 96 PS :
i Caledonia — 57 Overman 16 17
Chollar 24 25' Potosi 33 35 }
Challenge Con. SS.) 34 Savage 22 24
Confidence I*s '. |C! Scorpion — 03 |
Con cal A Va.l 45 160 Seg her.... 07 08
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 64 65
Crown Point... 27 28 Silver Hill .... 02 3 I
Eureka Con — to Syndicate — 05 !
Con New York. 02 03 Standard 2402 50
Exchequer ..... f2 08 St. Louis — 12
Gould & Curry 23 21 Union Con 34 35
Hale & Norcrs 33 3»lUtah IS 14
Julia 02 '« 1 Yellow Jacket. 36 40
Coffins in Russia are never covered with
black. If the deceased is a child pink
is used: if a woman, crimson, though for
a widow they use brown.
THE CALL CALLENDAR.
NOTICE TO MARINERS
N'ntlco [.. hereby given of the foil wing
ehan«re« in the aids* to navigation, which affect
111* Mm of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast,
1 "lumhlil River Light Vessel No. SO-Coast
>.r Oregon; pages 38 nnd 44. (List of Lights and
i'""X Hlkmhl*. Pacific*. Coast] page 22. No TO);
j '"■ ''i'" 111 this vessel was replaced on her sta
tion. ( ,rr 11,,. mouth of the Columbia River.
■'■■'' X I ■'. miles S by W. from Cape IMsap
-1 ■■• '■'■••■ til ll«hthouse
'-'• 11..1. , Wanhlngton, North Criann»l to
M'.'l'il/mm. |,;. e ,. ■: Port side of channel buoy
/;>. r. frii M,,y 17 ihiK buoy was changed from
n nt*t 'lo« «|,iu to a first-class can buoy.
tmihnin Hi mil. Alaska, page Si— Danger
f-.it.t r-'t 1...'.-,- tin. 1. a black third-class can.
if (ft* <rii of iii- reef, was discontinued on
f,V t,r'l*r '.r |l,« . I • house Board.
CEO. C. RETTER.
j (j&ftiatti r s •- , | MO |,nctor Thirteenth Light
»,',-/J» I, '„>,;■>
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
f>.r?M ?t»M* ' ',»«f ami Geodetic Survey—
Tirr,»« »fr4 Ff*»v>« if High and Low
7,'»f»*« •' ?■:" Point, entrance to San
Fran?!* 1 "^ ?:>*■ '■•iMl«h»rl by official au
itf&tliy *' tilt -' ■ ■ »ndent.
jV'TK ■--Th'» r'»". .in^i i'.w waters occur at
*h* tfty t?->nt Wf*jf<Vft'*tri»Bt wharf) about
H»'»nty-r\v* rir.iivr?** i^'T 'hnn nt Fort Point;
fft* r-*ljr"nT Ai* -i.-V ;» >h* »^m« nt both place*.
a ...i i:M;--i.^ iz.v), *.*• 4;4«; :i.i i-n..i| 14
NOTE- the above exposition of the tlv>s
the early morning tld's are glv»n In the ...
hand column and the goccesstve tidea of th<»
day In the order of ocean as to time. Th
second time column given the a^nnrA t!<i? o;
th" day. the third time column rhe third tid«
and the last or right hand column gives tfie
last tide of the day. except where there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur?. Ibe heighM
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the I. eight,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. Th» plane of
reference Is the mean of th» lower low waters
TIME BALL.
Eraich Hydrographlc Office, r. S. N , Mer
chants' Kxchanife, San Francisco, Cal .
June 16, 3599.
The time ball on the tower of thi» new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly r.onn to-da> -
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. X.. in charp*
STEAMERS TO ARRIVES.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Friday. June 16.
Ptmr Queen. Jensen. 69 hours from Victoria
and Port Townsend.
Stmr Celia. Sandberp. 33 days from Panama.
Ptmr Areata, Reed. 4S hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Sunol, I.leblg. 58 hours from San Diego.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett, 33 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Point Arena, Manser,, 11 hour? from
Point Arena.
Stmr Cleone. ] I logins, 16 hour? from Cas
par.
Ptmr Pomona, Parson?, IS hours from Eu
reka.
stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 14 hours from Al
bion.
stmr Celia (outside, bound in).
Br stmr Bristol, Mi [ntyre, S5 hours from TV
parture Bay.
Schr Barbara. Hcrnster, Jensen, 62 hours from
Coquille River.
Pehr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED.
Friday, June 16.
Fir stmr Carlisle City, Aitken. Hongkong,
via San Diego; California and Oriental Steam
ship Co.
Aus stmr Piam, Raicich. Nanalmo; John
Ronenfeld'a Sons.
Bk A Men Besse. Potter. Honolulu; J. D.
Spreckel* A Bros. Co.
Sehr Viking, Peterson, Honolulu via Albion;
J. R. Hanify & Co
SAILED. ££■■:<■
Friday, June 16.
Ptmr Navarro, Gerne, .
Ptmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Ptmr South Coast, Zaddart, -.
Rtiiir Fulton. Levinson, Astoria.
Aus stmr Slam, Raicieh, Nanaimo.
Br ship Andreta, Nickerson, Queenstown.
i Bk Annie Johnson. Nelson, Hilo.
Schr Parkersburg. Jorgenson, Coquille Rtr»r.
I Schr Helen N. Klmball, Guttermsen, Eureka
j and Tacoma. ' -V .-■-■.'
Schr Viking, Peterson, Honolulu, via
; blon.
I Schr Guide, Olsen. Gray» HarlM*k
TELEGRAPHIC . J
POINT LOBOS, Junp 16, 10 p. m.—VrcfLtnir~^>
thick; wind s\\ . velocity S miles.
CHARTERS.
The John G. North loads mdsa for Honoipu.
The A!'r loads lumber at Portland for
China: Laoinene. wheat at Portland for Eu
rope. Ben:,'l>e Is rechartered for wheat to
The Hhh Lee la rephartered for wh»»at to
' BaroM 355. DISASTER.
LONDON*. June Stanley, F. 1., telegraphs
I that the 'hip John R. Kelley, from New York,
for San Francisco, is ashore and will probably
be a total loss.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Celia, from Panama June — First
part of voyage fine weather, light variable*
■ airs until passing Manzantllo: encountered
heavy NW wind and sea. which I carried up
to San Diego, calling there June 11 for coal.
Sailed June 12. pleasant weather until round
ing Point Conception, when met strong: NW
wind and swell lasting 12 hours: after that
carried heavy fog, light SE wind, up to the
lightship.
SPOKEN.
June Sl. at 49 N. long 11 W, Gr ship Mar
sraretha. from Oregon, for Queenatown
June 11 l.at M N. lons 11 W, Br ship Arctic
Stream, from Hamburg, for Port Ix>s Anjjeles
June 12 l.at 49 S. long 16 W, Or ship II F.
Glade, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
May 26— Lat 14 N. lons 23 W. Hr bk Inver
cauld, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— Arrived June 18— Schr Marion,
hence June n.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June i»_Schr
Jennie Thelin, hence May 30. Schr Jennie
Wand, hence June 4.
PORT l.( IS ANGKL.Es?— Arrived June 16-
Stmr Alcatraa. from San Pedro, and sailed tot
San Franc-tsco.
Santa BARBARA— Arrived June IS— Schr
Antelope, from CoqniUe River.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VLADIVOSTOK Sailed June 16— Bk Big Bo
nanza, for . ■ .-^
QUEEXSTOWN-Arrived June 16-Gr shij
Margaretba, from Oregon.
PRAWLE I'OlN'T— Passed June 14— Br bk
Croffel, from Antwerp, for Oregon.
COLON— Sailed June 14— Stmr Allianca, for
New York. .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
ROTTERDAM — Arrived June 16 — Star '
Spaarndam. from New York.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MANY AGED
OFFICERS MAY
BE RETIRED
Several Have Passed
the Age Limit.
iHOREY IS SUPERANNUATED
PENSION LIST SOON TO BE IN
CREASED.
Some Are Anxious to Be Left in Har
ness Till They Have Served
Long Enough for a
tension.
Oakland Office gan Francisco Call,
PIS Broadway. June 16.
Tt is not unlikely that many of the aged
policemen may be retired in a few weeks,
The matter is under consideration and the.
jnly objection to the retirement of several
officers is that it will add materially to
:he pension fund able out of the city
Ireasury.
In addition to Messrs. Barnett, Chase
r.'id Cole, who each draw $y> per moni.i
'rom the pension fund. Chief Fletcher will
be added to the list on July 1. His pen
sion will be $S7 50. I'nder the law at pres
ent in force which provides that a police
man must be GO years of age and must
have served twenty years continuously
before he is entitled to half-pay pension,
there is but one man. Detective Shorey,
a.t present ahle to claim ibis amount.
There ore in the department several
men over sixty years of age. but none of
them have served the necessary twenty
sears. B. R. Phillips is 61 years old. out
has not seen twenty years of regular
service. Frank Greenwald is 63 yea I old
and has seen over eighteen years of rv
!ce. 11. B. Hand is 7'< years old, but lacks
the service qualification to secure a pen
sion. In addition to these there are some
who have seen over twenty years of serv
ice but are not old enough. Captain Wil
fon is ."4. with twenty-seven years' serv
ice. Bailiff Mitchell is 57. P. E. Mines Is
;..". Henry McCloy is 52; Henry Nedder
man is ,V 7. and has served twenty-three
and a half ears. D. W. Swain is 58.
Every member of Ihe police force con
tributes J2 per month to the police pen
sion fund. There ire sixty-one paying
members, and this produces $122 per
month. The pension lift Is now $1! rer
month; after July 1 it will he $237 50 per
month and if Detective Shorey he retired
ho will be entitled to ?.,2 50 ncr month.
There ;ire about six officers who have
from one to four years to serve before
they are entitled to pensions. Should they
be retired at this time on account of the
a?--> limit they would consider it a great
hardship, and the commissioners are un
decided as to whether ■■ is proper to re
tire them now or to allow them to remain
In the service until they shall be able to
;!r?w half pay from the city treasury for
I ■ balance of their lives.
RECTOR LAW'S PAY
MAY BE REDUCED
VESTRY DETERMINED THAT HE
SHALL RESIGN.
The Latest Disagreement Is With His
Senior Warden and Friend,
J. J. Valentine.
Oakland CMRcp Fan Francisco < "all.
.'•KM* Broadway. June I*.
Th» existing differences between Rev.
Marshall Law and his vestry, the details
of which wore published exclusively by
The O:!l one month ago. appear to be !
reaching a crisis. The demand made upon \
the rector last Tuesday for his resigna- |
tion, also published exclusively In this
paper; has been scouted by Hoy. Marshall
Haw and further trouble Is threatened.
The friends of the rector In the vestry
have gradually left him. and now that j
J.^J. Valentine, his senior warden, has
retired. Mr. Law lias » difficult fight on
hand: Although according to ecrl.*siasti
cal law he <\-mnot be removed from his
parish; except for some cross offense, it
is within the power of the vestrymen to
• nt the salary of their rector to a nomi
nal sum and thus starve him out of the
pulpit. This threat has even been made
by one of the church officers.
Dr. Law is defiant. 11 . declares that
many small matters have been magnified,
and that there is no .-.■■•. reason why
he should resign from the Church of the
Advent.
Dr. Law attributes much of his trouble
to Mr. Read, the treasurer. He says Mr.
Head has been a disturbing element for
a lonp time, and pays but ?1 a month for
a whole pe.w in the very best portion of
the churrh. Mr. Head says that when he
pors to ehurrh he wants to hear ser
mons, and not advertisements for patent
health foodaj patent chalices and milies
on everything but the gospel. The trou
ble has been brewing for two years, and
now the churrh is r>-nt entirely asunder,
with those who have supported it on one
side and the rector on the other.
The most s.-nsational incident In the
whole affair was a suppressed "explana-
ion" which the rector announced he
would read to his flock one Sunday morn
ins: several months ago. Dr. Law had
heard disquieting rumors regarding his
habits, and he determined that it was
time to dose the mouths of his accusers.
When Sunday morning came in- an
nounced that he had been advised by his
friends n"t to •earl It. II contents were
known: and it was a very positive denial
on the part of Dr. La that he had used
in any form any drug whatsoever. He
offered to supply all kinds of proofs and
to give any reasonable reward to any
body who could prove otherwise. His
friends assured the rector that it would
be folly to read this statement from he
pulpit "in answer to what they believed
was a lot of foundationless gossip.
Ah the matter stands, the rector's resig
nation has been demanded and he has
boon offered a holiday on full pay til!
October 31. He has so far. declined to
resign and defies the vestry to put him
out.
1 ir. Law says he onor< d Mr. Valentine
by making him senior warden. Mr. Val
entino, acording to the rector, says he
ronld not ne thus honored. The rector
ulso suggests that his salary is very small
and that the wealthy pconle of the
fhurch; while they have done much to
ornament their place of worship, have
docn very little to make their rector's
family comfortable. h
WORK OF A FIREBUG.
No Doubt the Old Barracks Was De-
liberately Fired.
OAKLAND, June 16.— Investigation!
of the old Salvation Army barracks, ■
where fire was discovered at midnight, |
confirms the suspicion that the place was {
prepared for burning by an incendiary. |
In the garrer.were a five-gallon can of |
gasoline; another J gallon an and a gallon
demijohn, all filled with gasoline. The I
five-gallon ran was lying on Its side and 1
had a diamond shaped hole three Inches
long cut In the. upper side. The demi
john had the cork out and the gallon can
had what appeared to be a pii cc of soft
Cough over the orifice at the ton Near 1
the cans were found several lamp wicks '
sewed together with one end burned It I
i* the opinion of Chief Ball that they
originally led to the gallon can of gaso
line, but they were disturbed in putting
out th* fire. h
Thf lower floor of the big building is
occupied by Professor Elsenbach who
hn3 recently obtained a permit from the
Fire Warden to erect a steam plant to j
manufacture chemicals. Fire Chief Ball
pays the incendiary must be some one !
interested in getting the building out of
the ay. as the professor has not a cent j
of insurance on his plant.
Inventor Edison explains how he
hit upon the idea of the electric light
in next Sunday's Call-
DIVORCED MEN
HAVE FORMED A
DEFENSIVE CLUB
A Unique Alameda
Organization.
IT IS OUT AGAINST MARRIAGE
BOASTS THAT IT IS DOING
MISSIONARY WORK.
_____
Fhe President Explains Why
Some of the Members Have
Joined the New
Body.
AI.AMEDA. June 16.— A Lumber of the
men of this city who have made matri-
m ony a failure ami have had their nuptial
ties 'severed by the processes of the di
vorce courts have formed an organization
! with objects practically the same as the
defunct Bachelors' Club.
The Divorced Men's Club of Alameda is
not of very recent origin. Its founder was
the late A. W. yon Schmidt, who mur
dered his wife after the law had stepped
i between them and then took his own life.
■ When Yon Schmidt was first served
. with a divorce complaint he called to
; gether a number of men who had already
' passed through the divorce mill, and sug
i gested that they form an anti-matrimo
j nial club. He admitted they were all
I divorced men, but fully remarked that
! the chances were he would soon be one of
■ them.
When he was legally separated from his
wife he revived the idea and the Alameda
! Divorced Men's Club sprang into life. Yon
j Schmidt was the first president and Ward
Battles was named (or secretary. So
ciability was all the club pretended at the
j start. Then it merged Into a mutual con
i solation combination, and finally It was
advanced thai the welfare of mankind—
i from a divorced man's point of view —
j should be looked after. Every member
i became a self-constituted committee of
! one to dissuade any one suspected of
j matrimonial inclinations from taking a
, step which, to the members of the club,
was so fraught with danger
Yon Schmidt's bloody deed left a va
cancy In the board of officers, which was
filled by the election of Stanley Stephen
i son, a well-known business man, i" the
position of president.
In an Interview this evening with a
' Call correspondent Secretary Ward Bat-
I ties said:
"Yes, we have a Divorced Men's Club
i in Alameda and we have among our mem-
I bers some of the best known men of the
city. We hold regular meetings, at which
we sympathize with those who are mar
ried and congratulate ourselves on Ing
free. Aside from sociability our object
lis to Impress upon mankind the dan-
I gers of matrimony and to give those In
clined that way an opportunity to profit
by our sad and harrowing experiences.
"Among our members are Stanley Ste
! phenson, James Kellenberger. Joseph
: Maristaney, Baron Alfred baroteau, G.
! Lowenthal; John Fay and numerous oth
' . rs. We have ati application on hand
; from Ben Hill, whose wife is suing him
| for divorce.
"Our experiences have been decidedly
I varied. Stephenson's wife did not want
■ him to smoke, and when he Insisted there
i was trouble which ended in a separation.
Maristaney was not satisfied with one ex
! perienee In matrimony, but tried it sev
i eral times before he got enough, and now
; fog j s on e of our most enthusiastic mem
■ bers. Baron Barbteau's wife claimed that
■ <=he paid the honeymoon expenses, and
i kept reminding him of it for several
! years" He go! mud at her and sh.> sued
■ him for a divorce. He made no contest
and has been happy ever since. He Is
1 the steward of our club.
"My wife objected because I made a
: noise* in the ■ liar with a lot of t!7i cans
She thought it was burglars. She caller
i that cruelty, and appealed to the courts
to get rid of me. 1 have no fault to lind
with my present happiness. , ■
"Our club is doing a great deal of good
lin preventing men from allowing their
love to get the better of their judgment.
' Several men who thought of getting mar
-1 pled have ... by our missionaries,
and we intend to push the good work
along. The Divorced Men's Club has
come to stay."
. — ■ ■ — — —
CHIEF FLETCHER'S
IDEA OF CHEESMAN
BELIEVES THE ESCAPE NOW
IN THE EAST.
Nothing to Lead to the Suspicion
That Brooks' Murder Was
in Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco
90S Broadway, June IC.
It is firmly believed by Chief Flel
■ sman is three thousand miles
tri in h< re and that .'ill the talk
being in this nelghl orhood is bai
■ :hief has baa a long and searching
on with Cheesraan's father,
and the facts that he learns warrant him
. ... ■ ing thai Frank ( !h< • sman knows
ire of the Belden Incident than what
he may have read In the newspapers.
When Cheeseman was vii ■ asy
lum a few weeks ago by his father the
latter declared thai his son appeared to
] pei ■ hsible and gave no Intinui
that he n taint d any of I . ;
former Insanity. It is recalled thai when
Cheesman was declared Insane by a Jury
hi ill-- Oakland couri he remarked as he
was being led awa> by the Sheriff, "I .-.:! i
and 111 y> t
e ven « i 1 1 . them yet."
"Cheesman never attempted i" harm
any one against whom he did not Imugi-i"
he !:;•■! ■■' valid grievance." said Cnlef
!'li tcherj "It is trui ma ny i cca -
he i ; led to ci immil suicide, but i h«s
la is very different from a homicidal
The onlj I ■■ ever attack) >1
were Brooks and his stepdaughter, and I
mlnht perhaps Bay thai all the facts in
this ca ■ were nol made known at the
i trial because there was no necessity for
it. Cheesman being declarer] Insane. If
Belden's assailant were Cheesman tho
ax wielder musl have been violentlj !n
--nmi h* 1 would certainly have been
arrested before this, because he wouM
' naturally noi Kivo up till he ha«l satisfied
his desire for blood. If it. were Chee«
and he was enjoying one of his ra
tional periods h e - Is far tqp slirk a fellow
■ to come around this neighborhood, where
he i^-' ? n wi»ll known. There have been no
Cheesman* arrested to-day."
. ♦ .
REMEMBERED "GRANDMA."
Pretty Ceremony at the Home of the
King's Daughters.
OAKLAND. Jim- 16.— At the King's
Daughters' Home for Incurables lh< re
was a very pretty ceremony yesterday. I
it was the eighty-fourth birthday ot\
Grandma Griswqld, the oldest inmnte.
nn<! the occasion was Improved by giving
the old lady a genuine surprise party.
Although there were many young g-ie-.s
:it tli«- ceremony, the must Interesting]
were some of the older inmati ?. Grandma i
Hughes, who has not walked for many I
years was carried Into the banquet chnm- i
i.p'r In the arms of the nurse and en..k:
Grandma Williamson tottered up from
the flr*t floor on two ran^s. refusing ::ny I
holir 4unt Mary Hutchinson tottered
•..tops the hnll tn congratulate tho .igerl
guest of honor, and. in fact, they came j
from all over the house to join In iho I
festivities. There w;is nothing lackinpr; !
even a genuine birthday cake was m.nle !
by Miss Edith Anderson, one of the
nurses The only inmate unable to p«r- j
ticipate v.;is Mrs. Oilman, and her sh.-ire
of [he enjoyment was confined to listen- f
Ing to the singing <>f the happy gathering.
The King's Daughters' Home for Tncura
bles ts at 1317 Sixteenth avenue. Other j
guests were Mrs. Foster. Mrs. Alffeltinirer.
Miss Chenowith, Miss Redding and Mr?.
Kate Simpson.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 1890.
HER LIFE CUT
SHORT BY ONE
SMALL SPLINTER
Penetrated a Little
Girl's Foot.
SORROW OF HER CLASSMATES
HER DEATH WAS CAUSED BY A
SLIVER OF REDWOOD.
Poor "Lulu" Anderson Succumbs
an Apparently Unimportant
Injury — Widespread
Grief.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway, June 16.
A little splinter accidentally petetrat
! ing the righi fool of Lorlne Mary Ander
! son, the 14-year-old daughter of Mr. and
' Mrs. John And.rson. rut short her bright
I young life shortly before midnight last
night, and she died writhing with inde
scribable agonj and lockjaw.
This morning there was a scene in front
! of the cozy little residence at 2013 Linden
j street that tou< bed the hearts of many
passers-by and caused them to wipe away
i a tear as they viewed the throng of a hun
dred classmati a and neighbors' children
! who crowded the pretty rose garden to
attesi tli. ir love and sorrow for their
dead companion and their heartfelt sym
pathy for the grief-stricken parents.
.lust a week ago to-day "Lulu" Ander
! son. as she was familiarly called by her
Lorine M. Anderson.
. while skipping around the
corner nf Peralta and Thirtieth streets
slippi ght foot struck against .
b Bplinter protruding from the redwood
walk. The sliver wedged In between her]
nd the bol< md p< I rated the foot
an Inch. The little girl took oft
: d pluck< d at the splinter un
■ she had removed it. Lulu !
told I - <>f the im ident and ni |
• ought of it until last Wednes
.... i,,.,, P he complaii id of pain in the
.: i .-.i d( i son that night poulticed
: mi mber, and on Thursday
morning It grew worse": <>n the same
Lulu with several schoolmates,
• th< ■ Rice of It. F. s Bodle. on
Twenty-fourth street, to undergo vaccin
ation as a precautionary measure In view
oi the Bmallpox case at 1914 Magnolia
When it came to Lulu's mm the
supply of vaccine had become exhausted,
lv.it Dr Bodli inquired of the girl the rea-
Bon for the bandaged foot. Dr. Bodle re-.
. i the poultice and found a badly
festered wound, from which he drew con
siderable pus and finally removed a splin
ter nearl> the size of a man-h. Applying
the propei remedies the girl whs sent
horn.' by the do( tor.
in the evening her condition alarmed
Mr and Mrs. Anderson and Dr. Bodle
was Immediately summoned. Later Dr.
Kergan was also called, and he worked
hard from 8 o'clock until 11 to save the
life of Lulu, but without avail.
The dying girl remained conscious until
almost the last moment, in her agony_
Bn e cried loudly "papa" and "mamma,
pn si • tiv a heavy fever cam" on and sn«
protruded h«-r tongue slightly, as If seek
ing .-i draught. Once more she cried to
her parents; then her pretty whit.' teeth
,am.- together like a vise and almost cvi
her tongue In twain. Thf-re was no more
hope Lockjaw spasms Bet in, and In de
spair Dr. K« rgan. wholly overcome with
hig fruitli h efforts, pronounced the end
at hand, while the heart-broken parents,
bemoaning their loss, embracw) their
child, hop- fully doubting death's cruel
Heartfelt sympathy extended by nfigh
bors failed to console the parents to-day.
Mrs Vnderson is half beside herself with
erlef and the father moans. "My heart
is broken; oh, that we should have put
ur fondest hopes In raising Lulu these
en years and should now lose her.
, D lames no one; neither the city au
thorities for the poor and out of
date redw i splintered walk at Peralta
ana Thirtieth streets, nor the doctors for
having failed In their endeavors to save
th Lorine d Anderson attended the Clawson
School. She was one of the brightest
pupils In Miss Kllbar's dass, and had
fust been honorarlly promoted to the high
fifth grao •.
EAGLES OR BOHEMIANS.
James Taylor Denies That Harmony
Has Reasserted Itself.
OAKLAND. June 16.— The statement
ma de I s H. H. Thompson of Seattle,
grand lecturer of the Fraternal Order of
Eagles and published In to-day's <'all to
t he effect that the charter recently sur
rendered by Oakland Eyrie Is to w re
turned and the eyrie re-established, Is
vigorously denied by James Paylor, ores-
Ident of the disorganized local Eagles.
"Thompson'a statement so far as it ron
cerns the 200 members who left the order
here," said James Taylor to-night, "Is
not true We have left the Eagles for
rood and have just organized Instead
Oakland Hospitia No 2 Bohemians of
An,, rica with a membership of 12:> and j
the following officers: Past chief host,
\ \v Baker; presiding chief host. James
Tavlor: assistant chief host, D. W.
Doody;' recording host. Charley J. Har
rington; keeper of exchequer, C. M. Day.
Colonel Kowalsky Is grand organizer of
1 '^Hospitia No. 1 Of San Francisco is to
be organized to-morrow night with 2K)
members. On next Thursday night the
former Sacramento h-agles will fly into
the camp of tho Bohemians of America,
and on the next night San Jose will or
ganize"
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June I.— Mrs. Mary Chip
chase died yesterday at her residence,
21 9 4 Encinal avenue. She was 82 year.-? or
ape and a native of Quebec. Deceased
came to California in 1863 and has lived In
•Alameda for the past six years.
The Board of Health has issued a state
ment urging the citizens to get vaccinated
at once to prevent a possible epidemic of
smallpox.
A. P. Stiefvater of 906 Central avenue,
a well known newspaper man of this aide
of the bay, will be married next Wednes
day night to Miss Wanda Marie Gern
relch. The wedding will take place .it the
home of the bride's mother In Oakland.
Only the relatives of the parties will be
present. ...
SOCIALISTS JOG
THE MEMORIES
OF OFFICIALS
Make Plain Replies to
Questions.
COST OF GAS AND WATER
COUNCIL REMINDED OF ITS
ELECTION PROMISES.
Oakland Section Is Opposed to the
Selling of Any Land Now in
the Possession of the
Municipality.
Oaklat.d Office S in Frar isc ■
iios Br is lv. iy. June 18.
The City Council will probably be sorry
thai it sent a request for answers on cer
tain municipal problems : i the socialist
Labor party. Having thus "laid the foun
dation" for th<- introduction of opinions
regarding Oakland'- municipal govern
ment the Socialists have taken advan
tage of it to address a very Interesting
reply to the Mayor and Councllmen.
The questions sen; out by the < "ouncll
were discussed at a regular business
mooting of the S iciallsi Labor party.
The answer contains more than those
srontlemen anticipated. Ii heartily favors
all necessary public Improvt ni'-nts and
condemns the present free library as
"small, ugly. unsaft . lacking necessary
accommodation and being dangerously
near to a flre trap." The Socialists ac
knowledge the faults of the present City
Hall, but in view of the probable organ
ization of the ciry and county of Oak
land, do not devise rebuilding at present.
•'And. moreover," says the document,"
the Oakland section thinks that at the
present time more important matters
need the first attention of the Mayor and
Council."
It refers to municipal ownership of gas
and water and reminds the Council of its
pledges regarding a water supply. Ref
erence Is made to the fact that there was
evidence recently hefore Mayor I'helan of
San Francisco that gas could be manu
factured al Co rents a thousand feet, ami
that the price in this city is now more
than twice that. The reporl proceeds:
"The city of Oakland borrowing money
at low rates of Interest could, after ere
atinp a sinking fund which would in a
term of years liquidate the original debt,
s.-U water to all its citizens at reasonable
rates and still have a surplus available
for public Improvements. Gas sold slight
ly above cost of production would become
the light of the poor man. and the kero
sene lamp miKh; be relegate '1 to the coun
try districts. Lower gas and water rates
would then so lessen the burden of the
taxpayers as to iustlfy the assumption of
a debt for the purpose of i recting needed
public buildtngs.
"Oakland Section is not in favor of seii
inp any land now belonging to the city.
It considers such action would be prejudi
cial to the best Interests of the commun
ity and contrary to the trend of social
evolution; the movement of society being
toward the public ownership of all prop
erty." _______^ — —
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, June 16.— Dairyman J. J.
Paul who was convicted in the police
court for selling milk containing less than !
:; per cent !.\;tu-r fats, was to-day sen
tenced ;'■ pay a lino if $2"> or spend twelve
days in Jail. _ ... ,
It is given out that Norman Smith will
fteht the divorce suit tiled yesterday by !
his wife Minnie M. Smith, who was bun
koed by Arthur Arlington, and that he
will til a cross complaint wherein atten
tion will be called t" a photograph of Mrs.
Smith sitting in Arlington's lap. as re
cently reproduced in The Call.
The Brooklyn Athletic Club will give an
,-.,,., rtainment at Y. M. t. Hall, on Fit- !
teenth avenue and East Fourteenth
street next Saturday night. .1. Muller is;
president of the club; Al Derley, man
ager; Joe Miller, secretary, and b. Davis,
t reasurer.
Frank J. Bnrtlett. aged 21 years, was ar
rested late last nighi on complaint of his
moth.r whom he had attacked while he I
was under th- Influein c ol liquor. He
was booked for drunkenness and to-day
forfeited $•'■ bail.
Miss Kate Kelly has applied for letters j
of administration <>n the estate of her j
brother, William H. Kelly, who died last
month. 1< aving an insurance policy ol
$: and $150 personal property. The heirs
are petitioners Margaret Hunt. Rose
Kelly of Oakland, May Onderkirk and
Isabel Kelly of Honolulu and Emma:
Kelly of San Francisco.
Theodore Gier has sold his (Jierberger j
vineyard near Livermore, to J. M. Young, I
a capitalist of San Francisco. The con- j
slderation is stated it $28,000, and the j
property consists of 213 acres.
<■ B. Klnard, who is preparing a suit]
against Justice Lame for falsely impris
oning three small boys on account of their
failure to pay fare on a freight car. is ex
periencing difficulty in collecting desired
§ a ta He states that the original com
plaints and warrants have disappeared. ,
MRS. DESHAYES' SEARCH.
Consul de Trobriand Not Willing to
Sacriilcs His Roses.
OAKLAND Juno 16.— Mrs. Deshaycs,
who bellevee her murdered husband's, re
mains were Interred in a lot on Elm street,
visited Chief Fletcher to-day. She occu
pied a couple of hours telling the story of
her discoveries and Impressed th*- Chief
that Bhe Is not mentally unbalanced, as
jias been reported. She was told that it
would be necessary to obtain permission
from the owners to dig over the lot and
that tti*' police would render her nil the
assistance she mighi need if she proved
that a crime had actually been discov
er* 'l.
M. de Trohriand. tho French Consul,
pniil to-nij?ht: "The lady has not been
here yet to search my grounds, but she id
welcome to do so. I have no faith in iirr
story, although she appears to ho ?in
cere. I certainly sliall w<\ permit the lady
\.< destroy my garden by digging, but 3he
can m.-ik' 1 any reasonable examination she
may desire."
TO MARRY ONCE MORE.
\V. S. Watson, Who Figured in a Sen-
sationnl Divorce, Will Wed
Marion Pasquelle.
OAKLAND. June William Seymour
Watson, who figured as defendant in a
sensational Alameda divorce case about
two years ago, obtained a marriage li
cense to-day to wed Miss Marion Porter
Pasquelle.
Watson's first wife was the daughter
of a minister named Strong, and during
the divorce trial it developed that he was
extremely jealous, even taking exceptions
to gentlemen acquaintances bowing to his
wife, or the pastor after church shaking
hands with her.
Watson was subsequently committed to
jail for contempt of court in failing to '
pay alimony. lie Is a native of East
Oakland, aged 39 years, and the pros
pective bride has just reached her twenty
second summer.
Remembered Only Brothers.
OAKLAND, June 16.— The will of the
late Niello C. Perata, who died in Ala
meda on the 2d inst., was filed for probate
to-day by Pietro Perata, brother of de
ceased. The instrument is dated May 21.
1891; and by its terms the estate, valued
at about $4000, goes to the four surviving i
brothers, Metro, Bernardo, Giovanni ana
Lorenzo Perata. The sisters, as is the
Italian custom, are not remembered. The
Perata Bros, are the ell-known vege
table raisers at West End, Alameda.
Large Family, Small Salary.
OAKLAND, June 10.— Willful neglect
and failure to provide for his wife an.i
seven children are the grounds alleged in
a divorce complaint tiled late this after
noon by Elizabeth Jones against Melville
Laforest Jones. The parties were married
in June. 1877, and according to the com- j
plaint Jones "has neglected and failed to
provide for his family for the past twelve
months, though perfectly capable, his
monthly income v.h<?n he works being
130." Plaintiff asks for the custody of the
children.
LANDLORD TAKES A HAND.
He Wants Disputing Lessees of ttie
Windsor Hotel Ousted and
Sues for Bent.
OAKLAND. June 16.— F. W. Sohutz.
landlord of the Windsor Hotel, has taken
a hand In the dispute between Mrs. Kate
Pritchafd, lessee of the hotel, and Mrs.
Clara Gardner, her sub-lessee. Mrs.
Pritchard a few days ago riled suit
against Mrs. Gardner for the recovery of
tii" June rent, and garnisheed every
guest in the house. .
To-day Landlord Schutz filed suit in
the Superior Court against both women
and (heir husbands. He complains that
Mrs Pritchard has not paid him the June
rent, and be seeks now to oust the de
fendants, and asks that the $l;>0 due be
trebled at the time judgment is given.
To Welcome Returning Soldiers.
OAKLAND. June IS.— The Native Sons
in Alameda County have taken steps to
raise money wherewith to purchase suit
able medals to be present, d to the it -
turning Californians from the Philippines
and give them a royal reception. Each
parlor is to appoint three members <>r a
committee to have the work in charge
These In turn are to appoint others until
the committee consist of 150. Each mem
ber will be expected to raise no, the total
of the desired subscription being tloiKi.
Death of J. P. Lapham
BERKELEY. Juno 16.— Jnhn Peekham
Lapham a well-known busings man of
this county, died yesterday at his resi
dence, 2112 Delaware street. Death re
sulted from heart trouble. Deceased was
a native of New Bedford, Massachusetts,
and had already passed his seventy-third
year He crossed the plains in I*r>!>, and
has resided In this county ever Bince. Mr.
Lapham moved to Berkeley eight years
ago and went into business as a real es
tate agent. He leaves behind a widow
and o m > daughter, Mrs. Julia lonian, of
Portland, Oregon. The funeral will be
held at the residence to-morrow, the Rev.
H. Hillard of the First Presbyterian
Church officiating.
Friends' Church Incorporated.
BERKELEY, June 16.— Articles of in
corporation have been prepared for the
congregation of the Friends 1 Church of
this city. They were formally accepted
by the congregation at a special meeting:
held last night. The committee on per
manent trustees reported the following
names, which were adopted: A. W. ruay
lor Miss Glennie I>avies. J. M. Johnson.
X F Arnold and Mrs. Loretta < . Brak
enridge The church was recently pur
chased the old building formerly used by
the First Presbyterian church on Alston
way. it will be removed to a lot on Haste
street, near Fulton, and there remodeled
and enlarged.
Colby's Testimony Needed.
BERKELEY, June Ifi.-The case against
the nine Chinamen who were captured in
an opium den on Blake Btreet, near Shat
tur-k avenue, last week, has been post
poned as all the evidence against the
prisoners is not yet ready. No report
has been made by Professor George E.
Colby of the University of California con
cerning the nature of the drug found in
the den and until he certities that n was
opium the case will not be called. Judge
Edgar will set a date for trial as soon
as professor Colby's report Is ready.
Widening Railroad Avenue.
LAMED A, June 16.— The Railroad ave
nue property owners held a conference
last evening with the Board of City
Trustees and undertook to widen the
thoroughfare from Stanton to Park
streets without the expense of condem
nation proceedings. Many of those whose
fences project over the proposed street
line voluntarily agreed to donate the
property. The following committee of
interested property owners was named to
take charge of the project: George N.
Macßae, J. H. Brans, C. Radswill, Wil
liam Johns William Foster. T. H. Kear
ney, A. A. Baroteau, E. F. Rea, Olivor
Haslett and K. W. Brower. Mr. Kearney
was elected chairman of the committee
and Mr. Foster secretary.
Miss Noy's Debut in Paris.
ALAMEDA, June 16.— Miss Julia Nov.
th.- young lady who left Alameda a short
time ago to accept an engagement as
mandolin player in a septet being organ
ized at Paris, made her debut in the
French capital. May 21. at a private mat
inee given at the residence of M. Marco
Soto, ex-President of Honduras. French
papers forwarded to her father here speak
in the most flattering terms of her accom
plishments as a musician. Among those
who were entertained by her playing were
Count and Countess Bonvouloir. M. and
Mme. Porcluncula, Baron and Baroness de
Mattos-Viera, M. and Mme. de Berlot. M.
and Mm". de Lenia, M. and Mme. Canet,
Mm:- and Miles. Cantt. M. de Pera'ta,
Minister from Costa Rica; M. Fernando
Cruz. Minister from Guatemala; M. de.
Barros Luco, Minister from Chile; M. and
Mme. de Santos. M. d'Argollo.
Young Men's Institute Election.
ALAMEDA, June California Coun
cil No. 24. Young Men's Institute, has
elected the following officers: .1. P.
Wright, president; H. C. Gallagher, first
vice president; Frank O'Brien, second vice
president: Rev. Father O'Connell, .chap
lain; T. C. Coughlin, recording secretary;
George M. Burkhardt, financial secretary
and treasurer; Henry Lang, marshal; Dr.
W. L. Friedman, medical examiner; K. B.
Parker, inside sentinel; George Laverty,
outside sentinel; P. A. Kearney, H. D.
Lang, A. F. St. Sure, executive commit
tee.
■ ♦ ■
Moriarty Surrenders.
OAKLAND, June If,.— John Moriarty,
the alleged defaulting clerk against
whom the KHler Company swore ,iu,t
ei>:ht warrants for misdemeanor emb< S
zlement, surrendered himself to the police
to-day. He says he can clear himself of
all the charges.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
»w Steamers leave Broadway
Hfetv,. wharf, San Francisco:
fe^^_ Fur Alaskan ports. lf) a. m .
' ' ISK'wS?^^ change ;it Seattle.
i' IS^S^al For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' ESffitWjiSiSlU f "-*' }>ort Townsend, Seattle.
' r^^Si^.^iw '•'•'"' n "'> : '. Everett, Anacortes
| and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. in., June 15. 20, '-• . 30:
July S. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
By.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., June
I IS. 23. 2"; July 3, and every fifth day there-
l after.
i For Santa Cniz. Monterey, San Simeon,
! CayucOS, Port Harfonl (San Luis Oblspo),
| Onviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Pedro. East San Pedro <T>is Ansrele*) and
! Newport. 9 a. m.. June 17. 21. 25, 29; July 3.'
; and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohlsno). Santa Harbnra. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Les Angeles), 11 a.
m.. June 1". 19, 23. 27: July 1. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Rnsermda. Mnedaiena Pay. San J"s<» del
Cabo, Maziitlnn. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mcx.), 10 a. m.. 7th cf each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the. right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hnii"i of uniting
TICKET. OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st, San Francisco.
THF. 0. R. & N. an.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
[inr .- 1 - l-ir«»t «-iiii< •iiciiidtn^ Itjrr'ii
rHnC v*i >cco;id «:ln4i imu! Moult.
'■ Columbia sails June 22; July 2. 12. 22.
| State of California sails June 17. 27; July 7.
17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Rutte,
Helena, and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
TOYO RISEN KAISBI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
""-'ner First and Brannan street*. 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
i Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No carjro received on board on day
I of sailing.
NIPPON MART" Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 2!
i HONGKONG MART' Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at *: reduced rates. For
I freight and passage apply at company's office,
I 421 Market st., corner First.
1 . "W. B. CURTIS. General Aeent.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _;____JL~^ -
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^^
Terr small and as easy
to take as jar.
SFF lrADTrrfel FORMEADACHE - SEE
3EL CAR! FOR DIZZINESS. ™
rCMfiIVC SPITTLE FOR BILIGUSNESS. rcvlT , V n
GENUINE w ivER for torpid liver. GENUINE
M PILLS FoR c °mstipatior.
WRAPPFR Jl M ' for sallow skim. WRAPPFR
W KAmK M&m I FOR THE COMPLEXION WKA^ tK
: _ . GENXTNE MUSTHAVtVpNATURL
25 Cerru i Purely Vc*etal)le./^>«^s^rtC
"PRINTED OIST K.E3D PAPER."
\\ ani TUM RS CURED
4||^^^^^^^ v/oman's breast is
S When ihe cancer
'.i! armpit gels lai-ge cure is impossible.
Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I ha» Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
/^\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jLv«Ji» i\ll% KEARNY NT. Kstabllsbed
HHPmI '" IS3 ' S 'or the treatment ot Private
JK -gjjHf Disfnses. Lost Manhood. Debility or
SBSB!jS<S!SB fli :easfi wearing; 1 n bcxlyarirtrulndar.cl
SXrjKS "9*351 .-.v.i 1 Diseases. doctor cures «
"Hi-: s fail. Try him. :'h:irtres low
rTTfBfIBTnWT rnrp»gtiaranl?»-d. Callorwrita
»r. J. I- UIBBOK. Box 1U37, Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW yORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. P1»IV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York June 21 New York July 12
St. Paul June 28 1 St. Paul July 19
St. Louis July 6 1 New York August 2
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tori* Even' "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark June 21 I Noordland July 12
"VVesternland ...June 28 Frlesland July 19
KenflnKt'-'n July olAdrla July 26
tiMPIRi. LIME.
ScHttt». Ist. Ml;nail. Dawxo-. CUt.
For full Information regarding- freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
©Kmnill4 S. S. B. B. Australia
ilflßlL FailB f r Honolulu
• J^^»"«W Friday, June 3«, at 2
o^X^JT^N r s m s. M.iripnsa sails
«Sl?J!rnSnin=-' vla - Honolulu and
CylUjlllJlilU Auckland for Sydney
rofnF)ai?W- Wednesday. July 12.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Pamoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. : |W0 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. «gts.. 114 Montgomerj
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Oince.327 Market St.
CCMPAONIE GENEHALE TRANBATLANTIQU3.
THREAT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. in. 1
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •"'*<•-*■'-?■>
Morton St. LA TOURAINE. June 24; 1,.V
GASCOGNK July 1: LA NORMANDIE, July
g; I. A CHAMPAGNE. July 16: LA BRF.-
TAGNE, July 22 First-class to Havre. $65 and
upward. '■ per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $4;.: 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
I'NITET) STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San
FranelPCO.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS-LONDON— HAM RURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW -LONDON PARTS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For Ballingi", etc apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN IyTNE, 37 Broadway. New York.
HERZOG & CO.'. Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Snnsome, and
US Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepti ne Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY*. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR U. S. WAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "•Monticello."
MON.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. Nt 5:45
a. m.. 3:15, B:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE Mr.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
\
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
. EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR : PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 623
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VU S«iuaUt* Parry.
Commencing; April 2,1, IS:>3.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. ♦s:*, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, '6:00, C:3O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
r.afael, on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 3:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »3:00. 10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00. '1:45. »2:30, •4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. in. does not run to San Raf'l Sunday*.
6:30 p. m. do i* not run to Mill Val'y Sunday*.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, «6:4». 7:55. 8:40. *10::' a
a. m. : 12:30, 2:15. •3:40. 4:35. 5.15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. *i:00, *!»:45. '10:45. '11:45
a. m. ; 1:00. 2:20, '3:30, '5:15. '6:00. 7:00. 10: li
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:50, 7:55, 5:55. 10:35
a. m.: 12:35, 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20, 2:40, 2::..' 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way »ta"ns.
1 3:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted.)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way Pta'n».
1:45 d. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
HAJXB.OAD TRAVEL^
KOiTHKRN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(pacific system.)
Train* Irnn- »■>•! in«- tine i «> nrrlve nt
NAN rKAH€UC#.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
have — l'Him JrxEl, 1839. — ap.bit«
7:00 a HenicU, Suiaun snd Sacramento.... 3:43p
7:OOa MarjßviUo, DroTilloand Holding Tia
Wc-.MllaDd .., Ss4.>p
7:00\ Elmira. Vacavillo and Rumsey B:*!ip
'i:',Ui\ Martinez, SaulUmon,Vnllejo. Kapa,
(^ilistoga and Santa Rosa «:15r
8:00* Atlantic lixproM, Ogdeii and r,ast.. B:*ar
H::ioa San .lose. Lirermorc, tool: ton,
lime, Bacramcutn, rincetville,
Maryatlllc. Chi:o. UediriiitT...... -i:ISp
8:30 a "Milton, Oakilal ■ and 50D0ra. ...... 4:l."»p
0:00 a Haywirds. .Nil™ and Way Stations . lit 13a
»:OOa Martincr. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno. I«:I3r
B>«<ia Fresno, l!«k?raUcM, Si'iiU lUrl>aro.
l.os ADgcles. Demiug, El Paso,
New Orleans and Fast 6:-13p
I O:OOa ValU-jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:-l3p
1 1 :OOa Hayirards, NUes and Way Stations. SilSp
12:00 m Nile«, IJTcrmore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Pcrterrille 4«i.ip
•l:OOp Sacramento Steamer* "8:00p
3:OOp Haywords, Niles and Way Stations. a: I a
41:«»Ol- Martinez, San Ilaiuon, Valloj;).
Napa. OaUstog*. SantA ltosa UilltA
4iO«r Bruicia. Vaca^illo. .Sacramento,
V.'(Mid and, Knights Landing,
MarysTille, OrOTllle IO:-I»*
4:30p Niles, ban Joseand Stockton 7:i:>r
4:30p Y(.3emitc Bleeping Car fox Raymond 12:1 5 p
3:001- Tlio OwL Tracy. Fresno. BaUcrs-
field, Baugns for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles »»4S\
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:15f
5:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
.Mnjaro and lea Angeles 8»41»a
Si3«p Hautn Fo ltontn, Atlantin K>pre«fl
for iMojava ami Last 6:43p
O:O«r F.uropo:in Mail, ".>g.\n« and Kast.... »:I.l\
O:OOp Hajirards. and Kan Joso 7:15 a.
*6:UOi- Valiejt) 12:1",?
7:«»<»i' Ori'Krm i;xi>ieiw,Hacrßii>eiitc). Marja-
vlllo. ReiUliig, roitluml. L'uget
Kouudnnil Jlaat 7<4«a
S»i*«p Vallejo. Port Costa and War fit*-
Mom tlO:*«»
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (Jnuge).
(Foot of Market Street.) _^_
{7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion tor Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations 18:05*
8:15 a Newark, Centcrvillc, San Jose.Fcltoo,
Boulder Creek.Banta Oruz and Way
Stations 5:30»
2:13p Newark, CenterTille, Ban Jose, New
Almiden, Felton, Bonkter (.'reek,
Santa Cruz end Principal Way
Stations Mo:so*.
4:iap San Jose. Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:2**
64 :15p Feiton, Santa Cruz and Way Bta-
tions / 9:80 a,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom SIN mtiClSCG— fact of Mcrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 D:00 11:00*. M. {1:00 *2:03 13:08
•1:03 tB:O0 *6:C3
rrimOAKUSD— Footofßro»d».-.T. — 'C:00 8:00 10:00».ll.
t!200 «l:00 12:00 '3:00 t<:00 -5:00r.H.
COAST IMVISION (Rroadflaugf).
! (Third and Townacnd St?.) '■
i •C:IOa Ocean View, South ban Francisco.. *6:30p
•7:O«a San Josa ami Way Stations (Now
Altnadcn Wtxlneadaysonly) l:3Or
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Joao,
SanU Crm, Padflo Grovo and
Principal Way Stations t8:33»
9iOOa Han Jcso, Trc3 Pinos, Kauta Cruz,
Pacilic (irove, Paso Hobles, Han
l.nls Oliispn, Ciiiadalnpe. Surf and
Pihieiral Way Stations 4:lOf
1O:4Oa Han .lose mid Way Stations "S.-nOA
I1:8»a San .(.so and Way Stations 3tiM>F
*2:43pSnn Mateo, ltcdwood, Mcnlo Park,
P»lo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Gilruy. Hollistcr. Sauta Crur,
Salinas. Monterey and PaciUc
drove "10:364
•i!:SOp SauJoso ami Way Stations •»:(lOa
• 1:1 San Joao ami Principal Way Stations 1):45a
•5:00p San Joso and Principal Way Stations 6:33*
5:30p .San Joso ami Principal Way Stations "8:31 a
0:301' San Jose and WayStalions 7:30p
I tll«4»P San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
! • RundsT eicepte<l. } Sunday only. < Sat.nrdny only.
6Satnrda7Cnd Bcndar /Fnn<iaT and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORThWESTERN RY. CO.
! L.HSSBB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN VRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12.35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at V.A
ana 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:* O.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:45,
8:40, 5:1.'. p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:56 and 3:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40. 5:05.
6:25 p. m.
Between - San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
■ame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San yranclsco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
. j April 16, ■■
; Week Sun- 1a99. • Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am; 8:40 an*
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 an»
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pna
" Fulton,
1:20 ami Windsor, 10. aim
Heaklsburg;,
Lytton,
Geyswvllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hop!and and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:10 am 10:25 a.i»
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pn»
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 an»
and
6:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:21 pa
'. .VO i*m 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 an»
! 8:30 pm! 5:00 pm! 1 7:35 pmj 6:2J pr\
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Lyttoa
: for Lytton Spring: at Geyservllle for Ska.^g*
: Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
iand for Dune.in Springs. Highland Sprinss.
' Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr
' Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
I Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno.
I Totter Valley, John Pay Riverside. Lierley's.
. Bucknell's Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Boonovllle, Philo, Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro Whltesboro,- Albion. Little River.
1 Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fcrt Bragg..
j Westnort. Tsal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
I mlng'3. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets aS
I reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
: beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices 650 Market St.. Chronicle bide
I H C WHITING. R- X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
jrnwn Jan. 2S, 1899, trains will run aa follow**
South-bound. I I North-bound.
p&asen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. E.xe'ritd Exc'ptd Dally.
: 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pn»
! 1:10 am 2:05 pra Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 prn
10:40 am 0:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pn»
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pn»
2:15 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
I 11:69 am 6:25 pm. Visalia -6:43 ami 1:22 pra
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 1:05 pra
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Tor particulars of stage and other connections,
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. (21 Mark«|
Mreet. Ban Francisco.
BiAJtitit TAAIALPAIti bCtM: RAILVVAy
Leave San KranciaCo, via fiausaluj Kerry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 24, ISM.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
. SUNDAYS, S, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and t 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m. .
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
i TliOS. COOK i- SON. Axets.. 621 Market *4.
1112
WOULD DENY
THE CHINESE
A HOSPITAL
Protests Before the
Supervisors.
ARGUMENTS IN COMMITTEE
MANY CHURCHES AND MTS
SIONS FAVOR IT.
Attorneys Shadburne and Riordan
Sit Forth the Advantages and
Disadvantages of the
Place.
reta ■was arrayed against church and j
rtj owner against property owner
■ the- Health and Police Committee
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday
on. The protest of the African M. '
;rch, the Paulist Fathers and others
• the granting of a permit to the
nsul General and the Six Com- !
i to establish a hospital at S2S Sacra
■ • • at, below Sto<?kton, caxne up j
for consideration, and large delegations j
present to support and oppose the j
B. Shadburn©, the attorney, !
. d the forces hostile to the ho«- |
while Thomas D. Riordan rallied its
rters to the rescue. Mr. Shadburne I
rsi speak< r. and he drew a vivid
I the horrors of a hospital
• :• vi the city in close j
ristocratic Nob HiU; of the '■■
tlnese, their preference for
ys and other out-of-the-way
• when they were sick; the long j
: i le Paulist Fathers to rid that;
■ : the city of all objectionable :
. the Injury it would work upon j
ring property owners. It would ,
ything but pleasant to passengers
• ment ■ reet cars, he said,
■ • p lss before a Chinese
Moreover, there were several
Immediate neighborhood ,
Mary's Cathedral whose con- <
- opposed the plan.
Riordan replied to Mr. Shadburne |
i warmth. He first called atten- ,
■ that some years ago the
S \ Companies bought Borne land
on the suburbs on which they
.: - t a hospital. Plans were
1 foi i |4 ' building, but owing'
i opposition oi other property own- .
. :. there was not a resident with
• mile of he site, the authorities
I ■ ::; permission. Not having any:
. ■ Cor their sick, they were
lnd cellars, un-
The Chinese Consul
c Minister at Washington
crested In the hospital
■ ••.■•! that it would be con
with the orders of
: alth. White physicians
. iid be employed perma
. fectious diseases would,
■ hospitals
m its was ••■•■;. Mr.
■ ; .n to the Lane Hos
. lay and Webster sti
ck, Mount Zion, St. Lukes,
: :s that were lo
n idsi ol aristo ;ratic neigh
while the Chines, Hospital
it a block from any white
Rl ,rdan denied point
- assertioi
oppos. d to the hospital <
■ .: to his followers, who in
lergynv n o) different de
>zen or more promi
■ who are connected with the
. missions. Instead of be
ie said the hospital would
L,e a dei ided Improvement to the I" 1
and it certainly would not depreciate
dcs Mr. Riordan, Miss Cameron and '
Brown of the Presbyterian missions,
rmy, pastor of the First anethodist
. iid he repi ■s< nted forty
of the city; Miss Ames of the •
t church and mission; Mrs. 11.
Williams of the Oriental Mission, Mrs.
of the Methodist Mission, Dr. Car
• the Presbyterian church and others
irge< timent ol the
hospli gave many instances of s
of the lack of
I Lee.  .
r . itee of Ihe African :
nd sevi ral others
with Mr. ■ iition.
c parties, the com- ;
■ st under advisement ;
■ - w« « ks. j
■•■. property owners in Eu- !
V;,i,. y. asking for the removal of
patients in th<> Maclean
tal was laid aside, us the con
. [ded that It could take no action. ;
ARMY OFFICER IN TROUBLE.
Captain Carrington's Confidence Was
Evidently Betrayed by a Friend.
Apparentlj through a breach of onfi
upon the part of Borne man, whom
Lpa he considered a. friend, Captain
]•. 1 1. L.. Carrington of the First Infan
try. now stationed at Vancouver Bar
racks, but at present under orders to re
join his regiment in Cuba, may be gotten
Into serious trouble, which there was
peel of his avoiding. The
fficer arc yet hopeful that
ay be able to steer clear of any en
tanglement with the "War Department by
■ his lnd< btedness, an<l that he
be able to keep clean his name and
reputation as an officer by meeting all
of hi* obligations. Captain Carrlngton is
known in San Francisco, having been
ined for a number ol ;. ears at tho
lio with the First Infantry, and also
because ol his connection with the Na
il Guard of California as Inspector
and Instructor. He was very prominent
in military affairs here last spring, being
who musirred the First and
Seventh California regiments into ser
borne an excellent
reputation ;<s an efficient officer, and was
liked because of his jovial nature.
Like many other men, Captain Carrlng-
I good living and enjoyed
a game of poker. His inclinations along
Ines unfortunately led him into
ile, as his pay was not sufliciently
• meet tin- obligations that he in
terred. As a member of the Rohemian
Club, it is said that Captain Carrington
■: jt poker for high stakes, and that
:,r- made personal obligations that he w;ls
not prompt in meeting and sum-' of which
not as yet been paid. It is also said
thai he made Mils with various trades
people winch he has not paid. The exact
amount of his Indebtedness his friends
will not state, but one of them said last
night there wen' plenty of members of
Bohemian Club who could pay the
entire amount without the slightest in
convenl<
Last Bummer, when Captain Carrington
wit:; made lieutenant colonel of the Kighth
California Regiment, he was ordered to
iuver Barracks, and when that regi
ment was mustered out he was retained
there <'ti special duty. Recently he was
ordered to rejoin his regiment, and be
ing harassed by his obligations, which
he was unable to meet, and also being de
sirous of leaving a. clean sheet behind
him, he applied to his friends in this city
for assistance. Ho wrote to William
Greer Harrison of the Bohemian Club, re
questing him to see some of his friends
and endeavor to raise the money for him,
promising that he would refund it from
ii!s pay as soon as he was able.
Mr. Harrison, when seen last night and
asked if it was true that he had received
a letter from Captain <'arrington,
made the following statement:
•t';ipt;;in Carrington wrote me some
time ;iko and told me of his financial dif
■■• s. and asked me to see if I could
not get iiis friends to assist him, as lie
was umler orders to rejoin his regiment
di sired to pay all of his obligations
■ doing bo. As be stated the mat
ter was urgent and the time short, I
wr< !• him and asked him for a list of
the names of his intimate friends. He
me seventeen name?. Twelve of the
• men J knew personally and I saw
To the remaining live I addressed
i a] letters, Btatlng the facts and re
ling their assistance in the matter.
"From one of these five I believe the
unfortunate affair leaked out. Our object
pool Uk- captain's indebtedness and
each of his friends pay an equal share.
It was not bo large an amount but that
my one of us might have paid it without
serious inconvenience. Everyone liked
Captain Carrington, and we were only too
willing to help him out of his trouble. I
Know of nothing against him except that
he lived beyond his mean's. As tor the
gay life that he is reported to have led,
there is nothing more in it than that he
was fond of having a good time. I have
wired him that some one of his friends
has betrayed his confidence. The matter
of helping the captain out of his trouble
lias been about completed, and 1 am yet
hopeful that everything will come out
right as it Is."
Adjutant General Babcock when seen
last night in regard to the matter said:
"I know nothing of Captain Carrlngton's
trouble except what I have seen in the
paper. Of course the army regulations
are very strict against an officer going in
debt, but as far as I know there Is no
trouble impending for the captain at De
partment Headquarters. Thore has been
no orders for a court martial as suggested
in the published accounts of the affair,
and as far as I know the department has
no official knowledge of Captain Carring
ton's trouble, and it is certain that no
official action has been taken in the mat
ter."
It is well known that Captain Carring
ton has been harassed by his debts, and
upon a former occasion he was helped
out of his difficulties by his friends. Gen
eral Shafte-r being out of th<» city it could
not be learned If any trades people have
lodged complaints against Captain Car
rington at Department Headquarters. The
army officers here are inclined to look
upon the captain's trouble as an un
fortunate and premature publication of
an unnecessary matter. They all feel
sorry that he has gotten into the present
trouble, but th^y are hopeful that he will
be able to escape from his present diffi
culty without any serious inconvenience
through the assistance of his friends. It
Is said that the total amount owed by the
captain will not exceed $3000. Mr. Har
rison also stated that he felt confident
that the publication of Captain Carring
ton's present trouble had been actuated
by personal spite upon the part of some
one, and that as a consequence he thought
his friends would rally ail the more quick
ly to his assistance.
A special to The Call last night from
Vancouver Barracks says that Captain
Carrington refused to talk when seen by a
CaJl correspondent, but he stated positive
ly that no charges had b^en preferred
against him. Captain Carrington is a
member of the Arlington Club of Portland
and is well thought of there. His friends
In Portland declare that he has no bad
habits whatever.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
B. P. Barker of Livermore !s In this city.
A. B. Jackson, a banker of Salinas, Is
at the Grand.
Edward Cox, the Sacramento banker,
arrived in this city yesterday.
L. L. Gray, the well known Fresno
banker. Is stopping at the Occidental.
J. D. Ludwig, a well known mining man
of Marlposa, is registered at the Grand.
James S. Burke, a wealthy merchant of
Brooklyn. X. V., is stopping at the Palace.
B. F. Shepherd, a real estate man of
Fresno, is spending a few days In this
city.
J. C. Halladay, a merchant of Chicago,
was among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
E. H. Wilson, proprietor of the Butt«
Hotel at Butte, Mont., is a guest at the
Palace.
W. A. Gray and wlfp and Mis? Eva Gray
of Yisalia are among the guests at the
Occidental.
■;■ irge If. Roos left for the East last
Thursday night. He will be gone for sev
eral months.
T. H . Selvage, a prominent lawyer of
Eureka, is spending a few days In this
city, lie- is registered fit the Grand.
John P. Edwards and Miss Edwards of
Santn Barbara arrived In this city yes
terday and are registered at the Occi
dental.
Right Roy. Tikhon. bishop of the
Graeco-Russian Church, has returned to
this city after a trip east. He will offici
ate at Holy Trinity Cathedral on Sunday
IleXt.
F. W. Noble, a millionaire cnttle owner
of Nevada, is spending a few days in this
city. Mr. Noble is one of the Cyrus Noble
family, which has made its millions in
distilling.
T. G. de I'Estoille, supprintr-ndpnt of the
big hydraulic mines owned by the French
syndicate at Ralston Divide, Placer Coun
ty, arrived in this city yesterday and is
registered at the Grand.
Frank M. Conser of Washington, D. C.,
.. stered at the Grand. Mr. Conser is
a Supervisor of Indian Schools and has
come West for the purpose of looking
into affairs pertaining to Indian reserva
tions in California.
John Monaghan of Spokane*. Wash., is
stopping at tlif Lirk. Mr. Monaghan is
the father of brave Lieutenant Monaghan
of the Philadelphia, who was killed during
Mataafa's recent outbreak in Samoa. He
will wait the arrival of his s< n's body In
this city, and will take it to Spokane for
interment.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 16.— G. A. Babrlck of
Los Angeles is at the Fifth Avenue. Ed
ward Campbell of S.in Francisco is at the
Holland. The tdore Martin of Los An
geles Is at the Imperial.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON*. June I*s.— W. A. Drfs
coll of Los Angeles and Dr. R. B. Clover
of San Francisco are at the Shoreham.
SCHOONER YACHT LA PALOMA SOLD
She Will Be Sailed to Honolulu When the Yachting
Season Is Over.
The schooner yacht La Paloma has been sold by W. S. Goodfellow to
Colonel George Macfarlane of Honolulu. The colonel has been after the
yacht for several months and on his behalf Hawaiian Consul General
Wilder has made a number of offers to Mr. Goodfellow. They were all
rejected, however, until the figure reached $4000, and then the bargain was
made. Had Mr. Goodfellow purchased the ex-yacht Jessie he would have
sold La Paloma for half the money he has received as he only paid $l. r >oo
for her. But when he saw the Jessie, now a pilot boat on the Columbia
River, he decided not to buy her and came back to Ran Francisco. The
La Paloma will remain in San Francisco for the yachting season and will
then be Eailed to Honolulu.
THE SAINT FKA3S CISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JUNE IT, 1899.
WINE MAKERS
FINALLY REACH
AN AGREEMENT
Formulate and Adopt
, a Contract.
PROVIDES FIVEYEAR COMPACT
SIGNATURE SWILL BE SOLICITED
NEXT WEEK.
If Fifty -Five Per Cent of the Produc- '
ers Do Not Combine the Big Cor
poration Will Be Dis
banded.
The convention of wine-makers to de
cide upon the future of the California
"Wine-makers' corporation held Its third
meeting yesterday afternoon to hear the !
report of the committee on resolutions i
and contracts. The committee was com
posed of W. J. Hotchkiss, C. F. Monteal
agre, R. C. Terry, E. W. Putnam, G. C.
Hussman, R. T. Pierce. L. Feusler, "Wil-
Ham Rued and William Bornhorst. Their j
report was somewhat voluminous and j
dealt with the technical difficulties that '
have confronted the members and the !
board of directors in the past five years.
It recommended several changes calcu
lated to improve the business methods of
the corporation and after some discussion
was adopted.
Aside from the contract the suggestions
to the directors favor the organization of
district associations, to be comprised of
dry wine-makers who are ready to sign
the contract and take an Interest in pro
motlng not only the welfare of their own j
section but of the whole industry. The !
report further recommends the calling of !
an annual meeting to elect directors for j
the current year, with the following ap
portionment: Sonoma 2, Alameda and ;
Contra Costa 1, Napa 1. Santa Clara and
Santa Cruz 2, and 3 at large, making a
total of 9. :
The contract over which there has been
so much trouble calls for another live
years' agreement and binds the signer to
sell all the product of his vineyard, or i
wines that may be made for him, in the
years 1890 to 19<)3 inclusive. The price to
be paid for the wine of each vintage (
shall be the average price per gallon re- !
celved for standard wines of the same I
vintage by the corporation upon the sale i
thereof, less a pro rata proportion of the
expense of conducting the business of
said corporation. One-twentieth of the
soling price of the wine is to be paid in
fully paid up shares of the corporation.
It is the business of the board of directors
to determine the average price of stand- j
ard wine of each vintage, according to the ;
average price received for said wines, j
For line wines an extra price is provided. I
An Important feature of the contract ar
ranges for the advance of money on mer
chantable wines in the maker's cellar
prior to their going into consumption.
<In Saturday next the, delegates will
present these contracts to the wine-mak
ers of the various districts for their sig
natures, and it is provided that if the
names of 55 per cent of the producers is
not secured it will be the duty of the di- \
rectors of the corporation to return the
contracts to the signers. In this event
the compact would be broken, and the ;
makers of wines would have to go into '
the open market individually to lind
buyers for their goods.
While the labors of the convention ap
pear to have been satisfactory, there does
not seem to be any feeling of confidence
that the necessary number of growers can
be secured to the corporation. The diffi
culty Is that wines are bringing better
prices than have been realized for many
years, and there are certain growers who
have an idea that they could do better
if they were free to go Into the market
us competitors. Whether or not there are
enough of this class to prevent the reor- ;
ganization of the corporation remains to
be seen. However, it is an anxious
period, not only for the producers but for
merchants, as it Is pretty generally be
lieved that the abandonment of the com- j
bine would result in the fall of priced to
the old ruinous figures.
OFFICERS CHOSEN.
Names of Those Who Will Govern
Various Bodies During the En
suing Term.
Court San Francisco, Foresters of
America, has elected officers as follows
for the ensuing term: (leorge Behan,
chief ranger; Herman Goetz, sub-chief
ranger; F. W. Severance, treasurer; I. I.
Behan, financial secretary; J. J,. Goetz,
recording secretary; K. Somervllle, senior
woodward; <;. W'oerner, junior woodward;
\V. Pugliner, senior beadle; W. Smith,
Junior beadle: K. Thomaschckl, organist,
and Dr. C. w. Card, physician.
Pioneer Lodge, Friends of the Forest,
ha.s chosen the following officers to serve
for the next six months, commencing in
July: Miss L. Rosevear. president; Miss
L. M. Simons, vice president; Miss Car
rie Johnson, chaplain; Mrs. E. M. Mc-
Lane, financial secretary; Mrs. Cora
AWntzell, recording secretary; Mrs. Car
rie Kruse, treasurer; Mrs. Annie Thomp
son, marshal; Mrs. A. Young, warden;
Mrs. Minnie Ford, guard; Mrs. M. B. Col
lins, sentinel, and Mrs. M. Stetson, organ
ist; Mrs. A. Boehm, Mrs. Asman and Mrs.
Reed, trustees.
Mizpah Lodge, Friends of the Forest,
has elected as its officers for the ensuing
term: Mrs. Paul, president: Mrs. Lilly
Hess, vice president; Mrs. L. S. Bacon,
recording secretary; J. Penny, financial
secretary; H. Schmchl, treasurer; Mrs.
N. Brackett. chaplain; Mrs. Slater, mar
shal; Mrs. Pries, warden; Mr. Slater,
guard, and F. L. Griffith, sentinel.
West End Lodge of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor has named the following
to serve for the ensuing term: Mrs. D.
J. Kaplan, protector; Mrs. M. E. Duncan,
vice protector; Miss Phllipine Kaplan,
recording and financial secretary; Z. T.
Whltten, treasurer; Mrs. M. Whitten,
guide; M. Levy, sentinel. The election of
a guardian and a chaplain was postponed
until a future meeting, as those chosen
for these offices were not present and it
was not known if they could accept.
Le.land Stanford Lodge of the Knights
of Honor ha.s ahosen the following named
to serve as officers for the ensuing term:
R. J. Sands, dictator; G. L. Keller, vice
dictator; F. A. Christmas, assistant dic
tator: J. J. Beran, reporter; A. Strohmier,
financial reporter; A. Morris, treasurer;
O. Schoenwald, chaplain; M. Schlegel
milch, guide; C. Wahl, guardian; N. E.
Mead, sentinel; O. Schoenwald, iJ. P.
Thyes and C. Wahl, trustees. E. P.
Thyes will become the junior past dic
tator.
The following named will servo as offi
cers of Valley Ix>dge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen for the ensuing term:
C. E. Thurston. master workman; J. H.
P. Gedge, foreman; J. F. Murphy, over
seer; Thomas H. Lord, recorder; J. M.
Camp, financier; J. W. McCarthy, receiv
er; — Michelson, guide; J. Gabriel, inside
watchman; O. Ericsson, outside watch
man. J. C. Sharp will become the past
master. The officers of this lodge will be
publicly Installed on the I2th of July.
The following named have been chosen
as the officers of the Superior Lodge of
the Degree of Honor. A. O. U. W., for the
current year: Mrs. A. Harding of Heb
ron. Neb., superior chief of honor: Mrs.
P. Ennis of Glrard. Kan., lady of honor;
Mrs. E. H. Mantour of Wilmar. Minn.,
chief of ceremonies; Mrs. M. A. Tinker of
Jackson. Mich., recorder; Mrs. E. Stick
ford of Manchester, N. V., receiver; Mrs.
L. Bush of Aberdeen, Wash., usher.
SCENES IN CUBA'S CAPITAL.
James W. Erwin Delivers an Illus
trated I/ecture in Metropolitan
Temple.
Standing room was at a premium at
Metropolitan Temple last night, when
James W. Erwin, president of the Cali
fornia Camera Club, delivered his illus
trated lecture on "What I Saw in Cuba's
Capital." Mr. Erwin has recently returned
from Havana, where he assisted in re-es
tablishing the postal system of the island
on American lines. While there he made
excellent use of his time and opportunities
to observe the various phases of Cuban
and Spanish life, aiso securing a large
number of photographs of scenes in and
about the city.
Mr. Erwin' s lecture was both instruc
tive and entertaining and was warmly ap
preciated by the vast audience, as was
evidenced by the frequent outbursts of
applause, which was especially emphatic
and prolonged when pictures of the graves
of the victims of the destruction of the
battleship Maine, decorated with Ameri
can flags and hidden beneath great
masses of flowers, were shown upon the
screen.
During the intermission little Miss Hazel
Callaghan favored the gathering with a
series of "coon" songs and dances in an
artistic and realistic manner that brought
down the house. The lecture was given
under the auspices of the Camera Club.
THOUGHT SHE WAS AN HEIRESS
Henrietta Redmond Arrested for Ob-
taining Goods by False Pretenses.
Henrietta Redmond, or Sheehan, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant charging
her with obtaining goods by fals" pr< -
tenses. The complaining witness is E. J.
Dollard, bookkeeper in the City of Paris
dry poods store. It was alleged that
the girl purchased a bill of poods
amounting to $40 70 on June 10 by repre
senting that she was a daughter of Airs.
Redmond, and ordered the goods sent to
Mrs. Burns, 944 Hampshire street. The
firm made Inquiries and claimed that the
girl's representations that she was a
daughter of Mrs Redmond were false.
Attorney Martin, who represents the
defendant, pays that her name is Shee
han, but whin she was a child she was
adopted by Mr. and Mrs. James Ked
mnnd. who owned property at 231, 233 and
235 Eddy street worth about $50,000. Red
mond d-ied without leaving a Will and his
adopted daughtei received nothing from
the estate. About a month ago she found
life so unpleasant at home that she went
to live wirh her married sister .it :*44
Hampshire street, and ordered the arti
cles from the '-■tore, believing that Mrs.
Redmond would pay for them.
FLAT DENIAL
BY THE
Mutual Electric Light Co.
Referring to an article In The Pan
Francisco Call of June 16, the Mutual
Electric Light Company makes this
public statement:
No officer, employe or other person
was ever authorized by this company
to offer Mr. Phelps or any other person
one dollar to procure any right, privi
lege or franchise.
His statement that he was offered by
this company $:!000, or any other sum,
is absolutely false.
On an appeal of this company to the
Supreme Court of this State, in Its opin
ion the court said: "If it were ever
proper to interfere with the discretion
vested in the officers of the city In the
constant supervision and control of the
streets in this mode, it may be ad
mitted that a stronger case is not likely
to arise. * * * In the use of this dis
cretion, which must exist somewhere,
great injustice may be done by officials
who are corrupt or partial, and I have
no doubt that a remedy may be ob
tained in the courts. » ♦ • The rem
edy would seem to be in the compelling
of the granting of a permit in a proper
case. The wrong consists in refusing
it to the plaintiff when it ought to be
granted, and under such circumstances
as it is freely granted to the favored
corporations."
Upon this hint of the Supreme Court
this company brought an action of
mandamus against the Board of Su
pervisors. The ca.se was tried before
Judge Seawell, Franklin K. Lane, Esq.,
City and County Attorney, appearing
and representing all of the Supervis
ors, Supervisor Phelps alone appearing
by special counsel. The court rendered
a judgment directing a writ of mandate
to issue against the Board of Supervis
ors compelling them to grant the re
quested privilege to this company. The
City and County Attorney advised the
board that they had no case to appeal,
but they employed special counsel and
did appeal. And if the appeal had not
subsequently been dismissed by them
selves the Supreme Court would un
doubtedly have rendered an opinion
in accordance with iUs own opinion pre
viously rendered and sustained the
opinion of Judge Seawell.
That opinion is now the law of the
case; and had no permit been granted
to this company the law and decision
of th>» court directing the writ of man
date to issue would compel that it be
now granted.
On the face of these facts it is absurd
to consider that this company should
have resorted to illegal means to ob
tain that which was lawfully its own.
Before the election Mr. Phelps open
ly, and with an apparent earnestness,
advocated that the right be granted
to the Mutual Electric Light Company
to erect poles outside the fire limits,
and he promised the friends of that
company to vote to grant that privilege
when elected. After election Phelps
was suddenly converted, and voted
steadily for the gas and electric mo
nopoly. If offered money, it looks as
though he took it: his vot^s point un
mistakably to the source from whi^h
I he got it. •
THE STARBUCK STRUCK
AN UNCHARTED ROCK
DECISION BY CAPTAINS BOLLES
AND BULGER.
Master Brugiere Navigated the Ves
sel in a Careful and Skillful
Manner and Is Exoner
ated From Blame.
Captains Bolles and Bulger rendered a
decision yesterday in the matter of the
loss of the steamship Starbuck off the
coast of Nicaragua on February 27 of this
year, in which they exonerated Captain
c. J. Brugiere, the master, from all
blame. The inspectors found that the
fctarbuck at the time she struck was
about four miles off shore and from eight
to ten miles southeast of Consequina
Point. The chart of the coast in that lo
cality as issued by the hydrographic of
fice of the United States navy and cor
rected to November, 1897, shows from
twelve to fourteen fathoms of water four
miles off shore and no indications of rocks
or shoals at that distance from the land
There- is a small shoal about one mile
off shore and seven miles southeast of
Consequina Point. As the Starbuck after
striking ran thirty minutes for the land
at full speed, in which she must have
run three miles and then had seven and
a half fathoms of water, it was evident
that she was well outside of the shoal
In concluding their report the inspectors
said:
"After a careful consideration of the
evidence we are of the opinion that the
steamship Starbuck struck on an un
charted rock, and that Captain Brugiere
was navigating her in a careful manner
and did all that was possible to save the
vessel after she struck."
The inspectors placed the value of the
Starbuck at $ou,ooo. She was a total loss.
Eleven passengers and a crew of fifty
nine were on board and all were saved.
One-half of the 56ft tons of cargo on board
was saved; value unknown.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, June 16.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at all principal cities for the week ended
June 16, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $1,107,623,697 46.8
Boston 132,007,134 25.7
Chicago 115,986,827 C.9
Philadelphia ....... 83,505,952 17.4
St. Louis 29,460,740 7.S ....
Pittsburg 22,939,609 35.0
Baltimore 21,649,685 9.0
San Francisco 18,892,251 15. 6 ....
Cincinnati 13,543,300 29.5
Kansas City 10,767,356 — ....
New Orleans 7,551,635 11. 1
Minneapolis 10,i.;2!'.2:;6 21.3
Detroit 8,438,931 23.4
Cleveland 9.362,601 '-'<>. 5
Louisville 7,796,333 12.5 \
Providence 6,469,400 17.5
Milwaukee £> 070,222 .... 6.4
St. Paul 4,641,214 11.9
Buffalo 4,861,376 24.7
Omaha 567.213 .... 10.8
Indianapolis 6, 90."., 23.0 ....
Columbus, 0 4,853,000 28.2
Savannah ...; 2.160.251 30.1 ....
Denver 3,083,331 9.9 ....
Hartford 2,465,551 2.1 ....
Richmond 2,674, 618- 8.7 ....
Memphis 1.780.100 58.3
Washington 2,327,726 13.6
Peoria 1,411,985 12.1 . ..
Rochester 1,655,024
New Haven 1,852,638 27.7
Worcester 1.2C3, 657 16.5
Atlanta 1,247,773 1.3
Salt Lake City 2,182,322 20.4 ....
Springfield, Mass... 1,686,684 20.5
Fort Worth ".. 2,110,164 is. 3
Portland, Me....... 2,409,533 4.1
Portland, Or 1.639,607 .... 19.6
St. Joseph 3,321,753 .... 6.0
Los Angeles 1,821,492 33.7
Norfolk ■<!?", 12.4
Syracuse 1,128,561 .... ....
Dcs Moines 1.310,394 4.6
Nashville 1,230,000 13.2 ....
Wilmington, Del... 834,35] 20.3
Fall River 731,814 .... £.3
Serunton 1,111,295 27.8 ....
Grand Rapids 1,236,959 22.2
Augusta, Ga 936,415 52.9
Lowell 553,844 22.3
Dayton, 0 1.036,097 42.1
Seattle 1,723.973 27.5
Tacoma 771,311 25.9 ....
Spokane 1,430,850 76.9
Sioux City 947,588 3J.0
New Bedford 430,081 .... 29.9
Knoxvllle, Term.... 727.358 22.8
Topeka 404,794 .... 11.7
Birmingham 594,921 40.7
Wichita 451,533 2.7
Binghamton 355,100 5.4
Lexington, Ky 321,792 22.9 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... ■ 230,180 2.6
Kalamazoo 351.404 8.6 ....
Akron 434,000 50.1
Chattanooga 299,786 13.5
Rockford. 11l 295,595 10. 9
Canton. 0 304,500 40.5
Springfield, 0 250,042 34.4
Fargo, N. 1) 276,026 35.9
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 139,431 34.9
Hastings, Neb 119,237 4.3 ....
Fremont, Neb 129,949 59.2
Davenport 865.865 37.3
Toledo 2.157,620 24.4
•Galveston 5,391. 500 19.5 ....
•Houston 6,489,479 10.1
Youngstown 361,323 43.2 ....
Evansville 774.192 23.8
Helena 549,000 .... 11.0
Macon 423.000 1.9 ....
Little Rock 350,594 .... ....
Springfield, 111 421,444
Totals, IT. S $1,696,953,473 33.9 ....
Totals outside of
New York 689,331.775 15.1
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,857,604 7.9 ....
Toronto 9,403,560 13.0 ....
Winnipeg 1,871,869 4.0 ....
Halifax 1,216,542 3.7
Hamilton 746,969 20.3 . .
St. John, N. B 601,1 84 4.7
••Vancouver 724,079 .... ....
Victoria 570,000 .... ....
Totals J25.637.628 9.1 ....
•Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
♦•Not included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E TI dv Fault. Cal T C d'Estoille, Ralston
J Haas, Nevada A Cohn, Carson
N Steers, N V F M Conser, Wash
Mrs Gritman. Seattle TII Selvage, Eureka
.1 Bitbell, Sacto W Harlan, w & c, Pa
L B Merton, Cal J Ludwtg, Mariposa
R A Rogers. Cal J Sarsneld, Oroville
G Perano, B Jose E Willis Coluea
X Madison, S Mateo W II Bungs. ( . tl
J Connelly, Vallejo Mr? Kdioggr' Sacto
T H Wyatt, Oakland L Bmnson Buffalo
J Hill, Cal C P Howes Napa
W F Dillon, Cal B Falkerlng, Quebec
F Cox, Saoto J MeCormick, Salinas
A Jackson, Salinas IJ Sunderland, La
R Clawson, Arizona |W Hamilton, Boston
J H Jones, Grldley J Devendorf, San Jose
C A Norton, Minn 'H Blood. Chicago
(J Bryant & W, Seattle h J Evans, Napa
C Rannard&W. Wlnpg E M Wilson. Vallejo
]> Burkholder, Cal J Blarkstook, Ventura
H P Barker. Cal ! Mrs MeKenzie. Cal
H Hewke, Vancouver T Boland, c R l
H Shepherd Jr. Fresno W C Collins & w, I,a
J R McKay, Fresno T R Winters, Stockton
Q Miller & w, Cal R Marlln, S Lorenzo
C Moltzen & w, Cal J P Menville. N V
J Bondesar &w, Cal J H Roberts Sacto
F P Ide & w. Springfld J II Earle. Sacto
L Donley, Term
PALACE HOTEL.
h \V Fischer. N V R A Ainsworth Boston
Mrs Fischer, NY — Blom Sweden
G R Callis. Md E H Wilson Butte
W L Borstlcman, N V R H Wright, N V
0 Betheder, Argentine Mrs R T Evansi Nev
J W Oliver, Boston Mrs <; S Nixon, Nev
t; Kinling. ry, Utah Miss J MoAda'ms, 111
F B Winter, England A Nicolas N V
V L Millinffton, N V C G VViUe. N V
Mrs Mtllington, N V Mrs C G Wltte, X V
3 C Hulllday, Chicago M Freeman, NY
Mrs HalUday, Chicago Mrs M Freeman N V
B Herbst. N V H \V Freeman, 'n V
L A Nares, England G S Qrosvenor, N J
Mrs B fcj Corbin, Cal Mrs Qrosvenor N J
3 S Burke, NY C E Rommel 1' S N
Mrs J S Burke. NY H C Moore S Josa
Miss F C Burke, N V |C Warren Boston
G B McAneny, Law-|W S McPhail, Boston
rence C R Paul, Chicago
Mrs G B McAneny, Mrs T J Taught, < 'al
Lawrence ,Mrs M St George. Colo
C Edwards, N V |Mrs C A Sheets Cal
G II French, NY IF T Stein way, Cal
J G Croxton, Pa 'Mrs Stelnway, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Adams & w, Pa F M Crawford, Chigo
F It Smith. Vallejo T \V Winter, Buffalo
R L Hall, Cal J Mulroy, Plttsburg
11 11 St.-tson. Boston G J Gruber, Ariz
J J Long, Maine L Langton, Ariz
A R Moulton, Maine C A Williams. Portlnd
H Platt. Napa F Woodson, Seattle
J F Pfeiffer, Merced Mrs Muchy, Seattle
G II Young, Cal E Olsen, Seattle
A Fyfe, N V J Richard, Seattle
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay, open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lark In street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2f>26 Mir.slon street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tuck}- itreeta; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No.' s._R.""A ; M-. «
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) K\ LN .- wj%^
IN.;, June 17. at 7:30 o clock. M. M. %7
degree. l)v order of the H. r. Secretary.
degree. • U |.. l^ NKLIN h. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. £. and A a
M.. will meet THIS (SAT LRI A} ) XX
EVENING. June 17. at '^"^ ■^i\
Second degree By order of the mas- ' "»
Second FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary. |
■ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A a
M.-Of and members are ' le ™ 5 «fV
notified to attend the funeral of \\ il-^^
Ham Hunter, late of Redwood £ lt TTenl np le
Lodge No. 168. from the Masonic Temple.
EXCELSIOR Lodge N0166. F. and_ A. •
M.— Special meeting ST M>A\ M " K f V' «f#V
ING. June IS. at 9:30 o'clock, for lnp f&^
purpose of conducting the funeral '^
services of our deceased brother. !^AAC
DANIEL LEVY late a member of King
D^a Lod« No. 209, California Friends
are respectfully invited. 1»; order ''■ ule
master. THEO. E. .SMITH. Secretary. _
MISSION Lodge No. IC9. F. and A M - ik
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY } -«#V
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-^^^
. grtHi ' H. C. BUNKER. Secretary Fro Tern.
K. R B. RIFLES, Attention— Members -.
of this company shall assemble in uni- ,I^..
form at K. R. B. Hall. Mason and
O'Farrell sts., at 8 o'clock a. m. sharp
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY), June IS, to attend
our picnic. By order. ..
CAPTAIN T. J. MELLOTT, Commanding.
JAMES SMITH, First Sergeant.
IRISH Nationalists. Attention— Seventh m
annual picnic and reunion will be held »A
at San Jo on NEXT SUNDAY, June \£K6
IS, under the auspie-s of the Knights " l *-
of the Red Branch Rifles. Train leaves Third
and Townsend sts. at 9:15 o'clock sharp, stop- .
ping at Valencia St. __
THE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILINGS pile salve, $1 per |
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding, I
itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 162S Devisadero St., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for ii: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; teL 6520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 6S (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutehinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. on and
after TUESDAY. June 20, 1899. Transfer
books will close on WEDNESDAY, June 14,
1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley A- Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
good reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wants a place as
nurse or take charge of infant. MISS
DILLON, 315 Sutter St., 'phone Main 804.
YOUNG woman with good references wishes
a situation in the country as housekeeper,
seamstress or companion to Invalid lady. Ad-
dress or call at 530 Eighth St., Oakland.
GOOD experienced woman wants work as cook
or housework; city or country: good city ref-
erences. Women's Union, 7 Van Ness aye.
GOOD German cook wishes position in private
family or plain ironing in hotel. Address 1309
Stockton st.
HOLLAND Deutsch girl wishes place at gen-
eral housework; private American family.
Address CO2 Howard St.
HOUSEKEEPER wishes position in widower's
family; take charge of children. 215 Shotwell.
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mending
.to do at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
WANTED- of middle age desiring retired
position, will keep house or care for Invalid
In secluded home; moderate salary required.
Address box 554, Call.
RESPECTABLE young French lady wishes a
situation as governess or lady's maid in
American family; best of reference. 2529
Laguna st.
YOUNG respectable girl wishes situation as
chambermaid. Apply 16 Stockton place, bet.
Stockton st. and Grant aye.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply 152 Clin-
ton Park.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like to go to
country for summer for light services; neat
sewer; good home more object than wages.
Box 1535, Call office.
1 WANTED- Sewing and mending to do at home.
150 Fourth St.. room 12, first floor.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALEJ
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; ail kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
YOUNG man, several years' experience in first-
class merchant houses and banks in China,
Siberia, Russia and Germany, wants any
situation; bookkeeper and correspondent in
German, Russian and Polish; competent In
all office work; first-class references. Please
address M. W., 705 California St., room 37.
YOUNG man of good address, with experience
in grocery, drug store and printing office
wants steady employment; references. Box
4G2C, Call office.
YOUNG German desires a position as nurse or
indoor servant. M. W., 711 Bush st.
YOUNG man with best references wants situa-
tion; would invest $1000. Box 4020, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man desires employment on
private place; city or country; understands
care of horses and cows; handy with tools
and about machinery; well recommended.
Box 550, Call office.
YOUNG English gardener and porter; under-
stands care of horses; can milk and run gas
engine; quick, active and useful. R. HOL-
DEN, 1183 Park aye., Alameda.
HANDY man and rough carpenter wants
steady work of any kind; wholesale house,
factory or watchman. Box 552, Call office.
STRONG young man would like a situation:
willing to do any kind of work. Address box
556. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class barkeeper;
good mixer: city or country or extra work
done. HERMAN. l"0u Powell St.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
10 first-class waitresses for resort, Santa
Cruz; see proprietors here. C. R. HAUSEN
& CO., 104 Geary.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waitress, country hotel, $25; 10 wait-
resses for springs and resorts; 15 waitresses
for best commercial hotels In country, $20,
and many of them fare paid; 3 chambermaids
to wait, resorts, $20; 2 fancy ironers for hotel
laundry, $35; 3 waitresses, city. .$2O.
FAMILY ORDERS
Working housekeeper for country, $20; cook
for mining town, $20, fere paid, and about
40 neat, competent girls and women for cook-
Ing and general housework, $15 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A NEAT nurse girl to care for baby; must
have experience; see lady here, 8 to 10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses and chambermaid for
the springs, see party here; 3 waitresses for
Summer resort, $20 each; hotel and restaurant
waitresses for the city and country; second
work. Menlo Park. $25; San Rafael. $25;
Swedish second girl. $20; German second girl,
$20; laundress, $30; 3 fancy ironers, $10 week,
country, also city, $35 month; 3 German and
Swedish cooks. $30 and $25; restaurant cooK,
$7 week; housework. Palo Alto. $25: Sausa-
lito, $25; San Rafael. $20, and Antioch, $20;
also a number of girls for cooking and
housework, city and country. J2O and $25.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 310 Sutter Ft.
WANTED— 6 waitresses for first-class springs
this morning: see party at office; $20: call
early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutt«r st.
"WAITRESS for Monterey. $20 per month, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PANTRY girl, to assist waiting, country. $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WOMAN, 20 to 30. for housework, care of chil-
dren, no cooking, wages $15; comfortable
home and considerate treatment; dairy, 50
miles from San Francisco. Address U. (
Point Reyes, Marln County. Cal.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework
and cooking. 417 Fair Oaks st., near Twenty-
fifth. ,
WANTED— Protestant American girl to do
general housework; wages $10 month; call af-
ter 10. 706 McAllister st.
WANTED— lmmediately, good cloak hands, at
E. MESSAGER. 145 Post St.
A GIRL to attend a candy store at 44 Fourth
street. •
.WANTED— servant. 3Vi Larkin st. C.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED operators on gent's custom
shirts; steady employment. Rogerson's, 535
Valencia st.
TRUSTWORTHY Protestant woman for care
of child. Call at 1600 Larkin st.
GIRL for general housework, small family;
sleep home; references. 4*5 Fell st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and take
care of children. 2098 Market st.
WANTED— Young girl, 14 to 16 years, to help
in small family; no washing; $8 per month;
German girl preferred. For particulars in-
quire at AUG. JACQUEMET'S flower store,
236 Sutter st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trada
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. hX< Market.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 1761
Ellis st., between 1 and 5 p. m.
GIRL for genera] housework an.l cooking; no
washing or children. IV>2 Stockton, upstairs.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats: also appren-
tlce; steady Work. 354 Geary St.
|
HELP \\ \\ TED— MALE.
WANTED Blacksmith helper for ranch.
steady y,\,. $30 and found
FREE FARE
C haying hands and ranch teamsters
$1 50 per day
3 milkers $30
German second baker, country shop, fare
advanced, $30 and found ,
4 German and .Scandinavian laborers for min\
$1 75 per day to $70 per month, and others.
W. D. EWER <fc CO., 610 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER and Bt for largo
| ranch, $50 per month. W. D. EWER & to..
I 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Harry Jacobs, please call at office;
waiter for resort near city, $25. W D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
NO OFFICE FEE
TO-DAY ONLY
FOR THE COAST ROAD
FREE FARE FREE FARE,
SHIP SUNDAY
Laborers, teamsters, tunnelmen and rock-
men, $175 to $2 si) day
DO MEN WANTED
C. R. HANSEN <t CO.,
104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Neat young barkeeper, first-class country ho-
tel. $60; first-class butcher, country hotel, $75..
Second cuok, summer resort. $60; second cook,
springs. $40 and found; cook, summer resort.
$50; cook country hotel, $50; cook, country
hotel. $55; broiler. $45; third cook, springs,
|35; pantryman, springs. $2'>; baker's helper.
$25 and found; baker's helper, summer re-ort,
$25 and free fare both ways; 3 dishwashers,
$20 and found
Waiter, springs, $3o and found; waiter, res-
taurant, $30 and found; German waiter, coun-
try hotel. $25 ••
Head laundryman, summer resort. $oO ana
found; washer and starcher. summer resort,
$40 and found and free fare both ways
MISCELLANEOUS
Sawyer for gang edger, experienced In pine,
$6o and found; 3 fellers, $40 and found; pilers
and laborer*. $30 and found; fl farmers, $30
and found; 10 farmers, $1 25 day and found;
choreman, ranch. $25 and found; blacksmith,
country, $2 50 a day «
.. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
RAILROAD camp blacksmith, free fare, $3 day;
3 stonemasons, free fare, $3 day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEN power drill miners, $3 50 a day, see boss
here to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
<lea ry st.
J\MKS HALL, the baker's helper, please re-
port. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
TWO errand boys, this office. C. R. HANSEN
& i''.i.. 104 Geary Bt.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
fare paid by a large lumber company, for 20
common laboring men. no experience neces-
sary, for their sawmills and woods, $26 and
found, fare paid, to go to-day
10 lumber pilers. Placer County.. s3o and found
head donkey man Jack screwers
block setters shingle joggers
crosscut sawyers timber fellers
25 laborers for the gold mines, $1 &5 to J: 40
day; laborers for the coal mines
fare paid for 5 common laboring
men for the mines, $22 50 and found
bridge carpenter pattern maker
FOR A COMMERCIAL HANK.
10 teamsters; also 10 men willing to work,
no experience, to dig ditches and make them-
selves generally useful, $26 and found: man
to drive harvester, $2 day and found; men
for the hay fields and harvest
laborers for tunnel. $2 to $2 50 day; 15 pick
and shovel laborers, city, $1 75 to ?2 day;
blacksmiths, city and country, $40 and found
and $2 ami $2 50 day.
....FOR HOTELS. RESTAURANTS, ETC
Baker, country shop, $35 to $40 and found;
bakers' helpers, $15 and ?25 and found, porter
and runner, small country hotel, $20 and
found; cooks, city and country. $50, $-|n and
$35; baker, for camp. $40 and found; waiters,
springs and country hotels, $25 and found;
ranch cooks, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-
-636 Clay st.
HEAD waiter; also two waiters, same country
hotel. MURRAY .<-- READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOY for this office; one who knows the city
and lives with hia parents. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— 6 quartz miners. S2 50 day; 7 good
woodsmen. $35 to $40 and board, see boss in
(ity: 2 swampers. $40 and board; carriage
painter, $2 50 day: blacksmith for lumber
camp, $40 and board; blacksmith's helper,
$2 sii day; buggy washer, $30 an<l board; 50
farmers, $1 23 and $1 50 day and harvest
wages; 5 milkers, $25 and $30; laborers for
different kinds of work, $1 75. $2 and $2 40
day; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook and wife, private family, $&>;
cook and wife, resort. $40; hotel cook, $60;
second cook, hotel, $40; broiler, $fio; waiter,
$30; dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento Et.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— Broiler,
first-class hotel. $50; cook and wife, country,
$50; Frenchman, handy with tools, $30 ami
found; dishwasher for hotel, $2"; hot-l
butcher, $40; help for springs and summer
resorts; dairyman, private place, 525: etc.
WANTEIv-A steady man for indoor cleaning
and all-around work in winehouse: German-
speaking preferred. 13 and 15 City Hall square,
opp. Eighth st.
3 MEN wanted to stack hay, 1 to buck. 2 to
pitch. $1 25 day and found; man that under-
stands the Pctaluma can have long job. Ap-
ply 721 Franklin St., cor. Fourth. Oakland.
WANTED— lntelligent, reliable man for r--
sponslble position, $20 a week: must have $159
cash security. Western Invest. Co., 9 Geary.
WANTED— First-class painter to buy lot or
cottage and lot and pay in work. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
3142 Twenty-fourth St., between Howard and
Folsom.
BARBER wanted. 131 Third^r^
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 153
Fourth St., cor. Howard. __
BARBER for Saturday; good wages. 1036 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 624
Fourth st.
GOOD barber want..! 2503 Folsom st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. Call 623 Clay
street^ „
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wanted at 60 Clay st.
call 11 to 12 a. m.
Y( >UNO man to learn trade; must have money
to buy small business. BRO^ N. 332 Bush st.
WANTED— A good sober barber for Saturday
and Sundayjjrood wages. 529 Fourth st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 232 First St.
c,i w id second cook wanted at 432 Fifth st.
BOOTBLACK. 12 Sacramento st.
PLASTERER for patchwork. 391 Fifth st.
WANTED— laker, $30 month. 3025 Sacramento
street.
! WANTED— Young man to wash dishes. ISOS
Haight st.
WANTED— 2 tailors on pants and blouses. In-
quire of First Sergeant, Company X, casuals.
Presidio.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in i. H. Bernard, Sec, I*4 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
_356 Geary st.
BARBER, good workman, wants Job; city or
) country. Box 542, Call office.
BARBERS— 2Sc shop In prosperous mining
town for sale; $50. H. W. ATKINS. Ophlr,
W ANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms ; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WILSON House, 775 Mission St., near Fourth—
i 100 modern rooms with hot. cold water; free
! electric lights; elevator; 25c to $1 night.
WANTED — Expert dump men and powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON. 210 Spear »UHELP WASTED- Continued.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
i-rnl mines. Alameda County. Cal.: sufficient
n?w ground has been opened up during the
I]>HSt ninety days to make room lor forty coal
minors: no other class of labor is required.
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN .TOAQUIN COAL CO., R. 11.
NORTON, superintendent.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup: $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week:
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
MEN wanted— Laborers, driilmen and team-
uters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to ! ■'■ CKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st.
TO go this week— r.Ct) pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to Jl 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. E62 Mission st.,
b«st. Ist and id st?. : open 5 a, m. to 9 p. m.
GET your shoos half soled while waiting. 35c to
50c." $62 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d st«.
W \NTKD— "<' Pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devisadero and Broad-way, city.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; lOc per
nifrht. 6fc to Jl per wk. 10; New Montgomery.
BUSHJ 421. above Kearny— Choice rooms; gas
and stationary wnshstand: 15c. 25c up.
SMI.oRS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per nglit. LindelW ijth and Howard; read. mi.
MEN arid women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER _________ 1381-4 Eighth st.
E1.1.15. "..1 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
\\<-k or mo.; rati 1, :■:■•■ to $1 per night; re-
duoticn to permanent roomers; reading room.
PENSIONS— J. If. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys,
— Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, l,"c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to 52 ?,n week. Elcho House, -> ". Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 M:,rk.-t St.. below Sixth,
for a room; .5c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7'^fl : • ms, 2."> c night; rending room: free
'bus and baggage to nnd from the ferry.
- WANTED— To collect wages due laborers nr, 1
I clerks. Knox Pollution Agency. 11..' ■''■•ttcr st.
AGENTS ■ WA XTED.
"WANTED— A i.-. • pchopp's Giant Library:
cheap; salable; excellent: liberal terms. Ad-
dress Manager. 9.M Adeline st.. Oakland;
hours. 0 to 12 n. m., 7 to S p. m.
SELL Marie Heel Protectors, sample 10c: also
I,entlur Lustre: »am °'<- BROWN. 332 Bush.
PROPERTY WASTED.
CHEAP lots rienr car lines anywhere In San
Francisco. J. .T. EVANS, Real Estate and
Loans. Mills building.
ROOMS IVAN TED.
BY 2 adults, V, unfurnished sunny nxims near
panhandle; modern; reasonable Box . 43, Call.
11 It Mil !«.: WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th, buys, sells,
ex*, new fr M-hnnd fur., carpets, stoves.
W.WTED— MISCELLANEOVS.
WANTED— Piano lessons from German teacher.
H"X 4i27, Cal. office.
WANTED — To buy, a hair-picking machine.
Address, stating price, box 528. <'all office.
ROLLER top desk, second-hand; must be fine.
Box li'Kil, Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
With harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
FTONE. Elmhurst.
EDUCATIONAL^
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining: as-
saying:, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL- Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music. piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, star*
technique; 15 instructors: degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4, Odd Fellows' big, S. F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life
scholarship. %0; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly In 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns; other studies;
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
PRIVATE instructions In shorthand nnd type-
writing; improved method: $3 per month;
also typewriting done very reasonable. 365
McAllister st. .
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. Ban Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mk'.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi.: day _ eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market
LAW Schools. '.'27 Markets F. . and T<os Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English taught;
coaching specialty; vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
"EXPANSION*; the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 I- tkin st., opp. City Hall.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
If run:***. In wrapper, for mailing Jl per year.
Ml SIC INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for it
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same a* If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
ravments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 ' per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
us . San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
$2 50 PER mo. rents elegant cabinet grand up-
right; or pell cheap. 342 Kearny st.
A NEW Chickerlng and 3 Stein ways. Keefie's.
1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary; tel. Larkln 706
OUR specialty is renting new pianos. $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes St.
R A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. BOG to 312 Post st.
I A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on Bale) Heine, 136 Ellis.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put in
pale cheap. "Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung; Bros. 216 McAllister Bt
EOHMKR, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3CB
Post Ft.
W G. BADGER, lIS Sacramento Ft., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LEK _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE A- GALLAGHER— James~oT Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing:, S.r-sso Market st.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. "W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evening, from g to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room CO4. Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee with, succi-ks; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 860 Market, cor, Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market m.. opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ,. attorney "at law; pro-
Late ■■■: i guardianship; Sih floor Crocker bid*.
L S. CLARKE Emma Spreckels building,
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
HORSES.
40 I for sale; also wa^on^ buggies?
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse. Market
_|7 Sixth ft. ; auction sales ever.- Wednesday
gULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Jj/VVAY.S on hand; well broken road, business
_jid work horses. Chase it Men/lennall. suc-
fe*«.r,rs Kii:i|. & Co.: salesynrd. 1732 Market.
■ , "wagons and carriages.
SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 114" Folsom st.
sewlng machines.
_. f. MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
' ' machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr.' 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; r»-
mlrlci; at lowest rates. 203 Fourth at.
HL'SINESS CHANCES.
1 A— CIGAR Btore with club rooms and
laundry oiilce; choicest location; close to j
Powell and Ellis sts.; rare chance. R. O.
WILKE. 906 Market^at
j |Sob; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion ; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st. ____^_____
' a— S'"O— BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively cwuntry town, 18 miles from the city;
s rent $;:,. Including flat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. ■:■■■ Market st. L
A— sl2oo- BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $.1000; rent
' $25; horse wagon living rooms: a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKK. 906 Market.
A $450; BRANCH bakery in the Mission: 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clears about $10"J per month. R. I*. v\ ILKfc,,
906 Market i>t.
A— JIGGO; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rme ; one-half block from Wiclands Brewery;
daily receipts, about 526; cash trade only; a
j rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$4tO— GROCERY nd bar; 3 living rooms; south
of Market: rent $25: owner selling on account
of other business. M. LESS, ,*■> Market st
: $700— BUTCHER shop; 3:, miles from city;
I route of 13". regular customers; receipts from
$1600 to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS, :■"■ Market St.
I $400— OYSTER house and tamale factory, near
I Market; must be sold at once on account of
i oilier business In country- M. LESS, 7C5
Marl ■ • st
■ BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; a bargain;
I leaving city. COWING & CO., 993 Market st.
' A ROOMY house, 10 light rooms; bargain this
! day. COWING _ CO.. 995 Market) St.
I NOTICE to jewelers; $1500 stock, tools, fix-
i tures: bargain. COWING & CO: ."> 995 j Market.'
CATHOLIC book store bareain this day.
| COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
COFFEE and lunch room; great sacrifice; sick-
ness cause sale. COWING & CO.. 895 Market.
' PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
i to $i ■"■ a week; trial given: no experience re-
I tiuirtil. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
! COAL yard for sale; cheap. Western Invest-
| ment Co.. 9 Geary St.
' CUAL yard for sale; cheap. WESTERN IN-
VESTMENT CO., 9 Geary St.
' SALOON. 2 blocks north of Market; doing pay-
ins business; must be sold at once; great sac-
I rirtce. NATIONAL AGENCY, 783% Market.
j $io<K'— BAKERY: prosperous country town of
4000; store and wagon trade $20 day; supplies.
I 4 towns with bread; fine opening for hustler;
trade can be doubled. JONES, 865 Market st.
$12^0— MANUFACTURING business; established
10 years: accident .■:;-• of sale; paying busi-
neßs Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
I $.00— HALF interest in manufacturing business;
big profits. National Agency. 783% Market.
I LADY wants working partner with some cash
In good-payfng business; security for cash In-
i vested. Address M , 626% O St., Sacramento.
BOOK and paper store, in city: $200, half cash,
half on approved note; good location. Box
4741. Call.
' RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
business; Investigate bet. 2 and 4 p. m. USA
Ellis st.
Nf 15 — TO let; poultry stand in market; with
large trade. 1307 Polk st.
FOR sale— Delicacy store. 14S Fifth st.
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply at 2.14 O'Far-
rell st.
i FOR sale — Candy store. Address box 1600,
| Call office.
I BARGAIN furnishing and repair shop;
complete set of tinner's tools and machines;
stock of tin. agateware and house furnishing
tensile; for sale cheap on account of sick-
ness; store located at 20078 Fillmore st., city.
Address E. an EVERY, Eden Vale. Cal
FOR sale — established carpenter shop;
owner retiring from business; ret* cheap.
| ISI3 Unoin st.
• OLD-ESTABLISHED laundry route, with
i outfit; paying $7.' to $>.", per month; trial given
and will £ with purchaser until route is-
learned. Box 547, Call.
: BARBERS- Rare chance, good three-chair
I Shop;; bargain. DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis st.
I SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
; furnished, for sale. SO Jackson st.
BARGAIN— Must sell; going East; bakery, no-
tion and toy store. Cor. Union and Buchanan.
i GENERAL manufacturer wishes to communi-
■ cate with gentleman with $5000 or $10,000,
j greatest opportunity in this line in United
j States; full Information by address. Box
I 1516, Call office.
j FORTUNES in rubber and coffee; plantations
for sale; participation $10 up; write for pros-
| pectus. MEXICAN IMPROVEMENT CO..
I 2.0 California st.
I GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing- first-class
{ business; good location; 65 regular board»rt;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
| quire Call office.
FOR — Wine and liquor business, with
| lion? and wagon and everything that belongs
j to a wine cellar; selected route. 1411 Pacific.
! SNAP— Saloon; first-class location; must sell on
account of sickness; price $150. Inquire at
1 Call office.
• FOR sale— A good paying saloon. Inquire
I Rathskeller, 544 California st.
; RARE opening in daily Journalism. Address
' M.. box 1684. Call office.
I ______________________ __ _____ _— ™ — ____ _______
i SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
i C3G Third st.
I COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
! W. CASWELL & CO.'S., 415 Sacramento st. j
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$400— 10-ROOM cor. flat; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
30 rooms; new fur.- $250 cash, balance $10. .1000
i 22 rooms; on Howard st COO
MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
..A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
$100 CASH
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH; PRICE $450..
18-room house on Third st $375
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
j Country hotel and bar; M rooms 1800
5-room flat, near Emporium 250 j
15-room house; worth ffiOO 250
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. 1020 Market st.
10-ROOM house, new, elegant furniture, for
sale at a bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
85-ROOM lodging house: centrally located;
best In city; bargain. COWING & CO., 995
Market st. I
| $360- a-ROOM house, rear Market st. ; rent $40. !
$300—18 rooms: central: all rented: $150 cash. I
balance on time. A BILE. 875% Market st.
A— lSso— 1.'.-r-,. m lodging house, rent $40. clear-
ing $50 per month; Kearny st. R. G. WILKE. \
I 906 Market st.
j $300— LODGING house or 20 rooms for sale; '
rent $25. 72 Jackson St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
j FOR sale cheap— Furniture of 4 rooms; all
i new; rent $10. 45 Shipley st.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
I 50c. Eastern Outfitting Co . 1310 Stockton st.
i 4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S r,O. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR S ALE— M ISC I . LLANEOUsi
I _ _
BOILERS, engines, 'id-hand machinery? Mc- '
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
»6 MONTGOMERY Gordon setter FoT
, Scotch and Bkye terrier pups; also Manila
billy goat; a curiosity; broke for harness.
ENTIRE stock of A. N. BaUey-g fancy pigeons
cheap. 362 San Carlos aye., near 21st st.
HANDSOME gilt frame parlor mirror and oil '
I paintings for sale, cheap. 739 Pine st.
3 FINE horses for sale. Apply at 9 Ninth st.
FRENCH plate beveled mirror, 4SxG(FTn., 4-in ;
; maple frame; perfect condition; another 30x48
In.; a bargain. JONES, 547 Mission st. I
SINGER sewing machine; latest; new cheap" i
420 Precita aye.. near Alabama st.
\ ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe engine ■
boiler, ammonia tajik. White, 516 Mission! !
FIRE and burglar proof safe and National '•
carh register; cheap. 42 Main st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters i
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission et '
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought sold and exchanged. 1061 Mission st.
FOR Bale— very small thoroughbred black
nnd tan. pups. 713 Mission st. barber shop.
BOILERS, engine?, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants. $2 95: fine suits. $9 K. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial. !
a $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu- j
lar Price Hatter--. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine. |
SAFES— AII slices, new and second-hand. THE :
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all i
i 7.<- %; half original cost. 103-111 Market. S. F. I
PHYSICIANS. 7
DR. C C. O'UONNKLL, office an.l resldeace, ,
mi\* Market St., bet. CtU aod 7t_u
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 18915.
PERSONALS.
IN the goods of FREDERICK HAMMOND of
Dublin, deceased — Wanted, ROBERT, J.
HAMMOND, an heir of the above named;
I",):! in Dublin; last heard of In Sydney, N.
B. W. Apply to T. V. RYAN, IS Stephens
Green. Dublin.
LINCOLN BROS.-- ~~
Sell Egsrs, 15c doz; Butter. 30c roll; 2 lbs
coffee, _;c; 5 cans Deviled Ham, 25c; 6 cans
Sardines, Hie; 3 cans Table Peaches, 25c;
large cans Jelly. 10c; 12 lbs Beans, 25c; 4
cans Best Tomatoes. 25c: 5 cans Baked Beans,
•25c; 3 cans Milk, 25c; Flour, 75c sk; 19 lbs
Gran. Sugar, $1. "We. pay freight 100 miles.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica gives the beautiful
gloss to hair you admire so much; Sac bottle;
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
ASK LEDERER for Scheffier's Colorine; 'twill
restore gray or bleached hair to its natural
color foi $1 50 to ?5; price 7oc per box; hair-
dressing, 25c; switches. $1. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 gutter St., - Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. 25th; Guerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 931.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post et., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 1306 Stockton 6t
DR. CREELS Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. j
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending ~ at • 271 \
1 >' !'.irr-ll st., room 12. j
RUPTURE, stricture, cured, no knife; no injec- I
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ab. Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
LADIES', tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. ISI4 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI. 313 Sutter st
A— Ladles, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought, j
. sold; lei. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st. ;
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. !
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth. I
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny. !
"WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte, |
Jeweler. 248 O'Farroll. bet Powell & Mason. I
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary St.: dresses made. $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN. |
SPIRITUALISM. !
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium, :
life reader: also medical clairvoyant; treats ;
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send |
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free. t
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
pamii.-t; satisfaction or no pay; developing
and test circles Monday. "Wednesday and Frl- I
day evenings; 2oc. 234!. Sixth st. •
CRINDLE, slate writer, telegrapher; sittings, i
; :. developing seance Sat. eve., 25c. 323 Ellis, j
MKS. MISNA FRANCES. Independent slate- |
writing medium. lIS Haig*t st. ;■;...
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon., S; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 313 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MIS* J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair- :
voyant and medium; those In trouble or. who
wish to know their future should consult this '
gifted medium immediately, either in person •
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by which she can reveal your j
entire life; also the lives of those in whom
you are interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mail, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket .-•
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and :
card reader; born with double veil and sec- j
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read- ■,
ing; Indies, 50c; gents, $1; sit.. $1 50. 128 Turk, j
WONDERFUL success of of Mine. Cllngman,
from New York; scientific palmistry and !
astrologist: readings i-Oc and $1. 513 Tenth i
St.. Oakland.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from New York, palm-
ist and card reader. 110 A Geary st . rooms !
; and 2. - |
MRS EDWARDS. clairvoyant and card I
card reader. Room 7. 520 Bush St. first floor. i
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmstry. 203
Post St., room 1. i
Miss TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader :
and palmist. 36>-j Geary St., rooms 1 and 3. j
GYPSY QUEEN has returned; clairvoyant and
palmist. 204 Ellis St.. rooms P.:, to 36.
MISS IRENE WILSON, card reader and palm- ;
Ist. 120 Ellis Ft., room 6.
MISS SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye., |
room 6; card reading and business advice.
2 LADIES lately from the East: palmistry '
and card rending Room 2, 17 Grant aye.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth, r. 12. .
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist. '
lOCS Market Bt, room 2. ' I
MISS M. FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12, i
311 Grant aye.
MME. RAVENA reads life .fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag- j
lift Ist. 207 Powell St., rooms 5-6.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear-
ny St.. room 34; French and English spoken. j
MRS. KOI'P, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 50c. 18 I^ewls St., off Taylor, nr. Post. |
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush at., rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist. I
Parlors 12 and IS, second floor. K." 1 .. Market. \
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom- !
etrist: parlors 2 and 3. 996 Market st. 1
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours, j
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6. j
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st.: clairvoyant, i
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: !sc. i
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card j
reader; 2f.c up. 7?, Fourth St.. near Mission. I
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c': ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
PALM 15'- KIT.
NEERGAAKD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
malne. 616 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyde
8621; • reading by mall, $1. '
YOUR fat- is in your hand: scientific palmis-
try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market St.. r. 30.
PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
perfection. 34 Sixth St., room 8.
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist, 918
Bush St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
JTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium: minerals
located; lucky days: palmistry. 319 McAllister.
DENTISTS.
DR"~T *8 HIGGIN6' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market St.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior I
work done on the teeth is always the most ,
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth !
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1 ; plates
from $5. "We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and ;
bridgework until August 1 to introduce our !
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and brldgework teeth without a plate; fill- ;
ings. 50c: crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted.' CHICAGO 1
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SO9 Mar- :
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldjj.. you can |
have youp- extractions done painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty: gold crowns, i
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of- j
fice hours. 9a. m to 10 p. ! m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2 ',
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly' by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. 52; bridges, $4; ;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings. 25c up; gold j
crowns, $"; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired, NEW
YORK DENTISTS. SG9 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. -near j
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. Me up; crowns,
'$3 up; open cv'gs. S5O Market St.
SET of teeth without a • plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st
" STORAGE^ '
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
Vii Mission; Kcuds guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIL'ItCE St TAYLOR, packing and storage of '
furn. & H. B. goods. 73; Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
.1..,, 4CI Pott st., cor. Powell; tel. Mala 5711 j
HOUSES TO LET.
2 FTN^Tl^s^^ir^^^sllsTTw^nTy^f^r^
near Guerrero; 7 rooms each; in perfect con-
dition; rent very reasonable; see them. E. G.
' DE.NNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first Et. _-i
HOUSE, 11 rooms, ?25; for rooming house. 623
Second st. '
HOUSE of 6 rooms: nice yard and cellar. 1133
Folsom st.; cheap. ■ :
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1C Montgomery ■ st. . ■■• .
SUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath. $724 Brod-
erick St., near McAllister; rent $22.
FUH.MSHEI) HOISES TO LET.
MISSION, 2533. near Twenty-second— B rooms
partly furnished: modern built; latest Im-
provements; water free. Room 8, Flood, bldg.
TO LET— 9 rooms and bath, with piano, $43.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Mar-
ket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 3 rooms, $S. Inquire at' grocery
Jersey and Sanchez Btts., near Twenty-fourth.
SUNNY cottage. 4 and 6 rooms; flat. 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near Dolores.
__ FLATS TO LET. .
A NICE flat of 5 rooms; partly furnished: rent
reasonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m., 35
Turk st. ■ '
A— slo; 4 ROOMS and bath; yard; sunny cor-
ner; upper flat. 114 San Jose aye.
BEAUTIFUL modern 8-room corner flat. Cor-
ner Howard and Nineteenth sts.
COZY flat; 3 rooms, bath; modern. 3 Middle
St., off California, near FlUmore.
FLAT— rooms, $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $10 26.
623 Second st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath. 716
Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth; $12.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWEUU.
10 Montgomery st. -
FEW steps from City Hall, fine sunny top flat;
. C rooms, bath. 10 Grove st.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath: $16: repairs to
cult. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom: $12. 2419 Clay St., near FHlmore.
$IS— PARLOR, bedroom, dining-room, kitchen,
bath, toilet, cellar, yard. 1917 Geary St.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ADELINE. 954. Oakland— Pleasant sunny fur-
nish, housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable;
near local. *
BRODERICK, 1924, cor. Sacramento— unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; or with stove
and carpet.
BRYANT. 464, near Third— rooms, complete
for housekeeping; private family; bath; ref.
BUSH, 1203, nr. Hyde— Flat, 4 rms. partly fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas; bath; piano.
CLAY, 3940 — Large front bedroom, kitchen; use
of parlor; no children; price $10.
CLEMENTINA, 291—2 large sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; water; kitchen: cheap.
CLEMENTINA, 707—2 front light connecting
housekeeping rooms; stove; laundry; bath;
rent $10.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished connecting house-
keeping roms: no children: private residence.
FIFTH, 34S— Suite rooms furnished for house-
keeping: complete.
FOLSOM, 635, near Third— Housekeeping and
single rooms; furnished; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 1136- 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
FRANKLIN, 203—2 sunny furnished rooms;
kitchen: bath; corner. -
GEARY, -Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
suites; other rms.: privilege light hkpg.; tel.
GEARY. 1917—118; for adults; 4 comfortabla
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stove?; gas and coal.
HOWARD, 704. cor. Third— Fine large sunny
rooms on first floor; suitable housekeeping,
HOWARD, Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
LEAVENWORTH, 811— Sunny 4-room floor for
couple; bath; yard: $12.
LAI'.KIN, 3V16— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete: gas range; bath.
MISSION. 953— One or two rooms complete for
housekeeping; cheap.
MISSION, 1063 Room for housekeeping; also
single rooms.
MISSION, 112,V~— Large front room; front room
and kitchen; good stoves; $S and $10.
SECOND, 127— Sunny housekeeping rooms, $1 50
per week.
SEVENTH, Newly painted large furn. mis;
Ist floor; front garden; back yard; stove.
SOUTH PARK, 159. near Third and Bryant—
Front rooms for light housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Housekeeping
rms.: complete: newly tinted; $S up; homelike.
TURK, 543 Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove; $3 25 week.
WASHINGTON, 2987— Upper floor, 3 large sunny
unfurnished housekeeping rooms: rent $16.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 -pages, sent to any address In the
United Statf-s, postpaid, for $1 per year.
________ ___—
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 kearny Pleasant
sunny- rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor ets.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms, 50c to $1 nO day. MRS. J. KING.
BUSH, 1124. cor. Hyde Beautiful rooms, $10 and
$12; sun, bath, running water; home- comforts. _
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLEMENTINA, 285— Sunny furnished front
room.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELI-IS, 742— Tastily furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; will allow light housekeeping; $9.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 week and up.
FOLSOM, 848 Sunny furnished front rooms,
single or double, cheap.
GEARY. 14A— Large well-furnished suite, run-
ning water, $20 mij. ; hkpg.: others. $150 wk.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 3 1 ? Sutter, near Stockton —
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator; free baths.
Ki:.\ UN V. 326 — Sunny second parlor, with use
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife, in private family; rent cheap. Inquire
shoe store.
LINDEN aye., 358 Nice sunny front room fur-
nished; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; call in
the evening.
MARKET. 1035. bet. 6th and 7th— Several choice
front sunny suites; also single; from $1 50 up.
MoALLISTER. 513— Neat furnished. room; gas,
bath, hot and cold water; $6 per month.
OCTAVIA, 418—1 or 2 sunny furnished rooms,
with or without use of kitchen.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 129 A, nr. Powell— Neatly frnshd.
rms.: bath; gas; quiet; home comforts.
POLK, Unfurnished front room; one or
two small furnished rooms.
POST, 629. bet. Taylor and Jones— Sunny fur-
nished room suitable for two.
POWELL, 15— Newly fur. . new management;
single, double, transient; next to Columbia.
POWELL. 17— Large and small, well kept rms.:
gentlemen preferred; convenient to theaters.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
' near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, cor. Howard— Single fur-
nished room, ?1 a week.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms; also
rooms for housekeeping; moderate.
THE WALDORF, 24 Fifth st., near Market—
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 2'), near .Market— Sunniest rms. In S.
F. ; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURK, 39, cor. Taylor— Housekeeping and
- sunny single rooms reasonable. . . .
TURK, 10S%. nr. Taylor— Prettily frnshd. rm.
for gentleman; quiet; private; central; $12 mo.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 8219, near Folsom—
sunny bay-window front room: also 2 bed-
rooms; use of bath; private family; rent
reasonable.
VAN NESS, aye., 43— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bay-window suite; kitchen; also other
rooms.
WEBSTER. 919. cor. Golden Gate aye.— 2 large
front rooms furnished; $12.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,'
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ELLIS, 112;— Sunny front room suitable for
two; board optional; private family.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. *«5: double. $20.
HOTEL Victoria. 110S Hyri», oor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath; board optional.
SITTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
POWELL. 3CS (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
eg.— Furnished suites and single rooms; In
business locality for table boarder*.
CHILDRK.V BOARDED.
WANTED— 2 children to board, in the country;
kindergarten training and pleasant home sur- '
roundings; references exchanged. Address i
P. O. box 37. Palo Alto, Cal.
GERMAN woman has good home for one or
two children; terms reasonable. 4464 Na-
toma st.
WANTED— One or two children to board; also
room. 439 Minna st.
INFANTS boarded: confidential. Box 700. Call
office.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and ice ;
cream parlor 1035 Market st.: populnr pricei '
STORES TO LIST.
NINTH, corner Bryant— Large store: good fix-
tures; rooms and stable; rent low.
STORE to lease — First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
Bts. MADISON & BURKE. 62S Market st.
$11— STORE, with counters and shelving; 3
rooms. 10ns Natoma St., near Eleventh.
OFFICES TO LET.
SUITE of office rms., fur.: west side; 143 Pow-
ell. below O'Farrell: occupied by doctor S yrs.
EXPERT OPTICIANS^
GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician: !
charter member American Association of Op- j
ti-ians. 1071H Market st.. S. F. ; examinu- |
tlon free; open evening. j
MEDICAL.
A RT'RE. safe and speedy «.ure for ail female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their |
case before going elsewhere; they will find j
in her a true friend; a home for patients. I
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital j
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR GWYER, M" Eddy
Bt.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
| A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYIZTH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to E and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace :
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief, ■
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market Bt.;
pills, $1: very strong, $2. j
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from wha'evrr
cause; positively no instruments used, guar-
anteed cure at office, $r>; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy. |
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Marnet St., Between |
Mason and Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7 I
to S p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
i IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical scl- i
ence for female troubles. from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no !
matter how long standing: travelers helpel
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's ;
knowledge; cure, |5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; enn be sent; consultation '
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years. I
DR. POPPER. 318 Kenrny St.
I A — DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned I
I fem.-ue specialist, relieves monthly irregulari- ]
t:es, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell baa |
treated sucessfully more cases of irregular!- j
ties than any other physician; never fails to !
i cure: consult him first, save time and money; :
I ■ treatment car. be ured at home; consultation I
free; call or write. 1023 Vi Market st.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay Ft.. San Fran- I
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by CM- '
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
ami 7 to it p. m.
I ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st. ; J1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. SSI X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
j ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female ttoubles; no danger; safe cure; $: 50;
! expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
j OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
\ A- OR. and MRS. SILVA. 215V4 Mason St.—
Private home in confinement: ladies' frlen'l
in trouble: terniß reas. ; call and be convinced.
; REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
i and Linden, Oakland; home In confinement;
| children adopted out. Take Grove-st car.
I DR and Mrs. Wise. 111S Market st.— lnstant re-
j lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home (hiring confinement; best of
attendance. Address box 527. Call office.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
, DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets, C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
I WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 5:.."-557 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
! CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister st.. cor. Larkin: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Ftevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. SOS Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 348.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
LOST.
LOST— Brown pocketbook in or near Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, containing 2 keys, some sil-
ver and 2 prescriptions. Return to £>0S Clay-
ton st.; reward.
LIGHT overcoat, on San I>>andro road, bet.
Alameda and Haywards, Tuesday. June 13;
good reward. Return or notify R. B. HAMIL-
TON. 1275 Webster St., Alameda.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. M.i
SATURDAY, June 24. 1599, and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Nupa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for six months commencing
July 1, 1899, and ending; December 31. 18J9.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. will
carefully follow- the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
ig in accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bi4der will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia, room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES^ I
Notice is herebJ' given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, is? 9, and
ending September 30, 1599, with the following
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions. 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
mlllstuffs. 6. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids will be opened Friday. June 30, 1599, at
7:30 p. m., at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue. Oakland. Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc.. can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
ai.d all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured in California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are In-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
j GEO. S. MEREDITH, Secretary.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY~~
THOMAS MAG ICE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WESTERN ADDITION HOUSES AND LOTS.
. »7500 AND UPWARD.
$5250 only; Fust residence; north side, near 1
Franklin; 26x137:6 and good 2-story 10-room I
house; mortgage $6500 can remain at 6 ,* per I
cent.
Sacramento st. : large residence lot and small
house; near Octavia: 55x137:6: $13,000.
' McAllister st.: fine corner flats; rents Fill; lot
37:6x100; this side Devisadero; $17,00).
Octavla-st. .residence; near California; 39x|
137:6; 10- room modern house; $10,000.
Webster st.: 5 houses; rents $100; 5 rooms ami
bath in each; large lot; $13,500.
Northwest cor. Gough and Geary; 27:6x110 and
fine residence on corner: also 2-story fronting
Geary st. ; reduced to $13,000; make offer.
Sunny corner residence, northwest .-or. Web-
ster and Clay; 3"xf.i>: 110,000. .
Very fine residence and lot, north 7 side Cali-
fornia, near Buchanan; 2.7:6x137:6; the house Is
a stylish and very solid one; rents $60; $S5OO.
Washington-st. residence: $9000: nearly r.ew
2-story basement and attic. S rooms, basement, I
etc.; fine home in a good neighborhood; bet. |
Scott and Devisadero.
Post st.; 75x137:6 and fine 2-story cottage; fine
grounds; $9000; make offer.
Northwest corner on California and Webster; i
53xSO and. 3 2-story and planked basement
houses, in finest of order; rents ' $110; price I
$16., 000: always rented.
' $12,506— $90; residence and flats; lot 55x
120 to rear street: Fell Ft., north side, bet. Bu-
chanan and Webster.
Sutter st., near Fillmore; 3-story building;
rents $90 steadily; only $K'.<Wl.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS AND HOUSES
AND LOTS. $7000 AND UNDER.
Fulton-st. flats; $6750; near Devisadero; rents
$62 50; lot 27:6x137:6.
$7000— Cor. clay and Eaker; 27:6x102 and 2-
story residence: in fine order.
Buchanan st., bet. Pine and California; 55
feet front and 2-story dwelling; good view;
$6000.
Cottage and lot 25x55; Buchanan St., bet.
Washington and Jackson; $5800,
Reduced to $5250: rents $4.".; California St.; 2
flats, ,'» and 6 rooms each; bet. Biker and Lyon;
lot 25x137:6.
55500-^Rents $45; flats. 6 and 7 rooms each;
cost $4000 to build; Union st., in the business
portion, near Irfipuna.
Modern flats on Oak st., facing* Park; lot 25x
100; rent for $47 50; very cheap at $4800; Oak st.
accepted and bltuminized.
Cottage and 2-story building and lot 39x
60; rents $27; Reideman St., near O'Farrell.
Reduced to $3250; rents $40; business property;
Point Lobos aye., near First aye.; 50x100; saloon
and grocery and rear houses.
6-room house and large lot, 50x125; Piedmont
St., in Flint Tract: J4OOO. ■
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
" Montgomery st.
ONLY $545 — sacrifice; the cheapest lot in
Richmond; lot 25x120.
Ninth aye., near Point Lobos aye.': graded;
street graded, macadamized and sewered; a
fine purchase; cash or in installments; $50
first payment.
W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
IF you liave lots north of Golden Gate lark.
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. OUNN. 410 Montgomery.
IF your property is mortgaged an 1 you r>f*d
»or« money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market «t.
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
ly decorated; hot air furnace: all. possible
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader sts.,
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
IF your property is mortgaged arid you ni~«1
mere money see H. MURPHY. «30 Market «t.
$875 — BARGAIN; house and lot on San Bruno
road car line: must be sold this week. J. J.
EVANS, real, estate and loans. Mills bldg.
POST. 762, near Leavenworth — Elegant dwell-
ing. 12 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st.
1) your property is mortsraced and you need
more money Fee H. MURPHY. 630 Market St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, ]
1€ pages, in wrapper, for mailintr. $1 per v»ar. I
coi'Vi'itv r;:a i, kstatk.
NEW rich land near city; small and largo
tracts: 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7SCO
acres 'eft. For particulars of Immense crops i
raised in dry season of ISS7-9S address THE !
COTATI CO., 302 California st., S. F.
FRUIT, p,r!.ir and stock farms.
W. D. HOLOOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
NICE improved residence in Berkeley, with
beautifully laid out grounds, for small im-
proved farm In bay counties; must have good
water facilities. Box 4628, Call office.
160 ACRES good grazing land In Monterey
County; 75 acres tillable; plenty of wood;
what have you? Address box 4601. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AX, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at CM per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 84C Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people : real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third st.
TO borrow money quick. J. EVANS, Real Es-
tate and Loans, Mills bldg.; notify, will call.
REAL estate, 6 per ce*nt: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rotes: Ist and 2d mortgs.; i
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and .clothing.
STRAIGHT tip: (to where you can save inter- ;
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason St.
IF your property Is mortgae-f-d and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS' of money to loan on property in or near
Oakland at moderate rates; quickly arranged: !
flat loan or installments. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON. Broker, 1058 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRNITI RE FOR SALE,
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and. Franklin, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— New House, S rooms and hath; lot r,n\
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
" tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapin.
ALAHEOA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large I
grounds: private MRS DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE : buying in Berkeley see our -splendid '
building sites In the scenic park; adjoins the I
university grounds: you don't have to walk !
8 or '10 blocks to and fro from .college. O'G.
• MAY & CO.,'. 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
I MUST ; sell at once; if you want a home in
Berkeley you'll buy if you investigate this;
cheap at $2500: I'll take $1900 this week; near
v university and Berryman station; location
" fine; 'large 6-room cottage, basement, large
attic. Box 2045 Call office-Oakland.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
8 ROOMS and bath, furnished, piano, cheap to '
August 1. FREESE & CODDINGTON, Berke- I
ley Station. ' . . . '
" MARRIAQE LICENSES^
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Hugo P..Trau and Rose Myers 26-19 j
Auguste Huchard and Ella C. Mattson 40-40
George B. Kelley and Emma R. Page 23-25
William Ueed and Lillian McGlnty 28-22
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KELLY— In this city. June 13. &99, to the j
wife of P. J. Kelly, a daughter.
McDONALD— In this city, June 2. 1599. to the I
wife of A. C. McDonald, a daughter.
SCHAD— In Angels, Cal.,- June 11. 1*99, to the !
wife of George H. Schad, a son..
"married.
CARROLL— KOSBY— In this city, June 15,
1899, by Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of the (
First Christian Church. Henry E. Carroll
and Hilda C. Kosby, both of this city.
COBL'RN— SCHRODER— In this city, June 14.
1599, by Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor of the
First Christian Church/ Ira W. Coburn and
Augusta W. Schroder, both" of this city.
OLAGUEZ— In this city. May 31,
1899, by the Rev. Herbert Parrish. Thomas
Olaeuez sad Sarah M. Brown, both of this
city.
"'■ '. DIED.
Adams, Mary A. Parry, Frank F.
Anderson, Lorine M. Plato. Augusta
Blver, Louise S. : Romalne. Nicholas
Carroll. Bridget Russell. Mary
Cliipchase, Mary A.' Seligo. William B.
Devaney. John Sheehan, Daniel J.
Duncombe. Lucy M. Stewart, Hattie
Grote, Sister Sophie Siemer, Gesine
Hunter. Joan N. Slmonsen. Marie
Lavin. Michael Upward, Sidney O.
Levy, Isaac D. Tschiember, John
Little. Robert Walker. Catherine
Meyers, Annie E. Walter. George
Morris. Honorah Woodward, Wm. H.
ADAMS— In this city, June 16, 1899 Mrs. Mary
A. Adams, sister of Mr-. James G. Chown.
a native of Buffalo. N. Y.
Interment at Napa, Cal., to-morrow
(Sunday), June IS.
ANDERSON— In Oakland. June V.. 1599, Lorine
Mary Anderson, beloved daughter of John
and Minnie Anderson and sister of William
Caesar and Albeit John Anderson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 14 years 3 months
and 15 days. BffHHI
BIVER-In this city, June 12. 1899, Louise Su-
sanna, beloved child of August Biver, and
twin sister of Annie Lizzie Blver, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and 18
days.
C "Remains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street.
CARROLL— In this city, June 14. 1889. Bridget,
wife of the late Patrick Carroll and mother
of the late William Carroll, a native of the
Parish of Leltrim, County Galway, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1420 Montgomery street, thence to
St. Francis" Church, Where a solemn requiem
■ high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. : In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CHIPCHASE— In Alameda, June 15. 1899, Mary
A. Chlpchase, beloved wife of the late John
Chipchase, aged 82 years 9 months and Vi
days.
DEVANEY— In this city. June 16. 1899, John
Devaney, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
DUNCOMBE— In Oakland. June 12. 1599. Lucy
M., beloved mother of W. A. Duncombe. a
native of New York, aged S4 years 2 months
'and 12 days.
HUNTER— In this city. June 16, 1599, Joan N.
G. Hunter, widow of the late David Hunter,
a native of Scotland, aged 18 years and 2
months.
IT.?* Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Monday, June 19, at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 903 Van
Xess avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
LAVIN— In this city. June 16, 1*99, Michael,
beloved husband of Bridget Lavin and father
of Mrs. G. Peters, Mrs. J. O'Brien. Mrs. J.
Pries and J. Lavin, a native of Ireland,
aged 68 years.
LEVY— In this city. June 15. 1«99, Isaac IX
Levy, dearly beloved husband of Mollie
Levy, father of Aaron and Harry Levy,
brother of Joseph 11., Abram H. and Alex.
Levy Bnd Mrs. A. Kramer and Mrs. S.,
Thai) and son of the late Shanna Levy, a
native of Germany, aged 50 years 3 months
and 11 days. (San Luis Obispo papers please
coi y.i
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 816 Green street, thence to Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where the service will be held, commencing-
at 10 o'clock, under the auspices of Board
of Relief. Member of King David Lodge. No.
209, F. and A M.: Court Washington No. 37,
F. of A., and Unity Lodge, T. O. B. B.
Cremation at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LITTLE— In this city. June 14. 1599,' Robert,
beloved husband of Isabella Little and father
of Robert and Martha Little, Mrs. William
Bell, Georre and David Little and the late
Bella and William Little, a native of Eng-
land, aged 57 years. (Boston, Mass., papers
[ please copy.) • ■ '
(T?*Frionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. -16 Vallejo street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HARMONY Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W.— Of-
ficers and members are requested to assem-
ble this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at 816
Vallejo street, to pay the last tribute of
respect to our deceased brother, Robert Lit-
tle JULIUS THIERBACH, M. W.
D. Mi EENBY, Recorder.
MEYERS— In this city. June 16. 1899, Annie
Elizabeth Meyers, . beloved daughter of
I Charles and Mamie Meyers and sister of
Nettie and the late Charles Peter Meyers
and granddaughter of Peter and Margaret
McMahon, a native of San Francisco, aged
5 years 1 month and S days.
MORRIS— In this city, June 15. 1899, Honorah.
beloved Wife of Julius Morris, a native of
Ireland, aged 69 years and 1 month.
p. -'The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the Fair-
mount Hotel. Polk and Market streets,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PARRY— In this city. June 15, 1899, Frank F.,
beloved husband of May Parry and son of
Mr and Mrs I. Parry and brother of Mrs.
J. McCarthy, Mrs. William Lyons and Miss
Mamie fan' and son-in-law of Mr. and
Mrs William Van Valkenbergh. a native of
California, aged 21 years 1 month and 20
days.
(C?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock from the residence or his father-
in-law, 107 Guerrero street, between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from.
Fourteenth and Guerrero streets. Interment
private.
PLATO— III this city, June 16, 1899, Augusta
Plato, a native of Prussia.
ROMAINE— In Haekensack. Bergen County,
N. J., June 16.. 1599. Nicholas T. Romaine. a
native of New York.
RUSSELL— this city. June 16. 1899.' at St.
Vincent'? School, Mission street, between
Second and Third. Mary Russell, a native of
St. Louis,. Mo.
' ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SELIGO— In this city. June 15. 1899. "William
Edward -:.-*i .. beloved and youngest son
of Joseph End Anna Seliro and brother of
Ambrose. Alexander and Joseph Seligo and
grandson of Mrs. and the late Henry Fey,
a native of San Francisco, acred 25 days. ■
SHEEHAN— In Oakland. June 15. 1898, Daniel
J., beloved son of Bridget and the late Dan-
' iel Phee^an and brother of John, Jerry and
Annie Sheehan and Mrs. Connie Newel, a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 9
months and 10 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the- funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother on Union street, between
Green and ' Bay, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 18 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.
SIKMER— In South San Francisco, June 14.
' 1899 Cosine Siemer, dearly beloved wife of
' Fred Siemer and devoted mother of Mrs. J.
Peterson Mrs. C. Mathers, Mrs. F. Don-
nelly' and' Fred Jr.. Henry. August and
. Charles, Siemer. a native of Germany, aged
54 years 2 months and 14 ' days.
B>Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Mr. F. Donnelly. 1437
Seventh avenue South. South San Francisco.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage. - ■
SIMONSE.7— In this city, June 16, WO. Marie
Simonsen, beloved mother of 'Mrs. Anni»
Kramer, 1 Mrs. Christina Teal! and Ella and
Stella Simonsen, a native of Norway, aged
41 years.
STEWART— In this city, June 15, 1899. Hatti<«
Stewart, beloved cousin of Mrs. Silas .lack"-
-■ son -of Oakland, a native of Baton Rouse,
La., aged 3S • years.
TSCHIEMBER— In City and County Hospital,
June 16. 1899, John Tschiember, a native of
Fiance, aged 59 years.
UPWARD— In Alameda. June 14. 1899. Sidney
Ollard, beloved son of Walter and Josephine-
Upward and brother of Charles Henry Up-
ward a native of California, asred 4 years
4 months and 20 days. (Sacramento .papers
please copy.)
. ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence.
1528 St. Charles street, between Santa Clara
and Railroad avenues. Interment private..
WALKER— In City and County Hospital. June
16, 1599, Catherine Walker, a native of New
York, aged 4.". years.
WALTER- In City and County Hospital, June
16, 1899, George Walter, a native of Ger-
many, aged 46 years.
WOODWARD— In Alameda. Cal.. June 15, 1899.
William H. Woodward, beloved husband of
Libbie Woodward and brother of Captain
Charles G. Woodward, Fourth Artillery. U.
S. A., and George M. Woodward, a native
df Baltimore, Md., aged 49 years 9 months
and 8 days.
(C^Funeral services will be held this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1023 Taylor avenue, A lam. -da. Crema-
tion private at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
YOUNG Ladies' 'Institute— Sisters: An anniver-
sary requiem high mass will be offered for
the r«uose of the. soul of our late grand
president. Sister Sophie A. Grote, Monday,
June 19, at 9 o'clock,' in Holy Cross church.
Eddy and Scott streets. All members and
friends of the order are Invited to attend.'
. MRS M a. NAGLE. Grand PrOident.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Grand Sec.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
i Telephone SouUi SO. ' :■-.. rvi>>'
1314
SCHOOL HONORS WON BY FAITHFUL PUPILS.
Interesting Graduation Exercises
Held by Many of the
Higher Classes.
Much Dissatisfaction Among Pupils, Parents
and Teachers Over the System
of Examinations Enforced
This Year.
was the hist day
■ • •.
It was not al! of pleasure,
for many found their year's
kvork done for nothing; nor
' ■■;" pain, for the h'---.m ma
the jiupils w <■]■•■ successful in
'.inns: hut the thought "t"
;. ::!<•!■ \ acation \\ as with
. to that extent the day
■ . vity.
■ • -' t :!ii" in a greal many
: ■ .; Is w ere promoted •
■ l the new system has in
uralized the gradua
I:i nearly every s< hool the
3 of Borne kind,
■ . • ■ '
Luse of ih' 1 uncertainty sur
ta "t" the examina
it is not always the brightest
; s best iii a ii examination,
: .i mung those \\ ho mourn
.'. as
:i Mu. h <iissH ' isfa< tion
- and i' ache 's
this
Every rlass examined and
■ ided to •!•■• id ■. upon
• Kamiu&t ion, w het her
pup should rise a grade
■: \ ears since such
: uns wcvf held and ihe i'iJi>i!^
: themselves confronted with a
i ■•■ to them. It >t st
members of the ninth grade
■ ;' the low . ! i iass.-s. The
- of the ninth grade were gradu
from the grammar schools and
therefore examined in the hi^ch
They \w:«- examined by
• :s. in strange places and
■ ; li a new and st range
1 ':.•• of ihe questions askc 1
synopsis of ihe verb
s simple a nd it may !><-•
le t" many who have spent time
■ ■ . but it becomes more
Led v. h< n the pupil is c< mi
d ;■• supplant the old-fashion< i
■:i "thou" in i he second per-
Wh- :i ; he \ i rb gets into
• ial mode it has peculiar an
.iii<i when the pupils in trying to
in v rote for t h-- ' a nd
person, singular number, past tense,
• ' the form "yo i mlghi
have struck" they were marked wrong
because they <!iii it<>\ us»- the prayer
book form of "thou mightst have
This meant promotion or no
otion t" some, and it went haul
vith thus.- -»\h" found that it cosi them
ih" • oveted dip] ima.
According to the complaints i
there was also a k' ■ nee In the
marking of the papers in the various
high schools. Where one teacher
■ edits another would
none at all. The rule uas that in
arithmetic, where the principle was
. orrect, thf pupils should get seven
■ rv.lits. and m here I h and
work were correci in every form h<*
would get ten. With some teachers the
answer counted and nothing else, and
when the pupil went through every
thing correctly and then multiplied
ii\n by f'>ur and goi flve as :;
Ived nothing for his pains.
The Superintendent's office was
filled all day with teachers ami parents
who wished to make complaint, and in
more ihan one case when the papers
wptp looked fiver it was found thai a
pupil had made the percentage after
b^ine; marked down Just below it.
Another of thf* rules wa.« that when
a pupil made less than 50 in ihe ninth
and lesa than sixty in other grades, In
fcny <>up Btudy, he lost his diploma.
Th*»re was no hrlp for him <>r her.
.Arithmetic and grammar were respon
The
rv I* • from a
IiCKCiOtSS hot Royal
■- Baking Powder
Iraq ranee wscuit whets
the appe-
"" tite. The taste
Royal Baking Powder im- .^
7 , j jj °b sucn a
proves the navor and adds to
the healthfulness of all risen bISCUit SWeet,
flour-foods. creamy, deli-
It renders the biscuit, bread . .
and cake more assimilable and Caie, CriSpy~ IS
nutritious. a j Q y tfo e
Royal Baking Powder bis- r -• «•
cuit and bread give to the di- BIOS! TaStIOIOUS
gestion that most nutritious
of all foods — wheat flour —
in the condition to be most
readily turned into brain and , ... .
J Do not usp ali:m nakin.c: powders.
blood, sinew and muscle. Thp y make the food unwholesome.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
sible in this way for the downfall of
more than -me, for it was on those
studies the pupils Bhowed smallest
progress.
A third rule allows those who have
made a certain average percentage to
take further examinations when school
is again In August, and when those
examinations have been taken the list
of graduates will be materially swelled,
but in the meantime there is much >iis
satisfaction, and pupils and parents
eging the Superintendent in an
attempt t" unfold their woes.
Some teachers say the examinations
are a good thinir; others say they are
barbarous. All say there are certain
things about them that never should
have been allowed, and every one
agrees there should have hppn some
regular system of marking, so that a
■ would meet the same treatment
no matter into whose hands it went for
-. ing.
Impromptu Programme
At the Clement School
Al the * lement Grammar School th^ ex
were almost Impromptu, for H
noi until yesterday morning tha
\\:..~ certain who w^is graduated an l vho
was not. ii had been Intended to giva
quite an elaborate programme, hut in the
< nd this was found to be impossible. 1••
spite thi.- confusion of the i;ist day, how
ever, a programme of exceptional meril
was arranged, and there was no la< k of
spectators to applaud it. The exerciser
were held in the upper rooms of the
building on Gearj street. Palniis .
ems .im.i ;!it- national colors \\> r •
K!ci]j. tc i on the walls and hunt from the
<-iln;£-. and on the platform a nag-dra i«-i
desk lent a fine effect. Tht_- programme
r< ndered wi.s :■..- follows:
] iynin. "The 1.- ■■ b I • r .. ■ ••■
w< 1 'in- ad Ii ess Jesse .!■•
Bruhl; *<-ny,, "On to ih" Field." class; %."iil
Mattie Holl g, "Star Spangled
Banner," i l.iss ; violin s - -
■ . h\ ii,i,. "G . G ( lass;
tory, Ma ■ ".
The .!• t it-- was upon the question,
"Ri-solved, That the United Siat»-s should
retain her conquered possessions." <>a
the nffirmative were George Thompson,
Richard Curtis and Minnie Newman; on
the negative were .!• --■ Healey, Arthi r
Hulda Block. Both sides th -
bated with the energ of experieni ■ i
urguers. and it is hard to say which wav
the decision would have goni had th<-r<'
been anj judges. There were several good
arguments advanced, however, and tha
debate made n]> one of the mosi Inti
1 ing numbers of the programme. Among
other Interestli - was a lullaby
- bj Miss Matti< Holbrook. '! h •
graduating class from th< Clement s
\\;<s as follows:
M. id Adams, I ful la Bl k \ n
Pearl
Unas. Nellie Harding, Bessie Haste, Isabel
1 i iii>--. Mattie Holbrook, Fannie Kahn,
: • l. ■-.-.•. nskj . X ate 1
Wir.M.' Morton. -M:iri.i!i McMurtrie, Minnif
Newman. May Oliver, Helen Pettlgrew. Meta
nan. Lillian ReiF ■ Lin . . Re I enberg,
■
Milton Alt mark,
Brandt, Arthui Bush, . - Richard
Curtis, Jess< d*- Bruhl Ji Alfred I
. . lolph Habeni. ht. Ellis Hart
(eF! le H>-:!i i . .in let in .Tea . •
ICergan. Chee Lowe, Alfred Mayers. Melville
\'ewfleld. W altei \ '. ■• ell, Mfred " iya.. I ien
Ja • b fi hmul an, 1 1 ■g# ; I
■
The medalists were: l».:i Shindo. May
r, Carlton Jeanson and Nellie Hard
ing. Both medals and diplomats wen pre
-• ted I- Miss Mary E. Callahan. prin
cipal of the school. In doing so she said a
word of praise to those who received tin
■ I honors and ;. word of much
needed sympathy to those who failed.
She cheered those who had fallen too low
irther endeavor and announced that
-ill had promised to come ;ieain at the
end of the vacation, to try once more to
come up beside their more fortunate
■ . es.
Business Pupils in
Odd Fellows t Hall
The Business Evening: School held Its
exercises In Odd Fellows' Hall last night.
There was standing room only when th«
programme opened.' and there was no de
sire to leave on the part of those who had
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 1899.
Th< programme was In charge
" r Edwin U Head, member of the Board
"■' Ed ;. ati. n. The diplomas were pre
i by R. 11. Webster, Superintendent
s hools. The programme w.is as fol
lows;
.! 1> Hyn
H sea." quai tet . address,
m i. "A Little Bit
■•• Kagtime, Maurice S. Kramer; sons. Ml -
l^evmgston: song, "Cradle Songr," quartet;
humorous selections, VV. J. Hynes; reeitati. ■
! "- i's si. :y.-- Miss Bertha M.
Mendelsohn: c mg. Miss ChristlDe 1! La Bai
3 \>. i, r Or. hestra;
■
After the dipl< rr.. :^ had b< en pr< s<
and parents and friends had presented
their con) ratulations the hall was . lean d
and there was dancing until midnight hud
long passed. Tl . es wen :
' ; H. Anki r. ii Ka ser. J. Lundhi Im, .1 P
'' i '■■■ •'i A. Relneoke, N Brow n C I" •
W Hull. C. Sharp. M Westhaus M -- Barrett
-Miss Allen. F. Zimdell, .'! Harris. I" \V. Cro
zler, Jiii!..l! Jacobs. Miss Keldner Mis<
Vri Postell, \ \ ..ii.i. , y.v, ejp < ;
if Sandy, r , h ■ i i•■ Eib< n I ;•• rge Harve;
G n 0 \r • tine. Julia ■■ ■
• Doak. P. MrMahon. R E Burns. S
i ' : John 1 tolan. A M:■ .■ ■ Margart I
; I-.-irkln. S. Burtie, \\ . Deyl w ; , tex Hoy itt
I': ink Sears, Charles StaufTacber, C A V,
l*'i". ' noer, M Prim •■. Mat tin T.
Levy. Miss \ C. BrunphaVst. A i< v-™. J.
M. Barenthera E. Johnson, .1 O'Connor
lieorgf Hyd< Ed Lindwall. William McDowell,
n, Victor I. Hoffman. Wil
son H • • • Buard.
Hen letta X-::. Fran, la Zii - . Furu
i Laux. M. Sulli .j rut f..
6 Abel, H. Ila . Ini, Dislno I ■ nejri I M
McDowell, O. WoHflsch, Mac Gallagher, M
Bruce, M:-s Dohr, Mis- Buckley, A Rauner,
tv'wu. - . nan. llt-nry Lowenthal V>'
i l . Brady, n H. Hay, c. F. Relly,
■ . Minna ! "lynn, 1 1 ■!• in . ;
i!.!-t. George Schwarby, G. Plato, Phillip
i.'-isr:-. Fre<j i;. .:!<'!■>. Charles P. Tallent
ni< Reardon. Ge. rse VV. Seaton, E Fontes,
Martin, Olostlne Sarr;iili>'. M rtl I
Samuel, John Sweeny, Leopold Ressmaa.
. ..■ rge Blaap, 0 Paulsen, William Stev irl,
Joe Hlrsch, <'?\:\ Poppe. Oscar Klelnmann
Llllle Pedruzsl, Robert H. O'Hea. May Ton-.
ney. Daniel Ruff. Roj Cooper, Edward Rpivate,
John H.-aunuivino, Martin Ha. -on. Waitei Kel
: ly. Catherine C. Kelly. Margaret Brown, Lena
, Diehl, <"l:ira WoplhPim. Aliro <;. Haby, Maud
Rex, Robert M. Riely, James H. Hayes. Her
bert L. Clark. Thos. J. McKeon. May 1- McGee
May F Callahan. Eliza Wrlglit. Mazie A. Dott.
Thorns-) Reardon, Evelyn Wright. Kathryn
! Spaunbacke, Anna Coch. Lorlng A C
I Nanette Webb, la-xlp McDonald. Mice W
I Smith, Alice M. Johansen, Maud M. Foley, VTir
The Platform in tr;e ClerT)CQt Grammar School.
einia liunn. l,«nii Plmon. Annie Preuner, P. G.
Ia Hlano. F r pil Baelgalupt, William Warden,
Loretta Sharon, Leon Michaels. Lizzie Dundas,
Katie Cantwell, Ethel E. Blanchard, Carrie
Guthrle, inKa Thorgeson, Rose Hussy. Emily
Stevenson. Annie Philbon. Alice Mitchell, Graci
Wright, Fred Raschen Russell Cantrell, Hattie
Grau, Lucy K. Peirson, Amelia Flood, May V.
Doyle, I.iiii- A. Gregory, Eleanor M. Peguiilan,
Julia V. Patters n, Carl Braun, Jn 1 -- 0 !)!) Quinn,
Frank A. Pinaglia. Albert Turner. .\. Reardon,
Louis- Michaels, .1. c. Glenme, Constance
P.nulupsen. Plnrfm » M. Packer, Adela 1" I ' ■ •
ford. Lottie M. Noonan \ s. it Holden, J.
Costello, P. K. Antonobich Nicholas F. Mc-
Mahnn, o rt -lia A. Pelrano, Hattle J. Holden,
Henry Bortfeld and <: H Archer.
Graduates of the
Horace Mann School
Al the Horace Mann School the fol
lowing programme was rendered by the
• : i : Ing class:
fiass Bong, "Anvil Chorus:" declamation, :
"l>abor," Harry Wiggins; piano solo, Etta
. V::iins, essay, "The Influence of Inventions on
the Pro*rr< - 6f Vmerlca." May McCarthy;
• 'iunrf«t. Roger Wilson, Darrell Horan, . :
and Fred Smith; recitation. "The)
Builders," Emllj Keppert; \iolin solo, Archie .
Nielsen; essay, class history. Muriel Swain;
■ ■:.-.- Bong, "Storm Song;" presentation of
::■!..:-. i>Hi)ui> Superintendent C. VV. Mark;
instrumental <iu<-t. S;n!i»' s.>!p and Anna
Herbst; presentation of diplomas; .:;iss song
and Bag salute, "Old Flag Forever.'
The graduate s were:
Miss Casey's pupils, who graduated after i=lx
: months on the york Maud Muratt, Alice Crane
:■ -U : I ! ::>nn.
I Miss Beckwith'a rlass Muriel Pn-ain. Doris
: Kemmerle, Lucy Tolley, Lizzie I'urringt.in.
Vnnie Remensperger. C^rtruiio Murray. l\;t
Knowlton. Ada Johnston, George Gerken,
Harr>" t'pars. Alvln Thornton, Howard liuntri.-^.
Joseph Raymond, Clarence Coggln an>l Archie
•
Mr. Klngsbury's class— Emily N'eppprt. Anna
Meaney, Grace Newberry, John A. Kelly, Car- '
rie Cross, Hattle Olsen. May McCarthy, Millie
'•utler. Mabel Schpll, Amy Oat, Horatio Haw
kins. Evelina Beaiidet, Adella McAdoo and
nee Laumeisti
Those who received modals were: |
Oeorgi Gerken, Horatio Hawkins. Doris
Kemmerle, Anna Meaney, Maud Muratt,
Emily Nepperl and Muriel Swain.
A Large Class at
The Spring Valley
The following was thr procrnmme ren
dered by the graduates "f the ninth grade
at ill" Spring Valley Grammar School
yesterday a fternoon :
Opening anthem, "Come Unto Me," riass;
salutatory. Viola Simon, recitation, "Unlt< !
Oi Vgaln. Beatrix Walter; piano bolo, M»
louston; "The Man With the Hoe," Maude
Fteynolds; s..nq. "Row, Brothers. Row," ■■lan>;
recitation, "Take Ip the White Man's Bur
den." Sadie Fraser; recitation, "Oui Soldier
Hoys," Bertha tCeuman; overture, Edith Lln
recltntton, ' Answer to Man With Hoe«"'
Florence Lynch; souk. "Drlftlngr," iriri" •■■
! ninth grade: dialogue, George Manning, Sadie
Fraser, M. Reynolds, Grace Turner and Edna
■ Lovejoy: ret-Itatlon, "Answer \-< White Mar
Burden," Florence Walter; song, "California."
class; a =i|pm recitation, Edith Lincoln: recita
tion, "The Recessional." eMs of ninth grade;
recitation, selection from "Evangeline," Gract
Kenny; presentation of diplomas and medala
by John W. Taylor; valedict ry, S Grace Xii
Patrick: parting aong, class; salutation of flag;
simc. "Freedom Forever," class,
The graduates, thirty-two In number, won-:
S, Grace Kilpatrick, Florence E. Walter,
Adolph Bergman, Grace B. Kenny, Grace E.
Turner, Allda Vail, Josle Lynch, Maude E.
Reynolds, Edith ,T. Lincoln, Henry J. Gersel,
Itossle i.fe Bertha Neumann. Hosio s Bauer,
Kettle A. Laws, Fred 11. Blalck, ll^na M.
Douglas, Sadie A. Fraser. V'e,ntle Houston
Marshall, Rose B. Carew, Irene H.
' nghlan, Alice I. McDonough, Florence E.
Guenther, Katie B. Shipley, Jersie 1". Fossey,
Kl«ie C. Tegen. Ada Williamson, Edi\a I -■ >\ >- -
.ioy. Mannle Houston, Viola Simon, Mary
Leahy.
Medals and Diplomas
at the John Swett
The following is the programme render
ed at' the closing exercises at the John
Swett Grammar School yesterday after
noon:
Snnjr.. "Sweet ami I/iw," class; salutatory,
I Milo Kent: song, "The Flag," class; "Little
Boy Blue.-". Veva Anderson; "The Inventor's
Wife," Pansy Burgess; "Bunker Hill Monu
ment." Maynard Nathan; recitation, "I/»jrend
of Bregens'," M. Hellvllle; - sonp. "Vocal
Wall/.' Ninth Grade; recitation. . "Subject In
the Union," Jacob Skootsky; recitation, "Over
th.. River." , Blsa Ilium": -"ing;, "I'nder Two
Eagles,"* class: "Ride of Collins Graves." Maud
McWilllams; "National Character." Sadie Men
.lelson: "Battle of Hunker Hill." Hazel Key-
Ben; "Bunker Hill Monument." Essie Kron;
"Love of Country &1 Home." Simon Harris;
valedictory, XHlie Kfpffe; violin solo. I,f>lia
, Cohen: award of medal* and diplomas by.llpn-
K. F T/oml: -inc. "Our Boys," class; conclud
ing sons. "America,"
', The graduates were:
Pansy Burßess. Laura 'CoghlH. I/elia <'iih»>h.
Fannip Crown, Nellie ICeeffe, Essie Kdrn, Molli . -
I Kronen AKnps McCarthy. .Lulu McDer
!|inott. Sadie Mendelson. Teresa' Stelnbach.
Elaine Thompson, T'uyrza Walters, Hattle
Wishtmnn. Joe Connor, Cohlman Crown. Rich
ard Egan. 'Melville Fr.inkli. Jerome Fredbprg,
Edward Griffin. Bertram Kahmwelter, Milo
I Kent. Victor Peltier, Lafe Pence. Adolph Pock
i wltz, John Uoss. Ida Albert I, Howard Bantell
Sylvan Rosenblum.
| Thp meilnlists were: Thyrza Walters and
Nellie Keeff.e. Penman medals: Pansy Burses*,
i May Cohen, Leila Cohen and Hattie Wightman,
I John Sw>>tt medals.
Graduates From the
Hamilton Grammar
ThP TTumilton Grammar graduate*? are
as follows:
Miss Morten's class— Barbonr. Mar
guerite Block, Chester , Bridgford, Irene G.
Carroll, Minnie V. Conradt, .. Gertrude Cleve
land, , Ethel .T. Davis, William Do Boom. Jo-
Feph Del Yalle. Sophie Dressier. Bertram
Fredberg, Carl Gerdes, Henry Groupe, Flos
sie Herold, Willie Rahman, Florence Knhn,
Rose Jeanette Keilus. Sybil Levy, Clifford
Loose. Mat tie JjOKan, Ann.i Roii-hard*. George
R»u<-he. T^ena Reuche, Myrtle. Taylor, Beat
rice Scheellne, Harold Sfheellne. Chauncej-
Mllton St. John. Madeline Wrr.-Ji. Porter Vnll.
Sidney Wltkousky, Xewland Baldwin and
Dainy Lennon.
Miss Straucs" class— Naomi Anderson. -Kate,
i Barrett, Estelle Blockman, Agnes Donovan,
Katr Dunker, Vera Kilon, rvarl y.vfrr't Ac
net. Farthing, Alice Itsell, Amy Kahn, Irene
Kelly. Elenora Lazansky, Adriana Tjenser,
Mas Lohmann, Ruby Manasse, Klsip Noldeke,
Ida Petersen, Olla Pettus. Ftt-i Ward, Edna
Young. Isabelie Miller. Lulu Scherman, May
belle Reed, Ben Anixter, Oscar Bevfuss, Al
■■. Bernhard, Archie Block, Emile Cerfi Wal
ter De :.. n Raymond Dudley, Douglass Gra
ham. Louis Haake, Chester Harris, George
Hawkins. Norman Hodgkinson, Harr; Hoff
man, Sismund Lewis, Albert J: tenberg,
Warren Spieker ami Cforz* l"ri.
Horace Mann Evening
School Exercises
Thr> following iinifcrammo was given by !
tho Horace Mann Evening School in Na- !
tlve Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street ia:-t
night :
Chorus. "J ■ I • Sun W< nl i toy n," ;<< -
companist, Mlfs Lottie Kornmayer salutatory
■ Eugene Barleau; piano civet. Miss Nora R-«-a?i
Misa Anna Cunningham. I)e»>u!>>. Resolved, |
"That the Conquest and Retention of t lie Phil
ippine Island* Would Be I>Htrinu-rital to th-
Interests of tlip United States"; affirmative
Fred Loewy, William Hasselbroek; negative
' Henry C\ Reed, Charles F. Butte. Tenor solo
George Keane; essay, •■Education," Thomas
■ Forsyth; vocal bolo. Miss Minnie MaglM:
chorus, -Wt- a,t- Nymphs of the Ocean
Spray"; essay, "Benefits of a Hieh School Edu-
Joseph Egan; tenor solo, John
O'Brien; recitation, "Lady Clare," Mis-s May
■ ■ M' >*■■ ■ violin duet, Slis? Katheryn Lahey
and Miss Rose Stolberg, piano accompanist
Mi-< Gertrude Kackleb: address. Mayor Ph"
lan; presentation of diplomas by J>f-j>;ity Su
perintendent Cecil M;irl^; chorus, "Stars and
Stripes Forever."
The graduat< a vr< 1 1 :
Ninth grade^Eugrene Barieau. Gordon Ross
Clark, Bernard f"!lun!. James Condon, Joseph
Dooley, Valesca Eschenroeder, Thomas For
syth, fharles Garfleld, Charles Green William
Janssen, Albert Johnson, John Kelly. Henry
King, Hugo 1. ewy, Edward Lynch. Minnie
Mag-ill, Otto Marx, Duncan MoOougall Kro.l
, Mehlhop, Ada Miller. Clara Muller, Joseph
Ridgeway. James Robinson, <'aii John
SI tt, Frank Taylor, Martha Weinmann.
Stenography and typewriting — Isabelle C :
• Arding. Clara C. Ashe, Annie A. Bailey, Fred
Coles, Caesie ';. Creely, Anna 1.. Cunningham, i
Thomas Cushinp, Josie Drew, Joseph 11. Gray, <
William HaßEelbrock, Mary L, Ingram, Carrie
Johnson, l^mif Kornmayer, Katie [>aliey, Etta
Lynch. May E. Malone, Rosi Mc< ann, Mar
garet F. McDevltt. Clara Son s. Jessie C.
N'lcholson. Clotilda Podesta, Mary J: i:..
R< li hold. May F. Roberts, !>■ ni j!
Gertrude Simpson. I. .in Sinz, Daisy
Christian Tellefson, Alice Theuer
kaul Rosi L'rl ianus, Edna Foi be ■
Sten i K. Owen, S»i K. San
ada, Emma Wuesthoflf.
Bookkeeping Arthur 11. Baker, Frederick T !
Coli «, (Villiam .1. Doyle, Lillian Edna Forbes
''■• '■■• '' Keane, Nellie G. Utzius, Katharine
' :i: ; . A'.iiin ('. Miller, John II O'Brien,
Cecelia T Power, Mary Loretto Power, May \'
Powers, >!atiMa L. Schmlt. Frank Staud
High School class (completed Junior year)—
Joseph Ashe, Fred Bamman, .lus.'iiii "Ki<an
: Clarence i:iiL;onf Mi Lean.
The medalists were Miss Minnie Ma
grill, Thomas Forsyth, Joseph Ridgewav
and Eugene Barieau.
At the Denman
Grammar School
At the Denman Grammar Srhnol the
following graduates and medal winners
wi re r< pori pd :
Mis-; Jessie Smith's <-1:ih«: Mary Adler, Ruby
Blackman, Edith Cowles, Birdie Curtis, Addle
Day, Mary Jninn. Lizzie Fltzgibbon, Mersej
Beardsley, r>.ti.> Foster, Marie Frey, May Hof
mann. Sidney Little, Lucille Locke, Alice I'm
vine, Etta Beaton, Pearl s.-;i"<\iii Myrtle fUeb
blng, Evelina Woodln, Elioa Zobel.
The medal winners of Mtsa Smith's class are:
Ruby Blackman, Edith Cowles, Addle Day,
m,i> Hofmann, Lucille Locke, Alice Burvlne!
Etta Beaton, Pearl Seneca), Myrtle Stebbing
.-mil Evelina W'oodin.
Mrs. E, M. Baumgartner's class: Turld Aune,
Anna Blake, Mary Brown, Lottie Branch, Ma
rio iwtranrl. Fannie Eppsteln. Irrtif Enkel.
Blanche Frelderick. Carrie Hunsacker, Arlei
Heaman, Edith .la* ■■>)!=. Lillian .l"inißnn Con
stance Johnson, Mary Johnson, Hilda Cooper.
Gencvleve Compton, ,lps«i.^ Koitii. Mabei
Knight. Mattie Milton. Laura Markey, Hazel
Prince, Mabel Pedruwl, Franclsoa ' Rogers,
,<:»'"; i Ramon, Graj?e Smith, Joule Smith. .Via
Snllio. \"k>!f»t Spauldlng, Juliet Turpln Etelka
Willl.ir. V.nuilr Wade.
' The medal winners of Mrs. Hnumi?artnrr's
class are: Lottie Branch, Irenp Enkel, F.tflka
Wllliar. Grace Smith. Annie Blakp, Mabel
Knight, Mabel Pedruzzl and Turld Aune.
Engineers Just
Out of School
T- oliowMip aro Iho urnduatps from th<
Van der Naillen School ot Engrlneeiin-r:
Mining Department -A. R. Gurrey E Mattp
son. v. .1. Kellett, 11. G. Moss, J. I. Stubb
.1. I. Williamson, I 1.. Ryder, ':. P. furney
C. P Chrlstensen, i>. R. Lawson.
Surveyors- George B. Kearney, Paul I"
Lepoids. E. H. Bußhang. E. \v. Nolan, <;
Winter, P. W. Saundewj George Colbert, 1: B
Olney, C. B Winter, J. !:. Myen<, C. A <'a!i
Carl C, Bell, 11. Koenlg.
VV. S. Lauritzep, I! T. Ledgle)
a. M. Thompson, A. C. Turey, M. Jones <;
.M. Uoli.li. .1. M I.. t ndis. 11. r. Hicks. \A . l|
Irwin. B. I. Hpifard, W. J. Pascoe. a. Camp
bell, s. T. Parks, •Jem-jre ,i Probasco. c h
call. H. P. Lyon. C. B. volkert, Ji. G. Siskron
B. M. M.Xiiiißlii.
ElectrlcaJ Department— D. M. McVean
a Gilmartln, .C. E. S!evereen, O. ti Wadman
William nuisim, R. B. McDanll, B. 11. Lowe
Charles R. l-'"rce. J. '' Flnley, K. m. Clean
W. .1. Ph.-a. R. H. ("iinninKhHin, A. McLuklc
.1 \V. Ueny. C, P. Hurt. H. W. Rlblet, II c
Hasselbach.
Me. hanical [leparfmer.i G. B. Yon H."l<mi
J. !■". ijahin. H. Bernhardt, M. Johnson. Wm
Mullan. Martin Johnson. P Donelson. C. Brown
p. .1. Concannon, \ i: Daniels. A. Thomas
<■. P. Mclntyre. < '. 1" Kelson, F a. Brener
P. NTorton, J. Peacock, J. F'.iup. F. J, W.i!-;>,
.!. I.inn.it, Enos Woods, Roy H. f'raiK.
Receive Diplomas
at Mission Grammar
The following is a list of graduates at
the Mission Grammar School:
' Robert DohertTi Theresa Plambecfc. Thomas
FitZßorald, George Setllg, John Canham. John
Thompson, Harry Scheel, Melville Aach. Harry
Benson, Ruby Canham. Marie Moclne, Mer
vyn Anderson. lima Roth, Kllmar Volkman
Gertrude Doherty, Helen Waenor. Adeline
Ryfknpel, Kthel Baldwin, Albert Hersoc, Car
rle Salts, Esther Gutter, Maude Royal. Lor'en^
Hanson, Frank Smith. Tda Wlghtman, Ncllye
Brace. Mac Ryan. Francis" Moraghan. Marlon
Dul3ois, Sadie Werner, Viola Ryan, Nellie
Hales.
- Hale'.s, June 17, 1899.
Stark's
last
COnCCrt. • Ferdinand Stark and his celebrated
Vienna orchestra leave San Francisco
next week. His last concert at Hale'^ to-day from 2to 5 p. m.
Without doubt Stark is the greatest orhestral leader on
the Pacific Coast. His concerts at Hale's have been the most
popular Saturday attraction ii the city. Hundreds of peopie
come simply to hear the music.
Everybody welcome. Parlors and muting rooms at your
disposal.
1. March. "El Capitan" .*.... .'..'..'. Pouoa
1. March. "F-l Capltan" Rousa
2. Overture. "A Queen for a Day" " \,i.,',,.
3. "Maii; Twain Mazourka"
(. \V;iii:-. "Acclamations"
.~"r!g, "Asthore"
t;. Selection, "The Wizard ■ the Nile"
7. March, "Durch Kampf Zum Sieg" H." viiiv ujoti
S. Overture. "Jubel"
?. "<v>»an Breezes" .
10. Waltz, "Violets"
;i. Popular Medley
12. Finale.
Black I.iU'rty Silk Neck Boas with ribbon and rlaitel e:iis-
-11 few left of two of the most popular lines we have evi^r car-
ried; prices reOuced to cli -•■ them out to-day.
51 L'.'r boys for !>>..
7.'^- boas for >^.-
I>cg Collar Belts— New York's latest fa.l. A belt inH.in tn
imitate a dog collar, studded wit steel points, fastene'i with
lock and key, 75c to Si;. on
Our Famous $1 50 3-clasp Hte .Touvin French Kid <;ir, V f>*
the most popular ami best wearing ki« gloves that we have
been able t.i get. sell at $1 50. It la certainly the best glove.
for the price in the market to-day. Some new Parisian shades
have just arrived, a big assortment of colors, in every sir.<\
Price $1.50
Lambskin Gloves for Misses — 2-clasp Lambskin Gloves, with
Filk embroidered beck; good glove for young ladies; tan. brawn
navy, green or red $1.4)0 pair
All gloves purchased from Hale's from $1 up will be fitted,
guaranteed, cleaned and mended •■•■ as man} times as yoii
ask. V. ...
Child's Black Cotton Hose A good, tough knockabout stock-
ing, narrow rib, spliced heels and toes, fast color and seamless;
El zee 6 to B',; ioc pair
Hale's Castiron School Stockings— Corduroy rib, silk finished,
Maco yarn, double knee, double heel and double toes; tough-
est school stockings for the money we ever saw 15c pair
An All-Bristle. IJust Brush in the bazaar at 25c
Heln's Fruit Press. Everybody knows what they are....y."c
Bowl Strainer for Jellies, Just at the time when you need
tnem • '..">e eacU
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947, 949 Market St.
Hodnett, I^ela Graff. Laura Meyer, Victoria
:•;.. Jessie Day, Julia Ellis, Floss Haw
ley, K\;i Graff, Florence Lownoy. Ma
Watson, Bert Kalthoff, John Dorward, Ger
trude Mitchell an.i Edgar Stoltz.
Finish School Days
at Hearst Grammar
The following are the graduates <">f the
Hearst School, Mrs. X. A. Woods princi
pal :
Ufred Vai in, Arthur Brunchweiler, X
Burnt Mum Boeer, Estelle Croone, W'altei
Fancher, Alice Hltchcox, Will Lyons, Ethel
M i ire, Thomas Sinmiie. Edith Simpson,
Ch< ter Smith, Edward Tucker, Ludle Tuck
er, Howard Trull, Louis Waas, Clarence Lud
vigsen, Alice Gorham, Fay Beale, Albert
Buttgenbach. Madeline Smith. I 1
Frazier Gladys Meyer, Naomi Hause, Retta
(!:. nes and Laura McCarthy.
'Pin. inns Simmie received the BridpfP
medal ami Lucile Tucker, Gladys Meyer
and Retta Haynes the Denman medal.
Graduated With Honor
at Hancock Grammar
There were ten boys and priri? in the
graduating class of the Hancock <;ram
mar School, -Miss M. McKenzie principal.
They were ranked In the final examina
tion and awarded medals ;is follows:
Angello Cuneo, Bridge and Hancock
medals; Julia Bacigalupi, Hancock medal;
Emma Nolthenius, Hancock and Denman
medals; Aaron Levy, Emil Kehrlein, Mar
garita Coyle, Emily Wegener, Antone
Beronio, Beatrice Bacigalupi, Hancock
medal; August Schaffer.
Frar.klin Graduates
And Medalists
In the Franklin school the following grad
uated: Anna Peterson. Gertrude Strobel, Louise
Buck. Marie Grlffen. Katheryn Shea, Christina
'.■ Wit, Clara Hanson. Evelyn Mulcahey, Elsie
Cramer May Carasco, Marie Koher. Bertha
Htnaldo. Annie Salmi. Robert Miller. Aleck
Moore. Fred Stewart. Clinton Stanbrldge.
Anna Peterson and Louise Buck won the
Den man medals, and Robert Miller won the
Bridge medal.
THE DONAHUE LIBRARY.
Validity of the Trust Clause Estab
lishing It Is in Question.
Argument on the trust clause of the will
of the late Mrs. Annie Donahue, setting
aside the sum of $105,000 to establish a
, library at St. [gnatius College, was heard
by Judge Hunt yesterday morning. A
contest has arisen over the refusal of t lie
college to accept tlie gift. Archbishop
Riordan has made application to the
couri for appointment as trustee of tue
bequest Instead of the trustees of the
j college, the Archbishop claiming- that the
; pift is a public charity and that it should
not lie lost on account of the refusal of
those- named to accept it.
J. 1 1. Harvey, an heir to c portion of Mrs.
; Donahue's estate, tiled an application con
senting to the appointment of Archbishop
Riordan or any other suitable person, but
Mrs. Eleanor Martin and her throe sons-
Peter D.. Walter S. and Andrew Martin
are contesting the application on the
ground that the sift is not a public char
ity but is a private trust for the trustees
of ili<> college, and upon their refusal to
accept it the bequest lapsed. They also
claim that the sum named is inadequate
to found and properly care for the Dona
hue library ami in consequence the trust
is invalid. Other points were also raised
by counsel during the argument.
John Garber appeared tor Mrs. Martin
■ and occupied most of the morning session
ii> opposing the application of Archbishop
Riordan, and was followed by Garret Mc-
Enerney, who argued on behalf of the
petitioner. The matter was not submit
ted at the time of adjournment and will
!)•■ argued further in the future.
Plenty of Funds for the Fourth.
The finance division of the Fourth of
July committee met last evening and lis
tened to reports upon the collection of
cash for the hie; celebration. The citizens
of the city are coming well to the front
and the committee is greatly encour
aged.
It was reported last night that the
cruiser Philadelphia will arrive In port
on the 24th inM.. and that her officers and
crew will participate in the parade. The
Japanese residents have become greatly
enthused and promise to have a display
equal to any other. General Warfield has
ordered all the troops of the National
Guard in this city to take part find all
the companies of the Fifth Infantry thai
are uniformed will be on band.
Battery B to Move.
Battery H. in charßO of Lieutenant.
Force of the Third I.isrlit Artillery, will
leave Ansel Island to-day and proceed at
once to Sequoia and General Grant parks
to relieve a detachment from the Twenty
fourth Infantry, which has been ordered
to Manila.
Bear Club Election.
Seventppii upw members wore Uikon Into
the Bear <">ub :it its meeting last evening.
Tlip following new officers were elected:
T. \v. Collins, president; A. W. Voorsan-
Kor. first vice presiflpnt: R. U. Faulkner,
second vice president; 1. J. Truman Jr..
Hales.
third vice president; X. E. Maison. treas
urer; W. •;. Cue, <■ seen
<>. A. Tolle, treasurer; J)r. !■:. L. Perraoit,
I. J. Ascheim, E. 1.. !l< ad, i Jeoi g< 1 1
O'Neil and A. Mahoney, executive
mil tee. Arrant mi nts are b« Ing ma<
an open meeting on Thursday evening,
July 20, at which the workings of
new primary law will be explained.
MAY PREPARE AN EXHIBIT.
Wine Men Invited to Meet and Dis-
cuss- a Letter Received From the
Department of Agriculture.
Charles A. Wetmore, the well-known
v.-ineman, has sent out invitations to all
those interested in the wine industry of
this State to meet at the Occidental Ho
tel on Tuesday next at 1:30 p. m. and dis
cuss the following letter he has just re
ceived from the Department of Agricul
ture:
United States Department of Agriculture. Pi
vision of Chemistry, Washington, D. C,
June 2, IS IS
United States Commission to the Paris Expo
sition of I: 1 ' 1..—1 '.'.— Agriculture.
Charles A. Wetmore, San Francisro, Cat.—
My ear Sir: I have been designated by the
Secretary of Agriculture to collect and prepare
for an exhibit of the wines of this country at
the Paris Exposition. You •will see from the
tnclcsed circular that it will not be possible
to give separate space to any individual ex
hibitor. Since California is the center of all
the vine Industry of this country. I think that
it would lip well to have a collective exhibit
of the California wines made under the auspices
of the Vitlcultural Association or of some other
State organization. Such an exhibit would be
far more representative in character than could
possibly be organized of samples assembled by
Individual dealers.
1 write to obtain from you some suggestions
In regard to the beat method of procedure lr>
making this collection and for such other sug
gestions relating thereto as you may see fit to
give me.
It is probable that T shall he In San Fran
cisco early in July for further conference on
this subject, but meanwhile I should esteem it
a proat courtesy to hear From you in recard to
the matter. Respectfully, H. W. WILEY.
The famous old JESSK MOORE WHISKT tt
recommended by physicians for family aa<4
medicinal use because it is pnr«.
Mebius & Drescher Win.
Tn regard to the derision of the suit bf>
tween Mebius & Drescher of Sacrament"*
and Horsi Bros, of this city handed down
by the Superior Court in Maxysvilli
Thursday a friend of Mebius & Drescher
has received the following explicit.
gram:
SACRAMENTO. June 16.— Decisl
dered yesterday i 1 our favor ai M
ville against Horst Bros, and R
carries about $70,000, in. luding $11,000 dam
ages. Practically every point decided in
our favor. Decision gives
asked for and over $13,000 mor<
fendants offer< d by word of mo i
shortly before the bearing of
MEBIUS & DRES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
our'saturbay's specials
OUR SATURDAYS SPECIALS
THE TALK OF THE TOWN I
EXTRA Creamery BUTTER...3Oc *
Sounres. rocular 35c.
bon't foWet ■to put in , your winter sup-
ply. x.- charge for packing.
If ASTERN Sugar cured HAMS He
Regular I3^c.
PINEAPPLES, Singapore, wholes, _
.3-Ib. can 100
Regular "£.
GHJR »ROELLPS_COCOA, can. ..2oc
Repular 25c.
FAIRBANKS GOLD DUST,
...3-M>. pack. loc
i; -: washing powder. Resrular 20c.
VVHI SKY. Rye or Bourbon, gal $2.50
Five years. Krgular $3 ~>o.
CLtVELAND BAKING POWDER,
* 2-tb. can Isc
Regular "'c.
CAMPI>G ORDERS filled -t short
notice and shipped REE OF CHARGE.
1348-1354 Market Street.
r ,p. 7th. "Phone S. »2 No Branch Store*.
Bv4^^^^S?SW3r^^Btvi9*ft"iV*4 l **VJ*jlur^