VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 48.
MOB THREATENS
ROSSTTER'S LIFE
Brooklyn Streetcar Strikers iilllHl
Riotous when president of Tran
sit company Talks-
II \M* ■ .: .yy y-
CLEARING BROOKLYN STREET OF STRIKERS.
NEW YORK, July 17.— strike
situation in Brooklyn to-night re
mains unchanged. The striking j
employes are even more deter- j
mined than they were yesterday
and the management -of the Rapid
Transit lines is obdurate and. unflinch
ing.
Cars were run on most of the lines
governed by the Traction Company"
from early morning until 7 o'clock this
evening, but after sundown there was
considerable falling off in the service
and by 9 o'clock not a car was moving
on any of the lines affected by the
striking motormen or conductors. The
roads, comprising the Nassau line were
most effectively crippled. None of the
striking employes returned to work and
most of them were busy during the day
influencing union and non-union men
on the other lines to quit work. In this
respect the strikers were partially suc
cessful, but they made no inroads on
the running of the Putnam-avenue
cars. This line is practically intact,
not more than half a dozen of its em
ployes "being affiliated with the strikers.
The Coney Island Railroad Company
reaped a rich harvest on all of its lines
during the day. The Franklin avenue.
Smith and Jay streets, Hamilton ave
nue and De Kalb avenue lines were
running on full time and carried a
great many passengers through the
day and night.
The Coney Island Company lived up
to its agreement with the employes and
consequently its business was not in
terfered with in the slightest. In fact,
the business of these roads was consid
erably augmented, as many travelers
patronized the cars, although in many
cases going blocks out of their way to
do so.
Of all the lines in the traction system
the Flatbush avenue and a newly
opened Brighton Beach route were the
most seriously affected during the day.
The regular schedule on the Flatbush
and Brighton Beach . roads calls for
ninety-four cars, but only six of these
were successfully worked. On the Nos
trand-avenue line, which runs from
the Twenty-third street ferry landing
in Williamsburg to Flatbush avenue
and Bergen Beach, seventy-five cars
are daily sent out. To-day only eight
were manipulated and most of these
did not cover the entire route. Tomp
kins avenue was very much neglected,
only two cars passing over the entire
lines during the day.
There was a. riotous demonstration
by the strikers and their sympathizers
at Flatbush late.this afternoon, when
President Rossiter of the Rapid Transit
Company addressed a meeting of the
men who had gone out on the Flatbush
and Nostrand avenue lines. President
Rossiter drove to the hall in a carriage
in company with Seth L*. Keeney. a di
rector of the road, and another official.
There was a crowd of more than -'odO
people around the hall when he arrived,
and he was received with shouts hiss>e3
and jeers.
He was met by a committee of flve
men, representing the strikers, and
they had a conference of twenty min
utes before he was permitted to vpeak.
When he finally went upon the platform
the hall was crowded to suffocation
with the strikers and the men who were
aiding them.
Mr. Rossiter was introduced by Al
bert Sweeney, the chairman. The lat
ter said as he came forward: "This is
Mr. Rossiter. Win or lose, let us be
gentlemen."
There were shouts, jeers and hisses as
the president of the road stepped for
ward.
"I want to say," he began, "that I
.v
The San Francisco Call.
don't need an Introduction to the men.
' They have seen me in the powerhouses !
and along the lines and in the barns
and they know -me." ..___ ..: : y.y"'"'.—^'^.^
He was again interrupted . with I
shouts, jeers and cries. "We want an |
agreement. Sign an agreement," could
be heard in the din.
"That's a lie," was shouted again.
The president told of the beginning of
| the strike and the measures he had
| taken. "Yesterday all the cars wlnt al
i most on schedule time," he said.
"That's a lie," was shouted out, and
. again there was hissing. . . , . •
"I don't need to ask you to believe It,"
j he continued. "You know whether it is
j true or not. To-day the cars on all the
j lines are running on nearly the regular .
! schedule." b , !
He endeavored to talk, but scarcely
-1 uttered a sentence without being jeered
j and hissed, and finally as he told of his
j dealings with the men and his. desire to
j aid them, but of his determination not
! to recognize there was a strike. -there
t was a din that lasted for fully a quarter
of an hour. > .
After it was over the president said
he had come to the meeting to restore
t harmony. He declared he would take
the men back and not hold their action
against them. He gave them until 6
o'clock to return,' and said if they did
not come back to. work then they would
be discharged. .
"We'll never come back." was the
reply, in a shout from " the house.
"Drag him down! Kill him!" The
speaker smiled while the babble reigned
and finally he was escorted downstairs
and through a mob outside that shouted
for his life. He entered a carriage with
his party and was . driven to i barns
around the corner, where • the party
boarded the car Ampere.
The crowd made a rush for the car,
but was driven off. Then, with ' Mr.
Rossiter on the front platform, the cool
est man about, the car went to Church
street in Flatbush and was switched off
; toward the Thirty-ninth street ferry. ... •
Early in the afternoon small-sized
\ bowlders and stumps of trees were
thrown upon the Flatbush-avenue
; tracks in front of the . Midwood Club,
i but all these obstructions Were removed
| in time to allow the limited number of
cars to make their scheduled trips. Con
siderable difficulty was experienced on
the x*> strand-avenue and crosstown
lines, but no .serious mishap occurred.
All the cars were manned ' by two ,or
more policemen, and the presence of
the officers aboard the cars prevented
in a great measure any • outbreak on
the part of the strikers or their sym
pathizers. '■''' ' :'-'yf ly'^-.cf
Very few cars were run over the old
Nassau lines, and those which were run
were in charge of road inspectors, elec
tricians and trackmen belonging* to the
road. These cars Were totally'inade
quate to supply transportation for their
patrons, and those who rode over the
lines had to put up with frequent and
annoying delays. - ? b ' y-'f'f
At 7 o'clock this evening President
Rossiter issued Instructions to shut
down all the traction company's lines,
and from that time until long after
midnight not a car was run, with the
exception of a couple which were placed
at the service of the city authorities to
take the policemen to outlying districts,
and thousands of . citizens were com
pelled to walk home.
Chief' of Police Devery spent the
greater part of the afternoon in Brook
lyn. He allowed nearly half of the
New York policemen, who had been on
duty since early yesterday, six hours'
leave of absence, and in the meantime
their places were taken . by - others
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 18, 1899.
who had .managed to snatch a few
hours' sleep earlier in the morning.
When asked -for his opinion of the
Contlnued on- Third Page.
THE WAR CORRESPONDENTS
SCORE OTIS.
SITUATION NOT "WELL IN HAND"
HONGKONG, July. 17.— After a long struggle against an unfair censorship of the press
the, American correspondents in Manila have decided to make a public statement from
Hongkong, which they were not permitted to make from Manila. This statement has
been cabled by the Associated Press correspondent for publication in all the papers in the
United States. It was submitted to General Otis and discussed at two conferences lasting
three hours each. Although promising to mitigate the rigors of censorship he refused abso
lutely to let the statement go from Manila. Therefore we are obliged to send it from Hong
kong. * WILL DINWIDDIE.
(Signed.) • JOHN BASS.
MANILA. July 11 (via Hong
; kong, July 17).— The constant
ly increasing strictness of the
• censorship of press dispatches
from. Manila, which has pre
vented, the cabling to the United; States
of anything that did 'not reflect" official
views of important events f- and . condi
tions, resulted in a united effort on the
part .of- the correspondents here to se
cure" l an abatement of the rigor of the
censorship. The initiative, in this direc
tion was takfen a month ago, and re
sulted-in the- framing, of a statement
.which ['■was; presented on Sunday. July
9, to Major General Otis, commanding
the military, forces of the United States
in the Philippines, with a request for
permission to telegraph it' to the United
States. 'The correspondents also asked
for permission -to cable their respective
papers air the facts and different
phases of events as they transpired
here. The correspondents had two long
interviews with General Otis, in the
course of which they claimed that the
evident purpose of the censorship was
not to keep information from the
enemy, but to keep from the public a
knowledge of the real condition of af
fair^ here.. It was also asserted by the
correspondents that' newspapers print
ed in Manila, which reach the enemy
weekly, are permitted to publish state
ments similar to those which corre
spondents , are forbidden to cable. It
was made clear to General Otis that
the objection was to the system and
not to the censor: .b';V,
General. Otis finally promised greater
liberality, agreeing to pass all matter
that he might .consider not detrimental
to the interests of the United States.
General Otis appointed Captaiin Green
of his staff censor.
The statement of the correspondents
is as follows: fffffffl
The undersigned, being all staff corre
spondents of . American newspapers sta
tioned in Manila, unite in: the following
statement: .' . ' __.__.,-_ _,_
■■ We believe that from official dispatches
made public- in Washington ; the people nt
the United States have not received a cor
rect Impression of the situation in the
Philippines, but that these . dispatches
have, presented an ultra-optimistic view,
that Is not shared by the general officers
jin the field. We believe that the dispatch
-1 es incorrectly represent the existing con- ,
GARRISON TALKS
TO THE NEGROES
OF IMPERIALISM
Let Them Cry Back
Treason to Those Who
Denounce Them.
— • —
"LINCOLNWTYGONE"
— ♦
The Constitutional Amend
ment Abolishing Slavery io
the South a Dead Letter.
— ♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. July 17.— William
]______> Lloyd Garrison Jr. to-night ad
dressed a meeting of colored people,
who have organized the Boston Col
ored Auxiliary Branch of the Anti
imperialistic League. He told them
the party of Lincoln, the emancipator
of their race, had departed from its
noble motives, that it now stood for
practically the same things as that
of James Buchanan, and that the
constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery was a dead letter below Ma
son and Dixon's line.
He spoke of the contemptuous at- i
titude manifested by the United <
States soldiers toward the brave and
heroic Filipinos, whom they called
"niggers," as did the people of the
South speaking of their own negroes.
"Had colored men any assurance,"
he asked, "that these same soldiers
on their return to this country would
not shoot down colored patriots in
this country if directed to do so by
the Tyrant Administration?"
He called upon them to "answer
denunciation with denunciation, to
cry back treason to men who would
so denounce them and to continue
the fight for liberty for themselves in
this country and for the brave inhab
itants of the Philippines."
Steamer Mattowan Damaged.
LONDON, July 17.— Cable advices from
I Punta Arenas say the steamer Mat to wan.
j- Captain Connor, from New York, May 23,
1 via Norfolk, for San Francisco, arrived
i there on the Sth Inst., after having been
aground on Satellite Path and in the
Narrows on the 2d. She was pulled off,
leaking badly, but divers stopped thedeak.
• Sbo will make rop^irs. sufficient- M pro-
J ceed, at a cost' of £2000. b .
AGUINALDO'S DIRECT
OVERTURES FOR PEACE
' CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
July 17.— Important cablegrams have been received at the State Depart
ment from the Philippine Commission and at the War Department from
General Otis concerning a new move in the direction of peace. These
dispatches have been in the hands of the President for several days,
but he has declined to make them public because the ultra-optimistic
views heretofore received from the same source have not been borne out
by subsequent events. The latest dispatches, however, are more encour
aging than previous ones, but the President wishes to have some posi
tive results before making them public. All that can be learned definite
ly about them Is that direct overtures for peace have been made to
General Otis by Aguinaldo and some of his principal leaders. I was
told by a Cabinet official to-night that if the promises are fulfilled the
volunteers now being enlisted will not be needed.
ditions among the Filipinos in respect to
dissension and demoralization result ng
from the American campaign and to the
brigand character of their army.
We believe the dispatches err In .the
declaration "that the situation Is well in
hand." and the assumption that the'ln
surrection can be speedily ended without
a greatly increased force. . yy
We think the tenacity of the Filipino
.purpose has been underestimated, and
that the statements are unfounded that
volunteers are willing to engage in fur
ther service.
The censorship has compelled -us to par
ticipate In this misrepresentation by ex
ercising or altering uncontroverted. state
ments of facts, on the plea .^ as General
Otis stated, "that they would alarm the
people at home." or "have, the people of
the United States by the ears. ' - ■
Specifications: Prohibition of reports;
suppression of full reports of field oper
ations in the event of failure: numbers of
heat prostrations' in the field: systematic
minimization of- naval operations, and
suppression of complete reports of the sit
uation.
JOHN T. McCUTCHEON. HARRY
ARMSTRONG. 1 Chicago Record.' <:r
OSCAR K. DAVIS, P. G. McDONNELL,
New York Sun. ; -iv
ROBERT M. COLLINS, JOHN P. DUN.
NING. L. JONES, The Associated Press..
JOHN F. BASS. WILL DINWIDDIE,
New York. Herald. ' . 7* ' '
ED S. KEENE, Scrlpps-Mcßae Associa
tion.
- RICHARD LITTLE, Chicago Tribune.
CORPORATIONS
CANNOT ESCAPE
j^ep^bTican Supervisors increase the
of wealthy Ta,*
Shakers by $700,000.
REPRESENTATIVES of tax-shirking corporations spent several unpleasant hours yesterday before
the Board of Supervisors, During the morning and afternoon the Board held its final sessions as a
Board of Equalization. Business of vital public importance was transacted, and it is owing to
the persistent energies of the Republican members, opposed by the Democratic members and antagonized
by Assessor Dodge, that the assessments of some of the great corporations have been raised, valuations of
small holdings have been reduced, unjust discrimination in fixing taxable values has been exposed and a
more equitable distribution of tax burdens has been made.
After a thorough investigation of the assessment made by Dr. Dodge the Republican Supervisors
saw that gross discrimination had been made and certain corporations had been protected at the expense
of the small property-owners. Realizing this fact and seeking to remedy the injustice, the Board raised
the assessment of the Market-street Railway Company by $600,000, making the total $16,323,101.
The assessment of the Oakland Water Company was raised from $400,000 to $500,000, and none of the
other heavy corporation assessments were seduced.
The Republican members of the Board also made every effort to increase other assessments which are
inadequate. Two notable cases were Wells, Fargo & Co. and the Sutter-street Railroad Company, but
every endeavor to raise these assessments was opposed by Assessor Dodge for reasons that he did not ex
plain. He admitted that he had discriminated in favor of the Sutter-str«et Railroad Company and other
corporations, but he refused to agree to any increase.
While the sum of $700,000 has been added to the taxable value of the corporations, the total assess
ment of the city and county has not been raised. The Supervisors did not commit Assessor Dodge's blun
der and inflict upon San Francisco an unjust tax burden by the State authorities. While the corporations
will pay more, the small property-owners will pay less. The appeals of poor people were answered and
justice but not favoritism was shown to the corporations.
THE Supervisors lost no time yes
terday morning in attacking the
important phases of their duties
as a Board of Equalization. Dil
atory tactics on the part of the
Democratic members, who sympathize
with Assessor Dodge's estimate, had al
ready prevented the accomplishment of
much good, so the Republicans began
their work with a will. Before the day
was over they had performed one of the
most important public benefits in their
official careers.
"Which of these protests shall we
take up first?" inquired Mayor Phelan.
"I would suggest it be that of the Mar
\ ket-street Railway Company; it is the
i most important of the corporation." "I
think that is right," assented Super
! visor Aigeltlnger. "we have heard
! something which "
"Market-street Railway Company,"
> shouted Clerk Klrby from the door of
the committee-room, and in answer
! came Henry Lynch, superintendent of
the system, J. A. Foulds, attorney, and
j E. Black Ryan, the Southern Pacific's
' tax expert and political connubiator.
Mr. Ryan introduced Mr. Lynch, .who
was promptly? sworn, although no ne
crwdty for it developed. There was not
i"a minute' in which Mr. Lynch knew just
EITHER OTIS OR THE
CORRESPONDENTS MUST GO
WASHINGTON, July 17.— "Either
Major General Otis or the newspaper
correspondents must go. To deport
the correspondents will probably be ac
cepted at home and abroad to be a re
turn to the old "Spanish method of
muzzling the press. To relieve Major
General Otis will mean an official ac
knowledgment of his failure and a de
moralization , of military discipline."
This is the way a member of the
Cabinet with whom I talked this even
ing stated the problem which confronts
the administration as the result of the
publication of the newspaper corre
spondents' "round robin," protesting
against the course of General Otis. .
- Just what action will be taken will
not be known until after the Cabinet
meeting to-morrow.; As the matter
stands to-night most of the Cabinet
ministers with whom I talked think it
will be imperative for .the President to
relieve General Otis or instruct him to
Continued 'on ; Second Pa«e.
what he was talking about. "Well,"
said Mr. Lynch. "I don't know that I
have much to say, only these assess
ments are too high." Asked why he
thought so, Mr. Lynch made an attempt
to explain and continued to make no
progress until Mayor Phelan suggested
the line of argument that should be
pursued.
"What was the market value of the
stocks and bonds of your system in
March last?" he asked.
"There were between 31,000 and 32,
--000 shares out," was the irrelevant an
swer. "But what was their value?"
persisted the Mayor. And the troubles
that hereafter multiplied for Lynch be
gan. He took his flrst step in the maze
by attempting an answer in generali
ties*. Black Ryan, who can always ex
plain, looked on compassionately. Mr.
Foulds, pressed to the issue, offered Mr.
Lynch a tabulated statement with
which to refresh his fagged memory.
"There were stocks aVid bonds to the
amount of $16,996,000," said Mr. Lynch.
"There were 83,000 shares on the market
at 63— 55,229,000 in all. I think 186,170
shares have been issued in all at a par
value of $11,728,710."
• Mayor Phelan asked why Mr. Lynch
gave the par value rather than the
market value of the company's bonds.
He said it was upon the market value
that the assessment of the corporation's
intangible assets had been computed.
Lynch replied that the market value
of the bonds should not be considered,
as interest was paid only on the par
value and the earning capacity of the
bonds, consequently not influenced by
the premium that might exist upon the
paper in the market.
"Besides, market values on stocks
and bonds are so often fictitious," mod
estly submitted Mr. Foulds.
"These bonds are not In the market,
they are in our treasury," suggested
the purpling Mr. Ryan to the involved
Mr. Lynch, sotto voce. "Yes, they are
not in the market," echoed Mr. Lynch,
and he looked entreatingly around for
another tip. Mr. Foulds thought it
best to take up the tangled thread him
self, and ignoring the formality of be
ing sworn said he could not understand
why the Assessor had taken the market
rather than the par value of the com
pany's bonds as a basis of assessment
of the company's intangible property,
or, in simple words, the company's
franchise.
Dodge broke In with the statement
that he had taken the market value of
the stock and of the bonds as well as
the best criterion of the value of the
property intangible and tangible that
was behind them, the value of which
warranted the buying public in offer
ing 15 per cent premium on the bonds
and $63 per share for the stock. Dodge
did not say that he had assessed the
bonds directly. For the sake of well
simulated argument, however. Foulds
assumed that such was the Assessor's
mistake. ' .
- "There seems to be a great deal of
confusion." said he. "I shall attempt
to explain. The Assessor and his
Honor seem to think that the bonds
themselves have been assessed. This
is not so; it is the property which these
bonds represent, our right to do busi
ness, which he has attempted to put a
valuation upon. The only proper way
to arrive at such a result is to take the
par value of our bonds ($100) as the
bonds at par represent, the actual
value; the market rate has nothing
whatever to do with it."
"Why not?" pertinently inquired
Supervisor Collins.
"Why not" was precisely what the
prolix Mr. Foulds was not seeking op
portunity to tell, nor did he. He simply
reiterated that the earning capacity of
the bonds Was governed by the mort
gage which they secured and in no wise
by the market value at which they
might obtain.
Mayor Phelan asked Mr. Foulds what
he had to urge as a reason he had not
made a statement of the par value of
the bonds in preparing for assessment.
"The Market-street Company ' has not
paid its just share of taxes for ten
year* " said he, nicely. 'v a>
"The entire value of your stocks and
bonds on which you have paid interest
and:builded up a surplus 500.000 is
$26,000,000, and you quibble at paying
taxes . on. $15,000,000," continued his
Honor. •'..-'•_ : . ' ': •
. "I want to say," said Dr. . Dodge at
this point, "that I have been more than
fair, with the corporations, and they
can see it if they will look Into it.
Whenever I could I have given them
the benefit of the doubt and have as
sessed them at a lower rate than indi
vidual holders when I have been able
to do so. I did not Want to hear the
cry that I was cinching the corpora
. tions."
And. then out. came the meat of the
whole harangue why a morning had
i been given over. by Assessor Dodge and
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
assessed in argument that was but
weak subterfuge and weaker figures
over nothing but "intangible property."
In an instant it developed that this
quibble and apparent ill feeling that
had arisen in an argument solely over
a comparative bagatelle of $800,000 on
the franchise was calculated to furnish
the reason and be the excuse for a re
duction of $3,555,550 along every- line of
the monopoly's property tangible as
well as "untangible."
Assessor Dodge let that kitten out of
the bag when, in answer to a question
from Supervisor Collins Dr. Dodge ad
mitted flatly that while he had assessed
the real estate of the individual prop
erty holder the man who owns his
horne at from seventy-five to ninety
per cent of its actual value, he had as
sessed the "tangible" property of the
Market Street Railway Company at but
sixty per cent, and in some cases at
fifty cent.
Supervisor Collins gasped, Mayor
Phelan cast a soulful eye of entreaty
at the Assessor. Mr. E. Black Ryan
merely fidgeted. Mr. Foulds came to
the front with the brave statement,
which was calculated to fill an embar
rassing pause, that he considered that
he had convinced his hearers that the
figures of Assessor Dodge were out of
all reason; that he thought his $800,000
argument fully warranted a reduction
.of. three .million, and a..half. Then he
I closed his case.
Mr. Ryan, however, was not so sure
of that argument. For once the little
politician of the Southern Pacific was
rattled. His perception had not been
dulled by the difficulties of a bad argu
ment and he had not been blind to the
effect Assessor Dodge's admission had
had upon even those who have been
considered the most unregenerate of
the board. It came to them all as a
substantiation of a grist of rumors that
have persisted ever since the board sat
as a body of equalizers and Assessor
Dodge's involved figures were brought
out where they could be seen.
For days residents of the Panhandle
district had been asking why the as
sessments along the line of that pro
posed flower garden had been figured
at so much higher a figure than other
properties in other sections which was
considered quite as desirable for resi
dence purposes. Individuals who owned
blocks next to and like their neighbors
had asked why theirs was the higher
by several per cent than the other.
Bankers with a hundred thousand dol
lars in deposits had been in to ask why
their franchises were assessed at $2500
and the franchises of banking institu
tions whose deposits bumped around
among- the millions were set down at
only $5000, or at the most $10,000.
Rumors of such unjust discrimination
were of daily occurrence, and the un
guarded admission of the almost always
astute Dr. Dodge had given them the
confirmation which they might have al
ways lacked. It was apparently fur
ther to conceal this break that Mr.
Ryan kicked up a little argument on
his own account with Dr. Dodge on the
other side of the question. It involved
only a couple of hundred thousand dol
lars, however, and was dismissed by ,
the board as frivolous. Mr. Ryan, Mr.
Lynch and Mr. Foulds were allowed to
depart.
Supervisor Phelps went into the main
chamber and talked for a moment with
Lynch. Mr. Byington moved that the
Assessor's figures be allowed to stand.
Mr. Phelps promptly moved as an
amendment that the Market Street
Railway Company's assessment be re
duced $1,000,000.
"Assessor Dodge, did I understand
you to say that you had assessed pri
vate property owners at seventy-five
and ninety per cent and the Market
Street Railway Company at only from
fifty to sixty per cent?" suddenly de
manded Supervisor Collins.
"Why, yes, you see I "
"Then it seems. to me that instead of
being reduced this assessment should
be raised. I see no reason why the
private property, holders should be dis
criminated against in favor of the cor
porations. I move as a substitute that
the assessment of the Market Street
Company's franchise be raised $600,00<^
and that that amount be added to thS
franchise." • yy'yy
"I second that motion," said Aigel
tlnger. "And I." chorused Perrault,
and then the motion was put, and only-
Mr. Phelps, who had talked with
Mr. Lynch, voted against it.
Then some one said Spring Valley.
The representative of the water com
pany had been waiting all the morning
and should be heard, but somehow or
other the Oakland Water Company got
first place and Dr. Dodge was afforded
an opportunity to come out in the open
and defend another of his assessments
against an unsought increase. The
Oakland Water Company, for reasons
best known to itself, does business
across the bay and keeps its Incorpora
tion papers on file in this city. Until
this year its franchise had not been
assessed. Dr. Dodge appraised it at
$400,000. Aigeltlnger said it was the in
tention to run that figure up to $600.
--000, and Dodge strongly objected. He
said he had consulted with Assessor
Dalton. of Alameda County and from
facts supplied by him knew that he had
assessed the company fairly. "We do
not want to assess them to the extent
that we will drive them from the
county," said he. "I think $400,000 is
Continued on Second Past.2
AVENGED A WRONG
DONE TO HIS WIFE
Henry Ettringham Kills
John W. Clark.
— » —
TRAGEDY NEAR VALLECITO
— • —
Sequel to Drugging and Assaulting
of a Weak-Minded Woman by
a Man Who Pretended
to Be a Doctor.
; '-•jf-'f': '■ ■■ '
* ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, July 17.— Henry Et
tringham shot and instantly killed John
W. Clark at the home of the former this
morning. The Ettringham home is pleas
antly situated in a shaded spot on the
slope of a hill two miles from Vallecito.
Henry Ettingham lived there with his
wife and 3-year-old daughter, to whom he
Is passionately devoted.
His home life was rudely broken into
on Sunday night, when his wife told him
of the adventures of John W. Clark. Her
story to him was that of a distracted wife
to an indulgent husband. Mrs. Ettring
ham is an unfortunate woman. She is
possessed of a weak mind, incapable of
withstanding the approaches of a design
ing scoundrel. She was once the inmate
of an asylum, but her existence seems to
center upon that of her husband and
child. The story she poured into the Et
tringham ear was one that astounded
him. She related how Clark came to
their home on Friday morning and asked
for something to eat. She was frightened,
but granted his request. He told of a
wife and baby he had left in Missouri and
worked upon her naturally sympathetic
nature until he gained the upper hand.
She was complaining of pains in the
head and stomach and mentioning the
■ fact that she was suffering, he posed as
a doctor and diagnosed her case as o_le
of the stomach and head. Then she was
persuaded to take drugs, which caused
her to become unconscious and the vic
tim of her visitor.
After a family council an arrangement
was made by which Clark could be
caught. Ettringham decided to leave t*»e
house with his lunch bucket as if going
to work as usual. He would then return
and while he went toward the house by
one route John Batto, his brother-in-law,
and his son would each close in by dif
ferent paths and thus cut off the possible •
retreat of Clark. The scheme was car- j
ried out to the letter.
Ettringham hid his rifle in the vineyard j
near the house, and on his return, accord
ing to the preconcerted plan, this morn- j
ing secured it. As he did so the sound of
voices came to his ears, and he knew
Clark was in the bouse. He advanced to
ward the door. As he did so a scream ;
was heard, and he saw his wife run out ;
of the door. Clark followed her, and seiz
ing her by the wrist attempted to drag \
her back into the house. As he did so the
now thoroughly enraged husband called
to him to throw up his hands. Clark
dropped the coat which was on his arm
and threw One hand behind him. Think
ing that he was about to draw a weapon
Ettringham threw his rifle to his shoulder
and fired. Clark ran and another shot
was fired, but the first .had gone home
and Clark dropped dead. -. -.
Ettringham rode to Murphys and gave
himself up to the officers.
The body of Clark was examined and a
miscellaneous assortment of things was
found upon him. On his coat was a J
badge bearing the name of "John W.
Clark. First Arkansas Volunteers. Span- I
ish-American War." A discharge granted
for disability at San. Francisco was found :
among his effects. He was a stranger
here.
At the Coroner's inquest; held to-day. a
• verdict was rendered to the effect tiiat the
killing was justifiable homicide, and ex
onerating Ettringham.
CORPORATIONS
CANNOT ESCAPE
Continued From First Paste.
enough, as they do no business here
and lake no money from the county."
ln deference to the Assessor's opinion
Mr. Aigeltinger cut down the board's
intentions $100,000 and moved that the
assessment be increased to $500,000.
Again Phelps was the sole negative.
"I move we reconsider the vote where
by we denied the protest of the Sutter
Street Railway Company. From facts
1 have gathered I think its assessment
should be materially raised." The mo
tion came from Aigeltinger. "I thought
that had been disposed of," objected
Dodge. Mayor Phelan ordered Attorney j
Freidenrich called in. Attorney Freid- j
enrich was surprised and impressed
upon the board that he did not appear
as the representative of the company.
He was questioned pro and con, but
could furnish absolutely no informa
tion. Mayor Phelan, however, made a
hot bundle of it, to the distress of the
Assessor. A question from his Honor
called up that argument over the par
ity and premium of the Market Street
bonds. Asked on what basis he had ap
praised the Sutter Street Company,
Dodge was obliged to confess he had
figured the bonds at their par value,
instead of at their market value, as in
the case of the Market Street Corpora
tion.
Asked why he had seen fit to change
his system of calculation, he lamely an
swered that the secretary of the com
pany had declined to let him see the
books. Freidenrich helped him out with
the statement that he did not think the
bonds of the company were listed.
Attorney Kellogg and Engineer
Brooks of the Spring Valley Water
Company came in to tell why the com
pany's assessment should be reduced
over $2,000,000. Their argument was
practically the same as that made on
Thursday last; that the board had* es
timated the company's taxes when it
figured the water rate and that it now
had no right to subtract from its legal
income by. allowing a heavy assessment.
Dodge and Kellogg indulged in a
lengthy argument on the cost of pipe
laying. Questions, well-directed, devel
oped the fact that Spring Valley had
been dealt as kindly by as had the Mar
ket-street Company. The value of the
corporation's stocks and bonds was
found to be $25,000,000, the assessment
but $8,000,000, but the figures had been
60 cleverly juggled that the board could
find no place on which to hang an in
crease in assessment. It gave it up as
a thankless task and allowed the as
sessment to stand as it was.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, assessed at $6,178,612, and the
Pacific Gas Improvement Company,
with property valued at $2,440,000, were
found in the same cleverly accom
plished condition, and were also let
alone. The Contra Costa Water Com
pany, with only its corporation papers
in* this city, was allowed to stand at
$750,000, the assessment : on its fran
chise.
Wells, Fargo & Co., one of the slip
periest tax shirkers in the lot, had got
rid of most of its taxable holdings by
shipping them out to its branch banks
and, although the board was resolved
to for once compel that institution to
Bhare its just portion of the tax burden,
It could flnd nothing more to.tax.. : . •_-
At the afternoon session the most im
portant matter under consideration
was the assessment of the Sutter-street
Railway Company. It was .understood
that this corporation would send repre
sentatives to the board to show cause
why the assessed valuation of its prop
erty should not be raised. The corpora
tion sent no agent, ever, and Super
visor Aigeltinger moved that the as
lessment of the company increased
190,000. - "~ •
Assessor Dodge emphatically objected
CADETS ENJOYING
DUTIES OF CAMP
LEAGUE OF
CROSS BOYS
ARE HAPPY
. ♦
Take to Their Work With
the Precision of Veteran
Campaigners.
ENTERTAITviSITORS
— —
Archbishop Riordan Expected To-
Day, and the Regiment Will
March to Meet Him.
- - -♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SANTA
CRUZ, July 17.— Camp Fallon has as
sumed the appearance and discipline
of a regular army encampment.
The routine laid out hy the com
manding officer Is being followed out
to the letter. The League of tne
Cross Cadets have taken to their
duties like old campaigners and are rap-
Idly becoming familiar with the interest
ing ceremonies that are enacted daily in
camp. Of the 340 officers and men now
in camp but one is. occupying the hospi
tal tent, and the young man would not be
in that condition if he had not tried to
smoke a strong pipe.
Hundreds of visitors inspected the camp
yesterday and to-day. The cadets enter
tained them with songs and music and
displayed the Interior decorations of their
tents." The usual routine was observed
to-day! Camp was awakened at 5:20 a. m.
by reveille. As the last note of the fa
miliar call was heard the regimental
band struck up the "Star-spangled Ban
ner" and the stars and stripes were raised
and the gun boomed. Breakfast, as usual,
was eagerly waited for by the whole reg
iment. The food prepared by Cateier
Abrams is of good quality and is to the
satisfaction of the entire regiment. The
boys' appetites are made keen by the
open-air exercise and they are proving
good trenchermen. : ■•
At 7:10 the three battalions, in command
of Majors McGloin, Deasy and McCarthy,
were marched into the baseball grounds
and were put through an hour's drill. The
boys enjoyed their maneuvering, as was
evidenced In the enthusiastic way they
charged with drawn swords at an Imag
inary enemy. Guard mounting is proving
as great a feature as dress parade. Tne
former ceremony was enacted at 9 o'clock
and was watched by a large crowd. The
picturesque spectacle was gone through
with few errors and showed that the ca
dets have been carefully drilled, 'ihe
presence of the fiand at guard mount is a
feature. Dress parade in the afternoon at
tracted the usual large crowd of visitors
and residents of the city.
In the evening the cadets gave a dance
in the Dolphin boathouse. Music was fur
nished by members of the band and danc
ing was kept up until a late hour.
Archbishop Riordan is expected to ar
rive at Camp Fallon to-morrow. It is un
derstood that the regiment will march
down to the depot and escort him to camp
on his arrival.
The regimental band will give a con
cert on the veranda of the St. George ho
tel next Thursday night. The following
programme" has been arranged by Freu
Neuberger, the leader of the band: March,
(Chan); waltz, "Blue Danube"; selections
from Clorindy; rag time skedaddle;
march, "Bride-elect"; Plantation echoes-
Georgia campmeeting; "Whistling Rufus"
and march. W. M. B.
The same evening the regiment will
march uptown and hold dress parade in
front ol the hotel. -
A baseball game will be played by the
officers of the regiment to-morrow. The
probable line-up will be as follows:
Father Dempsey Catcher Lieut. Carroll (D)
Capt. Duffy Pitcher Lieut. Touhey (G)
Capt. Sullivan.. Shortstop Capt. Powers (G)
Maj. Morrissey- First base ...Capt. Hopper (A)
Lieut. Mahoney. Second baße.Capt. Monahan (L)
Maj. McCarthy. Third base Capt. Dixon (G)
Lieut. Ke11y.... Right field. ..Capt. Bannon (C)
Lleut.-Col. Ryan Left field Capt. Dwyer (D)
Mr. Levy Center field.. Lieut. Malone (E)
Major McGloin Is sad. His condition of
I mind was brought on by a joke played on
to any Increase In the assessment. He ]
said that he felt sure that the corpora
tion would resent the assessment, carry
the controversy into the courts and per
haps invalidate the entire assessment.
Supervisor Aigeltinger pleaded that the
board, in justice to itself, should raise
the assessment. His motion did not
prevail, however, and there the matter
ended. b~; -
The rest of the afternoon was con
sumed in listening to the appeals of
poor property owners, small business
men and merchants. In most Instances
the appeals for relief were granted and
many thousands of dollars were taken
off the assessments of these people that
had suffered from . discrimination.
When the last complaint had been
heard the board adjourned as a Board
of Equalization. The last day's work
had been a profitable one for the city
and its people. '-b
An intimation has been made that an
attempt will be made to have the in
creased assessments declared Illegal on ;
the ground that the corporations were
not notified that their assessments were
to be increased. If such a contention
be made it will fall, as the Supervi
sors acted fully within the meaning and
letter of the law. They gave every in
terested corporation a hearing and
nothing more was necessary.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received
and referred to the proper committees:
Pacific Paving Company, on behalf of prop
erty owners, permission to pave Clay street,
between Spruce and Maple, with bitumen; R.
Stettin, for extension of three months on con
tract to lav artificial stone sidewalk on south
side of Pine street. 187:6 feet west of Octavia;
property owners, for the establishment of lines
of streets in San Miguel City and Getz, Addi
tion Tract; Sunnyside District Progressive Im
provement Club, requesting further • time be
granted Fllnn & Treacy on contract to sewer
crossing of Joost, Circular and San Jose ave
nues; Bohemian Club, for permission to erect
an additional story on the building on the
northeast corner of Grant avenue 'and Ashbur
ton place; North Central Improvement Associa-
I tion, requesting that Washington street, from
Battery to East, be put in flrst-class condition;
property owners,- for permission to retain -the
cement curbing In front of premises at 11. 13,
IS and 17 De Long avenue; Mrs. M. DeWitt,
administrator, for permission to construct 100
lineal feet of 4-foot plank sidewalk on the
east side of Baker street, between Greenwich
and Lombard; Cits Street Improvement Com
pany, on behalf of . property owners, to pave
with bituminous rock Cole street, between
Hayes and Fell; Holly Park and Mission Street
Improvement Club, for setting apart of $1500
In the nexfr tax levy for the purpose of ex
tending Richland and East Park avenues to
Andover avenue; Balfour, Guthrie Investment
Company, for Including ln next tax levy of a
sum sufficient to fix up that part of Lafayette
Park fronting on Washington street,- between
Gough and Octavia; G. B. Robblns, for permis
sion to fix up . for exhibition . purposes the flrst
floor and basement of premises formerly occu
pied by a drug store In the Baldwin block at
Market and PoweU streets; 8. G. Hlndes. for
permission to use, 3x4-lnch Instead of 2x6 inch
studding lnla two-story building on the north
west oornei'of Pine and Taylor streets, and to
omit the fire escape and stand pipe; San Fran
cisco Paving Company, to pave by private con
tract with ..bituminous rock' the crossing of
Washington , and Laurel streets; Thomas G.
I Newman, for renumbering of buildings on south
I side of Market street ; property . owners, re
i questinr that no action be taken for the con
templated withdrawal of Engine Company No.
■ '26 at 327 Second street. Charles A. Reynolds,
THE SAX FK AS CISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JULY | 18, 899.
WILLIE KANE, AGED 13, THE PRIDE OF CAMP FALLON.!
He ls a member of the bugle corps, and, although he is the youngest
member in that branch of the regiment, he surpasses his elders in playing the
bugle. He was on duty the first night In camp, and when ln the stillness of
the night he blew taps, every one paused to listen to the sweet music, as
it was artistically rendered. Colonel Sullivan is proud of the youngster, as is
also every officer and member of the regiment. Willie has been a member,
of the League of the Cross Cadets for the past three months. He began
playing the bugle a year ago,; and in that short time has mastered it.
him by brother officers. While the major
was attending to duty elsewhere, the
"Owls" took advantage of his absence
and made a mound out of the sawdust In
his tent and on the top of it placed a
brick and some evergreens. His nice new
duck trousers were placed at the foot of
the pile, as was also his sword. A sign
Inviting him to rest in peace was tacked
on the center pole and one of the buglers
was prevailed on to play "taps." Major
McGloin did not take kindly to the joke.
He thought it was too grave a one to play
on an officer of his station.
On Invitation of members of the Santa
Cruz Naval Reserve a party of cadets left
camp on Sunday afternoon for a five-mile
row on one of the reserve's cutters. The
boys went to Capitola. and on landing
marched through the town together. The
sound of their bugles attracted the atten
tion of the summer residents there and
they gave the soldiers and sailors a fit
ting reception. The boat was in charge
of Ensign Thomas Armstrong. The fol
lowing cadets were in charge of First Ser
geant G. Sears: Sergeant J. McDonald,
Sergeant William Smith, Musician Sten
ny Privates W. Farrell, J. Linihan and
H.' Owens of Company L; Corporal Bo
land. Corporal R. McDermott. Musician
J Mohun, Privates P. Meherin, J. P.
Kelly. W. O'Connor, J. Baptiste, J. Mc-
Cormick of Company D: W. D. Hughes of
Company I; W. Keenan of Company D,
and E. Salter of Company E.
Private Watson of Company A is in
disgrace. At dinner Sunday night he re
marked that the reason why the regiment
had a chicken feast was due wholly to
the baseball game this afternoon.
He completed his reasons by asserting
that the cooks stood outside the baseball
grounds during the game between Santa
Cruz and San Jose and caught all the
"fouls" and prepared' them for dinner.
Needless to say that he nearly lost his
life. Jf,:.ryr yy
Captain Bannon .distinguished himself
yesterday by putting on a pair of leggins
according to his own idea. When his
mistake was discovered he was "joshed,"
and his unsympathetic brother officers re
called how Father Dempsey made the
same mistake at a previous encampment.
Benjamin McKinley, first sergeant of
Company A. said to be a nephew of the
President, has bought a number of gold
for removal of buildings which obstruct Hooper
and Irwin streets, between Sixth and Seventh
streets; business men on Taylor street for re
moval of fence In front of the new building on
that street, between Golden Gate avenue and
Turk street; property-owners, for the con
struction of a sewer in A street, between
Seventh and Eighth avenues; residents, for
the placing of electric lights on Prospect ave
nue, at Coso and Esmeralda avenues; Federa
tion of Mission Improvement Clubs, calling at
tention to the fact that electric lights granted
by the board have not been erected ln outly
ing districts; D. S. Bliss, for permission to con
struct retaining wall at corner of Broadway
and Baker street. ';;_',;•
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received
and referred to the proper committees:
W. H. H. Hart and residents west of De
visadero street against any action that will at
all destroy the efficiency of the Fire and Police,
departments; property-owners, against laying
artificial stone sidewalks on O'Farrell street,
between Laguna and Buchanan; merchants and
property-owners, against disbandment of
Chemical Engine No. 3, located at 112 Jackson
street; property-owners, against laying of
plank sidewalks on west side of Fifth avenue,
between California and Chestnut streets;
manufacturers and others, against the dis
bandment of Engine Company No. 9, located on
Main street, between Folsom and Harrison;
Federation of Mission Improvement Clubs,
against purchase of any private property for
St. Mary's Park. v _\.
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications, were re
ceived and referred to the proper com
mittees: --:</ y_ '-__
J. J. Sweeney, hoping the board will act with
discretion in the matter of the allowance to the
Fire Department; N. C. Hawks, offering to re
duce to $2500 his claim for $3715 damages to his
property on the east side of Polk street, ' be
tween Lombard and Chestnut, caused by a cut
of 54 feet ln the grade of said street.
ACCEPTANCE RECOMMENDED.
The Street Superintendent recommended
the full acceptance of street work as fol
lows: ..yy-y:
Market street. Valencia to Sanchez, bitumen.
Union Paving Company; Waller street. Market
to Laguna, bitumen, Union Paving Company,
private contract: Twenty-ninth street. Church
to Sanchez, bitumen, San Francisco Paving
Company, private contract; Thirteenth street,
Buena Vista to Alpine, cobbles, Flinn &
Treacy, private contract; Golden Gate avenue.
Baker to Lyon, bitumen. City Improvement
Company, private contract.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The superintendent recommended that
the following street work be ordered done:
Kansas street, . from Army to a point distant
433 feet, to be graded, curb laid, rock gutter
ways constructed, roadway and ' sidewalks
macadamized; artificial stone sidewalk on Lo
cust street, between Washington and Jackson;
artificial stone sidewalks on south side of Page
street, between Fillmore and Steiner.
' A communication was received from the
Superintendent of Streets recommending
that Fred Leffier be granted an extension
of ninety days' time on his contract to
grade Scott street between Clement and
Lombard. • ________________ yfy-y'.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Lieutenant Darrah Relieved From
Mustering Duty Here.
WASHINGTON, July 17.— A postoffice
was to-day established at Charter Oak,
Los Angeles County", and Francis T. Gra
ham was; appointed Postmaster.- -The
special postal service between Somerton,
Cal., and Yuma, Ariz., will be discon
tinued after "August 20. Anton Peterson i
bricks since his arrival- in camp. He
swears he will have them tested in future
before he buys them. y-
One feature of Camp Fallon this year
is the combination of Companies M and
R. They have a well decorated street.
Father Dempsey donned a pair of leg
gins and joined the cadets in a game of
baseball to-day. The popular priest
knocked the ball farther than any of those
who participated in the game. Father
Dempsey is enjoying his stay In camp.
He Is extremely popular with the young
soldiers. ■■7-":. •
Captain Hopper has one of the best
fitted up tents^in camp. Every evening
a crowd congregates around it, and the
visitors are entertained with songs and
Instrumental music.
Private McNamara, base drum soloist
of the field music, will never seek slumber
In his tent in the daytime. He "tried that
experiment yesterday, and while sleeping
a number of his friends striped his face
with lampblack., \
Sergeant Major Dougherty appeared in
camp Sunday in a make-up. that put Lieu
tenant Crowly's tie In mourning. The
dress consisted of a horseshoe vest, a pink
shirt, a lemon colored tie and a pair of
white duck trousers. The boys regret
that Dougherty must return to the city.
He has become a general favorite by his
accommodating ways and sweet singing.
The 'Pie Face Five," members of Com
pany F. have had printed a novel souve
nir of their camp life. Photographs of
themselves in the pleasing attitude of eat
ing pies are pasted on a pieplate, and un
der each picture is the name of the cadets
who make life pleasant in Company F's
street. D. J. Toomey is known as the
lieutenant general. M. Tenancy as major
general, Pat Hynes as secretary of war,
E. Toomey as brigadier general and A. J.
Flynn as general. These lads come from
Oakland, but claim they are not "dead"
ones. The "four sports" occupy all ad
joining tent. They have also had a card
printed to present to the members of the
fair sex. The "sports" are W. J. Walbey,
L. T. Flynn, T. Connellan and T. F.
Noble. '■Jf- : f-Z~- '■'-•■" f'~y"'
Companies H and M have combined to
make their street the best decorated in
camp. The members of both companies
have suspended vari-colored- lanterns
from their ridge poles, and when lighted
up the effect is very beautiful.
was to-day appointed Postmaster at Tas
sajura, Contra Costa County, vice Her
bert L. Dalton, resigned.
Army orders— By direction of the Sec
retary of War, First Lieutenant Thomas
W. Darrah. Twentieth United States In
fantry, is relieved from further muster
ing duty at San Francisco. He will pro
ceed to Vancouver barracks, Washington,
and report in person to his regimental
commander for assignment to duty.
Hans Hansen, general service, now at
Fort Sam Houston, Texas, Is transferred
to Company L, Sixth United States In
fantry. He will be sent to the Presidio,
and will report upon his arrival to the
commanding officer, who will furnish him
transportation to the Philippines.
Acting Hospital Steward Gustav Bon
hauser, Hospital Corps, San Francisco,
will be sent to Manila and will report
upon his arrival there to the chief sur
geon, Department of the Pacific, for as
signment to duty.
Private Alfred R. Poett, Company I,
Fourteenth United States Infantry, Phil
ippines, will be discharged the service of
the United States by the commanding of
ficer of the station. -tj 7 ,
Private James Murphy, general servoce.
Fort Sam Houston, Texas, is transferred
to the Nineteenth United States Infantry.
He will be sent to the Presidio to await
the arrival of the regiment to which he is
transferred.
Pensions: Calif Original : John
Hlggins. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, 18.
Renewal— Clifford A. Fuller, Fresno, $8.
Increase— Robert Spence, Soldiers' Home,
L'»s Angeles, $6 to $8: Lucius C. Bur
beck, San Diego, $8 to $12; John Randall.
Hanford, $10 to $12; Henry Colman, San
Francisco, $6 to $8* special, July 8, Frank
lin D. Hasen, Soldiers' Home, Los An- ;
geles, $8.
Oregon: Increase— James _.', Whltworth,
Burns, $6 to $8; Thomas B. Denslow, Ver
nonia. $6 to $8.
Washington: additional— lsaac H. Long,
Moscow. $6 to $8. -Renewal— Jerome W.
Green, Spokane, $8. Increase— George W.
Dightman, Friday Harbor, $8 to $12; j
James W. Wilson, Edison, $6 to $10.
STEAMSHIP'S CARGO
.b; OF OIL IN FLAMES
Standard Company Vessel Sinks in
the Harbor of Hali
fax.
HALIFAX, July 17.— Standard Oil
Company's tank steamer Maverick, which
arrived on Saturday from New York with
a cargo of oil, is sunk in the harbor.
While at ' her pier; this morning a six
inch pipe,' forming a part of the oil pump
ing : equipment, burst and the oil flowed
down '■ into the < engine room and became
ignited. "Bhe steamer's crew made efforts
to subdue the flames which followed, but
were obliged to leave . the ship to save
themselves. .-In a - short time sheets of
flame 7 were rising from the steamer In
several places. . ■...-.■
■ The city fire brigade was called out,
fearing " a general conflagration. This
danger - was averted by an explosion
which blew a hole in the ship's side. She
careened and gradually filled with water
and sank.. She now- lies submerged, only
her masts being visible. About two
thirds of the cargo remained in the ves
sel at the time of the, disaster and this
was destroyed.'
A large area of water is covered with
blazing oil and thousands of persons have
been attracted to the scene. y.yy-*-\
BIGAMY CHARGE
AGAINST PEYTON
Mine Owner Accused by
Former Wife.
— • —
SENSATION AT SPOKANE
•
THE COLONEL SUED FOR HALF
OF HIS PROPERTY.
r- . <• — — •
Plaintiff Alleges That She Was De
frauded in the Settlement of a
Previous Action She
Brought.
<y 4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, July 17.— A most sensa
tional suit was begun to-day in the Su
perior Court of this county. Colonel I.
N. Peyton, until recently president of
the Exchange National Bank, owner of
the big Peyton block, and identified
with a number of big; mining companies
in the Northwest, is made defendant in
an action brought by a former wife now
living in Denver, Colo. The woman's
name is Helen M. Peyton. She recites
how Colonel Peyton came to Spokane
under the assumed name of Colonel
George H. Morgan and acquired con
siderable property. It is further al
leged "that "he . pretended to marry
another woman named Victor Hough
ton, and is now unlawfully living and
cohabiting with said woman as his
wife." fyo
Allegations of fraud in the settlement
of a former action are made against the
colonel. Suit is now begun by the for- |
mer wife to recover half of the prop- ]
erty of the oolonel, the "value of which j
is estimated at over $1,000,000. 'yf-fff
Colonel Peyton is one of the most |
prominent men of the Northwest, and I
was a heavy stockholder in the Lerni
mine. His wife is a society leader here
and the patroness of a big society event
—a muslcale to be given to-morrow at
the Westminster. Congregational
Church. frfyJ:
Briefly, the complaint recites that
Peyton and the plaintiff were. married
in February, 1869, at Champaign, 111.,
and later moved to Colorado. In 1878
| Peyton deserted her and she never saw
! him again until 1886, when she learned
i he was living in this city under the
1 name of Colonel George H. Morgan.
Peyton's change of name is known to
old residents, as Peyton to-day owns
land in Morgan's addition, which he
platted when he bore that cognomen.
Continuing, the complaint says that
under the name of Morgan in 1886 Pey
ton married Miss Houghton, his pres
ent wife. The next month the plaintiff
brought suit for a share of the prop
erty Peyton had acquired, and in De
cember Peyton gave her $3000 in notes,
saying he owned but $6000 worth of
property. In this, she says, he deceived
her. She asserts he owns mining stock
and real estate in Santa Barbara, Cal.
She asks the court to compel him to
make an accounting and to give her
half his property and that he be re
quired to pay her alimony pending the
litigation and cash for court costs and
attorney's fees.
The complaint was filed late to-night
and is consequently not generally
known, but It promises to create an
even greater sensation than did the suit
between the parties In earlier days, one
result of which was that Colonel Mor
gan became Colonel Peyton in name.
WAR CORRESPONDENTS
NOW SCORE OTIS
Continued from First Page.
order the correspondents away, some
think, appointing a new military com
mander to take charge of the field op
erations, leaving Otis to perform the
work of Governor General and pursu
ing a less strict censorship over the
press dispatches. The extreme mili
tary view which is held by at least two
members of the Cabinet is that the
correspondents should be deported.
I have good authority for saying the
President has given serious thought to
the appointment of a new commanding
general for the military forces in the
Philippines when active operations are
resumed in the autumn. He feels that
there is too much for one man to do.
The fact that General Otis underesti
mates the number of men required to
cope with the situation has demon
strated that he has not had time to
consider properly the real demands of
the situation. When Major General
Lawton was sent to Manila it was the
understanding that he would have con
trol of the military operations under
General Otis, while the latter should
attend to the duties of Governor Gen
eral. Apparently General Lawton has
not been given the authority intended.
In applying such a strict censorship
to the press dispatches, it can be safely
asserted that _ General Otis has not
acted under instructions from Wash
ington. The President has never been
in favor of rigid censorship.. He wants
the truth to be known. Some time ago
a newspaper complained to the Presi
dent that its dispatches were being cen
sored too strictly, and the President
directed the relief of the censor, and
another officer was assigned to duty in
his tdl&cb
Secretary Hay, in speaking of the
< "round robin," thought It not possible
to believe that all the officers and per
sons who have returned from the Phil
i ippines, and have written to him, are in
a conspiracy to lie in support of Gen
i eral Otis. Secretary Long said he knew
; of no dispatches being suppressed, cx
i cept those dealing with the plans of
j campaigns.
In ' military circles some officials de
i clare if they were in Otis' place they
would immediately deport the corre
! spondents. I learned to-day that
i Lieutenant Colonel Thompson, chief
; signal officer at Manila, recently wrote
| to a friend in Washington, deploring
I the strict censorship he was compelled
j to maintain, arid explaining that corre
spondents were compelled to work in
cessantly to obtain facts concerning the
movements of troops, etc., yet, under
his orders, he was compelled to cut their
I dispatches.
With respect to the alleged minimiza
tion of naval operations, private letters
received here indicate that the corre
spondents have had much difficulty in
getting reports of naval operations by
the censor," and as Colonel Thompson
disavows responsibility for this it. Is
presumed that General "Otis directed
that some of the statements concerning
warships be stricken out.
Officials of the War Department say
that, with the exception of plans of
the campaign, every dispatch received
from Manila has been made public.
They fear now, however, that the
"round robin" will give the impression
to the country that Washington has
concealed facts which the people should
know. This impression may be made
use of by anti-imperialists, who have
repeatedly declared that the United
States has not made much headway in
the Philippines, and .unless the insur
rection is crushed by the time Congress
reassembles it is likely to be used to
keep up the agitation of hope of bring
ing abcrut a withdrawal "of the" "Amer
ADVERTISEMENTS. „________————
DR. ABORN.
Eye, Ear, Nose, Throat and
Lung Specialist.
OVER 30 YEARS' SUCCESSFUL PRACTICE.
CONSUMPTION. and
Early application to one skilled in the treatment of CATARRH. THR^ an _
LUNG DISEASES has saved and may save thousands of lives from tnat UIC
ease— CONSUMPTION. ' _ , „ nnli:inr and revi-
Dr. Aborn's modem system of medicated inhalations, local appii*" c \taRRH.
talizing, constitutional treatment cure where all otheM iaii. RELIEVED;
THROAT. BRONCHIAL AND LUNG AFFECTIONS J INSTANTLY «*£s? days
and his patients almost Invariably gain in weight 10 to SO pounds in dv w.-w
EVIDENCE OF THE CURABILITY OF CONSUMPTION.
SPENCER CURRELL'S AFFIDAVIT.
A Gain of Twenty-three pounds in Twenty-three days.
. To the Public: I hereby make this public announcement that the affile ma
know that I have had my life saved by Dr. Aborn.. . breath could
Being ln a dying state with consumption, constant cough, snort m*. » appe -
not breathe but a little in the upper part of my lungs, night .sweat- .* •- Th is is
tite and emaciated to a mere -skeleton; lost twenty-flye or. thirty pounab. R(; ago-
-merely^m outline of my condition when I applied to Dr. Aborn four *^* ,s
To my^reat astonishment. I began to improve from the first dose ot mew enn _
and have continued to Improve with such astonishing rapidit. that i m ow _ in-
sider myself cured. My cough is entirely gone. 1 can take in i a .ful l k.aeeP m v
splratlon; appetite and strength restored. I can now do a P oo l . - ' worK on af-
farm. I have gained twenty-three pounds in the last three weeks. This 'f 0 _ thia
most incredible; nevertheless it is a fact, as the scales tell the tale, ami to iv
statement I make an affidavit. _.____._,*_. -0-, _■»._* t-i ran assure the
My father-in-law, J. B. Batten, who resides at Santa Barbara can assure
afflicted in the southern part of the State what Dr. Aborn has^ done for me.
lam a well-known farmer. I have resided on my farm miles ™™ &
wards, Alameda County, Mr the past eight years. All the citizens of _riajw.ii
know of my «&Si^ffis&^^3£\&_ K?&.m- Hazard*, Cal.
fNota^af Sea SW ° m y be£ ° re ??^F^^^S^'^t£ySblte.
/ "While There Is Life There Is Hope.''
Dr. Aborn Is prepared to give the afflicted the most APPROVED M£g=?JJ;
sriFKTlPir TRF WMENT for the various diseases embraced in his -.penalties.
SL T^ A AFFECTYoNS D oFt E ht S DI S GE N STIVE §RGANS. H N^¥o^ SYSTEM and
CHRONIC mll^^
cess all such cases as may come under his care r -»-E SHOLLU.Uhbf_u«,.no
ma DR EVIDENCES of his
ordinary methods have ? a '^ rA T^f n p^^V and Influential citizens, who have
ordinary methods have failed. The known ana mm citizens , who have
most flattering testimonials are * well knovm „ ana innueiiu^ to. Dr. Aborn.
given their cards to public not onl. because or^neirp by assuring them that
but with the sincere desire to benefit he Ir low sunere re also whnin their reach
SfS S_&Sff%S_ffif o" !h! P^e n r s"periority*of Dr. Aborn's great m : dero
method of treatment.
DR. ABORN'S OFFICE AND RESIDENCE,
554 SUTTER ST., between Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal.
Sutter-street cars from Market-street ferry pass the door. Electric
cars at San Jose depot, corner Third and Townsend streets, transfer to
Powell, corner of Ellis; get off corner Sutter and Powell streets.
OFFICE HOURS, 9:30 to 12, and 2 to 4. ;
lean troops from the archipelago. Such
agitation might encourage the Filipinos
to continue their struggle for independ
ence, 'yf-f'fyf yffy
Major General Miles.' who is acting
Secretary" of War, declined to discuss
the "round robin" or General Otis' con
duct of the war. When I asked him
if he would go to Manila, he re
plied that he had not thought of the
matter' and that he was a soldier and
would obey any orders given him. The
general ie of the opinion, as was re
cently stated, that General Otis has
never had sufficient men, and if he
should be sent to Manila there is no
doubt that he would ask for strong re
inforcements. . ' :• f '■': f
NEW YORK. July 17.— Secretary Al
ger is the guest of Vice President Ho
bart at Norman Hurst in Norwood
Park. When asked regarding the united
protests of the correspondents in Ma
nila against the strict censorship en
forced by Otis, he said: "I came here
for rest. I will not be interviewed on
any subject." f—_ .-: -. -»- -^Jy
DEWEY SAYS THIS
COAST WAS SAFE
NEW YORK, July 17.— A Journal cable
from -Dondon says; In the .course of a
conversation with a reporter of the Co
lombo (Ceylon) Times, which has just
been received here. Admiral Dewey said
anent his homeward trip:
"My Government has been exceedingly
kind and obliging to me in informing me
that I may take whatever route home
ward I wish and take as long as I like
about it. The people of San Franclscj,
who were anxious that I should come
home that way, were good enough to
think that what I did at Manila savad
their coast from being raided by a foreign
fleet. But I do not agree with them in
that. The Spanish squadron could not
have gone so far from Manila. Gladly
would I have returned by that route had
it been possible. As it is, I will not ar
rive at New York until October."
. The admiral declared himself unwilling
to discuss the situation in the Philippines.
He asked the British view of German ac
quisition of the Caroline Islands. Upon
being told that Spain was receiving more
than a million pounds sterling and a coal
ing station in the islands as payment he
expressed great surprise and exclaimed:
"Poor Spain has now nothing left in East
ern waters."
• «
OTIS' LATEST REPORT
OF SOLDIERS' DEATHS
WASHINGTON, July 17.— War
Department has received the following
from General Otis:
MANILA, July Adjutant General,
Washington: The following deaths have
occurred since my last report: Dysentery
—July 6, James J. Hlggins, corporal Thir
teenth Regiment, Company H; George W.
Warrington. Company I, First Colorado;
Ernest E. Weidoff, Third Begirrient. July
13, Ludwig P. Mohlin, Company B,
Twelfth Regiment. July 14. Harry J.
Reisig, Company M, First Colorado.
Drowned, accidental— 24, Michael
Sullivan, Company M, Ninth Infantry.
July 4, George J. Wilson,' Company E,
Sixteenth Infantry.
From typhoid fever— 7, August
Nolte, Company A, Fourth Infantry; John
Quinlan, sergeant, band. Eighteenth In
fantry- July 13, William Hodge, Company
C, Fourteenth Infantry.
From wounds in action— 28, Frank
A. Duval, Company F. First Colorado.
Death occurred on the Relief at Nagasaki.
MAIL WITHHELD FROM
THE BRAVE VOLUNTEERS
CHICAGO. July 17.— Bert Gamble, who
is a member of the First Colorado Volun
teer Infantry, now in Manila, in a letter
dated June 12 to his father, who resides
in Chicago, says: .yyyy-fy.f.
"TheTe Is something radically wrong
here. We have not had any mail from
the United States "for flve weeks, and the
boys are getting blue. When we ask the
officers where our letters are we very sel
dom get any satisfaction, and generally
get the reply, 'I don't know.' The health
of the boys is pretty good. There are
lots of things I would like to tell you
about, but I dare not. There has been no
mail sent from here since May 15."
TO CARRY CAVALRY
HORSES TO MANILA
"WASHINGTON, July 17.— "War De
partment has chartered the steamer Siam
to carry 300 cavalry horses to Manila.
Somnambulist Killed by a Fall.
SUISUN, July 17.— Michael J Barry was
brought to the County Hospital yesterday
morning from Dixon, suffering with ery
sipelas. This morning at 4 o'clock he arose
from his bed, climbed through the window
to a porch, * walked around the hospital
building to the east, side and. stepped off,
falling a distance , of twelve feet. . Th©
base of his skull was fractured and his
neck . broken. Death was almost Instan
taneous. Barry was a native of Ireland,
fifty-one years of. age .and .had .been, a
resident of Benicia for many. years.
Hotel Empire
•ff ': /
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard) :.,. .
And 63d STREET, NEW- YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE. fy-
Accessible modern
fireproof.
An extensive library of choice literature -la*
Just been added.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
Centers. . '■'ffi-
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire Illustrated. *
. and other particulars. 'Iff':
W. JOHNSON QUIHH. Pro rietor.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
«\ v ; OCARAimSE FOUR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive trri en jcuar-
an tee or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT. ' •
PT&niiC nDIMy CBUS, ' sM, "* r s_. Poverty
dlnUnO Uninßand Death. Upon receipt
3f $10.00 rye wili mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
; 'ive written grnarant.e« to cure or refund
ourmoner. Sine ' .-""M. ■
GEORGE DAHT.BE * CO, Soto Arts-,
tl4 Kearny »t.. Baa Fntaotooo. •
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 2
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
i g} 1251UASSET ST. tei. E±Jt7t&, Z.T.ZH. A
_ ' I^* The Largest Anatomical Museum in the _
A £CX^>__ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
L jSS «H d M*»* pe-mltlvrly cured by the oldest T
W iSal Specialist ca the Coast. EsL 36 year.. Q
0 J^gi DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES *
X s 05r^&8 Consultation frre and strictly private \
A I jJSte^B T« unie:it personally or by letter. A A
\1 7 nf ' ''"' 9 Cur. in every case undertaken. .¥
Urll .fiT 1 ' '• for Book, PHILOSOPHY «f A
'■ ¥J ll ll™ HARHIAGE, MAILED FKE&. (.\¥
1 it II valuable book for turn; \*. .. v
¥ JOB. JORDAN *«'<>.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. ¥
■&£& Dr. 1. L. Walsh
/S^^*L»>»_*__i'k . 815% GEARY PT., bet.
|k*<M*?lb^M.l Hyde and Larkin.
J- T 1- Y VtIJ Crowns" fffffffffzz.w
N__4ji_J^J»_— >>-^ Flesh-colored Plates..
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN Urst prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students 11
years' experience.
gg^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
__a_an_a_a Five hundred reward for any
W " """MB case we cannot cure. ■ This secret
3 ir ' anfl remedy, stops all losses in 24
mm MJkH hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
Il__Tl tiWl ncy - Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
_■_■ S»_vl V, leet - Fits - Strictures, Lost
iWSL-JWlfl Manhood and all ' wasting effects
"-, T '^."_ .°. . self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, t5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at IOTS'i "Market St.. S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Ir^^DEWEY,SrRONG&CO.>ie^l r^^DEWEY,SrRONG&CO.>ie^
ft *PATENTSI --3.
>SI^33Q MARKET ST!s!F^S2y
•-- •-.. ~ : f- - •"
DR. CROSSIVIAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure ot Gonorrhoea, Gleets. Strictures .
and analogous complaints ot the Organs of
Generation. - , •
.Price tl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
!.- ' "7 "• " --.-■-
WriM's li-iaaYeptaMe: Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
who have used them for forty years to : curs
SICK HEADACHE. , GIDDINESS, . CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. PU__-
__*__• and Durlf-Miu s.l7J._i ~ „RAILWAY TO BLAME FOR THE
NEWMAN WRECK
THUS DECLARES A CORONER'S JURY
NEWMAN. July 17.— The Coroner
of Stanislaus County to-day con- !
eluded the inquiry relating to the j
Newman disaster. The Investi- j
gation clearly demonstrated that ,
the Southern Pacific's system of _ sig- |
naling by semaphore and whistle ,
should be instantly revised. To one en- ,
gineer a white light, changed from red \
to white, means a clear track, and to
another it means something else, lt is
a source of gratification that the jury
finds some living persons connected
with the Southern Pacific responsible
for the disaster. A train dispatcher
whose orders were vague and an en
gineer whose experience was limited
are held accountable for the crash.
J. M. Walthal. District Attorney of
Stanislaus County, came over by team
from Modesto this morning, accompanied
by Assistant L. L. Dennett. Deputy Coro
ner W. S. Bowker and N. E. Leek, official
stenographer, to conduct the inquiry. The
Jury impaneled immediately after the
disaster was convened at Fisher s Hall
at 10 o'clock. The District Attorney di
rected that all witnesses, except the wit
ness on the stand, be excluded from the
room. The jurors were enjoined to give
their undivided attention to the testimony
regarding the death of the women in the
•wreck and were Informed that it was
their duty and privilege to ask questions. ;
E. D. Luckev, principal of a St. Louis j
school, who had charge of the special ex
cursion party, was the first witness * ailed
He described the crash, the hissing of
steam and the scenes of the wreck, tellinj,
how the car was filled with timbers and
iron wrapped around the bed clothing, tie
designated the sections of the car and
their respective occupants. He testified
that Mrs. Thomas was dead when he went
to her assistance. Miss Harris also was
dead when taken from the wreck. In re
ply to questions asked by Juror A. M.
Williams the witness said there was no
baggage car between the engine and first ;
sleeper from Ogden on. He asked the
vardmaster at Ogden to put the foremost :
car in the center of the tram but tag
request was not granted. It was disclosed
In the testimony that Fireman I reigh
took Miss White from the wreck.
Dr ii V Armistead, Southern Pacific
physician at this place, testified to having
cared for those injured in the wreck. He
made an autopsy ln the case of the two ;
women killed. Mrs. Thomas neck was
broken and Miss Harris was killed by con
cussion. ; . «.»__..
J H. Madden, night watchman and dep
uty constable at Newman, heard the ap
proaching special and noted the two
whistles signifying that everything was
right Presently he heard the crash and
■went to the wreck to help. He assisted in
extricating the passengers. He testified j
that Mrs. Thomas' neck was doubled
around a marble washstand. Miss Harris !
was covered by timbers and clothing. he
night watchman testified positively that
he heard the long whistle of the special,
the four blasts for the crossing and the
two whistles signifying answer to a clear
track signal. In reply to Juror Sturgeon,
Mr Madden said there was no caboose
on the freight train. There were no
lights on the rear of the freight train.
c E. Hartwell, telegraph operator for
the Southern Pacific Company at New
man, was called. He testified that he had
worked as a dispatcher and operator for
thirty-four years. The witness produced
a memorandum of all trains that passed
Newman after midnight of the morning
of the wreck. He explained the red light
as the standing light. Unless a white light
is shown the signal Is "orders. the
white light signifies "no orders."
"No orders were given me regarding
this extra train." he said. "I only knew
from messages over the wires that the ex
tra was coming. Train 246, the freight,
arrived at 2:32. A white light was dis- j
played for 247_. The freight stopped. It
s-tood on the main track. An extra has
no me and is never due. The extra that
was In the accident got orders west of
here. I did not know the time that the
train would reach here. I could only
guess from the time that it left Tracy.
The freight, being a regular train, had
the right of the main track, and the ex
tra should have approached slowly."
Mr. Hartwell requested the District At
torney to read to the jury rule 80, which
requires all extra trains to slowly ap
proach all watering and coaling stations.
The rule was read as requested. The wit
ness testified further that emphatically it
was the duty of the extra, to slow down.
"I heard the whistle of the extra be
tween 2:37 and 2:3»." he continued. "When
the extra came to Newman a white light
was displayed. The signal showed white
to indicate that there was a trail* at the
station. The white signal was showing
when the whistle of the extra was heard.
1 changed to the red disk for an Instant,
and then showed the white.
District Attorney— were the conductor
and" brakeman of the freight train?
Mr. Hartwell The conductor was entering
the telegraph office with his register. I do
not know where the others were. I heard the
crash Just as the conductor was entering my
office. He exclaimed: "They have struck me."
I did not go to the scene of the wreck. My
duties required my presence in the office. I
received no orders for any of the trains. I have
no means of knowing whether the extra had
orders to pass 245 at this point. The extra must
have known that the freight was here. The
semaphore showed that a train was at the sta
tion, for white must stand while the train is at I
the station. On the arrival of the freight I !
signaled, White. The signal does not undertake !
to show the condition of the track.
Question— lf you had shown the signal red
would not the extra have stopped?
Answer — The train would have stopped and j
the conductor come to the office. It would i
not have stopped sooner than lt did. The white j
s'gnal simply told the extra that there were '
no orders. When the Owl passes the signal |
changes from red to white and back to red
when the train passes. The light at the switch
pronounced the rails standing for the main
line I had no orders for either train and my I
FATALLY SHOT
BY TWO MASKED
DESPERADOES
♦
Bloody Hold-Up on
San Bruno Road.
- — -• —
JAMES RAVINO THE VICTIM
TRIED TO REPEL THE ATTACK
OF THE ROBBERS.
The Brave Man Wounded in the Arm,
Thigh and Chest While At
tempting to Disarm
the Pair.
•V-v* •.*>--:. i - ...■ .-■• .--"-'■'■•- - . : "--■' :
4
Wearing long linen dusters and white
masks which covered their faces two des
perate robbers shortly before midnight
last night entered a grocery store kept
hy David Lavari on San Bruno road, near
Fifteenth avenue. They were armed with
revolvers, and as they entered they fired
several shots In the celling, presumably
to Intimidate the proprietor, who was
standing behind the counter. There were
als*} present Lavarl's wife, their six-year
old girl, James Ravlno and two other
men. \ f
, After firing the shots, one of the men,
pointing his revolver at Lavari, ordered
him to give up .his money. \ Ravlno quick
ly grabbed the man and attempted to dis
arm him. The companion; of the robber
then- turned his revolver on- Ravlno,
shooting him in the chest, trm and thigh.
As he staggered, back, jnorUUly, founded, ,
THE VERDICT.
NEWMAN, July 17.—
The jury at 8 o'clock
brought in its verdict.
After reciting in the usual
form the age, nativity and
residence of the two vic
tims and the cause of death
in the collision between
trains 245 and 1721 of the
Southern Pacific Railroad,
the findings conclude:
"And we further find
that said collision was
caused by the vague and
indefinite orders issued by
the train dispatcher and by
the further fact that the en
gineer in charge of train
1 72 1 was inexperienced
and incompetent for that
reason."
A. M. WILLIAMS,
Foreman.
C. TREFTS.
INIS STURGEON.
JACOB BLUM.
J; X. STUHR.
GEO. H. CROW. .
S. J. DODD.
P. L. CRANE.
C. L. LOXGMIRE.
• BEX LEVY.
G. SCHORRICK.
signals specified that fact My signals were
correct. The regular train had the right to the
main track. The services of this office were not
called Into requisition except to display the
signals, which were correctly displayed.
In reply to questions by Jurors Crow.
Williams and Sturgeon the witness" said
only two or three seconds were required
to change the signals. The four blasts
of the whistle call upon the operator to
signify If he has any orders.
F. A. Poland, train dispatcher at Oak
land pier, was called and testified that he
had been in the service of the Southern
Pacific eighteen years and had been dis
patcher at Oakland pier fourteen years.
He goes on duty at 11:30 p. m. and re
mains at the post until 8 a. m. The wit
ness produced a memorandum as follows
of orders given to four trains, which or
ders were repeated from Tracy to the
pier:
MONDAY, July 10, '99.
Ow. July 10. '99.
241. 245. Ex. 1725. Ex. 1721, Ac.
O. K.
F. A. P.
12:05 a. m. ,
Eng. 1725 and Eng. 1721 will run extra Tracy
to Mendota. Will pass No. 241 Eng. 1717 and
No. 245 Eng. 1403 when overtaken.
Signed by conductors and engineer as a re
ceipt of order.
Resuming his testimony, the train dis
patcher said:
The 'conductor of the extra knew that he' was
within four minutes of the time of 245. He
must have known this when he was approach
ing Newman, as he had the time card. . I told
Hartwell over the wire to hurry 245 out of
Newman to Volta. The board would then have
held the extra ten minutes. The order gave
245 the privilege of waiting to allow the extra
to pass at Newman. The engineer of the extra
should have had his train under control. The
white signal simply said "no orders" and indi
cated that he could go through If the other
train had gone on. Th* rule as a matter of
safety might be construed to keep the signal
red while there is a train at the station. The
conductor of the special should have had his
train under full control without regard to
signals. The conductor of 245, the freight.
should have had a man out with a hand
signal. There Is no yard limit signal on this
line. There Is no fixed point for stopping when
the signal Is red. The conductor closing up,
as in this case, should have consulted the engi
neer. He should have known that he was
approaching dangerous ground. Hartwell told
me over the wire that 245 was here. That was
before the train was struck— two minutes be
fore. I told him to hurry 24.7 out to Volta. I
knew that 245 could get to Volta on her rights.
Then Hartwell said: "They have struck."
Hartwell was not able to see the conductor of
the freight to hurry' him.
Responding to general questions by the
attorney as to the number of hours that
the trainmen had been on duty the wit
ness said that no man was ever sent out
who said he needed rest. Train Dispatch
er Poland said there was no rule requir
ing a baggage car to be placed between
the engine and the first passenger coach.
It was customary to so make up trains,
but It was not a regulation.
J D. Moffitt. conductor of freight 245.
was the next witness. He has been work
ing for the Southern Pacific fourteen
years. He arrived here on time—
a. m.. July 10. He testified:
I had no orders to remain here. A white slg
the murderous robber struck him over the |
head with the butt end of his revolver. |
Inflicting an ugly scalp wound.
Without waiting to empty the till or to
secure whatever valuables were in the
store, the desperate pair, after firing sev- :
eral more shots over the heads of the J
terror-stricken victims, dashed from the
place and ran down the road.
Lavari lost no time in telephoning to
the Seventeenth-street police station and
informing Captain Gillin of the bloody _
hold-up. Gillin. accompanied by Detec
tives Fitzgerald and Graham, immediately
repaired to the scene and proceeded to
make an investigation.
Shortly after they had left the station
the proprietor of the store telephoned that
the robbers had boarded an electric car
bound for this city. The sergeant at the
Seventeenth-street station immediately
dispatched two officers to watch the in
coming cars. Just as they reached* Twen
ty-sixth street they saw a man seated on
the dummy of a passing car with his
clothes covered with dust. Suspecting |
that he was one of the robbers, the police- j .
men hailed the car and. drawing their re
volvers, ordered the suspect.to surrender.
He feebly replied that he was shot and
was on his way to seek medical assist
ance. The man was Ravino. He was
bleeding profusely from the wounds In
flicted by the robbers and begged the
officers to assist him to the City and
County Hospital. lie was taken to the
Seventeenth-street station, where he was
placed in the ' patrol wagon and rapidly
driven to the hospital. "
The doctors found that the wound In his
chest Is extremely dangerous. They
think that the bullet ranged upward end
lodged in a vital part. .**•
The wounded man, in giving his version
of the hold-up, said that he was convers
ing with Lavari and his wife when the
two masked robbers entered the Etore.
"They immediately started to shoot," he
said, "and thinking that they intended to
kill us I seized the nearest desperado and
attempted to take his revolver from' him.
He shouted to hls .companion to help him,
and as I had him up against the wall his
accomplice fired three shots at me. The
third bullet struck me in the chest, and
as I was about to fall to the floor he
struck me over the head with his pistol,
rendering me unconscious. When I re
gained my senses a short time afterward
they had disappeared, and I concluded to
seek medical attention. My clothes were
covered with dust, and I presume that
the vigilant policemen, thinking I wa__ one
of the robbers, started to arrest me. After
I explained to them that I was mortally
wounded by resisting the attack ' of the
desperate men they had me conveyed to
the City and County Hospital."
JUvitt© u^t that jtha j»sp, jurat* linen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 18, 1899.
nal was given to me when I came ln. I stopped
to take water. I knew there was a special
following. When I stopped I sent my rear
brakeman back with a red light to flag the
extra. I Judge the special was running at a
high rate of speed. I had the tail lights out
on the rear of the train. I heard first the
crossing whistle; th^n I heard one long
whistle, and then I heard two short whistles,
which I supposed was an answer to my flag.
In reply to District Attorney Walthall.
the witness could not tel.l from his or
ders when tne special would overtake
him. He expected the special to stop and
take the sidetrack at Newman.
Question— duty is It to open the
switch?
Answer— lt Is not anybody's duty. It may
fall on either train. 1 told my brakeman be
fore we got here to permit the extra to pass
on the sidetrack. It was unsafe to throw the
switch for a train coming Jat the speed the
special was moving. It was running faster than
thirty miles an hour. The flagman got back as
far as he could— l think about as far as the
switch. The signal lights should have been
seen a mile.
G. F. Swart, a brakeman on the freight
train, was called. He said:
I started right back to flag the special as
soon as I got in. I signaled right across the
track and kept going toward it and swinging
the light. They answered with two blasts of
the whistle. They were going thirty-flve miles
an hour when the engine passed me. • The
switch was about 400 feet from the rear of my
train. I hopped off the track Just at the switch
and the special went by. I had no time to
throw the switch.
A. P. Allen, engineer of the special, tes
tified that he had been working for the
Southern Pacific since ISSS.- Said he:
I- have been working in the shops and run
ning extras. We left Sacramento at 11:07 p. m.
and arrived here at 2:3S a. m. I had orders to |
pass '-'47 when overtaken: had no orders to pass ■
at any point. I understand that the freight |
could stop here or go on. At the whistling post j
a half mile out I saw the first signal. I was ;
running thirty-five miles an hour. I saw the j
semaphore white. I expected lt red. as I
thought there would be orders. I whistled and
he gave me red and changed to white. After
I got the board white I did not expect to stop.
The order allows me to close up within the
ten minutes, or I never could pass them. After
I eot the semaphore white I started to go
through.
| Then I got a violent signal to stop— a lantern
signal across the track. I was then only eight
j car lengths from the freight. I applied the
air, opened the sandbox and started to reverse
the' engine. The semaphore light I saw dis
tinctly, but the lights on the rear of the freight
! were so dim that I could not see them. The
I semaphore indicated to me that there was no
: train on the track. The night was clear.
After getting signals that there were no or
ders I did not expect to stop. If I had not re
: ceived the clear board I would have kept slow-
I ing down. -fy
To Coroner— To the best of my knowledge, I
i was going twenty miles an hour when I met j
tiie flagman. I was awake to the fact that
the train was four minutes ahead of me. When
I saw the red light on the semaphore I was
about to stop. Then the white was shown,
which told me that the track was clear.
To Juror Crow— l would have stopped If the
red signal had been shown. The signals de
ceived me. The change from red to white
shows a clear board.
i J. S. Fassett, conductor of the special,
testified that he Had been In the Southern
Pacific service since 1888. He was on the
■■ train when the collision occurred. He
said :
The orders to pass a train give me a right to
close up on the train ahead. It ls useless to
close ln at any other point than a station." The
engineer had- the same orders that I had. We
figured on catching the freight at Newman,
I and that it would be held. The semaphore
: signal is not a protection signal. It is to keep
i trains ten minutes apart. I intended to stop
here to ask for orders.
Brakeman Swart was called and testi
; fied that he swung a red lantern to warn
the special. The freight, when it came
In stopped at the water tank and did not
: move until struck by the special. A bag
gage car instead of a caboose was at the
rear of the freight. Just as the freight
stopped he got off and ran back as far as j
he could. Four minutes after the freight
arrived the special struck.
The District Attorney questioned the \
witness as to what he was doing during
the four minutes, as it took only two j
minutes to run back.
S. W. Crelgh, fireman of the special,
testified that he was on the engine when
the collision occurred.
"We slowed down considerably coming
I Into Newman," said he. "The engineer
said nothing to me. I did not attempt to
get off. We were going fifteen or twenty
miles an hour. I was not hurt."
Responding to pointed questions by the
■ District Attorney, the fireman admitted
that he had been interviewed by Superin
tendent Agler and Assistant Superintend
ent Thompson since the disaster. He was
still in the service of the company and
i nothing was said by them regarding his
i future services.
"I have no knowledge that the company
has fixed the blame on any one," he de
clared.
It was disclosed in the preceding testi
mony that Engineer Allen jumped before
the crash came.
Robert Aiken, engineer of the freight,
testified:
We looked back and saw the special coming.
We were taking water. I had a heavy train
of thirty cars and could not get out of the
way.
Conductor Moffitt of the freight train
was recalled and testified that he walked
at a fair gait from his train to the tele
graph office.
F. J. Cavanaugh, brakeman on the
. freight, was on the tank taking water.
lie saw the semaphore at red and saw it
changed to white.
C. B. Nash, brakeman on the rear end of
the special, testified that he heard two
whistles in answer to a signal.
M. B. Mangon, brakeman on the special,
testified that he saw a brakeman with a
white light near the wreck.
Deputy Coroner Bowker advised the
! jurors to consider all the facts, and If
they found that the disaster was due to
negligence or carelessness upon the part
of the Southern Pacific or Its employes lt
j was their duty to so report In the ver
dict. The room was then cleared and the
j jury began its deliberations.
masks, which completely covered their
features.
Early this morning Captain Gillin had
all his available men searching In the
vicinity of the hold-up for a trace of the
robbers. It Is believed, however, that Im
mediately after, the shooting they boarded
a car and came to this city. The ser
vices of several detectives at the Central
Station were also enlisted, with Instruc
tions to .do all in their power to appre
hend the murderous pair.
■ Lavari describes the man who shot Ra
vino as being about 5 feet 10 Inches in
height' and weighing about 180 pounds.
His companion was a trifle shorter and
did not appear to be quite as heavy. In
case they are arrested he says he will not
be able to Identify them.
There ls a suspicion among the police
that the men had carefully planned the
hold-up and expected to make a big haul.
Their object In firing into the celling when
they entered was to intimidate the pro
prietor;'they think. into glvng up his
money and valuables without any resist
ance. '
TROOPS FOR MANILA.
Two Battalions Leave Camp Meade
for San Francisco.
NEW YORK. July 17.— A Sun special
from Washington says: The War De
partment to-day approved the proposition
of General fanafter to send only a part of
the Nineteenth Infantry on the new trans
port Tartar to Manila. The Tartar will
carry two battalions of tne Nineteenth,
and the Ohio and Newport will each carry
two companies, together with a large
number of recruits. Two battalions to
sail from San Francisco in the Tartar left
Camp Meade to-day for San Francisco.
The third battalion will get away from
Camp Meade on Wednesday or Thursday.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. *
ARRIVED.
.. Monday, July 17.
Stmr Areata, Reed, 45 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, 51 hours from
Coos Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
SEATTLE— Arrived July 17— Stmr Roanoke,
from St. Michael. ' Sailed July Stmr Pro
greso, for ' San Francisco; stmr Gedney, for .
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived July 17— Stmr Bel
genland, from Liverpool via Queenstown.
NEW TORK— July 17— Stmr Amster
dam, from Rotterdam and Boulogne.
BOWHEAD- Passed July Stmr Pavonla,
from Boston for Liverpool. ,7 /
QUEENSTOWN— July 17— 6tmr P»
jpnla. Iran?,1 ran?, Bratpa^gEjUvwpwl! . . ___-__-_ -*
FIVE MEN
KILLED IN
HOT BATTLE
Deadly Outbreak of a Bitter
Feud in Clay County,
Kentucky.
brewing™ years
I — ♦ — ■-. -« • ■'■
Trouble Between the Philpots and
Griffins Leads Up to a Fierce
Encounter.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. July 17.— A
special to the Courier-Journal from
London. Ky., tells of a report reaching
there of the outbreak of another feud
in Clay County, by which five men lost
their lives to-day. The dead are said
to be
ROBERT PHILPOT.
ED FISHER.
AARON MORRIS.
JIM GRIFFIN.
HUGH GRIFFIN.
These fatalities resulted from a i
pitched battle fought near Little Goose
Creek, three miles from Manchester.
The feud dates back nearly two j
years. On Christmas, 1897, James H. j
Philpot was killed by Aaron Morris, j
but before he died he shot and killed j
William Bundy, a friend of Morris, j
The Morrises and Griffins are closely I
affiliated. Since then the two factions I
have been very bitter, and the enmity- J
has been aroused recently by the |
White-Baker hostilities, The Philpots, j
| who are the strongest faction in the ;
mountains and number about 750 ;
voters, openly espoused the cause of j
! ,the Bakers, while the Griffins took
sides with the Whites.
The story that reaches here from I
1 Manchester. is that Bob Philpot was ar- !
: rested this morning by Deputy Sheriff
! Wash Thacker. While very circum
stantial in other respects the report
| does not show clearly the origin of the
' trouble nor give the reason for Phil
j pot's arrest. It is said that while
Thacker was taking-"Philpot's bond the
latter was shot from behind by a mem
ber of a crowd that had gathered. This
precipitated a general fight with Win
chesters and revolvers, which was
participated in by George Gran-
I ville, Robert and Peter Philpot and
Ed Fisher on one side and Aaron
Morris and Hugh, Jim and Green :
Griffin on the other. The battle began i
at about 9 o'clock and raged fiercely for :
ten or fifteen minutes. When it was I
over it was found that the five men- j
tioned had been killed outright. Three
of the belligerents were _ seriously
wounded, while Pete Philpot was the i
only one on either side to escape injury. I
Granville Philpot is said to be one of
the most seriously wounded. He is a
Union- veteran, having lost a leg at
Stone River. He is an ex-member of
the Kentucky Legislature, and is said
to have killed three or four men. Ed
Fisher, who is reported dead, was an- i
other man with several nicks in his
gun. He was but 23 years old. but was j
said to have killed three men.
The story of this battle caused con- !
sternation here, notwithstanding the !
fact that serious trouble has been ex
-1 pected to break out among the moun
| taineers of Clay County ever since the i
assassination of Tom Baker several ;
| weeks ago.
An effort was at once begun to secure
deputies to go to the seat of the trou
ble and attempt to restore quiet, but
up to a late hour In the afternoon there
had not been enough responses to ;
make up a force that would com
mand respect. The situation at Man
! Chester is deplorable. -Since morning
I the place has been In it state of terror,
i scarcely any one dariry: to venture out
;of doors. Business T* suspended and
the residents are momentarily expect- i
ing a renewal of hostilities.
LASHED TO A TREE
TO AWAIT DEATH
~ . w ii iv/i r- -l
Round Valley Man Foils
Assassins.
4
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO. July 17.— Excitement is
running high throughout Round Valley
to-night and fears are entertained that
another war of factions is about to
break out. Authoritative reports have
reached here that Sheriff Bergen of
Trinity County is now on a still hunt
not twenty miles away from Covelo,
and that numerous arrests are to be
made in connection with the Littlefleld
lynching of several years ago.
These reports were substantiated to
day, when Augustus Zaccarini, a busi
ness man- of Round Valley, returned
from a hunting trip twenty miles north
of here, just over the Trinity line. Mr.
Zaccarini brings news of the compul
sory retraction of a statement made by
a witness in the lynching case.' Frank
Doolittle and Walter Clark, two half
breed Indians, were the chief witnesses
against Joseph Gregory when he was
convicted of complicity in the Little
fleld lynching. Gregory is now serv
ing a twenty-year sentence in San
Quentin. Zaccarini says a man named
M. J. Brophy and two others, whose
names are unknown, were spending a
few days hunting and fishing on Red
Mountain Creek, near the .Doolittle
homestead, ostensibly for an outing.
They made numerous visits to the
Doolittle household, making purchases
of milk and eggs, and. in this way es
tablished an acquaintance. ,
On Saturday last Brophy urged Frank
Doollttle to join them and act as guide
to their party .as far north as Mad
River, and offering to reimburse him
liberally for the trip. Doollttle accepted,
and they arrived at a desirable camping
ground on the north side or the moun
tain, near Mad River, at 6 o'clock.
While Doollttle was engaged with the
duties about camp the conspirators
withdrew a short distance from camp
and separated, each approaching the
camp from different points.
When Brophy was within a few feet
of Doollttle he presented a loaded pis
tol and demanded that Doolittle attach
his signature to a retraction of all his
testimony offered in the case wherein
Gregory-was convicted. Doolittle , ex
claimed ' that " he could ; not 7do \ such a
thing and be a man. Brophy cocked his
1 revolver and prepared to Are. Then
L_P_Xfl__tM__i pgnse^tea tojijftt^
AUTOMOBILE MAKES SOME
RAPID TIME.
RUNS FROM ALBANY TO AMSTERDAM.
ALBANY, July 17.— Fair skies
favored the transcontinental
automobile party to-day, and
the start westward this after
noon was made under the most encour
aging auspices. All through the morn
ing an interested crowd of business
men, manufacturers, bicyclists and oth
ers surrounded the carriage and kept
the machinist busy answering questions
about its mechanism.
A large number of electric carriages
are in course of construction here, and
their advocates were greatly interested
in the makeup and working of the auto
mobile. The opinion was freely ven
tured that American inventors would
soon outstrip all others in this line of
work, and the belief was apparently
strong that Mr. Davis would cross the
continent without either serious trouble
or inconvenience.
"An automobile that can get the bet
ter of the mud road between here and
Hudson can do anything," said an ex
perienced stage driver who dropped in
to watch preparations for the start.
"This carriage will just fly when it hits
a boulevard." t
The automobile did fly, as predicted,
although Mr. Davis made no effort to
get a speed record, as did the Hinton
party on its way here, and was satis
j fled to run along at a medium gait
| which would land him at Amsterdam
lin the early evening. The start was
made from the Hotel Teneyck at ex
actly 3 o'clock in the presence of a
cheering throng that was thoroughly
representative of the Capital City.
"Good luck!" they shouted, and Mrs.
! Davis waved her hand in reply as the
I automobile sped around the corner into
1 State street and began the serious
; business of climbing a heavy grade.
ing the document over quickly he noted
that it was as much a death warrant
as a confession of perjured testimony.
The retraction opened with a confes
sion that Doollttle had sworn the life
of Joe Gregory away and that remorse
was guiding him to self-destruction.
He takes leave of his family affection
ately, asks that they take his last word
in life and believe his confession, and
when they read it he would no longer
be living. Any search for his body
would be useless. .'.H 'yfy.
After the signing of the confession
the conspirators bound him hand and
foot and placed him among the camping
traps near a- clump of pines. Leaving
him thus, they withdrew some distance
and engaged in earnest conversation.
Doollttle, making up his mind that
death was coming soon, looked quickly
about for some means of escaping. He
felt close to his hands, which were
lashed behind his back, the camp
hatchet. He succeeded in working it in
such a way with his pinioned hands
that he severed one of the cords, free
ing one hand, and soon liberated him
self. Then began a wild race for life,
in which he outstripped the assassins.
Brophy is a relative of Gregory's
father and undoubtedly is an instru
ment in the hands of interested persons
who are seeking Gregory's pardon. Doo
llttle is en route to Weaverville, the
county seat of Trinity County, to con
sult with the authorities there.
MOB THREATENS
ROSSITER'S LIFE
Continued from First Page.
strike and its probable outcome, Chief
Devery said: "This strike should never
have occurred. The men will surely
lose. They are not organized . and I
think the whole matter will be adjusted
inside of twenty-four hours."
Police Commissioners Hess and York
were at the Municipal Building shortly
after noon and were soon joined by
Commissioner .Sexton, Chief Devery,
Deputy Chief McLaughlin and Presi
dent Rossiter. Commissioner Hess, in
addressing Mr. Rossiter, was very
plain spoken in his remarks and reit
erated his statement of yesterday as
to the advisability of considering the
strikers' claims.
The State Board of Mediation, to
which the grievances of the strikers
were presented last, week by the exec
utive committee of the Knights of La
bor, held a long conference with Presi
dent Vreeland to-day. After the con
ference the board Issued a statement in
which it said: "Mr. Vreeeland's posi
tion makes it clear to the board that it
will not be possible, in the present
status of affairs, to have recourse to ar
bitration, and the board does not, there
fore, deem it advisable to take further
action at this time." b ]
SECOND STRIKE ON
THE CLEVELAND LINES
Trouble Caused by Union Men Re- j
fusing to Work With Non
.. Union Employes.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 17.— The
inauguration of a second strike by the
employes of the big Consolidated Rail
way Company was a complete surprise
to the public this morning, and nearly j
so to the company. Ever since the men
returned to work three weeks ago un
der an agreement prepared by a com
mittee of the City Council and signed
by representatives of the strikers and j
of the company there had .been frequent
BEST RUN OF
THE JOURNEY
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
AMSTERDAM, N. V., July 17.—
We have made the best run of the
journey to-day, so far as the
working of the motor is concerned.
We started late from Albany, as
Mrs. Davis was thoroughly fa
tigued. We ran most of the time
at from twelve to fifteen miles an
hour, but at times when we struck
a fine piece of road I let out the
speed up to twenty-seven miles an
hour. People were out in every
farmhouse and hamlet.
While entering Amsterdam- it
looked as If a circus, had struck
town. The roads have been ex
cel'eirl at times, especially when
approaching Schenectady, where
we found the surface as smooth as
a floor for six miles. Between
Schenectady and Amsterdam the
road was fair, with an occasional
poor stretch, and then a good one.
The carriage ran as steadily as an Em
pire State express locomotive and went
by the capitol amid the applause of
many spectators. The granite pave
ment of Washington avenue was speed
ily passed and the viaduct crossed : that
leads to the smooth brick-paved thor
oughfare opening on the handsome
boulevard.
Over this fine macadam road the au
tomobile did its best work, and medium
speed was reached at 4:20 o'clock. Mr.
Davis took the precaution to have du
plicates of all the uncertain pieces of
mechanism made while here, and the
automobile, party will not suffer from
any more long delays if a nut should
jar off or a pin give out on the trip.
A bulletin received here this evening
announced the safe arrival of the au
tomobile at Amsterdam at 6:45 o'clock.
The party will remain there over night.
AMSTERDAM, N. V., July 17.—Au
tomobilist Davis reached Amsterdam at
6:45 o'clock this evening from Albany.
Leaving Albany at 2 o'clock over the
boulevard the touring cart was paced
by a large number of bicyclers, many of
whom tired after a few mfnutes and
dropped back, while others kept in the
van for several miles, and the machine
over the finely macadamized road at
tained a speed of twenty-seven miles
an hour. Some of the pacemakers led
Mr. Davis astray by taking him on to
Lathams Corners, and the error was
not discovered until two and a half
miles had been traversed. The auto
mobile was at once turned about and
soon regained the lost road, but this
little slip caused a delay of twenty-five
minutes.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis took luncheon at
a farmhouse, occupying forty min
utes. They were also delayed a like
period, forty minutes, by a heated pis
ton. Coming down Union street, Sche
nectady, which is asphalted, a speed of
the company was not living up to the
agreement. Several conferences were
held, the latest about a week ago, and it
was then announced that everything
was satisfactory or would be as soon
as the company had been given ample
time to adjust schedules and arrange
the runs. The presence on cars of the j
non-union men who were retained after
the settlement of the strike was still
a bone of contention, however, and a
crisis was reached yesterday, when, as
claimed, a number of union men were
discharged for refusing to go out on
cars with non-union men.
A meeting followed last night, and at
3 o'clock this morning the decision to
strike was reached. All the lines were
tied up from 5 o'clock until after 8,
when the operation of the Euclid ave
nue line with non-union men under po
lice protection was undertaken. Cars
were run at five-minute intervals on
that line until evening, but no attempt
was made to move cars on other lines.
Henry A. Everett, president of the
company, issued a statement this even
ing in which he said the terms of the
agreement with the strikers had been
strictly adhered to, but that it Was im
possible to inaugurate all the reforms
promptly because of the continued in
terference with the non-union crews,
and he holds the union men directly
responsible for this. He attributes the
present strike to a feeling of disap
pointment on the part of the unioc men
because the non-union men have not
been mobbed and beaten out of the
company's service. He says that he
will operate the cars if he is given
police "protection. Protection has been
promised by Mayor Farley, and it is
said that the militia will be called out
if the. police are unable to preserve
order.
There has been little disorder to-day,
and nothing of a serious nature.
STRIKE OF DECKHANDS
ON UP-RIVER STEAMERS
I Men Demand an Increase of Salary
and Shorter Hours of
" Labor. . y,
SACRAMENTO, July 17.— deck
hands on the up-river steamers Red
Bluff, Jacinto and Varuna, belonging
to . the Sacramento Transportation
Company, struck last night for higher
wages. They had been receiving $40 a
month and board and now" want $50 a
month. They claim that their hours of
labor are too long. As a result of the
strike those steamers are laid up. The
company's agent here says he will be
able to "secure other men to take the
places of the strikers. The strikers
thus far have been quiet and orderly
and this morning were paid off. The
steamer Dover is expected to arrive
from up the river to-day and It is be
lieved that the strikers will attempt to
Induce the deckhands of that vessel to
join them in their demand for increased
wages.
There is also trouble on the Southern
Pacific sjteamer Apache, which is
moored to a wharf below, this city on
account of the low water. The deck
hands would have quit last night, but
were induced to remain over until this
morning. Some of them have already
left and the outcome is a matter of con
jecture. The men have not made a de
mand for any definite increase in
.wages, j their principal cause ,of com
plaint being that they are overworked.
The Apache will be able to leave for
San Francisco with the men who re
mained at work. .
Besides the steamers tied up when the
'' strike was declared, two others of the
Lcfti^M^ t^2§_tSi_^_&<_veir. : /u*d the
*■'■-■..■ 7
twenty- two and a half miles an hour
was reached. When about two miles
out of Amsterdam the piston again be
came heated, necessitating a stop of
fifteen minutes. It. was given a touch
of oil, which was allowed to gum, and
then the journey T *>'as resumed. One
of the Albany pacemakers accompanied
the carriage twenty miles. The exact
running time from Albany here, thirty
three miles, was two and three-quarter
hours. .
The, automobile is running nicely now,
there having been no mishaps to-day.
The report from Albany that there was
an accident to the brake was untrue.
Mr. and Mrs. Davis will leave Am
sterdam at 5 o'clock Tuesday morning
and will go to Utica, some sixty miles,
before night. Both are feeling well.
Mr. Davis is a trifle stiff from his re
cent fall and constant operation of the
carriage.
CHARRON LEADING IN THE
TOUR OF FRANCE RACE
PARIS, July 17.— Charron Is leading
in the "tour de France" automobile
race. M. Controle yesterday was at the
little town of Amberielle-En-Bugey.
Le Matin's correspondent telegraphs:
"Charron having reached Lons de Saul
nier at 17 minutes past 11, it was cal
culated he would arrive at 5 minutes
to 1. He dashed into Amberiem at full
speed at 12:53:32. The two front springs
of his automobile were broken, but he
repaired them at once, and amid the
applause of all started again for Aix
les-Balns, 75 kilometers (about 46*4
miles) further away. M. DeKnyff, who
had broken a spring, was obliged to
stop on the road and repair it, and ar
rived at 1:15:21, followed 7 minutes and
4 seconds later by M. Jamin. The first
motocycle to arrive was that of M.
Gleize at 1:44."
San Joaquin No. 2, have arrived and
their hands joined the strikers.
It was rumored late in the afternoon
that an attempt would be made to take
the Jacinto up the river with a crew
from Stockton, but if such was the in
tention it was reconsidered.
A barge belonging to the company
and loaded with sacks of grain stuck
in the middle of the river this after
noon and an offer of. It is said, four
cents a sack to transfer them to an
other barge found no takers.
The difference between the men on
the steamer Apache and its owners has,
it is said, been adjusted and the crew
returned to work. Theirs was not a
demand for more wages, but for
shorter hours.
The striking deckhands are having a
glorious time. The water front is lined
with drunken men and individual and
free fights are of common occurrence.
As yet nobody has been seriously in
jured. ; .- ,
Whether the strikers will gain their
point or whether they will return to
work on the old schedule can only be
surmised. The Queen of Yukon, a
down-the-river boat, is here and is do
ing a big business.
Eastern Bigamist Caught.
SANTA BARBARA, July 17.— Dr. R. W.
Gwynn, wanted at Fall River, Mass., for
bigamy, was arrested on Sunday at Los
Ollvos by Sheriff Stewart and returned
here. To-day he was denied a motion for
habeas corpus in the Superior Court and
held in a $2000 bond to await the arrival of
the Massachusetts officers with requisi
tion papers. .:~.' .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What nobler, better ambition can a young
couple have than to live loving, helpful
lives, and then, in a green old age, look
back over a life that has been mutually
self-sacrificing, useful and successful ? The
one great stumbling-block that stands be-
tween most married couples and this ideal
married career is ill-health. If both hus-
band and wife would take proper care of
their health, there would he more hale,
hearty and happy old people in the world.
If, when a , man 'suffers from the little ills
of life, he will resort to Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery, the chances are that he
will avoid the big and fatal illnesses. 'This
great medicine gives a man a healtiry
hunger, facilitates the flow of digestive
juices, invigorates the liver, purifies and
enriches the blood and builds firm, muscu-
lar, healthy flesh tissue. -v.
.It is an old saying that women are hard
to kill. There is some truth in this, as far
as the majority of illnesses are concerned.
There is one class of disorders, however,
that quickly undermine any woman's gen-
eral health. No woman can retain her
strength who suffers from weakness and
disease, of the delicate and important or-
gans that make wifehood and motherhood
possible. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescrip-
tion is an unfailing cure for all disorders
of this description. It acts directly on the
sensitive organs concerned, in a natural,
"soothing way. It makes them strong,
healthy and vigorous. It prepares them
to bear the burdens of maternity. .It is
the greatest of nerve tonics. The woman
who uses it will bear healthy, happy child-
ren, and live to a ripe old age. .
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets _ regulate
»nd invigorate the stomach, liver and
bowels. By all medicine dealers.
34
HOLLOWAY WAS
SLAIN BY ONE OF
HIS COMRADES
American Marine Officers Ac=
cused of Cowardice at
Samoa.
VALLEJO, July 17.— According to a j
statement made by a member of the
marine guard that was stationed at
the United States Consulate at Apia
during the recent period of hostilities in
Samoa Private Holloway, one of the ma
rines, was not killed, as has been stated,
by a hostile Samoan during an attack
upon the consulate, but was. Instead, the
victim of an American bullet sent from
a gun In the hands of one of his own
comrades. Holloway's life, it is asserted,
probably never would have been sacrificed
had lt not been for the actions of the
commander of the guard— Lieutenant C.
Morrast Perkins— who, without justifica
tion, constantly informed the men that
they were in imminent danger of annihila
tion. He caused them repeatedly to fire
in the dead of night at an Imaginary foe,
and had them worked up to such a ten
sion that their guns were continually
popping, and at nothing, as the hostile
Samoans kept at a safe distance and re
frained from making an attack during the
whole of the time the guard was on duty
at the consulate.
" "The general public has very little Idea
of the events that really took place." said
The Call correspondent's informant to
day, "while the marine guard was ashore
during the greater part of March and
the whole of last April. On several oc
casions recently articles have appeared in
the San Francisco papers praising the
marines for their bravery In defending
the American consulate. It was stated
that they were attacked night after night
by hundreds of leaf-crowned warriors,
who, in every instance, were driven back
by their steady and well-aimed fire. Listen
to the facts: The consulate building is
about seventy-two feet square, raised
some four feet from the ground, and is
made of wood, with an Iron roof. Three
sides of the building were lined with ma
rines, who were protected by breastworks
of bags of sand. In addition to the latter
native mats, and, in front of the com
mander of the marines, knapsacks were
heaped up to the veranda rail. Outside
the building were three guns placed to
sweep every approach. Beyond these and
Inclosing the house and grounds was a
five-foot barbwire fence of five rows. Out
side this again, on the east, south and
west sides of the fence, were row upon
row of barbwire stretched ankle high
above the ground. From this it will be
seen that every precaution was taken to
make an attack difficult of execution.
"During the occupation of the consulate
by the marines hundreds of rounds of
ammunition were fired. People will
naturally ask how the little garrison
fared. Well, only two shots hit the build
ing all the time the marines were there.
"One was a six-inch shell fired from tne
Philadelphia when the town, was first -
bombarded, and which caused the wound
that resulted in the death of Private
Mudge. and the other shot was a stray
one that came from the British consulate. :
There was not another mark on the build
ing where a bullet entered it from the
outside. There were, however, several
holes made by bullets sped from within
the building. From the veranda rail
through the floor and roof daylight
showed where, in the hurry of firing,
pieces that should have been pointed at
the Samoans had missed the mark.
"As only two shots struck the building
one would naturally Inquire, What about
the 'terrible white sharpshooter' who an
noyed the Americana so much, and who
killed Private Holloway? The sharp
shooter was a myth and consequently
.never shot poor Holloway. The. question
then arises. How was this marine killed?
I will tell you how he met his death, and
there are many others aboard the Phila
delphia who are able to tell you the same i
story. , _ _ , i
"On a rainy night Holloway relieved Pri
vate Myers at 10 o'clock at post No. 1,
which was outside the building but inside
the wire fence. Firing had been going on |
from the building since 9 o'clock, and I
every one's nerves were in a high state of
tension. No one had slept for forty hours, i
Holloway was leaning against the front ,
steps, with his waterproof coat wrapped
around him. At 10:30 o'clock one of the
corporals obtained permission to go under
the house with a light to search for the
enemy, who, he declared, were hiding
there. After a very exhaustive search,
with a revolver at full cock in one hand I
and a lantern in the other, he returned j
to the veranda, reported that he could j
find no one and resumed his station.
"Suddenly, after a short time, he jumped
up, calling out. 'There they are!' and be
pan to fire out of the front veranda.
Several others near him heard Holloway
cry 'Oh, my God!* and fall. When picked
up it was found that his rubber coat had
been scorched. The bullet entered at the
top of the left shoulder and passed in a
slanting direction downward into the body
but not through it. Holloway was not
relieved from that post. He was the last
sentry to walk No. 1 after nightfall. Pri
vate Myers could tell the state of his
feelings while he was at the same post,
' with bullets from his own comrades whis
tling past him as he lay on the ground
trying to dig a hole for himself.
"The next morning at sun up a signal
was hoisted with the following words.
'Send boat for insane and dead. A boat
IDENTIFIED AS
CHEYE`S SLAYER
Several Witnesses Tes
tify Against Corcoran.
_
— — ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WALLACE, Idaho, July 17.— The prose
cutors in the Corcoran case have evident
ly finished their proofs of conspiracy. To
day they brought forward a new line of
testimony tending to bring the murder
of Cheyne directly home to the defendant.
They began with Frank Culbertson, the
manager of the Tiger-Poorman Company,
whose mill Is located at Burke. This wit
ness related how he had made arrange
ments to leave for the East on the morn
ing of April 29. Arising unusually early
that morning he found but few of his
men had gone to work. He went to the
Miners' Union hall, where he found a
meeting In progress. At his request the
defendant was called out from the meet
ing and informed the manager that the
boys were going to Wardner, but would
return in time to go to work on the night
shift. " -;y
Then came A. M. St. Clair, a teamster,
Vho testified that he saw Corcoran on top
of a boxcar as the train left Burke and
again as It returned. The witness said the
defendant was neither armed nor masked.
Another teamster claimed to have seen
Corcoran on the streets of Burke between
9 and 10 o'clock of the day of the riot car
rying a rifle.
Then came the star witness for the
State, for whose appearance every one
had been waiting since the trial began.
She was Mrs. Ida J. Sinclair of Wardner.
The recital Of her testimony was Intensely
dramatic and was listened to with breath
less interest throughout. Her home is Just
across the street from where the "bull
pen" now stands. She saw the train com
ing in on that dreadful day of murder and
arson. She saw Cheyne made a prisoner
by the mob, and went to where he. Huff
and Rogers were and tried to speak to
Huff. She was told to go away, and re
treated across a vacant lot. She told of
the slapping of Cbejrne*e face, of the or
der to run and the subsequent shooting.
After Cheyne had gone a short, distance
he disappeared from her view, and believ
ing he had been hit she ran down to the
spot where she had. last seen him. He
was attempting to rise as she reached his
came and took off Hollnway's body and
the corporal to the flagship.
"All the while the marines were at th<^
consulate neither by word nor by deed did"
the marine officer, Lieutenant Perkins,
endeavor to encourage the men, but his
whole conduct tended in every way to dis
hearten them. At night he would crawl
around the veranda and behave In any
thing but a soldierly manner. Many in
stances of his cowardice could be given,
but the following will suffice:
"On March 31 a scouting party of twenty
men under the marine officer and the
junior medical officer made a reconnois
sance to ascertain If the enemy were in
force. The little party proceeded with a
Colt's automatic gun about three miles
along the beach, where the automatic gun
was placed ready for action, and as a
rallying point, with four marines in charge.
The remainder of the party, led by the
young doctor, proceeded along the beach
and was fired upon. The enemy's fire
was returned and then the little force re
treated to the gun, the marine officer
being an easy first there. After all had
arrived a retreat was ordered to the con
sulate.
"On the following day the marine offi
cer, who all the time in moving about as
sumed a crouching position, deliberately
drove a private away from a cocoanut
tree behind which he was standing- and
firing because, as the commander said,
it did not afford sufficient cover for both,
and he was the one who, of course, must
have protection. The private made no
secret of this.
"Again, before the assembly had been
sounded the third time, and before the
British recall was given, the marine of
ficer was hurrying to the rear and making
for the beach as fast as his long legs
could carry him. Following close behind
him was another brave "marine. Sergeant
Forsterer, who arrived at the beach just
after him. This sergeant was recom
mended by the commander for gallantly <
keeping his position with his men until
surrounded, and only then retreating to
the beach. During the whole of the fight
Forsterer, although armed with a rifle and ,
revolver and 200 rounds of ammunition,
never fired a shot. This is true also of
the marine officer, as the revolver of the
latter was perfectly clean when he re
turned.
"The sergeant did, however, fire a shot
on the Ist of April, but some time after
the marines reached the consulate. He
saw a poor horse straying outside the wire
fence, walked up to It and shot the ani
mal with his revolver. This was the only
life he took while he was at the consulate,
although the mighty report of his rifle
kept the rest of the guard on tenterhooks
of expectation.
"The wounding of a member of the
guard by a "drunken private was the last
straw,- and the force was promptly with
drawn to the ship in disgrace. The cen
sure delivered to the commander by the
captain' of the Philadelphia on the quar
terdeck was most severe, and richly was
it deserved. If the captain had known all
the facts he would not have stopped at a
censure.
'"With all this behavior and the con
stantly recurring acts of fear on the part
of the marine officer, the guard every day,
morning and afternoon. In the blazing Sa
rriban sun. fell in for physical drill, bayo
net exercise and extended order move
ments, such as retiring by double time,
etc. The exercises were performed in
blouses and leggings, and every one had
to carry ISO rounds of ammunition. Aii
this was extremely exhausting. In view
of the nightly nervous excitement to
which the men were subjected the com
mander of the guard should have permit
ted the men to rest instead of putting
them through the unnecessary exercises.
"Do you wonder why the marines feel
so bitter against Lieutenant Perkins?
i They all roundly denounce him for his
I treatment and ridicule his self-glorifica
! tion in the articles on the battle of April
1 contributed by him to the Bulletin and
the Examiner. They do not mince words
in charging him with incompetency and j
cowardice. In this connection I have
heard that United States Consul Osborn !
remarked after declaring the commander
of the marines to be an unwelcome per- I
sonage around the consulate:
"'1 don't know what Captain White of
the Philadelphia meant by sending such
an incompetent man here, and I would
indeed be glad if he and his men were
back on the ship.'
"Seventy-five per cent of the original
marine guard of the Philadelphia have
deserted up to the present time. At every
port at which the flagship has touched
men have applied for transfer to other
vesels or marine barracks. Some of these
have been veterans. The desertions com- :
menced when the ship went to Honolulu
last August to raise the flag. More de
sertions occurred when the vessel came
back to San Francisco, and others took
place in Costa Rican waters. While the
Philadelphia was at Apia some of the men
were transferred to the Badger. There
were several applications for each place,
and the action of the men occasioned sur
prise among the ship's officers, as the
Philadelphia was about to return to San
Francisco and it was known that the
! Badger was to remain in Samoan waters
for an indefinite period. It was well
known, however, among the crew that the
marines had wearied of their command
er's treatment and were anxious to avoid
any more of it in the future. I can as
sure you that we have but little respect
for the marine officer, and his recent con
tributions to the press are the butt of
i dally ridicule."
Bide, hut could not stand alone. She j
begged the masked men to spare his life ,
and called for assistance to remove him
to a place where medical attention could i
be obtained. Cheyne also joined In the en- !
treaty for his lire, and said he had not j
been given a fair show. After much per
suasion two men separated from the main '
body and helped the witness carry the
wounded man to the back room of a sa
loon near by.
"Did you recognize any of those men?"
asked Acting Prosecuting Attorney For
ney. 7-'<...
"I did," replied the witness in a low )
tone.
"You may tell the jury who he was."
"Paul Corcoran," came the answer, and
a deep sigh went up from the audience.
Mrs. Sinclair further said that Corcoran
was masked and carried a rifle, but that
his mask was a flimsy, home-made affair
and concealed only a portion of his face,
so that she readily recognized him.
The defense attempted on cross-exami
nation to discredit the witness' testimony
by showing she had never seen Corcoran
but once prior to the 29th. This she ad
mitted, but refused to admit she might
be mistaken. Another point the defense
is laying great stress upon Is that Mrs.
Sinclair, tiff. Colburn and his wife are
all related. The prosecution will probably
finish to-morrow.
PRESIDENT TOLD OF
THE MISUSE Of TROOPS
WASHINGTON. July 17.— President Mc-
Kinley to-day waa called upon by Senator
Carter of Montana and Senator iieitfeld
of Idaho, accompanied by Edward Boyceof
Butte, Mont., president of the Western Fed
eration of Miners, and W. R. Ooldensmlth,
secretary of the local miners' union at
Wardner/ Idaho. The last named gentle
men are a committee representing the
miners lately engaged in the strike at
Wardner which resulted ln the calling out
of troops under General Merrlam at the
; request of the Governor of Idaho. The
Interview with the President lasted some
time and the entire situation was thor
oughly discussed. The committee In
formed the President that the presence of
the troops had been represented In a false
light and: added that In their own opinion
the Federal authorities were being used in
an illegitimate manner. The President
told the committee that the troops had
been sent only on the request of the Gov
ernor and were there for no other reason,
than to preserve peace. After the inter
view both members of the committee ex
pressed themselves as entirely satisfied
with the attitude of the administration,
which they said had been misrepresented
by the local authorities.
George D. Arthur Dead.
NEW YORK, July 17.— George D. Ar
thur, a retired broker, who went to Cali
fornia with D. O. Mills in 1849, la dead at
Scarborough, N. V., aged Co years. j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TIJESD AY, JULY" ( 18, , 1899.
DEADLY FIGHT
WITH ROBBERS
Men Who Held Up a
Train Overtaken.
— * —
GIVE BATTLE TO PURSUERS
— ♦ — .
SHEBIFF FABB, AND ONE OF THE j
FUGITIVES KILLED.
— -♦
Two of the Desperadoes Abandon
Their Horses and Are Being Fol
lowed Through the Hills
by Twenty Officers.
-• « *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EAST LAS VEGAS. N. M., July 17.—
Word was received here late to-day that
the body of one of the train robbers
concerned in the Folsom train robbery on
the Colorado Southern Railroad had been
conveyed to Cimarron, N. M., from the
scene of the fight and was afterward tak
en to Springer, a railroad station, where
an inquest was held to-night. The slain
I robber was known by the name of Wil
liam McGinnls, alias G. W. Franks, and
came from Magdalena, N. M., where he
was known as a bronco buster. He was
6 feet 2 Inches tall and weighed about 200
| pounds. -7
The other two robbers abandoned their
horses and are being pursued in the hills
by a posse of twenty men. ■ -V
Later accounts of the fight state that
the train robbers were overtaken at about
5 o'clock Sunday evening in the canyon
ten miles above Cimarron. They were
preparing to go into camp and replied in
the negative to a demand to surrender, a
flght then ensued In which about fifty
shots were exchanged. Sheriff Ed l'arr
received the first wound through the
: wrist, but bandaged it and renewed the
battle. He was shot a second time
! through the body and fell dead. F. H.
! Smith, another member of the posse, was
j shot through the leg. H. N. Love sus
i tamed a dangerous wound through- the
thigh. The firing lasted about forty-five
minutes.
Special Officer Reno remained on the
; scene until 8 o'clock Sunday night and
I then left for Cimarron to get medical aid,
! which was secured at Springer. It took
him nearly four hours to make the trip
'to Cimarron, a distance of ten miles,
j through the heavy rain and intense dark
ness. The attacking party consisted of
; Sheriff Farr, Special Officer W. H. Reno
' of Denver, F. H. Smith of New York,
who was at Cimarron and volunteered
: to go; 11. N. Love, an employe of Charles
Springer, stockman; J. H. Morgan ana
Perfecto Cordova of Colfax County, N.
M. ; Captain Thacker, special agent of the
IS NOT CALCULATED TO CREATE A
cheerful disposition. A stomach that fails
in its natural functions is usually required to
be empty. We have pictured above one who
suffers from Catarrh of the Stomach, as will at i
once be recognised by those who suffer from
stomach trouble.
Catarrh of the Stomach is a very serious af- |
fection. If. symptoms are these: Fig. I— Head- |
ache. Fig. 2— Paleness and Emaciation. Fig.
3_Coated Tongue and Offensive Breath. Fig.
4— Palpitation of the Heart. Fig. s— Pains or
Soreness In Stomach, or Bloating of Stomach.
Loss of Appetite. Costlveness, Dizzy Spells,
Tired and Worn-out Feeling, and Sleeplessness j
are other symptoms.
A good digestion and a cheerful disposition
go hand in hand. You may possess both.
HUDYAN, through its physiological action, j
reaches all the above conditions.
HUDYAN will create an appetite; It will as
sist nature to prepare for assimilation the food
that is taken Int.* the stomach. Bear in mind
that HUDYAN is not intended to afford merely
temporary relief; on the contrary, HUDYAN
cures are permanent.
HUDYAN will pro
■■. ; "4-mote sound sleep, the
j MEN AND sleep that brings health
| WOMEN and vigor. HUDYAN
. anuiSPD enriches the blood In
- CRpc i those elements that
r-oii yX- w.Hq glve strength and a
I Call or Write. i Klow of health. HUD
"♦- — — ♦yan cures Catarrh of
the Stomach and Its Complications.
HUDYAN ls for sale by druggists— soc a
package, or six packages for $2 so.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to th» HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., San Fran
cisco. '"..!. v ''7 7-7.'; '
You May Consult the Hudyan Doc
tors About Your Case Free of Charge.
| Call or "Write.
i «> SAVE YOUR MONEY 17
:Jl From $10 to $17.50 7
! Mfflw^ You can get the best All-Woo! /
i «K»jWfm Suit Made to Order at \
;! IP JOE POHEIM
".' If you want a first-class, /
j pfe?S well-fitting; suit of c'othes ,'
\ Hi from $20 to $40 go to <|
; If JOE POHEIM !
1 Fine Clothes at 25 per Jl
| cent less than elsewhere. i 1
I 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, i |
J 1 1 10-1 1 12 Market St._, S. F. y
MAKE PERFECT MEM
SDO NOT DESPAIR ! l>o not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
lire can be restored to you. The Tery
worst cases of Nervous Debility are
absolutely cured by rEKr'F.('TO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to In-
somnia, falling memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up tho system, <livo /^fc y bloom to tho
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of igV^Tpmif or old.
One Me box renews vital en,;rg* Pl*J C boxes at
■8.80 a complete guaranteed eWE? or money r«-
funded. (."an be carried In vest KM*' pocket. Sold
everywhere.or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrice by TIIE FIHFECTO ,70., C.:»o» faW».. Cblnge, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drue Co.. in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
_.'_^________________Tie_.M *"■* fi Is * non-poi.innoaa
< «'^MH^^^^^b£A remedy for Gonorrhoea,
ysßfi^CCnEb^BEJa Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
___jßria 1" 8 *»"• aW Whiter, unnatural li_h
Ftp*'/ UaaraciMd M rha.rK*-s, or any inllamma-
fpSffl cat to stricture. • . tion. irritation or ulcerv
g- x' Te,caU oo°'»gl°°- tit of in *i c v i mem-
|r?SftTHEE¥AN3OHE«IC«ICo. braaee. Non-a.tringent.
|, 'C>sNAii.o mm »« ,d b » " «*» '
wSSAI nil ___\ '" «snt ,D Plain wrapper,
_SlHw_>»_b' _____M_l by "xpresß, prepaid, fof
rVt__i____U-Wr\m $.'•*>. or 3 bottlM, |2.7&.
v VHtS^^gny^ m uxctuar Mat v& ra*t__«___,
______ ITIk □■■______! and Morphine Habits
■ n Bill R KB cured at home. Write
'IU '' ll ■ ila&a for full particulars
1 ELy BI i Hflafl book free. CORE.
" f % II! INDIAN OP.OM CORE.
V I I%S Iff! B. D. KIMMIS, 201 Turk
ifyyff Bt., Sa>n Francisco.
UnlL I I 11l L. [,c. eam Over" oats md
. Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
; CHOULD USE damiana bitters, THE
i V> great Mexican remedy; . gives ; health and
| btreHgth to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
Wells-Fargo Company at Springer, and
were under the direction of United States
Marshal Foraker of New Mexico.
D ETER OLSEN MAY
SURVIVE HIS WOUNDS
Man Shot at Birds Landing Still
l[ff. Alive, but in a Precarious
Condition.
SUISUN, July 17.— Peter Olsen, proprie
tor of the Union Hotel at Birds Landing-,
who was shot, yesterday morning by 11.
H. Burtt, Is still alive but in a precarious
condition. One of the bullets was taken
from his body to-day and hopes are enter
tained for his recovery, although the
warm weather is against him. Burtt is
confined in the County Jail here and re
fuses to talk about the case. As the Dis
trict Attorney is absent on a vacation it
is presumed the preliminary examination
will not be held until his return.
WOODLAND. July 17.— Under Sheriff
Robinson of Solano County, was in "Wood
land to-day investigating the Yolo County
record of Burtt, the man who shot and
probably mortally wounded Peter Olsen
at Birds Landing on Sunday. Burtt ad
mitted that he was once arrested in
Stockton and brought to Woodland on a
charge of forgery.
The Incident referred to by Burtt oc
curred in August, 1595. A man named
Burk had been discharged from the em
ploy of Bourne & Hershey. Six or
seven days thereafter, and while he was
When repeated, th Resort, motioned in this column .will send you circulars, giving informatt^ regarding special advantage* rate* 1
manner ol reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The (ML _ r ____ nr^ M^_ J^-_.^_-^_ r _ r _ l __ wj-xj-lc*
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West. ...
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall ln Lake County, together -with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. ______________
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game plentiful: magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $S: via Calistoga. 19.
Hotel and cottage rates, JlO to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or
S P. R. R to Calistoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAIG.
Highland Springs, Lake County, Cal.. or see
L D. CRAIG. Sl6 Montgomery St.. •
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Soda Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN & BULLWINKEL. .
620 Post St., San Francisco.
Tourists Visit
Lick Observatory.
The grandest sight in the
West is from Mt. Hamilton.
Hotel Vendome, San Jose, is
headquarters for Lick Observ-
atory visitors. It is the ideal
spot for summer outing. Wr te
I for book that tells all about it
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., San Jose.
SKftGGS'HDTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4\_ HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath In State: swimming and boating:
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone tele-
graph-, dally mall -and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San- Fran-
cisco only $*> 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:3.
a m. or "3:20. p. m. Terms', 12 a day or .12 a
week ■• References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly increasing— last
year unprecedented." J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
..../CTNA SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And looked the country over,
Till JEtna did their hopes fullfll,
And there they lived in clover.
Addlv W L. MITCHELL, Manager. Aetna
Spring' -Napa County, or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd
Fellows' bldg., S. F. ; telephone. Mint 183 d.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT, Lo-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
; Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J- B. PEAKES. Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL £ AM-
ple accommodations in Hotel; also in new
cottages, Just completed.
;' JVIRS. A. T. mOORE.
: .V BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County. Cal.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms: good
; boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
I reasonable. $8 to JlO per week: special rates for
! families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager. ■
SUNNYSIDE FARM.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND Rus-
sian River 2% miles -from Guerneville.
I Plenty of Fishing and Hunting. An Ideal
i Mountain Resort. Terms, 17 per week; chil-
i dren under 12 years, half price. • .
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON. Guerneville. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
SONOMA VALLEY. TWO HOURS FROM
© S F via Tiburon ferry. Warm mineral
swimming and tub baths. Water, gas, electric
bells Rates $10 to $12 per week. »2 per day.
Address Aqua Callente Springs. Aqua Callente.
Sonoma County, Cal. ■ ' ■-" - •
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
GOOD FISHING. HUNTING BATHING;
fresh milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit.
Terms? 17. El M. SHELFORD. Cloverdale,
! Cal. Free carriage.
FERNDALE springs RESORT gSsfis
ing spot, rest, health; perfect atmosphere; trail}
to Martinez, stage tv hotel. Offlce WO Market.
working on a hay press on the Lowe
ranch, he presented to Manager Gastelger
of the, Bourne & Hershey warehouse a
blank receipt together with one previously
issued by Gastelger to Mrs. E. C. Lauge
nour In which a mistake in the amount
occurred. He claimed that he was sent
by Mr. Hershey to have the mistake cor
rected. By accident or design he spilled
the ink he took with him. but managed
to save -enough for Gastelger to sign the
name of his employers. He. tore up the
original receipt and requested Burk to
have Mr. Watkins . fill out a new one.
Burk filled in the "receipt himself, sold it
to Robert Nethercott and with the pro
oeeds left the country. , All efforts to find
him were unavailing.
A man answering the description was
arrested ■in Stockton and brought to
Woodland. It proved to be a case of
mistaken identity and he was released.
The officers here are in doubt as to
whether Burtt is really Burk or the man
arrested in Stockton under the mistaken
supposition that he was Burk.
STATE EQUALIZERS
BEGIN THEIR SESSION
Dates Set Apart for the Hearing of
Railway Petitions for De
creased Assessments.
SACRAMENTO, July 17.— The State
Board of Equalization began Its regular
annual session to-day for the purpose of
assessing railroads and equalizing values
between the counties. The first two weeks
\f A plac? of peasure as well E
t ' as health— -Paso Robles Hot \
; c . ........ . j
| Springs is not a mere sani- \
| tarium but a pace where »
| ■ those in need of a healthful
I • outing can go and enjoy
| quiet rest. . Write for booklet
7 that tells the entire story. $
I Otto E. Never. Prop., City Office, j
| Paso Robles, Cal. 635 Market st.
_______________________________■________________________________________!
il m n3^r*'Kll i_l_f_M_Ml_____________l __BfflTl
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders,
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613 Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
nana sg\ g% hot SPRINGS. — This
SJ fl Ij Is I V 8 8 beautiful summer and
I nil HI S3 1 1 winter resort, now
D 111111 l W owned and managed by
DR. J PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated i
ISO miles south of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge nnd tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a, m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. $s. For further
information address J. PERRAULT, M .P.. Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St.. S. F.
I BYRON HOT SPRINGS,
U yf Contra Costa County, Cal..
These hot mineral baths are the only
known cure for Rheumatism. Take 9a. m.
or 6:30 p. m. train foot of Market st. Ad-
dress
ALBERT BETTENS. Mftp.
Pvron Hot Springs. Cal..
LOMBARD & CO., room 30. 22V4 Geary
St., city agents.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
.Change of Management.)
R ROBERTSON 'for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
bed's carpets, etc. • The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved-
competent attendants and masseurs. •• Grounds
ar.d walks beautified. . Fine hunting and fish-
ing Trains leave Third and Townsend sts.. S.
F.. at 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gil-
roy for the Springs. •
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
If* located in the midst of th- Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
Water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections/electric lights, livery accommodation;
go d trout fishing and hunting. - Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offlces. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Chtrminj Spot to Visit This Bummer. -
Boats; free to guests, fine fish-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
i ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
I teen miles from Truck**, In the heart of the
SUrras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
' an unbroken forest.- The Weal spot for families
j because It is clean. no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and 'pure- water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two M mere: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County,
ci apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st.. S. F., for
particulars. ■ . - .• ."'
LAUREL DEL
• LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better In Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out - H. WAMBOLD.
will -be devoted to assessing railroads. I
and the time of the board from then on .
to the end of the session will be occupied j
with county valuations.
At to-day's session the Board of Super- j
visors of Yolo County was granted an ex
tension of time, as a county board of j
equalization, until the 20th of the present i
month; Mono County Supervisors were |
granted one week; Merced County- Super- \
visors were granted ten days, and the j
Supervisors of Los Angeles County five i
days. The Assessor of Tuolumne County
was granted until the 31st. of the month :
to collect personal property : tax.
To-morrow has been set for hearing the
argument of the Nevada, California and
Oregon Railroad, but it is not thought !
that representatives of the road will ap- !
pear, as they never have in the past. Oth- j
er roads will be heard as follows:
July 20— Randsburg Railroad, California and j
Nevada Railroad. Gualala River Railroad.
July 26— Sierra Railway of California, Ala
meda and San Joaquin Railroad, Sierra Valley \
Railroad. iff „ „ v -
July 27— North Pacific Coast Railroad.
July 28— Nevada County Narrow Gauge.
August I— Pajaro Valley Railroad, Pacific |
Coast Railroad. y •
August 2— San Francisco and ..San Joaquin j
Valley Railroad. • .-
August 3— Santa Fe Railroad, San Francisco
and North Pacific Railroad.
August 4— Southern Pacifle Railroad, Pullman i
Car Company. V
Palo Alto High School Teachers.
PALO ALTO, July 17.— The board of I
trustees of the Palo Alto schools has made j
the following appointments for the Palo
Alto High School for the ensuing year: J
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
3\_ Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina" s won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May I
to Sept. 1. auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropoie and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS, Agents, 621 Market st., San Fran-
cisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
For your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced' Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. "
HI ORCHARD*^
HEALTH SPRINGS £$&
Plain Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery. Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, b boa o k u e
Up In the mountains nenr the lakes,
and In the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Ukiah.
POUND TRIP $9.50
J. Martens, prop.; city offlce. 418 Pine st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GrtTOS.
JUST OPENED; NEW BUILDING; HAND-
seme furniture; 50 outside rooms; every
modem convenience; -electric bells and lighting;
perfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
and service unsurpassed. Commodious free
sample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE, Propr.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and
fishing; artificial lake for boating and swim-
ming; long distance telephone; campers' return
tickets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood,
Cal. ■ '. ■ "
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs; baths;
furnished cottages. Terms, $10 to 112. liny
through tickets. Send for circular. O. HOW-
ELL. Hopland, Cal. ■ yf
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS.
Glen Ellen, Sonoma County; also 20 com-
pletely furnished 6-room cottages; good boat-
ing, fishing and hunting; finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America:
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel, 1021%- Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS. 7
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY,
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located ln Napa
County, 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
Is bottled at the springs and contains its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St.- Helena. 7.: ; -
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; - picturesque scenery;, mountain
walks; pure Eprlng water; . beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort.
rest and health culture ln a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL 7 VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Table under • personal care of
MRS. M. • MERRY. Proprietor.. . • .-
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Siskiyou County. Cal.) '
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS., Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:80 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. ■ AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
(John A~ Longley. P^^'^KugUsh;
German; Miss M. S-.^^es T. Bur
i Miss Effle Frazer.^LaUn. James mathe 
am. history: James Mackintos ; , Borin „
! matlcs and W^J«"S Or is practl
| zoology. The staff of teachers
■ oallv the same as last year, "" ment of
: been some shifting in the ass gnm^ on
studies. The High SchM 1 w n ' four-year
August 21. It i| to be ru n on deslffned
basls-that is, the^cqurs c w» pre para
to cover four arearsfg of three,
tion for the university, «»«
ias formerly. _____» — : ' v ;"b
Napa Asylum Investigation
SACRAMENTO, July fe*gg^ held
! the State Commission in Lunacy wa^ of
; at the Capitol this aftcrooo
| the business ****"**£££ asylum. The
j a new ice-plant at the fjag £ othin g to
meeting % this , atternoon i , t y^ N a p a
-do with the fharges as wiU not be
j asylum, and these f ,pr theAgnws affair
! investigated until after th t AS tQ fee a
• has been decided. A*> t re the re is nothing
general impression that tnere^ Gard _
! in the Napa matter but ur. a fQr rr
ner. the superintendent, nas*. &ct Jn
investigation and <*«;?*_?,"
I accordance with his request.
i<-f. Death of Dr. Allis.
r^«. <-oii nnd the New xorK
! e n^™r d abl rop°>-rT«hte ( d a,l l^ d b y Ja.es Oor
don Bennett. - — .
dent of the American rVhesfrnxerSrl will
sion; died yesterday. Ihe iuneuw,
j take place to-morrow.
Niagara Falls Line.
IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK, BOS-
ton or Intermediate points, ask your agent ta
route you via the famous WABASH. NIAGARA j
FALLS SHORT LINE, the finest scenic Una j
east of the Rockies.
Beautiful DETROIT RIVER, NIAGARA
FALLS and gorge. MOHAWK VALLEY.
WEST POINT, CATSKILL MOUNTAINS,
banks of the HUDSON RIVER, BERKSHIRE* :
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the Interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabash. The Wabash la
the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
dacka, White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, because lt is the coolest, time th»
best, equipment unsurpassed. Write for Illus- -
trated and descriptive tours. "Lake and ;
Sea " R. C. CLINE.
Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash R. R..
: Los Angeles,. Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Cclusa County. Cal. 26 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury in the system.
kidney.'- complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 145 degs.
New 2-story hotel and flne new bath-house.
Board and lodging, including baths, $9 and $10
per week, WM. OELGART. Proprietor.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffieboard. croquet and other
i games. Accommodations flrst-class; table good; :
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 73. Stage*:
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE As.
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma..;
Co., Cal. City Offlce. 912 Larkin st. .
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE}
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-:
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO-
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County; Cal. I
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
return for $25 cash, by Yosemite and Ray-
mond Carriage Line. Limited. Address A. B,
VAN CAMPEN. Raymond. Cal. ;
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST ,
class; renovated throughout; lovely" sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. _ ;
HOTEL BENVENUE
AND COTTAGES, LAKEPORT, CAL. —
Large grounds; new dancing pavilion, 80x •
40; fronts lake 200 ft.; fine bowling alley and.
shuffieboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free; children's playground; good table; no Chi-
nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES, Proprietors, j
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelil'.e manner, with one of the best
tables ln the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 50. S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence br
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Laka
County, Cal. - ■
. CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
ON N. P. C. R. R.. THE PLACE TO GO
for summer; board or camp cottages; Sun-
day excursions. $1. For circulars address H.
G. MARTIN. Camp Taylor. Cal. -
MAGNETIC SPRINGS yy
(Glenwood, Santa Cms County, Cal.)
THIS FINE RESORT IS FROM NOW ON
open as a flrst-class summer and winter
resort. For particulars apply to the manager.
Round trip only $21 50 on narrow-gauge route.
riDI CD in Most beautiful spot ln Laka
VAnL_7DAIf County. The mineral springs
are famous. for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially ln stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County. .....
YOSEMITE. San ancisco to Chi-
■ UoLItU 1 *-.• nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mile*
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. " - Single,
fare. • in- either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery st.San Francisco.
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT $To*Z g^
and Pine Forests, Napa County foothills- love-
ly and healthful spot. Elevation 1650" feet.
Mountain scenery, hunting, puie water, all va-
rieties of fruit. Terwis, $7 per week. Addres*
P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa P. O. .
A - FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Calistoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co.. Calb
MAN7.ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board; pood accommodations at
Manzanita Villa. 7
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
yffy During Your Vacation.
Subscribers .to "The \ Call" visiting tha
country, seaside ur springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" senttothem
for a week or. longer by prepaying for same
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier. yUf s ffr'f'-y''y- 'f ':
i ' ...TERMS... ffff
15 Cents peP Week
65 Cents peP Month
POSTAGE PREPAID.BOTH LABELS ALIKE
AND THE BABY DIED
MRS. LIZZIE McKNTgg of 521 Elizabeth street, a frail looking little
woman, clad In deep mourning, sobbed as though . her heart would
break when she told the Coroners jury yesterday morning how she
had accidentally poisoned her two-months-old baby, little Jimmie.
Her cup of sorrow wis 7- re than full, for within the last four
month* <=he lost two children with pneumonia, and on Friday her
third and last was taken away from her because the law allows poison to
be placed in bottles of the same shape and bearing the same colored labels
as those bearing harmless prescriptions. t^-.a^
Her baby was sick with bronchial trouble, and she sot from the Pacific
I>ierie-«ary at jjgg Mi«cjnn streets two small bottles of medicine— one contain
ing medicine to* be" used internally and the other a prescription made up
large'y of c a rbo"c acid, to be inhaled by the baby. Both bottles were of
the same and size; both labels were white, both of the same size,
printed alike and not to be distinguished one from the other except by a
-arrow strip or" white paper pasted over the top of the label on the poison
bottle and bearir.s: the words, External Use Only."
Wearied by long watching and her nerves matron? by anxiety. Mrs. Me-
Entee mistook the carbolic acid bottle for that containing the medicine for
lr , t -.-. a * T Vj =c ' B-->th bottles stood together upon a little table, the back of the
bottle of poison beins turned ward her. In her hurry she neglected to look
'or the <=trip on the label and gave tf baby the poison.
■- In Borne other countries no more civilized than California poisons are re
quired by law to be soid in - . . ire bottles, so that a mistake need not be com
mitted in the dark or by a blind person. As a further nrecaution. poison
labels are red. with the skull, and cross-bones and the word "Poison" con
spicuously displayed.
The jury rendered a verdict of accidental death.
BLANCHE BATES
DANCES IN "THE
DANCING GIRL"
The Play and Part
Disappointing.
— ♦ —
-OLIVETTE" CLEVERLY ACTED
— • —
•THE NEW MAGDALEN" CROWDS
THE ALCAZAR.
*
-Lord and Lady Algy" Improves at
the Columbia "Blue Beard"
Charms Tivolites
pheum's New Stars.
*
A large ----- critical audience filled
the California Theater last night to see
-_ Frawley Company in "The Dancing
GirL" What a pity there is a fourth
act. We wait for the third, save our
applause for it and discuss it when we
leave. The situation burns hot as
flame, and with a backward look we
see nothing else. The first act is a
prettier one by far, except for the ten
antry. One man could have carried on
the action and given us the situation
as well as all his neighbors, and then
the act would have been reminiscent
of nothing.
The part of Drusilla Ives Is a strong
one for Miss Bates, and she plays ie
well. After her excellent work in "The
Last Word.*, though, her performance
is something of a disappointment: she
does not seem exactly in sympathy with
the character, especially in the stronger
scenes, where she should excel. It
would be very difficult for any one to
act sympathetically with Mr. Harring
ton Reynolds, who plays the role of
John Christison. He gives .- such an
idea of goodness and religion that we
are not surprised to see Drusilla seek
ing sunshine in darker paths. Ke
seems to try to imitate Henry Killer,
and imitation- of any -"-nd is a fatal
mistake. Mr. Cook plays David Ives
with true intelligence, and what a
thankless task it must be to portray
a character whose religion makes him
as cold as a cave and unforgiving to
the last wrench. Miss Hope' Ross as
the lame girl was sweet and convincing,
but handicapped by her voice, which in
places should be as "tenderly sad as
tears in young eyes." Miss Mould's
personality seems to me more fitted to
the art.
Mr. Frawley was a true Duke of
Ouisebury, and If he would but articu
late distinctly we should have nothing
but words of praise. Mr. Hickman was
an older Alexander Airy, and whether
the author meant him to be that or not
we find the portrayal Interesting and
amusing. "The. Dancing Girl" is not a
play that holds our sympathy. We
come away in touch with no one— sorry
for no one. and with belief in no one's
repentance. It is not one of Mr. Jones'
happiest efforts and the Frawley Com
pany make it as interesting as the
lines and situations allow. The last
ac: makes it seem a lc-ng and tremen
dous effort without result.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
TivolL
Another crowded house witnessed the
hurlesque of "Blue Beard" at the Tlvoll
last evenine. The bright songs and dances
which are presented in each act were in
almost every Instance repeated, so great
was the desire for encores. Next week
"Warg" will be presented, with Edwin
Stevens in the title role, and the week fol
lowing the grand opera season will be in
augurated. Special preparations are now
under way for the presentation on a grand
scale of "La Boheme," "The Jewess."
"Othello." "Queen of Sheba," "Lohen
grin." "Faust." "Carmen," etc., and the
Tivoli management is confident that the
grand opera season will eclipse anything
of the. kind they have ever undertaken.
Some of the principals are already here
and others arrived in New York on Sun
day from Europe and are now en route
to -'the coast. ______
Orpheum.
The. Orpheum was as usual crowded
last night and the bill presented was a
most attractive one. Among the new fea
tures Kilpatrirtc and Barber take the
lead. They style themselves scientific
trick bicyclists and they gave one of the
cleverest and most graceful exhibitions
en the wheel ever seen at this popular ]
pleasure resort. Individually they per- ;
form the most daring feats and together
on --.-. one wheel their tricks and feats |
are marvelous. They at once establish
themselves as prime favorites. Les
Browns, said to be the only one-legged
male and female acrobats and instrumen- >
i talists in the world, give a novel enter- j
i tainment. Houdim made his reappear
ance and offered to give the "professor"
who made an alleged expose of his hand
cuff trick $190 If he could extricate him- '
self with a key in his mouth. The hand
cuff and trunk tricks mystified the audi
ence as deeply as ever. Signor and Sig
nora de Pasqua.ll were heard in selections
from "Cavalleria Rusticana" and were
■*- irmly applauded. The ether attractions
were Minnie Palmer. Millian and Shields.
George Wilson and the Rixfords. Hayes
and Littel will appear to-night in "In
gomar," Hayes having recovered from
his attack of congestion of the lungs.
Grand Opera-House.
Audran's "Olivette" was the opening
attraction of the week at the Grand
Opera, and the well-filled house was kept
on the laugh during the whole perform
ance. The fun was furnished Ix unstinted
measure by William Wolff, who made a
new role out of uelicot by the bril
liant talk, rich with puns, which he in- •
terjected into his lines. Arthur Wooley
made a hit as Captain de Merrimac, and
Persse as his double in the second act was
commendable. Edith Mason-was as pretty*
and as piquant as ever as Olivette, and
Bertha Ri<- was the love-lorn Countess
to the life. Moustique is a small part for
Hattie Bell Ladd. but she filled it well.
The sailors' hornpipe gave Mindel Fern
------- an opportunity to show some
i graceful steps and -- lithe and graceful
! figure, both of which were applauded by
the spectators. ___
Columbia.
Nearly 300 Oregon boys enjoyed the hos
pitality of the Colombia management
last evening and added their generous ap
plause to that of the large audience who
enjoyed Carton's brilliant comedy, "Lord j
and Lady Algy." Repetition seems to
add to the zest of Miller's great com- '
pany, and the play last evening went
with even more swing and dash than
characterized the initial performance,
while there was still the same careful
attention to detail.
Miller's characterization of "Sporty
Lord Algy is a performance that is well
worth several visits, and the company i
score equally with the star. "Lord and \
Lady Algy" will be continued throughout
the week. Or. Monday next "Heartsease,"
the success of Mr. Miller's last season
here, will be staged.
Alcazar.
That old emotional standby, "The New
Magdalen." was revived at the Alcazar
last evening and drew a crowded house. ;
Miss Florence Roberts as Mercy Merrick
was well suited ln the pan of the repent- j
ant woman and won an enthusiastic recall
in the scene with Grace Roseberry. White
Whittlesey was very good as Julian Gray.
the clergyman, while Frank Denithorne
gave a careful rendering of the part of
Horace Holmcroft. Miss May Nanr.ary
was a little too vixenish in her portrayal
of Grace Roseberry, while Miss Marie
Howe made a graceful and lovable Lady
Janet Roy. "The New Magdalen" ought
to have a prosperous run.
Chutes and Zoo.
The new pill in the Chutes Theater last
night furnished some interesting numbers.
Especially funny was William Mcßride in
his Celtic witticisms and songs. He sus- :
I tamed his reputation as an entertainer of
1 more than ordinary ability. The same
' can be said of Miss Le Clair, the female
gymnast. A! Hagard. the ventriloquist,
was quite amusing and the holdovers were
■up to their standard. Many of the Oregon
I soldiers were guests of the management. ;
Olympia.
Querlta Vincent last night began her '
farewell week at the Olympia and she re- j
ceived ouite an ovation. She was encored ■
until she had to refuse further responses. :
No better tribute to her talent can be re
corded than to say that she is a greater !
favorite with the public in this her twen
; ty-seventh week than on the opening. I
; The Seymour brothers scored well..
BANDS OF MERCY ARE
RAPIDLY GROWING
THE HUMANE ELEMENT TAKES
UP THE WORK IN EARNEST.
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals Makes a Good Show
ing for the Past Year.
When the male njembers of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
assembled for their annual meeting yes
terday they were met with* a surprise in
the form of a large collection of flowers
on the table and a large collection of the
lady members ranged along the wall. To
the business men this signified that some
favor was to be asked of them, and they
were correct in their surmises. When the
proper time arrived the ladles stated that
they very* much desired the official In
dorsement of the society to a move now in
hand for the raising of funds for the pur
chase of about 50,000 badges for the chil
dren members of the Bands of Mercy
which are being organized in the interest i
of humane treatment of the dumb ani
mals. There are now 13.300 in the bands.
If the society would take up the project
and father it by the use of the society
name the ladles would do the rest. It was
practically decided to give the required
indorsement, but formal action will be \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 18, 1899.
taken by the- board of trustees next
Thursday. ' 
The report of the officers or the ;
society showed that the membership
is 435. eight having died \ during the
past year. There are now 39*
officers engaged in humane work, but the.
secretary recommended that more paid
officers should be engaged. During the ■
twelve months past 2379 cases of. cruelty
have been attended to, with 195 prosecu
tions 129 convictions. l 5 animals killed.
1788 taken from -work. 14,169 animals in
volved and 11.330 relieved. In July there
was $11,897 S3 on hand.
The following were elected as trustees
for the ensuing year: N. P. Cole. Colonel
John P. Jackson. James S. Hutchinson. \
C. S. Crittenden, H. E. Holmes. Frank A.
Vail. John Partridge. Martin Stevens.
Charles A. Clinton. M.D.; Robert C. 80l- *
ton. H. W. Thorp. E. F. Delger, J. M. Mc- ;
Donald. George M. Mitchell and Ira B.
Dalziel.
VALLEY ROAD CHANGES.
The Directors Will Meet To-Day in
Annual Meeting.
To-day the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley Railroad will hold its regular
annual meeting, at which Chief Engineer
Storey will present his report telling of
the work that has been accomplished
since the first shovelful of dirt was lifted
on July 5. 1_95.
Since that time Mr. Storey will show
that 305 miles of track have been laid and
three tunnels, one of which is 5600 feet in
length, have been practically completed.
On some of them there is still incidental
work, such as timbering and general
cleaning up. still to be done, but with the
exception of tunnels 1 and 4 the great un
, dertaking of getting daylight through
the hills has been accomplished. On these
two tunnels there are still several hun
dred feet to be bored. That portion of the
track south of Stockton has been laid
and is in working order, leaving only the
SHE GOES WITH A BIG CARGO.
Hawaiian ship Fort- George, that sails for Honolulu next- Friday with one
of the most valuable cargoes ever sent out of this port in a sailing vessel.
seventy-five-mile gap from Stockton to i
Point Richmond.
There will be several changes made at I
to-day's meeting in the executive heads
of the road. Exactly what th- changes
will be has not been officially given out.
but that President Ripley of the Santa Fe
will assume a like position in the Valley
road and that Claus Spreckels will resign
In order to make Mr. Ripley's acceptance
of the place a certainty is considered as
sured.
■ m ■
The recent outbreak of the plague is [
the first recorded in Egypt in fifty-five
years. -y'-l
ATTORNEY RICKETT'S
CLOTHES DESERT HIM
AH. RICKETTS, the popular at
torney in the Claus Spreckels
. building, will in future take out
an insurance policy or. his per
sonal property when he visits in the
country. Either this or he will secure
the services of an "Eagle Eye" to
watch his clothes * while he sleeps.
Sunday, night he had an experience at
San Leandro in which his vest myste
riously absented itself from his room
while he slept; likewise his coat, white
shirt, pants, watch, coin, diamond
matchsafe and other property. The
garments hied themselves to a dust
bin in the basement of the house, but
th. remainder and more valuable of
his possessions decamped to parts un
known. _
Rioketts spent Sunday night in the
suburbs of San Leandro at the coun
try home of Mrs. Nellie Sanger, one
of his clients and widow of the late
Emil A. Sanger. It was his intention
to rise early enough to be present In
court in this city on the following
morning at 10 o'clock. The thought
that he might oversleep himself made
Ricketts fidgety- all bight and many
times he awakened and looked at his
watch, which hung in his vest. The last time he consulted the timepiece was
at 4:10 a. m. on Monday morning, after which he returned to the arms of
Morpheus-, Intending to remain therein for at least a couple of hours more.
Shortly after 7 o'clock he again opened his eyes and reached out for his
watch. His hands grasped air. By the light of the newborn sun of that Mon
day morning he searched every nook and corner of the room. His exterior gar
ments had disappeared. His socks,
shoes and cravat alone remained by
the side of the bed.
In his consternation he groped for
a messenger call to summon a hack.
He could curl up in the bottom of a
hack, he thought, and reach his home
in Oakland unseen. But, alas, there
are no messenger calls in San Lean
dro. After some study he figured that
his hostess was the perperator of a
huge joke of which he was the vic
tim. Wrapping a sheet around hfs
shivering form he rapped on the door
of her room and demanded that the
Joke be called off. After much parley.
Jhad disappeared. words were
md Tavat alone remained by
■ of the bed.
s consternation he groped for
enger call to summon a hack.
Id curl up in the bottom of a
c thought, and reach his home
land unseen. But, alas. -
messenger calls In San Lean
fter some study he figured that
;tess was the pcrperator 0 f a
.ke of which he was the vic
."rappfng a sheet around his
:«? form he rapped on the door
room and demanded that the
called off. After much parley,
h several hundred worda were
passed, Mrs. Sanger called the Japa
nese servant. Tokio, and Tokio dug
up~ the clothes from the basement,
where ie says he found them in a dust
bin. but the - watch, stud, diamond
matchsafe, a large sum of money and
everything of value were missing from
the pockets.
The Japanese denies all knowledge
of the bold burglary and the matter
was placed in the hands of the police.
Ricketts proceeded to this city, "and
when seen pronounced it a mysterious
afifair from the fact that it was committed so late in the morning. In the
same room was a quantity of. silverware, and in the hall adjoining the at
torney's room was a sealskin sack, while about the house was much of value.
None of these things were touched and the thief. confined his operations to
the garments owned by the visitor. The police have the Japanese servant
under suspicion and will probably place him under arrest. Many circum
stances.in the case confirm this suspicion. ....
NITRATE SHIPS
ARE ANXIOUSLY
AWAITED HERE
Powder Mills Are in
Need.
— —
UNCLE SAM MUCH CONCERNED
— — .
VALUABLE MACHINERY SEC
TIONS LOST OVERBOARD.
♦
A Small Package Caused a World of
Trouble Tug Fearless -Will
Be a Transport
Tender.
•
A great many people are interested in
the British ship Aristomene, now out six
ty days from Pisagua with a cargo of :
nitrate. Her charterers. W. R. Grace &
Co., are watching anxiously for her and ;
- have a berth secured and all arrange
ments made to begin discharging just as
soon as she can be docked. The California
Powder Works Is also watching anxiously
because they want the nitrate, and Uncle
Sam is keeping tab because he wants the ;
powder. An average passage is sixty
days, but it would not surprise anybody .
If it was another week before the Aristo
mene got ln, owing to the light winds and
calms reported by every vessel that
reaches port.
The demand for nitrate in the United
States has sent a number of vessels to the
west coast of South America, and the big
gest tonnage in years is now heading in j
this direction from the nitrate ports. Be- :
sides the Aristomene the American bark
entine Encore is now out twenty-five days,
British ship Dynomene twenty-four days,
American bark Highland Light eleven
days and the American schooner Louis,
American barkentine Gleaner, British
bark Auldgirth and British ship Sierra j
Blanca are loading.
There was some tall swearing around
the Hawaiian ship Fort George yesterday
afternoon. A small case of castings went
overboard and two divers had to be sent
down to recover it. From one point of
view the case was not worth what was
spent to recover it, but from another it
* was the most valuable portion of a MM
i ton cargo. The Fort George takes away
i a very large quantity of machinery for a
' new sugar mill that is to be put up in the
islands. The box that went overboard :
contained all the small castings for the
mill, so had It been lost the machinery
would have been useless until the castings
were duplicated in the East.
Captain Morse, as soon as he heard of
the accident, sent for divers, and Keefe
and Roach went to his assistance. It did
not take them long to go down and secure
! the box. and Inside of half an hour it
1 was on the wharf again. The Fort George \
. is to sail on Friday, and will carry the :
most valuable cargo ever taken away by a
sailing ship. There are all kinds of ma
chinery in it, pianos, safes, furniture, lum
ber, fifty horses. 300 hogs and general
merchandise.
There is a great scarcity of sailors on
the water front, and in consequence the
captains are paving $40 -'blood money for
men. The Ardencraig. Benares and Whls
cott are all loaded and ready for sea. but
the men to man them cannot be found.
The Ardencraig wants twelve men. and
after much labor the boarding masters
have succeeded in getting five aboard.
The Willscott needs sixteen men, and not
one has been. put aboard her, and the Ben
ares is in the same box.
Not only are the men hard to secure,
but the few that remain by the ships are
stolen out of them when they go to Port
Costa to load. Men are in demand in the
grain sheds, and the bosses are only too
glad to pay a sailor $2 50 a day to handle
wheat. Freights are good, however, so
the captains do not begrudge the "blood
money" if they can only get the men.
The new four-masted schooner Winslow
was launched from Hall Bros.' yard at
Port Blakeley yesterday. She was named
after the late Captain Winslow Hall, who
died in this city a couple of years ago.
The Winslow is modern in every respect.
and will carry 750.000 feet of lumber. She
was chartered before she was launched
and will begin loading at once for either
San Pedro or Honolulu.
The American ship Aryan will require
considerable overhauling before she can
go to sea again. She was chartered to
load sugar at Honolulu for New York, but
was leaking so badly when she reached
the islands that the charter had to be can
celed. She then came on here in ballast
for rerairs. The Aryan is now on the
dry dock.
The new tug Fearless has been char
tered by the Government from the John
D. Spreckels and Bros. Company. 'She
will be used as a tender for -the transports
and will remain in service during the con
tinuance of the trouble in the Philippines.
The Fearless has had her smokestack
painted yellow and her hull white and la
now like the rest of the Government fleet.
Her old crew will remain ln charge of
her.
The American schooner Baranoff ha«.
had her name changed to Rover and has
been given a yacht's commission by the
Commissioners of Navigation. She is
owned by R. Barrett Fithlan and is going
on a cruise in the Southern Seas.
ORIENTAL TRADE
F. X. Schoonmaker Says Therein Lies
California's ._. pportunity.
Hon. F. X. Schoonmaker delivered an
Interesting lecture last night at Sherman.
Clay & Co.'s Hall, under the auspices of
the California State Board of Trade. His
subject was "The Oriental Trade— Cali- j
fornia's Opportunity." A large audience j
gathered to hear the distinguished
speaker. Mr. Schoonmaker was intro
duced by A. A. Watkins. president of the
Board of Trade. E. A. Denicke, president
of the Mechanics' Institute, occupied a
seat on the stage.
Mr. Schoonmaker prefaced his remarks
by an appeal for the removal of the ex
isting prejudices against the Chinese race.
He referred to the inventive genius of the
latter, which had not as yet been paral
leled by any European nation. "China, by
its attainments in the world of art.' - he
said, "is entitled to our earnest and re
spectful consideration. Th* 1 wonderful
ability and capacity of its people make it i
a most dangerous competitor and a most j
potent ally In commercial affairs. It is a ;
fact that China can sell sllk as cheap as I
we can calico. This patient, singular and
homogeneous people are able ■ to accom- I
plish more substantia results in manufac- !
tures and the arts than any other people, i
and we should cultivate their trade, In
which California, on account of its geo- j
graphical position, is vitally interested.
"The peculation of China is now not i
less than 150.000.i-jO. and In ISM it had
passed the point ' of subsistence, or the •
point where the land could feed them.
Two billion bushels of wheat yearly will j
China require for consumption, and Cali
fornia's chance is here on account of the .
rejection of wheat of Siberia and Argen
tine for obvious reasons. China has con- ;
eluded that flour will take the place of !
rice In its food, and has decided that it
will buy from the United States, be
cause no dollar she g9n* us will ever be j
shot back."
FAVOR THE NEW TREATY.
Enthusiastic Meeting of Japanese in
Golden Gate Hall Last Night.
The new treaty between Japan, the
United States and the European powers
went into effect yesterday, and last night
the local Japanese residents held a mass
meeting in Golden Gate Hall in honor of
the occasion. The hall was prettily dec
orated with Japanese and American flags,
harmoniously blended with bunting and
the flags of all nations.
The opening address was made by X.
Satow, chairman of the meeting and man
ager of the local Japanese mission. In
classic Japanese he stated the object of
the meeting and gave a brief history of
Japan's relations with the other nations
from the day the first white man visited
its shores to the ratification of the present
treaty. At the conclusion of his address
the audience, composed almost wholly of
Japanese, arose In a body and sung *-_vim
igavo " the Japanese national anthem.
This was followed by addresses by S.
Yamamura. chairman of the committee;
X Obata, H. Sakuri, Tozana. agent of the
Japanese Bank: Rev. Dr. Harris. Rev. Dr.
Sturge and Count Mutsu.
At the conclusion of the addresses three
cheers were given for the Emperor of
Japan, the Empress, the empire and Pres
ident McKinley. ; __ ■
The new treaty was warmly praised by
each of the speakers. It practically places
Japan on an equal footing with other na
tions. Formerly there was one law for
Japanese In Japan and another for for
eigners. Now the same laws govern all.
Foreigners were also excluded from do
ing business in or even traveling through
portions of the country without special
permit, but now the whole empire is
thrown open to all.
A POPULAR EXCURSION TO SAN
TA CRUZ
Will Take Place Sunday Next, the
23d Inst.
As was expected, the announcement
that the Southern Pacific Company
would run a 12 excursion to Santa Cruz
on Sunday, the 23d inst., has created a
desire on the part of many of our citi
zens to avail themselves of the oppor
tunity of visiting this beautiful city
and enjoying the pleasure of a dip in
the ocean, also visiting the League of
the Cross Cadets in camp on the beach.
Colonel Menton. excursion passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
will look after excursionists, and there
will be plenty of room for all.
Trains will leave ferry landing, foot
of Market street, at 7:45 a. m.. return
ing leave Santa Cruz at 4:12 p. m.. ar
riving at San Francisco 8:66 p. m.
j NEARLY FIVE THOUSAND.
' Japan and England Lead the List of
Immigrants at This Port.
Immigration Commissioner North has |
! made up his report on the immigration !
i at this port for the fiscal year ending
i June 30. 1559. and the following extracts
are taken: Total arrivals, 3726 males and
1040 females: deportations, paupers 25, dis
eased 1. convict 1. contract laborers 3. to
tal deportations 34. Illiterates of 14 years j
old and over. 130; of these 76 were from
Japan. 15 from Spain. 11 from Portugal. 7
from Mexico and 7 from Italy. The coun- ,
tries whence the immigrants came, with
the number of immigrants from teach, are:
Japan 1667. England 1464. Germany 201.
Mexico 153. Ireland 150. Portugal 138. Spain
72. Korea 22. Philippine Islands 11.
"The total amount of money brought ln
by the immigrant. was $333,754.
Give America a Chance.
At a meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday a resolution was passed
to present to the- proper authorities the
sentiment of the chamber on the matter
of customs duties in the Philippine Isl
ands. The members of the chamber are
of the opinion that the customs of the
islands should be so that American goods
could be placed on the market there under
the same favorable conditions as those of
other countries. The resolution carries
the request that changes be made to this
end. The sum of $100 waa voted to assist
to defray the expenses of Miss Kelieher,
who is to deliver -a series of Interesting
lectures in the East on the subject of Cal
ifornia.. The secretary was directed to
send to United States Consul G. W. Bell
of Sydney. N. S. w., an invitation to lec
ture on the commerce of the Paclflc when
he arrives here on his way East, _
THE EMPOBIUM. J
r^¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*?<
r ¥
fr SpoDial *!fagg»gßim__ff_g^WM IRbfl A rapid *
Iszz, ¥ ji| _EWTORIU|i^^' s - 5
fr sales now. ilP s *.^ « . «* ■*@ mail *
* New"ads" ■ **o>Ute*tftulei ftazaar. ™„rdUr *
* daily. Ks???^^ Americas c^^^^^ 7o^ service . *
* July is the progressive mercJiant's house-cleaning J
» time. All of the broken lines of Summer Goods are re- _
* duced now to close them out quickly. Expect io find J
J hundreds of bargains when you come to the Big Store *
* that never get into the papers at all. ¥
l THESE TUESDAY ONLY* I
fr . ♦
{ {More enticing offerings, good for this aav only. *
* Watch our daily "aas" in morning papers — and don't ¥
» miss a chance. J
J For Tuesday Only. For Tuesday Only. *
I StylfSh Our entire line ParaSOlS Choi c to-day, J
__ a* a ef Wash i_?wn mj___*_r »__-___.___. and on v to-da , »
J NeCXWear* and Pique Neck- //air PriCe* oar c tire ne *
a wear, y^-* '' co^ ore^ coaching ani carriage Par *sols J
fr compris- /'"y'^Vv />/ I .J^\ at one- halt the marked regular prices — J
fr ing Ji- /^j^-^)) v — C I S'asonable eood=, b.i k like m«ay another J
* bots, V^« 'v) * l*__i^ >*bA line .n the store, thay mist be "'" ? d ou:
* sto.-k y*t 't* <*. » \£-ij^"'} -* -° m s k a rom " or i" com r.g FIG o -. «
* colia a _. y- Lyf^S^il $2.0 Pars^va for $1.00 *
T and m^Jii; T -^a| $ :.'-0 Paraso -3 • $2.00 ¥
J chemt- '/■_feSa' : r^&zl. Ec^Etc. - *
fr sefes, <^m?ff|V^^ , &WV 2
lel 'fflfe#r '" I For Tuesday Only. ¥
fr tesn llilfe IMb I * ■' *
*^5c,5^ RH 1 Specials in ™° *
? 60c and ti^^i w|#6irfHfi» ### picture ¥
J toe au '* . House-Furnish- showi *
j>, - ettiiy trimmed with lace or embrod-! . -^ »M fcfcraa . *
fr ery — ;-our eh.dee to-da/. each 38c Ittff GOOQS* reason- *
A - an * abe arti- J
* For Tuesday Only. /■ * cles as *
* Special Sale LI^HI rkrc!^^^^^-- - ' f- «
* Special Sale A la . r &*. and 8 fS^^^^^^^orces for 5
* ■___* « _«-_. « varied as- 4 — — .^— -— =___;.„ j._ „_ i
* Wash Goods* sonm^t of 1,0 *^§§||ifs|g== n J, a3 J
___ ,-- . . . .... v P . if i --~__!*«^_. ong as ▼
* Washable rabrics that i.aye been Sj^c, j J :^^S^ :: s_>^r =;=; ,.,1 „►,-.: _>. *
fr . A , » ■,' I*s qnantiti ea j*
J 10c and 12»^c per yard — are offered for, I 13 *
today at 6c ; I 1 One- *
fr Assortment includes: 11 jj -^ggae^^-. B'T-ner *
fr S6-inch S andard Percales in good pa-- Jj . f^L^^^ Coal OH " «
* tera^and'olorißga. J ' I *=>- - *.\ 5/Oves-A good, «
fr tern^and olorngs. J _ =\f%\ Stoves- X «yd, «
fr ?2-inch Madras, chore designs || i£^^ reiia =^ ma.c, wiU 5
fr 2x-ncn DuckSuit-rgs, neat cieco, etc. J| cook as we ,M a «
* For Tuesday Only. * S!j 4 F^^nT)^^tove-^p^j J
fr ._______________■ Raairkab'e redo> V =^/*IHi!.V- Clothes J
fr Toilet R:- . arkab c redu-- * J s °''' A.nyOlOthes \
fr * 2' - tens in prces fcr Dryer— Attach tie mto k ten- n wail, J
fr ArtlCleS* thi3 day only. : ey fold up when not in use, more con-
* Hair <S ,^r__, - > veni?nt than a e'oth'ts-horae, a limited ¥
? Brush' \"~~i Sfhjftaf * * ' 1 a nt t7 oily — to-day, each 240 ¥
J es-v. f^) r^=S> Gas Lighters— Thi "Star." ro'- *
a neered ptttcTtii S **3^"j ished handle — to-day, with a bot of long *
fr cedar wood Airrno . *'po^l"^ wax tapers, only - IQo ¥
fr backs h«* L - ' iVJfIL I
* mixed f*?*", NffTa£_)<aa>s_, *
fr br ' t l l " 3 ;. if J -^^^^S For Tuesday Only. *
» 2.ceach— y^f^ii^^^^^ Groceries, Foar --- ? ? - *
a for....ygC<^^^_P^ *? * /#»##*» »«o 'c a 3 for to-day— -"♦:
fr Importe I """"^ LlmgUOrS* qualities guaran- J
fr Tooth Brushes— -i rows, securely? te?d. *
* drawn bristles, regular price 15c — to j Hants— Emporium E » t:rn. regnbr- J
* d^v 8c iy 14: [—to--. ...12c X
* Toilet Soap — Milk," nurly Soap Powder— Ci :a-y's i-ln
J perf v re_:ul:ir i rice lox of 3 cak =s} '. mid, regularly 10c package— t^-d* _•
J 13 — t -da box f-r :...7c 5 for ..2Bc ¥
fr Almond Meal— A d .li htfu! d- Bourbon— 0 d Re-rye. futt <«
fr diticn in tte toilet ad balk, g!.-s quart- regul.ry ?1 — to-day- 800 ¥
fr with per.orated nickel tip ; — special to j Ale— Evans' New York, r-gular'.v- ♦
¥ diy... .- //CJSI.76 dozen— to-day _... $1.35 *
\ THE CRANE STOCK* \
i Men's Furnishings at 65c on the Dollar «
i until ail Is sold* *
* The Big Store has purchased the entire stock of Crane, the *
* Montgomery-street Haberdasher, at a very low price — ms, clean, *
fr togk-class iSUn's Furnishings, from the best makers of America. *
J The sale began yesterday. Many lines, quickly sold out, are to-day J
fr replaced by even better bargains. As an example of the great *
* money-saving opportunities now, we quote a few of the items: J
* Me-.'s 5 c Unl-^nndered Shirts . 3SC C ane's 25c Woo Hose. 16c X
fr JJ. 0 Monarch -.nd Lominster White Cran's __•.'• Vicuna Mm noHos** 12\iC ¥
fr Shirts 680 Cr.me'3 21c Bi»ck Cot'on Horn.. lOc ¥
» C-aie's 2Sc Neckwear r SoC--i-e'.- 50c Wooi Foot *ss Bicycle *
*>5 ■ Sum-er-weig-V p nkorb Shir 8 HOSO 29 C *
* and Drawers 19c C an.'s -sl 0 Boys' Sweaters .... *
Jsc Bu R-bbed Heavy Ba :rg an Un- . _ 65c J
J ■ derwear - 38c Crrne'sl'»c Colorad Bo ncr Handker- Z
a 50c Vkuna Mnino Under wear chiefs .Be Z
fr 38c l Etc, Etc. «
fr
?>^ w <^^ w >« w «^.« w^^_ t< >_ t _ ><M a
BANQUET TO THE CHIEF.
An Adieu Dinner to the Supreme
Chief Companion, Foresters j
of America. j
Last evening Mrs. Sarah Story, Su- ;
preme Chief Companion of the Com- ;
panions of the Fores*, who is to return to J
her home in Philadelphia to-morrow, was
the guest of honor at a banquet given to !
her in a downtown restaurant. There were
present Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Flora Jacobs. Grand Financial Secretary !
Miss Agnes D. Bremen. Grand Treasurer i
Miss A. Ttcoulet. Grand Recording Secre- j
tary Mrs. L. Atwood. Grand Trustees Mrs. j
R. Kemp Van Ec and Mrs. A. Davis. Jno.
J Cordy. grand secretary of the Foresters
of America and member of Excelsior Cir
cle* Past Grand Chief Companions Mrs.
E. 'Harrington and Mrs. M A. Duke.
Deputies Mrs. Wishman and Mrs. Welsel.
and a number of members of local and
Oakland circles. After a fine menu had
been discussed a number of toasts were
offered and responded to by those whose
names have been given, and they were ex- .
pressed at the close wishes for a pleasant
journey and safe return home to the dis- :
tinguished guest.
... . ■ m »
Three Foreclosure Suits.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
filed suits yesterday against Catherine
Kelvey to foreclose a mortgage of {MM
on a lot on Valencia street. 252:6 feet
northerly from Sixteenth street: against
S R. Krouse to foreclose for $3500 on two
lots, one on Howard street. 162 feet north
erly from Fourteenth street: the other on
Sixteenth street. 37 feet easterly from
Guerrero: and against Ellen Klely to fore
close for $2000 on a lot on Frederick
street, near Ashbury.
_■ m •
New Guatemalan Consul.
Information was received in this city
yesterday from private sources that Man
uel Morales Saenz had been appointed
Consul at this port for the republic of
Guatemala. He will start for San Fran
cisco in a few days.
§ THOUSANDS OF CURES I
* .-*»'" vVb Evidence of the wonderful curative *
-*»• ■>. Evidence of the wonderful rural re
i'fy'f' ff X power of Dr. Pierces famous Electric *
<s» f% <\ » Belts and Trusses continues to arrive <?»
i t^ "^O from all parts of the country. *
Vfi te. £? f§| ■it GIVES HIM STRENGTH. $
* fit *^ ■ \ __\ Mr. L. D. Butt, proprietor Colony Nursery of w
'« V - /-yMfLjB Penrvn. Cal.. writes to us on July IS, IS3S: "I T
* M -^ have one of your No. - Chain Belts. -which is ff
<*>...• 7 y; \ ; : '£* '***lfc^f now partly worn out. I cannot get along with- j*
* S . for- u.^'ifsJ^S -^. 00 1 it. Have not felt so well in years: do any -
* " 'Zz&'aSS • i-'^^S \*\. amount of hard work and do not feel worn *
* i^^^V^^L v b-VV^iffl^^' It is true that there are other trusses '*
<•> r; ' m f^.^l^LriStWM^:.. and belts-so-called "Electric"— offered *
* t\\¥%\\W^MraW» fo r -- ale In various parts of the country. *
** V wvCb X^\^\^^__SbSh_SBKl^j : some very cheap and some very expcn- *
*'•-' wMw^W^«N^KHaM«lf ':":'. sfve: but. briefly stated, the fact remains ; .
'* V\b YbN\V- «* bx^l**« , \; ;; '_ now as it has during the past twenty A
* . *" \Mfe; :f§Bs?Sf!j§ft]2y years: If you want the BEST you must £
2 '•■ : V^Xl^^ Wi have "DR. PIERCES. : „,„"""•'*
•£ •>•>. *« Send 2 cents In stamps for our ILLL&- «*.
* DR. PIERCE, Inventor. TRATED PAMPHLET, or call at office. *
t PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, |
% 620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco, Cal. .*
THE EMPOBIUM.
MRS. LUNGS CONDUCT.
Depositions on the Point Cause
Lengthy Argument Between
Counsel.
The reading of the many depositions
occupied the day during the trial of the
action of Dr. George A. Lung, surgeon of
the Philadelphia, against his wife, Eliza
beth, yesterday. W. H. Humphreys*
deposition was read,, but as the instru
ment, in which the conduct of Mrs. Lung
Is classified as extremely unladylike,
failed to show how the deponent obtained
his knowledge, it was objected to and a
long argument resulted. Judge Murasky
took the matter under advisement and a
decision will be rendered to-day. Other
depositions, heretofore published, were
read, and shortly after 4 o'clock an ad
journment was taken. Dr. Lung remained
behind until after his wife had left the
building, and then, accompanied by his
counsel, went to the hotel.
No mention of the assault made by Mrs.
Lung upon Detective True was made and.
A3 far as the case is concerned, the in
cident has been dropped.
Fortieth District Democrats.
Bear Club Hall, on Fillmore and Post
streets, contained quite a respectable col
lection of Democrats at a meeting last
night. In the absence of President Bien
enfeid. D. J. Gordon occupied the seat of
honor and called the club to order. The
gathering represented what is wed "the
consolidated Democratic clubs of the For
tieth District." and as such brought out
the better element of the Western Addi
tion members of the party. Addresses
were made by George H. Cabaniss. who
led off with a well worded and well de
livered speech on the coming issues. He
was followed by J. J. Barrett. M. < '. Has
sett. Sydney Van Wyck and Ed Rock, all
of whom were well received.
» • .
During one year 9M vessels entered the
port of Buenos Ayres. 'yfyy'ff
56
TUESDAY....; JULY 18, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. |H^H!^H!lll^
PLBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROO.MS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILT CALL Occluding Sunday Call), one year f6.o<
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILT CALL .including Sunday Call), S months 1.50
DAILT CALL— By Single Month .- 65c
SUNDAY CALL One Tear 1.50
"WEEKLY CALL One Tear •• J-00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORtfcORRESPONDENTi
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breatano, Jl Talon Square;
Murray Hill Ho-.el.
WASHINGTON (D. C.x OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. 'ENGLISH. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty- j
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- .
AMUSEMENTS.
Mgy."
•The Dancing Girl."
Orpheum
ette."
Chutes Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Inter.nf.te Panorama Co.. Market etreet. near Eighth— Bat-
_, _ _ _ , T-,__.
tie ci Mar.:'.a Bay.
Sutro llaths— Swimming- Races, etc. \
Mechanics' Pavilion— Cake '■' .----- to-night.
AUCTION SALES.
By 5 Watkins — Thursday. July 20, Horses, at 310 Golden
Gate avenue. ____________-_-___-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_____-_-_-_-_-_-_-__-_-__
____*^^3^ssi___. -"
THE PHILIPPINES NOT WANTED.
A SIGNIFICANT incident took place at the
A Orpheum on the nieht oi the reception given tc
* ■ the Oregon volunteers. The programme of the
entertainment included an evening at the theater, and
..... ,
400 of the volunteers were provided with seats at the
Orpheum. The number, it will be seen, was sutn
cientlv large to thoroughly represent the sentiment ot
the regiment. That is the fact which gives signih
cance to what occurred.
During the evening one of the performers. Oeorge
West, me upon the stage to deliver a speech upon
topics of the day. He began by asking: "Do we want
•the Philippines?'' Instantly from tiie volunteers the
response went back. "No." If there were any affirm
ative voices they were so few they were lost in the
volume of sound of that emphatic negative— a nega
tne made doubly impressive by the tact that the vol
unteers rose to their feet to give it force.
"Do we want the Philippines?" That is the ques
tion which persons who have not had time or oppor
tunity to study the issue fully are asking all over the
United States. "No." That is the answer which the
volunteers, who have had experience in the islands,
give in response to the question.
The Oregon volunteers are representative of the
truest American manhood. They are not among
those who give their country lip service only. When
the war with Spain broke out they offered to the re
public their strength, their valor and their lives. They
left their homes to go wherever the service of the
ration needed them. They were sent to the Philip
pines, and there they proved themselves faithful to
every duty and loyal to everj- trust. No one dare ac
cuse them of being weaklings or false to the true
grandeur of the republic. They speak with the
authority ot men who have attested their patriotism
by the arduous proofs of service at the front, and the
voice of their patriotism declares "we do not want the
Philippines."
SAN FRANCISCO AND THE STATE FAIR
BEING the metropolitan county of the State, San ;
Francisco is bound by "many obligations to give
liberal and potent aid I 3 every- undertaking de
signed for the general good of the commonwealth. It,
therefore, behooves her manufacturers, her merchants
and her citizens generally to co-operate with the State
Board of Agriculture in the effort to make the annual |
State Fair a comprehensive exposition of all the in
dustries of the State.
The board is makir.i. extraordinary efforts for the '
'. . . '. 7 ' T , ' « i_
fair o: this year. It has ta-cen steps to arouse tne va
rktus counties of the State to a realization of their in
terests in the matter, has appealed to the granges and
agricultural societies, and. finally, has urged the cities
and manufacturing industries to co-operate in the j
wcrk. Such efforts are bound to produce great re- .
suits, and San Francisco, for her own good if not for
that cf the State at larce. should provide for a notably
extensive exhibit of the work oi her industry.
It is crst::vins_; ... tnat the merchants ot Sacra
mento have become warmly interested in the move
ment to make the exposition of the year thoroughly
tepresentative of the whole State. It is now well as
sured they will render material assistance in making
the fair attractive to visitors from all parts of the
State, and, as a consequence, tne attendance will un
doubtedly be larger than ever before.
San Francisco should be represented by the best
and largest exhibit at the exposition. It is to her in
terest that such should be the case. It is time, there
fore, that steps were taken to accomplish that result.
Last week The Call published an interview with a
returned Oregon volunteer officer in which it was
made clear that the true situation in the Philippines
was being hidden from the eyes of the American peo
ple. Now comes a round robin from the press cor
respondents at Manila confirming that interview. The
Call's local contemporaries are busy getting into the
line marked out for them by this paper. All of which
reminds us that, if you see it in The Cali. it's so; if
you see it in the other papers it's only so so.
Indians throughout the Territory are ghost-dancing
to beat the band, notwithstanding the efforts of I pa
ternal Government to prevent the practice. Some
body will soon have to pay the piper.
FAITHFUL TO THEIR PLEDGES
THE Supervisors have now completed their work
as a Board of Equalization, and the results are
before the public, to be judged on their merits.
All that the people desired and justice calls for has
not been done, but none the less sufficient has been
| accomplished to afford ground for more satisfaction
! than has been derived from the work of any previous
! Board of Supervisors within the memory of this gene
; ration.
The issue before the Equalizers was raised by the
I assessments made by Assessor Dodge, These were
; found to be unfair and inequitable, inasmuch as the
i property of many smal. holders had been assessed too
; high and that of the larger corporations, such as the
street railway companies. Spring Valley Water Com
; pany, the Telephone Company and Wells-Fargo Com
' pany, had been assessed too low.
In view of the importance of the issue and the com
plexity of the problems involved, the Republican
members of the board sought to obtain ten days more
: time for equalization. Their efforts in that direction
were defeated by the dilatory tactics of the Demo- j
cratic minority. They were therefore compelled to
complete the work yesterday and to do the best that
was possible within the time allowed.
That much of explanation is due to enable the pub
lic to understand why there has been shortcoming in
the work of equalization, and to fix the blame upon
the parties who are responsible for it.
The results on the whole are good. A considerable
number of reductions were made in the case of small
property-holders whose assessments had been fixed
too high by Assessor Dodge. The assessment of the
Mark Street Railway Company was raised $600,000,
and that of the Oakland Water Company $100,000,,
over the estimates of the Assessor. . Efforts to raise
the assessments of the Sutter Street Railway Com
pany, the Telephone Company, Wells-Fargo Com- '■
pany and others were defeated by the means we have
stated. The people, therefore, have the satisfaction
of seeing that much has been done toward an 'honest j
equalization of property for taxation, and of knowing
who is to blame for the failure to accomplish more.
By the record thus made as a Board of Equaliza- ;
tion the Supervisors have once more demonstrated a
fidelity to their campaign pledges and to the true in
terests of the public, which has been, unfortunately,
rare in the history of San Francisco politics. In sev- !
eral instances the loyalty of the board in this way has !
been maintained against such opposition as to deserve
to be recalled to public attention.
Briefly stated, the board has kept its pledge to reduce ,
water rates and gas rates both for the city and the pri- j
vate consumer; it defeated the scheme of the Market [
Street Railway to grab franchises that would have in
flicted a wrong upon the community; it has closed,
Ingleside Park and rid the community of the scan
dal, the disgrace and the ruin that attended the opera
tion of that gambling racetrack; it has now made a
more equitable equalization of taxable property than
ever before known in the city, and against the oppo
sition of a thousand adverse forces has held firmly to
the pledge to keep the rate ot taxation within the dol
lar limit on a valuation of $350,000,000.
For these good results tne people 01 San Francisco
are indebted directly to the majority of the Super
visors themselves, but indirectly to the Republican
pany, which nominated them, elected them and has
upheld them in the performance of their du£\ The
record is ... of which the party can be proud.
Two years ago Mayor Phelan was given permission
to select a ticket of Supervisors for the Democratic
oartv. and by reason of popular confidence in him a
majority ot the ticket was elected. The results were
disastrous to every* interest Of tne municipality. ihe
record of the Phelan Board or Supervisors was about
•" ■ ' 1 -T_ _" ; 'J /,r '-_.__ ' '
the worst in our annals. It was permeated with cor
ruption. and it perpetrated almost every* lorm 01 dis
honest lobberv known to politics. The people profited
by the lesson, and at the late election ten Republican
Supervisors were chosen and but two Democrats.
The results are now before the people. They speak
for themselves. The board has kept its pledges faith
fully so far. and it is safe to say will continue to do so.
If the dollar limit be not maintained when the tax ■
lew is finally disposed of it will be only because the j
men who asked the pledge come forward and request
in the interest of the municipality that it be set aside
to whatever extent may be necessary for the general
welfare.
Thus far, at any rate, the Republicans of the board
have been true to a. their obligations and merit from j
the people the commendation, '"Good and faithful
* * • 1
sen-ants, well done."
THE VflN WYCK COLLAPSE.
WHEN the Democratic National Committee
holds tne meeting arranged :or Thursday at
Chicago it is probable that above the racket |
of the Windy City there will be heard the sound uf j
something failing from a great height into the mud. |
It will be the Van Wyck Presidential boom, and the
men who let it drop will be representatives of Tarn- ;
many Hall.
It will be remembered that Augustus Van Wyck j
gave up, at the instigation of Tammany, a judicial
office for which he was well fitted and with which he
was weli satisfied to lead a forlorn hope in the State
campaign against Roosevelt. It was stated at the
time that in consideration for the sacrifice Tammany
would support Van Wyck as the candidate oi New
York for the Presidential nomination in iooo. It now
appears that Tammany has grown weary of the bar
gain. A slight attempt was made to launch the Van j
Wyck boom in Tammany Hai! on the Fourth of July,
but the braves received in silence the presentation of
his name, and then, to make the rejection more pro
nounced, burst into long and loud cheering at the j
-
Tammany, it seems, has shed no tears over the col- j
lapse of the boom. The chiefs have a decided prefer
ence for Gorman, and were no doubt very- we:! pleased
when the Kings County man was sidetracked at the
Fourth of July meeting. It is now announced they
have made up their minds to abandon him altogether.
and when the Democratic National Committee meets
j notice will be given that New York will have no can
didate for the Presidency to present to the National
ar.
It will be easy, of course, to drop Van Wyck. but
\ anerward it will not be easy for those who drop him
. tc resume harmonious relations with the Democracy
of Brooklyn, for the Democrats of that borough have
; a good deal of pride in their local man and consider
him entitled to some consideration for the fight he
: made in the last campaign. Thus the anti-Bryan
j forces are menaced with a faction fight in their camp
; at a time when they need the utmost unity of effort
to ac.
The situation affords another illustration of the
\ confusion prevailing in the conservative wing. of the
; Democratic party by reason of a lack of able leader
! ship. If they could agree among themselves to back
Gorman something might be accomplished, for the
ability of the Marylar.cer as a leader and as an or
j ganirer is not to be disputed. With a division in
i New York itself, however, between the supporters of
•■?"?; 'ff-'yr fy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY IS, 1899.
Gorman and the friends of Van Wyck, the outlook
is not promising. Bryan can hardly wish the camp
of his opponents to be in a worse condition than it is.
OUR CONSULAR SERVICE.
■
SO much in the way of criticism and fault-finding
has been said of late concerning our consular
! service it is gratifying to find one man who
{ speaks with some authority on the subject, pointing
out the brighter side and commending the Consuls
i generally for the efficiency of their work in promot-
I ing our commercial interests.
William Harper, who as a representative of the
j Philadelphia Commercial Museum, has made an ex
tensive tour through South America, Australia, Asia,
: Africa and Europe collecting exhibits for the
museum, has now reached London on his way home,
i and in the course of an interview in that city has cx
i pressed a high degree of satisfaction at the consular
service as he found it to be in his many relations
with it.
In the course of his conversation Mr. Harper is
quoted as saying: "In my journeyings I have given
the consular service considerable study, and my con
clusions are that while the longer tenure of office of
British Consuls enables them to become better lin
guists and diplomats than our own, they are often
lacking in business qualifications. As commercial
missionaries I believe the Americans are the more
efficient. Many of them are doing great work to
ward the development of the market for American
goods in the countries where they are stationed."
Of course, such commendation does not imply that
an improvement might not be made in the service by
removing its offices from the spoils of politics. It not 1
infrequently happens under our system that when a
faithful and energetic Consul has acquired a sufficient
knowledge of the opportunities for American trade in
the country where he is stationed to enable him to
apply his energies with efficiency, he is removed to
make way for the appointee of a new administration.
That evil, however, has been pointed out so often an
exaggerated importance has been given to it. At any
rate our foreign trade has been increasing rapidly,
and there can be no question but what reports of our
Consuls have been a valuable aid in promoting it. It
is only fair that we should give credit where it is due,
and the testimony of Mr. Harper concerning the
commercial zeal of the Consuls deserves a careful
consideration throughout the country.
O CCORDING to a recent dispatch from Europe
j\ the Russian Minister of Railways has made an
* " official announcement that when the trans-
Siberian railway is completed it will be possible to
make a trip around the globe in thirty-three days.
The Minister's estimate of time required for the dif
ferent stages of the journey is given as follows:
* Days.
From St. Petersburg to Vladivostok 10
From Vladivostok to San Francisco 10
From San Francisco to New York >. 4*-_s
From New York to Bremen '
From Bremen to St. Petersburg 1%
Total 33
When Jules Verne wrote his famous romance,
"Around the World in Eighty Days," he gave what
was supposed by the people of that time an al
most impossible task to his hero, Phileas Fogg. In
i§73» the date ii the romance, it needed a vigorous
imagination to devise means by which the trip could
be accomplished. It will be remembered that it cost
Fogg something like $100,000 to in his bet. In a
comparatively few years, however, improved railway
facilities and swifter steamers rendered it possible for
Nellie Bly to make the trip in sixty-four and a half
days. That record could now be beaten if any one
would pay for railway specials to accomplish it.
Such being the rapid development of around the
world transportation in the last few years it is prob
able that by 1904, the time the trans-Siberian road is
expected to be open, the speed of steamers and of
railway trains will be so much greater than now the
journey can be made in much less time than the Rus
sian Minister estimates.
When Jules Verne calculated the time for his ro
mance he allowed seven days for the journey from
San Francisco to New York. The Russian estimates
four and a half days for the same trip. Special trains
have already made the run in less time than that, and
by 1904 it is probable the regular trains will make it
inside of four days. The trans-Siberian trains also
may traverse the distance across Northern Asia much
more quickly than the Minister now estimates, and
of course swifter steamers on each of the great oceans
will lessen the lime required for the ferry from one
railroad to another. Thus when the big Russian en
terprise is completed the time required to circle the
globe may be almost a week less than that which is
now announced as something wonderful to come.
OUR PROSPEROUS RAILROADS
rROM a summary, just made public, of railway
statistics for the year IS9S, compiled by the In
terstate Commerce Commission, it appears the
year was one of extraordinary activity in railroad
circles and of corresponding prosperity.
The most notable feature of the report is the show
ing made of the increase of mileage. It appears th.-.-.
during the year ending June 30, IS9S, there were con
structed 40SS miles of railway, bringing the total mile
age for that date up to the enormous amount of
247.532 miles. Xo better evidence could be given of
the general prosperity and increasing business of the
roads, for without such encouragement there would
not have been such an extensive construction of new
roads or development of existing ones.
Evidence of prosperity, however, is shown in
other ways than in that of extended mileage. Dm
the year only eleven roads went into the hands of
receivers, while forty-five passed out of them. The
mileage of roads in receivers' hands was reduced by
over 11,000 miles, and the decrease in the capital stock
of roads in such hands amounted, to 5_.21.0__7, 239.
Other statistics given in the summary are equally
gratifying. The total number of passengers carried
was 501,066,681, an increase of 11,621 The total
number of tons of freight carried one mile, per mile
of line, was 617.810. which was greater by 98.731 than
the previous year. The gross earnings of the whole
mileage was $1,247,323,621, an increase of $125,235,
--848. An interesting feature is a wage soma - com
piled from over 99 per cent of the total employes.
There were paid in wages $493,035,618, an increase
for the year of $29-154.037. This sum represented
60.52 per cent of the total 9perating expenses.
It is to be regretted that these reports cannot be
made more promptly. Statistics for the year ending
June 30. 1898. published for the first time in July,
is99..seem like back numbers in the rush of American
life, and can hardly interest the average citizen. It
is to be borne in mind, however, that it is difficult
to obtain information from railway companies.
When required to furnish information for the public
their officials are slower than freight •- as. If the
people desire prompter responses and more accurate
j reports Congress will have tog more power to the
: Interstate Commerce Commission.
I .
AROUND THE WORLD.
WILL GENERAL WHEELER EXPLAIN?
Editor Call: Will General Wheeler please explain and justify himself
to a large number of all classes of citizens of California how he, in the
face of the fact that he fought nobly and well for four years and thcee
months in defense of his home and fireside, can now anxiously ana
cheerfully go down to the Philippines to kill and blow off the earth men,
women and suckling babes who are fighting in defense of their homes
and firesides and are actually dying daily in the operation? Come,
General, square the circle and explain yourself if you have any explana-
tion. GRAND ARMY VETERAN*.
• San Francisco, July 17. 1599.
AROUND THE '
CORRIDORS
W. D. Duke is at the California from
Silver Lake. Oregon.
G. W. Hale, a wealthy mine owner of
Sonora, is staying at the Lick.
L. T. Gaensey of Rialto is at the Cali
fornia, accompanied by his wife.
J. B. Lankershim, a well-known capital
ist of Los Angeles, is a guest at the Pal
ace.
Mrs. Dr. H. C. Wells of Portland, Or.,
Is at the Grand accompanied by her
daughter.
T. S. Phelps Jr., U. S. X.. is one of the
naval arrivals at the Palace who regis
tered yesterday.
Dr. R. M. Powers, prominently connect
ed with the San Diego Gas Company, is a
guest at the Palars.
John Singleton, a mining man of Rands
burg. has returned from a recent trip to
the East and is at the Palace.
Benjamin C. Truman, the Paris Commis-
Unique Suggestions for the Pan-American Exposition.
A GIGANTIC BUFFALO AND A WHALE THAT SWALLOWS BOATLOADS OF PEOPLE.
THE department of concessions of the ,
Pan-Ameriean'Exposition is now con- <
sidering what will be the dominant
feature of the Exposition to take the
place filled by the Ferris wheel at the
World's Fair and the Eiffel tower at
Paris. Two concessionaires have sub
mitted unique suggestions. The one most
likely to receive the greatest considera- '.
tion is a gigantic "buffalo." whose mon
strous shaggy head will rise 200 feet In I
sinner, hr.? come xi-p from Los Angeles and
is registered at the Occidental.
Professor George W. Jones of Ithaca. N.
V., and his brother, W. R. Jones of Hum
boldt, are both staying at the Grand.
Senator W. F. Prisk, proprietor of the
Grass Valley Union, is visiting this city
on business. He is at the Occidental.
Maximilien Llontel. President dv Tri
bunal Superieur. Papeete. Tahiti, 13 a
guest at the Lick, where he arrived yes
terday.
A. C. Rosendale. a prominent merchant
of Pacific Grove and J. M. Roberts, one of
the leading business men of Portland, Or.,
are both registered at the Grand.
Captain R. Stanley. Chief of Police nt
Dawson, is at tne Palace en route to his
northern home alter a visit to London and
the East- Captain Stanley is the owner of
some of the richest mining properties in
the territory over which he exercises con
trol.
General and Miss Wheeler, who are at
the Occidental, are spending their short
stay in San Francisco in a very quiet
manner. Though they have been the re
cipients cf numerous invitations to vari
ous social functions they have declined aH
saving a few coming from old personal
friends of the general. The general feels
that the long sea trip he is about to take
makes a rest necessary and Miss Wheeler
considers her place is by the side of her
father. Consequently they are doing as
little in the social line as possible.
+.s»—_ , $•> Scene: The ma
a m 1 terior of Rube
A TOUCHING Clark's gorgeous
__. ___, disne nsary of
TRAGEDY OF THE __«__«-; co_>-
TENDEBLOI.V. S__."* """'
! + . -Furniture:
+¥ ■ *"♦" Glasses and bot
tles, mirrors and bottles, a free lunch
counter with two cheese sandwiches, one
sardine and numerous other bottles.
Dramatis personae: Rube Clark and
an assistant behind bar. In front, poli
ticians and bottles, policemen and bottles,
reporters, men about town, two Salva
tion Army lasses, four hackdrivers. one
man looking for work, ten who are not.
and more bottles. Yellow dog asleep in
the corner with kis head resting on a
bottle (empty).
Time: When ail good people are in bed
and only members of the Late and Early
Club about. 77.'
(Enter weil-known police reporter from
center.)
» W. K. P. R-— Hello, Babe How are
they coming?
Rube— Oh. pretty particular. How's the
old Scannis Abco?
W. K. P. Way op in G and look
ing for a drink. - But a3 he never drinks
alone he will rattle you for the crowd.
Say. old man, I*ll tell you what I'll do-
I'll shake you to see whether you treat
the house or me. _
Rube — You're on.
(They shake and W. K. P. P.. gets the
worst of it-).-. -'.•':■ .-I^'V-T**;;' --rff'y,'^
Rube— He's cone dead easy. He.lo,
everybody come up and make your tittle
. talk! .---J'f
lEv^ry one responds with alacrity.
i Every one's glass is filled. Every one s
l glass is as promptly emptied-!
W. K. P. R- (wiping his mouth with
' an air of satisfaction and an embroid
| ered iace handkerchief)— Well, good night,
i boys. I've got to hurry.
Rube — Hold en. Where's the dough for
I the drinks?
W. K. P. R.— What drinks?
Rub* — The ones I just stack you for.
W. K. P. Ton didn't stick me for
I any drinks. I said I would shake you ta
I see whether you treated the house or me.
i If on ay losinc you decided to invite the
j rest as "well, it Is none of my business.
5
■■•■ tried exit of W. K. P. ?. General
1 lauzh by entire company. Curtain falls
! with a general look of satisfaction on
1 faces of entire cast with the exception of
i Rube, who is being removed in a coma
tose state on a stretcher by two strong
men.)
CAXIXOBJTLAXS IX NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July '-- —'-- D. Wooster of
Los Angeles is at the Bartholdl. Henry
Bowling of San Francisco is at the Marl
borough. Thomas R. McAneeny of San
Francisco is at Martins. Hugo Schwartz
of Los Angeles is at the Vendome.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GREAT POETS— A Reader. Browns
ville, Cal: The following named are called
great poets of the present time: Rudyard
Kipling. Edward Arnold, Algernon Swin
burne and Alfred Austin (poet laureate).
THE CENTURY— G. V.. Elk Creek, Cal.
The next century will commence on the
Ist day of January, 1901. It takes a hun
dred years to make a century, and tne
present one will close with the last year
of the hundred, which is 1900.
PROBLEMS— F. 8., Sausalito. Cal. It
is a rule of this department not to answer
questions in arithmetic nor problems, and
for that reason it respectfully declines to
find the base of a right angle triangle and
perpendicular.
STILL IN THE GUARD— H. G. A..
Bloomfleld, Cal. Those companies of the
the air.
It is designed to place in that part of I
the animal where his brains ought to be j
a magnificently appointed restaurant and
to have in the body of the brute a vaude
ville theater, having a seating capacity !
of two thousand. "winding staircases are
to be erected in two of the legs, and in |
the other two electric elevators will make ;
continual trips.
The other idea suggested was for the !
construction of a '•Jonah" theater, a i
mammoth whale of iron and steel, which 1
several regiments of the National Guard
which did not enter tip volunteer army
during the late war with Spain are still
a part of the National Guard of the
State, as they never were out of it.
POKER DICE— O. S.. City. In poker dice
three deuces and two aces beat three aces
and two sixes, for the reason, while six i 3
: high and ace is low, three of a kind are
i better than two sixes and three deuces
i are higher than three aces. J
FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR-W. C. S.,
Harbor View. City. The Franco-Prussian
war terminated upon the signing and rati
fication of the treaty of peace. It was
signed at Frankfort May 10. 1871, and was
ratified by the French National Assembly
on the lith at the same month.
CORONER AND ' GOVERNOR— Two
Readers. City. The vote for Coroner in
San Francisco November S, IS2S. was:
Hawk 15>~; Hill, 15.531; O'Donneil.
16.5<_3. For Governor the vote was: Gage.
25_215; Maeuire. 24.632: Harriman (S'jc-.dl
Labor), 12& S. and McComas (Prohibition..,
m. , .-*..- _
POSTAL CARD-J. G. V.. City. There
is no such thing known to the postal au
thorities as an "illustrated postal card." !
There are cards that are illustrated with
views, which are called souvenir cards, :
and these can be sent to Germany or any
point in the postal union by the placing
thereon of a 2-cent stariip. t
PLAYING BALL— J. G. V.. City. Yes.
it is wrong for boys to play handball on I
= public sidewalk. There is an ordinance j
cf this city which declares that it is a j
misdemeanor t or any one "to play at oi I
participate In any game of ball in any of !
the public streets of this city and county."
and as a sidewalk is a part of a thorough
fare the ordinance applies.
WELL-EQUIPPED BURGLAR.
■~* : ' : ..'-*. t%- " -*■ »*v ■ '
Charles H. Jackson Captured With a
Quantity of Stolen Goods in
His Possession.
The lodging-house &*S Mission street had
; been visited by a sneak thief several times
within the past two weeks, and a careful
watch was kept for strangers who en
tered. Yesterday morning about I o'clock
t Mrs. Julia Sullivan, the landlady, saw a
I man coming out of the room of John Don
[ ovan. an employe in the Street Depart -
I ment, and she at once called for help.
The man ran, pursued by Mrs. Sullivan.
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
Ln ptnF\ Mancfactnre- of B-it'-j .ni
I. IJtUE.I, La^ Leather. 105-107 Mis- \
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO.LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS. |
W. J. BRADT. Prcprtetor.
Ep«cta- Acicr.uu- Paid to Repairs aad =__.;
Wert.
GSc« arc Woris— ll3-115 MISS.,.*' ST.
* .- - Tf:.:ic_; iii.:- i-HJ.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
IHESASFEAHCISC: HEWS :jIPANT.
342 to 250 O.i:, Street. Afcoee PoweE.
Periodicals, Books and Station
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSdN & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
7*i*p__c;_e _____ lit*.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Sept. H. BLTTH. Mir.
C. "* Smith. Ship P7-. — tiaj. Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and IS
"hash-acton St Telephone. Main 564 L
and her cries were heard by a pedestrian,
I h„ An to Powell and Fifth streets and
notified Policemen Chappelle and Harri
dan who were Standing there.. They raw
£_.£•« Fifth street and met the burgle,
d( .r h hE arm full of plunder. .He started
tT, run but™ soon overhauled." He nad
stolen a valise full of clothing, some books
and underwear to the City prison he gave
his name Charles H. Jackson. When
searched a complete outfit of burglar
searcneu a *- possession, includ
n^ about f lWskeleton P keys three cold
ing aooui f-™ chisels, a jimmy and a
hatchet l When questioned by Captain
hatcnet. v* "V mI A ed t hat he had served
Seymour he admuteatr Salem G r..
Kld^afch and chain were found among
the stolen clothing.
"ACTIVE CERV.'CE."
In next Sunday's Call there will
begin Stephen Crane's latest and
most thrilling serial story. This
novelette has been secured exclu
sively for the readers of The Sun
day Call, and it is anticipated that
its appearance will be a matter of
more than passing interest^ for "Ac
tive Service" is one of Mr. Cranes
strongest stories. It is a love ro
mance dealing with typical men and
women of to-day.
JUSTIFIED IN SHOOTING.
The Charge of Assault to Murder
Against Mrs. Lizzie Mack Is
Dismissed.
Judge Treadwell decided yesterday that
Mrs. Lizzie Mack was justified in firing
: is to lie anchored in shallow water near
the banks of Exposition. Ferry boats
will ply between the shore of Scajaquada
Creek and the mouth of the great whale.
Passengers will be permitted to walk
down the whale's tongue to a room where
.all will be light and cool and cheerful.
On a stage a vaudeville company will
give continuous performances.
-•- -."T -V - - - • . -
; four shots from a revolver at Neil Bonner
I Sunday night, and expressed his disgust
: that her aim was so bad. The charge
! of assault to murder against her was dis
! missed and Bonner was convicted on the
! charge of battery and wiil be sentenced
to-day.
The evidence showed that Bonner at
tempted to force an entrance into her
home at Illinois and Seventeenth streets,
and hearing the noise she opened the door.
Bonner aimed a vicious blow at her but
it feil short, and she immediately opened
fire upon him. as she had armed herself
with a revolver, expecting trouble. None
of the shots took effect.
The police clva Bonner a bad name. He
had been arrested on numerous occasions,
and recently because Mrs. Mack's hus
band is out of the city he has been pes
tering her with his attentions.
Drummers Net Licensed.
The United States Circuit Court handed
down a decision yesterday in the case of
F. W. Tinsman on habeas corpus from
the Sausalito jail. Tinsman was agent for
a Chicago firm in soliciting orders for
enlarging portraits. He was convicted by
a Sausalito Solomon of doing business
without a license.
The court held that the ordinance un
der which Tinsman was convicted is un
constitutional because it is in conflict with
the provision of the United States con
stitution relating to commerce among the
several States..
Sudden Death of Emil Reuline.
Emil Reuline. a bachelor residing at the
corner of Twenty-fourth and Florida
streets, fell dead yesterday afternoon at
the corner of Sixteenth and Mission
streets. The uody was taken to th*>
Morgue and an inquest will be held_
Heart disease is believed to have been the
cause of death.
» • ■
Cal.gia:- fruit SOc per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'*). £13 Mont
gomery street- Telephone Main 10i__. •
Santa Cruz Loses.
Judgment was given in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday in favor of
the plaintiff, 'n the suit of A- Brandt
aerainst the city of Santa Cruz for the
value cf two water bonds aggregating
12503. _. •♦ «
Angostura Bitters is indorsed by le£_S!sg
physicians far purity and wholescmeaesa G«t
the gtstahx — Dr. Siegert'a.
I FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
| JAS EOYES & CO,,J^^^g
HARDWARE-
PALACE Hardware Col. I_r.pcrter» aad rw..
IT «ra ■- »__.-«. »» Market; M_____?7«:
IRON FOUNDERS.
*">«♦-— Foundry Morton & Hed!-y. p.„,
134 Fremont St. Castings o! Eeer ? D».
• scription Mads to Order. TeL is* 1535.
PAPER DEALERS.
] - WILLAMETTE *&-* AND paper ca.
j HILLMmtI IL -722 Montgomery St-*e-.
PRINTINO.
1 E- C HUGHES,,,
j THE HOS: JL'DD CO.. t i^^^~
\ STATIONFR ANS PRINTER.
r el £g^PARTRIDGE S__g£
Wtt_T__i ASH STEAM COAL,
I Mined Xj t£a
BLACK DIAMOND -AL MINING ~Q. __t i->
GEEE.S RIVER CO I __.?___£* ""
.1 UM lice. -c*. ia -ji* Maraat.
I Otfic* a-_d Ti.-___— ii. v.;. 3-_-»_«.■j;- Trial Race Between
* Shamrock and Britannia
MAXINE TAKES
A PURSE EVENT
AT BRIGHTON
Goes to the Post at
Odds On.
— * —
HOME A LENGTH IN FRONT
— ♦ —
LACKLAND RUNS SECOND AND I
FOEMERO THIRD.
— -♦
Salinda Dumps the Taient at St. j
Louis by Winning at Odds of
One Hundred to
One.
♦
N'E*.V TORK. July IT.— card of sis I
ever-night races attracted only a small I
ttlendance at the Brighton Bepch race j
track to-day. The fourth race was orip- ;
Inally the feature of the card, but the j
heavy track caused the withdrawal of |
GlOrlan and Merry Prince. Maxirie. the
winner of the Burns handicap in Califor- ,
nia; was made an odds-on favorite ar.d
'.yon by a length. Results:
Six furlonpe Avenstoke won. Bier Gun sec
r;-,1, Frelinghuysen third. Time. 1:16*2-.'..
Five furlongs— Oread won. Hor I.v'vship sec
c-.id. The Amazon third. Time. 1:02 4-7,.
Five furlongs. i_eli:nfr— Halo won. Touralns
second. Emtgrre thinl. Time. 1:02.
One and a sixteenth miles— Max Ine won,
Lackland second, Formero third. Time. 1:7*0.
Five ar.d a half furlongs— Mail Ba_ won. j
Tabouret second. Blarr.eystcne third. Time, i
One mile, sell' r.c— H?rd Knot won. Great
land second Hare Perfume third. Time.
?T. LOUIS. July 17. -The weather brought
outla good crowd to the fair grounds to-day.
Salinda. a 100 to 1 shot, won In the second j
event by two lengths. Results:
Peliing. six furlongs— Lake Fonso won. Kath- ;
trine D s-cond. Logan Mulhali third. Time. I
1:18*4- ' "- I
Selling, six furlongs— Salinda won, Barriso
second. Randazzo third. Time. 1:18*4.
Selling, mile and seventy yards — Chimura '
won. Etldorpha second, Friesland third. Time,
1:49*4.
Sellinc. six ■.."■■ I net won. Loving
Cup seoond. Mitchell third. Tlmr. 1:1614:
Handicap, one mile— Gaston won. Sir Rolla :
tecond, Be True third. Time. 1:45.
Two-year-olds, five and a half furlongs— Sue
Johnson won. Sir Kingston second, Dissolute j
CHICAGO. July 17.— Following are the re- :
suits at Hawthorne to-day. Weather cloudy: j
Six furloncs— Fllte won. Barrack second. De-
Six furlongs— Tappan'won, Little Jack Home* l
second. Ruskin third. Time. I:l9<*.
One and an eiehth miles— Brigade won, .
Bonev Boy second. Branch third. Time. 2:00.
One and a sixteenth miles— Hardly won. .
Samovar second. Elidad third. Time. 1:53. 1
Six furlor.es— Sim TV won. Racl second, j
Marat third. Time. I:l7**. .
One mile- Pat Garrett won. Limewater sec
ond. Martha Fox third. Time. IMS'*. 71 t
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks, j i
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Pest st.
HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXERS WILL MEET
BEFORE NATIONAL ATHLETIC CLUB
Jeffords, Whom Jeffries
Would Not Meet,
Has Found an
Opponent.
— • —
THE officials of the National Ath
letic Club have two bouts arranged
for their exhibition m Thursday
night at Woodward's Pavilion
which should catch the fancy of the
men who enjoy a rattling boxing
match. George Green and Charley Goff
will mix skill with hard bitting, while
Jeffords and Jones, the two "J's," will
trust to strength alone to win for
them. "Many of the sporting men are
ardent supporters of Goff after seeing
him perform with Franey recently.
Franey was smaller in stature than
any man with whom Goff had been
boxing during training. For this rea
son Billy Madder.'s big protege missed
many times with his right before he
finally found the mark at which he had
been aiming.
He will find in Green a much harder
TRIAL RACE
OF SHAMROCK
AND BRITANNIA
Yachts Will Compete
To-Day.
— • —
CHALLENGER TRIES NEW SAIL
— ♦ —
! TAKES ANOTHER SPIN IN
SOUTHAMPTON WATERS.
; Appears to Travel Freer and Splash
the Water Less Than She Did
in Her Former
Runs.
«
.le to The Call and the New Y.-rk
Herald Copyrighted. 18S9, by James Gor
_.<n Bennett.
SOUTHAMPTON. July 17.— Early this
i morning: the Shamrock unbent her
■■ mainsail and tried a new one. Having
done this, .-ho proeeeeded down South
ampton waters with a moderate breeze
from the east. She made a straight
reach over to Cowes, carrying jib-head
ed topsail, foresails and mainsail. Her
arrival 8* Cowes caused great delight
to a part} of seven Americans who
were lunching at Gloster Hotel. Go-
I ins? about, the Shamrock made a hard
] beat of it to Ryde, coming back on a
clear, run, with her glorious-looking
snlnrak-r. which she boomed out for
the first time.
It sef mcd to nn> that she traveled
freer, ti-.at she splashed the water less
in her run to-day than in her former]
j skim. The wind had almost entirely ;
| died out by the time she returned.
At the same time the Britannia was |
i out, looking full of life. She and the ;
Shamrock parsed one another during
the spin. In comparison, there is no de- j
: nving that the Shamrock looks some- j
• what squat in the water and has not so]
much life.
At Ryde. where the famous Royal :
■ Victoria Yacht Club Is located, yachts- ]
'■ men were in a speculative humor. One j
a i cl :
'•You may be sure that tho Shamrock ■
■is a fast boat. I think she will be able :
to give the Britannia twenty-five min
utes on fifty miles. Of course, she is
wonderfully quick in stays, hut -. i
morrow's trial will net show anything.
I would not be surprised to see th« j
Britannia come in first."
Then he went on '"ask me if I
thought the Shamrock would meet with .
fair play on the other side. I am sorry j
to say that is a question too often ;
Having been out about three hours,
accompanied by the Erin, the Sham- I
rock returned to her berth, opposite I
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JULY 18, 1599.
Sports the Wide World Over
E. F SAGAR'S SLO P EDNA, WiNNER OF WALLACE TROPHY
THK annual race of California Yacht Club for the Wallace trophy was
won on Sunday for the second time by the sloop Edna. She finished 36
minutes ahead of het nearest competitor, the Embla. Last year she^ de
feated the same yacht by VI minutes, Her crew on Sunday consisted of Com
modore Car! Westerfeld. .1. Short, Frank Thompson and E. Schober.
Lythe. nnd the hands were ■' once put
at work unbending the mainsail and
substituting the one she used at first.
■Whether they w*er« not satisfied with
the ont- tried to-day or whether they
merely wished to give it an ail Ing, you
may judge for yourself.
Xow for the great point of all. To
morrow morning at five minutes before
middnv. urder The auspices of the
Royal Yacht Club of Ryde. a
gun will be fhfd. This will indicate the
start of the Shamrock and the Britan
nia 01 what wil! be known as the trial
race. Th rt probability is that the course
will be to the eastward. The rumor
about the Meteor • -kins part has been
exploded.
Trur.k" mt.v«l, ??«■: fr«t?ht '•' ' ' J r--.! Stjj
r.at Transfer Co . iSO Jones: let. Butter -.1.
opponent. He knows every trick of the
skilled boxer and can hit or take pun
ishment. Knowing he was to meet a
desperate fighter, Green has taken
more than the usual precautions in
conditioning himself. He has lived at
the ocean beach and has boxed with
Danny Needham, who is about the
same height as Goff. .
Jeffords leaped into prominence re
cently by undertaking to stay four
rounds with Champion Jeffries. The
matchmaker!-, unfortunately. com
menced at the wrong end. They first
made the match and then consulted W.
A. Brady, who controls Jeffries' desti
nies at the present time. With a con
tinental tour in prospect he declined
to jeopardize the standing of the man
who lowered the colors of Fitzsim
mons. Jeffordses not a novice. In a
match with Jack Stelzner he had the
latter in difficulty for nine rounds and
then resorted to rough tactics. Stelz
ner, who has boxed with Jeffries,
Sharkey. Corbett and Fitzsimmons,
pronounces Jeffords the strongest man
in the group.
Jones, his opponent, has been spoil
ing for a fight. While Ruhlin was in
training he journeyed to his quarters
at Blanken's to be tried out. Ruhlin
would not assume the risk of injuring
his hands while he had an engage
ment pending, hence the colored man
has yet to be tried out.
Hiram B. Cook will referee and the
men will box under Marquis of Queens
berry rules without amendments. The
Illustrations are from photographs by
Bushnell. -
MIGHTY BUCKS FALL
BEFORE SPORTSMEN
DEER SEASON OPENS AT COUN
TRY AND TAMALPAIS CLUBS.
Members and Their Guests Secure
Fifteen Splendid Deer on the
Marin County Preserves.
The* members of the Country Club and
the Tamalpais Gun Club" enjoyed brilliant
sport on their preserves in Marin County
on Saturday and Sunday, the opening of
tho shooting season. Fifteen fine bucks
fell to the members of the clubs and their
At the Country Club Dr. Vowinckle and
"William Berg killed two each; J. K. Orr,
\V. S. Kettle and Hi ward Black each
killed one. At the tmalpaia Club "Billy"
Brown ami Mr. Osborn si cured forkhorn
bucks, while Wagner and Drlnkhouse
killed spike bucks.
A phenomenon which none # of the sports
men can explain is that the Country Club
men killed unusually large bucks, while
those of the Tamalpais Club were com
paratively small. The preserves adjoin
one another. Thii nature of the country
is the same and the deer feed over the
same range; hence the question as to why
the large ones all fell to Country Club
men.
The deer were all brought to the Cali
fornia Market yesterday, and attracted
general attention throughout the day.
The sue •--;''.' sportsmen sent them there
to be dressed before distribution among
their friends.
TKIRTZENTH VICTORY
FOR THE CAST-OFFS
Once More Cleveland Surprises the
I Baseball World by Winning
a Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE standing.
Clubs— 'V. L. Pet. ! Clubs— \V. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....53 _' .CSS Pittsburg ...36 35 .4SO
Philadelphia 47 27 .633 (Cincinnati ..35 30 .473
Boston tS 2. .632 -New Y0rk,. .33 41 .44. .
Chicago 43 SO -SS) Louisville .30 47 .401
Baltimore ...43 31' .oil Washington 25 51 .325
»t. Louis 43 32 .571 Cleveland ...13 62 177
BALTIMORE. July 17.— A11-around better
wctk than the Orioles, combined with Hughey's
e> cellent pitching, gar* Cleveland the flrst
g;*me this afternoon. Harley'a ankle was hurt
In a collision at third In the eighth and he
was replaced by Schmidt. Bates-was easy for
the Orioles in the second gram* and the contest
scon developed into a farce. Schmidt and Bates
exchanged position? In the fifth and the fusil
lade Mopped for Just one inning. Attendance,
1561. .-' -re of first game:
Baltimore ...2 H E.
Baltimore 2 7 5
Cleveland 7 .2 l
Batteries— Nops. Kltson and Crisham; Hughey
and Schrecongost.
Score of second game:
Club*— R. H. E
Baltimore 21 24 3
Cleveland 6 12 7
Batteries --Howell and Robinson; Bates.
Schmidt and Schrecongost. Umpires— Lynch
and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. July 17.— The Phillies de
flated Cincinnati to-day in an exciting eleven
inning game. The Reds made their two runs !n
the fifth inning on three singles and a thrown
ball which got away from McFarland at the
Plate The Phillies tied the score in the ninth
nn Thomas' <=!ngle, Delehanty being hit by the
pitcher, an out and Flick's long fly. in the
eleventh Thomas doubled and Delehanty sent
him heme with a terrific hit to the clubhouse
in renter field. Fourteen outs by Shortstop
Cross Is noteworthy. Attendance, 2180. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 S 1
Philadelphia 3 9 _
Batteries— Phillips and Wood: Donahue and
McFarland. Umpires— Manassau and Smith.
NEW YORK. July 17.— The Brooklyn^ made It
litre? straight with Chicago to-day by better
jil-r.round playing. Garvin started off at a
great pace, but went up ln the air In the third
•ir.! was hit safely four times, which, with a
base on balls and a wild throw, let in enough
runs to win. Hughes was effective in all but
two Inning*. Casey's third base play was a
:e: t-jie. Attendance,. 2603. - Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 s 2
Brooklyn 7 13 1
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue; Hughes and
McGuire. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
BOSTON. July 17 —The Champions won their
third straight game from Pittsburg to-day
through the wildness of Sparks and the mag
nificent fielding of Hamilton. The latter cut off
a half dozen long hits and his base-running
was excellent. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 3.2
Pittsburg 5 12 3
Batteries— Lewis and Clarke; Sparks, Hoffer
and Bowerman. Umpires— Emslie and McDon
ald.
WASHINGTON. July 17.— The Washington-
Louisville game was postponed on account of
rain. _^
. !'_'" ■'_.- 7
Cyclist Fournier Not Killed.
NEW YORK. July 17.— bicycle
rider killed by a collision on Seventh ave
nue yesterday was John Fournier, a
clerk, and not Henry Fournier. the noted
long-distance racer. b
The lowa Coming Back.
SEATTLE, July 17.— 1t is reported that
the battleship lowa to-day received orders
to sail for San Francisco next Thursday.
She has nearly finished coaling.
INDIVIDUAL' AND
TEAM AVERAGES
FOR THE SEASON
San Franc : sco Leads
in Fielding. Wcrk.
SANTA CRUZ PRIME HITTERS
— ♦——
PERCENTAGES OF EVERY PLAY
ER IN THE LEAGUE.
Complete Record of the Baseball Men
Compiled, Showing Relative
Values to Their Teams in
Batting and Fielding.
♦ — -
A com: let- and tabulated set of averages has
been prepared for all the teams and individuals ;
non pla vine baseball In the bt? State League.
The tables speak for themselves and tell their
own tale
TEAM FIELDING.
= - T;. n -
1 2 1 j ' § ? ?! 3
CLUBS. :1a : : ! r
San -ci.co 4" 1074 577 180 "27
San In™ 34; 904 561 HI 912
Watsonvllle 35! 912; 419 128:912
Oakland 40 1088 552' 80 .911
Sacramento 34 864 48l| 130,.90 ft
Santa Cruz 35 894 440| 1471-901
TEAM BATTING.
CLCBS.
fe.J £ i ?! gJfjj 5
.1 I ? | Mg
? : :?i='B S
5 : ': |Sf I r
••• : * •
Santa Cruz i 35 121S 195, 307 76 252
San Francisco } 40 1484 223 859 77.250
Sr-ramento 1209 172 281 61 .232
Oakland WMS S ; }R&SK2
Pan Jos* 3411113; 127 216 fl .194
Watsonvllle 3511213! 195! 307j aO;.lSs
FIELDERS.
o-> - T
n c Jj I i
f : H : .
NAMES. Jfje-jS ? J
Rank i; !' i: !' :
1 McGuck-n 33 68 9 OiIOOO
... Dennle 9 13 1 O'IOOO
?. Hilderbrandt <'-' 64: 7 I .9.3
4. Shanahan 14122 4 1.963
5. Harvey 13! 23 1 1 .960
6. Pyne * « ? 3J.945
7 Donovan i 37 61 6 4.943
8. Dunleavy i 26 54 7 4.988
9. Courtney 26 « 2 -55
10 Doyle " 11] " 1 1 "3
11 Haves 34? 69! 10 6!.?2ft
1? Streib '..'. 31! 45j 4 4J.92S
: Cameron g« h 1U»
14 Hardie 37 4ft[ 8 6 .90a
15 Donltn 1» ! 22! 5! 31.900
. :::::::::::::::::::::::: 10! 15 3 2.900
17. Graham " 26j 2 * -|~
IS. rymple 34 55 3 8 .879
Ift. McLaughlin 15 22 a 4 .871
'. Sh-.ran 1 1"' » 1 3W
fl/brennan 20 31 2SI .868
- Mu tier «0 W J »|.g
■>:? Rice .: 15 M 1; 3| .--
-2 4' Folev '" 16( 17i i 41.818
25 Morrow " I > » 1 * .800
26-Walker U » 3 J .800
27. Burge .::::.:::.." 125 a 41 91..43
17:
CATCHERS.
ISi'c • 5 * ' '->' I * , "
N bis: HI ■ -
? i Q ■ 3 ! 5
NAMES. I? [sTiST « j & I
7 Ml I ~ T
■-■.'■'■.-'■■
Rank. 'J_l_!__ ' !_2i'l_'J_
Stanley ...." 34 203 52 7 .941
» p af . P :32 154 39 6 12 .913
3 Kent 34i154 47 6 16 .901
4 Swindells 32129! .19' « 11 .898
5 Morrow 27 | 1561 35 9 14.892
6. Hammond 95J14 35? 10: 15 .575
THIRD BASEMEN.
o ! ti ' >: a -
>is :■ i I
a >!• in
* r I * "5
NAMES. j » =i 7 j ? 3
! |F|: I- r
Rank. : t : : : ■
T~Eag.-in '...". : 7! 7 20 3.964
2 Riley 89 6! 102! 13 .927
3. McCarthy 5 8 11 1 .904
4 Devereaux 84 41 75! 16 .878
5. OD-a 18 34 31 9. .873
8. Lange 40 50 98 21 .876
7 McLaughlin 9 11 11! 4 «46
S. Brockhoff 25 30 4* IS .SIS
9. Sheehan : 16' 24 28 15 .771
10. Peeples 9 7, 13 7 .7(0
Rank.
NAMES.
SECOND BASEMEN.
Rank.
1. Plak
2. Peep
3. And<
i. Willi
5. Stub
8. ONe
7. Bill!
8. L. P.
NAMES.
te
pies
lers.
lams
z
ell
Ings
Hammond —
(Q - > IS i -
= c m -i |<B
3 !*» }J2 I d "■
is 3 J n l o
fisir T '
; ? i \ £
_L|L|L|LL
::■■■
30 68 74 12 .ft:.;,
... . 2* 58 61 10 .922
34 103 106 20 L .913
&M 74 | .til
301 59 91 IS .908
3* (7 95 1 ■ .881
- IS 111 4 .878
I 13. Ift 36) .831
1. Plake •
2. Peeples '
3. Andersen i
1. Williams I
s..Ptulz '
6. O'Neil
7. Billings !
8. L. Hammond I
FIRST BASEMEN.
NAMES.
i " 5i > M ■:
. » C * -1 I
3 " 2. I i
12 = ~ % '-■
" - " .? 3.
IIIJ
': ; : :
1 3ft' 435; 141.371
Rank.
1. Sullivan
CURED IN SIX WEEKS
,* j\~. Nothing Cures So Quickly
t'3 f \ as Dr. McLaughlin's
M Obr^ *.)' Electric Belt.
f^_fe^fes^':s-fe^^ ■ Wonderful Improvements in a
'"'iSriK-vS '*£■"■: £>\^- 7^"-. »^>iS__ ! -S_ •*■
;3fe U - - ---^055 i . ' Short Time.
%ms^^^ryy^f_Wyc\
o- - w - i
M -f.f \\; I / It Cum While Yon Sleep-It Vitalizes
'*¥? \\ I the Whole Body '
It is not surprising that Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt gives relief in a few days
and cures the most aggravated cases in from one to three months Electricity, unlike
drugs, can by this means be applied to the seat of disease, and it Infuses health-giving
strength direct to the place desired, quickly restoring the organs to their normal vigor.
Dr M. A. McLaughlin— Dear Sir: I have now used your Belt over six weeks, and
flnd it' all you represented it to be. It has cured my weakness, and I feel as fresh and
strong as ever. Yours truly. BHILIF J. DALY.
Suisun, June 28. 1899. y- ■.'-.-'
STOP DRUGGING AND TRY IT.
Save your stomach and give Nature a chance. Give strength to all your functions
by saturating them with Electricity from this grand Electric Belt. Book about it free.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, ■Sgaj^'Sirs *£
Office Hours— « a.m. to 8:30 p.m.: Sundays. 18 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
Batting Averages of the 4
Local Baseball Teams *
J Selna '35 336' ft 111.
3. Hanl-r. 3! 810 9 11 .'.'67
4. Moskiman 7[ 74 0 3.961
5. Johnson ! 14 142 .6! S'.94S
6. Shanahan '21227 2 13,.ft4>:
7- Clark 351333 17] 221.943
8- Doyle | 6) 63 3! 5J.932
SHORTSTOPS.
11-llif ?
■cI h -
Xln IST is o
NAMES. ' i c 7 5 2*
Ik —
!\• j h
Rank.
1. Klelher .*.....,. 34 76 ft« 22 .888
2. Eagan 27 68 $1 191.878
3. Schmoer 40:i01'126! 311. 869
4. Sheehan 5 14 16 b!.557
5. McCarthy 25 54; 62] 2" .853
6. Krug 4011071128 481.827
7. Leake | 20' .- 5! 201.506
8. Courtney 9 141 19 11 .798
ft. Arrelanes. | 7 6 12 io .643
PITCHERS.
-'->-? -7
c : i -i • :
= ~ ''- 7j = "
- ~ t. - ~
NAMES. i z ~ i _ r
a : ~ —
I; II i; ij ?.1
Rank. : I: '• i" :
1 — ; — | — ] — I — i
1. Fitzpatrlck 22 21 67 l' 2. 978
2. Doyle 18 Si 52 ll 21.952
3. Russell !11 " 21 2 .913
4. era, j 191 9 631 4' 4.9 00
5. Mosklman I 22! 21 oft) < 2 .S8«
6. Andrews 17} 8; 4* 6| 21.875
7. B..rchers 17 ft 46 5 4]. 859
8- Balfz 17 13 45 7 3.883
ft. Harper 16! 10! 43 6 71.803
10. Donlln 11 91 88 1 3! .so-,
11- Shea 10: 15! 27 8 6]. 7*0
12 Harvey |11 7 29 8 4 770
13. Whalen | Ift 6 44 7 .717
EATTING AVERAGES.
." > - - B» -
-—- - p ~
NAME AND CLUB. ii£l■ | - I a Q
NAME AND CLUB. i g. 1 1 - = •
: = " ~-
\:x ! :
Rank. !I: || 1?
... Donltn, Santa Cruz....:. 2ft US 33? 47 9 .395
1. Krug. San Francisco.... 40,179 37 64 10. 357
2. Streib. Santa Cruz .... 34 136 [ 23; 48 171.353
3. Sullivan. San Francisco.! 40 147 33( 50 9. 34
4. Harvey. Sacramento •34 84 1 18 27 2;. 321 i
5 Pace, Santa Crui 133 128 20! 40 91.312
6. Hardle, Oakland 137 1231-211 39 21.802
7 H:llerbrandt. San Fran. I 40 156 24 47 12 .301 |
8. Hammond, Oakland 136 1411 19141 8. 298 i
ft. Shanahan. Sacramento..! 34 132 11 37 B. ii
10. Swindells. San Francisco 33 1311 17; 36 3. 275
11. Courtney. Watsonvllle.. I 35 109| 3" SO .275
12. Stulz. Sacramento 30115' 13 !80 21.2*1
13. Hutchinson. Sac-Oak... 7 271 3 7 0!.25«
14. McLaughlin. Sacramento] 24] 971 18 2." 15 .258
... Arreianes. Santa Cruz..! 17 83 6! 16 5..25S i
16. Johnson. Oakland ' 14 47 ft 12 0 .255
17. Dunleavy. Oakland I 341128! 19 1 32 3.254;
15. ODea, San Jose | 2'"> 71 6 IS! 41.253
... Easran. Sacramento 3." 13* 16 35' 11 .2.'.3
20. Dalrymple. San Jose... 341133! 17 33 161.248
21. Clark. Santa Cruz 35137] I? 34 ft .241
22. Stanley. Sacramento '34 134 19! 32 3*. 239
23 Riley, San Francisco....! 3ft 157 32 37 .285
24. Lanse, Oakland I W'l6o 16' 371 7 .231 i
25. Mosklman, Oakland I 331113 11 26 01.230
26. Williams. Santa Cruz... 881136 2.". 31! 5i. 228
... McCarthy. Watsonvllle. 30 114 1 13! 26! S'.22S ,
28. Schmeer. Oakland : 40 1501 21 36! 11!.
2ft. Doyle. Sacramento 341152 26 34 4.223
30. Muller. Ran Francisco..! 401157! 22 35 111.223
... O'Neil. San Francisco... 38 130 15 25 « .223
32. Walker. Sacramento.... 10 86 3! 8 3 .222
33. Borchers. San Jose I 21! 6? ft' 15! 0.217,
34. Hanlon. San Jose I 33121! 26 25 41.215
35 Graham. San Jose I 16' 61 ft 13 1 .213
36. Anderson. San Jose ' 3411271 20 27 14.2 12
37. Morrow. Watsonvllle....] 351128] 7 27! 2.211
3S McGucken. .San J05e. ...1 33:1281 17! 26 8!. 206
39. Klelber. S. Joae-S Cruz.l 36 it 3 12] 29 7 .203
40. Selna. Watsonvllle I 3511181 12! 24 41.203
... Shea. Oakland ' 201 64 7 13! 1 .203
42. Plake. Watsonvllle ! 351130; 13! 26 51.200
43. Brockhoff. Watsonvllle. l 271106 15! 21! 8 198
44. Devereaux, Santa Cruz..! 351132! 21 26 6 .197
45. Pvne. San Francisco....' in 170 27! 33' 9!. 194
... Donovan. Oakland ! 37'144l 131 2S! 161.194
47. Peeples. Oakland-Sacto. I 351132 11 25 I 189
... Dreiman. Santa Cruz....i 20! 74! 10! 14 41.189
49. Balsz. Santa Cruz ' 21 71! 10 '.3 0.183
-."■ L: Hammond. Oakland.! 13! 151 3' 8] 4 .177
51. Leake San Jose ! 19' 6s 4 12! 21.176
52. Kent. San Jose 134 111 ' IS 5.171
53. Andrews. San Jose I 34! 54 2! 9! 01.166
54 Hayes. Watsonvllle ! 18(109) ft IS 9.1 65
55. Fitzpatrick. San Fran..! 24 911 ft 15 01.184
56. Pennie. Sacramento ] 9! 371 5! 6! 1 .182
57 Russell Oakland !11 25 0 4 01.160
58 Burge Santa Cruz...... 1 25 76! 12 12 .158
59. Sheehan. Sacramento. ..I 341211 16 19 11.157
60. Billings. San Fran. -Wat 101 34 1 2! 51 81.147
61. Folev. San Jose I 16! 52! 7 « 9. 145
62 Ihere. San Francisco. ...I 19 711 41 10! 2.141
63. Whelan. Watsonvllle....! 21 67 4 ft .134
64 Harper. Watsonville I 19! 57 ft 6! .105
85 Rice Watsonvllle I 15! 55! 81 5 01.093
66 Cameron Watsonvllle...! 10! 32( 4| 3! 2.0 91
67. Ford. Oakland I 4 16 0] 1 01-062 j
HARD-HITTING AMATEURS
AT SAN FRANCISCO CLUB
Four eight-round bouts and one of ten
rounds is the attractive card offered by
the San Francisco Athletic Club for its
regular monthly boxing contests to be
held to-morrow "night. Owing to the qual
ity of the sport invariably presented at
the gymnasium of the club on Sixth
street, the attendance has outgrown the
seating capacity of the gymnasium.
The principal bout on the programme
will be a ten-round affair between Ed
Toy and Georpe Baker, each to weigh in
at "the lightweight limit. 133 pounds. The
remaining bouts will be between Charles
Vickers and Jack Ennls: Charles Thurs
ton and Henry Lewis: Mike McClure and
Dan Ryan; Deacon Jones and Snowball
Crawford. The latter pair boxed recently
and mixed hard hitting and buffoonery,
to the evident delight of the spectators
Alex Greggains will referee under the
Queensberry rules, unabridged, the only
ones which seem to give general satisfac
tion. With Greggains in the ring there
are no unsatisfactory bouts.
RAIN CAUSES DELAY.
DETROIT, .- July 17. — A five-minute
downpour of rain spoiled the afternoon's
sport at to-day's annual opening of the
Blue Ribbon race meeting. The down
pour occurred just as the horses were
scoring for a start in the 2:09 pace, the
first race on the grand circuit programme
of 1*99. The storm ceased as suddenly
as it began, but It left the Grosse Point
track in a hopelessly sticky condition.
The crowd waited an hour and a half
and then came the following announce
ment:
"On account of the dangerous condition
of the track to-day's programme is post
poned until to-morrow."
The programme Included the Chamber
of Commerce $3000 stake. Tuesday's ro
grammc, including- the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' $10,000 stake, will be ion
tested on Wednesday and to-day's delay
will carry the meeting through Saturday
instead of it ending on Friday.
■ ♦ ■
Raff-Time Hayes and Tamales
At Kapp & Street's Tamale Grotto nightly. •
CATARRH
t COLDS, COUGHS,
JHpfcnf HAY FEVER,
W^£ BRONCHITIS,
__C.Wh>JyJt^_ ASTHMA AND
f^^yj^i^i ALL DISEASES
_\ 'Elf*" 0F THE THROAT
v t**--'W« AND LUNGS
~^P* CURED
QUICKLY, SURELY, PERMANENT-
LY. THOUSANDS TESTIFY TO
THE WONDERFUL CURES MADE
BY
Munyon's Inhaler.
Clouds of medicated vapor are inhaled
through the mouth and- emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporising all the inflamed
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine taken Into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places— lt goes to the soat of disease— lt pene-
trates obscure places — It acts as a balm and
tonic to the whole system— lt is only $1 at
druggists or sent by mall, same price.
MUNYON'S REMEDIES— S7 Cures for 57 ail-
ments, for sale at all druggists, mostly 25 cents
a vial. If you need medical advice write to
Prof. Munyon 1505 Arch st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA^
Charles Frohman Presents
■^ftENR/AIILIIR
-<\A_.
A SPf UAL COMPANY
LAST 5 NIGHTS-MAT. SAT.
LORD AND LADY ALGY
R. C. Carton's Brilliant Comedy.
Next Monday— ONE WEEK ONLY.
HEARTSEASE.
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
ALCAZARS™
PHONE Main 2,"-..
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
SATURDAY MATINEE.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In the Beautiful Emotional Drama,
"THE NEW MAGDALEN."
Supported by
WHITE WHITTLESY AND THE ALCAZAR
COMPANY.
15c, 25c, p^^s 35c, 50c.
Xext— Farewell week of LEWIS MORRISON
In "FAUST."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. FRIEDLANDER, Manager.
A VERITABLE TRIUMPH.
CURTAIN CALLS GALORE.
MORE SUCCESSFUL THAN EVER.
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND COMPANY OF PLAYERS,
In Henry Arthur Jones' Masterpiece
THE DANCING GIRL
Reserved Seats Be, 50c. ISO and $1
Matinees Prices 25c. 50c and 75c.
Commencing MONDAY. July 24, Mr. Fraw-
ley will present
MISS BLANCHE BATES AND COMPANY OF
PLAYERS IN
'MADAME SUNS GENE."
\ GK AND OPERA HOUSE
MOROSCO AMUSEMENT cO. (Inc.). Lessee.
! ANOTHER BRILLIANT SUCCESS
ALL THIS WEEK.
Costly and Beautiful Production of Audran's
* Delightful Comic Opera,
"OLIVETTE"
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Reserved. 3So and 50c
DRESS CIRCLE, Reserved, 25c.
FAMILY CIRCLE, Reserved, 15c.
GALLERY. 10c.
- MATINEE SATURDAY. -vl ,
At the Matinees the Best Reserved Seat can be
purchased for 25c. Family Circle 15c.
Gallery 10c.
Telephone Main 532.
NEXT WEEK— 'FAUST" fin English).
%o|v3im
NEW FACES. NEW ATTRACTIONS !
KILPATRICH AND BARBER,
LES BROWNS,'
HOUDINI,
MINNIE PALMER A CO.,
CEORCE WILSON,
THE RIXFORDS,
MILLIAN AND SHIELDS,
THE PASOUALIS,
HAVES AND LYTTON.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats. 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
EVERY EVENING AND SATURDAY MATI-
NEE.
The Brilliant and Gorgeous Burlesque.
"BLUE BEARD"
Replete With Up-to-Date Songs, Jokes, Dances,
Etc.
ENLARGED COMPANY AND CHORUS.
THE GREATEST SHOW IN TOWN..
______ . -,;.'. ;
POPULAR PRICES. ..2Sc and 50s
Next Production— The Popular Opera "WANG."
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
OLYMPIC CLUB NIGHT TO-NIGHT
AT THE GREAT INTERNATIONAL
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL !
Special Athletic Programme by Members of the
OLYMPIC CLUB.
In Addition to the Regular Features of the
GREAT CAKE WALKS.
SPECIAL DEWEY CAKE WALK.
ELECTRIC CAKE WALK.
Amateur Performances: Funniest You Ever
Saw.
Finals of the Society Amateur Contest.
First of the International Cake Walks for
Medals.
Special Contest. Oakland vs. San Francisco.
CONCERT BY BENNETT'S BAND.
RESERVED SEATS.
COME EARLY AND AVOID THE RUSH.
First children's and ladles' matinee this after-
noon. All the great features of the evening.
ADMISSION. 23c.
Reserved Seats on Sale at the Emporium and
Hale Bros.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
DdlUv Those who were there
a ray the Panorama Is a
/\V- correct representation.
II 1 Lectures by Prof W.
O. ROLLINS after-
li/t _-* •__, 5 1 _f-_ noons and evenings.
XYI<JI 113 Market st.. nr. Eighth.
Admission, SOc.
Bay! „ Chlldren - 5 ;
SUTRO* BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5o
Bathing. Including admission. Mc; Chil-
; dren, 20c.
78
C O M M ERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat futures lower.
Barley. Oats and Corn dull.
Rye steady.
Hay weak and arriving freely.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans still in demand.
Potatoes lower and Onions weak.
Vegetables in liberal supply.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Reaches doing better.
Plums steady and Apricots firm.
Grapes slow.
Prices for new Almonds established.
Provisions active and firm.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 17, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 58 San Diego 68
Fresno ICS Sacramento 98
Los Angeles 76. Independence 36
Red Bluff 104 Yuma 104
San Luis Obispo 82
San Francisco lata: Maximum temperature.
66; minimum, 48; mean, 57.
WEATHER. CONDITIONS ANT* GENERAL
'RECAST.
The pressure has risen generally oyer the Pa
clflc Coast. The usual summer low overlies
Arizona and Southeastern California. There
are evidences of a disturbance over Northern
Mexico and rain Is falling at El Pa*- and
Phoenix.
The temperature ha* risen over the greater
portion of the country wast of the Sierras.
In the great valleys of California the afternoon
temperatures are high, ranging from 98 to 108
degrees. Fog ls reported along the northern
coast of California.
A thunderstorm Is reported at Salt Lake
City. .
Conditions favor the continuance for several
days of warm weather in the interior of Cali
fornia,
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 18, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: continued
warm weather in the Interior; high afternoon
temperatures; fresh northerly winds in the
valleys; brisk westerly winds on the coast,
with dense fog in The afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; continued
warm weather; fresh northwesterly winds.
Nevada Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Cloudy Tuesday; warmer, with show
ers in the mountains early Tuesday rooming.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, with showers in
the mountains: warmer Tuesday night.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
fresh westerly win in the afternoon, with
fog. ALEXANDER G. M cADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 17.— The stock market to
day was an aimless and insignificant affair j
except so far as the dullness and neglect were I
significant of the doubt felt in many mind? j
over the money outlook. Operations were j
strictly confined to professional manlpula- j
tion by the room traders. This kind of trading |
resulted in only trivial net changes, most of *
which were on the side of losses. The range
of prices was quite wide during the day, many j
stocks at times rising a shade over Saturday
and then dropping from 1 to 2 points. The
latter portion of the day was devoted to a dcs-
.■_--. covering movement xvhich reclaimed
most of the earlier losses. Even Brooklyn
Transit, which was the center of the day's
weakness, recovered to within % of Saturday's
close, but yielded sharply to bear pressure in
the final dealings. Labor troubles played a •
large part In the day's market, Brooklyn Tran- j
sit being most conspicuously affected by rea- |
son of the strike among its employes. The j
etocks opened off 1% and Manhattan and Met
ropolitan Street Railway were keenly affected
ln sympathy, the former losing 1% and the
latter 3 points. Brooklyn Transit was vigor- j
ously supported by inside interests and quick- j
ly rallied a point*, giving the short Interests, 1
xvhich are supposed to be large, t-mall opportun- j
Ity to cover. Later the stocks fell an extreme ;
i-s. when the news came that the street car
strike in Cleveland had been renewed, as it j
was feared this might presage a general sym- j
pathetic strike. People's Gas and Federal i
Steel, as being Flower specialties, were de- j
pressed ln sympathy with the Brooklyn stocks. :
Federal Steel dropping 1%. New York Air
Brake also broke 12 points and after vibrating
wildly scored a full recovery. American I
Smelting moved upward on the decision of the j
Colorado Supreme Court against the constitu
tionallty of the State's eight-hour law. ihe con
flicting Interpretations of which led to the
amelter strike. Tin Plate moved up on th a :
wage scale agreement and the advance in the i
of the product. Late weakness of Brook
yr. Transit and a break in Sugar of nearly 2
points brought the most active selling move
ment of the day. There were very persistent :
rumors that gold would go from New York
this week. Transaction? in the local stock i
market for London account were, however. in
significant. The absence of any announcement - 1
of any gold shipment by to-morrow's steamer
was a factor in the late recovery of the mar- :
ket which brought prices generally back to
near Saturday's close.
The market for bonds was dull and heavy
in sympathy with stocks. Total sales, par
value, $1,650,000.
United States 33 fell % and the old 4s regis- .
tered "-« in bid price.
The total sales of stocks amounted to 331.164
shares, including: American Steel, 3000; Amer- j
lean Sugar. _..».: Anaconda, 1**.300; Atchison,
8600; Atchison preferred, 26.200; Brooklyn Trail- !
Is!:, 55.500; Burlington. 17.7-nO; Federal Steel,
5700: Federal Steel preferred. 3000: Manhattan,
25.500: Northern Paclflc. 10.100; People's Gas, i
SfiOO; Beading first preferred. 340*5; Rock Island.
6200: St. Paul. 24.300; Union Pacific, 4600; Amer
ican Cotton Oil. 7100; Chesapeake and "Ohio,
S300; Missouri Paciflc. 12.5.0; New York Cen
tral. 61' X); Per.nsylx-ania, .-■ St. Louts South
-
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 19% Do prefd 173
Do prefd 60% St P ft Om 107
Baltimore & Ohio. 47 Do prefd 175
Canada Pacific 964 Am Smelting & R. 36>»
Canada Southern.. 534 Do prefd 84
Central Pacific 51% So Pacific 31%
Ches & Ohio 27% So' Railway 11%
Chl & Alton 150 Do prefd 51%
Chi B & Q 1354 Texas & Pacific... 22%
Chi & E 111 73% Union Pacific 42%
Do prefd 122 Do prefd 764
Chi G '.v 14 : 4 Nor ft W prefd.... 7-'
Chl Ind & L 10 : Wabash 7%
Do prefd 40 Do prefd 22%
Chl & N W 160 Wft L E (new*.... 5%
Do prefd 193 Do prefd  .. 24% '
CCCft St L 57% Express Companies-
Do prefd SS% Adams Ex 112
De! ft Hudson 122 American Ex 13S
De! L ft W 16* United States 48
Den a- Rio G 21% Wells Fargo 125
Do prefd 7" 1 , Miscellaneous —
Erie (new) 1314 A Cot Oil 42', I
Do Ist prefd 364 Do prefd 924 i
Ft Wayne IS! Am Spirits 6"»
Gt Nor prefd 167 Do prefd 2:*
Glucose .. 6*% Am Tot,, ex-div.... 96
Illinois Central 114% Do prefd. ex-d1v.143
Do prefd 75 Cons Gail 151
Lake Shore 2- Com Cable Co 179
Louis & Nasi 71% Col F ft Iron 46 !
Manhattan L 118 Do prefd 105
Met St Ry 220 Gen Electric lis", -
Michigan central. .lll .Haw Com Co 110 !
Minn & St L 54 ;Federal Steel 554
Do 2d prefd 90 Do rrefd 80% 1
Mo Paciflc 47H Intl Paper 41
Mobile & Ohio 434 Do prefd 78%
Mo X ft T 12 (Laclede Gas 74
Do prefd Lead 23
N J Central 116 ' Do prefd 112
N V Central 137 i Brooklyn It T 111%
N V C ft St L 13 Nat Lin Oil J
Do Ist prefd 68 Pacific Mail 47'«
Do 2d prefd .31 People's Gas... 116%
Nor West 20*; Pullman Pal 160
No Amer Co 104 Silver Certificates. 60
No Pacific 50% Standard R & T... 7%
Do prefd 76% Sugar 156.4
Ontario ft W 254 Do prefd 118
Or R& N prefd.... 40 T C ft Iron 684
Paciflc Coast 38 C S leather 5%
Do Ist prefd .4 Do prefd 71
Do 2d prefd 56 U S Rubber 4.--X*,
Lake Erie & W IS Do prefd 116'«
Pittsburg I**4 Western Union 90
Reading 20% Am S ft w 65%
Do Ist prefd 60 Di prefd 96 Vi
R G -'7 33 Cont Tobacco 39%
Do prefd 79 National Steel 50
Rock Island 16*4- Do prefd 90%
St Louis & S F 10%'Colo Southern 4%
Do rrefd 89% Do Ist prefd 43
Do 2d pre.! 37 ; Do 2d prefd 164
St Louis ft S W... 14% ' Tin Plate 35
tDo prefd 35%: Do prefd 84%
St Paul 131 Hoop Steel 23
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100%|M X & T 2ds 68%
Do 3s reg 10. %| Do 4s 93
Do 3s coup i.'f.' . N V Cent lsts 112
IDo new 4s reg. N J Cent gen .121 !
ex-lnt 12« 'No Carolina 6s 135
Do new 4s coup. -ISO j Do 4s 109
Do eld 4s reg 117' 4 . N0 Pacific lsts 113
Do Id 4s c .up. ._;: ■- Do a? 107
Do 5s rec. ex-1n.111% Do 4s 103%
Do 5s coup 112% N V C ft St L 45. .11.
Dlst of C 3.655.... .113 'Nor ft W .-on 45... 94% \
Alabama class A. .198 ! Do gen €s 137 '
Do class B 108 Oregon Nay 15t5. ..112
Do class C 108 j Do 4s 101«; !
Do Currency 9S 'Oregon 8 L 6s 137
Atchison gen 4s — 101%: Do con ;.s 113
Do ad J 4s S4"-« Reading gen 45.... 87% I
Canada So 2ds 11l Rio G West lsts... 99%
Ches A Ohio 4%5... 97% ;5t L ft I M con 5s 118%
Do 6s 119% St I. & S F gen 124%
Chl ft N W con 75.144%|5t Paul con 172
Do 8 F deb 65...122% l St Pcft P 15t5...121V»
Chicago Term 45... 994 Do Es 1214
. J..-n & Rio G 15t5. .1054 So Railway 5s 109%
Do 4- 100% Stand R & T 65... S3
V. T V ft. Gl l«ts....lo:.i;!Tenn new set 35... 97
Erie gen 4s ■ 92% Te* ft Pac Ist?... .116
J* W A. D D 1h1k... SO ! Do 2d» 56%
Gen Electric f.s 11*? I Union Pacific 45.. .105%
'. II ft H A «S 113 .Wabash lsts 116
Do 2d» 107 Do 2ds 102%
Jl ft ■'. ■ . H 110% West Shore 4s 1134
Do eon Cs ...112 ; wis Cent lsts 76
|',w*i <>rit Ut« 112 'Vo Centuries 86%
X C P * O IstS..*:; f*9 j Do Deferred 8%
i.„ n<*« non 4»....1'i«" Colo Southern 45.. 89%
i. * ti unified <s£*lMU
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 27 Ontario 7 00
Crown Point 24 Ophir 100 j
Con Cal & V 1 90 Plymouth M
Deadwood 60 .Quicksilver 2 10
Gould & Curry to Do prefd 800
Hale & Norcross.. 33 Sierra Nevada 55 I
Homestake 60 o*l Standard 2 40
Iron Silver ; 50 Union Con 34-
Mexican 54 Yellow Jacket 7--
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — D prefd 114
Call loans 3-944, Westlnghouse E1... 484
Time loans 3^5 ; Bonds —
Stocks— At* his -n 4s 101
At . 1* Top & St Fe. 18% ! Mining Shares—
Do prefd 60% Adventure 9
American Sugar. . .1564 .Allouez Mm Co ... 8
Hell Telephone 34* Atlantic 3"
Boston & Albany. .2ss i Boston & M0nt. ...369
Boston Elevated... 107 Butte & ! : ton ... [8
Boston & Maine... 196 Calumet & Hec1a..790
Ch! Bur & Q 1354. centennial 33% :
Ed Elec 111 200 Franklin " ?
Fitchburg prefd. ...117 Humboldt -
Federal Steel 58% Osceola .■ "-
Mexican Central... 14% Parrott -J? 1 *
Michigan Tel 98 Quincy 16 ? j
Old Colony 204 Santa Fe Copper... 13 \. ;
Old pominlon 37% Tamarack 223 j
Rubber 49 Winona 1*
T'nlon Pacific 424 Wolverine «
I Union l>and 8 Utah n "
v. - • End
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW TORK. July 17.— The Commercial Ad- .
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Speculation was apparently dead In the mar
kets here to-day, pending the Transvaal devel
opments. The tone was firm. Americans hard
ened slightly or. New Fork support, but re- <
lapsed later, closing heavy at the worst.
Spanish fours were 58; Tin! 45%; Anacon
dos. lis,; Utahs, 94: Boston. I"*..
Twenty-six thousands pounds gold in bars j
were bought by the bank and £75.n00 arrived
from Australia. The bank is securing a.l the
arrivals of gold. Private discounts were made
to-day at 34. subject to a further rise in the
bank rate. For six months bills 4 per cent was
asked. The bank is doing a hie discount busi
ness above the bank rate and all bank loans
are renewed at 34. . " _
Copper statistics for the fortnight show
.stocks down 1139 tors, and supplies decreased
489.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Julj 17.— Canadian Pacific 99:
Northern Paciflc preferred. 79; Union Paciflc
preferred. 78%: Atchison. 204; Louisville and
Nashville 734; Anaconda. 11 3-16: Grand
Trunk. 7%. Bar silver steady, 27»id per ounce.
Money, 34 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,221 barrels; exports. 7411. Quiet and weaker,
being generally s*??.oc lower to sell. Minne
sota patents. $3 755i3 90; Minnesota bakers",
$3153 15: winter straights, $3 4003 50; winter
7 ■
WHEAT— Receipts. 316.050 bushels: exports.
53.350. Spot, weaker: No. 2 red. 774 cf. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7v?c f. o.
j b. afloat spot: No. 1 hard Duluth. >24c f.o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red. 754 c elevator. i
Options weak and declined all day. Liquida
tion influenced by more favorable Northwest
ern crop reports. bearish cables and light
speculative trade were the features. The close
was weak and IH under Saturday's curb close.
July, 760774 c. closed 764 c: September. .643 j
77 *7-16 c. closed 764-; December. 7.4_t7i>4c,
closed 7^4c.
Hi 'PS Steady.
HIPES-Flrm.
wool — Steady. ;
METALS The week started with the metal
market generally very firm and tending up
ward from pressing demand from consumers. [
instigated from bullish statements from West- 1
em markets and a favorable class of informa
tion from tne European markets. Tin sh.ow.vl
leading strength, moving up some 25-&50 points
and closing excited. At the close the Metal
PlGlßON— Warrants firm at $13 75 nominal.
LAKE COPPER-Firm at $1S 50.
TlN— Unsettled, with $29 bid and $29 50 asked.
LEAL'— Unchanged, with $4 60 bid and »4 65
asked. The brokers' price for lead ls $4 33 and
. er ; ■
SPELTER— Unci $6 25 bid and $6 50
-
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales. 4000 bags, including:
September. $4 60; Peoember. $5 05; May. $5 30.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull and nominal; mild, quiet,
about steady.
SUGAR— Raw. steadier but not quotably
higher: refined steady but quieter.
BUTTER— Receipts. 17.776 packages. Irregu
lar: Western creamery. 15@lS4c; factory. 120
144 c.
EGGS — Receipts, 11,820 packages. Firm;
m, 14%@15c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
Calif---- dried fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 64^70: |
prime wire tray. B®B%c; choice. S4oS*4c; fancy, j
PRUNES
i APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c; Moorpark, 14i?l«c.
PEACHES
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 17.— WHEAT Opened weak.
%c to %c lower for September, at 724tff72V.
The opening quotations were the highest of the
day. Excellent weather for ring wheat. |
heavy domestic receipts and a decline of 4d \
to Id at Liverpool furnished the bears with a j
surplus of ammunition, and they used it with j
good effect. When the visible supply report j
was completed showing an increase of 543. 000
j bushels, compared with a decrease of over ]
2,000.000 bushels the same week last year, long j
1 wheat was thrown on the market regardless cf
price. Primary Western markets received 1.135,
--000 bushels, compared with 568.000 bushels a
year ago. The English visible supply increased
5.2,000 bushels, against 112.000 bushels decrease
last year. The market ruled very heavy. Sep
tember selling down to 714 c. and closing at
I the bottom of the day's range.
CORN— heavy. Influenced by fin- grow
ing weather and liberal receipts September
closed 4c to %< lower.
OATS— Were weak and lower on favorable
; weather and sympathy with wheat and corn.
September closed with a loss of %c.
PROVISIONS Were firm. notwithstanding
the weakness of cereals. Opening prices showed
some improvement due to an advance of 6c
in bogs. The market was loaded with long
stuff on the advance, and most -if the early
advance was wiped out before the close. Specu
lative and cash demand continued good from
the outside. September pork closed 5c net
| higher, and lard and ribs gained 2%c each.
| The leading futures ranged as follows: ..-
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
; July 714 714 704 704
September 72% 724 714 714
! December 74% .744 73% 734
July™, No. 2 — 34 3i 33 334
: July 34 34 33
■ September 334 33% 324 33
I December 32% 32% 314 314
1 Oats No. 2—
July 24% 24% 24 24%
September 20% 20% 20 2*14
May 224 22% 224 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September 915 925 9 124 915
October 9 20 9 25 9 15 9 15
Lard, per 100 pounds— ,
September -7 45 5 62% 545 _ 47%
October 524 5 574 £ 524 5 524
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 520 525 5 17% 520
October 5 27. 525 5 224 5 224
I Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
I weak; No. 2 spring wheat, 71% c; No. 3 spring
' wheat. 69%®70c; No. - red, 73%@73%c; No. 2
corn. 3313334 c: No. 2 oats, _C. :_4V-; No. 3
white, 254 '_ 27 V; No. 2 rye, 55, , No. 1 flax
seed, $10] 07; prime timothy seed. $2 4502 55;
s mess pork, per barrel, *• 5009 10; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 27407*40: short ribs sides noose).
$5 0505 20: dry Baited shoulders (boxed), $7, 3740
5 50; " short clear sides (boxed), $7 40»_t5 45";
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon.
$1 -'..
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.000 23,000
Wheat, bushels 58.000 9.,00-j
i Corn, bushels 417.000 929.000
Oats, bushels 282.000 ■ 286,000
Rye. bushels 6.000
! Barley, bushels 5.000 .
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak; creameries, 1340174 c; dair
ies. 11@15%c. Cheese, flrm, S4o9c, Eggs,
steady; fresh, 12c.
LIVERPPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec
Opening 5 s% 5 10% 5 0%
Closing 58 6 10 .0
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— " July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening Holiday.
j Closing
I Flout—
I Closing ___ -
I Opening
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
j CHICAGO, July 17.— the supply of cattle
I was not excessive to-day. prices were fairly
' stead/ for good cattle. Good to fancy steers
brought 16 2505 75: commoner grades, $4 -.-.,
I 5 20; stockers and feeders, $.■*. 5004 83; bulls
! cows and heifers. $205 10; Texas steers, J., 50®
I 5 25. and calves. '$4 5006 75.
Hog -prices, despite liberal receipts, ruled
about 2%c higher on good demand. Heavy lots
sold for $4 15fi4 40: mixed lots. $4 1504 35; light
hogs, $4 2004 25; culls and rough lots brought
y_.> -I 15. and pigs. $3 8594 30.
/ Sheep sold about steady and spring lambs 5®
10c higher. Spring lambs. $406 60; yearlings
were salable at $4 5005 50: sheep. $203 .for
culls up to $505 50 for prime lots. Western
• range and Texas grass sheep sold for $404 SO.
Receipts— 18.000; hogs, 48,000; sheep,
14.000
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 17.— Consols. 1064: silver.
274 d: French rentes, 10lf 154 c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
THE SAN AN CISCO -CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 18, . 1809.
passage, nothing doing; English country mar- j
! kets. quiet; import Into United Klnf«««.
I wheat. 332.000 quarters; Import Into V 'nd -
Kingdom, flour, 312,000 quarters, wheat .*arw
! flour on passage to United Kingdom. *-«' u :,ro ;
j wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1.-«-
LIVERPOOL, July 17.— Wheat, dull a*" a j
drooping; French country markets, quiet.
COTTON— 3 5-160
CLOSING.
j CORN-American mixed root, new. <»£•<;•£
■-. sd: American mixed spot. old. steady.! *» * £
Futures-Quiet: July, S« 4%d; September, *.
6%d: October. 3s 5%d _. . . M . sag.
WHEAT- Futures-Dull; July, Bs IM. c -
tember, 5s lOd; December, 6s.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN. 111.. July "^tn^Eß^^b^
ferings. 491 tubs: sales. M tubs at I.e. Official
' mnrket, 18c.
VISIBLE GRA.IN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. July 17.-The statement of t 5!
visible supply of grain In store and a..oat on
Saturday. July 16. as compiled *> th '£'*
York Produce Exchange. Is " foIIOWS-i -.i heat
S4 440,000 Increase 424.000; corn *•*•«*.«& (WO j
i crease 329.000: oats (00C barry ,«. >W. del
: rv. 731.<*0. increase 4000; barley .06.000, de- ;
j crease 211.000.
_
CASH in THE_ TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July 17.-To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $279,836,451: gold reserxe,
■ $244,041,023.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 17. -Clearings. $430,921:
balances. $102,122.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON
PORTLAND. Or.. July 17.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla is quoted at 57g5Sc and Valley at s?c.
I These .-■_ _. - will not move much grain and
I they are to a large extent nominal. Bluestem
Is about 60c. with no special demand.
' Crop reports from the upper countrj* con
-1 tinue rerj bad and much damage to the spring
sown grain has already taken place with more
unless rain comes soon.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July 17.— The week opened without
showing any improvement over the closing flu
ures of last week In the local wheat market.
Prices remain at 57c for Club and 60c for Blue
__.«Fi: . — __
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 84 85
Sterling Exchange, sight - 4 JfH
Sterling Cables — •as*
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars — 49%®50
Fine Stiver, per ounce ,— 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Lower Llverpoool quotations and
flne weather in the Northwest depressed the
Chicago market at the opening. In addition |
there was a prospect of a material increase in .
the visible supply, while the Corn crop prom
ised to be a record breaker. The world's ship
ments were 6.000,000 bushels, but there was a
decrease of 2.000.01 on passage. The only bull ]
news was from France, where unfavorable
weather caused crop estimate? to be reduced, j
There was some demand from the shorts, but
they turned around and began to resell, which
still further depressed the market.
The local situation was very dull, with a fur
ther decline in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $106%5107%; milling, j
I
""CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December— >
6000 ctls. 14%; 36.000. $1 14%. May-2000. ;
$1 18%
Second Session— December— l6.ooo ctls. $1 14%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo *-tls.
$1143,; 4000, $114*; 18,000. $114';. May— 22,ooo. -
$1 IK.
Afternoon Session— December— 22,ooo ctls,
$1 14V; 10.0.~»\ $1 •-.., ---v. $1 14%.
The City of Benares takes for Cork 53,771 ctls,
valued at $.*>7.SCK).
BARLEY— The spot market was dull and un
changed, while futures were neglected.
Feed new. 92' 2 'j?7'4c: Brewing. $1 02%51 07%:
old Brewing. $1 05^1 10; Chevalier, $1 12*491 15
per ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
r»ATS— The market continues dull and weak,
with a downward tendency. New white are
selling at $1 2"' , Sl 40. and new red a. $1 1*1(31 20;
old are nominal.
CORN— Small round Yellow. $1 30 Wl 35 ;
Eastern large Yellow. $1 10©1 15: White. $1 103
1 15: mixed. $1 ii per ctl; California White.
■■ "
RYE— New' la quoted at 90@92%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
California family extras. $3 600? 3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, V 1093 55: Oregon
and Washington. $3 4003 5* per hbl for extra.
$3 25*83 40 for bakers' and $2 27 ' i 3 for -superfine. |
MILLSTUFFS- Prices in sacks are as foi-!
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour 57; 27 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75: Rye
Meal 52 50: Rice Fl >ur. $7; Cornmeal, $1 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50^.4 75; !
Oat Groat?. $4 75: Hominy. $3 26<8S 50: Buck
wheat Flour. $454 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75:
Farlnp J. 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 5-".; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 55£6 95; in sacks. $6 35g6 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay were 868 tons, and the mar- |
ket contlued soft and heavy. There was no
actual decline, except in Oat, but sales at top
prices were fewer than they have been. A con
tinuation of the present liberal arrivals will
probably cause a decline-
Bran and Middlings are firm, but no higher.
BRAN— sl6<gl6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50.&19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $21 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27<&25; Jobbing.
$"S SOS 29- Cocoanut Cake. $20@21: Cornmeal.
$23 50#24 50; Cracked Corn. $24925; Mixed Feed.
$15<516. Cottonseed Meal, $24"f_26 per ton.
HAT— Wheat. $B<?9 50 for good and $10 for
choice; Wheat and^Oat. $S«9: Oat, $7-@8; Bar
ley. $s<g7: Alfalfa. $6'<"_7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2O@4Oe per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue In demand and very flrm, with
a further advance in large white.
BEANS— $1 S0«2: Small White. $2«
2 15; Large White. $1 70©1 SO; Pinks, $2 10®2 15;
Reds, nominal; Blackeye. $4 10-g'4 25; Butters,
nominal: Llmas, $4 10@4 15; Pea. $2 10&2 25; Red
Kidneys. {2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard 2% 3 3c: Flax, nominal; Canary Seed.
2«ic per lb: Alfalfa. 9®94c: Rape. 3<&3Hc;
Hemp 4'-.«a44c-. Timothy. 4 : v;as%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 25<gl 50; Green, $150
02 per .*1
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes continue In liberal receipt and weak.
Onions are about the same. Vegetables are also
in ample supply, except River Tomatoes, which
are firm.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. $1 35<gl 40; Early
Rose, $I'§l 50; Burbanks, $I'sl 75 in boxes and
$I*sl 50 In sacks on the wharf.
ONIONS— 6S@7Sc per ctl fjr Silversklns.
VEGETABLES -Asparagus, TT.c'fftl 50 per box
for ordinary and Jl 7. .'iT2 25 for fancy; Rhubarb.
2S@soc per box: Green Peas. 2%c per lb; String
Beans 203 - cabbage. 50c: Tomatoes. 20®35c
per box: Rivers. $101 25; Stockton. 75085 c; Egg
Plant $1 25@1 50: Green Okra, 7.'r^sl per box;
Garlic 203 c: Green Peppers. 50*3750 for Chile
and 75c@$l 27, per box for Bell: Carrots. 10040 c
per sack Bay Cucumbers, 40065 c; Summer
Squash 25#40c for Bay: Green corn. sOeosl per
sack for Vacaville, $1 2501 50 per crate for Ala
meda and 60c@*l for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12014« for Turkeys,
$?, 50 for Ducks. $1 25 for Geese, $6 50 for Hens
and $7 50 for old Roosters.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
i biers and HiSl2c for Hens; Young Turkeys. IS
\ 918 c; Geese, per pair. $I@l 25; Goslings. $1 25
jsl 50; Ducks. $3 5004 for old and $403 for
! young; Hens. $4 50@5 50; young Roosters, $6@6 50;
| old Roosters. $4*34 50; Fryers. $4 500.; Broilers.
$3 50-34 for large. $2 60® 3 for small; Pieeons.
$1 25*3.1 50 per dozen for old and $1 25gl 75 for
Bquabs.
Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Receipts of Butter were heavy, being 566
boxes from Humboldt and 298 from Crescent
| City, though some of it should have been in
■ last week. The market was steady at the quo
tations. Eggs were a fraction higher under
| moderate arrivals.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery. 21@21%c; sec
: onds. 19@20c.
Dairy— Fancy, 17%@18c; good to choice. 160
17c; store. 14® per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. £%c; old. 7%®Bc;
Young America. SV4<39c: Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 15@17%c for store and 20®
! 23<_ per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16@18c for
No. 1 and 14@15c for seconds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are payinr the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and $30 for clings- Apri
cots. $35Q55 per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district: Bartlett Pears. $40850 per ton;
Green and Yellow Plums. $25 per ton.
The demand for shipping Peaches on the Sac
ramento River is so sharp that lt is expected
they will be cleaned up there by the flrst of the
month. The local market is flrm. with lighter
™??lpts. "urns and Apricots are «ead>^ with
diminished arrivals. Figs are scarce. Melons
a^com'jng fn more freely. Berries .tand labOUt
ihe same There no change in i itrus fruits.
Grape™are slow, though arrivals are not large.
PKi'llH'<M7« i'lil'lTo- 7. \ , -*v«.
*p,,i, -- 35c«f$t P*t »»rfi* L-x • rabapples, »0«r
40c for small and Wftlfos W_,"f!!sS ... .h..».
BERRIES -Black^irU... W! j r r „f h .'.^
Strawberries. I»t» W «*•»« «{* "Pf,"^ -■'
for large herrle*; U»apl.«M tie... $3 &ftl|s P er
chest: Logan herrle*. $7 per cheat.
Watermelons, 11M.30 i*T i>>o. v„»m««
Cantaloupes. %: bMi h yy '''"« <> : Nutm'KS.
— per box and $1 7SiTS » P?r ' '"" />Mt .
Grapes, blnck and «hlto, NWOo per crate.
Currants. $*v,fffi M per cheat. ,..,„ ♦„
Green Pears SM_l**C per box. seeordlm <" :
Mie; Bartlett* 11 I■- » i»t > v, » tff'.ffL
Nectarines, 254f"-Cv per !-.-v for whits and B0«
rjc for red. . _.
Figs, 2f.j-.4Cv for alnele and •'"»' Per box
.... layer* of black and for while.
Apricots. SP-ffSSc per box. . ■'■''.'"-,
Peaches 30©S0c per box and 40c per basket;
Crawfords. 50©«0c per box and I! ' ■■"•• Per bas
ket
Plums. If WO per box; Prunes. BOMe per
crate. __ _«_«_,
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedllns Oranges. Rnc»
II 50; Valencia*. $t#S: Lemons. Jlffl 50 for com
mon and $262 50 for good to „'»'''' * : Mexican
Limes, $4; California • Limes. 25©500 per small
box: Bananas, $1 Bo©3 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$l|j2 M per doxen.
PRIEO FRUITS. NUTS ANP RAISINS.
Prices for new Almonds have been estab
lished. The Davisville Almonds, some 3:, cars.
have been sold at 7'_e for Languedocs and '"--
per lb for paper-shell. September delivery.
Fruits are In good shape. Apricots being es
pecially firm. J.;*' _..,,_
DRIED FRUITS .New Crop) Apricots, »H<B '
lOWc for Royals. and IPrMJUVic for Moorparks; ;
Peaches, "•■■ -i^'-;--. Evaporated Apples, S'-jtffS^c.
RAISINS 3*wc for two-crown. 4\c for three
crown. 6%C for four-crown, »"4©*Bc for Seedless
Sultanas. 3Uc for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Pried Grapes. 2.i@3c.
Chestnuts, 7c per lb: Walnuts. s£Sc
for hardshell. lOSTIc for softshell: Chile Wal
nuts. llftl-'c: Almonds, new crop. 7Hc for
Languedoc and Viifi for paper-shell; Pea
nuts. (OTc for Eastern and 44tfao tor Califor
nia: Cocoanuts, $4 60<ff5.
HONEY— Comb, lie for bright and 10c for
light amber; water white extracted, 6"i»®7Vic: ;
light amber extracted, S%o6">fcc; dark, (.®s^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Sc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The demand continues pood and prices are
firm.
CUREP MEATS— Bacon. SHe per lb for
heavy, Sff-O-ic for light medium, llc for light.
12V>c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 17 _ \Z'-_- : Califor
nia Hams, l_:i!:-.c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbi;
extra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef. $154*15 50;
extra Prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear. $16 50;
mess, $15© 15 70; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARP— Tierces quoted at s*4 ©f%c per lb for
compound and 6H@7c for pure; half barrels,
pure 7».;c; l'" 1 -' 0 tins. 7 1 i@'Sc; o-lb tins. ...;■>-.-.•
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%©6% c; packages, j
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 ln a case. 94c: !
3-lb pails. 20 in a case, SS'': 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case. 84c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 ln a case, 7. 4 c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, SHe: fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7ftc; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7"«ic.
HIOES. TALLOW, WOOL ANO HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lOlglO^c; medium. .^/f'Vsc; light. 9c;
Cowhides. 9c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins. shearlings. 2 (l lr3ec each; short
Woo], 35@60c each: medium. 7'">fi3oc; long Wool.
Socssl M each: Horse Hides, salt. $2'(i2 25 for
large and $1 25© 1 50 for small; Colts. 25050 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Hc per lb; No.
2 3Jf3"-_c: refined. : grease, 2'g2'e ! c.
WOOL — f print Clips — San Joaquin and i
Southern. 7 months, BOllc; Foothill and North
ern free 11014 c: Foothill and Northern defect
ive, 9'gllc; Nevada. ll©ltc; San Joaquin Foot
hill "free. 10012 c: do defective. >>fiSo. Humboldt
and Mendocino. 16H01Sc: Valley Oregon. 170
ISc; Eastern Oregon. 12014 c for choice and 90
114 c for fair to good.
HOPS— IS9S crop. IS9VPAe per lb; 1599 crop,
1246130 bid and refused.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no change to report. >
Wholesale rates {rom slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 74OS\;c per It for Steers and 64@7c
for Cows.
VEAL»-«611C per It).
MUTTON— 6407 c; Ewes. 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 74'3'«c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. s*>«c for small, 5 7 -Ao6c for
medium and 54c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 54c; dressed Hogs. 7084 c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 54c: Wool
Bags. 26028 c; San Quentin Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $s: Southfleld Wellington. $7 .v.; Seattle. $•*;
Bryant, $6. Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, $7 50:
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 In bulk and $10 50
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12:
Cannel. $8 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton ln bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotas, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A 'Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5Sc:
Powdered, 77- . Candy Granulated, st;c: Dry
Granulated, 54c; Confectioners' A, 54c; Cali
fornia A 4 »c: Magnolia A. i\r ; Extra C, 440:
Golden C, 44c; barrels, l-16c more; half
barrels, 4c more: boxes. 4c more: 50-lb bags.
He more. No order taken for less than 77
barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. s"sc; boxes. 6HC per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, July 17.
Flour, qr sks 7.678 Shorts, sks 75
Wheat, ctls 71.37.2 Wool, bags 513
Barley ctls 74,801 Wool, bales 270
Oat« " ctls.... 4,670 Straw, tons 2
Corn', 'tis 90 Hay. tons 86S
Rye. ctls 270 Paper, reams 1,080
cheese Ctls 47 1 Lime, bbls 135
Butter.' ctls 121 Sugar, bbls 25
Tallow ctls 260 Sugar, sks 800
Beans, sks 553 Wine, gals 64.800
Potatoes sks -.'-'7 Leather, rolls 64
Onions, sks 1.305 Eggs, dos 10.41"
Bran, sks 2,0.4 Pelts, bdls 275
Middlings, sks... 365 Hides, no 273
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 892 Bran, sks 834
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4.200 Shorts, sks 1,335
Bran, sks - ; .-P^
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were moderately active on the
morning call, with an adx-ance in Contra Costa
Water to $74.
In the afternoon business was active, with a
decline In Gas and Electric to $69 75 and In
Paauhau Plantation to $39 87%.
Mining stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. The telegram from the pump said:
"A break occurred In the supply pipe on the
street at 5:20 p. m. Saturday. We stopped the
pump thirteen hours. The water raised 22 feet.
We started the pump at 6:30 a. m. yesterday,
and continued to run as usual. The water is
now 190 feet 6 inches below the 1750 level, and
Ie 4 feet 6 Inches deep on the floor of the 1950
level station."
The Eureka Consolidated Mining Company re
ports $1154 cash on hand July 1.
The Comstoek Pumping Association reports
a balance of about $13,500 in its treasury.
The report from the Consolidated California
and Virginia mine tor the past week reads as
follows: "The Comstock Pumping Association
has been engaged in the following work at the I
C. and C. shaft during the past week: 1400
level— The west drift has been extended 24 feet;
total, 702 feet. The face is in quartz and por
phyry. 1650 Necessary repairs are oeing
made on this level. 17"'"' level— The stope., have
been extended one set to the west, and in doing
so we have extracted 02 tons of ore of a gold
value of $21 31 per ton. We have also taken
from this level 45 tuns of $7 ore. This ore has
been kept separate from that of higher grade.
Work in the winze was discontinued when the
clay wall was fully exposed. 1800 level— The
south drift was cleaned for a distance of 41)
feet, making a total length of 70 feet. The ma
chinery on the surface and underground is ln
good condition and working well."
The report from the Ophir mine is as fol
lows: "No underground work has been done
the past week through the Ophir shaft. Central
tunnel— The joint Mexican west crosscut was
started and advanced 26 feet: face In porphyry
with clay separations. From the old working!
that are located 50 feet south of the winze on
this level and about 60 feet west, a cave ex
posed some old fillings from which we have
extracted five carloads of ore of a gold value
Of $14 35 per ton. Sutro tunnel connection— Th,:
Sutro tunnel direct connection was extended 11
feet: total. 261 feet: face ln hard rock. We have
put In a switch that will enable us to run north
and south on the 4 foot vein, cut some time
since, and have also arranged air pipe for this
work so that the vein may be followed in the
same direction. Work has been continued In
the southwest drift and the drift extended 7
feet: total length, 61 feet; face in quartz and
porphyry." 7 :• '>yyy-y.:
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 level.
the south drift started from the main west
drift opposite the north drift was advanced 29
feet; total length, 179 feet: face in porphyry
with clay and -quartz seams through it. West
crosscut No. 2, opposite east v crosscut No. 2.
was advanced 10 feet; face ln hard footwall:
total length. 18 feet. Two men are engaged ln
repairing the raise, 900 level— The north drift
from the west end of west crosscut No. 2 has
been advanced 12 feet: total length. 112 feet;
face in porphyry and clay.
In the Hale & Norcross mine the H. and N.
tunnel has been cleaned out and retimbered
during the week 72 feet, making total distance
put in good condition 616 feet; face at present
in more open or better working ground than at
last report.' •■'■'■'. .
In the Chollar and Potosl mines the joint west
tunnel has been advanced during the week 30
feet, total length. 302 feet; face in clay, con
taining bowlders of quartz which yield good as
says. The joint Bulllon-Potosl west crosscut
has been advanced 19 feet: total length. 259
feet; face In clay and porphyry. Sutro tunnel
level— The Zadlg drift has been advanced 12 feet
during the week: total length. 960 feet; race
ln very hard porphyry. •________.
The stockholders of the . East Sierra Nevada
Mining Company have authorized a r ed «ct l °^
of the capital stock from $10,000,000^ In 100.000
■hares of $100 each, to $100,000. in 100.000 shares
of $1 the annual meeting of the Union Consoli-
At the annual meeting ot the Union Consoli
dated Mining Company yesterday afternoon.
97.837 shares of "the capital stock were repre
sented, and the following directors were
elected: Charles H. Fish. Charles Hirschfeld, 1
A G. Ournstt, William Barman and Thomas
Cole. Charles H. Fish was elected president
Charles Htrschfeld vice president, A. I. swain
secretary and EC, L. Parker treasurer.
At ■ meeting yesterday of the committee on
cheap power of the ComstOOfc Pumping Asso
ciation the report Of Electrician C. E. ¥ ? '' h '* r -
Who recently made an examination of the sites
on the Truckee River, at which several par
ties and concerns have offered to erect gener
ating plants and transmit electrical power to .
the Comstock mines, was received, and action ,
on It was deterred until 2:30 p. 111. to-day, In 1
order that one of the concerns can put In a
formal bid, all the others having already done
so.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, July 17—2 p. m
-Md Ai*. Bid Ask
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14ft 154
4s quar coup.. - Oakland Gas.. 4a 4, ft
4s quar reg... — — Pa*' Gas Imp.. 70ft 714
4s cuar new.. — — Pac LCo — '".-
Ss quar coup.. 103 109 S FG & E.... 69ft —
Miscellaneous San Fran 34 —
Cal-st Cab 55.1154 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat f.5... — 111 I Insurance—
V 1. A P 65.. .1304 - Firem's Fund. 226 —
F A Cl Ry 6s.ll6ftllS j Bank Stocks-
Geary-st R ss. — 104* !Anglo-Cal .... 654 —
H C A S 545. 1074 — Bank of Ca1. .290 29*4
L A Rv 55... — 1074 Cal S D & T.. — 100
L AL Co 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.22o -
Do gntd *s.. 9*» — Lon P A A. ...1294 —
Do gntd 55.. 95 100 Mer Exchange— 16
M«rkei-st 65. .1264. Nev Nat 8k...150 —
Do Ist M ss. 116 1164 Savings Bank*—
vCN G R 75. 109 - Ger S & L...1610 1650
N Ry Cal 6s. .1134114 "urn S * L.*.o*.« 11*"
NR of '"al *-. 114 — Mutual Say.. 34 424
NPC R R 6s. — — S F Say U... 5124 —
NPC R R ss. — 1054 S&L So — ««%
N Cal R R ss. 11l — i Security SB.— 300
OGL A H '8.111 — Union T Co.. —1465
Oak Transt 6s. 110 lit ! Street Railroads—
Om C Rv Rs 127 110 California 116 —
P A Cl Ry 68.104 1074 Geary 60 —
PAO 6s 115 — Market-st — 604
Powell-st 65... 118 1224 (i_. Bl* 4 H. - —
Sac El Rv sb. — — Prtsldio . ..... — *•
S F * N P 1134 — I Powder—
S F & S J Vis. 1144115 (California .... — 165
-.erraß Cal 65.10«4 - IF Dynamite... — 96
S P of A 65... 1104111 Giant Con Co. *3ft —
SPC 6s(l">osi.ii2 U*ft I Vlgorit — »4
S P C 66(1906). — 1144' Sugar—
S P C 65(i9121.118 1224 Hana P C 0.... I**4 i*'»
SPCIs eg 5s — 1071, Haw Cftß C. — 994
SPBr 6s — — Hutch S P Co. — 33"*
S V Wat 65... 1164116 ft Kilauea S Co. 294 32
S V Wat 45... 104 104 ft Makawell S C. 474 —
SV W 4s(3dm)lol — Onomea S Co. 40 40ft
Stktn Gas 65.. 1024 — .Paauhau S P. 39ft 394
Water Stocks— ' M'«cellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 734 74 Al Pac A55n. .1134 —
Marin Co SO - Ger Ld Wks.. —
Spring Valley. lOlftlOl-j, Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Gas and Electric— Oceanic 8 Co. 914 "
Capital Gas... — — .Pac A F A. -'%- .
central G Co.. — — iPac C Bor C 0.134 135
Cent LAP... 64 — I Par Paint Co.. 74 -
Eqult G L Co. 4 5 !
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Contra Costa Water -3 50
50 Contra Costa Water 74 00
100 Equitable Gas jj 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 17 *a
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 .a
5 Makawell 47 624
50 Makawell 47 50 ;
7 Makawell *" 3*4
60 Market Street Railway 6100
65 Market Street Railway 60 874
60 Oceanic S S Co 91 "
-5" Paauhau S F Co 40 »0
75 Paauhau S P Co <*» »
20 ? V Water 101 "4
Afternoon Session.
Board
10 Contra Costa Water *3 B*4
315 Contra Costa Water 74 00
40 Contra Costa Water, b 5 74 00
117 Hana Plantation Co, b 10 17 874
5 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 99 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
6 Hutchinson S P Co 33 624
15 Hutchinson S P Co 33 50
75 Market Street Railway 60 874
60 Market Street Railway, b 4 60 874
$3000 Market St Ry con 5 per cent bonds. ll6 25
$100*) North Ry of '" a i 5 per cent bonds.. 124
$5000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent 110 50
100 Oceanic S SCo 91 75 j
M Paauhau S P Co 40 124
25 Paauhau S P Co 40 00
125 Paauhau S P Co 39 874
15 S V Gas A Electric Co 70 25
60 - F Gas A Electric Co 70 00
27 S F Gas A Electric Co 69 874 '.
_. S F Gas A Electric Co 69 75
5 S V Water 101 874
$5000 S V 4 per cent bonds 104 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Hutchinson P P Co 33 874
100 Vlgorit Powder 3 124
35 S V Water 101 75
30 Hana Plantation Co 17 624
Afternoon Session.
25 M^k« Street RaHway 6100.
25 Market Street Railway 6100
40 Contra Costa Water 73 75
30 Hutchinson S P Co 33 75
15 Oceanic S S Co 91 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
-30 Contra Costa Water *3 25
17 Equitable Gas 5 00
45 Hutchinson S P Co 33 874
60 Onomea Sugar Co 40 75
21 S ;- Gas A Electric Co 70 574
10 S F Gas <•*- Electric Co 70 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
30 Contra Costa Water 73 624
2" Contra Costa Water 73 50
50 Equitable Gas 5 00
$10*10 Cal St Cable 5s 114 50
43 Hutchinson S P Co 33 «74
2.7 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 90 50 1
30 Hana Plantation Co 17 624
30 Market Street Railway 61 00
20 Market Street Railway 60 874
$300.. North Ry of Cal 5s 114 00
40 Oceanic S S Co.. 91 874
20 Pacific Coast Borax 134 50
50 1' S Smokeless Powder 1 50
100 Vigorlt Powder 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales 'In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 09 200 Gould A Curry. 39
200 Andes 16 600 Hale A Norers. 33
100 Belcher 25 j 100 Mexican 55
400 Best A Belcher 54' 100 Mexican 56
200 Best A Belcher 73 250 Ophir 10
1000 Bullion 09 1600 Potosl 62
'."Caledonia 651 MS Savage 24
1000 hollar 27; 200 Seg Belcher.... 08
100 hollar 28 100 Seg Belcher.... 07
200 Con Cal A V.. 00 400 Union Con 37
100 Con Cal & V... 2 o*. 100 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta OS 200 Ophir 110
2*30 Belcher 25 300 Overman 14
400 Caledonia 61 20*1 Potosl 50
300 Chollar 25 200 Potosl 47
100 Con Cal A V...2 00 100 Savage 24
100 Gould A Curry. 40 100 Union Con 39 i
100 Gould A Curry. 41 100 Yellow Jacket.. 32 .
200 Occidental 27
Following were the sales in the Paclflc Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 251 250 Mexican 57
200 Best A Belcher 56 300 Ophir 110
200 Bullion 09 400 Ophir 1 074 !
600 Chollar 20 200 Ophir 1 124
120-1 Chollar 2812000 Potosl 53
300 Chollar 27: 300 Potosl ..." 54
100 Con Cal A V... 2 00 400 Potosl 52
200 Con Cal A V.l 974 400 Potosl 51 j
100 Confidence 874 1 600 Sax-age 26 1
200 Gould A Curry. 41 900 Savage 21;
700 Gould A Curry. 39 2"0 Union Con 38 j
600 Hale A Norers. 37
Afternoon Session.
700 Best A Belcher 53 150 Overman 14 |
200 Caledonia 62 150 Overman 13
200 Caledonia 60 900 Potosl 52 !
200 Chollar 27 600 Potosi 48 ]
500 Con Cal A V.l 974 300 Potosl 47 I
400 Gould A Curry. 40 300 Savage 25 ;
200 Mexican 55 20" Savage 24
300 Ophir 1 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAT. July 17—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid Ask.
Alpha — 96 Justice 07 08
Alta 07 08 Kentuck 03 ■ 05
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 25 26 Mexican 55 56
Best A Belcher 53 54 Occidental 26 28
Bullion .* OS 09 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 57 69 Overman 13 14
Chollar 26 27 Potosl ..._. 48 49
Challenge Con. 25. — Savage 23 24
Confidence » 90 Scorpion 02 03
Con Cal A V...1 95 200 Seg Belcher 07 08
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 61 62
Crown Point... 24 26 Silver Hill 01 03
Eureka C0n.... 40 —Syndicate ...... — 05
Con New York. — 01 Standard . ./.... —2 40
Exchequer — °< St Louis _ 15
Gould A Curry. 39 40 Union Con 37 33
Hale A Norers. 35 37 I'tah 10 12
uUa 02 0-MTellow Jacket.. 31 32
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
L P. Drexler to Ellse A. Drexler (wife of
LP) lot commencing 155:4 W of Van Ness
avenue and 102:8*4 S of Sacramento street, W
4by S 93:3; $10. «_,— »«.
James C. Dunn to W. F. Ambrose, lot on
SE corner of Fulton and Steiner streets. S 55
by E 110; $10. _._. _,„__.
"Walter M.. .lames H. and Harriet or Hattie
Cary to George P. Allen, lot on NE corner of
Fulton and Devisadero streets, N 62:6 by E
110: $10.
Estate of James C. Cary (by Walter M. Cary.
executor) to same, same; $7300. c-_ -.-. ;
Charles E. and Mary E. Green and Laura
B Roe to Wilhelmina C. E. Hendy (wife. of
Samuel J.), lot on N line of Clay street, 207.6
W of Locust. W 37:6 by N 127:8*4: $10.
' Bertha Schonwasser to Mary A. Ruggles
(wile of A. B), lot on N line of Post street.
137:6 W of Leavenworth, W 35 by Is 137.6, $10.
Louis P. and Elise A. Drexler to Harvey
Dana, undivided half Interest in the /olio™:
ing: Lot. on N line of Howard street. *■*.-*
W of Main. W 45:10 by N 137:6; also lot on Nh
line of Beale street, 137:6 NW of Howard. NB
275. NW 91:8, SW 137:6. SE 15:10, SW 137.6, bL
45:10, reserving life estate; $10.
Jacob J. and Julia M. Raver to Joseph B.
Coryell, lot on NW corner of Alameda and Kan
sas streets. N 360 by W 109; also lot on NY, cor
ner of Alameda find Rhode Island streets. -N
360 by W 200, quitclaim deed: $10. _„--.-.
Charles E. and Ruby Hutchinson to Thomas
W. and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on S line of
Twenty-fourth (Sonoma^ street. 75 > E of Rhode
Island." E 25 by S 100; also lot on "A line of De
Ham street. 150 S of Twenty-fourth, S 2o by
W 100: $10. :.,- t'-'-u.;
Solomon and Dora Getz to John J. 'Larkey.
lot on W line of Eighteenth avenue. 100 N of J
street. N 23 by W 120; $10. ... „ „_.
John Cowle to Elizabeth Cowie. lot on N line
of o street. 107:6 W of Twenty-third avenue, VV
25 by N 100; gift.
Alameda County.
Blanche de Begon de Larouziere to Robert S.
Farrellv, lot on SW corner of Broadway and
Seventh street. W 77 by S 50. being lots lo and
16. block «*'.. Oakland: $1". *->•<-«„
Ceclle Coin to Daniel F. and Ceclle M. O Con
nell. lot on NW corner of Booth and Mont
gomery streets. N 175 W 60:5. S 177.52. E 32
to beginning, being lots 53 and 54. block 10,
Howe Tract. Oakland: $10.
Leo S. and Estelle H. Nichols to Henry Red
dtnger 'lot on N line of Thirty-second street.
28:3 : E of Chestnut. E 2.7 by N 100. being a
portion of lot 1. block 675. Watts Tract, map 2,
Ofklnnd: $10. __ «_.„,—
Lulu S. and William L. Taylor to Henry
Cook, lot 7 and 22. block U, Amended Map Moss
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10-
NOTICE TO % MARINERS.
— : —
On and after July 1. 1899, a light will be
established at Diamond Head, on the south side
of Oahu. Hawaiian Islands.
Latitude 21 degrees 15 minutes 8 seconds
Longitude 157 degrees U minutes 44 seconds
Elevation of light above sea lex-el. 145 feet.
Visibility, fifteen miles.
Stone tower 40 feet high whitewashed.
Base of tower above sea level, 92 feet
The lens Is a dioptric lens of the third order
showing a fixed white light through an arc of
I*6 degrees 45 minutes, with a red sector on
the west side covering 114 degrees. The li:ht
is shaded on the east side to a line which
passes one-half mile outside of Koko Head.
From this line the bearing of the light Is north
87 degrees 20 minutes west true. From the outer
margin of red sector on west side the light
bears south Sl degrees 10 minutes east true.
From the inner margin of red sector on the
line of channel lights the light bears south 69
degrees 40 minutes east true. No light shows
Inside of this line. This line is distant from
the bell buoy on a line due south (mag.) 3100
feet. On the line of channel lights the outer
margin of red sector is distant from the middle
buoy at entrance to channel 1% miles.
PACK A A LIGHT.
The light at Paukaa, Hilo, has been changed
to a green light.
BOAT WHARF, HILO.
A red light has been put on the boat wharf
at Waiakea, Hilo. JAMES A. KING.
Minister of the Interior.
Department of the Interior. Honolulu, H. 1..
July 1. 1899.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAT. JULY I*.
Sun rises & : « ;
Pun sets.'.'.'.*.'.'.'..'..'. 7* M
Moon wets o:2* «*• m.
D Time Time I Time jTlmei
R Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
.-» I. W HW| I. W H.W
18 > 1-401 0.2 8:58! 3.7 12:36 3.0 7:04 6.0
19 '" 234-0-0 3! ft .53 4.0 1:43' 8.1 8:00! 6.1
20 '". 824-0.7' 10:441 4.5 2:44 3.1 9:001 6.3
21 '" 4 11-10 11:26 4.7 3:44 3.0 9:501 6.4
1,2 " 4561-1. 1 12:08' 6.0 4:40 2.7' 10:46! 6.4
2 " s:'4Ql-l.lj 72:40! -.2 5 34' 2.3| ': 88 6.3
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column Rives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
giver, are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference _ the mean of the lower tow waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Portland St Michael July 18
America Maru..iChlna and Japan July IS
A Blanchard...!Coos Pay July }»
Homer St. Michael July is
Columbia Portland July 19
Corona San Diego... _... July 19
Cleveland Puget Sound Ju y 19
Fulton ' Portland Ju y 19
Weeott Humboldt 'July 19
Aloha Point Arena [July 19
Robt Adamson.lNanaimo July 19
Colon Panama July w
Willamette [Seattle July 20
Cha* Nelson. ..iSt. Michael July 2' l
Luell'a (Tillamook July 20
Washtenaw ....ITacoma July 20
Bonita Newport...... ........ July 21
Walla Walla... I Victoria & Puget B^und July 21
Australia Honolulu July 21
Point Arena.... Point Arena July 21
Mackinaw ITacoma July 21
Pomona Humboldt July 21
Progress [Seattle July 22
Santa Rosa San Diego July *3
Bristol Departure Bay July 23
<; un ol 'Grays Harbor [July 23
State California-Portland July 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City [July 24
Areata Coos Bay July 24
North Fork Humboldt 'July 24
Coos Bay {Newport [July 25
City of Peking. china and Japan July 29
.1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! Destination. sans. r-ier.
San Juan . I Panama July 18. 12 ml PMSS
Pomona ...Humboldt July 18. 2 Pier «
A Blanch'dlCoos Bay lJuly 18, 10 am Pier 13
Coquille Grays Harbor, July 19, 2 pm Pier 28
Coo« Bay... 'Newport .... Uuly I°. ' am Pier "
Areata .... Coos Bay 'July 19. 10 am Pier 13
Cltv Puebla'Vic *- Pet July 20. 10 am Pier 9
Weeott .... Humboldt July 20. 2 Pier 13
Portland ..St Michael... July 20. 2 pm|
Aloha Point Arena.. July 20. 3 Pier 2
Corona .... San Diego July 21. 11 am Pier 11
Fulton Humboldt July 21, 2 Pier 20
America M. .China i-JapanlJuly 22, I pm'PMSS
Columbia ..(Portland July 22, 10 am Pie 24
Cleveland ..IPuget Sound.. July 22, 5 pm Pier 2
Del Norte. .(Alaska July 22, 2 pm Pier 24
Bonita (Newport [July 23. 9 am Pier 11
Luella '.Tillamook July 23. 3 Pier 2
Pt Arena. .lPolnt Arena.. July 24. 2 Pier 3
Santa Ro«a San Diego July 25, 11 am Pier 11
Walla Wall! Vie A- Pet Sd. July 25. 10 amlPier 9
State of Cal Portland July 27. 10 amlPier 24
Steamer. !
Destlnat
'•
TIME BALL.
Branch Hvdrographic Offlce, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
July 17. 109.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c. at noon of the 12'ith meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 17.
Stmr Coqullle River. Thompson. 3 days from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Cleone, Hlggins. 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. "*9 hours from New
port (?)•
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. 72 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Buhne, Kalb, 4S hours from Eu-
Sclir Nettie Sundborg. Nelson, 15 hours from
Fort Ross. -b-bb
CLEARED.
Monday, Julj 17.
Brig Lurline, McLeod. Kahulul; Alexander &
Baldwin.
SAILED.
Monday, July 17.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr State of California. Goodall, Astoria.
Stmr Greenwood. Faeerlund. .
Bktn Monitor, Tcrloff, Eureka.
CHARTERS.
The Mohican and schr Aloha load mdse for
Honolulu.
The City of Papeete loads mdse for Tahiti;
Czar, mdse for Mazatlan; Slam, supplies for
Manila.
The Carrollton loads lumber on the Sound for
Sydney. 455; Robert Sudden, same business, 41s
6d.
TELEGRAPHIC. ;
POINT LOBOS. July 17. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind SW; velocity 14 miles. :■'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 16— Schr
Wm F Witzeman, from Taku. July 17— Schr
Excelsior, from Newport (S).
Sailed July 16— Schr Maweema. for St Michael.
Launched July 15, 8:30 p m— Schr Winslow.
PORT. LUDLOW— Arrived July 16— Schr Ran
ger, from Hilo. * : • -_••♦.. s
FORT BRAGG— July 17— Stmr Noyo.
hence July 16.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 15— Schr Nep
tune. July 16— Schr Lizzie Prlen, for Sa_a Fran
cisco.
Arrived July 15— Schr Jennie Stella, from
i . July 16— Schr Glen, hence July 2-
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE!
__?! £» fes
THURSDAY. July 20, a' 11 o'clock.
At GREAT WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
310 GOLDEN GATE AYE.,
I will sell at public auction 60 head of draft
and driving horses, suitable for all purposes.
This stock is in flne condition and will be sold
without limit -or reserve.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
PORT LOS* ANGELES— July 17— Stmr
Mineola, from Nanaimo.
Sailed July 17— Nor stmr Tltanla. for Na
naimo.
ST MlCHAEL— Arrived— Stmr St Paul. hence
June 25; Mar Catherine Sudden, hence May _-.
bark A Kate, from Nanaimo.
Sailed July 3— Stmr Portland, for Pun Fran
cisco. July "4— Stmr Laurada. for Seattle.
In port July 4— Stmr Bertha, for San Fran
cisco. _. .
FNALASKA— SaiIed July 5— Stmr St Paul,
for St Michael. _
EUREKA— SaiIed July 17— Stmr South Coast,
for Huer.eme .
Arrived July 9 — Schr Occidental, hence
July 0.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived July 17- Schr Lizzie
Vance, from Eureka.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 17— Stmr Laurada.
from St Michael. - . -' . .. _ .
"80-WENS LANDING— July L— Schr
Monterey, from Santa Cruz. ___
Sailed July 17— Schr Newark, for San Fran
cisco. .
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived July 16— Shir Wm H
Smith, hence March 17.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER — Passed up
July 16— Ship I F Chapman: ship W F Bah
cock. from Honolulu; bark St Katherlne. from
Hllo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed July 16— Stmr Senator,
for San Francisco.
LA PAZ— Arrived July 3— Schr Gen Banning,
hence June 15.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed July 14— Stmr Colon, tor
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed July Haw stmr As
tec, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 17- Br stmr Doric, hence June
17.
MANlLA— Arrived July . Br ship Bidston
Hill, hence April 24.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived July 3— Bktn
John Smith, from Delagoa Bay. to sail July
17 for Honolulu.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior July IS— Br bar..
Colllnprove. from Port Blakeley
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Arrived July 17— Stmr Friederieh
der Grosse. via Southampton.
ANTWERP— Arrived July Stmr Kensing
ton, from New York. ' ,
MOVlLLE— Arrived July 17— Stmr Dominion,
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 17— Stmr Amster
j dam. from Rotterdam.
OCEAN TBA VEX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k^ ' Steamers leave Broadway
WW., wharf, San Francisco:
1 USflSßtak. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. as..
Ifffl^3wsBl_ July 1£ 20 - 25 - :!0 - August *•
It&Hraß change at Seattle.
1 _*)_-&_-___* *al For Victoria. Vancouver B.
_ _______________Xf C * Port Townsend. Seattle,
Ir Mß^__^_^H Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
1 and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. July 15. 20, 25. 30.
A,,™.. 4 and every fifth day thereafter.
change at Eh. to "this company's steamer,
for Allska and G. N. Ry. : . it Tacoma to N. P.
Ry ; at Vancouver to *-. £■ «>■ _ .
For Eureka .Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., July
13. 18. 23. 28. August 2. and every fifth day
th £or af Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Caxruco. i Port Harford 'San Luis Obispo).
gIvS Santa Barbara Ventura, Huenem^
San , Pedro. East B San Pedro (Los Ar.ge les) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 15. 19. 23. 2.. 3L au
gust P 4 and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego, stopping only .Port Har
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Pert
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a
m Jul* 13, 17. 21. 25. 29. August 2. and every
fourth day thereafter. . ,
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa 10 **"?
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
"'for further Information obtain _ folder.^
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a TICKKT* OFK.CK -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS^ 00. & »^«fe,
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at "0 a. m
CADC *>2 First Class Including Bert*
I rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
! Columbia sails July 22.
! State of California sails July .27.
! Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
. Helena and all points In the Northwest.
• Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
03" 1 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. ..,.,...
Superintendent.
TOiF]OSENKAISnI
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
■ TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
'■■ Kobe (Hloga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers f.-.r
India, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
! cf sailing.
AMERICA MARU Saturday. Jul» 22
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
I 421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
P___B__-H___M_l The S. S. Australia
_SfiaP__l_L* ! for Honolulu
■P-_"ai««*»VV*ednesday. July 26.
™ -. at 2 p. ra. M
\'^\ 3 - s - Moana sails
jtnrncnin,/! ""'la Honolulu and
.WJIIUIIIj/ Auckland for Sydney
= -nr.'.!?Ll~ Wednesday - August 9.
Win.. i>wg Bt H _, „-
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc: .*>lo flrst class.
J 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific SL Freight Offlce. 327 Market St.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST MICHAEL. GOLOVIN BAT. CAPE
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamers
BERTHA AND PORTLAND,
Carrying U. S. Mail.
Will leave San Francisco between 15th and
20th of July for above points, making prompt
connections' with our river steamers on the
For freight, passage and further information
"^ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANT.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sansome st , San Francisco. Cal.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Eve.y Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Et Paul .....July 13 1 St. Paul August in
New York.... August '-' New York. .. .August 23
St. Louis August 9. St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland July 19 1 Westernland ...Aug. »
Adrla July 26 i Kensington — Aug. 1«
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. _.
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding 'reight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
COMPA3NIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ..-.^_
balling every Saturday at 10 a. m. <___JP__!\
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •***!&£»
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. July 22; LA GAS-
COGNE. July 2.v LA TOURAINE, August 5:
LA CHAMPAGNE. August 12; LA BRE-
TAGNE. August 19. Flrst-class to Havre. J«5
and upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction
en round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
t'NITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
& CO. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery
nx-e.. Sari Francis^-.- -*-..: .v. ..-...-
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. in.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 r>. m
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at > -p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SOS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 945
a. m.. 3:15. S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night)- Fri-
days. 1 p. m. ard 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE MoALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
DID NOT WANT
TO MARRY HER
"GRANDFATHER"
Why Edith Gould Left
Her Uncle's Home.
• — -♦ —
JOHNSON'S OFFER REFUSED
WAS 53 AND HIS NIECE 16
YEARS OF AGE.
1
Wanted to Marry the Girl Because
She Remained Out at Night
and He Feared She Had
Been Imprudent-
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 17.
Because J. C. Johnson, a carpenter, liv
ing at 1369 Eleventh street, wanted to
marry his pretty niece-in-law, Edith
Gould, the latter left his home, preferring
to battle her way in the cold world rather
than, as she expressed it, "marry a man
old enough to be her grandfather."
"The unholy linking of youth with old
age" seems to be all the rage in Oakland
just at present. Only a short while ago
Capitalist Joseph Boardmau startled and
shocked society by taking to him a wife
who had just graduated from the High
School and who had only seen seventeen
brief summers. Johnson, who is 55 years
of age, wanted to go irdman one bet
ter, so he proposed to Edith Gould, who
is only 16 years of age.
Johnson's suit was as brief as her re
fusal of marriage was determined. About
a month ago Edith went to live with her
uncle-in-law. She had been at his house
scarcely two weeks before her elderly rel
ative became obnoxious by his persistent
offers of marriage. The girl left his home
and went to Piedmont, where she secured
work in a private family. On Saturday
Mabel Johnson, a daughter of Johnson,
called upon Chief of Police Hodgkins and
told lm that Edith had left her father's
home without saying where she was go
ing and that the family was very much
concerned about her. Detective Qulgley
was detailed on the case and he went to
Piedmont and brought the girl into the
city. She was questioned by Chief Hodg
kins, who declared that she told a straight
story and that there was nothing for the
police to do in the matter. Edith has
as a temporary guardian, J. E. Henderson
of the Homeflndlng Association.
Mr. Henderson makes the following
statement: "When Mrs. O. M Sanford,
the former secretary" of the associaiton,
went away about a year ago she left in
mv chatge a number of her wards, among
them being Edith Gould. A short while
ago .I;-- Johnsons came to me and said
that they wanted Edith to visit them. As
they were her near relatives 1 saw no
harm in her so doing and I permitted her
to go. When she Informed me that her
uncle had proposed to he* I told her to
leave the house. This she has done and
this is all there is to the case. At pres
ent she is at work in a. private family
at Piedmont."
Edith Gould herself confirms the state
ment made by Henderson.
At the Johnson home no one was to be
seen but Mabel Johnson. She said that
Edith had told her father of the harsh
way in which she had been treated at the
different places at which she had worked
and that he had felt sovty for her and I
.had made her an honorable proposal of
marriage. This Miss Johnson declared
was all there was to the matter. She said
Edith had been in the habit of staying
nut very late at night while at their home I
and that her father was afraid she had j
been i?. •-■prudent and that wanting to pro
tect her hp had proposed to her.
Edith Gould is a very handsome Monde.
She is- well developed for her age ' and
might ea-silv pass for IS -ears. She de
nies that she told her uncle that she had
been badly treated elsewhere or that she
remained out late nt night.
THOUGH ROCKEFELLER'S
UNCLE, HE DIED POOR
OAKLAND. July 17.— John R. Rockefel
ler, an aged indigent, died at the County
Infirmary last night and will probably
be buried in the potter's held at the
charge of the county.
If a statcmesit he made to some of the
other inmates recently be true he ls an
uncle of the Standard Oil magnate and
multi-millionaire. He dec'ared that his
nephew, who enjoys an Income of $56,000
and over dally, formerly sent him money,
but that ii slipped through his fingers on
account of his convivial habits and that
finally John D. had cut off the allowance
altogether. He claimed to be a native of
Ohio. aged 60 years.
Deceai-ed was sent to the infirmary sev
eral months ago upon an! order by Su
pervisor Church, who trives little credence
to the story of };i.s relationship with the
oil magnate. Had there been reason to
credit the story of deceased Supervisor
Churr-h asserts that Dr. Clark, superin
tendent at the infirmary, would certainly
have communicated with the rich rela
tives^ I
GBAPE-NTJTS.
f ACTIVE BRAINS I
9 9
9 9
% Must Have GOOD FOOD J
® or Nervous 5
9 9
9 Prostration Surely Follows 9
9 9
9 9
9 9
© ..USE.. •
I GRAPE-NUTS. |
c o
TO KEEP OUT OF NERVOUS PROS-
TRATION BY PROPER USE
OF FOOD.
It is a lamentable fact that American
brain workers do not, as; a rule, knv.v
how to feed themselves to rebuild the
daily loss occasioned by ..olive mental
effort. This fact, coupled with the
disastrous effects of the alkaloids con-
tained in tobacco, coffee and whisky,
makes a sure pathway toward nervous
prostration. ■
The remedy is simple enough. Em-
ploy the services of a food expert, who
knows the kind of food required to
rebuild the dally losses in the human
body. This can be done by making free
use of Grape Nuts, the famous break-
fast food, which contain-, exactly the
elemental principles which have an af-
finity for albumen and go directly to
rebuild the gray matter In the brain,
solar plexus and nerve centers through-
out the body. Follow your selection of
food up with a dismissal of coffee,
tobacco and whisky for fifteen 'lays
and mark the difference in your mental
ability, which means everything to the
average hustling American, who must
have physical and mental strength or
he falls out in the race for dollars and ,
cents. Price lii cents pqr package*. , j
DEATH CALLS HOWARD
HAVENS, ARGONAUT.
HOWARD HAVENS.
ALAMEDA, July 17.— Death has
claimed another of the sturdy
pioneers who made the early his
tory of California. Howard Ha
vens, after an illness of several
weeks, died last night at his
home, 1031 San Antonio avenue. He was
one of the most prominent men of af
fairs in the State, the head of the Dono
hoe-Kelly Banking Company* and ■ a
leader of the Society of California Pio
neers.
Mr. Havens was born April 26, 182 in
the city of New York. His father, Rens
selaer Havens, was a leading merchant of
that city, prominent in affairs, a large
subscriber to the voluntary contributions
by which the Government was enabled to
carry on the war of ISl__, and also the
owner of numerous privateers, the most
historical of which was the brig General
Armstrong, which he lost in the port of
FayaL Mr- Havens' family is one of the
oldest in America, his mother's ancestors
arriving here in 1626 and his father's in
1635. Both families intermarried with the
Deerings, Sylvesters, Van Hensselaers
and others.
When the "gold fever" of IMS swept
over the country, Mr. Havens Joined tie
band of Argonauts, who have made the
history of California. Landing in San
Francisco November 30, 1649. lie early
started in search of the "golden sands,"
INCENDIARIES ARE
HAUNTING BERKELEY
FIVE BLAZES COME WITHIN A
FEW DAYS.
BERKELEY, July 17.— Five mysterious
fires, occuring within almost as many
days, with no possible explanation of their
origin except incendiarism, are beginning
to alarm the residents of North Berkeley.
All signs point to the presence in the
neighborhood of some cool and deliberate
incendiary who for some reason or other
Is bent on destroying property and people
are beginning to grow anxious lest at any
moment their own residence should be
found in fiames.
A costly blaze this morning, equally
unexplained on any other theory save
that of premeditated Incendiarism, gave
fresh evidence that the fiend is still at his
work. The fire in question broke out at
about 4 o'clock in the residence of Moses
Morris, near the corner of Cedar street
and Shattuck avenue. It seemed as
though an attempt were being made if
possible to destroy the whole block, as the
blaze was started in such a way that the
strong wind blowing at the time would
have spread the flames rapidly had not
the fire companies lent prompt assistance.
It adds to the incendiary theory of this
morning's blaze that no fire had been
burned In the residence for over a week,
as the family is away for the summer
holidays. The only occupant at the time
was Mr. Morris himself, who stays in the
house over night. The North Berkeley
and the Columbia fire companies
responded quickly to the alarm,
but before they could arrive the
more serious part of the damage had been
done. From the Morris house the flames
spread to the house adjoining, owned by
J. P. Blount. The total damage to the
two places amounts to over $4000, two
thirds of which Is covered by insurance.
As soon as the blaze was extinguished the
appearance of the burned building point
ed distinctly to an outside origin of the
fire.
Early last week a similar attempt was
made upon the residence of James Scott,
near the corner of Virginia and Grant
streets. On that occasion the criminal
left abundant evidence of his work in a
basket of shavings and other combustibles
well soaked in coal oil and pushed into the
basement. Since then three similar at
tempts have been made in the vicinity
at the residences of Captain John Slater,
1335 Shattuck avenue: VV*. T. I-ingard. 1332
Waln-it street, and ii. W. Batchelder, on
Shattuck avenue, near Rose street.
BIG CHICAGO CHURCH
WANTS DR. HOBART
OAKLAND, July 17.— Oakland is likely \
to lose another pastor. Rev. C. H. Hobart !
of the First Baptist Church has received !
a call Ip the way of a tempting offer from !
the Normal Park Baptist Church of Chi
cago.
On his recent visit through the Eastern ;
States Rev. Mr. Hobart filled the pulpit
of the Chicago church on several occa
sions during June and the. impression he
made has prompted the offer.
Whether he will accept or not Mr. Ho
bart has not determined, though he has
stated that he regards the offer &. most
enticing one in many respects. The
church is located near the Chicago Uni
versity, from which Mr. Hobart gradu- \
ated. •-77.' -7
-•-.
Death at Smartsville.
MARYS July 17.— 0n Sunday
morning, at her home in Smartsville, Mrs.
Henderson pass* away In her fifty
seventh year. She leaves three sons-
Timothy 8., James T. and George H.
Henderson. Paralysis and other compli
cations hastened the end. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 18. 1899.
enduring his share of dangers and priva
tions. By taste and training a business
man, he soon gravitated back to the cen
ter of commerce. In 1885 he accepted the
position of treasurer with the Sacramento
Valley. Railway Company, and with the
other officers pushed that road to an early
completion At that time he represented
the interests of J. Mora Moss in this new
enterprise. After this railroad was dis
posed of to the Central Pacific, Mr. Ha
vens resigned his position and moved to
San Francisco, where he became asso
ciated with Donohoe, Kelly & Co.. bank
ers, in which flrm he subsequently became
the managing partner. On its incorpora
tion he was made vice president and man
ager. Several years ago, upon the death
of Joseph A. Donohoe, he was nominated
to the presidency.
Feeling the burden of years after an
active life, he retired from business and,
three years ago he came to live in Ala
meda.
As an honored and esteemed member
of the Society of California Pioneers, Mr.
Havens was for twenty-flve consecutive
years the unanimous choice of the society
as treasurer, no bonds ever being required
of him. He retired from the position
about ten years ago, though urged to re
tain the offlce.
Deceased leaves two sons and a daugh
ter—Charles R" Howard C. and Miss Ella
M. Havens. Charles R. Havens is man
ager for Murphy, Grant & Co., and How
ard C. Havens is with the Fireman's
Fund Insurance Company.
FIRE LAYS A UKIAH
BLOCK IN ASHES
Believed to Have Been Started by a
Tramp Sleeping in a
Barn.
SANTA ROSA r July 17.— A special to the
Press-Democrat pays: The city of Ukiah,
the county seat of Mendocino County, was
visited by one of the most disastrous fires
in its history shortly after midnight last
night. As a result of the conflagration
an entire block in one of the principal
portions of the town is In ashes. The
flames first broke out In a small barn back
of H. M. Wright's livery stable, on State
street. In a few moments they had com
municated to the livery stable proper. Al
though every effort possible was made to
save the contents of the building, the fire
spread with such rapidity that only a few
horses and buggies were taken out. Three
horses perished In the flames. The large
stock of hay and pram was destroyed.
Wagner's saloon, the Chinese laundry
next door, I.ayton & Son's blacksmith
shop, the fire department engine house,
Chessal's blacksmith shop and J. Gobi, is'
residence went up in smoke. In the en
gine house was a hose reel containing
over 300 feet of hose, which was destroyed.
Considerable paraphernalia belonging to
the hose company was burned.
The presumption Is that* the fire was
started by a tramp in the barn where the
flames were first seen. If this is the case
the man escaped, for no bodies were
found, although the ashes were searched.
Great difficulty was experienced In fight
ing the fire on account of the scarcity of
water. Owing to repairs being conducted
at the water works the supply had been
shut off entirely. When the alarm was
sounded it was necessary to dispatch a
man on horseback to the water works to
have the water turned on.
The loss will approximate $15,000, only
partially Insured. -.-•.'-
ARTHUR A. LIBBY
DIES AT PASADENA
Chicago Millionaire Succumbs After
an Illness of Four
Months.
LOS ANGELES, July -Arthur A.
Libby, the millionaire Chicago pork
packer, president of the well-known firm
of Libby, McNeil & Libby. died at his
home in Pasadena at 7:30 o'clock this
evening. Libby came to Southern Califor
nia six years ago for the benefit of his
health, but he never recovered from a
nervous affliction. Four months ago he
began to fail rapidly. On Friday last he
became unconscious and entered a state
of collapse. He became completely ex-'
hausted this evening and peacefully
passed away. He leaves six children,
three in Chicago. . The following children
were at hi ' bedside: A. A. Libby Jr., Mrs.
Frank Hamilton and Mrs. Thad F. Upde
graff. The remains will be shipped to
Chicago on Wednesday, where they will
be buried beside those of his wife, who
died in Pasadena a few months ago.
Shafter to Chautauquans.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 17.— Owing to
the fact that the victory of Santiago de
Cuba had to be celebrated two days
ahead to accommodate General Shafter
the day's Chautauqua programme was
somewhat curtailed. Enthusiasm was
very marked through the day, however,
and the entire community united ln hon
oring the work of American arms and
American valor that reached the climax
in the surrender of General Toral and th-?
laying down of the arms of nearly twenty
seven thousand Spanish soldiers just a
year ago in Cuba. General Shafter, who
commanded the Americans on that great
occasion, was present to take part in the
ceremony, and received a generous share
of the people's enthusiasm, .f'^f -jy ■-- (
WAS ATTACKED
AT NIGHT BY A
RAVING MANIAC
Close Call of Calvin
P. Hinds.
— • —
KNIFE HURLED AT HIS HEAD
— * —
DUEL IN BUTCHER'S SHOP NAR
ROWLY AVERTED.
»
Insane Stranger Threatens to Call
Again in Three "Weeks to Ful
fill His Mission of ___9'
ing Butchers.
t
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, j
90S Broadway, July 17.
Calvin P. Hinds, proprietor of the Bos- :
ton Meat- Market, 841 San Pablo avenue, |
reported to the police to-day an expe- |
rience he had last Saturday night, pre
sumably with a maniac, the particulars of j
which rival those of the murderous at
tack made on H. K. Belden with an ax
several weeks ago.
It was about closing time, according to
Mr. Hinds* statement, when a stranger of
medium height and apparently 35 years
of age stepped into his market, casually
inspecting some of the meats hanging on |
the racks. The stranger's visit aroused |
no particular curiosity, but after the mar
ket had been deserted by the usual even- ;
ing shoppers, the stranger suddenly
grabbed a huge butcherknlfe from one of j
the blocks, and rushing at Hinds he de- i
clared that he had come to kill him if he j
moved.
"It's no crime to kill butchers!" shouted j
the stranger, his eyes glaring like those j
of a madman; "for they kill innocent ,
cattle and playful lambs. That's why I
kill butchers, and there's nothing wrong
about that."
Realizing now that he was to be made
the victim of a murderous attack by a
maniac, and being so situated that he
could not reach a weapon of defense.
Hinds tried his persuasive powers, and
agreeing that all butchers are a bad lot
suggested that if he should be spared he
would never again kill cattle, but would
assist ln annihilating those who persist
in so doing. . TT . -
During an unguarded moment, Hinas
made a desperate dash for a heavy meat
cleaver, and the stranger, realizing that
he had been outwitted, promptly retreated
to the door and hurled the knife at the
butcher. Fortunately the point of the i
blade was imbedded in a block.
Almost prostrated over his narrow es
cape' Hinds stood dumfounded, while the
retreating assailant shouted: "I will not
kill you now. You can live three weeks
longer and then I'll get you." With these !
words the stranger left and has not been :
.-•■• 1 1 since. , , _
Mr. Hinds declares that he had never
met the stranger before, and that he is
not aware of any reason why any one,
should desire his death.
The description of Hinds' assailant tal
lies with that of Frank Cheeseman, the
murderer who some weeks ago escaped
from the Stockton Insane Asylum, but it
is not believed to be the murderer of j
Henry Brooke, for the police are now con
fident that Cheeseman has gone East to j
an uncle.
A stranger answering the same descrip
tion recently entered a house on Third
street, awakening the Inmates and act-
I ing queerlv, though he attempted no vio
lence. The police authorities are Investi
| gating Mr. Hinds' case.
MANY YEARS OF LIFE
LEFT FOR THE POPE
Dr. Brochure Predicts That His Holi
ness Will Live to Become
a Centenarian.
NEW YORK, July 17.— A Journal cable
from Rome says: Dr. Lapponis Brochure,
speaking concerning the recent illness of
the Pope, concludes with the statement
that his Holiness' physique, although
seemingly feeble and delicate, is in reality
exceptionally healthy and strong. The
Pope has all the fiber he says, of a man
destined to be a centenarian.
Pope Leo has ordered the Irish hier
archy to hold a national synod at Armagh
in Jubilee year, 1900.
DELEGATES DISCUSS
PROPOSED AMENDMENTS
Spirited Argument in the Arbitration
Committee Meeting at The
Hague.
THE HAGUE. July 17.— The third com
mittee, or arbitration commission, held a
plenary* meeting to-day, discussing inter
national commissions of inquiry and
adopting, with certain amendments, arti
cle 56, respecting the expenses of the
tribunal.
The section of article *>4, providing for
the revision of arbitral awards, which the
Americans had succeeded in adding to the
original project, was the subject of a long
debate on the motion of M. de Martens,
the Russian delegate, to eliminate the
amendment. Messrs. Holls and Low of
the American delegation made long
speeches in defense of the revision.
Mr. Holls, whose remarks were rapidly
translated into French by M. Destour
nelles, declared that the Americans would
be unable to agree to the arbitration
scheme If revisions were stricken out, un
less they received further Instructions
from Washington. This announcement
created a sensation*.
MANY KILLED BY
A TERRIFIC TORNADO
It Is Believed the Loss of Life in a
Russian Province Will Reach
Two Hundred.
NEW YORK, July 17.— A Journal cable
from St. Petersburg says: A terrific tor
nado In the province of Pensa caused a
great Toss of life. The city of Nikolai.
koje is almost entirely destroyed. Sixteen
bodies have already been taken out of
the ruins, and fifty people were seriously
injured. It is believed that the loss of
i life in the province will reach nearly 200.
Wireless Telegraphy for Hawaii.
HONOLULU, July 4.— There appears to
be a strong probability that an attempt
will shortly be made to connect the sev
eral more important islands of the Ha
waiian group by the Marconi system of
wireless telegraphy. It is thought by the
electrician handling the project that Oahu
can be readily connected with Molokai,
thence to Maui and thence to Hawaii.
It is thought even feasible to reach Kauai
from Oahu, although tfie distance is sixty
miles. Local capitalists are carefully con
sidering the proposition.
IN NO HURRY TO ACT.
Marin Supervisors Have Not Amend
ed the Game Ordinance.
SAN RAFAEL, July 17.— The Supervis
ors of Marin County are pursuing the
even tenor of their way in the matter i
of game ordinances and seemingly care
nothing for the storm of criticism result- ;
ing from their legislation. At the last j
meeting W. S. Dreypolcher and Dr. Hib
bard appeared before the board and ex
plained that the clause In the game or
dinance making it illegal to use a repeat
ing shotgun was unjust, because It dis
criminated in favor of wealthy members
of the club as against individual sports
men who could not afford a high priced
gun. They declared the clause making
it illegal to kill more than twenty-five
quails in a day subserved the required
result without the necessity of forcing
about fifty sportsmen to purchase new
guns. The matter was taken under con
sideration by the board and at to-day s
session It .was decided that as consider
able time would elapse before the open
season for quails arrived no action oe
taken until the matter could be fully in
vestigated. The opponents of the objec
tionable clause say that if it is not re
pealed they will test the whole game or
dinance in the courts and are continent
that it can be proved unconstitutional.
TENNIS CHAMPIONS.
Hackett and Allen Win the Final
Doubles at Chicago.
CHICAGO, July 17.— Hackett and Allen
to-day won the right to hold the title of j
Western tennis champions ln doubles and
to represent the West in the national
championship at Newport. They defeated j
Meyers and Wardner for the honor in an j
exciting contest. The latter team put up ;
a strong flght, and. although Hackett and
Allen won in straight heats, they were j
compelled to work hard for the victory.
In the semi-finals in singles Allen de
feated Sam Neel and Hackett went down
before the old Western champion, Carr
Neel, who played in the same great form
to-day that he showed two years ago, j
when he won the championship. He beat
Hackett without the slightest difficulty. i
Neel and Allen meet in the finals to- j
morrow. Summary:
Finals in doubles— Hackett and Allen beat :
Myers and Wardner, 6-2, 6-3. 6-2. i
Semi-finals in singles— beat Sam Neel, j
6-4, 3-6, 6-1. Carr beat Hackett. 6-1, 6-2.
McCue Wins on a Foul.
NEW YORK, July 17.— At the Coney
Sporting Club to-night Martin Mc-Cue of
New York won from George Siddons of
New Orleans on a foul. McCue had the
better of it from the start. During the
seventh round Siddons was repeatedly
warned for hitting in clinches. In the
eighth round, near the close. Siddons land
ed a left body punch while locked, and the
referee stopped the bout and declared M c-
Cue had won on a foul. Jack Downey of
Brooklyn got the decision over Jerome
Quigley of Philadelphia in the eleventh
round. Quigley was almost helpless, and
the referee stopped the bout.
NINE FISTIC BOUTS.
Opening Entertainment of the Ob
servatory Athletic Club.
The initial athletic entertainment of
the Observatory Athletic Club was held
last night in the Observatory building at
the top of Telegraph Hill. It was a suc
cess in every particular, from the referee,
who was Tom Sharkey, down to the spec
tators, whose chief and shining light was
Spider Kelly.
Nine three-round exhibition contests
made up the programme. They were
tame, courteous affairs, with no blood
spilling and no ill-feeling between con
testants. Of such a friendly nature were
the bouts that no decision was thought
necessary at the termination of the
matches, and all Sharkey's labors
amounted to the simple waving of his
mighty fist. The spectators now and then
showed a growing enthusiasm which at
the end of the evening resulted in a cheer
that shivered the fog on the outside.
The nine contests run off In rapid order
were as follows: Jacko Griffin and Ja
cobus McCarthy; Michael Angelo Pera
and Francois Landuci; Amilio Langford
an*'. Ezekil Zemrok; Carolus Ravioli and
Jardin Gallieno; Young Jeffries and Faus
tus Skevio; Hannibal Flaherty and Wil
helra Iverson; Thunderbolt Irwin and
Sandow Pete; Bud Terry and Julius Cae
sar Coleman, and Titian McDonald and
Garibaldi Vacrarlo.
HEARST NOT LIABLE
IN PUNITIVE DAMAGES
RESPONSIBLE FOR ACTUAL DAM
AGES TO McDONALD.
Judge de Haven Lays Down the Law
in a Suit to Punish the Theft
of a Copyright.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday overruled the demurrer to the
answer in the case of A. L. McDonald vs.
W. R. Hearst.
The suit was brought to recover J52.729
damages for violation of copyright, Mc-
Donald complaining that the Examiner
had published McDonald's map of
the Klondike district, without au- I
thority or permission from him. |
The Examiner claimed a circulation of j
5Ti.729 (Including the garbage crematory is
sue); and the damages asked were, as ■
provided in the statute, $1 for each copy j
of the. publication in which the map ap- j
pearod. _ _ .
Mr. Hearst filed an answer to the effect ;
that he was in New York at the time the j
Examiner stole Mr. McDonald's map;
that he had not ordered the theft, and,
in fart, did not know anything about it.
and that he should not* therefore be held
liable in punitive damages.
To this answer Mr. McDonald interposed
a demurrer.
Judge de Haven in giving his decision
said that this answer must, in the face j
of a general demurrer, be construed as
sufficiently alleging that the defendant
did not personally participate in the com
mission of the wrongful act complained
of, nor authorise his servants or agents
to commit such alleged wrong.
CRIMINAL OPERATION.
Mrs. Mary Plate's Funeral Stopped
and an Autopsy Held by the
Coroner.
Mrs Mary Plate, a married woman 27
years old, residing at 22 Lafayette street,
died last Saturday after a very brief ill
ness. She was attended by Dr. L. W.
Sprigg, who graduated from a medical
college about a week ago.
The body was to have been buried yes
terday afternoon, but Miss Hall, a sister
of the dead woman, reported to the Coro
ner her suspicions that death was the re
sult of a criminal operation. The Coroner
immediately took possession of the corpse,
and an autopsy was held by Acting Au
topsy Surgeon Dr. Caglieri, who found
that' the death of Mrs. Plate had been
caused by peritonitis, probably following
a criminal operation.
An inquest will be held and the police
have been notified.
RAILWAYS MAY DIVIDE
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS
Rumors of a Conference Between
Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe.
NEW YORK, July 17.— Several officials
of the Southern Pacific and the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway systems
are in the city. Vice President Stubbs and
several other officers of the former ar
rived on Saturday; Paul Morton, first vice
president of the Santa Fe road, came to
day, and President Ripley Is expected to
morrow. '- ■■• ■•'_ .„ . _.
While the officials will not discuss the
matter, there is a story that there will bo
a conference between them to-morrow
relative to California business. The Atch
ison Company has. almost completed its
road Into San Francisco, x and it will be
open for business before the end of the
current year. The provisions of the in
terstate commerce law would prevent any
open agreement, but it is hinted that a
scheme to divide California business is to
be arranged.
MINERS WITH GOLD.
Steamer Hannah Carries a Cargo of
Dust From Dawson.
DAWSON, June 27 (via Seattle. July
It).— The steamer Hannah cleared for St.
Michael yesterday with 130 passengers and
about $1,000,000 in gold, half of which was
sent out by the Alaska Commercial Com
pany.
Among those who are said to have
taken out large amounts of dust were: D.
McArthur, Hugh McArthur, John Van
Iderstein, John Rapp and wife, Mrs. J. R.
Fowler. Frank Phiscator, Sam Stanley.
Miss L. Robinson. Charles Norden and
wife Tom Cannon, Hugh McGinley.
Michael McGowan. Mrs. George Apple,
Mrs. W. H. Emerson, P. E. Edgar, C. J.
Proud and William Leggett and wife.
Flour Mill Destroyed.
MOUNT VERNON. Ind., July 17.— The
Peerless Flour Mill was destroyed by fire
to-day. The loss is $100,000, fully insured.
The property belongs to the Kauffmann
Milling Company of St. Louis. yy^y
HUMAN NATURE
BOUND IN RED
Miss Ledyard's Idea of
the Indian.
— * —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 17.— "Indian na
ture is human nature bound in red."
This quotation from a well-known
] writer was included in ■a. paper that was
; read this morning by Miss Mary Ledyard,
superintendent of the. Los Angeles kinder
j gartens, before the Indian teachers' con
| vention at the Normal School Auditorium.
, The meeting was opened with prayer by
! the Rev. Mr. Lippincott and a musical
' programme formed a pleasing prelude to :
i the opening session.
Miss Ledyard's paper dwelt upon the
j necessity of placing the little Indian chil
! dren in the kindergartens. She drew at
| tention to the fact that t^ie same degree j
;of advancement could not be expected
I from the Indian child, taken only for a
short time from the reservation, as from
the white child that had been born and
! nurtured under conditions of the highest
civilization. Said she:
It has been said that 'he Indian race is dying
out, but the fact remains that we have 250.
native Americans on our Indian reservations.
Can Indiana understand and appreciate truth?
"By their fruits ye shall know them.'' In one
i year 621 Indians belonging to Congregational
missions in Dakota gave (ISM for carrying the
| Scape] among their own countrymen. At one of
j their last missionary societies they planned to ;
send a missionary to their deadly enemies, the i
Crows.
The people of California should have a spe- ]
i cial Interest In the education and the elevation
I of their Indian neighbors.
Here Miss Ledyard spoke of the ear:y j
i treaties with the red men of America and
of the relation between the red men and
the white men of the West, ami said that
the profit of civilizing the Indian was not
only for the savage, but for the civilized j
man as well.
"The Indian is a creature of appetite."
* she continued, "and is limited by customs
growing out of aboriginal experience
"We change his surroundings and increase
his temptations unless we give nim the
restraining influence of a Christian edu- '
! cation." *
The speaker said that, excepting certain
degraded tribes, the capability of the In
dian to learn civilized ways was beyond \
doubt. Many had taken up land and a
large number paid taxes. At least 180,000 i
i were self-supporting.
Miss Ledyard said that the cost of car
ing for a civilized Indian was much less j
than that of caring for a savage Indian, |
and for that reason alone it paid to edu
cate Indian children. The child, she be- ]
lieved, should be given all possible In- i
struction that would lead it into a life
of brighter civilization. Therefore its edu
cation should begin in the kindergarten,
; so that Its earliest impression might come ,
from the school where the ways of civil- |
ized people were taught.
Miss Estelle Carpenter of San Francisco i
| spoke of the necessity of teaching music :
to children.
"Music," she said, "touches the child's
j nature as nothing else can. It should ;
! be taught for the sake of the control ;
I which it gives over the voice, If for noth- j
ing else."
The conference was divided into sec
tions this afternoon and the different
| studies that are taught at the Indian
I schools" were discussed.
Among the prominent persons seated on i
1 the platform this morning were Commis- '•
sioner Edward A. Allen, superintendent
j of the Indian schools at Albuquerque: C.
I H. Asbury, Major R. H. Pratt of the Car
j lisle School and Dr. Gates, president of \
the Board of Indian Commissioners.
NO CONCESSIONS WILL
BE MADE TO CANADA
Great Britain Under Pressure Is Said
to Have Acted in Bad Faith on
the Boundary Dispute.
NEW YORK.JuIy 17.— A special to -the
Journal from Washington says: The
United States has determined finally to
decline to accede to Great Britain's de
mands for concessions in any territory
now held by the United States, and to ,
insist upon the provisional line suggested
by Secretary Hay, which has heretofore |
been fully set forth.
There is a general feeling in adminis
tration circles that Great Britain, under j
pressure from Canada, has acted in bad
faith, and that Canada's insistence upon
Impossible terms is wholly responsible fur
the failure to agree upon a provisional
line.
Th decision to hold no further sessions
of the commission involves the question
of sending American troops to Pyramid
Harbor, on the Lynn canal, but this will
not be determined until Senator Fair
banks has given the State Department
and the President the benefit of his per
sonal observations. ;
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commenclnß April 23. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *8:00. 9:30. U:00 a. tn, ;
•1:45, 8:20. 4:00, »S:00, CSO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on I'ondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:10 p. m. ;.-''
SUNDAYS— «9:00. »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00. *1:45. »2:20. '4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11 00 a. m. does not run to San Rat'l Sundays.
5-30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. |
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. »6:40, 7:55. 8:40. •'.0:20
a. Mb 12:30. 2:15. *3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and* Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. '8:00. »9:45. «10:45. *11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:20, •3:20. '5:15, »«:00. 7:00. 10:15
p. m. _ _ _,
Trains market (*) run to San Quentin. —-
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS -6:45, 6:50, 7:55, 8:55. 10:85
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday.
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:26 p. m. |
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00. 11:10 a. m. : 13:05,
1-20 2:40. 8:55, 6:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
W THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way .ta na
%-tO v. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way .tana.
1:16 P. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way station".
149 a. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
I:4b p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. i
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN j
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT '
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES-
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THB^ SANTA FE ROUTE.
BAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. «28
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1899, trains will run as follow.! .
South-bound. North-bound.
Paaeen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. JExc'ptd . . Exo'ptd Dally.
7:20 am' 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
$:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:llpm
10:40 am, 7:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am! 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm! Han.ord 7:45 am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakeisfleld ! 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:25 pmJ Vlsalla I 1:40 am, 1:22 pm
12:16 pm 6:53 ymj Tulare I 6:50 am 1:05 pm
I Stopping: at Intermediate point, as required..
F<v particulars of stage and other connection.
Inquire at Traffic Manager. Offlco. £51 Market
1 _ur«et» j__u__ Fraac ____.«. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-^Earteks'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. 4
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price. .
/^X Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL-oJ|a 0245 ICKAHWT WT- Established
»S*?¥^@Bl. in 1534 /or tbe treatment of I'rlvato
_ MX? Diseases, lK«t Manhood Debility or
024~ KIT MMM V*T _->tabllBbe<J
in JH34 foi tbe treatment ■>{ I'rlvato
I*;seu"*"v 1.-'tt .Manhood Debility or
Lmt-Sfv^D diseasewearingon bodyand mind and
«S^^TOf«Wa Skin i>!_^f-3i-?_ ThoGoctorcuresnlion
"^Bt^&sV^iitlit-i^fi Try him Charges low.
_*®Si*_3-iB-S-l t'un-«s»<ti'nnli-rd. C< .11 or write.
«r-4. »■' •WllUy*?'-- !B«y »l»g7- rifti^ Kranclaco
bEIAII-ROAD TRAVEL-.
HOVTIIKIIN rAC'iriC (O*IP*ST.
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
Tra tan It-nvi- >n«*l »**• tint- tv urrlve aft
NA.\ PBANCI'MW.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lEAVE — Fr.QM JUS 2.". IS?9. — ABRrva
7jOOa llenlcia. Sulsun and Sacramento. . .. »:43p
7:««a MarysTilie Oro«illor.ud Itcdding »1»
Woodland ss li? F
7:OOa Elmira. Vacaville and Kunisoy. ; .... »:*3f
7.-a«A Martinez, San Kan ion, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Sauta Ro« 0:I5p
8:«Oa Atlantic* Express. Ogden an«J I7aat.. Oris*
liHU_ Son Jose. Livermore. Stockton,
• lone. Sacrament**, Placerville,
M.iiy.vi.;... Ohlco. lted llluff «:lsp
SiKOa •Milton, Oakdale and Honora *:!5p
SiilttA Yosemite Valley via O-ikdale and
Chinese . ? : _? p
• :00 a Haywards, lies and Way Stations . 11:10 a
»«00 a. Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced sn<l Fresco 12: 1 of
BiOOa Fresno, llakersliel*!. Santa Harlmra,
Los Angeles, Deming, El IW>,
New Orleans and East 6:45p
10:00 a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
I IiOOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. ««t
li_:OOM Niles. Llrermore. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. Hanford. Visalia.
Pcrterville * ! '**
•liOOp Sacramento niter Steamers "*:<M>p
■:OOr Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. »:4S»
l:UO. Martinez.. Sail lUraoi., Vallejo.
Napa, Callstoaa, Siuita Kosa »»lo*
4iOt»p Benicia, Vacavlllo, Saofaiuento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTilie. Oroville 10:4.1 a
4:3o^N_le^ San Joso aud Stockton '*_-_ r
4:30p Yosemito Sleeping Oar for Raymond i:»: 13*
B:oorThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
. Los Angeles 5 : 15*
S:SOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:10»
K : SO Martinez. Tracy, Kant-Ota, Fresno.
Mojare and lam Angeles 8«4."»a
BiSOr Santa l'o Konta AHuutio Impress
for Mojato an.l I_a.it 0:4.1p
•■•Or Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogden
and East *«45p
•:OOp Haywards, NilesandSan Jose .:!»__
••iOOi> Vallejo 1 2:1
7iHOp Oregon Ezpress.Harraniento, Marys-
Tille. It-.l.linir, Portland, I'nget
Sonn.lai.,l East 7:13*
JSiftOr Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }10:.10>
COAST DIVISION (Xarron (laugc).
(Foot of Market Street.^ __
|7s<Sa Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cmi and Principal Way SUtions JS:OS»
8:19 a Newark, CentertillcSanJoso. Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 3:3«»
■Silßp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz aud Principal Way
Stations »IO:30__
4tlSp Ban Jose. Olenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:20 a
MilSp Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sia-
tions /9:2Ua
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mm SIN raiflClSCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:0C *2:00 13:53
•4:00 »5:00 •6:50i-.m.
rromOiXLHlß— fool of Brondi-st.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
i tI3:QO »1:00 tS:00 ; 3:CJ ti:CO *3:00r.i1.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Th 1 rd and Towngeml St".) m
••iIOa Ocean View, South Man Francisco.. *6jBop
•7tOOA San JOM awl Way Statlona (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) ...... "J*:©©*
}7:30 a Sunday Fxciursioh for Santa Cruz.
Pacific OroTo and Principal Way
Btationa {9:33f
•iOOa San Joae, Tre. Pinos, Santa Cruz,
; V Pacilio Orote. Paso Unities. .San
Luis Olilspo. Surf, Lompoc aud
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
1 10i40a San Jose anil Way SUtions 0:3.1 4
III3OA San Jose and Way Stations I*3OP
*3:43pSan Mateo, Bedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Ban .lose.
Hollister. Santa Cruz. Salinas.
Monterey r.nd Paeiflo GroTe *10:36 a
•»i3op San Jose. Santa Cruz, raciflo GroTe
and Principal Way Stations '-rSOp
•4:13p San Joso anil Principal Way Stations 0:4-1%
•3:OOp San Joso and Principal Way Station. **:31a
B:!10p Ban Jose ami Principal Way Stations -«:0(U
«:30p San Joseand Way SUtions B:30p
1:4.1 1- San Joseand Way Stations t~' :t< >P
A (or Morning. P for A fteruoon.
•Sunday excepted. J Sunday only. t Saturday only.
kSatuidap and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LBSSBE
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiburon Ferry, Foot ot' Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL-. |
WEEK DAYS— 7:3B. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:35,
1:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip*
at 11: SO p. m. Saturdays— K::tra trips at 1:5*»
ajid 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 9:3Sa 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3ok>
6:00, 4> :__o p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 12:45,
■ 1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:55 and I 35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:4*1, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
1:25 p. m. _, '
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park.
■•me gchedule as above. :
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. .
. April 14, L -r-\ -<
Week Sun- 1»99. I S-n- I Week ;
t>__ys. day*. Destination. ' jays. j Daya. |
T:39 am t:OC aro Novato, 10:40 am, 8:40 am
1:80 pm 9:10 am Petaluma. I 6:05 pm 10: am,
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. ; 7:35 pm ( «30 pro,
J Fulton,
TJOam Windsor, .10.25 ana
Healdsburs, ■-■:■ '
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
• :S0 pm' 8:00 am Oloverdaie, 7:35 pm] 8:10 {MV
T:10 un ! Hopl-uid and : j 10:25 ara
1:30 pro. 8:00 am I'klah. | 7:35 pm, 6:20 pta
_ .______-. .  <(
t:» am 10:25 ana
j 1:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm 6:10 pm
T:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am; 8:40 ar*
and
1:10 pm S: CO pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:06 pm 6:20 pm
t:3oaro 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 amil!J:2s am,
• :*} pm| 5:00 pm 1 7:35 pnij M pmj
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark WestS
\ Sprints and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton
; for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
i Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
; land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
I Kelsevvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at I'klah for Vlchjr
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's,
Bur-knell. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville.
Boonevllle. Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion. Little River*
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,;
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotia 'and Eureka. ~ _ . ._,. , . .
Saturday to- Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.  .
On Sunday, round trip tickets to all pointy
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 050 Market st.. Chronicle bidj,
H. C. WHITINO. ' R. X. RYAN
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
l«ave San Francisco, via Sausailto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WKEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m and 1:45 p. m.
' Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving ln S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. ar>d I:4a. 2:39
and 4 p. m. .„ -
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, Jl 40. •
I THOS COOK & SON. Acta.. 621 Market st.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH ' OFFICES— S27 Montgomery -treet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
_S7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
689 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
«5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock. •
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 0 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETINGNOT-ICES^
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A . M.. *
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- J*
ING, Jul-. IS, at 7:30 o'clock. StatedJtX
.netting and M. M. degree. By orderi"*V>
of the H FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and ■
A. M.-Callod meeting THIS (TCE.S-JI-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:70 o'clock. D. li/\
3. GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. _____
PACIFIC Lodge N*3. 136, F. and AM, ■_
121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVENING **
at "30 o'clock. Third degree. ___?^
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. / ~*
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Third degree THIS (TUESDAY)**^
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /^_#\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. / ~ i |
PARKER Lodge No. 124, 1. O. O. < r^iU^_ > _
F. — Official visit by Grand sggj«S£
Master Bonynge THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING. '"'...„
J. A. WELLS, N. O.
FRANCO- AMERICAN Lodge No. <Sg^i__fe-
-207, I. O. O. F.— Installation of of ~-^fiQ3fS_~
fleers will take place THIiRS-^W^
LAY EVENING, Jul 20, 1599, It - r/7«W>
£ o'clock. By order of N. G.
A. LEON AURA DO U. Rec, Sec. Pro Tern.
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Asso- -_-^^
elation— meeting will he held Iff y*"
at hall, 820 Post St.. TUESDAY, July "**£_£••
18, at 1 o'clock. All members are re-
quested to be present for the purpose of at-
tending the funeral of our deceased brother,
J. P. MEKELSEN. By order of the president.
L, TRAUNG, Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the oftico
of the company, 827 Market st.. San Francis-
co, Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist .lay of Au-
gust, 3599, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans-
action of such other business as ma: come
before tha meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY, July 29. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, July 17, 1899 At a
regular "meeting of the board of directors of
this company, heid THIS DAT, a dividend
was declared, payable on and after July 19,
189 S. BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may be brought before the
meeting, will be held at the office of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
ets.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th
day of August, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m.
L. R. MEAD. Secretary-
•THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived an application from H. W. Tanger-
man to mine by the hydraulic cess In the
Clinton placer mine, at Clinton, Amador Coun-
ty, and to deposit tailings in Jackson Creek
gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 59, Flood building. San Francisco.
Cal., on July 31. 1599. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
821 Market st., San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 18th day of July, 1899, at the
hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
SOPHICAL Society in America— lnterna-
tional Brotherhood League, Tuesday night.
••The Pariahs ot" Society." Mrs. M. E. Foun-
tain and Dr. 3 A. Anderson. Academy of
Sciences Hall. SIP Market street.
r - =
ACCOUNTANTS.
B- K. BALLARD, 4"1 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & Arms, ref.
~~~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
£TaGUIRE~&~GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offlces to the Parrott build-
ing. 525-555 Market st. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 6SO Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. -'" Market St., opp. Mason.
L S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
_
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First et.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS. 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
sunny' suites, single r., reas.; board optloi-al.
O'FARRELL. 742— Large front room; running
water; home cooking: also single rms.. $20 up.
POWELL, 809 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
BUTTER, 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants room, with use of bath,
and board, ln a private family in San Fran-
cisco or Alameda; must be French table- all
references given. Address J. G. T.. 1618 Fol-
som st.; useless to answer without stating
terms.
LADY desires room and board with refined
private family; reference; $30 to $35; Western
Addition preferred. Answer, 2 days, box 4976,
Call office.
ROOM and board ln private Jewish family for
a couple or two. Inquire 1429 Post st.
I UNFURNISHED rooms and board; man and
2 boys. J. L. M.. 367 A St.. Oakland.
I
» BOARDING FOR CHILDKEN*.
n_"'.7.'.' ~ » ■ , -, -~—
WANTED— or 2 children to board; use of
piano. 206 Bartlett st.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort- -
able home for Infants: $10 mo. 531 A Castro st.
EI ■
BOOKS NEW AND OLD,
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission St.. near Third.
I - =
BUSINESS CHANCES.
BATHHOUSE at Redding; 3 bath rooms and
living rooms; rent $25; cost $1000; will sell
for $650; flrst-class chance for a barber. Call
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
Jl—%4jo; DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14; good paying;
stock worth the money; owner to leave. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
X— DEATH of owner cause of great sacrifice;
saloon with mercantile lunch; established
years: rent free; splendid paying; lease; close
to Market and Second sts.; Investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— ssoo; SALOON, about 60 feet from Call build-
ing; rent $50; doing a good paying business;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts.; flrst-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
of sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— MILLINERY 'store at great bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. COWING & CO.. 995 Mar-
ket st. ;
A— TEAMING business; best in city: clears $200
per mo. yearly. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
. A— FRUIT and grocery store corner; receipts,
$25 dally; cause sickness. COWING & CO.,
995 Market i-t.
A— MILLINER store; best In the State; must
be sold. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
A— SALOON on corner; near Market st. ; cen-
trally located; must sell. COWING & CO.,
995 Market st.
BEST paying restaurant in this city: bargain;
this day. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$250 — PARTNER wanted ln saloon requiring the
attention of 2 men; part cash if desired. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market st.
$501 SALOON: bargain; this day, on account
of disagreement of partners. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777% Market st.
$1000— PARTNER wanted: legitimate mercan-
tile business. McLAUGHLIN & CO. 777%
Market, st. '
A GRAND chance to purchase a prominent cor.
grocery and bar; Western Addition bar trade
alone of $12 per day; price $650. HEALY &
CO.. 917 Market st.
I HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc. ; sold and exchanged.
Call and see my list. EITEL, IPOS'. Market.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
Apply 527 Montgomery st. /:._.- ,_ f
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
COFFEE saloon; principal street; near'
Market st.; established 15 years; place is a
mint; trial given. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Mkt.
$1500— COFFEE saloon and chop house, oppo-
site ferry; crowded during meal hours; steady
run all day; old established place; well fur-
nished; a good paying business Al bargain.
M. LESS & CO.. 766 Market st.
CIGAR store; principal street; central;
value in sight; splendid business; actually
given away; Investigate; satisfy yourself. M.
LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$600— CORNER saloon; heart city, near Market
st. ; stock, fixtures and monthly Income would
Justify investment of $1200; trial given; no
better proof; rare offer. M. LESS & CO., 763
Market st. I
$450— SALOON and lunch house, good part city;
9 rooms inc. furniture; roomers pay more
than rent; big bar trade. LESS & CO., <65 (
Market. -— — . '
$350— RESTAURANT and oyster house; pros-
perous town of State; value in sight; good |
business; practically without competition; !
bargain. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market St.
FOR sale— ranch; 2 city routes; 25 cows,
6 horses, milk and grain wagon: good loca-
tion- reasonable. Apply KAHN'S stockyard.
Mission road, near St. Mary's College-
SALOON; old established corner; fair stock;
good business: side entrance to cafe; offer
wanted. 632 Market St.. room 6.
$250— CANDY store ln good location; instruc-
tions in candy making given; rent paid to
August 1. Box 4979. Call office.
RESTAURANT — M_jst be sold on account of
other business. 234 O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS locality for fruit and poultry in
market; complete fixtures. Post St., near La-
guna.
BUSINESS chances sold and exchanged; insur-
ance placed: money loaned on real estate se-
curity; collections promptly made. If you
have a business to sell bring lt to M. A.
BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale ln one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at this office^
A BLACKSMITH shop: country; clearing over
$150 per month; bargain. Address Mrs. E.,
361 Fifth st.
GOOD paving saloon in the business center of
city. Inquire Rathskeller. 544 California st.
SHOE store and repairing for sale cheap, with
or without stock. Nineteenth and Castro sts.
SALOON and flat 6 rooms, opposite two rail-
road depots. 721 Davis st,
PARTNER, small capital, to open oyster and
chop house; money to be spent in business;
no experience. Box 4561. Call offlce.
$200— SALOON with good business. Inquire 636
Third st.
WANTED— Capable man with $2000 cash to
carry stock of goods and manage branch busi-
ness: $150 ijW" month and expenses; also extra
percentage; permanent position; references re-
quired. HENRY VERNON. Boyce building,
Chicago.
$750— WANTED, a good business man as part-
ner ln an old-established fruit and produce
commission house in wholesale district; refer-
ences given and required. For further particu-
lars address box 4564, Call office.
$2000— GROCERY, general merchandise haji •
and grain; horse and wagon; cause of sale, I
mining. Address Call branch offlce, San
Jose, Cal.
FOR sale Coffee, tea, crockery and notion
store for sale; must be sold soon as possible;
cause sickness; a very good chance; stand 14
years; no agents. Apply 1176 Harrison st.
CLOTHING, boot and shoe and furnishing
goods business In thrifty condition; 50 miles
from San Francisco; flne climate and good
business point. Box 4565. Call office.
SHOE shop; pays well; low rent; good prices;
must be sold-; make offer. 332 Bush Bt.
RESTAURANT— Must be sold in 10 .lays; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
FOR sale— With 5 years' lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Inquire Call
oflice.
SALOON with good business I:: good location.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. 323 Market st.
FOR saTT— A fruit store, with horse and wagon; j
paying business. 209% Second st. ,
TWENTY-SECOND and Castro Store fix-
tures for groceries md bar. Key Vy. Mission. ,
SALOON and lunch house for pale at 150 First ;
st., corner Natoma; no agents. |
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix- |
tures: must sell: sickness. Box 4891. Call.
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st. 1
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed: catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 1836.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San .
Pablo aye.. Oakland; no agents.
. . — . — l
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & cr~* 'P., 415 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGES AND
FOR sale cheap Second-hand lumber wagons
by H. F. GRINNELL, 125 Steuart St.
ALL kinds of wagons, bupgies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 11*0 Folsom St.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with pcor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned,, 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
300 McAllister St.. cor. Larkin: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd. tel. Mint 346.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Offlce and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offlces, 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist;
readings. 50c and $1. 513 Tenth st., Oakland.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st„ near Mission.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c: ladles only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st,, rooms 2-3,
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist: past,
present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 12.
CONSULT on matters of business health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c ; Sunday hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME AUGUST. 1150 Mission st., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
hand's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 OFarrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage of 4 rooms and bath and base-
ment. 919 Capp st.
FOR sale or to let— 2 or 3 cottages ln perfect
order cheap: key at 1422 Montgomery St.
COUNTRY' BOARDING.
COUPLE without children can flnd extra com-
fortable board on fruit farm at reasonable
rates. Ad. DAVIDSON. Dimond, Alameda Co.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. ~S~IHGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1: other fillings, from 60c;
plates, from $4 60; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from .*3 We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to 2
. p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarst; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 13, 1899.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2; bridges, $4
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW-
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM - HILL 1443 Market **•' near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and ft lings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gaa given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings, 50c up; crowns.
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St.
EDUCATIONAL,
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, .min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers; day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August l; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte. vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 16 Instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg,, S. F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
M G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
ln shorthand; also by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day and eve. ;
est. 1884. VAN PER NAILLEN. 333 Market.
ANYONE can learn to operate typesetting ma-
chine; $4 to %'.< per day on dally papers. BY-
RON RING, 614 Sacramento St.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayandnlght; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, 50c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo. 614 Hayes St., top flat.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; ten
years' experience; 60c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
'•EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 3.7 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOJ-I, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
neee. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: Black 1321.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Female.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
second girl; $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 326 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, middle-aged. 16 years last
place, desires situation. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook, best references, understands
soups, patties and all kinds of pastry, wants
situation at $35; no wash. See J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housegirl with 4 years' references;
flrst-class cook. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
LADY Wishes place as housekeeper. 150,
Fourth St., room o. ,
YOUNG lady wants place in country taking
care of children; good steamstress; wages !
$20. No. 210 Turk st. j
NEW YORK lady desires position as house-
keeper in small family; a good cook and neat
housekeeper; no objections to country. Ad- j
dress M. 8., 393 Sixth st.
SWEDISH girl would like to do general
..-.work; good laundress. Address 223
Eleventh st., near Howard.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework in private family: wages $20. Ap-
ply 14 Beideman St., off Ellis, bet. Scott and
adero.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation at general
housework. Call at 316 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
SITUATION wanted— Competent girl as general
worker In American family. 465 Clemen-
tina st. |
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Call at
103 Van Ness aye. ' :
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework or work by the day. Call
1650 POSt st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. ' Call 532
Eddy st. '
RESPECTABLE middle-aged Swiss-German ;
lady, speaks English, wishes place to take
care of children; trustworthy; handy with j
sewing; or go out nursing. 916 Howard, r. 17. j
COMPETENT, good cook wants position; pri-
vate family: references. Call 11 William St.,
off O'Farrell, near Jones.
ELDERLY woman wants work by the day.
Box 4949. Call office.
WANTED— By thoroughly competent and ex-
perienced Eastern dressmaker, sewing by day
in private families; good references. Address
I. S.. box 778, Call offlce. Oakland.
YOUNG woman desires a position to take care
of children while traveling in return for fare
to New York, Havre or Paris; best refer-
ences. Call or address 1602 Webster. Oakland, j
SITUATION wanted by good German cook to
do cooking and some housework; country
only. 343 Third st.
LADY of 20 years' experience from kinder-
garten to normal desires a situation as day j
governess. Box 314. Call office^
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT YVANTED Mule.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211. 315 Stoc' on st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
EXPERIENCED man wants position as bar-
tender, city or country; references. 1911H
Mission st. __^_
WANTED— By sober, Industrious married man,
position as salesman for cigars and tobacco;
city and bay towns; commission or salary-
Box 4633, Call office.
ELDERLY active man wants situation on
private place as gardener, etc.; moderate
wages; flrst-class city references. Gardener,
box 4566, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French cook, second to none,
having worked ln best families of New York.
with best references, wishes position as cook
ln city or abroad. Box 4971. Call office.
A LIVE man, thoroughly acquainted with sa-
loon and grocery, to Introduce or drum: best
of recommendations; bonds If necessary;, rare
chance; also collections. Address K. C. G.,
box 4974, Call.
EXPERIENCED mechanic ln machine" manu-
facture and repairing; technical training in
electricity and machanlcs. Address box 4972,
Call office. .
INTELLIGENT man of 34 wishes position in
wholesale or manufacturing house; very* small
salary until useful. Box 4976. Call office. -■
AMERICAN man and wife want situations on
ranch; best references. Call or address V.,
1037 Mission st.
FIRST and second cook. German. English,
French and Hungarian style; flrst-class pas-
try; city or country hotel; references. 242
Natoma St., basement.
A MILKWAGON driver (23) with 3 years' city
experience; good driver; Al reference; state
particulars. Box 4538, Call.
RELIABLE young man wants any kind of
work for the mornings. Box 4551, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of references
wants position as Janitor, porter or assist-
ant; single. Box 4547, Call offlce.
YOUNG man of Christian character, obliged to
leave his trade for reasons of health, .wishes
permanent situation with light duties, where
fidelity and trustworthiness are first essen-
tials. Address C. H., box 634, Station B,
Oakland. #
YOUNG man desires position as clerk ln gro-
cery and barroom; speaks German and Eng-
lish; steady habits; good reference. Address
J. E. 8., 304 Chattanooga st.
ATTENDANT Competent nurse wishes to take
care of Invalid gentleman; mental case pre-
ferred; wages reasonable. Address F. M.,
box 4548. Call office^
WANTED— Situation as clerk. Address box
4656, Call office.
HANDY young man wants work; understands
care of horses and general work. C, box 4647,
Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as pianist or accom-
panist. Address 323 Day st.
JAPANESE young man, speaks English well,
wants a position as waiter or houseworker in
nice family. K. FURUTA, ISOB Polk st.; tele-
phone Polk 422.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do plain
cooking for family in city or country. 431
Stevenson st. -.-.-_■? - i
EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange— business corner
in heart of city; partly Improved. GEO. W.
H. PATTERSON ft CO.. 1706 Market st.
EXPERT OPTICIAN'S.
MAYERLE'S eye water: a new discovery for
weak. sore. Inflamed, Itching, watery, burning, ,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves: by
mall 50c. German Optical Institute. 1071% Mar-
ket. S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt In every State.
FLATS TO LET.
AT NW. corner Sutter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated if seen; six rooms; glazed
porch; reasonable; water free; Investigate.
ADELAIDE place, 8. off Taylor, nr. Post— 4
nice sunny rooms; clean and bright.
BUSH, 1209%— Flat. 4 rooms; rent $10; water
free. Apply 12118 Bush st. .
CHOICE corner flat, 1436 Ellis st., 7 rooms and
bath; sun in every room; rent low. Apply
MADISON ft BURKE. 626 Market st.
ELEGANT bay-window; 6 sunny rooms, bath.
735 Minna St., near Ninth.
FINE corner flat, 7 rooms; all modern Improve-
ments; yard; cellar; sun all day. 118 Web-
ster fit., near Haight.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN ft HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. -yy
FULTON, Good lower flat, « rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
HANDSOME corner flat, with or without car-
pets. 436 Buchanan st. _^__________
HARRISON. 704. near Third— comfortable
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; $16.
HAVES. 656— Double flat of 8 rooms and bath;
yard, garden. "■
LAGUNA, 824— St. James Apartment
Furnished or unfurnished; light
housekeeping.
MODERN flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent $18.
1807 Eddy street, near Bcott :
NEAR City Hall; 2 new upper sunny modern
flats; 5 rooms and bath each; 28 Grove st. and
25 Birch aye. '-'■."■'
NEW flat. 5 rooms, bath; yard, cellar and
stable; rent $18. 38 Sharon St., between Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth, Church and Sanchez.
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.;
lovely sunny 6-room flat; modern Improve-
ments: rent $17; water free.
PINE. c.> A (old No. 920), bet. Mason and Tay-
lor— 3 rms. and bath, completely fur., $18 mo.
THIRD, 417%— 2 front suites. 8 rooms; sunny
bay windows; all latest Improvements.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073. near Castro— Sunny s-
room flat; modern; rent $15; water free.
WANTED— A tenant for cheap flat, 5 rooms
and bath; 22 Glover st., bet. Jones and Leav-
enworth, Vallejo and Broadway; rent $12.
"WEBSTER, 828— Flat of 6 rooms and bath.
812% JESSIE st. and rear, near Ninth— 2 flats;
4 rooms each: rent $11 and $8. ' ■'■ '■■■
FLATS TO LET Fnrnished.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flats; 5 and 8
rooms. Inquire 819 Diamond St.
FURNISHED flat, 6 rooms, bath; piano; $40.
2418 Clay st.
FIRNITIRfc. FOR SALE. '
FURNITURE of 7 rooms, kitchen and bath; 5
rooms rented. 758 Howard st. ; rent $20.
COMPLETE bedroom and dining-room set in
antique oak at a sacrifice. 15 Dame St., off
Thirtieth, nr. Churchy
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak tor $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED —
SECOND girl, Santa Cruz. $20, fare paid; 4 sec-
ond girls, city, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN.
, 325 Sutter st. .
GIRL who understands German cooking, San
Rafael, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Colusa County, $20, fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS nurse for one child 2 years old.
$25; must have city references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
"C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
15 waitresses for Santa Cruz. Ben Lomond,
Sacramento, Fresno. Portervllle. Watsonvllle j
and other places, $20 to $25; 2 waitresses, city, j
$20; 2 chambermaids, to wait, $20; 2 chamber- \
maids, country, $20; woman cook, resort, $40; j
mangier, $15.
FAMILY ORDERS
2 German house girls, $25: house girl. Presi- |
dio, $20: house girl. 2 in family, Alcatraz,
$15; house girl. 2 in family. $20, fare paid
and 25 neat competent girls for city, $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. l"' Gear}' st.
WANTED— German or French cook, no wash,
2 in family. $25; 4 laundresses, hotels anil |
laundries, $20 to $35; pantry girl, assist wait-
ing resort. $20; waitress, restaurant. $6 a ,
week; 10 girls for general housework. $20 and
$25- voting girls, $12 and $15; meat and pastry
cook. $40. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. j
216 Sutter St. j
COOK, San Rafael, $25 to $30; nurse girl, same j
house, $20; second girl, Menlo Park, $20. see |
party here 11 o'clock; housegirl. Alameda,
$25; Belvedere, $27. chambermaid. $18; women
to wash dishes, must sleep home, $18; house-
girl. 2 in family, $20; woman with a child, $15; I
housekeeper. $15. MRS, NORTON. 313 Sutter.
GIRLS, where are you going to look for a sit-
uation this morning? Why, at the NEW EM-
PLOYMENT OFFICE, 751 Market St. They
want chambermaids, houseglrls, cooks, nurse
girls, waitresses, housekeepers, etc. You can
get just the place you want to-day.
WAITRESS, springs, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE,
26 Montgomery St., room 12.
GIRL to attend bakery and light housework.
$15 a month. Apply 918 Larkin. 1 to 3 p. m.
GIRL to assist In light housework; $5 per
month; good home. 2632 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis st'.. room 52.
NEAT girl, not under 20; general housework;
private family: $10. After 9. 723 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice. 11. DAVIS, 119 Russ st.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work with
references at 2202 Jackson st.
GIRL wanted— girl to assist in house-
work and take care of baby. 755 Eddy st.
NEAT German girl; light housework; 16 or
over. 451 Guerrero st.
WANTED— for general housework. 2651
Howard St. ______________--_--_-—
WAITRESS wanted; call early. . 613% Jones st.
WANTED— Apply at 630 Turk st.
GIRL for light housework; sleep home. 604
Eddy st.
NEAT lady to cook for board and room for
herself and husband. SMITH. Mission.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework and
care for child; German preferred. Call be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m. at 1014 A Washington.
APPRENTICE and finisher for tailoring. 131
Montgomery st., room 5.+
GIRL, German speaking, for housework. 1053
Market St., upstairs. '
GIRL for light housework. 817 Clementina st.
WANTED— FIrst-class finisher and button-
hole maker custom coats. 927 Market st. r. 623.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd., Brannan St., between Third and
Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co_. Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourtn.
WANTED— A refined, educated lady who will
loan employers $1000 for one year at 10 per
cent on good security, will be given office
work at $40 per month, with an opportunity
to take a business college course free: this
will stand Investigation. Address box 749,
Fresno, Cal. -•"■ ■'■■
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
GOOD hotel waitress. $20; call early. New Em-
ployment Office, 751 Market st.
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS ft
CO.. 32% Fremont St.: apply to Mr. Davis.
HELP YV'ANTED-yMale.
THERE Is no use being out of work when you
can go down to THE NEW EMPLOYMENT
OFFICE and get a job. If you have not the
money to pay for lt they will trust you. They
want more men for the mines (fare ad-
vanced). Laborers, teamsters, dishwashers
and lots of other places. 751 Market st.,
'phone Black 3911.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— Storekeeper. !
. restaurant, $30; waiter, officers' mess, mine, j
$30; 2 waiters, officers' mess. army. $20;
waiter, hotel, $25; cook, plain hotel, $35. etc.
HEAD WAITER. $45; waiter, $25; third cook,
$25; colored waiter, $25; country hotels. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 2$ Montgomery St., room 12.
HELP WANTED *^____
5234 MEN WANTED AT BIG WAGES
AT MURRAY" & READY'S -•••
PHONE MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
We have every Job printed on one list. Come
or send and get one and select YOUR OWN
JOB •;;
15 laborers (no experience), fare 65c $'•>
24 laborers (no experience), fare 75c $60
16 four-horse teamsters, fare $140 -
$35 and found
154 laborers for all parts of California, $3,
$2 75. $2 60. $2 25, $2 and $1 76 day COME
AND SEE
$3 day.. DRILLERS.. HAMMERMEN.. S3 day
....IN A WAREHOUSE AND FACTORY....
12 common laborers, 10 hours day, fare 50c...
$2 50 day
12 laborers for factory and manufactory
$1 75 day and $36 and found
Fruit pickers, men and boys
$26 and found. .FARE PAID
IN SAN FRANCISCO
26 laborers, board yourself home $1 75 day
S3 laborers, different city Jobs
$2, $1 75 day and $26 and found
12 two-horse teamsters, city jobs
$26 and found, $1 75 day
Drivers for milk, butcher, bakery wagons
Boys for good Jobs And men for 65 other
city Jobs
MACHINISTS AND BLACKSMITHS
2 machinists, country, steady Job $3 60 day
16 blacksmiths, horseshoers, helpers, etc,,
$2 50, $2 25, $2 day, $60, $50, $40, $35 and found,
good jobs
BUTCHERS, STABLEMEN
6 butchers, different Jobs, $52. $30 and $35 and
found; 5 stablemen, city and country Jobs,
$35 and found
MURRAY' & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS GOVERNMENT WORK
6 carpenters 8-hour day, 6 months Job, FREE
FARE, $3 day; 6 carpenters, city and coun-
try jobs, $3, $2 60 and $2 day; 5 bridge car-
penters, $45 and found, steady job. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
MINES WE'RE DOING A BIG BUSINESS
with mines, sending to 19 mines to-day; 69
laborers (no experience required), $60, $50, $40,
$35. $30 and found, $2 50, $2 40, $185 day
12 miners $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 686 Clay st.
WE PAY* YOUR FARE
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
For- laborers, teamsters, woodsmen, crosscut
sawyers, tree fellers, spool tenders, Jack-
screwers, log fixers, shingle bolt makers, bark
peelers, mlllmen, head donkey men and 63
different other Jobs; wages, $SO. $70. $60, $50,
$45 $40. $30, $26 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
HAY AND HARVEST
FARMS AND DAIRIES
62 men for hay and harvest fields
$2 50 to $125 day
126 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $30, $26, $25 and found
29 milkers and butter makers
$30, $25 and found
Cabinet maker, city Gardener and wife
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
19 choremen and boys for farms, all parts of
California... s3o. $26. $25, $20, $15, $10 and found
..HELP FOR STREET CAR LINES AND..
COMPANIES
MURRAY <fe READY', 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
TO EVERY' RAILROAD IN THE STATE
OF CALIFORNIA— LABOR-
ERS, TEAMSTERS, HAMMERMEN. ETC.
WAGES $3 DAY
BOARD & LODGINGS. ..ONLY. ..S4 50 WEEK
MURRAY' &. READY', 634-636 CLAY ST.
465 MEN WANTED FOR OREGON, WASH-
INGTON. HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. ARIZONA
AND OTHER PLACES NOT ADVERTISED.
COME AND SEE US.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CLAY ST.
WE WILL PAY YOUR FARE
....EVERYBODY'S GOING. ARE Y0U.'....
TO WORK IN THESE 24 SAWMILLS.
YARDS, WOODS, ETC WAGES $26, $30, $40
and found. (NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED.)
YESTERDAY" WE sent 64 men, TO-DAY WE
WANT 153 MORE men. ANYBODY WILL
SUIT ••-
-WE PAY' MURRAY" & READY,
YOUR FARE 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERY
29 cooks for all parts of California, hotels,
saloons, ranches, mines, restaurants, etc., $56,
$40, $35, $30, $25 and found. COME AND SEE.
12 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $2.7, $20, $15 and found
5 liters for mines, camps, etc., $30, $25 and
found; 12 bakers and assistants, third and
second hand boys to learn, etc., $40, $35, $30,
$25. $20. $1.7 and found
PORTERS ... JANITORS ... PANTRYMEN
Boys officers' mess, LAUNDRYMEN, 43 other
places
MURRAY' & READY*. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED
Farmer and wife for orchard, first-class place,
$40 and found
Blacksmith for country shop, near city. $4*
and board; blacksmith's helper for ranch.
' steady job, at $30 and found
10 farm hands, near city $26 and $30
Sheep herder, near city $25 and board
3 milkers $30
Furnace man for mine $2 25 a day
3 miners $52 per month
And 100 others. W. D. EWER & CO..
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook and wife and helper for home
bakery and lunch place, $90; waiter for
springs, $25; restaurant cooks, dishwashers,
kitchen men and other hotel help for city and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Machine man for sash and door
factory: laborers for mine, $2 day. free fare;
carpenter for mine, $3; blacksmith, $45 and
board; ao mill and woods men for Washing-
ton and Oregon; 5 woodchoppers, $1 25; house
carpenter, $3 CO day; quartz miners, $2 50 day;
gravel miners, $40 and board; Swiss milkers,
$25; farmers, laborers and teamsters at going
wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Man and wife for a small ranch,
$40. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
PAINTERS wanted at 621 Fillmore St.; new
house.
BOOTBLACK, Italian preferred. Comer Clay
and Front sts.
WANTED— Press boy. VANDEWATER &
NORTON, Printers. 921 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted. FINK-SHIND-
LER, 1309 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted; call 8-9 a. m.
721 Market St. PROFESSOR HAUSSLER
WANTED A young man with experience In
domestic department. Apply WEINSTOCK,
LUBIN & CO., Market and Taylor sts.
KNIFE CUTTER on ladies* and children's
wear. 723 Market st., room 37.
WANTED — Steady man: permanent place; will
pay .$l5 per week, with chance of Increase;
must have small capital. 1032 Market, r. 4.
FIRST-CLASS barber; steady. 1207 Scott St.,
bet. Eddy and Ellis.
WANTED — competent man or woman to
scrub and clean; wages $5 per week. 743 Pine.
WAITER wanted. 18 Eddy st.
SOBER reliable young man at Children's Play-
ground; one accustomed to animals preferred;
$7 per week. Box 4977, Call.
WANTED— I ccDk and 1 dishwasher; good
wages. ' 1530 Kentucky st.
WANTED— RetaiI grocery salesman; give ref-
erence, experience and wages expected. Box
4661 Call.
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop cheap; reasonable of-
fer accepted; other business. Apply at 533
Sixth st., grocery.
WANTED— at 137 Taylor st.
GOOD general tailor wanted. 129 Eddy st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1604 Kentucky St.,
Potrero.
GOOD barber wanted: steady Job. 19 Thirtieth
St., corner San Jose aye.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng. M. R.
GOLDBERG; 2535 Greenwich, near Presdlo.
YOUNG man or boy to learn painting. Call 7
to 8 o'clock 1129 Mission st. 7 ;■ V
WANTED— A good waiter. Pennsylvania Ho-
tel, 226 Michigan st.
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo Station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED salesman on commission
for Oakland: coffee and spices. Address AL,
box D. Oakland office Call.
WANTED— first class. Apply to T.
W. WARD, 422 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
TO go this week— 6oo pairs men's shoes, some
neariv new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts.. open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
STREET railway employes in need of money
for security deposit and uniform will find It
to their interest to call on H. J. SHAL-
MOUNT, 1406 Pine st.
WANTED Experienced traveling salesman to
sell on commission summer clothing exclu-
sively In the State of California: good refer-
ences required. The Baltimore Clothing Mfg.
Co.. 13 W. German St., Baltimore, Md.
TEAMS wanted to -work on the canal being
built at -Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts., San Francisco, or on work at
Sunol.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, '35c to
50c. 662 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE, 635 Clay St. .
MEN wanted— Laborers, drlllmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st.
TRY our 15c meals; best ln city. 406 McAllis-
. ter st.
HELP WANTED— MaIe.
NOTICE
TO DISCHARGED SOLDIERS
WE WILL GIVE
SITUATION FREE
TRANSPORTATION FREE
To any able-bodied soldier wanting work on
the Coast or Valley Railroad as laborer or
teamster, at wage? of $1 76 to $2 a day.
teamster. e^ R HANSEN & CO
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY* MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $> 50 PER DAY.
f C. R. HANSEN & CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
101 GEARY ST.
"~" NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
60 laborers and teamsters for the alley Rail-
road $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. IM Geary st.
SECOND cook. Lake Tahoe. $65: second cook
restaurant. $60; third cook, restaurant - $10 a
week; cook, plain hotel, $40; ™ok '. 3 * ) T , me "- £°'
cook, small resort. $35: second hand baker,
$35 and found: cake baker 'and; found,
third hand baker, country shop $18 WdW^.
waiter. $10 a week; neat first-c a*» hotM
waiter. $35; 2 waiters, hotel $30. kitchen
hands and dishwashers, $30 to .v. c. *"••
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT^flrst-class barkeeper for a springs ho-
tel. $45 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. . .
2 SHEEPHERDERS, $20 and found; wheel-
wright for a ranch. $35 and found; harness-
maker. $30 and found; sack sewer. city. a
day; blacksmith, vineyard. $30 and found
. ranch $35 and found; 3 carpenters. *2 50 to w
a day; driver for a milk TJ wa "g>"v.| ? v an
found, see party here. C. K. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION* CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; L.O large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to {2 per week.
ELLIS 321 (Rosedale House)— rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
BAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent, 504. 506 Davis St.
WANTED— Wheelers and setters for continu-
ous kiln. Brickyard, South San Francisco,
San Mateo County.
WANTED-Tenants for stores, flats: stores, $10
up; flats. $6 up. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
THREE Al hustlers to canvass; salary and
commission. 300 Post st.
150 ROOMERS— Boston House, 930 Howard st. ;
10c. 15c and 20c per night.
WANTED— Experienced trunkmaker. Apply
at 946 Howard st.. HARBAND BROS.
BARBER shop In lively country* town; 2 chairs;
baths. Apply at 1229 Golden Gate aye.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. : free shaving ln students' department.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— IS men to flnd clean, central, cheap
rms.. 25c, SOc night; hkpg.. $1 25 up. 88 3d St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, . 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 158.4 Eighth st. ,
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, S63's Market st.
TRY' Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2.7.- a night; $1 a week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter St.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. — For Sale
FOR sale— Horse 7 years old. about 1050 pounds;
good driver, single or double; $75. Call after-
noon 1925 Howard st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work hcrses. Chase & Mendenhall. suc-
cessors Kllllp * Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
JUST arrived— large horses and car-
load medium size, broke and unbroke. at
J. D. HORAN'S. Tenth and Bryant sts.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES— -LODGING For Sale.
IOobROOM HOTEL '.
TO RENT FURNISHED
NEW MODERN* BUILDING
ELECTRIC ELEVATOR: ELEGANT FUR-
NITURE;
Clearing $400 per month.)
15-room house on Fourth St.; only $275
20 rooms; corner house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown 400
15 rooms; clears $100; only 300
17 rooms; -exchange for large house 600
64-room house: clears $800 1600
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. sth.
FOR sale — The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel, 60 rooms, situated in the center
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51,
Tracy. Cal.
LODGING house, furnished, 17 rooms; store,
dining room and kitchen; in Stent, Tuolumne
County; for sale or rent. Apply to WILLIAM
HENRY. Angels Camp, Calf
$750— LODGING-HOUSE, 40 rooms; cheap rent
and lease: departure cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN i CO.. 777^ Market st.
JULIAN aye.. 192, cor 16th st.— Lodging-house,
11 rooms: all occupied; $175; rent $16.
$525— 20-ROOM house; good location; all rented;
rent $50. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
FAMILY boarding-house: steady boarders; 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box il. Call.
HOUSES TO LET.
LOVELY home: house 10 rooms, bath; flower
garden; $50; see It. 923 Pine St., near Taylor.
$30; SW. cor. Leavenworth and Chestnut; ele-
gant 2-story rouse; 6 rm., bath; marine view.
BUILDING suitable for dye works, laundry,
manufacturing, etc.; well water; cheap rent.
31S-320 Eleventh St.
HOUSE to let; 6 rooms; nice yard and cellar;
1133 Folsom St.; rent cheap.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; bath; newly papered and
painted; rent $30. 1717 Laguna st.
SPLENDID house: flne condition; 7 rooms; low
rent. 3386 Twenty-flrst st. key next door.
$25— HOUSE to let; 8 rooms; 1915 Golden Gate
aye. ; modern conveniences.
HOUSES TO LET Fnrnlshed.
TO LET— $35; flne residence, 6 rooms and bath,
with furniture: 2609 Pine st. Inquire of E.
ROBINET. 411*4 California St.: upstairs.
LOST AND FOUND.
JULY 17— Lost from 6:30 Sausalito boat to train
three notebooks ln pencil. Finder please re-
turn to E. S. 8., 130 Powell St., S. F., and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys on Larkin to Park. Re-
turn 1636 Howard; reward. Swiss Dairy.
WHITE fox terrier, with large tan spot over
eye. 317 Sixth st.; $5 reward.
LOST— On the way from Fruitvale to Oriel
Hotel, a diamond stud. Return to 138-142
Fremont St.; reward $25.
LOST— On steamer Berkeley Sunday morning,
basket containing child's dresses. Finder will ;
be suitably rewarded by returning same to ]
E. L. HUETER, 46 Ellis st.
FOUND— A bicycle. Owner inquire J. J., 532 A
Sixth st.
MISCELLANEOUS— Ior Sale
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought. ! sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
AN elegant pair solitaire diamond sleeve but-
tons for $10; worth twice the money. UNCLE
HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. -: '-:y-
BARBER shop, 2 chairs and baths, in San Ma-
teo County. Baden. M. BRIGHT. ..-*;,:.:
ALL suitable for wedding presents— 6 solid sil-
ver fancy engraved table spoons; 12 solid sil-
ver teaspoons; 6 solid silver forks; S pearl
handle table knives; 1 gold-lined heavy solid
sliver soup ladle; 1 large gold-lined solid sil-
ver mug; each set of this beautiful new sil-
verware ls In a new, elegant plush case
and will be sold for half of store prices.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BUTCHER shop for sale; good location; rood
trade. Apply Call offlce.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
A "SPLENDID tpyewriter for home use only;
$20. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgom-
ery st. .
CAMERAS and photo supplies— full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE Dlant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE. 516 Mission.
FOR sale— St. Bernard dog. 14 months old;
cheapo Inquire at 797 Mission st. ,
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers; 1 nickel plated
and other wooden; cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
FOR sale— A butter and egg route. For partic-
ulars address box 4964. Call office.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw.
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h p. $125. 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 52. Mission.
DRESS pants. $2 95: flne suits, $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sl7.»s; half original ist. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED-2-storv building with outground 75_t
20. Inquire 430 Sixth st. ■
WANTED— hire 100 flrst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. >
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5: no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy
St., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours. 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office.
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con.
suiting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to I
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed- any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
though else fail: 'delicacy, privacy, home,
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay self-cure sent; call or write; free ;conn-
lay self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market st.;
pills. $1; very strong. $2,
\ TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
" cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at offlce, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients: comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL, 1122 Market St., between
Mason and Taylor: office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men s
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 3* years.
DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny sL
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donneil has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure, consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free; call or write. 1028% Market st.
DR WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by hi-
nese herbs, over 30*0 varieties being used:
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to t
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe and sure: maternity
! home: no instruments; consultation free and
confidential: home treatment, $3. MRS. AL-
LEN. 22S Van Ness aye.
LADIES! — Chichester's Fngllsh Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable: take no
other: send 4c stamps for partic lars, "Relief
for Ladles." ln letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philada., Pa.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife, 2012 Folsom.
A— DR AND MRS. SILVA. 215% Mason st —
Private home In confinement: ladies' friend
ln trouble; terms reas.; call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. MC Clay, sole agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes.
DR and Mrs Wise, HIS Market st. -Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back: $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
ln confinement. 156 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st. ,;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. Sl per year.
" MONEY" TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. ■ - :■■.
ANY' amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate, 8d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
$5000 TO loan, term of years, first mortgage, 8
per cent net; principals only. Address box
4651. Call.
CASH loans to salaried people on note with-
out endorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Offlce. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg. chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
• without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see Hi MURPHY. '''" Market.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O' Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HAINES BROS., Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
OUR specialty— Best renting stock in Sar. Fran-
cisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660
Hayes st.
VERY' flne Weber for sale cheap; uprights less
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
PIANO, upright, good instrument, good order,
sacrifice $50; square. $40 1131% Mission st.
PIANO, good condition, f.ne tone, for sale; $75;
no dealers. 2484 Market St.; Monday.
USE of piano wanted for storage; no children;
best care. 354 Fell st.
PIANO for sale; $20. 2454 Market st.; call
Monday. yy.
AT $127— Steinway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st. '
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in flne condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
Post st. v.- .yy..- /.:■:: .-y.-.-.'.-f
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.*
SUPERIOR violins zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
ASHTON* .<. GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
I«0— 105 Taylor st.
- $c-"— 4S5 Valencia st_. corner Sixteenth.
133— 53? Mission st., near Fifth.
120— 32S Montgomery avenue.
J22 30— S3S ward st.. near Fifth.
JK— 236 First St.
J2o— $54 Fourth st.
$25—: Harrison St.. corner Langton. j
ELEGANT cafe: lease on liberal term*- loca-
tion central; improvements the finest. For :
full particulars apply MADISON* & BURKE,
€26 Market st. — — '
ATTENTION, .- eery ar.d saloon men—
store on SE. corner Tenth and Howard sts. :
cheap rent.
PALMISTRY.
MIIE. N"EERGAARDr"pupII of Count St. Ger- I
main. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; clashes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.: reading by mall. $1.
PALMIEA— Removed to 301 Polk St.. cor. Ful- |
ton; readings dally; lectures Monday 8 p. m.
YOUR fate is in your hand: scientific palmis-
try Mme. Ger-... 906 Market, rooms 29-30. ■
A— MME. BL'SHNELL. tne famous palmist. »!« ]
Bush St.. between Taylor and Jones.
PERSONALS. j
PAPA— Buy us a sombrero: He up; so nice for j
the country. Mexican Store. 114 Stockton st
LEDERER'S Quintonica is incomparable as a
hair tonic; stimulates the growth; keeps the
hair clean; 35<- bottle. LB Stockton st.
LEDERER always uses Scheffler's Colorine for
the hair: restores color, bleached or gray. $1 s*)
to $5: cost 75«: box: hairdressing. 23c; switches,
JL G LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
SCIENTIST desires partner to go around world
la submarine boat, visiting World's Fair in
Paris In ISOO. For particulars address W.
SEVERNE. box 25. Crockett. Cal.
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants tor suite to order. $: 73; pants. J3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. W44
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st.. Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
S*nd for Circular. Pate:. Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to Jl SO per night; Jl SO to M per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER we* for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post St.. wilt sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payment.-.
DR. GREELT'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 310 Golden Gate aye ,
separate ward for contagious diseases.
LADY expert letter witter: strictly confiden-
tial: business or personal. Rr^.m 6. 2S Seventh.
BEFORE going to the country get a handsome
genuine Mexican sombrero; 40c upward. Mexi-
can Store. 114 Sfw-kton st.
LIFE insurance policies bought far cash. W.
P.. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent. International Hotel.
LA-DIES— The Equipoise waist has r.o equal;
Ypsilantl underwear. OBER'S. 34 Geary st.
Jl 5') — 1000 CARDS, statements, bill or note
heads; catalogue printing. BLEY'S Printing
House. 311 Sacramento st. : tel. Main IS3*>.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to :er st
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 314 Pine. Krny
A — Ladies' cr gent's clothing, furniture bought,
snid; tel. Miut 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st
LADIES' tailor-made suits. Jl week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1?14 Market st. : open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo fumtture below cost to or-
der K. YOS TANI. 313 Sutter at
SUITS to order on eas* installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st . bet 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for -ufacng. O. sN'olte,
Je-weier. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell A Mason
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
IG2IU Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh
PSYCUOMETRY.
HENRY HARRISON" BROWN, psychemetrist;
reads character: g.v»s advice from spirit si is
cf life: heals by laying on hands. BOA Eddy.
KEAL ESTATE CITY' — For Sale.
IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell ■
them, call -.n W. J •;-"NN. 410 Montgomery- ;
TWO choice lots on Twelfth aye.. near Clem-
ent st. ; close to the fineet residence ln Rich-
mond: 25x120 each: only J630 each; electric
cars within a few steps: all street work done;
lots graded: easy payments. W. J. GUNN.
410 Montgomery st.
A— J735O; CHOICEST corner of all: marine and
park view, front and rear, cannot be ob-
structed: 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
pensively decorated; Inlaid floors; mohogany,
cherry and oak mantels: plate glasB windows;
very ccetly 6-llght gas fixtures: French
range, heaters, conservatory, etc. Apply to
ALBERT WILFORD, cor. Fulton and Shra-
ler ats , from 12 to 4 p. m. ; McAllister or
Hayes-st. cars.
ASHTON *i GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencla-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot: fronting on . streets.
Twenty-third st.. corner San Jose aye.. with
improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver sts. ; comer, with Improve-
ments. J«7fX>.
FOR Cottage. 6 large rooms 11-foot ceil-
ings: _.*- latest Improvements ; basement
finished; fine marine view; half block Eight-
eenth-st. electric cars; lot _Sx___o; house _(___ M
S3 Caselli aye. ; cheap.
J63OO— ELEGANT new house, 10 rooms; Spruce.
near Ciay; marine view; terms to suit;
everything modern.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY* For Sale
A COUNTRY HOME TO LEASE
In the hills of San Mateo County; 5 miles west
of Stanford University; house of 14 rooms and
baths hot and cold water, etc.; 23 acres, with
1200 fruit trees; nice grounds; barn, stables.
etc.: delightful roads, trails, woods: flne cll-
mite and water; daily stage; postoffice;
school, etc. J. H. GILMORE. 11 Montgomery.
XEW rich land r.ear city; small and large
tracts, MM acres sold to 120 families; 7300
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1.97-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock firms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 'pages. sent to ar.y address in the
* United .States, postpaid, for Jl per year.
y ' RESTAURANTS. —
■WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and lee
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANT NLA 8"-i.. off Jones, near Ellis— or %
hous-keeping rooms. JlO.
AT MS 12th st. Sunny furnished rooms, com-
plete for hkpg.; r-^as. ; also single.
DEVISADERO. 849. corner McAllister— 3 or 4
very desirable sunr.y unfurnished rooms; elec-
tric light; gas; bath.
EDDY. 329-2 nicely furnished connecting
rooms: sunny; sink, etc. ; ' $11. .
EDDY. 743—3 rooms, lower floor, furnished or
unfurnished; also single; large yard; laundry.
EDDY. 917 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rms.; low rent; private residence; no children.
FIFTH. 309— New house; 3 desirable rooms for
housekeeping. 3 beds; running water.
FIFTH. 353-3 furnished connecting rooms. '13;
two. J10; hallroom. J4 tO 5"
t FILLMORE.- 2208. r.ear Clay— Jls: : clean sunny
rooms; bath: nice yard and water.
FOLSOM, 78 >— Single and furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; light and sunny single rooms. $1
to Jl 25: housekeeping. J2 up per week.
I FOURTH. 120— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, en suite or single, J I 50 fier week and
upward.
GEARY. Parlor, bedroom, dlnlhg room.
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement.
GLEN PARK aye.. 5. off Twelfth St.— 3 unfur-
nished sunny rooms; closets; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 4.4— 3 neatly fur.. 2 front.
with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 640— Two nicely fur-
nished sunny rms.. with kitchen; also single.
GOLDEN" GATE, 1060—2 iarge sunny well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; free telephone.
HOWARD, ,719-4. nr. Third— Two frnshed rms.;
hot, cold, wat.; bath; private family; 19 mo.
JONES. 2036. cor. Filbert— 3 lovely unfurnished
rooms. Ending kitchen; bay-window; adults.
KEARNY. IP4— Three unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. $15.
LAGUNA. 714— St. James Apartment House-
Furnished and unfurnished; light housekeep-
ing: reasonable.
LARKIN, mm— Large sunny bedroom and
kitchen, furnished. ;• 50; 2 unfurnished. $8;
sunny single furnished. $4-
MARKET, IC2B— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet "_______
MARKET, 24.2— Large sunny room, grate.
large closet: light housekeeping; J6 a month.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
MINNA. .22—2 or 3 housekeeping rooms fur-
nished complete.
, •
MISSION. 654. nr. Third— sunny rooms; new-
ly furnished; 110 and $6 per month.
MISSION. S23 Front parlor: also alcove suite;
sunny; nicely furnished; $10 and $14.
MISSION, 967— Unfurnished and furnished, for
housekeeping; gas, bath; everything new.
-vi- 2 sunny ----- Ing rooms;
sunny yard: J3 75; no children: no dogs.
NATOMA. 701, cor. Eighth— Sunny housekeep-
- * Ing rooms, also single, with use of kitchen.
PEARL, 3. corner Market— 2 or 3 rooms fur-
nished comolete for housekeeping.
SECOND 505— or 3 furnished housekeeping
"rooms: bath: hot and cold water. ■
i SUTTER 1111 nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn. j
single suites! also hs*_p... ; terms reasonable, i
1 TEHAMA. 331—3 or 4 rooms for housekeeping; I
bath and stationary washtubs: very reasonbl. [
■ TI'RK c* l5 — Three sunny rooms; running water; \
bath two Jl4. or three t- for housekeeping.
' yjfij NESS aye.. 43—2 furnished sunny rooms i
for housekeeping: single for gentleman. j
. VAN NESS aye., *17— 2 sunny nicely furnished
housekeep Ing rooms. Jl.*> month.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I urn.
A-BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
Be to »! per night; Jl 23 to IS per. week, aad ;
light housekeeping: opeu ail night. ;
i ARLINGTON House. 17! Kearny St.— Pleasant •
gunny rooms en suite or single; first-cl£7as
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service: e^ff^rf-
bath, rooms. 50c to Jl ou .-.• MRS. J. KINO.
AT New Grand. 245 3d— 200 Ist-class sunny rms.. ;
Uc to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
•J at 33 Turk. cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.; reas. : transient, i
i BERNARD 17— J rooms, newly papered and
painted, ti: rent free until August L
. BRANNAN. 324. between Second and Third—
Nicely furnished rooms, with bath.
: BUSH 1124— Elegant suite, J25; single room.
$10; bath; running -ater; home con._ort3.
' C4.RROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well furn. rms. & offlces.
! CHELSEA place, 4. off Bush. bet. Stockton and
Powell— Newly furnished sunny room; pri-
i vate family. . j
i EDDY. 3^3, cor. Jones— Sunny corner bay-win- ;
i dow room reasonable. ■
EDDY 473-t-Large well-furnlsheU sunny room; ,
2 closets: running water. I
| ELLIS. Nice sunny hallroom; also large ;
I room: rent reasonable. 1
j ELEVENTH. IM— Large bay-window room.
i suitable for 2 gents; also others.
1 ELLIS. SCO— Bright. sunny comer suite of
rooms; pleasant place for dentist or doctors
office. '
FILLMORE. SIS. near Hayes— Nicely furnished
rooms: single and for housekpg.; cheap rent.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— Furnished rooms;
Jl per week !
FOLSOM. 739— Furnished rooms; single, $125
per week: housekeeping, $2 up.
FOLSOM. 1154— Nice sunny furnished room.
FOURTH. IT--.'-., -.- Mlssicn— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated: choice front rma
, FRANKLIN. 21. "The Newport"— sunny
furn. single and double rms. ; also housekpg.
I FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 429 Sixth rt.
■ GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable turn.
rooms; travelers accommodated, MRS. H\'£.R
GOLDEN STATE. 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents: sunny rooms by day. week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission Sunny rooms, en suite cr single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
i HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to Jo per week.
HARRISON. S6L bet. 2d and 3d— Large sunny
room: fire grate: suitable for 1 or 2 gents.
HAWTHORNE. 140. bet. 2d & 3d. nr. Folsom—
Smalt neatly furnished hall bedroom. J3 mo.
; HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton—
Sunny suites, single rms. : elev. : free baths.
! HOWARD, S29— Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient.
j — — -^ —
HOWARD. 15UA— Furnished rooms for man
and wife -r single gentleman: private family.
! IVANHOE. 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (» to 5 r.). $15 up: ref.
• JESSIE 601, corner Furnished rooms to :
! let. !
LARKIN, 247, cor. McAllister— front j
sunny rn_6. ; gas: run. wat. ; $1 75 to $2 50 wk. ,
' MARKET. 7*3*6— Neat newly furnished rooms; i
central location; $1 to $2 60 per week.
i McALLISTER. 519— Newly fur. front rm.. hot
run. water. JS: alcove sunr.y single room. K.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per we«k; transient.
; MINNA. 171. near Third— Room's to let by day,
week and month.
' O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
I OLIVE aye.. 123— Nicely furnished room to let
In small family.
1 O'FARRELL. JOS. near Powell— Front neatly
furn. rm. suitable for 2; also others. $1 75 up.
i POLK, I.27— Sunny front rooms; modern con-
veniences; hot water; low rent.
1 POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms: sunny.
i ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor, rooms- per night, 35c to $158;
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth si.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
| TAYLOR, 407— Front parlor, with use of
piano.
: THE Clyde. 364 Geary— Fine sunny front
rooms; transient; 50c up.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth st., cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming hou_e
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. Sth— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas;bath: new mangt.
THIRD. 23, nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Francisco; white lights extra good beds; chp.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 — Elegantly furnished
rooms, with or without board: telephone Lar-
kln 1064.
; TALE. 112 Taylor Sunny furnished and un-
furnished suites. Jo up; single, $150 up.
. CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
stage paid.
SEYVING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I $2 MONTHLY, rented, repaired bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans and half-
i orphans have been received Into the orphan-
age from January 1 to July 1, 1899: Gertie
Sanchez, 7 years; Lizzie Lang, 12 years 3
months; Winifred Casutt. 8 years 1 month.
Ruth Isaacs, 2 years; Lilly Isaacs. 3 years;
Louisa Greenwood. 4 years 8 months; Irene
Greenwood. 2 years 10 months; Matilda Lln-
tia, 8 years; Emma Semoncina, 0 years: Julia
i Semonclna, 2 years 10 months; May Welsh.
9 tars 2 months; Nora Broderick, S years;
Marian Gillian, 11 years 3 months; Veronica
Dtnesn 2 years > months; Mary Cavan, 2
weeks (foundling): Arthur Davies. 4 years 3
months: Harry Gage. 3 years 4 months; Jo-
-1 seph Charley, 2 years 2 months; Nick An-
! drews. 3 years 10 months; Luke Andrews, 6
y-ars 1 month; John James, 3 years 1 month;
Frank James, 6 years: Tommy Pine. 3 years;
George Llntia. 6 years; Fred Eaton. 4 years
i ( months; Tommy Thomberg. 5 years 1
months; Alexandra Nelson. 5 years; Frank
Johnson, 4 years 1 month;
i THE secretary of the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum Society herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted to the
asylum from January 1. iSS9, to July 1. 189!..
Anita Lindner, 3 yrs.; Alice W. Bowles, 3 yrs.
7 mes. ; Clarissa Cook. 7 yrs. : Annie A. Klang.
9 yrs 11 mos.; Macarthe G. Klang. 8 yra.;
Hazel Maguire. 7 yrs. ; Emma L. Oeding. - 5
yrs 4 mos.; Myrtle Oeding. 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Emily Seymour. 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Maggie Green,
14 yrs.; Stanley E. Williamson. 9 yrs.: Wil-
liam Lindner, 4 yrs.; Victor Beck. 3 yrs.;
Clarence Hawkins, 7 yrs. 11 mos.; Harold M.
Ross ! yrs.; James C. Cook, 4 yrs.; William
M. Hale. 12 yrs.; Bert S. Hale. 9 yrs. 7 mos.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: te! 5520.
■
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 28. -
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE A TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. A H. H. goods. 735 Mkt., tel. Black 111. !
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 18, 1899.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and j
card reader; born with double veil and sec- j
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read- !
Ing; ladies, 50c; gents, $1; sit.. Jl 50. 126 Turk. ;
ARRIVED— king of all mediums. Prof. I
Haley; tells your life from cradle to grave;
50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor St.. parlors 3-5.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium: tells your
life from cradle to grave; 50c, $1 up. 10« Tay- ,
lor St.. parlors 3-5. j
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to- I
night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m. ; 23c. 409 Leavenworth St. i
JOHN SLATER— Sitting daily, 1. to 4. 1809 !
Stockton st., near Greenwich.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 1 p. m. i
Mon.. 8: 25c: sittings. *1 233 Valencia st.
STAR TO LET.
STABLE of 8 stalls and large lot: Hayes st.,
near Devisadero; very cheap; suitable for any
business. Apply to DR. GUNZBURGER, j
1933 Ellis st.
-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. j
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$11*00 WILL buy a first-class cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; lot 35x110; all improvements and
street work finished in M days. J. H. :
YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park st. j
J7OO— FINE lot on bay shore.
J2200 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot
52x150; near High School and depot; terms, $1M
cash, 120 per month.
$3200 — New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; tot 47x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block '
from station and High School: easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms, j
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS! i
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 11650 for a J23CO horn*; 5 rooms, bath.
No. I— f_3sQ for a J3?0O home: 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— $7 BO for a !■*■■• home; 8 rcoms. bath.
No. 5— $4500 for a 17000 home: 8 r • roe, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern Im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
620 Market st., S. F. Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
_ —
SNAP— New House. 8 rooms* and bath: lot 50x
150: good location: 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tic c - tv F F'-H '"l."*" : -! l '•'-ap'n.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND UOAKD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds: private MRS PR FFN'KE. 1416 <th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS 1
!
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IN Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150. with modern
house of 9 rcoms.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing Jl per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS J5O upward: the loveliest spot on earth;
|j 50 cash. $1 s*) monthly: can let you have
one or more pieces 60x256 for J190: JlO cash
and JS monthly; tropical Fruitvale. adjoining
East Oakland: if you wish elevation, rolling
cr level valley land, you can be raited here:
no cold winds nor fog here: superb soil; grand
view; about one mile nearer the local traln_
than Walter Morosco of the Grand Opera
House, San Francisco, and ring in the level
valley; not far from a flne school and near
a 90-foot boulevard and electric cars. C: 'I
'■ or send for circulars. 455 Seventh st., Broad-
way station, Oakland; carriage free. H. 2X
JONES, Owner.
FRUIT
€60 acres of fine farming and grazing land.
5 miles from the City Hall of Oakland, ly-
ing between Oakland and San Leandro, near
San Leandro Electric Road. Land a. roll-
leg. Commands fine view, suitable for sub-
urban homes ir. subdivisions.
For further particulars Inquire of
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
450-462 Eighth street.
Oakland.
|750— (-ROOM cottage, high basement: stable:
nice large lot. etc.: must sell; owner called
away. Apply FIELD REALTY* CO., 1139 East
Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, li paces, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for 1.
postage paid.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Nctlce— Dividend No. 69 (_'■- per
share* of the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation
- Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st, on and after
THURSDAY July 20. 1599. Transfer books
will close on FRIDAY. July 14. 1199. at 3
o'clock p. m. EH SHELDON. Secretary.
" PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash., July 8, IS99— Sealed proposals, In tri-
plicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. August 8. ISS9. and then opened, for
furnishing forage and bedding at the sev-
eral military post! In this department for
fiscal year ending June 30. 1900 Information
furnished here or by quartermasters at '--
U. S. reserves right to reject or accept any
cr all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be
marked: "Proposals for Forage and Bedding
at ," and addressed to undersigned. J. W.
■TACORS C. Q. M.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ESTATE of MARGARET C. KELLY— Any
party or parties having at any time made or
witnessed a wilt or deed for the late MAR-
GARET C. KELLY of 604 Guerrero St.. for-
mer!'.- 424 Powell st.. will please notify
JUDGE SULLIVAN. Parrot - line, fifth
floor, and receive a suitable, reward.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrfage licenses have been Issued as follows:
•Adolphe E. Capurro and Matilda Dondero.. 27*-24
Adolphe Slot and Eugenic Duchteau 37-32
Josiah O. Swanney and Maggie Kaufman. 4.-*.
Jacob Mager and Helena Vloot.. 27-24
Sven M. Nelson and Marthlne Haage 40-3*5
Charles Drummond and Marie Schuller... 4/1-4.7
Fred H. Wehr and Lillian F. Murphy 22-19
Albert C. Cox and Frankie M. Cook 42-29
James P. Manning and Jennie McManus.. 33-27
Matte.-, Burick and Maria Giattinl 20-2."*
Frederick C. Starr and Henrietta Schultz.. 2s-25
, BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will net be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
' tens authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
j RICH— In this city, July 17. 1839. to the wife of
j Ed M Rich, a .on
_____
MARRIED.
: BERTHELOT— GERLACH— In this city, June
1, 1839, by the Rev. E. J. Lion, pastor of St.
Stephen's Episcopal Church. Isidore L. Ber-
thelot and Annie M. Gerlach, both of San
Francisco.
CULLEN— BURNHAM— In Fan Jose. July 11,
1599, Frank Rick Cullen and Vera Roll Burn-
ham. both of San Francisco.
FREDRICKS— MITCHELL— In this city. July
16. .-.-9. at the home of the bride's mother,
by the Rev. M. W. Williams. William D.
Fredrtcks of the City of Mexico and Violet
Lord Mitchell of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bender. Elise W. McCarthy, Bart hoi
Borden, John V. P. mew
Bryson, Harry L. Maloney, Amelia R.
Cashln, Edith C. Morgan. William J.
Clapp, Harry A. Plate. Mary
Clark. Joseph C. Reuleln, Emit S.
Caswell, Benjamin F. Sager, Emler
«enhausen. Mary Stevens. William P.
Gwin. Ralph Swett. Eben
Havens. Howard ::<»n, Elizabeth
Huxtable. Alethea Upward. Walter A.
Magee. Elizabeth A. Young. William H.
BENDER— In this city. July 18, 1839. E'.ise W..
dearly beloved and only child of Hen-man C.
and Katherine Bender, a native of San Fran-
cisco, azed 1 month and 7 days.
BORDEN— In this city. July 17. 1899, John Vin-
cent Prior Borden, beloved and only son of
Catherine Border., and brother of Mary P.,
Josie I. and Ada L. Borden and Mrs. Vena
Stevens, a native of Benicia. Cal.
£_?■ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 911 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mans
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
iifcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan A Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln JchooL
Telephone Boutfa «J.
BRYSON— this city. July 17. 1599, Harry L-,
only son of Mrs. S. E. and the late C. W.
Bryson. and brother of Pearl Brys«,n. a na- ,
tive of Pan Francisco, aged 17 years 11 mouths ;
and 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 38* Jersey street, near Castro. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CASHIN— In this city. July IT. 1559. Edith
Catherine, daughter of D. M. and Kate E.
Cashln. aged I years 6 months and 17 days.
CLAPP— this city. July li. 1539, Harry A..
beloved husband of Lottie Clapp. and brother
of F. W. Clapp and Mrs. W. H. Lorintt, a
native of California, aged 36 years.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 242.7 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
CLARK— In Weaverville, Trinity County, July
17. Ltt*, Joseph Curtis Clark, beloved son o*.
R. L and J. Clark, and brother of R. L. Jr.
and F. W. Clark. Mrs. H. L. Stewart. Mrs.
Walter Lovelar.d and Mrs. J- E. Shand. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 4
months.
C'( -SWELL— In Plymouth. Mass.. July 10, 1599
Benjamin Foster Coswell. aged 67 years and
. months. (San Jose papers please copy.)
Burial at Middleboro. Mass.. July 13.
FRIESENHAUSEN— In this city. July IS. 1839.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of John Friesen-
hausen. dearly beloved mother of John A..
Henry and Charles Friesenhausen and Mrs.
P. Leonhardt. and aunt of Mrs. E. Dammas.
a native of Bavaria. Germany, aged 63 years. ;
(New York papers please copy.)
tTTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Tuesday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1410- Devisadero street, between Geary
and O'Farrell. thence to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be cf-'ebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GWIN— In" this city. July IT, 1899. Ralph, be-
loved son of William M. and Blanche Gwin.
a native of San Francisco, aged IS years *
months and 9 days. v
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday-). at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 226S Franklin street. Interment pri-
vate.
HAVENS— In Alameda. July 16, 1599. Howard
Havens, in his BOth year
t-""The funeral will take place to-morrow
.Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1031 San. Antonio avenue, Alameda
(Enclnal station]
HUXTABLE— In this city. July 16. 1899, Alethea
Mildred, beloved daughter of Henry J. and
Kittle Huxtable. and brother of Charles H.
Hnxtable, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 months.
MCCARTHY— In this city. July 17. 1559, Bar-
tholomew beloved husband of the late Har-
riet McCarthy, and father of Harry. Burt
and John McCarthy and Mrs. Oregon" * I '>'-
a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged .6
years and ? months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter. Mrs. Gregory tke:;;. «; s
Twenty-fifth street, thence to St. Paul _
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
MAGEE-In this city, July 1«. 1599. Elizabeth
ft beloved wife of John Mage., and beloved
mother of Mrs. Nellie Chapman, a native of
Canada, aged 51 years 8 months and 6 days.
C_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tu-sday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 524 Stevenson street. Interment I. O.
O F. Cemetery- •
MALONEY-In this city. July 15. ISS9. Amelia
R dearly beloved wife of Thomas B. Ma-
loney mother of Harry Harrington and Ed-
win Maloney. daughter of Henry and Martha
Massoni. and sister of Mrs. W. B. Drown and
'Lou's Massoni. a native of San Francisco.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:« o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1543 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth and Howard streets.
for services commencing at 2 o clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MORGAN— In this city. July I*. I*?. William
J. Morgan, a native of England, aged 63
years. .
' ___TFrlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment National Cemetery.
PLATE— In this city. July 15. 1«99. Man. be-
loved wife of Frank E. Plate, mother of
Frank!" Plate, and sister of Maggie. Andrew
and Abe Wall of Virginia City. Nev., a na-
tive of Virginia City. Nev.. aged X years.
(VlTlnla City. Nev.. papers please copy.)
C__r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9-30 o'clock, from the Parlors
of Theoddr Dierks. undertaker. 90, Mission
street, thence to SI i ■eon's Church for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment Laurel Hill
. Cemetery-
RET'LEIN-Jn this city. July 17. 1899. Emu S-.
Sear beloved husband of Bertha F. Reuleln.
beloved father of Mortle, Emma and Anton
Reul-in, son of Barbara and the '.are John
Reul»ln. brother of David Reuleln and Mrs.
Minnie Miller, and son-in-law of Henry and
the late Lizzie Subline, a native of .San
Francisco, aged 37 years 3 months and 12
SAGER-m this city. July 17. ISS9. Emler. be-
loved son of Julia Sager. and brother of
Mamie. Clara. Maggie. James and John
Sager. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
STEVENS— this city. Jify »**. IT'S. William
" P beloved son of Catherine and the late
Joseph Stevens, and brother of James F. . Jo-
seph A.. John E. Mary A and Helen Stev-
en?, a native of Son Francisco, aged 23 years
5 months and 6 days.
t^TF'-'ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1325 California street, thence to St.
Marv'-* Cathedral. Van Ness avenue where
a requiem high mass wilt be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SWFTT— In this city. July 17. 1899. then, be-
loved band of May Swett. father of Mrs
Lulu Lee Mrs. Grace C Clerg and Charles
Swett and brother of Mrs Andrew?. Mrs.
M ffatt Mr«. Sessons, Mrs. Bandy and John
Swett. a native of Brunswick. Me., aged 55
years 7 months and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter. 340 Turk street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
THOMSEN— In this city. July 16. 1«99. Eliza-
beth beloved wife of the late Henry Thom-
sen. ' a native of Germany, aged 63 years 4
months and 16 days. V
r^rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 108 Henry street, between Noe and
Castro Fourteenth and Fifteenth. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
UPW\RD— In Alameda. Walter Aubrey. Infant
son of Josephine and Walter Upward, a na-
tive of California, aged 1 day. (Sacramento
papers please copy.)
TOUNG— In this city. July 15. 1599, "William H..
beloved son of Bridget and the late William
E Young, and brother of John J.. Charles F.
and Cecelia A. Young and Mrs A. M. Mac-
plierson. a native of La Porte, Cal.. aged 41
- ears
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
,-. 13 «i a , i at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1*541 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
THE RESULT OF A
MOB'S VIOLENCE
ADOLPH I*. REHTELD SUES THE
CITY FOB DAMAGES.
His Saloon on Greenwich and Lyon
Streets Was Destroyed by the
Tennessee Volunteers
Last April.
' ' . i
Th wrecking of the saloon of Adolph
L. Rehfeld at the southeast corner of j
Greenwich and Lyon streets by the Ten
nessee volunteers some months ago haa
not yet been forgotten. Yesterday Reh- '
feld filed suit against the city and county
to recover damages in the sum of $5994 92,
the alleged value of the premises de
stroyed.
The complaint sets forth that on April
16 a mob consisting of 200 men or more '.
attacked his store, totally demolished and
destroyed it and set fire to the building.
Plaintiff alleges that he exercised due
diligence to prevent' the damage to his
property and promptly notified the au- j
thorities, and their failure to protect tho
property lays the city liable for the dam- \
age sustained by him.
On June 24 Rehfeld presented a claim for :
the sum named to the Supervisors. They
rejected the claim, and hence the suit.
- . __ -
Officers Installed.
The following named have been installed
> as officers of Portola Council of the Young
1 Men's Institute: Daniel T. Powers, past
president; J. A. Kelly, president; E. A.
1 Cahalen and E. J. McSorley, vice presi
dents; James J. Cantlin. financial sec
retary; Jerome J. Sullivan, corresponding
secretary: James M. Rodgers, treasurer;
Thomas H. Sullivan, marshal: 11. O'Con
nell inside sentinel; John J. Connell. out
side' sentinel; Dr. H. Logan, medical ex
aminer; F. ODonnell. F. A. Dumont, D.
T. Powers and E. J. Kenny, executive
committee. The delegates from this
council to the Grand Council are F. A.
Dumont and D. T. Powers; alternates,
Thomas Kelly and E. J. Kenny. .
TROOPS WOULD
SAVE AS MUCH
AS POSSIBLE
Are Hoarding Their
Allowance.
— ♦ —
MORE WATER FOR THE POST
— • —
UNCLE SAM NOW A CLIENT OF
THE SPRING VALLEY.
•
The Presidio Supply Was Steadily
Failing and It Was Found Neces
sary to Connect With, the
Company's Main.
»
Out of all the rumpus over the shivering
volunteers there rises the fact that the
Oregon troops can get clothing In plenty
if they will appiy for It. There are hun
dreds of overcoats on hand, both in the
regimental headquarters and at the de
partment headquarters, and all the sol
diers have to do is to apply for them. The
trouble Is. however, that the men are
more anxious to save the price of the
overcoat than to keep warm in Govern
ment clothing for the remaining weeks of
their service, and therefore they are not
asking for overcoats. The garments are
allowed the troops at a price of $11 69; if
they do not draw them they will be al
lowed the same amount in money, and the
Government do not allow the men to
draw the overcoat and get the money as
well.
The clothing allowance to each man is a
liberal one. In the first year of his en
listment he is allowed about STS. If he use.
all this he is clothing himself much better
than the average soldier; if he use but a
part of it the balance will be turned over
to him In cash. The Oregon regiment Is
now working upon its allowance for the
second year, and the men all have from
$15 to $20 of their allowance coming to
them. They wish to draw it all In money,
and so they are purchasing civilian over
coats or none at all. They have the mon
ey, for only last Saturday they were paid
for the months of May and June. Before
they are mustered out there will be
another month's pay due them and they
will be given the two months' extra pay
allowed by act of Congress to all troops
serving beyond the limits of the country.
This will make three months' pay. besides
travel allowance, which will amount to
over $30 a man. This travel allowance is
practically a gratuity, for the Government
could save money by transporting the
troops to their home in Oregon and mus
tering them out there, but yielding to the
demands of the men it has decided to
muster them oat here and allow them the
travel allowance. With all this coming to
them there is no one to blame but them
selves if they are not properly clad.
General Summers has the power to or
der his men to provide themselves with
overcoats, but hesitates to do so In view
of the short time the regiment will re
main in the service. The clothing ques
-ion is not one of neglect nor Inattention
nor indifference— lt is a personal one with
the individual soldiers. When the regi
ment arrived at the Presidio it was met
by Colonel Marshal, the department
quartermaster, who informed General
Summers that the men would probably
need warmer clothing and that if they
made application they could have It as
quickly as It could be brought from tne
storehouse in the city: but no applications
have been made. Weeks ago General
Shafter brought the matter to the atten
tion of the authorities at 'Washington
and his answer was that it is against t-*e
law to Issue any clothing to any soldier
without charging it to his clothing ac
count. , __ , __.«.
The need of warm clothes is felt by
those on guard more than by any of the
others, and General Summers has noti
fied "his captains that when they detail
a man for guard duty they shall see that
he makes some arrangements with some
one who has an overcoat, so he may bor
row it while exposed on his post. The
guard is a very small one. being merely
for the purpose of preventing violations
of the police rules of the camp, and so
there are plenty of overcoats in the regi
ment to go round. It is the men who
come into town and then ride out to the
post again on the fronts of the cars that
are In most danger. So far. however,
there is no Increase In the sick list.
The Spring Valley Water Company
placed the Government upon its list of
customers yesterday and hereafter it will
draw a fat monthly bill from Uncle Sam.
The water question has been one over
which the authorities at the post have
been worrying themselves for some time.
The reservoir has been lowering steadily
and the pumps have all been going full
power, while the wells they drew from
have been failing. It was found that
something had to be done, and yesterday
the matter was settled by connecting *.ie
post main to the Spring Valley service.
The post has now nearly 6000 men quar
tered ln Its various camps and barracks,
and they have been using nearly 250.000
gallons "of water a day. Both the post
buildings and the camps have been kept
supplied from the Presidio reservoir, but
now only the camps are so supplied. The
head of the Spring Valley main does not
give pressure enough at the camps, so
they still draw from the reservoir; but
lower down among the buildings the
Spring Valley service is all that will here
after he used.
The Nineteenth United States Infantry
will arrive here about July 22 and two
battalions of It will go directly on board
the new transport Tartar; these, with 178
recruits, will make the transport's load.
The Ohio and Newport are booked to sail
on the 25th Inst., but their allotments
have not yet been made.
General Shafter spent yesterday at
Santa Crui, where he was the guest of
the Chautauqua gathering now in session
at that place. He was accompanied by
his aid. Major Noble.
Upon the recommendation of the chief
surgeon of the department. Acting Assist
ant Surgeon William Grey Miller. U. S.
A. now at the United States General Hos
pital. Presidio of San Francisco, has been
assigned to temporary duty at the deten
tion camp. Angel Island. \fy.
One of the recently arrived recruits
from Indiana brings with him a romance
that came near being a tragedy. He is
Mark Eaton of Terre Haute, and because
he Joined the army and started for the
Philippines his sweetheart, Emma Finni
gan. tried to poison herself with carbolic
acid. Eaton saw her try to swallow the
stuff and stopped her before she had done
more than burn her mouth. The affair
took place on the platform of the railway
station at Terre Haute and caused quite
a sensation. The young lady has been
reconciled to Eaton's departure and has
decided to wait for him until he returns.
TWO FLAGS.
Captured at San Rogue, P. 1., They
Are Sent to the Sons of Veter
ans of This City.
The officers of the California division of
the Sons of Veterans received yesterday
two flags from the Philippine Islands for
the purpose of being placed on the walls
of the division headquarters. They were
sent by members of William MoKinley
Camp who are In the First Heavy Artil
lery One is a Filipino flag that belonged
to the comand of General Estrella v San
to" and was captured on the 9th of Feb
ruary* last at San Rogue, the day that
that place and La Carida were taken by
the American forces. The other is a
Spanish flag which the Filipinos had cap
tured from the Spanish, and it was se
cured by one of the McKinley Camp men
from the old church at San Rogue while
it was in flames. The members of the
Heavy Artillery were in the front at San
Rogue. All captures belong to the United
States, but by permission of the provost
marshal the men were- permitted to send
the flags for the purposes Indicated.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
SWIMS A TORRENT
TO SAVE A TRAIN
"' r m _• 1
Canadiao Pacific Railway Watch
mar) PreveQts tfeavy Loss
of Life.
VANCOUVER, B. C. . July IT.— peculiar accident occurred on Sunday
night on the line of the Canadian Pacific Railway. The scene was in the
Rocky Mountains, where the mountains are thousands of feet high and ra
vines and gulches hundreds of feet deep. William Honey, watchman for the
railway, discovered late in the evening that the bridge across Cherry Creek
nearKamloops had been burned, and there was a gap of 150 feet unbridged. It
was nearly time for the imperial limited to arrive from Vancouver, and the
watchman was at a loss to know how to stop her and avoid a disaster. Im
mediately after the limited express there was the excursion train of the Na
tional Editorial Association, which was delayed thirty hours by the accident.
Honey realized that prompt action was necessary. and. all alone, he walked
into the swift running current and swam across. By the time be was half
way across he was nearly benumbed by the cold water of the lake, which runs
from the glaciers in the mountain crevices above, but. badly exhausted, he at
last landed safely and climbed up to the railway track again. He flagged the
train in plenty of time, and the editors were back several miles, safe in their
cars', when the alarm was given to them. They were kept there until this after-
Honey the watchman, was warmly received by the passengers of the
train, who will present him with a watch. He will be rewarded by the com
pany' for his faithfulness.
HUNGRY MINERS
AT ST. MICHAEL
Hundreds of Men Are
Stranded.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' _ TTLE. July _..'. — The
steamer Roanoke arrived from
St. Michael to-night with about
500 passengers and gold dust es
timated at $2,000,000. It is mostly
owned by the Dawson- banks
and the North American Trad
ing and Transportation Com
pany. The largest individual
amount is said to be $50,000, be
longing to the Baker Bros.
SEATTLE, July IT.— The>iteamer ,
Laurada arrived to-day from St.
Michael with between 300 and 400 pas- |
sengers. Among them were teen dis
charged soldiers from Rampart City. i
No big amounts of gold dust were car
ried off the Laurada. Some claim there |
was about half a million dollars scat
tered among the passengers, while
others said most of them returned
empty hanC.d.
Third Officer George of the Laurada
fell overboard this morning. One of
his legs was cut off by the propeller
blade.
The news brought from Cape Nome
is varied and conflicting. One or two
men give glowing accounts, while many
of the miners from Dawson, who had
spent two or three weeks at St.
Michael, say f y are convinced the re
ports of rich finds are exaggerated.
Some go so far as to pronounce it a
transportation fake.
S G. Sir-json of this city says he
learned at St. Michael that miners of
th*- Cape Nome country were washing
out as high as $500 a day. A. E. Me-
Raedy of Colorado said:
"It is my opinion that Cape Nome is
a fake." _____ -..,--.-.
James Niland of Winona. Minn..
«ays- "A friend of mine who is thor
oughly reliable tells me there is abso
lutely nor" being taken out and no
work is being done on claims."
St Michael is at present the har
binger for hundreds of poor unfortun
ate* who have drifted down the xukon
r.-er with nothing with which to pro
vide even the ordinary necessl" of
life James E. Kelly, a passenger on
the Laurada. estimates that there are
now at St. Michael between 200 and 300
stranded prospectors who do not know
where their next meal is coming from.
The Government station on the island
is besieged with pit'— appeals for aid.
and «.--mship companies can obtain
any number of men for any kind of
work who were willing to go into the
hold in order -- work their passage
down. , ,
This state of affiairs is ~-<ely to con
tinue all summer, as rude, improvised
craft from various river points drift
into the harbor every day v-dth strand
ed men. • , . -
A general aver? go of the estimates of
the amount of gold dust n the Lau
rada is $250 0.
SAN JOSE'S FINANCES.
Splendid Showing Made in Mayor
Martin's Annual Message.
SAN JOSE, July 17.— Mayor Martin pre
sented his annual message to the City
Council this afternoon. It shows the
city's finances in a better condition than
for some time past. The running ex
penses of the city for the year were $39.
--841 11. less than last year. The message
states if this economical administration
Is carried on, the cash basis fund will be
sufficient to place the city on a. cash basis
three years hence, instead of ten years,
as the charter provides.
Sufficient money is on hand for the
School Department to carry on the pri
mary and grammar schools until the
money of the levy intended for the year
_!»_# and 1900 has been collected and turned
Into the treasury.
Mayor Martin is convinced the city
should own its own lisrhting plant. He
Gays lt will not be necessary for the clty
to erect an electric light plant, as the
company organized to utilize the water
power of Blue Lakes for cities and towns
about San Francisco will lay wires
through San Jose and a satisfactory con
tract for power could probably be made
with them.
WARRANT FOR AN ARTIST.
UKIAH. July Game Warden Orn
baum to-day swore out a warrant for the
arrest of Robert Edgren, the newspaper
artist of San Francisco, charging him
with having killed grouse in violation of
the law. Ornbaum says Edgren left this
city last night to avoid service of the pa
pers.
BEGINNING IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
J STEPHEN CRANES Latest and J
? Most Thrilling Serial Story *
I "Active Service" I
* ' ' " j '■"'■■■■ '■ " -. ■ - ♦
4- "* "The Most Interesting *
'* Romance of Modern Days." (
Next Sunday's Call. Next Sunday's Call.
DEMOCRATS IS
A MERRY WAR
Roast for the National
Committee.
Special PiZT^ The Call.
CHICAGO, July 17.— Mayor Carter H.
Harrison to-day sent the following let
ter to the committee in charge of ar
rangements for the Democratic meet
ing at the Auditorium on July 20:
\ W. P. Cooling Esq.. Chairman Commit
tee of Arrangements— Dear Sir: Replvlng
to your favor of the Uth inst.. In which
you ask me to deliver an address of we;,
come at the Auditorium on July 20 to the
National Democratic Committee and a
large number of prominent Democrats of
America. I regret my inability to accept.
In ordinary circumstances I should be
only too glad, both as Mayor of Chicago
and as a Democrat, to welcome th» I a
tional committee, or any number of Dem
ocrats to Chicago, the city in which ths
platform of IS'"*; was framed and in which
v.. J. Bryan was elevated to his present
leadership of the National Democracy. I
cannot but think, however. It would be
an absurdity to welcome these distin
guished men under the ausnices of a self:
constituted committee, whose personnel is
too. obscure to be known even In its home
city. Had this me- ting been organized
under the direction of Democrats of th«
regular type and know:: party standing it
would have afforded me great pleasure
to be presnt. In the existing circum
stances, while thanking you for the hon
or. I must beg leave to be excused. Tours
respectfully.
CARTER H. HARRISON.
"When a copy of Mayor Harrison's
letter was shown to ex-Governor Alt
geld, he said:
"I am sorry the Mayor looked at it
that way. He has made a grave mis
take. He has lost a golden opportun
ity. Should he come to the meeting
; and make a rousing Democratic speech
! he would place himself at the head of
the Democratic party of the State. But
'he has lost the chance now. lam sorry
! fur it."
When Mr. Cooling read the Mayor's
letter he made the following statement:
"We have given the young man in
\ the City Hall the opportunity of his
i life, which he has failed to appreciate.
There is a tide in the affairs of men,
which, taken in the flood, leads on to
: fortune. The son of Carter Harrison
; has ceased to be a Democratic possi
| bility." xy ;-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.*
A L Hammond. BostntMlss E Keplar lowa
S G Roberts & w. N YiMlt. E Orcutt.' lowa
G Roberts, New York Miss L Gill -- lowa
W E Ellis, New York F N Bradford. S»attl»
W E Wilson. Wis I J L Satterfield. Te.va3
A C Hutchins. lowa M Be* bear Colo
M L Dibble. lowa S L Cooper. Xv
Mrs F B Smith. lowa J L Phillips. Xv
I' Mendenhall. lowa W Brashfield •• =,
Miss H Scrlpp. lowa J C Heater, Alturas
Miss J _ Hill. lowa J Wanzer, Omaha
Q R Smith, Ind F Hiner. Pittsburg
J H Smith, Ir. i A Han ifir. Seattle
Miss F Hill. Albany J Mulroy. Fresno
Miss F C Green. N V E L Connor. Ind
P. Fraser. Vancouver \V Dale i w, Texas
PALACE HOTEL.
W J Gilllspe. Redding T 3 Phelps. U 9 \-
F I Herron. L Ang M P Neil. St Louis
J Joseph. Cincinnati [Mrs J P Neil. St Louis
Mrs Joseph. Cincinnati I Mrs B Baer. St Louis
Miss S Joseph. Ohio Miss B Treidman. Mo
Miss E Joseph. Ohio G H Collier Ca!
J Clerfayt. Chgo IP D Martin. <" a I
\\ Q French. NY ; W H Chickering. Cal
Mrs W G French. N V F J Strom. Mo
J J Peterson. Manila [C P Bras S Jose
P. L Singleton. Term 'F B Maynard. Mass
Mrs Singleton, Term Mrs Ma;-.-: Mass
Miss Singleton. Term Miss P. Maynard. Mass
J Singleton. Term F J Barnard Seattle
S B Tainter. Chgo J Drukker. Baltimore
J Hirsch. Texas C P. Clover. V S N* -
P. M Powers. S Diego Mrs Clover. DS N
J B Lankershim. L An Mrs Jersey. L Ang
W B Cl'.ne. L Ang P J Finn Washington
A H Rutherford. NY LB Smith. Washngtn
R G Van Ness. HI IS W Morgan. Minn •
J M Leszynsky. NY!
GRAND " HOTEL.
J S Robertson. Hanfrd Mrs M Long & s. Bag -
L B Doe. w & sn, <>.: Mrs A Younger, sacto
E L Holliday, Sta Cruz J Emery. Chico
T A Graham, Sn Jose W A Doyle, San Mateo
A J Wright. Chicago Mrs F Harvard. Cal
E Clarke & W. Cai Miss Southford. Cal
V J Rich & w. S Jose J F Devendorf. s Jose
H M Graham & w.HI W V Wood, w A d.
C T Gilg-^r. Hopland Indiana
J L Travis & v.. Oakld G Calkins & w. Mich
A J Larson. L. _: W W Adams, Cal
H T Jones. Cal Miss M Hyde. Oaklnd
G YV Robinson. Nev Mrs Thompson. Oaklnd
Q C Fly, Napa Miss St^ppenbach. Wis
W H Baker. Cal Mrs Stoppenbach. Wis
F L Pursey. Cal E S Haiti lav. S C
L Keegle, Ca! W C Canfleld. R I .
E C Davis. Cal Miss Beard. Ky
W R Jones, lowa A L Rice. Riverside
S R Patterson, Arts J M Roberts. Cal
C B Ford. San Jose C W Stahl. D Moines
G 7Y Jones, Ithaca W X Stahl. San Jose
Mrs H L Wells & d, W H Porter. Fresno
Portland J H Landreth. Oaklnd
C D Clark. Peoria J A Black. Chicago
L E Stocking & w. Cai F D Stephenson. Cinn
E W Coy, Cincinnati F C Ross. San Jose
J R Trotter. W Va L F Gordon. Spokane
Miss M*Mayberry. Nev A C Randall. <"a 1
Mrs G B Parsons. Cal P Smith. England
Miss L Dickson. Cal Miss A Smith. England
0 B Finn. Folsom J Holmes. Boston
c E Lovett. Denver iW B Dennett, Fresno
1 C McNeill & w. Mich J S Sharvan, Ohio
W G Bruce. Milwaukee C H Bulson. Stockton
Mrs W T Schenck. Cal W A Zonynge. Ls Ang
W T Schenck Jr. ."a! ,C H Taylor. Chico
J W Bowen. Ls Ang 'M J Reilly. Sr. Andreas
A R Gilchrist. NY F Adams. New York
P D C Schllng. Or IB F Foster. Phoenix
C Queen. Cal IH E Wright. Oakland
M Woolf, NY iHG Scudder. N V
Mrs G W Krutner.Nevt
1112
MRS. LOORIA'S BODY
HURRIED TO THE TOMB
Attending Physician Refused to
Sign a Death Certificate,
Failure to Notify the Coroner Followed by a Hasty
Funeral-Daughter Disputes Her Stepfather's
Claim to the Money.
rntl'O months ago Mrs. Fannie Looria i
TWO suddenly the family residence, i
suddenly at the family residence,
! _f*o Shipley street. Almost before the
-*■ damp of death had settled on her |
brow ugly rumors were circulated con- j
cerning the manner of her taking off.
None of these have so far been confirmed. |
but invest igation has led to the discov- j
cry that there was sufficient irregularity
about her burial, coupled with a haste to |
perform that task, to demand an official |
ir_auir>\ To the Probate Court, which
now controls the -.!>."_ cash credited in
l*ank to the dead woman, and to Coroner
Hill this duty remains. Before they finish
with it then may be a startling story to
For the last five years of her time
the woman was 'he wife of Max Looria,
a tailor .it least tin years her junior. They
resided with her daughter by a former
marriage, Mary Rosenthal, at 190 Shipley
t etreet. On Thursday, May 19, Mrs. Looria.
who had often expressed an intention of
making a will, announced in the home cir- j
cle that sh>? was going that afternoon to
her lawyer to do so. it being her deter- j
mination to bequeath the $3000 In bank, i
that amount being the remainder of the
turn she had when she married Looria.
This announcement. it is said, caused a
quarrel in the house, the husband claim
ing that he was entitled to as much con ]
Blderation as the daughter. The upshot ;
was that Mrs. Looria concluded not to
make her will that day. but to do so the i
following Monday. With this Idea in j
•mind she sent for Mrs. A. Davis, a neigh- I
bor residing at I*> 6 Shipley street, asking
that lady to accompany her Monday on
that errand. Mrs. Davis consented.
■■' The next day. Friday, Mrs. Looria, who
had always been a hard-working woman,
-went about her work as usual and in the
evening went to market, returning to eat .
her usual supper. At 10 •Sock that night
she retired; having complained previous
ly of a burning sensation in her stomach, j
accompanied by a consuming thirst. She
became rapidly worse, and at midnight J
she requested that Mrs. Davis be sent for. i
"1 am dying, the woman said when her
neighbor 'arrived. '.'I know I'm .lying."
Mrs. Davis laughed "at her fears and pro
ceeded to do what she could to assuage
the suffering. She noticed that Mrs.
Looria's feet were becoming cold, and 'she
applied mustard plasters and rubbed the j
dying woman, in the hope of increasing \
the circulation.
Mrs. Davis concluded finally that a phy- !
sician must be called. Site instructed |
Mary Rosenthal to run out and get the
first one she could find. This happened
to be Dr. Margaret Mahoney of '."''. , How
ard street, who hurried at once to the
sick woman's side.
Dr. Maho reached the house within I
a few minutes of 2 o'clock. Mrs. Looria i
died at 4730 o'clock Saturday morning. As
Dr. Mahoney had not been in attendance
on the sick woman a sufficient length of i
time to diagnose the case, she refused to ,
give a certificate stating the cause of
death. She, did. however, give Looria a
note to the Coroner. It read as follows:
«<l9 Howard Ftr»et. May 20, 1899.
Dr. Hill— lear Friend: I was called at 2'
o'clock this morning to attend Mrs. Looria, at .
190 Shipley Htre^t. 1 was with her until 4 : 3' • . i
when she died. ! have no doubt that her death
was due to natural causes, probably fatty de
generation of the heart and some Indigestion.
If you wish any further particulars I will tell '
you. If you wish nic to sign .i certificate and j
if you countereien It please let me know.
MARGARET MAHONEY, M.D.
"I was called to attend the patient
about 2 o'clock in the morning." said Dr. :
Mahoney, "and found her suffering from ,
a diseased condition of the heart, super- I
DR. MARGARET MAHONEY'S NOTE TO THE CORONER.
Although the physician who attended Mrs. Fannie Looria refused to sign a death certificate. Dr. John R. Mc-
Murdo, who never saw the deceased, filled out the blank and pocketed a fee.
Induced, In my opinion, Ny indigestion. I i
treated her for two hours, hut without
success, and she died. Thereupon, at the I
suggestion of a relative and knowing that j
I could not sign a certificate of death,
not having been in attendance for twenty
four hours, l addressed a communication
to the Coroner, sotting forth th*' facts of
the case and asking that a countersign
certliieate be Issued. This note was taken,
I presumed, to the Coroner, but on inves
tigation I found that It had been taken
to Dr. McMurdo and that he signed the
certificate on the statement intended for
the ostruction of the Coroner. How the
matter was arranged I do not know, but I
as mv connection with the matter is above |
comment I will allow the officials to set
tle the matter of the certificate among
'themselves."
In other words, in writing that note
Dr. Mahoney meant that the Coroner
should be notified of th* case. That was
two months ago, but up to yesterday he
had not beard of It. Looria did not take
the note to the Coroner or have it taken
there. It did find Its way during the af
ternoon of the day of his wife's death
to the hands of Dr. John It McMurdo.
assistant city physician, who has an office
In the Spring Valley building. A man
from 'an undertaking establishment and
A. Leszynsky, sexton of the synagague at
Post and Taylor streets, to whom Looria
had confided the arrangements for the fu
neral, presented the note to McMurdo.
They requested a death certificate and Dr.
McMurdo signed one without having at
tended the woman, in face of the refusal
'of the physician who had, and pocketed
a fee therefor. • *..-■
"I recollect the case quite well," says
„Dr. McMurdo'. "Undertaker Gray's man
"and a representative of the Jewish Syna
gogue at Taylor and Post streets called
at my office and requested me to sign the
I death certificate. As Assistant City Phy
sician 1 am often called upon to do this
in cases where there is absolutely no
doubt about the cause of death and where
I th*- parties are reliable. The man who
accompanied Gray's man was the sexton
lof the synagogue. I have forgotten his
name. They presented me with a letter
from Mrs. Or. Mahoney. stating that the
deceased had died from natural causes.
This letter was addressed to the Coroner.
cording to my usual custom, I always
modify the death certificate when parties j
call upon me to sign it in cases where !
death occurs without a physician having ]
l*een in attendance within the time pre
scribed by law."
No matter how suddenly or from what
cause Mrs. Looria died and notwithstand- ]
ing th*- refusal of the attending physician j
to sign a certificate, a physician was
found who claims that right and who ex
erclsed it. The body was embalmed. in
the face of the fact that the Coroner
should have been notified and should have |
had an opportunity to hold an autopsy
before all likelihood of determining the j
real cause of death had been effaced by
the injection of embalming fluid into the
system.
tificate was not the only thing irregular
about it. The dead woman's age was not j
stated correctly by ten years. Her sister,
Mrs. i. Samuels, who resides with her
husband at 1103 Howard street, says that
Mrs. Looria was 60 years of age- not 71,
as noted in the certificate. This error, if;
made designedly, could have been made ;
with no other purpose than to deceive In
vestigators Into the belief that the wo
man nad succumbed to old age more than
any other cause.
At any rate, it was one of the circum- ;
stances tlfat made Mrs. Samuels suspi
cious, and she protested to Looria against
haste In burying his wife. She says she
told him she didn't like it.
"My sister died so suddenly," she says
now. "that I did not think she should be
buried without an investigation."
Mr. Samuels also made objection to the
burial on the heels of death. He claims
now that Looria answered this objection
by telling him to keep quiet and "what
ever 1 gx+i. you get half.'
After the funeral. Samuels says he re
minded the widower of his promise.
"Do you remember," said the- brother
in-law, "that you said 1 should get half?"
ii. said that Looria disclaimed having
made any such statement, but did finally
say. In the presence of witnesses, that
he would give him $50, which other state
ment, Samuels now says, Looria also re
pudiates.
There are two people who claim they
are entitled to benefit by Mrs. Looria's
death. Both put in their claims early.
"Half of the money my wife left lc
mine.'' says Looria. "The other ha be
longs to my wife's daughter. She say* it
doesn't, but I know better. Half of it is
mine and the rest is hers. Others claim i
some of the money, but they can't have
it. They have no claim; they have no
right to it. It is mine— half of it, 1 mean— j
and i will get it."
The daughter, who still resides In the
house with her father, thinks differently.
She has sail! SO to his face.
"It's all mine," she told him not long |
ago in the presence of others. "Mother
said It was for me, because 1 am a sickly '
girl."
Notwithstanding this difference of opin- :
lon concerning the dead woman's money,
the two reside together, the girl, who is '
not particularly strong-minded, being
generally silent concerning her claim in
the presence of her stepfather, who is be- .
lieved to exercise a strong influence over
her.
Nobody so far has received a cent of the j
dead woman's money, although among,
other claimants for portions of it is A. Sam
uels, son of I. Samuels, the dead woman's
nephew, for whom she had often said she i
would make provision in her will. Two
days after the funeral three petitions were
filed for letters of administration of the
estate of Mrs. Looria, one by the Public
Administrator, one by the husband and
one by Theodore T. Rosenthal. The peti
tions were heard June 16, before Judge
Coffey. Rosenthal's was granted, and he j
is now administrator. It is more probable,
Judging from the irregularities In the
burial alluded to, that the sister and i
nephew of the deceased may join in a :
contest of any claim Looria may advance ;
to a share of the estate, and to that end
call upon the Coroner to investigate the
death and burial. Whether they do or |
not. the circumstances surrounding the
death, when coupled with the irregularity |
in the death certificate and the hasty j
burial, seem to call for some show of of- j
ficial activity.
Estates of the Dead.
The will of Matilda Mayers, who died
July 4, was filed for probate yesterday.
By the terms of the will decedent's estate,
.which is valued at $8000. is bequeathed,
share and share alike, to Alfred Mayers,
Robert W. Mayors. Emma R. Nickerson
and Mary Elizabeth Schmidt, children of
the testatrix. The will of Mary A. Haul
ton, who died on the 4th Inst., was also
filed for probate. An estate valued at
$17,000 is devised to the immediate rela
tives of the deceased, there being no pub
lic bequests.:., 77
Lees Visits Hall of Justice.
Chief of Police Lees, Captain Seymour,
Property Clerk Moran, Clerk Wright of
the Police Commissioners, Mr. Colby. In
charge of the 1 Chief's office, and Mr. Mc-
Donald, in charge of the Police Court rec
THE SAN F_RA_N CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY IS, 1899.
THE CAKEWALK CARNIVAL
MAKES FUN FOR THOUSANDS
SOME OF THE STELLAR ATTRACTIONS.
THE cakewalk carnival in Me
chanics' Pavilion drew another
big audience last night, as large
if not larger than that which
swarmed into the place on Satur
day night. It was Oregon night, and
the famous regiment of volunteers
from the Webfoot State was well rep
resented. The entrance of General
Summers was the signal for three
rousing cheers in honor of the Philip
pine veterans and their commander,
and then the entire audience arose as
the band played "The Star-Spangled
Banner."
The opening pageant, with all the
cakewalk artists In line, was enthu
siastically received. Two freaks got
ords, made a visit of Inspection to the
Hall of Justice yesterday afternoon with
two representatives of the contractors for
furnishing th*. building with office fix
tures, etc.. for the pur-pose of giving in
structions as to the locations of counters,
shelves, desks, etc. The looms assigned
to the Chief and his staff are large, airy
and well lighted, but the party expressed
much dissatisfaction because of the lack
of stationary washbasins.
Dr. Farnum's "Subject."
Last Saturday complaint was made to
the police that Dr. C. S. Farntim, the
well-known physician and surgeon, had
on his premises at 2536 Market street the
body of a human being, the presence of
which offended the neighbors. Dr. Far
num is the demonstrator at Cooper Mcd
ical College, and he took a well preserved
body from that institution to his home in
order to make such scientific research as
his much occupied time would permit. In
a number of the newspaper accounts of
the complaint and the result thereof the
statement was made that the body was
taken to the doctor's "house." Dr. Far
num has written an open letter to the
public in which he states that the body
was not in his house, but that it was kept
in the barn, some distance from his hab
itation.
■ ♦ ■
Presented With a Punch Bowl.
Professor A. S. Downing, who is man-
aging one of the excursion parties con
nected with the National Education Asso
ciation, was presented with a handsome
cutglass punchbowl, two dozen glasses
and a silver ladle last night in the parlors
of the California Hotel.
D. E. Ainsworth, Deputy State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction of New
York, made the presentation speech on be
half of 117 delegates. Mr. Ainsworth re
ferred to the fact that Mr. Downing had
managed the Itinerary of the party with
consummate skill, and that those under
his charge had felt it incumbent to mani
fest a substantial expression of their es
teem and gratitude. Mr. Downing re
sponded feelingly, and the gathering spent
the remainder of the evening in social
converse. Mr. Downing is principal of the
New York City Training School for
Teachers.
Thirty-Ninth District.
Democrats of the Thirty-ninth District
met at Saratoga Hall last night. The
meeting brought out quite a good gath
ering of those, who are in for good gov
ernment from a Democratic standpoint.
The chair was occupied by Morris
Schwartz, and addresses were delivered
by Messrs. Morgan. Hogan and ex-Jus
tice of the Peace Carroll.
Ignatian Council.
The Ro\». Father Murphy of the Domin
ican Order, will lecture to-night before
Ignatian Council. Y. M. 1., in the head
quarters in the Pioneer building.
A bald eagle whose wing extension was
seven feet was killed recently near Mil
ford. Del., while trying to carry away a
lamb. yy
up in ghastly uniforms to represent
skeletons and a genuine Yellow Kid
were features of the parade; but the
Chinese took the palm. Their erforta
to imitate their Caucasian companions
in striking graceful poses were ex
tremely funny and kept the spectators
in an uproar of laughter.
Miss Pearl Hickman, the chief drum
major, as on Saturday night, was the
most graceful of all the graceful'fig
ures on the floor. In addition to lead
ins the grand march and acting as
majordomo for the participants In
the various prize contests, she gave an
exhibition of dancing that brought
down the house, and at its conclusion
she was presented with a huge basket
WATCHMAN FOR
L. C. PISTOLESI
USES HIS GUN
Attorneys' Row Re
sults in a Shooting.
— ♦ —
RUEF & PERRY'S MAN VICTIM
— » — •
TWO SETS OF GUARDIANS FOR
DISPUTED PROPERTY.
♦-
Litigation over property at 772 Commer
rial street caused a shooting scrape about
10 o'clock last evening. G. T. Smith, a
watchman employed by Ruef & Perry, at
torneys, was shot in th*- arm by a cripple
employed by Attorney L. C. Pistoles! in
the same capacity. His injuries are not
serious and the party who did the shoot-
Ing is still at large. The police are in
vestigating the case and officers are look
ing for Plstolesi's watchman, William
Reid, who is a brother-in-law of Pisto
lesi.
Trouble has been brewing between the
litigants for some time. About a week
ago three watchmen who were employed
by Ruef & Perry were arrested on a
charge of burglary sworn to by Attorney
Pistolesi. when they attempted to enter
the building over which the suit has been
brought. The latter attorney has had a
watchman on the grounds for some time,
and be seems to be holding the fort. The
arrested men were brought to the Cali
fornia street station and later into court,
where the charge against them was re
duced and they were liberated on bonds
of $100 apiece. Their cases are still pend
ing-
Last night Joe Demartlni and Jim Mc-
Caffery, two of the men previously em
ployed and who were arrested, went in
company with G. T. Smith to the scene
of the trouble. They claim to have been
sent by Ruef. and were told to take
charge of the place. [When they arrived
Pistolesi's watchman was standing out
side the door. They entered and were
told to leave the place. -Instead of going
they asserted their right to remain, and
after a few words the watchman raised
a rifle and fired. The shot struck Smith
and the shooter rushed inside. Smith
companion, enraged, seised the party with
the rifle and threw him outside, and re
mained in charge until the appearance
of Officers Herri ii, Lyons and Cavanaugh,
who were attracted by the shot.
When a search was made for the
watchman he could not be found, but the
police are making every effort to dis
cover his whereabouts. The trio who
composed Ruef's guardians of the prop
erty -were taken to the California street
station and later to the Central station,
where they will be held penuing the ar
rest of their assailant:
The wounded man refuses to affirm or
deny that Reid did the shooting, but the
others declare that Pistolesi's .watchman
used the gun. Reid lives with his people
on Filbert street, between Hyde and
Leavenworth streets, but he, has not re
turned to his home since the shooting,
and at a late hour last night. the police
were still looking for him.
Shortly before 3 o'clock this morning
Reid appeared at Pistolesi's offlce some
what battered up. He acknowledged the
shooting, but said it was done in self-de
fense. - ' - • _?._'»■>_
Hoodlums in the Mission.
The attention of Captain Gillin of the
Seventeenth-street station has been called
to several gangs of. street-corner hood
lums who congregate about the grocery
stores in the remote parts of the Mission
and make it a portion of their pastime
i to annoy respectable ladies and young
: girls who pass by. Last night Sergeant
Blank detailed four officers in citizen's
clothes to corral as many: of the gang as
I they could find. The raid -was not as pro
ductive as was expected, because the tip
had gone out from some of the gang, who
saw the officers on their way to Bryant
and Nineteenth streets, yet three were
caught on the first drag. Others of the
band will bo gathered in from time •to
time until the nuisance becomes abated.
An Insane Physician.
A well-dressed man was found wander
ing aimlessly around Laurel Hill Ceme
tery yesterday morning by Policemen
Byrne and Butler. As he appeared to be
out of his mind, the officers sent him in
the patrol wagon to the insane ward in
the Receiving Hospital. From papers In
his possession it was discovered that he
was Dr. C. W. Helms of Sanger. Fresno
County. He was examined by the Insan
ity Commissioners and ordered sent to
the Ukiah asylum. • <
of flowers. The colored cakewalkers
are easily the best of the lot. and the
Stewarts are champions In every sense
of the word. The juvenile cakewalk
ers. ranging from 3 to 10 years, made a
pretty appearance and completely won
the hearts of the ladies in the audience.
There is no questioning the fact that
the carnival is a decided success, but
if the management would make the
walking exhibitions shorter the action
would be appreciated by the audience.
As it is. the spectators are apt to be
come wearied. The special feature of
to-night's programme will be an in
door athletic exhibition by the Olym
pic Club under the leadership of John
H. Hammersmith. It will consist of
boxing, fencing, hurdling, wrestling
and acrobatics and will afford a pleas
ing variation in the regular pro
gramme.
LITTLE FRANK, THE
DWARF, EALLS DEAD
THE evil that men do lives after them; the good is oft interred with their
bones." Perhaps some good will lie beneath the dust with the little body
of Frank M. Hoyt, whose dwarfed frame and furrowed face have long
been familiar to the people of this city; but no evil will survive him,
save the memory of evil nature that made him as he was. Yesterday after
noon Frank, beneath whoso feet almost 51 years have rolled, but who has
ever been known as "the boy," fell dead in the cellar of Baccus' butcher
shop, corner of O'Farrell and Mason streets. A little mystery surrounds his
death. No one suspects foul play, it is true, but whether or not apoplexy or
a fall upon the concrete flooring of the collar was the cause will not be
known until after the autopsy has been held.
Frank, whose diminutive stature, aged but childish face and love of ll
quor—when his guardian, .1. C. Locke of 333 O'Farrell street, took his eyes
off him— have made him famous, was born in Lowell. Mass., July 30, IMS.
With his parents. A. Hoyt. one of San Francisco's old-time policemen, and
Martha C. Hoyt, he came to San Francisco ; prior to iB6O. For years the. lit
tle man and his parents lived on Second street, near Mission, and in the
school of that district Frank was ever present. He could never learn to read
or write, however, and finally the doors of the school were closed against
him, and he took up his life upon the street Notwithstanding his imbecil
ity, he was never late for dinner; neither was he a fashionable late comer
at the theater. The theater was one of his passions, and as his father, of
whom Frank was very proud, always wore a star, the little man also pur
chased one and on the bit of polished metal had free access to the play. He
was familiar with all the old-time players, and for hours would indulge in
reminiscences of Booth, Barrett. McCullough and Mrs. Judah. His memory
was acute, although nature had clouded his mind otherwise; and through
these conversations on old times he gained endless pleasure.
Another one of Frank's accomplishments was his knowledge of the mean
ing of pictures. Each morning he would "read" the newspapers in his own
peculiar style, gaining* a knowledge of current events from the illustrations.
The scene of a man lying beneath a tree, a bottle or revolver, a bench and
an apparently well-kept road, would convey to him a suicide in the park;
and he was but seldom wrong. Again he gained a thorough knowledge of
the events of the late war through the pictures and would converse upon
them, although the printing beneath was to him as Greek to the Filipino.
For several years Frank was a familiar figure at the booths during elec
tion time. Besides doing politics to the best of his ability, he would cast a
vote; but finally,, as he always voted the Republican ticket, some Demo
crat challenged his vote, and as he had been declared incompetent by Judge
Coffey, his political career was at an end.
Frank's first guardian was his uncle. Horatio L. Marshall, who was ap
pointed shortly after the death of the little man's parents. Subsequently
Mr. Locke was appointed to the trust, and with him Frank dwelt in the
house at 333 O'Farrell street. Mr. Marshall was once the owner of this house
prior to the time Mr. Locke moved therein, and Frank never moved out.
For twenty-one years he lived there and was always fond of his home. Next
to his home he was fondest of William D. Badger's Sunday School. Frank
was there every Sunday, and with the children of the neighborhood, although
his hair had long turned gray, he sat and marveled at the history of Christ
ianity. Perhaps Rev. Dr. Badger will say the last prayer over poor Frank's
remains. He is in feeble health, but he will be requested to so officiate, for
to Frank he was the one man on earth. fy- y ••"»'
The end of Frank was a pathetic one. He loft his home shortly after 2
o'clock to go on an errand. A short time later an employe In the butcher
shop where Frank met his death stumbled over his body, It was removed
to the Morgue for examination. Mr. Locke was informed of his sudden
death, and now the surgeon's scalpel must determine the cause.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
ABOUT TO VISIT ROME
His Grace Will Soon Depart on His
ad Limina Visit-
He Will Have an Audience With His Holiness the Pop.,
and Visit Ireland Before Returning
to California.
HIS Grace the Most Rev. Archbishop Riordan is preparing to leave
IS Grace to make his ad Hmina visit to Rome. It is expected that
fhe A hbshopv leave hero the latter part of next month. His
v^ it to Rome is made for the purpose of presenting a report of the
!SiU of the diocese covering a period of ten years, H being one of
affairs of the ««*» Catholic church that the Bishop of every
the fundamental regulations this Purpose jtvty ten years. His Grace h|
diocese shall visit *<>"« to £ l ™ P^r^me time, though it wag ,
been making preparations or the vbu He probably I
generally known that he intended to lege ___ shortly at Wa ,,.
!^£<^_S«ES« fhere'to Rome to have his audience with
IIi^??s In t rsfood OP in Catholic circles that Archbishop Rlnrdan's visit will
it is vn "' 1 * 1 . . r eason that he has much to attend to in Europe.
%££syasS& Z bXTyear. and Ip the gggß t£ Rev. Father
RS!^ General or the diocese, will assume charge of the affair.
_- ,wv innVpd after by Archbishop Riordan.
While in Europe Archbishop Riordan intends to visit the Catholic Uni
versity of l?ouvain in Belgium and make a tour of Ireland, Where he ha
v*r.<_t<s of warm friends and admirers. presence here will
The remaking weeks of His Grace's presence here will be onally
busy ones for him,* there are several important events on the tapis which
demand his personal attention.
SHIPJOINERS AND
CARPENTERS AT OUTS
TRADESMEN BELONG TO BOTH
ORGANIZATIONS.
Charges Will Be Preferred Against at
Least Twenty Members of the
Carpenters' Union.
At the meeting of Union 453, Carpenters
and Joiners, last nieht a pretty little row
' between the carpenters' unions and the
* Shlpjolners' Association came to the sur
i face. - - - -
I The regular wage scale of the carpen
ters is $3 for a working day of eight
hours. The shipjoiners charge *4 for a
nine-hour flay. The discovery has recent
ly been made that a number of carpenters
have been putting in spare time as ship
joiners and working nine hours a day In
violation of their obligations as members
of the Carpenters' and Joiners' Union.
Members of the latter body protested
against this procedure, and as a result of
the protest charges of violating their ob
ligations will be filed against a- least
twenty carpenters.
If the case against these members Is
fully proven they will either be expelled
from the union or heavily fined. In case
they are expelled, or resign in preference
to paying the fine, they will not be per
mitted to work on any job where union
men are employed, as the carpenters'
unions have the combined strength of the
Labor and Building Trades Councils to
support them. The Shipjoiners' Associa
tion is not affiliated with either of these
bodies.
The offending members are placed under
a double ban by the organizations of car
penters and joiners. In the first place it is
assumed that they have broken their ob
ligations by working nine hours a day
without special permission; secondly, they
are members of two unions of carpenters,
while they are only permitted by the rules
which th*y have sworn to uphold to re
tain membership in hut one. A thorough
Investigation into the matter will be made,
and it will probably be definitely settled
at the trials of the offending members.
Other business of the union consisted of
the initiation of four new members and
a general discussion regarding the wages
of Government employes
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THERE S k
FORTUNE IN OIL
FOR YOU
Some are making thousands daily.
Why not you? A few shares purchased
now may
Pay off that mortgage.
6iv you an incom for life.
Send that son or daughter to college.
Purchisa that home you want.
Start you in business.
Pay for that trip to Paris.
Prospectus tells all about it. Write for
it. It's ffee.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Company,
323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
NOPAiy2\NGPA!N
UNTu\~/30
AUG.I,99\mYSOML7
20 per cent discount on alt Plates and
Bridgework to introduce our new
FLESH-COLORED PLATES
THINNER f*ND STRONGER
THAN RUBBER.
Crowos $3.50. Plates $5. Filling 50c
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON.
000000000000000000
%™.? FALACE **?%
ICRAND "QTELso
*~ SAN FRANCISCO. "
" Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Room'— 900 v* : h ""nth Attached. ©
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICE? : O
O Europear.Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward 0
-- American Plan. i;*3.oo per day and upward _
O Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Mimgor. O
000000000000000000
§g^g^^SS__-8-B-E-_S-5-K3-8
/rfHhkX DR. MEYERS v CO W
(Bar v\ Cure all Disease and Weak- H
/By J \ ness of Me*-. Established '8 I
nSi <__\ If I )ears. Pay when' cured. H
''-'I | j Home cures a special'y. Free I
TTji. fjflji, f book for men. Call or writ* M
\ JftigsW : 731 MARKET ST.. 8. T. H
\.tfb__3S__>_r Elevator entrance. El