VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 91.
INTERNATIONAL YACHT RACE TO BE
REPORTED BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
NEWS WILL BE GIVEN WHILE
THE RACE IS BEING SAILED
Details of the Great Contest Will Be Flashed Through Space While the Rival English
and American Craft Are Striving for Supremacy.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2p.===Encouraged by The Call's great success in reporting the Sherman's arrival by wireless teleg.
raphy arrangements have been made by The Call and the Herald with those in charge of the ocean steamer Grande
Duchesse of the Plant line to report from its decks by wireless telegraphy the international races between the yachts
Columbia and Shamrock. Experiments have demonstrated the feasibility of this work, and the facilities offered by the
commodious steamer to successfully carry it out are excellent.
This is an event which attracts wide attention, not alone because it will be the means of obtaining earliest reports
of the results of the cup races, but because it will be the first attempt to use the Marconi system in obtaining a report of
a great event. The Grande Duchesse will be present at all the international races, and, in consequence of the important
part she will take in the matter of their being quickly and accurately reported, will be conspicuous in the large accom
panying fleet.
So many successful experimeots have recently been made abroad and in this couQtry by the Marconi systerr),
which is to be used in reporting the yacl^t races, that the purpose of Tl}e Call and t\)e Herald will be appreciated
throughout the world. ■ . • ■
Not only will the result of th)e yacht race be transmitted from the dec^s of the Grande Duchesse, but every
ir)cider)t of t^e races will be quickly dispatched by wireless telegraph aod forwarded to The Call over a special wire.
GREETING OF
NEVADANS TO
MR. BRYAN
Receptions Tendered Demo-
cratic Leader in the
Silver State. '
TALKS tTcROWDS
— —
Opposes Expansion and Trusts and
Stands bythe Free Silver Plank
in Chicago Platform.
— ♦ — -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO. Aug 29.— Wm. J. Bryan and
wife passed through this city on to
night's overland bound for the coast.
Quite a number of persons gathered at
the depot, and on the arrival of the
train demanded a speech.
Mr. Bryan, standing on the platform
■of his sleeper, gave a twenty-minute
speech, in which he ran through the
questions of free silver, anti-expansion,
anti-trusts, anti-McKinley and anti
pretty much the whole gamut. Mr.
Bryan's talk was frequently applauded
and the train pulled out amid rousing
cheers for "William J. Bryan, our next
President."
•Mr. Bryan did not speak loud enough
for many to hear, apparently saving his
voice for more important occasions.
His next steep will be in Sacramento.
where he will be met by representatives
of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee. He will probably arrive in San
Francisco to-morrow night.
OPPOSES IMPERIALISM
Bryan Addresses a Large Audience
at Winnemucca.
WINNEMUCCA. Nev., Aug. 29.— Hon.
William Jennings Bryan passed through
Winnemucca this afternon on his way to
California, where he will visit the Yo
semite. He will remain a week in the
valley.
Mr. Bryan was met at Calconda, fifteen
miles east of here by Hon. George S.
Nixon. At Winnemucca the train stopped
to enable Mr. Bryan to deliver an address
to the large crowd that had gathered.
Mr. Bryan spoke strongly, condemning
the policy of expansion els proposed by
the present administration. In part Mr.
Bryan said: -
I believe the outlook for success in 1900 never
looked better than at present. On the old
questions of the campaign of W)6 we are
stronger than we were during thai campaign.
On the new questions we are gaining steadily.
The Chicago platform at the convention next
year will be reaffirmed entirely. In fact I
doubt whether an) opposition to the platform
will manifest itself In the convention at all.
Th« two greatest of the new Issues that are
before the country are the trusts and the Phil
ippine question. .-<• 2■■ : .- ■ * '-_'
:l"n* . „ ,
*,)... flrst question can scarcely be called new;
but the trusts have been ■■■ multiplied that
the question assumes an importance which it
did not have in I!>S6.
Many methods have been suggested for the
extermination of trusts. The most feasible. It
seems to me. la to require every corporation
to obtain a license from the Federal Govern
ment before it is permitted tee do business out
■lde the State In which It ls organized.
This license can be granted under conditions
which will squeeze the water out of the stock
and prevent the monopolization of any in
dustry. , . . . ,
This nation must choose between being a re-
Thls nation must choose between being a re
nublic or an empire. This is becoming more
»nd more clearly recognized. While some were
carried away by the excitement attending the
war 1 am sure that the second sober thought
on the part of the people will lead them to
nunose any departure from the principles of
lelf-government as set forth in the Declaration
tf Independence. Pi *_. . _ _
An imperial policy cannot be defended on any
An Imperial policy cannot be defended on any
rround From a financial standpoint it will
be an expense to a large majority of the
teonle and profit only to the capitalists who
would organize syndicates to develop the
Philippine Islands.
The Islands will never offer a home for our
-surplus population. The white race will not
live in the tropics. Only 100.000 persons of
British birth reside in India out of 300.000.000.
ifter 150 years of English possession. 
The Imperial policy demands an increase of
rs.OOfl men In the standing army. An army of
.'5 iyio will cost the people not less than $100,-
WO.COO a year. That money spent In reclaim
ing the arid lands of the West would frunlsh
The San Francisco Call.
hemes for far more American citizens than
will ever locate In the Philippine Islands.
From a religious point of view it cannot he
defended. A despotism at Manila is not con
sistent with a free government in the United
States. This nation cannot endure while half
its •pie are citizens and half vassals.
RECEPTION PROGRAMME.
Committee Decides Not to Hold a
Parade.
The initial meeting, of the committee
1 appointed by Chairman Seth Mann of the
. Democratic State Central Committee to
I arrange for the reception of lion. William
|J. Bryan was held- at the California
! Hotel yesterday afternoon. There were
I present .1. J. Dwyer, W. H. Alvord, Hon.
1 James D. Phelan, W. W. Fopte and Judge
i J. F. Sullivan, members of the committee,
and .-"■■ iii Mann, Charles Fay, James A.
Wilkins and Lafe Pence as interested
spectators.
J. J. Dwver was chosen chairman and
iJ. Leo Park secretary. At the outset it
was suggested that it would be a good
plan to secure the electric illumination for
* the reception of Mr. Bryan, but it was not
, acted on. it being deemed inadvisable, as
the electric display was intended for the
! home coming volunteers and not for a
political purposes.
FASTEST OF
UNCLE SAM'S
BATTLESHIPS
— — »
Alabama Attains a Speed of
Seventeen and a Quar-
Seventeen and a Quar
ter Knots.
ter Knots.
♦
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 29.— The
battleship Alabama, which re-
turned this evening from her
builder's trial trip, made a record
to-day as the fastest battleship
in the American navy, having attained
a speed of 17.23 knots. She ran down
to the capes from Cramp's "ship yard
under natural draught In about seven
hours and there anchored for the night.
Early this morning she passed be
yond the capes and circled around for \
a long time while observations were be- j
ing made of the sun for the correction !
of the compass. The sky was clouded, !
but the sun appeared reasonably j
bright. At 8:45 the vessel started from |
the Overfalls Lightship to the South- !
west Lightship, off Five Fathoms Bay,
which was reached at 10:20 a. m. From j
that time until 3 o'clock runs were
made between the Southwest and
Northeast lightships. Two complete j
SAX FRAXCISCO, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1899.
Mr. Foote and Mr. Alvord were selected
to meet the distinguished visitor at Sac
ramento and make all necessary arrange
ments for his entertainment and comfort.
Both gentlemen left for the capital last
night. They will greet Mr. Bryan and es
cort him to the Yosemite and see that he
cures a much-needed rest. They will
also make arrangements for his speaking
in this city on the evening of Septem
ber 7.
Mayor Phelan and Judge Sullivan were
tinted a committee on finance, and
they In turn have chosen Captain P. J.
Dunne and Washington Dodge to aid in
collecting funds necessary for the recep
tlor.
It was decided not to hold a parade on
the day Mr. Bryan arrives. Invitations,
however, will be extended to the Iroquois
and Centra] Democratic clubs tee turn out
and act as escort to the famous Nebras
knn. Another meeting of the committee
will be hold at the California to-morrow
at 2:30 o'clock to complete the arrange
ments for welcoming Mr. Bryan.
rounds were made. On the first 103^
revolutions per minute were attained,
when an average speed of 15.25 knots
were made. , riy
It was not time to make the runs un
der forced draught. Down in the en
gine room the oilers went over the ma
chinery by giving various parts
baths of Oil. The' stokers who
were keeping steam up during
the first run were replaced by
fresh men and while waiting for steam
to be got up to high pressure, the bat
tleship described a number of circles
and showed herself a very easy ship to
handle, her turning circle being re
markably small for a vessel of her class
and displacement.
After about half an hour of prelimin
ary jockeying around the post for all
the world reminding one of the prelim
inaries to a horse race. Chief Engineer
Tone finally sent word up that he was
ready for the trial. Pointing her big
buff nose into the teeth of the wind
again, the Alabama passed the light
with a rush, carrying a tremendous
bone in her teeth. As in the previous
course, her steadiness was remarkable
and showed beyond doubt that she af
forded a good gun platform.
On she rushed, the propellers beating
a devil's tattoo in the green waterwhlch
was hurled back at the stern as though
shot out of a gigantic gun. Her for
ward deck was continually wetted by
water which curled up over her bow,
but there was an almost total absence
of the pitch which one might have ex
pected under prevailing weather con
ditions. -2px-':x
On the second round full force
draught was Used, the revolutions
being run up to 114^. On the
fourth leg her speed was run up to 17.25
knots and an average for the round
was 16.37. knots. . On the return to the
Overfalls Lightship the revolutions
were purposely limited to 85 per min
ute. 'XZyZx
A strong northeast wind was blowing,
averaging thirty miles an hour and
when the ship was facing it waves
broke high over the boat, spray dash-
ing across the bridge forty feet above
the water. The vessel, too, was light,
not being full armored and drawing
only twenty feet of water instead of
twenty-three feet six inches. She be
haved admirably, however, and delight
ed not only Edwin S. Cramps, but the
United States naval representatives
who were on board.
Several Russian oflicers were inter
ested spectators and were much pleased
with the performance of the ship. The
boilers steamed freely and the engines
developed only a few minor faults. Mr.
Cramp says that there is no doubt the
Alabama will make 17 knots on her
official trial trip. The contract calls
for 16 knots and there is no premium
for an excess. The Alabama will prob
ably be taken to Philadelphia before
noon to-morrow. *
SAYS AGUINALDO WAS
SLAIN BY DEL PILAR
HAMILTON, Ohio, Aug. 29.— F. O. Maya
and Z. Tang, Japanese tea merchants of
this city, to-day received a copy of the
Chu Kizo Shinko. a newspaper printed in
Nagoga, Japan. July 22, which contains a
dispatch from Manila that has not yet be
come pnblic in America. Under the head
ing "New Philippine Information" the
paper prints the following: * ;. ,:;?.;;.--;
In the latter part of June, near San Fer
nando, Aguinaldo was killed by General Pio
del Pilar. Pilar visited him to Inquire about
the death of General L,una and Aguinaldo
answered that he never knew, anything about
this case and told Pilar to mind his own busi
ness. Pilar then called Aguinaldo a liar and
pulling a pistol shot Aguinaldo ln the fore
head, killing him instantly.
J. F. TURNER SHOT
DEAD BY A VICTIM
Famous Swindler Drops by the Pistol of a
Man He Duped— A Life Replete With
Fraudulent Practices and a Record
Unequaled as a Confidence Man.
•tj' F. TUHNfiM is dead; he will
swindle no more. After run-
Uning a course of forty-eight
years, twenty of which were
employed in wrecking the
happiness of others, he met his death
yesterday ' morning at the hands of
Joseph P. Frenna, a barber on Polk
street, near Sutter, who has suffered
from the evil and crafty designs of a
swindler, the subtlest and shrewdest
that ever operated nefarious business
schemes in San Francisco.
Turner was shot doWn in the Crocker
building shortly after 8:30 o'clock yes
terday morning. . An hour after the
news ran a riotous course down Mont-
gomery and up Market street and there
was not a man who knew him that had
one single word of good to say. The
"nothing but good of the dead" was
ignored in the reminiscences of a life
that disclosed a history tinctured with
fraud and redolent with shady, criminal
transactions. ■
Turner did not practice upon the
credulity of the foolhardy or the inex
perienced. ; His game was the men who
j had money, who knew of the world's
CALLS SUCCESS AROUSES
INTEREST IN THE EAST
ways and who were ready to risk a lit
tle to gain much or a great deal to gain
more. There are names on his books
that would startle the modern money
lender into a waking nightmare at the
bare thought of the possibility of a
fraud being practiced upon them. In
so much was this man great for he out
witted some of the shrewdest, keenest
and cloverest brokers that ever plied
their vocations in this city.
The man who cut short Turner's ill
savored career is now in the City
Prison, booked on a charge of murder.
He was apprehended soon after the
deed was done and was immediately
put under arrest. His flrst day in jail
was perhaps the most unique of any
prisoner charged with the most awful
of crimes. Men who had never heard
the name of Frenna, but who had met
Turner some time in their business ca
reers called and with outstretched
hands offered the barber any assistance
he might ask of them. Lawyers, mer
chants and friends alike went through
the discomfiture of a visit to the City
Prison to let Frenna know that they
sympathized with him and would do all
in their power tO alleviate his present
unfortunate position.
The murder was not seen by a single
eye-witness, although as soon as it
was consummated a group gathered
about the murderer and the dead man:
Frenna claims that he shot Turner to
death in self-defense, fearing that un
less he acted quickly his own life would
be put in jeopardy. The shooting oc
curred on the third floor of.the Crock
er building in the corridor directly in
front of the elevator. Turner had just
left the office of his attorney, George
D. Collins, and was waiting for the
down elevator. Frenna was on his
way to the office of Charles E. Greg
ory, a short distance down the corri
dor.
.According to the story of the bar
ber, as he was about to pass Turner
the latter reached for his hip pocket,
and, thinking that he intended to draw
a pistol, Frenna whipped his own gun
out of his pocket and began firing its
contents into the body of the arch
swindler. Five shots were heard in
rapid succession. In fact each report
was so hard upon its predecessor that
it sounded like the rattle of musketry
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
fire. Four shots took effect, two of
which were lodged in the back of the .
dead man after having passed through
the heart and liver. One shot grazed
the right shoulder, and another went
through the second finger of the right
hand, boring a hole in the palm and
lodging in the wrist. Frenna's work
was certainly well done, for Turner
fell face downward, a bunch of deeds
which he held in his hand dropping be-
side him as an index of his life acts
which brought him to such an un-
timely end. The documents were in a
circular cardboard frame, and this as
well as the papers was perforated by
the bullet shot.
Almarin B. Paul, a mining engineer in
the same office with Charles E. Greg
ory, was in a room on one of the cor-
ridors leading off the main vestibular
hall-way. After the five shots were
fired he rushed out and approached
Frenna, who was standing some little
distance from the supine body of the
i murdered man. "Who did this?" asked
j Paul of Frenna, as the people from all
I directions .began tearing through the
1 hall-ways to the scene of the murder.
"I did it, but in self defense." was the
ready answer of Frenna. Paul then told
him to come into his room, which the
barber did, without resistance. The
door was locked behind them and Paul
advised the slayer of Turner to deliver
himself to the police as soon as they
arrived. Frenna agreed to do so and as
soon as Officers Tracy and Ross ap
peared they found their man awaiting
them. The body of Turner was re-
moved to the morgue, where an autopsy
was held by Drs. Zabala and Long.
! after which it was taken to the parlors
! of the California Undertaking Com
j pany, where the inquest will be held to
j day by a jury selected from the follow-
ing names:
L. Klau, of the firm of Haas Bros.:
Ferdinand Smith, money broker. 316
Montgomery street; F. M. Lehigh, Pa-
cific Telephone Company; A. T. Spotts,
California Title and Insurance Com-
pany; T. E. Atkinson, accountant. 419
California street; W. H. Armitage.
architect, 212 Sansome street: Gustav
Sutro, capitalist, 324 Montgomery
j street; H. S. Crocker, stationer. 215
Bush street; Samuel Thors, engrosser.
I 321 Montgomery street; Henry L. Fox,
| mining man, 335 Pine street: Seymour
R. Church, importer, 307 Sansome
street; E. H. Ladd, gunsmith. 421
Kearney street; M. Marcuse. whole-
saler, 125 Sansome street.
Joseph P. Frenna is. one of the many-
names that J. F. Turner has entered
ln his book of dupes. The barber flrst
met the skillful manipulator of spe
cious land deals in 1891," and then be-
gan a series of real estate operations
in which both men were Involved, with
the result that Frenna is minus some
$18,000 and Turner is no more. In May,
• 1595, Frenna and Turner showed signs
of disagreement, and the latter was
arrested on two indictments by the
Grand Jury— for forgery and the
: other for grand larceny, both being
caused by Frenna's information before
I that body. The grand larceny charge
; | was founded on the allegations of
; j Frenna, who claimed that Turner had
' stolen deeds belonging to him. and «m2
JOUBERT SAYS THE TRANSVAAL
MUST BE PREPARED FOR WAR
London Press
z Takes a
Gloomy View
of the
of the
South African
\ Situation,
— ♦—
— • —
JOHANNESBURG, Aug. 29.— The
Standard and Diggers' News credits
General Joubert, the commander-
in-chief of the- Transvaal forces.
and Vice President of the republic.
with the statement that although he is
personally desirous to do everything to
preserve peace, the situation is such
that the republic must be prepared for
war.
CAPETOWN, Aug. 29 Wing to the
continued tension and warlike condi
tions trade in many places is practi
cally at a standstill, and great dis-
tress prevails among the poorer classes,
both at Johannesburg and here. It is
reported that two hundred horses which
were disembarked at Delagoa Bay, pre-
sumably for the Transvaal, have been
held, pending instructions on the sub-
ject.
The members of the progressive party.
in the Cape House of Assembly freely
declare their dissatisfaction with the'
speech of the Premier, W. P. Schreiner,
last evening, in the debate precipitated
by Rt. Hon. Sir John Gordon Spriggs'
motion to adjourn as a ensure of the
policy of the Government with respect
to tin: transit of arms intended for the
Orange Free State. They announce
their intention of organizing public
meetings to protest against Mr. Schrei-
ner's course in the matter.
Dispatches received here from Pre-
toria and Durban show that the I'it-
landers are suffering greatly from the
strain involved in the political crisis.
-Many ladies are leaving Pietermaritz-
burg, capital of Xatal. The women are
preparing a petition t.i Qui en Victoria
in favor of peace, which wil! be sent
to all parts of the colony for signature.
■■•"LONDON, Aug. 29.— Commenting on j
the declaration of President Kruger. of
the Transvaal Government; to the ef
fect that the South African Government
adhered t<> its latest ..ft. i and would
not make any further concessions; the
afternoon papers here unanimously
draw attention to the increased serious-,
ness <>f the Transvaal crisis, but at
the same time they express uncertainty
regarding the nature of the concessions
beyond which President Krugei says he
will not go. No official announcement
has been made of these, though they
are generally understood to be a five- '
year franchise and increased Outlander
representation.
* "If this is correct," the Globe says. '
"it cannot bo long before diplomacy
has fontanel aside as of no further serv-
ice."
The Pall Mall Gazette says: -'Presi-
The Paill Mall Gazette says: "Presi-
dent Kruger's adhere nee to these would
mean adherence to impossible condi
thins, and if so the situation has come
to an ugly -.*, 1."
The Westminister Gazette, while la-'
menting the immoderation, which it
says led to the present crisis, admits j
*
which he had forged the name of the
Recorder. Turner was convicted on
the charge of forgery and* sentence i to
ten years' imprisonment at Folsom. An
appeal was taken to the Supreme Court
and the cause remanded upon a tech
nicality. The word "willfully" had not
been inserted in the original complaint,
and the wise men of the law gave Tur
ner his freedom. The grand larceny
charge and trial came to naught, as the
jury disagreed, and the- case was af
terward dismissed on motion of the
District Attorney. In 1897 Turner was
again Indicted, this time on charges of
perjury alleged to have been com
mitted in the previous- trials. Nothing
tame of this, however, and he was in
dicted again with the same good for
tune in seeing the charges fall to the
ground. The third indictment brought
more than the law's delays. Turner was
convicted in Judge Carroll Cook's
court, but the Supreme Court came to
his relief and lv- was released on an-_
other technicality. This man not only
outwitted his fellow-creatures, but a
streak of luck put him above the reach
of justice. •
About four years ago Fr.enna and
Turner indulged in an interchange of
deeds for the settlement of some busi
ness operation. The deed which Fren
na gave to Turner was for a piece of
land in Santa Clara County. This was
not recorded at the time. Two weeks
ago Frenna engaged in a business deal
with another party for the sale of sev
eral hundred acres of fruit land in
Sonoma County. He employed C. E.
Gregory to have a transcript of the
title made, when he discovered that
the land was deeded away in the
original indenture given to Turner four
years before at the sale of the Santa
Clara property. Frenna claims that
Turner inserted the description of the
Sonoma property very recently in or
der to prevent the sale and to fraudu
lently acquire the land for himself. In
other words, Frenna charges a for
gery similar to the one for which Tur
ner was indicted in 1 *-'.'■"..
When these facts were discovered by
the barber he fairly burst with passion,
though no one has ever heard him utter
any direct threats against Turner. In
fact, according to statements of friends,
Frenna feared a quarrel with the man
he has murdered and avoided him.
A year ago Turner brought charges
gainst his murderer in the poMce
courts on the ground of threats
against life, but Frenna was dismissed
on the promise of peaceful conduct.
"Whether the murder yesterday was
provoked by the misdeeds of the dead
man or was really in imagined self
defense may never be known.
On the body- of the dead man were
found enough papers, documents and
wallets to fill a large-sized office desk:
It may truly be said of J. F. Turner
that "he carried his office in his hat."
Deeds, notes, checks, memoranda, a
plethora of names and letters were
stowed away in the capacious pockets
of his coats and always at hand for
his immediate use. Some of these docu
ments throw light on his business
methods and his fraudulent practices,
but the bulk of his past transactions
have no record left but a memory in
that "the country is within sight of
war which may shortly be as unavoid
able as, on the merits of the question,
it would be inexcusable."
To whatever d'apateh or conditions
President Kruger's defiant remark re
ferred, it has brought home sharply
the keen possibility of an impending
war against no weak-kneed adversary.
It is said that with recruits from over
the borders, the Transvaal would have
about 60,000 men at its disposal.
whereas, the most the British could
now throw on the frontier would be
30,000, though of course this number
would be materially increased within a
nionth. *';.■;■'. — '.''!•
The British public is taking intense
interest in the preparation of its ownl
forces already in South Africa. Indig- j
nation against Hon. W. P. Schreiner. |
Premier of Cape Colony, who. in the •
Cape House of Assembly, yesterday, de- |
tared that under the cus
toms convention, the Orange Free j
State- was justified in importing arms
through Cape Colony, is fairly general.
though that section which believes that
a Boer war would be a crime is mak
ing, by editorials, politicians, etc.. what I
it appears to think is the last effort to
avert hostilities.
The Cape Town correspondent -.rf the |
Daily Mail says: A pitiable scene was
witnessed at the railway station to-day I
______ ♦ ;. ♦ ..♦...«■ _».-<»,.-♦-; ♦.♦.♦.«
DISEMBARKING BRITISH TROOPS AT DURBAN.
It is a curious method they have of landing troops at Durban, South Africa. A group of four or five are first
ilaced in an immense basket, which is raised from the deck, swung around by a crane and lowered away to a large
iurfboat alongside. The basket is returned to the ship's deck and another lot of soldiers is placed inside, and tho
irocess Is repeated until two or three surfboats are filled and as many as can be are taken aboard a large tug, which
eews tin boats ashore. The process is naturally slow and not at all agreeable to the soldiers.
on the arrival from Johannesburg of
150 children, whose parents are too poor
to come themselves. It is estimated
that 15,000 people have left the Trans
vaal since the crisis began. In the
Hcuse of Assembly to-day the Govern
ment announced it was considering a
proposal to afford great facilities -for
women and children to leave Johannes
burg. Bechuanaland is in a state of
ferment owing to the fears of a Boer
raid. Colonel Baden-Powell's forces
there are wholly Inadequate to protect
such an extended frontier and the
the brain channels of those who were
duped and it is not likely that they
will come forward and tell their ex
periences with this clever manipulator.
Such men as "Nobby" Clarke, Judah
Boas, Jacob Bertz, Asa Fisk. J. M.
Raum, F. S. Rowley and such corpora
tions as the Collateral Loan Bank and
the Pacific Bank and a number of
smaller banking firms are supposed to
have been the mark for this man for
sums ranging from $500 to (50,000.
When Turner approached a new
client it was with a deference and re
spect that captivated. He was soft of
speech, gracious and wouldn't harm the
most inoffensive person in the world.
As he unfolded his scheme visions of
wealth began to dance before the' eves
of his victims and they were drawn in
with a scoop net. When he finished
with his man it was the case of Turner
having the money and the friend the
experience.
The following letter found among the
dead man's effects will throw a little
light upon his systematized business
methods:
January 28, 1899.
J. F. Turner— Dear Sir: I see by this morn-
Ing't (.•.-ill that John Nieholl of Oakland lives
at 13.-.1 Fourth avenue, Oakland. There is
quite an article in the paper about him. It
eeerns that he is a very rich man over '.-> rears
of afire and about to Ket married, so that it
won't do to let the grass grow under our feet.
Yours. T. C. JOHNSTONE.
115 Second avenue, San Francisco.
Besides a number of deeds for land
in various counties of the State and for
all of which the consideration was $10
each, a type-written copy of what pur
ported to be a series of letters was
found in a wallet belonging to the dead
man. In consideration of various sums
the writer guarantees to have many
men arrested, all enemies of Turner.
and others punished in a variety of
ways. Among the list of names are
those of Albert E. Lucas, the attorney.
Judah Boas and Lawrence Megginson.
Fake advertisements for $10,000 real
estate securities and the like were also
found in great numbers.
It seemed that the dead man was ad
dicted to the use of opium. In his
pocket was found a package of yen-she.
Frenna, who claims to know of Turner's
habit, stated last night that the latter
was an opium-smoker during all the
time he knew him. It is said that while
he was in prison on the various charges
brought against him at one time and
another he had bribed all the jailers
to smuggle in the Lethean weed.
Turner's ability first demonstrated it
self In the case of "Nobby" Clarke from
whom he received notes aggregating to
$365,000 and which he was to dispose of
for Clarke on a discount. These notes
caused much trouble, particularly of
the financial sort, when people did dis
count them. Monty A. -Rose was
caught for many thousand dollars on
the deal, as were many others. It
would be almost impossible to get a full
list of the duped, but here are some of
the supposed victims: Henry Oterson,
$40,000; Judah Boas, $10,000; W. F. Kin
caid, $5000; J. M. Raum, $23,500; Currau
and Kern, $500; N. Dodge, $5000; Jacob
Bertz, $30,000, Collateral Loan Bank.
$15,000; V. Duhem, $11,000: Charles J.
Wesson, $12,500; F. S. Rowley. $20,000;
Asa Fisk, $5000; R. S. Starrett. $6000.
Many times was Turner before the
courts and he ran the gamut of legal
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1599.
Boers appear to be quietly concentrat
ing in the western part of the Trans
vaal. A Boer spy has been arrested in
Ramattabama Camp, in British Bechu
analand.
The Johannesburg correspondent of
the Morning Post says: President
Kruger, in the course of an interview
to-day (Tuesday) regarding the crisis,
said he considered the Boer position
best defined by Psalm 83.
The -Pretoria correspondent of the
Daily Chronicle, telegraphing Tues
day, says: Events have taken an
contention, always walking out of court
with a smile and without even a line.
When seen yesterday all Frenna had
to say was: "I killed the man in self
defense. I feared for my life and I
shot him for that reason." Frenna ad
| mitted that Turner had a small package
' in his hand, but be said he was afraid
| to take a chance with Turner and that
is why he fired when the latter reached
for his hip pocket.
In the afternoon Frenna, accompanied
by two officers, was allowed to visit
his wife, who is ill since Monday, when
i a little girl was born to them. The
I wife had heard of the affair and Frenna
| was permitted to visit her.
DEFENDS HER HUSBAND.
Mrs. Turner Says Frenna Was
the Tool of Conspirators.
During the long hours last night Mrs.
Turner, surrounded by her friends, sat
by the body of hec husband and between
her sobs spoke in defense of the dead.
Many who have remained loyal to her
husband through his many trials, and
who ever refused to believe that he was
other than the victim of a conspiracy
against ids honor and against his life,
were there to comfort her as best they
could and to care for her daughters, for
whom it seems the sun of happiness has
forever set.
"An assassin, the tool of shrewder con-
spirators, has forever closed my hus-
band's lips," said Mrs. Turner, "but, with
the closing of his, mine have been opened,
and before the end of it all I will tell
the world my story, and then it will be-
lieve with me that my dead husband was
not the vicious character that his ene
mies painted him. There was but one
motive for this awful crime. After years
of battle he had finally bested his- ene
mies, and the time had come for him to
turn the tide and bring them to trial for
the many crimes they committed against
him. In a few days Frenna was to have
been arrested by my husband. This he
knew and was fearful of the conse
quences. He has gone to my husband's
lawyers and to his friends and begged
them to intercede in his behalf and let
him keep his liberty. Knowing that mv
husband would never forgive them for
.the many wrongs they have done him
Frenna was so advised, and he was in
despair. Still I do not believe that in his
own mind he felt very bitter toward my
husband. It was Lawrence S. Meggin-
son, who, after he had been befriended.
turned traitor and formed the conspiracy
against -my husband that kept the feel
ing of bitterness ever burning within
Frenna, and it is indirectly, through his
influence on Frenna, who readily, sue-.
cumbed to his smooth tongue, that my
husband now lies dead, the victim ot a
murderer's bullet.
"It Is said that Frenna will try to jus
tify his act by a claim of self-defense
and will also contend that he was swin
dled out of vast sums of money. To re-
fute the former claim, he could not have
acted in self-defense, as my husband had
no weapon upon him with which to attack
his murderer, and, again, the bullets that
caused mv poor husband's death came
from behind. For "months my husband
had been In fear of his life at the hands
of Frenna. Not long ago he thought of
arming himself to guard against a possi
ble attack, but 1 coaxed him not to carry
a weapon. Then I understood that he
went to Chief Lees and had Frenna put
under bonds to keep the peace. After this
1 rested more contented, but lately again
I heard Frenna had said that 'either Mrs.
Turner or Mrs. Frenna would wear black
in the near future.' Mr. Turner was
afraid, but I told him that I did not be.
lieve that Frenna had the courage to
shoot him. He said that he did not fear
Frenna on the street, but believed that
he was an assassin and would lie in wait
for him, • perhaps behind our steps, and
shoot him in the back. For this reason
for the past week some one has com*
alarming turn. Great Britain, at the
request of the Ultlanders' Council, has
enlarged the original demands of Sir
Alfred Milner, the British High Com
missioner, and is adopting the view of
Cecil Rhodes that President Kruger
will never withstand an ultimatum.
I have, however, high authority for
asserting that President Kruger, " the
Volksraad and the nation will un
itedly resist an unconditional de
mand for giving effect to the Milner
programme, but will concede reforms on
the conditions already reported.
home with my husband every night, and
Frenna, perhaps knowing this, waited un
til he caught him alone and then com
mitted the murder. As to the second
charge that my husband had swindled
him out of considerable money, it is also
false. My husband was ready to pay him
if ho owed him anything, and it was but
a short time ago when I understood that
Frenna was told to leave his account with
a well-known money-lender and It wouid
be paid If found due. He went away mut
tering, and the account never came. He
was the tool of a band of conspirators.
and just now as Mr. Turner was ready to
turn on them they did not want money
but his life, and they have taken it."
After Mrs. Turner had spoken one of
her friends spoke up and said that
Frenna's claim that ho wont into the
Crocker building on business was false.
He said that Frenna had been seen to
leave a doorway and follow Turner along
Pine and Montgomery streets after that
dead man bad left the offlces of D. E.
Beseclfer, 306 Pine, street, and continued on
his way to the Crocker building. He said
that Frenna followed Turner into tho
building and •followed him to the third
floor, and then, when the opportunity of
fered, shot him in the hack. D. E. Be
secker corroborates the story in a meas
ure, stating that Turner was at his* oiuce
just a short time before he met his death.
As to his being followed after leaving
there he cannot Bay. In any event Turner
was shot, the friends say. without an
opportunity for defense, and the motive
was to close his lip-***, but they say ihat
the fight against them will be taken up
where it was dropped by the dead man
and prosecuted, to the end. and they have
gained but little by adding murder to
their list of crimes.
FOUR ISSUES OF THE CALL
containing full account of Califor
nia's royal welcome to her soldier
boys and the celebration in their
honor, wrapped ready for mailing to
friends, 20 cents. Send your order to
Call Business Offlce.
LIST OF THE DEAD
IS GROWING LARGER
CHICAGO. Aug. 29.— list of those
who lost their lives yesterday In the fall
ing of the heavy iron arches which form
ed the skeleton of the Coliseum, a huge
hall in course of construction, now num
bers ten.
One man, Edward Swanson, reported
| among the. missing, was to-day added to
I the roll of death. A companion of Swan
: son, when the accident." happened, to-day
told the police he had taken his friend's
! body from the ruins l in a horribly
mangled condition, and that it had been
, taken away in an ambulance. What dis
i position was made of it is unknown.
j Samuel Smith, Alexander Millas, Josepn
King and others reported missing have
been accounted for, all having escaped.
j The hospital authorities reported to-day
; that of the injured, John Marshall was
; in the most serious condition and will
(probably die. His skull was fractured,
! his right leg cut off and the other limb
badly crushed.
Pan-American Exposition.
BUFFALO, X. v., Aug. 29.— The posi
tion of director general of the Pan-Amer
ican exposition has been formally tend
ered to William I. Buchanan. United
Slates Minister to the Argentine Repub
lic. Mr. Buchanan is expected in Buffalo
in a few days to look over the situation.
-PHOTOGRAPHY BY NIGHT-Get the
Wasp' of this week, out to-day. See how
the great night* parade of Saturday has
been reproduced. A photographic wonder.*
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
QUEENSTO-WN— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
SAN DOMINGO
TOWNS TAKEN
BY REBELS
Impossible for the Govern-
ment to Resist the
Rising. '
ITS DOOTCERTAIN
— —
Brooke Cannot Hold .Jiminez Indef
initely and He May Leave
Cuba if He Wants To.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor-
* don Bennett.
PUERTO PLATA, Aug. 29.— The rev-
olutionists would not accept proposi
tions to suspend hostilities. Santiago
• surrendered yesterday afternoon and
Puerto Plata this afternoon, after re-
sistance. The revolution is too strong
j and it will be impossible for the Gov
j ernment to resist Jiminez at La Vega.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Aug. 29.— News
has reached here from San, Domingo
confirming the report of the defeat by
the revolutionists of General Peppin, in
command of the Government ; forces,
who lost thirty men killed and had
forty-five soldiers captured. In addi
tion General Peppin was compelled to
abandon a convoy of provisions.
Further fighting has taken place near
I Monte Christi between the revolution-
ists under General Davarro and the
Government troops commanded by
General Guelito.
WASHINGTON, Aug. That the
| revolutionists in San Domingo have
been successful in overturning the gov
ernment is not doubted by officials in
view of dispatches received by the Navy
Department from Captain Edwin Long-
necker, commanding the cruiser New-
Orleans, and United States Consul j
Simpson, at Puerto Plata. On account ■
of the interruption in the cable corn
| munication Captain Longnecker w;\s ■
j compelled to send his message by boat j
' to Santiago de Cuba, from which iroint '
'' it was cabled to Washington. It is.
; therefore, two days old. He stated that
I the recognized government had sent
commissioners to confer with the rev-
olutionists for purposes of bringing
about peace and that the entire trouble
was due to the condition of the cur
i rency of the island. He further stated
I that a French man-of-war was lying
, alongside of the New Orleans in the
; harbor of San Domingo Undoubted
| ly if the situation requires such action.
I the French commander, following the
lead of Captain Longnecker. will land
! marines to provide protection for
; French citizens and their interests.
A dispatch from Consul Simpson de
: scribed only the partial success of the
insurgents dealing with the district of
Puerto Plata General Wood has not
j advised the War Department that he is
holding General Jiminez, and no in-
structions have been sent to General
Brooke beyond those of several days
; ago, directing him to carefully watch
I the San Dominican and prevent him
■ leaving Cuba if engaged in a filibuster
; ing expedition. General Brooke cannot
hold Jiminez indefinitely, however, and
I if the latter desires to leave Cuba un
j armed he will be allowed to go. .
As soon as the new Government has
I taken hold of affairs within Its b^und-; I
j aries, Jiminez will probably accredit a
i representative to the United States,
! and recognition will be accorded to man
I and Government when the President is '
I assured that it is of a stable character. i
JIMINEZ LANDS AND
IS PROMPTLY ARRESTED
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 29.-Gen-
eral Juan Isidro Jiminez. the revolution
ary aspirant to the Presidency of the
republic of Santo Domingo, who arrived
here several days ago with his two sons
i by the South ("oast steamer, but was not
allowed to land, came ashore to-day and
was placed under arrest by the order of
General Leonard Wood, the military gov
ernor, who will not permit him to pro
; ceed to Santo Domingo except after in- i
structions to that effect from Havana.
General Jiminez is very angry at the
i treatment to which he is subjected,
1 though he does not attempt tee conceal his
intention tee proceed to Santo Domingo
! anil become President of the republic.
He said in an interview that ho had
received cabled information to-day that
i the revolutionists hold practically the
■ whole republic except the capital, Sari
Domingo. He referred to General Gomes
as "my particular friend," but said the
latter was in no way involved in Domini
can affairs. A close examination of his'
twenty-six trunks revealed no arms.
ROOT'S WOUNDS
SELF-INFLICTED
*» .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 29.-Offlclals at Ag
| news Asylum deny that there was any
irregularity or neglect in the case of
Waiter Root of Woodland, who died at
i that institution on Friday. Instead they
■ readily explain matters and refer to Dr.
J. F. Dillon of San Francisco, who was
| present and saw. the remains shipped. Ha
! knew the particulars or the Injured arm.
Dr. Sponogle was in San Francisco to
i day, and in his absence First Assistant
j Physician Stocking talked readily of the
case.
Root came to the hospital on December i
i 28, 1898, suffering with general paresis,
, from which his death resulted. He was in !
I fair physical condition, but declined rap- i
■ idly. He had to be watched constantly.
i He had a propensity to pick his face and
hands and heat his bead against the •
1 walls. These acts had to be guarded
against all the time. Root bent his el
bows and feet against the floors and j
I walls. The injury to the elbow was in
duced by knocks till a sore and disease
jof the bone resulted. At times it was '
! greatly inflamed. '
I A few days previous to his death when :
! dressing Root threw himself forward, ;
causing the injury t.i the tissues of his '
diseased arm. The arm was carefully
dressed with proper medical applications
and splints. After his death these were !
; removed and clean bandages put around
the elbow.
Root's relatives had never been assured
that he was getting better. Up to the day
i before he died there was no indication
' that death would result Immediately, al-
I though it was expected. -He became un
'. conscious then and went into spasms, and
continued in them for many hours. This
i probably accounted for the contortion of
! the face. -
Dr. Stocking did not know anything
! about the fracture of the ribs, but said
i Root might have been so injured in
thrashing around. Root did not know he
i suffered and was unable to make com
i plaint.
Dr. Stocking said the remains were
: carefully washed and dressed for ship
-1 ment. Dr. Dillon of San Francisco a
! brother-in-law of the deceased, was pres
ent arranging for the shipment. Dillon
: was told of the fractured arm and he
; seemed satisfied. The body was dressed
lin a shroud. The mouth and eyes were
closed and everything was properly ar
ranged. The body was taken to Santa
Clara, thence to San Jose, and shipped to
Woodland. If It was not properly ar
ranged when it arrived at its destination
I it was because of the rough handling tt
| received on the way.
CUTICLE CONTRIBUTED
TO SAVE A MAN'S LIFE
Six Friends of a Scalded Stockton Citizen
Assist in a Skin-Grafting
Process.
STOCKTON Aug 29.— Six nervy fellow employes of Davis Heberle, who fi
was horribly burned -a few weeks ago by falling into a vat of boiling tan +
liquor to-day bared their arms and contributed skin to replace the cuticle T
burned from' his body. The men work in the Pacific Tannery Drs*. Cross .
and Hammond worked several hours in transferring the skin. The men _*
were- Thomas 11. Bond, Hans Kalloeser, Fred Fedler. Louis Wright. Chris J
Seifert and William Donovan. An assistant pulled the skin taut while the 1
doctors shaveVl it off with a keen razor. The pieces varied in length from '
two to four inches and were about half an inch wide. The Operation was \
very painful as the small nerves underlying the outer layer were severed. }
The pieces were then carefully dipped into a solution of six parts salt and _*
1000 parts water. The place where the grafting was to be made was scraped "*
clean and washed and the pieces laid on.
BABIES CAUSED
BY A CAT'S BITE
t
Peculiar Case of J. Lopes
Peculiar Caseof J. Lopes
of San Clemente.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatcli to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. John Lopes, a
San Clemente dairyman, was bitten by a
pet cat about two weeks ago and is now
suffering from hydrophobia in its most
virulent form. The Interest taken in the
case by the medical fraternity on ac
count of its rarity is increased by the
complications resulting from an accident.
Lopes, having symptoms of tetanus, or
lockjaw, Dr. W. J. Wickman, the attend-
ing physician, pronounces the case the
most peculiar ever drawn to his atten
'tlon. . .'.■"-,.■"•
Two weeks ago Lopes was bitten in the
right thumb by a cat. The next day he
ran a sliver under the thumb nail. The
thumb began to swell and Lopes went to
San Francisco for medical treatment. A
few days ago Dr. Wickman was sum-
moned to San Clemente and found Lopes
suffering from hydrophobia. He frothed
at the mouth and struggled desperately
to bite the physician, but was restrained
by two muscular attendants. He was
both feverish and delirious, and prior to
Wiekman's arrival had been, in convul
sions, in addition the patient swallowed
with difficulty and had other symptoms of
tetanus.
Dr. Wickman lanced the thumb to re
lease the pus and gave other medical
treatment. Lopes was then sent to St.
Mary's Hospital in San Francisco, where
a large number of physicians have called
to make a study of the patient's condi
tion. : :-.
"The man plainly had hydrophobia
from the cat bite,-' said Dr. Wickman.
"and vet indications of tetanus from the
sliver wound were present. Strange as
such a complication may appear, I have
just received word that the physicians at
St. Mary's have confirmed my opinion.
The case is one of the most peculiar in
the annals of medicine, and cannot fail
I to excite widespread interest."
CHOYNSKI GETS THE
DECISION OVER RYAN
Men Are Evenly Matched and Fight
Twenty Rounds, but Neither
" Is Badly Punished.
DUBUQUE. Iowa; Aug. 29.— The Audi
torium was filled with #*'«> people wiun
torium was filled with WOO people when
the fistic carnival' opened to-night. At
10 p. m. the preliminary bout was called.
It was a twenty-round go between Clar
ence Forbes and Con Suffleld of Chicago
for the 108-pound championship of the
West. George Siler acted as referee.
In tht eleventh round Forbes ended the
miil with *i heavy risht on the jaw.
mill with a heavy right on the jaw,
knocking Suffleld through the ropes. He
was counted out.
The main event of the evening was then
called, Joe Choynskl vs. "Australian Jim
my ' Ryan, for the light heavy-weight
championship of the world. Choynaki en
tered the ring first. He appeared in splen
did condition. Ryan entered the ring a
moment later. -He appeared finely drawn,
a trifle lighter than his opponent.
Choynskl 'a superiority as a boxer was
evident from the first, though the punish
ment he gave Ryan was not sufficient to
dee more than bring blood and cause un
important bruises. The punishment was
not all 'on one side, though Choynski
showed little effect of what he received.
Neil tier man seemed to have much the
best of it during the first ten rounds, and
it was apparent that unless an accidental
blow ended it the light would go the limit.
At the end of the tenth round Ryan's
nose was bleeding freely from the effects
of Joe's left jabs. Choynski's left seemed
to be always ready to meet Ryan's ducks.
The succeeding rounds were more in
Choynskl' 8 favor, though Ryan fought
gamely, landing repeatedly, but with little
effect In the thirteenth Choynskl brought
blood from Ryan's nose again and Con
tinued to land on his eyes, nose and
mouth. Ryan began hugging to avoid
punishment and when lie landed his blows
lacked force. Both were fighting viciously
when the bell tapped at the end of the
twentieth round. Choynskl was given the
decision.
Complete files of The Call contain
ing accounts of the welcome home to
our heroes can be obtained at Call
Business Ofiice. Send a copy to your
Eastern friends.
CHANGE IN ROUTE
OF THE OWL TRAIN
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 29.— recent
visit to this end of the State by George
Crocker, second vice president of the
Southern Paciflc Railroad, has set all the
energies of that corporation at work to
push the construction of the coast line
from Santa Barbara to Lompoc.
When Crocker came south he did not
visit Los Angeles, but directly went to
Santa Barbara via Saugus. He consulted
the Held engineers, and from them ob
tained the latest data regarding progress.
The final stakes covering the sixty-five
miles to be constructed have been driven.
The rights of way, with the exception of
two small Stretches, have been secured.
These two obstructions will not prove a
hindrance, as the lands will be con
demned. Every contract for construction.
including the roadbed upon the disputed
rights of way, has been let. Mr. Crocker,
it Is reported by those who are cognizant
of the facts, gave explicit instructions
that every contractor must not lag a mo
ment.
The Owl train of the Southern Pacific
will run from Los Angeles via Santa Bar
bara and San Francisco after January 1,
1900. Every movement that the Southern
Pacific is now making in the southland
Mail The Call's great (souvenir
Edition to your friends.
4 ' You Never Miss the Water
Till the Well Runs Dry."
Tilt the Wetl Runs Dry."
We never realize the value of health
until it is gone. When old time strength
and vigor are wanting, purify the blood
by taking Hood's Saisaparilla; soon re-
by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla; soon re-
stored appetite, perfect digestion, steady
nerves and even temper will prove it is
bringing back the glow of perfect health.
3^^^m^^f^%
■7 -7. II
warrants this conclusion. The curves and
tangents in the coast division between
San Francisco and Lompoc are being re
duced. The distune.- between San Luis
Obispo and Castroville has been lessened
by six miles. The cut-off between Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles via Chatswonh
Park, it is to-day stated, will become the
direct route between the north and the
south. This change will cause a reduction
of twenty-four miles between the main
points The endeavor of the Southern Pa
cific will be to make the run from here
to San Francisco in twelve hours. With
the 4000 feet at Tehachapi gone-, and the
highest elevation, near Cu< ta. on the coast
line at 1200 feet, and thirty miles less to
run, officials incline ■'> the opinion that
the through route from New Orleans and
ail southern points will be along and
through the Pacific Coast counties of Cal
ifornia.
ZELAYA COMPROMISES
WITH HIS ENEMIES
BLUEFIELDS, Aug.- 29.-The Zelaya
' party here is very much disturbed over
the report which came yesterday that
President Zelaya and General Reyes, the
leader of the recent revolution on the At
lantic coast, had come to an agreement.
General Reyes has been offered by the
President the Governorship of the At
lantic coast of Nicaragua, and as cvi-
dence of his good faith in making the
tender the President offers to make any
arrangement he (General Reyes) may de
mand to assure him protection.
j The Honduran gunboat Tatumbia -is
here. Her presence has created consid-
I erable comment. It is said that Zelaya
, distrusts the Estrada brothers and has
the Tatumbia here to prevent any revo
lutionary tactics.
The Nicaraguan gunboat San Jacinto is
at Cape Graclas. disabled. The officials
sent down by the President tee assume
control of the local offices on August 15
have not yet been put In possession. The
Estrada faction, which was Zelaya"
strongest support, has deserted his stand
ard, and the present movement to put
Reyes in power again is to appease and
conciliate Reyes' sympathisers. To pre
vent the Estrada followers from getting
the arms and ammunition on this coast.
some time ago, on some flimsy pretext.
they were carried to the interior. There
are clouds on the horizon and it looks as
if there was trouble ahead.
MISCELLANEOUS.
THE TREATMENT OF
GRANULATED LIDS.
Frank J. Gaskin Relieved After
Twenty Years' Suffering by Dr.
Aborn- 554 Gutter Street.
To those who are suffering from dis-
tressing diseases of the eye, ear, head.
throat and lungs, as well as affections of
the digestive organs and nervous systems.
Dr. Aborn's revitalizing methods of treat-
: ment at 554 Sutter street will prove a rev-
elation. The following testimonial of
Frank J. Gaskln of 3516 Sixteenth street,
published herewith, is quite apropos:
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 25. 1599.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: I
I wish to state fdr the benefit of the af-
j flicted that I had b*Den suffering for over
| twenty years with Inflamed and granu-
lated eyelids. Tried several doctors with-
I out relief. 1 applied to Dr. Aborn. 551
I Sutter street, who gave me instant relief.
and now, after ten days' treatment, I con-
shier myself about well.
FRANK J. GASKIN.
3516 Sixteenth street.
DR. ABORN, offlce and residence, 551
Sutter street. Office hours: 10 to 12 and
2 to 4; evenings 7 tO 8.
Those who reside at a distance and un-
able to call personally may consult Dr.
Aborn by letter and be treatedefficaclously.
by correspondence.
HITCHCOCK SCHOOL^
lifciicocK SCHOOL
(LATE SELBORNE),
(LATE SELBORNE),
saist RAFAEL. ;
This school will reopen on August 23. with
handsome new buildings, heated by steam and-
lighted by electricity. Every pupil Ims sepa-
rate room, choice of bedrooms on first and sec-
ond floors. Steam from outside, no furnace, no
etoves. no flues In boys' quarters. The nearest
approach to a fireproof school. Arrangements
have been made for boarding pupils and carry-
ing on the school in the Hotel Rafael until the
buildings are completed. For catalogues, testi- •
monials and references apply to the principal.
REV. CHARLES HITCHCOCK. San Rafael.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
le a Great Restorative, Invigorator and Ncr-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonlo for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Ita own Merita.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
1123 Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular
Chichester's English Diamond Itraa4. "*-
- PILLS
-<K~X ■ Original and Only Genuine. A
.f-s/yityS ••re. a:»».Ti reliable, uontlit o\
f- 7 1 fltSitt Dragglst ror Chichrttrrt Btxalith _>ia-Xf\7,
tol&2>!AME&m»n<i Brand la Red ud Gold ni-t»l!lc\TJss'
I "j-y —^T'S.ißjboxw, «*le>l -with bine ribbon. Take \W
*M ejM^ 1&»-Inr> otkor. jRe/wte dsinyerout tubttih*. v
j/ ~ ffflicru and itnitatit tu. Jti, LTusqlsis, orn'iel ■£«.
I C- yjf ta it*unr> for p utlealsrs, icitlmonUli »oJ
I C» yjf in straps for p irilcul.ra, tcsTimontftli anj
V *B* . B "Krllof Tor Ladles," in letter, by retara
„X iT Mall. JO.OSO T<-ailiaoni:!n. gaa* Paptr.
-*m.." rchli-*iStitCTCi\t-Mxic^H;o.,MaAhKm Sqaor*
MU kj all Ux^. DrugglJlfc PBlLaoa^ i'A*
I' DR.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
DISCiyVEKY
FOR THE
I BLOOQIB LUNGS;
yvvvvvvvvvvyvvv\AA^vvvvvvwv%Ag
I A PERMANENT CURE I
I A PERMANENT CURE I
> of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
2 and Gtoet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
C days ; no other treatment required. . %
i Sold by nil druggists. 5
>A/V\/VVV\AAfVWVVVVVVVVVVVWV\/WC
lA/. X. HBSS,
lA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AKD ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
NOTARY PUBLIC AKD AT IOBNEY- AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Bpreckela Bids'.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence, 821 California st., below PowelL
San Francisco, ..".'■ :COLONEL CORDIER TESTIFIES
ON BEHALF OF DREYFUS
Colonel Henry's Chief
Deputy Conies to the
Aid of the Prisoner
at Rennes.
DE FREYCINET ON
THE WITNESS-STAND
Former War Minister
Talks of Conciliation
Without Giving Any
Important Facts.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENNES, Aug. 29.— Neither side
was pleased with the outcome
of to-day's proceedings before
the court-martial that is try-
ins Captain Dreyfus. The Drey
fusards expected that Colonel Cordier,
who was deputy chief of the Intelli
gence Department under the late Lieu
tenant Colonel Henry, would testify
that the bordereau was received di
rectly by the late Colonel Sandherr.
Had the expectation been realized, the
testimony would have been a strong
point In favor of the accused, because it
would have been a reply to the anti-
Dreyfusards who have all along con
tended that Henry received the border
eau and forwarded it to Sandherr, a
thing he would not have done had the
bordereau been, as the Dreyfusards
assert, written by his accomplice, Es
terhazy, for in that event Henry would
have recognized the handwriting when
he received the bordereau from the
German Embassy and would have sup
pressed it instead of forwarding it to
Sandherr.
Colonel Cordier, however, testified
to-day that he was absent from the
Intelligence Department when the bor
dereau arrived, but that he believed
that it was received by Henry. Natur
ally this statement elated the anti-
Dreyfusards, but they had no good
reason to congratulate themselves
upon the remainder of Cordier's testi
mony, as it was wholly in favor of
Dreyfus.
On the other hand, the procession of
generals and officers of the general
staff who demanded an opportunity to
confront Colonel Cordier was a good
piece of tactics from the point of view j
of the anti-Dreyfusards, because all j
points they contested were not of the
first importance, yet their very ap
pearance on the stage and the contra
dictions of some of Cordier's state
ments left a disagreeable impression.
The appearance of General Mercier
to question Colonel Cordier came as a
surprise to many in the audience, who
had supposed that after last Saturday's
scene, when Mercier was confronted
with Captain Freystmeter, he would
remain quiet. But Mercier is game to
the death. His action to-day is inter
preted as Intended to show that he is
not going to throw up the sponge. The
part he played in 1894 lays bim open to
arrest, and this is a constant topic of
discussion in the cafes and at other
meeting places in Rennes. There ap
pears, however, to be a good reason
why the Government will not take any
such serious step until tlie trial is over.
Colonel Jouaust, president of the
court-martial, could adjourn the trial
finitely if Mercier, who is an im
portant witness, were arrested. If the
trial were adjourned for more than
forty-eight hours it would lapse and
the proceedings would have to be gone
over again from the beginning.
To-day's attendance was the largest
since the opening of the trial. Every
body was on the gui vive to hear the
testimony of Charles de Freycinet, Sen
ate'!*, formerly Premier, former Minister
of Foreign Affairs and former Minister
of War. Tius adroit politician, the
"white mouse" of French politics, sat
upon the fence as well as he could. His
expression of a fear that the Dreyfus
agitation would injure the discipline of
the army greatly annoyed the Drey
fusards as calculated to influence the
Judges against the accused. But he
KNOW BY THESE NUMBERS
«*S!sfcs If
rfsf \\
\ Is? ¥ wr
You
*~3ns£ You
1/-tm\ Have
fAJs)k\ Bilious
lfl\ r* Disorder
l/l 4 m Disorder
L-Xi f I If you have, then
111 * take HUDYAN, for
lA\ fil"' ' "rs*% HUDYAN will prompt-
ly*' I' •*» ly cure you. An inact-
vj' V. i i l. " Ive liver often Induces
'li •Ik very serious consequen-
15 I \\ Fig. 1 denotes Head-
1 J V* ' aches, Fig. 2 Yellow
*•'' Eyes. Fig. 3 Coated
. Tongue and Offensive Breath Fig. 4 Palpita-
tion of Heart Fig. « Impaired Digestion, Fig.
fi Pain or Soreness In right side over region of
liver. These symptoms all . denote Liver
TOtber" symptoms Of Liver Trouble are Cos-
tiveness Dizzy Spells. Nausea, Tired Feeling
and Less of Appetite. If you observe any of
{...-e symptoms "take HUDYAN," for HUD-
TAN will positively correct the evil.
mitotan arouses the liver from Its inaction
mS relieves the bowels .gently. HUDYAN
£~aaMse* curative properties peculiar to itself.
Tt contains no calomel or other drastic cathar-
»iV« tar drastic cathartics do more harm than
<- ','; and leave the liver in a worse condition
than ever. HUDYAN is unlike such remedies.
for It acts gently, naturally, pleasantly, ana
the result ls permanent. r;^y
V'_ -+ Persons living in
"* ..i; I malarial countries
MEN AND should .take HUD-
WOMEN VAN, for malaria ln-
ADVISED ! duces biliousness, and
PREP. , HUDYAN prevents.
rail or Write. I HUDYAN brings the
Can or wiicc. 1 stomach, liver and
•+- "* bowels Into harmon-
ious ' action. HUDYAN produces a splendid
appetite and aids digestion. HUDYAN has
cured thousands; it will cure you.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists, 50c a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50.
If' your druggist dees not keep HUDYAN
Fend direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS
ABOUT YOUR CASE, FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL OR WRITE.
TWO LEADING WITNESSES IN THE RENNES TRIAL.
followed lt with a eulogy of the pioneer
of the Dreyfus campaign, M. Scheurer-
Kestner, former vice president of the
Senate, whose character, he said, he
held in the highest esteem.
M. Labori then secured another con
cession favorable to Dreyfus by getting
M. de Freycinet to admit that he could
not recall a single fact going' to prove
that money had been sent into France
from abroad to promote a campaign in
favor of Dreyfus. The general feeling,
however, was that his appearance on
the witness stand has not materially
helped the accused.
DREYFUS IS GAINING
POWERFUL FRIENDS
Colonel Cordier Gives Strong Evi-
dence in Favor of the Ac-
cused Man.
RENNES, Aug. 29.— General Mercier.
the former Minister of War, and most of
the other generals interested in the case
were present in the hall of the Lycee this
morning when the second session of tne
fourth week of the trial by court-martial
of Captain Alfred Dreyfus of the
artillery, charged with treason, was
opened.
Colonel Cordier, deputy chief of the
Intelligence Department under the late
Lieutenant Colonel Henry, and who since
his previous appearance in court, had
been released by the Minister of War,
General Marquis de Gallifet, from his
oath of professional secrecy, was the
first witness called to-day. He testified
to the effect that the iate Colonel Sand
herr and not Lieutenant Colonel Henry
received the famous bordereau.
The witness deposed strongly in favor
of Dreyfus, and he kept the court and
even the Judges in roars of laughter by
his comical manner and witticisms. 11. is
a short, stout man with a jolly face
and a'v cry red nose. The colonel declared
that his belief in the guilt of Dreyfus was
flrst shaken when the date of the bor
dereau was given as May. He was now
convinced Dreyfus was innocent.
Colonel Cordier then spoke up strongly
for Colonel Picquart as a conscientious
soldier and an honorable man and threw
light upon the situation which existed
in the offices of the Intelligence Depart
ment of the War Offlce. He explained
that Henry was jealous of Picquart be
cause tht latter was given charge of the
statistical department,' which Henry had
hoped to get for "himself. Cordier ex
pressed the belief that lt was because of
Picquart that Henry committed his
forgery.
The evidence of Colonel Cordier was
delivered in a loud voice, accompanied by
humorous asides. He several times men-
tioned the Ambassador of Germany,
which caused the president of the court.
Colonel Jouaust, to intervene and tell the i
witness that he must not intioduce the!
ambassador's name or refer to Germany. j
The hasty corrections of the witness
when he repeated the same slips of the j
tongue, as he did more than once, and
the amusing manner in which he avoided
mentioning Germany at other times,
caused the greatest merriment. During
his testimony no fewer than five wit-
nesses rose and asked to be confronted
with him. But the colonel received the
Interruptions with the utmost good
humor.
Dreyfus spoke a few words at the con-
elusion of /Colonel Cordier's statements.
He said the scene which preceded his ar-
rest was so fantastic that it completely
bewildered him, and merely left a blunted
impression on his memory.
lhe prisoner is now accustomed to his
surroundings and las apparently recov
ered his self-confidence, as he speaks
readily and clearly and follows the wit-
nesses closely, taking notes of various
points of their depositions.
Major Lauth tirst confronted Colonel
Cordier and tried to score against him by
pointing out that Cordier was incorrect
in saying there were no anti-Semites on
the general staff since Cordier himself
was one. The colonel retorted, turning
the tables on the major, as raising his
hand lie cried:
"Quite true. I was an anti-Semite, but
I never bore fal^e witness against the
Jew. I am an honest man."
The audience applauded these remarks.
Colonel Cordier then administered a
well deserved snub to Major Lauth by
remarking that he (the colonel) might be
allowed to know more than Major Lauth,
with reference to the work of the Intelli
gence Department, since he (Cordier; re
placed Colonel Sandherr as chief of the
department, whenever Sandherr was ab-
sent, while Major Lauth, th. witness con-
eluded, "was merely my assistant, my
assistant, mark you."
Major Lauth did not enjoy this little
scene at all.
General Koget next confronted .Colonel
Cordier. The general assumed the same
supercllllous air which characterized him
when he appeared at the witness bar,
strutting about the stage in disdainful
attitudes. His evidence, however, was
not very striking nor was that of Colonel
Fleur nor Archivist Gribelln, who also
contested minor points of Cordier's depo
sition.
Finally General Merrier, who evidently
appeared in order to demonstrate the
baselessness of the stories of his inten
i tions to fly and to show his determination
to fight to the last, confronted Colonel
Cordier. The general's remarks were of
small Importance, the most interesting
being his repetition of Colonel Sandherr's
opinion of Matthieu Dreyfus, when the
prisoner's brother went to see the colonel
to ask for. justice in behalf of Captain
Dreyfus. Mercier admitted Sandherr
said: .'*':• ' -X-. *'*-'■- *: ■•*-■,■■•'* ■-*./
"Matthieu Dreyfus impressed me as an
honest man, who was prepared to make
any sacrifice to save his brother."
. M- de Freycinet, the former Minister of
War, former Minister of Foreign Affairs
and former Premier, followed Colonel
Cordier on the witness stand. The court-
room was packed to its utmost capacity
as the distinguished French statesman be-
gan his deposition. He is a venerable
looking man with scanty snow-white hair
and mustache and was dressed in a blue
serge suit. He wore a little black bow
for a necktie and gave his testimony seat
ed and in a low voice.
The witness was expected to speak
about the 35,000.000 francs supposed to
have been contributed abroad, mainly in
England and Germany, to the Drey-
fusian war chest.l
M. de Freycinet began by expressing the
pain which he experienced at the troubles
nis country was undergoing. Later he
said he remembered a conversation with
General Jamont, at which there was a
reference to money coming from abroad
in support of the Dreyfus agitation
which, while disinterested in France,
might not be so abroad. M. de Freycinet,
however, -did not remember the details
of the conversation, nor could he say if
any specific amount was mentioned.
M. de Freyclnet then alluded to his fear
that "attacks on the chiefs of the army
THE SAN FRAN CISCO' CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1899.
might be prejudicial to discipline," add
ing:
"Might not these attacks lead to the dis
appearance of discipline, and what then
would be the result if we found ourselves
in difficulties with a foreign country?"
In short, M. de Freycinet delivered a pa
triotic speech rather thaji a deposition,
concluding with the words, "All the world
will accept your verdict, which will open
an era of reconciliation."
Following are the more important pro
ceedings in detail:
The appearance of Colonel Cordier, for
merly Deputy Chief of the Intelligence
Department at the Dreyfus court-martial,
aroused great interest. Speaking In firm,
audible tones, the colonel testified that
September 23. 1594, he left Paris on a
fortnight's leave of absence and that
nothing was then known in the statistical
department of the War Office of the dis
covery of treason.
Continuing, Colonel Cordier said that
the day after he returned to Paris Colonel
Sandherr, greatly distressed, handed him
a copy of the bordereau on foolscap
paper. Colonels Cordier and Sandherr
animatedly discussed the bordereau,
Sandherr considering it ample evidence
of treason. The bordereau was photo
graphed and tin investigation instituted.
resulting In suspicion against Dreyfus
being aroused. Prior to this there was
no presumption of Dreyfus' guilt. It was
October 8 that, the suspicions of the. pris
oner's guilt became definite. Witness said
he believed the bordereau arrived at the
War Office after September 24. He could
not say who received it. Very few officers
were then aware that treason had been
committed. Witness thought it necessary
to enter these particulars in reply to the
statements of his assistant. Major Lauth,
before the Court of Cassation.
At this point Major Lauth, rising In the
center of the court, exclaimed:
"I beg leave to speak, my colonel."
Proceeding with his testimony, Colonel
Cordier said h« believed the bordereau
was handed to Colonel Sandherr by Col
onel Henry. Cordier then explained what
was "the ordinary channel" by which in
formation reached the War Offlce.
"The ordinary channel." the witness .
said, was a very clever spy attached to
the intelligence department, who had the
habit of visiting great houses but who
preferred the company of servants to the
company of their masters. *■•-'.'•;■*.
Cordier described the method of piecing
documents and showed how the bordereau
was pasted together by Henry', who was
usually Intrusted with such work. "Like
the passion of fortune-telling by cards,
men who have once pieced paper," said
the witness, amidst laughter, "will always
continue to do ho."
Referring to the spy who had been
dubbed as "the ordinary channel," Colonel
Cordier said the former did not directly
receive documents from the embassy from
AFTER THE SHOOTING OF LABORI.
While awaiting the arrival of a litter the wounded counsel for Dreyfus was
supported in the arms of his wife,— From a sketch in Petit Bleu.
which they were, abstracted. A woman,
be explained, served as an intermediary
and the ordinary channel having been
closed it was found necessary to negotiate
directly with the intermediary, otherwise
the woman with whom rendezvous were
usually made in churches. But as the
"ordinary channel's" services were still
available elsewhere his pay was con
tinued. Possibly, continued the witness,
the spy endeavored to renew his relations
with the embassy. Such was the situation
at the moment of the reception of the bor
dereau.
Dealing with the leakage discovered by
the military authorities, Colonel Cordier
said he ascertained it was occurring. at
Bourges. Witness recalled the fact that
an artificer named Thomas was sentenced
for treason in 1894. The foreign corre
spondents did not notice his arrest, and
consequently a letter addressed to him
was intercepted and a reply sent. This
letter asked for plans of a shell, The
headquarters staff obtained the plans and
sent them to Thomas' correspondents.
The latter replied, thanking Thomas and
inclosing bank notes, which were credited
to the funds of the headquarters staff.
Whatever has been said to the contrary,
witness maintained that the leakage at
Bourges could not be ascribed to Drey
fus This was also the opinion of Colonel
Sandherr, who frequently had recourse to
witness' intimate knowledge in this ques
tion, of the futile efforts to discover evi
dence against Dreyfus.
Cordier whose evidence greatly inter
ested his hearers, described the various
leakages He especially referred to a very
serious case designated as "leakage of St.
Thomas Aquinas," in which a clerk of the
Church of St. Thomas Aquinas, Paris,
was mixed up in espionage and a serious
leakage in the Ministry of Marine. The
witness recalled how. information of the
leakage of 1594 was received primarily.
The name mentioned was that of a gentle
man 45 years old and decorated, who used
to convey documents to the embassy,
which the witness described as a house
with a large garden.
Colonel Cordier emphasized the fact that
the foregoing personal description did not
bear the sligntest resemblance to Dreyfus,
but resembled much more closely another
officer whose name had been mentioned
and who could no longer be prosecuted or
■Cordier then described the events prior
to the arrest of Dreyfus, and showed that
only a single real leakage, namely, the
plans of the fortress, had occurred at the
time of his arrest. The document known
as "cette canaille de D ," he explained,
was contemporaneous with this leakage.
"It has been said," continued the wit
ness, "that I made a mistake on this
point and confounded the document with
another containing the initial alone. I
should like very much to see the docu
ment in order to assure myself that It had
not been tampered with. It is not, how
ever, of any Importance, except to show
that General Roget's evidence concerning
me is false from beginning to end." (Sen
sation.)
Reverting to the manner in which the
suspicions against Dreyfus crystallized.
the colonel described the efforts to pry ',
into the prisoner's life, and said the in- !
formation at first received was very bad
and constituted strong proof against the ]
prisoner. Later, however, it assumed
quite a different aspect. It was admitted :
that before his marriage Dreyfus was not j
"unimpeachable morally, nor was he en- '■
titled to wear a wreath of orange blos- j
soms." (Laughter.) "But," continued
Colonel Cordier, "after his marriage |
Dreyfus was quite different."
The witness also said that while Drey
fus boasted of his conquests, he (Cordier) j
was of the opinion that those who boasted
the most accomplished the least. (Laugh
ter.)
. Dreyfus, he continued, bragged a great
deal, and probably now repented having:
done so. Dreyfus' Inqulsitlveness, accord
ing to the witness, was probably explained
by his knowledge that he would not re- |
main long on the headquarters staff and j
he desired to obtain all information which
might be useful to him in after life.
The colonel then paid a tribute to the
memory of Colonel Sandherr, who exam
ined the Immense mass of documents re
lating to espionage and unearthed the
"Cette canaille de D— document, which
seemed to the witness to date back to
antiquity.
In 1894 the witness regarded as insuffi
cient the sole proof against Dreyfus. I
namely, the bordereau. He did not be- j
lieve the prisoner was guilty, but the fact I
that the judges were unanimous in con- j
victing him changed the witness' mind. j
His doubts, however, returned when he
saw that the date of the bordereau re
ceived in September had been fixed as
May. Colonel Picquart's Investigation
and the infamous campaign against Pic- ;
quart increased the suspicions of the wit
ness.
"In 1894," declared Colonel Cordier, em
phatically, "I had been reassured by the
unanimity' of the judges, and 1 was abso
lutely convinced of the guilt of Dreyfus.
Now I am absolutely convinced of his
innocence." (Great excitement.)
Next the witness discussed the attacks
on himself. He said he was astonished at
being accused of being soured because he I
was not given charge of the intelligence I
department in succession to Colonel Sand- !
herr, "as every one knew I wished to quit
the service simultaneously with my friend
Sandherr."
Replying to the president. Cordier de- •
clared that the approaches of the Dreyfus I
family to Colonel Sandherr were not at- i
tempts at corruption and that Dreyfus' j
brother's remark. "Our fortune is at your ■
disposal," was only the expression of the .
family's ardent desire to save an inno- j
cent member of it.
M. Labor! questioned the witness in re
gard to the letter mentioned In M. de la
Roche Yernot's evidence referring to the |
spy, "C. C. C," which was dispatched to i
the War Offlce at the time of Picquart's
arrival. Cordier explained that it was a :
letter from an Italian lady with whom the j
department was at that time in corre
spondence through an Intermediary at the '
Foreign Office.
"I greatly respect Italian ladles in gen
eral, said Colonel Cordier, "but not when !
lt Is a case of espionage, and- I advised i
Picquart not to make too much use of the I
lady's offers, saying to him, 'there must j
be no petticoats.' "
Major Lauth, being permitted to speak, i
said Colonel Cordier's leave of absence
commenced September 15, and not Septem- i
ber 23, to which Cordier replied that he
was surprised at contradiction on such an !
unimportant point, but, nevertheless, his I
original statement was true.
Continuing, the major commented upon
Colonel Cordier's testimony, especially the t
statement that there were no anti-Semites
on the headquarters staff, remarking that
there was one exception, and this was
Cordier himself, who always was express
ing antipathy toward Jews, especially
when there was a question of introducing
Dreyfus to the department.
"Yes,," exclaimed Cordier, "quite true.
I was an anti-Semite^ but my opinions
never went to the length of bringing false
evidence against the Jews. (Sensation.) i
I am an honest man and I have a con- |
science." (Renewed sensation.)
Major Lauth proceeded to discuss other !
points. He said he himself pieced the !
"cette canaille de D " and added that
as it was only received at the department j
at the end of 1893, It could not be regarded
as ancient. He explained that the tension
existing in the department was between !
the officers and Colonel Cordier. \
When the President asked Cordier if he ;
desired to say anything in rebuttal of
Major Lauth's statement, Cordier replied: !
"Nothing at all." • - :.
When, however, the major asserted, in
regard to the letter "C. C. C." that Cor- I
dier had nothing to do with the Italian
affairs which Sandherr conducted, Cor
dier arose and said:
"As deputy chief I was acquainted with
all the work done, while Major Lauth was
merely my assistant." -;•
At this juncture Major Lauth handed In
a letter from Madame Sandherr contra
dicting Colonel Cordier's statement rela
tive to the presence of Sandherr at the |
War Offlce on a certain day.
General Koget then mounted the plat
form, where his appearance caused a gen
eral stir. He said he would not reply to
Colonel Cordier's statements concerning
himself, "but," he added, "the witness
has stated that what I said was false.
He must now say ln what I have been in
correct." ''i. V-
Colonel Cordier— ln everything. ; -, vr.
General Roget— Very well. Let us be ex
act. Let us take the case of .Le Mercier-
Picard. *• _
Continuing, General Roget entered into
a lengthy explanation, denouncing Le
Mercier-Picard as an imposter and swin
dler, apparently with the. object of show
ing that Cordier's allegations that Mer
cler-Plcard was employed by the general
staff was unfounded. Roget also referred
to a letter to Matthieu Dreyfus attributed
to Cordier, whereupon the latter again
arose and protested against General Ro
get's Insinuations. He declared that when
it became known that he was going to tes
tify he was covered with mud and treated
as a drunkard in order to minimize the
value of his evidence,,. He also emphatic
ally protested against a statement of the
Libre Parole that he offered his services
to Matthieu Dreyfus and said the Minister
of War had authorized him (the witness)
to prosecute the newspaper, In regard to
the forged letter to Matthieu Dreyfus,
continued Cordier, investigation has
shown that Le Mercier-Picard undoubt
edly forged it.
Colonel Fleur appeared in the witness
box to refute Colonel Cordier's testimony.
He declared that August 23, 189S, Colonel
Cordier said to him:
"Dreyfus is guilty, but there must be
two others. There are three of them."
Colonel Cordier shrugged his shoulders
and admitted that just a week before the
arrest of Henry he said forgery had been
committed at the headquarters staff, but,
the colonel added, he told the same thing
to others the day after the posting up of
the speech of M. Cavaignac, the Minister
of War, was voted by the Chamber of
Deputies. ;v V- •'- 2-
The name of M. de Freyclnet was called,
and amid suppressed excitement the
former Minister of Foreign Affairs and
former Premier took the witness stand.
M. Demange proceeded to question the
former Minister. Counsel recalled Gen
eral Mereier's statement that M. de Frey
cinet told M. J&mont that 25,000,000 francs
had been raised for the defense of Drey
fus. In reply M. de Freycinet described
the anguish he felt at the sight of the
trouble into which his country was
plunged, and his desire was to see peace
and calm restored. In regard to the con
versation referred to the. witness said:
"General Jamont made me a visit of
courtesy on the occasion of my quitting
oflice at the beginning of May. I re
ceived many similar visits. I do not
think I exaggerate when I say that I re
ceived a hundred such visits. I made no
note of the remarks exchanged by my
different visitors. In the case of Gen
eral Jamont we, of course, talked about
the case and the campaign speeches and
press utterances which had been pro
ceeding in different parts of the world
during the previous two years. In re
gard to the Dreyfus case I was led to
say that our agents abroad reported that
efforts had been made on the initiative of
private individuals in behalf of this
campaign— very disinterested campaign
in France, I am sure, but less so abroad.
I reported the estimates I had heard had
been made by people who professed to
be well acquainted with the question of
advertising in regard to the probable
money value of the whole campaign
throughout the world since its inception.
That, Monsieur le PrcsiTlent. is a re
sume as complete as my recollection per
mits of the conversation with General
Jamont. What struck me most was the
identity of our anxiety in regard to the
army. We mutually expressed uneasi
ness, for it must be conceded that the
present attacks have had a profound
echo, which might eventually endanger
the cohesion of the army. You know
well, gentlemen, that there is a higher
discipline than even the military code, as
I said In the Chamber. It is that more
rigorous discipline which comes from the
confidence of .he soldier in his chiefs.
How can that confidence be maintained
if these chiefs are depicted daily in the
blackest colors? Was lt not to be feared
that at a given moment this confidence
would disappear, and what would be the
result If we were engaged in external
difficulties? (Sensation.)
"I adjure those of my countrymen,"
continued M. de Freycinet. earnestly.
"who participate in these attacks under
the impulse of generous passion and with
the object' of serving a noble, elevated
idea— l have no doubt they are led away
—to take heed in the dangers to which
they may involve the country. As Gen
efal Jamont said to me. 'It is high time, to
end it.' Let us cease throwing in one an
other's faces accusations which discredit
us iii the eyes of our rivals. Gentlemen,
let us prepare— and I would that my fee
ble voice could be heard by all— us
prepare to receive and accept your judg
ment with respect and silence. May the
judgment of this French court, toward
which the whole world has its eyes turned,
open up the era of reconciliation wnich is
so necessary. (Immense excitement.)
"Gentlemen, pardon me for telling you
what I wish. It springs from a heart
which has no longer much to desire here
below except to live to see the country
great and honored. I have finished. I
have given an exact account of the in
terview with the commander-in-chief of
our army in time of war. I have nothing
to add.''
M. de Freycinet had fully maintained his
title to the nickname "The Little White
Arouse," which was bestowed upon him
on account of his ability to speak length
ily without conveying much information.
JOUX PLACED UNDER
ARREST AT PARIS
Supplied the Eclair With Alleged In-
formation Concerning the Se
cret Dossier. .
PARTS, Aug. 29.— M. Lisso Joux. who
supplied the Eclair with Information (rom
which the "Cette canaille de D— " article
was concocted, was arrested to-day. The
prisoner declared that the article was
made up from Information received from
several persons, not from documents, and
he did not know anything about its origin.
COLOGNE GAZETTE ON
THE RENNES TRIAL
Says Germany Has Done as Much, as
Could Be Expected to Clear •
Dreyfus.
BERLIN, Aug. 29.— The Cologne Gazette
to-day, in an inspired article replying to
the foreign press, says:
"After the failure of Major Panlssr.ardi
and Colonel Schneider to convince the peo
ple, Colonel Schwarzkoppen's intervention
In behalf of ono innocently sentenced
would /be futile, especially since Germany
has already done more than could he ex
pected by Count yon Bulow's silemn dec
larations, wheih were given as represent
ing the empire and the Emperor, and
Colonel Schwarzkoppen's word of honor In
his declarations in November, 1897, that
he never had any relations with Drey
fus." .' y
The Tageblatt says the Government
might name the real spy.
»
SENSATIONAL REVELATIONS.
Colonel Dv Paty de Clam Testifies in
Dreyfus Case.
Dreyfus Case.
PARIS, 9ug. 30.— Major Tavernier, under
the interrogatory committee issued by
Colonel Jouaust, president of the Dreyfus
court-martial, questioned Colonel Dv Paty
de Clam at 4 o'clock yesterday (Tuesday)
afternoon, and will continue the examina
tion to-day. According to the Matin,
Colonel Dv Paty de Clam made sensa
tional revelations.
SIMILAR TO DREYFUS CASE.
French Army Officer Who Is Sus
pected of Treason.
PARIS, Aug. 29.— A case somewhat sim
ilar to that of Captain Dreyfus, now be
ing tried by court-martial at Rennes for
treason, is "reported at Nancy. The police
claim to have found at the residence there
of a French artillery subaltern a commis
sion in the German army and valuable
French army maps. The suspected man
belongs to an old Alsatian family, other
members of which are suspected of com
plicity in the affair.
7 _ -**....: * I
Favorable to Dreyfus.
RENNES, Aug. 30.— Paul Meyer, head of
the Ecole de Chartes, was the first wit
ness before the Dreyfus court-martial this
morning, his testimony being favorable to
the accused. ;
WELLMAN WILL RECOVER.
Injury to the Leg of the Explorer
Not So Dangerous as Reported.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— A specialist of this
city who has been consulted by Walter
Wellman, who arrived in London yester
day after his return of explorations of
Franz Josef Land, reported that the In
jury to Mr. Wellman's right leg, which
was badly hurt by a fall into a snow-cov
ered crevasse, will not be permanent, and
that he expects Mr. Wellman will be quite
well in a few months. The patient will,
however, have to undergo two operations.
It is thought he will remain here.
V' — — — 9 ' .
Spanish Consul Dead.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor-
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Aug. 29.— Francisco Camai
cho, Spanish Consul, died last night.
— — - — * ♦ *
Every home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
MESA BEGINS
AN INVASION
OF NICARAGUA
At the Head of One Hundred
Refugees He Advances
Refugees He Advances
on Leone.
on Leone.
FIGHT oTfRONTIER
FIGHT ofIRONTIER
— ♦ —
Government Troops Are Met and
Government Troops Are Met and
Defeated, and the Insurgents
Defeated, and the Insurgents
Hope to Raise an
xHop9 to Raise an
Army,
— •— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 29.—
Advices from Nicaragua state that
Advices from Nicaragua state that
General Louis Mena, the bravest
General Louis Menu, the bravest
fighter of the Reyes revolt, lias
tighter of the Reyes revolt, has
placed himself at the head of the
placed himself at- the head of the
refugees in San Salvador, number
refugees in San Salvador, number
ing a hundred, defeated the troops
ing a hundred, defeated the troops
on the frontier and is now pressing
on the frontier and is now pressing
on to Leon. He hopes to raise an
on to Leon. He hopes to raise an
army to attack Zelaya at the cap
army to attack Zelaya at the cap
ita!.
Jose Santos Zelaya, the President of |
the Nicaraguan republic, against whom
the Nicaraguan republic, against whom
the insurrection is directed, is an ad
the insurrection is directed, is an ad
venturous, shrewd, politic revolution- i
venturous, shrewd, politic revolution
ary. Zelaya was born in Managua, and
ary. Zelaya was born in Managua, and
is 47 years old. He has large Interests !
is 47 years old. He has large interests
as a coffee planter, and has never been
as a coffee planter, and has never been
anything but a liberal in politics. The .
anything but a liberal in politics. The
conservatives have several times ex
conservatives have several times ex
pelled him from tho country, but he has :
pelled him from the country, but he has
won his way to the front by the abso
won his way to the front by the abso
lute persistence of his character. Ze- ;
lute persistence of his character. Ze
laya was educated in Paris, where he \
laya was educated in Paris, where he
spent eight years. He won the rank of ]
spent eight years. He Avon the rank of
general in his campaigns for the lib- j
general in his campaigns for the lib
erals in various states of South
erals in various states of South
America, and he is one of the leading ■
America, and he is one of the leading
spirits of republicanism in the big con- ■
spirits of republicanism in the big con
tinent to the south.
tinent to the south.
DISCLAIM KNOWLEDGE
OF AN EXTRA SESSION
Currier and Smith Say Burns Will
Have a Hard Fight if One
Is Called.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29.— Senators
Currier of Spadra and C. Smith of
Bakersfleld were in Los Angeles to- j
day. Senator Currier when approached ■
on the subject of an extra session of |
the • Legislature disclaimed any ex- j
elusive knowledge about the probabil- I
ity of one being called and said: "If j
such a session is- convened I shall go j
into caucus upon the Senatorship and
will abide by the action there taken. !
! That was my attitude last winter dur- ,
j ing the regular session, but I was out- j
i voted by a majority of the representa- j
tives from down this way. We should
have elected a Senator last winter and
not put the State to the expense of an j
extra session. Senator Bulla tells me
he will not go into caucus in the event
of an extra session. He seems to know !
where he stands now, which was not
the case at Sacramento the last time."
Senator Currier was a Bulla sup
porter during the regular session, later j
transferring his allegiance to U. S. i
Grant. : : '
Smith placed U. S. Grant's name be-
fore the joint session last winter and
has been looked upon as one of the
leaders of the anti-Burns element.
When asked what he knew regarding
an extra session he replied: "It is my
opinion there will be an extra session
some time about November."
"Does that mean the election of
Burns for Senator?" "Not necessarily.
At the close of the regular session and
after he had strained every nerve, Mr.
Burns had but thirty votes. Less than
half enough to elect. I am not pre-
pared to believe that he has secured
during the recess two votes to where
he then had one. I am much mistaken
if there has been any such change in
public sentiment in his favor.
"If the whole Republican vote is
present at a caucus I do not think he
can control it. But if he could get a
i caucus with about sixty-one votes j
' present he could probably get a ma- !
j jority of that number and thus bind the
! whole sixty-one. It is reported that
j sixty-one have agreed to go into cau-
I cus. I doubt that. I have not signed
I such an agreement, neither have I been
asked to. I do not know that there are
any other candidates at this time. Both
Grant and Barnes have declared them
selves out of the race. But if there is
an extra session there will be more
than one candidate in the race."
WHEELER TO LEAD
FUNSTON'S BRIGADE
Veteran Officer Declares That He Is
Much Pleased With the Situa
tion in Manila.
tion. in Manila.
MANILA, Aug. General Wheeler
has been ordered to report to General
Mac Arthur. He will be given command
of General Funston's brigade, which
Colonel Llscum has commanded tempor
arily. General Wheeler will proceed to
San" Fernando to-morrow, after having
spent a week in energetically visiting the
lines.
General Wheeler said to a representa
tive of the Associated Press:
"I am much pleased with the situation.
I think that when Major General Otis
gets more troops here he will make rapid
progress. The country is more favoraole
for military operations than I supposed.
The imperssion that the country is un
healthy is wrong." . ■: •;
The railroad to Angeles will be restored
within a week and General Mac Arthur
will advance his headquarters to that
place. .
Complete files of The Call contain
ing accounts of the welcome home to
our heroes can be obtained at Call
Business Office. Send a copy to your
Eastern friends.
DISTRICT FAIR OPENS.
Splendid Horticultural Display in
Placerville Pavilion.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 29.— The Eighth
District Agricultural Fair began in this
city to-day. This is the twenty-fifth fair
given by the association. The exhibits
were practically all in place when the pa
vilion was thrown open to the pubiic.
They are particularly fine in the horti
cultural section of the pavilion.
A pleasing programme of band concerts
and vocal music by Placervllle's famous
Nordica Quartet has been arranged for
every night while the fair continues. This
is the first fair given in the city for the
past five years, and much, interest is be
ing taken by all classes of citizens to
make It a success. ;-*-••* *":>.*■ < .> ■■■-.:./- *,
PHOTOGRAPHY BY NIGHT-Get the
Wasp of this week, out to-day. See how
the great night parade o* Saturday has
been reproduced. A photographic wonder.*
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
CHANCE!
CHANGE!
MIDNIGHT THURSDAY
MIDNIGHT THURSDAY I
PRICE GOES UP.
PRICE GOES UP. I
$100
1 I
Invested Before That Time Will Make
j Invested Before IM Time Will Make |
525 PER MONTH
{ $25 PER MONTH 9
And No Risk.
h And No Risk, • I
Our stockholders have made 33 1-3
Our stockholders have made 33 1-3 5
per cent profit in the last 30 days.
' per cent profit in the last 30 da.ys. B
i Those coming in now are assured 25 il
per cent profit per month, with the
per cent protit per month, with the M
possibilty of its being 1000 per cent |
3 when ' la
I Oil Is Struck j
I when
Oil Is Struck
j Nothing but oil shares just now will H
pay such returns. One oil company's
I pay such returns. One oil company's I
stock jumped last week from
; stock jumped last week from h
$15 to $200
$15 to $200 1
i P3R SHARE. |
| Just think of it, 1333 per cent profit E
Just think of it, 1333 p^r cent profit
; in one day Forever/ $100 invested H
gin. that company you would have |
made $1333 33. Other companies'
made $1333 33. Other companies' H
stock will do the same, insde of the
\ stock will do the same, inside of the E
next few months.
8i next; few months. ffl
We Believe Ours to Be One of Them
8 We Believe Ours to Be One of Them |
Applications received up to mid-
Applications received up to mid-
night of August 31 st w, II be filled at
night of August 31st will be filled at .
$4 per share. Price goes up Septem-
»g $4 per share. Price goes up Septem- |
\ ber Ist to $4 50. Right, however, \
j reserved to return all subscriptions
j received afterthe present 1000 shares
I a,eUk*"'* i
PROSPECTUS WIIH "INSIDE IRFOR- I
j MATION" FREE. |
Iber Ist to $4 50. Right, however, j
reserved to return all subscriptions
received afterthe present 1000 shares
are taken,
PROSPECTUS WITH "INSIDE INFOR-
MATION" FREE.
UniofrConsolidated
Oil & Transport
Oil & Transport I
tation Co.,
tation Co., I
322=323 Parrott Bldg.,
| 322=323 Parrott Bldg., 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
I SAN FRANCISCO. I
__Wm_SßßE_smi_^^m-_ms_jßaa-__m__m_K
1 1 j bh be ii i mmm?
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.
all Ailments of men cured,!
—^^*^^wa3^s^i^--^
UR. METERS ft (O. have the largest prac-
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest prac- jl
tice anil best equijuped medical institution H
on the Paciflc CoflSt Established 17 years. H
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at offlce ■
or by mail. All letters confidential. g|
731 Market St.. San Francisco.
731 Market St., San Francisco. H
, , — , il.
00000000000 GOOOO o/o
0000000000000 ooo o/o
oTs? PALACE
%™.f F>ALACE *BP"t\
°nr->'iiiir.HOTELS'o
SAN FUANCISCO. J:
Q SAN FUANCISCO. -^Z j
Connected by a covered passageway. " j
• 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attache* ,• j
O AH Under One Management. 'O !
O NOTE THE PBICEB:"" O
O NOTE THE PSlCEfi:'*" Oj
O European Plan. St. per day and -upward O
O American Plan.sS.OO per day and upward
Correspondence Solicited. 9 j
O JOHN 0. EIREFATBICK. Kuaftt. O
O JOH3 0. KIRKPATBICK. Hanafftfi O !
q 00000000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ'
ivs-* DR JORDAN'S great-#
Jvisar DR, JORDAN'S greatJ
OF ANATOMY^
#HfISEUH OF SSSTOHyJ
' A CB 1051 MABKT ST. IM. 6:"a*S7ti, ST.fcl. J
\ Cj The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
V &-W^x ►x We.iknes-.e"; or aiiy contracted A
_ yo£ WIS} ' ■■''■■"" P«-*»'ll«w.-ly cared by the oldest ¥
9 SyS 1 Specialist i a the Coast. Est. 36 years #
$ iStllt OR-JO"MN-PBIVATE DISEASES #
$ Off 9 DR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A F«3roP _.<-■-'■'■---'.''• free and strie-tly prirate. \
M B jW'QI H r ' """in' personally or by letter. A A
\? W«■ P°*.l>™ Cursin every case undertaken. ¥
At* I |A Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY cf A
"' I •'* MAKK'AGK. MAILED FREB. (Af
A & Li valuable book for mea) \
9 OR. JORDAN *<■«>., 1051 Market St., S. F. V
£_$$&k ELECTRIC BELTS.
■^M^eZ- ELECTRIC BETS.
J&^^^^-^-^.ZixZ£Z*S Prices from JJ 50 to
Sry\ *\' ''t'i '- .*7"33ta '25- largest manu-
»«»Ll> xj iV'ABI facturers in the Unt-
'S4raS]S^ifel/r3r!f,i?f3' '"' Sta:es- No Quack*
r*?^3^^^3siii3^*i? oenneeted with tbia
Vl^^"nSA?^^T?\ «-*Ftabl ishment.
' *afc- 'I-- ICT For particulara
%\JP^ eral! or send 2o ia
/ST»» -tamps for "Booklet
' No. 2." Addreaa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
NERVITA HR "Hi^,
NERVITA il %££?
'— A]\!D MANHOOD
sgzftm. "mh A^D MANHOOD
Kuir "^ •' Cures Impo'ecnc v Night Emissions and Trailing
I*IBjSSP S? diseases, all effects of self'abucc, or excess and
•^Sfi^Jn | indiscretioa. A nenrctomc and hlood^bullder.
* 'ijfflrPrT ,l"* pink gtoyte pale "hecks and fft»
Si. J^—V **»** ,he fire of youth. By mail 500 per
fMS^al bo» 3 boxes for $2.50; with a written
*& tef^tjy* guarantee to cure or refund ,nc moaey.
riw'Ua WJc-iiM' Co.. Stinton & la:i;scn its.. CWeagd.
E. L. Baldwin & Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. S.F.
— ' "TTT.'":'?
"DI3TTCTJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
Ij KlJi^ rl JJlJers, bootblacks, bath-
M^M.m.^o **~ houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
dangers, printers, , painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
34
NEERATA WAS
GIVEN BATTLE
BY OUR LUCKY
— *» —
Speedy Mare Hard
Speedy Mare. Hard;
Pressed in 2:16 Trot.
Pressed in 2:l6 Trot.
EXCITING SPORT AT OAKLAND
ARTHUR W AN EASY WINNER
IN THE PACING EVENT.
•
The Books Kept Up Their Run of
Good Luck— Juletto, Lost Girl
Good Luck— Juletto, Lost Girl
and Novia Won
and Novia Won
Purses.
Purses.
The announcement that the 2:16 trot and
the 2:12 class for horses -of the lateral
gait, each for a $1000 purse, would both
be decidod at Oakland track yesterday
drew about the largest crowd that has yet
attended the Golden Gate Agricultural
Society's fair. As predicted by the know
ing ones? Neerata; the game little black
filly; annexed the trotting number, with
Arthur v securing the two necessary
heats to carry away first money in the
purse offeree! for pacers. In the running
events Juletto, Lost Girl and Novia were
the winners.
Judging from the odds laid against
"i* •'.! in the books it looked a fore
gone conclusion for the mare. Although
nine scored for the word the ring opened
her up an even money chance for. the
first heat. Our Lucky and Addison were
considered to have a great chance. Mamie
Riley drew the pole position, but. was out
footed to the turn. Our Lucky Boon
headed tlie field; showing the route home,
with Sable Frances and Neerata trailing.
Brooks behind the latter called on the
mare and in a long drive led Lucky past
the wire half a length in 2:16&. Sable
Frances was third and Ned Thorn fourth.
The heat winner alter this ruled a I to
5 chance, and landed in eighth position
et the second trial. Cut off and carried
to a break soon after the word, Brooks
made no further effort, Our Lucky taking
the heat handily from Sable Frances and
Ned Thorn. Five to two was laid against
the winner. - *
in the third and deciding heat, still a
warm favorite, Neerata came back trim
ami fresh, and passing Our Lucky before
the hall" was reached led the latter horse
out by. a length in 2:17%. Addison was
third on this occasion.
Great tilings ere expected of Beech
woo.i. Don, Deceiver and Bill Frazier. but
the quartet was apparently "not ready"—
especially the first name'!. Arthur \Y,
driven by Jobn Quinn, made it two
straight, and the race was over. In the
betting on the opening heat there was no
pronounced choice. Arthur \\\ Beechw 1
and Don all being quoted at about the
same odds— 2 to 1. Favored by good send
offs. Arthur VV never left the result in
doubt, winning both heats almost at
leisure in :i:lu. 2:15^. Deceiver was sec
ond in the first heat, with Bi echwood
taking that position the next time.
Then followed the runs. The first, a
five and a half furlong sprint for maid
en 2-year-olds, fell easy prey to Juletto.
The July filly went to the post favorite
over Druldess; and catching the latter
iii the sail home won hands down. Royal
Bengal was piloted into the show by
Joe Narvaez.
In th. seven-furlong run Lost Girl re
deemed herself for the defeat suffered on
the previous day. Closing second choice
in the books, the hardy marc overhauled
the lender, Widow .belies, and driving
hard earned the verdict by less' than a
length. Lovdal. the favorite, could never
pet to the front. The- winner was piloted
by Mills.
Jockey Eddie Jones on the 9 to in favor
ite- Novia made, a runaway race of the
final five and a half furlong spin, lead
ing Midlove out three lengths past the
stand. The latter acted badly at the
post, retarding her chances considerably.
Show honors went to Horatio.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are the entries in this afternoon's
■
First race— 2:3o class, racing: rurse £1C»D0;
First races — 2:30 class, pacing; purse $1000;
mile heats, three in five.
Dictlna, I Wild Nutting.
Al Marvin, Gaff Topsail,
Captain Hackett, Sable La Grand,
Vileria, Primrose.
Alia.
~. trotting; purse $1000;
Second race— 2:26 class, trotting; purse $1000;
mile heats, three in five.
Silyl, I Lynwood,
Stilasein. Lottie Parks,
Kentucky Baron, I Tickets
Lottie, ; Alix B. .
Maud Newman, , Richard B.
Third race— Five-eighths of a mile; all ages.
12 Shellac Hot 9 Lothian 112
9 Magnus 115 1 .. Castellar 115
...Smyle 1151 3 Beau Monde V.2,
.. Ojai 112 2 Daisy R 115
12 Seven Up lir>| .. Spry Lark 115
Fourth race— Five-eighths of a mile; all ages.
Fourth race— Five-eighths ot a mile; all ages.
.. Mt. McGregor.. .1151 6 February iii
• • P. F 115 .. Amasa 115
.. Tiburon 112* (2)Engea 112
12 Horatio 115 .. Indra 115
Fifth rare— mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
•■ wmore 1101 <> Nonchalance ....107
» Fcrtfs Sii »P. A. Finnegan. lo2
9 Scintillate .... 100) .. Jennie r, ■,* 101
•• Yule 102 8 Ringmaster 106
.. Kapido 104 .. Alicia 103
8 Donator -lot ; ,*: Grady 107
"CALLS" of Thursday, 24th, Fri
day, 25th, Saturday, 26th, and Sun
day, 27th, wrapped ready for mail
ing, 20 cents. Write or leave order
at Call Business Office.
EASTERN TENNIS CRACKS.
Champions of the United States
Reach Del Monte.
DEL MONTE. Aug. 29.-The five Ameri
can tennis experts whose presence Is tb
pake the coming Pacific States cham
pionship tournament at this place the
most notable event of Its kind ever held
on this coast arrived here on to-nlirht's
train to remain until after the tourna
ment. The players are Malcolm D Whit
man of Boston, . present United States
Singles champion,; Dwight P. Davis of St
Louis and Hoicombe Ward of New Jer
sey, who together make the champion
tennis team of America; Beals C Wright
.college champion, and George Wricht of
the linn or. Wright & Dftson. snl or
N.i programme of play .will be derided
upon until to-morrow, when the Eastern
ers will try these courts and consult with
California players whom-" they are to
meet In the courts, but it is likely several
exhibition games will be played before the
tournament formally, open*, and on Sep
tember 9 the Hardys and Wbitneys will
probably cross rackets with the Eastern
men. This means the best tennis ever
seen on the coast, and the Easterners
are looking forward to it with great plea
sure, as they are eager to seen how Cali
fornians compare with Eastern cracks
Pears*
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
what we mean by a soap with
no free tat or alkali in it — noth-
no free fat or alkali in it — noth-
ing but soap.
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
is, the nearer does it approach
perfection.
{Records 9/fade in the 'Sporting 21/orid-
Psyche, the Game Little Trotter.
Psyche won the closely contested 2:40 class trot in the District Fair con
tests at Oakland, Monday.
Photograph by J. R. Hodson.
Photograph by J. R. Hodson.
FIELD DAY FOR
AMERICAN RIDERS
ON ENGLISH TURF
Yankee Jockeys Land
Winners.
— ♦ —
Fppcial Dispatch to Tlie' Tall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 29.— At the first day oi
the Derby September meeting to-day.
Tod Sloan, the American jockey, rod..
Senateur, the winner of the race for the
Portland plate. Cardinal D was second
and Boy of Egremont third. Five horse?
ran. The betting was 11 to 8 against
Senateur.
L. Kelff, another American jockey, on
Earl King, won the Shipley Hal]
Felling plate of 200 sovereigns . for
all ages. . the . winner to be . sold
at auction. Tovaros was second
and Cydaria, on whom the American
jockey "Skeets" Martin had the mount,
finished third. Nine horses ran five fur
longs straight.
Sir Wallis Griffith's St. la, ridden by
"Skeets" Martin, ween the Peveril of the
Peak plate, a handicap of luOf) sovereigns.
Apollo v.as second and Chinook, on which
Sloan was up, was third. Fifteen horses
ran on the straight mile. The betting
was 2 to 1 against Chinook.
The race for the Champion Breeders'
Biennial Foal Stakes of 1000 sovereigns
was won by Forfarshire. Jouvi i on
which Sloan had the mount, was not
placed. Fourteen horses ran five furlongs
straight. The betting was 100 to 30
against Jouvi
..
PREPARING FOR THE
FOOTBALL SEASON
Stanford Men Confident of Putting a
Winning Team in the
Field.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 29.—
The football season is again at hand. Cap
tain Chester G. Murphy of the Stanford
football team has returned to the univer
sity from his home in Oregon looking well
and strong. Manager Fred L. Berry is
also back and has started in on his prep
arations for the. coming season. Both the
captain and the manager think that the
prospects are bright for. a winning team
this fall. Murphy, Berry and O. <'. Letter,
treasurer of the student body, held a
meeting in San Francisco this afternoon
to talk over the situation ami map out
the preliminary work.
Manager Berry said to-night: "The foot
ball prospects, I feel confident, are much
brighter than last season. Undoubtedly
the ''.'& team, if not up to the standard of
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Third day of the meeting of the Golden
Gate Fair Association, Tuesday, August 29. "Weather fine. Track fast.
FIRST RACE— Trotting, 2:16 class; purse, $1000; mile heats; two ln three.
Dr. George W. Ford's blk. f. Neerata, by Neernut by Nut ford (J. C. Brooks) 18 1
P. W. Hodges' b. h. Our Lucky, by Rajah-Dora (Hodges) 2 12
Sable Francis, br. m., by Sable Wilkes (C. Spencer) 3 2 6
Ned Thorn, b. h.. by Billy Thornhill (H. Hellman) 4 3 4
Addison, blk. g., by James Madison (E. Lafferty) 8 6 3
Mamie Riley, br. m.. by McKinney (J. TV. Donathan) 6 4 7
Daymont, b. g. by Lymont (W. Hogoboom) 7 6 5
Bonsaline, b. m., by Stamboul (R. Abies) ; 9 7 8
Shelby, b. g, by Wilkes Moor (C. Rodriguez) 5 *Dlst
Time— 2:l6, 2:1514. 2:17%.
SECOND RACE— Pacini?, 2:12 class; purse, $1000; mile heats; two In three.
P. H. Qulnn'a b. s. Arthur TV, by Wayland TV by the Grand Moor (J. Qulnn) 1 1
Beechwood. b. m.. by Sllkwood (J. Baker) '. 3 2
Deceiver, b. g., by Altamont (J. Sawyer) 2 4
* Floraclta. b. m., by Red Cloak (R. Garnsey) ; 3
Bill Frazier, blk. s., by Pricemont (TV. Frye) .*. .' 4 5
I Direct, br. 8., by Direct (C. Jeffries) 5 7
Don. b. h., by Fai rose (J. Reldy) , j g
Time— 2:ls, 2:15%.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1899.
the old '% and '97 teams, will at least give
a good account of itself. We realize that ■
we have to moot a veteran team from
across the bay, and are making all possi
ble, preparations for an interesting contest
Thanksgiving day.
"The material of the team is, for the
most part, untried in collegiate contests,
and complete reorganization of the team
will I"- necessary, so that to give with
accuracy a prospective line-up will be im
possible. Captain Murphy and 'Babe' Ben
nett will be hack at quarter and center,
respectively, while Parker and Rice will
be on the ends. The rest of the line-up is
rather uncertain.
"Our new coach. 'Burr' Chamberlain of
Harvard, will be here on September 1, and
as boon as he has looked over the mate
rial for the team at the university a bet
ter idea of our chances can be formed.
Tlie football field will be put in order im
mediately and the first practice will be
held about September 12."
BILLY OTTS DEFEATED.
San Franciscan Again Loses to Kid
Parker of Denver.
Parker of Denver.
DENVER. Aug. 29.— 8i11y Otts, the
clever lightweight from San Francisco,
again met defeat at the hands of Kid
Parker of Denver in the ninth round of
what was to have been a twenty-round
go, before the Olympic Athletic Club to
night. Otts was worn down by. the sheer
force of Parker's rushes and when, in the
ninth round, after being down three
times, taking the limit, he fell on his
knees from a stiff right hand punch in
the region of the heart, he was too weak
to come up again and. was counted out.
Otts was game to the core and several
times had the Kid badly worn from left
Jolts to the nose and chin. In the eighth
round Otts floored Parker with a stiff left
to face, The bout all through was very
fast. Bat Masterson officiated as referee.
In the preliminary Jimmy Scanlon of
Pittsburg failed to stop Billy Lewis of
Denver in ten rounds and lost the de
cision. Two thousand persons wero
present. *'; .;*;■'-, ;: '.;•,.::
.«, — —
Women Tennis Champions
Women Tennis Champions
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— Play was begun
to-day in the woman's Western Cham
pionship tennis tournament on the courts
of the Kenwood County Club, and nearly
till the matches in the first round of th£
singles were decided. The matches were
somewhat uninteresting, as the better
players were pitted against the weaker
ones, and one-sided scores resulted.
Summaries:
Singles, first round. Miss Maude Pen
nington won from Miss Abbie Fuller,
C — 2. 7—5.
Miss Mary Prime won from Miss Clara
Weed. 7—5, 4— G. 6—l.
Miss Edith E. Parker won from Miss
Sadie Ruger, 9—7, 6—3.
'Miss Carrie Neely won from Miss Char
lotte Reynell, 6—o, 6— /
Miss Mabel Lee won from Miss Mar
garet isgrig, 6—3, 6—3. *ss*ta
Miss Halite Champin won from Miss
Eleanor Deane, 6—l, 6 1.
Boxing Bouts Postponed.
The directors of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club have postponed their monthly
exhibition. The bouts which were to take
place to-night will be decided on Septem
ber 10. The additional time will permit
the boxers to perfect their preparation
for the meeting.
IDOLITA WINS
HORSE REVIEW
FUTURITY RACE
Best Time for the
Class Ever Made.
PURSE IS WORTH $20,000
♦
STANFORD ESTATE SECURES A
STANFORD ESTATE SECURES A
PORTION.
—
Palo Alto Stock Farm Among Nor
n of the Sires of the Win-
inators of the Sires of the Win-
ncr and the Second
ncr and the Second
Horse.
Horse.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DUBUQUE, lowa. Aug. 29.— Tdolita,
owned by Frank Jones of Portsmouth,
N. H., pulled down the winner's share of
the rich Horse Review stake for three
year-old trotters to-day. The little bay
walked away from her field in each of the
three heats and won hands down. The
purse was worth $20,000 and was the third ;
of a series of Futurity offerings put up by |
John C. Bauer of Chicago. To-day's race !
was the fastest three-year-old Futurity j
ever trotted. The first heat was made ln j
the following time: :33, 1:06, 1:40. 2:124.
This was the fastest of the three heats
and equaled the three-year-old record in j
a class trot made at Louisville last year.
The money was divided as follows: i
Idolita. owned by Frank Jones, $9000; j
Ecstacy, owned by H. C. McDowell of
Lexington, $4500; Rita E. owned by H. W.
Brown of Salt Lake, $2250; lima Electrite, j
owned by Henry Axell, Dallas. Tex. $1250; |
My Trick, owned by Marcus Daly of Mon
tana, $500.
The balance of the purse was divided be- |
tween the nominators of the sires of the.
winner and the second horse. Of thi:/
amount the estate of Senator Stanford
secured $2000.
Idolita, the favorite in the betting, was
never in danger of losing the race. He led i
all the way in the first heat. Coming
down the stretch Ecstacy challenged the i
leader, but broke fifty feet from the wire '
and lost what looked like a chance for the
first honors of the heat. Crystalline
broke at the start and, with Longan. was
distanced.
In the second heat Ecstacy broke again,
this time at the quarter. Idolita went out \
to the front and took the ground easily.
There was a hard struggle from the half
pole to the wire between Rita E and
Daly's colt, My Trick, for second place.
The Montana colt closed up a gap of
twenty lengths and came in only a halt
length behind Rita E. This heat was
slow, in 2:14#.
Again in the third heat Idolita cut out !
the pace. Ecstacy broke at the half, but |
caught her gait and came down the |
stretch neck and neck with Rita E, and
this time beat the latter to the wire by
a nose in a furious drive. Oracle Onward
was a close fourth, with the others well ,
up. The time of this heat was :33M., 1:06%,
1:39, 2:14.
The 2:20 pace, worth $3*900, was easy
money for the favorite, Robert Fitzslm
mons. In the third heat Arbutaskan
challenged Shade On at the last turn for
second money. They closed up a gap of
twenty lengths on Fitzsimmons and
Shade On nosed out Becond prize. They ■,
forced Robert to do this heat in 2:o&}i,
which he did with great ease.
The first heat of the third race, the i
Central stake of $3000 for 2:12 class trot
ters, furnished the prettiest race of the ]
meeting. Coming into the stretch the
field was well bunched, with Copeland,
the favorite, on the pole. At the last
turn Altoka and Humboldt Maid pulled
out of the bunch, followed by Aragon K.
The three raced down the stretch side.
by side and finished noses apart. The
three remaining heats went to Sir Charles
in slow time. Copeland broke continu
ally and was unable to get inside the
money. Mr. Spellman gave the crowd a
sensation In the third heat by pulling out
of the bunch at the half and setting a
clipping pace well into the stretch, where
Sir Charles headed him and took down
the purse. , ,
To-day's weather was nearly perfect for
racing, perhaps a trifle too warm. In the
neighborhood of 15,000 people saw the con
tests. Summaries:
The Horse Review Futurity, three-year-old
trotters; purse $20,000.
Idolita, b. <*•. by Monaco-Edith (Marsh). ..l 1 1
Ecstacy, by Baron W'llkes-Ethel Wynn
(C. Marvin) 2 8 2
Rita E, a. t. ' by Ashland Wilkes-Mollie
Medium (B. Kenny) 6 2 8
Irma Electrite, b. f. by Electrite-Anthem
(Nelson) 3 4 5
My Trick, br. c. by Milroi-Electric (Joe
Rhea) •••• 5 3 6
Oracle Onward, eh. f. by Onward-Grace
V (C. Beachy) • <6 4
X L's Brother, b. t. (Milan) 4 5 8
Carbine, gr. g. (Starr) "V 8 7 7
Crystalline, b. f. (Stout) Distanced
Bed Arthur, b. c. (Cunningham) Distanced ;
Miriam Logan, br. 1. (West) Distanced
Kellar, b. c. (Williams) Withdrawn
Time 2:12% — 2:14*4— 2:14.
"The Maple Leaf"; purse $3000; 2:20 pace-
Bob Fitzslmmons won In straight heats. Time,
2:10— 2:09 V-2:ofcy4. Shade On second, Arbutas
kan third". Rhea J also started.
The "Central": purse $3000: 2:12 purse—
Charles won second, third and fourth heats.
Time, 2:13%— -:l-'j. Alto X won first
heat In 2:ITV> and was second, Araeo third.
Humboldt Maid. Pbllonides, Dr. Spellman,
Vender and Cooeland also started.
CORBETT TO FIGHT
EITHER JEFF OR TOM
Agreement Made Whereby He Will
Meet the Winner of the Forth-
coming Big Event.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29. -James J. Corbett
will be given another chance to win back
the title of champion pugilist of the world.
which he lost to Bob Fitzslmmons in Car
son City two years ago. The former cham
pion will be matched to fight the winner
of the Jeffries-Sharkey battle in October.
This was agreed upon at a meeting to
day between Corbett, "Tom" O'Rourke
(representing Sharkey) and William A.
Brady. The only condition imposed upon
Corbett was that he post a forfeit of $1000
as a guarantee of good faith as soon as
all arrangements for the Sharkey-Jeffries
fight are completed. This Corbett has
agreed to do. Corbett says that the rest
he has enjoyed for several months has
done him a lot of good and his health is
better now than it has been for some time.
Sharkey will begin training to-morrow
for his contest with Jeffries. He has
chosen New Dorp, Staten Island, for his
preparatory work. Sharkey will be trained
by Herrick of Providence, R. I. Herrick
will devote part of his time to sparring
with Sharkey, with the Idea of making the
sailor pugilist fast and clever with his
hands. , ':-.-:
Bids for the big battle will close with
"Mattie" Clune at the Vanderbilt Hotel
on Friday.
Twenty-Round Bout To-Nig-ht.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Great interest is
manifest in the twenty-round bout to take
place at the Acme Club's headquarters
to-morrow night between Phil Green and
Billy Haled, Both are clever men and
some excellent sport is expected.
Getting Ready for the Pair.
Meh are working night and day at the
Mechanics' Pavilion this week j preparing
for the opening of the Mechanics' Fair
next Saturday night. The exhibits on the
main floor and in the gallery will all be
in place by that evening and the Filipino
and California Indian villages will be
ready for inspection. The ring for the
Filipino performers in the gallery has
been finished, tne inaugural exercises on
Saturday night will be brief and will con
sist principally of the opening addresses
of Mayor James D. Pheian and President
E. A. Denicke of the Mechanics' Institute.
BURLINGAME
PREPARES FOR
ITS DORSE SHOW
♦
On September Eighth
On September Eighth
and Ninth.
FORTY CLASSES TO BE SHOWN
» ... .
EFFORTS TO DUPLICATE THE
SUCCESS OF LAST YEAR.
♦
The Exhibition Does Much to Elevate
the Standard of Carriage
Horses, Ponies and
Horses, Ponies and
Equipages.
Equipages.
The second annual open-air horse show
of the Burllngame County Club will be
held on the club, grounds on September
8 and 9. The rules of the Horse Show
Association of the Pacific Coast will
govern. The prizes will be blue, red and
white ribbons with valuable cups for the
specials. Entries are not restricted to
members, but are open to all who may
wish to avail of the opportunity of ex
hibiting their horses.
In all there are forty classes, Including
roadsters, harness horses, "appointment"
classes, tandems, four-in-hands. Includ
ing the best pony team, road team and
park team. All four-in-hand teams that
have won blue ribbons at previous Cali
fornia shows are barred. The wheelers of
the first prize winning teams will, how
ever, be eligible to be shown in this ciass,
cither as wheelers with novices in the
lead or as leaders with novices ln the
wheel.
There are two classes for ponies, three
for saddle horses, including one for
lady's saddle horse fifteen hands or..over.
There are two classes for ponies and one
for polo ponies. The entries in the latter
are to be ridden at the bending poles,
handiness, to count 50 per cent; con
formation and soundness, 50 per cent.
There are six sub-divisions of the jump
ing class. The "leppers" always give a
touch of sensationalism to the show, af
fording the ladies an opportunity to cry
out at some daring performance, and
when the jump Is well done to applaud
horse and rider for their cleverness.
. The driving competitions will include
the best performance of an amateur in
driving a tandem and a four-in-hand
among obstacles and a special class for
professional reinsmen. A number of the
classes are given over to California-bred
horses. All must be shown before appro
priate vehicles. r , - M ,
The committee having the affair in
charge is made up of George Aimer New
hall (chairman), John Parrott, Joseph B.
Crockett, F. J. Carolan, Walter S. Ho
bart, Henry J. Crocker and George A.
Pope. Major J. L. Rathbone is president
of the club and A. B. Ford secretary.
Entries will close with Chairman
George A. Newhall, 309 Sansome street,
on Friday of this week. Entry blanks
and other Information may be secured
upon application to Mr. Newhall.
DONLIN LOSES A GAME.
Washington Team Defeats the Per-
fectos by Several Runs.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
[ Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
I Brooklyn ....75 35 .682 Chicago 67 67 .500
! Boston ......70 42 .62.V Pittsburg ...56 57 .496
i Philadelphia 71 44 .617; New York. ..51 61 .455
1 Baltimore ...66 43 .406- Louisville ...49 62 .441
! Cincinnati ..62 43 .564lWashlngtn .39 73 .**&
St Louis... 63 54 .538 Cleveland ...19 98 .162
ST. LOOTS, Auk. 29— Donlin's wildness was
responsible for the loss of to-day's game. He !
failed to fill the bill as a twirler, but slaugh
tered the ball whenever he stepped to the plate.
Dlneen was hit hard, but he was invincible in
spots. Attendance COO. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E
PL Louis , I 13 5
Washington ". 12 4
Batteries— Tower and Criger: Dlneen
and Roach. Umpires— Manassau. and Connolly.
CHICAGO, Aug. After having been
ptmnded for twenty-four bases yesterday, Get
tig went in again to-day and held the Orphans
down to seveii hits. Garvin pitched equally
well, but his efforts were useless on account
of miserable support. Van Hal tren' batting
and a great catch by Lange were the features.
Attendance 900. Score:
* Clubs- R. H. E.
Chicago 2 7 6
New York 6 9*3
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue; Gettlg and
Wilson. Umpires— and McDonald.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 29.— Phillies
batted out a victory in the last half of the
ninth Inning. Three out of the first four bat.
ters made hits. Attendance 1100. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Louisville : t- 11 E3
Philadelphia :.. 8 13 4
Batteries— Wood and Zlmmer; Piatt and Mc-
Farland. Umpires— Em sile and Dwyer.
?7-Z:y.. * • i *
PITTSBURG, Aug. 29.— Brooklyn outplayed
Pittsburg at every point. Attendance 2000.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. B,
■ Clubs— • R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 R 5
Brooklyn 6 10 3
Batteries— Leever and Schriver: Me.Tames and
Farrell. Umpires Gaffney and Latham.
CINCINNATI, Aug. 29.— Reds made a
strong rally in the ninth, but. could not quite
reach. A hit batsman, two errors, a single and
a triple netted four runs, but the Orioles had
five. Kltson easily outpltched Hawley. Sheck-
ard and P*itz were put out of the game for
kicking. Attendance 1250. Score:
Clubs— ' '•■'- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 4 1
Baltimore '..- 5 12 3
Batteries— Hawley, Peltz and TVood; Kltson
and Smith. — Swartwood and Hunt.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 29.— Boston took two
games from Cleveland with ease. The home
team In both games went -to pieces in the first
Inning arid played yellow ball. There was the
usual small attendance— Score, first game:
Clubs— ' -*'*;--■■ R- H. E.
Cleveland 13
Boston 9 11 1
Batteries— Knepper and Duncan; Nichols and
Bergen. Umpires— and McGarr.
Second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 3 12 5
Boston 11 13 2
Batteries— Colllflower and Duncan; . Meekin
and Clark. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
PROMINENT REBEKAHS.
Two of Them Pay a Visit to the Gren-
eral Relief Board of This City.
Among the visitors at the meeting of
the - Independent Order of Odd Fellows'
General Relief Board last Sunday were
Mrs. D. L. Badley, wife of Lieutenant
Badiey of Company M, First Idaho Vol
unteers, and Mrs. Stevenson, wife of the
chaplain of the same regiment. The ladies
are members of Rebekah lodges and they
are here to await the arrival of their hus
bands, who are expected on the trans
port Grant. Lieutenant Badley is past
grand master of the State of Idaho; also
grand representative to the Sovereign
Grand Lodge. He came to this city with
his regiment as sergeant major and for
meritorious conduct in the war in the
Philippines was promoted to first lieuten
ant. The local lodges of Odd Fellows will
tender these two soliders, who are mem
bers of the order, a reception shortly af
ter their arrival. Both of the ladies
named were called upon by. H. H. Dob
bins, president of the board, and each re
sponded in a feeling manner. Another
prominent visitor at the meeting was B.
L. Denehie. president of the San Jose
Board of Relief. :-'..
NEWSBOYS WANTED— To sell the
Wasp of this week, out. to-day. Twenty
pages of up-to-date pictures of day and
night scenes of the' great volunteer
.parade. " . *.•*.••
PREPARING FOR
ADMISSION DAY
Plans of the Natives at
Santa Cruz.
— —
BIG PARADE EXPECTED
— ♦ —
MANY PARLORS WILL TURN
OUT IN UNIFORM.
Naval Reserve Will Give a Grand
Ball on the Evening That
the Delegates Ar-
the Delegates Ar-
rive. ; j
rive.
——*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 29.— The time for
the Admission Day celebration ap
proaches and the activities Increase in
making arrangements for this grand
event and the Venetian Carnival, to be
held at the same time. The Native Sons
and the Native Daughters of this city
are a busy people.
William Lemos, who has charge of the
decorations, is very busy. He has sub
mitted plans for the queens barge which
have not yet been adopted, but it prom
ises to be something rich and novel and
will be a surprise. At his studio all is
bustle. He has about finished the thirty
two large bear flags which are to float
from flagstaffs in the rear of the carnival
tribunes.
He is busy painting the design •to be
placed on the Laurel street arch. It is
to be a large scene, the center a painting
of the seal of California. On one side
is. representative of 1849, an old-fashioned
prairie schooner crossing the plains,
drawn by oxen; on the other side is a
representation of 1599. In th's picture in
stead of the prairie schooner is the lo
comotive which takes its place and is
crossing the plains. :•.:,•;
Above this scene on the arch are to be.
placed the national and bear flags; below
are to be graceful folds and festoons of
bunting and lines of Japanese, lanterns,
which are to be extended a distance of
about six hundred feet from the arch to
the entrance of the carnival grounds.
Sheriff Besse, the grand marshal, is
daily receiving answers. to the communi
cations he has sent to the various parlors
throughout the State, and from the an
swers received the celebration is to be
a big success.
Among the parlors to attend in a body
are the three parlors from San Jose— the
Palo Alto, Observatory and San Jose
parlors of Native Sons and the Vendome
and San Jose parlors of Native Daugh
ters. The Sons are to wear uniforms and
the Daughters are to march with them.
Piedmont of Oakland will turn out 100
strong with a band, and the most elegant
banner on the coast. The uniforms will
be striking. One-third of the members will
wear red, another white and the other
third blue hats; white duck coat, vest and
trousers, a soft shirt and red, white and
blue ties. They will all carry Japanese
parasols. Their headquarters is to be at
the Court House. The Oakland Parlor
will also appear in uniform and with a
band.
El Dorado Parlor of San Francisco
will be in uniform and be accompanied by
a drum corps. Its headquarters will be in
the Paciflc Ocean House.
Precita No. IS7 of San Francisco is to
hold forth at the Knights of Pythias hall
and will be in uniform and in the parade.
The Nationals are to be here with their
celebrated drum corps.
Sequoia No. 160 will be in uniform.
Headquarters at Old De Lamater Hall.
Bay City No. 104 of San Francisco In
uniform.
Alcalde No. 154 in uniform. Headquar
ters are at the Arion Hall.
Niantic Parlor in uniform. Headquar
ters at the Duncan House.
Yerba Buena at St. George Hotel.
Stanford Parlor of San Francisco, with
a band. Headquarters at the St. George.
The members of California No. 1 of San
Francisco are to wear duck trousers, a
leather belt and a sraw hat. Their head
quarters will be at the lower Masonic'
Hall. _ ■_ * * *•* ; ••:-■■ 2;;**y;
Alameda No. 47, in uniform, as will be
Halcyon No. 146 of.the same city.
Olympus No. 189 of San Francisco.
South San Francisco No. 157, In uniform.
Brooklyn No. 151 of Oakland, in uniform.
Hesperian No. 137, in uniform. It will
be accompanied by its own special band
of fifteen pieces. Headquarters are in the
Pease building.
Rincon Parlor No. 72 of San Francisco,
in uniform. Headquarters in Young Men's
Institute hall.
Pacific Parlor No. 10. Headquarters at
Pacific Ocean House.
Watsonville Parlor will attend In a body
in uniform, accompanied by a £ull brass
band.
Athens No. 195 of San Francisco. Head
quarters at the Pacific Ocean House.
Golden Gate of, San Francisco, in uni
form. Headquarters at Neary's Hall. ,
Alcatraz No. 145, In uniform. Headquar
ters at the Pacific Ocean House. *.*••• v
Marshall No. 202, the baby parlor, will
all be here with nursing bottles. Head
quarters in theStafller building.
Presidio Parlor of San Francisco. Head
quarters at 171 Paciflc avenue.
Mount Tamalpais Parlor of San Rafael.
The foregoing parlors will attend in a
body, and the following promise to be rep
resented by individual members: Sacra
mento, livermore, Calaveras, Glen Ellen
and Mount Eden of Haywards.
The Santa Cruz Native Daughters are
to have a great novelty in the parade in
the shape of a float. All the members of
the parlor, dressed in white, will be in lt.
The work on damming the river for the
carnival will be commenced on Septem
ber 3. ■ :•-,*., -•-•'
All the mall from this city at present is
being sent out In special Admission Day
and carnival envelopes, in red, white and
blue.
The Naval Reserves will participate in
the parade and will give a ball on the
night of the arrival of the delegations.
WILL LECTURE IN
A WORTHY CAUSE
Rev. Philip O'Ryan will lecture in St.
Mary's Cathedral to-morrow evening In
aid of the day homes of the Sisters of the
Holy Family. The subject of the lecture
is "Religion and Modern Science."
The worthy object for which the lecture
is given will attract' a large . audience.
The proceeds will be devoted to the main
tenance of the day homes which have
been established by the Holy Family
Sisters throughout the city. "in these
homes the children of poor parents who
have to labor during the day are cared
for. The little ones are consigned to the
Sisters at early morning, who exercise a
tender care over them during the , day.
In each home there are class and work
rooms and refectory, and the little ones
are educated, fed and trained to sew.
There are four such institutions con
ducted by the Sisters with about 700 chil
dren. These homes are supported by
charity and the only public appeal made
Is on the occasion of the annual lecture.
Tickets of admission may. be had at the
cathedral on Thursday evening.
Mission to Entertain.
A delegation of public spirited citizens
of the West Mission district are perfect-
ing arrangements to entertain those mem
bers of returned California Volunteers
who are residents of the district: The en
tertainment will take place Saturday
evening at Mannerbund Hall. It is the
wish of the committee that every member
of the regiment who resides ifi the district
submit his name to any member of the
following committee, in order that invita
tions may, be mailed to themselves and
their friends: Fred Rasmussen. chair-
man; Thomas Hoey, George Guthrie T
L. Cannon, Mrs. Ogle, Mrs. Sieberst, Mrs'
* Bancroft, Mrs. Rasmussen, Miss Skill-
inger. Miss O'Brien and Mrs. George
; Guthrie. ' .
Already the following names have been
received: Thomas' O'Brien, Company M-
Louis Meyer, Company X; Patrick Duffy'
Company M; Henry Becker, Company M;
Harry Skillinger, Company B; Charles
Wiseman, Company I, and Fred Suleinc
Company G. *"
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Edition to your friends.
Death of a Pioneer.
VANCOUVER, B. C Aug. 29 -John
Campbell, a pioneer "of New West m£
ster, died to-day from blood p^lsontnjr
veloped by paring a corn, po,Bon,n» de-
MURDERED FOR
HER PURSE BY
UNKNOWN MEN
- »
Death of Pretty Naomi
Baker.
WAS ASSAULTED AND ROBBED
— • —
PASSED AWAY UNATTENDED BY
FRIENDS.
*»- —
In Resisting the Attack of Her Brutal
In Resisting the Attack of Her Brutal
Assailants She Is Knocked
Down and Terribly
Beaten.
♦
♦ -
Mrs. Naomi Baker, aged 21 years, died
in the City and County Hospital Sunday
afternoon from injuries received by being
brutally assaulted by three men, for
whom Captain Bohen and his men are
now searching. The assault occurred
about three weeks ago.
The unfortunate woman had been visit
ing a friend, and shortly before midnight
she started for her home, on Stevenson .
street. When within a short distance of
her house she was accosted by three men,
one of whom demanded her purse. .- Be
coming alarmed she started to scream for
the police, when the ruffians attacked her.
After knocking her down they repeatedly
kicked her and then robbed her of her
purse, containing $3.
A young man named Fred Murray hap
pened to see her lying on the sidewalk,
and at her request he took her to a lodg
ing-house at 42 Turk street. As her condi
tion became serious Murray induced her
to go with him to the City and County .
Hospital, where she was placed in the' fe
male ward. =:i "-'£*/'>•
Sunday she passed away, and as she was
without friends or money her remains
were Interred in a pauper's grave.
The day on which she died Captain Bo
hen received a letter from Thomas Baker,
who lives at Oxnard, Ventura County,
asking him to find Mrs. Naomi Baker,
who was supposed to be in the city. . Ho
described her as being an attractive look
ing woman of 21 years. The writer bald
that she left her home at Oxnard, but did
not state whether he was her husband or
some close relative. The head of the de
tective department turned the letter over
to Detective Bohen, with Instructions to
do all in his power to find the missing
woman. Last evening the police were in
formed that Mrs. Baker had died in the
City and County Hospital and that her
body had been interred in a pauper's
grave. ' i'x^. -*y yXXZZ 'ZX. ;'*':'-«--
As soon as it became known that the
unfortunate woman had died presumably
from the effects of the beating she had
received, Captain Bohen detailed two of
his best men to arrest her assailant.
Subsequent inquiry by them developed the
fact that three men. who were suspected
of having assaulted her, were arrested by
Police Officer Peterson, but as they satis
fied the police of their Innocence, the
were not detained. . ;,-;.*
The detectives who are working on the
case have been instructed to rearrest
the men, as it is believed that they can
throw some light on the tragedy.
Ben Bekowlch, a tailor, .who lives on
Folsom street, above Fifth, was arrested
shortly before midnight last night by
Policeman Peterson and locked up in the
tanks pending an investigation.
Bekowlch was one of the three men
who was suspected of having assaulted
Mrs. Baker. When questioned the pris
oner stated that he knew nothing of the
details of the affair and he. did not know
the names of the other two men.
To Send Cubans Home.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 29.— Is under
stood that the United States Consul' at
Gibraltar will advance the funds neces
sary to send to Cuba the twenty Cubans
who were released by Spain from the
penal colony at Ceuta and are now in a
penniless condition at' Gibraltar.
Dependable Drugs
Fragrant
Perfumes
Sweet, lasting fragrance comes
from good perfumes.
Good taste desires delicacy
of odor.
Everlasting' scents for few
cents here.
Roger & Gallet's
The well known imported per-
fumes priced in the following list
are put up in 1 J ounce bottles. '
Peau d'Espagne, $ .90
Violette de Panne, .75 y..
Heliotrope Blanc, 1.00
Celtis, 1.25
Al Iris Blanc, 1.00
Marechal Neil, . 1.25 -..
Indian Hay, x.25
Opoponox, 1. 00
Chypre, 1.00
Bouquet dcs Amours,* 1.00
Vere Violette, 1.00
I'J Delcis, 1.00
. Reynal's
We are the only druggists on this
coast selling Reynal's Imported
French Perfumes. We consider it
the best imported perfume. 'v -
Jockey Club, 75c '
Violet, 75c
White Rose, 75c
Crab Apple, 75c
Peau d'Espagne, 75c
Lilas Blanc, 75c
Grecian Violet, 8 sc, $1.50, $3
Fancy bottles, neatly labeled
and packed in purple imita-
tion leather box, 1 J oz., 2 oz.
and 4 oz.
Reynal'sToiletWater, 500,$
Violette in purple bottles,
purple trimming. Small and
large size.
Lesley's
The following domestic perfumes
made in New York, are sold in _-
oz.. 1 oz., 2 oz. and, 4 oz. bottles:
Violette de Italic, Chypre,
Frangipanni, Lilas de Persia,
. Lilly of the Valley, New
Mown Hay, Opoponox, Pat-
chouli, d'Espagne, White
Rose.
i oz. 25c, 1 07. 40c
*oz. 75c, 4 oz. 51.25
2-OZ. 75c, 4 OZ. $1.25
Lesley'sToiletWater,4oc,7sc
Violette de Italic, 4 oz. and
8 oz. sizes.
IpiwS
'■■■Jf' v£a\ I*l. Soutlj-356. -;,
m Q2A t»i. south ise.
I mawTl Tbl.nSn 30». XZZy.LOVE AFFAIR OF THE
LATE THOMAS CARTER
Results in a Suit Being Brought
Against His Estate,
The Dead Millionaire Promised to Leave
Miss Mollie Redmond $10,000 in His
Will and Failed to Keep
His Word,
f ♦•♦-♦.♦. ♦ £_+_fr_+_s_»_£
ONE of the most novel suits ever
brought in California was filed witn
ONE of the most novel suits ever
brought in California was filed witn
the County Clerk to-day. On its
face it is simply the case of a
woman seeking to recover $10,000
from a dead millionaire's .estate under a
contract, but in reality It is the finale of
a breach of promise suit that at one time
promised to be very sensational. The mat-;
ter was settled at the time, but now the j
whole story is to be told in court. The
promised litigation will be over a portion
of the wealth left by Thomas Carter, the
millionaire car builder of Newark, Ala-
meda County, and the progress of the
case will develop the only love affair of a
hot-headed, passionate couple. Twice
during his lifetime was Carter sued by his
lady love for breach of promise and twice
he compromised. Now that he is dead the
lawsuit has descended to his heirs and
they have no compunction about fighting
the claim to a finish.
Thomas Carter had not a large circle of
personal friends, hut the firm name of
Carter Bros, is known from Maine to
Florida. All the cars of the Central and
Southern Pacific railroads and those used
on nearly every street car line in Califor
nia. Oregon and Washington were built
by them. John and Martin Carter at-
tended to the workshop and Thomas, as
the head of the house, attended to all the
outside business. He was interest i with
the late Senator Fair and A. E. I 'avis in
the building of the Santa Cruz narrow
gauge line and was also in a number of
ventures with the late Senator Stanford.
All his speculations turned out well and
when he died Thomas Carter's estate was
valued at "over a million.'"
Thomas Carter never cared about the !
society of women, but about fifteen years j
ago lie met Miss "Mollie" Redmond; a
handsome brunette and was at once taken
captive by her charms. They became
warm friends, and it is alleged that 1
Carter proposed - marriage. Then sud
denly the lovers made a discovery.
Each of them had a most violent
temper. After a stormy scene they
parted "never to meet again" as they ;
both said. Before a week was ..'it Carter I
was back again suing for forgiveness.
It went on In this way for years. First j
there would be an outbreak and then they j
would kiss and make it up again. On
every occasion Carter would vow that if
he couldn't marry "Mollle" Redmond he i
would never marry anybody. He kept his ]
vow and died a bachelor.
One day several years ago the lovers I
NOVEL TURNS
ARE SEEN AT
THE ORPHEUM
r— SVEN with his finger of necessity
j — on the popular pulse the vaude-
l ville manager sometimes ministers
Jl s; directly to "the other half." Such
a mlnstratlon is Felix Morris, who
never fails to charm, whatever he may
choose to play. A beautiful refinement
closes about all he does, and the subtle
Intuition with which he drifts from hu
mor to pathos is ever an Interesting study.
"Night and Morning" is not so good a
sketch as others he has given us. but it
is built around the best situation in Bou-
clcault'S play and gives Mr. Morris op
portunity for good character work as
Kerry, the faithful Irish servant. Even
when a scene bids some for the melo
dramatic his emotions are never over
wrought. A gentleness of bearing makes
the young women of his company pecu
liarly fit in their parts. Apollo bounds so
gracefully on the wire and with such lis-
Bomeness and precision that I find his act
much too short. A little repetition wouid
not be ungrateful. Those who know have
aaid more than once in my hearing that
tin- managerial eye Is ever expectantly
turned upon California on the lookout for
the choice professional production. Little
Arnold Grazer and I. a Petite Hazel, two
of the State's clever children, made their
vaudeville bow early In tin week and were
successful beyond their own expectations,
perhaps. A new Idea in their mirror dance
Is the illusion of the mirrors dissolving.
for spectacle need, into transparent glass,
behind which La Petite Hazel walks as
the passing Josephine. It ls quite a clever
thought. Little Arnold is perhaps the
cleverer of the two, but the question is
debatable. The fact that the Moullere sis
tors do what they do on triple bars ls
quite a wonderful achievement, and they
really do some excellent work, but men
do that sort of thing so much better that
It seems to me a field upon which women
should not encroach. The strength need
ed for quick recovery is not apt to be in |
wiu,** feminine mtiscle, and when swinging
had a worse disagreement than any in all
the years of their engagement. All ties
were broken and they parted bitter ene
mies. The next day Miss Redmond called
upon Henry E. Highton %and the result
was a breach of promise suit for $150,000.
The rase never went into court, as Carter
compromised. A week after everything
was settled he was back in Miss Red
mond's front parlor billing and cooing as
though such a thing as a breach of prom
ise case had never beeh heard of.
Four more years passed In the same old
way. Quarreling and making it up, they
saw the months slip by until there was
another violent outbreak, and another
breach of promise suit followed. On this
-as;. en Carter called upon Henry E.
Highton and besought him to use his in
lluence with Miss Redmond to have the
case dismissed. Mr. Highton refused to
move in the matter, holding that after
the first settlement Carter was clear of
Miss Redmond and should have stayed
away. Instead of that, he went back,
like the moth to the dame, and had no
right to kick when he got singed again.
Carter then went to Miss Redmond, and
on his promising her, in the presence of
witnesses, that he would leave her fIO.OOO
in .'is will, the case was dismissed. This
Is the contract upon which Miss Redmond
is now suing Thomas Carter's estate.-
After the breach of promise ease was
out of court the couple became as great
friends as ever, and for three years they
never had a serious Quarrel. Thomas
Carter died quite suddenly. He was an
inveterate smoker and that brought on
cancer at the throat. About one year ago i
he was around California street as usual;
and after taking a drink in Collins' Willi
a party of friends, got on a car and went
out to the hospital to have an operation
performed. On Friday. August 26, 1833.
he was dead. Miss Redmond did not hear
of his death until the last moment, and
she had barely time to reach the vi dor
taker's before the coffin lid was screwed
down.
For -.'. few weeks after his death there
was no will forthcoming and Miss Ktd
mond did not know what to do Then.
William Q. Black, a nephew of the dead
millionaire, asked to be appointed special
administrator on-the ground that '.is un
el.-. Martin Carter, had the will and would
not produce it. This brought the uncle
to the front and he filed the will for pro
bate. Miss Redmond's name was not men
tioned in it, unless Carter was thinking
of her when he wrote "after the payment
of all mv lust debts."
Thomas Carter disposed of his millions
in the following manner:
"After the payment of all my just
debts and expenses of my last Illness and
funeral. I give, devise- and bequeath all
of the rest, residue and remainder of tne
property and estate, real and personal and
c.) whatever kind and wheresoever situ
ated which shall belong to me or to
which I shall be entitled at the time of
my death, in equal shares, and share and
'■bar.- alike, to mv nephews, Thomas New
ton Carter. Frank M. Carter. Leland Car
ter and Martin Carter, the four sons of
my brother, Martin Carter, now residing
in" Newark, county of Alameda. State of
California: my niece. Georgle Black,
daughter of mv deceased sister. Margaret
Black, now residing at Newark aforesaid.
and my nieces Mary and Margaret, the
two eldest daughters of my brother. John
Carter, who now reside at Buffalo. State
of New York. The two last mentioned
were born Carter, but are married and
a.' re-sent their names are not known
to me."
Martin Carter was appointed executor.
and to him Miss Redmond, through her
attorney. put in a claim for $10,000. Mar
tin Carter did not think Miss Redmond's
'aim was a Just debt and threw it out.
Hence the present suit, wh'ch is entitled
"Mary E. Redmond vs. Martin Carter.
executor of the last will and testament
of Thomas Carter, deceased."
is done out of time It makes one a little
uncomfortable and solicitous. Five times
have l seen the Caron and Herbert act,
and it has not yet lost Its Interest for me.
That clown is clever. He covered a slip
the other day with the tact of a foreign
diplomat— every one thought it was part
of the show. The illuminated sixty-mlles
an-hnur railroad train illusion makes a
good introduction for McMahon and King.
not that they need an Introduction, tor
they are unquestionably the real thing
and never scamp their work. Resides be
ing funny, the Hall and Staley act has
the virtue of originality. The realistic in
vasion of the spook to bring down the
curtair is a stroke. With the Freeze
brothers and the ever interesting bio
graph, the Ornheum Invites patron ire.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
FOUR ISSUES OF THE CALL
containing full account of Califor
nia's royal welcome to her soldier
boys and the celebration in their
honor, wrapped ready for mailing to
friends, 20 cents. Send your, order to
Call Business Office.
Pioneers to Celebrate.
The forty-ninth anniversary of the ad
mission of California into the Union will
be celebrated by the Society of California
Pioneers on September 9, by an excursion
to El Campo. The steamer Ukiah and
grounds at El Campo have been engaged
for the exclusive use of the Pioneers on
that day. The steamer will start from
the Tiburon ferry, foot of Market street.
on Saturday morning. September 9, at 10
o'clock sharp, and will leave El Campo on
her first return trip at 2:45 p. pi- to ac
commodate members living at a distance
or those who may desire to return early,
and will leave on her second and last trip
at 4:45 p. m. sharp. Blum's orchestra will
furnish the music. Dancing will be under
the direction of Robert Vandercook. floor
manager. A bugle call will give notice of
the commencement of the literary exer
cises, which will take place before lunch.
Rev. S. H. Willey will be fhe chaplain.
PHOTOGRAPHY BY NIGHT-Get the
Wasp of this week, out to-day.. See how
the great night parade of Saturday has
been reproduced. A photographic wonder.
THE SAN FUANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 30, 1899.
CASEY MAKES
A CONFESSION
TO CHIEF LEES
♦
Divulges the Names
of His Pals.
— —
EXPECTS A LIGHT SENTENCE
— • —
THE AUSTRALIAN CRCOK FIN
THE AUSTRALIAN CTRCOK FIN-
ALLY BREAKS DOWN.
♦
At the Suggestion of the Chief He
Refuses to Go on With
Habeas Corpus Pro-
. ceedings.
»
Casey, the Australian crook, who is
suspected of being one of the men who
robbed the specie room of the steamer
Alameda, has made a confession to Chief
Lees. Just whom he implicates the head
of the Police Department refuses to di-
vulge.
Casey's confession -was not unexpected
by the detectives who have been engaged
in unearthing evidence against him. Yes
terday he was taken before Judge Muras
ky on a writ of habeas corpus sworn out
by his friend. "Teddy'- Alexander. Casey
was represented by Attorney George Col
lins, who was prepared to make a hard
fight in behalf of his client. When the
hearing was called Collins announced that
he was ready to proceed, and addressing
the court started to argue the case. He
had scarcely uttered a dozen words when*
Chief Lees whispered something to Casey,
who immediately interrupted his attorney
in his flight of eloquence.
"I don't want to go on with the hear
ing," he quietly remarked to Collins.
"Have the case continued until Thurs
day." ....
Although surprised at the strange re
quest of his client. Collins made the- mo-
tion for a continuance, whicii was readily
granted. Casey was then led from tie-
courtroom by Detective Sullivan and
taken for a walk. 11.- was returned to
the prison two hours later and placed in
the "tanks."
Last evening Casey sent word to Chief
Lees that he was anxious to tell all he
knew. Detective Ellis was sent to the'
prison to get him. and he was promptly
escorted to the .eflice of the- head of the
department. They were closeted together
for over twee hours, after which Casey
was returned to his cell in the City
Prison.
When asked about Casey's confession.
Chief Lees vigorously denied that he had
"squealed."
"I don't intend to cripple myself by giv-
ing out any information about the case,"
he remarked. "We are getting along very
well with the matter and are confident
of eventually landing Howard, the arch-
conspirator, as well asp the men who
robbed the strongbox of the Alameda.
That is all 1 have to say."
From another source, however, it is
known that Casey could not longer stand
the "sweating" process and he decided to
make a clean breast of his connection with
the robbery. He first sent for Detective
Gibson, to whom he confided his intention
and asked him to inform Chief I, ees.
The fact that the latter whispered to
Casey just as the hearing of the writ of
habeas corpus was commenced and which
resulted in the matter being continued, is
: presumed to mean that Lees held out
some inducement to the prisoner, who
readily instructed his attorney to postpone
i the hearing. "Jack" Kelly, who is also
suspected of being one of the Alameda
j robbers, is still at large, but through the
confession of Casey the police now know
of his whereabouts. His arrest is ex
pected at any moment.
yesterday the detectives arrested a man
named Harris, who was with Casey when
he returned from his trip to New Orleans.
On being questioned he said he met Casey
on the train and did not know of any of
his crooked transactions. As he clearly
established his innocence he was shortly
afterward released.
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Edition to your friends.
'
PASSED AWAY IN THE
FLOWER OF HER YOUTH
MISS MARY CRAIG SPILLANE.
n ra ARY CRAIG SPILLANE, daughter of Police Captain John Spillane, died
l/\//\t suddenly at 1! o'clock Monday night at the family residence, 1202 Jones
II ).( Vy street, of septic blood poisoning, superinduced by an ulcerated tooth. The
ii iii\ l>young lady had suffered for a week previous, when her cheek became
"very much swollen, and three days ago was obliged to take to her bed. No imme
diate danger was anticipated, however, and her untimely taking off came as a ter
rible shock to her parents and her brother- Thomas G. Spillane, all of whom
were with her when she passed away.
Drs. Keeney, Shumate and Hynes did all In their power to save the young life,
but their efforts were unavailing. Vicar General Prendergast administered the
last holy rites of the Catholic Church to the dying woman and he had no sooner
uttered the concluding words of the sacrament when she closed her eyes as if in
sleep and the sad end came.
It is thought that the young lady's system had been absorbing the poison from
the ulcerated tooth ever since it was treated last February, but beyond a little
fever now and then and some restlessness at night her condition gave no cause
for alarm.
At the time of her death Miss Spillane was 23 years, of age. She was horn in
this city and educated in the Academy of the Madames of the Sacred Heart, at
Franklin and Ellis streets. She possessed an uncommon talent for music, in which
she had attained a remarkable degree of proficiency and had met with great sue-
cess as a teacher of the art. She had a fine soprano voice and displayed a re-
markable aptitude for singing. She had taken part in amateur concerts and was
at all times willing to assist in charitable affairs. She was deeply interested in
the approaching bazaar in aid of the Youths' Directory and had collected a
large sum of money in Its behalf. "• ■ •■•-
Miss Spillane was highly esteemed by a large circle of friends for her amiable
qualities and genial disposition and her death is the cause of genuine sorrow
among those who knew her. Her brother Thomas Is a popular member of the
Olympic Club and captain of the Olympic Club Wheelmen. He is employed as a
.salesman' for the firm of J. C. Wilson & Co. ■• --* .*;:- _  "
The funeral will take place from St. Mary's Church (Paullst). corner of Cali
fornia and Dupont streets, to-morrow morning at 0 o'clock, when . a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated. The remains will be placed In the receiving
vault of Calvary Cemetery, but will be ultimately buried lh Holy Cross.
MILLIONS OF CAPITAL
FOR CHINA'S TRADE
Consul Ho Vow's Gigantic Pro-
ject Under Way.
Oriental Emperor to Give Especial Trade
Privileges to ■ Americans to Prevent
Annihilation by European Powers.
One of the largest commercial and in- I
dustrial movements of the world is now
receiving the serious consideration of a
number of Chinese and American capi
talists of this city. Reference has been
made to it once or twice in the press, but
the importance of the project has never
been fully explained or generally under
stood. The proposition is the formation
of a United States and China trading com
pany, the scope of which will reach into
every branch of the industries of the
two great nations. Meetings looking to
th.- creation of such an organization are
being held here frequently, the capital
here as well as in the East and China is
becoming interested.
The flrst public notice of this movement
was issued by Ho Vow, the Consul-Gen
eral of China in this city, who sent out
a number of circulars to the commercial
bodies of this city, the East and in China.
The representative of the Flowery King
dom has always distinctly stated that his
acts in this matter were unofficial, but
for all this his broadmindedness has been
criticized by those either lenorant of his
purpose or' fearful for personal reasons.
in nis unofficial -communication Ho Vow
says:
China territorially considered, la almost a
terra incognita, vet with her comparatively un
developed resources, her 400,000,000 of popula
tion a progressive Government and a desire
to obtain all the advantages of western civili
zation, a most inviting Held is offered for
American capital, enterprise and ingenuity.
European nations have not been slow to recog
nize and take advantage of ttiese opportunities
and have Bought to obtain large territorial
concessions
The United States Government has always
maintained a passive attitude an.l has In con
sequence a material advantage that other na
tions lack. One who follows the daily trend
of events and Is conversant with the aggressive
and grasping policy of the diplomats of Eu
rope can readily realize the advantages that
may accrue to the citizens of the United
States through the liberal non-interference
policy of tins Government.
This quotation is the key to the situa
tion. a gentleman recently returned from
China states that the powers that be In
that country have recognized the neces
sity of becoming one of the recognized
civilized nations of the world— or be
chopped up territorially and parceled out
among the powers of Europe, which
means its annihilation as a nation. To
accomplish this by Its own power and re
sources is impossible, and a strong ally
Is necessary. America is China's only
hope, but the alliance must be commer
cial and not political. Ho Vow in his ad
dress refers to San Francisco as the nat
ural distributing center of the trade of
the Pacific Ocean, and "toward this point
must converge the greater part of the
trade that will eventually be developed
between China * * * and this country."
His proposition is to form a United
States and China trading company with
a capital of from live to fen million dol
lars, wth a general charter which will per
mit of the most extensive field of opera
tions, the scope of which will be deter
mined by the investors. Its purpose is to
deal as direct purchaser or agent in the
natural products or manufactured articles
of each country with a view of Introduc
ing American products into China; estab
lish branch houses in every treaty port
of China; arrange for and accept con
tracts for the construction of railways,
building of steamships, warships or other
vessels for th" Chinese Government or
private concerns; to form and promote
special syndicates, etc., and "In fact the
aim of the company shall be to take ad
vantage of each and every opportunity
that may appear to afford a profitable
outcome."
From reliable sources it is learned that
while the proposition of the Consul-Gen
eral is unofficial, it has the sanction of the
high powers of China. With this backing
such a company could secure and absorb
every franchise and concession within the
gift of the Chinese Government and the
granting of these concessions to such an
organization as contemplated would be
sufficient excuse for the Chinese Govern
ment refusing requests or demands for the
same from the grasping powers of Eu
rope With these interests vested in
America the United States would be
obliged to protect the rights of its citizens
and China knows this.
The general plan of organization is to
apportion shares in the company to mer
chants, capitalists and corporations at
various points. This would naturally pre
vent centralization of the company in any
section of the United States, but would j
make the whole nation a party to any In- j
fringement upon the interests and rights ;
held by its citizens in the Orient. It is ]
stated that the project is being advanced j
among other capitalists than those of i
San Francisco. That it is favorably con- I
sidered here is manifest by the meetings !
of some of the prominent business men of :
this community, who at present claim to
be "only discussing and talking over the
subject."
It is certain that Ho- Yow has excited
more than a passing interest, for when- |
ever there is a gathering of this sort men |
representing unlimited capital are to be
found present. So far no results have ob- j
tamed, as the Interested parties state. -
but It is certain that if the project had j
no extraordinary inducements the capital- i
ists would waste but little time with it. !
The statement has been made that the \
moneyed men here have received the as- !
surance that the Government of China ■
will back the proposed company with cap
ital and all of the power she commands. j
if they will start the ball to rolling on this
side of the Pacific Ocean.
INSURANCE MEN
FEAR THERE IS
TROUBLE AHEAD
o
Compact Regulations
Violated.
Well defined rumors of possible trouble
in the insurance compact have been caus
ing a great deal of uneasiness among the
fire underwriters. It is all over the old
question of compensation to agents. Some
of the managers claim that the rules of
the union establishing a uniform rate of
commissions are being violated and that
as a result their business is suffering.
Agents are placing their policies where
they can make the most out of them, and
the companies who are .adhering strictly
to the compact rates are unable to hold
their business.
As has been the usual case when the
union was on the verge of disruption the
trouble has started in Oakland. It is
claimed that the offending managers have
been using the plate glass and casualty
companies, that they represent as a side j
line to their regular tire business, through j
which to work extra dollars into their i
agents' pockets for their lire insurance ;
policies.
The casualty and plate glass companies \
are not members of the compact. Agents
who are allowed IS per cent commission i
under union rules have been paid a salary i
as representatives of the casualty com-
E anies. for whom they do practically no !
business. This salary of course is in i
compensation for their five insurance
business and is charged against the cas
ualty companies merely to get around the
compact provisions.
It is claimed that this method has been
employed in Oakland and throughout
Alameda County for some time. Com
plaints have been made to the compact
managers and they have promised to stop j
the practice, but the insurance managers
claim that they either have been unable
to do so or do not desire to be too strin
gent for fear of creating another rate ,
war across the bay.
The managers who have been losing
business are becoming restless and dis- !
satisfied with the condition and are *
threatening to withdraw from the com
pact if existing evils are not remedied.
The underwriters are not discussing the
matter for publication to any great > x
tent. All are willing to admit that trouble
is likely, but assert that they will exert
every effort to prevent a collapse of the
union. Under the rules a member desir
ing to withdraw must give ten days' no
tice of his intention. Statements were
made that Rolla V. Watt. Pacific Coast ;
manager of the Queen Insurance Com
pany, Was one of the dissatisfied ones and !
had concluded to present his resignation j
to the compact. When seen yesterday
afternoon Mr. Watt would not confirm the
rumor. He said:
"There is always trouble in the insur
ance business, the same as there is in any- .
other line. 1 know things are being done
that are not according to rule and to the j
Injury of those who are living up to the
compact agreement. When things reach
the point when they can no longer be
tolerated the only thing to do will be to
step out, but as yet I have not concluded
to hand in mv resignation, and any ru- '
mor to that effect is without foundation."
At any rate insurance circles are un
easy and an outbreak is looked for at al- |
most any day.
Henry George Anniversary.
The preparations for the celebration
of the sixtieth anniversary of Henry
George's birth are nearly c implete. Judge
Crosby of New York City, the orator of
the occasion, is expected to reach this
city on the overland train on Thursday
evening. He will be met on the east side
of the bay by a large delegation of single
taxers and other admirers of the late Mr.
George and escorted to his hotel here.
On Friday evening he is to be the guest
of the Press Club at the hall of that or
ganization, where there will be speech
making and other interesting exercises.
To that entertainment the general public
are Invited. On Saturday night the big
meeting will be held in Metropolitan Hall,
presided over by Stephen Potter, presi
dent of the local single tax society, with
Mr. Crosby as the speaker of the evening.
This meeting is also to be free to every
body. On Monday evening the distin
guished New York spell-binder will give
the Oakland people a taste of his elo
quence and logic. A few days later he will
proceed south and lecture In Los Angeles.
In the Divorce Court.
Julia H. Allen has been granted a di
vorce from John Allen on the ground of
willful neglect. Decrees of divorce on the
ground of desertion have been granted
Gottleib Schmierer from Josephine
Schmierer and Catherine L. Kruse from
Edward Kruse. Louis Magnier has sued
Amelle Magnier for a divorce, alleging
desertion as a cause of action. Suits for
divorce on the ground of cruelty have
been filed by Catherine E. La Blanch
against Henry La Blanch and Sarah Van
D. Hentz against George Clarence Hentz.
— ■ ♦ ■
Keith's millinery opening Sept. 1 and 2. •
THE EMPORnJM.
W y:^-m
* Crowds come to The Emporium, because the bargains *
* are here. J
» Travelle, — M, ■- ■■■■ m ■,'■■■■-■ Fall and 1
5/^^fl/ YIIF^EMPORIIIBI^II^ !
J Conjurer, mvsfmm Catalogue ;
fr dally, loto 12 ™ . OoWenflfcule ftauta.ak.l*. *| ready in 10 «
fr a.m., 2to 5 LARGEST— AMERICA'S CRAtiDEST STORE, day?. Send *
* p.m. name. 2
» " 2
fr V
* Wednesday Only. j Wednesday Only. J
* Imported Hose, 17 SI TafFeta ??.Mtr!pe J
fr - .   . _ «* o;rL *•*»-. Taffeta Silk, extra V
Ladies Import- j>/|ji^Jk^ ' d"«J» **9Gm heavy quality, in a *
.^ ed Heimsdorf -iM^Mrf^ ! very pretty line of colorings, such as J
fr Black Real /"S^lllk^'^*-' navy, pink, bluet, cerise, blue, etc., a J
fr Maco Cotton m^m_ *> (V~/ very neat sh'rt waist fabric, our reeu'ar J
* H 8?, extra WHmK /flV^ $1 quality, for this day only 690 *
* high spliced gZ£?~smm ;l' '-^ *5
J heels, double ■bßMbSw'/ *
J toes, Li Tosca /^ W ■ Wednesday Only. <
J drop stitch id. C^fi ._U W . „ .„, ,  , ... '•
J our regular 25c <?ZSgßk W_=tt LarffS Bed Sheets that *'n *
fr hose-for th;s MP *-^ Sheets 3Gc wear, well— *
fr day oniy 17 C j&ZX VnGGIS, -3¥9Gm they are for *
a. tne _n; '_. 3 i^^""^ double beds (size 81x90 inches), nicely 'tf
fr D, irs for' oro 50C hemmed, made from a superior heavy- J
fr plirs for 50C hemmed, mide from a superior heavy- J
* Underwear' and Hosiery- weight unbleached sheeting that will be J
* Second Section from Entrance. snow white after a few laundennzs —
* — — special this day only, each 36c «
fr Wednesday Only. — *
& Bureau Iri3h Point Effect white Wednesday Only. *
» *-*•** &*■•« Cambric Bureau Scarfs, , r v
J SCarlSm size 18x54 inches, both Popular Another of our eagerly
fr borders alike, elaborate open-work de- WU§ufiSg_ 9QGm »'atched-for *
* siens recularly 60c each— this day mUSHC, -GUG. sales of new- «
J signs, reB*l"*^ 446 est Sheet Music-the pieces listed for . *
fr on """ thii day only s^ll regularly for 35c. ♦
fr i/^ti "My Josephine" 20c *
& WpAlieSdaV On'V "Vm GolnK to Telegraph My Baby". .2oC ♦
J CC «*r»Ol*»r viw . "'Mid the Green Fields of Virginia". *
* * mmt-tmmmf-9 **_>__»_*> "°ne Nl^ht in June"... 20c «
* LUOln S -SOtSp^ "Songs the Soldiers Sang" 21>«' J
* -mr~^--^i'^-'^^. Tk„ ,v.»»^ "La Bouton March" 20c »
& The three ..My Molly Dear" 20c "*
jb V^^A^"^^^fcrtfi^^^sfc^\. 8?Z63 Ol iDO y1 ».,.,.■■■■ 1.,, . wl
t lf^^^^^ SavfiPneer- Wednesday Only. %
S (T^^^^ Wednesday Only. %
i tTonti House-Furnishing |
* cial Ba,e to' Specials Te-Daym J
* x^ fifl^'ls cial Bale t0 Specials To-Day m J
J \^y*^M#^ day only at Extra ■> y— •<>
* "■*.'. -;.!,':," "-.•;-. a little more heavy y<£r 4*
? thin half price per cake. j gray _- „,,',, ■_ s*"iz£r^ *
J Regularly 40c 60c 75c | enamel fSSBS^^ *
fr Special at ...... 29 G 38c 54 C pry Pan, "**i^:-^ —^ , J
* I with long handles, medium size, regnlar'y *
J Wednesday Only. \ 26c each— for this day only 150
fr Drapery Jh9b;g,Btor?no/n| <C^S -^xMk^t^ J
T _, "- **^ fers to-day 1000 — :- -- ■ ■■/ _"■'■„ 'A
J Uenimeitem yards of th^l^c *
fr quality of Figured Denimettes for drap- Imported French Kitchen Knives, 7- <*
fr cry and ail kinds of home decorations! inch blade, black ebony hau'le with ■<•
■* 35 inchis wide, Persian patterns in 5 bras- ferrule, regularly 40c each— for *
* colorings — special, por yard Qo this day only 23c J
fr " *
* Last day of the Sugar Safe. Until closing time J
i to-night, 21 Ibs Fine Granulated Sugar for $I°° «
* J
t U\ro transaction complete in this store until customer is *
* satisfied. *>
. jg»io*lt*,**tAift6*Art^*-iyA»*U*A*^AAA^**liA*A***i»^x
SCHOOL BOARD
TO DEAL WITH
A BIG DEFICIT
June Bills Cannot Be
Liquidated.
The annual report of Superintendent
Webster, which is rapidly nearing com
pletion, will present an interesting array
of School Department figures and fin
ances. It will show to a cent the deficit
left by the last board as an heritage to
the present and will lay before the mer
chant and teacher creditors 'of the depart
ment a concise balance %sheet for the
fiscal year ending June '3o, 1899.
The deficit that faced the board on that
date amounted to $215,182 39. Of this
amount $203,775 10 was handed down by
the last board. The balance, amounting
to $6407 29, represents the unpaid labor
and supply claims of June of this year.
The deficit is made up of unpaid teach
ers' salaries for November and .December
of 1898. amounting to $179,346 90; janitors*
salaries unpaid, $10,054 20; rents unpaid,
$1677; unpaid demands June 30, 1899,
$6407 29; due merchants June 30, lv-'.*.
$23,696 Total. $215,182 39. The unpaid items
for June, 1809, are barred from payment
by a constitutional inhibition which pro
vides thai the liabilities of one fiscal year
may not be paid out of the revenues of
the ensuing fiscal term.
The financial table as it will appear in
the report is as follows:
RECEIPTS.
Mission High School, balance $53,004 71
State apportionment SJ'fS 55
City taxes and other sources 5.0, 34
Total $1,228,213 45
EXPENDITURES. \
Teachers' salaries ,I'lf!'Si ?5
Teachers' salaries $1,1-c'sl4- in
Janitors' salaries JJ.ibb M
Office salaries iS? i?
&"!f??.i ::::::::::::::::::::::::::: m» m
Books (indigent pupils) f,305 22
Bookfl (indigent pupils) 2,305 22
Stationery *•<** «
Printing : 3,644 50
Furniture 23.411 14
General supplies .. ."SH in
Lights •*• i'?in«
Repairs • "-"» *
Permanent improvements *°*S2 11
Telegraph an.l telephone « 6a
Pestace »4 00
rußLdhc
PuVl 4.264 68
Apparatus "ci,-
Water ."
Legal expenses ";6 60
Census 6-gJ *
Advertising £" g
Incidentals *f» «
Laboratory supplies ,15
Cooking supplies so.
Manual training '9'""
Board of Examination 400 00
Mission High School 61,9.0 35
Institute expenses .. UO CO
Miscellaneous demands (of November
and December) 74.921 99
Unpaid demands of June, 1899 6.407 29
Total $1,513.39-. Sl
Receipts $1,298,213 45
Deficit $215,182 33
GENERAL STATISTICS.
1898. 1599.
Estimated population ." 310.000 342.000
Children under 17 98,091 98.36»
Children- between 5 and 17.. 76.236 75,292'
Value of school sites $3,293,200 $3,293.2%
Value of school buildings... 1.770,104 1,900,001
Value of school furniture.. 335,320 350.000
Value of school libraries... 13,780 12,000
Value t.f school appan^s.. 62.335 65.000
Total $5,474,379 $5,620,200
"RIGOLETTO" AT THE
TIVOLI APPLAUDED
Barron Berthald, Ella Prossnitz and
William Mertens in the Lead-
ing Boles.
"Rlgoletto" being written ln what may
be called the popular vein, attracts, of
THE EMPORIUM.
course, large houses, and the applause is
very frequent and spontaneous. There is
much room for dramatic action, and
hence the trio consisting of Barron Ber-
thald. Mary Linck and Klla Prossnitz has
ample opportunity to display its dramatic
temperament, of which it possesses a con
siderable quantity. To appreciate fully
the excellent rendition of the waltz song
in the last aCt by Mr. Berthald. it should
not be forgotten that this melody has
been played so often that, like the inter-
mezzo from "Cavalleria Rusticana," it
becomes tiresome unless delivered with a
refinement that flatters the educated mus
ical connoisseur. That Mr. Berthald sue-
ceeded in giving an ideal recital of this
dainty bit of composition was manifested
by the vigorous applause accorded him.
Another artist who fulfilled her task
nobly was Miss Ella Prossnitz, whose
resonant dramatic soprano had various
chances to show its strength and fine
training. The feature of the opera, how
ever, was the quartet in the last act. It
was sung with excellent taste, contained
all the fervor which the composer infused
in it. and the tout ensemble was without
' a flaw. The chorus was somewhat ragged
at times, but another performance will
easily remedy this defect. The orchestra
also needs a little more' polish. The
mounting was imbued with that pains-
taking regard to detail that characterizes
all of George Lask's work. Once more at-
I tention is called to the grand quartet in
l the last act, in which Ella Prossnitz,
! Mary Linck. Barron Berthald and Wil
; liam Mertens participated. This evening
i "La Glaconda" will be repeated.
ALFRED METZGER.
Complete flies of The Call contain
ing- accounts of the welcome home to
| our heroes can be obtained at Call
I Business Oflice. Send a copy to your
: Eastern friends.
Mr. Heyneman to Wed.
j Otto Heyneman, Chief Lees' .private sec
| retary, is shortly to become a benedick.
Yesterday he modestly announced 'to sev-
I eral of his warmest friends that he is en
] gaged to marry Miss Florence Brldgman,
a charming young woman of many accom-
I plishments. Mr. Heyneman has a host of
i friends who wish him success in the yen
; ture.
BEST IN
THE WORLD !
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S
ELECTRIC BELT.
THE ELECTRIC BODY BELT. BY WHICH
I apply my new method of treatment, is
the best in" the world; strongest, most durable,
most expensively made, most convenient to use.
most effective in curing. Upon these points I
will guarantee it upon a bond of $5000.
With all this an electric belt can do no good
without knowledge of how to apply it. This is
my method. learned in the past twenty years.
in which I have cured 50.000 cases: I give
every patient the benefit of my experience,
hence the many cures after everything else
has failed.
You feel the current at once. NO BURNING
OR BLISTERING, but a gentle, soothing cur-
rent. My Belt has chamois covered electrodes
and is warranted one year, without any ex-
pense for renewals.
Call and see it, or write for book, free.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Market St., cor. Kearny, S. F. ; Burdick
Block, cor. Spring and Second Sts., Loa An-
geles. ---1, *;...'
Offlce Hour.— a. m. to 8:30 p. m. : Sunday*.
10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUO STORE*.
56
WEDNESDAY AUGUST 30, 18991
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ,
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. J 5 CENTS PER WEEK.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, {"• cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILT CALL (including Sunday Call), one year ffl.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). I months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... I.GO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <*B« -
SUNDAY CALL One Tear 1-BO
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-<X>
All postmasters are authorized to re*eelv.- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNEBB.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building.
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CARLTON.....'. Herald Squara
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS dR 29 Tribune BuUding
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sberman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel]
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWB STANDS.
Waldorf 'Hotel; A. Brentano, 11 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. *
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
<**!, L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clocK-
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet '
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2513
Mission street, open until 9. o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty- j
second and KentucKy streets, open until 9 o'clocK*
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The New Dominion."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "lngomar." i
Grand Opera-house — "Paul Jones."
Tivoli— 'La Glaconda,"
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater-— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Buti Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Golden Gate Agricultural District No. I— Races to-day.
Alhambra Theater — Benefit to John W. Slade, Saturday
evening. S-u>tember 2. .
California State Fair. Sacramento— September 4 to 16.
Mechanics- Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit, Saturday night, September 2.
AUCTION ' SALES.
By A W. louderback — Wednesday, . August 30. at 2:30
o'clock. Persian and Turkish line****, at 117 Sutter street.
By S. Watkins— Thursday, f August 31, at 11 o'clock. Horse;-,
at ceirner Tentli and Errant streets. -.*.•
_
THE CANAL AND THE SHIPPING BILL.
1 .! . .1
SINCE it has become virtually assured that the
Nicaragua canal bill and the bill for the pro-
motion of American shipping will be made ad-
ministration measures at the coming session of Con-
gress, the Bom opposition to them has been more
determined and more active than ever. It is recog
nized the issues can no longer be defeated by dil
atory tactics, and accordingly the opponents of the
two great movements are rallying their forces tor
1 C 1 ' -
the final contest.
The Philadelphia Record denounces both bills as
"dubious schemes for looting the treasury," and pro-
■■■■-■■■ '.* * - i i
ceeds to argue that the commerce of the country Ins
no need for either an isthmian canal or an enlarged
merchant marine. It says: "Statements have been
recently sent by telegraph from Washington setting
forth the value of the west coast trade of South
America, which we must go thousands of miles out
of our way 'around the Horn' to participate in fee-
lack of an isthmian short cut; and also setting forth
..the hundreds of millions of dollars yearly lost tee the
country in freights paid to the ships of other na-
nations which monopolize our foreign carrying
trade. It is intended by such advance statements to
create a favorable public opinion."
Having thus set up as the arguments for the canal
and the shipping bill what it doubtless regarded as a
flimsy cobweb, the Record proceeded to sweep it
airily away. There is no intervening isthmus to in-
terrupt our trade with the Gulf and the Atlantic
ports of South America, it says, and yet we do not
get the bulk of the trade of those ports. It draws
therefrom the conclusion that if our Eastern
States had, through the canal, an open waterway
to the Pacific ports of South America, they would
r.ot be more successful in obtaining trade there.
The statements are unquestionably true. An open
waterway is of no use to commerce unless there be
ships to traverse it. We lose the trade of South
America because our ship-owners cannot compete
with the subsidized ships of European nations. The
shipping bill is therefore as necessary as the canal
bill, but the. Record will not tolerate that self-evident
conclusion from its own statements. It says: "Since
our foreign carrying trade is done so cheaply by for-
eigners that American shippers cannot undertake it
without loss (necessitating the payment of subsidies),
we are benefited, not injured. Our shippers get full
value in the service rendered for all the money it
costs. Why, then, should subsidies br granted in
order to make good .losses to be unnecessarily in-
curred in unprofitable business ventures?"
The answer to that question is that foreigners do
not carry our commerce for us more cheaply than we
could carry it for ourselves, and, moreover, the for-
eign ship-owner and merchant are more intent in de-
veloping the trade of their, own country than in pro-
moting ours. The swift upbuilding of German com-
merce and of German industries by the operation of
subsidized ocean vessels is a striking proof of what
can be effected for the welfare of a nation by that
policy. Before the grant of liberal aid to German
vessels the empire had but a comparatively small for-
eign commerce and was never dreamed of as a rival
to the British. Xow Germany is not only a rival of
Great Britain in the trade of South America, but is
actually competing in the British colonies and in the
Orient, where Great Britain had once almost a
monopoly of the foreign trade.
According to Senator Frye the United States are
now paying to foreigners $100,000 a day for carrying
our commerce. It would surely be better to keep that
money at home. If the Record will study the situa
. tion it will perceive that the canal bill and the ship-
ping bill are something more than administration
measures. They are popular measures. The needs of
the country require them, and the people demand
them.
The official call for the great pow-wow on trusts,
which will soon be held in Chicago, declares the pur
pose of the convention to be "educational." It would
seem that the people of the United States were al
ready "overeducated" on the subject.
LET US HAVE FACTS.
THE Portland Oregonian is the ablest Western
advocate imperialism and militarism. It is a
paper of such ability that it can afford to argue
its case from the substantial and everlasting
basis of truth and facts. It is therefore
more noticeable than in a weaker paper when
it avoids facts and substitutes imagination or
invention. The American people are willing to make
war and continue it at the order of their Government.
They will so continue the war in the Philippines un-
til they as the masters of their own Government
choose to command it to cease the pushing of an ad-
venture after they choose to see in it neither honor
nor profit.
The Oregonian's latest statement of its case is based
on this imaginary foundation: "We did not go *.o
the Philippines for the purpose of dealing with the
insurgents or of helping them to gain their freedom.
We went there to strike at Spain, with whom we were
at war. The insurgents rendered us no real assistance
in the capture of Manila and the expulsion of Spain,
for they were then, as now, too weak and cowardly
to stand and fight. No people that possesses so little
fighting quality can establish or maintain national in-
dependence."
The North China Herald, published in Shanghai, in
its issue of January 16, 1809, prints a lecture given in
that city on January 12 by Hon. John Bar-
rett, who is one of the most active coad
jutors of the Oregonian in advocating im
perialism and the conquest of the Philippines.
In that lecture Mr. Barrett said: "For Aguinaldo and
his supporters I am free to say 1 have some re-
spect and much sympathy. Having known him and
most of his officers well, and watched him during a
li ng period that has elapsed since I saw him put
aboard of a dispatch boat in Hongkong last May, by
permission of Admiral Dewey and Consul General ;
Wildman, for the- direct purpose of going to Cavite to ,
organize an army and temporary government, and :
make war on the Spaniards in co-operation with the
American forces, it is impossible to condemn him
without reserve, as so many have done. He organized
an army out of nothing, which developed into a force
of 30,000 men. armed with modern rifles. He captured
all the Spanish garrisons on Luzon outside Manila,
so that when the Americans were ready to proceed
against that city they were not delayed and troubled
by a country campaign. Moreover, he has organized
a government which has practically administered the
affairs of that island since the American occupation
of Manila, which was certainly better than the former
administration by Spain. He has organized a Cabi-
net and Congress, 2nd has among his advisers men
of acknowledged ability as international lawyers.
while his supporters include most of the prominent
educated and wealthy natives, all of which proves pos- j
sibilities of self-government that we must consider."
An officer in Dewey's fleet writes on January 31 of
this year: "Aguinaldo landed at Cavite on May 20,
1898. He created a native army in a short time and
immediately commenced to win victories. These were
at the time to us astonishing, for he defeated detach--!
ment after detachment of the Spanish army, took fort
after fort, captured regiments with arms and ammu- i
nition, and in a little time he had captured every
Spanish soldier on the island of Luzon, or had driven
those not captured' into Manila. Time and again I
have witnessed whole battalions of Spanish soldiers
marched as prisoners into San Rogue. Before
August 13 these insurgents had actually captured the
whole of Luzon, except Manila, from the Spaniards.
After taking all of Luzon, with the exception named,
they conquered the Spanish, in the island of Negros I
and also in Cebu, and before we reached Iloilo they
had that city and the whole island of Panay, on which
it is situated. These places are, after Luzon, the most
important in the archipelago. More remarkable to
me than Aguinaldo's military actions, which every- .
where have been uniformly and tremendously success
ful, has been the organization which he has perfected
throughout these islands, which now governs and
Miles them, except in Manila and Cavite. I have
visited his government at Malolos, and when meeting
and talking with these well-dressed, courteous people,
with their intelligent faces, the idea that they were
savages passed from my mind forever, and I have
since looked upon them as a people who should be
consulted when their fate and interests are at stake." :
Now either this officer, who wrote from Iloilo only
four days before hostilities began, tells the truth or he
lies. That he tells the truth is known by the Ore- 1
gonian and by everybody else. Why, then, base a
position on the untrue statement made by that paper? j
Why not admit the historical fact of the conquest of
the three islands by the Filipinos, with the unimpor- ;
tant exception of Manila and Cavite?
The American people are not traitors for wanting
facts and not fiction as the basis of their action, and
in the end it will go harder with policies and their
advocates who urge a certain course upon statements
that are not true.
- ' ..— i. ,..» .mm /'
When the Russians sought at the Peace Conference
to protect private property at sea they probably did
not anticipate that Russians would soon be caught
confiscating private property on land. The guns of
a British gunboat on Chinese waters proved eloquent
pleaders the other day for the sanctity of private
rights.
THE LAW'S DELAYS.
THE National Bar Association is in session in
Buffalo. Its president, Mr. Joseph Choate, is
absent at his duty as Embassador to the Court
of St. James.
He sent to the meeting an address, in which he said:
"The law's delays, wdiich seem constantly on the in-
crease, may well engage the earnest attention of the
association, and no opportunity should be lost to
counteract the inevitable tendency to elaborate pro
cedure and unnecessarily multiplied appeals, which
cause a large proportion of these delays."
Mr. Choate has -truck at the root of disorders which
are not only causing a less respect for the body of
the law but are rousing a feeling of discontent with
the courts. In the older States, especially in New
England, the law and the courts are held in the high-
est esteem, because the delays in administering civil
and criminal justice arc less there than in the newer
■--■'---. -. '.■■
or less organized conditions of junior States.
The appalling increase in mob vengeance and in
horrible lynching! originates in popular impatience
with the slow progress of judicial justice. It is wrong
to attack the courts except as a part of the bar. Courts
must hear appeals. They must entertain an applica
tion for a dilatory -writ,, and. though they promptly '
deny it. an appeal lies from their judgment in denial, |
and the purpose of delay is accomplished. In cases
of homicide the enlargement of the list of pleas in
defense is responsible for the modern slowness of jus
tice, which wears out patience and replaces it with
popular and awful passion, leading to mob violence.
Beginning with the first plea made in an American
court, of temporary or emotional insanity, to escape
: punishment for homicide, which occurred in the case
of the killing of Key by Daniel E. Sickles, there has
grown up an elaborate system for the protection of
THE SAX FE Ay CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST , 30, 189 ft.
murderers, which has crowded our jails with that class
of law-breakers, who, by the mistaken mercy of the
law, survive their victims for years, and in a high per-
centage of cases escape punishment altogether. It is
possible now to get a judicial inquiry running back
to the remote ancestry of a murderer to find an
hereditary tendency to sporadic insanity. In cases, by
no means few, this search for purely imaginary taint
involves the long delay necessary to climb the family
tree in other countries, to find some gibbering and
tongue-chewing relative who is supposed to have
transmitted, from epilepsy or cretinism or atrophy cf
the thyroid gland, a homicidal tendency to a third or
fourth generation. Other means of delay are fur-
nished by the modern practices of the bar. Under
our duality of government, the radix of certain rights
being in the Federal constitution, the habit of going
to the Supreme Court of the United States upon some
constitutional question has more recently become the
means of evading justice to the slayers of men. It
may be said for the great body of the bar that these
devices are most generally resorted to by minor prac
titioners, who are apt to use a celebrated murder
case, that stays long in the newspapers, as a means of
self-advertising. To deal with such parasites of the
profession is the duty of bar associations, and the
inspiration may well come from the National Asso
ciation.
Mob violence is the odium of the United States.
In Europe its frequency and its horrible details have
given rise to a popular belief that we do not live
I under a government of law. Our large and old
! cities have not been exempt from it. A few years
. ago the jail and courthouse in Cincinnati were nearly
' wrecked by a mob which desired to clean out "mur
■ derers' row," filled with slayers who were mocking
; at the gallows. The lynching of the Italians in New
Orleans, and of a negro in Washington City, add to
the impression that there is no law. The Federal
! Government has paid a half million of dollars in the
; last ten years to other Governments as indemnity for
'■ the murder of their subjects by American mobs.
! Lynching has its origin in disrespect for the law.
Wherein those who administer the law are responsible
■■ for this disrespect there must be reform. The next
; step must be the prompt punishment of the mobs
; which break the law by substituting their acts for the
■■ action of the courts.
These are subjects that should enlist the immediate
' attention of the bar in its national, State and local
\ organizations. Members of the judiciary feel keenly
j the position in which they are placed, and will hail
: the reform which will permit a. prompt judicial final-
ity, beyond which there is no appeal nor oppor
tunity for delay in the enforcement of judgment. Of
j course the law intends that a man on trial for his life
i must have ample opportunity for defence. Anything
less than this would be inhuman. He is arraigned
■ with the legal presumption of innocence, and his
j guilt must be proved. But this need not require
i years to do. His opportunity is ample between com-
mitment and preliminary examination and the dcci-
sion of the trial jury. When the case has been re-
viewed on one appeal to the court of last resort his
1 opportunity has been ample, and the rights of so
-1 ciety are entitled to enforcement.
Washington authorities are disposed to allow trade
! concessions in the Philippines to remain as they were
during Spain's dominion. There are several other
things in connection with the islands that Uncle Sam
\ would like to see as they were before the battle of
Manila Bay. • ■
♦
Several ambitious Peruvian spirits started a revolu
tion the other day, and now they are in jail. They
say the insurrection was only a farce, anyway. They
may entertain a different opinion of the affair after
-
the Government officials play their parts.
A QUESTION OF EVIDENCE.
LORD RUSSELL, Chief Justice of Great
Britain, is quoted as having said re-
cently that while he would not under
take to pronounce judgment on the Dreyfus
case or criticize the courts of another nation, yet
so far as he had read it there had been no testimony
against Dreyfus sufficient, when judged by rules of
evidence prevailing in Great Britain, to warrant an
English magistrate in holding him for trial. In other
words, the great mass of testimony taken by the
French courts woi/d be ruled out in British courts
as utterly inadmissible, and that which remained
would be dismissed as inadequate to sustain the
charge.
It is probable a similar declaration would be made
by almost any eminent lawyer in America as well as
in Great Britain who should be asked for his opinion
on the subject. The witnesses who have been heard
during the trial at Rennes have' in almost every case
stated opinions rather than facts. Hardly a single
one of them has testified to any material point in the
case as a matter of his own knowledge. Many of
them have declared they believe Dreyfus to be guilty,
but when cross-questioned it has turned out the be
lief is a so-called "moral conviction" rather than a
conclusion drawn from facts of assured knowledge.
Nearly all the positive evidence in the case sub
mitted by the prosecution has turned out to be either
perjury or forgery. Up to this time no less than
eleven documents involved in the case have been de
nounced as forgeries, and in some instances the
forgers, like Esterhazy and Colonel Henry, have ad
mitted the forgery. In the face of such disclosures
as these it is still permitted under French law for a
man to go upon the witness-stand and swear to his
conviction that Dreyfus is guilty, and to add that the
conviction is based upon- a belief in the authenticity of
these discredited documents.
About the one and onh. argument of the prosecu
tion is that somebody sold the secrets of the French
army and that Dreyfus is the only man who could
have done it. "If Dreyfus be not guilty, then who
is?" That is the question the prosecution asks and
which its witnesses repeat. Evidence such as would
be admissible under American or British law has not
been forthcoming at any stage of the proceedings.
■ ie— m— miMuiiiiii lamTa—^
The local murderer, who shot a man and a woman
The local murderer, who shot a man and a woman
to death because he was firmly convinced that they
were worthless, might sympathize with the opinion
that the hangman could, advantageously to the rest
of us, finish the job.
, — «
An Italian anarchist has reached New York and
An Italian anarchist has reached New York 'and
says he intends to remain three months organizing
clubs of anarchists. He will probably find a head
quarters in the Tombs.
+.
William Jennings Bryan intends to dignify the
William. Jennings Bryan intends to dignify the
solitudes of the Yosemite with his presence. And we
were congratulating ourselves that we were not in
the windy belt.
China seems to be an outcast of the family of na-
China seems to be an outcast of the family of na
tions. Her brow-beating relatives, so the latest dis
patches indicate, will not even permit her to mind her
own business.
After the feast comes the nightmare and after the
reception week comes the municipal campaign.
HOBBY UPON HOBBY.
Democracy's Grand Entry on the Campaign of 1900.
COMPLIMENTS FOR THE CALL'S SOUVENIR EDITION.
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: Kindly send me two copies of the
"Souvenir Edition of The Call,, of last Thursday. It seems to me
remarkable that you should be able to so pioture the whole wonderful
scene. I remain, yours truly,
jj : EXTRA EDITION jl
I "CALL" I -
I souvenir!
'
• I Owing to the great demand
• I Owing to the great demand J
I for the Souvenir Edition, it be- j
I ! came necessary to run off |
a j another issue of this great a
8 paper. Agents, newsdealers 8
V- and the public, in general can ▼
now procure any number I
of these papers by placing
their orders at Call Business J
j&^ Office. j^fdM
■
THE CALL'S SOUVENIR EDITION
PRAISED BY THE PRESS
• Woodland .Democrat.
. For the first time on the Pacific Coast the San Francisco - Call utilized the
wireless telegraphy to announce the arival of the transport Sherman, having
on board the First California Volunteers. /The Call's test was probably the
most successful application of wireless telegraphy ever made in the United
States. Lightship No. 70 is anchored outside of the' Golden Gate. Sensitive
Instruments were put aboard of this ship. in charge of a competent electrician.
Like Instruments were put in the basement of the Cliff House. In the sending
station at the lightship was a Ruhmkorff coil, which transmitted the waves from
the electric dynamo* on the lightship. The Morse characters were made by
the opening and closing of an ordinary telegraph key. This charged an aerial
wire which was suspended eighty-two feet in a vertical direction from the top-
mast of the lightship. Electric waves were pulsated through the air and were
received through a coherer from a similar wire suspended from the top of the
Cliff House at the receiving station. This coherer -actuated the Morse relay,
which in turn worked the ink-writing register, making the characters on the
tape. The Call's achievement was a remarkable one. No doubt it cost a big
sum of money, but Mr. Spreckels see-ins determined to spare neither labor nor
expense in his efforts to put The Call in the front rank of journalism.
San Diego Union.
The arrival of the First California volunteers afforded the San Francisco Call
an opportunity to score two remarkabie journalistic triumphs. The first of
these was a souvenir edition which for elegance in design and illustration and
general excellence has never been surpassed. The second was a novelty of en
terprise, which will go on record as one of the great "scoops" of progressive
American journalism. To obtain the first tidings of the expected troopship The
Call had recourse to that latest marvel of nineteenth century invention the
wireless telegraph. The task of employing this new appliance of telegraphy, yet
in its Infancy, involved no little labor and painstaking. The result was a bril
liant success, and The Call was first to announce the coming of the vessel and
the incidents of the voyage. The feat is the more remarkable because this Is
the first time that wireless telegraphy has been employed by a journal to ob-
tain news several hours sooner than it could have been secured by any other
means.
The Call completely wiped out the Examiner by the excellence of its illus
trations of the parade in celebration of the return of California's heroes. The
Examiner attributed Its failure to the breakdown of its press. This is not so
It was the breakdown of its talent. The Call Is absorbing the best artists in
the city, and is rapidly becoming famed for the beauty and merit of its illustra
tions. Willie is beaten at his own game.
The San Francisco Call's souvenir edition in honor of the returning volun
teers was ene of the handsomest, most appropriate and entertaining newspapers
ever published by that or any other newspaper house of the Pacific Coast.
Sacramento Bee.
The Call certainly eclipsed all its cotemporaries in its issue of Thursday
gotten out in honor of the returning California Volunteers.
Jack-In-the-Box Gage.
Windsor Herald.
So Governor Gage has at last announced
that he will be on hand in San Francisco
and will participate in the reception of the
returning California volunteers. Gage has
—New Tork Tribune.
MILLS ALAMH>A CO. CAL,
PRESIDENTS OFFICE,
Wasp.
Redding Free Press.
been a sort of Jack-in-the-box for Dan
Burns ever since his inception into offlce,
and he is not building up a very brilliant
and satisfactory record as a consequence.
PleasantoTTTimes. ' ;
Our misfit Governor refuses to declare a
legal holiday the day on which the people
of the State will welcome the returning
California boys. He gives numerous lame
excuses, but none of. them will be accept
ed by the citizens of this great common
wealth. If he gave more attention to his
official business and less to landing Dan
Burns in the United States Senate and
other sawtlS'U? *epr»'.vtfita*i.ve« ,t,o. I*Lpp
rtions no ad&bVaMeeal * holiday *woud
have been declared. His term of office, to
date has been full of disappointments to
the people, and they have learned to ex
pect just such things from Gage.
Success of the Naval Parade.
Oakland Tribune.
San Francisco Bay has never presented
a more charming spectacle than when the
Sherman and the escort fleet entered the
harbor yesterday afternoon. The yachts
an.l excursion boats were a mass of glow
hie color, and the success of the arrange
ments is a big feather in the cap of Com
modore John D. Spreckels, who managed
the water pageant.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
"W. R. Forman of Antioch is staying at
the Grand.
H. A. Jastro, a leading banker of Bak
ersfleld, is at the Grand.
W. C. Good, a prominent attorney of
Santa Rosa, is at the Lick.
J. Finlayson, a prominent business man
of Ross Valley, is at the Grand.
L. D. Jacks, a well-known merchant of
Santa Rosa, is a guest at the Grand.
W. H. Clary, a well-known mining man
of Stockton, is registered at the Lick.
E. Gest, a well-known railroad official
of Nevada, is a guest at the California,
John M. Streinlng, proprietor of a big
cannery in Santa Rosa, is a guest at the
Grand.
Frank "W. Griffin, a mining superinten
dent of Oroville, is staying at the Cali
fornia.
William Palmtag, a prominent mer-
AUGUST 28, 1899.
chant of Hollister, Is registered at the
California.
H. Wrightson, one of the biggest vln
yardists ln Napa County, ls staying at the
California.
E. L. Heller, a well-known merchant of
New York, accompanied by his wife and
children.^are registered at the Palace.
A. J. Brander, a heavy dealer in guano,
arrived from Cllpperton Islands a few
days ago and Is now registered at' the
Occidental.
Mrs. M. A. Wilcox and her daughter,
Mrs. M. W. Longstreet, and Alfred H.
Wilcox, prominent society people of Los
Angeles, are staying at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, Aug. 29.— E. Hopkins
of San Francisco is at the Holland. Sam
N. Rucker of San Jose is at the Hoffman.
A. R. Patrick of San Francisco is at the
Imperial. Mrs. A. A. "Waterhouse of San
Francisco Is at the Westminster. The
following San Franciscans sailed to-day
on the North German Lloyd line steam
ship Saale for Europe: Mrs. Gretchen
Meyer, Misses Adele and Dora Meyer and
Master Herman Meyer.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— W. E. Pleck
er of San Francisco is at the Metropoli
tan. J. A. Whitacre and wife of San
Francisco are at the Raleigh.
■ ♦ »
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LANGUAGE OF STAMPS— C. R., City.
For the language of stamps see Answers
to Correspondents, July 9, 1899, the last in
the published list of answers.
PRISON DIRECTORS— C. C., City.
The Board of State Prison Directors meet
at San Quentin on the second Saturday
of each month. The Governor is not a
director of the board.
THE SHERlDAN— Subscriber, City. It
having been reported that the transport
Sheridan left Manila on the Ilth of Au
gust, she ought to reach this port about
the 9th or 10th of September.
NOTATlON— Subscriber, City. The dec
imal system for computing superseded the
old style numerals, and was adopted be
cause of being much more simple and
comprehensive than the numerals.
THEATERS— City. If you will
go to the reference room of the Free Pub
lic Library and call for the World Al
manac for 1899, you will, in that book, on
page 4SI, find a list of all the theaters and
opera houses in Manhattan and Bronx
boroughs, which include New' York City,
together with the name of the manager
of each.
"CERITAS"— H. W. W., City. There is
neither in Latin nor Spanish any such
word as "ceritas." The nearest is "cer
ites," which is Spanish for "a war stone"
or "yellow agate." There is also the word
"cerastes" from the Greek, which is used
to designate the horned snake. It was
used by Milton in Paradise Lost, X, 525
in 1665. ;
EUCHRE— H., Soquel, Cal. In a
four-handed game of euchre A and B
partners play against C and D. C deals
and turns trumps. All pass. C turns down
trump and B names it. In such a case A
cannot play alone against C and D. If A
should take up or name the trump and
play alone against C or D, and the one
playing against A should take three tricks
it would count one point for C and I), If
A should take but three tricks it would
count but one for his side.
■ ♦ »
Keith's new pattern hats, 80S Market. *
Keith's new pattern hats, SOS Market. *
. ♦ .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
*» » ■ i.-'-'-X;
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ ■
Chinatown Squad's Eecord.
The splendid record of Sergeant Dono
van and his squad in Chinatown was
shown from a report handed to Chief Lees
yesterday. From April 20, when the squad
commenced operations, until Monday
when they were relieved, they made 881
arrests, and the tines and forfeitures
amounted to $54(30.
- « ♦ » ■ — »
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup, 25c a bottle.
■ » ■
Very Low Eates East.
On August 29 and 30. the popular Sant» F«
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia acd re
turn at the very low rate of *S8 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment, G. A. R. Call at
628 Market st. for full particulars.
. — ; ■ *» *
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round trop tickets. Now only *60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' boar* at
hotel; longer stay, $2 50 per day. y Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Francis****^LONG-EXPECTED
CRUISER NEWARK
MAKES HER PORT
Ran Short of Coal
Near the Horn.
— ♦ —
COURT-MARTIALWILL BE HELD
— « —
VESSEL DELAYED TWO WEEKS
VESSEL DELAYED TWO WEEKS
BY THE BLUNDEB.
Chilean Gunboat Gave Her Coal and
Chilean Gunboat Gave Her Coal and
the Crew Were Compelled to Cut
On*? Hundred Cords of
Wood.
• . —
The United States cruiser Newark ar
rived from New York yesterday
via the Straits of Magellan. She
stopped at several places for coal,
the last being Acapulco. From
Acapulco she came to port in eight days.
Th-?re has been trouble on the warship
over the coal supply almost from the time
she • left New York. Captain Goodrich
liad one idea is to what the cruiser re
quired and Chief Engineer Moritz had
another. In consequence the supply gave
out while the Newark was in the Straits
of Magellan, and the man-of-war had to
come to an anchor while the steam launch
was sent back to procure a frtsh supply.
At Montevideo the chief engineer told the
captain there was not enough coal In the
bunkers to carry the cruiser through the
straits. The captain thought differently
and a heated argument followed. The
Newark sailed without any more fuel be
ing taken aboard in spite of the engineer's
protest. At Sandy Point the argument
was renewed, hut still no coal was pur
chased. When the Newark reached
Smyth Channel the supply, gave out and
the cruif-er was helpless. Barges laden
with coal from a Chilean cruiser were
towed to her and the bunkers were
partially filled. Over PM cords of wood
were cut and put aboard, after which the
Newark proceeded to Valparaiso.
The Newark was so long getting from
Montevideo to Valparaiso that fears were
entertained for her safety. The Secretary
of the Navy cabled t.e all the South
American ports, but after leaving Sandy
Point all trace of the cruiser was lost.
I'pon her arrival at Valparaiso the facts
of the case came out and the result will
be a coi:rt-martial as soon as the warship
reaches the navy-yard.
I: the coal supply was short in the
Straits of Magellan. it was not
short coming up the coast. T..e ,
cruiser made a splendid run from
Acanulco. coming up in eight days,
while the Mail company's steamers
usually take nine or ten. ' She came up
the harbor under a good head of steam
ami anchored in Mission Kay. about a
quarter of a mile astern of the lowa, lm
medlatel> after the anchor was down a j
boat was lowered and Captain Goodrich :
went aboard the Lowa to pay his respects |
to Rear Admiral Kautz.
The Newark la a sister ship to the San ,
Francisco, but her rig has been changed |
and her batteries Improved since the *
war began. She has two masts with
lighting tops in each of them, and she j
now has modern 6-inch guns in her main !
battery instead of the old slow fire. She {
has been remodeled throughout, and is J
now one of the finest fighting machines
of her class in Uncle Sam's navy.
The officers of the Newark «re: Captain
Goodrich; Lieutenant Commander W. I*. ]
Low. Lieutenant Commander W. G. Cut- I
ler, Lieutenants H. V. Bryan, W. V. Pratt,
J. F. Carl and G. C. Day; Surgeon A.
E. 11. Russell. Chief Engineer A. Moritz,
Captain of Marines E. R. Lounes. Pay
master P. V. Mohur, Dr. E. < '. Hunting- j
ton and Naval Cadets Elson. Boome,
CourtneyJ Tausslc. Johnson and Foorman.
She carries a crew of 350 men.
There was no salute fired from the New
ark as she entered port, as Cadet Johnson
is seriously ill. He was taken sick at
Acapulco and his condition has been crit- j
ical ever since.
The Newark was Admiral Watson's flag- j
Newark was Admiral Watson's flag-
Fhlp when th' flying squadron was formed
to make a descent on the coast of pain.
She has nearly a hundred mascots on
I her now and should be lucky forever more, j
Gne of the mascots is an Angora goat
and another is an Angora dog not more
than ten Inches long. •
NEW LINE OF STEAMERS
They Will Run Between Ham-
burg, Antwerp, London and
burg, Antwerp, London and
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
A direct line of steamers Is going to
A direct line of steamers Is going to
connect San Francisco with Europe. The
Tanis, the first of the fleet, Is now load-
fHE UNITED STATES CRUISER NEWARK MAKING PORT.
Ing at Hamburg and will leave for this
port September 16. She is expected to '
make the run in twenty-four days. Steam-
Ith are to leave every month thereafter,
md will call at Antwerp and London on
he way here. The new venture is known |
is the KosSIOS line, and J. D. Spreckels &
Bros. Co. are the local agents. The steam-
rs of the line are fine 5000-ton vessels and
ire splendidly equipped for the service.
The transport City of Puebla got away
nst night with 660 recruits for the army
n the Philippines. She will be followed
by the Warren next Friday and the bnct-
rian and Hancock next week.
The tug Sea Witch picked up an old wire
able In her wheel In Oakland Creek yes-
erdav. She had to go on the dry dock to |
lave it cut out. , , ,
The British ship Dynomene arrived from
quique with a cargo of nitrate yesterday.
On Juiv 24 she was caught in a squall and
he foretopgallant yard carried away. The
ame day she spoke the barkentine En-
ore; also from Iquique for San Francisco,
vith nitrate. „._
Captain Doran, late of the George W. ;
■Ilder, has taken command of the steamer
tnbia, on the Portland run, and Cap- >
I t In Green of the Columbia has gone north
o bring the Orizaba to San Francisco. i
The battleship Wisconsin would be all
ready for her trial trip were it not for the i
fact that the builders cannot get the con- .
ning tower from the East. While that
portion of the vessel's armament Is not
in place the steering gear cannot be put
in. and of course the vessel is helpless.
As soon as the conning tower arrives the
Wisconsin will be ready for her trial trip.
which will be Inside of a fortnight or three
weeks.
The stairways leading to the grand nave
of the new ferry depot are to have glass
swinging doors. The Harbor Commission
ers so decided yesterday. This will be a
great boon to the traveling public on a
windy day. .;/ *
Captain B. H. McCalla will relieve Cap
tain C. F. Goodrich as commander of the
Newark, the latter going 10 the lowa and
the commander of that ship retiring to
shore duty. Captain McCalla has been in
this city since Saturday last awaiting the
arrival of the long due warship. He will
assume command of the Newark on Sep
tember 1, being ordered to do so by the
ONE OF THE SOUVENIRS OF MRS. MAY PARRY'S MOST EVENTFUL TRIP TO ARIZONA.
Navy Department. The Newark's new
captain was in charge of the Marble
head during the Spanish-American war
and directed tlie efforts of that ship dur
ing its operations on the Cuban coast.
•••
WELCOME GIVEN THE
CRUISER NEWARK
j The cruiser Newark, which formed a
; portion of Rear Admiral Sampson's fleet
off Santiago, was given an enthusiastic
j welcome in this port last evening. Through
the kindness of Captain Leah the steamer
[ Caroline was .placed at the disposal of the
I Press Cub, and the members, with their
! lady friends, went out on the bay to sere
| nade the ollicers and crew ■- 1 the cruiser.
| On board of the Caroline was the Pensa
i cola band and a number of vocalists. The
! band played lively Irs, while several cx
i cellent selections were rendered by the
I vocalists, gaining hearty cheers from the
jackies. Among the- singers were: Mr.
; .and Mrs. Robert Lloyd, Mr. ami Mrs. John
I Madden, Mr. and Mrs. A. * '. 1. wis, Will
' Ham Ogilvie. Miss Lena Hochmeister,
Miss Jar.'* Easton and Miss Ann Easton.
It had been intended to Include in the
excursion a trip to the Boston, but the
vessel loft for Vallejo yesterday after-
noon.
FOUE ISSUES OF THE CALL
containing full account of Califor
nia's royal welcome to her soldier
boys and the celebration in their
honor, wrapped ready for mailing to
friends, 20 cents. Send your order to
Call Business Office.
FOUL PLAY ALLEGED.
Chinese Say That Chew Shee Was
Murdered Instead of Being
a Suicide.
A delegation of Chinamen called upon
Coroner Hill yesterday to obtain some
information regarding the death of Chew
Shee, wife of Set Bak Sing. Shee was
found dead. last Friday night strangled
with a rope made of strips of cloth. One
end of the rope was tied around the
woman's neck and the other end to a
partition wall in the woman's room at
No. 1 Waverly place.
The visitors informed the Coroner that
they believed the woman had been the
victim of foul play. They said also that
Set Bak Sing had another wife besides
the deceased, and that he treated her
most cruelly, besides beating her. They
have engaged Attorney J. D. Sullivan to
take charge of the matter. Coroner Hill
referred them to the police.
— _ ■ m *
NEWSBOYS WANTED— To sell the
Wasp of 'his week, out to-day. Twenty
passes of up-to-date pictures of day and
night scenes of the great volunteer
parade. '■
Welcome by Veterans.
The veterans of the National Guard of
the State of California will "welcome
home" those comrades who were in the
service at the Philippines at a banquet
In the Occidental on the night of Friday,
September 1.
, ■ m ■
Every home should have a copy of
Every home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
TTTE SAN IRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1899.
MRS, PARRY'S
HOT OLD TIME
IN THE SOOTH
>
She Enjoyed Herself
Shooting Craps.
— ♦ —
ALSO DRINKING WHISKY
;. »
CALLED HEESELF AN UNSO-
PHISTICATED MAID.
»
Spicy Evidence in the Parry Case
Brought Out by the Testimony
of the Sister of the
Deceased.
♦
Mrs. Parry probably never regretted
that when she started off tp visit at
Menlo she switched her plans and even
without her husband's knowledge went
down to Los Angeles and ultimately found
herself in Arizona.
Mrs. Parry's visit in the capital of the
turbulent Territory was, according to her
own story, one long, blissful dream. From
Tucson she forwarded to her sister-in-law
photographs of her dainty self arrayed in
the severe habiliments custom relegates
tee the sterner sex. On the back of the
pictures she scribbled, of her innocence,
of pleasures past and delights to come.
When she met her sister-in-law after her
return she enthusiastically explained the
merry time she had "shooting craps and
drinking whisky," capping the climax
with a frank, "in fact. I'm drunk now."
All these merry doings of the lady who
wears deep mourning tor the husband for
, whose death she stands charged with
manslaughter were told on the stand
■yesterday by Miss Mamie Parry, sister-
in-law of the defendant and sister of the
deceased.
Besides sending Miss Parry her choice
pictures and letting her into the secrets
of her stay in Arizona, Mrs. Parry also
invited the lady to "go to the hot place."
Mrs. Parry did not word her Invitation In
that way, but the witness took the lib-
erty to "adapt" it and presented it in that
: form to the court.
All this occurred on the day that Mrs
i Parry: returned from the eventful visit to
Tucson. "She called at our home." said
'. Miss Parry', "looking for my brother
Frank. She told me she was at the Pal-
ace Hotel with her maid, laying especial
stress on the maid, and asked me to call
and see her. 1 refused and then she said
1 might go to the hot place."
On the occasion of that visit Mrs. Par-
ry told her sister-in-law that she was In-
toxicated, and the witness believed her.
After the' shooting of her brother Miss
Parry saw the defendant, who explained
to her that the shooting was accidental.
"After the death of my brother." said
Miss Parry. "at May's request, I remained
for two nights with her. She slept sound-
lv through the nights. After the shooting
she was cool and collected, and the only
one who was not at all upset was her
mother, Mrs. Van Valkenberg." Miss Par-
ry was present on the occasion when her
brother's wife asked him to give her a
divorce, and he refused. She heard her
make the statement that she wanted it
and would get it. "She also told me,"
testified Miss Parry, "that Leo Hirsch-
man had offered her *500 if she would
elope with him."
Isaac Parry, father of the deceased,
was recalled by the prosecution and testi
fied that he knew of no disagreement be
tween his son and his wife until Mrs.
i Parry was known, to be in Arizona,
"Frank did not know she was in Tucson,"
said the witness, "until the time of the
I Baldwin lire, when he received a telegram
from her dated from Tucson and Inquir
■ ing whether Frank was hurt."
Mrs. Parry had also heard her ask the
deceased to give her a divorce, and had
beard him refuse. In conclusion Mr. Par
ry testified that he was not satisfied with
his son's deathbed statement that the
shooting was an accident.
Mr*. Parry, mother of the deceased, was
also on the stand, but her examination de
veloped no new facts. To her, as to the
other members of the family, Parry had
, said the shooting was an accident. In ad
-1 dition to this Frank had asked his mother
"to be good to May, and try to make her
! good."
The case will go on this morning at 11.
After the adjournment Mrs. Lyons, sis
ter of Mr. Parry, and Mrs. Van Valken
berg, sister of Miss Parry, had a heated
controversy, and the timely Interference
1 of friends prevented the controversy from
going beyond words.
Photography by Night.
The Wasp of this week ls out already
with twenty pages of halftones of the
volunteers* reception and night proces
-1 sion. The photographs of the night
scenes are very Interesting. This is a
new thing in instantaneous photography,
a branch of the art which apparently has
however made rapid strides. The City
! Hall with its illuminations is accurately
photographed; so also is the ferry build-
ing and Market street with its myriads
'of electric lights. Looking at the Wasp's
i splendid specimens of night photography,
i one wonders what new miracles will soon
■ be performed by the camera.
IMPORTANT DECISION
IN A MARINE CASE
LIABILITY OF OWNEES OF YES-
SELS FOE MASTEES' ACTS.
United States District Judge de Haven
rendered a decision yesterday morning in
the case of Frank Guttner and others of
the crew of the whaler Navarch against
the Pacific Steam Whaling Company. The
action was for damages for marine tres
pass. It is charged that in October, 1897,
"one Leavitt," master of the whaling bark
Newport, owned by the defendant, took
by force from the bark Navarch, then ice
bound in the Arctic Ocean, certain stores
and provisions.
The answer admits the taking of the
property, but denies that the libelants
were lawfully possessed of the property
or that it was taken by force, and for
a separate defense alleges that it was
necessary for the master of the bark
Newport to take the property for the use
of tne crew of the Newport and other
whaling vessels Icebound in the Arctic
Ocean at that time for the preservation
of human life.
Judge de Haven in his opinion says that
the property taken from the Navarch be
longed to the owners elf that vessel. The
libelants, however, were in lawful pos
session of ' the property at the time 'it
was taken and had a right to so continue
in possession as against every one except
the true owner. The possession thus had
was not that of servants merely, but was
sufficient to entitle the libelants to main
tain the action against the defendant,
who had not shown a letter title, if any. I
for the property so taken against their
will. It sufficiently appeared from the
evidence that the' libelants were not will- |
ing to allow the stores on the Navarch to |
be taken from their possession except i
upon receiving a receipt In order that !
the value of the property should be paid j
to the owner. No receipt was given, and
the property was taken without the con
sent of the- libelants.
Judgment was given in favor of the j
libelants for $4.'>o and costs, the value of
the property taken for the Newport. The
defendant was not responsible for prop
erty taken by Leavitt for the other ves
sels, or for acts In no manner connected
with the business to which his agency i
extended.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Three Wills Filed for Probate in the
Superior Court.
The will of Margaret Theresa Gay, who
died on the 2".ci inst., leaving property ex
ceeding $10,000 in value, was tiled for pro
bate yesterday. Decedent bequeaths $2000
to Kate Mitrovlch. $9000 to Lizzie Gay
and $1000 to Mary A. Nation of Bisbee,
Ariz. The residue Is devised to testatrix's
devisees in equal shares, "unto all her |
brothers and Bisters." Marcus Rosenthal
and Matthew Metrovich are named as ex- j
ecutors. ,x
- will of F. C. Muller. who died I
August 2'!. leaving an estate of unknown i
value, directs that Gustav Schwarzmann,
Richard Finking and. John A. Riepe take j
charge of his property, dispose of it at
public auction or private sale and give the
proceeds to his mother, Johanna W. Mul
ler. ;,
Frederick T. Henry, who died June 14.
bequeaths an estate valued at $7000 to his
widow, Susan C. Henry, and his children,
Sadie C, Louis J., Joseph M. and Celia
E. Henry.
A new and exquisite collection of
Turkish rugs has recently arrived in
San Francisco. They are the direct im
portation of Mr. Levon Babayan, of Te
heran, Persia, and constitute the choic
est collection of antique Iran, Sine,
Kurdistan, Royal Cashmere, Anatalian.
Khiva, Kiz-Kilims, Boukharas. etc..
ever shown on the Coast. They will be
sold at auction, beginning to-day, at 2
p. m., at 117 Sutter street.
WHISKY ROBBERS WANTED.
Daring Act of Two Young Men in
Broad Daylight at Greenwich
and Powell Streets.
Victor Monti, the driver of a delivery
wagon for H. Buneman, wholesale liquor
dealer on Front street, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
for the arrest of two men on the charge
of robbery. , - '**".
He was delivering two demijohns of
whisky, valued at $23, at the saloon of
Dondc'ro & Logamarsino, Greenwich and
Powell streets, Monday afternoon about
4:30 o'clock, when a young man with a
revolver in his hand stepped up to him
and, pointing it at Jiim, ordered him to.
hand over the two demijohns. There was
another young man who appeared to be
a lookout in a wagon.
Being afraid of the revolver, Monti
dropped the two demijohns, which were
promptly picked up by the young man
with the revolver aiid placed in the
wagon. Both men drove off before Monti
could sound an alarm. He says he will
be able to identify the two men.
Another Appeal for Ota.
W. H. L. Barnes appealed to United
States District Judge de Haven yester
day for another writ of habeas corpus on
behalf of- B. Ota. the Japanese who has
been ordered deported by the Immigra
tion Commissioner on the ground that he
is affected with a contagious disease.
The grounds of the application are that
Ota is a resident citizen, that he ls not
diseased and that the action of the local
Commissioner of Immigration was not af
firmed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
the lawful authority, but by some other
person. The writ was granted and made
returnable at 11 o'clock this morning.
Keith's leading millinery house for the
new walkers. SOS Market street. •
For Violating Postal Laws.
Mrs. Dr. Florence R. Gwyer, Dr. V.
Popper, the two Osgood brothers, drug
gists of Oakland, Dr. G. W. O'Donnell
and another person whose name will not
be disclosed until his arrest, have been
Indicted by the Federal Grand Jury on
complaint of the Postal Inspectors on
charges of mailing unmailable matter and
of sending similar matter through an
express company to "\\ innemucca, Nev,
Dr. Popper was arrested on the latter
charge and the other persons named were
arrested for violating the postal laws.
They were released on furnishing bonds
in the sum of $2000.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come;
You're welcome. Chronicle building, No. 61.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Louis E. Mann, viticulturlst, Santa
Clara County, $2622; no assets.
EXTRA SESSION
MAY BRING A
NEW CANDIDATE
Major McLaughlin to
Enter the Field.
A SIGNIFICANT DECLARATION
■ ♦ — —
"IF THEY WANT ME FOE SENA-
TOE, I AM BEADY."
An Early Beginning of the Contest
for Congressional Nomination
in the Third Dis
trict.
♦
Advocates of the extra session seem
to be confident that the members of the
Legislature will be called together early
in November. There is talk that the
Governor will not issue the proclama
tion until Dibble presents a document
containing the pledge of sixty-one leg
islators that the Mexican will receive
their support. The members who are
clamoring to get themselves and their
friends on the State pay roll desire that
a pledge to abide by the decision of the
caucus shall be deemed sufficient for
the calling of the special session, but
right here comes the apprehension at
executive headquarters that a majority
of the caucus may vote for a candidate
other than Burns. The Governor wants
the plain declaration in black and white
that sixty-one members will vote for
the Mexican and sixty-one members
will not sign any such pledge. As far
as can be ascertained Burns has gained
only one vote since the regular session
adjourned. Huber of Pomona is so
persistently claimed as a Burns recruit
that there is a disposition to concede to
the Mexican the gain.
In the next struggle Burns may not
have the support of the chairman of
the Republican State Central Commit
tee. The other night at a table where
liquid refreshment abounded the Maior
spoke as the wine sparkled. This sig
nificant remark is attributed to him:
"If they want me now to enter the con
test for the United States' Senatorshlp.
I am ready to get in." The utterance
implied that he was once solicited to
enter the struggle, but for reasons
known only to himself and a few of his
associates, declined then to participate
in the contest as a principal. When the
remark made by the Major was re
peated to others the question was asked
if he really meant that he would en
ter the Senatorial contest as a rival
of Burns. ,The insiders aver that the
Major meant to declare himself a can
didate if the members of the Legisla
ture wanted to vote for him at the
proposed extra session. The story is
going the rounds uncontradicted that
the Major and Dan have parted com
pany in the field of politics. The cool
ness began at Sacramento when Hervey
Lindley was called in" to patch up a
badly managed Senatorial campaign.
The election for Representative in
Congress will not take place until No
vember of next year, yet the Congress
men in office are already looking after
their fences and the outside aspirants
are planning to break in. In the Third
Congressional District the fight ls al
ready on. Henry P. Dalton is prepar
ing to contest for the nomination with
Victor Metcalf and has rallied to his
support a considerable number of fol
lowers.
There are many aspirants for Con
gressional honors in the Fifth District.
All of them note that Speaker Reed,
who so often braced up Mr. Loud, has
retired from politics for the present.
and fancy that the time is near at
hand for considering the claims of Re
publicans other than the present repre
sentative of the Fifth District.
In local circles, Sheldon G. Kellogg.
chairman of the Republican nominat
ing convention, and Jasper McDonald,
the presiding officer of the Democratic
body of delegates, are engaged in the
work of selecting committees which
they were "authorized by their respect
ive conventions to appoint. The Re
publicans are not exulting over the pro
spects of finding an acceptable can
didate for Mayor and the Democrats
are not boasting of success in finding
the best of material for the Board of
Supervisors.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE.
What Is Being Done Toward the
Preparations for the Grand Cele
bration Next October.
The executive committee of the Golden
Jubilee of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows met on Monday and received
progress reports of the several sub-com
mittees.
It was decided that the decoration com
mittee shall have power to make an elec
trical display in front of the Odd Fellows"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fLETTES to MRS. pinxiiam NO. 94.358]
"lam so grateful to you for what
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has done for me that I feel as
■__ , . though I must
j-- tell about it. A
Women year ago I was
Wouid Sure' taken very sick.
fy Try MrSm Doctorscoulu do
OSnlrham?* me no good only
pmkham s to deaden the
Medicine if pain which i
They Only had almost con"
m* ' c*J? ~ stantlv. I got
Knevj,Says some-of your
MrSm King Compound and.
■ ■ ' took one bottle
and received benefit from it at once.
I have taken it ever since and now
have no backache, no pain in my
side and my stomach and bowels are
perfectly well. 1 can honestly say that
there is nothing like it. If I could only
tell every woman how much good your
medicine- has done me, they would
surely try it."— M autua M. Kuse, Nobth
Attleboko, Mass.
The way women trifle with health
The way women trifle with health
shows a degree of indifference that is
past understanding. Happiness anduse-
f ulness depend on physical health ; so
does a good disposition. Disease makes
women nervous, irritable and snap-
pish. The very effort of ailing women
to be good-natured makes them ner-
vous. Write to Mrs. Pinkham, she will
help you to health and happiness. *»
Itcostsnothing togetMrs. Pinkham's
advice. Her address is Lynn. Mass.
■-
building on the three nights of the cele
bration. For this purpose the committee
bration. For this purpose the committee
-will secure a large number of lights that
will secure a large number of lights that
were used in the decoration of one of the
were used in the decoration of one of the
prominent buildings during the reception
prominent buildinge during the reception
of the California volunteers.
The parade committee was instructed to
send a circular of inquiry to the lodges for
send a circular of inquiry to the lodges for
the purpose of ascertaining what each
the purpose of ascertaining what each
will do in the matter of the parade, and
what special feature each will have in the
what special feature each will have In the
line. Frank D. Worth, the chairman of
the committee, stated that several of the
the committee, stated that several of the
lodges had announced that they would
lodges had announced that they would
make a good showing, but had not yet dis
make a good showing, but had no.t yet dis
closed their plans.
The Information committee reported that
it had arranged with the post-office author
ities to have a special postofflce station
for a week, that it had made arrange
for a week, that it had made arrange
ments to register all visitors, and a special
ments to register all visitors, and a special
committee wiil be on hand at all poitjts
committee wiil in- on hand at all poirjts
of arrival to give information to incoming
of arrival to give Information to incoming
strangers.
A telephone message was received from
Columbia Dcdpe. across the bay, convey-
Columbia Lodge, across the hay. convey
ing the information that the lodge had
ing the information that the lodge had
voted $50 to the jubilee fund.
Santa Clara. Centra Costa. Alameda and
Panta Clara. Contra Costa. Alameda and
Pan Mateo counties will be represented
Pan Mateo counrtes will be represented
in the parade as counties.
Mail The Call's great Souvenir
Edition to your friends.
Mission High School.
At 3:10 o'clock to-morrow afternoon, a
concert will be given at the Mission High
School, corner of Eighteenth and Dolores,
and the Misses Katie and Cinnle Balthis
anil Mrs. M. Dane will take part. The ad
mission is free, and parents of the pupils
mission is free, and pari nts of the pupils
and friends of the school are Invited to
and friends of the school are invited to
attend. The ladies named have consider
attend. The ladies named have consider
able reputation as vocalists, and the en
able reputation as vocalists, and the en
tertainment, which is under the direction
tertainment, which is under the direction
of Principal Joseph O'Connor, will be
first-class.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TETTHfNT
lieTjwT
Dp. Edison's Obesity PlHsand Re-
Dp. Edison's Obesity Piils and Re-
ducing Tablets Reduced Mrs.
Lucy-Wilson Talcott Popular in
San Francisco Society, Forty-
eight Pounds in Two Months.*
No Obesity Remedies Bnt Dr.
Edison's Reduce Fat—Take
No Substitutes.
LUCY WILSON TALCOTT.
This portrait represents Mrs. Lucy
Wilson Talcott, Nineteenth street, San
Francisco, who writes thus of the bene-
fits she derived from the use of Dr. Edi-
son's Obesity Remedies: "I grew too fat
and consequently unhealthy. My physi-
cian advised me to take Dr. Edison's
Obesity Remedies. I used the Obesity
Pills and Reducing Tablets, and in two
months I was reduced from 173 to my
normal weight, 125, a total reduction of
forty-eight pounds, and cured of old
chronic stomach troubles."
Dr. Edison's Obesity Pills and Reducing
Tablets are perfectly harmless and
strengthen and invigorate all who use
them. Dr. Edison's Reducing Tablets, $2
a box. Obesity Pills, $1 50 a bottle; 3
bottles, $I— enough for one treatment.
Sent by mail on receipt of price. Dr. Ed-
ison's Reducing Tablets and Pills, sweet,
palatchle and liAndy to take.
We send free our new edition of "HOW
TO CURE OBESITY"; fifty portraits and
numerous other illustrations. The infor-
mation it contains is invaluable. FAT
FOLKS SEND FOR IT. OUR GOODS
ARE SOLD BY DRUGGISTS.
Special Remedies for Big, Fat Men
Free advice about obesity. Write and
describe your case. We forward goods
promptly. No printing on our envelopes.
Mention department" number below on
your envelope when you write.
Department No. 136.
LORING&CO. (Ltd.ULWYo2r2kd^tty:
y^^X Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
OftfiJl <>-**> KEAIl>'7 'ST- Established
Bm", r fiS '" '***•* fer the treatment of Private
fffl I X Tgyf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
"^'tssKaS'l.S I lipase wearing on bodynnd mind and
lV__mwW__\\%_§H skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
B^ttiSSSOKls others fall. Try him. Charges low.
xTSKBaSBfaBB <'in'p«cuaraniefU. Call or writ p.
Or. J. f. -UIUBU.V. Box 1937. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
• ■ —
DON'T FORGET
DON'T FORGET
THE DATE.
MECHANICS' FAIR
PHILIPPINEO EXHIBIT
OPENS SATURDAY NiGHJ, SEPT. 2
REMEMBER
REMEMBER
THE NICHT.
Double Season Tickets $5.00
Single Admission 25c
Children - lOc
**\5 EI>T.^T°I6T»- V*
Choicest fRuiTs.WiNEs.VEGE-
-tables. Grains & Grasses
«^ OP Calif okn i |nf«gb
GTCKt S^OC^ SWtfW.
f_§Q\cji£ D\teria!r\meT\t.
y^jic j$ D\tertaii\meT\t,
EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED fm
Excursion Kates To Visitors.
Excursion Kates To Vis ito us,
FOR^ARtICUtARS#
Hter J. SHIELDS
J. SHIELDS
sSECRETARV. j>RESIOENT
*
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
AND WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In the Beautiful Drama,
INGOMAR!
15c, 25c, 5828?* 35c, 50c.
15c, 25c, RW&vsED 35c, 50c.
Next Week, Opening of the New Stock Season,
... I n/.;---
- JR.
SEATS NOW READY.
peats now ready.
Vrf^fclla » Batista tx^7l*
ALL THIS WEEK. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
; ALL THIS WEEK, !Ne-I.ri>lXi-, SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR, CLAY CLEMENT
In his artistic production of the
idyllic comedy,
THE NEW DOMINION.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
| CLAY CLEMENT presents a superb revival of
the psychological romance,
"THE BELLS."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
CALIFORNIA NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). AUG. 30
Parquet, 2.rec, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY
IN REPERTOIRE.
MOULIERE SISTERS,
ARNOLD GRAZER and
LA PETITE HAZEL,
APOLLO. ■
CARON and HERBERT.
HALL and STALEY.
FREEZE BROTHERS.
McMAHON and KING.
BIOGRAPH.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
ANOTHER GREAT TRIUMPH!
LA GIACONDA.
Wednesday, Friday, Saturday Nights.
The Superb Rendition of
RIGOLETTO!
Thursday, Sunday Nights, Sat. Matinee.
POPULAR PRICES ...23c and 60a
Telephone for Seats— 9.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Planquette's Delightful Patriotic Comic Opera.
PAUL JONES.
I The talk of the town! The success of the
city! Crowded nightly by enthusiastic
and delighted audiences.
I USUAL POPULAIfPRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c,
88c, BOe.
Best reserved seats in the theater at Satur-
day matinee, 2."c.
Extra matinee Monday next. Labor day.
Branch ticket office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK— "EL CAPITAN."
OLYMPIA.
Eddy Street/ Corner Mason.
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City,
_ This Is "FIRST CALIFORNIA" Week.
IS MAKING A BIG HIT.
ZOA ;v\ATTH£\A/S,
Z.OFK /V\/*TT HEW/S.
Will Sing Some New Coon Songs.
Bag Punching Extraordinary-
ARMSTRONG AND O'NEAL,
The Pugilistic Comedians.
IRENE VINTON,
Still a Favorite.
Last Week of BLANCHE SLOAN LeCLAIR,
Tod Sloan's Clever Sister; THE KEEP-
INGS and Numerous Others.
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE EVERB"
SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS.
MONSTER BENEFIT TO
JOHN W. SLAM,
THE HERO OF SAN PEDRO MACATI. .
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
SATURDAY EVENING. SEPTEMBER 2. 1539.
A SPECIAL SALE OF RESERVED SEATS
AND BOXES will be held at SHERMAN &
CLAY'S on MONDAY AND TUESDAY
AUGUST 2S and 29, between the hours of 10
a. m. and 4 p. m. Address all communications
to E R. MOSS, room 209, Emma Spreckels
building.
ONLY $2.00 FOR THE ROUND TRIP
BEAR IN MIND THAT THE Z
GREAT EXCURSION
TO
Monterey, Hotel Del Monte and Pacific Grove
TAKES PLACE
NEXT SUNDAY, SEF»-T. 3.
Personally conducted by MR. WILLIAM H.
MENTON, Excursion Pass. Agent, S. P. Co.
Elaborate programme of OLD-TIME SPAN-
ISH SPORTS! Expert bronco riding, lassoing
wild steers, riding a wild buffalo, bucking
horse exhibition, Indian musicians, etc.
FIVE HOURS AT THE SEASIDE!
Splendid trains of first-class coaches will
leave depot. Third and Townsend streets, at 8
a. m. -Returning, arrive San Francisco at
I 8.45 p. m.
T. H. GOODMAN, Gen. Pass. . Agent.
E. O. McCORMICK, l';>'-.;. Traffic Manager.
CONCERTS AND AESOKTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO
CHUTES_AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE SMSSS? HER LIONS.
ADGIE "BBJSBI HER LIONS-
And Moving Pictures of the
ARRIVAL OF THE SHERMAN!
I And MARCH OF THE FIRST REGIMENT LP
MARKET STREET. 1*
FAT LADIES' TUO-OF-WAR TO-MORROW
NIGHT.
Phone for Seats, Steiner 1851. ■
"golden gate agricultural
district no. I.
Races .jfeß Races
EMERYVILLE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB'S TRACK.
Aug. 20, 28, -*.'. to. M, Sept. L 2.
TWO HARNESS AND THREE RUNNING
.-... RACES EACH DAY.
Racing Begins at 2 o'clock.
ADMISSION 51.
W. M. KENT. Pres. JOS. I. DIMOND. Sec.
~"~~ &UTRO KAl'ila.
bUTRO BATH*S,
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSIN. 10c. CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25; Children, 20*3.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower. .Sterling Exchange firmer.
The harbor still bare of IV heat ships.
The harbor still bare of Wheat ships.
Wheat and Barley continue dull.
No change in Oats. Corn and Rye.
Beans and Seeds lifeless at former quotations.
Supplies of Hay still too liberal.
Grain Bags tending dozvnzvard.
Potatoes and Vegetables plentiful and weak.
Butler easy, Eggs firm and Cheese steady.
Poultry in large supply, but steady.
Fresh Fruits abundant at moderate quotations.
Pried Bruit market continues in good shape.
Provisions quiet at the old prices.
■ Hops nominal, buyers and sellers being apart.
Wool firmly held, but not very active.
Hides and Tallow firm at previous prices.
No variation in the Meat market.
Canned Bruits very firm and unchanged.
Bale Rope too high to suit the farmers.
Previous prices rule for Lumber.
Charters.
The Honoipu loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Sikh goes to Manila with troops and sup-
P The Blairgowrie loads wheat on the Sound
for Europe, 38s.
Dried Fruits in Nczv York.
Tie New York Commercial ays:
"The markets remain without feature, in
quiry being light for. all descriptions. Buy
ers are holding off. awaiting a reduction in
price, but so far holders have remained firm
and refuse to make concessions to secure bUSi-
"The movement In prunes is light. Oeca-
• in I. runes is light.
eicnal sales for one or fwo carlots are noted.
but as a rule the market is quiet. Buyers are
waiting for offerings *f Santa Claras at
, Claras at
[ili2%e lt is sal.! that there will be offerings
that figure later, and the day the change
made sales will be very large. The yield
>fs not promise to be extraordinary, and hold-
's hope no concessions will be necessary to
: ake sales..
"Opening prices on raisins are expected as
ion as President Kearney arrives on the
east, early next wfek. Meantime an active
■mand for old raisins has sprung up. and it
and it
th. .light that the present holdings, 22a cars,
ill be entirely absorbed before the new crop
ready. S.r.ie sales are being ma.ie for for-
ard. subject 't.e opening prices, but they are
but tl
■ nail and will have little or no influence on the
arkc. :■,: t_ ...
"It is said that the output of •■•aches will
• increased by the impossibility of canners
curing tins, but how much change Will be
ade in th" total output is uncertain. Trade
quiet, and imjuiry doesn't appear promis-
■:• esn't ;,p;- ar | *
g at present.
"Apricots are about sold cut and prices re
main firm. The supply of fruit was about
- about
up to the average, but shippers of the green
goods and canners paid so much more than
evaporators that the dried output will be no
1- will be no
larger than previous estimates."
Weather Report.
- — -
(12' th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Pacific Time.)
San Francisco, August -"' 5 p. m.
Eureka - Independence 90
Red Bluff 92 Angeles B8
Sacramento : 90 San Diego '_
Fresno 96 Yuma 14
San Luis Obispo — 7i
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
IONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco Data— Maximum temperature,
60: minimum. 52; mean. 56. * - '
The weather is cloudy and threatening over
and threatening over
Utah and Arizona: elsewhere on the Pacific
Slope clear weather prevails. Light showers
and thunderstorms are reported Irom •ah and
Arizona. * , . T> m
The pressure has fall.-*n along the Pacific
Coast and risen over the southern plateau
region. v . ....
The changes in temperature have been slight
l.een slight
except in Utah, where there has been a de
cide.! fall. . ,
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Wednesday and thunderstorms and
showers in Arizona and Utah. - ._
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, Ausun 20, 1899:
* *y;'*'; , . v
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
Vest wind; v,.i_v
Southern California-Fair Wednesday, brisk
west wind.
Neva, la-Fair Wednesday.
Ti-ili— Generallv cloudy • Wednesday with
EhowehrSand thunderstomis. >
\rizonu -Cloudy with showers and thunder-
* inder
storms Wednesday; cooler in south portion.
San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair Wednes
day; fresh west wind. •'•■ " WILLSoN.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29 — Prices in many prom
inent railroad stocks show losses of $1 per
share and upward as a result of the day's
trading. Thera was a disposition in the early
hours of the day to test the decline and the
effort was assisted by several strong features
in the list. But the persistent heaviness of
the railroad stocks and the manifest exhaus
tion of the buying demand discouraged the
bulls and turned the scale in ravor of the bears.
Stocks in which manipulation by pools has
been recently evident showed a conspicuous
lack of support. Conspicuous in this class was
L eulsville and Nashville, Northern Pacifle:,
Atchison preferred. Baltimore and Ohio and
Western l'nion. Several of the minor stocks
'which have been under recent manipulation
also suffered severely. Some opposition to the
early heaviness resulted from the active de
mand for the Republic Steel stocks on the
itrength of yesterday's declaration ot "a dividend
on the preferred stock and semi-official inti
mations of very large earnings available for
the common. The common advanced at one
time 2% and the preferred 4 per cent. Steel
and Wire was also marked up on predictions
that the listing committee of the Stock Ex
change was disposed to admit it to the listed
department. These two factors imparted firm
ness to the iron and steel group with the ex
ception of Tennessee Coal an.! Colorado Fuel.
In the railroad list the Chicago Great Western
stocks showed great strength, the preferred
•■]■ * rising 2 points. There was a demand for
Kansas and Texas preferred and train- showed
by Wheeling and Lake Erie and Hocking Val
ley. In the local traction stocks Brooklyn
Transit was lifted quite aggressively and Met-
Trant * ;v and Met
ropolitan Street Railway and Manhattan
showed sympathy. There came a covering
movement In Tobacco after a sharp fall and
Sugar showed strength from the same cause.
But those elements of strength were quite In
sufficient to induce a renewal of buying In the
general list on nny large scale and prices con
tinued to drift away under dribbling offerings.
The declaration of a 2 per cent semi-annual
dividend on l'nion Pacific preferred stiffened
that stock and caused a momentary check to
the downward movement, but when the bears
perceived the continued heaviness they at
tacked the market In the ate dealings, making
the closing active and weak at about the low
est. The few earlier gains were mostly wiped
nut, those remaining being largely reduced.
The weakness on foreign stock markets on
account of the acuteness of the Transvaal
crisis was an Influential factor In the day's
weakness. London's sales here were estimated
at 30,0i"K) shares, covering the entire list of In
ternational stocks. The fall of a fraction In
the actual rtites for sterling exchange in face
af this liquidation from London caused renewed
uren>=lness over the local money situation, of
wliich It was a reflection. Rates for time
money were appreciably firmer and no call
jo.in^ were made low 3 per cent.
The bond market was rather quiet and price
rlnnges were Irregular. Total sales, par
value. tl. 480.000. ..;■
United States • Government bonds were un
changed in the bid prices.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares .- - Cloying
St. oks- B'd
JXfc'rT 2W
42.7.70 Atchison prefd 65%
11.450 Baltimore & Ohio 54%
100 Canadian Pacific 96%
ien Canada Southern 64
700 Central Pacific 58
2.920 Chesapeake & Ohio 28%
5.625 Chicago Great Western 16%
4,310 Chicago, Purl I net on &- Quincy 133%
Chicago. Tnd & Louisville 9%
J Chicago, Tnd & Louisville prefd 41
.1.200 Chicago X- Pastern Illinois 89%
1.410 Chicago & Northwestern 161
I 6,880 Chicago. Rock Island ft Pacific 119% !
150 C <■ C & St Louis 66% |
401 Colorado Southern 6%
; Colorado Southern lst pre:d 47
: Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
1,600 Delaware ft Hudson 123
30") Delaware, Lack ft Western 176%
2,000 Denver ft Rio Grande 231,
1,200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76%
200 Erie 13%
300 Erie Ist prefd 38%
250 Great Northern prefd 167
'■ Hocking Coal 17%
3.335 Hocking Valley 32%
110 Illinois Central 115% .
425 lowa Central 14
1,400 lowa Central prefd 59
1,000 Kansas City. Pittsburg & Gulf 11 I
500 Lake Erie ft Western 21
200 Lake Erie ft Western prefd 79 |
Lake Shore 201%
18.375 Louisville ft Nashville 79%
10,750 Manhattan L 11l
4.260 Metropolitan Street Railway 208
1,700 Mexican Central 14%
3,200 Minneapolis ft St Louis 73%
! Minneapolis ft St Louis prefd 97%
4.700 Missouri Pacific 49% ;
1.400 Mobile ft Ohio 50
1.000 Missouri. Kansas ft Texas 13%
9.475 Missouri, Kansas ft Texas prefd — 43%
820 New Jersey Central ll* !
600 New York Central 138% i
5.070 Norfolk & Western 25% !
2.950 Norfolk & Western prefd 71%
13.2te) Northern Pacific 55%
1,458 Northern Pacific prefd 77
4,225 Ontario & Western 26%
Oregon Railway ft Nay 47%
Oregon Railway ft Nay prefd 76 I
3,05,1 Pennsylvania 135 j
SOO Reading 21% I
14.040 Read Ist prefd 61
4,665 Reading 2d prefd 33% .
100 Rio 'Jranile Western 36 |
Rio Grande Western prefd 79% •
St Louis ft San Fran 11% '
St Louis ft San Fran lst prefd 71% ;
350 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36% j
St Louts Southwestern 16%
4.27.' St Louis Southwestern prefd 37%
13.140 St Paul 133%
St Paul prefd 177.%
725 St Paul ft Omaha 114
56.560 Southern Pacific 37%
3.000 Southern Railway 12%
4,810 Southern Railway prefd 54%
1.4"0 Texas & Pacific 21%
12.160 Union Pacific 46% I
16.150 Union Pacific prefd 79%
Wabash 7%
1,000 "Wabash prefd .■ 23%
3.910 Wheeling ft Lake Erie 11%
129 Wheeling ft Lake Erie 2d prefd 28
1,000 Wisconsin Central 17%
C C C ft St Louis 77%
Express Companies—
--- Adams ComPanies- 114
122 Adams 114
70S American 156
United States 50 I
400 Wells-Fargo 132 |
Miscellaneous —
1,600 American Cotton Oil 43%
' American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
300 American Malting 16
100 American Malting pref,! 67
300 American Smelting &.R 42%
450 American Smelting ft R prefd 90%
American Spirits ■ 5%
American Spirits prefd 28
1.500 American Steel Hoop 38
400 American Steel Hoop prefd 84
6.450 American Steel ft wire 77%
1.000 American Steel ft Wire prefd 98%
1.650 American Tin Plate 93%
400 American Tin Plate prefd 90 !
64,610 American Tobacco 128%
100 American Tobacco prefd 145
2.195 Anaconda Mining Co 56
69.130 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 105%
2.100 Colorado Fuel ft Iron 49%
6.450 Continental Tobacco 4*%.
16.350 Continental Tobacco prefd 101%
1.500 Federal Steel .-,*;,
2,250 Federal Steel prefd 81%
160 General Electric 123%
Glucose Sugar 64% ;
' Glucose Sugar prefd 105 j
3.200 International Paper 34**
600 International Paper prefd 76
3,270 Laclede Gas 86%
200 Natl. Biscuit 47 % ■
300 National Biscuit prefd 98
National Lead 31%
National Lead prefd no '
1.400 National Steel 55%
200 National Steel prefd 97% :
New york Air Brake igg
2.800 North American 12%
1.000 Pacific Coast 47%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd : 85
300 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64 i
1.060 Pacific Mail 16%
2.0-.0 People's Gas 119%
320 Pressed Steel Car B9v;
72.'! Pressed Steel Car prefd 89(4
1.000 Pullman Palace Car 158
47.0 Standard Rope ft Twine 8%
14,450 Sugar 163%
Sugar prefd 119
4,500 Tennessee Coal ft Iron 95%
600 United States Leather 9%
2.400 United States leather prefd 75'&
100 United States Rubber 491*.
United States Rubber prefd 11.71.;
670 Western Union SS%
594,900 Shares sold.
594,900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 4s reg 100% M X ft T 2ds 72%
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 94%
Do 4s coup 108% N V Cen lsts 111%
Do new 4s reg 130% 1N J Cen gen 5s 121
Do new 4s c0up.. 130% N Carolina fis 129
Do old 4s reg. ...112% Do 4s 104
Do old 4s coup. No Pac lsts 113
Do 5s reg 111% Do 3s «7%
Do 6s coup.* 111% Do 4s 103%
i Dis of Col 3. 655.... 117 N V C ft S L 48..108
Ala class A 109 Nft W con 4s 96
Do class B 109 Do gen 6b 135
Do class C 103 Or Nay lsts 112%
Do Currency 102% Do 4s 102%
! Atch gen 4s 102% Or Short Line 65. .129
Do adj 4s 87% Do con 5s 113
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading Gen 45.... 88
Ches ft Ohio 4%5.. 97% R G W lsts 98
Do 5s -....119 SLft I M Con 111%
Cft N Con 7s 145 SLft S F Gen fis. l24
Do 8 F Deb 55.. 110% St Paul Con 170
: Chi Term 4s 98% S P C ft P 15t5.... 121%
Dft R G lsts 105% Do 5s 122
Do 4s 100% So Ry 5s 110
E T V ft G 15t5.... 103 . Stand R ft T fis.... S3
Erie Gen 4s 72%! Term new set 35.. 97
FWft D C lsts.. 80 Tex ft Pac lsts.... 115%
Gen Elec 5s 116 | Do 2ds 56%
IGHft 8A 6s 108 Unitn Pac 4s 105%
Do 2ds 108 Bash' lsts 115
H ft T Cen 5s 110 1 Do 2ds 101
Do Con 6s 112 West Shore 4s 113%
lowa c'en lst? 113% Wis Cen lsts 78%
K'-P ft G lsts 72%jVa Centuries 86
: I-a new con 4s 106 i Do deferred 5
L ft N Un 4s 99% c & S 4s 86
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point Ophir 100
Con Cal ft Va 1 80 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 60, Quicksilver 2 00
Gould ft curry 34 j Do prefd 800
Hale ft. Norcross.. 27 j Sierra Nevada 65
Homestake 65 00 Standard 60
Iron Silver 50 j Union Con 18
Mexican 44 i Yellow Jacket 27
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Russell of Corinth West End 95
Money— Do prefd 113
Call loans 3@*4 Westgh Elec 60%
Time loans 3f,(4% Do prefd 69
Stocks- Wis Cen IS
; Atch Top ft S V.. 22% Bonds-
Do prefd 65% Atchison 4s 100%
!Am Sugar 153% Mining Shares— •
Do prefd 120 Adventure 9
I Bell Tel 37,7%; Allouez Mm C 0.... 6%
Boston ft A1bany. .272% I Atlantic 27 1
Boston L 110% | Boston ft M0nt. ...350 |
Bo ton ft Maine. . .203 Butte ft 805t0n.... 77 !
i C B ft Q 136% Calumet ft Hecla..S3s I
.Fitchburg prefd. ..US Centennial 36
Federal Steel Franklin 20
Do prol S3 Humboldt 2%
Gen Electric 124% j Osceola 87
Mcx Central... 14% Parrot 52%
Mich Tel 99% Quincy 159
THE SAIN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30. 1899.
Old Colony 206 Santa Fe Copper... 16
Old Dominion 35%! Tamarack 227
Rubber SO j Winona llfi
Union Pac 46'„ Wolverines 461..
Union Land 7 1 Utah 43
The Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Money on call, steady
at 3 per cent. Prime mercantile, 414*06 per
cent. Sterling exchange easier, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S6V«(ff4 86% for
demand and at $4 KVi@4 83% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 84 and $4 87%. Commerical
bills. $4 82%. Silver certificates. 59K@«0c.
Bar silver. 59% c. Mexican dollars. 4775e. Gov
ernment bonds, steady: State .bonds, firm;
railroad bonds irregular. .
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Aug. To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $280,554,647; gold re
serve, $246,378,825.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets were Idle and depressed to-day on
serious Transvaal apprehensions. The settle
| ment ls also checking business. Americans
! opened under parity and were dull and weak.
New York tried to harden them, but the clos
ing was heavy at the bottom. The general
contango was 5%@6. Money was plentiful.
Spanish foyrs were 58% c. Tint OS, 44UC; Ana
condas, 11 9-16. The bank bought £167,000 gold
in bars and £80,000 in German coin. The ten-
dency In bills was to easier rates, though quo
tations were unchanged. Sliver was weak, clos
ing at 27 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 99%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 79%: Union Pacific preferred, 82: Atchi
son. 23%; Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda, 11%.
Bar silver dull, 27% d. Money, VA@l% per cent.
ATew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts, j
24.970;' exports, 3248. Dull and weak, buyers :
holding off for additional concessions. Minne- '
sota patents. $3Ss'fi4: Minnesota bakers', $3 05
(§•3 20; winter straits. $3 3533 45; winter ex:
tras. $2 40@2 70; winter low grades, $2 25@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 227,121: exports, 105, 785.
Spot, quiet: No. 2 red, 74%.- afloat f. o. b. spot;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 81% cto arrive; No. 2 red,
77% c elevator. Options opened weak at %c de
cline, because of big Northwestern receipts and
lower cables. A subsequent rally in prices on
demand from shorts left the market compara
tive lv steady at %c net decline. Export trade
was 'less active. May, 79%@80%c, closed So%c;
September, 73 11-16374 c, closed 73% c; December,
76%!577%c, closed 77% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES Steady.
WOOL—
METALS— The metal market developed, if
anything. an easier market, especially for tin,
which was a shade lower, closing easier at
$31 12%*@81 37%. while pigiron warrants were
quiet, closing at »15 60316 for No. 2. Lake cop
per Has quiet and unchanged, closing at $18 50;
lead quiet and unchanged at $4 6034 62%, and
Iter easier without decline, closing at $5 40
(g.5 50. -* *' ,* ; '-. : '"■
Bear speculators in copper refrained from
Hear speculators in corper refrained fmm
making operations, owing to the heavy con
sumption. Spelter shows the depressing influ
ence of prominent sheet-zinc Interest. The
general market closes ln a more or less nom
inal condition, with the trade on the alert for
new developments and disposed to be conserv
ative. Prices for brokers' lead is $4 35 and for
copper $18 50.
COFFEE— Options eloped quiet and un
change to 5 points higher. Sales, 8600 bags.
Including: September. $4 3034 35; November.
$4 45; March. $5: July, $5 25. Spot Coffee— Rio
dull mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: refined, quiet.
BETTER— Receipts. 13,173 packages Steady;
Western creamery, 17'ff21c: factory, 12%315c.
EGGS— Receipts. 13.264 packages; firm; West
ern ungraded at mark, 12@15c.
California Dried Bruits.
NEW YORK. Aug. 29.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7%c;
prime wire tray, S%@B%c; choice, S%@9c;
fancy. 9*3 9%c.
PRUNES— 3%@Bc.
APRICOTS— Royal, 14e; Moorpark, 14@15c.
PEACHES— S@ll%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Aug. 29.— Weakness was shown by j
wheat at the opening of trading. Liverpool re
ported a decline of %d, while the Northwest
advices told of perfect weather for harvesting
operations, and also said that country wheat
would move freely from now on. Lings were
the principal sellers. They were apparently
afraid of the present favorable crop conditions
and liquidation from that source forced prices
downward slightly from the opening decline.
The break In prices was taken advantage of I
by shorts, who covered quite freely, and a
slow recover^' in prices ensued, the advance
bringing both the September and December op
tions back fairly within yesterday's closing
prices. An interval of extreme dullness fol
lowed and prices for an hour or more varied
but little. The general tendency was in the
main downward, the speculative market being
Influenced to a certain degree by the early slack
cash demand. The wakness became more pro
nounced ln the afternoon, though the declines
were small on account of the lack of trading
either way. The Northwest was weaker than
th.- local market, and some selling came from
tha direction. Late in the session the market
was Influenced by the Hungarian Minister's
estimate on the world's wheat crop, which put
the amount at nearly 90.000,000 bushels under
theoretical requirements. A fair amount of
buying followed this announcement, and the
best prices of the day were reached. There
were practically no holders willing to part
with their wheat at the advance, and the close
found the market steady, but on a slight down
ward turn. Bradst reefs estimated the world's
visible decrease at 1,982,000 bushels, about what
was expected. New York put the export en
gagements at twenty-five loads. September
opened %c lower at 69%'H«9%c. It declined to
69% c during the first hour, sold as high as
70% c, and closed at 70c. December opened %c
to' %c lower, at 71%fi71%c. It declined to 71% c
and reacted to 72%eg72Vic, sing at 72c.
Corn was Irregular. September was weak
early with wheat and on the more liberal
country offerings, but it rallied later and closed
about steady. The new crop futures were
steady all day. Trading was extremely slow
and price fluctuations in all speculative futures
were small. September closed %c lower; De
cember unchanged.
Oats In the main followed corn. Septembei
closed %c lower. December closed a shadt
higher.
Provisions were steady most of the day.
Weakness was shown at the opening on the
sympathy with the grain markets. Shorts were
derate buyers of the September product,
and with light offerings, the price ruling higher
until near the close, the demand slackened and
prices fell off. The close was steady. Septem
ber pork unchanged; lard and ribs. 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 68% 70% 68% 70
December 71% 72% 71% 72
May 74% 75% 74% 75
Corn No. 2— .
September 30% 31 30% 30%
December 2*-% 28% 28% 28%
Slav 29% 28% 29% 29%
Oats No. 2—
September 19% 20 19% 20
December l«% 19% 19% 19%
May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 8 22% 830 8 22% 825
October 8 32% 8 37% 830 835
January 9 57% 965 9 57% 960
Lard, per 100 lbs-
September 5 22% 625 5 22% 5 22%
October 530 5 32% 630 630
January 5 47% 5 47% 6 47% 5 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
September 5 17% 520 5 47% 5 17%
October 525 530 6 22% 625
January 500 6 02% 500 500
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
quiet; No 3 Spring Wheat, 66%<(j690: No. 2
Red. 72%ff173c; No. 2 Corn, 37% c; No. 2 Oats, 21
(f/21%c; No. 2 White. 21928 c; No. 3 AVhite, 21%
@22% c; No. 2 Rye, 54% c; No. 2 Barley, 35fii40c;
No, 1 Flax Seed, $116; Prime Timothy Seed
$2 25-312 30; Mess Pork, per bbl. $7 50'dS 80; Lard.
per 100 lbs, »6 12%*f 5 25; Short-rib Sides (loose),
$5*35 30; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 5%@5%c;
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 65*35 70: Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal. $1 26; Sugars,
Cut Loaf, $3 S3; Granulated, $5 31.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 9,000
Wheat, bushels 97.000 47,090
Corn, bushels 479,000 314,000
Oats, bushels .749,000 506,000
Rye, bushels 7,000. 53.000
Barley, bushels 38,000 73,0*
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 15%@20c; dairy,
13rffl7c. Cheese, firm; 9%@lotfc. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 13c. '■»;:
$. . ■ __ " •
Foreign Futures.
«c . ■»
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 6 "'.i
Closing 59% 6 11% •
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 on 20 e0
Closing 19*50 20 60
Flour „_ c.
Ojeoning 42 25 2,80
Closing 42 10 27 .0
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Aug. 29.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's indicate
the following changes in available supplies:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease. 882,000 bushels; afloat for ana
in Europe, decrease. 1.100.000 bushels; total
supply, decrease, 1,982.000 bushels. cor"—
United States and Canada, east of Hookies de
crease. 1,958,000 bushels. Oats— United Mates
and Canada, east of Rockies, Increase, 1.633.
--000 bushels. The aggregate stock of wheat heitl
at Portland. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle de
creased 275,000 bushels last week.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Aug. -The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction as follows:
Grapes— Malaga, single crates, 75®80c, average
79c. Peaches— Salway, 80@86c, average 86. .
Susquehanna, average $1; Orange Cling. 70c@
$1 45, average 91c. Pears— Bartletts, boxes.
average, $1 39. Plums— Kelsey, single crates,
60@65c, average fi3c. Prunes— German, single
crates, 70990 c, average 86c; Gros, $1 oi, "_ I 10.
average Jl 09. Twelve cars sold to-day; weatner
favorable. _ .. _
NEW YORK Aug. 29.— The Earl Fruit Com-
pany realized the following prices at auction
to-day: Grapes—Malaga, single crates, 85c®
Jl 40, average 95c. Peaches— l>ate Crawford,
boxes, average 80c; Susquehanna, soco*l <>■•,
average 67c: Orange Cling. 45<S90c, average 62c.
Plums— Kelsey, single crates, Jl 20-ff.. 30, aver-
age $1 36. Prunes— Gros, single crates, $1 30®
1 65, average Jl 51; Robe de Sergeant, average
Jl 05; Italian, average Jl 3,1. Seventeen cars
sold to-day: weather threatening. .„•**_,
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 29.-The Earl Fruit
Company auctioned California fruit to-day as
follows: Grapes— Tokay, single crates, average
$165; Muscat, 90c. Peaches— 80@90c,
average 85c. Pears— Bartletts. boxes, 51 '<: 1 10,
average Jl 25. Plums— Kelsey, single crates,
90c*f-sl, average 99c. Prunes— Silver, single
crates, average 85c. _  _
, MONTREAL. Aug. 29.— Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction as fol
lows: Susquehanna, boxes, average
90c. Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 5562 10, aver
age Jl 80.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Aug. 29.— There has been a fair
business ln the wool market during the past
week with no show of weakening in the price.
The movement in Territory wools continues
strong on the basis of 50c scoured for fine me
dium and fine. Fleece wools hold steady, but
the movement is slow. The price for XX and
above Ohio is quoted at 31332 c, with delaines
at 33c.
The Australian wool market Is quiet, owing
to the fact that the available supply is small.
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota fine
medium and fine, 16@18c; scoured, 50®52c;
staple, 55357 c; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium
and tine, 18c; scoured, 50c; staple, 53®55c;
Idaho fine medium and fin", 16317 c; scoured,
503 52c.
Australian, scoured basis, combing superfine,
50382 c; good, 79350 c; average, 75®77c.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. CATTLE— was
the usual Tuesday trade in cattle. There was
a fair demand for matured cattle, but others
were slow at easier prices. Good to choice cat;
tle sold at $5 65-66 60: commoner graeies, $43
7. 60; stockers and feeders. $3 3534 90; bulls,
COWS and heifers. $235 25; Texas steers, $3 303
4 25; calves, $4-67 25.
HOGS— Offerings of hogs were light, and with
a strong general demand prices were 2% to
5c higher for desirable offerings. Heavy hogs.
$4 0534 77%; mixed. $4 4534 82%; light, $4 453
4 92%; pigs, $3 5004 65; culls. $233 95.
SHEEP Sheep and lambs were strong on the
light receipts and a better demand. Sheep, $2
@3 for common up to $4 2534 50 for prime na
tive wethers. Western range sheep brought
$3 50®4 25; lambs. $3 .'• (5 77,.
Receipts— Cattle, 3500; hogs, 15,000; sheep,
SOOO.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 29.— Clearings, $327,
--735; balances. $158,530.
Northern J V heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 29.— There is but lit
tle change in the wheat situation. "As high as
60c was paid to-day for some choice old Walla
Walla but for new wheat 58355% c was about
the top. with Valley in special demand, ex
cept for milling, at anything over 60c. Blue
Stem, Sic. , , ,
Cleared— British steamship Monmouthshire,
for Hongkong, with 17.160 barrels flour and 2500
tons miscellaneous cargo.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 29.— The wheat mar
ket was weak to-day, but local quotations re
main at 57c for Club, 60c for Blue Stem.
Foreign .Markets.
LONDON, Aug. Consols, 105%: silver,
27% d; French' rentes, 100 35c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers indifferent operators; cargoes
on passage, rather easier; English country
markets, steady. __
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 29.— Wheat. steady;
wheat In Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet;
weather In England, cloudy and rainy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-l6d.
CLOSING.
. WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Western winter
■ dull, 5s 10% d; No. 1 northern spring, fis l%d.
i Futures dull; September, 5s 9%d; December, Bs
1 IHM
j CORN -Spot American mixed new steady,
CORN— Spot American mixed new steady,
3s 4%d; do old steady, 3s 4%d. Futures quiet;
1 September, 3s 4%d; October, 3s 5%d: November,
3« 6%d. ■'
Receipts of wheat during the past three days.
' Ri ceipts of wheat during the past three days,
i 173.000 centals. Including 122.010 American. Re
! ceipts of American corn during the past three
days, 199,800 centals.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
I Sterling Exchange, 60 days.....*— $j 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — . 4 87%
1 Sterling Cables — ,y
- York Exchange, sight — .. — 10
New York Exchange.telegraphic — l^%
Mexican Dollars % 49% 60
Fine Silver, per ounce — &9%
Wheat and Other Grains.
i WHEAT FREIGHTS— harbor is still bare
! of disengaged ships, so there are no spot rates
I to quote, but the freight market has not
! changed either wav for some little time.- At
this time last year there was a disengaged ton-
nage of 35,000 in port. The chartered wheat
fleet here has a registered tonnage of 32.fi.i0
tons, against 18,600 last year. The tonnage on
'■ the wav has a register of 205,, tons against
172,200. For ships near at hand 35s is asked,
I 33s 9d bid. , . ';;','-***
WHEAT- The market continues dull at un-
changed quotations. '-:~_ '■■*
Chicago reported a fairly steady market.
with a good demand and tne shorts covering.
Some hopes were built on the report of the
: Vienna congress, which was expected to be
bullish. ■■'•. '-""■ _, ___ ....
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 oa@l 07%; ling,
. $1 1031 13%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls December—
2000 ctls, $1 11%. ■■ XX, Z,
Second Session— December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 11%.
May— 6ooo, $1 16%. . „„ __,
Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls,
! $1 11%; 8000, $1 11%. May— 4ooo, $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues to drag
along at unchanged quotations. The shippers
are paying 90®92%c for lots suitable for ex-
port. Feed descriptions are dull.
Feed. Bo®BS%c; Brewing. 57%@92%c; Cheva
: Her, $1 1031 22% per ctl.
I CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— . December,
! 2000 ctls. S2%c.
! Second session — No sales.
i Regular morning session— sales.
; Afternoon session— December— l2,ooo ctls, S2%c.
! OATS— The market still lacks life and quo-
tations are weak except for red, which are
firmly held. White. $1153125; Red, $105®
1 12% per ctl; Black, 90cfi$l.
CORN— While offerings are not large they
are sufficient for the demand, and prices stand
the same. Eastern large Yellow. $1 05-3* l 07%;
J White, $1 07%; mixed, $1 0531 07% per ctl.
1 RYE— Continues dull at 90@92%c per ctl.
I BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®8 76,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4033 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40®3 60 per bbl for extra,
$3 2533 40 for bakers' and $2 25®3 for super
fine. ... ;-* -----r
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 50; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50@4 ,»;
Oat Groats. . $4 75; Hominy, $3 25® 3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4***T4 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 ,;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled
Oat 3 (barrels), $6 55*57 6 95; in sacks. J6 35®6 (5;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Hay market Is congested with supplies.
On Monday there were .114 cars on the tracks
and yesterday there were 79. In view of this
jam the railroad company is holding all late
arrivals on the Oakland side until dealers clear
the yard here. Prices are weak, but no lower,
and there is a fair local demand.
Feedstuffs remain as previously quoted.
BRAN— $15 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, JIS 50 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27-328; Jobbing,
}*> 50r529: Cocoanut Cake, J2o**'t2l; Cornmeal.
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn. J24Q25; Mixed Feed,
Jl6-Sl6 s'); Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton. *_
HAY— Wheat. $6 50®8 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice: Wheat and Oat, PW-Pf*
s6fl-R: Barley. $5@7; Island Barley, $4 ••'''?■' 60;
Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed \\ heat,
J9T; 10.
STRAW— 2O-ft 35c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 70ffl SO; Small White, $2 05
@2 15: Large White, $1 60®1 75; Pinks, $2 15®
2 25* Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 151/4 25; But
ters', nominal; Limas, $4 10®4 15; Pea. $2 15®
2 35; Red Kidneys. J2®2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2%@3c; Yellow Mus
tard nominal; Flax, $1 9002 10; Canary Seed,
2\((iSc per lb fcr California and 3%c for East
ern; Alfalfa. 8%(@9%c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4®
4%c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25®1 50; Green, $1 50
®2 per ctl. .__
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market continues heavily supplied with
all descriptions, as usual at this time of the
year. Potatoes and Onions are no lower, but
are weak. Sweet Potatoes are slightly oft
again. Green Corn is still a drug. All other
Vegetables sell at about the same prices day
after day.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, 85c®$l; Early
Rose. 45*u'70c; Burbanks, 45@75c per ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks, $1 25@1 35; Sweet Potatoes, 1
®l%c per lb.
ONlONS— B6c@sl per ctl for Silverskins;
Pickle Onions, 50@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. l%®2c per lb;
String Beans, I%i?|2c; Lima Beans, 2@3c; Cab
bage, 50<5600; River Tomotaes. 30@40c; Alameda
Tomatoes, 40@60c; Egg Plant. 35@40c; Green
Okra, 35® 50c per box; Garlic. 2*<J3o; Green Pep
pers. 35®60c for Chili and 40(g>50c per box for
Bell: Carrots, 30®40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers.
20®25c; Pickles, $1 50*51 75 per ctl for No. 1 and
75c for No. 2; Summer Squash, 25c; Marrowfat
Squash JIO per ton; Green Corn, 10®75c per
sack. 40c®Jl per crate for Alameda and 25®50c
for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
The free receipts from the East this week
have depressed the home product, though
choice stock sells fairly. The Eastern is sell
ing at 15@16c for Turkeys. $4 for Ducks, $150
for Geese, $636 50 for Hens, $6 50 for young
Roosters. $5 for old do and Fryers and $3 50 for
Broilers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@14c for Gob
blers and 12314 c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16@18c: Geese, per pair, $1 50®1 75; Goslings,
$1 50(32; Ducks, $333 50 for old and $435 for
young; Hens, $435 50; young Roosters, $4 50®
5 50: old Roosters, $4*3*4 25; Fryers, $3 50®4;
Broilers, $3(0*3 50 for large, $2 5033 for small;
Pigeons, $1 5031 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
32 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter ls rather weaker, owing to liberal sup
plies of second creameries, though firsts are
firm. The disposition is to sell seconds, and
this tends to weaken the whole line.
cheese remains firm at full figures, with
light stocks.
Eggs are firm at the advance already noted,
and stocks are moderate.
BUTTER—
Creamery Fancy creamery, 2fi*7s'-8e; seconds,
24(fi25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 25c; good to choice, 23324 c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 20(!?21c; firkin, 19321; creamery
tub. 21*S*22c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. ll@ll%c; old, 10
@10%e ; Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern, 13
@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 22%325c for store and 273
EGGS— Quoted nt 22%**<*i27.0 for store and 27*7?
30n per dozen for ranch: Eastern. 21*a'22%c
for selected, 18®20c for No. 1 and 16317%e for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Bruits.
The market is considerably tamer than it has
been for several months. There is no special
activity in any description, and as all are in
good supply prices do not change much. Sup-
plies of Grapes are less excessive, but a slow
demand stands in the way of an' advance.
Peaches and Plums are dull. Arrivals of
Quinces are rather larger. Good sound Ap
ples are firm. Berries continue cheap and
Huckleberries are hard to sell. Melons are
rather firm than otherwise.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples, 35360 c per box for common and 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $354 per chest;
Strawberries. $7 rer chest for small and
$1 5003 50 for large berries: Raspberries, $231
per chest; Huckleberries, 3®sc per lb.
Grapes, 35340 c per box and crate for Fon-
tainebleau, 40@60c for black, 50@75c for Mus
cat, 50®75c for Tokay and 65375 c for Seedless.
Watermelons. $61720 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 25®75c per crate; Nutmegs, 37*3
60c per box on the wharf.
Pears. 40®60c per box: Bartletts. 75c35l 25 per
box for green and 50375 c for ripe; ln bulk, $20
-*, $45 per ton.
Nectarines, rer box for white and 65385 c
for red.
Figs, 60®85c r.er box for double layers of
small black and 35@50c for large purple.
Peaches. 25@75c peer box and 25@35c per bas
ket: in bulk. $15*325 per ton.
Plums, 20@40c per box; Prunes. '^ 60c per
crate: Green and Yellow Plums, $20 per ton.
Quinces. 50360 c jeer box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons. $131 75 for com
mon and $2-713 /or eood to choice; Mexican
Limes. $134 50: California Limes, nominal:
Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1
32 50 per dozen.
Dried Bruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Prices for all fruits remain about the same.
Prunes are easy, as there Is still a large sup
ply of old stock on hand. Peaches
and Apples nre also easy. but no
lower. Pears and Apricots are firm, and
the latter are already cleaning up, something
unusual thus early in the season. Nectarines
are very scarce and firm
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop) Prunes, In
sacks, 6fff*6%o for 40-50's, 5®5%c for 50-60's 4®
4%0 for lb for 60-70's, 3%c for 70-RO's, 3®3%c
for 80-90's and 2%32%c for 90-100's; Apricots, j
lOeffllc for Royals, 14315 c for Moorparks and I
12312% c for Blenheims; Peaches, Sifftjc for
Standards and 6%®7c for choice; Evaporated i
Apples, 7®"%c: Sun-dried, 4%@5%c per lb; !
Nectarine^. 738% c per Jb; Pears, 7%Ti^i„,- for
quarters and S®9c for halves; Black Figs, 3c,
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four crown, 4%3i>c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%C for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%®3c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6®Bc for hardshell. 10®llc
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, 11® 12c; Almonds,
new crop. 7%c for Languedoc and 9%c for pa
per-shell; Peanuts, 5%36%c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts. 8%<5-9c: Filberts, ll@ll%c; Pecans, 7%@
Sc; Cocoanuts, $4 50©5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber: water white extracted. 7%@7%c;
light amber extracted, 6%S"c; dark, 5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
California Hams are almost cleaned out of
the market and are hardly quotable. Eastern
Hams are steady, with a fair demand. All
other descriptions of cured meats are quiet.
There is a steady call for barreled goods on
Government account for Manila.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy,- 9®9%c for light medium, lie for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured; :
I Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13% c; California '
Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $13 per lb; extra '
Prime Beef. $12 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess, i
$15315 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%35%c per lb for!
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure
•7%c: 10-Ih tins. B%c; 5-lb tins. S%c.
COTTOLENE— 6%37%c per lb. t
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Tallow are firm, though prices
show no change worthy of note. Hods are
wholly nominal, as the growers are not meet-
ing buyers, and the latter are therefore not
bidding. Wool is slow, but the market is
firm and In good shape.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium. 93 9% c; light, :•.-*
Cowhides, 9c: Stags, fie; Salted Kip, 9.-; Calf,'
10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands'
13c: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20330 c each;- short
Wool. 35®60c each: medium, 70®90c; long Wool
90c35l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2-?; 2 25 for
large and $1 25*31 50 for small; Colts, 25350 c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb; No
2, 333% c; refined. ; grease, 2*3 2%c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months. S®llc; San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective. S39c: Valley Oregon, 17@18c
Eastern Oregon, 12314 c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, S@loc; do
plains, 7(ti ßc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain, 7%®9c. *. *".*.■■ •-■*:•.
HOPS— Nominal.
General Merchandise.
The combination Ib still asking 7%c for Grain
Bags, but, outsiders are selling as low as 7e.
and it is understood that even the combination
is •willing to shade to effect sales.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7%c; Wool
Bags, 26@28c; Fruit Bags, 5%c, ■"'%'■ and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@i% tor
bleached jute. „, ,
BALE ROPE— Pure Manila. 14c; Sisal and
Manila Mixed. 13c; Duplex Sizes. 12c.
COAL— -Wellington, JS per ton; New Welling-
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $9 In bulk and $10 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg, $12;
Cannel, $8 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES- Peas. 75@85c; As-
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 75*g85c; As-
paragus, $1 60(fi2 85; Tomatoes. 75®80c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries. $2 15-*a2 30 for
black and $2 15@2 .10 for white; Peaches. $1 35®
165; Pears. $1 50@1 80; Apricots, $1 20@1 70;
Plums, 95(&1 25.
COFFEE— We quote: Costa Rica— l3%*??l6c
for prime- washed: 11<§>12%C for good washed;
11%@15c for good prime washed peaberry;
10® lie tor good to prime peaberry 9!??ll%c for
good to prime; SQSc nominal for good current
mixed with black beans; B@B%c for fair; 5%@
7%c for common to ordinary. Salvador— 9®llc
for good to prime washed; B@B%c for fair
Washed; 10@ll%c for good to prime washed pea-
berry; 73i *-•;>•%,■ for good to prime semi-washed;
7%i?»S%c for superior unwashed; 7,/i'@7%c for
good green unwashed; S%tS9%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 5@6%c for common
to ordinary. Nicaragua — 14fii6%c for prime to
fancy washed; St;? lie for fair to good washed;
7%^7?ic nominal for good to superior un-
washed; 8%@9%c nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican
— 13@16c for prime to fancy washed; 9%@12c
for good to strictly good washed; 7»i'?/9c for
fair washed; 7i?tß for medium; 4.§6%c for in-
ferior to ordinary; 10@ll%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8%®9%c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 7%*j7'BUc for good to su
perior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 25®28c per lb: Sole
Leather, medium, 25*g-26c: Sole Leather, light,
25@26c; 'rough Leather, heavy, 25(g*26c; rough
Leather, light, 25@26c: Harness Leather, heavy,
32@33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30®32c;
Harness Leather, light, 29®30c; Collar Leather,
15@16c per foot: Kip, finished, 40@45c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50@65c; Calf, finished, 7501 20;
Sides, finished, lG(??17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14*g,16c; rough Splits. B®loc per li,.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 54c;
raw, 52c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra win
ter strained, barrels, 47c: No. 1, 42% c; cases, 5c
more; China Nut. 47@58c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels,"" 6e>e: cases, 65c; Sperm.
pure, 60c: Whale Oil, natural white, 32% c: Pa-
cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $1 25© 135 per gallon; wagon colors,
$2*ii2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPHTHA
—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk. ll%e per gal
lon: Pearl Oil, in cases, 16% c; Astral Oil, 16% c;
Star Oil. 16% c; Extra Star Oil, 20% c; Elaine
Oil, 21% c; Eocene Oil, 18% c; deodorized Stone
Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; in cases. 21c; Benzine,
in bulk. 15% c; in cases, 20% c; S6 degrees Gaso-
line, in bulk, 21c: In cases, 26c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, fis, 16 oz,
9%c; fis, 14 oz, B%c: 6s, 12 oz. 7%c; 6s, 10 oz,
6%c Granite Mining Candles— 6s. 16 oz, 40s,
10c; 6s, 16 oz. 20s. lOVic: 6s, 14 oz. 40s, 9c; 6s. 14
oz. 20s, 9%c; 6s. 12 oz. SVic; 6s, 10 oz, 7%c;
Parafflne Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s and fis,
white, lie; is, 2s, 4s and fis, colored, 12c; 12s,
white. ll%c; 12s. colored. 12lie.
WHITE LEAD— at fi',«®7c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 6%<?*?7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 69c; in iron barrels,
C4c; in wooden barrels, 66c.
LUCOL— Rolled, barrels, 49c; raw, barrels,
47c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— 50 per flask for local use
and t*u for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c;
Dry Granulated. Be; Confectioners' A. sc; Cali
fornia A. — ; Magnolia A. 4r;*c; Extra C, *4%c;
Golden C, 4^sc; barrels. l-16c more; half barrels,
He more; boxes, %c more, 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6c per lb.
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $16317; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $1731S for No. 1 and $15@16 for No.
2; Lath, 4 feet, $2 2032 30; Pickets. $18; Shin
gles, $1 5031 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic,
$21327. . ______^
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is a steady local demand which con
sumes all arrivals and the market is accord
ingly steady. Hogs continue in very light re
ceipt and firm.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Bc per lb for Steers and 6%37c for
Oows.
VEAL- 7@loc per lb.
MUTTON -Wethers, 7%3&c; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound. ' * ;"..
LAMB— Spring. B%®9c per lb.
PORK Live Hogs, 5%®5%c for small, 6c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs. 735% c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. AUGUST 29.
i Flour, qr sks 8501 Hay. tons 500
i Wheat, ctls 62.228 Hops, bales .19
! Barley, ctls 13.437, Wool, bags 47
Oats ctls 1.130 Pelts, bdls 480
; Butter, ctls 170 Hides, no 828
Cheese, ,-tls 28 Eggs, doz 11,220
. Tallow, ctls 241 1 Raisins, boxes... 800
! Beans sks 204 Leather, rolls 194
potatoes, sks.... 3,462 Wine, gals 8,000
Onions, sks 1.3.52 Lime, bbls 91
: Sugar, sks 1,880
THE STOCK MARKET.
There -was a moderate business ln securities
and prices stood about the same.
There was no material change in mining
stocks, the market being dull as usual. The
tele-gram from the pump said: "At 6:30 this
morning the water was 34 feet 7 inches be-
low the 1950-foot level station. No. 1 elevator
is running continuously."
The ore shipments by rail from the mines
of Eureka district. Nevada, for the week end-
ing August .2. were as follows: Bull whacker
mine, 64,070 pounds; Diamond, 46.330; Eureka
Con., 183.370; Jackson, 1470: Richmond, 80.170;
Richmond Furnace diggings). 27.290. From
Hamilton Rocco-Homestake. 157.260.
The Yellow Aster Mining Company has de-
clared another dividend of $20,000, making a
total to date of $250,000.
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company's last
monthly report shows a run of 540 stamps for
29% days, crushing 59,099 tons ore of a realizable
value of $93,026 anil 1319 tons sulpherets of a
value of $52,553. the gross value of the bullion
product being $17,5,77.0 and the working expenses
ere about $38,500.
The report from the Hale & Norcross mine
for the past week reads as follows: "During
the week the B-street air shaft has been
! cleaned out and retlmbered where necessary
for a depth of 15 feet, making a total depth now
! In good condition of 42 feet. At a point 60
1 feet from the face of the H. & N. tunnel we
I have started a northwest drift to connect with
l the upraise that connects with the air shaft.
; This drift has been extended 42 feet." /
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a divi
! dend of 30c per share on the sth.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company \
will pay a dividend of 42c per share on the Ist. I
Meetings of the boards of directors of all
the north end Comstock mining companies have
been called for to-day for the purpose of rati- |
tying and signing the cheap-power contract. I
The directors of the middle and Gold Hill mm
ing companies will hold similar meetings to- j
morrow and before the. end of the week it is
expected that every company that ls a party |
to the contract will have signed.
. STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. August 29-2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Bonds— lEqult G L Co. 3% 4%
4s quar c0up. .112% — (Mutual El Co. 16% 16%
Is. quar reg.... — — OG L & H.... 48% 50
4s new quar... — 131% Pac Gas Imp — ' 69%
3s quar coup.. — 109 Pac LCo 40 44
Miscellaneous— S F G &'E.... 69% 69%
Cal-st Cab as. — — San Fran 3% 3%
I C C Wat 55... — 110% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65..129%1?5 ; Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. 115 — Flrem's Fund.22s —
! Geary-st R ss. — 95 ' Bank Stocks—
JHCftS 5%5..107% - Anglo-Cal — 63
!L A Ry 5s 10fi% _ Hank of Ca1.. .282 283%
!L A LCo 65.. 9» — Cal S D & T.. — 98
| Do gntd 65.. 99 — First National. 23o 237%
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...129% —
, Market-st 65.. .126% — Mer Exchange — IS
Do lst M 55. 117% — Nev Nat 8k...182%190
; N C NG Ry 7s. Uu — Savings Banks—
I N Rof Cal 6s. — 115 Ger S & L..1650 —
INR of Cal 55. 114% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
,NP(J R R 65. 105% — Mut Say Bk.. 37% —
NPC R R 55. 106 107 S F Say U...-500 —
N Cal It R 55. 11 l — Say & L So. — 82%
OGI, & H 53.111 - Sec Say Bk. - 300
Oak Transt 65. 11 l 112% Union T Co. 1400 1440 ■
Om C Ry 65.. 127 — Street Railroads—
! P & Cl Ry 65.105%107 California 155 170
IPk& ORy 65. 115 - Geary 50 -
! Powell-st R 6s — 125 Market-st .... 61% 62
-- Sac El G&R5s - - jiiak s L&H. - " ott
I SF & N P 55.113%114% Presidio 12 —
: S F & S JV7.s.l!7i,.nfi%; Powder—
6Ry of Cal* 65.105% — California 150 165
SI-of A t*5....U2%114 E Dynamite... 85 —
IS P C 65G905).u2 H2% Giant Con Co. 74% 75%
S P C 65(1906). — Vigorit 2% —
| S P C 65(1912). — 124%! Sugar-
SPcis eg 102% - Hana -C 0.... 15% 13%
S PBr 6s — 126 Haw C&SC. 96 96%
.- V Wat 65. ..117% - Hutch S P Co. 31% 31%
■ S V Wat 4 5... 104% 104% Kllauea S C. - 30
SV W 45(3dm)102 — Makaweli SC. 50% —
Stktn Gas Us..HM 107 Onomea S Co.. 38% 40
Water Stocks— . iPaauhau S C. . 39 39%
Contra Costa.. 75% 76 ! Miscellaneous—
Marin County. ...i -- Al Pack Assn.ll7%llß
Spring Valley. lol%lo2 M.,r Ex Assn.. - !•»■
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 89% 90
Capital Gas...— — Pac A FA..:. I+4 -
Cent GCo — - Pac C Bor C0..137%140
Cent L & P....— 7 .par Paint Co. S% —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75
75 Giant Powder Con 74 87%
10 Giant Powder Con 75 00
5 Giant Powder Con 75 12%
70 Hutchinson S P Co 3187%
AUCTION SALES.
"J&jT" r' £&~ " fe
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
THURSDAY.
THURSDAY : AUGUST 31, 1599
At 11 o'clock a. m.
AT J. D. HORAN'S STOCK YARD. CORNER
TENTH AND BRYANT STREETS.
By Order of E. N. WELLS of Tres Pinos, Cal.,
-I will sell
Twenty head of choice, wellbred Horses and
Mares, bays and browns. Included in this sale
are 6 handsome matched Teams. It will be to
the interest of all liverymen to attend this sale.
Said stock will be sold without limit or reserve.
SAM WATKINS. Auctioneer.
! 190 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 75
i 30 Market Street Railway, cash 6175
150 Mutual Electric Light 16 50
5 Onomea Sugar Co 39 50
, 20 Pacific Coast Borax 137 50
i 100 Vigorit Powder - 87%
Street—
I $4000 S F & S J V 115 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
lee Alaska Packers' Association, b 5 118 00
55 Giant Powder Con "5 12%
25 liana Plantation Co 15 62%
100 Hutchinson S P Co 3187%
j $40,10 Los Angeles Railway 5s 106 50
i 200 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 75
20 Market Street Railway, cash 6175
16 Oceanic S S Co so 00
2" Paauhau S P Co 39 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 12%
200 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 50
ZOOS F Gaslight 3 50
$5000 Spring Valley fis 117 50
$500 United States 3s, reg 107 50
Street—
15 Giant Powder Con, s 90 75 00
50 Giant Powder Con 75 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
ISO Equitable Gas 8 87%
30 Giant Powder Con 74 62%
50 Mutual Electric Co 17 0.,
40 S F Gas & Electric 69 50
100 Vigorit Powder .'. 3 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board— ;
35 Giant Powder Con 74 75
120 Hutchinson S P Co 3150
25 Hawaiian Commercial 95 25
80 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 75
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 69 50
10 S V Water 102 00
200 Vigorit Powder 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
' Following were the sales in the San Fran-
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 591 200 Mexican 50
300 Bullion 06 100 Ophir 1 10
100 Chollar ........ 3", 100 Potosi 32
500 Con Cal & Va.l 80 100 Sierra Nevada. 71
100 Gould & Curry. 38 300 Union Con 22
100 Justice 14 100 Yellow Jacket. 31
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 05 50 Savage 19
100 Con Cal & Va.l 85 100 Union Con 22
500 Ophir 115 200 Utah 08
" 200 Potosi 31
Following -were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher fill 100 Gould & Curry. 38
200 Bullion 07 100 Gould & Curry. 37
300 Chollar 35 1 101 Kentuck 05
150 Con Cal & V...1 80 50 Ophir 1 12%
350 Con Cal & V.l 82% 500 Silver Hill 03
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal & Va.l 80; 100 Savage IS
100 Overman 11l 100 Union Con 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, August 29—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice 13 15
Alpha 06 07 Justice 13 15
Alta 04 "'. Kentuck 04 05
Andes 15 17 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 36 37, Mexican 50 51
Best & Belcher fii 62 Occidental 19 20
Bullion 05 06iOphir 110 115
Caledonia 60 —Overman 10 12
Chollar 34 36 1 Potosi 31 32
Challenge Con.. 36 3.< Savage IS 19
Confidence .... SO 84 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l SO 1 Ss;Seg Belcher 05 OR
Con Imperial..' 01 02 Sierra Nevada.. 71 72
Crown Point.... 22 23 Silver Hill 12 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate 07 —
Eureka Con — 50' Standard 2652 70
Exchequer — 03 St Louis — 12
Gould & Curry- 37 38 Union Con 22 23
Hale & Norcrs. 30 32 .Utah 07 08
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 30 31
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and '.he successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third t!d»
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there Are hut
, three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on thn
! United States Coast Survey charts, except
when » minus sign (— precedes the height.
| and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
: reference Is the mean of the lower low water*.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Continued on Eleventh Page.LARGE CLASSES
FOA'CTMFOBD
— — ♦
University Wi 1 Reopen
Next Week.
*
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 29.— :
In another week i.eland Stanford Jr. Uni
versity wjll open hor doors for the ninth j
year to students. Within the past year ;
the outlook for the future prosperity of
Stanford has brightened so much, through
the munificent generosity of Mrs. Stan-
ford, who has given practically all her ,
remaining property to the university, and \
through the commencement of the new |
outer Quadrangle and other buildings, that I
the coming year will be a notable one In )
many ways.
In the tirst place, the Incoming class of |
new students promises to be the largest j
ln the history of the university. The Reg- i
istrar of the university estimates that :
there will be fuay 30 per cent more new
students than there were last year,
which will make the total of new students .
over five hundred. The increase in the
number of new students will be in every I
line, post graduate, freshmen and those
with advanced standing. The number of
old students who will return will ala be !
as large as ever., so that the total regis- j
tmtion will probably be between 13)0 and I
1300. One fact that the authorities desire !
* -
to call especial attention to. however, is
that the number of women students who I
desire to enter will not exceed live bun- |
ured, so there will be no necessity to dis-
criminate this year in any case in order
* -
to bring the number within the umit re- I
cently set by Mrs. Stanford.
S
•The prosrramme of the opening days i
of the university ia as follows:
Monday. September 4— Entrance ex-
3 ptember 4
aminations begin. Tuesday and j
W ednesday. September 5 and 6—Regis
tration
tration of old students. Thursday,
September 7— Registration of new stu-
-
dents. Friday. September S— Instruc- j
tion begins. Friday. September 15—
Conferring of decrees upon those who !
*
have completed their work since last
commencement.
During the past year President Jordan !
has made a number of new appointments i
-
that will add materially to the strength
of the faculty. The increase in the endow-
ment has enabled the President to make i
*
these additions to the faculty and to en- j
large the curriculum correspondingly.
Tho most important appointment waa
-
that of Frank A. Fetter to be professor
of economics. For the past year Pro-
fessor Fetter hSs been acting professor
in this department while on leave of ab- i
sence from Indiana University, but his \
-
appointment to the chair at Stanford has
now been made permanent.
Other important appointments are: Ar-
A--
thur O. Lovejoy to be assistant professor
of philosophy: Miss Lillian Martin to be |
assistant professor of psychology, to fiil
the place of Dr. Frank Ar.gell at the head
-
of the department during his absence in
Europe: Herbert Z. Kipp to be assistant:
*
professor of German; Jackson E. Rev- :
Heals .in! Charles R. Lewers to be in- j
structors in law: T. F. Huntington to bei
instructor in En.elish:Richard W. Hus-
band. Stanford A. 8.. 'S5. A. M.. '95, to be j
=
instructor in Latin: Pierre J. Frein to be *
instructor in French: Miss Lucile Eaves,
-
A: B. Stanford '94. to be assistant in his-
tory of the Pacific Coast; Miss Josephine
Anderson, A. 8.. Oberlln '90, A. M. Stan-
ford 'SS. to be assistant in ancient his- !
teery; William A. Cannon. A. 8., 'ft', to be
assistant In botany.
In addition to these Rev. Charles R. i
Brown of Oakland will offer a course on |
the "Ethics of Christ" during the second ■
*
semester, and Henry H. Payne. Ph.D., I
Harvard '?9, will give a course in Hebrew ,
' throughout the year.
The following f>ld professors will return
'
to their work after an absence of a year
or more: Professor John M. man,
Chemistry*; Professor Albert W. Smith.
•.*: rhanical engineeringr; Professor Ed- i
ward A. Ross, sociology: Professor ;
■
Charles M. Little, mathematics; Professor
William H. Hudson. English literature;
Professor Arthur B. Clark, drawing: Pro-
fessor Mary Roberts Smith, sociology;
Professor Harold Heath, zoology.
The following members of the faculty
will be absent on leave .luring: ttie coming
year: Professor Douglas H. Campbeil, X
-.-.;■: Professor Frank. Angell, psychol- |
ogy; Professor Amos G. Warner, eco- ■
r.omlcs: Professor Nathan Abbott, law;
Professor Frederic A. C. Perrine, electri- I
i.n! engineering; Professor James O. Grif-
-
fin, German; Professor David E. Spencer,;
history; Professor Stewart W. Young,'
chemistry ■ I
Since last spring an important change
-
has been made in the Stanford department
of law. The faculty has been increased
and the course lengthened to three full
yeara of law study, at the completion of
which the student will be granted the de- :
gree of bachelor of law. or the student
'
may take the law courses along with the j i
regular courses, and obtain the LL.B. aft-
er two years of graduate study. I ■
President Jordan has also created the
department of philosophy, of which Pro-
fessor Lovejoy will be the head.
PREPARING PORTO RICO
FOR SELF-GOVERNMENT
Lieutenant Colonel Sanger Will Take '
a Census of the |
Island.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— Preliminary
to self-government as far as ls compati
ble with Its relations to the United States
and to the extent admissible by execu- :
tive action in the absence of legislative
• direction a census is to be taken of Porto
Rico.
When President McKinley returns to
as to !
Washington on Saturday Secretary Root
will discuss with him the proclamation
which will be issued to the people of the
*
island advising them of the purpose of
the Government to take the census and j
the object of such action.
The Porto Ricans will be advised that
after such census has been taken local
elections will be held In which they will
be permitted to express their choice of
subordinate officials.
Secretary Root desires to relieve Porto
Rico from military domination as prompt-
ly as possible and the census will be one
of the steps in this direction. Lieutenant
Colonel Sanger of the inspector general's
department, who will have charge of the
Cuban census, has been instructed to also
assume charge of the census of Porto
Klco. It will be completed by January 1.
The -am-- census regulations prepared for
Cuba will be adopted for Porto Rico.
. — <•
MANY CLOSE FINISHES
Lady of the Manor Noses Out Nicol
B and Prince Albert.
B and Prince Alhert.
HARTFORD. Conn.. Aug. 29.— The rac-
Ing at Charter Oak Park to-day was no
table for the close finishes and the win
ning of the favorites. Owyhee took the
2:19 trot without difficulty, and Lady of
the Manor won out in the 2:07 pace. Geers
driving a sensational finish In the third
: - - In the thiM
heat, passing Nicol B and Prince Albert
within ten feet of the wire. •_•'■'■»•«
The unfinished race of Monday, the 2:30
trot, was won by Hallie Rocket, who took
the two heats necessary without difficulty.
Charlie Herr was the favorite in the 2:13
trot and took the first heat, but was fair
ly cut out of the second within a yard of
the wire by Peter the Great. No more
heats in that ice could be trotted owing
to darkness.
Kitty Newman, one of the starters in
the Charter Oak stake Monday, fractured
her right foreankle. It was not discov
ered until after she had been distanced.
Results:
Tbe Syr-amore, 1:20 trot, purse 130*); .three tn
«-h(. - t, purse S3OV); three In
Ov*— Halile Rocket won first, fourth and fifth
heats Time— 2:ll, 2:12. 2:13. Valpa won sec- i
ond and third heats and wa« second. Time— ■
2:004. 2:11. Volo third. Venus II and Ed Win- *
ter* also started. ■' ;
•>:Vj trot purse 13.173: three in five— Owyhee
three in five— Owyhee i
w*'n second, third and fourth heats. Time— '
2-fU 2:12%; 2:l3'*. L. H. Chase won first i
heat "in" 2:U'i and waa secoud. Excel third, i
Sadie M, Bel Esprit. Dorothea S. Lady Geral
dine Lucretla and Temper also 'Ted.
207 class, pacing, purse $17,00; three in five — I
Lady of the Manor won ln straight heats.
Time— 2:o6^. 2:05%, 2:->SU- Prince Albert sec- j
ond Nlfol i> third. Hontas Crook, Democracy.
Royal R. Sheldon, Hydrogen. Chral. Passing j
Belle and Courier Journal also started.
The Old Hickory, 2:13 trot, purse $3225; three '
In five- < unfinished)— Charley Herr won first j
heat m 2:10. Peter the Great won second heat !
In 2:'}S^. Fred Kohlin, Ed Lock, Queen Alfred. .
Norvet, Piloteen, ■ -ntei la. Ruby, Tudor
Chimes and Kate McCracfcen also started.
■ ■* ■
"CALLS" of Thursday, 24th. Fri-
"CALLS" of Thursday, 24th, Fri
day, 25th, Saturday, 26th, and Sun- ,
day, 27th, wrapped ready for mail
ing, 20 cents. Write or leave order
at Call Business Office.
A HONOLULU BELLE TO
WED AN ARMY OFFICER
MISS ADELE WIDDIFIELD.
nNE of the leading events in social circles in Honolulu will take place
I y within a short time, when Lieutenant John Howell of the Sixth Artil-
tery, U. S. A., will lead to the altar Miss Adele Widdifield, one of the leading
. rl un the islands.
belles and who is said to be the most beautiful girl on the islands.
The prospective bride was born in Honolulu and is the daughter of the late R.
E Wlddlfleld: an English merchant who settled on the islands in the early, days
and amass-.! a fortune. Although Miss Widdirield's home is in Honolulu, she is
well known in this city, where she has frequently resided for months at a time.
■> X tln«re of romance hovers around the engagement of the young couple. They
met" at a~ g*ard*n Party in Honolulu given by Mrs. James Irwin at her country res
idence The regard was mutual and within a .... meeting the en
gagement was announced. Owing to Lieutenant Howell's company being ordered
to this city the marriage ceremony had to be hurried.
v,<s Widdifield has a brother in the regular army. When the war broke out
■-my. When the war broke out
he enlisted in the First California Regiment and -was soon after advanced to cor
poral On the arrival of the regiment In Manila young Widdifield was appointed
clerk' to Major Bell. President McKinley presented him with a commission for
bravery in action.
HEALTH BOARD ORDERS
DEPARTMENT CHANGES
The Board of Health held its regular
meeting last night and uisposed of a grisi
of business— none of it of great import-
ance—that had gathered during the past
-tkat ha,! gal
month. Dr. Lawlor on hog ranches and
ptomaine-stuffed shrimps and a few more
shots at the dollar limit taken by differ-
ts at 1 '
ent heads of departments were the prin
cipal features of the session.
Dr! Lawlor reported that he had in- :
Lawtor i
spected numerous hog ranches maintained
within the city limits and that in his
judgment they were all nuisances that
should be abated. He suggested that they
be moved outside the county line. The
matter was referred to George A. Knight,
tfte board's newly appointed attorney.
Dr. Lawlor also reported that he had re-
It :. *
i ceived a communication from the Fisher-
men's Association complaining that par-
ties were engaged in catching shrimps in
the waters off Butch^rtown, in violation
of the law. Chemist Bothe said he was
*
in the middle of an analysis of the
shrimps and action was deferred until
the analysis should be completed.
Dr. Sussdorf. superintendent of the City
and County Hospital, reported that the
female nurses who contracted typhoid
fever at his institution were convalescent.
His report also stated that the hospital
was unusually crowded; there being 393
patients during the present month. The
- _ * nt
sanitary condition remains as last re-
ported. *
A communication from Chief Food In-
' Frmd In-
spector Louis A. Devoto stated that owing
to an insufficient numl>er of inspectors
in his department adequate protection
in his depiirtn
against spurious and injurious foods was
impossible. The matter was referred to
the Board of Supervisors for its informa-
rm*i-
tion.
On. motion of Dr. Keeney. E. H. CofTey
was appointed assistant pharmacist at the
City and County Hospital, vice T. J.
T. J.
Crowley, resigned. Dr. Keeney also moved
that suitable resolutions be drawn up and
engrossed conveying the appreciation of
the board of the heroism of Drs. Tiilman
and Pryor, who volunteered their services
during the late smallpox scare and served
at the pesthouse.
Th- following changes were ordered in
the different departments: August Brooks
elected Health Inspector, vice F. E. Ben-
jamin, removed; H. F. Smith elected Su
perintendent of the City Cemetery, vice J.
O'Kane. removed; State Senator J. A.
. ne, removi ■ J. A.
Hoey elected inspector of the dependent
poor, vice George H. Bassett. removed.
-
Dr. Coffey asked relief of some sort for
the two surgeons now in charge of the
Harbor Hospital. He said they were
*
obliged to work twelve hours each a day,
and that was too much for any well regu
and that was too nr: • * regu
lated physician. Mayor Phelan asked him
what he proposed to do, and Coffey replied
that the Supervisors should be urged to
make provision for one more surgeon at
least. The matter was finally settled by
a resolution to ask Drs. Thompson and
Morrison to go to work upon the promise
of the board to pull every wire on the Su
pervisors for an increase in the appropria
tion.
- . —•-«
VANNING SUSPECTED
OF FIRING HIS HOUSE
Police of San Rafael Searching for
Him, but He Cannot Be
Found.
PAN RAFAEL, Aug. 29.— The authorities
discovered evidence of an incontrovertible
nature to-day that the explosion and tire
which wrecked the cottage of William
Vanning last night were of incendiary ori
gin, and in consequence the town is in a
state of excitement. If the perpetrator of
the deed is discovered it will go hard with
him.
Two gasoline bombs were found, one by
Fire Chief M. Johausen and another by
Joseph Barrow. They were made by cap
ping pieces of inch pipe at one end, in
serting a wooden plug at the other and
drilling a hole in the center for the fuse.
The force with which these bombs ex
ploded drove pieces of window glass
across Fifth avenue. Several wheat sacks
soaked in coal oil and partially burned
were also taken from the building.
Warm praise la heard on all -id,-? for
Dr. W. J. Wickman, Thomas Kerrigan
and James McElroy. to whose prompt ac
tion la due the fact that the business dis
trict of the city la not a mass of smolder
ing ruins. The fire has revived the tales
of cruelty told In connection with Tan
ning's deed in tearing his horse's tongue
out by the roots, and the language used
regarding him ls more forcible than ele
gant. District Attorney Mclsaac has
placed Constable George Agnew tn charge
of the building, and nobody was admitted
r,,-lav but an aeent representing a San
THIEVES LOCATED BY
A WOUNDED HORSE
SANTA BARBARA. Aug. 29.— Some time
ago two young men, R. L. and W. A. Hen
derson, stole a valuable horse and buggy,
which was tied in front of a church in Los
Angeles, and puzzled the officers to ascer
tain their whereabouts until a few days
ago, when they were located In this coun
ty. When they found that they were be
ing pursued they drove the rig up a rough
canyon near Lompoc, and there shot the
horse and -pushed the buggy over a steep
barranca. .___..___.__.__. . . __,
The animal, which they presumed dead,
was only badly injured. It recovered con
sciousness and made its way to the main
road. It was caught and taken to Lom
poc where it was identified as the stolen
horse. The animal was in such a condi
tion that it "had to be shot, but neverthe
less i' was the means of locating the
thieves. After a diligent search the buggy
was found badly demolished in the bot
tom of a barranca.
The men were yesterday arrested, and
to-day Sheriff Hammil of Los Angeles
parsed through here on his way to Lom
poc to secure the prisoners and take them
to Los Angeles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1899.
ST. LOUIS BUSINESS MEN
HAVE A BIG GRIEVANCE
J. C. Stubbs, third vice' president and
general traffic manager of the Southern
Paciflc Company, yesterday received a
printed copy of a complaint filed with the
Interstate Commerce Commission entitled
"The Business Men's League of St. Louis
versus the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe. Southern Pacific and all other trans
continental roads doing a freight business
with San Francisco." The complainants
aver that the railroads discriminate un
justly in favor of S.in Francisco ami other
California terminals and against St. Louis
and other Eastern cities, by making an
unreasonable difference between the rates
for carloads of freight and the rates for
less than carloads of freight. They want
the rates adjusted so that the retail man
can go East and buy of them instead of
the San Francisco jobber.
The articles in the complaint are
lengthy and uninteresting. The sixth ar
ticle explains their grievance. It is as fol
lows:
The petitioner prays that the defendants may
rays that th° defendant* may
be required to answer the charge herein and
that after .hearing and investigation an order
be made demanding the defendants to cease
• -■- ,*.-- •
and desist from said violation of the "act to
regulate commerce."
(a) By removing the present unreasonable
_ the present unreasonable
difference between carload and leas than car
load class and commodity rates.
<b) By establishing a reasonable difference
nable difference
between carload and less than carload rates;
shippers In all territories and buyers in any
quantity be given due consideration.
(Cl By reejuirir.g any article when taken
from classification and lower rates in car
loads be established thereon, to have a re
duction in the same degree aeon the same
commodity in hss than car loads.
(d) By establishing reasonable rates, rela
tively, between Mississippi Itiver points and
the Pa:ift,: Coast, as ce)mpared with rates from
the Eastern seab-iard to the Pacific Coast.
(c) By establishing reasonable rates, rela
tively, between Mississippi River points and
intermediate points east of the Pacific Coast,
as compared with rates from Mississippi River
points to the Pacific Coast.
(f) By making such r.i further orders as
the commission may deem necessary In the
premises. BUSINESS MEN'S LEAGUE.
By '-. P. WALBRIDGE. President.
■ ♦ ■
COLUSA'S OFFICIALS
BEFORE THE EQUALIZERS
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 29.—Repre
sentatives of Colusa County appeared
before the State Board of Equalization
this morning, in answer to a citation
asking them to explain a falling off of
over half a million dollars ln last year's
real estate values. The county was
represented by its Assessor, County
Clerk and full Board of Supervisors.
The explanation made of the decrease
in values was 'hat lands in Colusa had
Long been assessed for more than their
full value, owing to the fear of preced
ing Assessors to appear before the
State board with a reduction. It was
also contended that there had been a
succession of crop failures in Colusa
County and land values had been af
fected thereby.
The period of depression was explain
ed to have commenced in 1593 and it
was claimed that since then there had
been a steady decline of values. As
sessor Hardin contended that' Colusa
County's roll was still 11,500,000 too
high.
Assessor P. O. Eibes, of Glenn
County, who had been cited to explain
a falling off in his roll of 1436.000; stated
it was due to the fact that a large
quantity of land lying along the Butte
County line had heretofore been over
assessed and that this had been reduced
$5 an acre. There had been very little
improvement in his county during the
past year, but the outlook for improve
ments and an Increased roll next year
were good.
PREPARING FOR WAR.
Throughout Peru the Government Is
Recruiting Troops.
Special Cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS3», by James Gor-
don Bennett.
LIMA, Aug. 20.— There is active recruit
ing everywhere, and the Government con
tinues to send troops to the interior. It
is impossible to bring any one down from
Cerro Pasco. A3 all the muleteers are ln
hiding. Business is at a standstill and
the mines are shutting down.
It is reported that there is a faction
near Cerro Pasco which is unfavorable
to the Government troops, but the report
has not yet been verified.
Jeffords Knocks Out Burley
PORTLAND, Aug. 29.— James Jeffords,
the big heavy-weight of California, to
night knocked out Nick Burley of this
city in two minutes at the Olymr : Ath
letic Club. Jeffords' manager to-night re
ceived a dispatch from "Tom" C 'tourke
offering him a "go" with Gus Ri.tilin at
the Lennox Athletic Club, New York
within three months.
-•
Legislator to Be Prosecuted.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gor-
'. *_ Bennett. ' •
LIMA, Peru, Aug. 29.— The Peruvian
House of Representatives, after a noisy
session to-day. authorized the executive
to prosecute Sennor Durand, a member of
the House, for complicity in the recent
rebellion.
Shackelford Succeeds Bland.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., Aug. 29.—In
complete returns received to-night from
the Eighth Missouri District, in which an
election was' held to-day to fill the unex
pired term in Congress of Richard P.
Bland, deceased, show that Dorsey W.
Shackelford (D.) has been elected over
V". J. Vosholt (R.) by 2200 plurality. Com
plete returns cannot be had to-night.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOBLE YOUNG
WIFE DESERTED
BY A SCAMP
. ♦.
Played Traitor to Her!
Dying Mother.
— —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 29. I
Mrs. Rosa Madden, 17 years old, has j
been deserted by the young husband who
owes to her his liberty. Had it not been j
for the girl's pathetic plea to Judge Smith
three weeks ago Madden would now be
in the City Prison.
Last night Police Officer Kyte met the
little woman, who was seeking her hus- I
band. She told the officer of her predica
ment, and It was discovered iter that
Madden had left Oakland, saying he was
going to Tacoma. Before leaving he had
induced his wife to give him the little
money she possessed and which »she had
earned as a domestic in San Francisco
while her husband was detained in
prison.
William Madden, who is a sneakthief
and a dope fiend, has carried out a cruel
deception since the day he met the girl
at her mother's deathbed. About eighteen
months ago the girl's mother, Mr*.
Lewis, died. Prior to her last sickness
Madden, who had been roaming about
the country, made his appearance at the
Lewis home and did general work for his
board and lodging. He assured the dying
woman that he was a reputable young
tradesman and that his home was in
Tacoma, and he had left there to find
work at anything that offered. Before
her death Mrs. Lewis was- so impressed
with Maddens sincerity that she was :
very gratified when the young folks pro
posed marriage. They were wedded Just
before the girl's mother's death.
Rosie Lewis was an Oakland girl, her
father being In th* livery business here
for many years before moving to Sonoma
County t where he prospered and left an
estate valued at $50,000. His death re- ;
vealed a scandal which no one had sus
pected. Many years ago Lewis married
ln the East and had not been divorced ;
when he came to Oakland and married '
Rosie's mother. After his death the
Eastern wife made her appearance, es- I
tablished her claim to the estate and was *
award the property. After this Rosie's :
mother lived in Sonoma County in very :
poor circumstances till she died.
It is Ukelv that Madden will be rear
rested and brought back to Oakland, for '
there are many alleged charges of rob
bery In which he is implicated, and as he
has so thoroughly deceived the court and
his young wife no further leniency will j
be extended to him.
Two Minor Train Wrecks.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— The breaking of a
brakebeam on a car resulted in a wreck
of a freight train at San Lorenzo 'ast
night. Three cars loaded with fruit left
the track, but no great damage was done,
and the wrecking train soon cleared the
CARS WRECKED BY
CLEVELAND STRIKERS
Mob Stones the Crews on the Consoli-
dated Street Railway System at
Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 29.— Rioting and
disorder broke out to-night in con
nection with the strike on the lines
of the big Consolidated street rail
way to-night, and four cars were nearly
demolished, while the crews were com
pelled to flee for their lives. It was only
after determined efforts on the part of
thirty policemen uader Captain Bradley
that order was finally restored.
The first rioting of the evening occurred
on Central avenue, near the Cleveland
and Pittsburg railroad crossing, where an
eastbound car jumped the track, at the
derailing switch. It was about 6 o'clock
and workingmen were returning home
from the factories and mills in the vi
cinity. A mob of several hundred people
soon gathered and the lawless element be
gan to stone the-- car and crew.
Another eastbound car soon arrived at
the crossing and was brought to a stand
still. The motormen and conductors were
pulled from the car and only succeeded in
escaping after passing through a gaunt
let of rocks and stones. The crew of the
first car fared as badly and even worse.
the motorman being badly injured. A
westbound car was also stopped at the
crossing and the crew was nearly mobbed
by the now frantic crowd. The front and
rear vestibules of all the cars were ut
terly demolished, while every window was
broken. They presented a dilapidated ap
pearance when taken to the barns bynhe
wrecking crews.
Later In the evening a mob of about 3wo
gathered at the corner of Central and
Lincoln avenues, which Is a residence
portion of the city. The crew of this car
was saved from serious injury by the ar
rival of a detachment of police. It is ex
pected many arrests will follow the out
rages.
ADDITIONAL ARRESTS IN
PRIZE-FIGHTING CASE
STOCKTON, Aug. 29.— District Attorney
Ashley has determined to prosecute all
the principals and spectators to the box
ing contest held at the rooms of the Ter
minal City Wheelmen last week, in which
affair Alfred Molina received a fatal blow
from John Musick. Five more arrests
were made to-day, making eight princi
pal actors now formally charged. Those
arrested this afternoon are Emil Martin
and Fred Douglass, Mustek's seconds;
F F Fleming and C. A. Meade, seconds
of Molina, and Stuart Griggs, the other
timekeeper whom the officers had been
trying to Identify for some days. Those
already under bonds are Jack Musick. the
blow from whose glove is alleged to have
been responsible for the death of young
Molina. Referee Bob Knowles and one of
the timekeepers. Otto Saibach. »
Musick stands formally charged with
murder and the others will be prosecuted
under the section making it unlawful to
fight for money before an unlicensed club.
It was pretty well established at the
Coroner's inquest that the affair was pre
arranged and that a collection was made.
A list of the spectators is In the District
Attorney's hands and he hopes to secure
enough evidence to hold those charged
for trial in the Superior Court.
♦
RECRUITS ARE BEING
VERY SLOWLY RECEIVED
BOSTON. Aug. 29.— At the Hanover
street recruiting station less than a dozen
men presented themselves to Major Foote
for enlistment in the Forty-sixth. The
new regiment was assigned by Secretary
Root to be recruited in New England for
service in the Philippines, and only two
men were accepted. One of them served
in the Eighth Massachusetts during the
war with Spain. For a usual day of re
cruiting at Hanover street, this is ex
ceptionally poor, and it shows that the
beginning of recruiting for the new regi
ment, though it caused a fairly busy first
day yesterday, is not bringing out any
unusual number of applicants. There will
probably not be any difficulty in filling
the Forty-sixth and the other regiments.
but it will be done at the steady rate that
recruiting has settled down to and not
with the quickness of the Twenty-sixth.
The State camp at South Framing-ham is
now ready to receive recruits, and the
first lot numbered nine men, who left Bos
ton this afternoon.
To Receive the Jurors.
Mayor Phelan is arranging a reception
tor the Jurors of the Phebe Hearst archi- i
tectural competition, and to that end he j
yesterday sent the following communica- !
tion to a large number of citizens:
Mayor's Offlce, City Hall.
Mayor Phelan requests the pleasure of your I
company at his office in the City Hall, Wednes- j
,'ay evening. August 30, at 9 o'clock, to meet I
Informally the Juror's of the Phebe Hearst t
architectural competition.
The architects arriving from Berkeley in the .
evening will visit the City Hall under the illu- ;
minated canopy. The hall Itself will be brilliant- I
ly Illuminated. The Mayor has engaged Cas- :
assa's Band to play in the corridor under the j
dome during the reception. .- f__^'rf>i >V-;
track. There was also a minor wreck at .
the Oakland pier yeaterday afternoon.
Engine 1051 waa hauling a train of ,
twenty cars loaded with coal from Long i
Wharf to the freight yards, when the en- *
gine jumped the track. Two cars loaded j
with t'es followed it and rolled over on
their sides. Had the accident occurred
a moment later the engine and cary
would have plunged Into the bay.
ANOTHER LITTLE BODY
MANGLED BY A CAR
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Esther F. Wahl
stadt, the 3-year-old child of Peter P.
Wahlstadt, residing on Alcatraz avenue.
near Telegraph avenue, is the latest vie- ■
tim to swell the list of those whose lives
have been sacrificed through the stub- i
bornness of a street railway company In
refusing to equip its cars with life-saving
fenders. Shortly after 6:30 o'clock this :
afternoon the child was run over and
killed by a car of the Alcatraz-avenue
branch of the Telegraph-avenue electric
road, running to Lorln station. The
mangled little body was found between
the rails on Alcatraz avenue, near Shat
tuck, by Motorman C. J. Anderaon, who
had charge of the car, on his return trip
from Lorln. and he presumes that the
little one was struck on the previous up
trip, but he claims to be at a loss to
account for the death.
The only passengers on the car at the
time of the discovery of the body were
E. C. Kimble of Adeline station and E.
Matson of Mariposa street. The trio
gathered up the remains, and placing ;
them aboard the car conveyed them to
Cornelius Donovan's saloon, corner of
Alcatraz and Telegraph avenues. There
they were placed on a table in a rear
room, and the Coroner being notified later
he removed them to the Morgue. A hur
ried examination of the body showed that
the child's skull, legs and chest were j
crushed. The inquest will be held to
morrow evening.
Alcatraz avenue for several blocks near
the scene of the occurrence is very sparse
ly settled and how the child on the tracks
could have escaped the motorman's notice
on his up trip is beyond comprehension.
To-night Anderson surrendered himself
at the City Prison, where he was booked
for manslaughter. However, he was im
mediately released on his own recogniz
ance. To a reporter he admitted that on
the up trip or the one previous he had a
front end lady passenger, but he says he
held no conversation with her, for he did |
not know her. "The flrst I knew of the I
accident," said Motorman Anderson, "was
when I was coming from Lorln and I saw i
the dead body on the track about 300 feet j
west of Shattuck avenue. It ls all a mys- i
tery to me. I have looked at my car *
wheels and the board that is used as a
fender, but could find no blood."
It was afterward learned that a little j
brother of the deceased was riding on the !
same car at the time the body was found, j
but he did not recognize the remains as
those of his sister until they were finally j
identified by the grief-stricken father.
The motorman says he had paid the boy** j
fare out of his own pocket. He says. too. I
that near Lorin station he has had great I
difficulty, ln the absence of any conduc- j
tor. in keeping the children from jumping
on and off his car. j
Rev. Dr. Perry May Go to Manila.
OAKLAND, Aug. 29.— Rev. Barton W.
Perry of San Leandro has asked to be
sent as chaplain of the Thirty-fifth Regi
ment to Manila without pay. The iast
call for volunteers made no provision for
chaplains. Rev. Mr. Perry's offer will
probably be accepted.
BAR ASSOCIATION
FAVORS ARBITRATION
Involuntary Bankruptcy Law Consid-
ered, but No Action
Taken.
BUFFALO, Aug. When the Ameri
can Bar Association resumed Its session
to-day the Alde'rmanic chamber of the
City Hall was filled with distinguished
delegates and lawyers of note from differ
ent sections of the country who had as
sembled to listen to the address of Sena
tor William Lindsay of Kentucky.
Several new members of the association j
were elected to-day, prominent among
them being John G. Milburn, president of
the Pan-American Exposition Company.
The committee on commercial law made
its report and promised to report next
year upon the subject of involuntary
bankruptcy. It was the opinion of the
committee that the new bankruptcy law
should be generally supported by bench
and bar.
The recommendation of the committee
on International law in favor of interna
tional arbitration was unanimously
adopted.
The committee on grievances offered a
resolution of sympathy with Maitre
Labori, the defender of Dreyfus, but it
was tabled on a close "vote.
The committee on law reporting rec
ommended that law reDorters form an
association in order to secure uniformity
of style in law reporting.
At the afternoon session Sir William R.
Kennedy, a Justice of the High Court of
Justice of England, was introduced and j
delivered an address on "State Punish
ment of Crime,"
M'LEAN MEN CONTROL
OHIO CONVENTION
District Meeting Breaks Up in a
Free-for-All Fight.
ZANESVILLE. Ohio. Aug. There is
an unusually lage attendance at the
Democratic State convention this year.
The 802 delegates constitute a small part
of the attendance. Clubs in attendance !
in bodies are those from Cincinnati and j
Columbus, the homes of McLean and
Kilbourne.
There is no opposition to a declaration
against Hanna and bossism or the usual
issues. The Chicago platform will be re- ;
affirmed with a strong Indorsement of
Bryan. There is an unusual fight for the
committee on permanent organization, as
the anti-McLean men objected to the Mc-
Lean slate, which Included Congressman
J. A. Norton of Tiffin for permanent
chairman and Hon. Thomas J. Cogan of
Cincinnati for secretary.
The preliminary meetings at 4 pm.
were in some cases much more spirited
than expected and a few continued till
evening. The Kilbourne men contested
every place on/the long lists. The results
show that the McLean men carried four
teen of the twenty-one Congressional dis
tricts to five for the combined opposition,
with the two Cleveland districts con
tested.
At the district meeting General Warner
spoke most bitterly against the McLean
men. After a free-for-all fight th« anti-
McLean men bolted and left the room
bet re this district me 'Ing was concluded.
The McLean men control the contests, the
construction of the platform and every
thing else to-night, as they will the con
vention to-morrow, and are to-night hold
ing the most noisy jollifications.
«
J. HAMILTON LEWIS
FOR VICE PRESIDENT
Ex-Congressman From Washington
Seriously Considering the Ques
tion of Running.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 29.— Friends and
supporters of former Representative
James Hamilton Lewis of Washington are
urging him to become a candidate for the
Vice Presidency in the Democratic con
vention next summer.
Mr. Lewis himself would not be averse
to accepting a place on the ticket, and it
is possible that he may be a candidate.
His friends profess to believe that he
would stand an excellent show of being
selected. They say that in the National
Democratic Convention In Chicago in IM*;
his name was presented by the State of
Washington for Vice President, receiving
the seventeen votes cast by Oregon,
Washington, California and Alabama. He
has become better known to the country
at large- through his eccentric manner and
conspicuous dress. Lewis, Is not regarded
seriously by anybody but himself. He is
so vain that he cannot realize he is a
laughing stock.
OPPOSITION TO PACIFIC MAIL.
PANAMA, Aug. Advices from
Guatemala state that the agency of the
Kosmos line of steamers has made the
announcement here that the steamer
Tanls, leaving Hamburg on September 15,
will inaugurate a service to San Fran
cisco in competition with the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company. \
MINISTER ASSAULTED
BY HIS SON-IN-LAW
FRED CLEAVES' COWARDLY AT-
TACK ON REV. G. MORRIS.
TACK ON REV. G. MORRIS.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 23.— A warrant was
issued this moraine for. the arrest of I
Frederick Cleaves of Napa on a charge j
of battery. Cleaves beat his father-in
law, Rev. George Morris, last evening at !
the latter's heme, 631 Railroad avenue. \
Mr. Morris is an old man and was the
first pastor of the Congregational church j
of this city.
Cleaves, it appears, has not been sup- i
porting his family, consisting of his wife ;
and four children, for more than a year.
By an understanding between himself and
his wife. Cleaves came to Alameda yes- !
terday evening for the purpose of getting !
his .children and taking them to their |
grandfather's ranch, near Napa. He
called at the residence of Mr. Morris yes- |
terday and asked for his children. His !
request was complied with, and he then j
demanded to be allowed to see his wife, ]
but Mrs. Cleaves had expressed a desire
not to see her husband. He attempted
to force his way to her room, but her •
father shut the door and locked it. j
Cleaves broke the door open and in his |
•rage struck his aged father-in-law sev- ,
eral blows about the face, breaking his
eye glasses and blackening his eyes. Mr.
Morris' face was also badly bruised. Bert I
Morris, a son, happened to come into the
house at this time and interfered in his
father's behalf. Cleaves then left, taking '
the children with him. He seemed much .
amused over what he had done, and
laughed as he walked out of the yard.
This morning Mr. Morris appeared before
City Recorder St. Sure and swore to a
complaint charging Cleaves with battery.
A warrant was issued and given to Con
stable Wahmuth to serve. Cleaves had |
already disappeared, and it is presumed
went to Napa.
Cleaves is a prominent worker in the
Christian Endeavorers and Boys' Brigade.
He was formerly captain of one of the
Alameda Boys' Brigade companies, and
took an active part in religious work in I
Alameda, Oakland and Berkeley, and his
character was considered- beyond re
proach. Cleaves married Miss Kate Mor- '
ris ten years ago. He was a good pro- ',
vider for his family until about three
years ago. when, it Is said, the majority !
of his salary found its way into the book
makers' hands at the racetrack. Several '
months ago the Sheriff took possession of
the furniture and household goods to sat
isfy a judgment of a San Francisco furni
ture house. Mrs Cleaves was left in desti
tute circumstances and was compelled te ,
go with her children to her father, who
was then living at Santa Cataline. Lat-^r ;
on Cleaves wrote to his wife that he hud
secured a judgment against the furniture
house and had been awarded $700 dam
ages, but as he failed to send her any of
the money to return to him, or in anyway
to provide for his children, Mrs. Cleaves
wrote to her husband and told him he
would either have to provide for the chil
dren or take them and care for them '
himself. He consented to take the chil
dren, and Mrs. Cleaves came to Alameda
to turn the children over to her husband.
Rev. George Morris is over 70 years of
age. He is the father of Justice of the
Peace Henry T. Morris and of George I
Morris, the grocer. Mr. Morris is a pio- j
neer minister and is at present in charge]
of the Congregational mission at the West j
End. The residents of the West End are j
very much wrought up over Cleaves' cow
ardly attack upon the aged minister, who
Is held in high -esteem by every one of I
them. Cleaves is in Napa and has not yet j
been arrested. J
THEY WERE DESERTED
BY CRUEL SPOUSES
OAKLAND, Aug. Ella Barlow was j
granted a divorce to-day by Judge Greene
from George B. Barlow on the ground of
desertion. At the trial neither party ap- j
peared, but Mrs. B. C. Ingalls, plaintiff's !
sister, testified that Barlow had deserted
his wife some time ago, taking all the
community property he could find and
leaving his wife ill and destitute. Witness
did not know of Barlow's present where
abouts, but supposed him to be in jail,
stating that when last heard from he was
being arrested for train robbery. * Mrs.
Barlow's alimony was fixed at $30 per
month for support of her child and $10
monthly for herself as long as she re
mains single. ; '-'■-.. .*'■" _?■•'_ -y
. Gustavus W. Dorn to-day filed suit for
a divorce from Louisa Dorn. alleging de
sertion; Kate Lucy Myrick filed a divorce
suit against P*obert Luther Myrick, alleg
ing willful neglecL
Daniel M. Connor, the well-known Hay
wards attorney, is being sued by his wife,
Marie Jeanette Connor, for a divorce. At
torneys Crowell and Leach filed the com
plaint late this afternoon. The action is
based on technical desertion.
• ■ ♦ *
MISS M'MENOMY EXPIRES
WHILE PLAYING PIANO
OAKLAND. Aug. 29— Miss Lydia Mc-
Menomy of Golden Gate died suddenly
while playing a piano. The young lady
had enjoyed the best of health and no one
suspected that she was subject to heart
disease. Last evening Miss McMenomy
was in attendance at choir practice and
returned home' in her usual good health.
This morning she was playing in a room
where her mother was sitting, when she
suddenly fell off the piano stool and ex
pired. Medical help was at once sum
moned, but the young woman was be
yond its aid. The deceased was 21 years
of age and was the daughter of Captain
J. H. McMenomy, a market proprietor of
San Francisco.
OAKLAND WELCOMES VETERANS
Alameda County Volunteers Given a
Big Reception.
OAKLAND, Aus. 29.— Oakland Veterans
OAKLAND. Aup. 29.— Oakland Veterans
and Ladies of Relief Corps tendered a re
ception to-night to the members of the
First California Volunteers who hail from
Alameda County. Many guests were ban
queted and Loring Hall was one mass of
appropriate decorations. The visitors from
the Presidio were met at the train by
Company A, Veteran Reserves, and es
corted to the hall, where Mayor Snow
welcomed them.
Following the -Mayor, welcoming ad
dresses were delivered by Hon. George C.
Pardee. County Superintendent of Schools
T. O. Crawford. Professor P. M. Fisher
of the Central School and others. These
were interspersed by musical numbers.
A song written to the returning soldiers
by Harry Lawrence, tenor solo by R. L.
Potter, "Home Again," and Home, Sweet
Home," by Mrs. Blake-Alverson; song by
A. Leale. "Take My Uniform to Mother,"
sung by G. W. Arbuckle, and a piano solo
by Miss L. C. Moore.
At the conclusion of the programme a
banquet proved one of the crowning
features of the festivities.
Back From Dawson City.
OAKLAND, Aug. George W. Pat
terson has returned from Dawson City.
"I met a number of Oaklanders during
mv travels in the country," said Mr. Pat
terson. "Frank Smith, son of the
superintendent of Mountain View Ceme
tery is located at Dawson and is doing
well.' A fellow named Knox oi Hay
wards came out with me from Dawson.
but will go back in the spring to look
after his claims there. J. H.. Fairchild
has some good properties on Bonanza
Creek I camped with him last winter.
Young Miller of Golden Gate is also In
Dawson, where he is practicing as a
lawyer. ' -,
Alexander Campbell, former manager
of the Hotel Metropole. has also returned
from Alaska. ■
In speaking of the discoveries over at
Cape Nome. Mr. Campbell declared
them to be wonderfully rich. It is the
sea beach that is being worked, and in
some instances men make as high as
$250 a day. This, however, i.- a dread
ful contrast to the fate of those who
went to Kotzebue Sound. Of the 1500
people who flocked to that place fully
one-third died, said Mr. Campbell, and
the survivors are being brought out
by the revenue cutter Bear at the Gov
ernment's expense.
"A 'Bowery Girl" Captivates.
OAKLAND. Aug. 29.— "A Bowery Girl"
is the bill at the Dewey Opera-house this
week, and the opening night. last evening.
was well attended. Miss Gracre Plaisted,
as the Irrepressible "girl.-" captivated the
audience. Next week "The Octoroon"
will be presented.
Every home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
The Head of the House
The Head of the House
has many cares and responsibilities
resting upon his shoulders, and when
they are increased by poor laundry
work the yoke galls.
Our laundry work gives comfort and
satisfaction to the wearer.
"No saw-edges."
United States Laundry. Offlcs
1004 Market Street.
1004 Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office, 514- Eleventh St.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
WOMAN'S BREAST AND MAN'S LIP
most common
I^^. -'l»-e<ta. lS«%l guarantee a
Wi»Bgfg'.; flr"*'l******- " jBBr cure of u^cat*
Y.**J93ti&; fl B cure of unseat-
VWS&L Sgr!S- tered external
U&TZt /^SK?** mßtt <" &nee r . NO
*&? a>T / **25^ X * \F ? ° R
\ /{ seen ln my of-
\» '■* > -Jf 1 flees. Lady at-
Breait
And if allowed to get large always poisons ths
And lf allowed to get large always poisons tha
glands in the armpit. When cancer In ths
armpit gets large cure la almost Impossible. '
BOOK SENT FREE
"With addresses and testimonials of thousand*
I have cured ln California.
S.R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., SF.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM.
E7Send this to some one with cancer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
WW,- wharf, San Francisco.
ihk For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
■§**£'*2is<ai'a August 19. 24, 29. September 3.
y-sTfeSiVSja change at Seattle.
BffisJS**? «| For Victoria Vancouver (B.
r-fgyVdCCTei*! C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
/wa4Era|i,l Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
* and New Whatcom (Wash >.
10 a. m. August 19, 2*. W.
September 8. and every fifth day thereafter:
charge at Seattle to thiscompany's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.:
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 P. m., August
17. 12. 27. September 1. and every fifth day
thereafter. _ _,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport » a. m.. August 20. 24. 28. September
1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles).. 11 a.
m.. August 18. 22. 2«. 30. September 3. and every
fourth day thereafter. - ■
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
i Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Pai. Santa Rosal'%
I and Guaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
mrr.th. . 
For further Information obtain folder.
For "further Information obtain folder.
The company re3erves the right to chanu
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
a"d hrmr* nt n'tinr
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 8. R. & N, CO.
TRE 8. R. & N. CO.
if- DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
- DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS T9
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC «12 First Claaa Including Bert*
IAnC SS Second Class and M-eala.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Aug. 2«, Sept. *
COLUMBIA sails Aug. 21. 81. Sept. I*l
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
AMERICAN LINE.
-TEW TORX. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDOU, PASTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis August 30lf?t. Louis Sept. V)
St. Paul Sept. « St. Paul Sept. 27
New York Sept. 13! New Tork Oct. 4
RED STAR LINE.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwern.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland Aug. 301 Kensington Sept. 20
Southwark ....Sept. 6 j Nordland Sept. 27
Westernland ..Sept. 131 Frlesland Oct. 4
EMPIRE LINE.
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle, St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
PaVMftntfl S. S. Alameda sails
KjDMHI vla Honolulu and
t""*^' Auckland for Sydney
™ Wednesday, Septem-
'Xy^y\*r\ ber 6. at 10 p. m.
IMnKntnJ The s- s- Australia
HWlllOlllU^ sails for Honolulu
-fnmß?i?£l~ Wednesday. Septem-
tVHUAiiCfeT ber 20. at 2 p. ra.
Favorite Line Round the World, vta Hawaii.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia, India, Sues.
England etc.; $610 first class.
i D. SPRECKELS k BROS. CO.. Mats.. 114 Montqcmen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight 0Wce.327 Market St
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA-
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. , _ ... _.. ._ _
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MARU Friday. October *
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday, Nor, 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. cor. First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
FOR GAPE NOME
foFcapelome
ANVIL CITY.
STEAMER ALOHA TAKES PASSENGERS
STEAMER ALOHA TAKES PASSENGERS
and freight, leaving Tuesday. September .>.
1599 For full particulars apply J. S. Kimball
CO.. 22 Market st., San Francisco. Cat
COMPAQNIS 6ENKRALE TBANSATLASTIQU*.
COMPASWIS SENIRALB TRANSATLAimQUI.
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. £-_s__em_
tailing every Saturday at 10 a. m <Tlgff
from Pier 42. North F.,ver. foot of *"«»»
Morton st LA TOUitAINE. Sept. I: LA
CHAMPAGNE F-t. 9; LA GASCOGNE. Sept.
m"£a BRETAGNE. Sept. 23: LA TOURAINE.
Sept 30. First-class to Havre. Ife and up-
ward & per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. 145. 10 per reduction
on r und trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hut' m buildin::). New York. J. F. FU-
QK7.I & CO., Paciflc Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gnmerv aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB I). S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4S
a m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. J
p m. Landing and offlce, Mlsslon-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE , i .....«.Wo
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
• 'wiisii.ii , , ...... .:.'. ■__
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Coll, corner Of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
MO Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
689 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(16 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
f MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and A. •
M Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) .-Ja.
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- SLIT
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /¥'
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. ■'
M -Degree Three THIS (WEDNES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING, August 30, at e:3O;YJt
By order of the W. M. ' W. *
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. K. and A. *
M Special meeting Tins (WEDNES-^%
DAY) EVENING, August SO, at 7:30 jLJfC
o'clock. Third degree. ■• '2** *
THEO E. SMITH. Secretary,
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— a '
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) .A
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third De- "W; Jf
gree. H. C. BUNKER, Sec, p. t. . rv^
KNIGHTS of tiie Red Branch- Attention: *
The K. R. B. Hall Association will ,Ka
meet at the hall, 1133 Mission st. THIS bx*£&
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. August -****■
30, at 8 o'clock. Very Important business
will be transacted. THE PRESIDENT^
I NOTICE of meeting of stockholders of The R'.s- \
don Iron and Locomotive Works, to take into j
consideration proposed increase of capital
stock.
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant to a j
resolution and order of the board of directors
of The Rlsdon Iron and Locomotive Works, a <
corporation organized and existing under and i
by virtue of the laws of the State of Califor-
nia, and having Its offlce and principal place j
of business at the city and county of San
Francisco, In said State, unanimously adopted j
at a regular meeting of said board held on j
the seventh day of August, In the year one ,
thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, a
meeting of the stockholders of said corpora- I
tion will be held on Wednesday, the Eight-
eenth Day of October, In the year one thou- |
sand eight hundred and ninety-nine, .at th» *]
hour of two o'clock in the afternoon of said
diy. at the offlce of said corporation, which
la at the building situate on the easterly cor-
ncr of Beale and Howard streets, in said city
and county of San- Francisco, the same being i
the principal place of business of said corpo- |
ration, and being the building where the
board of directors of said corporation usually |
n-eets ;
That the object of said meeting is to deter-
That the object of said meeting ts to deter-
mine whether or not the capital stock of said I
corporation shall be increased from one million
dollars, divided Into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a capital stock
of one million one hundred thousand dollars.
divided into eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars each;
That the amount to which It Is pcoposed to
increase the said capital stock Is one million
one hundred thousand dollars.
By order of the board of directors.
L. R. MEAD.
Pecretarv of The Risdon Iron and Locomotive j
Work?
Dated August 8. 1899.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
si . on WEDNESDAY. August 23, 1899, at
8:30 p. m.. for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before it. Transfer |
becks will close Friday, Aug*. IS. at 4 p. m. ;•
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM, Secretary.
The above meeting postponed to Aug. 31.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
&DVICE free; P.. W. King, attorney at law.
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts, i
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
Mag: IRE &- GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
quire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla- j
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. BK-865 Market St.: tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private: j
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 830 Market, cor. Stocktn. .
J. V. PARKER. 916 Market St.. room 67; advice
free: charge low; business pushed.
*■ JLE & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927 I
Market: consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: do charge unless successful. W.
V.". DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ACCOUNTANTS.
B. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits & .
adjusts accounts for corporations & Anns: ref. ,
BICYCLES For Sale or Exchange. I
COLUMBIA bicycles rented and sold at Al-
len's Immense blcyclery teaching, Academy I
Hall. 80x100 feet: repairing. I'"!'; •■- V.'.-. Page.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEIT^AIKMOUNT— Strictly first-class: 1714 |
Market St.. S. F, Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
cr en suite; board nnd room. $1 per day up; j
suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms, ,
EOc; special rates by month, also to tourists. '<
FRUITVALE; priv. board; extensive grounds,
Incl. orchard; Hopkins House. Hopkins and
Frultvale ay. ; cars puss. Ad. Diamond P. O.
VAN NESS aye.. 1714— Lovely home for select
guests; excellent table: tastefully furnished
rooms; prices moderate; references.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op. c
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; ;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
SEVENTH. 226— Sunny rooms and board; good
table; large, pleasant rooms; reasonable. |
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY wishes baby or child to board; mother's
.-are given. Call or address 735 Folsom st.
CHILDREN boarded: good care. 15 Dame St., j
off Thirtieth, near Church.
— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. ;
Holmes Bo Co., 704 Mission St.. near Third. !
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s4so; PARTNER wanted, man or lady, in j
flrst-elass paying "home bakery, delicacy and
lunch house; close to Powell and Ellis sts.; j
$100 for each partner guaranteed. Particulars ;
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$850; RESTAURANT, opp. City Hall; good
estab place; best class of custom: fullest In-
vestigation solicited. R. G. WILKE, 9u6
Market St.
A— s2so— RESTAURANT dolus a good business
on Larkin st. ; rent low; splendid place fur
man and wife. It. G. WILKE, 906 Maiket st.
$500— SALOON establ. many years; clearing
above $100 per month; close to Market and
Fourth sts R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$300; PARTNER wanted by a lady In a flrst-
class leaving saloon; very best location; low
rent; Investigate at once. R. G. WILKE,
806 Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point: rent $40 a good-paying store: estab-
lish years; full value In sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 900 Market st.
DOWNTOWN grocery and bar $350 i
Downtown cigar store $225 j
Downtown saloon $600
Downtown billiard $300
All bargains- we have a large list. PACIFIC
COAST EXCHANGE. 1007% Market nr. 6th.
. A— s7oo— BAKERY, Western Addition; 6 sunny
living rooms; 3 horses, wagons; fine condition;
bakes 2% barrels flour dally; owner there 9
years. STENBERG, 26% Kearny st.
A CIGAR stand; centrally located and must be
sold this day. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
A $400 SALOON on Market St.; bargain;
owner retiring from business. See COWING
& CO.. 993 Market st.
{500 — Paying grocery; good stock; location < >. K.
$2000 — Restaurant and 7 rooms; makingmoney.
$250 — Centrally located saloon; rare chance for
right party. German-American, 34 Kearny st.
$3500; WORLTH $7000.
Lot 100x200, corner San Leandro road and
Rose St., in Fitchburg: new building, contain-
ing store, saloon. 7 rooms, all Improvements;
In perfect order; fine garden: stable and ware-
house; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant roadside re-
sort: must he sold; account sickness of owner.
Apply on premises to C. CLUNDT; San Lean-
dro electric car passes door.
$200— RESTAURANT; must be sold" at once on
account of departure. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777% Market at. |
WOOD and coal yard, 2 teams: sales CO tons
monthly. BECK, 935 Market st. .
PARTNER wanted in good paying fam-
ily hotel;, bargain. C. HENDERSON, 304
Montgomery' street.
HOTEL to lease; 30 minutes from S. F. ; 35
rooms; rent cheap; 20 boarders. Inquire
JOHN HOSS. $08 Kearny st.
$700— MILK route; 66 gallons. per day; 3 horses,
1 wagon and buggy and cans. Address 313
Langton st.
BLACKSMITH shop, building, tools and seven
years' established trade; must be sold; in-
quire of owner. 520 Bush St., room 19.
SALOON and lunch house. 150 First St., cor.
Natoma, or 224 Front St.; no agents.
**
BUSINESS CHANCES—
CALL and see my lists of fine business propo- .
sitions; flne paying restaurants, coffee hoas^s^. *■
saloons, groceries, hotels, city, country mer-
chandise stores for sale and exchanged;
money loaned on furniture at 1% per cent.
EITEL, 1008% Market st.
WANTED" Capitalist to take half Interest in a
marine ■ invention for $1000; value $100,000.
Address box 2442, Call office.
WANTED— Lodging house;- 30 to 45 rooms; cen-
tral; cash buyer; no agents. Box 1343, Call.
BAKERY and delicacy; suitable for man and
wife; good -location; cheap. Apply Call.
$76— EXPERIENCED partner wanted ln oyster
and chop house. 307 Grant aye.
WANTED— Partner ln printing business. 344
McAllister st.
WHOLESALE and retail wine business on
Market st.; established 9 years: steadily grow-
ing bar and family trade; domestic reasons
for selling; intending buyers with ready cash
address for particulars D. E. N.. box 3203,
Call Office; no agents or trlflers.
WANTED— Gentleman of prepossessing ap-
pearance, good language, justness Qualities
and wits, as business manager. For particu-
lars call on DR. J. H. PARSEGHIA, Cali-
fornia Hotel. 11 to 1 p. m., and 5 to 6 p. m.,
for three days.
FOR rent— Steam laundry In Watsonville; flne
opportunity for right man; no reasonable of-
fer refused. Address J. BRENY, P. O. box
84, Watsonville, Cal.
CORNER store, Twenty-second and Castro sts..
new fixtures, for groceries and bar; good
Stand. BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st.
FRUIT and candy store; doing good business;
good location; proprietor sick; terms reason-
able; trial given.' Address box 3225, Cull.
WANTED— Capital to back manufacture of
automobiles, gasoline motors, etc. ; have fa-
cilities. Box 2401. call.
ACROPOLIS chophouse, on Sutro Heights: ,
cheap: going to Europe. No. 5, half a block
from baths.
DELICACIES and candy store for sale cheap
if sold at once; 2 living rooms. 148 Fifth st.
RESTURANT; good location; low rent: suit-
-1 able for man and wife. 1941 Market st.
j OYSTER stand to let. Apply 236 Third St.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & C0.'5.\412 Sacramento st.
i BOARDING house and saloon for sale; cheap, j
j 135 Folsom St.
PRIVATE boarding house: 15 rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call office. _ *
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call offlc**^
! BARGAIN— Meat market; $200:. splendid local-
ity; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this .
paper. Apply Call office^ *
FOR sale— A good home bakei'y; particulars at
2555 Market St.. near Sixteenth. J. McElllgott. j
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS. j
FOR SALE— Horse, wagon and harness; cheap.
Apply 1448 San Bruno aye.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. .
100 SETS '.-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. |
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING, f
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- | .
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40, j
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 403 Sutter St.; '
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. (
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Hth
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatin-^Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS..
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure ;
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. •
Agent. Office and factory 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND MIKITIAUSM. i
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life While" entranced she will reveal every i
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles: restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future.
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular ;
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK. .
1023% Market St., near Sixth. Always consult -
the tx-sU !
MME LANGE the great clairvoyant, tells past
MME. LANGE. the great clalrvoyanL tells past
and future; never falls; has the greatest c (
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody: lucky numbers. 1167 Market St., ■>
bet. "Seventh and Eighth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and :
card reader; born with double veil and second ;
Fight- diagnoses disease; full life readings; -
ladies. 50c; items, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk. .
JOHN SLATER— to-night. 8:15; sittings
daily. 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
AN honest medium:- truthful messages or no !
charge; readings Jl. 969 Hayes st.
A* ROY the- best fortune teller for the past, j
i present and future. 263 Third St.. nr. Folsom. j
I MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 23 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
' MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist:
past. present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St.. r. 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
J reader: 2."c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
I GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed |
j power in spiritualist reading, 25c up. 5 7th. ;
. YOUR fortune told by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a. j
m. to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7tolo p. m. 619% Larkn. ,
MRSC. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed. Sat. ; 2 & 8 p.m.,10c&-25C sittings dally.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
I MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
j MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 222 Stockton.
" COLLECTION OFFICES. "
' GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 9-7 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage. 5 and 6 room«; corner flat of
7 rooms, bath, gas; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st,
near Dolores.
DENTISTS.
j A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlor*. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold |
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c; i
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that flt
from $4 50 up* flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings nnd Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
1... DENTISTRY. SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and the nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see* our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings, 60c: crowns, $3 50; plates.
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth i
without plates our specialty; gold crowns, I
$5 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- I
fice hours, 9a. m to 10 p. m. Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM. HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. Id**! Post.
EDUCATIONAL.
THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges:
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
DANCING— Both adult and children's classes
, at Hlnman's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk St.
and corner of Howard and Twenty-flrst sts.,
are now open for the season..
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, A L GUST 30, 1899. I
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post at.. San
" Francisco-Bookkeeping. ..bpßin*?ss practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice ' design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80- page cata-
logue free. _^____________
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. short-
hand typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish telegraphy, under Qualified teacher; low
rate's: life scholarship. 150: catalogue.
IB L MINER gives lessons, private or class,
in Latin, mathematics, physic*-, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green st. *
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm
ing, mech. survey.assay.archi. ; day and eve.;
est. 1864 VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpstc; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
SINGING, piano: Paris grad.; French, Spanish, ,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
MISS Guadalupe Yallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent: translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"•EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
mess College. 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlc.grammar.wrlting;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant a 6.
EMPLOYMENT AA'ANTED FemaIe.
FIRST-CLASS Infants' nurse desires situation;
best of ref.; city or country. D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at second
wurl or nurse; city or country. D. CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires situation
at housework or cooking; best of ref.; city
or country. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation in country; good cook and house-
worker. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish cook desires situation;
American family; good reference. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation: under- '
stands all branches of cooking: city or coun-
try. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
GOOD American woman wants work by the
day; cleaning empty houses; also carpet
cleaning and all kinds of work: fine worker:
$1 a day and car fare. 276 Jessie st., near
Fourth, first floor, room 1.
CULTURED elderly lady, amiable and pleasant
companion, will assist in home, lodging-
house or hotel In return for comfortable
room and board; city or country'; references.
Box 2446, Call office.
WANTED— Position in Sonoma County by a
cook; is a good baker: would like the privi-
lege of having her five-year-old boy with
Ler. Address MRS. S. COOK, Aqua Callente.
WANTED— Situation by a young lady in re-
fined family to do upstairs work an.l sewing
or assist with children; no objection to coun-
try, call from 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. 910 Pine St.
YOUNG lady wishes situation to do general
housework or upstairs work; good sewer; no
children: $20 to $25. Apply 1037 York St.,
near Twenty-third.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, will do house-
work; city or country; reference. 16 Willow
aye., off Larkin st., near Ellis.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply 152
Clinton Park.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
housework In small family; wages $16 to $IS.
1422 Devisadero st.
WANTED— Situation by competent Swedish
girl to do housework in private family. Ad-
dress care Swedish pastor, 13 Glen Park aye.
EXPERIENCED nurse Is free to wait on lady
in confinement: can give reference. Address
Nurse, 15 Powell St.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation at upstairs
work or housework and plain cooking. Ad-
dress 214', Fillmore st., near Haight.
YOUNG lady, experienced and well recom-
mended, desires position as' bookkeeper. Box
2449, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS washer and ironer wants work
for Thursday and Friday. Call at 312 Van
Ness aye.
YOUNG girl wishes place to assist housework
and cooking; no children. Call 6 Camp St., oft
Guerrero, between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
YOUNG lady, with a child, wishes situation as
housekeeper. Call or address 515 Eighth st.,
Oakland.
GERMAN woman would like to have position
at light housekeeping. Box 3226, Call.
WOMAN wants housework, washing and iron-
ing. 1579 Fifteenth St., near Mission.
BY a competent stenographer and typewriter,
$15 per nionth; no trlflers. Box 2450. Call.
A GERMAN girl wishes position to do upstairs
work for a goo* home and small compensa-
tion. Address box 2212, Call office.
YOUNG lady educated In all English branches
and in music desires position as governess;
city or country- Address MISS W., IUO Stan-
yan st. •
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes position to
do housework in small family or would keep
house for widower with children; no trlflers.
22 Fifth St., room 5.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation 'in
American family to do plain cooking and
general housework; wages $20. Address 3722
Folsom st. |
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry. -*":.* ■-■•*
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
SALARY no object: young man wants light
work around private place or roadside hotel;
can assist at bar, lunch counter and do plain
cooking; letters only.' HARTLEY, care . of
Mr. James Anderson. Milwaukee Insurance
'., 410 California st.
AMERICAN couple would like situation, pri-
vate family; good all-round man; wife good
cook; good reference; country preferred. C.
A.. 116 Fulton st. .
WANTED— By a steady, reliable man from the
East, a position as salesman, shipping clerk
ln commission house or wholesale. Box 2416,
Call offlce.
MAN and wife wish situation; man is good
milker and understands care of horses; . wife
good cook and housekeeper. Address box
2421, Call office.
ATTENDANT to Invalid gentleman or nurse,
by experienced nurse; masseur; Al refer-
ences-; low wages; willing to travel. Box
2422, Call offlce.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; good refer-
ences; state the wages. Address box 3232, Call.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation in a
good family. Box 2415, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as second gard-
ener; understands horses and cows; refer-
ence. Address room 62, 214 Third st.
BAKER and pantry cook wants situation in
good house: wide experience and good refer-
ences. GEORGE STOLL. 781 Mission St.
STABLEMAN— A Scotchman, 40 years old, total
abstainer, experienced, would like a position.
Address THOMAS TODD. 527 Sacramento St.
WANTED— By young man, window or house
cleaning or other work; wallpaper cleaned.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; tele-
' phone East 963. ,
YOUNG man desires . poil .on with private
family; can milk, care for horses and gar-
den;- references. Box 3208. Call office.
EXCHANGE.
12 ACRES silver prunes, cherries, peaches, ap-
ples and nuts; beautiful home; good Income:
exchange for lodging house. BECK. 935 Mkt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.- ~*
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 Market St., t San Francisco..
FLATS TO LET.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 067 Market st.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1010 Leavenworth,? $40 2727 Jackson. 7 r $33
811 Mission, 9 r.537 50 665 McAllister. 7 r..530
534 Haight, 7 r..527 5C 1349 Howard. 6 r $21
756 Folsom. 7 r.s2l 00J1990 Ellis. 6 r $18
1134 Howard. 6 r.s2o 00 132 Scott. 6 r.. $18
121 Cedar ay., 6 r. 51511609 Turk. 6 r $17 50
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat;- modern
Improvements; 1000 Webster St., cor. Golden
Gate aye.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
BUSH. 1209%— 4 rooms; rent $12. Apply
1211 Bush st. -
CLAY, 1443, bet. * Leavenworth and Hyde— One
of the best built flats in the city; strictly
first-class; 8 rooms and bath, with extra
room in basement; rent reasonable. Box
3243, Call offlce.
CLAYTON 872, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat, 6 rooms and batb; cheap.
FLATS TO LET. ______
EDDyTms^A 'strictly"flrst-"c!ass upper 8-room
flat; very sunny; rent reasonable. ±Jox "m.
Call offlce. Xy7 ■
ELGIN PARK, 36, above Valencia, bet. 13th
and Hermann— large sunny rooms, batn, »a,
also 2 large rooms, housekeeping. garden,
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELt.
10 Montgomery st. *
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FLAT of 8 rooms and bath. $27 60. 669 Mc-
Allister st. -
GOLDEN GATE AA'E.. 1200— Sunny corner flat;
5 large rooms; unfurnished.
GREENWICH. 1424, bet. Polk st. and Van Ness
aye.— 6 large rooms, $18; 3 rooms, with stable,
$7. : *
GUERRERO, 911 A, bet. Twenty-flrst and
GUERRERO, 9UA. bet. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second— Fine sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath.
HAMPTON PL., 1. off Folsom, bet. 2d and 3.1—
Sunny bay-window; 3 rooms; bath; basement.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
, crn improvements; rent $15.
LOWER flat. 4 nice rooms. 14 Moss St., bet.
LOWER flat, T^ntce rooms. 14 Moss St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Howard. $12.
MIDDLE flat of 3 rooms. 1310 Larkin st. Apply
1318 Larkin st. _j__
NOE, 597-599, cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms, 13 60;
6 rooms; $17; sunny corner; water free.
PLEASANT, 61, bet. Taylor. Jones and Clay-
Sunny flats of 3 and 4 rooms.
SACRAMENTO, 1230, near Jones— s handsome
rooms. .... y .
SHRADER, 514— $1S; upper flat; 5 rooms; all
conveniences; 1 block from park.
THIRD. 417%— Latest Improved flats; lst. B rms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms.. one kitchen; new build-
ing: both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH, 220. near Howard— Cor. upper
flat; 6 rooms and bath; $16.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3014%— Nice sunny flat, with
cellar; rent reasonable. .
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— 6 sunny
rooms; bath; large lot; $15; water free.
7 SINNY rooms; modern. 624 Golden Gate aye.
Apply 219% Elm aye.: rent $35. .
$20— NEW lower flat, 6 rooms: porcelain bath;
tiled sink; fancy mantels, 2105 Jones st.
3 LARGE rooms. 29 Ringold st.. bet. Eighth
and Ninth, Folsom and Howard; $8.
2 CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
FLATS TO — Furnished.
HOWARD, 2726— Nice lower flat; 6 rooms, bath;
piano; references; rent $25.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$300— NICELY furnished flat of 7 rooms and
bath; nearly new; rent low. 772 Stevenson
St.. near Ninth.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined. 50c, 25c, 30c, 35c and 40c; linen warp
matting. 15c per yard for this week only.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., 1310-1312
Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
c7T-r7rANSEi-T&~car.^^ GRANT 185
Head waitress, $25, and 2 waitresses, $20, for
first-class boarding house, city; head wait-
ress City, $2 50; 10 waitresses, different city
hotels $20; 15 waitresses, commercial hotels,
$20; 3 chambermaids to wait, best city hotels.
$20; chambermaid, $18; chambermaid, $1j
lunch waitress, 50c.
FAMILY ORDERS.
French cook, $35*. second girl, country, $30,
see party here; 11 house girls for different
country towns, $20 and $25; house girl, San
Jose, no wash, $25; SO girls for cooking and
housework, city and country, $15 to $2*j. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. __
WANTED- -First-class second girl and seam-
stress. $23; Protestant second girl, $25; 4 Scan-
dinavian and German cooks, $30; Protestant
laundress, $30; cook and second girl, same
house, $25 and $20: ladies' maid and seam-
stress, $20; nurse for an invalid, $20; 6 sec-
ond girls, $20; 6 restaurant waitresses, $6 a
week; 2 waitresses, nice country hotels, $.0;
5 nurses for children, $20 and $25; German
cook, coffee house, $30; 2 cooks, boarding
houses, $25; 100 girls for general housework
and cooking, city and country, too numerous
to advertise, $20, $25, $30. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, small country boarding house, $30, tare
here. D. CULLBN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, city, $20 each; waitress and
chambermaid. $20 each; 10 young girls as
waitresses, $15 to $18. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young girl to ar-'st, $10 to $15 per
month. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PLAIN laundress $20 per month. D. CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK. San Jose. $25. MISS H." CULLINAN,
COOK. San Jose. $25. MISS H. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $25: nurse, same place, $20;
housework girl. $20, 2 In family. Apply to
MISS 11. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. __ __
2~ COOKS, $35 each; housework, Oakdale $30,
Palo Alto $25, Oakland $20, Modesto $20, New-
man $20, Belvedere $20. and several other
towns; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $20 an.l $25; a number of house- ,
work girls, city, $25. $20 and $15; 8 young girls
to assist, $10 to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN.
323 Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
STUDENTS ln music can obtain rapid and
' thorough knowledge of music in all its de-
tails, absolutely free. For particulars ad-
dress Pacific Branch of Chicago Correspond-
ence School of Music, box SO, Murphy build-
ing, San Francisco.
LADY having 2 or 3 hours' time a day can
make $5 weekly working at home; nothing to
sell; send self-addressed envelope, free sam-
ple. MANHATTAN E. M. CO., 101 . Beck-
man St., New York.
STENOGRAPHER, male or female; state age.
experience, speed and accuracy, salary ex-
pected: position permanent; references. Ad-
dress box 2214, Call offlce.
WANTED— lroners and machine hands for la-
dies' and children's wear at UNITED
STATES LAUNDRY, Sixteenth St., nr Va-
lencia.
AVANTED— A competent girl for cooking and
WANTED— A competent girl for cooking and
general housework; German preferred; ref-
erences required; wages, $25. . 824 Grove St.,
near Fillmore. . ji__
AVANTED— GirI for general housework; 3 ln
WANTED— GirI for general housework; 3 ln
the family: call from 8 to 1 o'clock. 1275
O'Farrell st.
WANTED French or German girl for.
second work; small family; good wages. 2026
California st. : - ;- "--,--'.
GIRL to cook and do general housework; ref-
erences necessary. Call from 8 to 12 at 418
Lombard st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 14 McAllister St., room 53, bet. 8
and 10 a. m.
WANTED— girl to do general house-
work; no washing; wages $25. 6 Chelsea
place, off Bush st., near Powell. -
YOUNG German or Swedish girl; good cook;
general housework; country; 7 ln family; $25.
Thursday, 2 to 4, room 26, fifth floor, 231 Post.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; sleep
home. Call 43 Stanley place, between Harri-
son and Bryant sts.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats. 1575 Turk st.
WANTED A first-class pants finisher. 66 Te-
hama st. : .-■.. :*.* ■*.
GIRL to assist In light housework; wages $S
to $10. 2227 Pine st. '
GIRL wanted to learn bookbinding. Address
box 2420, Call offlce. '
WAITED— Young" girl for general housework;
small family; wages $12. 251 Scott st.
WANTED— A skirt and buttonhole maker by
machine. Ratner Cloak Co.. 1028 Market st.
COMPETENT girl for small family; must un-
derstand cooking; $18 to $20. 1254 Eddy st.
WANTED— Experienced young lady to assist
in dressmaking. 735 A Broadway.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
pants; paid while learning. 461% Minna st.
WANTED— A seamstress. Call at 418% Post St.,
between 10 and 11 a, m.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 511
Van Ness aye. 'X:'i-X".X2 . *
GIRL- to assist in housework; wages $10 to $12.
. 2915 Franklin st. '
WOMAN to work; ehamberwork, housework;
wages $10; call In afternoon. 738 Howard st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; plain
cooking; $10. 1802 O'Farrell street.
WANTED— waitress for 513% Jones st. Call
early. :': " -^
WAITRESS; $5 per week. 12 Washington st.
WAITRESS; $5 per week. 12 Washington st.
GIRL to help on custom made coats; steady-
work: paid well., 214 Seventh St. . 
WANTED — Waitress and chambermaid for
large family. 801 Scott st.
WANTED— Dressmaker and apprentice; paid
while learning. 1318 Larkin st.
COMPETENT nurse for small children; refer-
ences. 1720 Geary st.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats ; wages
$12 per week. 40 Ellis St., room 54.
YOUNG lady for dry goods store with ' some
experience. 1221 Stockton st '
HELP WANTED — Female.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for housework. 716
Green st. .-.>;.. ;
GIRLS wanted for candy factory. LOUIS SA-
RONI & CO., 508 Front st.
WANTED— help. National Laundry,
411 Sanchez st. -,V v
TAILORESS on flne coats; also an apprentice.
629 Post st. - ' . ;_,:-
WOMEN and girls— immedtatelv. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO.. LTD.. "Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
. LTD.. Brannan at., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS'. GIRLS'.
LEVI STRAUSS ft CO., at 32% Fremont St..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WAITRESSES regfstered free at HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12. •
GERMAN girl; small family; general house-
work; good wages. 933 Haight st.
GOOD girl for upstairs work; also girl for
kitchen; wages $15. 521 Post st.
McALLISTER, 797— Girl for general housework;
call forenoon.
OPERATORS; also fprelady; wrappers, skirts,
knee pants. 23 Stevenson st., room 16.
WANTED— nurse and seamstress; I
personal references; none other need apply.
Write or call between 10 and 12 a. m., Thurs-
day. August 31, 107 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
GERMAN girl, upstairs work and assist with
children. Apply morning, 1004 Paru St., Mor-
ton station, Alameda.
WANTED -Good cook for a small family; Ger-
man or Scandinavian preferred; references re-
quired. Apply to 2522 Octavla St.. cor. Vallejo.
WANTED— to work on coats. Apply
24 Montgomery st., rooms 1 and 2.
GIRL for housework and assist with children;
good home. 524 Oak st.
WANTED— First-class German cook with ref-
erences. Apply at 1721 Van Ness aye., bet.
9 and 12.
WANTED— Woman second cook in restau-
rant and to do pastry cooking. 755 Market.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
3448 Twentieth St., cor. Capp.
WANTED— A good waitress; good wages; call
early. 2813 Greenwich st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker accustomed to tail-
or suits. 1622 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on custom
coats. 533 Natoma st.
EXPERIENCED talloress and an apprentice;
steady work. 347 Third st.
GIRL for housework. 1053 Market St., up-
stairs.
GIRL for housework; small family: wages $10.
Apply at 1025 Laguna st.
NEAT young girl for light housework; small
family: good home. 616% Lombard st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants; 75c
and $1 pair; steady work. 411% Kearny st.
WANTED— cleaner, presser; steady
work. 2819 Greenwich St., near Presidio.
AMERICAN man and wife, private family;
wife good cook, man all-around workman;
references exchanged. Address CHARLES
. AYMER, 116 Fulton st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WASTED MaIe:
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.. Em-
ployment agents
offlce fee and railroad fare, both free
6 stonemasons $3 50 a day
15 stonemasons' helpers $2 50 a day
25 tunnelmen, drillers, etc.. s2 to $2 75 a day
50 four-horse teamsters $2 a day
60 two-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
100 laborers, shovelers. etc..sl 75 to $2 a day
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
' FREE FARE.
25 2 and 4 horse teamsters.. s2 day, board $4 50
16 plow holders and dumpers $2 15 a day
15 laborers $175 a day
6 men to help timber .a tunnel $2 a day
FOR THE VALLEY RAILROAD.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
12 teamsters. $1 90 a day; board $4 60.
For new work in the Interior. -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
$100 AND found for an all-round, competent
head laundryman.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
4 MEN to work ln a winery, $1 a day and
found: prune pickers, fruit pickers, almond
pickers, $1 a day and found, for Butte, Contra
Costa, Yolo and Santa Clara counties, no
experience required; 40 men and large boys
wanted. ' :Y
Grape pickers about September 1, $1 and
found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
COOK,' R R eating house, $50; meat cook.
country hotel, $50; second cook, restaurant,
$65; German cook, country, $35; night cook,
$35; 2 waiters, $30, hotel; oyster opener, $35
and found; oyster opener, $7 a week; pot-
washer, $30: vegetable man. $7 a week; 20
dishwashers, $4, $5. $0 and $7 a week: bar-
tender, country, $30 and found. C. It. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
™~ ~ FREE FARE.
20 men to cut beet tops; no experience re-
quired; $1 10 a day and board; fee $1; call j
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
MILLWRIGHT, $3 50 a day; carriage maker, |
$3 a'" day; planer hand, $45 and found; 6 j
laborers for a railroad in the woods, $30 and
found: man about place, $25 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED
FRUIT PICKERS PICKERS
FRUIT PICKERS .
10 men and strong boys to pick fruit for large
company near city; $1 per day and board;
about 3 months' Job; good place. W. D.
EWER ft CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— PIaner manvfor mill in country, $45
and board, see party in city; also woodsmen,
mill hands, laborers, tally men, tie makers,
woodchoppers, etc. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. •
WANTED— miners, $2 23 per day; 3 milkers,
$30; 10 farmers, $25 and $30; laborers for brick
yard, $30; men to pick grapes, etc. W. D.
EWER ft CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Second baker, country shop, fare
advanced, $30 and found; baker, light work,
small school, J2O and found; second cook,
country hotel, $35; cook, country hotel, $35;
cook, small hotel near city, $30; cook. $40;
cook, restaurant in city, $9 week, and others.
W. D, EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Middle-aged man I to work about
produce store in city; reference required; sal-
ary $20 per month and found. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st. *
WANTED— Good 4-horse teamster to haul milk
for dairy' on San Bruno road; wages $30 and
found; steady place. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay St. .
WANTED— A bright young man, well ac-
quainted ln city, as assistant clerk for our
offlce. If you speak German and American
born It is preferred. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— IO men to drive scraper- team, $2
a day; no offlce fee. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 3 cooks and wives, $65, $60 and $45:
French or Italian cook, $55; restaurant and
hotel cooks, $9 and $10 week and $30; waiters
for country, $35; candy maker, fare advanced.
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— $30 and found: stable-
man, $30 and found; dairyman and wife;
farmers, $26 and $30; laborers for all kinds
of work; woodchoppers; machinists for coun-
try; engineer for mine, and many others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
LAUNDRYMEN wanted— lroner. country, $35;
ironer, city, $30; laundryman, Government
station, $35; assistant washer, country, $25:
15 potwashers, dishwashers and kitchen I
hands for best houses In town, $15 to $30, etc. I
ANDRE'S, : 316 Stockton st. -
BELLEOY. $12: sleep home. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st, .
BUTLER. $30 per month. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter st.
MALE help, wages $25, country hotel: bell boy,
city, $15. HOTEL GAZETTE. ; 26 Montgom-
ery sf.
A MILKER; $30. Apply to MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st. .
GOOD cook for coffee house. 307 California st.
DISHWASHER. 269 O'Farrell st.
BOY wanted. Union Square Market store, 1
and 3.
BARBER wanted: steady. 797 Mission st. ,
GENT'S fine oalf shoes to order, $2 50 up; soil-
ing, 20c to ?.sc; he-Ming, 15c up. 923 Howard st
WANTED— good barber; steady work. 1646
' Folk . . - .
HELP WANTED —
MURJVAY~&~READyT7. . ." .PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor-. Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M.
94 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $35, $39. $26 and found,
25 milkers and buttermakers..s3o, $25 ana ro.
16 choremen and boys ::A""U"y\'Z'A
. $30. $26, $20, $15, $10 and found
5 iaborers for deck hands, no experience.......
$45 and found
s' fanners' and 'wi'ves'.'.'- $10, $35 and found
2 gardeners and wives $40. $35 and found
3 milkers and wives $35 $30 and found
..BOILERMAKERS AND BLACKSMITH^..
9 blacksmiths 1V,"""J"i".7~",i
$3 $2 50 day, $50, $45, $30 and found
Cabinetmakers, coal miners, slate splitters.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT AVORK "":•"
IS carpenters, free fare $0 day
Wood turner, wagonmakers, harnessmakers.
upholsterers and clerk, all good Jobs.. s3 day
Mill bench hand and carriage painter, $2 .0
day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
SUPERINTENDENT for laying an electric
light plant. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st. ; ;
2 RANCH FOREMEN $50 and $35 and fd
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
1000.. 0NE THOUSAND FRUITPICKERS..IOOO
men or boys, anybody will suit, for all parts
of California, fare from $1. offlce fee $1; also
• to work in packing and drying houses, help
ship -fruit to California and Eastern markets.
including to Europe, $30 per month and found,
90 days' work. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
950 GRAPEPICKERS •
$30 PER MONTH and found
MURRAY' & READY, 634 and 636 nay St.
GREAT CROWDS GOING. ARE Y'0U?.....
AYE PAY YOUR FARES.. 37 SAWMILLS
and woods in California, $26 to $40 and found
. paid to laborers learn to run machines etc.
(no experience required); YOU WILL SUIT.
MURRAY' & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FREE T0.... L0S ANGELES DISTRICT......
20 teamsters and laborers, free fare.. s2 day
MURRAY- & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE TO ....MADERA COUNTY ....FREE
12 teamsters and laborers, free fare, $1 7o and
$1 90 a day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FREE FREE
GREAT R. R...ALL R. R...BUT ONE R. R.
AYe ship you free (the one R. R. we don t
ship to Is Coast road); drillers, laborers,
• teamsters, etc. ; hammersmen, stone and con-
crete masons, scraper holders, loaders, sec-
tion hands, etc.; wages from $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
787888888 TO THE MINES
2 men to help timber, see boss here, $40 and
found •
86 laborers (no experience required), $34 and
found • • • •
AYE WANT THOUSANDS OF ;.
woodchoppers, tools and food found and $2 50
to $1 cord; tiemakers, FARE PAID, 12c each.
MURRAY & READY', 634 and 636 Clay St.
7~ BIG WAGES
HAY BALERS.... S3 50 day. ...HAY BALERS
55 men to work in hay and harvest fields,
$2 50, $2, $175, $150, $125 day and board
24 laborers for a ranch $60
2*l:, laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California. $3 50, $3, $2 75, $2 50, $2, $175 day..
$3 day. ..39 drillers. ..hammersmen. . .$2 75 day
25 laborers San Mateo Co $60
53 laborers, no experience $75
12 teamsters, four horses $60
9 stablemen, city and country, $40, $35, $30, $25
and found; 5 sandstone cutters, 3 stonema-
sons, $5 and $3 50 day. MURRAY & READY',
634 and €36 Clay st.
LAUNDRYMEN BOY'S BAKERS
12 laur.drymen, come and see, $35, $30, $25 and
found; 3 second, 4 third hands and 5 boys to
learn bakers' trade, $35, $30, $25, $20, $15. $10
and found: 18 boys to learn trades, work in
res. factories, etc., $25, $20, $15, $10 and
found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
54 laborers $2 and $1 75 .day
22 teamsters.. s4o and $26 per month and found
6 laborers for factories $65
MURRAY' & READY', 634 and 636 Clay St.
MAN AS BARTENDER, wife as cook, plain
country hotel, $10 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
35 cocks $50, $55, $45, $40. $30 and found
36 waiters $30, $25 and found
57 dishwashers $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
porters; pantrymen: bell elevator boys
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MISCELLANEOUS
Camp waiter, near city, $25 and fouTtd; sec-
onel washer, steam laundry, $25 and found;
rough washer and run engine, $1 50 day.
MURRAY' & READY', 634-636 Clay st.
FIREMAN for dredger, $35 and found, also
deck hand, same dredger, $30 and found; see
boss at our offlce to-day. MURRAY &
READY', 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— A steady man to All a position of
trust; experience not necessary; security re-
quired; state particulars regarding kind of se-
curity and amount you can furnish: salary $50
monthly and expenses. Box 2444, Call offlce.
WANTED— reliable man for commis-
sion business; pays $15 to $18 a week; refer-
ence not necessary: must have $100 cash. 1016
Market St., room 10. •''.,»,>'
WANTED— man for light offlce and out-
side work; must be satisfied with $16 to $20
per week and have $150 cash; experience not
necessary. 1032 Market St.. room 4.
TAlLORS Coatmakers wanted for the country.
Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and
Second sts.
BOOKKEEPER wanted; must be middle aged.
married man; state references; salary $75 per
month. Address box 2215. Call offlce.
AVOODTURNER. Apply to foreman D. H.
Bibb Lumber Company mill, Stockton and
Beach sts.
BARBER wanted for Wednesday, Saturday
and Sunday; $5. 1104 Fillmore st., corner
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Retail salesman for grocery busi-
ness; give reference and wages expected.
Box 2443, Call.
WANTED— with experience. Apply
at 532 Third st.
SECOND waiter wanted in Park Hotel, 26
Turk st. : - ;
WATCHMAKERS and jewelers wanted; steady
position. Baldwin Jewelry Co., 846 Market st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. lst and 2nd sts.
LARGE boy to run errands ln a tailor shop.
138 Russ st.
WANTED— at 613 Clay st.
COOK wanted. 8 Hayes st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job to right
man. 252 Ellis st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. £62 Mission St., bet. lst and 2nd sts.
MALE cook wanted at OISV4 Jones St.; call
early, ready for work.
WANTED — A good shoemaker on repairing at
603& Lyon st., between Fulton and Grove.
WANTED— Dishwasher, at 7 Ninth st.
YOUNG man to help a blacksmith and make
himself generally useful. Apply 143 Beale st.
WANTED— 2 flrst-elass coatmakers. Call at
room 3, Flood building. .
WANTED— A painter and whltener. Address
box 2425, Call offlce. .
WANTED— Good wagonmaker; $3 a day. 828
Harrison st. -^," : •
2 MEN to help cleaning up. 737 Mission St.,
The Model Lodging House.*
YOUNG man to wait at table. 1300 Turk st.
AVANTED— OffIce boy; one living at home; age
$15. 126 Ellts st. .
WANTED— Farm hand immediately. 102;H
Market st.
BARBER wanted for steady work; good wages.
1128 J St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop at 7 a. m. 339
Kearny St., room 11.
GRILLE maker wanted. 211 Ellis st.
BOY' wanted to learn printing; one with some
experience preferred, 529 California st.
THREE or four good hustlers; solicit from
wagons: salary or commission. 156 Fifth st.
GENERAL tailor for the country. J. BAUM-
GARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st.
TWENTY grape pickers; men or boys. See
boss at 424 Sutter st. to-day.
BOY' of 15 years, bright and active. Address
Druggist, box 2217, Call.
ELEVATOR man and office boy wanted.
Call Reno House. 631 Sacramento st.
BARBER wanted; steady or Wednesday,
Saturday and Sunday. 479 Ninth st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 105 Tenth st.
YOUNG man to wash dishes; $16 a month and
board and lodging. 1436 Turk st.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 1205 Fillmore st, nr.
Turk; $6 per week. ''-■'"-"
A FIRST-CLASS buggy washer and harness
cleaner in livery stable. 2626 Mission st.
CHANDELIER makers and bench hands. Ap-
ply Supt. THOS. DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
DRUGGIST, Junior: give age. experience, sal-
ary expected. Box 2043, Call office.
WANTED— Good dishwasher; good wages. Call
early at 2813 Greenwich st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
FOR sale cheap— 2-chair barber shop and laun-
dry. H. BERNARD. 101 Seventh st
HELP WANTED MaIe.
GREEN handa wanted for ships for Australia
and Europe; good wages, at HERMAN £>, ib
Steuart st. ' "
WANTED— Man or stout boy to wait on crip-
WANTED— Man or stout boy to wait on crip-
ple-through- .lay time at 1 Jlppeton Terrace.
• off Washington ! • »V-day and board.
YOUNG man. German speaking, for saloon,
lunchman. 1053 Market st.
WANTED— 2O laborers for Point Richmond ;
wne-es $*>• also 10 hammer and drill men.
wales $2 25 Apply JAMES A. McMAHON.
210 Spear st. ' ____—__—
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 36c to
60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
TAILOR cleaner and pressers wanted. 2819
Greenwich St.. near Presidio.
wanted tT learn barber trade In eight
w?ek? only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art' constant practice: expert Instruction:
lee ur"' on dermatology; Sat. wages: positions
guaranteed- call or write for illustrated cata-
fogue Mohler's Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED-Teamsters to drive scrapers; wag*
*1 « and $2' board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station.
on Valley Road. *
W'ANTED-Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor rtlU
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. . 150 large
£om>: 2^ Per night: $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. ,*>o4-dO6 DaMs st.
MEN and women to 'barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138'<. Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO. attor-
f±^£eys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
TRY our 15c meals: best ln city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. _______
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving In students department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. •■'■--**■
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863H Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. beiow Sixth,
tor a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. -
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
MULES— One car large and one car small
mules for sale; also pasturage for 1000 head
of stock the year round; a special field of
alfalfa, Egyptian corn and other kinds ot
feed to fatten 500 head of cattle by Jan. 1,
1900. J. M. CANTY', Grayson, Cal.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
GOOD business horse and fine driving horse,
suitable for lady, for sale. 351 Third st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
EL. Veterinary Dentist. 60." Go'den Gate ay.
~ HOUSES TO LET.
GEARY, 639— Rear; s*unny; all renovated; 8
rooms and bath; 1 or 2 families; $20.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
LAGI'NA, 1715-1717, near Sutter— Modern sun-
ny house of 8 rooms and bath.
NATOMA. 631' 2. bet. Seventh and Eighth-
Handsome flat of 5 rooms.
$10— FOR rent, 4 rooms and bath. 429 Douglass
St.; key next door.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts.
$35— THREE-STORY bay-window house In good
order, with large yard and stable; 1529 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET.
411% California st. '
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly «
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada 'one year for $1,
postage paid. -
HOUSES— For Sale.
FIRST-CLASS rooming house; north Market;
great bargain, COWING & CO., 99j Market.
— SNAP; 45 rooms; flne location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Furnished house of 12 sunny rooms;
partly rented; very reasonable. 426 CV Farrcll.
LODGING house; corner: 14 rooms; all bay-
windows; full; $500 cash; cause of selling
sickness. 225 Mason st., cor. O'Farrell.
$500— LODGING-HOUSE tor sale; 13 rooms.
Inquire 87 Third St.
HYPNOTISM.
POST, graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment, $15 a week. ____.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of MARY' CONNOLLY or MATHIAS
J. CONNOLLY, No. 204-664. The finder will
please return to bank.
LOST— Basket with locked straps; C. E. Moore
on handle; $5 reward. Return to Battery D,
First California. Presidio.
LOST — A black horse and buggy; monogram
AA'. T. Co. Notify the Western Transfer and
Storage Co., 323 Front st. ; reward.
LOST — Brown and white fox terrier; name
"Mountle." Finder please return to 705% .
Folsom st.; reward.
LOST — In San Francisco Saturday evening,
August 26, 1599, in the neighborhood of the
ferry depot, a purse containing a small sum
of money and a sun breastpin cemented with
a sapphire stone, surrounded by 36 chipped
diamonds. Finder will please return to J.
ROHAN, Fifth and Washington sts., Oak-
land, and receive liberal reward.
LOST— Small black Cocker spaniel dog, heav-
ily feathered; has on nickel link and leather
collar; has been missing several days. Re- .
turn to 1352 Market st. Liberal reward.
BOX containing plate holders, lens, on Market,
near Ninth. Return to 94 Third. Reward.
FOUND Chain of small value; owner can
have same by proving property and paying
charges. Call 2612 Post St.
CHEAPEST and best 1% America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
__*__m_*____________*__m __*____*_^^— ■
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to a
and 7 to 9 P. m.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats ail dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS— Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery*. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st-
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
flee furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth. . .
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
ONE 5-foot Montague restaurant range, com- .
plete; 1 No. S Eureka, with high shelf; 1
baker's sand oven; cheap. GRAHAM &.
LOANE, 439 Fifth st. .
$15 WHITE sewing machine; 7 drawers ;'■ good
order; complete. 1915 Mission St., near 15th.
LATHE; 10-ft. bed, 20-ln. swing; countershaft;
3 chucks; all tools complete. 516 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12
and 24 In.: gas engine, 2d hand. J. BURKE,
139 Beale st. -
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital. . .
TWO French beveled mirrors; perfect; 40x54
Inches; Just made by mistake too large; a
bargain; in frames or without frames. '.
. JO. »:S; 547 Mission st.
PURE' distilled water Ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b.: $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
Ice Co., 420 Eighth st., S. F.
A- $20 SUIT for $10. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS.offlce and card tables; desks changed.
repaired: furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. *
i« ' g
MISCELLANEOUS V WANTS. ? "• . ! 1
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. ElmhurstI MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
loyal. or any* other good security; payable
ack in installments or as a whole; if you
we a balance en the purchase price we will
ay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
Ire: avoid red tape and publicity; see us flrst; .
•m will l>» w-Jitetl-vpou tjirtMlv-dnd' quickly*;
all 6S-C9 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
iANS en furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
and cr Alameda at lowest rates, without
emoval: no commission: no delays. J.
COONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
ixth; telephone South 14.
.'V amount of 6<s per cent on real estate, 3d
nd 21 mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
ate; mortgages and legacies bought; r.o de-
ny. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, rm. 8.
t'lliLY respectable and private place to ob-
a^i liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
* ;*.ber:i! advances :-. dlami cis and Jew-
Iry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
itore, IM Market st. . telephone tain 1644.
.SH .'. - -'-1 to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 6*9 Examiner bldg.
T Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
on diamonds, jewelry- and thing.
>V amount by privale party on furniture and
'ianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
30NELLI, Conservatory bldg,. 130 Powell st.
TO $30,000; lowest rates: Ist and M mortgs.;
• and M mortgs. ;
tny proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
s furniture, pianos, without removal; no
■cmmtssion; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st-
3NEY. loaned salaried people on their notes
vl thout Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldg.
..' ycur property is mortjiaced and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. *'-'■ Market St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for 16
cash and 16 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy-
payments and some sood phtaoe for J3. J4 and
J5 per month. SHERMAN. LAY ft CO..
Steinway dealers, corner ',-..-*. and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and larsest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER It. CHASE'S.
;►"-. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; term* easy; prices lowest: even-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
*
-
HANDSOME, almost new, Steinwnv upright
t.torificed. Rm. 12, Flood bldg., 4th and Mkt
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Haliett 4 Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap ror cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
rale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS', 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ-. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A-SSS UPRIGHT piano in fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 215 McAllister st.
(HEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hcrnung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. ;*s.< up; Installments. J5 75 tip;
rents, 11 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
- 'HMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 303
- ANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. RON MAUZY. 3CS Pest st.
EN ABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call.
18 r*ges. in wrapper, for mailing. tl per year.
OFFICES AND STORES — Let.
DESK room In sunny front office; central;
rent J5. Box 2215, Call office.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
' Market St.—
Desirable offices. 112 50 to J2O.
PALMISTRY.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary' st., above Jones; classes;
office hours. '. to ; p. m. ; reading by mall, $1.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— By a refined, home-loving thor-
oughly capable middle-aged lady, a position
as housekeeper. Box 2425, Call.
HAIRDRESSIN'G taught at 131 Post St., room
20.
THE firm of BOESON & CO.. florists and dec-
ES N I Borlst
orators, is by mutual consent dissolved this
126 th day of August, 1599. R. EOESON, sue-
cessor, takes ail responsibilities.
DORA FALLMAN.
ROBERT BOESON.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA mak»s the hair
IRER'S QUI
soft, glossy and beautiful. Is what lt claims
to be. a Hair Tonic: 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton.
I:EST assured that LEDERER'S hairdresslng
is always the latest: 25c only. See his win-
dow display cf beautiful hair combs of every
description .- lowest price. 123 Seockton st.
LARGE list of lodging houses and flats; we
make a specialty of them. COAST EX-
CHANGE CO.. 719 Market st.
MARY— I got my handsome cap-.- at the East-
crn outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $1 75; pants. *3 73;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
' Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms
25c to 11 50 per night; {: 50 to 16 per .'• •*•<
free 'bur and baggage to and from the ferry.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
RUPTURE piles cured: examination free.
Dr«. Mansfield .'.- Porterfield. S3< Market -st.
V— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wl -!ee.-u<> figures KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
SCHOOL children and Mexican sombrero look
r.ice together. Mexican Art, 114 Stockton st.
tn Art. lit Stocktun st.
GOOD tai.e-jr-rr.ade suits at reasonable prices
by F. 5 HOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, remove.! to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; rantd Dr. Gordin.sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A — Ledles' or gents' clothini?. furniture bought,
cold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1C23 Folsom st.
jji - .*-n -a--v Installments. L.
GUITS to nrder on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Mark?.* St., bet- 7th and -th-
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
AIWEEBTS newi for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paves, n wrapper, for mailing. 11 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SUIitiEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free treatment daily, 10
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
£)R C. C. (-yDONNELL, offlce and residence,
10214 Market St.. bet. Sixth and ■-"*-"
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED By a practical farmer, either
dairy, stock, vineyard or grain ranch to
rent on shares, with everything furnished.
Address H. J., box 24*'«. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY For Sale.
-fON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
INVESTMENTS.
j4 000- -One-half block from Howard St.; 3-story
house and I flats; rents $41.
. J3.sce>— six flats of 3 and 4 rooms In good condi-
tion : rents J47 50.
J2.250-Perry street, near Fourth; house 5 rooms
and bath; stable; driveway.
FLATS.
t • Two modern flats On McAllister St.; 10
I-5.600— Two modern flats on McAllister st. ; 10
.. and ' rooms: lot 23x100. '...:•'."
$5,250 — Business property: bakery and flats ln
best part of Western Addition; 50-foot
front; lent $70
J7,sC">— Franklin «t. near Gough: 3 flats of 5
rooms and bath each: stable; rent 169.
j., 000 — Two modern fiats of 6 and 7 rooms and
bath in best block on Clayton St.; 13x100
tJ2 000— Three flats of . and 4 rooms and bath.
stable; lot tSxlii.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
t;^o(y—Or\ north side Pine st., near Van Ness:
large residency 11 rooms: lot 30x137:6.
$4, 500— Elegant modern residence near Park
panhandle; 7 rooms and bath.-
JJ 150— Modern 7-room cottage on Golden Gate
aye.; lot Sal ". "•' ,V -; .'
$1 300— Nice cottage of i rooms; sunny side of
street; 25x100.
We hold our regular auction sales every two
week« For further particulars apply .to  ..
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
}Ij-,0 ...J1350
(What' ts It for the small sum of {1350? A
new »-rooai house In Berkeley, near Dwlgbt-
wav only 1300 cash, balance $L per month.
ENGLISH &-: .:.:- '■' 630 Market st.
NEW HOMES V"":""#i;V.V^
Five 6 7 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all 'modern conveniences fronting on
Ve'eller. Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $3100
to MHO; terms to suit purchaser. F. Mil-*
BOW. Builder.
IF you have Tots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st •
REAL ESTATE — CITY' For Sale.
AUCTION SALE OF REAL ESTATE
BY
COFFEY, HUGHES *: CO.
AT SALESROOM. 19 MONTGOMERY ST. i
WEDNESDAY. AUG. 3". 1599, at 12 o'clock M. !
I'a*e ,-jt.. Dearth- eide, 95 feet west of Octavla,
23x120 feet to Lily aye.; 4 flats on Lily aye.: I
rents . $40.
Lot west sld? of Ninth st., 250 feet south of i
Harrison, 23x100 feet: artesian well on the lot.
Cottage, 23*.. Twenty -seventh St., near Church: ;
6 rooms, bath and basement; 25x114; one-third
Cash, balance at 6 per cent.
Flats. ISOS and ISOi1; Union st., near Octavia: ]
rents $40.
Lot south side of Fulton St., 100 feet west
of Baker; 25x100.
Two lot! east side of Cook st., 150 feet south
of Geary: 25x120 each; one-quarter cash, bal-
an.-.> at i per cent.
Southeast corner Waller and Masonic aye. ;
lot 35x105; two flats adjoining; lot 27:6x105.
Lot west side of Dame St.. near Church, 200 i
feet south of Thirtieth; 25x125. one-quarter j
cash, balance at fi per cent.
Residence 2813 Pine st.. near Buchanan; 9i
rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
Lot northwest corner of Twenty-fifth and i
Douglass sts.; 53x125; will be sold as a whole
or In subdivisions.
Lot southeast side of Sherwood place, off
Third st . near Howard. 255 feet northeast of
Third st.: 20x55.
Lot southwest corner of Twenty-sixth and i
Diamond sts.: 3CbcSO.
1305 and 130.r>'» Powell st.: store and flats;
rents $30; 22:6x43:10.
Administrator sale— Flats 506 and SO6V4 Shot-
well st., also rear cottage; rents $36 50; lot,
10x122:6.
Lot east side of Central aye.. 100 feet north j
of Hayes St.: 25x100.
Residence 120 Lyon St., near Oak and Golden '
Gate Park: 11 rooms, bath, etc.; modern and
in good condition.
Flats 3019 and 3021 Buchanan st . near Union; ;
rents $32 lot sflO feet.
We can negotiate loans on any of the above;
For further particulars apply to
COFFEY, HUGHES & CO., Auctioneers, I
19 Montgomery st. |
NOTICE OF SALE
OF REAL ESTATE.
Notice is hereby given that the block facing
Golden Gate Park on H -'*■ ' '■'"•• i Eight-
eenth and Ninteenth avenues, has Just been
placed on sale ln subdivisions Already a num-
ber nf lots have been sold. Have you seen this j
block? SO of the best lots— every one *'!' grade
With streets, which are officially graded and
macadamized. Plank sidewalks and water
mams laid. All ready for building. Prices
range from J3OO upward. Your own terms. In-
terest on deferred payments only 8 per cent. j
Aa .... lots face the Park and the new Nine- j
teenth avenue boulevard they will surely in-
crease In value. Near the new music stand
and all principal Park attractions. Electric
cars pass ::''- property— take Ellis or* Haight
Street cars. If you are wis" you will see them
at once and secure your choice. Branch office !
corner H street and Ninth avenue. Open
daily: Sundays Included.
' ' BALDWIN & HOWELL.
BALDWIN £ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice j
cream parlor. 1035 Market at.; popular prices.
_ ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
!__ SUITE 2 nice sunny roorhs, complete for,
* housekeeping; furniture all new; two folding-
beds l In kitchen and 1 In bedroom; suitable j
for 3 or 4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562
Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.; rent
$2 50 per week: $10 per month. ;
EDDY 473— Two or three rooms, furnished com- |
plete'. with pantry, two closets and yard. j
EDDY. 926— Two sunny, well furnished rooms I
for light housekeeping. -
jri^LlS 607— Nice rooms: good board; gas, j
battCi piano; telephone Lark 1031. !
FILLMORE, 2205. near Clay— sl3; 5 clean sunny i
rooms; bath; nice yard and water. j
GEARY. 1517—4 n;ce unfurnished rooms; bath;
toilet: gas; ?ard: basement,
GOLDEN GATE, 404— One or thre* rooms, com-
c rooms, com- ;
plete ;i reasonable to right parties. -, :
GOLDEN GATE ave.^lSOO-^Large, sunny fur- |
nished room; private family. ;
;--;ne large -
G<hTdE>T~GaTe aye.. Uo4— Fine large room,
JS; housekeeping privileges; private family.
Hi IWARD, 525— Two rooms, complete for house-
keeping: sunny yard.
B inr.y house-
H^'WaßdT^l-;. near Sixth— Nice sunny house-
keeping rooms: reasonable.
HOWARD. 1324-2 rooms complete for house-
ir.g^ ■
keeping. .
IVANHOE 1002 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary-Light, clean.
sunny; fur. hkr-- lull (3 to 5 r.).^,n5 np;ref.
■:. and
LARKIN/S SOt^-Sunny furnished bedroom and
kitchen;' yard: $*■•■ \
LEWIS ' Post— 2 or J newly
LEWIS. 16, oft Taylor, near Post— 2 or 3 newly
furnished rooms; $11 cr $14^
MARKET 102S — Large sunny front room and ;
* kitchen /folding bed; closet:*rent $12. j
MARTHA place. 2, oft Geary, near Taylor— 2
M tRTHA
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA. 40 -- Convenient, comfortably fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 322—2 or 3 rooms furnished complete
fcr housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary-Darge sunny bay-
wind mantel; for 1, $7; 2, "- |
POLK. .'22— Furnished and unfurnished house- ,
keeping room; rent cheap.
ST. JAMES. Laguna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest ln city; low rates: furnished or not.
SUTTER, 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. nr. Howard— Modern
sunny 4 rooms furnished; piano, rent ex- I
changed for board.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath: other rooms.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Infnrn. j
A-BR'UNSWICK 'Hou«e, '* Rooms, j
25c to Jl per night; $125 to $5 per week, and j
light housekeeping; open all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broad way and Polk— j
Quiet ar..'. homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charges moderate; cars direct,
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator; ;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING, j
AT ?X- Turk. cor. Taylor— New mangt.. renovat- ,
cd. «unny front bay-window rms.; transient.
AT New G and. 246 3d— 200 '--.lass sunny rms..
15c to $1 lay; 90c to $4 wk. also housekeeping.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
r rms , suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, is* Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat j
room's, from Jl 50 a week up. j
ELLIS. ai-Xew and elegantly furnished
rooms from $10 and up; fine suites. j
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny furbished
room; mantel and gas; double bed. \
FERNWELL House, 47 Post— New managem'nt;
all rms refurnished: suites and single; baths.
FIFTH. 39— Sunny furnished rooms; double or
slnplo; running water.
FIFTH, 309— New corner house; parlor and bed-
room, with kitchen; sunny rooms; handsome-
ly furnished: reasonable.
FOURTH, 2224 (Palm First-class sun- j
ny bay-window rooms; also single. $1 25 up.
GEARY, UA— Sunny front suit", large closets;
running water; also other rooms; cheap.
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites. $2 per week up; very' desirable.
GEARY, 405 (The Comfortable furn. i
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE, 437— Fine single and double
rooms; elegantly furnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7*l Mission— Select family
rooming house; ft 50 to <--•■■- '
HARRISON 501—3 nice and sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
HOTEL Grosevenor. *• Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 715—20*) sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 5."&— Large room for two, $6. house-
keeping; also front room.
HOWARD. 115' ;4- Furnished suit.*-; sunny; bay
window; other rooms; light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites: running
water: reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HOWARD. 1153—2 boy-window front sunny ,
rooms: nicely furnished; reasonable.
JESSIE, 165, near -Sunny furnished sin-
gle and double rooms; also housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1222— J10; three sunny back
rooms, furnished: connecting; gas. grate,
bath; references exchanged.
LARKIN, TO, cor. Ellis— Sunny front room;
gas; bath; central: cheap; gentlemen. ;
LARKIN. 509 B— Nice double rooms; gas; all
conveniences; reasonable.
LOCUST aye., 621— Nicely furnished front room;
rent $4 50.
MARKET. 1035, and 33 Fifth— New manage- j
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms.
MINNA. 69— Nicely furnished front double ;
rot no : rent JS. j
MINNA. 667. cor Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient. j
MISSION. 844— Large front sunny room; Just j
vacated; very desirable.
MISSION. 1729%— Large furnished room; lady |
can assist with washing for part of rent.
"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win. rms, and single, $5 up; also hskpg. ;
O'FARRELL, Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights, day, wk., mo. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Infnrn.
POWELL 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
POWELL, 612 A —Nicely furnished rooms to
let reasonable: newly furnished.
RINCON place, 2S, oft Harrison, bet. First and
Second— View of bay; 1 large sunny room:
privilege to cook in the kitchen; lady or man
and wife; no children.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to Sl 50;
week, 12 to JS; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.,
near Market l'urnlshed and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33, nr. Market, Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
STOCKTON, MS Nicely furnished sunny rms.;
single or en suite; near Powell and California
st. cars. "•
TAYLOR. 50S— One large front sunny room;
gentleman or man and wife; reasonable.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
ROOMS AVANTED.
ROOMS WANTED.
3 OR 4 unfurnished rooms; upper part of house;
modern Improvements: north -of Market; ref-
erences exchanged. Bos 221?.. Call.
3 UNFURNISHED rooms; rent cheap; loca-
tion bet. Page and Post. Taylor and Frank-
lin. Box 2424. Call.
WANTED— Three housekeeping rooms, unfur-
nished: no children; must be central. Ad-
dress J., box 10. Call offlce, 613 Larkin st.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
«2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 2-5 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
special notices.
THK HANK 'IF • 'ALIF< ..>RNIA. "~ -----
Notice Is hereby given to the stockholders
of The Bank of California that the Transfer
Books will be closed from SATURDAY. Au-
gust 26, to FRIDAY, September 1. 1899, both
dates inclusive, on account of the special
meeting of the stockholders to be held on the
last named date. By order of the Board of
Directors. ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 413 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. -319 3d St. -
I - ' f
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop., j
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; te! Clay 25. j
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. S and 9 rooms and bath each; flrstclass
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
work all complete: from $3000 to J4000; only i
$500 cash and $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and houses to let
in all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 30x130; $200 cash and $20 per month; ;
flne, nearly new cottage; ln a good neighbor- !
hood; near High School and station.
$2500— Lot 33x115, with elegant residence of S ;
rooms: ln flne condition; macadamized street; '
near station and school; great bargain; worth i
$3500: any terms: same as rent.
J2600— Lot 40x207:5: flne, new, modern 6-room
cottage; neat* High Schcoi and station; $500 cash
and $25 per nth.
$1000-1. 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms: street
work complete; near station; easy terms.
Jie«l&-Lot 33:4x108: with a fine modern cot- '
tage of 5 rooms and bath; nice garden; street
work all done: near station and school; $100 |
cash, balance 120 per month.
$1850— 5600 cash, balance $25 per month; lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms
and bath: between broad and narrow gauge on
Morten st.
13250 -£OO cash, $25 per month; less than *
rent; lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story, 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton St., near Morton-st. sta-
tion: best bargain ln Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st., Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots 50x150: easy terms. Apply 1513 Mozart
st., Mastlck station.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health: large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 'th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS :
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY. I
5 MINI FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley station.
______ _____
BERKELEY ROOMS.
4-ROOM cottage for rent: $10; the n»w and
4-ROOM cottage for rent; JIO: the new and
complete furniture of which for sale, $75. Ap-
ply '.. M. EWING. 2137 Dwight way. Berke-
ley. .__]
■ ' ' ' I
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS ;
FRUITVALE REAL -..T.VTE, _
LARGE level lots, $400: only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, pas, flne school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city: 5c
fare; glorious climate: build a home to suit j
v !;re">!f; easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DIC A TEINVESTMENTCC^FruItv^^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOS BROADWAY
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
PIEDMONT Park— Lot 3 in plat G; whole or
in subdivision. Apply A. J. X., 2324 Clay St.,
San Francisco.
124x130 FEET, with neat cottage: right ln town;
choice locality; reduced from $8500 to $2000 for
quick sale. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Bdwy, Oakland.
$10,000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
ELEGANT front bay-window suite, suitable for
ELEGANT front bay-window suite, suitable for
doctor; large lawn. 715 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
ELDERLY gentleman, lady or Invalid, to room
and board; Beulah Park; every comfort: 2 in
family: perfect climate: no fogs. E. E.
BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 9« (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the offlce of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after Fri-
day, SeDtember 1. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, August 26, 1599, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to creditors— of HENRY GIB-
SON, deceases. Notice is hereby given by the
undersigned, JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE, ad-
ministrator of the estate of HENRY GIB-
SON, deceased, to the creditors of, and all
persons having claims against the said -•-
ceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers, within four it) months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said JOHN
A. DRINKHOUSE, administrator as afore-
said, at his offices. No. 402 Montgomery
street, in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, the same being his
place for th-" transaction of the business of
the said estate In the said city and county
of San Francisco. state of California.
JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE. administrator of
the estate of HENRY GIBSON, deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August 30, 1599.
A. REEF, attorney for administrator, 402
Montgomery street.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of JOHN J.
RIORDAN, deceased. Notice is hereby given
by the undersigned. EUGENE G. RIORDAN,
as the administrator of the estate of JOHN
J. RIORDAN, deceased, to the creditors of
and all persons having claims against the
said deceased, to exhibit them with the ne-
cessary vouchers, within four months after
the flrst publication of this notice, to the
said administrator at the office of his attor-
ney. TIMOTHY J. LYONS, rooms 11 and 12.
Chronicle building, NE. corner Market and
Kearny streets, San Francisco, the same be-
ing his place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the said estate.
EUGENE Q. RIORDAN. as administrator
of the estate of JOHN J. RIORDAN, de-
ceased.
Dated at San Francisco, August 9, 1899.
TIMOTHY J. LYONS. Chronicle building,
attorney for administrator. ; -
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
WE, JAMES O'BRIEN and MARIA A. I
O'BRIEN, hereby certify: That we have this i
day formed a co-partnership for the transac- l
tion of a general dry goods business In the
State of California. That the principal place
of business of said co-partnership is and !
shall be situated in the city and county of i
San Francisco, State of California. That the
full names of all of the members of such co-
partnership and their places of residence are i
as follows: ;v.... '-
JAMES O'BRIEN, residing In the city and I
county of San Francisco. State of California, ■
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, residing in said
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California. ■;■:■
La ted August 11, 1899.
JAMES O'BRIEN.
MARIA A. O'BRIEN.
State of California, City and County of San
Francisco ss.
On this Hth day of August, ln the year ■
one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
nine, before me, JOHN P. CASHIN, a Notary- I
Public In and for the said city and county, |
residing therein, duly commissioned and
sworn, personally appeared JAMES O'BRIEN
and MARIA A. O'BRIEN, known to me to
be the persons whose names are subscribed
to the within instrument, and acknowledged \
that they executed the same.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed my official seal at my office j
in the city and county of San Francisco, the
day and year In this certificate first above !
written. [Seal] JOHN P. CASHIN.
Notary Public, In and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, CaL, August 29. 1599-Seal- '
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. August 29. IS99— Seal-
ed proposals in triplicate, will be received
here until 11 ''clock m., September 2*. 1599,
and then opened, for furnishing coal for Pre- :
sidio of San Francisco, Cal., during fiscal
year ending June 30. 1900. Government re- '
serves right to reject or accept any and all
bids, or any part thereof. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of quality and price (Including in the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles
of American production produced on Pacific
Coast to extent of consumption required by' j
the public service there. Information fur- I
nished on application to undersigned. En- i
velopes containing proposals should be in- !
dorsed, "Proposals for coal," and addressed j
to J M. Marshall. Deputy Quartermaster
General. U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster. i
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows: |
Chris Olsen and Gjorlthe Jorgensen 28-23 i
brizio Pinnella and Elaine E. M. 51m1.15-?l
Charles F. Gustafson and Lillie Harts 29-24
Jesse J. N. Silver and Adellman J. Bruce..
T Rammazzina and Glovanlna Rianda 38-30;
Henry C. Fiess and Ida F. Neill 33-19
John C. Roberts and Sarah Caughey 32-26 j
Hermann Ruter and Annie yon Oilberg — 27-29
George yon Arx and Daisy M. Ralston — 27-22
Edward I. tfden and Ethel Walkup.... 36-20
Thomas C. Towns and Annie C. Gllligan. .2s-21
Fran k J. Oherst and Emma A. Garvin 24-2:,
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed j
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BODEN— In this city, August 29. 1899, to the
EN— ln this city, August 21. 1899, to the
wife of Michael Pexlen. a daughter.
DRAYTON— In this city, August 23, 1599, to the
wife of William H. Drayton, a son.
HATHORN— In this city. August 28, 1-99. to the
wife of Ralph L. Hathorn, a son.
McCLELLAND— In Napa, CaL, August 27, 1599, ;
to the? wife of B. L. McClelland, a son.
MIRAMONTES— In this city, August 26. 1599, j
t.i the wife of Mr. Miramontes, a daughter.
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city, August 29, is??,
to the wife ot M. J. O'Callaghan, a son.
TAYLOR— this city, August 21, 1899, to the j
wife i f E. M. Taylor, v son.
_____
~ DIED.
Bass, Henry T. Long. Louis
Bass. Henry I. Long. Louis
Cody, Margaret Luhrs. Nicolaus
Dinsi Luther H. McMenomy, Lydia A.
Enright. Patrick Merganthal, Henry-
Ferguson, Nancy Roberts. Mrs. Jessie
Haliett. Oliver G. O'Connell. Maggie
Hatch. Mary Scanlan, Eugene
Jenkins. Adaline M. Smith. Florence M.
Katz. Fred A. Spillane. Mary C.
Kellv. Mrs. Margaret Valsanglacomo. Louis :
\, •■- h, Pauline Wood. Sarah A.
Loftus, John J.
BASS— In this city, August 28, 1899, Henry 1..
dearly beloved hu«band of Emma M. Bass. |
and son-in-law of L. E. Clawson, aged S3
years - months and 2! days.
E?" Friends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from 129 Oak
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage. J
CODY— In this city, August 29. 1599, Margaret, j
hOoved wife of John Cody, a native of |
County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 65 years.
DINSMORE— transport Sherman. August 5,
Is*j9, Luther H., beloved son of Luther and
F. E. Dinsmore, and brother -Of Carolyn,
George H. and Veldo A. I . insmore. a native
of Oakland, aged 22 years 6 months and 23
days
ry Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day |
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter- i
ment National Cemetery, Presidio.
ENRIGHT— anniversary' requiem high mass
will be celebrated at St. Joseph's Church.
Tenth street, this day (Wednesday), at 1"
o'clock, for the repose it the soul of the late ,
Patrick Enrlght, dearly beloved brother of
E. P. Enright, 1131 Howard street. Friends .
are Invited to attend.
FERGUSON— In this city. August 28. 1-99, ;
Nancy, beloved wife of Malcom Ferguson.
beloved mother of Mrs. Oscar Harmon an.;*
Miss Jessie Mac Donald, and sister of H. Cor-
bett, a native of Pictou, Nova Scotia (Santa
Cruz, Cal.. rapers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence). 1728 Sutter street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
HALLETT— In this city. August 28. 1-99, Oliver ;
Gray, husband of Mary Elizabeth Haliett. i
and" father of May F. Haliett, a native of
Boston. Mass., aged 62 years.
£3" Friends are invited to attend the funeral I
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his ;
late residence, 301S California street. Inter- ;
ment strictly private.
HATCH— In this city. August 28, 1889, Mary-
Hatch, a native of Scotland, aged 71 years.
E7Frtenda and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at -' o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-,
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JENKINS— In Alameda. August 28, 1899, Ada-
line M. Jenkins, daughter of the late Colonel j
George S. and Laura D. Mann, and mother
of Samuel H. Jenkins, a native of Vermont. I
pTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late ,
residence, 815 Santa Clara avenue, Alameda, i
Interment private, in Laurel Hill Cemetery, ;
San Francisco.
KATZ— In this city. August 28, 1899, Fred A.,
beloved husband of Jennie Katz. father of
Fred, Phllby, Flossie and Lillie Katz, son of
Mrs. Louisa and the late Frederick Katz,
and brother of George, Louis. Gus and Fid-
dle Katz, Mrs. E. C. Kalben and the late
Mrs. Louise Sandow, a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 40 years 2 months and 21 days.
-.--]■' rZ-.td-- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1024 Union street. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CALIFORNIA Parlor No. 1. N. S. G. W.—
are hereby notified to attend the funeral of
cur late brother. Frederick Katz. Please as-
semble at 1024 Union street this day (Wednes-
day), at 12:45 o'clock sharp. Services at the
house and grave. By order of
ROMBERG JANSEN, President.
,T. J. JAMISON, Secretary. " ;':
KELLY— A solemn requiem high mass (month's j
nd) will be celebrated Friday. September 1, !
at St. Mary's Church (Paullst), at 9 o'clock,
for the repose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Margaret Kelly. Friends and acquaintances
are "respectfully Invited to attend.
LOESCH— In Mayfield, Cal., August 28. 1899, ;
Pauline, beloved wife of Louis J. Loesch, and
mother of Julia and Katie Loesch. a native of j
Germany, aged 36 years. *
LOFTUS— In this city, August 29, 1899, John
J., beloved husband of Ann Loftus. and father i
of Tcssie and Juhn Loftus. Mrs. M. Gllmore '
and Mrs. N. Phillips, a native of Galway, j
Ireland.
LONG— In this city. August 29. 1899, Louis
Long, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 73 |
years.
LUHRS— In this cKy, August 29, 1599, Nicolaus
Luhrs, a native of Spartan, Germany, aged
32 years.
(E7'Remalns at th» parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 11-!7 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. yX,Z:
McMENOMY— In Oakland. August 29, 1899, j
Lydia A. beloved daughter of Captain J. H. !
and Mrs. Lydia McMenomy, and sister of :
Mrs. John O'Rourke and John, George, Wal- i
ter and Thomas McMenomy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
September 1. at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, corner of San Pablo
avenue and Crawford street, thence to St. '
Francis de Sales *Church. where a solemn re- |
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
MERGENTHAL-In this city, August 28. 1599.
Henry, dearly beloved husband of Franclsca
Mergenthal. beloved stepfather of Mrs. Herr-
mann Wrede ami August Wrede, and brother i
of Mrs. Josephine Burkhard of Germany, a j
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
—— if -""■ *■ i sriTunmnsr— *■—
IMcAVOY <fe CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
1235 Market St., between Sth and 9th.
Telephone Southr 247.
native of Habruek. Germany, aged 60 years
2 months and 3 days. A member of St. Paulus
German Roman Catholic Society.
ETFrlends and acqualntanCfgu,Me---F^£l^''Va
fully- invited to tend "iVti funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 5.:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1233 Pacific street, between Jones
and Leavenworth, thence to St. Boniface s ;
Church. Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. X'-~~Z* -Z-y- -" :'X -'■ ':.y
ROBERTS— In this city. August 27, 1399. Mrs.
Jessie A. Roberts, a native of Nevada, aged
35 years 5 months and 11 days.
O'CONNELL— In this city, Mangle O'Connell,
beloved sister of Patrick and Mary O'Connell,
aged 56 years. V :
t?" Remains at the parlors at the. H. J. Gal-
lagher Undertaking Company, 20 nrtn street.
'ANLAN-In Oakland. August 28, 1399, Eu-
gene, beloved son of Mrs. P. M. Scanlan,
father of Roy Scanlan, and brother of D. C,
M. J.. J. P., H. P.. J. D. and Theresa Scan-
lan. H. A. O'Neill. Mrs. N. A. Ball and Mrs.
E. C. Edes. a native of New Orleans, aged
47 years 2 months and 13 days.
„TFriends an-l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at the
residence of his mother. 693 Twenty-seventh ,
street, thence to the Church of St. Francis de
Sales, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary s
Cemetery, Oakland.
SMITH-In this city, August 23, 1399. Flor- j
ence May. beloved and only daughter cf '
William B. and Charlotte Smith, and sister .
of i'harles J. and Walter V. Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 19 years and 6 i
months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day ;
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock from her late resi-
dence, 232 Haight street, thence to Sacred j
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SPILLANE— In this city. August 2S. 1399, Mary
C, daughter of John and Mary Spillane. and
, sister of T. G. Spillane, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Church (Paullst), where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment private. In Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
VALSANGIACOMO— In this city, August 28.
1599, Louis, dearly beloved son of Louis and
Mary Valsanglacomo, and brother of Willie,
Arnold and May Angelina Valsanglacomo,
aged 9 months and IS days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- i
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day [
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family !
residence, 126 Fair Oaks street. Interment ;
New Italian Cemetery, San Mateo County.
WOOD— In this city, August 29, 1899, Sarah A., I
beloved wife of the late Solomon Wood, and '
mother of Isabella and William W. Wood j
and Mrs. George H. Bancroft, a native of j
England, aged 6S years 6 months and 24 days.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Savings and Loan Society to William H. and .
Susie Hindle, lot on E line of Cook street, 175
S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120; 3573.
Estate of Elijah E. Smith (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to Leon Sloss, lot on E line of
Church street, 135 N of Fifteenth, N 25 by E
125; J4OOO.
Michael Mclntyre to Hannah Mclntyre (wife
of Michael), lot on S line of Ridley street, 12.'.
W of Church. \V 25 by S 100; gift.
Hlbernia Pavings and Loan Society to Claus
P:>reckels, lot on N line of Sacramento street,
90 E of Montgomery, X 26 by N 60; $11,060.
Archibald L. McKendry to Margaret McCor
mick (wife of William), undivided half of lot
on W line of Stockton street, 55 S of O'Farrell.
S 27:« by W 81:6; $10.
W. A. and Mary E. Tracy to same, undivided
half of same; $10.
Jules and Sophie M. Levy to Thomas Magee
Jr., undivided half of lot on S line of Eilis
street. 71 W of Powell, W 100, S 110, E SO, N
20:6, E 20. N 59:6; JIO.
George F. Lvon to Charles Pierson. lot on
W line of De Haro street, 175 S of Twenty
third (Nevada), S 25 by W 100; JIO.
Charles S. Harney to William F. Hanrahan.
lot on W line of Twenty-eighth avenue. 75 S
of V street. S 25 by W 120; Sin.
Flora Van Horn (Martin), O. B. Van Horn. ;
Carrie Enge! (Martin) and Carl F. Engel to
Benedict Nuschel-r, lot on S line of Thirtieth j
street. Jilt \Y of Warren, W 2S:*i by S 61, block i
25. Fairmount: $10. '
Frederick C. and Mary E. Stockman to San j
Francisco Savings Union, Debt in 1559 d 109.
lot on E line of M street (Yazoo). 50 N* of I
Ninth avenue, N iii by E 9.". lot 104, block 165,
Central Park Homestead, deed of surrender; j
1708.
Builders' Contracts.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Kahn and Thomas Magee Jr. (owners)
with J." W. Miller (contractor), architects Percy
& Hamilton— Brick and Iron work for a two
story' and basement brick building on lot on
SE corner of Ellis and Glasgow streets. E 100,
B 89. W 20, S 21, W 88, thence 110 feet to be
ginning: $6335.
Same owners with W. W. Anderson (con
tractor), architects — Carpenter, mill and
stair work, hardware, glass, glazing, roofing,
tinning. galvanized Iron work, plastering, iron
and wood lathing, cementing, cleaning of
stock, brick work for same on same*. {10,182.
Same owner with James E. Britt (contractor).
architects Fame— Plumbing, gasflttlng and
drains for same on same: 12650.
Stephen D. Ives (owner) with George Reich
ley (contractor), architect Nathan Blalsdell—
All work except concrete work, plumbing, gas
flttlng, sewering, trimming hardware, mantels,
electric work and painting for a two-story and
basement frame building on lot on E line cf
Gough street, 137:6 N of Broadway, S 26:6 by |
E 57:6; 13353.
John D Spreckels (owner) with W. Heidt
Cornice Works (J. A. Morrow, proprietor) (con
tractor), architects Reid Bros.— Galvanized iron
and tin work for a residence on NE corner of
Pacific avenue and Laguna streets, Western
Addition block 193; $1914.
■ ♦ ■
"CALLS" of Thursday, 24th, Fri
day, 25th, Saturday, 26th, and Sun
day, 27th, wrapped ready for mail
ing, 20 cents. Write or leave order
at Call Business Office.
— •— — :
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs W Crosby, Ls Ang l Miss B F Atkins. Ind
Miss Chanslor. Ls Ang (Mrs T Griffith. Ls Ang
R DubufTtt. Paris |T R Coffin. Idaho
J Cross. Los Ang J F Slnnot & w, Phlla
R J Waters. Los Ang Castner &w. Phila
(' II Pulllnger. Utah iS A Castner. Phlla
E L Pulllnger, Utah JP A Castner. Phila
J Kessler A w, Chicago Misses Reilly. Va
Mrs F G Brady, 11l Mrs M A Wilcox, Cal
G L Sheup Idaho F A Farnham. Boston
M M-Nab, Idaho J X Hayward & w. BC
D F Pa vis. St Louts Miss Hayward. B C
M I' Whitman. Boston j J Garwood, Stockton
H Ward New Jersey 'Mrs L Hansel, Seattle
B C Wright Boston Miss A Gillett, Seattle
G Wright. Boston Mrs L w Cookley.Mass
J A Wilder. Honolulu Mr A: Mrs Emilio. N V
T T Williams. Marin t E L Heller A w, N V
A Bettens. Byron jH G Rodman. Los Ang
J D MacFarland A w, IG G Belcher, Oakland
Nebraska W A Pownlng, Belvedr
W Gladding & w, Ind I
GRAND HOTEL.
J C Campbell. Cal | Mrs W A Bugg, 111
C Schweitzer. Chicago L D Jacks, Sta Rosa
P A Doyle. Carson ' W F Fallon. S Jose
L Weiss New York Mr Pickett <fcw.SC
W H Lumsden. Oaklnd Miss E Pickett. S C
T Cunningham. Oaklld Miss E Kent. S C
H A Walton. Yub City W R Torman, Antioch
M Rosphura, Fresno j J Finlayson, Cal
J Dubois, Fresno Mrs E Atkins, Cal
W Murray, Cal H Block. Boston
c P Mayhew, R Bluff O I Mahan-A w, Can
F B Leach, Cal ', G G Laske A w. Cal
W Erlckson, Portland A J Larson, Lodi
S Heller, Dawson II A Jastro. Cal
A Dromiack. Dawson I J Glick, Stockton
Minnie Colson, Chicago A M Cupia & w, Cal
Lllla A Harklns, Cal j S Summerfield. Reno
W Lothian. Ottawa IP L Tye, New York
C H McKlvett Aw, J Taylor. Humboldt
Santa Paula R Daller, San Rafael
W B Parkinson Aw, J F Carrigan, Cal
Santa Paula < Mrs Edwards, S Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss X Slater, Mo J Roche, Manila
Mrs Goodner, Mo H Williams, Los Ang
J A Cluff, Or C B Bevan, San Jose *
Miss S Howard. VallJo.Mrs L Bevan. Sn Jose
A Donahue, Vallejo Miss M Bevan, S Jose
Miss Albright, Sn Jose J E Green. Fresno
S Snyder, Davisvllle eE F Dennif, Manila
A Oates. Oroville J Price. Eureka
W Oates. Oroville J Connolly. New York
J Willett, Boston Pr W Blake. Chicago
l_ E Morse. Rialto
. ■ ♦ * *
Complete files of The Call contain
ing accounts of the welcome home to
our heroes can be obtained at Call
Business Office. Send a copy to your
Eastern friends.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
,i> — — 1 $>
Shipping Intelligence.
Z- ' :;*. '''.";. -
<t — ■ >«*>
4 ■ ♦
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. August 29.
D S stmr Grant. Buford, 2. days from Ma
nila via Nagasaki 21 days 4 hours, via Yoko
hama 16 days 11 houre 27 minutes.
Stmr Mineola. David. S2 hours from Na
naimo. - _ • * ::';'
Stmr Weeott. Ellis, 24 hours from Eureka.
Ptmr Coqullle River, Thompson, 7S hours fm
Grays Harbor. ii
Stmr Noyo. Wlnkel, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg. 27 ■■'■■"-;';■•.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 46 hours from
-Com Bay.
Stmr Progress. ' Monroe. 3 days from Seattle.
I' S stmr Newark, -Goodrich, 8 days from
Acapulco. j
Ship C F Sargent, Haskell, 8 days from
Seattle. ; I
Br ship Dynomene, Sneddon, 68 days from
[qulque.
Bark Germania, Pearson, 9 days from
SeatUa. „„«_„ .....
Bken Willie R Hume, Brown, 23 days from
N'usha^ak.
Schr Ocean Spray. Nyman, 15 ■ hours from \
[versens Landing. j
S.hr Emma Utter, Allen, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Lily, Eottger. 3 days from Umpqua.
Schr Viking, Peterson. < days from Grays
Harbor. ■*•*". -y y
Schr Albion. G-->odman=en. 8 days from Ne
lalem River.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgenson, 4 days from
Coquille River
CLEARED.
Tuesday, August 29.
Br Ftmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Duns-mult' Sens Co.
Br ship Ancaios, Fulton, Algoa Bay; Eppln
<er & Co.
Stmr Willamette, Hanson, Nanaimo; Paciflc
Coast Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Thomas, Manila: U S
Government.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
SAILED.
Tuesday. August 29.
.. - -Tuesday, August 29. .
Stmr Umatilla , * Cousins, Victoria and Port
Town.xend. ;- -;
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Eureka.
stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen. Nanaimo.
Stmr National City, Dettnfrers. . -'-"
Stmr City of Puebla. Thomas. Manila, via
Honolulu.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz. ."-.- '■
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanaimo.
Haw ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, Hilo.
Schr Alice Kimball, Madsen, . y: -7 -
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Monterey, Knudsen, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 29. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW: velocity 24 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per Br ship Macduff, at Astoria, no position
—Br ship Sierra Nevada, hence June 7. for
Queenstown.
Per Br ship Dynomene, June 24, lat 19 S.
lon 74 W— Bktn Encore, from niter ports, fur
San Francisco.
July 29. lat 14 N, lon 121 40 W— Br ship M L
C D (probably Br ship M L G D): Br ship Dal
gonar, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per Willie R Hume, from Nushagak— Ready
for sea about Aug 25, ship Bohemia. Aug 20 —
Bark Merom: Aug 15 --Ship Oriental.
In port— William H Macy.
Per stmr Alcazar— 28. -5 p m. 7 miles SE
of Point Arena, passed tug Rescue. With bark
Haydn Brown and schr Sequoia In tow, hence
Aug 27. for Eureka. *..■*.--:.-;
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Navarro,
from fan Pedro.
Sailed Aug 29— Schr Halcyon, for Eureka.
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 27— Stmr Tacoma. !
from Hongkong.
Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Washtenaw, for San j
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Aug 29— Bktn Robert |
Sudden, for Port Pirie.
Arrived Aug 29— Schr Defender, from Port I
Townsend: schr Queen, from Port Townsend. J
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Auk 29— Br stmr Bel- j
gian King.* for San Francisco. j
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Elihu
Thomson, from Port Townsend.
BO WENS' LANDlNG— Arrived Aug 2-.}— S,-hr
Newark, hence Aug 23; schr Bender Brothers, j
hence Aug 27.
Sailed Aug 29— Schr Corinthian, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr
Ellhu Thomson, from Honolulu: schr Defiance. i
hence Aug IS; schr Defender, from San Pedro, i
Sailed Aug 2S— Stmr Navarro, for Redondo. l
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 28— Schr Annie j
Larsen. from Tacoma: schr James Rolph. from
Port Blakeley; <<chr C H Merchant, from Ta
coma. - -
EVERETT— SaiIed Aug 29— Schr Laura May,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 29— Schr
Rio Rev, from .
Sailed Aug 29— Haw stmr San Mateo, for
Nanaimo.
PORT BLAKELET— SaiIed Aug 29— Ger shin
Osorno and Chll hark Lake L-=man, for \ al
paraiso.
REDONDO— SaiIed Aug 29— Stmr Navarro.
for San Francisco.
NEWPORT Sailed Aug 29— Stmr Tilla
mook, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed out
Aug 2j-Shlp Tillie E Starbuck and ship St
Frances, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior Aug 2!*— Br stmr
Moana, hence Aug 9.
TIENTSIN— Arrived Aug 26— Br stmr Elm ■
Branch, from Port Blakeley.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived prior Aug 29— Bark
Alex McNeill, from Victoria.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 23— Br ship j
Frankistan, from Taccma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July Jap stmr
Idzumi Mam. from Seattle, and sailed Aug ;
3 for Hongkong.
ARlCO— Sailed July 2S— ship Sierra
Blanco, for San Francisco.
KIAOCHAU— In port Aug 3— Ger ship Adolf,
for Portland.
HONGKONG — Salledd Aug 29 — Jap stmr
America Maru. for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Muen
chen. from Bremen.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Moana,
for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Cambro
man, from Montreal; stmr Sylvanla, from Bos
ton.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Bremen, ,
from New York, via Southampton.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Aug 29— Stmr Furnessla,
from New York, for Glasgow. /'.-.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aus 29^Stmr Canada,
for Stettin; stmr Boc. for Liverpool; stmr
Sale, for Bremen, via Southampton; stmr Au- ;
ranla. for Liverpool. ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side,
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington.
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
AG.P. A, A. 8. P A,
Gt. Louis, Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O. j
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST- CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE, IHS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. J W. Santa Clara Street.
BAILED AD TBAYXLb
SOrTIURR'- PACIFIC COHPAHT*
(pacific SYBTR»r.)
Trains len«e »n«l »•■•* «••«« '• ■*■**»• **
Trains lei»*r« »»n«l ni" «••«« *• wrrlVß »»
SAN FUAKC'ISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lxave — Fbom Auocst 3, 1899. — abkitb
?:OOa. Benicia, Suisun snd Sacramento. . . . 8:4»p
MarygTille, Orotliloand Bedding via
Woodland »»***
7:0«» a Elmir*; Vacaviile and Rnmsey ..... »:oop
" :'JO a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, In spa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa X:i«
8:00* Atlantic Expresa, Ogden and East.. BM»i
Bi'.lOa San .lose. LlTerciore. Stockton,
lone, Sacraairuto, Placerville, •
MurysTillc, Chico, Ked Bluff 5*12
8:30 a "Milton, Oakdilc and Sonora. " «<I»P
8:30 a Yosemltd Valley ria Oakdale snd
Chinese .I*ls*
9:00 a Haywards, Niks and Way Station!. I 1:43 a
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced snd Fresno 1»:13f
BiOOa Fresno. Uakersliclil Santa Iturliara,
Lcs Angeles, Demlng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:43p
10:00 \ Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:l.>P
1 1:410 a IlaTTOxaa. Niles and Way Stations. *:43t
f--.Ot>_. Nilcs, Livertcore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
PcrterTille 4:I»P
•l:00r Sacramento ItlTerStenniers •*:OOp
S:00p Hayward*). Nik* and Way Stations. o:*sp
4i(>op Martinez, San lUxon, Vallojo,
Napa, Cx\l»fxign, Santa Iloaa 8:18* .
4:OOr Roclcla, Vacaviile, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysTllle, Ororlllo 1 0:44 A
4:30)p Niles, San .Tote and Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Vosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
StOOp The' OwL Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
tleld, Saugua tor Santa Barbara
Ls Angeles 9i413t
8:«0p Stocktcn. Merceil, Fresno I»:l8p
SiSOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendcta, Fresno,
JlojaTO md l.oa Angeles 8:48 a
OtSOp Santa I'o Route, Atlr.utin Express
for Mojare snd F.ait 8:43p
•:oOp *Chlcago-Sau Francisco Special.Ogdeu
oud Fust 8:.10p
6:0 Op Haywards, NilesandSan Jose 7:45 a
•6toor Vallejo : I3:l»p
|7:0«p ''allcjo, Port Costs and Way Bu-
ttons l»:Mt
S:o3r Oregon Eicpress.HacraTr.cnto, Marys-
villo, Redding, Portlaod, I'nget
Hound and Bast 81ISA
COAST DIVISION (Xsrrow (iaage).
(Foot cf Mnrket Street.)
J7«43a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wry Stations tS:OSr
B«l3ANewarl?,C"nterville. San Jose, ; ',
Boulder Creek,Santa C.-uz and Way
Stations Bj3op
••ilflp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Itoulder Creek, ;
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ■»l«:3w*
4tlBp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions. 0:2Oa
Mi I Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta*
tions /9'2<»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRIKCISCO— Tool of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. J I^3 *2:30 t3:CO
•4:00 i;::: •8-00 i-.m.
rrtmOlllllSD— Fcol of Brculzn;.— "0:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:33 »1:00 I3:CJ *3::3 11:33 "SiOar.M..
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iaiige).
(Third and Towns-end Sts.)
• C:IO.\ Ocean View, South Ban Francifco.. *«:30P
*7:0« a San Joso si il Way Stations (New
AltnadtMi Wednesdays only) *8»00a
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion fir Santa Cruz,
-. Pncifis Grovo and Principal V/ay
Stations 18:33?
9>ooa San .lose, Tres Finos, Santa Cms,
racilic Grove, l'aso Rabies, Saii
Luis Oliiaim, Surf, Lompoc an-l
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
lOiIOa Sau Jose and Way Stations... 0:3.-.a
Il:3Va San Jose and Way Stations It3op
*2:4Sr San Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Smi Just,
. Hollister. Santa Cruz. Silicas,
Monterey ami I'.irilic Grove *10:3h*t
•8:30p San Jose. Santa Cruz. Pacifio Grove
and Principal Way Stations «7:30p
•l:10p San Joc-oand Principal Way Stations 9:45*
•3:OOp San Jose aod Principal Way Stations *B:S.-»a
5:30!' Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations *»:«Oa
o:2<>r San Jcseaud Way Stations 3:»Op
III:4Sr San .1.-.m-.h-; Way Stations {7::»Op
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. I Sunday only. f Saturday only.
fctiatnrday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. x'.ZZy
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. . Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i**
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 4:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.'
SUNDAYS— S:IU, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:io, 5:03,
6:25 p. m. :. •.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. 1 1 April 16. 1 .
Week Sun- 1539. Sun- Week
Days. j days. I Destination. days. i Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am; 8:40 ara
3:30 pmj 9:30 am Petaluma, ; 6:03 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5.00 pmj Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:2") pn»
Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor, 10:23 ata
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville, |
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Glqverdale, i 7:33 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hi gland and ; J0:25 aot
3:30 pm 8:00 ara; Ukiah. j 7:33 pm 6:20 pnt
7:80 am| j 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 1 7:35 pm'
3:30 pmf j .. ) 6:20 pra
7:30 am | 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 arrv 8:10 ant
! and I I
1:10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. ; 4:65 pmj 6:20 pnt
7:30 am 8:0e) am Sebastopol. 10:40 am*lo:2s am
1:30 pm 5:00 pro! i 7:35 pm, 6:20 pa
Stages -connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs ; at Geyserville for Skaargs
Springs! at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. .So.la Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at t'kiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riversld*?. Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Boonevllle, Philo. Christine, Soda Springs,'
Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. T'sal. Wlllltts. Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Ecotia and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. -.-•-
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointa
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, . R. X. RYAN, '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaalito Ferry.
Comeneing April Zi, IiOS.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:'O, *iM, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20. 4:00, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO, •9:08, •10.CO, 11:00, 11:30
a m.; 1:00, '1:45, **:», *4:00, 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11: a. m. does not run to San Rafl Sundays;
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked -<•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:25. »6:40, 7:55. 8:40. «10:20
a m.: 12:30. 2:15: '3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. ■■-.'■■
SUNDAYS - 7:00. "S:*-*0- '3:43. '10:45. •11:45
a. m.; 1.00. 2:2". '3:30, '5:15. »6:00. 7:00. 10:1$
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 5:45. 6:30, 7:53. 8:55. 10:33
a. m.: 12:33. 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05.
1:20.2:40 3:3'>. 5:30. fi:".'\ 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and -way sta'ns.
3*20 p. m. Saturdavß— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point "Reyes and way stations.
-00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way* sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 23. 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen-l Mixed. I Mixed. j Passen-
ger. Sunday! Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. lExc'r-tdl Exc'ptdl Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 1 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:1*1 pm
10:40 am 5:36 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11 -3S am! 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:4» pra
1:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 ant
11:59 am 6:23 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm! 6:53 pm] Tulare 6:ao am 1:0 a pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffio Department. 321 Market St..
: Ean Francisco. ■ __•
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
.Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m., Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:
p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:31
and 4 p. m.
Tare 8. F. to Summit and Return, 11 40.
i THOS COOK * SON. Acts.. 621 Market si. ;
1112
TRANSPORT GRANT BRINGS HOME
WAR-WORN HEROES OF THREE STATES
Five Deaths on the Way Over and a Smallpox Scare at Yokohama.
The Transport Brings a Clean Bill of Health.
£==**= transport Grant slipped ln
through the heads last night about
half-past 10 o'clock and anchored
Jl off the barge offlce to await quar
antine inspection. She has on board
30 officers and 516 men of the First North
Dakota Infantry. 23 officers and 453 men
of the First Idaho Infantry, 12 officers
and 213 men of the First Wyoming In
fantry, 2 officers and 57 men of Battery A,
Wyoming Light Artillery; 8 officers and
84 discharged soldiers. 7 naval prisoners,
2 naval hospital patients and 4 civilian
passengers. Among the passengers was
E. Elsworth Carey of the Freedom Pub
lishing Company, Manila. Mr. Carey had
a description of the voyage written for
the papers and ready to be thrown over to
th. reporters when they went out to the
transport last night.
The Grant had a pleasant run over and
the health of the men has been materially
improved by the sea voyage. The Grant
left Manila July 31; August 5 she arrived
at Nagasaki and commenced coaling im
mediately; August 8 she left Nagasaki and
on August 11 she arrived at Yokohama.
She left Yokohama August 14.
There were live deaths on board from
the time the transport left Manila.
August "- Sergeant Benjamin Moore. Com
pany H. Wyoming Infantry, died of
dysentery; he was buried at sea. On the
night of August 3, Hospital Steward Fred
erick Durham, an insane patient, eluded
his guards and jumped overboard. A boat
was lowered and a search was made for
him, but he was not seen again. Cor-
.*:-.: 7 y: Ll
poral Thomas Olson, Company F, Wyom
ing Infantry, died on board at Nagasaki.
He was buried at Nagasaki. On August
13 a fireman named Robert Satall died.
He was burled at sea. Corporal David
Harrold, Company K. North Dakota In
fantry, died while on the v/ay here from
Yokohama. His body is now on board.
So far as the voyage was concerned
there was little of incident besides a
smallpox scare, which developed just be
fore-the transport reached Yokohama. As
6oon as the vessel arrived at Yokohama
she was ordered into quarantine and all
hands were put ashore until she had been
fumigated. The ship was released next
day and returned to Yokohama. She left
for this port 'he same afternoon witH a
clean bill of health.
When opposite Kobe some of the of
ficers and the pilot wished to land and
make thir way to Yokohama overland,
but the health authorities would not al
low any one to come ashore until all
hands had been examined, and as that
would take too long the captain could
not wait.
The Grant came home by the northern
route. She encountered some ■ fogs and
considerable cold weather, but none of it
was very severe, and the whole trip was
a pleasant one. At Yokohama a Mr.
Coakley, a passenger. Captain Clark of
the Wyoming Light Artillery, two en
gineers and a refrigerator engineer and
an oiler from the crew were left behind.
The transport will be examined by the
Federal quarantine officials this morning,
and by 0 o'clock, if nothing is found to
delay her, she will be ready to dock. In
that case the men will have time to leave
the ship and reach camp in plenty of time
to make themselves comfortable for the
night.
None of the delegations from the East
now here to welcome the troops went out
to the transport last right, but they will
board her as soon as she been passed by
the quarantine officers. Counting her
crew of 156, the Grant has on board 1619
people.
GREAT RECORDS OF THE
RETURNING VOLUNTEERS
The gallant men from the mountains
and plains of Idaho, North Dakota and
Wyoming, who sailed from these shores
a little over a year ago, are home again.
and like those who have preceded them
and those who are yet to follow they
come with a record of "every duty well
done and every honor well won," but not
BOYS OF THE
BOSTON TO BE
ENTERTAINED
A Theater Party in
Their Honor.
The California boys and the officers and
crew of the cruiser Boston will be enter
tained this evening at a theater party
arranged for them by the citizens' exec
utive committee. The electrical illumina
tion of Market street, tin- ferry tower and
the dome of the City Hall will be re
peated in their honor.
The plans of the committee were some
what upset by the announcement that the
Boston had been ordered to Mare Island.
Mayor Phelan kept the wires hot between
this city and the Navy Department at
Washington in an endeavor to have the
execution of the order delayed until
Thursday morning.
Captain Hughes and Lieutenant-Com
mander Allen visited the executive com
mittee yesterday morning and extended
their thanks for the invitation and ex
pressed regret that the cruiser had been
ordered to leave for Mare Island at 2
o'clock. General de Young suggested
that un hour be consumed in weighing
anchor so that the cruiser would be held
until 3 o'clock, which would enable the
committee to receive an answer to their
message to the Navy Department. Cap
tain Hughes laughingly replied that
things were not done in that way on the
Boston, and that if the orders were to
Bail at 2 o'clock the cruiser would sail
or sink in the attempt.
She got away at 2:30 o'clock and ten
minutes later the Navy Department wired
instructions to the commander to delay
departure until Thursday morning. The
Washington dispatch was delivered to
Commander Hughes immediately upon
his arrival at the navy yard and he de
cided to bring the cruiser back to San
Francisco early this morning.
The blue Jackets and marines, escort
ed by the whole or part of the First Cali
fornia Regiment, will march up Market
street, starting from the ferry at 7:30
this evening. They will be entertained at
the Grand Opera-house, the Orpheum and
without having paid the full price of
blood at which glory must be purchased.
The three organizations numbered only
some 1600 men in all, none being more
than eight companies, yet they contrib
uted their full proportion to the roll of
honored dead and to the full list of battle
scarred heroes. Forty-six of their num
ber lulled in action or dead of wounds and
disease found graves in the far-off Philip
pines. Forty-five others bear wounds
more or less severe.
Arriving at Manila too late to partici
pate in the fighting Incident and the in
vestment and capture of the city from the
Spaniards, they received their baptism of
lire in the breaking out of the Filipino
trouble February 6, and from that time
on to the end of the campaign they were
v. Tvs on duty, either fighting at the
front", guarding the all-important pump
ing station and lines about the city or
doing provost duty within its walls. In
any case alike exposed to the ball or knife
of the wily and treacherous foe, and the
Llmost equally fatal pestilential fever and
the wasting dysentry. incident to the cli
mate and surroundings in which they had
to live.
In no other organizations engaged In
the whole Luzon campaign has the pro
portion of the killed to the wounded been
so great as in these commands. In the
lighting of the sth and Gth of February
the Wyoming Battalion lost two killed
and one wounded, its total being nine
dead and but fcur wounded.
The North Dakotaa had a total of six
teen deaths, with but seven wounded, los
ing in the bloody, tight of April 12 four
killed and four wounded.
The Idaho battalions, numbering 700
men in all. have a death list -if twenty
one, with thirty-four wounded. They
were with the First California in King's
brigade when the fighting began, and on
February 5 and 6. between Paco, Santa
Ana and San Pedro Macati, they lost
seven killed and twenty-five wounded,
the Columbia. The Boston's crew and
500 of the Californians will go to the
Grand Opera-house, where boxes will be
reserved for the cruiser's officers. At the
Orpheum Colonel Duboce, the officers of
the California Regiment and the execu
tive committee will occupy boxes. Five
hundred members of the regiment will lee
cared for at this playhouse. The heavy
artillery will attend the Columbia, where
boxes will be set apart for the officers.
The executive committee expects to be
engaged for the next week auditing tie
bills of the celebration. No figures as
to the actual expenditure have yet been
compiled. Many of the sub-committees
'nave not made their final reports, and it
is impossible to do more than roughly es
timate the outlay. It is the general im
pression that the total amount expended
will not exceed $25,000. At the meeting
held yesterday morning in the office of
Mayor Phelan a vote of thanks was ex
tended to Chief Lees, the police force aid
the members of the Fire Department for
the efficiency with which they handled
the crowd on the night of the big parade
and for the able manner in which they
cleared the streets along the line of
march.
Money is still flowing into the coffers
of the finance committee. The total of the
fund has reached $62,704 71. Yesterday the
Harbor Commissioners made their ' re
turns on the bay excursion and handed
the treasurer $1800 71, representing the net
balance after deducting all expenses.
Other additions to the fund were: Claus
Spreckels. $150; United States Courts and
Marshal, $46; Abner Doble & Co.. $10; Cal
ifornia Powder Works.' s2so; Giant Pow
der Works, $100; Judson Dynamite and
Powder Works, $100; employes Union Iron
Works, $106; -Ensign, Bickford & Co., $25;
California Cap Works, $25; Western Fuse
and Explosive Company, $25; California
Fuse Works, $25; James B. Chase, $5; BL
Bingham, $5. 'y-.X
Services In memory of the dead soldiers
of the California regiments will be held
next Sunday afternoon at the Alhambra
Theater, beginning at 2:30 o'clock. The
affair has been arranged by Mrs. Grace
R. Moore, who has had the assistance of
the Red Cross ladies and the support of
the citizens' executive committee.
An appropriate programme of consider
able length has been arranged. Brief re
marks will be made by Rev. George Ad
ams, Rev. Robert Mackenzie. Rev. F. B.
Cherington, Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger, Pro
fessor Thomas R. Bacon of Berkeley.
David Starr Jordan of Stanford and
Father William D. McKinnon. Music
will be furnished by the Loring Club, and
solos will be rendered by Mrs. Eva Shedd
Tenney and Putnam Grlswold. They will
be accompanied on the violin by Pietro
Marino.
The theater will be handsomely deco
rated. Ladles who are noted for their
educational, phllanthroplcal and patriotic
work will occupy places on the platform.
It is desired by the committee of ar
rangements that the relatives of the de
ceased soldiers call at the Red Cross head
quarters, in the Hearst building, Thurs
day, Friday or Saturday afternoons and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 30, 1599.
receive tickets for reserved seats "at the
services. The relatives will be the only
ones for whom seats will be reserved.
A delegation of fifteen ladies, represent
ing the Army Comfort Circle of Nash
ville, Term., are coming to San Francisco
to receive the Tennessee troops upon their
arrival from the- Philippines. They have
written to George A. Newhall to have
headquarters set apart for them. He
turned their letter over to the- local Keel
Cross Society, and it referred the com
munication to the citizens' executive com
mit. •■. No action has been taken in the
matter, but it is likely that the Tennessee
delegation will be allowed to make them
selves at home in the Union Square tent.
A banquet will be given to-morrow even
ing by the Native Sons at the St. Ger
main restaurant, O'Farrell street, in honor
of Thomas W. Spain, we. captain of Com
pany <;, First California Volunteers; J.
Edward Manning, sergeant Battery A,
First California Heavy Artillery; Charles
B. Henderson, second lieutenant United
States Volunteer Cavalry (Rough Riders);
Lionel D. Hargis, corporal Eighth Califor
nia Volunteers, and Lewis E. Kingsley of
the Seventh California Volunteers.
A reception will be tendered to Second
Lieutenant R. J. Dowdall, Company G,
First California Volunteers, by Hesperian
Parlor, Native Sons of the Oolden West,
this evening at their hall, Valencia and
Sixteenth streets.
--
Vallejo Welcomes the Boston.
VALLEJO, Aug. 29.— cruiser Boston
arrived at Mare island shortly after 5
o'clock this afternoon. She was given a
hearty greeting as she steamed up the
channel. Whistles blew, lire bells rang
and the people of the city turned out en
masse to shout. The crew was delighted
with the reception, and assembled on
deck and cheered themselves hoarse. The
arrival of the cruiser was a surprise to
the citizens' committee, which had In
preparation a more formal welcome. She
will go back to San Francisco temporar
ily to-morrow morning, and upon her re
turn -iere the original reception pro
gramme will be carried out. Many Val
lejoites will go to San Francisco to-mor
row evening to witness the electrical il
lumination.
NEWSBOYS WANTED-To sell the
Wasp of this week, out to-day. Twenty
pages of up-to-date pictures of .day and
night scenes of the great volunteer
parade. »
Parade- ' *
■ m * _
For the Pacific Cable.
WELLINGTON. N. 'A.. Aug. 29.-The
House of Representatives, in committee
to-day, agreed to the resolutions author
lzlng the Government of New Zealand to
join in defraying the cost of the proposed
Pacific cable. ' **•**;*• ■-■■
■ • ■ .
"Cars stop here," this Is the sign
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does lt for them;
Opposite "Call Bldgr." 'tis a gem.
among the former being tneir gdimm
veteran leader, Major McConville.
THE NATION'S SACRIFICE.
List of Heroes of Three States
Who Died and Suffered
for the Flag.
Following is a full list of members of
the three returning regiments who nobly
gave up life or health in preservation of
the flag in the Philippines:
Sergeant Benjamin Moore, Company H,
First Wyoming, died of dysentery on
August 2 and was burled at sea-
Thomas Olson, corporal, Company F,
Wyoming, died at Nagasaki and was
buried there on August 6.
David Harrold, corporal, Company X,
r-^a
North Dakota, died at sea on August 20.
North Dakota, died at sea on August 20.
His body is on board the Grant.
Hospital Steward Frederick Durham, an
Insane patient, eluded his guards and
Jumped overboard on August 2. A boat
was lowered, but no trace of the man
could be found.
FIRST IDAHO.
DEAD.
Major Edward McConnvllle. February 5, 1899;
Serjeant Frank Dement, Company B, Novem
ber 3. ISMS ; Private James It. Fraser. Company
B, February ... 1599; Corporal Frank Caldwell,
Company B. February 5, 1899; Private George
W. Hall, Company B, February ... 1899; Cor
poral William A. Jones, Company C, October
22. 1898; Private Bud L. Adamfron. Company C,
June 11. 1898; Private William Tracy, Company
C, March 17. 1899; Private Howard Haller, Com
pany C, February >'.. 1899; Sergeant Oie G. Hag
berg*. Company D, November 29. 1898; Private
James Gnnang, Company D. February 21, 1899;
Private William Burgess. Company E. March
WORK FOLLOWS
PLEASURE FOR
CALIFORNIS
•
Getting Down to Camp
Routine.
The California men have settled down to
business. The officers have had their work
outlined, and yesterday the process of
mustering out was started in earnest.
With the other commands the work took
three weeks, but they had no outside In
fluences to delay them. It is the intention,
however, not to allow social affairs to In
terfere with the California men, but even
with that good intention it is hardly prob
able the work can be carried on as rapidly
as other regiments have 'done it.
There has been no special camp routine
established so far, for Colonel Duboce has
had other troubles, but to-day a routine
will be made out and posted. So far, too,
there has not been an officers' mess. The
officers, except those on guard duty, have
been resigned to stay in camp only from
9 in the morning until 4 in the' afternoon,
and they have been getting breakfast and
dinner at home, and lunch just outside of
the reservation.- This plan may be con
tinued if it be found that the officers can
attend to their duties under it. Otherwise
a mess will be established and the oflicers
will have to live in camp.
Orders have been received from General
Shafter directing Colonel Duboce and Ma
jor Rice to hold their command in readi
ness to escort the men coming in on the
Grant from the wharf to the Presidio.
Colonel Duboce is going to request the
privilege of also escorting the Minnesota
men when they come in. The calirornia
men were treated most cordially by the
Minnesota men when they met in Manila,
and the regiment wishes to show the Min
nesota men what courtesy it can.
A communication from the Registrar nas
been posted on the regimental order
board. It reminds the men of the regi
ment that registration for the election to
be held ' November 7 is now being carried
on, and that all who were citizens when
they left here and who can register from
some place where they will be living for
24' 159„9,; r°rP'">ral George Scott. Company E.
May 23. 1899; Sergeant William D. Gillespie.
Company F. October 15. 1899; Musician Charles
P. O'Donnell, Company F. December 1. 1895;
Private Adolph Agidlus. Company F. February
20. 1899; Corporal F. H. Fitzpatrick. Company
G. October — . IS9S ; Private Walter Hugard,
Company G. January 29, 1899; Private Orion L.
liarrat. Company G. February 6. 1899; Private
Harry McClure, Company H, February 6, 1599:
Private Harvey Plowman, Company H, Feb
ruary 26, ISD9.
FIRST IDAHO.
WOUNDED.
Musician Fred W. Beck. February 3-7. 1899:
Quartermaster Sergeant Ernest Scott. February
6-7, 1599; Private Fred P. Streeter, February 5-7,
1899; Private Howard Hullor. February' 5-7,
1899; Private John Swltzens. February 5-7, 1893;
Private Will C. Payne, February 5-7, 1899; Pri
vate Frank A. McCall. February 5-7, 1899; Pri
vate James Hansen, February 5-7. 1899: Private
F. Lewis. February 5-7. 1899; Private
Rutherford, February 5-7. 1899; Private Beach
Harvey, February 5-7. 1899; Private Fred
Schell, February 5-7, 1899; Private William M.
Keller, February 5-7. 1899; Private James
Payne. February 5-7. 1899; Private Riley Wal
ter. February 5-7, 1899; Private Robert Jones.
February 5-7, 1899; Privat? Enoch Roth. Febru
ary 5-7. 1839; Private Sidney Bailey. Februaiy
5-7. 1899; Sergeant William Teller. February 5-7,
1899: Private John H. Lut Jens, February 6-7,
1899; Private James Ryan, February 5-7, 1899;
Private Richard Jones. February 5-7. 1899; Cap
tain L. R. Hamer, Company E, February 5-7,
1899; Corporal Howard Barkley, Comt.any E,
February 5-7, 1899; Corporal James R. Willard,
Company D, February 5-7, 1899; Private Charles
S. Lamb, February 24-25. 1899; Private John An
derson. February 24-25, 1899; Private W. H.
Lille, Company D. February 27, 1899; Captain
Edward Smith, Company D, March 10, 1899;
Private C. A. Benedict. Company H. March 16.
1899; Private Claude Hill. Company A, March
26, 1899; Private Arthur P. Larsen, Company A,
April U. 1899; Private George B. Manning,
*,•••
left*, .-★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★sa
m+ .★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★isa
Company C. April 24. 1899; Private Hugh j
Hutchinson, Company C, June 6, 1899..
FIRST WYOMING BATTALION.
KILLED IN ACTION AND DIJJD OF
WOUNDS AND DISEASE.
Private Levy P. Mlnnlch, Company C,
August IS. 1S98; Sergeant George C.
Rogers, Company C, February 5. 1899;
Private Ray F. Wiedenee, Company C. Febru
ary 5, 1899; Private Joseph Spaeter. Company
C. March 7. 1899; Private Ernest R. Booker,
Company F. January 1. IW9; Private George
Prlggs '(real name Harry D. Wleks). Company
'i. April 12, 1899; Corporal Thomas Holden,
Company H, July 6, I^'."\ ; Private Morley L.
Hassard, Company H. November 6, 1898; Pit
vate Wesley Lyttle, Company H. June 23. ISS9.
FIRST WYOMING BATTALION.
WOUNDED.
Private Harry R. Cromrine, February
5-7, 1899; Captain John O'Brien. Com
pany F, March 7, 1899; Private O. E. Small,
Company G, March 7, 1899: Private John Mc-
Connell. Company (5. March 7. 1899.
FIRST NORTH DAKOTA.
KILLED IN ACTION AND DIED OF
WOUNDS AND DISEASE.
Private Adolph Kaplln, Company A. March
2S. 1899; Private A. H. Whittaker. Company
A, April 13. 1899; Private John Buckley, Com
pany C, August 16. 1898;. Private Frank Upham,
Company C, January 3, 1899; Private Peter
Tompkins, Company C, April 12, 1899; Corporal
Isadore Driscoll, Company C, April 12, 1899;
Private W. G. Lamb, Company C, April 12.
1599; Private Alfred Allen, Company C, April
12. 1599; Private John C. Byron. Company D.
May 24, 1599; Private John A. Swing Company
<;. March 1, 1899; Private John Morgan. Com
pany H. October 16, 1898; Private Frank M.
Hardin, Company H. November 21, 1S98: Musi
cian George Schneller Company I. April 14,
1899; Musician file T. Lakken. Company K. No- \
vember 21. 1898; Musician John Turner, Com
pany H, April I*, 1899; Corporal John C. Baron,
Company H, May 24, 1899.
FIRST NORTH DAKOTA.
WOUNDED.
Sergeant W. H. Lock, Company O, February
5-9. 1899; Private Harry W. Donovan, Company
H. March 23-26. 1899; Corporal Herman Wolf,
Company H. April 11. 1899; Private Herbert
Files. Company I, April 14, 1599; Private Au
gust Hans.il, Company X, April 12. 1899; Private
E. Peppke, Company E. April 14. 1899; Private
William Truck, Company C, May 13, 1899.
Rev. A. C. Bane will speak at 11 a. m.
and 2:30 p. m. to-day, and Rev. W. C.
Blackstone at 7:30 p. m.. at the Peniel
Missionary Conventron, 49 Third street.*
MOVEMENTS OF
THE TRANSPORTS
o -zz-xz o
Q ■" Wy HE transport Sheridan q
O * sailed from Manila on q
O August 10 with the South q
O Dakota and Minnesota vol- q
Q unteers. She was to call q
q at Nagasaki for coal, but q
O so far no word of her q |
q having arrived ' there has q
q reached San Francisco. On her q
q last voyage the Sheridan made q
q the run from Manila to Nag- q
q asaki in eight days and from q
q Nagasaki to San Francisco in _
q eighteen days. Judging on Q
0 that basis she should be here _
0 about September 5. . _
0 The transports Zealandia Jf
' _ and Valencia, with the First Z.
a Montana Volunteers, both left Jf
" Manila on August 23. They ®
jft are coming via Nagasaki and Jf
'■ ft should get here about Septem- ****
i ber 20. On their last voyages ™
Jf the Zealandia took twenty-six ®
;*T and the Valencia twenty- ®
:J? seven days to come from ®
I ® Manila. °
O O
OOOOQOOOOOOO 00 000
1 thirty days prior to the election may come
: In and register.
[ An invitation from Young Ladies' Instl
j tue No. 7, asking all members of the Call
j fornia volunteer command to attend the
social to be given to-morrow evening in
I Native Sons' Hall, on Mason street, has
I also been posted.
Colonel Jones, former commander of the
Idaho Regiment, called on General Shafter
! yesterday. Colonel Jones ls out here with
I the committee from Idaho to welcome the
Idaho Regiment The regiment is on the
transport Grant.
Second Lieutenant H. W. Bankhead,
Twentieth Infantry, reported for duty at
the Presidio yesterday.
During the past week 1100 horses have
arrived at the Presidio and twenty car-
loads more will arrive to-day or to-mor
row. The animals have been turned into
the big corral by the cavalry stable, but
room Is beginning to be scarce. The cor-
ral was intended for 1600 and it has more
than that in there now. The Leelanaw,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This week we will show an
elegant variety of New Dress Goods
for Fall wear, and among the novel-
ties we will exhibit are the follow-
ing.
ing.
CAMELS-HAIR HOMESPUNS, 50 inches wide,
mixed effects, for tailor and outing suits,
$1.25 Yard.
52-inch CAMELS-HAIR CHEVIOTS, in two-
toned and mixed effects, all new colorings,
$1.00 Yard.
WIDE WALE CHEVIOTS, in new shades of
hlue and Burgundy, warranted all wool
and 50 inches wide.
$1.00 Yard.
ALL WOOL GRANITE SUITINGS, in all the
new fall colorings, full 45 inches wide,
75c Yard.
46-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY WEAVES, in
small patterns and latest colorings,
' $1.00.
S9i Ja_*___*-J^HT&^
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
111, 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
■which will sail on Saturday, will give
some relief. She will take away 262. There
are also the Aztec, which will take 600;
the Centennial, which will take 250, and
the Sikh, which will carry 350. All these
will get away fully laden before Septem
ber 15. '__ . _ _
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace P. Ran
dolph, Third ; Artillery, accompanied by
William Kreichelt. a civilian employe,
has been ordered to proceed to San Luis
Obispo an.l from there to Irvington to in
spect and purchase horses.
Major W. H. S. Matthews, brigade sur
geon has been ordered to Manila. He
will leave on the transport Warren.
Captain William B. Reynolds. Four
teenth Infantry, has been ordered to re
port after September 1 to the general
hospital at the Presidio as quartermaster,
commissary and ordnance officer, to re
lieve First Lieutenant George A. Reed,
Fifty-first lowa Volunteer Infantry.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Andy Hall has
been ordered to report for duty at the
general hospital at the Presidio. I
Keith's exclusively millinery house, Phe
lan building. Opening September 1 and 2. *
Death of Fred A. Katz.
Frederick A. Katz, one of the best
known butchers in the State, passed
away last Monday at his residence, 1024
Union street. Deceased was a member
of the firm of Katz & Sons, butchers and
pork packers. He leaves a widow and
four children to mourn his loss. Mrs.
E C Kalben, wife of the Supervisor, was
hi's sister The funeral will be held to
day "at 1 o'clock from his late residence.
He will be interred in the Odd Fellows
Cemetery. ■ '.X
Keith's French hats, new French hats.
Keith^s Opening. September 1 and 2. •
Noted Evangelist to Speak.
Rev. A. C. Bain of Pacific Grove ana
Rev. W. E. Blackstone will both be in
attendance to-day at the Peniel Mission
ary convention, 49 Third street. The for
mer will speak at the 11 o'clock a. m.
meeting and the latter at the evening
meeting at 8 o'clock, his subject being
"God's Committee." The meetings will
continue until Friday morning, three
times daily, 11 a. m... 2:30 and 7:30 p. m.
Every home should have a copy of
The Call's splendid Souvenir Edition.
Eyre Residence Sold.
MENLO PARK, Aug. 28.— Perry Eyre
has sold his handsome home on Atherton
avenue, Menlo Park, to George Batchel
der. Mr. Eyre has purchased ten acres
adjoining the Fair Oaks station and will
build a fine mansion.
fOOKS
v in
Tii REE '
THREE ■
MSNUTES
'*'!mn™mJ'____*i____T2________^lT__^^
W _*$ ;! " J' ■» -wl P m_\ a»
SQL Cgg {| CTfl f^ 1 -**lP& \ '-.
A Week FREEf¥~f
Treatment and Medicine JV& g
Catarrh, Deafness, |||§|
Catarrh, Deafness, ifs§h
NOISES IN EARS AND |iaf'
THROAT DISEASES. JlrT^i
GIVEN to show the superior i-SKy^ *£*» ■•
merit of my new INVEN- §§§?' /filSLi
TION and ANTISEPTIC |§r ft3sHT
treatment, that gives mar- $$R EsEs&
velous cures even after other ■
treatments fail. So easy aS3
child can use It; 2000 test ?Si JipSßts
cases, over 95 per cent cured. j^^s&lllaP^^'
Hundreds of indorsements. i^y?^9|^:'iv
But the best way is to try it and be convinced
while you can FREE. Write for literature or
call at once for FREE TREATMENT.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
DR. COTTINGHAM,
G32 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-12 a. m., 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
For
Good Coffee
Big Presents
Try
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES. '2'ZjJ^. -
MR. LEO BABAYAN.
OF TEHERAN, PERSIA,
Has Brought a Superb Collection ot
Persian
TURKISH
FINE ANTIQUE
FINE ANTIQUE
RUGS, CARPETS, Etc.
Ha Has Consigned to Me the Entire Stock to
Sell Out at
AUCTION!
AUCTION'
Without Limit or Reserve, at
117 SUTTER STREET,
Opposite Nathan. Dohrmann & Co."**.
SALE COMMENCES ON
WEDNESDAY, August 30th,
At 2:30 d. m. Daily.
Goods on View Tuesday. Catalogues.
DEALERS ARE INVITED.'
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
I Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. POUGERA 4 CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3.-RE-
modeled and renoi.ated. KING, WARD &
! CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 50 day
| $6 to *8 week: JS to »30 month. Free bath*; hot
and cold water every room; tire grate, la .v«ra
1 rocm; elevator runs all night,