VOLUME LXXXVI- >'O. 59.
LAVA FROM MAUNA LOA'S
CRATER MAY REACH HILO
Kjlauea Is Also Smoking and Lively to Join in Send
ing piery Streams Down the Moun
tain Sides.
STREAMS OF LAVA FLOWING IN THE DIRECTION OF HILO.
9 * ■ * .♦.♦■♦♦ ♦ ♦-♦-,
n J? ONOLIJLU. July 21.— P*!e Is]
gathering all who have a few
g .:::i:vr~ to spare to her fiery
: »Id. and she is playing mis- I
• siev< us rr-i-k5 over sea and land with
the srobl-te :' -- from her craters. So .
cer:s<= have been those fogs in Honolulu |
that tiie sun hci~ been cit times almost ,
bscurec, while :\r the benefit of those j
:ar:;.:.ir witn our city :et me ;i> tnat .
rar.fcj, a couple :" miles away, were
completely hidden and Punchbowl, say ■
half a mile a'*'ay. barely loomed .
through the r.::- r . whUe seaward the
i;ua:ar. ! .ir.e station was invisible. At |
sea so thick was this smoke fog around j
the islands and for SOO miles distant '
that navigation was- considerably im- |
peded. ami even the llaripo~a was de- '
Layed several hours by it.
From this it will be apparent that the ■
volcanic activity is increasing instead
of decreasing, and. ; 'moreover, there are j
strong indications that tviiau-ra. intends |
to Join in the display of fiery fountains
with her more distant lister, Mokua
veoweo.
The opinion of the many who have
Just returned from the scene of vol- !
canic fire with faces burned and tanned
to the color of the fashionable leather i
shoes is that the flow will continue for '
months, and will be the largest and ]
most important ever known in the
modern history of the islands.
It is a wonderful sight to watch the j
lava as in its steady flow of about half
a mile a day it meets with an obstruc- •
tion, halts like a train of ants to re- ;
ga'rd it and then butts against it.
swells up into a gigantic cone from j
which bursts another flow which grand- '
ly surmounts the barrier in its way,
flinging- broadcast fiery tongues and j
heavinar upward massive bulks of rud- j
dy rooks, which fail with a frightful
splash into the never resting rivers of i
molten earth.
It is almost painful to listen to the,
tales of the pioneer explorers ard their
futile endeavors to depict the grandeur j
•f the scene. They^haye the "picture in |
the mind's eye. bur they cannot paint i
it. Nature is too grand for them. They \
will go into immaterial details about [
their arduous tabors, the loss' of their j
shoes, the excruciating sensations of |
mountain sickness and the Itrgth of \
the Sow, and then end by saying, *"I [
wouldn't have missed it for ten thou- !
sand dollars, but I wouldn't do it again j
for twice the sum." It is after all one '
of those things that must be seen to i
be appreciated and that description de- •
strays.
The latest details — up to the 15th inst. J
— are that the old lava flow running j
toward Kau had stop-ped and that an
other one had broken out running in
tbout the same direction. The now
toward Hl2c had entered the forest and
had traveled about fifteen miles frcm
the crater and was moving slowly, and
at the present rate of progression
would take about three weeks before it j
reached the immediate neighborhood of
that city. Another report says that
the flow, waa^filiias w^iii^iajjia iao4 i
The San Francisco Call.
.
LAVA FLOWING
TOWARD HILO
■
■
I
-
-
_
-
-
-
-- • ■
that i
-
I
its. One a
. - k that a
- ex
rus
■
-
i that have
-
-
-
I
Advices by the steamer W. G. Hall-
July IS — wer,e to the effect that the
branch of the eruptive stream which
started down toward Kapapaia has
ceased to flow, and the energy of the
eruption is not concentrated upon the
stream which may eventually reach
Hilo. The reports from that side of the
island. wh:»:h reached Kau before the
W. G. Hail left, were that the liquid
lava had reached the plateau upon
which is situated the Humuula sheep
ranch, and that a part of the pasture
land had been covered. Nothing defin
ite, however, upon this point could be
obtained, the main views from that
side having been carried down by the
Kinau. The party that started on Juiy
14 for the- source of the flow had not
returned to the Volcano House when
the W. G. Hall left.
Kilauea is, according to reports of
the latest visitors, smoking very freely,
thouch no Sre has yet broken ' out.
Heavy masses are rolling out, of the
southern end of the crater, and the
small cracks throughout the -crater
floor are giving out smoke and steam.
The heat at the sulphur bath continues
to increase, and everything points to
great activity.
Sheriff Andrews got near the source
of the flow from a different direction..
He started from Honokaa and followed
the road and trail from -"Waixnea lead
ing up toward the top of Manna Kea.
This brought him above the source- of
the flow. -.r- '■'"■■■<-■•
-One flow," he cays, "started aJaout
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY J9, 1699.
■
-
■
-
_ -
■
-
-
-
-
-
HI to, so that
-
. -
■
- "
■
i
-
"'The - cone or hill from which this
stream is flowing is similar in form to
Punchbowl or Diamond Head. In the
day time you can only know it is ac
tive by the fact that it is constantly
changing form, and by the terrific
noise it makes. But at night you can
see it spouting up molten lava. All of
the lava so far thrown up is the lava
which flows with a different movement
from pahoehoe lava, which advances in
a series of waves."
Frank Davey, a photographer, who
returned by the W. G. Hall, had one
of the most interesting trips of any
man who has visited the eruption.
Davey ascended Ma Una Loa on horse
back to the top, passed around the old
big crater at the summit and then pro
ceeded by foot down the side. From
the. top of the mountain to the head of
the lava flow the artist came upon and
examined eight cones or craters. They
were in succession down the side. Ail
were of considerable size, being nearly
as large as the cone of Punchbowl,
with high wails ail around, except on
the lower sides.
The first five were dead, but ap- j
peared to have been active quite re- j
cently. The sixtft was smoking. In the j
seventh was some fire and considerable |
smoke. The eighth was the wonder of ;
the series. It was belching forth smoke ;
and fire, as well as molten rocks of
great size. "The rocks ere as big as
a horse." explained Davy, "and went ;
so high in the air that they cooled be- \
fore falling again to the ground."
From this crater issued the flow that
is making toward Hilo. Mr. Davey says
that from above, where he was. it pre
sented a grand spectacle winding down
the mountain side. The artist went to ;
the very edge of the spouting crater j.
and made several pictures of it.
Davey is inclined to believe the story
that Humuuia sheep ranch is being
burned up by the flow. He says that
the flow was proceeding in that direc
tion and there was nothing to stop it
If It kept on. The speed was sufficient I
to -briss-.it- to tie ranch by this time, i
The
-
tis
. -
■
i dcs : as a
-
I
1
-
-
.1. S. Pratt was caught, on a knoll
high up on Jlauna Loa. on two sides of
which the lava, was flowing- The sun
was* nearly down. He' did not ' know
which way to go and spent the night
there as a det?r>erate chance, as he
thought, of life. He sat up all night
and watched the lava flow. When the
fumes were blown his way he would
have to lie down on his face to keep
from suffocating-. Next morning he
found his way out by following back
do-srn between the two flows.
i
— _ . | f or s
- ■
. ■ ■
INSPECTION OF
MOLTEN STREAMS
HILO, Hawai!. July 14.— After a j
peaceful slumber of about eighteen !
years the- crater - of Mokuaweoweo j
near the summit of Mauna Loa. Ha- j
waii. has awakened with renewed '
vigor. Early in the morning of the 4th |
of July Madame Pele burst from her [
Ion? imprisonment, and lighted a bon- \
fire, perhaps in commemoration of the)
day. upon a mountain almost 14.000 feet I
above sea level. At about 4 o'clock in j
the momin.e a terrific explosion woke
up some of the inmates of the Volcano
House, who. upon looking out of their
windows, saw the sky all ■slow and
witnessed then and there the sight of
a lifetime. It was evident that Mckua-
we-jweo was active. No warning' had
been given of an eruption as frequently
happens — there was no earthquake nor
any smoke seen the previous night is
suing from the crater.
a Large party started from Hilo as
soon as possible for the Volcano House,
thirty miles from Hilo, thence, fully
equipped with provisions and water for
a number of days, they rode away to
the eastern base of the mountain, and
over the flow of ISSL Here the horses
were tethered where there ••as abun
dance of good grass, and then began a
long-, tedious, arduous climb of more
than twelve miles over the lava to the
head of the flow. This was beyond a
doubt the hardest part of the journey.
for it must be performed on foot, being
over id a-a and pahoehoe flows which
are so irregular that it is not safe to
ride even the most sure-footed qcadru
ped. The a-a is lava which cools rap
idly and forms a clinkery surface, yet.
although uneven, is .mostly firm and
solid and can be walked over with little
- . Continued on Second Piz*. ' ' . i
WARSHIPS
ORDERED TO
SAN DOMINGO
American Interests to
Be Guarded.
REVOLUTION IS HOW FEARED
This Government Will Closely
Watch the Course of Ger
many in Present Crisis.
SD^cial Dispatch to Th* Call.
HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON. July 2s.— American men-o-f
--war will be on hand to look out
for American interests in the
event of a revolution and any undue
foreign interference following the as
sassination of President Heureaux of
the Dominican republic.
As a result of a conference between
Secretaries Hay and Long this after
------- orders were ...
the cruiser New Orleans to sail at once
from Newport and the gnnboat Machias
to sail as soon as repairs are completed
from St. Thomas for San Domingo. The
New Orleans is expected to reach San
Domingo about Tuesday of next week.
The Machias is having repairs made,
which will require about eight days to
complete.' She is not expected at the
seat of the threatened trouble before
abo-at the sth or <>th of August. No
specific instructions have been given to
either of the naval commanders. The
teleeraphie instructions sent them
simply directed the protection of Amer-
The New Orleans is commanded by
Captain E-Iwari Long-neeker. a capable
and discreet officer, in whom the de
partment has the greatest confidence.
The commanding officer of the Machias
is Commander Leavitt C. Lc-gan.
Officially the authorities say that
these vessels are bein^ «***.»*<*< the
Dominican Government s«ilriy as a.
precautionary measure: that the press
dispatches indicate political intrigues
which may result in revolution, and
that as American interests in the little
republic are paramount to those of any
other ccuntry it is the part of prudence
to have ampie force at hand to see that
full protection is ?iven to those inter
■
. As to the possibility of annexation as
an immediate outcome of the assassina
tion Secretary Hay and Secretary Long
think that it is going too fast to expect
such a result and rather discourage
this kind of talk. They do not deny,
however, that the United States may
be forced to serious responsibilities in
connection "with the future government
of San Domingo. While no detailed in
formation has been received regarding
the plot which resulted in the assassi
nation of President Heureaux it is be
lieved to be probable that it was plan
ned and executed by partisans of Jimi
nez. the revolutionary leader. It is
known that '-'■-- had lived in fear
of assassination for many months. He
had frankly announced that he pro
posed to continue the Presidency as
long as he lived.
German Interests in this republic are
considerable and President Hereaux
was stronzly backed by them. The fu
ture of the republic may depend largely
upon the course taken by the foreign
element in this crisis-. The course of
the German Government in the present
crisis will be watched with considerable
interest by the American Government.
The finances of San Dominsro are in
a bad way and merchants doing busi
ness there have little hx-pe of any ma
terial improvement unless this Govern
ment in some way takes control of
matters.
HEUREAUX INTERRED
WITH MILITARY HONORS
=p«<rlal Cabl* to The Call and the N«-w Tot*
Herald. Copyrighted. 1533. by J&rses Gcr
dor. Bennett.
PUERTO PLATA, via Hayti, July
Cruiser New Orleans and Gunboat Machias, Which
Have Been Ordered to San Domingo.
DEWEY SAYS OUR
NEXT WAR WILL BE
WITH GERMANY
Sensational Statements Made ny the
Admiral During an Interview
at Trieste.
p«cial Cable to The Call and Bew York Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by
Janes Gordon. Bennett.
TRIESTE. July 28. — I had a conversation with Admiral
Dewey on board the Olympia yesterday. In reply to my
remarks that Germany had intended to interfere at Ma
■
•*Yes. Prince Henry of Prussia is a man of the type of his
brotner. the '_ierman .t^rnperor.
is?" I asked
"He was relieved from his Manila post in accordance with
an arrangement of long standing" and because his time was up,
not as a concession, made in friendliness to the American Gov
ernment. Germany's policy is to prevent the powers from ob
umot a
After we had spoken of Samoa as evidence ot her policy the
idi
"We need a large and thoroughly equipped navy that can
cope with any other power. England is a natural ally and dif
ferences such as those about the V enezuelan border and fisheries
do not intenere with the inenuly understanding existing De
tv.een the two nations. Our next war will be with Germany.*'
The admiral remained on board the Olympia to-day and re
ceived Mr. Hoesteid; L rated States Consul, and a number of
The commander of the Trieste garrison offered the band of
the Eighty-seventh Regiment and sent an armed escort to the
funeral of Isaac Rask. a seaman of the Olympia. who was buried
this morning with military honors. The otter was declined, as
it was thought that Rask would have preferred to have the
music furnished by his own comrades, although the compliment
paid by the commander of the garrison was highly appreciated
and the offer would have otherwise been accepted.
Fully :0.000 persons witnessed the ceremony. The burial
service was performed by Pastor Edicus of the Lutheran Church,
to which denomination Rask belonged.
"The admiral sent a wreath of flowers several feet high and
the colors were it half-mast on the Olvmpia.
\Y hen the Olympia leaves here on I uesday she will sail in
the evening. The first port she touches at will be Naples,
where Admiral Dewey will be received as he was here.
The jOlympia may coal at Leghorn and then proceed to
Gibraltar, remaining there several days. She will then sail for
Madeira, where she will make another stop and then proceed to
X - "XT' T
New 1 ork.
_- — The late President Heureaux of
San Domingo was buried with mili
tary honors at 5 o'clock yesterday
afternoon In the cathedral at Santiago
de los Caballeros. it not being possible
to embalm the body and bring it here.
The funeral services were attended
by a large number of people and were
conducted with great solemnity. The
body had laid in state throughout the
day. The government c-f the province
superintended the public mourning.
Yesterday tnroushout the island can
non were fired hourly and flags were
placed at half-mast on all public build
ings. The Government has issued a
decree ordering a period of national
mourning for nine days.
The city of San. Dominsro is in a
state of great unrest and business there
is entirely suspended, people fearing: an
outbreak. Last night a band of armed
men attacked Mooa, -where President
Heureaux was killed, and fired several
shots.
- It is reported that the forces sup
porting the assassin have" been aug
mented considerably. The Government
has taken measures to put down any
insurrection.
GOMEZ AS CANDIDATE
FOR THE PRESIDENCY
U — WKh regard -
PRICE FIVE CESTTS.
the rumor that Gomez will be the next
President of the republic of Santo Do
mingo. It is stated here that the mosi
popular candidate is Senor Juan Jim!
nez. who took part in the insurrection
of June, IS9B. and who is now in Ha-
■
-
■
g the ra
s to his as -
-
-
- - ..
I
-
In alluding to the cafe conspirators,
Gomez made use of a contemptuous
term which is used among Cubans tc
sisnify cowards, and said he did not
believe that many men belonging to the
army would have anything to do witi
such people, who. he declared.' do not
represent Cuba, yet cause much mis
representation. He also classes a num
ber of papers in the same category.
7. Diario de la Marina and La Luch.T
express the opinion that in view of ths
present expansion policy the United
States may intervene In. Santo Do
mingo.
HORRIBLE TORTURE
OF BELGIAN LADS
Ejelids Pierced With Needles and
Teeth Extracted to Enforce
a Confession.
LONDON. July ».— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily News telegraphs a
story taken from a Ttfiis paper of incred
ible brutality in the works of a Beie:a~
iron company" in the Caucasus. According
to the story a number of lads who were
suspected of theft were horribly tortured
by the Belgian director and six Belgian
foremen, with a view to farcin? a confes
sion. The lads' eyelids ■were pierced with
needles, their bodies were savagely belab
ored until they lost consciousness, their
teeth were extracted, targe? stones were
forced into their mouths, and their fore
heads were hammered with the butts of
revolvers. The public prosecutor 13 now
making an investigation into the aSalr.
MORMONS ESCAPE
FROM GEORGIA MOB
Swim Down a Creek Bud Finally
Beach, the Home of
J::-nds.
JACKSON. Ga., July 2&— The three Mor
mon elders who were taken a^ay -•- —
the home of William Curtr.ard on Wednes
day nisrht by a mob. escaped from theii
captors and are now saie near here. The?
are badly bruised. , . ,
They -=warn down the creeiS. hotly pur
sued by the mob. finally escaping- to th«
home of friends. It is not thought --,
mob intended to lynch them, but only M
escort them out of the county.
Ex-President Elasco Dead.
PAT- - July 25.— Guzman Blanco, ea
President cf Venezuela, is dead.2
SAYS CORCORAN
GOT OFF EASY
Steunenberg- Talks of
Idaho Troubles.
RIOTERS CALLED TRAITORS
CONVICTION MARKS THE END OF
ANARCHY.
Idaho's Governor Holds That the
Evidence Justified a Verdict of
Murder in the First
Degree.
s : • .-:. i! Dispatch to The fall.
BOISE Idaho, July 28.— Governor
Steunenberg to-night save out the fol
lowing statement expressive of his feel-
Ings in favor of the conviction of Paul
■ran at Wallace, being the tlrst
n1 of the State's future
plans:
"While in my judgment the evidence
in the Corcoran case justified a verdict
of murder in the first degree, 1 would
be loth, even though it were in my
er, to critic:?.' the actual tindlngs. If
ever a case of conspiracy t.> commit
. followed by the act, was proven,
it was in this insiar.ee. The supremacy
and dignity of the law, however, has
been maintained and manifested, which I
fact in itself is enough. The important
outcome of the trial lit s in the fact that
the awfulness of the situation in Sho- |
shone County has be< led by the
prosecution, and the people can now,:
to some extent at least, appreciate the
great task undertaken by the authori
ties. They are . iso cognizant of the
many accompanying complications, and.
further measures that to the unin- I
formed and unthoughtfui might be con
sidered drastic and arbitrary, a re shown
to be justifiable, necessary and wise.
The policy of the state as inaugurated
at the start has not been deviated from
one iota, and will not be departed from
future. The prosecution of Cor
coran and other- conspirators is only one
detail of the State's policy, and even an
acquittal would have had no effect on
the determination to continue the policy
of making treason odious and restoring |
normal conditions in a section where
<>ur institutions have been disgr
:ind civil process frustrated and de
fied.'
• •oticrespman Edgar Wilson and
ator Shoup heartily indorse the North I
Idaho prosecutions, an 1 aa.y the convic- ;
tion of Corcoran is the beginning of the •
rchy in Idaho. Congressman
Wilson crticizes the sentence <>f Cor
coran, and says seventeen years was
not severe enough.
CLARK'S OPINIONS ON
HAWAIIAN GOVERNMENT
The Senator Says That Congress Al-
most Unanimously Favors the
Territorial Form.
H< >N< >LULU, Julj 21 s- • itor < \ D.
<'!nrk of Wyoming arrived from San
!:. This is his second
i recent nterview on
Hawaiian affairs, the Senator said:
"You ask in about Hawaii's future and
I tell you it is very bright. I am. ns you
know, an enthusiast on Hawaii and her
■vatiim t<> the L T nit< The
people over on the main land regard Ha
waii very much in the same light as a
- her r-hild and with as
much Interest and aloha. There is not a
tgresa thai has anything
In mine, for Hawaii save the most liberal
form of government. l:i th< Senate Com
igh In
this body are men antagonistic to annexa
tion there Is nut a man who does not
want Hawaii to have a territorial form
■ ernment.
■■1 may go still further. You are not
merely assured of a territorial form of
iment, but you will have local priv
h< re that the Territories re
admit ■ • ■ ''" fornidd
"I remember n ad
In two or three Honolulu papers express
ing the fear r, f a colonial form <>f gov
ernment for Hawaii. You may t<-ll the
people of the Islands that their fear la
without foundation. 1 know whereof I
=peak. Not a man in Congress wants to
uch a form of government for Ha
waii and President McKlnley, an enthu
siast on Hawaii, is of the same mind."
BURNING PEAT ON
THE RIVER ISLANDS
Hot Ashes Found to a Depth of
Twenty Feet Beneath the
Surface.
STOCKTON. July 2S.— Portions of Union
Tsland s' • m to be between two fires— the
pun overhead and the burning peat, un
derneath. A party of surveyors doing
pome work for County Surveyor Quail had
a warm experience yesterday while run
ning pome lines. One of the men declares
that his feet would get so warm that he
would have to fairly dance in order to get
them off the surface. Several times the
thin crust broke through and he had to
make a hasty jump for more stable under
pinning. When he examined his shoes he
found the soles blackened and covered
with ashes.
In driving over one of the roads the
horse broke through the surface and made
speed to get out of the hole. It was
found that its hoofs were burned and the
hair singed oft the fore legs.
It is evident that portions of the island
are steadily burning Just under the thin,
crust-like surface. Recently an Investi
gation was made at one point in order to
ascertain how far down the smoldering
peat f-xtended. After penetrating an
eighteen-incn surface twenty feet of hot
ashes and burning peat were found.
There is little doubt that many of the,
recent field fires were due to the lire get
ting through the crust and igniting the
train. The deposit of ashes left by the
flames makes cultivation the next year
unsatisfactory, as it destroys many of the,
crop producing qualities of the 8011.
TORAL AND BAREJA FIND
FRIENDS AT COURT
Will Be Aided at Their Court-Martial
by Strong Letters From
Blanco and Linares.
MADRID, July 28.— The trial of (sen
erals Toral and Bareja and others for the
surrendering of Santiago de Cuba will be
gin on Monday before a supreme court
martial, and it is expected t" occupy six
or Beven sittings of the court. It j-
stated that Genera] Blanco, who w.-ts Gov
ernor General of Cuba during the late
war, has signed :: deposition to the ef
fect thai h< gave General Toral "pennis
t<k>n t" surrender all the district undo;
hi* command with the exception of Man
zanillo. The defense also relies upon a
telegram from General Linares, General
Toral's predecessor, which was sent after
General Linares had been ■wounded, ap
pealing to the nation to say if the troops
at Santiago had not maintained the honor
of the army intact and adding:
•'lf it Is necessary that a sacrifice be
made and that some ohe must assume re
sponsibility for the events foreseen and
foretold in my dispatches, I offer myself.
In loyalty for the good of my country,
no matter what the outcome. I will as
sume the responsibilitj of signing the sur
render."
Bigamist Gwynn Loses.
LOS ANGELES, July 28.— The hearing
of Dr. Walter R. Gwynn's petition for a
writ of habeas- corpus to restrain- the of
ficers of th« State at Maine from taking
him back to answer to a charge of po
lygamy heard by. Jud«e Shaw to
day^ *T.ac tourt rendered an. order. de^
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND
ON WORLD'S AFFAIRS
NEW YORK, July 28.— Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul arrived on
the steamship Britannic to-day,
after six months spent in Italy,
France, Belgium, England and
Ireland.
Archbishop Ireland's trip assumed
almost international significance, owing
to the generally accepted belief that he
carried a message frcrm the Catholics
of America to the Pope regarding the
probable attitude of this Government
toward the Catholic church in Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines. Added
interest is obtained because the Arch
bishop has been regarded as the fore
most representative of 'Americanism,"
which recently called down the denun
ciation of European ecclesiastics, and
later was the subject of a Papal com
munication. During his sojourn abroad
Archbishop Ireland was received every
where with most distinguished consid
eration. The Pope was specially gra
cious, and it is thought Archbishop
Inland's influence tempered the tone
of the Papal Utter regarding "Ameri
canism" in the church. Many Catholics
in the I'nited States expected that the
American prelate would return wearing
a red hat, but this hope has not ma
terialized.
"During my stay abroad." said the
Archbishop, "I met many churrhm.-n
and statesmen, and every where I found
the greatest respect for the United
States and an earnest desire to obtain
and retain our friendship. Especially
was this true in France, Belgium and
England. The French vie with the
sh in expressions of friendship.
This spirit was especially noticeable in
official circles. This sentiment is go
ing to have a practical effect in Franc.-.
The United States lias been particularly
favored by the exposition management.
A member of the French Cabinet, in
referring to the matter of the unv.il
ing of the statue of Lafayette next
July, said th>- Government would en
deavor to make the event a worthy
commemoration of the ancient friend
ship b.-tween Fiance and America.
■I d.. not think a majority of the
English people are so hot about an
American alliance. What they
want is simply a perfect understanding
between the two nations and an assur
er an Indefinite continuance of
our present relations. In Belgium there
is enormous interest in America and
everything American. Since Prince
Albert, the heir apparent, visited the
United Slates he has not ceased to di
late upon the prcuxessiven. ss of our
country and One character of the peo
ple. I dined with King Leopold, and I
gathered from his conversation that he
nying the writ. Sheriff Hammel was In
struct.•<] to serve the warrant of arrest
by the Governor upon a requisi
tion of Governor Powell of Maine for the
surrender of Gwynn and to deliver him
to William H. Medley, agent of the State
of Ma
OLDEST STEAM VESSEL
ON THE PACIFIC COAST
The Goliah Supplies Fuel for a Bon
fire on the West Seattle
Beach.
SEATTLE July 28. -The hull of the old
est steam vessel on the Pacific Coast and
the ! >nd tugboat built in the United
States was made a bonfire «f on the W< st
■ <-h to-night, to the delight of
a large number of excursionists. The ves
sel was the Goliah. built in New York in ;
184S by \V. H. Webb. Her history Is a
peculiarly Interesting one.
She was a sldewheeler with a walking
beam. After her completion sii^ was
ht around the Horn to Sun Fran
cisco where she was lengthened and
I on the run to Sacramento as a pas
senger boat under the name <<f the l'• -
fender Ph.-. was afterward placed on the
ocean routes, running both north and
of San Francisco. While running to
ia under < Captain Haley sh< r<
the passengers of the steamship Yankee
Blade which was wrecked in the spring
of 1854 off Point Concepclon. After being
use( 3 as a towboat in Pan Francisco har
bor the Goliah was laid up on the .Mission
flats until 1864, when she was refitted and
brought to PugetSound and used as a tug. j
She was abandoned for good in J-'.'i.
ARGUMENT ON EXPANSION.
Christian Temperance Women Dis
cuss the Question.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 2S.— An all-day
session was held by the delegates to the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
convention to-day, with only thirty min
utes' recess at th.' noon hour. The open
ing devotional service, at 9:30 a. m., was
led by -Mrs. D. 8. Dickson, after which
important papers were presented. The
methods of scientific temperance Instruc
tion were considered by Mrs. J. Coyle.
Mrs A H- Cove, superintendent of the
prison work department of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Uj^on, spoke at
length aboul her work. A series of ten-
I minute talks on many interesting subjects
f °A°i>leaßant relaxation from the heavy
work of the morning session was a chorus
of 150 children, led by Milton L. Law
rence of San Jose, who sang several songa
1 work as carried on through
the medium of the press was the main
I Bubject of the afternoon session. The fol
i owing delegates spoke: Mrs Southard
Mrs R A Emmons, Mrs. M. < . Lord and
Mrs' Mary N. Cartwright The evening
session opened at 8 o'clock and was nota
ble for two events, an address by Mrs.
Clennam on "The Man Without a Hoe/
and a debate, the question being, Re
solved that international expansion by
force of arms is contrary to the Principles
nf riehteous government, the affirmative
being argued by Miss Sarah M. Severance
and the negative by Dr. A. C. Avery and
Mrs. G. M. Kimball.
MEDAL FUND INCREASED.
Benefit Under the Auspices of Los
Angeles Natives.
T OS ANGELES, July 25.-The benefit
for the rnedaT fund given at the Orpheum
with the details arranged by the Native
Sons netted about $4W. The house before
;, (.clock was completely sold. The in
terior of the building was en feto. Loges
-md boxes were occupied by well-known
sociflty "people. The leading boxes were
occupied by the chamber of Commerce
directors the Hoard of Trade directors,
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' As
sociation directors, the Jonathan Club di
rectors the Elk officials, General Last
and staff, the local war boajed, Governor
Gage and Senator White, with their fam
• Hes" J B 1-ankershlm. aid a number of
other "well-known and prominent citi
zens.
YEABNS FOB, THE SANCTUM.
Senator Shortridge to Re-enter San
Jose Journalism.
SAN JOSE, July 28.— Senator Charles M.
Bhortridge is anxious to get back into the
journalistic harness and has entered into
negotiations for the purchase of the
Evening Herald. It is said a thirty-day
option on that paper has been procured.
tin- price to he $30,000. Shortridge sold
the Mercury about January 1 to a stock
company, and this desire to get hack in
business comes as a surprise. Since his
return from the Legislature he has per
fected himself in law and has already
filed an application for examination. The
Evening Heiald is an old Democratic
paper Shortridge will change it to a
lU-publican paper.
Transport at Honolulu.
HONOLULU, July 21.— The transport
City of Para arrived last night, eight days
from San Francisco, ~ —^__
THE SAU FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 29, 1899,
ARCHBISHOP IRELAND.
cherished the hope to himself visit the
United States before he die§.
"Friends of democracy the world
over are watching the career of the
great republic with intense Interest.
The enemies of democracy may scowl
at us, but their tongues are becoming
silent. The world is watching vis arf it
never did before. Our watchword
should be 'Liberty with authority, and
authority with liberty.'
"While I was in Paris the reciprocity
treaty was being discussed. All France
was interested, and ail hoped that fa
vorable tenms for both nations would
be arrived at.
"France is perfectly tranquil about
the outcome of the Dreyfus case. 1
think the French newspapers greatly
exagperat,- th. popular excitement over
the whole affair. While the discussion
has b.-.-n lively, and at times intensely
bitter, there is no doubt that th.' de
cision of the court for revision will be
accepted as final. I think the q lestion
has been badly agitated by both sides.
Dreyfus' friends began badly by ap
pearing to assault the army, respect
and love for which is deeply grafted
into th.- French nation. It was a mis
take «>n the part "f the Jews to raise
money in Dreyfus' behalf as a race.
There should have been no racial ques
tion involved.
"I do not believe the peace confer
ence has brought about any general
LAVA FROM MAIA
LOA'S CRATER
MM REftCH HiLD
Continued from First Page.
difficulty. The pahoehoe, however, is
frequently crowded with vesi< lea
which are covered by a thin crust too
brittle to support any weight, conse
quently one is sure to break through.
This many of the partj did, as their
hands and parts of their bodies plainly
show. There Is one kind of pahoehoe
which i.s very level and makes' pood
walking, but wears oui shoes with
amazing rapidity, li is therefore Im
perative that any one making the jour
ney should start provided with sandals
or extra shoes.
Two miles beyond the head of this
flow of 1881 is the scene of action; nol
in the old crater of Mokuaweoweo, bui
just below it. Hen 1 you gee a sight
which is beyond description. From a
hole aboul 500 feel in clrcumfen nee
molten lava, in a state of angry agi
tation, is (lowing with the regularity
and persistency of an artesian well,
and out of the center of which foun
tains with an angry roar dart up to a
height <■:" a( leasi 200 feet; and when in
the air the lava assumes the most fan
tastic shapes imaginable as well as a
variety of colors quite indescribable.
As these fountains descend with i
noise like thunder they splash pieces of
flowing lava in all directions, which
dart through the air with a hissing
sound. From the walls of the cone,
which are at least 100 feet high, three
distinct streams of lava are flowing,
two of which, however, are apparently
becoming inactive. The one flow
rushes from the crater at the speed of
a racehorse, and is about fifty feet wide
at its source, but spreads to a width,
<if over a mile, and as it widens the
Bpeed diminishes. This How is now
about ten miles long and has gradu
ally flowed due north and struck the
base of Mauna Kea, where it is slowly
filling up a hollow. Which side of the
ridge the flow will tak>- when the basin
is filled is yet to be seen. Should it
flow toward Hil<> immense damage will
be done. At the present speed, how
ever, it will take some months to reach
the town.
At night the whole flow of ten miles
is visible throughout, like a tongue of
fire and every here and there discharg
ing what look like redhot bullets. From
an adjacent cone — about 100 feet away
— a magnificent view is to be had.
Nearer than this it is impossible to re
main more than a minute or two at a
time, for the heat is so intense. Under
font, through the fissures in the old
lava, you can see the hot lava bub
bling along and making for the mouth
(if the crater at a wonderful speed.
Tlv Bight is so fascinating that you
forget the fatigue of tho journey and
gaze at the ever changing scene tho
whole night through; and it is only the
thought that provisions may run short
and that you are many miles from
water that at daybreak after one last
long look you decide to return.
To reach tin- crater and return is a
four days' journey from the Volcano
House, allowing one night and a part
of two days at the flow, or six days
from Hilo, and it is well worth the
time and expense.
CECIL, MORGAN.
AS WITNESSED
BY C A. GIBSON
Charles A. Gibson, assistant treasurer
for J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.. who re
turned yesterday from the Hawaiian
Islands, was a spectator of the volcanic
eruptions on Mauna Loa. When the flow
commenced he was a guest at the Volcano
House, thirty miles distant from the cra
ter, and subsequently approached close to
the scene of the fiery disturbances. Said
he:
"About 4 o'clock on the morning of July
4 we were waked by the cook of the Vol
cano House. He was probably one of the
first persons to notice the eruption, and
his attention was attracted to it by a pe
culiar ruddy glare which burst into the
kitchen of tin- hotel. The sight I shall
never forget. It was grandly spectacular.
From a point two miles distant from the
old crater on Manna Loa, which had been
cool for marly twenty years. Same was
shooting hundreds of feet Into the air. The
idea of disarmament, but the decision
to establish an arbitration tribunal will
be a victory for the United States. Such
a tribunal would do much to abolish
war. As soon as such a tribunal is
established public sentiment will com
pel the nations to appeal to it before
resorting to war. The situation in
P:urope is so delicate that no country
is willing to disarm. That is too much
to ask. But if an arbitration tribunal
is established disarmament will grad-
ually come about.
"I do not believe there is any danger
of a great European war, as all nations
are anxious for peace.
"While in Rome I saw the Pope fre
quently. The Holy Father was looking
remarkably well. His physical condi
tion, though not robust, seemed on the
whole excellent. I saw him both before
and after the operation performed last
spring. His mind is as vigorous as ever,
and altogether he is a wonderful old
man, who will probably live in the full
possession of his faculties for years to
come. He is- still much interested in
public affairs, and he has a hi^h regard
for the I'nited States.
"There is. much interest in Europe
over our conduct of affairs in the Philip
pines. The general impression is that
the United States should lose no time
in restoring order there; that it is folly
Ito procrastinate and temporize. Most
i men in public life regard our possession
, of the islands favorably. The fact that
; we have been unable to secure the re
lease of Spanish prisoners held by the
Filipinos, has, however, created a very
bad impression. They think that since
we have put Spain out we should find
some way to redeem our pledges. This
is a matter much commented on in
Europe. In Rome the belief prevails
that the interests of the Catholic
Church will be better protected under
American than native rule.
"I notice a decided improvement in
the conditions in Ireland," said the
Archbishop. "The plan of elective
county councils is giving general satis
faction and is a decided step toward
home rule. But," he concluded, "this is
the country for me. There is no other
like it, and I'm glad to be home again."
When the Archbishop met a Call re
porter on the steamship his first re
mark was about the death of Colonel
Ingersoll."
"I see you've buried Ingersoll," he
Baid.
"No, they've cremated him," was the
reply.
"Well, well," reflectively, and a deft
turn carried the talk into another chan
nel.
Archbishop Ireland spent a quiet day
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, where he re
ceived a few callers. He expects to go
to St. Paul in a day or two. It may be
that he will visit Washington on the
■w ay.
ing country, and as the eruption was in
Its Incipient stands the first stream of lava
resembh <i a fiery snake slowly creeping
down the mountain side. The fury of the
firsi volcanic eruption was greater than
i!, se following. Bowlders of incredible
slona were hurled into the air, and
the lava spouted as if from a fountain.
Aftfp a time the (iens.' veil Of smoke
which overhung the lofty furnace added
to Its terrible scenic effect.
"One >>f the original eruptions ceased.
after pouring forth its str.-am of molten
lava for on.- day and a half. The lava !
• 1 up and cooled, forming an immense
(on.-, which seemed to attain a height of
al«. rut 150 fe.-t on the principal crater.
whose mouth may lie 500 feet in breadth.
On the »;tli of July 1 climbed the mountain
slope. From my position 1 could see the
lava slowly streaming in th** direction of
tin- table-lands between Mauna Loa and
Mauna Ken. which form an immense tm
sm.. The original fury bad partially sub
sided, hut a greater volume of matter was
pouring from the mountain, more craters
forming every hour, until the mountain
.-• em< 'l to !..• a seething mass.
"There is no imminent danger. Evc-ry- i
thing depends upon the overflow of the
basin when it becomes tilled. Should it I
break on the eastern side the flow will be
in tin 1 direction of Hilo. but it may never I
reach the town. On the western slope cat
tle ranges are In danger. Before T depart
ed from Honolulu rumors reached the 1
town which caused men to make an imme- i
diate departure to bring the herds to a ;
place of Bafety. Compared with the erup- I
tlons of 1559 and 1881., I have it from old
residents thai the present disturbance la
greater. When we were out to sea I no
t !<■•■.! that the action had increased and
the flre was bursting forth from what ap
peared to be a long ridge on the side of
the mountain. While at the Volcano
House I counted at least eight seething
craters."
CHANGES IN THE
PERSONNEL OF THE NAVY
Many Officers Now Serving in the
Philippines Have Been Trans
ferred.
WASHINGTON. July 2S.— The Navy
Department has been notified by cable
of a number of changes in the person
nel of the naval force in the Philip
pines. In the marine corps Captain D.
Williams has been detached from the
Baltimore and placed on the Oregon.
Captain M. J. Shaw has been transfer
red from the Oregon to th<> Charleston,
and Captain J. L. Myers has been
transferred from the Charleston to the
Baltimore.
Commander G. Blockinger has been
detached from the Charleston and or
dered home. Lieutenant W. S. Cross
ley has be«>n attached to the Baltimore
and lias reported for duty. Lieutenant
T. F. Veeder has been detached from
the Baltimore and placed on inspection
duty at Hongkong. Captain G. W.
I'iggnian has reported to command the
Charleston.
Ensign K. Z. Johnatrrn has been
transferred from the Baltimore to the
Oregon; Lieutenant A. Hartrath from
the Princeton to the Culgoa; Lieuten
ant Stickney from 'the Culgoa to the
Princeton; Lieutenant U. L. Holmes
from the Baltimore to the Monocacy;
Lieutenant C. Thomas from the Ore
gon to the Monadnoek; Lieutenant C.
H. Matthews from the Charleston to
Yokohama Hospital; Lieutenant Com
mander H. Merrill from the Castine
and home.
Passed Assistant Paymaster J. H.
Morrison reported on the Bennington;
Lieutenant W. P. Elliott from the
Monocacy to the Cavite naval station;
Commander C. C. Cornwell from the
Petrel to the Baltimore, on the ad
miral's staff; Lieutenant Commander
J. A. Shearman from the Glacier to the
f'astine; Passed Assistant Surgeon L.
L. yon WYdeklnd frr.-m the Cavite Hos
pital to Mare Island; Cadet E. C. Mor
gan from the Charleston to the Ben
nington.
Concert at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. July 25.-Mrs. Princes 3
Long, the sweet Kentucky singer, gave a
concert at Gariield Park this evening.
She? has been leading the. singing 'luring
the convention and won the hearts of all,
but to-night she was heard in old South
ern melodies and in sacred and classic U
music and the more popular ballads. The
convention this morning opened with a
prayer meeting, led by Rev. A. R. Hath
away of Oakland. The sermon was by
Rev. J. Waggoner of Hanford. Tho
greater part or the morning was spent in
listening to the reports of commit t <••-■.
Memorial services for those who bad de
parted this life during the past year were
In Id. The pastors gave short eulogies in
memory of those who had gone before.
Attorney Gets Into Trouble.
SAN JOSE. July 2S.— C. Pratt, an at
torney of San Francisco, has been ar
rested here for having used improper lan
guage on the street and in the presence
of ladles. He is charged also with hav
ing imbibed too freely of Garden City
liquor. When taken before Justice Hirscli,
Pratt put up $100. cash bail for his ap
pearance. He pleaded not guilty ami will
-fee islss> PB Avgyet 12 ;
ESTERHAZY WILL
NOT BE A WITNESS
Refuses to Be PreseQt at the
SecoQd Trial of His Victim,
Captain Dreyfus.
PARIS July 28 —There is one point upon which both Dreyfusites
and anti-Dreyfusltes are in perfect accord. That is the importance of
Esterhazy's appearance as a witness at the new trial in Rennes. The
disgust is therefore general at the news that he refuses to attend, not
withstanding the safe conduct given him by the Government, which
guarantees him against arrest until after the trial is concluded.
The Matin gives a declaration made by Esterhazy to a correspondent
to the effect that it is not for him to speak, but for the generals for
whom he has openly accused to justify their acts. He is curious to see
whether they will do this at Rennes. But at any rate he is not going to
be present at the trial of his victim,- Captain Dreyfus.
LAW AND ORDER
IN CLEVELAND
Streetcars Are Being
Well Patronized.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 28.—
A car returning from Euclid
Beach Park was blown up by
dynamite about 11 o'clock to
night. The explosion took place
a short distance north of the
Lake Shore Railroad, two miles
east of the city limits. There
■were no passengers on board,
and the motorman and conductor
escaped without injury.
CLEVELAND, July 28.— Slowly and
surely law and order are triumphing
over lawlessness and disorder and the
city is beginning to resume its old ap
pearance. To-day the street cars were
well patronized, especially during the
busy hours of the morning and even
ing. This is said to be the best indi
cation that the city government is win
ning in the struggle.
Mayor Farley is well pleased with the
situation, but he has not relaxed his
vigilance one whit and will not until
the last vestige of disorder is wiped
away. The Mayor and Adjutant Gen
eral Axline are at present involved in
a controversy over what the troops
shall do and what they shall not do.
The adjutant general is of the opinion
that the duty of the National Guard is
merely to put down rioting and not t<>
do police duty. Whatever the duty of
the National Guard may be. Mayor
Farley holds that the troops are here
under his authority and they will re
main here until he feels that they can
be dispensed with. The responsibility
of preserving the order of the city rests
upon the shoulders of the Mayor, he
says and he proposes to see that his
plans are not interfered with by any
one. He declares that he is to be the
judge as to when the troops are not
wanted.
There have been several outbreaks
between Mayor Farley and Adiutant
General Axline within the last few
days over this question. To-day the
Mayor refused to discuss the dilneulty.
saying that this was no time, to stir
up any discord.
"I will merely reiterate my statement
of last night." said the Mny.tr; "this is
a time for every man to mind his own
business." 1
The Mayor takes but little interest in
the talk of boycotting merchants. He
believes that just as soon as quiet is
restored and the fever is gone, all such
talk will cease. A boycott, he feels, is
against natural laws; that a man will
not pay 6 cents for an article that can
be purchased for five and a man will
not walk a mile to make a purchase
when he can get what he wants at a
quarter of a mUe.
It is said at the City Hall that there
are quite a number of recent employes
of the street railway company who
would go hack to work if permitted,
but that they are hindered by threats
from some of the more radical em
ployes and the leaders of the strike.
TIE-UP CAUSED BY
BRICKMAKERS' STRIKE
Ten Thousand Bricklayers and Car
penters Thrown Out of Em
ployment.
CHICAGO, July 2S.— Ten thousand men
wore thrown oul of employment and work
stopped on 200 buildings in the course of
erection in Chicago during the second day
of the strike of the union brlckmakers of
Cook County. The tie-ups came first on
the smaller jobs, where the contractors
had not taken the precaution to increase
their supply of bricks in anticipation of
the strike The bricklayers and hod car
riers were forced to quit for wnt of ma
terial and following them the carpenters
were compelled to lay down their tools
\n effort will be made for an amicable
adjustment of the controversy between
the strikers and the North Side manufac
turers at a conference which has been
cilled by the Chicago Masons' and Build
ers' Association for 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning. All the Interests directly in
volved will be represented. Unless one
side or the other recedes from the position
heW thus far little will be accomplished
it the conference. The strikers st. as
sert that they will stand firm until all the
North Side manufacturers sign the union
UEreement, and the manufacturers say
that they will stick it out If their yards
are closed all season.
DROWNED IN THE SACRAMENTO.
Frank P. Sweeney of Redding the
Victim of an Accident.
REDDING. July 28.— Frank P. Sweeney,
manager of tho city circulation depart
ment of the Morning Searchlight, was
drowned in the Sacramento River this
afternoon at a point not far below the
old Hughes Ferry. In company with
Percy Blake and J. W. Munfcy ha set
out In a skiff to reach a dredger stranded
in the stream. The skiff capsized throw
ing the occupants out. Murphy and Blake
swam ashore. Sweeney was unable to
swim and was drowned. Hia body h-<b
not vet been recovered. Sweeney was
well 'known in Alameda and San Fran
cisco.
Child Crushed to Death.
LOS ANGELES, July 28.— The- four
year-old son of 10. N. Banks, a sawyer
in a planing mill, was instantly killed
this morning by being crushed under the
wheels of an express wagon laden with
sand. The boy had been allowed to go
to his grandparents' house on .Los An
geles street to play. In some way he
crawled between the wheels of the wagon
■me! when the grandfather started the
borsea the wheel passed over the child,
killing him instantly.
Honolulu Weddings.
HONOLULU. July 21.— fhe wedding of
Carl Wldemann, son of the late Judge
Widemann. to Miss Helen Parker, daugh
ter of Colonel the Hon. Sam Parker, took
place yesterday, and to-day" Miss Hart
well, daughter of General A. S. Hartwell,
marries A. F. Judd Jr., son of the Chief
I^Tustic^ „,
LARGE EXHIBITS
FOR STATE FAIR
Expensive Displays to
Be Made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, July 2S.— The directors
of the State Agricultural Society are de
termined that there shall be no common
place exhibits at the approaching State
fair. That the exhibits will be more elab
orate and artistic than in former years
is assured. One big mercantile firm in
Sacramento will erect a special structure
for its display that will cost no less than
$700. An Eastern firm will enter the pa
vilion with a display that will cost $1000.
The decorations In the bix exposition
building will be appropriate and tasteful,
and it is intended that the exhibition shall
be in complete readiness on the Sunday
evening before the opening of the fair.
Musical novelties are promised for each
evening 1 by an immense band of accom
plished musicians.
Secretary Peter J. Shields declared to
day that enough applications for space
had already been filed to nil the hall.
Citizens generally commend the season
ticket plan adopted by the directors, and
there is no doubt the attendance from
the outset will be greater than the ex
position has ever witnessed. The mer
chants of Sacramento are holding meet
ings almost nightly for the purpose of
co-operating with the directors in arrang
ing special features for the entertain
ment of the thousands who will attend
the pavilion nightly.
As for the races, it is conceded that
they will offer some of the finest sport
ever witnessed in the West, the purses
being large and the entries in each class
numerous.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
List of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, July 2S.— The special
postal service between Garvatia and San
Gabriel, Los Angeles County, will be dis
continued after August 31. Edward T.
Paulson was to-day appointed Postmaster
at Usal, Mendocino County, vice Harry D.
orris, resigned.
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War. First Lieutenant Douglas F. Duval,
assistant surgeon, is relieved from further
duty at West Point and will proceed to
Ban Francisco and report to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for duty.
Telegraphic instructions directing: dis
charge from the service of the United
States of Privates Neil Manney, Battery |
<;. Charles H. Brasher, Battery H. and
Ollie Miller. Battery L, Third United
States Artillery, Presidio, are hereby con- \
firmed. Acting Hospital Steward Fred
erick S. Simmons, Hospital Corps, will
relieve Acting Hospital Steward B. L.
Greenmayer. Steward Greenmayer when
thus relieved will be sent to San Fran
cisco, and- will report upon his arrival to
the commanding general of the Depart
ment of California for duty in the general
hospital. Private Bennie Hawk, Battery
O, Third United States Artillery. Presidio,
San Francisco, is transferred as first class
private to the Signal Corps. He will re
port to the signal officer of the Depart
ment of California with a view to his
early assignment to duty in the Philip
pines. Acting Assistant Surgeon John R.
Clark is relieved from further duty at |
Fort Wadsworth, New York, and will pro
ceed to San Francisco.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Roswell K. Sar- j
gent, San Luis Obispo. $6; Lee Moy. Va
llejo, $14: Man Fat, Vallejo. $50; Henry
Keilner Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $6.
Additional— William B. Lytton, National
Military Home, Los Angeles, $S to $12. In
crease—Stephen K. Gipson. Pasadena, $S
to $10. Original widows— Susan L. P. D.
Thompson, Fruitvale, $8; Mary F. Clinton,
Pasadena, $8; Alnora M. Chittenden, San
Diego, $S. Reissue — Harriet E. Smith, Los \
Angeles. $12. Mexican war widow— Laura
C. Sanchez. San Francisco. $8. Mexican
war survivor, increase — Robert Parke,
Golden Gate. $S to $12.
Oregon: Original— Daniel E. Jones. Cen
tral Point. $6. Reissue and increase —
man Btirnside, Sellwood. $6 to $12. Mexi
can war widow— Susan Dunlap, Riverton,
$8.
Washington: Original— William H. Tem
pleman. North Yaklma, $6. Increase — John
Gay, Spokane, $14 to $17. Reissue—Wil
liam H. Brunk. Issaquah, $10; William K.
Holmes, Spokane. $10.
; ANNIVERSARY OF THE FLAG.
Preparations in Hawaii to Make the
Day a Memorable One.
HONOLULU. July 21.— August 12, the
first anniversary of the day on which the
American flag was raised over this coun
try, will be observed as a holiday
throughout Hawaii. This was deoidrd
upon at a recent Cabinet meeting. There
will be a grand reception and ball in the
Executive building.
The Government expects that citizens
will unite to have a day programme of
sports and other events. President Dole
said it was desired to make the day a
memorable one. and he hoped that com
ing so soon after July 4 would not have
the effect of making the celebration less
brilliant than it should be.
DROWNED IN THE OHIO.
Three Lives Lost and Three Others
Narrowly Escape Death.
EVANSVILLE, Ind.. July 2S.— August
Mattingly, aged 17; Pearl Cheaney and
Marlon Onana were drowned in the Ohio
River in front of the city to-night and
three of their companions narrowly es
caped.
Searching parties are along the river
bank to-night with torches trying to iind
the V>odies of the lost.
Miss Marion Onana was one of the lead
ing society belles of Henderson, Ky., and
would have been married in a month.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mlsslun. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
44 The Prudent Man Setteth
His House in Order/
Your human tenement should be given
even more careful attention than the
house you live in. Set it in order by
thoroughly renovating your tvhole system
through blood made pure by taking
Hood's SarsaparUla. Then every organ
tudl act promptly and regularly.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nasal Catarrh,
Asthma, Bronchitis
And Consumption.
SPEEDY RELIEF and RADICAL CURE
Speedy and radical cure of NASAL CA-
TARRH, THROAT DISEASES. BRONCHITIS
AND AFFKCTIOXS OF THE LUNGS. a*id al!
complaints that lead to CONSUMPTION.
By Dr. Aborn,
554 Sntter Street.
A Severe Case of Bronchial and
Lung Affection with Hemor-
rhage Cured In Two Months.
Remains PERMANENTLY WELL after a
lapse of 23 years.
A letter from MR. THOMAS HATTON. a.
well-known and prominent Rt-ntleman who I»
well known to — S f. GEO. FREEMAN GRAT-|L
223 MONTGOMERY ST.. B. F. ~
Thomas Hatton. Heal Estate Loans and ' ive»t-
ment Agency. 310 Fifth st.
DES MOINES, la.. May 29. 1399.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
The undersigned, a resident of the city or
Dcs Moines for the past thirty-seven year?, de-
sires to bear testimony to the skill of Dr.
Aborn In the treatment of pulmonary ann kin-
dred complaints. About the year 1576 I was
very seriously afflicted with . brononlal ana
lung troubles: in fact, had two or three r its
severe hemorrhages, and my left lung was prac-
tically useless. Dr. Aborn treated me consti-
tutionally and by local inhalation applications,
and within two ninths' time 1- was practically
cured. I continued the treatment for some time
longer and have never Buffered a day since from
any trouble of the kind. And my lunps and
bronchia! tubes have been sound. I believe, -as
any one's could be, and are at the present
time, after a lapse, of twenty-three years. I
have known the doctor and of his successful
practice for the past thirty years. _
During the doctor's practice at that time I
personally knew of a number of people whom
he treated with pronounced success. From my
own personal experience and observation of his
treatment of others. I believe the doctor to be
capable of doing a frreat good to persons af-
fluted with such troubles, j»£*£gg%
DR. ABORN'S TREATMENT
Gives instantaneous relief, builds up
and revitalizes the whole constitu-
tion, fortifies the system against
colds and catarrhal affections and
averts the tendency or predisposition
to consumption, and thereby prolongs
life. . _ • ->
OVER THIRTY YEARS DEVOTED TO THE
TREATMENT OF DISEASES OF THE HEAD.
THROAT AND LUNGS.
Dr. Aborn's Office and Residence,
554 SUTTER STREET,
Bet. Powell and Mason, San Francisco, Cal.
FREE CONSULTATION.
OFFICE HOURS— 9:3O to 12 and 2 to 4.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE. V >
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
Just been added.
" ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
! Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes .of the Amusement and Shopping .
Centers. ■ . ■■■■.■ *
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans,
i tvrlte for our book, "The Empire Illu«tr»te<V*
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
000000000000000000
•w PALACE '■'"'t
%GRAND "21MkM.°
|f SAN FRANCISCO. q
" Connected by a cover.cd passageway. **
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. *»
O All Under One Management. O
0 NOTE THE PKICEP: O
I O European Plan.ftl.OO per day and upward O
f^ American Plan. s3.OO per day and upward _
v Correspondence Solicited. | V*
! 0 JOHN 0. KIBKPATBICK. HUnagir. O
000000000000000000
MAKE PERFECT MEN
DO NOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf-
iflßHSSSk. fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
/Sy*^**s3L life can be restored to you. The very
tSSf tcXI wor*tCMfB«f\erTouiil)fbHlty»r«
Q1»O NOT DESPAIR ! Da not Su-
ffer Longer! The Jove and ambitions of
lire can be restored to ynu. The very
worst cases of .Vrrroui Debility aro
absolutely cured by PEHPEfTO
AC jIffI, TABLETS. Oire prompt relief to in-
■Jgt Bomnia. failing memory and the watts
tWiVNpj^^Jr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
mt vayrlMp indiscretions or excesses of earLy years.
t^NjEgfj^^ Impart rigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give ><ra^ bloom to tn*
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of Lrft\ young or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy. PllJ6 boxes at
■3. SO a complete icuarante ed cure YXtltf or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest ■■•• pocket. Sold
everywhere or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vrtce by THE PKRFEnTO CO., Canton Bids.. ChlofO, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two ■torea). Grant Drujr Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
SB BA H IJS B^^raß - K23 Bh I flsßSßfl
1 visit OR JORDAN'S great 0
iHUSEUn OF ANATOMY^
i (^ iOslluaKTST.l)et.6±«7tt,S.P.Cil. , i
T 9f The Ljrgest Anatomical Museum in the T '
W 4E^^&9^ (iise.i'f p«-»iU»«-ly cured ny the oldest '
0 lg| 1 Speciaii«.tfutheCo«t. Est. 36 years- #
4 Aft* § OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ f (SEsyf&il Consultation free and strictly private. \
5 1 Jt#Ql II *^ r * " meiu personally or by letter. A 3
Aril lift r°*-t"* Cure in every case undertaken. '\
AWI! ll in w rite for Book, PHILOSOPHY *f J
WI II 1^" n*UHI%(.K, MAILED FKtli, (AT
\ (J IJ, valuable book for men) \
f OK. JORDA.V A Vl>., 1051 Market St.,S. F. f
g 3^ On!che»t«r*B Xn C U»h Diamond BraaA.
POkteaeHcr'e £ncU*h Diamond
EHNYROYAL PILLS
Jr/~4£Th* Original and Only Genuine. A.
X^fl J^S«. firaggirt lbr'ait»Ml«ri Englit* D^-jfint*
£*ijg*(3fS&tnoiid Brand to Red »nd G-tll tß*tallio\
T~k — » Twi«boi»ii. toiled with blue riblwa. Take \y
T?l 9^ vvjno Other. Rr/uiedangrrot.i mbit-.tu- V
I / ~ fWHontand imitate m. At Druggists, or send 4«.
IW . JM lv stamps for p vrticQlara, tratimodalt and
VV* ' J9 " Kellof Tor Ladle*." in Utter, br return
; m\ If M»ll. 1 0.OOU Trstineniali. It mat faprr.
—»*rChl.>l!icBtprthetitcalCo.,Mi».ll»«n Square.
| feU by all Loral i>rugsiiu- P111L.%. l»A« l'&
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I Is a Great Restorative. lnvlgorator and. .Ner-
i vine. .
; The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
i Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
! The Mexican Remedy for. Diseases of the Kld-
neys and Bladder. Sells on 111 nwn Merita
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agenta.
123 Market bU«-et. S. i\— (Seud for Circular. I
ilitttr Cl Sl.OO YearCONVICTS SENT
TO THE DUNGEON
Smugglers of Opium De
tected.
SCORE OF MEN IMPLICATED
SAN QTTENTTX HT3<IATZS ARE
PUNISHED.
George Barney, Whose Carelessness
Gave the Cle-w, Is Deprived
of Tmto Tears'
Credits.
■■. -- ■ ~r« Can.
SAN QT'ENTIN PRISON. July 23.—
The "cpium ring" has been indus
triously at work of late laying in sup
plies for the next year. Through a
mere accident a discovery was made
yesterday implicating twenty-one men
in the smuggling and sale of the drug,
and to-day the dungeon was so crowd
ed that six convicts had to be placed in
the solitary ceil.
George Barney, a prisoner driving
the commissary wagon, dropped a let
ter yesterday giving a clev.- to the
smuggling methods and ■was the first
to go into the dungeon. He had only a
few months more to serve of a seven
years' sentence for grand larceny from
San Francisco and will lose two years'
credits. The only ether convict* under
going- punishment whose name is
known is Frank Marshall, serving a
long term for burglary committed at
i-es -Angeles.
Almost all the smugglers were ar
rested in the jute mill, and the opium
discovered on their persons and in
their cells aggregates a large quantity.
Rumors are flying thick and fast to
r.ighi. of an attempted escape, in which
about ten of the men in the dun
geon are said to have been concerned.
Agnirre adrr.its that a lucky discovery
has led him to believe he will detect the
ringleaders in the opium ring, but de
nfes that any attempt has been made to
escape.
The real reason why so much opium
has lately got inside "the '.vails is that
no euard* feeis sure of staying longer
than August 1. To make places for his
friends Acuirre has discharged Guards
Duffy ar.<: Jessup. A L-:-s Angeles man
was appointed to fill one vacancy to
day. Guard J.^hn Jones' salary was
raised to SIOO t.:-day, which is taken to
rr.--ar> that another man will soon re
ceive the position.
It was discovered to-day that in or
der to help pay Don Jose Aguirre's sal
ary as crV^ra'l 520 has been
clipped off the salary of Chaplain
Drahm.
WELCOME HOME FOR
ALGER IN DETROIT
Governor Pin^rse Requests All Citi
zens to Take Part in the
Public P.ec=ption.
DETROIT. July : Pir.gree
this afternoon issued a proclamation "to
the people of the State of Michigan." in
which he says: "On Wednesday. August
2, :hc Hon. Russeil A. AJeer will n turn
to hia home in Detroit from Washington.
T'p«3ri request of the citizens and Mayor
and Common Council cf Detroit. I extend
you an earnest invitation to join in giving
him a hearty reception and greeting. It is
f.t;:r.E that "th^ State recognize the worth
-sr:«1 viuae ta the nation ?*f th* services ot
General Ale^r as Secretary of War.
"You are cordially invited to attend the
reception at the City Hall and the meet
ire in the Li^ht Guard Armory. Detroit.
at which time the people of Michigan will
be given an opportunity to express their
appreciation ot General Alger and to ex
tend their welcome to Michigan's late rep
resentative in the highest council of the
nation H. S. PIXGREE. Governor."
A ■'. :he Michigan railroads have decided
to make a half-fare rate to Detroit V
the Alger re-ceptior..
COXEHAUGH. AT HONOLULU.
She Experienced .tine Weather All
the Way Botsn.
HONOLULU. July 21.— The United
States transport Conemaugh arrived in
port this morninz at 5 o'clock. She wa?
eight days ar.d ore hour in making the
:r:r -r?:r. Sir. r"r ar.ci>co. and experienced
fine weather all the way down. The
horses aboard the transport will be taken
to :he ■ Government paddocks, where they
w'.l> have a rest of five or six days, after
which the vessel resumes her passage to
Manila.
MARCTS DALY IMPROVING.
Almost Fully, Recovered From His
Heart Failure.
S .- -■ -
Mont., s
■
f ■
- - -
■
-■■ ■ ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Sag under which all women •
should march is the banner of good^J^J
health. A woman owes it -^"iTT^SI
to herself her husband MA \V
and children to enlist 3*'t>nVni-- *
under this flag. If she <^\y^2fcT '
does not do so she will 'Ajs f^f ■
live a life of wretchedness »f< 9\
herself, and unless her <^$(iW?S£i
husband is an exception- Cgg?- I*^1 *^ ©£
aliy good nu. he will be- JsSxwi'J'gl
com- indifferent to her, ATIfW/^
her bone will be nnhappr M (\\ IIR / j
and her children will be » // 1 k\ .-
pnny and sickly. . ' ( V, I
111-health in a wotnaurr Xf \r\
way may almost invan- ' / /v] f
ab\y be traced to weak- /i j \I 5
cess and disease of the./ i j \\ I
femine organs that are the *^J^| I W
vestibule of human life. N ( jri^
No woman can enjoy good, V^_^^i^
" general health who is dragged V l^^*"
down by continual pain and v^^
local weakness. Troubles of this descrip-
tion utterly nn£t her for wifehood and
motherhood. Dr. Pierce « Favorite Pre-
scription gives health, strength, elasticity
and rigor to the special organs concerned.
It makes a woman strong and healthy in a
womanly way. It gives the nerves a rest
from pain and an opportunity to build up.
It makes motherhood safe and compara-
tively ea?y. It transforms weak, sickly,
despondent women into happy, healthy
wives and mothers.
•a». Caswell. Bag.. at Oche'tree. Johnson Co..
Kaas «P O. Box 6i>, writes: "My wife wai
troubled with prolapsus, or * female weakness.'
for several years. She was not able to do her
work, she had **och bearing down pains and pain
in her back. Her period* were irregular, vary-
ing ail the wav ■'- - two to six weeks. At those
tines she would have fainting spells so bad that
I thought she could - I live. She was attended
by the best doctors in the country. They did
her bo good and she grew worse all the tiitfe. I
thought I would try your medicine*. By the
time »he had taken fear bottles of the ' Favorite
Prescription ' and two of the ' Golden Medical
Discovery ' and two of the " Pleasant Pellets ' she
was conjp> tel v cured."
Every day. a dose. One* yon start, you
can nerer stop them. That is the way with
some so-c»]»ed remedies for constipation.
It is different with Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets. They are a positive, complete and
permanent cure for constipation and they
don't become a habit. One " Pellet "is a
eentle laxative and two a mild cathartic.
Druggists sell them. Nothing else is
"just as good.'
It is a druggist's business to giv« you,
aot to tell you, what yon want.
CHAMBERS PRAISES
THE COMMISSION
CHIEF JUSTICE CHAMBERS.
JUDGE ■-■■ L. CHAMBERS, Chief Jus
tice of Samoa, is at the Occidental
with his wife and family. He ar
rived on the ->teamer Moana on his
way to Washington. He is not quite
certain "as to the duration of his stay in
this city, but in all probability he will not
leave for the East before Tuesday next.
The Judre. who is a gentleman well ad
vanced ir. years, with a handsome, intel
iiger.t countenance and a fine, erect car
riage, willingly granted the following^ in
terview to the representative of The Call.
To this paper he said he was always will
ing to talk with as little reservation as
possible for a man in his official position.
as it enjoyed a reputation for correctness
and fair dealing.
When asked for a general resume of the
situation in the islands the Judge said:
■
to the pr
■ ■
"Their first public action after organiz- ;
Ing -was to iss a proclamation requiring |
the native.* to disarm. The rrbels did s_> j
first. Immediately afterward the govern- \
men: party surrendered its arms also. Al
together there were given up over 4*JO ;
rifles, which is supposed to be. within a :
few hundred, all the arms in the island. ;
All previous tempts at disarmament had
proven failures, and the success of the
Commissioners was due chiefly to their
unanimity of action. [, fact, the success
ful results of all their work may be at
tributed to the same cause. All the arms
were taken to the Badgtr. The Com- ;
missioners are all men of ability and large
experience. . . !
rSinee these -■-.■■- surrendered
ther» have eec small village lights, but \
there will be r.o more regular division or
the entire people in organized war.
"The Commissioners Investigated thor- .
oughly the kingship trial, and issued a
proclamation sustaining my decision and
pronouncing it both valid and binding.
immediately thereafter King Malietoa i
SITUATION IN SAMOA
UNSATISFACTORY
FrequentClashesOccur Between
Followers of Rival Chiefs.
APIA. Samoa. July 14.— The Bamoan ,
situation to-day, as far as the re*- j
idents of these islands are con- j
cerned. is one of great uneasiness.
The attitude and behavior of the. ;
natives is indeed fax from "---- |
rvady several ftzhts have occurred at dif- \
ferent portions of the group between sup- )
porters of the rival* for the kingship, and \
several natives have been killed. Many i
blame the High Commissioner! for the j
present unsettled state of affairs. These j
gentlemen, with eood Intentions, no !
doubt, seem to have set out with the idea !
of pleasing or trying to please all, and in !
the er.d if not already have dissatisfied
aIL
It was admitted by every one when the i
arms of the natives were surrendered to
the number of over 4-»; rifUs a: the mere
command of the Commissioners that a. I
great work bad been accomplished in a
manner satisfactory and efficient. But >
since then nothing seems to ' ■'■:'■ j
pressed here. The Chief Justice, failing |
to get the support from the Commission- j
ers necessary to maintain the honor and j
dignity of his court, which is openly [
flouted in the most disgraceful manner
and its commands ar.d decrees laughed !
at, is leaving here to-day, although he j
has offered to the Commissioners, who j
have requested him to continue in orSce. ;
until matters have been settied by the |
three powers, to stay six months if need- j
ful if the Commissioners would grant ■aim ;
the assurance that the court would be j
respected and its orders enforced. The
Commissioners had to admit to the Chief
Justice that they could not as a commis
sion grant the requested assurance, and
the necessary consequence is his Honor's j
departure. His enemies and opponents i
assert that he has been recalled, but this
Is not the fact, and President McKinl^y \
has written him that tfcre United States j
Government upholds his actions and has i
no wish or desire that he should retire
from office — quite the contrary.
The action of the Commissioners In re- [
fusing the aid iked is in consequence j
of dispatches received by the German [
Commissioner from his home Government, j
which la greatly put out over Commis
sioner Sterr.burg recognizing the decision i
of the Supreme Court in the kingship i
question as "binding and valid." Th*: |
German Government Insisted on ur.ar.im- !
ity in the commission. and. although Great j
Britain objected, she yielded the point
The •■ ry first important step the com- !
mission takes Is unanimous in upholding \
the court decision, and Immediately the i
whole German population here and the f
German press at horn* 1 express their deep !
disappointment, and still wl=h to try to [
go behind that decision. This unanimity
will have the effect of reducing the Com- j
missloners to a mere body of reporters. |
There will be a unanimous report on the
lines "ready published, but at the same
time the Commissioners will each submit I
a separate report to their respective Gov- i
ernments. and It will be found that their j
unanimous report is only" a modification i
of the Berlin treaty, which is recommend
ed by them in case of no other solution
of the Sam difficulty. During- the last
month the Commissioners have visited the
different island? in the group. At Tutuiia \
(solely Maiietoa) all was agreed to that |
the Commissioners had done or suggested. j
The natives were quite prepared to accept
the Abolition of the kingship and have a
government under an official appointed by
the three powers. Savaii was next visited.
Lanati's behavior to the Commissioners j
was Impudent in manner, and indicates '
trouble in the Immediate future.
At Saiune, the only- pjace waer^ the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, JULY 29. 1899.
Tanu voluntarily resigned his pretensions
to the throne. There was no coercion, nor |
In fact, any condition connected with his
abdication. It is understood hat the Com- :
missioners will recommend the abolition
of the kingly office altogether. I have ad
vocated this myself ever since I have been ;
in the islands, and I think if it were done
the greatest cause of trouble would oe re
moved.
*"I must be excused from making 1 any >
statements In respect to the form of gov
eminent that the Commissioners will rec
ommend, or. in fact, as to anything that •
may be recommended by them, as my
; relation to the commission is .strict a
; confidential one. I may say in a general
; way, however, that they are making the
best of the experiences of the past and ;
j are constructing a. form of government i ,
: based; as far as the conditions will war- - \
; rar.t. upon the best features of the old ■ '-
treaty. And if any triparite arrangement : '
j can be made to work, the government to j :
! be proposed by the Commissioners will f •
■ accomplish that end. j <
"Regarding the tun peace of the I :
I islands, no one can speak with any de- •
: gree of certainty, conditions being so dif-
f erent from former times. j i
"As far as the conduct of Rose, the j 1
■ German Consul; is concerned. I must ask j i
'to be excused from answering. I cannot :• j
i do so now with propriety.
"The death of I-ansdale and Monahan : J
: was a very sad affair. I have some ver - ; j
strong convictions ? on the subject o-f the •
killing and beheading of these two brave :
officer*-. I cannot give utterance to them ; ,
now. however, as they are to be made the ; ,
subject of a spv-cial report I intend to
submit to the proper authorities. I J
'The Commissioners themselves will be ■ .
here in about ten days. They were to | '
leave Samoa about three days after us • '
They will travel at a slower rate and ■ J
spend about five days at Honolulu. This j
should land them here in something un- , '
der two weeks. They are traveling on ! j
the Badger, and are: Judge Ban ■
Tr'.pp of Dakota, for the United States: j :
Baron Spec yon Sternburg of the Ger- : :
man embassy, for Germany, and C. M. E. j •
Elliot cf the British embassy at Washing- j '
tor., for England. I j
HONOLULU, July 21.—
United States collier Brutus ar
rived from Samoa on the 17th
and is booked to sail on Surtday
next for Guam. Lieutenant Saf
ford has I •■_-:. presented with his
commission as Deputy Governor
of Guam. He reports all quiet
at Samoa. E. "W. Gurr, an Eng
lishman, Is before Chief Justice
Chambers on the charge of hav
ing trampled on a German flag
captured from the rebel forces.
Gurr's version is that he wished
to take the Rag to prevent a dis
turbance, but in the scuffle it fell
to the ground and was acci
dentally trodden upon. The in
cident is causing some excite
ment for fear of consequences.
Malietoana spoke at the meeting' or at
tempted in any way to take a prominent
part thereat, there ensued a tight with
axes. knives and stones right in the pres
ence of the Commissioners. The Mataafa
people, when approaching the Commission
ers with a "taalolo." or food offering,
found the Maiietoa people coming in the'
opposite direction with the same obiect
This enraged some Mataafans. and they
immediately rushed at the opposite party,
severely woun^.ng one man. who is not
expected to live, and several others in
more or less degree. Called upon by the
commission, the chiefs had the eiheute
stopped, and the business proceeded.
Mataafa was a: the meeting. Here the
rebels stated that they would and did ac
cept the abolition of the kingship. They
alpo fell In aril the idea of an adminis
trator or Governor to be the head of the
Government, but they did not want that
supreme facial appointed by the three
•-■..■ to elect him them
selves from amon£ the old and well-known
residents of Samoa who knew the natives
and their ways and customs.
On July 4 word came to town that just
across the Island at Safata there was
fighting. Some Mataafa supporters <Sua
tele's adherents) made an attack at even
ing on a chief's house while the inmate*
were en?a?ed at family worship The
Chief Taamui was badly wounded, as
were two others. Immediately H. M. S
Torch. Captain Preedy, was off "to "the
scene. Suatele had in the meantime rone
to - .fata, and there be and the Ma!i«toa
chief met Captain Precdy and agreed that
the trouble was over: !t was a family
matter, they said, and had no political sig
nlficance. ~i.V
The Torch returned, nothing being done
to punish the offenders. At this the Mali
etoa men at Safata took offense and a few
days later made an attack on Suatele"s
people as they were returning- from
church. One man was killed outright and
several -wounded. Two of the wounded ■
were suatete's adopted sons. He brought
them at once to Apia and took them to
the German hospital, where one ha.* since
died. The warships Torch and Cormorant
steamed again to Safata and arrested two*
Malietoa chiefs and one Mataafa chief,
who are now lodged in the jail in Apia
pending the result of an inquiry into the
matter when the Safata delegates are
through with the meeting at Mulinuu.
Mataafa has never been to Apia since he
visited the Commissioners on the Badger
at the lifat ie agreed to surrender his
arms. He accepts without reservation the
abolition of the kingship.
President Solf took office on June 10 and
immediately ha' trouble with Vice King
Tamasese and chiefs, who considered that
although Tanu had abdicated the kingship
they still constituted a Samoan govern
ment. Bolt at first seemed inclined to be
bumptious and precipitated serious trou
ble. The Commissioners were appealed to
and they requested the Chief Justice to ',
see the 'Malietoa chiefs and try to settle
things amicably. This Soil did. The fol
lowing was his" Honor's speech on the oc
casion:
It was made clear in the proclamation issued
Sir the Hit Commissioners on the ICth d this
month: first that the decision riven by me
on the Zl*l of Eieceraber, ISSS. — ring M&lie
toa Tanumafiii to be the Kin? of Samoa was
valid and cannot be ehansed. Second, that !
Malietoa voluntarily, of hts own free wtll. In- ! '
Suenced alone by what cc believed was best j
for his country and people, dearer to him than
royalty, save* uo the kingship. Third, that i .
this rr.arr.animous sacrifice, which doubtless
cannot be appreciated properly by one who
has never tasted the sweets of royalty, removed
him from all connection wtth any kind of sov
•rr.rnent in Samoa: an.i the High Commission
ere exercising authorities grtv^n them by the •
Governments of England. Germany and ■ the
L'nited ?ta:es. declared the kingahtp abolished.
Fourth, a government was «et up by the Hiyh
Commissioners to have the rule over Samoa,
ander the direction of the Commissioners. This
government -■■•■- repre
sentative* of the thre* grreat powers, a major
ity of whom can act in all matters except
w"h»re the treaty re<vjir»s al! to act.
Aocor!in*r to the proclamation there is no
ir>r.g»r any government at Mulinuu or anywhere
- .. in these islands with any authority to rule
the country, and any persons, no matter whom
or where, who attempt to rule over Samoa. will
be- doing so In defiance of the Commissioner? ! i
and the three great powers. I beg you. there- i ,
fore, to iisten to what I tell you and -' any j
government you have e-i apart and do ncthir.s j :
more. and until a eovmment which is to last j :
.... up by the three powers on the advtce of : ;
the Commissioners you must obey only the !
Commissioners and the three Oiryruls. Nobody i '
else has -any authority over you. an.i you can '■ :
trust those in authority over you to protect you I
and eovem you Justiy. \'.
After his abdication Tanu intended to ero j '
to Sydney ar.d remain there for some time ; '
and th^ Torch was put at his disposal to ■ !
carry him as far as Fiji, where his sister, '; '
the Princess Faamiui. is living. The Torch •
was under orders to go to Fiji to brine up
an acting British Consul in place of Consul ;
Maxse. and when the Maiietoa chiefs
beard of Tanu's intended departure they ;
got an idea that he was being sent away
by the Commissioners. Their minds were ;
disabused of this, and Tanu Informed his ;
chiefs that he would comply with their i
wish and remain ir, Samoa.
Last week the Chief Justice issued or- i
ders to certain towns in Samoa to appear
before the Supreme Court in certain civil
cases where the judgments of the court !
had not been complied with. Sanati or- }
dered the towns not to appear. The towns
of Safotuafai did not appear, while from •
the remaining- ones only Malietoa chiefs
attended. Sanati's orders were to pay no ,
attention to the Supreme Court: that the ;
Chief Justice was not recocnized. and that j
all orders of the court were mere words >
on paper. The towns which support Ma- ,
taafa objected; and it was in this connec- !
Uon :har. the Chief Justice"? request to be
assisted by the Commissioners in forcing i
Sanati was made, and on the commission '
refusing the Chief Justice declined to stay I
longer in Samoa.
MONUMENT TO THE
ANGLO-SAXON DEAD
APIA. July I.— A number of British and
American officers and seal stationed
at Samoa met on board the American
cruiser Philadelphia and formed them
selves into an • 'Anglo-American memorial
committee" to arrange for placing a suit
able memorial over the graves of those
who lest their lives at Apia. It was de
cided to erect a handsome Scotch granite
monument. Above the names of the slain
will be the English and American flags
entwined and carrying the words "In Me
moriam." Two parallel lines will run down
the center, on one side of which will be
recorded the names of the de-ad Americans
and on the other those of the English
sailors who lost their lives while lighting
side by side with their American cousins.
On the second step of the base will be
engraved an anchor, having on one side
the letters "U. S. N." and on the other
"H B. M. N.." white on the back of the
monument will appear .the inscription.
"Erected by the officers and men of the
United States flagship Philadelphia and
Her Britannic Majesty's ships Tauranga,
Royalist. Porpoise and Torch."
The BMC of the dead to be inscribed
on the monument are a.? follows: Left
hand side — P. V. Lansdale. lieutenant U.
S. N.: J- R- Monaghan. ensign D. S. N.;
N E Edsall. seaman U. S. N.: James
Butler, cockswain U. S. N.: John E.
Mudge. private United States Marine
Corps: Thomas Hoiloway. private United
States Marine Corp? tall from United
States flagship Philadelphia^. Right-hand
side — Angel Hope Freeman, senior lieu
tenant R. X.. H. M. S. Tauranga: Edmond
Halioran, reamar. : Montague Rogers, sea
man; A. H. J. Thomberry. seaman; Al
bert Heirs Frout. leadine seaman; John
Long^leading seaman tH. M S. Royalist).
Admiral Pearson has signified his Inten
tion to send the monument when com
pleted to Samoa in H. M. S. Plyades. On
its arrival it will be erected with suitable
ceremonies.
JUDGE FITZGERALD'S
ENEMIES ARE ACTIVE
May Bring Quo Warranto Proceed-
J ings to Prevent His Being
Seated.
LOS ANGELES. July - ; —Judge W. F. j
Fitzgerald has wired to friends here that I
he will be in Los Angeles on Monday and j
will at once assume his duties upon the )
Superior bench of Las Angeles County, j
The opponents of Judge Fitzgerald were
reiterating to-day that the new Superior j
Judge could not legally serve as Judge i
Clark's successor and that at the proper !
time Fitzgerald's right to sit upon the I
Superior bench of this county would be j
judicially tested. The promoters of the
campaign against Judge Fitzgerald have
thus far been working mysteriously, it
being difficult to find out their pians. It is
stated; however, that Major Horace Bell
is at the head of a movement to keep
Judge Fitzgerald off the Superior Court
bench. For years the two have not been
friends. Their differences arose over ;
a matter of practice a long time ago.
The enemies of Judge Fitzgerald persist !
that according to section 5S of the Politl
cal Code the Judge is not qualified to sit !
as an appointed member or the Superior :
Court of >-os Angeles County and that [
when the time arrives the legal quest- ,
tion involved will be brought up on quo
warranto proceedings.
HENNING SECRETARY
OF CODE COMMISSION
Young Attorney of Los Angeles Is
Tendered and Accepts the
Place.
LOS ANGELES. July &— Former A«-
[ seir.blyman Cornelius N. Pendieton is not
I to be the secretary of the new Code Com- !
mission- The place, it was said to-day.
! had been offered to W. F. Henning of
this city, who will accept. Henning is a ,
I well-known young lawyer of Los Angeles. I
a compiler of decisions which are looked ;
upon as authority.
George J. Denis eft San Francisco on ■
i the Owl train this evening. The new
! Code Commission will organize In San I
I Francisco on Monday with Judge A. B. |
Freeman as president. According to Mr.
Denis, the commission Btends to do its
work thoroughly and will completely
j overhaul the codes compiled by its pre- i
ssors. taking only such work of the
I other commissions as is in the opinion of
i Governor Gage's appointees suitable for
the purposes intended.
„
Gentry Goes to Probable D*ath.
RKDDING. July 2v— S: rles F.
Blackington of Boccurr County, New j
Mexico, started back to-day with Ernest j
Gentry, who is wanted at Alarnogordo for
stealing V>« # in --..-■ rip. Th«»
penalty for robbery in New Mexico is |
death by hanging. The case against Gen
try seems clear. He to a desperate man. S
and to prevent his escape Sheriff Black- I
ington had the prisoner handcuffed and
his feet shackled. The New Mexico -Sher- •
iff has killed several men. and he says ne
will kill another If Gentry makes the
slightest attempt to get away.
Oil Company Incorporates.
FRESNO. July 2S.— The Centra! Oil and
Mineral Company has been incorporated
with '-"•■ MS authorised and $251.0:0 sub
scribed capital. The directors are: John
A. Giffin, G. W. Smith and G. W. Giffln of
Fresno, and B. J. Rhodes and Hugh A.
ilcCail or Sajj Francisco.
SOUTH AFRICA
CRISIS PASSING
Salisbury Hopeful for
Peace.
ADDRESSES HOUSE OF LORDS
BBITISH GOVERNMENT MUST
NOT RETREAT.
Premier Believes That if the Latest
Concessions Axe Genuinely
Carried Out There Will
Be No Clash.
Sp-clal Di«patch to ■-• Call.
LONDON*. July 2*.— ln the House of
Lords to-day the Earl of Camperdown
called attention to the Transvaal situa
tion. The Ear! of Burxraven and others
followed, all declaring that any departure
from the recognized policy of the Gov
ernment would be an act of Inestimable
danger to the position of Great Britain,
not only in South Africa, but it misrht
?hake the imperial existence of Great
Britain ... The Earl of Selbourne. Un
der Secretary for the Colonies, made a
statement similar In purpose to that made
in the House of Commons by Mr. Cham
■ - -
Lord Salisbury reminded the hou?
- - - from I
- ■ .. | t with tl
jrav* fault ( ptii tisn v " -
Pr — . j - i in the proto
---_., ■ friendly co
- • f the races, while he has since
- . - ■ posil
t being; i - ■ ■ rate the Ens ... -
nenta to redu
g - • the status of a subjugated
race.
The Premier declared he was not sur
prised that panic overtook President Kru- j
ger at the interruption of the go!- 1 - dig
ging in S6: but he blamed him for not
consulting the British Government as to
how to deal with the phenoraenoa. He j
agreed that if the latest concessions were j
genuinely carried ou the Government
might look forward to a peaceful solution I
of th# crisis. Her Majesty's . eminent i
he naid. had put its hands to the plow
and certainly did not want to withdraw
them.
Regarding the dispatch?? of Sir George
Hamilton, Secretary of State for India,
and L-ord Curzon of Keddleston. the In
dian Viceroy, the Premier said the report
cf the Committee on the India Currency
said the Government had decided to main
tain the closing of the mints and directed
him to take the necessary steps to make
p. sovereign legal tender at the rate of
15 rup<*es to the sovereign.
In the House of Commons to-day the
Colonial Office vote furnished the Liberals
with ar. opportunity for a debate on- the
Government's policy in the Transvaal.
Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman. the Liberal
leader, said he thought that In view of
the negotiations pending reticence and re
serve must rule the debate. While he did {
not sympathize with Boer opposition to
the franchise extension; he saw nothing
from the beginning to the end of the story
to justify intervention. War over South
Africa would be one of the direst calam
ities possible. The speaker pleaded for
further friendly and prudent action
through Dutch sympathizers at the Cape.
He saw no reason why this should not
achieve conspicuous success, as a similar
course had done in Canada in times past.
The Secretary of State for the Colonies,
Joseph Chamberlain, opened his speech in
reply by declaring that Sir H. Campbell-
Bannerman's language was calculated to
embarrass the cctlon of the Government.
The grievances of the Outianders. Mr.
Chamberlain said, were admitted on all
hands to be serious, but the most serious
part was that the outrageous treatment
to which they were subjected was part of
the settled policy pursued by the Boers.
The situation was dangerous to imperial
interests. As regarded the racial feud
coming out of war. race antagonism al
ready existed and was poisoning the com
munity. The danger of disaffection in
Cape Colony and the range Free State
was entirely <\ue to the action of the
Transvaal. It was not a question of a
five or seven years' franchise, but power
and authority of the empire and of the
position of Great Britain in South Africa.
Referring to offers of colonial help. Mr.
Chamberlain said that if the matter were
arranged it would always be a satisfac
tion to think that in time of trouble the
country might count upon the loyalty of
the colonies. Mr. Chamberlain justified
the right of Intervention — firstly, because
it was the right of every civilized power
to protect its own subjects: secondly, be
cause Great Britain had the right of in
tervention under the new convention as
the suzerain power, and thirdly, because
the convention had been broken In letter
and spirit.
Referring to Sir Campbell-Bannerman a
eulogy of Hon. W. B. Schreiner. formerly
Prime Minister of Cape Colony, and J.
Hofmeier. the Afrikander leader. Mr.
Chamberlain said both of them had de
clared that the earlier and illusory pro
posals of President Kruger were entirely
adequate and satisfactory. When they
were quoted as impartial judges, whose
assistance the Government ought to in
vite the House must remember that they
had' been at least a little premature. In
dealing with the latest proposal, Mr.
Chamberlain said: . . _ __, _
••President Kruger has invited friendly
advice and the Government has thought
itself justified in appealing to him that &
joint Inquiry should be held. These pro
posals were with the view of determining
what representation will be immediately
given aliens, which can be the only basis
of satisfactory settlement. If the inquiry-
Is accepted experts will be pointed, and
the Government hopes that then it will
be possible to reach an agreement. In any ;
case the Government will press for neces
sary alterations In order to secure the ob
ject' in view. We have undertaken the
cau«e of the Outlanders. and are bound
:to see' it through. We shall not rest un
i til a conclusion satisfactory to us has
i been reached. I anticipate that the ef
-1 forts will be successful, but we will not
i tie our hands in regard to measures that
j may be necessary to fulfill anticipations. "
The House adopted the Colonial OSce
vote without a division, after a protracted
debate upon the South African policy of
the Government.
ENTIRE PARISH TO
BE EXCOMMUNICATED
The T-welve Hundred People Have
Been Resisting Ecclesiastical
Authority.
CHICAGO. July 28. — A dispatch to the
Tribune from B<?llevilie, II!.. says: The
Right Rev. John J. Janssen of this
place. Bishop of the Belleville diocese, is
about to excommunicate all the
bers of St. Patrick's parish in East St.
Louis.
It is expected that next Sunday no
tice of such action will be promulgated.
It will be the first instance in th
i the Roman Catholic church in
this country of the excommunication of
an *r.tire parish.
Twelve hundred people will be ex
:- the ministrations of th=
church.
The impending wholesale Infliction of
the church's extreme penalty will be
the consequence of three months' vio
lent resistance of ecclesiastical author-
Congressman Needham"s Tour.
VISALIA. July IS.— The Board of Trade
outing party which left Visalia on July
5 to escort Congressman J. C. Needham
through the public parks and reservations
returned to-day. The trip was a revela
tion to Mr. Needham and will result in
great good to this section of California.
New trails were made and places were
traversed where man never was before.
A scarcity of game was noted. Fish are
more abundant than ever
Suicide Because of Illness.
LOS ANGELES. July 2S.— V. La Croix,
an old and well-known citizen of this
city, committed suicide at "West Lake
Park to-day by shooting himself in the
stomach. He had been sick for some
time. La Croix was 60 years of age and
a widower. He had two sons, who re
side here, - — . _
REFORM SCHOOL
LAD SHOT WHILE
TRYING TO ESCAPE
Killed in His Tracks by a Civilian
Aiding Officials in the
Pursuit.
SACRAMENTO. July 2?.— Joseph Mor
gan, 17 years old. was shot dead in his
tracks near Sheldon to-day while attempt
ing to escape from officers wo sought to
capture him and return him to the Pres
ton School of Industry at lone. The body
reached Sacramento at 11 o'clock to-night
and lies at the .'■'--•• Around one wrist
of the dead lad clings a section of a pair
of handcuffs which had bound young
Morgan to the youth who had joined him
in escaping from the school.
The officers at the school got word that
Morgan had been seen near Sheldon, in
the southeastern portion of Sacramento
County. Two of the officers started In
that direction to-day. At Sheldon they
were reinforced by James Kelly, a former
blacksmith, who fortified himself with a
rifle. The gratnfields in the locality were
being carefully traversed, when young
DEATH SUMMONS
MAN AND WIFE
Passing- of Captain and
Mrs. Thompson.
PORTLAND. July 2».— Death called
:nutes at the h
of Captain Henry Joseph Thompson, at
S o'clock last night . cap
tain and his wife ana I Bum
. --. Thompson never recovered
from 1 ■ -r husband's death,
and expired sh
told to her. The couple had been mar- .
ried twenty-five years, and were as de
ad* gr n Pheir de
parture together n the j in
■ untry was beyond a
ibt in keeping -r^s.
The cause of Captain Thorn:
death was Brieht's disease. He had
i sufferer f or mmy years, ar.
end came as a merciful rel.
Although his wife had from time to ;
time suffered with heart disease, her j
condition was not believed to be seri- ;
ous. and had it not been for her hus- ;
band's taking off. she undoubtedly \
would have been alive and well to-day. |
Captain Thompson was a native of
England and was born in 1535. From j
his early- years he followed the sea, and j
when a" very young man he landed in
San Francisco, where he learned the
trade of machinist in the Union Iron
Work' Subsequently, he became fire
man of the Risdon Iron works, and
after leaving that posit he again
went to sea. He was considered a fine i
navigator, and continued his ocean life j
until" twelve years ago. when his health j
failed him and he came to Portland.
In 1*74 Captain Thompson was unit- >
ed 1" marriase to Miss Josephine White i
of Sacramento. Cal. The union was a ;
happy one. and through all Capcain t
Thompson's illness his wife was his de
voted attendant-
Two minutes after he had passed <
away. Mrs. Thompson asked Mrs. K. i
M. Price, a friend, to see how her sick j
daughter. Josephine, ------- along, j
Mrs. Price had scarcely reached Jose
phine's room when she heard a cry. j
and returning, found Mr?, rnomi -
unconscious. Several doctors were call- ;
ed at once, but were unable to give any j
assistance. Mrs. Thompson died with- .
in five minutes after her husband ex
pired. The cause of r.-r death was
heart trouble, by which she had been
afflicted for several years.
FOUR KILLED ON A
CONSTRUCTION TRAIN
Sev«n Others Seriously Injured. Two
of Whom Are Likely to
Die.
HALIFAX N. S.. July a.— Four men |
were crushed to death, seven seriously i
injured and a number slightly hurt In th» j
wreck of a construction train on the Mid- !
land Railway in Hanis County this after- i
noon.
A train of flat cars was proceeding j
aloncr-some new track when one of the \
center trucks jumped the rails and the
others behind piled on top of it. .There S
were twenty-five or thirty men on the j
train. All those on board the #ar that \
first left the track, four in number, were \
Instantly killed. One or two of those in- \
jured are In a dangerous condition. The j
accident happ«ned thirteen miles from
Windsor. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Patients can arrange +<m^» ♦♦♦<►♦♦♦+*♦+»+♦+:»
to pay after they are DR. MEYERS & CO. are X
„ „„ . : the oldest and most sue- ♦
well, or may pay in ceS sful specialists in Amer . j
monthly installments. ica They have the largest x
♦ -♦ and best equipped medical ♦
■*- institution and the most extensive practice. ♦
j| DR. MEYERS & CO. cure the following ailments J
♦ quickly and permanently, at a reasonable price, and X
> do not ask for money until their patients are well : X
X Lost Vigor, Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses, Wasting
♦; Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, Tumors, +■
♦ Varicoe?le, Special Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleepless- X
X • ness. Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Kidney Disease, Bladder ■*■
■♦- Disease, Spine Disease, Liver Disease, Heart Disease, X
X B ood Disease, Skin Disease, Stomach Disease. Eye >
■♦- Disease, Ear Disease, Lung Disease, Rectal Disease. X
•*- • ■ ■*
X DR. MEYERS & CO. are successful in curing chronic and ♦
♦; dangerous cases, no matter if they have been pronounced in- X
♦ curable by other physicians. X
X CONSULTATION FREE. X
♦ >
X DR. MEYERS & CO. make no charge for consultation and ♦
♦• advice. Call and see them, or write. A friendly talk or a let- X
X ter costs nothing and frequently results in a great deal of good, ♦
♦ even if treatment is not taken. X
X HOME CURES— If you cannot call, write for private book, di- ♦
X agnosis sheet, free advice, prices and other.particulars. Thousands ■♦
■♦■ of men cured every year who have* never seen the doctors. -*
+ Consultation free. All corre- X
♦ spondence confidential. No ; — ; 77" *
X printing on envelopes or pack- j -^?rv i^^^ :^lF^-
X ages to indicate name of sender. /^jj^ 'n^^P^^^T^^^x
■♦- DR. MEYERS & CO., offices 731 / %*'<}& / W'JS^ 1 %a^& \
♦ Market street, San Francisco — I V I \jt ] I \jJ?*W I
X entrance. Hours— S to 5 daily; 7to ■ \ "V *F^k \ -^^^ A MMft. /
♦• 8 evening* ; 9 to 11 Sunday*. *\, YihJ&>. A^^K J^Vt^^-^
?M t ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦ ♦_♦ ♦_♦»»♦»♦-»
( Morgan was scared out of his hiding
I place and started to run away from his
j would-be captor 3.
Either on his own responsibility or at
i the request of the school officials Kelly
: raised his rifle and fired at the fleeing
• form. It la said that two shots were fired
\ in an effort to bring the youth to a halt.
' One succeeded, for Morgan dropped dead
; in the field of waving grain.
Keily pave himself up to the officers
j who repaired to the scene from Sacra
: mer.to. He declares ihat he had no m
; tention to kill Morgan, and that he sup
s posed he was discharpine his rifle in the
■ air. He further assorts that he was tola
by the reformatory officials to shoot- The
latter deny this, and the affair will be
thoroughly investigated.
Morgan was sent up from San Fran
cisco for a term in the reform school. His
1 family connections in San Francisco are
not known, and it has been ascertained
! that his parents live in New York.
OFFERS ITS LINE
TO UNION PACIFIC
Northern Pacific Makes
a Proposition.
itch 1 Tbm
TACOMA. July H —President C. 5 M»!
--len of the Northern Pacific Railway. In
_• • - ■ I the i
-
"We have offered the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company, which Is the
Union Pacific system, to let It run into
Tacoma over our tracks from Portland
ar.d to give them terminals here, so far
as we have any say in the matter, at very
reasonable terms. They may accept our
proposition. The terms are entirely satis
factory. If they are not we will make
them factory. It would be to our in
terest as well as theirs to let them run in
over our tracks rather than build an ad
ditional line. We would rather divide the
cost and expense cf maintaining one line
than to pay all the cost ourselves. The
traffic between h-re and Portland for
many years can all be done over the one
line "and not be crowded. As for terms,
we* wili make terms that are satisfactory.
■The war between the Northern and the
Union is most in the newspapers. Many
of the stockholders are owners in botn
roads, and where we can save money by
such an agreement it will be made. And
I have no doubt this arrange] will be
made as soon as the Union gets around to
take the matter up. They will have their
own terminals here and be entirely inde
pendent of us, both roads using the same
track. The Northern Pacific wUI continue
to make Tacoma its main terminus on tho
Pacific and the place where the Oriental
commerce is carried on as long as- we
have our docks and terminals here. If we
had the same facilities in Portland and
Seattle as we have here we would take
the business to the town that was the
most enterprising ar.d where the people
were the best hustlers. We have already
acquired large terminals at Seattle. The
deal fcas been closed though it has not
been given to the public. We shall natur
ally utilize the land.
"'lf we had the facilities In Seattle that
we have here we could as well do thr
business there as here. The distance is
no greater. But at Tacoma we have the
term;:: ils already built, and here we shall
continue to do the main bulk of our Ori
ental business as long as we can. ke-;p
room enough to handle it."
FLOOD IN LIMY AND
NEUQUEN RIVERS
They Have Overflowed Their Banks,
I>estroyed Many Villages
and Ruined Crops.
Special Cable to The Can --: tile S«« "Fork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1353, by James Gor
don Bennett.
BUENOS ATRES, 1 H The Limy
causing great rtnmngi I
tory. Ma -
Gratitude to France.
PARIS. July 2S.— The Figaro asserts, and
guarantees the statement as absolutely
authentic, that the successful conclusion
of the Franco-American commercial con
vention should be carried through out of
gratitude to France's role in the conclu
sion of the Hispano-American peace
treaty.
Temperance Convention.
NEW YORK. July tL— T ■ '
nial f the world's
risi ■ ..rerance T t Is an
'■'. - . . .
- ttec meeting will be held on
34
ROOSEVELT URGED
THAT GENERAL OTIS
BE CALLED HOME
Dissatisfaction Also Expressed
With Alger s Conduct of the
War Department,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON
July 28.— The Interesting statement is
made in connection with the retirement
of Mr. Alger from the Cabinet that
Governor Roosevelt of New York wrote
a letter urging his retirement, and also
that Genera] Otis be relieved in the
Philippines, and Brooke be superseded
by Wood as military governor of Cuba.
This letter, it is stated, was written by
Governor Roosevelt to a member of the
Cabinet some time prior to the. last
general outburst of anti-Alger talk,
and several weeks before his actual
resignation, and is said to have been
the cause of a revival of the matter
after xYlger had said several times in
answer to earlier rumors that he would
not resign.
Secretary Hay is mentioned in one
.quarter as the recipient of the letter,
but this the Secretary will not admit.
It is stated that in his letter Gover
nor Roosevelt was very severe in his
criticism of the general course of the :
War Department, and insisted that the !
administration could not afford to be
held responsible for Alger, or to con- j
tinue the military policy in the Philip
pines or In Cuba. He argued for more
vigorous and effective operations. It
is stated thai this letter was shown to
the President at once, as it was intend
ed it should be, and that from this
started the renewal of the demand for
Alger's retirement that resulted in his
resignation.
When the President sent for Governor
Roosevelt, as he did some little time
before Alger resigned, it is said that >
the object in calling him to the White
House was to talk over this letter, and .
to try to reach an understanding that
would avoid hasty action in the matter. •
».
LIVELY FiGHT WITH
INSURGENTS IN FOOTHILLS
MANILA. July 2^.— The insurgent gar
risons at Tunason and Binang. with two
i . .'-sand two can n i an at
tempt yesterday to go around to the west
of Calamba and Join the main 'body of
mas. They encoun-
Imerican outposts and a lively
■ thills. The Ameri
• w to pursue th<- reb< Is.
A coasting steamer reports that a trad
ssel is anchored at Aparri, at the;
northern end of Luz< i there is a
garris ! men, who are armed with
r riflt s a intrench- :
Spanish gunboats are
led ii) the river to prevent them •
!'r<ni the appro ich of the
Ameri • rs, but they art- anxious
to fight t ■ an mosquito fl< I
UNCENSORED LIST OF
ARMY FATALITIES
SEATTLE, July 28. - The Times prints
this afternoon \\h;u purports to be a full
and uncensored list of tatalities in the
A::., rican army in the Philippines up to
The list was furnished by Fred
J. Eitel, a to\] ■ of the Manila
■ aims to have obtaini d It
from ( the surgeon general's
it Manila.
. number of fatalities is 736—23
officers, 699 privates and 14 civilians at
the army. A remarkable feat
rd i.s found in the state
t that 1 r of officers killed in
: rtion to the num-
I (vi the other hand
: ied fr^m disi ase, propor
tionately, than privates. Out of the
DAWSON CITY IS
FREED FROM ITS
FETTERS OF ICE
Steamers Arrive From Up and
Down the River — Precau=
tions to Avoid Fires.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON, May 24. No person has left
■ ■ ide since Ihe morning
prli :>. whei two teams started up
tti I and uncertain
of the Kr>;it lire that on the 26th n
!.' arly all of th-> business portion of Daw
son. Since that time the destroyed l.ulld
ax< nearly all replaced by others
that, i!" not mure substantial, arc at least
• and brighter. Building i? still
• [y going forward in every part of
■ >wn in preparation for the spring
burst of business following the clean-up.
The Ice in the river broke at Dawson
on the 17th and was a complete failure
as a spectacle. The season had been so
backward, the snow had melted and run
off so gradually that the river never rose
and the break-up was occasioned by a
locsening of the hold of ice to tho
shore, tho dln-rt work of th^ ?un. It
1 nut of the river in two days. Jams
}n the river above, however, have delayed
communication and not until the 23d did
a steamboat arrive from the upper river.
Flora of the Bennett l.,:ike and
like Navigation Company, arrived
Mond iy afternoon with some twenty pas
ra and a quantity of freight that
had been carried to her over the lakes on
tbe i'-e and which consisted of sugar, but
ter and r-sps— things known to be scarce
))<-:•. The ficps. of which thef'e wore not
many, sold at $- 50 a dozen wholesale and
Were a disappointment to the man who
brought them in.
On the evening of the same day the
Bonanza Kir.p came down. Throe or four
small boats and barges came down also.
but only one of these from the lake re-
Kion. All reports from these agree that
there is to be no rush of : <n the
outside this spring or summer, though
3 ears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
twenty-three officers dead sixteen were
killed In action, two were drowned and
live died of disease, as follows: Typhoid
one, meningitis two, rheumatism of heart
one. paralysis one.
Of the 699 privates 294 died of wounds
received In action, 9 were killed accident
ally. 23 were drowned, and 7 committed
suicide. [06 died of typhoid, 99 of smallpox,
47 or dysentery, 2* of pneumonia, 19 of ma
larial fever, and fourteen of meningitis.
The remaining 17 died from various dls
<>f the fourteen deaths among: civilians
seven were from smallpox, ana three from
gunshot wounds received in action.
OTIS' OFFICIAL REPORT
OF BATTLE AT CALAMBA
WASHINGTON, July 2R.— The War De
partment this morning received its first
official report of the capture of Calamba
in the following cablegram from General
Otis:
Hall and one thousand men captured
Calamba, an important strategic position
on I.iiguna de Bai, yesterday, driving out
three hundred Insurgents. The command
omposed nf portions of thr Fourth
Cavalry, Pwenty-first Infantry and Wash
ington Volunteers, transported in launches
and the gunboat cascoes accompanying
ties:
Privates Charles Gleesupp, Fourth, and
McDuffy, H. Twenty-first, killed.
Corporal Thomas Totten, Company G,
Fourth, mortally wounded.
Privates Michael Sht-ridan, Herbert
Tracey and Napoleon White, Company X,
Twenty-first, seriously wounded.
Privates Hinds and Plummer, Company
G, and Sanson, Company C, Fourth;
Philipls, ('•■ mi any H: Christie and Hollis
ter, Company D, and Ashland. Company
C, Twenty-first, slightly wounded.
The insurgent casualties are unknown
Forty gpanlsh prisoners were released. A
Spanish gunboat In good condition, long
.sought for In the bay, was captured. This
town wa« the direct objective point of
T-awtrvn when he captured Santa Cruz In
April, but h«- was unable to reach it
by boats on account of shoal water.
DETAIL OF TROOPS ON
TRANSPORT SHERMAN
WASHINGTON. July 2s.— General Otis
■ cabled the following details of the
troops, en route home on the transport
Sherman:
The transport Sherman, with the Cali
[nfantry and Heavy Artillery, left
for San Francisco with the Twenty-sixth
[nfantry, forty-one officers and 1000 enlist
ed men; artillery, nine officers and 27ti en
listed men.
The infantry left at I, a t'arlnta. Negros
Island, Privates Claud W. Huff, Com
pany E; w. .1- Clark, G. W. Iverson, c ' im
pany X: John M. Noonan, James M. Dub
ney, James H. Brown, William I». Stew
art, Company < "■ ; li. G. Collins. Company
L, Fi-.'k: Private Benjamin F. Hurd, Com-
E, nurs. ; Pi I Ralph I loates,
Company X, missing in action near Ma
nila April 6.
LAYING A CABLE TO
FOLLOW THE ARMY
MANILA. July 2^.— ln compliance with
an order received from Madrid the Span
ish transport Alva will proceed from Ma
nila immediately to the Caroline Islands
in order, to repatriate the garrison and the
inhabitants of those islands.
Th-re is great interest in the first
attempt of a cable boat to follow the
movements of the army. The boat left
Tambay, near Taeulg, at the northern
end of Lagruna de Sal, this morning.
after making connection with the land
wire and successfully laid eighteen miles
of cable. It is expected that the cable
boat -will reach Calamba to-night.
I there will be a reasonably fair contingent
; of new comers, a large proportion of them
being Investors.
The cleanup is now fairly begun, and
1 promises to realize all that has been cx
i pec ted of it. The old creeks, Uonanza
I and El Dorado, are performing as they
\ have for two seasons past, while the
I branches on both are turning out niarvel-
I ously. Hunker and Dominion creeks and
! Upper Sulphur are turning out better than
I last season, and the benches or hillsides
are here, too. producing more than was
expected of them. Gold Run and Eureka
Creek will add considerable to the general
footing. There has been and is still much
anxiety over the water question. Th
washup began this year fully a week ear
lier than last year, but cold weather set
I in and checked it. The weather has since
' continued cool, and only within the last
! few days has there been a sufficient flow
! of water to warrant me work being un
dertaken in earnest. The dumps are still
frozen, and this makes the shoveling in
heavy and slow. Whether the water will
last for the complete cleanup is the im
portant question. I shall to-morrow start
on a general tour of the creeks and gain
what data may be possible as to the sit
uation and the value of the year's output.
The fire of the 26th of April swept out of
! existence two lilorkst of buildings, includ-
I ing nearly all the dancehalls on Front
street, the big Alexander McDonald build
ing and the Hank of British North Amer
ica on Second street. The bank's vault
was destroyed and all the papers in it
: were burned.
About half a ton of gold dust was sea
tered in the ruins, and the charred earth
! about, the vault had to be run through a
rocker to save the yellow stuff. The bank
will be rebuilt in brick— the first brick
■ building of Dawson. Clay has been found
. on the hillside back of town, a kiln has
: been built and the . bricks are ben
I burned. The fire stared in the rooms of
a woman of the town, Helen Holden, over
the Bodega saloon, on Front street. The
fire engine, which drew its water supply
1 through a hole in the ice on the river,
\ was over thirty minutes in raising steam,
i and to this was directly blamed the spread
iof the fire. The Governor and his Council
; have thus since been supplied with pier.
: of work. They have been making an ex-
I tended inquiry into the cause of the lire
department's failure, with a promise at
the end of reorganizing it.
A self-appointed Fire Commission ha
summarily dismissed the chief the day
after the fire, but he refused to recognize
Its authority. After an extended Inquiry
into . the cause of the fire the Council
passed an ordinance requiring the demi
monde to move back two blocks further
from the water front, or the business part |
of the town. This was intended to put a |
full block between the business houses ;
and the houses of the scarlet women, in i
which latter most of the fires have had J
their origin. The order at first confined '
them t*».wo blocks in the center of the
swamp/and immediately the land specu
lator saw his opportunity. He proposed
to build a great bagnio covering these two
blocks "nnd setting a rental upon each of
its divisions that in the aggregate would !
have beeen better to him than any gold ,
mine in the Klondike. ■ ■ ■
The Council, however, saw its mistake.
THE SAN FE AN CISCO CALL, SAT UHP AY, JULY 29, 1899.
and gave the women the right to go
wherever they would po long as they kept
three blocks away from the water front.
This had the effect of bringing the rent
down to $2 50 a front foot for land within
the same two blocks referred to, and th< re
the tenderloin, is being re-established. The
women have to effect their removal be
fore June 1.
Following this order of the Council came
another from the commissioner gov. rnor
ring the tenants of the water front
to sign a lease, under which they might
be removed on or after the loth of June,
and requiring them to pay rent in advance
to that time. The occupants of the shacks
along the water front had been petitioning
for an extensionof their leas* hold through
thi coming summer, while many, contend
ing that the grant of the lease orig
inally was illegal, had been refusing to
pay rent and hid yet been allowed to re
main. Tinier threats of eviction, how
ever, they had finally asked for time in
which to appeal to Ottawa, and as a tacit
consent to this the ord< r referred to Mad
been issued. Many fearing that th< y
would be compelled to move in the middle
of the busy season prepared to move now.
and did so, tearing down their buildings
and leaving greal naps in the water front.
Others signed the lease, and as the end in
view— that of opening up the water front
for steamboat landings and for fire emer
gencies—has been in a measure conserved.
they hope to be allowed to remain there
indefinitely.
yesterday afternoon th* first steamboat
from down the river arrived, the John C.
Barr of the North American Transporta
tion and Trading Company. She had been
wintering in the river about thirty miles
below Forty Mile in a very dangerous po
sition and" the odds were laid heavily
that she would be broken up by the ice.
She met with no Injury whatever and re
ports that the Arnold of the Alaska Ex
ploration Company, which was lying back
of an island four miles farther up the
river from her, also escaped injury. The
event, therefore, so much longed for and
yet so much dreaded— the breaking of the
i ee -_} las passed off and nobody is hurt.
The flagrant scandal just now of this
town of many scandals, the one that
hurts Americans, is the Consul, James
Church McCook. He is a most conspicu-
Hgure in the dance halls and the
water front saloons and has so fallen in
the general esteem that an American Is
loth to be seen on the street with him.
Hia suit for libel against a local paper,
that wrote up one of his escapades, has
not come to trial, but. if it be a Jury trial,
the paper is certain to win. There is a
greal deal of sickness in the city, princi
pally scurvy. The Queen's birthday was
observed yesterday by outdoor sports that
entertained the public throughout the day
and by a grand ball In the evening. Great
numbers of men Were In from the creeks
and public- or official business was sus
pended; the business of the saloons was
vastly increase. 1. To-day the great
scramble for gold is resumed.
CRITICIZE LABOR
COUNCIL'S LETTER
Hawaiian Planters on
Contract System.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, July 21.— Some of the lead
ing planters are, not unnaturally, very
angry at the letter of the secretary of the
Francisco Labor Council, but do not
anticipate any serious effects from it, es
pecially after the careful investigations I
made by the officers of the Italian war
ship recently in our port, which, there is
reason to believe, were decidedly favor
able. That the reports of actual cruelty
art - — so far as regards the present flay — j
grossly exaggerated is an undoubted fact. |
The efforts of the present Government,
and especially the frequent visits and j
close inspection of the Government
agents, have put almost an end to the
hideous acts of cruelty which were report
me few y< ars ago.
It la undoubtedly true that compara
tively recently the Government has had |
to warn certain plantations that they !
could not have any more labor permits
until they treated their present laborers j
with more consideration, and it does oc- !
casionally leak out thai here and there i
are plantations upon which some of the
lunas are little superior to ilemls; but
then these men are being weeded out by
the managers in self-defense.
The whole blame of the matter must be '
placed upon the planters for using their ■
a< c to maintain the penal provisions ■
of the contraci labor law. The readers of
The Call will probably remember that the
present Government made the promise of
repealing tnesi laws one of the strongest .
pleas for annexation, and yet willfully
violated its pledges at the nod of the
planters.
fn his report to the last of our legisla
tures the chief Justice shows that In 1594
--i >f the total ol 7108 civil cases brought
■ the courts no less than :>4i>i! were
for "deserting or refusing bound serv- i
ice"; and for 1896-97 OUi Of 6319 Civil cases;
1:17;: were for the same cause. These facts j
al< ne would appear to be sufficient to con
demn the law without entering into the i
criminal record pertaining to It.
To thoroughly appreciate the meaning
and effect of these laws would be a long .
but interesting story. It would be neces-
Bary to peruse it by the light of half a
century ago. when it was first drafted,
and study the many amendments and de
cisions that have considerably modified It.
In brief, it was originally enacted in the ,
days when the whaling trade was the
main industry and .sugar was in its in- j
fancy. The Chinese were not then here, i
and the principal laborers were the Ha
waiian?. However, leaving history alone, !
the more impartially and even generously
this law is studied, the more heinously
and outrageously out of place it appears
to be on the statute books of a land
Christianized and civilized by New Eng- j
land missionaries.
The most obnoxious sections are as fol
lows:
Section 1413. If any person lawfully hound
to service shall willfully absent blmsell from
such service without the leave of his master,
any district or Police Justice of the kingdom,
upon complaint made under oath by the mas
ter, or by any one on his behalf, may Issue
a warrant to apprehend such person and bring
him before the staid Justice; and if the com
plaint shall be maintained, the justice shall
order such offender to be restored to his mas
ter, and he shall be compelled to serve not to
exceed double the time of his absence. In the
discretion of the court, unless he shall make
satisfaction to the master for the loss and In
jury sustained by such absence; provided, al
ways, that such additional term of service
shall not extend beyond one year next after
the end of the original term of service.
Sec. 1420. If any such person shall refuse to
serve according to the provisions of the last
section, or the terms of his contract, his mas
ter may apply to any district or Police Justice.
where he may reside, -.vim shrill »>» r>nth™-i7.0.i
by warrant or otherwise to send for the person
so refusing, and If such refusal be persisted in,
to commit such person to prison, there to re
main, at hard labor, until he will consent to
serve according to law.
And in case such person so bound as afore
said shall have returned to the service of such
master in and obedience to such order of said
Justice, and shall again willfully absent himself
from such service without the leave of his mas
ter, such district or Police Justice may fine
such offender not exceeding $■'■ for the first of
fense, and for every subsequent offense there
after not exceeding $10, and in default of pay
ment thereof such offender shall be imprisoned
at hard labor until such fine is paid; and at
the expiration of such Imprisonment, such
justice shall order such offender to be re
stored to his master to serve for the remain
der of such original term of service.
Sec. 1422. All the costs incurred in any pro
cess against a servant under sections 1419 or
1420 shall be paid in the first instance by the
complainant, and if the complaint shall be sus
tained, the master shall have judgment and
execution therefor against the offending servant.
These sections require no further com
ment than the fact that the Stars and
Stripes float over the islands and the Ga
licians are still in prison under this law.
GERMAN FRUIT MARKET.
I
Growing Demand at Hamburg for the
Dried Output.
BUISUN, July 2S.— Four years ago
' Ernest Luehning tried the experiment of
establishing a dried fruit market in Ham
burg, Germany. The first year he ship
ped twenty carloads and in succeeding
years doubled the shipment named. Mr.
' Luehning has this week completed the
■ erection of one of the largest and best
. quipped warehouse* in the State and
will make Suisun his headquarters. The
, quantity of dried fruit this year will be
]i s^ than in former years, but Mr. Lueh
l nlng expects, nevertheless, to increase his
: shipments to foreign markets this year.
He said to-day that since the Hamburg
Exposition the demand for dried fruit had
| greatly increased in Germany and that
!an extensive market would be opened
! there in the near future for California
i products. Orders have been received this
week lor dried apricots ami three car
loads will be forwarded without delay.
TO ROUND UP A
DESPERATE BANDIT
Posse Searching for Tom
Ketchum.
LEADER OF A FAMOUS BAND
HAS ENGINEERED MANY TRAIN
ROBBERIES.
He Is in Hiding in Tom Green County
and the Officers Are Determined
to Take Him Dead or
Alive.
Ppecia! Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN. July 2S.— Tom Ketchum, the
most notorious train robber, murderer and
bandit leader known in Texas, is about to
be rounded up in Tom Green County by
a posse of State Rangers and Deputy
X'nlted States Marshals, according to re
liable official information received here
to-day from that section.
Tom'Ketchum and his band have plotted
and carried out successfully more train
robberies than any other brigands who
ever operated in the Southwest. In addi
tion to holding up and robbing the Fort
Worth and Den%*er City passenger train
near Folsom, N. M., recently they have
committed a dozen other equally as des
perate robberies in Texas, Now Mexico
and Arizona during the last four years.
Tom Ketchum is a brother of Sam Ketch
um. who was shot and fatally wounded
in the fight with officers in New Mexico
a few days ago. Tom was In that fight
and the officers say that it was his rapid
firing and unerring aim that did so much
deadly work in their own ranks on that
occasion. After that light the band sen
arated and Tom and two of his men made
their way to their old rendezvous in Tom
Green County.
Their presence in the vicinity of San
Angelo became known to the officers of
that county four days ago, and steps were
Immediately taken to effect their capture.
Four rangers who were ordered there
from San Sana. County and several deputy
United States Marshals are close on their
trail, and it is expected that the final
round-up will occur to-morrow.
Tom Ketchum was raised In San Saba
County, near here. He has wealthy and
highly respected relatives living in South
west Texas. He entered his career as a
leader of a train rubbers gang about lour
years ago. One of their first notable rou
beries was at LoEler, Texas, when they
held up the California passenger train on
the Southern Pacific road and secured
about $40,000 from the through sal
Wells, Fargo & Co. State Rangers and
deputy United States Marshals were soon
on the scene and purued the band through
the roughest part of West Texas for a
distance of four hundred miles. At the
New Mexico line the band separated and
Tom Ketchum returned to Tom Green
County, but the exact location of his
rendezvous there could never be found:
A short time afterward the band got
together again and robbed an Interna
tional ami Great Northern passenger train
near Austin. A few months later they
committed the robbery of the Texas and
Pacific passenger train near Coleman,
Texas. They secured a large amount of
money from the express company in the
latter robbery. Ketchum participated In
this latter robbery, but it is thought that
few of the remaining members of his des
perate gang were connected with it. Tom
Ketchum then fled to New Mexico, where
he committed other successful train rob
beries. Texas officers who are acquainted
with Ketcnum's record claim that he
never belonged to the "Black Jack" gang.
He baa th< reputation of being a dead
shot with a Wln< luster and pistol. It is
conservatively estimated that Ketchum
and his band have secured over $100.u0Q
from the express companies within the
past four years.
PRESIDENT JORDAN
BACK FROM COLORADO
Stanford Educator Pleased With the
Success of the Recent Teachers'
Convention.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 2*.— ;
President David Starr Jordan returned to- I
day to the university from Colorado. Dur-
Ing his trip he attended the meeting of
the National Educational Association in ;
Los Angeles, and was one of the principal i
speakers before the Texas-Colorado Chau
tauqua Association at Boulder, Col. While
In Colorado Dr. Jordan was royally enter
tained by the Rocky Mountain Cornell
Association, which gave a banquet in his
honor at the Albany Hotel, Denver. Dr.
Jordan reports having met some STale ni<-n
who expect to attend Stanford next year,
and who will add materially to Stanford's
strength upon the gridiron and diamond.
In regard to the meeting of the National
Educational Association and Us benefit*
to California President Jordan said:
"The meeting of the National Kduca- j
tional Association at Los Angeles was ■
the most successful in its history. The
meeting will have two very Important ef
fects. In the first place, it has given 11,000
teachers, mostly or the East, a better un
derstanding of California and what it is,
and of the reasons why Califomians are
so proud of their State. On the other '■.
hand it does California a great deal of
good to have so many bright minds from 1
the older States turned loose within her
borders."
President Jordan leaves on Saturday fnr '
Kings River Canyon, where he will spend
the month of August camping. He will
be accompanied by Mrs. .Jordan and by
Professor and Mrs. Elwood I\ Cubberley.
THOUSANDS OF CARP
IN A CLOSED SLOUGH
Tons of the Fish Will Be Left to Die
by the Evaporation of the
Water.
STOCKTON, July 28.— Thousands, seem
ingly millions, of carp are impriPoned in
a closed slough near Fishermans Landing,
on Union Island. It Is a sight worth go
ing miles to see. The fish were deposited
in the slough during the high water, and
when the river went down they were all
left on the wrong side of the levee. The
slough is about thirty feet wide, averag
ing three feet in depth and fully a half
mile long. The fish are so thick in the
place that they can hardly swim about.
They swim on the surface in such num
bers that they could be thrown out on
the bank In a scoop shovel by the wagon
load.
The water is rapidly evaporating un
der the torrid sun, which plays upon the
island, and the carp are growing bigger.
It is only a matter of a few weeks wh»n
they will be left in the open, dead and
decaying. Some of the fish have readied
a large size, nearly twenty inches in
length.
Eventually the fish will be left baking
in the sun and a stench will arise that
will call for heroic measures. The dead
fish make an excellent fertilizer, and this
is probably the use to which they will
be put.
Thn plough might be opened and the
fish turned back into the river, but the
opportunity to destroy so many of the
river pe.sts Is not one to be passed by the
people. The carp is valueless as a table
fish and they destroy many of the more
desirable inhabitants of the rivers and
channels.
Engineer Baird Killed.
LOS ANGELES. July 2K.— Word has
reached here of an accident which oc
curred on the Santa Fe on Wednesday.
At Angell station, a few miles east of
Flagstaff, the fourth section of a freight
train coming east ran into the third sec
tion, and Engineer Richard Balrd was
instantly killed. His fireman jumped just
as the big engine plowed into the caboose
of the third section and escaped with a
few bruises.
Toiled, Though a Rich Man.
SONOMA, July 28.— Charles Gerber. who
had been employed as a butcher in the
Webber meat market for several years,
died suddenly yesterday evening or apo
ple±y. A search of his personal effects
revealed that he had in the neighborhood
of $15,000 on deposit in San Franclscc
banks and ownecf stock in the Spring Val
ley Water Company.
FREE PORT IS
UNSATISFACTORY
Canadian View of Boun
dary Dispute.
ARBITRATION IS DESIRED
TRADE WITH KLONDIKE CHIEF
CAUSE OF TROUBLE.
Many Canadians Believe That Seattle
Steamboat Men Have Had Much
to Say in the Nego
tiations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OTTAWA, Ontario, July 28.— Whatever
may be the ground for the optimistic dis
patches that have their origin in the State
Department and the British Embassy ai
Washington, neither party in Canada id
satisfied with the hints that England i 3
going to settle the boundary dispute out
of hand without reference to Ottawa and
accept the offer of a free port under
American sovereignty on the Lynn canal.
Canada may have to accept that very
thing in the end, but the suggestion that
she would have to do so would at this
time be very like dropping a can of nitre
glycerin on a brick pavement.
What Canada will be satisfied with, if
it cannot get arbitration, will be the ces
sion of a free port under British sov
ereignty at Pyramid harbor and also the
cession of a strip of territory ten or
tw< nty miles wide leading from Pyramid
harbor to the Canadian Klondike. In the
face of aroused public sentiment ringing
from one end of the Dominion to the
other no public man would dare stand up
and say ho was satisfied with what seems
to be under discussion at Washington.
The whole trouble just now Is over the
trade In the Klondike. Mining is carried
on almost entirely on Canadian territory.
Mr. Sifton, Minister of the Interior, esti
mates the number of American miners at
90 per cent. Sir Charles Tupper estimates
it at 60 per cent.
Tn the opinion of many Canadians Seat
tle steamboat men have dominated all
negotiations and prevented a compromise.
The Premier's figures show that Seattle
alone has 80 per cent of the carrying
trade. The proposition of Canadians to
build a railroad from Kltimat Harbor,
skirting the disputed strip, into Dawson
City, is made in dead earnest. One has
only to figure the cost to realize how
deeply Canada is stirred. Such a railroad
would have to be subsidized for at least
$5000 a mile. It would be 700 miles long.
Thus, in order to accomplish what was
Bought to be accomplished by the recent
negotiations, Canada will spend $3,500,000.
TRUCK RECORD
TO THE CREDIT
OF SEARCHLIGHT
Fast Heat Paced at
Cleveland,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, July 2*.— Search
light, In addition to winning the 2:04 race
from Anaconda and Frank Bopash. placed
a now mark to-day for the frlenville track
—2:03%. It was the fastest mile that has
ever been made in harness on the Cleve
land track. The great son of Dark Night
did it in one of the warmest heats that
has been seen in many a day.
Another mark was fixed by The Maid,
when in the second heat of the 2:14 pace
she went the mile in 2:04&, breaking the
record of 2:07^4 for four-year-old pacing
mares in races, made by Much Better at
San Jose last August. The track record
at Glenville was 2:03*4, held by Frank
A gaii.
The fourth day of the races presented
the best programme so far this week, the
Btar attraction being the fast pacing race.
It proved to be in every way as interest
ing as it was advertised to be. With the
horses in good condition they made good
time, and Searchlight knocked the opinion
of the bookies endwise, winning the race
they had scheduled for Anaconda,
Cresceus was the disappointment in the
2:10 trot. After winning one heat he was
hardly heard of except in a wonderful
drive in the last heat. The race went to
Klloree, who got better as the race pro
gressed, and finally won from Tommy
Britton and Cresceus.
A peculiar stat>' of affairs existed with
the 2:14 pace. The Maid was the favorite,
but Will Tranby was placed most against
t he field. The favorite in the opening
of the betting finally won the race after
dropping a heat to Tranby.
Bessie X was the hot favorite in the
2:21 trot, but Dainty Daffo was the winner.
The crowd which attended the races was
not as large as it had been on the days
preceding. However, about TuOO persons
w . re In 'he grand stand when the bell
called the 2:04 pacers out. The threaten
ing rain did no,l materialize and the day
was an Ideal one, with the track fast,
although a trifle dusty. Results:
2:04 class pacing, nurse $-000. best three in
five heats— Searchlight won second, third and
fourth heats. Time. 2:O:Ui, 2:061-2, 2:04. Ana
conda ffun tirst heat in 2:04% and was second.
Flunk Bogash third. Directly also started.
2:10 class trotting, purse $3i>'>o, best three in
five heats— Kllnreo won fourth, fifth and sixth
heats. Time. 2:08%, 2:loft. i:Vi. Tommy Brit
ton won first and second beats and was sec
ond. Time, 2:10, 2:V2\. I'resopus won third
heat in 2:10 and was third. Pilatua, Battle
ton, Belle J, CaracellH, 'iayton, Monterey and
Oakland Baron also started.
2:H class pacing, purse $1200, best two in
thre-e heats— The Maid won second and third
heats. Time, 2:065. 2:OSU- Will Tranby won
first heat in 2:06\ and was second. Hontas
Crooke was third. Fairvlew. Lollta, Nerva
Patchen, Lavena, Daniel. Moronial, Bay Leaf,
Lilly of the Valley. Walnut Lad. Scapegoat,
Burr Patchen and Lady Herold also started.
2:21 class trotting, purse $1200, best two in
three heats— Dainty Daffo won in straight
heats. Time, 2:13 V;, 2:l3>£. Bessie X second.
Kfparto Rex third. Anita S, William C X
and Thornwitch also stnrted.
FORBES WINS ON A FOUX.
Rotchford Strikes the Chicago Man
Below the Belt.
CHTCAGO. July 28.— A repetition of the
fOU] blow that lost for Billy Rotchford
in his fight with Pedlar Palmer in Eng
land a few months ago lost for him again
to-night in the lirst round of a boxing con
test with Harry Forbes of Chicago. The
blow caught Forbes in the stomach just
above the groin, knocking him flat on
his back. He did not regain consciousness
for nearly a half hour.
Both men started out at a fast pace,
Forbes having a shade the better of it
until the accidental blow was struck
Forbes had straightened Rotchford up
with a left jab and came rushing in with
his risnt. Rouhford tried to uppercut
with his right, but Forbes, stepping up
close, caught the blow in the stomach. .
TAYLOR'S FAST MILE.
Paced by a Motorcycle, He Covers
the Distance in 1:32 2-5.
CHTCAGO. July 28.— Major Taylor,
paced by the steam motor cycle, rode a
mile on the Ruvenswood track to-night
in 1:32 2-5. The motor cycle, which is a
rather complex affair, went wrong in its
insides a dozen times before it was patch
ed up sufficiently to make the pace.
The macnine and Taylor started from
the farther stretch and by the time they
had reached the tape they were going like
the wind. Taylor tacked himself close
to the rear wheel, and, fast as the ma
chine went, he stayed with it. The quar
ter was made in :22 1-5, world's time. The
half was made in :44 1-5, also record time.
The three-quarters was a second Blower,
for the machine was not true, and al
ARRIVES WITH A
MILLION IN GOLD
FROM THE NORTH
The Steamer St. Paul Drops
Anchor in the Stream at
Midnight.
The Alaska Commercial Company's t
steamer St. Paul arrived from St. Mi
chael shortly before midnight last night j
and anchored in the stream.
The St. Paul brought down about 250
passengers, most of whom were miners.
It is estimated that the total amount of
gold on board the steamer will reach close
to the million mark. Of this amount sev
era] hundred thousand dollars is the
property of Messrs. Erickson and Hunt,
two of the best known men on the Klon
dike. The passengers aboard the St. Paul
bring discouraging reports from the Cape
Nome district. They say that the gold ■
there is hard (to find and of a poor j
quality.
The St. Paul left St. Michael on the j
ISth . and made an unusually fast trip )
down.
Two passengers died on the voyage, one
a Frenchman named Israel Desrosiera, j
who died of scurvy, and the other a miner ,
named J. A. Fischer, who had been in the !
Klondike region for several years, died or
locomotor ataxia. The St. Paul will dock
this morning.
SEVERE WINDSTORM
SWEEPS ST. MICHAEL
ST. MICHAEL, July 28.— The most se
vere summer windstorm seen here in
many years swept over this bay yester
day from early morning until nearly mid
night. Boats anchored in the • stream
were torn from their fastenings and
either swept ashore or sent flying si-a
ward. The direction of the wind was
southeast. Fortunately no lives were lost,
as the majority of the vessels wrecked
were small steamers, built in 1597 for the
Koyokuk rush and which since early
spring have been idle at anchor in the
bay.
Their owners In many instances have
either gone to Cape Nome or Golovin Bay,
giving up all hope of selling or leasing
their vessels. The damage will amount
to many thousands of dollars. Beginning
about 6 o'clock in the morning, the ve
locity of the wind Increased until it ap
proached a hurricane at noon. Ocean
craft and large river steamers tugged at
their ponderous anchors firmly rooted in
the mud, but try as he would the storm
king was unequal to the task and turned
attention to the smaller fry with great
success, as the beach for several miles
will testify.
The point of land on which the Alaska
Commercial Company's plant is built got
the full benefit of the wind and consider
able damage would have occurred had
though the major could have gone faster
he was not pushed. The time was too
slow to allow the record to come to Illi
nois, for the last quarter was made In :25.
When Taylor realized that more speed
was necessary he started to spurt and in
the homestretch he had gained the length
of thi- motor cycle and finished a yard to
the good. This record is the best ever
made in the "West.
McFADDEN AND GANS DRAW.
NKW YORK. Juiy 2S.— George McFad
den of New York and Joe Gans of Balti
more fought twenty-five rounds at a kill
ing pace In the arena of the Broadway
Athletic Cluh to-night to what Referee
John White called a draw. A majority of
the 5000 persons who packed the audito
rium of the cluh was of the opinion that
the colored lad from the southern city had
made a better showing, but the contest
had been so fast and interesting that
cheers alone greeted the close and the
decision.
COLUMBIA'S BAD LUCK.
HONOLULU, July 21.— The unfortunate
City of Columbia vainly endeavored to
reach Hongkong. She started and reached
the island of Nlihau in two days and then
returned to port.
The impression exists that she is enter
ing the list of sea coffins, but her owners
think differently and still keep tinkering
her up for the Valhalla of Hongkong.
Hunter Accidentally Shot.
PIiEASANTON, July 28.— Elsie McCann
of Uvennore, while hunting deer in the
Valpie Canyon beyond Sunol yesterday,
was accidentally shot. His rifle was left
standing against a tree, and while he
was lying down drinking from a spring
the ritle fell and was discharged, th>- ball
passing over his chest and through his
(jeft arm. McCann made a wild ridf on
horseback to Sunol, a distance of eight
miles, where a cart was secured, and then
he came to Pleasantnn. where the wound
was dressed by Dr. Hershiser.
Lambardi Confesses Judgment.
LOS ANGELES. July 28.— The suit for
$L\ r >o attorneys' fees brought by Martini &
Co. of San Francisco against the Lam
bardi Opera Company was deeidod by
Justice James this morning. Martini &
Co. obtained a judgment for $20. Lam
bardi confessed judgment ou that amount.
He had already paid $20 before leaving
San Francisco. The costs of the suit are
on Martini & Co.
Nuggets for Stanford Museum.
STAN I'd 111 > UNIVERSITY, July 28.—
J. James Hollister, Stanford, '9K. has re
turned from the Klondike in company
with Stewart Cotton, 'SB, and visited the i
campus. Hollister brought with him from :
the *'ape Nome mining district a collection
of valuable gold ore. dust and nuggets,
which he presented to the department of
geology and mining engineering, of which !
he Is a graduate.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
NEEDS FOREIGN TALENT
ATTORNEY C. STEEUE IMPORTED
FROM NEW YORK.
Herrin, the Mysterious, has evidently
found that the burden he is called upon
to bear as attorney for the Southern Pa
cific Company Is more than his frail and
sensitive nature can easily support. There
fore he has called in some one to help
■him. That some one is Charles Steele- of
the firm of Seward, Guthrie & Steele, law
yers of New York. It is not exactly plain
what particular portion of the Herrin bur
den Steele is retained to assume, but,
judging from the secrecy that is thrown
around his advent into this city and the
amount of work that is being done by his
stenographer by the aid of gaslight In
suite 50 of the fifth floor of the Palace Ho
tel, It Is evident that the aforesaid Steele's
share of th* load is to be of no small pro
portion.
When the Southern Pacific Company
start to import an extra attorney into
this State they do it in good style. In the
case of Steele, Mr. Herrin and a private
car were sent on to Denver to meet him
Nothing w|ts said in either the Denver
or the Salt Lake papers about the coming
together of these judicial stars, though
the incident was- of sufficient significance
to cause some comment. The reason for
this silence is possibly better known to
Herrin and the publishers of the papers
than anybody else. However, Mr. Her
rin secured his wise men from the East
and. carefully hiding him from the prying
eyes of reporters, whisked him into 'thfs
city yesterday morning behind the drawn
curtains of his private car, attached to a
local train.
Arriving at the Palace Hotel no less
secrecy was maintained. Mr. Steele was
given suite 50, on the fifth floor, without
having to undergo the formality of reg
istering. His baggage was sent up im
mediately afterward for fear that the
trunks might excite the curious specula
tion of the passerby. All these precau
tions proved futile, however, as it was
nut a short time before it was whispered
around that there was "something doin\"
and a reporter going to the desk inquir
ing of. the clerk as to which room Steele
not the greatest care been taken; as it
was the company lost its lately acquired
tugboat, the Anna Eva Fay, purchase!
last winter at Unalaska. and nearly lost
the fine large river steamer Margaret,
which was swept to sea several miles be
fore m-r captain could get her about.
The Margaret had a successful trip to
the troopship St. Paul, which also belongs
to the Alaska Commercial Company, ana
with a number of passengers aboard
started for the dock about noon. As sha
cast loose from the steamer the wind
caught her square astern and sent her
flying seaward. At that point it was use
less to attempt to put her about, and for
about ten miles she went along faster
than she lias ever gone before. The St.
Paul passengers and several of the crew
were almost washed overboard. During m
temporary lull she put about, and after
fighting the head wind she was driven into
a cove a mile from St. Michael and an
chored there for the night.
The stern-wheeler City of Paris, lately
purchased by the Alaska Exploration
Company, snapped her anchor chain and.
drifted rapidly to sea with two watchmen
aboard. Ah soon as possible the St. Paul
got under way and went to the res
cue, overtaking the Paris about ten
miles out. Owing to the high wind
and choppy sea, it was difficult t<>
get a line to the Paris, but this was finally
accomplished and the stern-wheeler pulled
back to port.
The tug Anna Eva Fay dragged her an
chor opposite the Alaska Commercial
Company's wharf and drifted on the rock 3
a few feet astern of the river steamer
Louise, which was firmly tied to the
wharf. All efforts to get the Fay off were
In vain, and she pounded to pieces in a,
few hours. The river steamer Dorothy.
owned by James Deitrieh, dragged her
anchor and went ashore, but there are
hopes that she can be saved. Along th<»
beach several other small steamers ai. i
numerous sloops and Yukon River boats
are total wrecks. Among the wrecked
craft i.s the steamer William MeKinl* y.
The river steamer Ana Wanda is smashed
to bits. _ _ ,
The May West and the . Seig are
also on the rocks. One of the fine new
barges belonging to the Alaska Explora
tion Company was blown to sea with a
Captain Brant and mate of the four
masted schooner Carrier Dove, while try
ing to row to the wharf, were upset, but
were pulled out, narrowly escaping
drowning. __
News of the storm at Cape Nome is
anxiously awaited. The barrenness of the
I. each upon which the city of Nome is
built and the high surf that conttnua y
rolls in will make the storm unusually
fatal to shipping. With such a wind as
prevailed here none of the dozen vi
| anchored off the city could have es-
| caped.
was occupying, that functionary said that
there was" no guest by that name in the
hotel. However, Herrin was later seen
coming out of Steele's apartments.
A subsequent inquiry of Mr. Herrin a=j
to the business of Mr. Steele in this city
brought thn rather astonishing answer
from Herrin that he "knew no such per
son as Steele at all." Be that as it may,
the fact remains that these two gentle
men nave been in close consultation on.
some scheme or other which, whatexer it
may be. is of sufficient importance to
keep a stenographer busy at his desk un
til tho "wee sma' hours" of the morning.
The stenographer, when seen at I
o'clock this morning, said; "Yes, Mr.
Steele did come out here in a private car.
But hp is not on business. Oh. no. He 13
merely making a summer tour of the dif
ferent points of interest on the coast."
The stenographer did not come with,
him. Steele just picked him up en route
as he was crossing a desert with his type
writer under his arm. Stople liked his*
looks and asked him to make the tour
with him. The stenographer was not em
ployed by Steele. He was merely working
at 1 o'clock in the morning because ha
hated to be idle.
Twenty-Ninth District Republican
Club.
TWENTY-NINTH DISTRICT RE
PUBLICAN CLUB— Advisory committee-
James I>hue, John Glynn. H. Lutgens. L.
Lyman and Charles Corey. The sama
trouble that bothers many of the other
clubs, that of securing a ball, caused this
club some anxiety, but finally a building
was secured at Sl9 Howard street.
Notwithstanding the fact that the meet
ing place of the club was unknown ta
many who were anxious to attend, thu
attendance was fairly large. An enroll
mfiit committee, in addition to the ad
visory committee, was appointed, consist
ing of the following members: W. F.
Freitz, James Flynn, J. Collins, J. Cava
r.augh and R. Williams. After the won.
of naming these committees had been
concluded an adjournment was taken
until Friday of next week.
Pledged Phelan and Dodge.
The Democrats of the Twenty-eighth
District met last nighr in the Leag>.- ■ f
the Cross Armory at Second and Folsom
streets, pledged themselves to pupporc
Phelan for Mayor and Dodge for As*---*
--sor and elected th>> following dele
gates, who were directed to vota
in accordance with the wishes of
the dub: D. J. Maxwell, M. J. Ryan,
George MoElroy, L. Hoey, M. Heaney.
Thomas Sears. K. F. Lacey, J. J. Greeley.
P. Hayes, William Peek. Charles Doran,
F. J. Cleary. William Casey, John Allen
and M. J. Brown. The club will me-t
again Tuesday night.
DARTING SHOOTING
PIS, PIS,
6- AwV^jH^^k
*T* HAT IS WHAT YOU HAVE WHEN TOUR
■ kidneys cease to work properly. - It is then
that the blood becomes laden with the Impuri-
ties that In health the kidneys would take
away.
_ Shooting pains, also pain or weakness la
back, designate kidney disease.
Perhaps it Is only kidney weakness, hut you
well know that kidney weakness brings "on
Bright s Disease and Diabetes. Now would you
not be very unwise to overlook the warning
symptoms? -•?.-•:»-.
For instance— headaches as in Fig puffl-
ness under eyes or swollen Hds, Fig t— palene»s
and emaciation. Fig. 3— all Indicate diseased
kidneys. HUDYAN will at once overcome
these symptoms, because HUDYAN strength-
tivft • eys and lnsure their perfect ac-
Again— palpitation of the heart. Fig. 4— Loss
of appetite and impaired digestion. Fig. S-
pain in back (mentioned above) Fig 6— and
ce i neral 7**?™"' Fig. 7-these all serve t*
tell you that your kidneys are at fault.
f '■ If you go on suffer.
1,,_., „ «.._ " " ' n S. If serious results
M EN AND take place, it will h "
WOMEN your own fault. HUD-
I ADVISED VAN is within your
FREE. reach— HUDYAN will
I Call or Write cure you - Medical
-♦• : i, men of distinction
Y H?-nVr? lflc for all «££•&•£. HUD "
P~£S?l?.£ £*£& & , d 2 7o KglSt9 ' ** *
«JJ* Ur , dr , ««' st doea not keep HUDYAN.
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.
Francisco Cal 0 "' E "' and Market Sts ' San
TOR? rB T Sp |ULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
I"I'S ABO! T YOUR CASE - FREE riR"
.CHARGi;. CAj,l/ok WRITE.MAD WITH LOVE
FOR OUR BLANCHE
•*■ r piTTTvrrp i, mad with ; ov* for Blanche Bates. He wrote her a
A v t*-^'-^ l -- a '- •■;'*„.„'_ •„ W hirh he told her so. and incidentally re-
A mlk™ Sdun&ss shefmarried; him he Bates. He wrote BaHin
-
M gervft^nt'w<SS frightened our Blanche and she turned the love
1 1 misslVe^vlr to Frawley. who forthwith called in the police and had the
Ballin-«r>JeJt:^«rfl?infi raided cell in the Receiving Hospital wait-
Ing for°hS friend; Alex Greggalns. to come and --square it for him.
he had half a dozen letters on his person written by
n ' e ,^vn' 'V , ril purporting to CO] from wealthy young women or
tfi&Z SSISSKheyiSS thl'privilege of laying their respective for
:;:^: ■;■•.;; SSSgr f4t.{one -••■--• _ ■ had fondly written to
' t ° l "• ' c it-Rlanche Bay* " ar.d ran as follow,
himself was signed Blanche t«ue>. anu c ,
7 „., -- t „-•■ you a *y«3 diarr.ond rin* enclosed in rackace. M*»t m*
i-sr Ind.an.Kt - - BLANCHE.
a i Wti'in^or is *bou^ W years old. married ar.d has two children. He imag- .
■ Z if L^VrVaHnu^list and is in the habit of referring to himself as
and foot racer." Since Miss Bate," recent
the California Theater she has received numerous letters from the
Slanted -man all ramblingly though mildly conveying his love for her. No
dtmemea mi. •• -• • ■ - - . v missives. Miss Bates concluding they
Etfntinn. however, *a.- pa. a t w -
t r y,. work of some practical jes.er.
"On- Thursday ! eVeninglthe following note was received, the contents of
whi?h thoroSwy frightened the actress and resulted in landing Ballinger In
-
ja:l: j.^^- 2 -, is».
Miss BUnch- B*t«: Al Ba!lin«er. >"our only kid. I will be in the front sedi.
T .. .'";,^. j'V;:., you Wknt v-.u to marry me. ar.d If you refu^ I shall kUi my
.'•? • Xow ' E - Piselar has offered n? half er fortu to rr.arry her. Now. make
cp'ycur mind~ana let We knc^ what yon ar» ?oing to do. From.yonrs truly.
"•*•"■ T HE INDIAN KID. Chamrlor. ■ Boxer ar.i Fooi Racer.
P. ? -Ten m::::on ktose. xo the srntest actr«s of the age.
8a . .;„_.,_ ..-esterday took his enforced detemion calmly, and mockingly re
f ed err to it a<= a "job." "It's this way.'" he explained: "Blanche is dead stuck
on me Sin fact she hai been for the pas: two years, ever since I ran the race
with a 'a"-t ho-** and won. Lately she has been annoying me." he went on.
"wanti^r me to take her to prize fights. I had to refuse-ifs no place to take
ladv— ar.d ever since the management has been dead sore about :t. Sne
>. -^ t L'- valuable presents of jewels, and while she was in Los Angeles
- _-„ f orW a' r c!ed me a diamond* horseshoe vahied at J30.0C0: I'm sorry the girl is
b O v«. uc jj on me." he concluded, "but I can't help it. I'm a champion, you
nC Ba ! ! : -j'- will come up for examination before the Insanity Commissioners
jqj- mor ning About two years ago the •'champion" was committed to Stock
ton "; but r was discharged after a veryshort stay there.
MAIL STEAMER
MOANA ARRIVES
FROM AUSTRALIA
Ship Hawaiian Isles in
a Storm.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail |
et earner Moar.a arrived from Sydney. N. t
F '.v via Auckland. N. Z.: Apia. Samoa.;
and Honolulu. H. 1., yesterday morning, j
The vessel made good time to Hawaii, so j
Captain Carey did not hurry her the last j
part of the voyage: so she took 6 days li j
hours to come from Honolulu. She brought j
up the following cabin passengers:
From Sydney-Mr. and Mrs. I. C. Nlchol- i
son, H. W. Peters. I. I. Pannelee. W. G. j
Chant. W. Ha'.sey. Dr. H. Biesui. I. M. :
Nea.ll. S Howell, H. L. Friediander. Ed- !
gar Straus. A. D. Fisher, A. Flashki; Miss |
At Duncan. Miss Caru.
From Auckland-W. W. Fettlt. Mrs. W.
R. Russell. C. I. N. Russell. T. A. Black.!
Gabriel Lewis. R. Kirkland. A. Kirkland. ;
Mr. Tillwright, C. A. Green, John Cook,
j.-^^^ Apia — Judge Chambers. Mrs.
Chamb'-rs. Misses Chambers, Master
-
From Honolulu — Mrs. Robinson, Miss
Gay. C. Kaiser. D. R. Bagley. D. Ccuvan. |
H. Klngham: Mrs. Logali, Captain Foster. ;
v if- and child; J. M. Oat. A. C. Pauismier.
F L*e L. GuistarJ, Charles Gibson, wife
and child; D. M. Ross. Mrs. E. J. A Fry- ■
ant. Mrs. H. K. Cooke. Miss Coone. E k.
Bull ' W Wiitiey. Mrs. Williams. Mrs.
. w u a 'rn..- 'Mr. Jones. J. B. Hughes. E. M. ;
Elkns J C. Streiss and wife. Mrs. Gra- ■
ham. Miss Ransom; Miss . Slurgo. Miss '
P-r.r.i? R- Lewis ana w.fe. W . H. Luvors, •
\[ r c c Walters and child, Mi=3 Rank'.n. j
Miss Nape. Miss A. Holt, Mis? L^Holt.-
Mi« s E Holt; Mrs. Palmer and two daugh- !
"^ r "« w M Rudeaval. C. Christian. Mrs.
E E Mosman and child. T. Smalley, Cap
tain Matson; Miss Humphrey-.
Chief Justice Chambers Of Samoa has
come home for good. The trouble with :
the' natives has been adjusted, and the:
commissioners are coming home on the
Badger. The warship was still at Apia, j
hut was preparing to come to San Fran-
Cisco when the Moana left. The Brutus j
was at Honolulu when the mail boat was
there, ar.d was loading coal to go to j
Guam Eirar Straus Is a California boy ■
who ha= made quite a name for himself
In Australia as a 'cello player. He has i
com* home for a rest. Miss Lena Carey ;
i.s the daughter of Captain Carey of the ;
Moar.a. and i.- making a round trip with j
her father. The Moana brought up £00,
--000 in treasure.
Chief Officer R. M. Farmer not come
>ack with the Moana. He hae been pro
moted, and ;= now master of the steamer .
Flora. He wfll be missed, as he was a
great favorite on the run. and had a host '
of friend.- in San Francisco. ;
Purser G. A. Hodson is back with the ;
mail boat, and is the same genial, whole- j
souled officer he proved himself to be on j
his fir^t visit to San Francisco.
The Moana spoke the Mariposa, which |
left here on June 13 at 1 a. m. The!
steamer was slowed down, as Captain j
Havward had not been able to take an j
observation for two days, owing to the !
sun being completely hidden by the smoke J
that arose from the volcano on the -land
of Hawaii. Captain Carey saw the smoke I
in the heavens when the Moana was a '
thousand miles away from the scene. ■ |
The Moana brings the news that the ;
ship Hawaiifan Isles, owned in San. Fran- i
ci«co. had a hard time of it during the j
voyage from Chemanius, B. C. to Mel
bourne with lumber. On May 2S she was
caught in a hurricane. All the sail was
off the vessel with the exception of the !
fore and main lower topsails.. But even '
these proved to be too much.' a squall I
struck the ship and at the same time-. a j
huge wave broke over the starboard Quar- j
ter. It carried away the lashings of the
deckload and considerable of the lumber :
was washed overboard. Stanchions were
broken.' the bulwarks forward of the
mizzen mast were bulged out. the bridge •
and the topgallant bulwarks were washed '
away and the fore lower topsail was torn
Into ribbons. The Hawaiian Isles finally
reached port without any more mishaps. i
The four-masted British bark Otterburn
arrived at Sydney. S. S. \V.. while the
Moana was "there with the shipwrecke-i
crew of the Italian bark Maria C aboard:
The Otterburn was from Xew York, and
on March 20 Captain Benson saw the dis
tress signals flying from the wreck of the
Maria C. It was blowing a gale, but not
a moment was wasted in heading the
Otterburn for the sinking bark. A boat
was lowered, and. after many narrow es
capes from destruction Captain Seotto (M
Uccio ar.d ten of his crew were rescued.!
As sc-on as they found themselves in
safety on the deck of the Oti-:rburn they
fell on their knees and returned thanks to
Providence for their deliverance. None
of them could talk English, so they signed
• to Captain Benson that there were still
two lives on the sinking craft. One of
the ship's boats was again lowered and
manned and the crew just got it alongside
the Maria C in time to take off a dog and
a cat before the vessel went down. Soon
after ' this i an Italian vessel bound for
Europe was spoken, but the captain re
fused point blank to take his countrymen
home, so Captain Benson had to take
them on to Australia. The Maria C was
bound from Marseilles for Portuguese
Central Africa, but was caught in a series
of gales and would have taken her crew
down with her in another hour had not
the Otterburn come along.
Jackson-street wharf was so crowded
with river steamers yesterday that th*s
Napa boats could not land their frieght.
In consequence ........ vacant
berths south of Market street and send
for teams to come and take the fruit
away. The Harbor Commissioners visited
Jackson street when the jam was at its
worst, and next Tuesday they will devise
RUNNING BEFORE A HURRICANE.
While on her way from Puget Sound to Australia the San Francisco owned
ship Hawaiian Isies had a hard time of it In a storm. One wave broke over the
starboard quarter and swept away all the lashings of the deckload of lumber.
Not content with that, it brok«> stanchions like ptpestCTM. bulged out the bul
warks, carried away the bridge and topgallant bulwarks and tore some of the
sails into ribbons.
THE SAN FBASCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 29. 1899.
MURDER IS THE
CHARGE MUSCAT
IS NOW FACING
Killing o. c Miss De
Sanchez Retold.
THREE WITNESSES EXAMINED
THE ACCUSED LISTENS TO THEM
CALMLY.
Strong- Probability the Defense Will
Try to Shift the Blame of
the Deed to De
ceased.
Ellas Muscat, the sailor accused of
shooting and killing Sophia B. de Sanchez
on July 2 in the grocery at 301 Broadway,
had his preliminary examination before
Police Judge Mog-an yesterday afternoon.
He was represented by Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson.
The tragic story connected with the
alleged murder is still fresh m the public
mind. Muscat was consorting with the
deceased for me months before her
death and was madly jealous of her. He
met her in the grocery at 11 lock on
July 2. and ... pair had had a
stormy row N. Blanken. who Is "the pro
prietor of the place, heard several pistol
shots. He went into the bar of the
grocery and found Miss de Sanchez lying
on the floor, dead. The defendant en
deavored to shoot • • self, and had a
smoking pistol in his hand, but Blanken
grappled /with him and manaeed to ob
tain possession of the revolver. The ar
- -• of Muscat followed, ■-■'■■ he was
thereafter held to answer to a charge of
murder by the Coroner's Jury.
The witnesses called by the prosecution
yesterday were Peter* Casaviello. N.
B'.ar.ken'and Dr. J. I- Zabala. the physi
cian who performed the autopsy for the
Coroner. Th^ir testimony was exactly in
line with that grfven before the Coroner.
Casavieilo stated that Muscat and the
deceased had lived ii his lodging house
at I3HH& Stockton street for several weeks
before the alleeed murder. They had fre
quent rcws, and defendant one time when
crunk said to witness that he would kill
th* deceased.
N. Blanken, the owner- of the store
where the murder was committed, de
scribed how he heard the shots fired in
the rear of his establishment; his discov
ery of the deceased and his successful
stfugri- with the defendant to obtain the
revolver.
Dr. Zabala went over the gruesome de
tails of the autopsy. The effective bullet
had entered through the mouth and into
the brain. The bullet was called for. Dr.
Zabala had forgotten to bring it with him.
and an abrupt continuance was taken
until next Tuesday at 11 o'clock, when the
bullet will be presented as an exhibit in
the case.
Muscat is a stout, stolid German with
a pitsasant face, who hardly approximates
the traditional idea of the low-browed
murderer. Yesterday's testimony did not
?eem to affect his composure, although
he listened to it all attentively.
The plan of his defense has not been
made ciear by the tactics of his attorney
— cross-examination, although some of
the questions asked yesterday would seem
to indicate that an attempt will be made
to prov-=> that the deceased attempted to
shoot Muscat, or else that he accidentaliy
shot the d.-'c^ased while she was strug
gling with him to secure the pistol and
prevent him from killing himself. These
theories, in the face of the evidence
brought out by the testimony taken be
fore the Coroner's jury. seem hardly ten
able, however, ar.d it" looks as though
Muscat will have a hard legal run for his
life by and by.
some means to give all the river steamers
quick dispatch.
The steamer Lakme. which was afire a
few days ago. was not as badly damaged
a> was'at first supposed. About S7OOO will
• pay for the repairs, and inside of three
weeks she will be running again.
Captain William Olsen has purchased
: the schooner Lena Sweasey and is now
fitting h^r out for the Mexican trade.
Captain Johnson of the Martha W. Tuft
will command the Lena Sweasey.
Chief Officer Ross of the Newport, who
left that vessel just before she sailed for
Manila; has been made chief officer of the
Colon. Chief Officer Reid of that vessel
"i- going to take a vacation.
The American ship Servia. now out
f.fty-six day? from New York for San
• Francisco, was spoken r.n July 10 in lati
tude •> degrees S4 minutes west by the
British steamer Hermes, with. her mizzen
topmast head gone.
The little river steamer Sea Gull was
: righted by the wrecking schooner Cata
lina yesterday. She will be pumped out
and overhauled, after which she will go
; into commission again.
The Medal Fund.
following "
kery:
-
- N. S. G. W-. WJ, ar.d W. S.
- I
DEATH OF A FORMER
CONSUL OF SWEDEN
FM. PETERSEN of the firm of F.
M. Petersen & Co.. brokers and
I agents for the San Juan and
Qulntera mining- companies, died
yesterday morning: at his residence at
1203 Golden Gate avenue quite sudden
ly. Frederick Meredln Peterson wa-3
born in Hamburg in :•--: .- • about 23
or 24 years of ac he went out to the
city of Vera Cruz. Mexico, where he
became a partner in a firm engaged
extensively In the Importation of Man
chester cottons, German and French
dry goods, etc. After carrying on a
large business for many years Petersen
retired from the firm, their operations
having 1 been rendered unprofitable
through the depreciation in Mexican
silver. In Vera Cruz he married the
eldest daughter of the late Dr. Trow
*- :_- who was for many years
United State? Consul in that city.
Peter?en himself was for a long time
Consul General of Sweden and Norway
at Vera Cruz, and for his services re
ceived from King Oscar the decoration
of the Swedish order of Wasa. After
leaving V«ra Cruz be accompanied Dr.
— - -,%--■ ..- and his family to Decatur.
111., and thence came to California,
where the doctor settled at N'apa.
Owing to his Intimate knowledge of Mexican affairs and the Spanish lan
guage be became agent in San Francisco for the San Juan Mining Company
of Las Flores. Lower California." and for the Quintera Mining Company of Los
Alamos, In the State of Sonora, Mexico. He also carried on the business of a
custom-house broker. Two years ago. owing to an affection of the throat, he
lost his voice and underwent the operation of tracheotomy, which was to a
certain extent successful. In fact, he advanced so far on the road to recov
er}' that the silver tube which had been Inserted in his throat was removed,
and on Thursday he went down to hie office, at 506 Battery street, and ar
ranged to be there again yesterday morning. On Thursday evening he ate a
good dinner and played some games of billiards. After retiring to bed the peo
ple in the house were aroused by a scream, and entering his room found him
tearing off a bandage from his throat. He expired almost at once in the pres
ence of his wife and the landlord of the house at about 12:30 a. m. yesterday.
His sudden decease will be much regretted by many friends. He had no chil
dren, and his widow has for some time resided with her own family at Napa.
For several years he was associated with Fred Holmes, the ship broker, who
recently went to England to establish his claim to an estate known as Rain
hi!l Tlal! rear LivemOOl.
HE CASHED HIS
WARRANT WITH
FOUR BROKERS
Jack Fitzgerald Is in
Trouble Again.
DISCOVERED BY THE AUDITOR
HTS EIRST (DEFENSE OCCURRED
EIGHT MONTHS AGO.
The Speedy Deputy Got S2OO on a
SSO Demand and Four Shylocks
Are Wondering How to
Get Even.
"Bis; Jack" Fitzgerald, head bookkeeper;
in the Sheriff's office under "VVhelan's ad- S
ministration and recently discharged from i
Assessor Dodge's employ, is the latest !
City Hall employe to go wrong with the ■■
money brokers. It was discovered in the i
Auditor's office yesterday that he had hy- !
pothecated his August warrant for ISC '5 |
with four different money lenders, realiz- j
ing by the transaction something over J
O). Just what action his victims will [
take they have not ... but it is |
likely to be nothing of a more serious na- j
ture than civil process, as it has been j
proved before that there is no law to sus- j
tain a criminal action in such cases.
Fitzgerald has been a unique figure in
Democratic politics for some years past.
His rise to political standing was as sud
den as it was surprising From the posi
tion of page at the Hammarh baths he ;
jumped to the dignity of one of the lead-
Ing lieutenants of the Democratic bosses
h.< well as to prominence in National
Guard affairs. His interest in military mat
ters and his political influence have twice
taken him to the Legislature in the inter- ;
est of National Guard legislation, in which
he has usually been successful. The con
nections he has made, however, have been
of a somewhat expensive character, and it :
is said he has lived a month or so ahead
of his income for some time.
His latest transgression is not his first.
He was mixed up in a similar affair while
bookkeeper under Sheriff Whelan. Short
ly before "Pete" McGlade took his sensa
tional slide down the political toboggan
Fitzgerald was found to be over $!•» short'
In his accounts, and all that saved him at ;
that time was his ability to make it good
when called upon to do so by the Auditor.
The shylocks who will suffer by his
overdraft in this case are Bier & Riegens
burger, Hawley, Gruhn and Judah Boas.
MOURNS FOR HIS GEM.
Wallie Levy Robbed of a Valuable
Diamond by Two Women.
Grade Foster, a r -
woman, was arrested last night by De
e Anthony and charged with jrrani
larceny. Last Saturday r - tGt ■ ani
■ • ■ ■. • m the poU
the Ifirror sal
K-.-.r md engaged Wallie Levy,
the proprietor, in -- itlon. Levy
■wore a magnificent diam ring >n his
finger, and In deference to the wlsl
the worner. he took it off and allowed
[hem I ie at it.
While they were examining the r:re
Levy was called away. He remained only
a few minutes, and on hi? return to the
m.-.m occur I *'! v Grade and her compan
- was Burprised to find that they
had flown, taking his ring with them.
Levy lost no time in notifying the •
but "ir was not until last evening that D- -
tectiv- Anthonj ' a trace of the
frail Grade. He found her in a saloon on
Pacific street and placed her undt-r ar
rest. At the City Prison she claimed that
- ... • er friend, whom
she knows only aa
In the Divorce Court.
Ella F. Loehr has been granted a dl
vorce from George W. Loehr on the
ground of infidelity. Decrees of divorce
were also granted E. B. Jackson from
Mary E Jackson on the ground of intem
perance: Noves Wlrt from Mary Win. for
desertion: Nellie Beveridge from James
Beveridse on the ground of desertion, and
Thomas R. Simpson from Georg
Simpscn on the ground of desertion. Suits
for divorce on the ground of intemper
ance have been filed by Edward Brendage
against Julia Brendage and Franz L.
Manasse against Emma Manasse.
Street Car Route Changed.
Beginning on Tuesday. August 1. the
operation "f the Carl-street car line will
be discontinued and the service upon its
.■- will be performed by the Ferries.
Park and Ocean line, which will run from
the corner of Powell and Eddy streets.
The westerly terminus of the Ellis and
O'Farrell-stfeet line will be made at the
corner of Stanyan and Fredrick streets,
a" which point transfers will be given to
the Ferries. Park and Ocean line.
To-Day's
News Letter presents all the current
news of the week in mnst attractive
form; original stories, editorials on the
death of Ingersoll. the returning volun
teers, the growth of fake shows in Pan
Francisco, social happenings, spark*,
jokelets about prominent business men
of the city. A handsome full page half
tone of Tempi-? Emanu-El goes with every
number.
Ten cents, of ail dealers. •
THE LATE F. M. PETERSEN.
"BRICK" DOLAN
HARBORS MANY
BOGUS VOTERS
His Hotel a Joint for
Stuffers.
NINETEEN NAMES ON THE LIST
ELECTION COMMISSION CITES
THEM TO APPEAR.
•Fresno" Fahey Produces a Lot of
Bad Ones — Reward of 5250 Of
fered for Conviction of
Election Law Breakers.
- - ' - wh o
g stafl
se at €75 Hot t w;:h
voters for i g primaries, appeared
before the E ----- -erg yester
day morning inar.swertoa citation to come
fn and explain as to some of his ::
. ....
tv hen ques
tioned was unable to explain. There were
f his house who
■ - ring' the past n-p-:k about
■ ■
■ were
tak*=n by the comi - / will
■ J teli upon
oath tv - Ived In the
■
"Fresno" Fahey, who conducts the
Cosmopolitan H -. also
came in to render an account. He was
able to ex: g . the facts
: =even
red. Three
ly stricken
from the register - were
who have
■rdered to appear do so or not. a
-
tion da i challenged the
moment they attempt I R _-;s:rar
Steppacher now has eight of his deputies
strict:
in a search for Illegal registi
big cleanup is expected by the last of 1
g week. To facilitate the cleai
of th»- register tl m lisa n decided to
off^r a reward :. for the arrest and
:v ot any
infract I I • primary -.»■?.
Mr. Steppacher and the commission de
sire to impress upon those wh > have been
selected as election officers the al -
n hand on elec
tion day. To this and with a view to
waking up the bes: citizens of the city I J
resence at the
■ ■mmissioii adopted the follow
[ng n - . :::on:
Resolved. That the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners earnestly re
quests all citizens who have been se
lected as election officers for the pri
mary election to be held on Tuesday,
August 8. 1890. to accept the service
and call at the Registration Office
withcut delay to be sworn in. in the
interests of a fair and honest pri
mary.
Employers are requested to g^rant
permission to any of their employes
who have been chosen to serve as offi
cers of election.
BEAUTIES OF THE RHIXE.
Illustrated Lecture Before the Cali-
fornia Camera Club.
The one hundred and tenth illustrated
lecture gtw • under the auspices of the
California Camera Club was delivered
last night at Metropolitan Temple by \V.
S. Stevenson. The subject of the lecture
was The Rhine in History and Legend,''
and the scenes which were displayed upon
a large screen excited the admiration of
a large audience. Mr. Stevenson In an
interesting manner described Cologne and
its cathedral, the Nibelungenlied. the
Drachenfels. the Lorelei. Heidelberg Cas
tle and incidents which have made the
river famous.
During an intermission Miss Marie
Louise Heppner rendered a soprano solo,
entitled "The Vainka's Son*:," accom
panied by Miss Ethel Ladd.
A Few More.
Opportunities v> visit El Campo this sea
son and then the resort will be closed
until another year. Eighteen hundred and
ninety-nine has been far in advance of
preceding years in point of attendance
and a. remarkable feature of it all has
been that there has not been an acci
dent of any description in handling the
crowds on the big ferry st-amer and in
the grounds. It's a safe and a very de
iish:ful place to go for a Sunday* out-
Lng.
Internes Disagree.
There exists a disagreement between
Drs. Sunburnt and Boskwitz. two ap
pointees to ward duty as internes in the
City and County Hospital from the Col
lege of Physician? and Surgeons. Dr. Sun
burnt ordered Dr. Boskwitz out of h!s
ward, refused to serve with him and yes
terday sent his resignation as an interne
to Dr. Sussdorf. the resident physician.
Dr. Susudorf awaits the action of the Col
lege of Physicians and Surgeons in the
matter. ,
JTHE EMPORIUM.
Grand T?Hl3|£ ?^il?l>Al&9E i^skM Rusk * tne Z
TON ight " W Oold^n^nle Bazaar, T "ll Exhibits «
at 7:30. CAurofiniAS Americas CAAnDCsrsrof*:. Daily. ♦
Professor {Montague's Great "Bird Hip- J
podrome and Circus — exhibits every I? ♦
minutes between the hours of 10 to 12 a. in. *
and 2 toy p. m. Children and grown %
folks alike delighted with this novel per- J
tormance. *
SATURDAY ONLY. \
■ - - *
: <♦
Special Sales nW**&B**mr*. Some fine ♦
of Men's and LrfOIIM GSm School Suits J
Boys' Good w»w««-w»^« To-Day at $2.65. J
y^S^ Boys' 54.00 and $4.50 Strong ♦
f-r^i School Suits, $2.65 — for this *
V*£jt7 day O/f/y— Double-breasted Coats, Knee J
I Jr Pan. s— strictly all-wool fabrics, in the newest
Jrr^y[ and prettiest patterns of this season, thoroughly ♦
/^^R?'L^s. tailored and every suit warranted in all re- <•
/z£z^^\. specta— about 100 left, in sizes from 9t015 ♦
/ k*o / \^ years — while the quantity lasts the special price *
/ V \ will be • • $2.65 J
/I J i o JSe-C] Clearance of Men's $7. 50 and Z
aIR I rC/^ $10.00 Summer Suits for $5.85 *
Si^WVij ci 1/X i — Our entire guaranteed line of Men's All- Wool
(tiyl'7 ? ° TvS" 1 '• Sack Suit 3 for summ;r— those that were $7.50 ♦
/£-*f\ T flir- 'I and 510.00— many pleasin? sty!e3— all well •♦
jf^^jfj I I I 5- H made and well trimmed — materials strictly all ♦
As.^/l/r "I =^' 1 I'M wool and will hold color and shape to the finish J
\s^ 1 A / — ali sizes, at the very special price to clo?e oat J
I i\ ' at once $5.85 X
Last Day of 4Tb»***it*>** the Montgomery ♦
Sale of the &fi*£SBM&M Street Men's *
Stock of * Furnisher. J
25: Washable Four-in- Hinds, 1Oc; *% Siik Neckwear, 15c; *
20c buk Bows for turndown collars, 3 for 25c; tot Cambric *
Handkerchiefs lor sc; ip Seamless Black Sox lor 1Oc; ?oc «
Unlaundered Shirts for 35c; 75 Stanley Shirts {Boys) ;or J
38c; ~yc and 85c Fr+ncn Percale Shirts /or 39c; Sr.oo %
Launuered Shirts tor 68c ; $1.25 Wool Shirts and Drawers -9
for 83c; etc., etc. *
♦
Last Day of &4m****MW LM*%4** Ha ' 3 For ?
Sale of the il!23Zs Youths. J
Summer Stosk Boys, Men J
To-day onlv — one- third off our regular prices on our entire stock of ♦
(Men's, Youths' and Boys' Straw Hats; all the popular iBgg J
blocks : plain, fancy braids, regularly 25c to $3.oo— prices ncrx ♦
from 17c to $2.00 each. * J
Big Special Special Sate I
juVam'a <?#»^i#=>cr Ribbons* J
BVEGn 9 m9n€o9S9m Fancy P. bbon3> thia season's high nore:- «
These at St*9s c^y ( t '* s> exce^ eni qualities, very desirable ♦
To-Day f Satur" jL'V styles, widths 9% to 4--. inches, regu- v
day, Only* /TV y^> larly 25c and 3'3c yard, to-day only — ♦
Men's dark chocolate /f jr\// — • — - '£° *
color Vici Xii Lace / ;^>»i — __— _— J
Shoes, new Savoy toes A \ %JS^ <-»_«•»'«• * * _ , Z-
ike cut, sewed soles, \m!^\ On Sale Saturday UK.V. J
■Sir^SSl'S*^ J^\ Side Supporters. ;
braced in the h ; gaer 4 " \ Lindsay's new side loop and pin Support- <>
priced lines, all s z?3. 'A er3> in black or white, with felt but- ■•
sold regularly at $2 50 a4/^^^V ton cla3p and superior quality of elas- ♦"
pair, special Saturd^v \ I t:c - s^ 253 *** ft children from sto 15 "J
on ly. $f*9s J ! years of 2 a . to-day only, per pair.flc *
for Saturday Ok.:. *
Sale Of For Satur day Only. *
Lace Curtains* Band Bows |
The Bg- store offers 125 pairs good and *
Lace Curtains, 3 yards long.l Si fin Ties. ♦
36 inches wide, ecru or white, Grecian *9** m "& * "^^^" , ♦
border, good strong net, at the very >»^~" >^" > V. Your choice of <"
special price for to-day only, per pair- 1 oLm*Tr'£\ our entire line *>
Z • •' 47c 1^ /V/ of ladies' 2sc «
• — /v^r*> '-i> String Tie 3 ♦
To-Day Onto. L -•CJ and Band ♦
Special Sale V^2 [SlLf*" 1 -*
Curtain Gnaws. //^^T^^X ■'"■'** b - th 5
650 pairs Curtain Chains, worth '(fo~^W :^' \ "' n pique and «
re.-ularly from 12* c to 50c pair, en y&^i *( '£f\' y s'-'-k, lor to " *
special sale to-day, per pair \\A % .PAv\ day only, each *
.' -.5C an: 8g *" *. e3ch...~/So ♦
Sale Children's Handkerchiefs. ;
150 dozen Colored Hemstitched School Handkerchiefs in r.-r. patterns, '.-inch <f>
hems, to day eaci 4c, or per dozen - ,4-So ♦
Complete Stock €& *•* Sm ** *r* B Supplies at *
School Books &GMMOOB Temptingly «
and Other Low Price*. ♦
The special School Book Department is open — main aisle, back of, £
rotunda. All of the books that will be used in the Primary V
Grammar and High Schools, and all classes of School Supplies 2
will be found on sale there at the right prices to pay. ♦
L^'M _^_.
A NEW HUMANE MOVE.
Pasture for Old Horses and Home for
Stray Dogs.
The ladies of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals are meeting
with great success In organizing the
Bands of Mercy, the movement finding
special favor among- the children of the
public schools. From what has been ac
complished it is believed that within a
very short time every pupil of these
schools will be enrolled with the bands.
At a meeting of the society an interest
in? paper was read by Miss McGraw
which give* some idea of the aims and
objects of the organization, and suggest
ing the introduction of a decidedly novel
feature of humane work in this city. She
said in part:
The Bud of Mercy i 3 to the Society P. C.
A. what the Sabbath-schooi Is to the church,
and it Is became the society realized its pow
erle«sn^ss to reach all cases and all .onus
of cruelty to animals that It has tasen up
thl* form of "humane education. hoping
much in future from the children of the pres
ent ' Th- society has long realized that the
greatest number of cases of cruelty to animals
with which it has to deal are cases arislnsr
from ignorance and thoughtlessness on the
-art of the persons committing the cruei
acts.. We recognize the fact that If we are
going to these children with theories they
re going to examine us to see if we are liv
ing up •-, these theories.
It 1<« said that the women members of the
society must turn to thetr brother members
about the coursing, the pigeon shooting . and
the vivisection arising in our midst, because
thes« things must be fought and we have long
been told that women must not "fight." so
we appeal to the men of the society to put
down these things and we will educate the
children, open a pasture for tired, overworked
horses and a home for stray dogs. Now this
matter of the pasture and of the home for
dogs is net an impractical idea at all. The
work Is being done in England and to some
extent in the United States, there being a
number of societies P. C A. that have homes
for dogs. But the San Francisco society has
the chance to have the* name, the fame and
the honor of being the first society in tbfl
Vnlted States to - .-■ a pasture for the tired,
overworked, faithful, long-neglected horses.
Sans Souci Parlor.
District Deputy Mary Blakely. with
' Miss M. Crelgh as grand marshal, in
'< stalled the following officers ; of Sans
Souci Parlor. Native Daughters of the
'■■ Golden West, last night in Devisadero
i Hall: Emma Wesslinsr. r>ast president;
■ Mamie Brown, president; Sarah Osterman.
Minnie Gunzendorfer and Georgie Stout,
vice presidents; Minnie Dobbins, record
ing secretary; Alice Hanson, financial sec
■ retary; Alma Lunstedt. treasurer; Nellie
; Clark, marshal; Kate Brandlein. outside
• sentinel; Emma Clark. Bertha Quinn and
I Nellie Littlejohn. trustees. Emma Wess
-1 ling, the retiring president, was presented
[ by the parlor with a fine silver-backed
dressing case. Mrs. Gur.zendorfer. retir
, ing treasurer, was presented with a jardl
nier ard stand, and the district deputy
I was showered with flowers, all as tokens
, of appreciation.
THE EMPORIUM.
READY FOR THE FETE.
San Francisco and San Mateo Rail
road Makes Improvements in
Its Road to Glen Park.
The San Francisco and San Mateo Rail
road ha.« completed elaborate arrange
ments to provide for the crowds which are
expected to attend the Pacific Turn
Bezirk. which will be held at Glen Park
the last two days of this month. The
double track of the road has been fin
ished to Glen Park, into which it runs.
Four very large cars have been received
from the General Electric Company. These
cars will furnish a novelty to the coast
on electric brakes, which re the latest
and most powerful brakes in existence.
While they are very much more expensive
than the other brakes they .are exception
ally effective.
Ten smaller cars have also been ob
tained. As it is not necessary to use eiec
trie brakes on these cars the regulation
brakes have been used. These additions
to the service and the laying of the
double track insure adequate transporta
tion facilities for the big fete day.
STOP DRUGGING!
/ if//
. *■- i ' '
If you have drugged till you are sick of
drugging and it has failed to bring bene-
fit, stop it. Try Electricity, which is a
natural cure. My system of electrical
treatment is the "outgrowth of twenty
years of study. It is a success. Th-
Dr. McLaughlin Method
Is recognized by, physkians as the most
common-sense method of applying Eiec-
; iricity. You wear my Belt while you
I sleep. You feel it curing, cut it does not
disturb your rest.
Call and test it free, or send for mj new
booklet describing the method.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin
702 Market St.. cor. Beany. S. F. ;
Burdlck Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sts.. Los Angel«».
Office Hours— a. m. to 5:30 p. m.:
Sundays. 10 to L NEVER SQLiD lit
DRUG STORES.
56
SATURDAY JULY 29, 1899
*OHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868. /. -,-■_■/,
EDITORIAL ROOM« 2IT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including: Sunday Call), on« '-year $6.0<
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month '....1:;........, «»«
SUNDAY CALL One Year .;.... 1.00
WEEKLY CALL One Year...:.l ......;..'.'.... 1.00
Ail postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
,_ — : _ ■•. ■ . .
OAKLAND OFFICE :.:........ 908 Broadway
— ; — : — *— :■■.'..,■-:.. ■ ■•• -
. C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Maaater Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago..
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON ...v. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LUKENS JR.......... .......29 Trtbuno Building
CHICAGO NEWS 6TANDS.
Bherrns-a House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
FVemont House; Auditorium Hotel.
i ,V. : ';!..> y
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Hotel; A. Brentano. tl Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. _^ ' '-
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ........Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent. •
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Cray,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock-
ISAI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2** l Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open untir 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Heart sease."
California— "Mine Sans Gene."
i Ir] ::■■;;:' '- IU levlUe.
Tlvoli— "AVane. "
Alcazar— "Fa u?t."
Grand Opera House— "Faust."
CJiutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle :' Manila Bay.
Sutro K.i;h< Swimming Races, etc.
Union Coursing Park— Cou ins to-day.
Recreation Park I.aseball To-day.
Glenn Park— Grand perform.-mr- M-itnirnn;.
AUCTION SALES.
By C P Troy & Co.— This day and evening, at 2 and 8
md Japanese Fancy Goods, at 39 Geary street.
By Easton, Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday. August 1, at i 2
- t "'-••■•; Estate, at Market stre.".
MOBS AND MORMONISM.
THE Mormon is a missionary church. Like its
more approved fellows in the family of sects,
it feels the impulse of a mission to carry its re
vs cult among the Gentiles. To this end it sends
every year to several ends of the earth zealous
preachers to spread the doctrines of the Book of Mor
mon. As this is regarded as a sort of third testament,
the Bible is used with it and companion texts are
driven tandem at the heart of the sinner.
At present several of the-..' missionaries are spread
: c word in Georgia, and. as they seem skilled and
artful, they make some converts and promise to trans
i '.ant many vines to the vineyard of the saints and to
bring back to Zion many pious and some buxom evi
dences of their fidelity to their church. But no mis
iry from the time of St. Paul has got on without
tribulation, and these Mormon brethren are no excep-
tion. In Jasper County, Georgia, they were flourish
■ that promised many additions to the
ri mately three of them tripled teams
rt Mrs. Cunnard. The lady was not unwilling
to listen, but while the missionaries were enlightening
her about the Archangel Moroni and the other celes
menibers of their side show, up rode fifty masked
men and a^-ked them to come out and take a ride.
They refused and asked a parley. The narrative of the
n at this point introduce? Mr. Cunnard. accom
panied by a rirle. Then tilings became confused. Sev
eral shots were exchanged and Mrs. Cunnard had her
jaw -haltered. The elders were captured and taken
away, but, according to the latest reports managed to
make their escape in a badly bruised condition by
swimming a creek.
A- Mr-. Cunnard's jaw is shattered she will not be
heard from at pre-ent. We have no doubt that Mr.
Cunnard is glad it is no worse, and as long as she had
to be shattered somewhere rejoices it was in her jaw.
He is thereby assured, for some time, of that domes
tic quiet which is necessary to a Christian gentleman
who stands guard over the religious principles of his
family with a gun.
Such occurrences, by no means infrequent, raise
some interesting questions. American missionaries,
of the standard and approved churches, are sent into
far and heathen lands to preach their Christianity to
natives to whom it is no less novel and revolting than
is Mormonism in Georgia. If these natives, in their
heathen blindness, do lo^s than was done to the Mor
mons in Georgia, our Government is appealed to and
indemnity is demanded ?.nd, if need be, secured under
a threat of war.
The situation of the Mormons, especially, is pecu
liar. Considered merely as one of the numerous
forms of religion, it is entitled to toleration with the
rest. Its polygamous feature has revolted the moral
conscience, and the mass of our people have approved
most drastic legislation to punish its practice. But in
the same day's news that tells of the effort to prevent
the conversion of Mrs. C'urnard, we read of negotia
tions of our Government with the Sultan of Sulu. who
advises his Mahometan subjects that the United States
will protect them in the enjoyment of both polygamy
and slavery, two institutions that are of immemorial
existence in the Sulu Islands.
It may bother the plain mind to reconcile the ex
istence of the twin relics of barbarism, polygamy and
slavery, and the legal punishment of Mormon plural
ity of wives, under the jurisdiction of the United
States. This taken with the mobbing of Mormon mis
sionaries and the fracture of Mrs. Cunnard's jaw in
Georgia, while we are ready to fight if an American
missionary is harmed in China, presents a complexity
of policy and habit and practice, which illustrates the
whimsicalities which attend upon our appearance as a
world power.
It is noted by the street railway men of Brooklyn
and Cleveland that strikes on their lines do not hurt
as bad as they did in the day when the cars were
drawn by horses. In former strikes the companies
had a great deal of expense in feeding the idle horses
and getting them duly exercised, but now when the
strike comes they just shut off the dynamo and wait
for developments.
SLAVERY COMING OGAIN.
THE imperial experiment of Great Britain is
about to break down because it does not pay.
Her West Indian possessions have been an ex
pense since she -abolished African slavery there. Her
tiopical holdings cannot be made to yield except
under forced or servile labor.
The United States is entering the same field, leav
ing behind our constitutional declaration against
slavery and involuntary servitude, which followed the
Civil War and Lincoln's emancipation proclamation.
We have Hawaii, and there under our flag are main
tained practices and a labor system opposed to our
| constitution and laws, and foreign to our domestic
! policy. Involuntary servitude is the only means by
| which tropical labor can be secured, and when it
| ceases in Hawaii production and profits cease with it.
iln the Philippines all surplus producing labor is
j forced or servile, and if we take that diseased part
of the world into our system we must get profit out
! of it by continuing that form of labor.
It is evident that the straits in which British im
perialism .rinds itself and the necessities of American
imperialism, together are starting a revival of the
institution of chattel slavery. A work has just been
issued on the subject, discussing the ethnological
status of the negro. It is written by a clergyman,
printed in parts in a church paper in Pennsylvania
and issued from the printing house of the Lutheran
denoiujnation in Philadelphia. It is indorsed by
doctors of divinity and by presiding elders, and is
an appeal, in the name of God, of course, to the pious
everywhere, to consider chattelhood as the divinely
appointed status of the dark races. In his conclusion
and the clinch of his argument the reverend author
says: "The ways of God are always consistent, when
understood, and always just and reasonable. It is a
curious fact, but- a fact, nevertheless, and fully sus
tained by Scripture as well as by history, and that
fact is t hi- : that Gad never conferred and never de
signed to confer, any great blessing on the human
family but what he always selects or has selected .i
descendant of the Adam, holding slaves, or a white
nation holding slaves, as the by or through
which that blessing should reach them. Why He has
done so is not material to discuss now; but the fact
that He always did so the Scripture abundantly
proves. Also there is the suggestive truth that the
Shepherding church is nearest Abraham, the father
of the faithful in whose seed all the families of the
earth were to be blessed, and Abraham owned three
hundred and eighteen servants. And the Savior of
the world was of the Jewish, a white nation owning
servants and it held them by God's laws, not their
own.
"But what of our nation and government, the United
States? A government acknowledged by all nations
to be the most cosmoplastic of the nations to-day.
Who undeF God's providence organized and estab
lished it and its reformation principles? Let us appeal
to history. The first attack on British power and the
aggressions of Parliament was made by a slave-holder
from a slave State, Patrick Henry. The first President
of the first Congress that ever assembled on this
continent was a slave-holder, Peyton Randolph. The
Secretary of that Congress was a slave-holder, Charles
Thompson. The chairman of the committee of the
whole who reported the Declaration of Independence
was a slave-holder, Benjamin Harrison. The author
of the Declaration was a slave-holder, Thomas Jef
ferson. The Genera] of the Continental army was a
slave-holder. George Washington, who was also
President of the convention which framed the con
stitution. The father of the constitution was a slave
holder, James Madison.
"Whaterfr of peace, prosperity, happiness and glory
the people of the United States have enjoyed has been
under the administration of Presidents who were
slave-holders from slave States. Whenever the Presi
dent has been elected from a free State, from Adams
down to Lincoln, contusion, wrangling and strife have
been the order of the day. Why all this has been so
is not in the line of our subject, only this far, God
will not be mocked. He ordained that the negro
should be the servant of servants, solely. It is in the
Scriptures: to believe less than they contain is infi
delity, to believe more is superstition."
No wonder that in the theocratic revival that has
risen with American imperialism, this book is reach
ing a wide circulation. As it was in the beginning
so it is in the end. Whenever men have set out upon
a policy repugnant to human reason, revolting to the
conscience of man, involving slaughter, cruelty and
every abomination, members of the clerical class have
supported it and put the responsibility upon God.
The instances of this in the early history of the race
have been canonized and stand as the ancient prece
dents, gilded by an assumption of divine sanction,
The torture of witches, the slaughter of heretics, the
holding of slaves, the butchery of people who de
fend their homes from invasion, all have been un
loaded upon God and men have washed their hands
of the blood upon them in the waters of providential
approval!
Tt is so now with imperialism and the breach of
faith and broken promise that go with it. To-mor
row it may be so with the restoration of slavery, the
renewal of the horrors of the middle passage, and the
erection again of the abominations that follow the
chattel ownership of man by man.
NEGRO SENTIMENT ON IMPERIALISM.
A REPORT sent out a short time ago to the
effect that a movement had been started in
Boston to organize the colored men of the
country against imperialism has naturally been the
subject of much more consideration in the East than
or, this coast, but it is nevertheless one which merits
attention throughout the country.
The Washingon correspondent of the Philadelphia
Public Ledger has furnished to that paper the views
of a number of leading colored men at the national
capital on the subject. The statements show that j
while there are some objections to any attempt to i
organize the negroes on that issue there is a very
decided feeling among the eminent colored men of
the capital against imposing a Government upon the
Filipinos without their consent.
Professor Kelley Miller of Howard University is
quoted as saying:
"While I do not think the movement to organize
the colored people into aggressive opposition to the
political policies of the administration will amount to
very much, I doubt whether there is a single intelli
gent Afro-American in the country who has the heart
to condemn Aguinaldo and the cause he represents.
We hear much nowadays about the capacity of the
'backward' peoples for self-government. The truth i;
any people can govern themselves better than any
alien can do it for them, no matter how enlightened
the superior race may be."
Dr. C. B. Purvis, described as a "leader of thought
and action among the colored people of the city,"
said: "I am not in favor of expansion and know
very few of our people who are. The truth of the
matter is, we would dislike to see such a mistaken
policy put into practice over half-civilized races as has
been saddled upon the negro in this country." .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JTJLY 29, 1899.
A. H. Grimke, a former Consul to Santo Domingo,
said:
"From my own observation I know that the expan
sion policy of the administration is very unpopular
with the negro. The absolute supineness of the Chief
Executive on the subject of negro lynchings makes
them shudder for other peoples who may come under
the yoke."
The imperialists have frequently met the public ob
| jections to sending our brave boys to the tropical
! climate of the Philippines to carry on a war against
guerrillas in pestilential jungles, by asserting that
negro troops could be relied upon to do the fighting
and make the conquest for us. Speaking of the senti
; ments of the negroes of the capital on that subject,
1 Mr. Grimke says:
"They feel no enthusiasm whatever for the succ*. s
of the American arms in the Philippines. Moreover,
they would rigorously oppose any attempt to send
colored troops to aid in carrying on the war against
the forces of Aguinaldo. The character of inferior
races is something with which Americans have little
patience, and it is impossible for them to be fair
toward them. We have racial problems enough at
home without undertaking more to add to them."
Thus collapses another of the pet projects of the
imperialists. The white volunteers prefer to come
home rather than to re-enlist for imperial service in
the Philippines, and now the negroes who were relied
upon to undertake the conquest refuse to volunteer.
They have no ardor in a war waged for imperial pur
poses.
BOfiRD OF HEALTH JOBS.
AUDITOR WELLS' decision to audit no salary
claims of the Board of Health for any other
than statutory officers and employes has wor
ried the board a good deal more than the famous dis
covery of the bacilli of the bubonic plague; for, while
the body is known as a Board of Health, the members
I of it by the favor of Gage and the push of Burns are
not in for their health. They stood with equanimity
the menace of the plague, but a decision which shuts
; off their patronage on the eve of a municipal cam
paign fevers their political pulses, gives them chills
in the feet and sends them howling to the courts.
The decision of the Auditor is, of course, right and
proper. He could have taken no other course since
the decision of the courts with reference to the test
case raised by the County Clerk. The two cases, of
course, are not exactly parallel, but they are sufli
i ciently alike to justify the Auditor in refusing to sanc
tion unlimited salary claims issued by the board.
The board claims the right to appoint as many offi
cers, agents and employes as it may deem necessary
to carry on its work. It is well known, however, that
if such right be conceded the board would soon have
en its payroll a host of sinecurists and superfluous
employes, drawing salaries from the county to do pol
: itics for political bosses. The Auditor has wisely de
termined to take no chances. He will audit only such
salaries as are clearly provided for by law, and the
i Board of Health can go to the courts to find out just
| how far it can exceed that limit in acting as a political
I machine to grind salaries out of the taxpayers for the
! members of the Burns push.
The decision of the Auditor is another evidence
of the awakened spirit of reform in the administration
of local finances. The lax system of the past, which
consisted mainly in "hefting" money., has given way
to a careful auditing and accounting. If the decision
of the Auditor be upheld by the courts a great relief
will be obtained for the public revenues. The reckless
, appointment of superfluous employes by the political
■ jobbers of the Board of Health will be checked and
the city will accomplish a marked advance not only
• toward economy, but toward the breaking up of the
[ practice of using municipal and county offices as parts
i of the political machines that disgrace our politics.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
SENATOR STEWART of Nevada announces
that for the purpose of putting an end to dead
locks in Senatorial elections and securing for
each State its full representation in the Senate, he
will propose a revision of the existing law so as 10
provide under certain contingencies for election by a.
plurality instead of a majority vote of the Legislature.
The suggestion is not a new one. A similar propo
sition was before the country last winter and was
widely discussed while the public mind was agitated
by the prolonged contests over Senatorial elections
in this and other States. The arguments for it and
those against it were fully reviewed at the time, and
while it is conceded that much can be urged in favor
of the change, the objections to it are insuperable.
Election by plurality vote will put *an end to dead
locks without entailing the long wait required for an
amendment to the constitution. To accomplish that
change nothing will be required but an act of Con
gress revising the Federal statute which now governs
such elections. That of course is a considerable ad
vantage, for it will take many years to bring about
a constitutional amendment, and in the meantime
deadlocks are liable to occur wherever a Senatorial
contest takes place.
The objection to the plan is that it would break
deadlocks in the interest of the corrupt forces rather
than in that of the better elements of our politics. In
every case where a deadlock occurred last winter it
was brought about by faithful representatives of the
people for the purpose of preventing the election to
the Senate of a political boss or an ally of bosses.
The deadlocks, therefore, while to some extent inju
rious, were necessary to prevent the infliction of far
greater injuries.
The only satisfactory solution of the problem is that
of a constitutional amendment providing for the elec
tion of Senators by a direct vote of the people. By
such an amendment we would get rid of the deadlock
and also of the corruption of legislators by the use
of money, by log rolling, by the distribution of State
patronage and by other and equally pernicious forms
of bribery.
From every point of view it is desirable to relieve
Legislatures of the work of electing United States
Senators. Even when there is no downright fraud
or corruption in the case, these contests disturb the
orderly process of legislative business, delay impor
tant measures and frequently prevent giving proper
consideration to issues 0/ considerable moment. Such
being the condition of affairs it would be better to
enter at once upon the task of amending the constitu
tion by providing for popular elections of Senators
than to tinker with the present statute and by getting
rid of deadlocks open the door for more and worse
jobbery than we have yet known.
According to General Gomez, the distribution of
$3,000,000 by our Government among fhe Cuban sol
diers has had no other effect than that of demoraliz
ing them. Instead of remaining in the ranks or going
home to work, they are hanging about the pay sta
tions clamoring for coin. Moreover, it is a safe pre
diction we will profit nothing by the disbursement.
The very men who get most of the money will be
first to denounce us when that is gone if we do not
,give them more.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
A leading citizen in a lfftle town in the
north of Scotland was asked to take the
office of elder in the kirk. He seemed re
luctant to accept the honor till a wag.
who knew his weakness, whispered to
him that if he became elder he would get
£5 and a pair of trousers at the end of the
year. The year passed away, and when
the promised garment did not appear, the
elder went to the minister and said: "I
haven't got the breeks y< t.''
"What hreeks?" said the minister.
The elder explained, and the minister
smiled and declared that the promise
was (inly a silly joke. The elder expressed
great disappointment about the trousers,
and was turning away when the minister
said: "You seem to care more about the
breeks than about the money."
"Oh, ay the fl' pun," replied the elder,
"I Jr" t helpt masel' to that fra the
plate. —Argonaut.
Habituated to Solitude.
Mr. Newlywed (of Lonelyville) — I've
been to the employment agency and got
a jewel of a cook — coming to-morrow,
dear. Said she'd just as leave live here
as not, and was three years steady in
her last piace, just as lonesome as this:.
Mrs. Newlywed— And where was thai?
Mr. Newlywed— l forget whether she
Bald it was on a whaler or a lumber
schooner, but I know she'll like Lonely
ville. — Judge.
Comforting.
Uttle Elmer— Grampa, why do you look
so sad?
Grampa— l was just thinkinp. Here I
am 60 years of age, and I have never
done anything that will be likely to make
posterity renumber me.
Little Elmer— Oh, well, don't worry.
Mebby you'll still have a chance to live
in history as somebody's grandfather.—
Chicago Times-Herald.
Pop's Hour.
Edith (showing her smart little brother
to her new beau)— Now. Tommy, you
have counted up to eleven; tell us what
comes after eleven.
Tommy— Pop, in his stocking feet. —
Brooklyn Life.
The Way to Tell.
Mrs. de Pretty -Horrors! That woman
who just passed is a young man in dis
guise.
Husband -Well! Well! How do you
km>w?
Mrs. de Pretty— She looked at my face
Instead of my dress.— New York Weekly.
* PRESS COMMENTS ♦
More From ''Ananias'' Creelman.
Marysville Appeal.
It has now been clearly demonstrated
that "Ananias" Creelman never had an
interview with Admiral Dewey in his life,
and consequently the top-heavy editorials
which the Examiner evolved at various
times from its inner consciousness, based
on their "commissioner's" statements, lose
what little weight or merit they ever
possessed. _
The Journal's New Rival.
I>os Angeles Times.
The San Jose Mercury calls attention to
the fact that the yellow New York Jour
nal is to have a genuine competitor, as
the convicts of Sins Sing have started
a paper of their own. We fear that the
able journalists in stripes will he unable
to compete successfully owing to the fact
that there are limitations upon their en
terprise which Willie Hearst does not
have to contend with. The grapevine
telegraph stops at the walls of the State's
prison and "Jim" Creelman is still at
large.
legitimate News.
S. F. Pacific Coast Marine Record.
In a recent issue of The San Francisco
Call there appeared an article dwelling
upon the advancement of the commercial
interests of the State and editorially call
ine attention to the improved condition of
the local markets for farm products. It
is a wise action for a paper of such gen
eral circulation to call attention to the
real condition of affairs, and more of this
kind of work should he done. But the
daily press of to-day is too apt to over
look this important branch and to enlarge
upon everything that tends to retard
rather than advance the State. If less
space would be given to crime and more
to legitimate news our city would know
of no such experience as hard times and
the entire coast would be placed In a con
dition of prosperity.
Lurid Accounts Coming.
Fresno Democrat.
James Crcelman is now writing up the
Dreyfus case for the Examiner. Look out
for lurid accounts which will make your
hair stand on end.
PHILOPENA.
When Uncle Sam the Spanish nut so confidently cracked, '
In order (for humanity) Its kernel to extract,
He found that in the shell two kernels lay instead of one,
"Aha! a Philopena!" cried he, genially, in fun.
"We'll give and take, my lady." "Very well," Espagna said,
"I have eaten Filipinos all my life!" and tossed her head. *
Then she whispered to herself, "But they are something of a pest,
For I've found them not particularly easy to digest."
Now, Uncle Sam wan busy and forgot the little jest;
Santiago and Manila, then, were objects of his quest.
He took them. "Philopena! you've both won and lost this game.
And the forfeit you must pay me," quoth the crafty Spanish dame.
Now he has paid. the lady like an honorable man.
But he's tasting fruits of victory not foreseen when he began.
And is this South Sea fruit quite ripe? The question's sad solution
May prove that It is not adapted to his constitution. :••■';'
EDNA KINGSLEY WALLACE.
STUCK ON IT.
From the New York Tribune.
APPRECIATED THE CALL.
U. S. S. BADGER,
APIA, Samoa, July 5, 1899.
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: I wish
to thank you in behalf of myself,
the officers and crew of this vessel
for the kindness, courtesy and gen
erosity extended to us in sending
files of your valuable paper to us.
I assure you that your action is
fully appreciated by every member
of the ship's company, and it was
especially gratifying under the cir
cumstances, we being almost en
tirely isolated from all news of the
outside world.
Hoping to have an early oppor
tunity of repaying your kindness,
I am, very respectfully,
JAMES M. MILLER,
Commander, U.S. N., Commanding.
Remember the Hospital Corps.
Editor of Call: I would like to express
a few thoughts that have been brought
home to me with great force the last few
days. While we are showing much honor
to our brave soldier boys as they return
home, let us not forget one special divi
sion of them who have been constant in
their devotion to duty, night and day —
the hospital corps.
Stop and think of the many, many of
our dear ones whom we clasp in our arms
who would never have returned if these
brave boys with never ceaseless fidelity
to duty had not watched through long
nights and days at the bedside of sick and
wounded.
Do we not owe much to the ones that
took the .place of father, mother, sister
or wife at the bedside of sick and dying,
and with tender hands performed for us
so far away the last sad, sweet service
which we would have given much to have
done?
God bless the hospital corps. May we
as Americans, worthy of the name, not
forget to give them the honor dv> j .
A SUBSCRIBER.
Alden, Cal., July 25. 1889.
OUR SOCIETY
IN EUROPE
IN" these days our society is abroad.
American belles and beaux and stun
ning matrons are hobnobbing with no
bility, even royalty, joining in the
pleasures of the European capitals and
taking their places in the noted charity
bazaars and flower festivals.
In London at the recent sweil Charing
Cross Bazaar the Princess Hatzfeldt (nee
Huntington) was one of the handsomest
and most admired of the women who lent
their worthy aid. Mrs. Mackay looked
charming and extremely youthful attired
all In white, with a big white hat and a
broad sash of national colors. Mrs.
Mackay succeeded in ing the Ameri
can stand the hands* i of the rri.iny
handsome booths, and *..e decorations of
the American and .English colors were
very much admired. Among the many
distinguished visitors from this city who
attended the fair were Major and Mrs.
John A. Darling. From London Major
and Mrs. Darling went to Carlsbad and
there took part in the Blurnen-Corso and
battle of flowers. Major and Mrs. Darl
ing's carriage followed in the column
which was headed by the Archdiu hess
Isabella and Archduke Frederick. Other
Californians who enjoyed the battle of
the flowers were Mr. and Mrs. Wi!',
Crocker, Mrs. Sperry, Miss Sperry ami
Joseph Reddlngv-
At present Major and Mrs. Darling aro
in Lucerne. It is their intention to pass
three months in Switzerland, except for
a few days in August, when they go to
Bayreuth to witness the Parsifal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
INDEPENDENT CANDIDATE- -T. R..
City. For an independent candidate to
have his name placed on the official bal
lot at the next election he must present,
a petition signed by a number equal to
3 per cent of the total vote cast at the
preceding election.
ASSAYINO-A. 8., Picard. Cal. There
is no free United States assay office in
California. For information about assay
ing address the Superintendent of the
United States Branch Mint. San Fran
cisco, if the questions relate to the assay
ing of bullion to be converted into coin."
A" TWENTY OF '51— E. H., Merced, Cal.
A twenty-dollar piece of ISol does not
command a premium, but the selling price
is from $25 to $30. according to its state
of preservation. The United States coins
of that date did not have on them the
motto "In God We Trust." That was
first used on two-cent pieces in 1864
RAIN— R. C. X., Dimond. Alameda
County, Cal. The greatest amou of rain
that fell in one place in California during
any one storm durinsr the winter of 1898-99
was at Pilot Creek. El Dorado County at
an elevation of 4000 feet. It occurred dur
ing the Btorm of March 20-25. and the
registered rainfall was 16.39 inches.
AN ASSUMED NA.MK-S., City. This
correspondent writes: "For cextaln rea
sons a man marries under art assumed
name. Later he is in a position to make
his marriage known. In that case is he
required to be married anew, or is the
first marriage legal?" In obtaining the
license under an assumed name he was
required to take oath that he would make
true answers to such questions as might
be asked him, and when he swore that
his name was that given by him he com
mitted perjury; and if any one feeling
Interested wished could have him arrested
at any time within three years after tak
ing the oath. If. however, the man
wishes to protect his wife and give her
his true name, he should marry her a
second time and preserve the records of
the first marriage.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
D. Conway is registered at the Lick
| from Honolulu.
H. L. Friedlander of London is a guest
at the Palace.
G. A. McElfresh, a prominent forester
of Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Henry Barker, a wealthy cattle owner
of Hopland, is a guest at the Russ.
Professor Nash, librarian of Stanford
, University, is a guest at the California,
J. S. Hermann, a wealtny resident of Oil
City, is among the recent arrivals at the
Grand.
Admiral and Mrs. Kautz are registered
at the California, where they arrived last
! evening.
I W. D. Crichton, a prominent attorney
; i of Fresno, is on a visit to this city on
. | legal business.
i H. Seaman, one of the leading mer
chants of Winters, is among the late ar
; rivals at the Russ.
,I " C. B. Luff, a wealthy and prominent
j merchant of Petaluma, is at the Lick.
I His wife accompanies him.
! J. A. Muir, the well-known and popular
'. T.os Angeles railroad man. is among those
who arrived yesterday at the Palace.
Dr. X. Ritzen of Germany is one of the
passengers of the Moana who arrived in
the city yesterday, and went to the Occi
dental.
! John A. Mclntlre, a mining man of Sac-
I ramento, is a guest at the GranJ. where
j he arrived yesterday on a business trip to
the city.
J. F. Cummings, a well-known mining
man of this State, has returned from a
j recent visit to Boston and is registered
at the Grand.
Dr. John D. Jones, one of the leading
physicians of Washington. D. C is a
i guest at the Palace, where he arrived last
; night on the overland.
J. Goldberg of Goldherg. Bowen A Co.,
j who has gone to Europe on a pleasure
I trip, fcaa arrived in London, where he is
■ visiting his son Harry.
R. and A. Kirklanrl are two globe-trot
< ters from Scotland who arrived on tho
Moana yesterday from Australia and reg
: istered at the Occidental.
R. L. Lowers, one of the foremost busl
; ness men of Honolulu, arrived yesterday
j from the islands with his wife and family.
' They are all staying at the Occidental.
The wife and family of N. H. Foster of
i the Southern Pacific Company have re
-1 turned to th>? city after a month of vaca
tion spent among the mountains and can
yons of the Yosemite.
Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Renaud of New
I Orleans arrived at the Palace last night
1 on the belated overland. They are among
, the wealthiest and most aristocratic of
i the Crescent City's residents.
R. J. Putnam, a mining man of Placer
; ville. is a guest at the California. He ar
| rived yesterday on the Moana from Hono
; lulu, where he has been for some time
past on an extended pleasure trip.
Among the passengers on the Moana,
which arrived in port yesterday morning,
was C. A. Green, assistant chief of the
Bureau of Information of the Philadel-
I phia Commercial Museum. Mr. Green has
! spent nearly two years in the Orient, dur
j ing which time he has been the means
: pf greatly adding to the exhibits and
knowledge of the bureau which he repre
sents. He states that all the Auatra-
I lian colonies will be represented at the
I National Export Exposition to be held in
j Philadelphia next October.
:alifornians in new yosk.
NEW YORK. July "2S. -William H. Dun
das and Fred T. Owles of San Francisco
arr at the Westminster; Robert E.
Wheatcroft and Dr. A. J. Powell of San
Francisco are at the Cosmopolitan.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 25.-J. A. Ferris
of San Francisco is at the St. James:
Thomas B. Hart of Oakland is at the
Wellington: C. C. Plehn of San Francisco
is at the Shoreham.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per to at Townsend's. •
Look out for 73 Fourth st., best eye
glasses. 15c to 40c: Sundays, 741 Market
st. (stationery store). •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
. ♦ .
Suit on Promissory Notes.
William A. Fleming entered suit in the
United States Circuit Court yesterday
against William U. Burns and Charles S.
Burns to recover $2500, with interest at 7
per cent, on two promissory notes exe
cuted January 2. 1597. Samuel Knight Is
counsel for the plaintiff.
The most efficacious stlmulan to sharpen the
appetite is Dr. Sie^ert's Angostura Bitters.
See that you get the genuine. '
Beautiful hair is always pleasing, and Par
ker's Hair Balsam excelß In producing It.
Hlndereorns, the beat cure for corns, 100.REPUBLICANS DEMAND
A CLEAN CONVENTION
Assembly District Clubs Meet and
Perfect Organization.
Factional Fteht in Democratic Ranks -Fierce Contest
Between the Buckley Following and the Rainev-
Examiner League— Bosses Assailed.
CLUBS throughout the city are
making preparations for the pri
mary election on August S. at
which delegates will be chosen
for the municipal nominating
conventions of the respective political
parties. The Republicans will elect 305
delegates, the Democrats 334. the Peo
pie's party ~i. Socialist Labor party 36,
and the Citizens' Republican party 125
delegates.
The work in hand at the present time
relates chief.y to make up delegate
tickers in the various districts. Ir.
Democratic ranks there is a red hot
fight. Three factions are contending
: r ;he prize. The Democratic League of
Clubs, or the Buckley faction. Is putting
up a vigorous fight, in which the skill
of organization is displayed. The exec
utive committee of the Committee of
One Hundred is the directing agency
of another faction, known as the Re
form Democracy, of -which Gavin Mc-
Nab and Jasper McDonald are leaders.
The third faction is known as the
Rainey-Examiner L^acue. This com
bine derives its chief strength from the
Fire Department.
Disinterested spectators predict that
the Buckley clubs will elect more dele
pates than the clubs- of any other fac
tion will elect. Last night the repre
sentatives of the Buckley clubs met at
their general headquarter in the Bald
win Annex. They were enthusiastic
nd confident of success.
The Rainey-Examiner Leaeme is
working under cover and perhaps
working effectively. Leading Demo
crats are sent for and promised official
favor if they will stand in with the
Fire Department and Rainey. There
is not much activity at the headquar
ters of the executive committee of the
Reform Democracy, but the leaders
manifest the greatest confidence in the
ability of the organization to control
the convention.
Indications are that the Republicans
■will elect a convention representing the
best citizenship of San Francisco.
Since the boss scheme of a blanket
ticket was overthrown, the bosses have
cut but a small figure in the campaign.
Th^ clubs organized under the auspices
'of the Republican County Committee
are making a special effort to pet the
best men in each district placed on
the ticket for delegates. The Central
Republican Club, of -which Henry T.
Scott is president, has brought forward
many good men who have consented
that "their names shall be placed on the
ticket. The Affiliated Republican Clubs
are coins: good work in bringing for
ward men of character and ability, who
have EigTiiiied consent to serve as dele
pates to t!ie nominating convention.
The rivalry among Republican orsani
zatlons is in the direction of brir.sring
to the front the best men of the party.
The Assembly District Clubs, orzan
iz~d Friday evening of last week under
the auspices of the Republican County
CGmmlttee, met last night and elected
delegates to the Advisory Central Club.
The proceedings in the various districts
were as follows:
'TWENTY-EIGHTH DISTRICT-A-iris
cry Committee: JOSEPH SPEAR.
CHRIS DUNKER. CAPTAIN P. T. DUN
KER. HARRY LOW and BARNEY
DOUGHERTY. Owing to the difficulty
of securing a ha!i. the gathering was not
a? larg~ a? was expected. The meeting
gathered in the building at the corner of
F'V;=arr. and Beale streets. Addresses
were made by J. H. Daly. Chris Dunker
i - : j-hers. after which the club ad
journed to the call of the chair.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT—
Advisory Committee— C. Her.nir.g. J.
Roach, S. Gianotk-man. C. S. Morgan, G.
Aipers. As the place of meeting had here
tofore been announced a big crowd assem
bled in Pythian Castle last evejiing to as-
Bist in the selection of the delegates who
will have a voice in the selection of the
delegates for the coming municipal con
vention. S. DoranJ W. Page. H. Jackson.
G. Aipers. J. McDougal and Louis F. Wai
lace addressed the gathering after the la-
V>r of selecting the delegates had b*en
concluded. The meeting adjourned to the
caii of the chair.
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT— A. FRIED-
H.VDKR. ARTHUR WALKER. THOM
AS BROPHY. CHARLES SWEENEY.
V.'ILLI \M HART.
-
-
■
:
:
i
■
:
■ -
-
■
-
The chair appointed the following as
said committee: A. Kriedlander, kVilliam
Miskall. Patrick Cahill. Xuomas Doherty.
Thomas Ktri'iV. James Collins. Henry
Hartlinsr. James Tracy. Frank btoddarc.
G. W. Bayreuther, Frank Koegei. John
Collins. Btrt Wren. George McGreevy.
James Muicahy, Wiiilam Kane ar.d A. H.
Cousins; ■_ ....
P. H. Prer.decast addressed the cluo
and called attention to the fact that the
Republican voters of each district would
have ihr selection of the deiesraes to the
county convention. He sai.l that if there
was ar.y doubt n_? to the Republicanism
or purity of intention of any of the gen
tlemen named he would like to hear it.
and he further invited any member of the
ciub who desired to be placed on the com
mittee to send in his name, and it would
te added to the seventeen. The invitation
wa= not taken up. the seventeen being
satisfactory to the club. -.•-■■-
The following resolution by George Mc-
Greevy was unanimously adopted:
- ■
■
-
The meeting then adjourned until next
Thursday evening.
THIRTY-SECOND DlSTßlCT—Presi
dent J. F. Ahem called the club to order
in Gilbert's Hall. Brannan street, between
Sixth anc Seventh. After the reading of
the minutes by Secretary Eugene King,
patriotic speeches were made by P. J.
liacar. and Thomas Duffy, urging all the
rood Republicans of the district to stand
together for the nomination of a clean
U ThV* following- were elected as delegates
to the central body: El.- GENE KING.
JEREMIAH LUCEY. HUGH DLFF. J. p.
CRONIN and ALFRED COOK.
A resolution was unanimously adopted
commending the Board of Supervisors for
having curtailed the expenses in the vari
ous departments of the city government in
the interests of the taxpayers. The meet
tug adjourned with cheeera for the- Re
publican party.
THIRTY-THIRD DISTRICT— The Re
publicans of the Thirty-third Assembly
District." which covers a portion of the
Mission, the Potrero and South San Fran
cisco, assembled at Maennerbund Hall
on Twenty-fourth street and Potrero ave
nue last night and perfected the organi
zation of their club. The meetins was
called to order by Captain George A.
Raabe, and in the absence of the regular
secretary J. J. McCarthy acted in hij
stead. The roll of members showed that
£65 had placed their names on the Hat
sitic- the temporary organization a week
A constitution was adopted which gave
the appointing of all committees to the
.president. This, however, was attempted
to be disputed by a tew rough heelers
from the Democratic ranks, who earns
there spoiling for a Sight, which they did
not get. as the club proceeded to business
without any disaffection on the part of
the regular; Republicans.
Chairman Raabe made the following
appointments: Advisory committee — JO
SEPH McAULIFF. 1^)' Treat avenue; J.
F. SULLIVAN. 272 Folsom street; J. A.
DIERKS. South San Francisco: J. F.
KELLY. Twenty-third and Utah, and
CHARLES RATTA. Potrero.
Executive committee, one from each cf
the sixteen precincts in the order in
which they are named — Edward Ceib;
John C. Flood. Joseph H. Armstrong.
George D. F'.ack. Thomas Haynes, Jara-^s
McCarthy. John A. Halk. J. F. Lo^an, C.
P. Douglas. John White, George Buck;
Thomas Henry. John Dierks. William
McHugh and James Hennessey. The se
lection of two vice presidents was de
ferred until the next meeting.
The following resolution was adopted:
■Whereas. The assessment of corporation fran
chises, although raise*}, is ye; considerably less
than the average assessment on other property
in this city; therefore, be it
Resolved. That we heartily commend the ac
tion cf cur Republican Board of Supervisors in
refus'ryr to lower sail assessment, and la the
Just raisin? of the Market Street Railway as
sessment by *»:,«*}.
THIRTY - FOURTH DISTRICT — The
same harmony which characterized the
first meeting cf the Thirty-fourth Dis
trict Club prevailed last evening. The
meeting was enthusiastic from end to end
and several eloquent speeches were de
livered. Among the speakers were ex-
Registrar William Brown, whose sound
argument for party solidity and united
effort won him much applause; State
Senator Frar.k Burnette. George Rutz,
president of the club, and George Dietter
lee. The following were elected as dele
gates to the Advisory Central Club:
GEORGE A. RUTZ. GEORGE DIET
TERLEE. W. XL CASHMAN. D. J. KEL
LEY and E. B. SMITH. The finance com
mittee appointed was as follows: J. G.
Rentschier. J. Costello; E. J. Lynch,
Charles Engieking. F. A. Saceman. S. B.
Munson. A. Scharper. H. Forbs. George
S. McComb; Louis H. Anderson. H. E.
Bnttleman; C. F. Heidtmannj Henry Dan
grr and K. A. Gibson.
The following executive committee was
also appointea: Charles Mayer, D. J.
Keliey. George Burknardt. Fred Frank.
Jam-s P. Kane. George Dietterlee. A.
Lemon. R. B. McClelian. A. F. Adams,
Percy Beamish, John Kirby. Charles de
la Fontaine. F. W. Burnett. E. B. Smith,
Martin Caliaghan. Thomas F. Dunn. E.
V.". Eustice. James "VV. McCabe. %Vi!iiam
C. Ra:«h. Frank Zan. I. J. Truman. F.
L. Hihner, John Stegeman, E. T\". Close,
Joseph W. McTigue and C. W. Baker.
THIRTY-FIFTH DISTRICT-The Re
publican meeting in the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict was called to order by Dr. J. K.
Dawson and the following additional of
ficers were elected: William A. Kemp,
treasurer; Thomas F. Bannon, assistant
secretary; Louis A. Sartorrus. sergeant
at-arms. The following finance commit
tee was appointed: J. K. Prior, E. A.
Schumacher. John S. Partridge. F. C.
Morgan ar.d F. B. Stone- The delegates
to the Central Advisory Committee were
elected as follows: WILLIAM A.
GEORGE, C. W. LOVE. J. J. GUIL
FOYLE. T. C. MAHER and JOHN
SMITH. The following were elected as
vice presidents or the club: John S. Part
r:dire. George Hoil. S. W. Fuller, F. C.
Morgan. F. G. S<ir.t>om, G. J. Smith.
Daniel Sullivan. Charles Kitch, George
1L P-rham. J. K. Prior. George : ebing
ham and E. F. C. Crossett
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT-Some lit
tle discord made itself evident in the
Thirty-sixth District. The ciub president
Frank French. Secretary James Nag*,
Patrick Gray ar.d James Hughes got wind
that there was to be some disturbance
created by friends of the railroad people,
who have" their car shops in the district.
They declined to open the meeting hall
at 'the corner of Twenty-eighth and
Church streets, and went instead to a
quiet place at the corner of Seventeenth
and Noe streets. Th-5 crowd that was
left behind got together and made the
'oiiowinsr ar-DOintmerits to the Advisory
Committee:" WILLIAM THOMAS. M.
MILLETT. J. SYKES. THOMAS CHRYS
TAL and W. H. MURPHY. Charies My
ers was elected temporary chairman and
Charles Daly temporary secretary.
-- DIS-
S T.
• ■ J. F.
3 and
!
■
Ivy
; : -■•r. a. J. Ri
V. B.
: A
. . Tl mas J. Dr
r. L 3tur|
-
-
nee: J. M.
A. Me Fa
- .
- -
■ ■
-
THIRTY-EIGHTH 3£ I DJS
EDD t 1.
DR. I. B. .
ra hagep.i
-
Gate
-
■
-
-ath-
I r
:
cSub,
-
g
-
-
Mc-
J. I. Hecker. J. Caiman, I.
: Lane. J. J. C
J. P.
:ack
- ;.m:in,
C. C. Morris, Morris Rioi
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT— The regu
lar T: • -■ " Assembly District Repub
lican Club met in T
Turk street, las: night. Colonel r. V.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JILT 29. 1899.
MILLIONS IN BONDS
WENT UP IN SMOKE
BURNING $2,500,000 OF WORTHLESS PAPER.
BONDS of the Oakland Water Company to th« value of 12. 500 .000 went up
in smoke in the basement of the Union Trust Company building yes
terday afternoon. No loss resulted, however, other than the actual cost
of the paper and the ■-•.-..- thereon. The destruction was made neces
sary on account of a legal defect In the issuance of a second 'series.
The bonds destroyed comprised two issues, the first being the orig
inal one of the Oakland «/ater Company of 1000 5 per cent gold bonds at a par
value of $1000 each, ..:■■•- ali. These were called in recently and
a new issue of $1.500.'») was Toted by the directors of the company. This last
Issue was guaranteed by the Contra Costa Water Company, but it appears
that there was a neglect to properly call the board of directors of the latter
concern providing for a meeting of the stockholders to guarantee the bonds.
The meeting took place with all the rectors present, but the legal oefect of
faulty notification was discovered by the attorney of the trust company before
the bonds were issued, thousrh the *- had already been signed by the officers of
the two water companies. This necessitated the issuanceof a new series, after
all the legal requirements had been complied with. **
The new bonds being in existence. It became necessary to cancel the de
fective issue, !n ... original issue which had been replaced; and
this was done by cremation to the satisfaction of all concerned. At the ap
pointed time William J. Dingee. president, and A. W. Rose, secretary of the
Oakland Water Company: A A. Watkinson. president of the Contra Costa
Water Company, and C. de Guigne, vice resident; and I. W. Hellman, secre
tary "of the Union Trust Company, gathered in the fire room. The 25*>J bond 3
were placed in the furnace, each oficiai taking a hand in consigning them to
the flames. The trust company was represented, inasmuch as the bonds were
secured by a deed of trust to the company is trustee, which certified that the
new bonds had been properly issued.
Eddy was elected permanent president,
W H Powers permanent vice president,
and John Hardy permanent secretary.
R^=n;utioris were adopted Indorsing t-.e
■visors for adhering: to the dollar
limit. It was also determine.! that the
club did not desire any member of the
County Committee, nor any Federa*.
Siate "or municipal office holder to be se
'^c-*d a<= a delegate to the forthcoming
municipal convention The f°nowmg
named were elected delegates to £ the. Kg
W FR\SER J. McGEE. W. H. POW-
E M !^ Vl2s£: C. H. Johnson
■
■
delegates; to the .convention '- Aad««ej,
=vrp r"ad^ by Colonel i. ». £.<!•■•>. '->• <-•
Mart'n and Mr. Branch. The club meet*
again next Wednesday evening.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT—
Adviscrj- Committee: W. LL ASHER,
WILLIAM WILKINSON. F. A- ilAi-.
«TPETTI P W. LANNON and iIAJv
WARSHAUER. The meeting was held
in Bear Club Hall on the corner oi n.l
--mo" and Pos: streets. Speeches were
made by E. A. Bullis. J. B. Carson, t^e
president, David Short, V. . H. Miller and
others.
FOi
■
-
■ . Jad
-
■
-
■
- .
■ - ■'-' wensc
-
■
The committee appointed at the pre
vious meeting submitted the following j
thirty-one names of voters in the district j
from which twenty-two will be selected at j
the meeting next Friday night as dele- [
gate" to the municipal convention:
Frank W. Marston, president of the ;
club- Isaac F. Kidd, Marcus H. Hecht.
Philip N. Lilienthal; Frank C. Topping, i
Joseph C. Campbell. Andronicus Chese- i
b'-oueh Samuel C. Denson. W. m. Davis. :
Lu'man' Wadham. Alfred P. Black. '.". R. !
- John J. Deane. James Snook.
Charles W. Slack. Fabius T. Finch, Henry \
J Crocker. Arthur Brand. George Stone, i
A'ibert E. Castle, Frank C. do Long. A. G. \
Boo; Wendell Easton. Alfred Bouvier.
Charles E. Parker. Albert Gerberding,
Elijah B Cutter, E. J. Wilkinson, Law
rence Van Winkle. H. M. Holbrook. R. B.
Hale.
The following were unanimously se
lected as an advisory committee: W. R. i
NIXON. CHARLES BURDETT. J. B. ■
STEVENSON, JAMES A. SNOOK and H. j
MORTON.
This concluded the business of the meet
<-■* and rousing speeches were delivered !
by ex-Judge Dibble and others.
FORTY - SECOND DISTRICT — The
members of the Republican club in the
Forty-second District met in Argonaut
Hall" Hyde and California streets, last
nieht, T. D. Riordan, president, in the
chair. x
The only business transacted was the
selection of an advisory committee, as
follows: T. D. RIORDAN. president of
the club; F. R. CONWAY. WILLIAM
G4.LLVGHER, J. J. O'CONNOR and J.
B. REILLY.
\t the r.ext meeting, which will be sub
ject to the call of the president, dele
g-ates to the municipal convention will be
chosen.
FORTY-THIRD DISTRICT— The Forty
third Assembly District Republican Club
held a largely attended meeting last night
in California Hall, on Bush street. The
following gentleman were elected to mem
bership in the advisory committee of the
Central Club: GENERAL R. H. WAR
FIELD. EMIL SOMPS. JOHN LACK
MANN. GENERAL S. W. BACKUS and
A* MASSET.
GastorT Straus presided, with Joseph P.
Stevens as secretary. The meeting was
brief but harmonious and enthusiastic
FORTY-FOURTH DISTRICT — Dr. j
Campbell Ford was elected permanent I
president, and E. M. Furbush permanent
secretary; of the Forty-fourth District
Pepublican Club at a meeting held last
in Washington-square Hall. The f
following members of the advisory com- i
n-ittee of the Central Club were selected: j
E C p PALMIERI. G: W. TERRY. E. M. j
FU-PBUSH. L. F. STROHL and GEORGE
CHADRICK.
FORTY-FIFTH DISTRICT REPUBLI
CAN CLUB — At a meeting held last
evening at Garibaldis Hall. 423
Broadr.av. the following were elect
ed debates to the Central Ad
visory Club: OSCAP. C. LEWIS. RICH-
VrDRYAN. WILLIAM J. LENNOX. E.
T TARBOX and A. ABRAHAMS. The
meeting w as presided over by T. R. Ev
as* and Richard Ryan acted as secre
tary Among the speakers of the even
ing were Messrs. Babb, Webber, Doug
las and Sheehan.
' Heady to Consolidate.
The Forty-first District Democratic Club
met last evening.' President William P.
Humphreys Jr. in the chair. The president
i appointed the following committee to con
; fer on consolidation ■with the" club over
1 which Emii Pohli presides: Jam^s Cottle
; Joseph E. Derham. William Wright, John
j Burke and James Furey.
City Republican League.
The City Republican League Club of
| the Thirty-first Assembly District met
| last night at Teutor.ia Hall. John F. Mc-
G!ynn chairman, H. J. McMahon secre
; tary. On motion, the chairman appointed
i the following committee on the selection
|of delegates: E. L. Nolan. H. D. Byrne,
i William OSermann and T. J. Sullivan, the
, committee to have ftill power to act and
; report at the call of the chair. Seining
; remarks were made by Messrs. H. S. Miiz
ner, Dr. McNeil and William Holland.
Anti-Boss Club.
The Thirty-seventh Assembly District
i Anti-Boss Republican Club met last even
| ing- and appointed a finance and executive
i committee. The executive committee was
! given tee power to name the delegates for
: election to the county convention. Several
■ speakers indulged in red-hot anti-boss
( speeches, and tne warning was given that
\ if the greatest of care not taken the
! boss element will out-trick the members
oi the club at the polls. •
Delegates Nominated.
The Thirty-second Assembly District
; City Republican League met last night at
Penny's Hali. Eighteenth and Kentucky
: streets, and selected delegates to the nor
n: Innting convention. No further business
: was transacted and the meeting adjourned
;to Tuesday evening. August 1. All mem
bers of the club are requested to be pres
ent at the next meeting.
Boss Rule Condemned.
The Fortieth Assembly District City
Republican League held a large and en
i thusiastic meeting at Franklin Hail last
> night. Colonel A. S. Hubbard, vice presi
i dent, presiding.
The nominating committee having in
I
HOW I SPENT FIVE YEARS IN A
SIBERIAN PRISON. i^^^vZ.
NOVEL TRIP OF EASTERN VISITORS.
2... schoolteachers see the Mexican games a: Tia Juana.
GENERAL WOOD'S NEW WARFARE.
He begins i new war of extermination in Cuba.
The Latest |f| The Mysterious
London Gossip. .Mirror Dan:e.
Ey » |j * The very latest the-
GENEV.EVE GREEN I^Xl £SS
-here in San Fran-
£ « 9 os= °- .
A San Franco SundflV S ..(.,„..,„.,
rjir , • / "Cleopatra i
Who Was a True r> -- T L < B "f^
_ . § <^% I 1 The famous $25,000
Heroine. painting.
THE LATEST IN MEDICAL SCIENCE.
Remarkable results from the use of liquid air in the cure of disease.
PAGE OF DRAMATIC FEATURES— SHORT STORIES— AMD MANY NOVEL
ATTRACTIONS. ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED. IN NEXT SUNDAY-S.CALU
DAY BY DAY WITH GENERAL
Elegant Half-Tones showing him at CU A CTCD
Home, at work— every-day life scenes. Oil HI 1 LlVt
charge the duty of suggesting names for
delegates to the county convention maaa
a report stating it had been canvassing a.
very large list of names in the endear
to select none but good men for that posi
tion and that it would have the Hal Gl.
names ready to present to the next meet
ing of the central committee.
The club has enrolled about 500. names,
among them being a great many business
men and heavy taxpayers who have not
in the past taken much interest in local
politics, but who are this year enthusi
astic and active In this movement to re
form the Republican party.
The meeting was addressed by Colonel
Hubbard. Captain "\\ uliam. Royal, Ed
mund Tauszky and Lucius L. Solomons.
The two latter in their denunciation of
boss methods and boss rule evoked a
storm of applause, s£ wing the spirit
which animated the club.
Denounced the Bosses.
The Twenty-ninth District Democratic j
Club held its regular weekly meeting last;
nisrht at Becker's Hall, 14 Third street. ;
James E. Murphy presiding. A large [
number of voters gathered to hear several j
speakers, ail of whom scored the bosses,
Buckley and Rainey, who have, they al
lege, combined in the Twenty-ninth Dis- |
trict for the purpose of defeating the
decent element of the Democratic party.
Speeches were delivered by M. C. Hassett,
Thomas F. Parry. Thomas O'Connor.
William M. Gannon and Stephen V. Cos
teilo. : :<-:.
The following nominations were made;
for delegates to the municipal convention: i
First Precinct. J. "W. Fitzgerald; Second
Precinct. John J. McDonald: Third Pre
cinct, Matthew E. Lally: Fourth Precinct.
P. F. Hal'.er: Fifth Precinct, Patrick Ly- ■
don; Sixth Precinct. Martin J. Tlerney;
Seventh Precinct. H. L. Ladd; Eighth
Precinct, Joseph I. Lawless; Ninth Pre- !
cinct Joseph Piunkett; Tenth Precinct,
John O'Connor; Eleventh Precinct. Law
rence J. Brannan; Twelfth Precinct.
James J. Maher; Thirteenth Precinct, Ed
ward G. Faulkner; Fourteenth Precinct, |
Joseph B. Lawler: Fifteenth Precinct. Jo- ,
•^pph A. Megan; Sixteenth Precinct, John!
Brown; Seventeenth Precinct, Daniel M. f
Dor.augh; additional delegate. Louis Ear- j
. ...
They Lauded Phelan.
The Twentieth District Democratic Club
met last night at 1* Third street and elect
ed the following delegates to the munici
pal convention: J. W. Fitzgerald, John
Macdonald, Matthew Lally, Thomas Stew
art. Patrick Lydon. Martin J. Tierney, H.
L. L&dd. Joseph I. Lawless. Joseph Plunl
ett John OXonner. Lawrence J. Brar.nan,
James Maher,-E. G. Faulkner, Joseph *s.
Liiwlor. 'Joseph A. Morgan. John Brown,
Daniel McDonough and an additional del
egate. Louis Ehlricht. .
"Addresses laudatory of the Phelan ad
ministration were made by M C. Has
sett. Colonel T. F. Barry and William M.
Cannon.
Pheian Followers.
The Thirtieth District Phelmn Club met
last evening at Pythian Castle, and after
pledging ail present to support the admin
istration of Mayor Phelan and labor for
his re nomination, the following delegates
were selected to represent the district in
the coming convention: R. Gough, P.
Madden, T. Lynch. A. Soloman, T. Gradv,
G. Fitzgerald. E. Leinny. F. Kenny c.
Kelly. G. Gannon. L. Walsh, G. elch,
E. McMenomy, L. Hurley, J. Creighton, G.
McLaughiin and J. Baer.
Pattosien Returns.
W. J. Pattosien, the enterprising fur
niture dealer of the Mission, has re
turned from an extended business tour
of the East. He has visited all of the
manufacturing centers and states that
business is good with conditions im
proving constantly. He says the tide
is steadily setting toward the West and
in his judgment unusual activity will
soon be. manifest on the coast. Mr.
Pattesien visted the furniture exhibit
a: Grand Rapids, Michigan, where he
purchased many fine samples of fur
niture that were displayed there, as
v.ell as a stock of standard goods that
will require a train of twelve cars to
transport them. Mr Pattosien expects
the arrival of this train about Septem
ber 15.
Frauen Verein Picnic.
The ladies of St. Lukas Frauen Vereln !
tad their first p:cnic at Piedmont Springs |
on last Wednesday. The affair, which was
well attended by old and young, was a
very enjoyable one and was under the
direction of Mrsdames J. Goetsche, 1L
Schlieman. J. Strothoff and H. M. Quast.
a^'=te<i by Rev. J. A. Schilling-. P. Braas.
H. T. Robbers and H. Juast Jr. The of
ficers of ihe v^rein are: Mrs. Dr. P. H.
Maas president: Mrs. H. -- Quast, vice
president: Mrs. H. Sieeel. secretary, and
Mrs. \V. Mceglin, treasurer.
Fighting for Kirn Oy.
a Bahrs » writ ol b .
- : - L ice In
- . I K3m Oy.
. -
--- - ■
t i tloner ai - - •
proper pr
-
irt
t the ] the al
- -
- -
r pros
ADVZBTISXJtE2JTS. ___„
No - 2 M.I. S.T. N °- 2
Box Sent FREE to All Sufferers.
GREATEST NERVE AND BLOOD TONIC.
THE ONLY CURE FOR RHEUMATISM.
The most powerful INVIGORANT ever produced. Permanently re-
: stores mental and physical strength to those weakened by early Indis-
-1 cretion, Imparts Youthful Vigor. Restores Vitality, Strengthens and
Invigorates the Brain and Nerves; a positive cure for ail forms of
Nervous Debiiity-PROMPT, SAFE and SURE.
■ Infallible cure for Old and Chronic Cases of Rheumatism, Gout,
Inflammation of the Bladder, Enlargement of the Prostate Gland,
Stricture, Varicocele. Bad Cases of Erysipelas. Cancer, Syphilis and
Venereal Dlseases-ABSOLUTELY INFALLIBLE-SURE CURE.
WHAT WE CUARANTEE M. 1. S. T. WILL CUKE.
WO care Rh«u=it!«a. no matter bow locur standing.
Will cure any case of Infiamniatlon of the Bladder cr Bul»—«d Prostate Giand. =■? matter
If th« '!-•■?-•« have been- for years forced to u«« a catheter. WILL CURE SYPHILIS IM
ANT STAGE. WILL CURE ANT CASE OF DIABETES.
Will cure a:: cases of Imp-ctency that can be cured, and permanently restore youth. rigor
aad vitality. It is no stimulant. Its effects are permanent and lasting.
Si bottle* of M. I. 5. T. No. : will cure any case of Stricture without local treatment.
5 i boxes of M. I. S. T. No. . will cure any case of Varicocele.
Win cure and remove entirely from the system Cancer and Cancerous Germ*.
In addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. I his cured many cases of Paralysis, Loeottctor
Ataxia Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases cf the nerves.
it 'i s- X. has bees on tie market for ever JO years, and has cured thousands of sufferer*.
It '• uteocinxtl by '-■' ---..*-:- all over the country. It is pleasant to take and ab*>-
lntely .. _ _ ■■ never Increases or diminishes the action of the heart.
• _^^^^^^ II you are suffering from any
-VB^BBBMBm WIO^ "y^ l^^^ BJ " Bal^^ chronic ' ■"'-" you ar- urs^-i 1 1
Is > I ]gk B E i write us. no matter how many <ioc-
■ -- ■ -^ "ii—ii^ l&a^aaj " - - r9
ft H Q ■ -J 1 *J "•7T.T. TO : CXTRE TOt" ■'That*"you
1 M, — : ■ : ■
i Jai JaY .^^mmmmK Jmmmmmml may judge of the vauue of the area*
Specific for yourself, we will send
you one lar?e case by mail FREE,
o-;t a*>c'.r.r that when eared yoartelt yen will recciatnend It to others. Write confidentially
to oar medical department, giving symptoos.
Address M, I. S. T, Co,, Cor, Adams and Huron Streets, Toledo. 0, .
AMTJSZiLENTS.
i ___ . — — —
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. XULY : :
Par-qaet, 25c. any s«at; Balcony. i:«; Chil-
dren. IJc. any part.
15-NEV\/ F»EOF»I-E— IS
LAURA JOYCE BELL A CO.
LA FAFALLA.
ELIZABETH MURRAY.
PHOITES PANTOMIME.
THE ELDRIDCES.
KILPATRICK AND BARBER.
CEORCE WILSON.
MINNIE PALMER.
LES BROWNS.
Last Two Appearances of MADELINE KIL-
PATRICK and V.". H. BARBER, the ScienttSa j
Cyclists. : ■":■'■'' '
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. K. FRIEDLANDEB, Manager.
ONLY MATINEE TO-DAY of
Sard 3 Greatest Comedy-Drama,
MADAME SANS GENE
With That Sterling Actress.
MISS BLANCHE BATES
In the Title Role, and MR. AUGUSTUS COOK ,
in His Oriclnai Creatirn of
"NAPOLEON III."
Pr»ser.:ed is MaeniScvnt Style by T. DANIEL |
"FRAWLEY.
RESERVED SEATS tic. »c. 73c and 11.
MATINEE 25c. *"*: and T3c.
ONLY THREE MORE PERFORMANCES OF
THIS PRODUCTION.
Commeccine Monday Evenir.s: Next. "ONE
OF OUR GIRLS." Brcnson Howard's Beautiful
Comedy-Drama.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
___ [the height OF artistic
t£da\. success.
If ! HEARTSEASE.
SPECIAL MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
MONDAY— SOUVENIR NIGHT.
v- Miller Perfcrrr.ance at This Theater. |
Beg. THURSDAY— E\'ENT.
Charles Frohman's Seeoad Great Shakespearean t
Revival
"HAMLET "
ALCAZAR™
ONLY THREE MORE TIMES OF
LEWIS MORRISON
In a Gcrg-eous Spectacular Production o'
FAUST!
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Positively His Last Appearance ca Any Stage
fof H.« Created Role at
MEPHISTO. k
Big Cast. Strong Chorus and New Scenery.
PHONE MAIN I*4.
PRICES 15c25c35c51:.
Next— FLORENCE ROBERTS IN "ROMEO
AND JULIET. ■'
Udll'v These -xho were Users
„ cay tki Panorama Is a
/-«lf ccrrect representaUoa.
\J L Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
Jy\ nnllQ tocos and evening*.
A<imts»laß» id.
Bay!
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHT 3
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to U P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION. 19..... CHILDREN. Sc |
BatktDCi Including Adasiasloa Be; Children 20c. '
srMzirr s.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THE HOME OF OPERA IN ENGLI -i
ANOTHER ARTISTIC TRTCMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
FAUST!
ORCHESTRA FLOOR. Raserred. SSc and 50c
DRESS CIRCLE. Reserved. Sc.
FAMILY CIRCLE. Reserved, lie
GALLERY, ICe ' 5 .
MATINEE SATCEDAT.
s»xt wmi- 'zz.z:a: of all fan; iperu—
"BOCCACCIO "
a: the Maticees the Best Reserved Seat caa
be purchased tor Zx. Family Circle. ISc
Gallery Me.
Telephone Main C
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY!!
DON'T MISS THE GREAT COMIC OPERA.
WANG!
EDWIN W. STEVENS Is goin? to leave ■■]
"WANG" is Ju«t the thirg- to please th»
children. Br;rtff them to the matinee en SAT-
URD\Y. they vrlii enjoy the senss and dances!
EXTRA— w??sc opening cf the GRAND
OPERA SEASON", with Famous Singers.
"AIDA" and "LUCIA" on Alternate Nigata,
The Greatest Event in Many Years!'
POPULAR PRICES— 2S AND 10 CENTS.
Teiephone, Bush J.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
■ . . :• and n.
OPEN AND SAPLING STAKES.
in— NOMINATIONS— IIS
$1150— TOTAL PRIZE MONEY— SIISO
TRAIN SERVICE.
L«av?s Third and Towasend street?. Satur-
day. 10:13 a. no. ar.i 12: ii p. m. Sunday, 10:15
a. m., II a. m.. : . m. and Ip. — Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returninr from Park immediately after last
course. Eitra trair. from Park en Sunday at
4:i5 p. in. San Mateo Electric cars every tea
minutes.
ADMISSION. Tyc: LADIES FREE.
BASEBALL!
San Francisco
vs.
Santa Cruz.
TO-DA V AT 3 F*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 F*. M.
RECREATION park,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 3 CENTS
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
GLEN PARK.
(Saa Mateo and Mission street car lines direct.)
SUNDAY AND MONDAY, July JOth and 31st.
GRAND TURN FESTIVAL. COMPETITIVE
GYMN\~TIC EXERCISES AND
FIELD SPORTS.
PRIZE SHOOTING— Ka> Cash Prizes.
'^•-' '■'" Sp-jrts f^r' Young and Old.
Aimiasion—^ Cent?.
NEW WESTERN hotel,
KEARNY AND WASKLNGTON sts. — re-
isodtfed aal reno^ated. KING. VTARp *
ICO iSreMMp!"- Rooms. Me ton* day:
i * to KS t» acnth. Free baths; hot
and cold watir every rocm: flrt Srates la every
! room; elevator ress all ui«-t.
78
SPORTS.
SPORTSMEN
FIND DOVES
PLENTIFUL
BIRDS WELL SCATTERED
Olympic Gun Club May Pro
cure ao Additional
Preserve.
The pun men who have sought for d«-er
recently have had fair sport, it being un
usual for any organised party of shooters
to return empty banded after spending a
time in the field. The doves have
• sport, however, as they are
;>!.-r:tlful thai a short trip in any direc
:;n:j results in good sport.
The fifth annual dove stew and shooting
tournament of the Yuba and Sutter Gun
eld to-morrow at Shelton's
Grove, Maryavllle. The stew is famous
among sportsmen throughout the State
and alwayb attracts a large atendance.
The shooting will be at both live birds
and bluerocks. There are six events on
rogramme, for which the best shots
■ will face the trap?. The rep
- of this city will Include Otto
..■r. who has an interest in one of
which the men will shoot;
Haight, A. .1. Webb. Frank Ver-
Sr.aw and Schultz. The officers in
(fair art-:
J. U, Howard, president; W. H. Parks, sec
retary. Committee on reception— Major E. A.
Forbes. W. T. Ellis JV.. F. H. Greeley, R. E.
Hevan J. H. Marcuse. Committee on shooting
tournament— J. W. Steward, J. H. Durst. J.
1.. Howard. E. W. Hanlon. Committee on
Stew-^WUHam McCune, G. W. Hamerly, J. C.
Lumbard. W. F. Kelly. F. W. Buttlenmn. J.
\V. Steward, manager
The officers of th" Olympic Gun club
devising means to advance
the inter.- ers. \-.. addition
ick and d - yes in
various places, they have undej
• . Ritloi ■■ additional pre
serve mi Russian River, Marin County. It
mis well stocked Trout streams, bo
■ • sof artnv- The repre
the ground
lub will b< • x
g Lmekeeper In < ;
who wfll keep p >achers and market hunt
•• the ground. Some of the members
of th< In ady signified their
■ it' building modest summer
on the ground. It is intended as a
whi re a member can go at any time
be sure of good sport and the com
£ friends.
L. S. L'pson. Frank Neubert and Billy
tnento have had ex
rt in ihe Held aft^r doves.
Will I -• ured two dozen doves at
ub preserve. Cordelia, last
is in the n'eld but a short
\V. D. McArthur ar.d J. Hom^r Fritch
• over the Cor
■ -day.
Or. 11. S. Smith tried for deer during
Ithout su<
-1.. : W. F. I
c at Larkspur. From there they
Lasi
ye over White Hill I
: will go up Peialuma way
■ row.
Dr. 1". J. Lane killed a forked horn and
:' his com
:;s killed two deer with one shot
he game ten days without
■ . • ■ k. The two he
shoulder to shoulder, the bullet
_• thmugh both.
M.i. en and his companions, in
are enjoying splendid
sport. They have secured eleven deer in
mply sufficient to supply their camp
much sought for edible.
ugh the efforts of H. \V. Kpller, the
Fish and Game Commissioner, the
• ■■. ■ being enforced In Southern
persons, including a
:■ ■• ■ ntly arrested by a
. . sent Into the field by Mr.
Game Warden W. F. ornbaum of Men
three men during the
v • k ting the gam? laws. One
- . :..• her quail, while the
third . •'.'.'■ deer in his possession.
• Edgren, who is in difficulty with
,i ithoritles, has made an
• i 'ion. He Fays he was assured by
driver that he could shoot
- protected under the
He killed a bird and then carried it
the streets ■■:" Uklah,
would hardly do
;.(- had violated the law.
mn - - W. C. Brown. H
er, Di Wint< rberg, < '. M. <>s
: Frank Lacoste weni
lest of deer on the Tamalpals Club
■ umber of fawns
were started by the dogs, the only bu< k
seen being too far away.
'i.i'.n Gun Club will promote a liv>
■ at Olympic Gun <"lub grounds.
In the r -
■ twenty-six prize
ire sr-veral open events
for club members only.
WILL STRUGGLE
FOR THE LEAD
Santa Cruz and San Francisco
Baseball Teams to Meet on
ti)e Local Diamond.
The coming series of baseball games
promises to be the most exciting seen this
season. There Is keen rivalry between
the San Francisco and Santa Cruz teams,
and hey have always played aggressive
ball against each ether. They are neck
and neck In the league race, and the lead
ership depends on the result of the com
ing struggle. The prospect of. a hoi con
test for lirst place between the two teams
that are playing the fastest ball in the
league has aroused unusual Interest. The
FrIBCOS will have Fitzpatrlck in the box
in both of the games at Recreation Park,
while [berg will do the twirling in the
Sunday morning game at Oakland. Fits-
Patrick will be opposed by Louie Balsz.
Daubenbls will be in the box against
Iberg. Manager Tut tie does not think his
new pitcher, who came here from Salt
Lake, has yet rounded Into form, but he
will be held In reserve. The teams will
appear on the diamond as follows:
San Krancisc.o. Positions. Santa Cruz.
Bwlndellß Catcher Pace
Kitzj.a trick Pitcher Balsz
Sullivan I'll.-,: base Clark
•'Nell Second ban 'Williams
Rlley Third base Devereaux
Kmx Shortstop Kleiber
Mullt-r ]>-ft field Btreib
Pyne Center field Drennan
I ltlderbrandt Right field Arrelanes
. » .
Sunday's Handball Entries.
In addition to the regular entries at
Phil Ryan's handball court, 858 Howard
street, for Sunday's play, there are four
young men under is years Of age, the pj
l<il« of Professor J. Riordan, who will
an exhibition of their skill. The
tries are:
1). J. Sheehan and J. R. Uoekman vs.
E MeDonough and W. H. Sieberst.
E Harry and 1). Regaa vs. T. Foley and
j. Kirby.
D. Rodgers and M. McNeil vs. C. Mc-
Kinnon and <;. McDonald.
i\ Ryan and M. Basch vs. J. Dowllni?
and Ci. Dall.
M. Dillon and P. Hutchinson vs. P.
Kelly and G. Hutchinson.
.i Riordan and K. Curley vs. E. -\la
loney ami J. Harlow.
The event of the day will be a gam-j for
oateur chamj-ionship.
Minnie Adams' Fate.
Mrs. Minnie Adams, charged with the
murder of her infant son, John Richard
Gray, will know her fate to-day. Argu
ment in the case was concluded yesterday
afternoon, and this morning Judge Law
lor will charge the jury. It will then re
lire to deliberate on a verdict, which it
is thought will be decided before noon.
WILL INTRODUCE "SPORT VASCO" IN AMERICA.
JOHX A. HAMMERSMITH, leader of the Olympic Athletic Club, has had several con
ferences during the week with N. Gonzalez y Gonzalez of the City of Mexico regarding the
Introduction her- of a sensational game. This is called "Sport Vasco," and is pronounced
more thrilling than bull-fighting. It Is handball developed 1 em mous proportions. The
players use a peculiar shaped wicker scoop of great strength, which is attached to the
right hand, something aft r the manner of a boxing glove, as shown in the Illustration. Che
cured by this attachment si I ball through the air bo fast that tb
cannot mark its flight. The game originated in the Pyrenees, the mountains which separate
• from Spain. It was played afterward in lirazil and Argentine Republic, the man
troduced it clearing sl,E q there it was transplanted in Mexico, where it has
! . although but a small portion of the population an- patrons of sports. The principal
court in the City of Mexico is a splendid stone structure, which cost $200,000 in silver. The
cost an.', a profit of $100,000 was made off the erame in eight months. The athletic-looking
players shown in the illustration are under contract to Senor Gonzalez. They were trained at
YACHTSMEN WILL
BE THE HOSTS
Cortntrjiar) Sailors Will Entertain
the California Club Mem
bers at Tiburon.
The San Francisco Yacht Club members
had a il moonlight cruise t.> Mc-
Near's last Saturday night, on th< fol-
lowing day they landed on the beach be
tween McNear's hous< and the shrimp
quarters and enjoyed a
chow >n. The Corinthian cruise I
to Petaluma drawbridge was ma
nine yachts, th- of which
little difficulty next day in getting
■ ■ ,; against a flood tide with
a high breeze. On the way down the flag
ship, on the starboard tack, marly col
lided with one of the larger boats which
refused :</ give way. The flagship passed
yacht and
■ snapping the painter. The
• r Is on the ways at Tiburon
put on.
fori on in
vitat! m fr m i
feld, will pay a return visit to th.- i
Tiburon. Ya- ht owners
sted to dress ship. After ihe
nrrivi! of the visitors »> chowder dinnei
will be served under the superintendence
of 1' n John H. Keefe, who Is
his skill In BUCh matters. hi
• ening there will be an impromptu
tairment in the clubhouse. To-mor
row morning colors will be ma<i.- at i a.
m. At 10:30 a. m. there will be a cruise of
the two fleets in squadron under orders
from th^ flagship Aeolus. The following
California yachts will cruise over to Tib
uron: Commodore A. M. Clay's Pactolus,
T. Turnbull's sloop Daisy, < ;. K. Qaither's
sloop V & I, A. <". Lees sloop Surprise.
K. N. Walter and Daughland brothers
sloop Embla, L. Gale's sloop Secret, c. A.
Tarnberg's sloop Vega, the yawl idler, the
p Ku\ai and two or three more. Com
modore Clay has been cruising up river
during th<- past week, but will certainly
be on hand this afternoon. Th<- Califor
nia; flee; will set under way from the club
house as Boon after '.', o'clock this after
■
The schooner yacht La Paloma, recentlj
y!d by V\ r . S. Qoodfellow to Colonel
farlane of Honolulu, has come off the
ways, "ii which she was put In order for
her trip to the Hawaiian Islands. W.
Wood's Angela has been on the ways dur
ing the week, her owner having left her
• isallto last Sunday and returned to
Vallejo.
The preparations for "A Night in Ven
ice" i" be given In Tiburon Cove by the
Corinthian Xacht club and the residents
of Belvedere, acting in conjunction, arc
well under way. Several meetings have
been held and fifteen sab-committees have
been appointed. Captain Nicholson of the
United States gunboat Farragut has
tiromised his. assistance, arid will anchor
his vessel in the cove. Th- central Idea
of the celebration will be the marriage >1
the Adriatic Sea to the Dog. of V
Incidentally the houses on the Island, tie
yachts arks and launches in the cove will
be illuminated. There will be itreworks,
music and a great processioi of launches,
boats and highly ornamental floats. Jam* a
S. Hawkins l« director general, E. H.
Olou/rh secretary 1 , and Charles H, Barrett
'. treasurer. A grand at&pd will be erecte^
! on the hill behind tne Corinthian club
house from which an excellent view can
be obtained. Hugo Keil has offered a prise
for the most artistically decorated yacht;
Carl Westerfeld for the ark; J. W. Pew
for the rowboat, and John H. Keefe for
the haunch displaying the most artistic il
lumination. The sum realized from the
celebration will be expended In dredging
Tiburon Cove and in beautifying Belve
dere.
The San 'Francisco Yacht Club mem
bers, in keeping with the spirit of the
times, have challenged for the perpetual
challenge cup now held by the Corinthian
Club. Th.- challenger is the thirty-foot
sloop Gadder, owned by Mat hew Turner.
Sle- is reputed a fast and an able boat,
and will give the Corinthian yacht a hard
race. This Is the third time the Sausalito
Club has tried for the cup and deserves
credit for the sportsmanship displayed.
The race will probably be sailed in Sep
tember.
At a recent meeting: of the Pacific States
Lawn Tennis Association officers for the
ensuing year were elected. The board as
organized is: R. J. Davis, president; J.
A. Lundsberger. vice president; Sumner
Hardy, secretary treasurer; executive
committee, J. A. Code, George Whitney,
R. G. Hunt and Samuel Hard,y.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATt BDAY, JULY 29, 1899.
GREYHOUNDS OF
CLASS ENTERED
Maoy Celebrated Performers Go
to tr;e Slips To-Day at Union
Coursing Park,-
The - sti k( at Union
. :rk to-day is a lotterj . a< cord
timen. The
highest <•! are entered, and t "n-
wise division say the ultimate winner will
turn up in the greyhound which by chance
is favored with short courses. A long race
the dogs are so evenly matched will
have a decided Influence on the outcome
Btake. The two sapling stakes will
serve to introduce some of thi n>-w bl i
which is expected to plaj a prominent
part in coursing in this country shortly.
[n order to gi\e the small owners a
chance to run their dot's where they will
- company, there will
b< a n lerve stake at union Park next
Sunday. The draw will be held on Mon
day morning.
Hugh Lynch's Mystic Maid has w;-
tight puppies to Hughle (Imp.). Th<
is a three-quarter brother to J. 11. Ros
siter' - unbeaten Fi i Freedom. A
Maid is of Millers Rab-Lady Pembroke
breeding, while H Bir Lankey-M ss
Cruikshanks.
Kay .s. Trant have lost their good dog
illen and a bitch through poison
laid by some vandal, [nnisfallen was by
St. Lawn nce-81y Girl Jr.. being a broth, r
to Billy Gladstone and Mayflower,
era! logs in the Abercroml i< Kennel were.
, oisoned, but were saved.
Handy & Smith's Jennie Wilson whelped
eleven puppies to Sylvanus last Saturday.
Lowe & Thompson will send Patria and
Quickstltch to Lawrence. • Kans.. during
the • ,ming week to be bred to a dog re
cently importer! from England. No ad
vices have been received here either as to
his name or his breeding.
RIFLEMEN AT GLEN PfJRK-
One of the principal features of the fes
tival of the German Turners which ■
■ Ab evening la the rifle-shooting tor
prizes For s< • veeks the mai
ment of Glen Park has been building 200
--yard rifle ranges for the contests and
there will be ample room for all the shoot-
Ing that is to take place. An -nun- new
Bystem ol recording shuts his been de
vised, the figures corresponding with the
riiiKM made, appearing above the bulk
head at the targets. This does away with
th< wheel system in common use here.
As th'- shooting has to be done across th<
valley, the wheel and wins to operate
the same would not be practicable. That
the attendance will be large goes without
saying, for not only will .-ill the local
marksmen be present, but many from
other cities and towns of the State.
The procession of Turners will Btart
from town early to-morrow morning- and
march to the cars going to the park.
Rifles and ammunition will be B< nt out In
wagons. The Bhttoting committee has
been hard at work arranging a pro
gramme that is satisfactory to all. In
this Captain Attinger, the chairman, has
been ably assisted by R. Langer. V. Kom
mer, 1.. lirunne, Joe Casner and Charles
torn. They were allowed $17."> by the
gem rai committee, and the decision was
to have bui one public match, the prize*
of which will be cash only. The prizes
will be $25. $20, SIT 50, ll.'j, $12 50, $10. $9, $8,
$7, %>>. $5, J4. $3 50, $3, $2 50, three of $1 50
and three of $1. A prize of $2 50 will be
given for the last bullseye of the day.
The tickets for shooting will be for three
shots, re-entry. Any rifle between .32 and
.45. Inclusive, will be allowed, and any
sights barring the telescope. On Monday
members only will be allowed to contest,
the prizes being a lirpt and second diploma
for the Highest and next highest scores
of three shots, single entry. The German
twenty-five ring target Is to be employed.
A Big Chief Coming.
Thomas G. Harrison of Indianapolis,
publisher of the Indianapolis Bulletin, Is
on his way to California and will reach
this city next Monday. Mr. Harrison is
the great junior sagamore of the Great
Council of the Improved Order of Red
Men of the United States, the third high
est chief of the order. He is also great
chief of records of the Great Council of
Indiana and a past great sachem of that
council He will be here at the kindling
of the Great Council fire next week and
will ren'.ain several days.
the game from boyhood and are the pick of the men engaged in it, A year ago a third-rate
co" player visiu-d this city, and, using a wooden paddle, defeated "Jack" Bonnet, "Jim"
Nealon and other noted handball experts. The game requires a court 260 feet long, thirty
flve feet wide, and with a stone wall thirty-five feet high and five feet thick, against which
the ball is driven. Experiments have been made with a brick wall, but one of these
lasted only six days, owing to the fierceness of the play. The ball has a rubber
core and a leathern cover and is wound until much harder than a baseball. Two
players ai ged at one time on a side and, ■ •■ Ing to the fierceness of the play, can stand
bui one game a day. They are limited to eight balls for a game, and frequently wear these
out. The prarnr is one "!' science, as the players, by a dexterous turn of the wrist, can per
form wondrous feats with the ball. The game is replete with surprises, every hit being a new
play. In Mexico it Is patronized by the most aristocratic people. A court is being built in
London, where the grame will shortly be introduced. A suitable court, can be constructed for
$20,000. It is possible the Olympic Club directors may arrange to Introduce the game here.
MRS. STANFORD IS THE
ONLY LADY MEMBER OF THE
OLYMPIC ATHLETIC CLUB
Mrs. Jam- T.. Stanford has been
honored by the Olympic Athletic
i "till as no woman has ever been
before in the long years that Insti
tution has been in existence. At
thi last meeting of its directorate
Mrs. Stanford was mad. ;l n honor
ary member as a token of respei t
and of appreciation for the mate
rial aid she has given the club. She
returned to th« officers of the club
recently bonds representing a
value of $5000, with the Interest ac
crued upon them. Mrs. Stanford
may never enter the portal
club, but fhe will always carry
with her the best wishes of its
young men.
STEELHEODS IN
THE EEL RIVER
First Run of the Trout Is Un
usually Early— Striped Bass
Attract Fishermen.
George Weymouth reports the first run
of the steelhead trout has entered Eel
River. On the i'id in.st. Mr. Weymouth's
son took six fish from Weymouth pool,
the largest of which weighed twelve
pounds. This appearance of the Bsh is
unusually early, but will please the fish
ermen who make an annual pilgrimage
to the river. Last year in September over
fifty men went from this city alone.
The striped bass still attract the fish
ermen to Sun Leandro Hay and the tidal
canal. Al dimming. J. K. Orr, A. W.
Wilson, \v. j. McFarland, O. R. Cross,
Colonel Kelihor, C. G. Foung and others
have been successful during the past
week, landing some large fish. W. W.
. Judge Henshaw and other trout
fishermen are anxious to try their skili
on tii.- bass. The lisli range in weight
from 3'» t<> 12 pounds, an average catch
being- about twenty Ash to a boat.
From Pelican Bay cuiks Information
that fishing with the spoon is remarkably
good. With the fly it is different, A. L.
Coombs saying that even clever anglers
have had indifferent success. The hotel
is thronged with anglers.
H. w. Keller, the new Fish and Game
Commissioner, arrived from his home in
Loa Aijgeles on Thursday. In company
with Chief Deputy J. P. Babcock he left
yesterday on a visit to the fish hatchery
•>n Eel River, Hurnboldt County, for the
purpose "f determining what alterations
will be necessary there. This is the sec
ond largest hatchery in the Slate and the
Legislature appropriated $1500 for its im-
provement.
A. T. Vogelsang fished nt Cisco, on the
; south fork of the Vuba, for several days
during the past week.
Pishing continues sood at Tahoc. where i
many p< rsona are enjoying the sport. The j
fishing in the streams of Alpine County
; is also said to be good.
The regular contests of the San Fran- ;
i Cisco Fly-Casting Club will be hold at
, Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park, this after
j noon and to-morrow morning.
SPORTS AT SUTRO BATHS.
The contests at Sutro Baths to-morrow,
with the swimmers and divers entered In
the various events, are as follows:
50-yard dash, novice— J. Kelly. O. Lowenthal.
P. Marston. W. Kin». J. Mugan, C. KitiK, E.
Marston. 100-yard race, juveniles — J. Keogh,
P. Murphy, W. Peters. W. Early, W. Waters,
M. Johnston. Special 180-yard race-Open to
all (non-profeaalonaia). Tub race, i" f| yards,
three prizes— E. Beyer. W. Durnford. 11, Hau
ilain, C. Schwartz, W. JTarTOW, H. Stelljes. G.
Adler. W". Phillipps. E. Wells. C. Augustus,
O. Ehrman, F. Hildebrandt. Trick nn.i fancy
springboard diving— G. Ua Rue, T. Ralston, J.
Gladstone, D. McCann, C. .^tr.ihlin. P. Go
viannl, A. BaKanatori. P. McCowen. Diving:
for plate*— Open t" all juveniles.
Grig-gs— What became of that son-in-law
of yours who failed In business aboul B
year ago? Has he pot on his feet again?
Bribes— Nn: he Is still on my hands.—
Columbus (Ohio.) State Journal.
DEL MONTE WILL
DRAW GOLFERS
An Ambitious Programme Is
Being Arranged for the Last
Week, in August.
The week's carnival of ppnrts to take
; ace ..■ th Hotel del Monte from August
21 to 20 will include a golf tournament.
with contests for ladles and men. ihe
management baa offered a prize, to
led the I >• > Monte cup, for competi
tion among th<- men, and the ladles will
contest for a trophy presented by George
Crocker. A committee of two reprea nta
i'-h of the golf clubs around
San Francisco will draw up the pro
:::<■ and arrange the conditions of the
competitions, it is expected that several
members of clubs In Southern California
will c..m'- up to Del Monte to take part
In th' t< urnament. C. E. Maud, president
of the Riverside Polo and Golf Club, is
desirous to arrange for a match betw< m
t< ams representing the north ar.fi south,
thirty-six holes, match play. He wishes
also to make arrangements for a compe
tition for the State championship between
the eight players making the best score
in the tournament.
Last Saturday afternoon there was a
nine-hole scratch and handicap tourna
ment for ladies at the links or the Ban
Rafael Golf Club. Mrs. \V. C. Bush won
the prize for best gross score with S4, and
.Mrs. J. F. Burke won the award for best
handicap score with a gross of 87 and a
net of 81.
The Council cup was an exhibition at
the clubhouse last Saturday and "will re
main there until after the first compe
tition for it, which will probably take
place on Admission day. The winner of
the competition will have his name en
graved upon the cup, and will receive a
small replica of it to keep permanently,
as the cup will not become the property
of any player until the .same person has
won it thrice.
A month ago Frank S. Johnson, at a
mooting of the council of the San Rafael
«; ■!] Club, suggested the Idea of furnish
ing facilities for bathing. A week ago
s« veral well-equipped bathhouses were
turned over to the members. They are
situated on an arm of the bay running
within two hundred yards of the golf
-••. A salt water swimming pond bas
j already been provided and fresh water
Bhower baths will booh he added. Some
i time ago it was said that a railroad sta-
I tion would be erected near the links on
the line of the California Northwestern
' Railway. Up to the present it bas been
necessary to drive to the links from San
Rafael, but President Foster has deter
mined to put the new station in at an
; early date. It will be named Golf and
I will be a great convenience to golfers and
■ -visitors to the links.
The United States Golf Association has
recently amended section 9 of its by-laws
; which row reads as follows: "No person
shall be considered an amateur golfer who
i has played for a money prize in a match
, or in an open competition, or who has
received money for giving lessons or ex
hibitions of his skill in the game of golf;
or laid out or taken charge of golf links
for hire; or who has ever carried clubs
for lire after attaining the ace of l",
years; or who has ever personally made
I for sale golf clubs, bails or any other
' articles connected with the game of golf;
or who. after the adoption of this section
as amended, shall be classified as a pro
fessional in nay athletic sport." The last
clause disqualifying professionals in any
! sport is more strict than the British rule
I for it has been clearly stated by the"
: greens committee of the St. Andrew's Golf
; Club mat the fact of a man being a pro
fessional in another branch of sport in
no way disqualifies him from being an
amateur at golf. On the same principle
1 professional cricketers In Great Hritaia
| are eligible as members of an amateur
i hockey club or of an amateur football
! club. A professional player of football
has also been permitted to play county
I cricket as an amateur. On general prm
j ciples the latter seems to be the reason
• able rule, for a man is an amateur of
whatever sport or occupation he engages
in !<>r love of it and not for gain. In the
United States, where amateurs and pro
fessionals are nor clearly marked from
1 each other by distinctions of class more
rigid oii'mitions are probably necessary
tlinn in Great Britain. The United States
Golf Association evidently adopts the
j maxim, a professional in one sport a pro
-1 fewslonal in all.
GOFF COULD NOT
GET TO WEIGHT
As a Sequence His Proposed Bout
With prank. McConnell Next
Thursday Is Off.
Charley Goff will not take Al Neill'a
place in the proposed boxing bout be
iwren the latter and Frank McConnell.
When McConnell and Goff met yesterday
to agree upon a match they found them
- at variance <>n th>' important mat
ter of weight. Goff would not make the
match unless allowed to weigh in at 158
pounds. As McConnell is down to 148 he
would not concede so great an advan
tage. The negotiations ended right there.
McConnell and Greun will meet this
morning and will endeavor to agree on
a match at 134 pounds, to take place late
in August They will probably reach an
agreement, as both are anxious for an
other bout.
With no match in prospect, the bouts
in the Olympic Club arena next Friday
night take an added importance. The
principals will be: C. S. Vickers and
George Baker. 12!s pounds; George Simp
son and Charles ThuTßton, catch weights,
and P. Ast and R. A. Woods, 148 pounds.
As all these have established reputations
as boxers, the bouts should prove inter
esting.
WITH ThjE CRICKETERS
In the last communication received from
the secretary of the Los Angeles Cricket
Club the southerner* reiterate the expres
sion of their wish to visit this city and
play a two days' match against the picked
players of Sau Francisco. They can get
together a fairly strong team from the
following: G. Betts, W. S. Belfield. M. G.
Burmester, H. Jones Bateman, R. H. Hay,
•Mr. Chapman. E. Cawston, H. Little, J
E. Martin, C. K. Maud. P. Pedley, J.
Scott, H. Wilfrid Walker, E. B. Ward and
W. H. Young. The southerners are clearly
of the opinion that the cricketers of this
city ought to defray half the cost of
transportation for the visitors, saying
that it has been the custom in Los An
geles to pay the full expenses of visiting
i teams, as was done in the case of a Bak
ersfleld eleven visiting the southern capi
tal, though there was at that time no
organized club there. They say that they
wuuld be willing to pay half the expenses
of any San Francisco team that later
may visit Los Angeles and suggest that
the match might be played on an inclosed
ground and gate money charged.
While the San Francisco cricketers
would be glad to provide board and lodg
ing for the visitors during their stay
I here, it is doubtful whether they will see
i their way clear tn pay half their* traveling
; expenses. It is certain that the associa
tion, which still has painful recollections
of the visit of the Australian team to this
city, cannot sustain any such outlay.
A team of cricketers will leave Portland
on August 5 and will visit Victoria Van
couver Nanaimo and New Westminster
playing against the local elevens They
; will return to Portland on Sunday Au
! gust 13. E. D. Severs, a former member
I of the Pacific Club, who now lives in Port
i land, is one of the team, and has written
I to this city asking J. J. Theobald and
H. H. < oekson to Join it. The former has
: just rf turned from his annual vacation
| The latter is now residing in Santa Clara
County, and might bf willing to go on
I the northern tour. J. T. A. Tiedemann
well known as an excellent fielder for the
Pacific Club, will be in the toam.whch
will be captained by Mr. Lawrence
I To-morrow the fourth of the six series
! of matches between the three city clubs
for the Brown pennant will take place at
Alameda. the competitors being the Cali
fornia and Pacific elevens. The scarlet
and black will be worn by George Theo
bald, J. J Theobald, Fane Sewell J
Myers, C. Simmonrts C. P Coles J h
? arboU i"'-r^- U '- H. P. G. Gor
don and w. McDonald or H. C. Casidv
/. he , California team will be selected from
the following: E. G. Sloman, F. M. Gunn
; Arthur Dickinson. A. Schroeder A D
Reynolds W. Reeves. W. R. Hammond;
J. D. Robertson. G. C. Farrell, A. Willis
A.-E. Altken and O. J. Thomas. The
( allfornia I lub has received the following
, new members during July: Joseph Brown
Edwin Booth E. J. Loughman, G. J.
• Hawkins. ( harles Weston, John Weston
!A. B. Lubbock and J. J. Richmond It
I now has forty-five members on its list
Philip Edward McLean has recently
j joined the Alameda club and William An-
I gus has become a member of the Pacifies
OARSMEN
TO GOVERN
THEMSELVES
FORM A NEW ASSOCIATION
Astoria Regatta the Rendez
vous oP the Coast
Scullers.
The absorbing topic among oarsmen is
the forthcoming rowing regatta to be heid
at Astoria. It is the sixth annual aquatic
carnival held there and will take place
on August 21 and 22. Much progress has
been made toward the formation of a new
organization to be named the Puciric
Coast Association of Amateur Oarsmen,
to include all the rowing clubs from Brit
ish Columbia to San Diego. A coj
the proposed constitution and by-;..-
--the new association has been sent to this
city, and has already been signed by J.
R. Bockman on behalf of the Ariel~. by
\Y. ( . Espy on behalf of the Pioneers, by
A. P. Roihkopf as the representative of
the Dalphins and by S. J. Pembroke for
the Alamedas. It has been handi
Georgo James as representative of the
Olympic Boat Club, and will be s-ant to
J. J3. Budd us president of the Stockton
Athletic Association tor signatures. The
Astoria Rowing Association has --
the document, and copies have been sent
to Portland and also to Victoria and Van
couver, B. <_'. Each rowing dub haa
requested to sena delegates and to name
one of its members to serve on the board
of directors. Inert- was at ftrsl some talk
of opposition from the regatta commit
tee of the Pacific Association of the Ama
teur Athletic Union, which will be shorn
of some of its importance by the new or
ganisation, and which resented th<
chat the promoter? of the new association
did not consult the committee or take it
into us confidence. The opposition, how
ever, r j s faded away and tn«r new
elation may be regarded tin to
come Into existence. Its headquarters
will be at Astoria, and for the Hrst time
there will really be such a thing :ih a
Pacific Coast championship in rowing.
Hitherto th-* so-called "champions of the
Pacific Coast" have been merely cham
pions of the bay of San Francisco and its
tributary streams. The Pacific Asa
tion will now have to confine itself to the
management of track and field events
i which fall properly within its jurisdiction
as a branch of the Amateur Athletic
Union) and of local regattas, over which
It has assumed control by virtue of an
amendment to its constitution.
The coming Astoria regatta bids fair to
be highly successful. The University of
California crew will go, with A] Leah as
trainer, and will probably reach A
early enough to take part in the track
and field games to be held on Augu
in which two or three- Stanford men will
participate. The university crew will
probably row in the Stockton barge. The
Alameda senior barge crew have all ob
tained leave of absence from their em
ployers and will be in excellent condition
for the races. Barge crews of the P-mth
Knds. Pioneers and Ariels will have a
try-out; and the winning four will go to
the regatta. Dr. C. C. Dennis will pull in
shell and outrigged skiff, the use >>f \
fine shell having been offered him by the
Astoria Boat Club. J. Foley will" also
pull In both events.
The pingle-shell race will be rowed in
heats, and if Dr. C. C. Dennis and another
San Francisco man should both win their
heats the use of a second shell can be ob
tained. H. \Vittkopf. who was formerly
shell champion of the bay. is desirous to
go. and C. L. Ochs of the Pioneers may
also make the trip if he can get a boat.
The city of Portland has offered a tine
silver cup as a prize for the single-shell
race, which will be keenly contested, as,
besides the San Francises men. Alexander,
Patton and one or two other northerners
are entered.
The four-oared shell race will also pro
duce a "-ood struggle, for the two Vancou
ver clubs have made up one crew between
them, taking the bent men from each
The executive committee consists of (',. C.
Fulton, president: Harrison Allen, secre
tary, and E. C. Hughes, treasurer. The
committee has announced its intention of
ratifying- all arrangements made on its be
half by its local representative. S. J. Pem
broke, who will be its guest during the
carnival. If the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union sees fit to enter
a crew the committee will' be glad to ac
cept the entry.
At the last meeting of the Alameda
Boating Club S. J. Pembroke was chosen
as its representative on the board of di
rectors of the Pacific Coast Association
of amateur oarsmen. The newly elected
officers entertained the members with mu
sic, refreshments and a trip on the estu
ary in launches.
The South End Rowing Club at its last
meeting appointed Dr. C. C. Dennis and
J. Foley Its representatives to the associa
tion about to be formed and gave them
full power to act. If the South Ends ger
their new barge, which is now ready the
"Midgets" may take the northern trip
though it is doubtful whether Frank Du
plissea can go. R. Mac Arthur. Emil Blum
lein. M. J. Breen and George Bates were
out in a barge last Sunday. J. Foley Is
practicing in the skiff, and has improved
in his work. If the South Ends desire to
send R. Mac Arthur to Astoria his case
should be brought up before the registra
tion commissioners, who should definitely
settle the question of his status and either
pronounce him a professional or clear him
entirely. Up to the present time the ques
tion has been shirked. The registration
commissioners have behaved like the man
who pulls the trigger of a gun and then
runs away at the report.
The Pioneer senior barge crew, consist
ing of the Lawaon brothers. O'Neill and
"Wilder, have been out together two or
three times lately.
There are many signs of a revival of In
terest In rowing at Stockton, which pro
poses next year to send a barge crew to
the carnival In northern waters.
A NOTED TERRIER DIES.
Lovers of the dog will hear with regret
that Mrs. H. H. Carlton's famous Boston
terrier, Oakslde Bessie, is dead. Last
Sunday she underwent an operation but
in vain. Two of the most skillful veteri
narians on the coast, Drs. Skaife and
Steers, did all that was possible to .save
her. but their efforts were fruitless. Oak
side Bessie's bench show career has been
one uninterrupted success. She captured
first prize every time she was shown. A
nobler, better tempered or more faithful
dog never breathed. Her intelligent af
fection for her mistress seemed human.
M. Abrahams has sent his English set
ter bitch Dolly to Fa-rmington. Mo., to
be bred to H. • B. Ledbetter's Marie's
Sport.
H. C. Wegener has sold to Charles G.
Lipman a black Cocker dog puppy by
< hampion Havoc, out of Champion Polly
Pastime.
Norman J. Stewart of Aromas has sold
to Byron Erkcnbrecher of Los Angeles a
black and white collie dog puppy by Orm
skirk Blucher, out of Crapton Moss Rose
and to Miss L. E. Hart of Santa Barbara,
a brother of the same.
Charles R. Harker of San Jose has sold
to W. Rutherford the St. Bernard bitch.
Countess Roseville. by Champion Melrose,
out of Valkyrie. He has also sold to A.
G. Wilson, Lady Pattie, by Lord Lomond,
out of Graceful.
H. H. Carlton has suffered a relapse
and is again indisposed. Prize winners
at the recent San Francisco show will
soon receive their diplomas, the complex
ion of which has been retarded by Mr.
Carlton's illness.
H. T Payne is about to breed his Eng
lish setter bitch. Countess Noble, to Ve
rona Kennels' champion, Count Glad
stone IV.
A. Sorenson Reinstated.
The Secretary of the Treasury yester
day reinstated A. Sorenson as Customs
Inspector. Mr. Soren^nn was dismissed oy
Collector Wise, Collector Jackson's prede
cessor, it was alleged for political rea
sons.BRIAR SWEET
WINS A DASH
AT BRIGHTON
First in the Jamaica
Stakes.
ALL OUT AT THE FINISH
MATTER PILOTS THE CALIFORNIA
TURF QUEEN.
Midlight. Racivan and Imp. Mistral
II Among the Western Horses to
Earn Brackets on Over-
Mountain Tracks.
I i The Ca'.l.
NEW YORK, July CS.-The chief event
on the card for -day's races at Brighton
Beach was the Jamaica stakes at seven
furlongs^ in which there were four en
trirs. but King Barleycorn was scratched
and Briar Sweet was the favorite. Peep
o' Day was heavily backed, Isldor being
the outsider. The start was made
promptly? nd in spite of his impost Tsidor
cut out the running, carrying the others
at a merry clip around the lower turn
and through the back stretch. As they
rounded the per turn Maher sent Briar
Sweot along and when straightened out
for home the mare was in front and won
all out by a hall" length from Isidor. Re
sults:
-Mile and an eighth, selling— Dan Cupid won,
Ilrahmin second, :?atinw.x>d third. Time,
1:55 2-5.
Five furlongs — Len Chandler won, I>ady Un
cas second, Lib..- third. Time. 1:013-5.
One mile— Exit won. Wait Not second, Klon
dike Queen tbi-J. Time, 1:42.
Jamaica stakes, seven furlongs— Briar Sweet
•won. Isidor second. Peep .5" Day third. Time,
1:27 1-5.
Six furlongs selllTiK— Peace won. Abuse sec
ond. Galalt-.ee third. Time. 1:14 1-5.
One mile— St. Olair won, I^iukland second.
Klondike third. Time. 1:41 1-5.
ST. LOUIS, July 25. -Track fast. Results:
One mile.- telling — Eltbolln won, Rushflelda
second, Klsmoie third. Tin-.", 1:15.
Six furlongs, selling— Elbe won, Necklace
pecond. Hen Sen third. Time. 1:15.
Five furlongs, maiden two-year-old fillies-
May Klla wen. May I <lo second, Two Slipper
third. Time. 1:02%.
Five .md a haif furlongs, heats, selling—
First he:it, Rarriso won. Chenille second. Vill
mar third. Time. l:oS*i.
Second heat— Vlllmar won, Libbie second,
.l^arriso third. Time. l:fis\.
Run-off— Villmar wen, JJarriyo second. Time,
Seven furior.gs. selling— Katie Gibbons won,
Florissant second, Koenig third. Time, l:29Vi.
Six furlongs — Lady Osborn won. Foxey sec
end, Arriistad third. Time, 1:15.
SARATOGA. N. Y. July 28. Th" favorites
rul!ed off all of the five ract;.-i on the Saratoga
Racing Association's trark this afternoon. The
weather and track were fine. Results:
■■■ . - ■ ■-..'.-■
Five and a half furlongs— Sakhrat won,
S.'hnell Laufer second, I>ear Heart third. Time,
1 :«i..
Five and a half furlongs— Midlight won. Kilt
second. Rideau third. Time. 1:0*4.
One and an eighth miles— Fih»n . Or won. The
Bachelor second. Tragedian third. Time. 1:54 1 -
Seven furlong^-Bardella won. Myth second,
Sister Alice third. Time. 1:29^4.
One and a sixteenth miles— Trillo won. Bon
Ino second. Miss I'atron third. Time, l:4S3i.
CHIC July 2S.— Weather clear and track
last at Harlem to-day. Result?:
Six furlongs — Grey John won. Princess Mur
phy second. Brown Pick third. Time. 1:15.
Five furlongs, selling — Nullah won. Clara
Wooley second. Lovable third. Time, i n%.
One mile— Racivan won, Aureole second,
Canace third. Time, 1:414.
Six furlongs — Algaretta won. Flora Louise
second. Lucky Star third. Time. 1:14.
One mile-Imp. Mistral II won. Foncllffe Foe
ond. Three Bars third. Time. 1:41.
Five and a ha'.f fur'.omrs— Merits won, San
Cecilia second. Lew Kraft third. Time, 1:08.
. - ■
DETROIT. July 2?.— The weather was clear,
the track fast and the attendance large at
Windsor to-day. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Corialls won. Our Lizzie
Fecond Quaver third. Time. 1 :13^4-
Four ;ind a half furlongs, selling— Yoloco
■won. Isabinda sf-cond, Marie OrendorfT third.
One' mile— Red Pirate won, Guilder second,
Nero third. Time, 1:42.
Five furlongs — Hie Away won. Ofoto second,
Kyes of Rlue third. Time. 1:02 V.;.
One and an eighth mile?— Richardson won,
EUsmere second. I^t^her third. Tim». 1:56%:
One and an eighth miles, selling— Rotterdam
won. Lady of th» West second, Henry Launt
third Tlmf, 1:544.
LICENSES COURSING PABKS.
Ordinance Adopted by the San Mateo
Supervisors.
REDWOOD. July 2S.— The "rd ot
Piip^rvisors of San Mateo County has
passed an ordinance licensing coursing
parks and permitting poolseUing within
the inclnpures of regularly licensed parks.
The ordinance takes effect on August 1-
New Dental College.
Articles of incorporation of the Califor
nia College of Dental Surgery were ilied.
yesterday. The directors are S. W. Den
nis. George W. Tnw!f Jr.. George Thomas
I'age. John W. Doubleday and William
M. Murphy.
PREPARING FOR ADMISSION
DAY CELEBRATION, SEPT, 9
President and Secretary of the Joint Committee of
the Native Sons.
g— 3HE joint 9th of September celebration committee, at its second meet- ©
THE in Balhoa of September Native Sons' building, was advised by the #
Ing In Balboa JLiM. in the Native Sons' building, was advised by the £
I transportation committee— J. P. Dockery, F. TV. I^ees and P. V. Long— ¥
Jl that the railroad had agreed to give a $2 rate for round-trip tick- A
ets from San Francisco. Oakland and Alameda. It was agreed that <$•>
the price of tickets to individuals shall be $2 50. 9
A proposition that the profits of the celebration be turned Into the 1900 eel- X
ebration fund was discussed at length, and it was decided that the profits be di- <|
vided pro rata among the several parlors participating in the celebration, with 0
a recommendation that the parlors apply Buch profits to their 1900 celebration. <?>
The committee will meet again this evening. «
BOAT CREWS IN
CLOSE FINISHES
ON THE CHARLES
Regatta of Amateur
Oarsmen.
SENIORWON BY PENNSYLVANIA
FOtTR-OARED TEAMS PUT UP AN
EXCITING RACE.
»
Three Boats Race Over the Two-Mile
Course in a False Contest, Fail
ing to Heed the Referee's
Older to Stop.
Special Pispat.-h to The Call.
BOSTON. July 2*.— With one exception
In the big regatta of
. n Of A; .
I on th^ Charles Rlv -r. ;
prov< d tnt< ;-'->: ; nir Mad exciting, the senior
four- which was won by Penn
respect to close
*ho first heats in both the Inter
ite -'-ulls and the association senior
s was not far behind in the way of
furnishing excitement, O'Keefe of Spring
winning the former and John Ru
mohr . Ont., taking the lat
■
[f the two-mile- puil of the intermediate
eighth had bet red as a race that
would I as a con
■ test full of excitement, but unfortunately
r< ws, the Vespers of I'hiladel
met with an accident, and the other
refusing to heed the referee's
whistle, kept n to a in, with the
New York Athletic Club in the lead. The
referee decided It no race, umu the event
will be pulled -iff to-morrow.
Bett< md racing could
scarcely have been desired, and a crowd
d the river bank enjoyed all three
immensely. The Charles wa .- ; acid as
;>ical mill pond, with only a light
breeze blowing up the river which
rcely rippled the water and died out
• re the ra fairly
irse was the usual mile and
[ a hair", with a turn, all tl i starting
- the under boat
• was not a protest to be con
. day? sport.
The - . nior four-oared shell race
was easily the feature of the afternoon.
Three crews v. -the race —
sylvania Barge Club of Phila
: '"lllb Of
Ont., and the Western Rowing
f St. 1 .- the lattei crew was
■ from the start. Penn
sylvania and Brockville were very evenly
hed, but the former had in Dempsey
a stroke that pi r them the
■ idi na ha.i the la-st of the
stroke and
a have little dlffl
dning a lead to the turn.
sylvania, however, was not a
• i! the mark w
1 have v.-. i the same
ff if it had not made a bad
• T he turn.
■s boat around In
■ stri k- .- ■
when the two crev I away
- ■.■ re Dempsey put the
■ tire into his crew that at thi
watt r
■
mile 1 riven 1 raft until it
■ m that
w,!> excit
■ -■' ••'! at
yards from the
;;■■ :i his clubmat* s
and hi i a w.irk hims--lf.
the Pei ■ •• ■ ■ shoot their
i shell . r the Canadians
In the nrst heat of the intermediate
singles O'K< ■ : [ S] tii ».-•.■■ d had a hard
ist Boston fr<-m
. .lied a long
to the turn, rounding two
■ lengths behin I I • X- efe and Crawford, the
latter of the New York Athletic Club, who
aving a hot brush to the mark.
.• after heading for the finish Gn
-: - nr.d passing Craw
■Jt, started
the two had a grand
; batttle to the finish. O'Keefe got th
; but both men will be in the final heat to
■ ■ w.
John Rumohr of Rat Portage was the
star in thi I the- ass<«
his quick, dashing
stroke ca - crowd. Both Kubick
and i !n a hot race to the
madian managed to swing
; first ami started for home with a slight
• on more st«-am
st caught Rumohr at the mile,
■ .in that point to the line it was the
' work. Rumohr getting the
few feet over his opponent. The
I time. 6:08%, was the best or the day in
The fir.st race of the senior pair-oared
was h. tween the Pennsylvania Kirt?>
and the Vesper Boat Club, both of
Philadelphia. The former had no difficulty
in winning out by four lengths.
two competed in the second trial
•f the intermediate single sculls, and
• Toronto almost rowed away
: Frank Kerris of Worcester.
The second heat in the association senior
singles was also in the nature of a pro
cession, although Pope of the B. A. A.
Juvenal of Philadelphia a tussle for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 39, 1899.
the second place, Titus of New Orleans
being scarcely headed from the start, fin
ishing ahead by two lengths.
Young Ten Eycke and his partner,
Charles H. Lewis, had a walkover in the
senior double sculls, and they led the Del
aware Boat Club pair at the finish by
nearly a (Jozen lengths.
With the smaller races out of the way
the four big eight-oared crews — the Now
York Athletic Club, the Vesper of Phila
delphia, the Atlantas of Springfield and
the Schoolboy crew of the Boston Ath
letic Association — started up the river for
their two-mile straightaway contest.
There was some slight delay at the start,
but at last all four got away, with the
New York Athletic Club in the lead. An
eighth of a mile from the start the Ves
per crew suddenly stopped rowing and
No. 7 threw up his hands. The starter
called and called for the other three crows
to cease rowing, but the fight was too
fierce, and not one of them dared to give
up, although the starter's warning was
reinforced by the whistle on board the
refereee'a boat. The three crews, how
ever, still kept on, and the race developed
into a erand contest between the New
York Athletic Club and Schoolboys.
There wac great commotion as the crew.?
neared the finish and the two went over
the line amid cheers, and it was not until
the judge at the finish had announced the
decision that it was known which went
over 'he line first. The Atlantas were
two lengths behind, and the time taken
unofficially was 7:52 2-5. Referee Stimp
ton. after hearing the statement of the
starter, announced that the contest was
no race. To-morrow the great contest la
the three-cornered race between Maguire,
Ten Eycke and "Whitehead. Results:
Senior pair oared shells — Won by Pennsylva
nia Barge Club, Philadelphia (Hugh Monaghan,
bow; John O. Exley. stroke). Time. 10:5<Hi.
Intermediate single sculls— First heat v.-on by
Jam.--* O'Keefe Atlantic Boat Club, Spring
field. Time. 10:31.
S< nd hf-nt won by Jamps C. Mason, Arjrnn
aut Rowing Club, Toronto. Time, 10:26.
Association senior ails -First heat won by
John Rutnohr, ■:> ■ Portage Rowing Club, Rat
Portage. Or.t. Time, 10:dCH.
Second heat won by C. S. Titus, Young Men's
Gymnastic Rowing Club, New Orleans. Time,
10:12. -- ". . : i-
Senior four-oared shells — Final? won by Penn
sylvania Bar?e Club (High Monaghan. bow;
John O. Exley, Ed Marsh, J. F. Dempsey,
strokes). Time. S:4SU.
Senior tluuble sculls— Final won by Wau
ehußetts Boat Club (Charles A. Lewis, bow;
HE RFD DOG RESTRAINING DAM IN GREENHORN CREEK.
This darn Is of log. X and brush built on plans approved by th« Federal en
them inspected at Intervals. Tht tail ml Red Dog
hydraulic mine above ar» caught in tlu basin. This mine has been shut down
■ try injunction granted the Anti-Debris Association by a Sutter County
ver 300 mines have ; I perate under the Caminetti law
Tl '-•■■ ' : tioi s the !►■£ • '
tens* • " tin and on the- issue depends the life of the Caminetti law.
: 'an T°n Eycke, stroke). Time,
BROOKLYN FAILS
TO SCORE A RUN
Cuppy's Magnificent Pitching Wins
the Game for Tebeau's
Men.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....IS 27 .882 jPKtsburg ...44 42 .512
Boston 53 33 .616 ;CincinnaU ..41 43 .488
St. Louis 5'J 34 Louisville ...35 49 .417 ;
Philadelphia &) 35 .r.SSNc-w Y0rk. ..35 52 .432
nkltimore ...50 35 .s*B; Washington 32 56 .3^4
Cnicago 46 37. .554; Cleveland ...15 71 .174
ST. LOUIS, July 2S.— Puppy came to his old
form to-day and was unhlttable. Seven hits
scattered through nine Innings were all the
Superbas could get. Two men were out In the
ninth before a Hanlnnite saw second base. At
tendance. 3100. Score:
SCOUTS R- H. E
St. Louis 5 9 0
Brooklyn 0 " "
Batteries— Cuppy and O'Connor; Dunn and
McGu'ire. Umpires— Emelie and McDonald.
■■ -
LOUISVILLE, July 28.— The Bostons found
Phllippl In the first and ninth Innings ami
won a highly Interesting game. Attendance,
;■■ ■ . Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 16 1
Boston * 7 2
Batteries— Phtlippi and Powers; Willis and
Clarke. Umpires— Manapsau and Smith.
BALTIMORE. July 28.— Cleveland made a j
lamentable showing to-day, losing both games ,
to the Baltlmores by one-sided playing. The
visitors played with a don't-care spirit and
seemed to be willing to lose. Kitson in the
first and Howell in the second were effective
against the Wanderers. Hughey, who hap been
a terror to the Birds, was a victim of fast in
side work, and Schmidt was given miserable
support The second game was called at the
end of the fifth inning to permit the Clevelands
to catch a train. Attendance. 1600. Score of
first game:
Clubs- R- H. E
Baltimore 8 „ i
Cleveland * ' ? !
Batteries— Kitson and Robinson; Hughey and ;
Schrecongost. Umpires — Snyder and Gaffney.
Score of second game:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Baltimore 8 9 1
Cleveland 2 . \ }\
Batteries— Howell and Crlaham; Schmidt and
Sugden. . Umpires— Snyder and Gaffney.
CHICAGO, July 2 ; . — Awful blunders by Con
nor coupled with foolish base-running, pre
sented to-elay"s same to the Phillies after Gar- ;
yin had pitched magnificent ball, allowing but
three scattered singles and striking out five
men. Attendance, 1600. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E -
Chicago Too
Philadelphia •••• * „■ 3 ?
Batteries— Garvin and Donahue: Platt and
McFarlaad. Umpires— O"Day and McGarr.
PITTSBURG, July 28.— Pittsburg and Wash
ington split even to-day on a double-header.
The only feature in either game was in the
ninth Inning of the second game, when Wash- j
ington with one out and men on two bases,
had a' chance to win. but Beaumont fielded
O'Brien's high fly so quickly that Mercer could :
not score from third base and the double play
won the game. Attendance, 3SOO. Score of
first game:
Clubs- R- H. E
Pittsburg 1 1 I
Washington •-■:••. ™ 9 i
Batteries— l^ever and Schrlver; Dtneen and
Kittredge. Umpires— Swartwod and Hunt.
Score of second game:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Plttsbtlrg 8 9 4
Washington 5 11 6
Batteries— Chesbro and Bowerman; Weyhlng.
Carsey and Duncan. Umpires— Swart wood and ;
Hunt. . :•■:■'■ j
Maritime Decisions.
United States District Judge de Haven
handed down an opinion yesterday in
favor of the plaintiff in the suit of H. C.
Groeper and others, owners of the schoon
er Mary Buhne. The suit was to recover
damages sustained by the plaintiffs'
schooner Jennie Thelin in a collision with
the Mary Buhne in the Pacific Ocean on
June 29 of this year. United States Court
Commissioner Morse was authorized to
ascertain and report to the court the
amount of damages sutained.
Judge de Haven also dismissed the libel
of intervention of the Humboldt Manu
facturers' Association against the schoon
er Jennie Thelin, neither party to recover
costs.
HYDRAULIC WAR
OPENED AGAINN
IN THE VALLEY
The Caminetti Law Is
Assailed.
MINERS TAKE UP THE FIGHT
; SUTTER COUNTY ENJOINS THE
RED DOG MINE.
The California Miners' Association
Assumes the Defense in Behalf
of the Reviving In
dustry.
The hydraulic miners and tho Anti
Debris Association of the Sacrament
Valley have again squared off for a big
legal fight after some years of practical
peace under the restraining influences o
the I Jaminetti law.
Robert T. Devlin, manager and attorney
of the reaWy defunct Anti-Debris Asso
elation, !>ns brought Buits in Suiter Coun
ty t<> !• strain m\m Nevada County hydrau
lie mines fmm operating further, al
these companies have built pri
vt their workings to im .
their tailfngs according to plans <
approved by the Federal engineers com- |
I posing the California Debris Cnmmi.^inr,,
secured the commission's permit to mine
after Inspection of the dams ami have
otherwise obeyed the requirements of the
i Caminetti law.
This law of Congress places the regula
tion of hydraulic mining on the water-
Bheds of the navigable streams of this
! State -wholly In the hands of these Fed
i eral engineers. It is net allege.! that the
Caminetti law has been infracted. The
suits Ignore this ln.w and a«sumt that the
courts may ignore it at their dlscn tion
and stop any hydraulic mining, n gard
bris < "ftmmission's li<
tliat i Blurt ■ urt may review the com
mission's acts. This would nullify the
.Cam!;.": law and again practically stop
hydraulic mmli
One Buit has been brought in Sutter
County In the name of that county en
joining the Kate Hayes hydraulic mine of
Neva la County and against the
Red l>ufc mine on <'.:
Y'ju Bet, Nevada County. The streams
: on which these mines are dram into the
• Bear and the Bear Into the Feather. The
i Red Dog company began mining behind
their dam under a permit, according- to
the Caminetti law. in January of last
year. .Their approved log dam is now
i thirty feet high, it having been raised as
; the reservoir filled with tailings. The de
j bris that has gone into the B^nr ha -
| that suspended in the water pouring over
the dam.
The suit simply alleges that the de
fendants have damaged two bridges
across the Bear River near W'heatland
one across the Feather at Marysvi:
j also a hospital, all through filling up the
river. The suit is Bimply to Test the con
stitutionality of the Caminetti law. On
th ir.st. :hp Superior Court of B
County temporarily enjoined the Red Dog
mine In the face of the Caminetti law.
The danger to this law, for which the
miners worked bo hard so Long, has led
the California Miners' Association to
strongly take up the cause of the defend
ants. From the beginning the policy Of
the association has been conciliation, but
now it is fight. The executive committee
held a sj.ecial meeting on the matter at
the Union League ciub Tuesday Presi
dent .T. 11. Nefr in the chair. Many San
Francisco members were present and
among others were John MoMurray of
Trinity County, Harold T. Power of ' Pl
acer, A. H. Ten Broeck of El Dorado, Ma
lor Mcßride of Nevada, A. Ekman of
liutte and C. C. Derby of Santa Clara,
James Spaulding. president of the Red
Dog Company, and W. F. Engleb'right,
viry, were present.
During a long and spirited discussion
it was decided to take up the fight in
behalf of all the hydraulic miners and to
mon< v 'M carry on the Mght to the.
A special committee was appointed
lire counsel. Thus a long legal war
seems launched. The battle, however,
• revive the fierceness and hitter
f the old fight, which ended with the
Sawyer decision and the paralysis of hy
draulic mining nearly twenty years ago.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
G. Loeb, C. W. Quilty and L. M. Pinard
of Santa Clara County petitioned the
T'nited States District Court yesterday to
declare insolvent the Azule Seltzer Water
Company of San Jose.
T. Hutton of Oakland filed a petition,
stating his llbilities at $1828 05 and his as
sets at $625.
H. W. Cowell, formerly president of the
foreclosed Stanislaus and San Joaquin
Water Company, filed a petition, stating
his liabilities at $193,815 15 and his assets
at $26,500, most of which assets value is in
land. Arthur Levinsky. Mr. Cowell's at- !
torney, explains that Mr. Cowell's liabil- I
ities are as a stockholder in the bankrupt |
company for the debts of the company, !
under the statute, and not for any of his ■
individual nd personal Indebtedness.
Swiss Shooting Festival.
The Swiss colony of San Francisco,
through Attllio Mona, yesterday tele
graphed to Augustino Solarl, president of
the committee in charge of the target
ehootinc festival now in progress in
Switzerland, the sum of 200 francs to be
used as a cash prize to be awarded to
shoofrs. This Is the largest contribu-
L tion frorr any Swiss colony In the United
States. New York sent on 125 francs.
Still More counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has juet unearthed an
i other band of counterfeiters and secured a
large quantity of b"gns bills, which are bo
cleverly execute'! that the average person
would never euspect them of being spurious
I Things of great value are always selected for
imitation, notably Hngtetter's Stomach Bitters,
1 which has many imitators but no equals for
disorders like Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipa
tion, nerve usness and general debility. Always
go to reliable druggists who have tlie reputation
I of giving what you ask for.
OPERA THAT
IS WORTHY OF
RECOGNITION
j THE production at the Grand Opera-
I house this week wins a favorable
I criticism through its general excel
lence. Faust, Marguerite, Siebel,
Valentine anc he chorus demand recog
nition and receive it repeatedly for both
solo and ensemble work. Marguerite and
Siebel are especially worthy performers,
for both Miss Mason and Miss Ladd have
dramatic ability not too often found in
the operatic world. Many a time at high
priced attractions we have heard .their
parts sung nut half so well and seen
them acted— not at all. Spinning song,
| jewel song, flower song — all the gems of
the opera come to us with their full
meaning and send us away in a mood
for humming and a humor for remem
bering. Miss Ladd does Siebel from her
inmost consciousness and tills in orches
tral pauses with such natural and appro
! priate action that special mention is quite
in place. This holding the stage while
the orchestra sings on is generally done
with a stride or two, a gesture heaven
ward and chestward, a gulp and a gasp :
and a final inflation of the lungs against j
the approaching solo. Miss Ladd, to this !
traditional business, may ever plead not
guilty and ever be acquitted. The chorus |
at this theater is timed and tuned- and
; modulated by an Intelligent baton and so
! generous in numbers that stylelace shout
-1 ing is never called upon to do duty in
answer to the command fortissimo. The
! public should look to it that they make j
: themselves worthy of this generosity by | ,
i being decently grateful and not compla- i j
ceotly taking for granted what their i ;
past experience has seldom held. The , |
mistake of the production lies in casting i
William Wolff as Mephisto. It is not only
a mistake, but it is not fair to Mr. Wolff, ]
who, when given the right parts, never
fails to impress an audience with his |
! ability. As Mephisto, he is impossible ■
I and comes ever upon the scene an in
trusion from farce comedy. The rene- j
gade, the fallen angel, the subtle, sneak-
Ing Insidious fiend, chuckling over his
successful villainies, find no favor in his '
performance. Such a devil as he, in such ;
rude health, with such a comedian's voice. ;
would kill" the cause he would support '
and magnetic, compelling temptation to
sin would soon become as extinct as the
dodo. Faust, if passionate, was intelli- ;
gent and cultured, and no clown could |
ever lure him to hades. Let us give the
gifts that we have to th opportunities
that lie in our way and if, as part of a
stock conrpany, we crave the things that
should not be, the manager, reading i
aright our erring souls, should give to ;
us what we would ask could we see.
Whatever masterpieces may yet lie hid
den in the soul of William Wolff, and we (
believe there are many, they will never i
reach the light in Mephistophelian form.
The last act is fine. Gounod's music here ,
would stir the soul of a clod, He well ;
understood how to reach the emotions
through tragic melody. Like Mephisto
himself, "though not omniscient, much
to him was known." The electric effects
are good and the scenery clean and fresh ■
and pleasant to the eye from this point I
of view, but the atmosphere of vine-clad
Virginia homes with Gothic cathedral dis
tance effects does not suggest the abiding j
place of Marguerite. A few properties,
wholly unnecessary and quite Incorrect,
coaxed out for purposes of decoration,
should be wheeled back to the niches ;
from which they were lured. Must the
easy, wide and gentle road that leads
to a correct understanding of period for- ,
i ever remain a terra incog, to the man
who holds our scenic fate In his well- j
intentioned grasp? Next week merry
'■ BOCCaCCI °'cHA R b LOTTB Ve THOMPSON.
; Free Vaccination for Customs Officers.
i Customs Surveyor Spear has notified all
! the employes of his department that Fed
eral Quarantine Officer Dr. Kinyoun has
offered to vaccinate, free of charge all
customs- employes engaged in boarding
vessels or in handling foreign cargoes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-
Notice of Reward.
Blackwell's Durham Tobacco
Company will pay
FIFTY DOLLARS
(U. S. gold coin) as a
REWARD
to any one securing the arrest
and conviction of any police
officer, or any person, who has
heretofore, or will hereafter, mu-
tilate or destroy any of the Bull
Durham posters or signs, painted
or pasted upon any signboard or
any fence.
HERMAN HEYNEMAN,
204-206 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR BT. MICHAEL, GOLOVIN BAY, CAPE
NOME. DAWSON AND ALL POINTS
ON YUKON RIVER. •"
The New Steamer
BERTHA
Will leave San Francisco about August 1 for
above points, making prompt connections with
our river steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
810 Sansome St.. San Francisco, Cal.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- i
ncr First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for I
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe fHloga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, %ad
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No canto received on board on day
cf *n!llnir.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday. July 26
HON'OKON'O MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, September 12
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market St.. corner First.
■ r%,v,: W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fw mrßfll S. 8. Moana sails
9Elnll vl9 Honolulu and
!*t"^^^^*Auckland for Sydney
kg ™ . Wednesday. August 9,
/v/ I • > at 10 p. m.
iSlfrimMlinJ Tn- s - s - Australia
CylMlliJlllU' 1 -' ea ii., for Honolulu
/QTlfjanJL Wednesday, August 23,
VVi!lwUlttp at ,p . m .
Favorite Line Round the orld. via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. $610 first class.
i. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Ants.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office, 327 Market St.
COMPAOKIB GENERALS TRANSATLAMTIQTJB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. «. ft fTI rN
from Pier 42, North River, foot of *"'' *•■"*
Morton St. LA TOURAINE. August 5: LA
CHAMPAGNE, August 12; LA BRETAGNE.
August 19; LA NORMANDIE. August 28.
LA TOURAINE, Sept. 2. Firet-clasg to Havre,
$65 and upward, 5 per cent reduction on round
trip Second-class to Havre. ?45. 10 per cent re-
duction on round trip.: GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery a.ye.. San Francisco. j ; • , . : '■ I
ADVERTISEMENTS. __-_
"ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
near signature of /^^^^
—_———___—_______—_______■_____—_____■
Terr small and as easy
to take as sugar.
see EA^feSSS SEE
btt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS.
GENUINE WITTIE biliousness. GENUINE
uENIi-ifc HsvFR for torpid liver. ufcXUiNc
I PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
wrapper j_j___ja " for SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPER
tYKArrLK l^^a JfOR THE COMPLEXION " HArrCtt
_ . . —-__»*_ ! -U3TXAVI j^PMATUWe.
25 Cents I "Pocpely VegetaMe.^<^>«*s-^<-
«__, „. *>_. r . _ ■;._
"PRINTED oust :__:____» :f**__.:p:__:r,.''
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
i«. Steamers leave Broadway
iHJ^Yi, wharf. San Francisco:
, BBSHSifefc. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m .
■HtygJMfc, July 25, 30. August 4. chanse
1 BH^jSß^rri or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
ta^^Cvs^ji'i c ■>• Pert Townsend. Seattle.
ir^^^B^Sii Tacoma. Everett. • An.icortes
and New Whatrom (Wash.).
10 a. m., July 25. 30. August
4. and every fifth .lay thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company'? steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoraa to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry. V' * .
For Eureka (.Humr-oldt Bay). 2 p. m., July
23. 28. August 2. and every fifth day there-
after '
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavucos Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo).
Gaviota' Panta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 23. 27. 31, Ads 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara Port
Lo« Angeles and Redondo (Los Ansreles). 11 a.
m - July 2:. -'.'. August 2. and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Er.senada. Magdalena Bay. San Jo?e del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata, La I '7.. Santa Rosalia
and 'GuaymaJi (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
'"For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to char.c"
without previous notice steamers, sailing date,s
and hour? of saillnir. ~4 New Montgromeo'
TICKKT «»KKIOE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hot»l).
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts..
' 10 Market «t.. Pan Franeiaeo
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
r»QC *"2 First Cla»« Including Bert*
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OP CALIFORNIA sails
July 27, Aug. 6. 18. 26, Sept 5.
COLUMBIA sails ....Aug. 1. 11. -1. 31. Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK,. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York.... August IjXew York.... A:-- 23
St. Louis August 9 St. Louis August 30
St. Paul August 16 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Adria July 261 Kensington Aug. 18
Southwark ..August 2!Ncordland Aug. 23
Westernland ...Aug. 9!
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight an-!
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery ft-, or any of its agencies.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFOP.NIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main SO5.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND vallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., S:l5. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); 'Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and $iSO: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., ?
p. "m. Landine and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1505. . .'.
FARE 500
KAILBCAD TRAVEL*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
L3SSEB
SAI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO ,TO BAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:33. 6:10. S:3O p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Estra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. I:3a.
8:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday's— trips at
1:55 and 6:85 p. m.
BUN i 'AYS- 6:lo, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40, 5:00.
• :25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzea Park
game schedule an above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect I Ban Francisco.
m April 1«, I— — .— ■
Week Sun- 1*99. [ £>• xi- Week
Pays. days. Destination. J days. Days.
T:3O am 8:00 am Novato, 10:49 am 8:40 am
1:30 pra| 9:30 am Petaluma, ; 6:05 pm 10:25 am,
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 8:30 pm
i Fulton,
I (SO am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
GeyservlUe,
1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, T: 35 ptn 6:20 pm
T:(0 am ! Hopland and 10.25 am
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. ; 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:3t> am > 10:25 am
8:00 am Ouerneville. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm ) 6:20 pm
1:30 am 8:00 am Bonoma ,10:40 am' 8:40 ara
and |
1:10 pmj 5:00 pm Glen Elian. ■ 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
f:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:0 am 1*25 am
:30 pm t 6:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:2} piu
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelueyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah- for Vichy
Bprlng-s. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley"s.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle,
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
Ott'b Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S, 1899. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. I North-bound.
paasen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily, j Exc'ptd . Exc'ptd Daily.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm C:00 pm
8:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 6:35 pm Fresno 9.30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford ' 7:4" am 1:45 pm
2:2S pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami 6:25 pm Visalia 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pirn Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department, 321 Market St..
fan Fraarlsra.
EAUEOAD TSAVEZt.
<i»ITlll.l{\ PA( UK COJIPANT.
(PACinc am i
Tralßl Irnvr nnil mr <lv« to iiitlta ■•
. ■AH I'KAKt IM'«>.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
LKavb — From Jess 25. 1839. — Aimm
7:00 a Benicla, Suisao and Sacramento 5:4Sr
7zOOa MarjSTille. Oroiilleand Heading via
Woodland 5t45p
7:OO a Elmira, Vacarille and Ramsey 8:43r
?:3Oa Martinez. San EUmoa.Valle)O, Napa.
Oaliatoga ami Santa Uosa Bxlrtr
SiOOa Atlantic; Express. Ogileu and r.ant.. «i 45»
Mi'.tUA San Jose. Liveraote. Stocklou.
lone. Sacramento. PlacerrlUe,
Marysfille. Chico, lte.l Itlufl *ilsp
Si3oa. »Milton, Oakcln!.- an<l Sonora 4:15p
■cSOa Yosemite Valley via OiXoale and
Chinese 4il3*
•sOOa nayTrarda, Niles and Way Stations. lINM
»:4M>a Martinez, Tracy. I^atbrop. Stockton.
HeKr.'iiaii'i Kreano I»il3r
OiUUa Fresno. UakerslJeNl, Santu ftarlmrn.
Los Angeles. l)cin!:i!?. Xl Pisa.
Now Orleans and E»et «:43p
1O:OOA. VaUejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:45r
ll:OO.\ IlaywarcU. NUee add Way Stations. 8:13*
I3:OUM Niles, LJTennore, Stockton, Sacra-
tnento, Mendota, Hanford. Visalia.
V rtervUla 4:isp
•l:OOp Sacramento ltlTer Bte»mers •*:(•»?
8:OOp HaywarUs. Nilea and Way Stations. »:43#
4>UOp Martinez, San lUmon, Valiejo.
Napa, Ualistoca, Santa Rosa Wil3«
4toop Bcnicla, Vacaville, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Kni<hta Landing.
MarysvUle, Oroiillo 10:40*
4:8 Op Nilea, San Jos- aud Stockton 7jl-1»
«:30p Yoaemlta Sleeping Car for Raymond 13:15*
•:«OpThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara.
Lcs Angeles »: IS*
SzSOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno 12:13*
•:3Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
ilojare and Ism Ani;«les Bi4f»«
oiBOp Manta I'u Konte. AtUntio Impress
for Mojave ami East fl: 13 »
•••Or Chicago-San Frauclaoo Special. Ogdeii
and ISaßt «t4Mp
«:OOp Haywarda, N!!e3 and San Jose 7:45*
•«iOOr Vallojo 18:18»
7ioop Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
vlilr. Ue.ldiiiK, l'ortlai:>l. i'uget
Sound ami liast Ti «8 A
18: OOp Valleio, Port Costa and Way Bta-
tions |1O:5O>
€OAST DIVISION (Xnrroir <;aßge).
___ : __ (Foot of Market Street.)
{7 143 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way fetation* :8i«0»
SilSa Newark. Centerville.San Jose, Felton.
Boulder Citek,.SaiitaOruz and Way
Stations Oi»O»
•StlSp Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
AJmaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Buttons »1O:5«*
«ilsp Ban Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tion Bi««a
Mi l3p Felton. Santa Cnu and Way S»-
tiops /9:804
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSlN raildSCO— root of Market Street (Si:? 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:0O *2:03 t3:09
"4:03 15:00 •6:C3r.M.
rrimO4CUH&— root «rßrc»dw»T.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00*.X.
>I 2:03 »l:00 t2:CQ ♦3:C3 tI:C3 •S:OOfJt.
. COAST DIVISION (Broad «auge).
(Third and Townsetul Sta.) "
* *6:1Oa Ocean View. South Han Francisco.. •6:80*
•7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New
Alraadcn Wednesdays only) »8:00 a
j I~i3Oa Sunday Fxcurslon for Santa Cms.
' Pacific Grove and Principal Way
Btations 18iS3»
•:06a Ran .lose, Tres Plnoa, Rant* Cruz,
I'acilio Orova. Paso Rubles. San
Luis 01.i.«|.>. Surf, Lompoc aud
Principal Wiiy Stations 4:IO>
I*i4«* Ban Jose anil Way Stations 8:83*
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations l>3Or
•Sli43p San Mateo. Kedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Hollister. Sauta Crux Salinas,
• Montereyarid l'arilio Grore *IO:3Sa
•«iS«f San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
ami Principal Way Stations *7:30p
•4:l3pSanJoseaml Principal Way Stations U:4.)a
•»:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *S:3.Ta
Sr3op San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *9:00 a
6:;topSan Jo3a aud W&ySUttous B:3Op
111:4.>p San Jose ami Way Stations t7:3op
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
•Sunday excei'tel J Sunday only. t Saturday onljt
¥ttafnniay and Qxmd&s- /Sunday and Monday
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS A3 THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 823
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 15J1.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.:
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00 *6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S-.00. ■ 08, 10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a.
m.; 1:00, '1:4.'.. »2:30. M:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11 CO a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK HAYS— *6:40. 7:55. 8:40. *10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15, "3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and' Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. •S:!*), *9:45. MOMS, *11:«
a. m. : 1:00. 2:20. »3:30, tiU, *6:00, 7:00. I0:lS
P Trains marked <•> run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:58. 7:55. 8:55. 10:3*
a m.: 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
FXTRA TRIPS en Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, nt 7:00. 10:20 P. m.
SUNDAYS - S:00. 10:00. 11:10 a. m.; 12:05.
1-20 "2 40 3:5". 1:80, 5:30. 10:20 p. m.
i.iv. t.tu. THROUGH TRAINS.
700 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stains.
8 20 d m Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta m.
6-15 d m week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
00 a m Sundays — and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Lett-,- San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving In 9. V. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:43. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Far*. S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
TTTOC fOOTC Sr SON Agts. 621 Market ct.
/^~*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/UvfSUils *>-«"» KEAIiSY ST. EstaDllsnea
iufr'lir'&yk in * sfi -* ioT tho treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
(i l 2r* KIHKMV *T Estaollahed
In 1884 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lust Mauboixi Debility or
W»7)^svSi ili«easp wearing on body and mind ana
slSffi^rVtSI !Slcl " Disuses, doctor cures when
A*'t*-^!>T"?J olhei -fill. Try him. Cujirgt-s low
.t32mti^i 4'iiri''eaarnntrril, C: Jlorwrltd
J*r. J. If- «iIBIv4*Sf. Box 1357. Sai: Francisco
Weekly Call $1.00 BerYear
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Pterllng Exchange weaker.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Bnrley dull.
Oats steady, with light arrivals.
Corn and Rye inactive.
Hay continues depressed.
Beans and Seeds quiet.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Tomatoes in ersupply.
Butter, Cheefe and Eggs unchanged.
Another car of Eastern Poultry sold.
Bartlett Pf-ars lower.
Dried fruits very firm as a rule.
Provisions strong and active.
Wool rather quiet.
Meat market unchanged.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Exports of Lumber from this port during the
first six months of the year were 11.550,000
feet, valued at $264,246, against 8.694.000 feet
at fi&S,S4O for the same time in 189 S.
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports Of Salmon from this port during the
flrst six months of the year were 122.502 cases
and 620S packages, valued at » s2{ J- 4^-. s *f aln "
777 cases and 4245 packages at $348,620 for
the Fame time In 1898
DRIED FRUIT IN NEW YORK.
The New York Commercial says: "Some dis
cussion has been aroused by reported future
Fales of prunes. Aside from that the market
is quiet and sales are limited. AH supplies are
held firm, however, on the theory that stocks
en hand will pass into consumption before the
new crop of any variety comes in.
"Interest has been created in prunes by the
reported Bales of a number of cars for future
delivery at around Wic. The number of cars
1- variously estimated, but practically all agree
that for what Is probably the opening sale it
Is a large one. It is said that some are *or
export while others are for distribution from
this market. Spot trading is not large, but de
mand is reasonably steady, and prices are
practically unchanged. ...»,_
* "Apricots attract me attention, and there
may be heavy sales later, though bo far as
known up to date, the quantity purchased for
this market has been small. Sales will be
larger later inure particularly If the reported
output is less than 500 :ars, the latest estimate
given At the prices asked it is said that sales
will be very small In this market. A slight
reduction in price would lead to large sales
•Peaches afe in rather more demand, but all
spot supplies are so firmly held that business
Is small. There is seme movement, but it is
necessarily limited. Reduction in price would
clean up practically everything in hand within
a few days."
WEATHER REPORT.
(12fith Meridian— Pacific Time.>
SAN FRANCISCO, July 28-5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60 San Diego 68
Fresno 98 Sacramento .., SO
Los Angeles .... SO Independence 94
Red Bluff 34 Yuma U0
Ban Lois Oblspo 76'
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 52; mean, 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Fi (RECAST.
The weather Is partly cloudy and foggy along
the coast from San Francisco northward and
cloudy and threatening over the plateau and
Kocky Mountain regions. Light showers have
fallen in [dan and Utah. Showers are prob
able to-night ami Saturday throughout Utah,
Nevada and Arizona.
The pressure haf fallen over the country
between the Sierras and Rocky Mountains and
risen over the upper Missouri and along the
The temperature has fallen In all districts
•west of th.> Hooky Mountains except South
eastern California and Arizona, where there
bas been a slight rise.
Thunderstorms are reported at Pocatello and
Salt Lake City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending Inight, July 29, 1599:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except
partly cloudy and foggy along the coast; fresh
west ■I nd
Southern California— Fair Saturday, except
thunderstorms in the mountains of the east
portion; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers and thunder
storms Saturday; cooler.
Utah— Cloudy, with showers and thunder
storms Saturday.
Arizona- Cloudy, with showers and thunder
storms; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday,
except oloiKiy and foggy in the morning;
fresh west wind in the afternoon.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official. ■
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 28.— T0-day's stock mar- j
ket was strong early and traders generally I
ranged. themselves on the long side. The shorts
took alarm from yesterday's rise and the con- •
tlnued upward tendency this morning and coy- j
ered rather extensive lines. London marked
Up prices before the opening here and bought ;
considerable amounts In this market. The j
sentimental effect of this buying was even more j
pronounced than the direct demand for stocks, j
The recovery In French rentes in Paris had a \
Etlmulatlng effect and part of London's buying ;
of Americans was reported to be for the recent j
account. Taken all in all there was sufficient
demand for stocks to run the business up to :
•within 20,000 shares of yesterday's total tran-
Factions and considerably over the total for
eume days of this week: Business fell off.
however,' very notably in the afternoon. The
public showed itself still coy about coming for
ward and bull operators in consequence pro
ceeded to take their profits on the advance.
The stocks which had advanced yesterday and
the day before were especially affected and In
a number of cases were carried below last
night's level. Pt. Louis Southwestern stocks.
Kansas and Texas preferred. Lake Erie West
ern and the trunk lines were examples. There
was nevertheless an appreciable increase in
commission house business. This was con
spicuous in the grangers. Burlington leading
on account of the benefit to the crops from
rain. The coalers were notably strong on the
approaching operation of a higher scale of
prices, and Lackawnnna, which in addition
enjoyed the b.nefit of a reported combination
with Now York, (Thicago and St. Louis, rose
an extreme 4 points. Louisville was the leader
of the market, considered as to strength and
activity, It closed at the top price at a net
pain of "if. over yesterday. Since the dividend
<tf 2 per cent was taken off yesterday morning
the stock has risen' 4 * points. There was an
active demand for sugar all day and the price
vent to lCl^g. National Steel was strong on
the reported acquirements of new property
and Brooklyn Rapid Transit rose an extreme
l 3 i. 'here was a belated upward movement In
come of the Southwestern stocks not heretofore
nffected. Denver and Rio Grande preferred,
Southern Pacific, Pt. Louis* and San Francisco
second preferred and the St. Joseph and Grand
Island stocks gained from 1 to 5 points. The
late realizing movement carried prices down
from the best and the market closed dull and
easy. To-morrow's bank ■■••■■.: is expected
to show another loss in cash, owing to opera
tions with the sub-treasury. Sterling exchange
•was weak and lower on account of London buy
ing stock! here an I increased supply of com
mercial bills.
Bonds did not respond fully to the strength
In stocks, bui prices are generally higher.
Total Bales. {2,128,000. United States s's regis
tered advanced i, In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold Stocks— Bid
1030 'Atrhlson 2')
15,550 Atchison prefd £2%
200 Baltimore & Ohio 4S>~
Canadian Pacific ''?"*
Cam Southern...'. f.3'A
i-,0,'0 Central Pacific 62%
820 Ch'iSP.peake. * Ohio 28
5,600 Chicago Great Western U\
25,275 Chicago, Burlington * Qulncy 137 7 *
Chicago, Ind & Louisville 10Vi
Chicago, Ind <<• Louisville prefd <;
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 75
400 Chicago <fe Northwestern 161 V.
13 470 Chicago, Rock Islartd & Pacific 119*4
601 C C C & St Louis E.K'i
„ Colorado Southern 5
Colorado' Southern Ist prefd 44
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
1.080 Delaware & Hudson .. 122^4
C.OOO Delaware, Lackawanna. & Western. l7l%
125 Denver & Rio Grande 22
7,090 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76
200 Erie ]34
330 Erie Ist prefd 36%
„ Great Northern prefd 166
310 Hocking Coal 14
1,440 Hocking Valley 23V4
2,110 Illinois Central 117%
100 lowa Central ;.... 13
WV) lowa Central prefd E2»i
110 Kansas City, Pittsburgh & Gulf 6%
8.030 Lake Erie & Western 21Vi
1,200 Lake Erie & Western pr»fd 81
„ Lake Shore 20li^
16,359 Louisville & Nashville 7514
9.470 Manhattan L 11814
3,125 Metropolitan Street Railway 211'»
4?.3 Mexican Central 14"^
100 -Minneapolis &■ St Louis 55'
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 90 ■
11,550 Missouri Pacific 48%
100 Mobile £ Ohio 45
COO Missouri. Kansas ft Texas 12U
5 r.60 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 36%
2 400 New Jersey Central 117%
3 070 New York Central 140
SOO Norfolk & Western 204
o*o Norfolk & Western prefd 71 .;
5 600 Northern Pacific '•>'.,
2,150 Northern Pacific prefd 71%
2 400 Ontario & Western 26Mi
. Oregon Rv & Navigation 40%
....... Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 75
2 479 Pennsylvania 13'"%
SOO Reading •• 20**
14,490 Reading Ist prefd 60%
2.010 Reading 2d prefd 324
Rio Grande "Western 30
'.'.'. ... Rio Grande Western prefd .75
1 COO St Louis & San Fran 10^
...'.... Bt Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70j
1 900 St Louia A San Fran 2d prefd 38Vi
2." 100 St Louis Southwestern lfi-i
4 220 St Louis Southwestern prerd 38%
»M 25 St Paul , 132 *
160 St Paul prefd 174%
St Paul & Omaha 107%
20,590 Southern Pacific 33 i
C.025 Southern Railway 11\
11.930 Southern Railway prefd 62%
3.200 Texas & Pacific 22%
6.960 Union Pacific 43\
6,225 Union Pacific prefd... 71%
100 Wa bash 7%
1,000 Wabash prefd 22-%
Wheeling <* Lake Erie 9*»
Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 23%
100 Wisconsin Central 14%
Express Companies ; _
....... Adams ••.•.«•«•••.. 113
American ....' 137
United States 49
100 Wells Fargo 126
Miscellaneous—
4,500 American Cotton Oil 42<i
1.610 American Cotton Oil prefd .*. 93% i
600 American Malting 17
430 American Malting prefd 68%
670 American Smelting & H IS I *' ;
700 American Smelting & R prefd 84%
American Spirits 6
American Spirits prefd 30*4
1,400 American . Steel Hoop 32
400 American Steel Hoop prefd 77%
14.140 American Steel & Wire 57 1 .;
1.230 American Steel & Wire prefd 96%
10,330 American Tin Plate 3S 1 !
American Tin Plate prefd 85
27.545 American Tobacco 99§i
American Tobacco prefd 141
[ 1,450 AnaconJa Mining Co 55%
36.405 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ll'Vv,
100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45%
15, 2*5 Continental Tobacco 42%
5.525 Continental Tobacco prefd 86
904 Federal Steel 68%
445 Federal Steel prefd 80%
1,430 Oeneral Electric 124%
100 Glucose Sugar 69 I
Glucose Sugar prefd 107
1,450 International Paper 41
100 International Paper prefd 76%
2,538 Laclede Gas , 57
100 National Biscuit 47%,,
National Biscuit prefd 97%
100 National Lead 30
100 National Lead prefd 112
3.000 National Steel 5194
S6S National Steel prefd 92's
New York Air Brake 19S
3,200 North American 11%
! Pacific Coast 37
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
i Pacific Coast 2d prefd 59
1.435 Pacific Mail 48
: 6,075 People's Gas 119
300 Pressed Steel Car 65
580 Pressed Steel Car prefd 88%
100 Pullman Palace Car 160
; Standard Rope & Twine 7%
. 56.544 Sugar 160
I Sugar prefd 11*%.
I 9.060 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70% j
100 United States Leather 6H
2.600 United States Leather prefd 72% |
200 United States Rubber 60Vi
United States Rubber prefd 115*4
110 Western Union 90%
463,200 shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
C 8 2s reg 100 a 4 M K& T 2ds 69ii
Do 3s 108% Do 4s 93%
•Do coup 108% N V Cent lsts ....112
D S new 4s reg:...129 N J Cent gen as.. 1214
Do coup 130 North Carolina 65. .127% !
U S old 4b reg 112V4 Do 4s 104 :
Do coup U3 N P lsts 113 i
U Sss reg 111% Do 3s 67%
Do coup }.:', Do 4a 1031;
: District 3.65s 119 NYC &S L 45.. . . 1074
, Ala class A 110 Nor & W con 45.... 94%
Do B 110 i Do Ken 6s 135
Do C 104 Or Nay lsts 112
Do Currency .... 98 • Do 4s 101% :
1 Atch Ken 4s 101 i O S Line 6s 132
Do adjt 4s 85>4 Do con 5b 113
! Canada So 2ds 111 8 ** Reading Gen 45.... 79>4 I
I Ches & O 44s .... 97% R G W lsts 98 j
Do 6s 113 S I, & 1 M Con ss. 114
I C & N Con 7s ...-.145 SL& S F Gen 65.124 V;
Do deb 6s 122% St P Con 170 '
I Chicago Term 4b.. 99% St P C & P 15t5. ..121%
i D & R G lsts .... 106 i Do 5s 121% !
Do 4s 100 So Ry 5s 109% j
■KTVa &Ga 15t5. 102% Standard R&T6s 86 ;
! Erie Gen 4s 72% Term new set 3s . . 95
I Ft W & DC lsts.. 79% Tex & Pac lsta ..115
Gen Electric os 116 Do 2ds 56
: G II & S A 6s 110% V P 4s 105%
Do 2ds 11l Cft 84% ?S%
|II & T C 5s 110% Wabash lsts 117
i Do Con 6s 112 I Do 2ds 102%
lowa Cent lsts. ...114 West Shore 4s ....1144 |
X C P & G lsts.... 61% Wis Cent -lsts .... 75% j
: La new con 4s 106 Va Centuries 56%
!L & N Uni 4s 100% Do deferred 5 |
MINING STOCKS.
i Chollar *. 20 Ontario 6 "0
i Crown Point 25 Ophir 100
' Con Cal & Va 2 00 Plymouth 10
I Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 2 20 ;
'Gould & Curry 38 Do prefd 500 '
! Hale & N*orcro6s.. 30 Sierra Nevada 56 I
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 23 i
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 30
Mexican 52 Yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land 8
Call loans 3%@4 West End 95
, Time loans 34'u44 Do prefd 114 !
Stocks — Westingh Elec .... 50
A T & St Fe 1974, Wis Cent 14%
Do prefd 62 | Bonds—
! Amer Sugar 169% At. bison 4s 100
Do prefd 11S4 Mining Shares —
1 Bell Tel 350 Adventure 9%
| Boston & Albany. .264 Ailouez Mm C 0... 74
: Boston L 110 Atlantic 30
• Boston & Maine.. . Boston & Mont 354
I Chi Bur & Q 137*4 Butte & 805t0n.... 76 j
!Ed Elec 111 200 Calumet & Hecla..Sls ;
: Fitchburg prefd ..IIS Centennial .• 33% '
| Gen Electric 124 Franklin 19
i Fed Steel 6$ Humboldt 2 i
Do prefd 80% Osceola ?'i
! Mcx Cent 14% Parrott 12
\ Mich Tel 93 Quincy 161
■NY & N Ens pfd.loo Santa Fe Copper.. 13%
| Old Colony 205 Tamarack 22
' Old Dominion .... 37% Winona 11l |
Rubber 50 Wolverines <(".% ;
Union Pacific .... 43% Utah 43% I
i
THE LONDON MARKET. i
NEW YORK, July 2S.— The Commercial Ad- j
| vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
! The markets here were unsettled by the Par- |
I liamentary debate on the Transvaal policy, 1
, Americans were still quiet, but they improved j
I steadily closing at the best. The features
! were Louisville and St. Paul.
Money was in strong- demand early because
of the settlement, but at the close fixtures, 1
which during the day were quoted at 3 per
cent became unlendable. The bank did noth- ■
Inn. ' although the market had prepared for I
borrowing by the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July 28.— Northern Pacific, 79%;
Union Pacific preferred, 79%: Atchlson, 20%;
Grand Trunk, 7%; Anaconda, 11%. Bar Silver,
firm, 27 11-16 d per ounce. Money, 2%<£3 per
cent. '
! BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
■ NEW YORK. July 28.— Bradstrect's Financial |
; Review will say to-morrow: Speculation is i
still without Important movements and the :
activity of trading on the Stock Exchange has j
] been at a low ebb. all week. The professional i
traders supply nearly all the actual Interest. |
1 The public is taking little part and the pools
■ and large operators rest while these condi- ■
tions exist. London has not been a factor and
the market there and abroad is experiencing ;
I the usual midsummer dullness. As far as the j
' railroad share list is concerned the favorable ,
i crop prospects and the large increases in cur
rent earnings reported by some Important lines,
■ to say nothing of confident predictions that j
I tonnage will continue heavy during the re- .
mainder of the year, keep up a steady to
strong tone and facilitate short-lived rallies |
: from time to time. This process has been i
I particularly noticeable In connection with the !
j grangers and Southwestern stocks. A few of
. ' the specialties have been the objects of ma
-1 ' nipulatton and even the Industrials shared to
■ some extent in the bullish influences. The last
, : named portion of the market is, however, on
• the whole, neglected. Foreign exchange has I
! been steady and dull at below the gold point 1
1 and fears of a renewed movement of specie
: to Europe are laid aside. Indeed, as noted
1 elsewhere, the London market and the for
eign financial press are inclined to dwell
1 upon the probability of having to supply a de
-1 mand for gold from this aide in the autumn and
1 winter, when our cotton and grain exports as
sume their expected activity. The unwonted
firmness of the money : market here has cer
, tain!y«been a factor of increasing Importance
[ this week. The market was too dull to say 1
; that this has developed any positive bullish
ness. The fact that the New York bank re
eerves are low. that money does not come back
readily from the Interior and that the supply of
• funds for both call and time loans has been
■ reduced to such an extent that interest rates
1 are decidedly firmer and it costs appreciably
more to carry Stocks are, however, calculated
I Ito affact speculative sentiment. It is apprc
(■ elated that the activity of general business is
1 creating an enlarged demand for money in the
illation and there is an Idea that when
, this Is supplemented by the need arising in
? connection with the crop movement there may
> be a scarcity of funds for speculative pur
, poses. The disposition in some quarters is. in
* fact, to preach conservatism and to regard the
a possible absorption of capital in actual busi
* ness as liable to check further Improvement In
either speculative or investment values. Time
s money has been in Increased demand on the
i street this week, or rather the supply has been
i smaller, and 4®4% per cent are the rates gen
? erally quoted, while call money has. held unex
a pectedly firm at 3%^4 per cent.
These rates have not. Indeed, been sufficiently
high to Induce liquidation, but in the absence
■„ of any marked augmentation of the New York
bank reserves, they are cited as indications
A that an autumnal "boom," based on good
£ crops and railroad earnings, is not a certainty.
1 The subsidence of the street railway strikes In
New York has left the market Indifferent to
2 manifestations elsewhere of the same charac
-4 ter. Reports of coming deals and combinations
4 in the railroad world are for the moment
■ x without decided effect and the speculative com-
/ X munity as a whole appears to be waiting for
l the outcome of the situation, though one Fri
day the professionals evinced more of a dlspo
l sltion to discount the situation, their buying
i. and support resulting In a general rise through
<, out the active stock list.
'*■ BRADSTREETS WEEKLY REVIEW.
NEW YORK, July 28.— Bradstreefs to-mor
-4 row will say: Weather conditions exercise
[ their natural effect upon the volume of current
| business, which is. however, larger than a
Z year ago. and restricts speculation, therefore
4 limiting the volume of bank clearings, without.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JULY 29, 1899.
however, exercising any particular influence on
prices which display nearly all their old firm
ness, and in fact, show still further advances
in several lines. • Official statistics of -piglron
production for the first half of 1899 point to the
largest production on record having been in
sufficient to offset current demand, and stocks
at the close of the half year are far below
what they were at the opening or at this time
one year ago. Special activity in the iron and
steel industry is reported at Chicago, where
heavy advances have been made in finished
products and numerous shipments are report- .
ed not only to Ohio and Pennsylvania, but as
far east as" Boston. Every blast furnace in the
Birmingham district is expected to be In opera
tion by the autumn, but production for the lat
ter part of the year. 1899. which promises to
be enormous, has all been booked. Ihe glass
trade is reported particularly active and con
ditions in that Industry are said to be the best
O Th > c ca cere af markets note little change in
price, but trade opinion seems to favor steady
demand and few fluctuations in view of admit
tedly large necessary takings by foreigners
Among the metals tin has displayed special
strength, largely In sympathy with heavy ad
vances abroad, claimed to have a legitimate
basis In heavily Increased consumption without
corresponding "output of the raw material. ,
Smaller arrivals and heavily reduced stocks of ,
raw sugar, added to large sales of refined,
have resulted In advance in the former product.
Lumber is strong in price and some bulldin*
operations are Interfered with. Northwestern
shipments of white pine are reported very
heavy for this season. Fall demand for dry
goods Is increasing, but complaints of slow
1 delivery are more frequent. Manufacturers of
woolen poods are purchasing more freely of
fine domestic grades and prices tend upward,
although there Is less speculative buying re
ported at leading markets. .
Business failures for the week number liO.
against 174 last week. 189 In this week a year
ago 159 in 1867, 2"4 In 1896 and 231 in 1895.
Canadian failures for the week number 18, >
against 19 last week, 34 In this week a year
I ago 32 in 1897. 37 In 1896 and 24 in Is9a.
Wheat including flour shipments for the
week aggregate 1,368,342 bushels, against 3,405.
--073 bushels last week. 2.371,872 bushels In the
corresponding week of 1898, 2,432,021 bushels In
1897, 2.64\74S bushels in 1896 and 1,460,917 bush
-6 Since July 1 this season, the exports of wheat
aggregated 13.797.292 bushels, against 10,312,810
bushels last year.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. July 28.— O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
There is certainly room for some decrease 1
when the volume of payments through the
clearing house in July is 47.2 per cent larger
than last year and 59.6 per cent larger than in !
1892, the 1 best of all previous years. So great ;
ati advance would warrant expectation of some
setback under ordinary circumstances. This !
year the unusual freedom from labor troubles •
I about July 1 is followed by some signs of a j
1 tendency to strike because great works are
committed far ahead and cannot halt without
loss. But interruption of business by labor
troubles of. all sorts has been less than in any ,
ether July for years.
Nor is the movement of products hampered.
Western receipts of Wheat In July have been ;
15.563.526 bushels, against 7.309.333 bushels last '
year to date, and of Corn 20,485,251 bushels, ,
against 9,173,355 bushels last year, even the '
latest week showing large gains over last year.
Exports of Wheat from both coasts were 9,939,
--2 SO bushels. Flour Included, against 8,833, iy2
bushels last year.
Corn exports also continue surprising.
Copper Is strong at 18M.C for lake, with spot
scarce, and Lead weak at $4 55, but Tin Is
quoted at $31 56, London leading as usual. :
Manufacturers have been buying much Wool,
It is said, but less the past week, although ,
many are taking sample bales. Goods are In
fair demand, but no further change in prices I
Is mentioned. Sales in four weeks have been j
46.779,600 pounds, of which 35,954,500 pounds j
were domestic. In 1897, with a new tariff com- ;
ing, speculation took 46,109,200 pounds, normal
consumption being about half that quantity.
Cotton goods are stronger for bleached, and the
general tone is good In spite of cheap Cotton, j
Shipments of boots and shoes from the East j
In four weeks have been 394,379 cases, against ,
360.539 capes last year, and in 1895, the nearest
previous year, 351.359 cases. Leather continues j
strong and scarce, with a combination of
packers lifting prices of hides at Chicago, ho
that many of the tanners are quitting that
market.
Railroad business for July showed the largest
Increase of any month this year, 16.1 per cent :
larger than last year and 10.4 per cent larger
than In 1892.
Failures for the week have been 151 in the
United States, against 225 last year, and 20 in ; ,
Canada, against 26 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, July 28.— The following table, i
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear- j
ings at all principal cities for the week ended
July 28, with the percentage of Increase and
i decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage. ;
Cities— Inc. Dec. !
New York $ 892,266.092 46.3
Boston 141,735.686 68.5
Chicago 105.809.17S .25.0 .... :
Philadelphia fc5.0:<3.455 44.3
St. Louis 27.715,547 19.7
Pittsburg 27,329.032 46.6 ....
Baltimore 19,586,040 14. |
San Francisco .... 18.555.60S 45.3 .... j
Cincinnati 13.500,950 24.7 ....
Kansas City 10.597,675 8.0 ....
New Orleans 6.313.437 15.3 ....
Minneapolis 8.029,345 33.1 .... ,
Detroit 8,182,105 29.9 ....
Cleveland 9.432.563 37.9
Louisville 6.962.957 22.7 .... !
Providence 5,955,700 41.4 ,
Milwaukee 4,148,7*5 .... 4.3
St. Paul 4.362.764 28.3 ....
Buffalo 4,504.545 16.5 |
Omaha ............. 6,647,880 8.2
Indianapolis 6,163,400 .... 3.1
I Columbus O 4.942,600 :7.3
I Savannah 2,268.267 86.6
! Denver 3,662.490 40. S
i Hartford 3.344,191 ....
i Richmond 2.767,953 23.4 .... :
' Memphis 1.334,314 8.8 .... i
I Washington 2.093.328 25.4 .... j
I Peoria 1.743.363 40.7
I Rochester 1,472.937 10.0
i New Haven 1.303.705
I Worcester 1.386,647 10.4
' Atlanta 1,051.680 19.6
I Salt Lake City 1.767.651 30.0
Springfield. Mass .. 4.530.237 261.0
Fort Worth 1,624.543 20.9
Portland. Me 1,332.173 IS.
Portland, Or 1,406.165 1.7 .... I
I St Joseph 8,616.044 51.7
Los Angeles 1.608.266 49.3
Norfolk 1.176,833 39.0
Syracuse 9*2, 532 6.1 ....
lies Moines 1.342.550 43.2
Nashville 1,214.103 23.1 ....
Wilmington, Del .. R62.544 84.5
Fall River 858.332 37.5 .... ,
i Scranton 1.127.936 28.6 .... ,
Grand Rapids 1,122.821 61.4 .... !
Augusta. Ga 780,340 15.3
i Lowell «3"- '2 .... 25.6 ,
i Dayton, 0 1.068,585 69.7 .... 1
! Seattle 1.857.144 81.2
Tacoma 965.E57 61.1 .... |
Spokane 1.139.073 52.6 .... j
Sioux City 770.446 j
New Bedford 754.979 45.0 .... j
Knoxville, Term.... 624.920 13.6 . ....
Topeka 592.399 25. c .... j
Birmingham 661,834 67.5
Wichita 525,852 1.9 .... !
Blnghamton 396.100 21.1
Lexington. Ky 312.60S 6.S
: Jacksonville, Fla.. 212.275 22.5
, Kalamazoo 339.217 22.8 .... I
1 Akron 378.800 17.7 .... j
Chattanooga 270.890 6.2 ;
Rockford, 111 275.197 40.3 ....
Canton. 0 208,400 26.8 ....
Springfield, 0 250.026 48.1 .... |
I Fargo, N. D 213,130 30.6
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 148,722
Hastings, Neb 107.659
Fremont, Neb 126.349 57.5
Davenport 641.229 26.4
Toledo 2.374.941 13.2
Galveston 4.007.400 |
Houston 4,877.118 27.0 .... ;
' Youngstown, 0 220.377 .... 83.5
Evansvllle 779,270 24.4
lena 688.969 25.1
Macon 395,000 15 V 4 —
Little Rock 253,300
Springfield. 11l 860,742
Totals, U. S $1,453,335,514 . 43.2 .... I
Totals outside of
New York 591,120,722 15.2 .;..
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,548,633 6.2
Toronto 8,190,509 , 13.9
Winnipeg 1.923.576 60.6
Halifax 1,234,061 13.3
Hamilton 878.921 8.4
St. John, N. P. C 03.904 .... - 7.5
Victoria. B. C 526.705
Vancouver 1,004,793 — —
Totals $77,199,606 . 11.2
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July FLOUR— Receipts,
18,607 barrels; exports, 21,517. Firmer at the
close and fairly active on spring patents. »
WHEAT— Receipts, 31,300 bushels: \ exports,
; 136,030; sales, 1,515,000; futures, 96,000 spot.
Market steady. No. 2, red. 77c f. o. b. afloat j
spot: No. 1. Northern Duluth. 7SUc f. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 2 hard Duluth, 82c f. o. b. afloat
to arrive-. No. 2, red, 75* c elevator. Options
opened weak at %c decline, because of bearish
cables and cool weather in the Northwest.
, Throughout the session they were "inactive and I
barely steady under operations by local bears. I
but near the close suddenly roused Into activity I
and strength on an alarm of shorts attributed
to bullish reports by Snow and the " "Modern
Miller." The close was firm at a partial Vie net
advance. July, 75%®76 3-16 c, closed 76% c; Sep
tember, 75 5-16©76 11-16 c, closed 76c; December,
77%®78%c. closed 7SMiC.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm. •
METALS— The upward movement in tin ap
pears to have not yet culminated. To-day this
particular metal made another forward step,
closing excited and strong, with demand very
' heavy. Iron was also decidedly firmer and
higher. Spelter developed a weak undertone
under selling pressure. The foreign news and
reports from primary domestic markets were
generally firm. At the close the metal ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants firm at $15 25 bid and
$15 75 asked. "'"}''
i LAKE COPPER— at $18 50.
Unsettled, with $31 87% c bid and $32 37%
[ a *LEi.D— Quiet, with $4 65 bid and f«S7tt'i
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 35 and
for copper, $18 50.
! SPELTER— Easy, at $6. ......
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, net
unchanged 'to • 5 'points lower. Sales,- 12,250
bags. Including September. $4 45; October, $4 50;
November, $4 55; December, $4 90@4 95; Janu
ary, $4 95; March, $5 05; May, $5 logo 20. Spot ■
coffee— Rio, dull but about steady; mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raws, steady to firm; good demand;
fair refining, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4' 2 c;
molasses. 3 13-16 c.
BUTTER— 4433 packages. Steady;
Western creamery. 15<<?18; factory. 11@14%c.
. EGGS— Receipts, 4763 packages; dull and ir
regular; State and Pennsylvania, 15@16c; West
ern, lOCcil.'e.
CALIFORNIA . DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits dull.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 6%@7%c: prime
wire tray, S»iigS%c; choice, B*4@9c; fancy, 9'-»<gi
9%c. , -;_;"■
PRUNES- 3'iffSc
APRICOTS Royal 14c; Moorpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. ll<gll%c.
CHIOAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO,. July - 28.— C00l weather, weak
cables and Argentine shipments of. consider
ably over 1,000,000 bushels caused a weak Wheat
market at the opening. September started \*<si
•4c off at T0%@70%c, and on selling by longs
fell Immediately to 70% c. The market rallied
Irregularly to 70- .c before noon. Trade was
very light, outside orders being almost en
tirely nil. Reports of fine weather in France
and England caused some selling. Press dis
patches from Bombay reporting the Indian
Wheat crop withering because of the failure of
the • monsoon started shorts to cover. Some
crop damage news from the Pacific Coast
and the Northwest, together with Snow's crop
report showing a decline of from 5 to 15 points
in portions of the Northwest, stimulated heavy
buying by local professionals near the close.
September rose to 71% c and closed with sellers
at that figure, a net gain of %c.
Corn ruled fairly active and higher with
Wheat. The market appeared to have been
oversold during the recent decline. Crop re
ports were generally favorable. September
closed a shade higher than yesterday.
Oats ruled dull but firm. September closed
a shade higher for the day.
i Provisions recovered 'from a spell of weakness
at the opening and closed 15c higher for Sep
tember pork. 10c better for lard and 10c higher
for ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— 69*4 70% 69% 70%
July 69*4 704 69Mi 70%
September 7 1 "* 71% 70% 71%
December 72% 73 72% 73
Corn No -. 2 — 31% 3H4 31% 31%
july ' 31'- Sl% 31% 81%
! September 31% 31% 31% 31%
■ December 29% 30 l 29S> 30%
I May 31 31% 30% 31%
jjuU- tS No. 2— 23 23% 23 23% '
July 23 2S 3 -; 23 23*6 i
I September 19% 19' 194 19%!
December 19 8 19^ 19*4 19* i <
May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
September 8 82% 8 92% 880 890
October 8 82% 895 8 82% 895
Lard, per 100 pounds —
September... 5 37% 645 6 37% 645 |
October 5 42% 550 5 42% 650 |
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 5 10 5 20 6 10 6 20
October 5 1.7% 625 SIS 525 i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 67@6Sc; No. 2 red, I
71% c; No. 2 corn, 32!532'4c; No. 2 oats, 23@25>ic; ,
No. 2 white. 23i4@26U; No. 3 white. 22@26%c;
No. I rye. 53% c: No. 1 flaxseed, 97%<;; prime i
timothy seed, $2 47%; mess pork, per barrel, !
?S OoigS SO; lard, per 100 pounds. $5©5 62%; short I
ribs sides (loose). $5 055*5 25; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). $5 37V- ■ 50; short clear sides
(boxed). $5 35®5 45; whiskey, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 26.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments, j
Flour, barrels 14.000 14,000
Wheat, bushels 120,000 10,000
Corn, bushels ..A 071,000 268.000
Oats, bushels .......: 415.000 267,000
Rye, bushels 1,01 .
Bailey, bushels 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady, creamery, 13%(§17c; dairy,
12'/4@15%c; Cheese, weak; creams, B%@9c; Eggs,
weak; fresh, HSll%c.
"
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
"Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 56% , 5 !- T i d.10%
Closing 5 8% 5 9% 5 10%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 P5 20 35
Closing 19 80 20 10
Flour- 43 30 27 80
Opening 43 30 27-n
Closing 43 10 27 60
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit to-day as follows, realizing the following
prices:
NEW YORK, July Pears— Harriett. $1 88
©3 05, average $1 94; Howell, $1 50. Plums
Diamond, average $1 26; Eureka, $2 17; Kelsey,
$2 2392 50, average $2 41; Washington, 70c; Yel
low Egg, $1 06®] 30, average $1 12. Peaches —
Early Crawford, r,r>c<c/$l 06, average 75c; De
clare. Jl 2;.''il 75, average SI 14; Foster, 65(590c,
average 76c; St. John, Sue; Stewart Strawberry,
68c. Prunes— $1 07; Tragedy, Ssc@sl 50,
average $1 08. Eighteen cars sold.
CHICAGO, July 2S.— Peaches— Early Craw
ford. 50«S5c. average !2c. Pears— 64^1 69.
Plums — Bradshaw, average 99c; Columbia, aver
age $1 10; Jefferson, $1 06; Kelsey, »1 20fgl 86,
average $1 02; Purple Duane, average $1 OS;
Peach Plums, 50c@Sl 20, average $1 OS. Prunes
—Tragedy, $1 30. Red Nectarines averaged
$1 IS Thirteen cars sold.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 28.— CATTLE— The market
was steady to-day, with fair Friday receipts.
Good to fancy steers brought $5 35@S 95; com
moner grades, $4 40® 5 30; stocken and feeders,
$3fi4 90; bulls, cows and heifers, $2@5 10; calves,
$.1 25iiFti 7:,; Western fed steers, $4 50&5 75; Texas
steers S3 5 :f. 30.
HOGS were a shade higher to-day. Choice
lots brought $4 25®4 55; heavy, $4@4 60; light,
$4 40@4 65; pigs, $3 7.".'<r4 60; culls and rough
lot*. i2i(4.
SHEEP sold unchanged to-day. Sales were
on a basis of $203 for culls up to $4#5 25 for
prime wethers, $4 50@5 50 for yearlings and
$3 75'9 > 4 50 for cull lambs up to $C SO'de 90 for
prime flocks. The first range lambs of the sea
son arrived yesterday from Utah and sold at
! $6 25@6 65.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hogs, 16,000; sheep,
8000. _____
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 2"v— Consols. 106 7-16: Silver.
27 H-l6d; French rentes, 99f 92%c@100f; Wheat
i cargoes off coast, buyers Indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, dull for white, firm for red:
i English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL. July 28.— Wheat, steady; Wheat
In Paris, easy; Flour In Paris, easy; French
! country markets, quiet.
i COTTON— Uplands; 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
i steady, 5s 9d; No. 1 Northern spring, steady,
6b lid. Futures steady; September, 5s 9%d;
I December. 5s 10-% d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new. easy, 3s
4'4d; American mixed old, quiet,' 3s 4»id; fu
tures, quiet: July, nominal; September, 3s 4 *id :
October, 3s 4%d. Receipts of wheat during the
i past three days, 287,000 centals, including 53,001
: American. Receipts of American corn during
| the past three days. 98,700 ctls.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 28.— Clearings, $199.
--252; balances, $31,862.
NORTHERN WHEAT. MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., July Wheat continues
! dull and. slightly' weakening. This does not
' Improve matters, as it is Impossible to meet
the ideas of holders by several cents per bushel
Walla Walla can bo worked at 5«@57c, Valley
at 58c, and Bluestem is nominally 59c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July 28.— Midsummer dullness
rules the wheat market. Receipts are light
I and prices nominal at 56c for Club and 59c for
i Bluestem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $1 84%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . 12%
Mexican Dollars 49% .60
Fine Silver. Der ounce — 60*4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market was dull and un
changed. c -
Foreign advices, fine weather and large ship
! ments of 1.300.000 bushels from the Argentine
I depressed the Chicago market at the opening.
! The bears had the advantage and hammered
the market. They talked lower, but lacked the
nerve -to follow their convictions, being already
oversold.
Later on in the morning Chicago Improved
| under increasing reports of damage in the
i Northwest.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 05@l 07%; milling.
$1 Oflfctfl 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 12%; •14,000, $1 12%; 16,000, $112%.
May- 6000, $1 1534.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 12%;
4000 $1 12%; 10.000, $1 1214-
Regular morning session— — 2000 ctls,
$1 16%. December— SOOO, $1 12%.
--• Afternoon session— May— ctls, $116%. De
cember—l4,ooo.. $1 12%.
BARLEY— Futures continued weak and dull.
Spot prices were steady, owing to light spot
stocks.
Feed, new, So@93%c; Brewing. 97%c@$l 02%;
Chevalier. $1 12%@1 16 per ctl. ;*. "
CALL BOARD SALES. ', v .;,';.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — Seller '99, new
—2000 ctls, 84% c; 4000. 84% c.
Second session— December— ctls, 86% c.
Regular morning session— Seller "99, new—
8000 ctls, 84Tic. • •
Afternoon December— 2ooo ctls, 8S&c; ,
2000. S6T6c; 2000. 87c; 2000, S7%c; 6000. 87% c; 8000.
'OATS— Arrivals are light and quotations are
steady, with a fair demand. New White, ?i -d
@1 40. and new red, SI 07@l 15 per ctl.
"CORN*— market is quiet in the familiar
groove Offerings are ample, but .not large.
i Small round Yellow, $1 30@l 36; Eastern large
Yellow. $1 10@l 15; White. $1 W©l 15: , mixed,
$1 10 per ctl; California "White, $1 17%©] 22&.
RYK— 9o@92i4c per ctl.
BUCKW HEAT- Nominal.
FLOUR AXDMILLSTUFFS.
California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40i§3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 254j'3 40 lor bakers" and $2 25@3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS- Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs.; Rye Flour, $2 75; Hye
i Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal. $2 50;
extra cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 50®
4 75. Oat Groats. $4 75: Hominy, $3 25@3 50;
Buckwheat Flour. $4£4 25; Cracked Wheat.
$375; Farina. $450; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 55@6 95; in sacks,
$6 35<&6 75: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 50;
Green Peas, $5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues in the dumps. Local buyers
are holding off, expecting still lower prices.
As receipts are large the market is naturally
weak.
Feedstuffs sho-- no further change.
LiliAN — Hi sU@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60(&19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $20 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, i^Tifj^S; jobbing,
$28 50i@29; Cocoanut Cake, I2O@21; Cornmeal,
$23 SOii24 £0; Cracked Corn, $24©25 ;' Mixed Feed,
$15@16; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. $7©B 50 for good and $9 for
choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 6008; Oat. $5 50@7 75:
Barley, |6@7; Island Barley, *s<gß; Alfalfa, $5@
7 60 per ton.
STRAW— 2O@4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS. i
Beans continue quiet, but holders are firm
and exact full figures.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 90®2 : Small White, $2 05@
2 15; Large White, $-1 65@1 SO; Pinks, $2 30<g2 40;
Reds, nominal: Blackeye, $4 10&4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas, $4 10@4 15; Pea, $2 10@2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@3c; Flax, nominal; Canary S»ed,
2?ic per lb; Alfalfa, S%@9V4c: Rape, 3@3^4c;
Hemp, 4ViHj4Uc; Timothy, 4%®s>*c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25<$1 50; Green. $1 5f
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Another decline In Tomatoes Is noted and
i they are dull and weak. All other Vegetables
' are in large supply and cheap. Potatoes and
! Onions show no particular change.
i POTATtjfcB — : Garnet Chiles. *i(&J 15; Early
Rose. 75c@$l; Burbanks. Soc@sl 10 per ctl In
sacks and itOc@sl 50 in boxes.
ONION'S— 7S£SSc per ctl for Sllverskins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 75c@$l 50 per box
for ordinary and $1 75(&2 25 for fancy; Green
Peas, 2&2V2C per lb; String Beans, l%<g:3c:
i Lima Beans, sc; Cabbage, 50@60c; Tomatoes,
10<g35c per small box; Rivers, 40f&65c; Stockton.
! 805 65 c; Egg Plant. 50@73c; Green 0kra..50®75c
per box; Garlic, 2ifi3c; Green Peppers, 25@75c
tor Chile and 60c(g$l per box for Bell; Carrots,
30@40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 10rt7~20c;
Pickles, 76c@$l for No. 1 and 40@50c for No. 2;
Summer Squash. 20<g30c: Mar»owfat Squash.
$15@20 per ton; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack
for Vacavllle, $I@l 50 per crate for Alameda
and 40ig.!K)c for Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12@13c for Turkeys,
$4 for Ducks, $6 for Hens, $5 50 for old Roos
ters and $3 50€ 1 for Broilers.
Local stock shows no particular change, and
; is quiet.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 11@12%c for Gob
blers and ll@l2V?c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16@lSc; Geese, per pair, $I@l 25; Gosling^ $1 25
Ml 50; Ducks, $3«i4 for old and $3 50@5 for
1 young; Hens. $4 50@5 50; young Roosters. $si.i
'C; old Roosters, $4<S|'4 50; Fryers, $tfj4 50;
! Broilers, $3@4 for large, $2 50@3 for small:
Pigeons, $1 50®l 75 per dozen for old and $1 50@
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 75c per dozen.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese showed no change.
: There is no scarcity in any description, but
prices are maintained without difficulty.
BUTTER— I
! Creamery— Fancy creamery, 20521 c; sec
i onds, 19c.
Dairy— Fancy. 17^4@lSc; good to choice, 16@
17. ■ store, 14@15c per It).
CHEESE— mild new. 9<S9^c; old. 8@
f,u,,.-, Young America, 9^@loc; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16@19c for store and 20(9
28* per dozen for ranch; Eastern, l : = ■.-. for
selected, 16®17c for No. 1 and 14@15c for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The cannery are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $I"'S22 50 for frees and $30 for clings;
i Apricots, $30@40 per ton, according to size and
quality and district; Bartlett Pears, in this
city. |20@40 per ton; Green and Yellow Plums,
$50%>40 per ton; Colored Plums, $10<y:l5.
Canners are taking advantage of the liberal
supply of Bartlett Pears on the market to buy
much lower than the contract prices heretofore
; mentioned. This occurs every year at this
; time, when the fruit ripens all at once, and
for a fortnight overloads the market. The "lut
is not as pronounced as usual this year, owing
to the shortness of the crop and the heavy
exports to the East.
Peaches and Apples continue In excessive
. supply, and both are lower. Figs are scarce.
Melons are in larger supply. Grapes are
steady, with moderate receipts. Berries stand
: about the came. A
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— m
Apples. 25i555c per box; Crabapples, 35(r?50c
per small box.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $3t?4 per chest;
Strawberries, $ra<i per chest for small and
$1 25(32 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $3 500
4 50 per chest; Logan berries, $7@lo per chest;
Huckleberries, Sc per lb.
Watermelons, $Sw2o per 100.
Cantaloupes. 50c@$1 per box and $2 50@3 50 per
crate; Nutmegs. 50c@$l 2.'. per box.
Grapes, black and white, 76c per box and
75Cc?$l 25 per crate.
Currants, f4<§6 per chest.
Pears, : '..i: ■"'"■ per box, according to size;
BartL-tts. 7Sc?'sl 25 per box.
Nectarines, 25@50c per box for white and 60^>
85c for red. *
Figs, $1 2591 50 per box for double layers of
black 'and 75c@$l for white.
Apricots. 35©75 c per box.
Peaches, 15© 50c per box and 10@20c per bas
ket •
piums, 25@50c per box; Prunes, 50i@65c per
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $2@4;
; Lemons, 75c05l 50 for common and $2@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Cali
fornia Limes. per small box; Bananas,
$1 7.ifi2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I@2 50 per
j dozen. ;t '.-. '.:.■'
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Local dealers report a strong and Improving:
market for most kinds of fruit. Apricots lead
ins In point of activity and firmness. The
condition of the New York market appears In
the first column. ... .
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop>— Prunes. 6>*c for
40-50' ■oc for 50-60' s. 4c for 60-70' c. 3'i«l3\e for
70-M) - 2^i<s?.'4c for SO-90's, 2Vi4i-?4c for WJ-100's
an 1 2®2%c for 100-110's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
«arks 6Vi<" for 40-50" s, .'A..- for 50-60' s. 4Vic per i
Id for 60-70' s. 3%c for 70-80*8, 3%<?T3V4c for 80-90's '
and 2%@3c for 90-100's; Apricots, 9.^11c for Roy- j
als and Il»-i3?12%c for Moorparks; Peaches, 7140
7*wc- Fvaporated Apples, 7Vs>(3>c; Sun-dried, 6Vi
(&6c per Ib: Nectarines. 6@7c per lb.
RAISINS— 3-% c for two-crown. 4*ic for three
crown o^ic for four-crown, -IVjiSi; *or Seedless
Sultanas,' 3>£c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers: Dried Grapes. 2*i@3c.
Walnuts, s(ff?c for hardshell. 10@llc
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds.
new crop, I%c for Languedoc and :<'-..i- for
paper-shell; Peanuts. B®7c for Eastern and 4Vi
®'c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50<ff5.
HONEY— Comb. ll%c for bright and 10>.£,c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7»4@7>4c;
light amber extracted. 6V4<B7c; dark, sVac
per lb. _
BEESWAX— 26<ET27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues In pood shape for
sellers, the demand being good and prices
firm.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, B%c per lb for
heavy, 9@9V4c for light medium, lie for light.
12V>c for extra llcht and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13 1 / i@l4c; Califor
nia Hams, 12® 13c; Mess Beef, $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef. $15@15 M;
extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear, $16 50;
mess, $15® 15 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at s%<J?s%ic per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7V4c; 10-lb tins, Sic; 5-lb tins, BVic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9^c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
i case, S%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7'4c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. l\c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The circular of Jacob Wollner says of Wool:
"Our market, in spite of the condition of the
Eastern seaboard markets and Oregon and
Montana. Is not brisk," owing to the fact that
shippers do not like to take hold of wools at
the present asking prices, and scourers ' are
still working on old contracts. It will take
them a week or two yet to clean up.
, "There is still a great deal of wool in this
market unsold, comprising the best kinds,
such as Humboldt. Oregon and Nevada wool.
A good many lambs' wools have come in and
found a ready sale from s@7c.
"The Eastern markets are ' reported very
active, almost amounting to a boom. When the
shippers get up a little more courage and East
ern commission brokers get higher offers for
scoured wool there will be some more busi
n< HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lOiglOVic: medium, 9®9Vic; light. 9c;
Cowhides, 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. He; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c: culls and brands,
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf. 17c:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool, 85@60c each; medium, 70(g90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25@00c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4®4V4c per It); No.
2 B@3V4c; retlned, ; grease, 2®2&c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and South
ern 7 months, S@llc: Foothill and Northern
free ll@14c: Foothill and Northern defective,
9©llc- Nevada, ll@14c: San Joaquin Foothill
free 10@l2c; do detective, S^Sc: Humboldt and
Mendocino, lC%@lßc; Valley Oregon, 17<aiSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9(g11 1 ,4c
for fair to good.
HOPS— IS9S crop. 13(f?17%c per It); 1599 crop.
12Va@13c bid and refused.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 6c: Wool Bags,
26S 2Sc HfiST^
/ COAL— Wellington, ** per ton; New Welling
ton $3; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle, $6:
Brvant ?6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 60;
Scotch $S; Cumberland. $9 In bulk and $10 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, • $12:
Cannel, $S per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 GU; Coke. $12 per. ton in bulk and $14 In
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been five deliveries of coal from
Washington of 10,131 tons; four from British
Columbia, 13,746 tons; one from Oregon,^ 460
tons; one from Australia, 2347 tons; total. 2b,
--654 tons. Business in this line Is fair, princi
pally for steam uses, as the demand for do
mestic fuel at this season is always light. The
transports of the Government are calling freely
for coal, which in the aggregate foots- up a
large amount. If the department purchases
their varied supplies relatively as cheap as
they do fuel, the quartermaster locally will
make a good showing. The local supply of coal
in yard is light, as the lack of carriers is be
ing seriously felt; freight rates are high, but
tonnage is unprocurable. We have 'been fill-
Ing such large orders for lumber for several
months past that coal carriers have been di
verted to this branch, and in most cases they
are chartered for long voyages, thus creating
a gap which cannot be filled for the moment.
"Freights on coal from Australia to San
Francisco have been marked up. as Honolulu
Is paying 2s fid per ton more than our import
ers can afford to pay. hence we can expect hut
small shipments from that source for several
months to come." _„ \ ,
RlCE— China mixed. $3 75@3 So»Chlna No. 1,
$4 50<Sj4 90; extra do* $5@5 35: Hawaiian, $;> <o;
Japan, $4 12V > 75: Louisiana, $6©6. .
PACIFIC CODFISH— Alaska Codfish
Company issues the following price list: Bun
dles 4c per lb- cases, selected. &3*5M|C; boneless,
5%®5%c; strips 6V£@7%c: middles, 6%<5?SHc:
bricks. '6@7c; blocks, 7c; tablets. 8c; pickled
Cod, barrels, each, $"» SO; pickled Cod. half
barrels. $4.50; Boston rolls, 5%c.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-tt) bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5»4c; Dry
Granulated. 5%c; Confectioners" A, 6%c; Cali
| fornia A, «%c; Magnolia A. 4\c; Extra C, 4V:
Golden C, 4',ac: barrels. l-16c more: barrels,
4 c more; boxes, ':•■ more; 50-lt> bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
; equivalent. Dominos. half-barrels, 6%c; boxes,
6%c per rb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market stands about the same, and
j prices have shown very little change for a
' week. Hogs are scarce and firm.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lt> for Steers and 6«£@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— S@IOc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c: Ewes, 6V4c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring. 8c per rb.
PORK— Hogs. s%@sTsc for small, 6c for
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5M;c; dressed Hogs, 7<g'B'£c.
X RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. July 28.
Flour, qr sks 13.912 Raisins, boxes... SS
Wheat, ctls 10,490 Paper, reams 3,000
Barley, ctls 4,880 Leather, rolls 83
Cheese '.'Us 53 Wine, gals 17,900
Butter, ctls 207 Oats, ctls.. 1.2*0
Tallow, ctls 8 Rye. ctls I.ISO
Pelts, bdls 15 Potatoes, sks — 2.655
Hides, no 363 Onions, sks 242
Lime bbls '.'1 Bran, sks 1,013
Sugar, bbls 30 Middlings, sks... 230
Sugar, sks 1,565 Hay, tons 762
Eggs, doz 14.22" Straw, tons 11
Quicksilver, ftks. 61 Wool, bale 1
■«. —
Family Retail Market.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are unchanged
from la t week.
Poultry continues in good supply at reason
able prices. Meats are still dear and Hams
are higher again.
There is no change worthy- of note in Fruits
and Vegetables. This is the height of the
Eeason when all kinds are plentiful and about
as cheap as they ever get. Grapes are the
only important fruit still to come in, and they
are scarce and dear.
Fish show few changes.
Following Is The dm a regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel I 4? 10 00 ' Castle Gate.. s9 60®
Wellington . ©10 OOiSouthfield
New Welling- I Wellington <Q 950
ton <R>lo 00 : Cooe Bay © 7 00
Seattle ...... 8 00@— — i
Dairy Produce, etc —
Butter, fancy, per (Common Eggs 20<g 1
square 15 ? — : Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 40®— . dozen  25@30
Do good 35® — ! Honey Comb, per
Cheese Cal 10^12 Ib 12@15
Cheese. Eastern.. 17<£20 Do, extracted — ©10
Cheese, Swiss 20@25
Meats, per Ib—
Bacon 0017 Pork, fresh 15@20
Beef, choice lSfisnjPork. salt 12W15
Do, g^od 10315 Pork Chops 1541 8
Corned Beef — <?1" Round Steak i2U{f—
Ham, Cal. — <i?ls j Sirloin Steak 160—
Do, Eastern. .. l7 1 ! ■;— iPorterhouse, d 0. ..20025
Lurd Li© 15! Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton 10?rl5IPork Sausages. .12V<r-_'..
Lamb 12@15!Veal 15@20
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@65 Turkeys, per 1b...15<5f22
Young Roosters. Ducks, each oOujtid
each 60@75-j Geese. each...Jl 00«fl 50
Old Roosters, i Pigeons, pair 40@50
each 60<7?60 I Rabbits, pair —%(w
Fryers, each — $50 Hare. each.. 15^20
Broilers, each 354*40 i Doves, pr dz..Jl 00<gl 25
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, tb 15<7?20 Watermelons, echls@3s
Apples 4<S 6 dozen 10(^20
Crabapples 5© 6 Limes, dcz 10' a )_•
Apricots, per IT).. 5<5 3 Oranges, do* 15®3U
Bananas, Uoz 204f25 Pears, per It> 40 .'.
Blackberries, per Peaches, per 1b... 40 6
drawer 2MT3O Plums, per Ib 4@ 5
Currants, per bx. .0." ./ Halslns. rb h*tlu
Cantaloupes. ech.lo®2s Nectarines, per tb 4® 8
Nutmeg Melons... 6<B>lo K. ; t»'rries, per
Figs, per Ib 10015 drawer 25<f30
Huckleberries, Ib.l2(<j 'Strawberries, per
Grapes, per It) 10&12 I drawer 20@35
Lemons, doz 15ra2u I Walnuts, rb 12@15
Vegetables —
Artichokes, .20050 I Green Peas, 1b.... 4@ 5
Asparagus 5*0 12 Lentils, 1t>.... 6® S
Beets, dor. ..12'5?15 i Lettuce, doz 16@ —
Beans, white, Ib.. 4*i 5 Onions, rb 2fr "
Colored. lt> 4@ Peppers, green, lt> S<??10
Lima, In Mf— ' Potatoes. Ib SJf 5
Cabbage, each s@lo Parsnips, don 15$—
Cauliflowers, each 5010 1 Rhubarb, per Ib.. Alt- 6
Celery, bunch 60 — ißadfsbea, dz bchs.lo<i?l2
Cucumbers. per 'Sage. dr. beh5.:...25<ff35
dozen 10@12 String Beans, lb.. 4@ 6
i-.,... ,i,, 7. hn- h« .-■• ■ Summer Squash, lb 4<a 5
Egg Plant, per Ib. 6@ 8 Thyme. Ib 20if?30
i, :.-■•• Com. per T urnins. do» I"'/?'!';
■ dozen livrtsn Tomatoes, Ib 5@ 6
Green Okra, pr lt>. S@lo
Fish, per —
Barracuda 16©— Shad 12®15
Carp 10012 Sea Bass 12015
Codfish 12((fl5 --melts 15<£ — i
Flounders 10fnl2 Soles 12<Ji>15
Halibut 15® — Skates, each ]"<., —
Kingnsh —®12 Tomcod 12@—
Mackerel 15© — Clams, gal outtji —
Do. Horse -'■'— Do. hardshell. 100.4.in
Perch 12(fflo Crabs, each 10O1S
Pompano —#—'Do. softshell, doz.2. r j^f3s
Rocknsh 15@— Mussels, qt 10@12
Salmon, smoked..»i*» — I Oysters. Cal, 100..404*50
Salmon, fresh 20.D0. Eastern, d0»..25<840
Sh"mtis >.»Mu|
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, JULY 29.
sun rises 5:10
Sun sets 7:21
Moon rises 11:14 p. m.
Q jTime! Time ITitnej Time,
£ Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft.
!» |H W L AY H W L W
29 ...'| 4:66 4.0 10:09 2.0j 4:51 6.8 U:52l 0.5
30 ... 626 3.8 11:05 2.5| 5:46 5.9
L, W H W |L W H W
31 .. IM 0.2 7:56 3.91 12:09 2.9 6:44 5.9
1 ... 2:05—0.1 9:08 4.0| 1:14 3.0 7:40 5.9
2 ... 2:38—0.3 10:01 i 4.4j 2:16 3.1 8:321 "i.S
3... ::!--■'.."• 10:42 4.5 8:10 1.0 9:20| 5.S
4 ...| 4:21, — 0.51 U:l9| 4.S| 3:59] 2.91 10:05 i 5.S
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the eaily morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column Kives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there nre but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
K'ven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS To ARRIVE.
Steamer. # From. | Due.
Chas. Nelson. ..! St. Michael July 29
Columbia Portland July 23
Samoa Tacoma iJuly 23
Aloha |Point Arena IJuly H
Honita .Newport o>'..> -•
Curacao IMfxico (July !">
Weeott jHumboldt July 29
City of Peking. i China and Japan July 13
Coquille River. .Grays Harbor iJuly 3<J
Gaelic (China and Japan IJuly 30
Pity of Sydney. i Panama IJuly XI
■\Vashtenaw jTacoma..... IJuly 30
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION, THIS DAY,
SATURDAY. JULY 29.
$50,000 Worth of CH'NESE AND JAPA-
° ' • I\ESc FANCY GOODS.
At 2 and 8 p. m. Sharp.
39 GEARY STREET.
This stock comprises the most extensive line
of Cloisonne and Old Gold Satsuma Wares ever
offered at Auction in this City; also over
530.000 worth of Silks. Piece Goods and Ladles
and Gentlemen's Underwear. S.lk Robes and a.
full line of Ivory and Bronze Goods, all to bo
closed out, regardless of cost, by
* AUCTION
for the #ENE n/iT 8 WxORS
Respectfully. SUN FAT & CO.
C P. TROY & CO., Auctioneers.
One hundred seats reserved for ladies.
NO SMOKING ALLOWED.
.E7-N. 8.-There will be. five costly presents
given away, free of charge, to the ladies who
arrive promptly at our sales at 2 p. m. sharp.
Also, live elegant presents given away each
evening at 8 o'clock sharp.
City of Puebla. (Victoria _ Puget Sound:
.Crescent City... Crescent City ;
Santa Rosa |San Diego
Pomona 'Humboldt '
Mackinaw Tacoma
Newburg Grays Harbor. |
St. Paul St. Michael r I
Robt. Adamson. Nanaimo
Areata Coos Bay j
I — racou t a ! A pu lco j
North Pork Humboldt •
Coos Bay 'Newport ." '•
Cleveland I -get Sound .
State California Portland j
Progreso ! Seattle ;
Sunol Grays Harbor
Corona San Diego !
Point Arena Point Arena '
July 31
July 31
July 31
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
I Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. '2
Aug. 3
Aug. 2
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. *
i Auk. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 4
Aug. *
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
Corona I San Diego July 29. 11 am Pier II
Umatllla .. Vie A Pet Sd. July 3". 10 am Pier 9
"Weeott Humboldt July 30. 2 pm Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. 1 July 31. 2 Pier 2
Bonlta Newport I July 31. 9 am Pier 11
Aloha [Point Arena. .|July 31, 3 pmjPier !
Columbia ..Portland Au<. 1, 10 am Pier 24
City PeklnirlChinri A-Japan Ausr. 1. 1 pmIPMSS
Bertha I St. Michael... l Aur. 1, 2 pm; Pier 34
Santa RopalPan Dieeo (Aug. 2. 11 am Pier 11
Coquille RJOrays Harbor Au»r. 2. 2 pmlPier 2S
P.imona ...|Humbo!dt Aug. 2. 2 pm Pier 9
Sunol ! Grays Harbor Aug. 2,12 m Pier 13
Xewhurß .. Orays Harbor I Aug. 2, !
Arcata Coos Bay lAug. 4, 10 am! Pier 13
Cnos Hay... Newport [Aug. 4, 9 ami Pier 11
City Pueblafvic & Pfrt Sd. i Aug. 4. 10 am Pier 9
PtatP of Call Portland [Aug. 6. 10 ami Pier 2t
Steamer.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 2S.
Br stmr Moano, Carey, 23 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu 6 day 16 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Strand, SO hours from Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett, 34 hours from
Ventura.
Ptmr Czarina, Seaman, 90 hours from Se
attle
Bk Prussia, Jensen, 5 days from Port Blake
ley.
Br bk Inveramsay. Crombue, 141 days from
Antwerp. ■ '
Schr Reliance, Hagenah, 18 hours from
Phelps Landnig.
Schr Ida & Mary, Stensland, 18 days from
Shumgin Islands.
Schr Bessie X, Nielsen, 18 hours from Al
bion.
CLEARED.
Friday. July 28.
Br stmr Welllntrton, Salmond, Nanalmo; R.
Dunsmuir's Sons' Co.
Stmr Colon, Macklnnon, Panama; Pacific
Mail S. S. Co.
Stmr Homer, Hlgglns, St. Michael; Alaska
Exploration Co.
SAILED.
pnl l A r* I'■
Friday, July 28.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Homer. Hlgsrins. St. Michael.
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo.
CHARTERS.
The Mary E. Russ loads redwood lumber at
Eureka for Honolulu; Nanaimo, lumber at
Chematnus for Tientsin.
SPOKEN.
June 24, lat 10 N. long 26 W— Br ship Water
loo, from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
July 5, lat 33 N. long 43 TV— ltalian ship
Cavaliere Clampa, hence March IS, for Genoa.
July 10, lat 9 N, long 26 W— Br ship West
Lothian, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
July 16. lat 22 N. long- 23 W— Br ship May
field, from Barry, for San Francisco.
Per schr Mary & Ida — July 6, at Shumgin
Islands— Schr Winchester, to sail in a few
days.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAN DIEGO. July 28.— Schr Sequoia, from
Port Blakeley, with a cargo of lumber, was
damaged to the amount of $5000 by fire last
night.
LIVERPOOL, July 28— Br stmr Hermes ar
rived here and reports on July 10 in lat 6 S.
[ long 34 W, sighted ship Servia, from New
York, for San Francisco, with loss of mizzen
topmast head.
HAWAIIAN ISLES— Haw ship, which ar
rived at Melbourne, N. S. W., on Juno
28. with a cargo of lumber from Che-'
mainus. reports having: met with a heavy
northwest sale on May 2S when In lat 23
long 138 E. The sail on the vessel was re
duced to fore and lower maintop sails, the
wind being- of hurricane strength. One huge
wave which broke over the starboard quarter
did considerable damage, carrying away the,
lashings by which the deck load was secured.
' breaking some stanchions and bulging out the
bulwarks from the fore to the mizzen mast.
The bridge and topgallant bulwarks were also
washed away, while the foretopsail was torn
by a terrific gust of wind.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed July 2S— Schr William Ren
ton, for San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed July 28— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— July 28— Stmr Bmpir*.
hence July 24.
Sailed July 28— Stmr Signal, for Grays Har
bor.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived July 2S— Bktn Retriev
er. Crom Port Hadlock.
Sailed July 2S— Stmr Westport, for San Fran
cisco.
. GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 28— Stmr
i Sunol. hence July 24.
GREENWOOD — Arrived July 28 — Stmr
Whitesboro, from Port Los Angeles.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived July 28— Schr
Mary Etta, hence July 26. Schr Bender Broth
i ers, hence July 25. - .r. . . v
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July Stmr Rival,
hence July 27.
1 1 ri'.NKME— Passed July Stmr Curacao,
from Guavmas, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 2S— Jap stmr Riojun
Mam, from Yokohama. Stmr Progreso. henco
July 24. Br stmr Athenian, from Victoria.
Sailed July 2S— Stmr National City, for Grays
Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived July Stmr Fulton,
hence July 26. Schr Bertha Dolbeer. from San
Pedro. Schr Charles E Falk, hence July 19.
Sailed July 2S— Schr Lilleonne, for San
Pedro. Stmr Weeott, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
BOSTON— Arrived July 28— Stmr Ultonla,
from Liverpool.
FOREIGN PORTS. ,
HONOLULU— Arrived July 14— Jap stmr Nip
pon Maru. hence July S. Bktn Morning Star,
! from Reek. Schr Viking, from Albion. July
! 15 — Schr Transit, hence June 22. Ship Euterpe,
! from Newcastle, N. S. W. July 16 — U S stmr
Brutus, from Apia. Bktn W II Dimond, hence
I June 29. Gr Ik .1 C Glade, from London. July
I 17 — Haw stmr City of Columbia, returned from
sea. July IS— Bktn Kltkitat, from Port Town
send. Schr Jessie Minor, from Eureka. July
— Stmr MariDOsa, hence July 13. Br stmr
Coptic, hence July 14. Stmr Conemaugh, hence
July 11. IT S A T City of Para, hence July 13.
Bk C 1") Bryant, hence July 1. July 21—
• stmr Moana. from Sydney.
Sailed July Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro,
for Yokohama. Stmr Australia, for San Fran
-1 cisco. July 15— Haw bk R P Rithet, for San
Francisco. Bk Albert, for San Francisco. Jap
stmr Nippon Maru, for Yokohama. • July 16 —
Schr C S Holmes, for Port Townsena. Br
schr Retriever, for Hongkong. Schr Fannie
Adelf. for Grays Harbor. Bk Martha Davis,
for San Francisco. July IS — Br stmr Wyefleld,
for Manila. July 19— Stmr Mariposa, for Syd
ney. July 20— ship Wega. for Port Town
send. Bk Alden Besse, for San Francisco.
Bktn Addenda, for San Francisco.
To sail July 23— U S stmr Brutus, for Guam.
KAHULUl— Arrived July Schr Allen A,
hence June 25.
Sailed July 12— Colusa, for San Francis
co. Bk Haydn Brown, for San Francisco.
Schr Mary Dodge, for San Francisco.
Kill El— Arrived July 12— Schr Jennie Wand,
from Aberdeen.
HILO— Sailed July 9— Haw ship Falls of
Clyde, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. N. S. Chartered to load
at Newcastle— Br ship Alclnous, for Oregon;
bk Alec! McNeil; Hr ship Helensburg: Br bk
Inverneill: bk James Nesmith; Haw ship John
Ena; Fr ship Noemi; bk Snow & Burgess; Haw
ship Star of France, for San Francisco; Haw
ship Hawaiian Isles, for Honolulu or San
Francisco: Br bk Dominion; Hr ship Errol :
sehr Golden Shore; Hktn Jane N Stanford;
iiktn Mary Winkleman; bktn Newsboy: bktn
Robert Sudden; bk Seminole; schr William
Carson: Br bk Wooliahra, for Honolulu.
Sailed June .7— Bk Palmyra, for San. Fran
cisco. June 11— fik Empire, for Honolulu.
June ' IS— Bk Harvester, for Honolulu. . June
26— Br ship Port Logan, for San Diego. June
30— bk Gen de Charette, for San Francisco.
In port July s— Bk Abby Palmer;- brig Ge
neva: bktn John Smith; ship Louisiana; ship
Yosemlte. for Honolulu: Br ship Port Patrick;
bk Sea King; Br ship William Tillie. for San
Francisco; I!r ship Verajean, for Oregon.
CAPE SPARTEL— Passed July . 2S— ltalian
ship Cavaliere Clampa, hence March IS, for .
Genoa.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior July 28— Bktn Mary
W!nkleman, from Eureka. ■ .
CALLAO— Arrived July 26— Br bk British
I Princess, from Astoria-i , OF Tilt 1 1
V I BAY CITIES / /
SCHOOL TRUSTEE
STORER ANSWERS
HIS OPPONENTS
Elmhurst Club Is Up
in Arms.
— ♦ —
HiS APPOINTMENT AFFIRMED
— * —
COUNTY SUPERINTENDENT WILL
NOT REVOKE IT.
+
The Editor-School Director Denies He
Is a "Peanut Politician" or a
Party to -'Dark-Lantern"
Schemes.
*
Resolved, That we ask the County
Superintendent of Schools not to be
a party to the dark lantern schemes
of our peanut politicians and their
perambulating constituency, and
grant us. for our families' sakes. as
taxpayers and property owners our
reasonable requests.
i ... ...
Oakland Office San Fran
908 Broadwaj . Julj 28
The Klmhurst Improvement Club in the
- given above concludes a stinging
protest against an editor being made a
School Trustee of the thriving little town
'■f El mhurst, called forth by the appoint
>f Prank Storer. editor of the Klm
"hursi Review, a few days ag" by County
■ • ■■• .• •■; T. < 1. ' Crawford, as
I . Trustee Show, who contem
itJates moving to It- rk
No sooner had the news of the appoint
ment reached Klmhurst than the improve
ment club had a special meeting, unani
mously adopting resolutions ii which was
embodied a vigorous protest against the
action of the County Superintendent in
what the members termed the arbitrary
appointment of Storer.
The preamble to the resolutions recite
that Mr. Storer is "a temporary resident
of Elmhurst and not in any sense a tax
payer or property owner, and, further, a
practically unanimously defeated candi
date for School Trustee at the recent elec
tion held in Elmhurst last month. 1 A
statement that Storer had presented a
petition of "all residents of Elmhurst"
may be true, continue.- the preamble, "but
the petition on its face must be bogus
It is then asked that the matt of the
appointment of Trustee Show's successor
be delayed for at least a week, conclud
ing with the resolution embraced above.
This protest was promptly forward* to
County Superintendent Crawford, who to
day answered the remonstrance briefly
by acknowledging its recoipt and inform
ing- the club that the appointment had
already been made, the vacancy being
rilled by a man who will probably do his j
duty.
"Now. there's nothing more to do about j
this affair," said Mr. Crawford to-day.
"The appointment rested with me. and 1
made it, and ! f^el that the selection was
a good one. Mr. Storer comes well recom
mended. Among thf signers of his peti- '
tion were some of the best men of Elm
hurst. Including School Trustees Flan kin
and Jones. ex-Trustee Ed Hoerst, Post- j
master Gray and It. Lynch. Mr. Storer
has one child in school now and two
others nearly old enough to attend."
Mr. Ston : to-, hiy to
ti tns made by the Improve
lie de< lares that some who
d his petition have been members
and defenders of the Klmhurst improve
ment Club. "My nanv was not presi
t" the voters at the last electioi
I Trustees." -aid Mr. Storer to-daj .
sequently I was not a unanimously
defeated candidate. 1 am not a temporary
r< sident, for 1 hav< I!v>-d at Klmhurst the
-■ four years. And as fur the refer
to "dark lantern schemes,' 'pi
THRILLING TALE
OF A RETURNED
FORTUNE SEEKER
J. W. Barry Tells His
Experience
HORRORS OF THE KLONDIKE
SAD ENDING OF HIS PARTNER,
W. W. DUFFIELD.
Compelled to Live One Month in a
Cabin With a Corpse for a
Companion — Other Hard
ships Related.
.T. W. Harry, who was* for twelve years
foreman of the Bpreckels Sugar Refinery,
and who wen* to Alaska In search of a
fortune two years ago in company with
\V. W. I.»uffi>ld. an employe of the same
corporation, returned a few days . ago ,
from that distant country with a tale of
suffering which perhaps has not a paral
lel in the history of the frozen north. The
returned gold-seeker ;s hardly the sam.
man who' left this city in 1597. At that
time he was buoyant with hope and
health, weighing in the neighborhood of
flay he is a mere »em
i.'.ance of his former self, having through
hardship and suffering lost elghiy pounds,
let this roan whose story is replete with
sensational passages declares that he Is
going back to ihe Klondike regions with
two objects :i! view: to bring back gold
and Uk body <>t his partner, which is
buded in a forsaken cabin at the upper
th>- Trangic River.
It !•= |ust two rears since Harry and
r>ufH-?ld the latter now dead, started over
W' I two other local men
W Koster and W. Duff. The party ex- I
.•■; rough trip, the unfor
■ Dum'eld becoming snow-blind for
;i short period. On peaching Fort Yukon. |
Barry and I;ufii< id separated from their
companions, going up the Porcupine River
;iS fur as Black River. From thero they
proceeded up the Trangic River and en
camped at tin foot of ihe mountains. For
they toiled In an effort to locate
. iiow" metal. At this point Dufneld :
wait taken sick with scurvy and finally j
)ad to go around on crutches. His illness ,
became 60 critical that Barry had to stop ;
work ;md devote all his attention to the ]
.r. Shortly before midnight on i
\ >ril 26 Outfield died. Barry was pros- ,
i rated 'iom sorrow and overwork, and '
while scarcely able to crawl around.'
. weakness, he managed to dig a
.- of the cabin and place ,
buffleld'a body in ft. The hole not being j
. :.ough, the knees of the dead man.
which had not been straightened out after
hit demise, protruded, .
For one whole month Barry lived in the
rabln sick and distressed, his only com
any being the body of his partner whose
i mphasized his presence. The lone- .
M.ness of his condition becoming past an
il :rance. Barry made a supreme effort to
get away. Although the river was only
Eft*- yards from his cabin it took him two [
I^WLIv'iIASkIII) :
politicians' and "perambulating constit- !
uencies," the*=e are the worn-out stock |
phrases of a bygone age, frequently uffid
to embellish the flatulent beguiling rhe- j
tortc of documentary resolutions."
Wh.it the ultimate outcome will he re
mains to be seen.
PLEASURE RIDE ENDS
IN A ROAD SPILLING
Oakland Office Hat: Francisco Cali,
908 Broadway, July -v
A three-seated phaeton filled with a
P-i-rty of well-known San Franciscans and
Oaklanders was overturned Thursday
night on the road between Hay wards and
Nlles. The occupants of the vehicle were
thrown to the ground, all hut one escap
ing Injury.
The party consisted of Abe Alexander,
Mr and Mrs. Henry Kahn, Miss Sarah
Kahn. their young daughter; Mr. and
Mrs. Harry Hoffman. Dr. and Mrs. Mar
tin Regensberger and Mr. and Mrs. Schell
of San Francisco. Mr. Schell was the un
fortunate and the injuries sustained by
him, a broken leg, might have been avoid
ed had he not sacrificed himself for the
safety of Miss Kahn, whom he was hold-
Ing in his lap at the time of the accident.
Abe Alexander, the prominent merchant
of Haywards, was driving. Meeting an
obstruction in the road be attempted i"
swing the team on the right hand side
1.- ward the embankment. There was just
room enough to pass clear of danger, but
his horses suddenly shied and the hind
wheel slipped off the bank, upsetting the
phaeton. A general road "spill" with Its
concomitant excitement prevailed until
the members of the party were extri
cated In falling Mr. Schell. who is an
employ" In the San Francisco Mint, held
Miss Kahn in a high position and landed
h<r safely on the road, but he lost his
balance and fell heavily under the vehicle,
breaking his left leg.
CHANGES IN STUDENTS'
CO-OPERATIVE STORE
The University of California Will
Imitate Harvard's Way of Sell
ing College Text-Books.
BERKELEY. July 88.— The students' co
store of the LTniverslty of Call-
Is to adopt a new policy fur dis
posing of its books, commencing with the
g f :)i>- college term in August. The
that followed by the bookstore . t
Harvard University, and tin- Berkeley
students will ccpy it in practically every
detail.
Us chief innovation is the doing away
entirely with the Riving of discount, for
which "purpose the students h'rsi started
• - ■me was Inaugurated
- igo, with the intention •>!"
. _ books at wholesale
■ from Eastern firms and retailing
to members, of the store at a cost
sufficient to defray expenses. The
. worked very well until the an
| i :..• s',.n- amounted to some
when M was found impossible t.i
rack uf the list of memhers, as out
- also availed themselves "f the
privileges, securing b..oks at almost cost
•
To stop this abuse the directors of the
vii! copy the Harvard plan of con-
Ir concern as a retail buslm bs,
. each year from the purchases
h regular member th^ discount on
<m purchases t" which membership
• ft. >re entitles him. It is expected
:.-. this way to counteract the use to which
the st. .re has been put by non-members
taking undue advantage of its co-opera
tive plan.
MORIARITY CASE AGAIN.
Assistant District Attorney Melvin
Thinks He Has Found Something.
OAKLAND. July 28.— John Moriarity,
ex-clerk in the employ of the M. J. Keller
tnj . may be again prosecuted for
hi? shady transactions. There was not
sufficient evidence to prove the <harg»s
gainst him when he was tried be-
Judge Smith, but Assistant District
attorney Melvin thinks that Moriarity
(■an be brought befope the court under
the following code section, and will un
secution;
"Every officer, director, trustee, '-i.-ik.
servant or agent of any association, socJ
• corporation (public or privati i who
fraudulently appropriates to any use ■■!
s< not in the due- and lawful execu
if his trust, any property which h.
, days to crawl on his hands and knees
i back and forth with blankets and provi
sions for his trip. He then crawled Into
his canoe and cast himspif adrift, but it
was Tint tught in an
ice jam. For three days he remained In
the boat. suffering untold horrors. When
found a tew days later by an Indian hv
was in an uncont ditlon. The
friendly native packed Barry to Fort Yu
kon, and from there he was si nt to Circle
City, when Dr. Partridge ol 7::: i Shotwell
t. this city, is located. Under his
kindly ministrations Barry recovered and
was enabled to leave Alaska and come to
this city.
Despite these hardships Barry intends
returning to that cheerless country, and
hopes to bring buck gold and the body of
. his partner.
MONEY FOR SAN DIEGO.
The County Wins In Its Action
Against Riverside.
The Supreme Court has passed upon the
rase of the county of San Diego againsi
the county of Riverside and de< Ided
against the intter. The action i* similar
to that of Colusa and Glenn counties, re
cently decided. Riverside was created as
a county by the Legislature of 1893 out of
the territory of San Bernardino and San
Diego counties, and the mutual claims
and obligations were Boon alter adjusted
by a commission. Prior to the creation
of the new county there was owing from
the Southern Pacific Company to Ban
Diego County a considerable sum or
money for taxes delinquent for tht; years
1880 and 1887.
In 1894 the Board of Equalization made
reassessments of the railroad's property
for 1880 and 1887, and that part of the
line, tracks, etc., in Riverside County
was awarded thereto. These reassess
ments were entered upon the tax roll* of
the counties interested according to the
erroneous apportionment of the Board of
Equalisation, and the State Treasurer, by
whom the taxes were collected from the
railroad company, paid the same to the
treasuries of the counties. Riverside re
ceiving $7969 65 more and San Diego that
amount less than they would have re
ceived if the whole amount of delinquent
taxes had been awarded according to the
ratio established by the commissioners.
San Diego County was obliged to sue
her sister county in Los Angeles for the
sum mentioned, and won the case. This
decision was affirmed by the higher court
upon the general ground that the taxes
were properly payable to San Diego
County in the first instance, and the por
tion received by Riverside "was so re
ceived only in consequence of a mistake
made by the Board of Equalization and
by the State Treasurer.
JOLTED THE JUNK MEN.
State Officers Catch Another Lot of
Illegal Chinese Fishers.
Deputy Fisl. H!ul Game Commissioner
John Davis made another raid late on
Thursday upon the Chinese fishermen
up thr bay and succeeded in landing :Uo
of the Mongolians in the jail at Sausaiit".
Notwithstanding it is well known that.
the commission is determined to put a
stop *«> the wholesale destruction of
young Jish these fishers continue to defy
the law. In this Illegal pursuit they have
reduced their operations to a system
which makes capture difficult. A i.um
ber of their fellows are posted along the
hills near where the nets are to be cast,
and upon the lirst appearance of the
State launch signals are given, the sail*
of the junks are s» t. and away the _'hl
neee go. If the launch gets too close to
the nink th». occupants throw all thtj
fish and shrimp into the water, and upon
being captured there is no actual evidence
to prove the crime, although the waters
for a mile may be covered with floating
As soon as they begin to throw fish
overboard the air Is filled with .hundreds
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY. JULY 29, 1899.
SHE IS SIXTY, BUT HAS
A STRONG RIGHT ARM.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. July 28.
MKS. MARY DOHRMANN, aged
60 and of belligerent tempera
ment, is again in trouble. This
time she is charged with dis
turbing the peace, the direct const-
• -SH& Tc»e Hii
CLOTHES HALF OFF •••
quences of which are a battered head
and torn and rent clothing, to both
of which pieces uf personal property
John H. Toedt, a carpenter, holds at>-
BOlUte title. Toedt swore nut a war
rant against Mrs. Dohrmann, who
was arrested late Thursday night.
She is now out on $2'> bail, the case
being set fur trial on August 11.
As the story runs, Mrs. Dohrmann
was remonstrating with a pack of
children ->n the corner of Twenty
second and Adeline streets. They had
been annoying her by a wholesale out
pouring of juvenile Insults, when she
turned upon them and for a moment
then was a scattering of the young
throughout the streets of Oakland.
John Toedt happened to stray that
way and he made himself the cham
pion of the children. Mrs. Dohrmann
then switch..! her animosity on to his
has in his possession or under his con
trol by virtue of bis trust, or secretes t
with a fraudulent Intent to appropriate It
to such use or purpose. Is guilty of em
bezzlement."
TAILOR IN LUCK.
' News From Cape Nome Says Erik I
Lindblom Has Made a Find.
OAKLAND; July I *.— Erik Lindblom. an
'< Oakland tailor, has struck an El Dorado
1 •it CaDe Nome if reports from that dis- >
triet are true. He shipped before the
1 mast on the Alaska, leaving that ship
* when It struck Point Clarence.
Lindblom was loth to remain, but as j
I the captain of the ship refused to take
! him aboard after his desertion, he started
■ out for the mining district where he now
| holds some rich claims. He has a wife i
, a nd children residing in Oakland. |
Deatb of th«s N.otner of Alice R x. j
OAKLAND. July 28.— Mary J. Ballard, j
< the mother of Mrs. Alice Rix. died this j
i afternoon at the home of James Jameson.
1180 Nineteenth street. Last Friday Mrs.
, Ballard fell in a swoon in a Washington-
of gulls and other sea birds, winch have
a harvest. With a good wind th.: old
awkward iunks make very lively time
through the water, and it is with diffi
culty that the launch can win in such .1
Although the wind was blowing .i
small gale wh.-n Davis started for Point
Pedro there was a ha«e over the water,
which prevented the lookouts from see
ing as far as usual, and the discover'/ of
the officials was made too late to be of
use to flu- fishermen, who were caugbT
with ever a ton of shrimp and young
smelt. The fishermen wen- taken to Sau
salito rather than to San Rafael, whtn
the Commissioners, according to their
ment, have great trouble to set a
jury to convict the law-breakers, no mat
ter how conclusive th^ evidence of guilt.
FRATERNAL EAGLES.
They Had a High-Class Entertain
ment and Smoker Last Night.
Last evening San Francisco Eerie No.
5 of the Order of Fraternal Eagles gave
the first of a series of high-class enter
tainments and smokers to the member
ship and a number oX invited friends in
B'ne B'rith Hall. The only decorations
in the hail were American flags and ft
large eagle. The affair was under the
direction of John Hergot, R. H. Rusch,
Thomas Clancy and Charles Reynolds,
the commissioners on entertainment, with
Ed Head as master of ceremonies. At 0
o'clock the members of the lodge in .re
galia and led by two members in cos
tume, one representing Uncle Sam and
the other John Bull, entered the hall and
occupied seats reserved for them and af
ter them mm- the guests and in a short
time there were more than GOO men In the
place of meeting.
The programme included an address by
the president of the meeting, the appoint
ment of Oscar Hocks as chief bungstart
er with a corps Of assistants wearing \
white cape and aprons, with instructions
that their duties were to provide, a col
lation and refreshments to all who de
sired the same; sor.g. W. Foley; mono
logue and songs. Master Kreling: vocal
solo Edward O'Connor: duet, Messrs.
Carleton and Rogers: La Jess and Cough
lin, acrobatic feats: vocal solo. M.
Getz; specialties. Thomas Mahon. and a
four-round boxing match by Thomas
Klynn and Jack McDonald of the Olym
pic Club. The affair was a pleasant one
and well managed.
Number Seven Won the Prize.
At the reunion of the various branches
of the Young Ladles' Institute <>f Sati
Francisco, Oakland and uther places Ifi
the vicinity Institute No. 7 of thiß city
was awarded a handsomely engraved dia
mond-studded gold pin for having given
the best number <>n the programme. The
presentation was by Grand First Vice
President Miss A. M. Potthoff. who con
gratulated the fortunate institute upon
being the first to be awarded a prize, it
being the first time in the history of the
order that any branch of the institute
1 ever received one.
This very energetic institute has ar
ranged for a social to be given in Native
Sons' Hall on the night of the 31st of next
August. _
Granted the Writ.
Mrs. Reed Of 144 Clipper street and
Secretary Wadham of the Eureka Soci
ety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren appeared before Judge Bahrs yester
day morning in answer to a writ of ha
■ beas corpus sworn out by Mr?. Emily
Pepper, directing them to produce her
two boys in court, that their custody
' might be awarded to the proper party.
The boys are in the custody of the re
spondents pending the outcome of an ac
tion for divorce between Mrs. Pepper and
: her husband. After hearing the facts of
the case Judge Bahrs granted the writ
and gave the children into the custody of
their mother.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
track anrl began riding over the car
penter. With the full and unimpaired
vigor of her sixty summers, she dug
trenches in the clothing of John
Toedt. Dumfounded and astounded
by the energy of Mrs. Dohrmann's
attack, he lost the tight in the be
ginning. She plied her fingers and
her rifts and succeeded In bringing
Toedt to earth. The latter finally con
quered, but not until the fury <>f the
woman had exhausted her strength.
For his own safety he sat full upon
the supine form and called In the
assistance of the police, fearful that
If she succeeded in freeing herself the
battle w'uild begin anew.
Then the third principal In the dram
atis personae stalked on the stage.
According to the warrant, he Is the
son of Mrs. Dohrmann and his spe
cialty is the throwing of small stones,
some of which found si lodgment on
Toedt's head. Sergeant Clark had
heard the fracas from afar and ar
riving upon the scene to breathless
baste, he gathered In the remains.
Mrs. Dohrmann has demanded a trial
from twelve of the peers of the land.
Street Store. The cause of her death was
a blood clot on the brain. An operation
was performed yesterday by l>r. Enos.
but !• ath s ] follow. .1.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE
STREETS IS DISCUSSED
OAKLAND, July 28.— The committee of
the whole <>f the Board of Public Works
met yesterday morning; to discuss the Im
provement of Oakland's stre. t~.
Mr. i 'lement promised to furnish the
board in the near future a systematized
amount of Information on street sweep-
Ing machines for the use of the city. The
matter was referred to the City Engi
neer. Mr. Clement reported that the ap
proximate cost of B sewerage and storm
system for the lately annexed district
would tie $4000, and that nothing could be
done until grades were established.
Macadam walks will receive their test
In the immediate future. Superintendent
of Streets Miller said he intended con
BURGLAR SHOT BY A
WELLS-FARGO AGENT
THIEF STOLE W. W. FULMER'S
CLOTHES AND MONEY.
A Lively Fusillade Upon Roadside
Bushes. From Which Groans
Were Heard by a
Neighbor.
The residents of the little town of San
Mateo had a real live burglar in their
midst in the middle of this week, which
caused no end of excitement, for the dis
covery of the criminal was attended by
some lively shooting and a strong belief
that the thief was struck by one of the
bullets. The gentleman whose house the
thief entered is Walter W. Fulmer, the
purchasing agent for Wells, Fargo & ('->.
of this city. After finishing his work on
Thursday Mr. Fulmer went home and in
due time to bed. During the night Mrs
Fulmer was aroused by seeing the outline
of a strange man standing at the foot of
the bed. The first supposition was that
her mother had entered the room, but this
was dispelled hy seeing the fellow seize
her husband's pantaloons and vest and
dart out of the room.
The frightened lady aroused her hus
band, who seized his revolver and rushed
to the front door. Not seeing the burglar,
he fired a shot at random and then began
systematically to shoot into every bush
and clump of vines that grow along the
fence, for a distance of 199 yards. The
reports of the weapon attracted the atten
tion nf a lady living in the next house,
near the end of the block. She raised the
window ami after the last shut was Bred
listened for what would happen next.
While waiting she distinctly heard groans
as of some one in pain about a quarter of
the distance from her house to that of Mr.
Fulmer. After a little theße sounds re
ceded and all waa silent.
Mr. Fulmer i.fter emptying his revolver
made an investigation of the premises and
found that the thief had broken into the
house by opening a pantry window. He
removed a large jar of preserves from the
shelf and climbed down over several
shelves of glassware, showing that he was
no novice. After drinking several glasses
of milk arid eating freely of the . good
things in the pantry he visited the room
of the servant girl, which he ransacked
without disturbing her. The next move
was upon the room occupied by the owner
nf the bouse. Mr. Fulrnrr's trousers con
tained $75 in cash, and in the vest was a
valuable gold watch. In the morning the
garment? were found In the road, but the
valuables were missing. The thief in ran
sacking the house did not take any of the
silverware, showing that he desired only
such plunder as could be easily disposed
of. The town marshal made an investiga
tion, and that seems about as far as he
could go; but all of the residents of thd
<iuiet iittle town are now the possessors of
pistols.
A Cascarone Party.
The jclnt cascarone party in Mission i
Parlor Hal!, given by Hesperian Parlor ■
of the Native Sons and Las Lomas Par- !
lor of the Native Daughters last night, i
was one of the most pleasant social func- |
tions ever given by the Native Sons and i
Daughters ->f the Mission district. The [ -
hall decorations were nlle green and pink,
relieved by numerous American flags, i
During the evening there was the throw-!
i;iK OI < r.s<-a rones and in n few moments
tlio merry dancers were covered with bits j
of varicolored paper, which, on the hun
dred* who were on the floor, produced a j
pretty effect. The programme of dances j
was of twelve numbers and the function
was directed by: Charles H. Ehlert,
chairman; Miss N. Waters, assistant
chairman; Miss R. Bell, Misa J. Holier,]
structing some dozen in all, a few of
which would be placed downtown.
A resolution authorizing the employ
ment of men for public r.ork was read.
Miller fixed the figure for street improve
ments at So.Oho.mM. At a cost of 1 per cent
for repairing, he said that the streets
could be kept in good condition by em
ploying two gangs, working nine months
in thn year. The employment of two
crews of live men each was recom-
mended. , , .
Councilman Girard suggested that a
well and electric power for the purpose
of supplying the City Hall and other pub
lic buildings with wholesome water be es
tablished. A resolution api>"itiur.s A. G.
Slneclair inspector of sprinklers of streets
was adopted. _ . ..
The people of Golden Gate offered the
use of a lot for a fire engine house The
matter was referred to the Fire and Po
lice Commissioners,
ALAMEDA COUMTY
NEWS BREVITILS
OAKLAND, July 28.— A baseball game
between the Reliance and Nile clubs will
be played at Freeman's Park, Golden
Gate, to-morrow afternoon.
A marriage license was issued to-day
to Lee Corona Brooks, aged 30 years, and
Mabel Holmes La Brut, aged 17. both
natives of California and residents of
Tesla. J. A. La Brut, father of the pros
pective bride, gave his consent and se
cured the license.
M. J. Lay ma nee, C. H. King. Dr. J. M.
Merrell, Dr. J. P. Dunn, Robert M. Fitz
gerald. E. G. Vlnzent, A. S. Macdonald
and others returned to-day from the
McKlttrick oil fields, in which they are
interested. They make glowing reports
of the future of the district.
Mrs. Annie Ilobson. residing at 1507
Eleventh avenue, has taken steps to have
Jeanette Kaiser, aged 14 years, committed
to the reform school at Whitti-r. The
girl Is an orphan, and Mrs. Hobson com
plains that she seals and associates with
bad companions.
Joseph Staunton. whose skull was frac
tured and who lost a portion of his
brains as a result of an operation, cre
ated consternation at the Receiving Hos
pital to-day by disappearing for nearly
an hour. The police were notified, but be
fore much searching had been done Staun
ton, who it was supposed would not
venture out on the street, returned, stat
ing that he "felt strong as an ox and
had gone to get a shave."
An appraisement of the estate of Bes
sie Roy Elliott, a minor, was filed to-day,
showing a total valuation of 119,050, in
cluding realty on Telegraph avenue, near
Twenty-sixth street, worth $15,000; a
$3f«K) legacy bequeathed by the terms of
the will of Mrs. Elizabeth Hutch
her guardian, and thirty shares of Cen
tral Bank stock, worth $1050.
The California Cotton Mills will remain
in East Oakland. In spite of many mu
nificent offers by various parties in
Texas, Secretary J. F. Miller states with
positlveness that no proposition to move
will be considered.
Fell From a Wheel.
ALAMBDA, July 2*.— Dr. Arthur Gor»!
! <jf 1702 Paru street fell from a bicycle this
i evening and broke his left thigh bone near
;!• hip joint. He was riding on Santa
Clara avenue, near Walnut street, when
i the uar tire blew up with a report like
i that of a pistol. Dr. Gore thought some
' one had taken a shot at him and ha*
t> ned to jump from his wheel. ' His left
1 foot waa caught in the toe clip and he
: was thrown with considerable force, be
i Ing rendered unconscious by the fall.
; Drs. Hull and Smith attended him.
Crushed Under Tons of Coal.
OAKLAND, July 28. — The particulars ,
of the death of Anton Cordish in the
Tesla coal mines last Wednesday were
disclosed to-day at the inquest held in
LJvermore. According to the testimony,
Cordish had been employed in "timber
inK," and while resting on the 200-foot
level 120 tons of coal came crashing- down
the chutes and crushed out his life almost
instantly. It required several hours'
work to recover the body. Deceased was
a native of Austria, aged 36 years.
High School Changes.
OAKLAND, July 88.— The Board of Ed
ucation to-night passed a resolution re
vising the course at the High School,
which will necessitate the employment of
two extra teachers. A new system of pro
motion was also adopted, which will in
future make promotions occur at any time
of the school year, whenever the efficiency
of the class' will permit the pupil's ad
vancement.
S.>m<> people can't even tell the truth
without exaggerating.
Miss H. Gimpel, Miss of. Lay ton, W. D. ,
Moller. L. B. Daggett, C. P. Lemoge, Jo
seph McLaughlin rind Miss B. Conlin, I
committee of arrangements: C. P. I^e
moge. floor manager, and H. (,'onlin, as
sistant fln.ir manag< r.
OSGOOD A TRIPLE BIGAMIST.
The Whisky Drummer Sentenced for
Petty Larceny Is in More
Serious Trouble.
George 1.. Osgood, the whisky drummer,
who was sentenced by Judge Mogan
to six months in the County Jail fur
"petty larceny by trick and device," has
; landed himself into more serious trouble.
Ye-terday John C. A. Ma-?donald. a sta
! tioner in Oakland, swore to a complaint
! in Judge slogan's court for Osgood's ar
rest on the charge of bigamy. He alleges
that Osgood, while a married man. was
married in Stockton on February 15 last
to Tillie (ilovir. his sister-in-law, lie has
documents to prove his case.
Later Richard Bourne, a dealer in
• leather findings on Second street, called
' upon the Judge and wanted a warrant
for Osgood's arrest upon a similar charge.
He lives at 2126 Hush street, and alleged
that Osgood married his daughter last '
year while he had a wife living on Te
; hama street. His daughter was tne di
vorced wife <>f W. I>. Wynne, After her
divorce she obtained employment with Os
! good as his stenographer, and married
him. When she learned of his previous
marriage she discontinued the use of his
i ame. Tne wife on Tehama street said
that she had ascertained that Osgood hail
been married before he met her. and his
wife was living aomew' ere in Texas.
Bourne was advised to get the Tehama
street wife to come to court with her
marriage certificate before the warrant
i.s issued.
. ♦ .
WACHENDORF WANTS A BATH.
j He Objects During His Hearing to
I Police Interference.
1 The preliminary hearing of Dr. C. Wach
■ endorf for the murder of Kehlenbeck whs |
t continued before Police Judge Treadwell j
yesterday afternoon. George Fisher, pro
prietor of., the lodging-house where the
' accused physician and the deceased re
! Bided at the time of the commission of the
I alleged murder, was recalled by Keel B.
' Terry for the defense. Nothing available
I for the defense Was brought out.
Charles H. Hall, the boy who at the re-:
quest of "Wacnendorf summoned Dr. Feh
i.'ii to attend Kehlenbeek, testified that
he overheard Wachendorf and Kehlen
beck discussing the advisability of re
moving to some other lodging-house just
a few days beloro the dentil of the de
• ceased. The relevancy of the testimony
was discussed by the defense and it was
! ordered stricken out.
Just before adjournment the defendant,
1 who was exhilarated by several Injections
of cocaine, stepped up to Judge Tread
! well excitedly and asked to be permitted
to bathe himself in the police quarters,
stating that he had been refused the priv
ilege. The Judge promised to take the
. request under advisement. The prelim
\ mary hearing will be continued next
i Tuesday afternoon at 1:30 o'clock.
GRAND ARMY BANQUET.
Anniversary of the Birth of General
George H. Thomas.
The anniversary <>i" the birth of General
George H. Thomas will be celebrated this
evening at the California Hotel by the
Grand Army Post which bears his name.
Post Commander E. A. Bullis will wel
come the comrades. Selden- Sturges will
respond to the toast, "'George H. Thom
as." A. D. Cutler will speak of the past,
present and future of George H. Thomas
Post. D. C Smith will picture the Yankee
of 1925. General Owen Summers will re
spond to the toast, "What I Saw in thaj
BERKLEY
PRETTY MATTIE
TYRER ELOPED
AND IS LOCATED
Two Disappearances
Are Cleared Up.
TESLA COAL MINE ROMANCE
SKIPPED WITH A MAN WHO
DESERTED A WIFE.
In the Thriving Coal Town She and
C. L. M. Wolf, a Timekeeper,
Are Known as Mr. and^
Mrs. Charles Leiter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 2S.
Pretty Mattle Tyrer, aged 19 years, who
mysteriously disappeared from her home
; on Parsons street, Golden Gate, recently,
has been located at Tesla, the thriving
little coal mining town in the eastern part
of this county, where she is known as
Mrs. Charles Letter, and thereby hangs a
tale of romance, elopement, desertion and
two broken family circles.
A clay <>r so after Miss Tyrer'S unex
pected departure her parents. Mr. and
Mrs E C. Atwood, received a hurried note
wherein their daughter briefly Informed
thejn that she had secured a good posi
tion hut was unable to state as yet just
where she would be located.
A few days previously C. L. M. Wolf.
timekeeper for the Judson Manufacturing
Company had suddenly disappeared, de
serting his wife and family, and rumors
were afloat that Mrs. Wolf intended su
ing for a divorce on the ground of cruelty.
It w;ts. moreover, known that Wolf had
been keepiag company with the fair Mat
tie and when she, too, disappeared
friends surmised that the couple had gone
to J.ns Angeles, but nothing cuuld be
learned of them th-ere.
In the meantime the young woman 8
parents had engaged the assistance of
Deputy Sheriff Striker to help locate their
daughter, and he, through A. W. Moore,
superintendent of the coal mines at Tesla,
learned to-day that the missing couple
were living there under the name of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Leiter, the former hav
ing secured employment at the mines.
The young woman when her Identity
was realized, was asked to return to her
home bur she refused. She wrote a let
ter, however, asking her parents' forgive
ness but declared that she was perfectly
contented with her fate and that Wolf
had promised to legally marry her as soon
a< the Divorce Court could sever his re
lationship to his deserted wife, who is
now living in San Francisco.
Though heartbroken over the manner in
Which his daughter has linked her fate
With Wolf, Mr. AtWOOd expresses a
father's tenderest love for his daughter.
He declares that Mat tie was led away by
the smooth tongue and glittering promises
made by the erstwhile timekeeper, and
s'sb.- has 1" en made Wolf's dupe.
•'When this man has tired of the poor
girl " said the father to-day, "she will
rind' her poor old father's arms open to
her and she will be given the shelter and
protection of her home. Had I the power
I would bring this man to justice. Her I
pity with all my heart, for Ikm she is
not to blame for what she has done. She
must not be blamed too much, for her life
lias been an unhappy one for years owing
to illness, and she was no doubt influenced
by bright promises for the future."
Mrs. Atwood is almost broken down un
der the affliction.
Will Go to Cape Jome,
ALAMBDA, July 28.— Charles M. Day, a I
West Alanioda merchant, will leave iv a
few days to seek his fortune in Alaska.
He will be accompanied by his wife. They
wil go i" Cape Nome, In which section he
has preat faith. Day was led into a fake
gold expedition in British Columbia last
year and almost starved to death before ,
hi get back to civilization.
Philippines." Hon. James B. Stetson wil!
discourse on the subject, "Expansion or
Non-Expansion?— That's the Question."
Adjutant General Seamana will speak to
the sentiment, "California the Golden
Gate." Frank J. Symmes will speak for
the army and navy. Xt tween the speeches
tht-r^ will be songs and recitations.
The banquet Is nound to he a great suc
cess. Nobody knows or cares wh(T" the
money is to come from to pay for th*> din
ner, but this lack nf knowledge will not
dim th<- luster of the anniversary.
GAS INSPECTORS REPORT.
He Explains How Money Might Be ;
Saved.
The report of Gas and Water Inspector
Tupper for the fiscal year just ended
shows that the city has paid for gas and ]
water as follows:
Pan Francisco Gas Company — Gas lamps, :
1173,214 73; gat for public buildings, $9592 32; for •
department buildings, $1447 23: electric light for
public squares and streets, $111,250 36: for pun
lic building*. 413.1",;::. 36: total paid to San Fran
cisco Gas Company, $3091440 02.
Pacific Gas Improvement Company— Gas for
public building?. 114.989 21: for (tie department.
$2047 11; total |l(,9tt. Total for all Hunting,
$326.4215 .".:..
Spring- Valley Water Company— Water for I
public buildings. 125.370 05: for parks, $10,56« 79;
for hydrants, 1214,690; total. J250.532 »*. less de
duction for overcharge $*il<i 91, $244,731 93. •
Visitaclon Water Company— water lor
hydrants, $24«.
The report ends with a .suggestion that
if the water supply were shut off from
school buildings during vacation $12:;T 80
per month could be saved and a saving of
JBSS 74 if it were slim off from public
parks and squares during the rainy sea
son. It further suggests that by abolish
ing street lights- placed too near electric
lights $l'4Hti 60 per annum, could be saved.
Took His Diamond Stud.
While mingling with tho crowd in Cor
bett'a poolroom last night "red Byrne, a
young man. frit some thief steal a dia
mond stud which adorned his shirt bosom.
Byrne started to seize -hi' fellow, when he
ran from tho place Byrne followed, and
after a short run overhauled hini. He then
held the thief until a policeman arrived
At the City Prison the thief gave ins
r.ame as "Jack" Lannan. and was rtcog
niz-'l ;i^ an experienced pickpocket. He
■was charged with grand larceny.
i,\te sHirrix; i\tki.i.h;kxk.
ARRIVED.
Frl<l»y. July 2<s.
Stmr St. Paul, Hays. 10 clays 5 houre fr»ni
St. Micbai 1.
Schr Rio Rpy, Johaaos, 3 days from t'.u
nkii.
SAII.KD.
Friday. July 28.
Ptmr Noyo, .Tjhns-on. Fort Bragg.
I" HEESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA -Arrived July '>-Bk J C Potter,!
from Honolulu.
Sailed July B SUnr Uaektoaw, for San j
Francisco.
I-okt TOWNSEND— Arrived July 2S— Br
stmr Elm Hranc-h. for Port Blakel#>y. for
Newwang. (; r bk i'rompt. from Blakeley, for
Hamburg.
Sailed July 28— Br stmr Elm Branch, for i
Taku.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived July 2S— Stmr Graf- !
waldersee, from New York
Sailed July S— 3tmr Auguste Victoria, New
Y,.rk.
(■Hi-RUuUKG- Sailed July 18— Stmr AuKUste
Victoria. Hamburg and Southampton, fur N'pw
Totk,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 28— Stair Ger
manic from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 28 — Stmr,
Italia, from I'hiladeli>hia.
MOVILUB— 6aUod July 28— Stmr Anchoria, ,
for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Baited July 2e-Stmr Heck- |
la. for New York.
DIED AT SEA.
On board ptmr St Paul, July 20— Israel Des
roslers. July 21— J. A. Fisher. Both passen
gers from Yukon River points.
, Of THE
UDAYCITItsM
TWO OFFICERS
HEAVILY FINED
FOR FIGHTING
MeCloud and Garrity
Found Guilty.
ONE CHALLENGED THE OTHER
POLICE COMMISSIONERS ACT
UNANIMOUSLY.
Both Men Are Suspended and Each
Will Contribute $100 and More
to Replenish the City
Treasury.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 23.
The investigation into the conduct of
Police Officers William McCloud and Pe
ter Garrlty was concluded before the
Board of Fire and Police Commissioners
this afternoon, and as an outgrowth of
the disgraceful fight between the two
guardians of the peace at Seventh and
Market streets on the 19th inst. both were
heavily fined and their suspension con
tinued from the present time until Au
gust L
On the occasion of the set-to it mi
claimed that McCloud had used objection
able words toward his brother officer,
Garrity, who resented them. A fierce
hand-to-hand battle followed, and finally
McCloud drew his revolver.
Neither of the men was very much the
worse for the encounter, but Chief Hods
kins promptly suspended them, leaving
their ultimate fate to the Police Commis
sioners.
At the secret session of the board to-day
Garrity, it is understood, pleaded guilty
to the charges of using vulgar language
and of conduct unbecoming an officer, but
Mit 'loud vigorously denied having used
vulgar language. He maintained that tlvj
only way in which he might have avoided
the trouble was by taking to his heels.
He moreover stoutly denied having drawn
his revolver, asserting that the weapon
fell from his pocket in the scuffle. Ha
stated that Garrity was In full uniform
at the time and challenged him to fight,
while he (McCloud) was on a vacation at
the time and was dressed in citizen's
clothes.
The Commissioners after hearing both
stories fined McCloud $100 and Garrity
$175, regarding the latter the aggressor.
The vote in the board was unanimous.
Want the Bills Paid.
OAKLAND, July 2S.— Charles E. Snook,
representing Coroner Mehrmann. will ap
pear before the Board of Supervisors this
morning- ami demand that the bills which
have been held for so many weeks pend
ing settlement be paid.
Expert Bullock has prepared an answer
to the Coroner's sensational charges, but
will not present it to the board until next
Monday.
Improvement Club Meeting.
OAKLAND. July iS.— The Twenty-third
Avenue Improvement Club m«'t last night
and passed the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the Twenty-third Ave
nue Association views with favor the
efforts of the Fire and Water Committee.
to secure for the city a new water sup
ply under municipal control, and that we
request the Councflmen from the Seventh
Ward tc favor such movement."
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, July 2s.— The wedding of
Miss Matilda Kruger of 32*1 Central ave
nue and August J. W. Born, first duty
sergeant of Company G, will be celebrated
August 9.
The public schools will open next Mon
day for the fall term. The teachers will
me°t on Saturday with Superintendent
Hughes to discuss plans for the terra
work.
DRUGGED AND
ROBBED OF HIS
HARD EARNINGS
Desperate Crime of
Two Bunko Men.
JAMES WALKER THE VICTIM
TAKEN IN A HACK TO THE MIS
SION.
Failing to Induce Him to Lose His
Money at Cards, They Placed
"Knockout" Drops in
His Liquor.
James Walker, a recent arrival from
Woodland, Yolo County, is a victim of
misguided confidence. Last Thursday
afternoon he met two well-dressed men
nn Market street, and at thoir sugges
tion they proceeded to a saloon, where
they had several drunks. A game of
cards was proposed, and after several
'hands bad been dealt, Walker became
nuspiciouß and started to leave his com
panions One uf the men followed him
and after explaining to him that he was
laboring under a grave mistake, asked
him t«> huve a drink. After partaking "f
the liquor. Walker became dizzy and re
quested the stranger to escort him to his
room in try Winchester House.
Some ume afterward Walker found
him.-elf in a hack, the driver of which
was importuning him t" pay him for his
services. Although stilt daxed from the
effects of the poisoned liquor, U'alker
managed to collect his scattered
and ordered the. Jehu to take him to
police headquarters. After arriving ther»
Walker discovered that he had been
rnhbed of hln purse, containing &2S. As
he was still Buffering from the effects of
the "knockout" drops, Lieutenant Martin
had him conveyed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where he was relieved of the drug.
Last night Walker, still suffering from
the effects of his experience, visited the
Central station and gave a good descrip
tion of the men who had robbed him.
He does not think that the hack driver
was a party to the robbery.
"After 1 left the saloon where they gavo
me the knockout drops," remarked Wal
ker, when telling his story, 'I became
dizzy and clung to the arm of my com
panion for support. That is all I remem
ber until I found myself in a hack some
where in the Mission. My purse was gone
and the driver was clamoring for his rare.
Realizing that I was the victim of a des
perate crime, I ordered the driver to take
me to police headquarters." #
To-day an effort will be made to find
the hack driver, as the police believe he
knows the men who "doped" and robbed
the man from Yolo.
Dried Peaches Shipped.
FRESNO. July 2«.— The first carload of
dried peaches to leave Fresno this season
was shipped to-day by Grifflh & Skellejr.
It is consumed to \V. H. B. Tottan & C».
of New York.
1112
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery -tre«t,
corner Clay; cren until 9:30 o'clock.
«7 Hayes street; open until 9:20 o'clock.
TO McAllister street; open until 9:80 o clock.
Rls Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
-. i- Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until I o'clock. >
iOO Eleventh street; open until 9 o clock.
1616 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tnrWv vtreet*- open until 9 o'clock.
MI.!. TIM. NOTICES.
MASTERS' Association of Call- •
fornia F. and A. M-— Monthly meeting •*
THIS. (SATURDAY) EVENING at S«V
o'clock By order of the President. /V ' ■
L, SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., •
will meet THIS ..SATURDAY) EVEN- Jt%-
ING July 29, at 7:30 o'clock. R. A. Jt^\
degri-e. By order of the H. P. / > ,
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. |
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /^J\
gree. • ** •
H. C BUNKER, Secretary Pro. Tern.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society will hold the
thirteenth annual picnic at Shell MdUnd Park,
SUNDAY, August S. Races and games of.
various - descriptions will take place, for
which valuable prizes will be given; also a
large list of K-ite prizes. A union band, piper
and fiddler will be in attendance. Adults'
tickets, 50o; children, under 12 years, free. ;
Boats leave ferry every half hour, connecting ;
with l rains for the park.
THE World's Christian Co-operative Society
(a corporation)— The annual election of di-
rectors an. l officers will be held at 568 Na-
toma St., this city, at NOON on the Ist of
August. By order
JOHN M. PORTER, Secretary-
ANNUAL MEETING regular annual
meet.: of stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office i
of the company. 3:7 Market Bt.. .San Francis- j
co. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au-
gust, 1899. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a board of directors .
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans- ,
action of such other business as may come |
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on SATURDAY. July 29, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works— The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the . Bdon Iron and Locomo- |
tive Works, for the election of trustees for the i
ensuing year and the transaction of such ,
other buMness as may be brought before the ;
meeting, will be held at the nice of the com-
pany, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
us.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th j
day of August, 1899, at 11 o'clock a. m.
' T. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. Bt., designs, audits &
adjusts ac-ounts for corporations .■■- firms, ret. |
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
11 AGUIRK & GALLAGHER— G. Ma- |
grulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
mcvel their "law offices to the Parrott build- |
!ng. £25-S*.s Market St.; tel. South 215. ;
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER. C'! 6 Market St.. room 67; advice
free: charges low: business pushed.
L. S. LARK Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance^
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason.
BICYCLES — For Sale or ExchnnKe.
F'~»R sal»— Cheap. Rambler bicycle; almost
new; at T'2l Market St. ■
BOARD AM) ROOMS.
HOTEL" FAIHMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 171t
Market st., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms, :
fSOc; special rates by month, also to tourists. ■
HOME and board In a scientist's family, in |
beautiful suburb, .within an hour's ride of :
S.in Francis A. P., 914 Sutter st.
AT 415 First st. — Nicely furnished rooms, with j
beard. $5 a week up; Swedish home: parlor. ;
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms; j
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. ?.09 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq. — Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
SUNNY home for children, near school; large
grounds: mother's care; $5 to $10 per month.
MISS WILSON. 138 West Mission, nr. 13th.
PUTTER. 112S— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden: home rooking.
BOOKS N I \\ AM) 01 D.
SCHOOL BOOKS boucht and exchanged.
Holmes Book Cc. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCE?!.
A— s3-"O; BAKERY in lively country town, close
to the city; rent $20; daily sales, $20; all cash
store trade; full value in sight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s6so; SALOON; elegantly furnished; estab- :
l.shed many years and doing an average
business of $15 per day; card rooms; cash
refrister; safe: fine oil paintings; located
close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; lease. Call
!R. G. WILKIE. 906 Market st.
EATH of owner cause of great sacrifice, sa-
loon with mercantile lunch, established years.
rent low. clearing above $150 per month; lease;
close to Palare Hotel. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, SO6 Mar* st.
;r>— Saloon; best location on city front: sell-
ing 01 account of sickness. R. G. WILKIE
&. CO.. 906 Market St.. room 7 and 8.
A— sllo0 — CHOP house and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established years; clearing
above 5:."' per month; only cause of sale dis-
agreement of partners. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— THE best-paying and for years established
corner grocery and bar In the Mission; low
rent; must be - Id at once; on account of
family trouble th<_- place is turned over to a
wholesale liquor house; Investigate and make
your offer. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market, j
.A— s4so; DRY goods, notions and fancy store,
with living rooms; rent $14; good paying;
ttcck worth the money; owner to leave. R.
(i WILKE, 906 Market st.
$l."0 — COFFEE saloon near Wells-Fargo'a new
building: old established; must be sold to-day;
sickness cause of sale. M LESS & CO., 765
■ Market -•
$700 — LODGING house, 14 rooms; well furnished;
excellent location: steady roomers; Al tran-
sient 'rade; investigate. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
$400— FIRST-CLASS restaurant with six living
rooms: excellent location; well-established;
receipts $1", lay; must be sold; rare bargain;
inves-tigate. M. LICPS & CO., 765 Market St.
♦;. : ,0— RESTAURANT and oyster hoii««<; pros-
perous town of State; value In sight; good
business: practically without competition;
bargain. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market st.
jr.Ort— PARTNER wanted In mfg. bus : Gov
trade.7 McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777^ Market.
$175— RESTAURANT: bargain on account of
sickness. McLAUGHLIN ft CO., 777' i Mrkt.
{JM PARTNER wanted in manufacturing busi-
ness. See McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777H Mar-
ket St. - ;., V; ■_.
$ir,oo— BLACKSMITH and wagon shop, prosperl
ous country town near city; owner has had
business 20 years; retires on account of old
age. Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market st.
$350— CORNER cigar stand; business street;
splendid location; departure cause of sale
Mclaughlin & <■'>.. 77714 Market st.
FINE candy store for exchange. What have
you to offer? COWING & CO., 995 Market.
HOOD paying restaurant: centrally located;
great sacrifice. COWING & CO.. J35 Market.
CIGAR store, best bargain In this city, to-
day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market St."
24 ACRES of fruit land: will sell or exchange
for good business. COWING & CO.. 995 Mrkt.
FINE saloon on corner near Market st.; bargain
this day. COWING & »;0., 995 Market St.
?3. r 0 WILL buy, a roadside house, with lease of
large lot; rent, $10 a month; 10 rooms, with
>table, sheds, chicken and pigeon bouse: car-
riage FUeds; 45 minutes' from Kearny st
Particulars W. WAIN WRIGHT. 126 O'Farrell.
$!. r o— RESTAURA::T: rent $40; receipts $33.
$200 — Chophouse; rent $35; receipta $30.
W. B. DENNISON. 783% Market st.
TO «ell or exchange — Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 783 V/ Market st.
■ ONE-HALF Interest In a paying manufactur-
ing ■business; goods sold to dealers; large
profits : active, single man preferred: capital
necessary, $500. Apply Pacific Coast Ex-
change, rooms 2-3. 100715 Market st., nr. 6th.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney.
Buy, Fell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 835
Market st.
1 HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
raloons,^ bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc. : sold and exchanged,
''all and see my list. EITEL. lOOS' 4 Market.
A FIRST-CLASS candy store, ice cream par-
lor and factory: fine location: principal
street; must be sold. JONES & CO.. 865 Mkt.
J3'iO— PARTNER wanted: mechanical business;
old established; $30 a week clear; trial given.
9 Geary st., room 2.
ADVERTISING physician, thoroughly experi-
enced, with money, seeks business in city.
Address box 1471, Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
PARTNER wanted— By old Alaskan prospector
and miner; must have $400 cash to go to
Halnes Mission. Alaska, at once and work
claims in Porcupine mining district. H. P.
ELLIS, The Navarre, corner Geary and Ma-
eon sts., room 41.
ART saloon for sale: not a gold brick (McP. &
Son); a genuine IS-carrott; wyse guy don t
come, you'll get frozen antlers; $3500 will buy
it. The Art Saloon.
SALOON— WiII sell at a sacrifice, the old
stand Harmony Hall. cor. Post and Kearny ,
fits.; cause sickness. __ |
THE best located oyster and lunch house, busi- j
ness night and day. will be sold on install-
ments. Particulars 126 O'Farrell st.
BRANCH bakery, groceries, etc., for sale.
S05&; Filbert St.; $130.
CIGAR store; cheap; must be sold by Monday.
33S Hush Bt,
$150— PARTNER wanted In light and profitable
: cash business; clears $60 per month to each.
632 Market St.. room 6. '
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and |
pork-packing business for -ale In one of the |
best towns north of San Francisco. For par- :
ticulars Inquire at this office. I
$150— SHOE shop; pays well; low rent: good
prices; must be sold; make offer. 332 Bush st.
, $75 WILL buy a lurch wagon paying $100
| monthly; old stand. Bos 1555, Call.
MILK route, horse and wagon for sale: good
business for new beginner. Inquire at IM.t
Howard St.. upstairs.
MINER with some capital would like to have
position and interest in placer or quartz mine.
Box 928, Call office.
$176 BRANCH bakery, notions, candy and deli-
cacies; 3 living rooms; rent $12. Apply Call.
BUTCHER shop; complete outfit; good chance
for right man. 1185 Folßom st.
WANTED- rent small country hotel or sa-
loon In country town. S. 0.. box 3SO, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
Apply.wT Montgomery st.
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pi nt, city: own wishing to retire from the j
retail business: a good chance for one or two j
persons with a moderate capital. For fur- I
ther information Inquire at LENORMAND
BROS.. SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
; -MAT. I. produce, pork and delicacy store;
good location. Inquire at 106 Eleventh St..
Call branch office.
$200 SALOON for sale, corner East and Green-
wich rent $20; owner has two places, Call
230 Pacific st.
i SALOON with good business In good location.
NABER, ALF9 & BRUNE, 323 Market st.
$2'"'. SALOON with good business. 636 Third St. I
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; largo cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 209 Second.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders: 14
rms.. all occupied: bargain. A.C.box 71. Call.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250: splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. C* SWELL & CO 'S. 4ir. Sacramento -< .
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
! etc.. cheap. EUAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. I
| CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work i
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
I beating Works. 353-357 Teh;, st.; tel. S. 4').
VANCE Carpel Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter s-t. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4"3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
! STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. SOS Golden '
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.: tel. Mint 546. i
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Work?. 333 Golden
i Gate aye.: tel. East 12«.
CLtAMNG COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and '
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear si.
CL V V ANTS.
! MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader: also medical clairvoyant: treats'
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send I
I stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet. j
Post and Geary; sittings, $1 ; diagnosis free, j
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and ;
I card reader; born with double veil and second .
sight: diagnosis disease; full life readings; j
ladies, 50c: gents, $1; sittings, $1 50. 126 Turk. ;
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Profes-.
f=or Haley; tells your life from cradle to
grave; 60c, $1 up. 106 Taylor St., parlors 3-5.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
! cards; satisfaction guar.: 25c. 1"22 Mission.
! MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 2X Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 2. r >c. 14$ Sixth st., room 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission Ft., clairvoyant, -
j card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c. j
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c ladies only. I
! 543 Natoma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
i YOUR future told by cards; lady or gent, 25c. j
Lady Barbers, 959 A Howard st.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and I
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, 120 A Eddy St.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
I advice; names given; 25c up. ■" Fourth Ft.
I MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- :
; band's picture. 2. r .c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st. :
■ ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
FLORENCE, 9, bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jones sts.— Cottage, '■ rooms, $10.
O'FARRELL, 506 and 608, near Jones— Cottages
of 5 and 6 rooms; $22 50. .■ . y .
: CORNER- bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas; '
cottage of 6 rooms. 1*76 I6th st., nr. Dolores.
I FOUR rooms; bath; stationary tubs; basement;
yard; rent $10 50. Apply 1225V4 Treat aye.
COTTAGE of ?, rooms, large yard; water free;
rent $8. 19 Crocker, rir. Twelfth and Market.
TURK. 1562— Cottage, 4-room; also 3-room rear
cottage; large stable, wagon shed; reasonable.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
. Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold ■
filling, from $1: oilier fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from !
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work ,
i per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of -" per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
; ' new flesh-colored pi.it : thinner and stronger i
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill- I
ings, 50c; ' crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work pain-less and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth it.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 309 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
1 $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of- ;
I fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to -
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
van VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
! MEYER, 8 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt;. crown
. and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
. OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. Eoc up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. II G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk Ft.
EDUCATIONAL.
i j HEALO'S Business College, 24 ~~Post~"sT San
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice
I shorthand. typing, languages, telegraphy,'
| English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory
practice, design, construction, mechanical
i drawing: 25 teachers: individual instruction
200 graduates annually placed In positions
students can enter for any course any time'
no entrance examinations; new IsO-page cata-
log free.
■ HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric Dhy-
eical culture, Delsarte. vocal music, piano
I violin, Journalism, practical acting, stam- :
mering corrected; 15 Instructors; degrees con- i
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec- !
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' hldg.. 8. F.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
lness College. 305 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
. LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 29,. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL*
THE Lyceum, 'an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses In all English branches languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;,
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. ' Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc.. life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
A— HOPF"S Singing. Piano School; summer
rates »4: French, Spanish daily. Merc. Li-
brary. 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
M G BARRETT, a leading court and general
* reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
'Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day.
en . San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ire mech survey, assay, archl.: day and eve.;
,m' 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic grammar, writing;
i day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter: piano, violin, clari-
net. cornet. English and German. 50c lesson.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. OEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 58.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. CM-
,,, tf 42F Powell, nr. Sutter: tel Black IS2I.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
I COOK superior and first class In all kinds of
i king, also a servant for housework with 16
-.ears' reference In one family wish situations.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
COMPETENT German cook desires situation;
good cook and housekeeper; 2>4 years last
place; city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325
Putter. ..
REFINED young lady, good seamstress, de-
sire? to be companion or maid to lady or care
for Invalid: no objection to travel; references.
Box 1473, Call office.
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged lady would like
to be with elderly couple and assist in light
duties, for good quiet home: wages no object.
Address box 1474, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work, either by the day
or at home; $1 per day. Call or address 218
Grove st. ■
RESPECTABLE, competent young lady wishes
a situation for light housework, cooking, etc.;
sleep at home. Address box 1469, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission st., room 1.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
nurse; willing to work. 3659 Eighteenth st.
WOMAN with a small child wishes work; good
cook. Apply 1139 Howard at. U'
YOUNG woman would like position a« work-
ing housekeeper; no objection to country.
Box 1694, Call office. _______
COLORED woman from the East wishes situ-
ation to do general housework. Box 1553. Call.
YOUNG lady from country wishes situation,
chambermaid or chamber work and waiting.
Address room 624. Winchester Hotel.
i MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion during day. 1061 Howard st.
BY strong young woman as wording house-
keeper; city or" country. 15 Powell, room 5.
WANTED— Cars of Infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to *6
week: convenient and resDectable: free bu»
i and baggage to and from ferry
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male.
PROF WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211. 315 Stoc on St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4144 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
WANTED— An experienced and reliable retail-
er wants position as manager of general store
In county seat or good country town in Cen-
tral California— where a strict cash trade can
be built up and an interest in business ac-
quired; nominal salary and percentage of
profits; references. Address 104 Lincoln St.,
Santa Cruz, Cal. .
COACHMAN— neat and quick worker, first-
class horseman and thoroughly understands
the business: best of city references. Box
<i 2'>. Call office.
| MIDDLE-AGED Englishman wants work on
farm or orchard, or as handy man about
place. Address FARMER. 764 Mission •at.^S
PAPERHANGER, first-class references, paint-
er timer, whltener, wants work: boss, hotel
or landlord. ANTOINE, 225 Fourth Ft.
I ENGINE driver and blacksmith wants posl-
! tlon: city or country. Address care H. M. F.,
142 Eighth st
| INTELLIGENT young man wants position as
' bartender or porter: references Box 1465. Call.
j WANTED— A position as mining engineer;
| references. Box 1476. Call.
I GENTLEMAN of 30 years wishes a position as
! general houseworker; speaks French and
English; give references: city or country-
Call at 403 Broadway.
STEADY, reliable, all-around man, under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc..
handy with tools; city or country. Address
box 1552, Call.
GERMAN bartender. 3 years' experience, 21
years old. reference, wants steady situation;
city or country. Address H. 8.. box 1554, Call.
PAINTER paperhanger and decorator, first-
class all-around mechanic, wants work; city
or country. Painter. 1971 rage *t.
YOUNG man that was slightly disabled during
the recent war and was a volunteer of the
First California, would like a position as
night watchman or some light work. Apply
45 Clementina st.
I BY a temperate and reliable Englishman as
coachman with nice family or a driver for
doctor and office; has Al recommendations;
city or country. Address box 1540. Cull.
GROCERY clerk wants position: best refer-
ences; city or Oakland. L. R-. HO', San Jose
avenue.
-^— — — —^— ■ — —
exchange.
ALL FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
50 houses and lots, from $500 to $20,000
30 in Oakl'd Alameda. Berkeley: $60 to. 50.000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0.... 10,000
45 hotels rooming, boarding houses: $200 6,000
74 stores saloon, business places; $100 to 4,000
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINDS OF
PROPERTY — WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market
St.. opposite Fifth.
WANTED to lease— A house of IS or 20 rooms
for 6 years; rent to be paid in exchange for
improved ranch. Call or address 822 Howard.
$5000— STOCK of millinery; doing fine business;
must sell or exchange for real estate. J. H.
EPSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO. j
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
clans, J o7 l ' Market St., San Francisco. Cal.;
Classes fitted by mall.
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat, 4 large sunny
rooms, bath, yard, newly papered. 714
Franklin St.. near Golden Gate aye.
1 A NICE sunny upper flat, 5 rooms, bath. 30
I Moss St.. nr. 7th; key cor. Howard and Moss.
; FLAT hunting made easy . with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FULTON, 146 — Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
LOWER part of house to-let, 4 looms and bath.
Apply 513 Shotwell st.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath. 119 A Wil-
liams St.. near Post, bet. Taylor and Jones.
NEW flat of 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
rent cheap. 349 Liberty st.
SINGLE lady wants to rent part of an unfur-
nished flat to small family. 4059 Nineteenth.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms, rent reasonable. Ad-
dress 3014H Twenty-sixth St., near Florida.
THIRD, 417'j,— 2 front suites; modern improve-
ments; S rms.; hot, cold water; bath; sunny.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3239. bet. Mission and Va-
lencia-Sunny lower flat; garden, cellar;
rent $19 50.
TWO new flats. 5-6 rooms; fine view and gar-
den. 1014 Thirteenth St.. near Scott.
TWO nice unfurnished flats; 4 rooms each;
water free; $10 and $11. Apply 12118 Bush st.
UPPER Hat. 5 nice airy rooms; rent reasona-
ble. 1176 Harrison st., bet. 7th and Bth.
UPPER flat of 4 sunny rooms. Apply 59 Zoe
st., between Bryant and Brannan. '
$9 — LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms. . 27 Pearl St..
off Market, near Eleventh.
3, 4. 5 AND fi rooms, bath and yard; rents $8,
$10, $15, $20. $25. Apply .1. S. HURRY, 9 »th St.
$9—1123 Vallejo St., flat, 4 rms., yard; 1127 Broad -
way, upper, flat, 5 rms., bath, $16; reduced.
$14— SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms, bath and yard.
12 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth.
$12 50— NICE bay view, sunny upper flat, 4
rooms and bath and basement; 113 Cherry.
Apply lower flat or 127 Golden Gate aye.
$11— SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
I off Taylor, between Post and Geary sts.
2 NEW sunny modern flats. 4 and 6 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes st., $14, and 965 Golden
Gate aye.. $21. i
$12 50— UPPER flat; 5 rooms, bath, cellar. 1417
Pacific St., . near Hyde-st. cable. - .
FLATS TO LET Furnished.
GROVE. bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unfurnished flat. 6 rooms,
piano, garden, stable If desired: references.
FIKJiITIK.. FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of flat; 3 rooms for light house-
keeping; cheap. Call after 3 p. m., 317',-i Te-
hama st. •
FURNITURE of newly furnished flat of 6
rooms; cheap; account sickness. 921Vj Mission.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid ana lined.
60c. Eastern Outlining Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED FemaIe.
WANTED— German working housekeeper for
nice family in Oakland, $25 per month; Ger-
man or. Scandinavian laundress, short dis-
tance. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter St.
WANTED German cook. $30; 2 laundresses for
Institutions, $20 and $25; French nurse, $20; 2
Protestant second girls, $20; German second
girl, $20; German nurse, $25; 4 waitresses for
restaurants, 35 and $6 a week; 2 waitresses
for boarding-houses, $20; ironers, $1 25 a day;
40 German Scandinavian and neat Irish girls
for cooking and housework, $20 and $25; cook
for boarding-house, $25; kitchen girl. $20: 15
young girls. $12 and $15. Apply to J. F. .CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter St. __
WANTED— to-day, Scandinavian laun- I
dress, $30. for family of 2. a short distance in
the country, see lady this forenoon; 3 Ironers
for country laundry, $25; chambermaid, assist
■ washing, country hotel. $2'}; cook for country.
$30; girls for American family housework In
Alamoda $25. Menlo Park $25. Redwood City
$20. San Jose $25; waitress for springs. $20;
waitress country hotel. $20. Apply to J. F. |
CROSETT & CO.. 316 gutter st. _____
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
Waitresses for Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove,
Heald.sburg. Fresno, Hanford, Woodland, Ne-
vada City, Mill Valley, Ross Valley. San Ra-
fael and city, $20 and $25, 4 chambermaids to !
wait. $20; 2 chambermaids, $20, 3 fancy iron-
ers, $1 60 day, steady place.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Cook and second girl. $50; family cook. Ala-
meda $25, see lady; girls for cooking and gen-
eral housework city and country, $15 to $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl across the bay; $25 per month.
MISS CUIX.EN, 325 Sutter St.
A COOK, resort, (80 per month; country. MISS
CULLEN, 32a Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS French nurse, country, $20
per month; see lady here. MISS D. CUL-
LEN, 225 Sutter St. '
MIDDLE-AGED woman to cook on ranch,
short distance In the country; $20. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st^
WAITRESS, small hotel, $15 and room; also 2
"for restaurant, $5 per week each; houseglrls,
$20, $15. $12; ironer for laundry, and plenty
of other places for those who really want
work. NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 751
Market st. Phone Black 3911.
THREE ! bright l young ladies living with
parents: good salary when competent; only ■,
girls with good references need apply. 7 to
S a. m. and 5 to 6 p. m. only, Saturday. DR.
E. E. McLEAN. room 213. Call building.
WANTED- Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. < CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
STRONG young girl, general housework, plain
cooking; no washing; family of three. Call
after 2 p. m. IMS Hayes st.
WANTED— Competent children's nurse; good
references required; German preferred. Box
1695. Call office. ■ -
LADY, age 20 year-. below five feet, to Join
lad) amateur; give description of personal
appearance, etc Box 1475. Call.
GERMAN woman; cook and assist housework.
316 lowa st.
WANTED— Lady ironers. .ELECTRIC LAUN-
DRY CO.. 837 Folsom st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1505
Kentucky St. _^^^
YOUNG lady for stationery store, with refer-
ences. 3997 Eighteenth st., bet. 9 and 10 a. m.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and -Taylor sts.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co.. corner Seventh
and Berry sts.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. Call- j
fornia Canneries Co.. Ltd.. Brannan St.. bet.
Third and Fourth.
__z
EXPERIENCED manners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan st.. between Third and Fourth.
WANTED — family cook; German girl;
wages $25 per month. Apply between 10 and
12 o'clock at 1310 Jones st., between Clay
and Washington.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 3tHj Fremont
st.; take elevator.
WANTED— A competent Protestant girl for
general housework. Apply 154S Fulton St..
near Bnker .
WANTED- Herman girl for general housework.
IMS Sutter Pt. '
WOMAN for light housework and care of baby.
4133 Eighteenth st., above Castro.
200 MORE Be wins machine operators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory. 32'^ Fremont St. '■,
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye. •
HELP WANTED — Male.
NO OFFICE FEE.
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD.
FREE FARE.
11 75 AND $2 60 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
-—
NO OFFICE FEE.
FREE FARE.
50 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road " $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
$30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
board $4 50 a week. '
C R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st ."
AN experienced machine dishwasher, $30 and
found, for a country hotel; free fare, strong
man to learn to run a dishwashing machine;
dishwasher, country hotel, free fare. $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $85.
fares advanced; second cook for a lunch
house. $45; 3 cooks. $10 a week; cook, chop
house, $S a week; camp cook, $50; kitchen
help for hotels and restaurants, $20 to $30.
Restaurant steward, $50: waiter, country
restaurant. $30 and room: night waiter, coun-
try restaurant, $30 and room.
Ironer. Tyler machine, $40 and found.
Janam-se bedmaker for a springs, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, $60; third cook, $40. for an
ocean steamer. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
I Geary st.
! EXPERIENCED, neat elevator boy for a ho-
tel, $15 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BUGGY washer, $50; blacksmith, country shop.
$45; machinist, country, $2 50 a day: assistant
gardener, hotel, $20 and found.; men to lay
dry stone, $2 a day, city. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St. _
2 STONE masons, RR. work; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN A. CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Man to work In retail produce
store In city, partly night work; $20 per
month board and lodging. W. D. EWER _
CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED- W. D. EWER & CO.'S EM-
PLOYMENT OFFICE, 500 men for good posi-
tions too numerous to advertise, at good
wages.
Remember we guarantee every position and
will refund office fees and fare both ways
to anybody not offered work where we send
them. No other office in S. F. gives this as-
surance. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
TWO cooks, $35 each; dishwasher, $15 and
room; stonecutter, $4 day; lroner for laun-
dry; waiter, $6 week, and a list of other good
places for all those who want work. Call
to-day, NEW EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 751
Market st. ; phone Black 3911.
MAN and wife as gardener and cook, $40 to $45
per month, country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. • .
PORTER, $20; dishwasher, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 26 Montgomery St., room 12.
BOY wanted; residing with parents; 15- to 17
years old. Apply after 9 a. m. at HAR-
SH ALL'S, 12 Kearny st.
WANTED— First-class cutter on ladles' tailor-
made suits; must have references. Call at
k M. ROTHSCHILD, 334 Post st. r ;.,
HELP WANTED
............WE PAY TOUR FARE ............
TO 29 MILLS AND MILLS IN CALI-
FORNIA
184 LABORERS. NO EXPERIENCE RE-
QUIRED
ANYBODY WILL SUIT YOU WILL....
Wages $26 to $40 and found and fare paid.
Call to-day and secure a job.
MURRAY & READY,
«34-636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT FROM 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE TO THE RAILROADS FREE
We are daily shipping laborers, ■teamsters,
tunnelmen. headermen. drillers, etc., to all
the railroads throughout the State.
FOR CITY MANUFACTURING C 0....,
10 common laborers, no experience
$26 and found
25 pick and shovel laborers, city work... $52
IS laboring men to shovel sand and gravel,
near city $2 day
TO THE GREAT MINES
gold, quicksilver, copper and coal mines, one
carload common laboring men for shoveling,
wheeling, etc.; no experience necessary, any j
willing laboring men can do this work 1
$40 tos6o and found )
miners $3 day
FOR A LARGE COMPANY
20 two and four horse teamsters $52
25 two and four horse teamsters. Alameda Co.
teamsters, city work $26 and found
RANCH HANDS MILKERS
30 ranch, orchard and vineyard bands, $20,
$25 and $30 and found; hay balers; 3 milkers,
same dairy, near city. $30 and found; 10
ranch teamsters, $26 and $30 and found.
BUTTER MAKERS AND MILKERS....
CHOREMEN
Catholic choreman for institution. $2" and '
found; stablemen and buggy washers. $30 and
$35 and found; 3 ranch butchers. $30 and $35
and found; chore boys and boys to learn
trades.
BLACKSMITHS CARPENTERS
Experienced brick wheelers, country
Camp blacksmith $60
Blacksmith helper $2 day
Blacksmiths, city and country shops and
ranches. $3 and $2 day. $40 and $45 and found..
Bridge Carpenters ....$1 75 a day and found
Woodmen, mill hands, screw turners, crosscut
sawyers, etc., $40 to $75; active young man.
no experience necessary, as carriage setter
for sawmill. $30 and found; gardener, private
family
Farmers and wives, $40 and $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
HOTEL HELP RESTAURANT HELP
Washer, small laundry. $30 to $35 and found:
cooks, city and country hotels, $40 to $60 and
found
Ranch cooks $25 and $30 and found
Baker's helpers, $30 and $20 and found; head
waiter, country hotel, $30 and found: waiters,
resorts and country hotels. $30 and $25 and
found; dishwashers. $30. ' $25. $20 and $15 and
found; hoy for bakery. $15 and found; porters.
$15 to $20 and found; pantrymen
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED- Jobbing blacksmith and horseshoer,
$40 and board; blacksmith's helper, $1 50 day
and board; driver for milk wagon, $25 and
found; farmers, $25 and $1 25 day; butter and
C heese maker, $40 and found; farmer and wife, )
$40 and found: 6 miners, $2 50 day and $40 and
found; 75 laborers for mills, timber yards,
mines %nd quarries. $1 75 to $2 75 a day. and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED — Gardener and wife for gentle-
man's country place, $65 and found, see boss
here; assistant gardener, $20 and found; cooks,
waiters, dishwashers, porters and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED First-class butler for country, $40
and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Live man. take Interest In business
and charge of branch office,; good salary.
KELLETT. 1309 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— Piano player; wage? $30 month and
found. Apply DICK GRAY, 421 Pennsyl-
vania st.. Vallejo, Cal.
BARBER wanted for Saturday; good wages.
131 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 519 Kearny St.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; if
suitable stay. 1073 Market st.
BARBER wanted. 1181% Howard st
WANTED— Shoe cutter and fitter: work for
wages or as partner. Box 4*35. Call office.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing. We up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st,
GOOD restaurant cook. 313 Farrell st.
WANTED— Reliable 6-horse teamster. Apply
351 Third st.
WANTED— Cook. 513 1 * .Tones St.; call early.
BOOTBLACK for Saturday and Sunday. 108
Fourth st • ■
FIRST-CLASS middle-aged dishwasher. 25
Taylor St.; call 8 to 12.
WANTED— Plumbers to go out In country.
Call at Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson's, cor. of
i Market and Beale. '
BARBERS— For sale, two-chair 15c shop. Ap-
ply at agency. 104 Seventh st.
EDGE trimmers and edge, setters at 119 Pine
St. WENT WORTH SHOE CO.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chalr barber shop for sale
cheap. Box 1003. Call office. Oakland.
GOOD advertising solicitor for Al publication;
liberal terms. Box: 1541, Call.
WOMAN wants man partner. Third Street
Employment Office, 78 Third st.
MEN wanted— Laborers, dnllmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to So-
nora free. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Orange Syrup rv. San Francisco, Cal.
600 MEN— Call to-day: get a pair at shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50: new shoes.
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; ope-> 6 a. m. to \i p. m.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly mads
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art: call or write for free,
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.. near Kearny.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2 TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
TAKE care of your shoes or they, will not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting. 35c to
ROc. 662 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sts.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
BAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN ran learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.; free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138^ Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. lßc. 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 60 week. Elcho House. 868 M Market st.
TRY Acme House, 937 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third -t.. near Mar-
ket: 7 0 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
HORSES— Does anybody want horses IS hands
high and 2 feet across the back? Attend the
auction Thursday. August 3,- 11 a. m., at
CHASE & MENDENHALL'S, cor. Van Ness
aye. and Market st. W. P. McCORD.
40 HORSES for sale; _lso wagons, buggies.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
. 327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .-:■-:
POULTRY, game, fancy pigeons for sale; fine
English pouters and fantalls. Stalls 9 and 10,
Grand Western Market; loft. 3933 Army st.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Killip & Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
WANTED— A good horse, weight about 1200
pounds. 1737 Seventh St., West Oakland,
plumbing shop.
1 CAR small mules, 1 car large mules, at the
Canty Ranch. Grayson. Cal. w
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DA_-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. «05 Golden Gat*.
HOUSES— -LODGING— For Sale. ; •':
H C. DECKER. 1020. MARKET. OPP. FIFTH.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE BROKER.
FOR OVER 23 YEARS IN THIS CITY.
12-room house: large yard; downtown..... $400
18 rooms;.clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
E4-room house; clears $300 1600
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St.; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner); 15 bay-window rooms: all
rented: bargain; easy payments. DECKER,
■ 1020 Market st. ■■_
5*4- ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
Bee it. DECKER, 1020 Market st. • •-,* •• \\ i
HOI — LODGING — For Sale.
PARTIES' wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE. 3 Eddy St.; new buyers dally.
$325— 20- ROOM house; good location; all rented:
rent $50. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
1300 SNAP— "4-room house; all rented; F near
Market st.; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale-The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel. 60 rooms, situated In the cente'
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box »i.
Tracy, Cal. ' ____
tTEO— HOUSE 17 rms.. nicely fshd.. nr. Mkt.. all
filled: estate. T. J. KKI-LEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the f printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery jst. __•
CORNER house 6 rooms, bath: marine view;
9 inter?:" dVccfratlons; $30. 2333 Leavenworth.
SPLENDID house; fine condition; 7 rooms; low
; rent. 3386 Twenty-first st. : key next door.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished S-room
house to suit tenant. 2533 Mission St. .
ROOM house. 532 Treat aye.. near
Twenty-gecond st. _________
HOUSES TO LET Fnrnl_ili«'<l.
HOUSE Of 10 rooma, and In rge grounds: hand-
■ somely furnished; at present occupied by a
family desirous of giving up housekeeping,
offers' furniture for sale very reasonable: .rent
moderate: excellent opportunity for family
looking for complete home. Box 056, ''all.
LOST A.NO I'OUMJ.
LOST— A morocco pocketbook containing photo-
graph of wife a.nd son. also house, death cer-
tificate and lodge hooks and _£»£«_•__£? £•
inform owner, THOMAS A. W_EARTY. 312
Cortland aye.. city, and receive reward.
LOST Gentleman's Elgin boW watch with
fob: owners name engraved inside back cov-
er: liberal reward. Return 1709 Howard.
JULY 28— White bulldog, black spot on ear:
chain license and collar; reward; 117 Taylor.
SATURDAY last, small photo; great value to
the owner. Finder will address PROF. M.
B. ANDERSON, Stanford University, and
receive reward. ________
. MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
<?ase before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5: no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
ft. bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
only.
■ A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home th«
! tame da>; no instruments used; cure at office.
$5; home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post st.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
i ALL ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
-, avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home.
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free ;confl-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market st.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients: comfort and privacy. !
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.. between
Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician; never falls to
cure, consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free; call or write. 1023% Market st. \'v: v
' IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician: no
matter how long standing: travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
' free; ladies' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi- |
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
nd 7 to 9 p. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments: consultation free, confidential:
home treatment, $5. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 2i:.»_ Mason St.—
: Private home In confinement; ladies' friend
in trouble; terms reas.: call and be convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
A nice private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price in the city: Infanta adopted.
MRS. II PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st. — Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
MRS. A< 'if >i:r>. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In irn"---nt 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
DR «■ \., HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
en< ' -h.^ human body. 115 Mason st. ,
.MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
■ INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st., abov.e Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission St.
FINE suit. $9 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery.
A CATHOLIC book store for sale; exchange for
property. Box 1557, Call office. |
BOILERS, engines, lathes and planers for
iron; wood planers. 12 In. and 24 In.; hydrau-
lic pump: 2d. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
THOROUGHBRED fox terrier pups. Inquire 26
Vandewater st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought, sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
CAMERAS, and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
2 NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plated
and other wooden: cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
I GASOLINE engines— l h p. $100, 2 h. p. $125; 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
A — s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar price hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS 'WANTS.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
! WANTED — Second-hand top buggy; good con-
dition; state price. ■ H. S.. box 1550. Call.
! *~~~" ~~~~~" ~ — — "~~* — — — — — ■ -—— -»
! MONEY TO LOAN.
i LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, .without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAX, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone South 14. .
ANY amount at 6/4 per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
' HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
-1 tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos, no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
OX city " and country property, chattel mort-
gages, estates, rents, etc. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st.
i CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
. AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
l etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312 Examiner building.
' $50 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
[ any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos,, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. «MURPHY. 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
■ 16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, ii per year.
MONEY WANTED.
GOOD~personal security and interest for loan
of $1000. KELLETT, 1309 Broadway, Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for {5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for W. « an ■.
te per mont_. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Suttor
Ms., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
we"t of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ■
a M'MMER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
a DECKER & SOX is the piano for you to
buy; beautiful new style at MAUVAIS'. 769
Market st.
FIXE Arlon piano, full, rich tone, from stor-
age warerooms, sacrificed this week for $90.
Room 21. Flood building. 4th and Market sts.
WANTED Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post st.
VERY fine Weber for Eale cheap; uprights lees
than $100. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
j~a BARGAIN - Stelnway upright cheap.
! RCHMITZ. IS McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sBs- UPRIGHT piano in line condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright: also the famous -
Hornung Bros.' piprros. 216 McAllister st.
' A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
I rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. '
W. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
' SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wanrer. for maMlne *1 pei^year^
OFFICES AND STORES — To Let.
ASHTON _ GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$60—105 Taylor st.
$50— 455 Valencia st., corner Sixteenth.
$35—859 Mission St., near Fifth.
$20- Montgomery aye.
■ $22 50— S3* Howard St., near Fifth.
$17—256 First st.
$20—354 Fourth st.
$25—1119 Harrison St., corner Langton.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market St.
Offices 512 50 to $20. •■•■'■- ■■''-.
Light, heat, janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON' * GARDINER. Room 210.
GROCERY corner. 217 Ninth St.: 4 living rooms,
stable; 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap-
ply owner. KELLY. 437 Parrott building.
NICELY furnished front suites suitable for
doctor or dentist. $20 to $35. 121 Powell st.
CIGAR store to let. 1342 Market st., opposite
Odd Fellows' building.
$11— STORE fixtures: 3 living rooms; dressmak-
ing and stationery. 1008 Xatoma St.. nr. 11— ■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
1* pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FALMIS T R Y.
MME. NEEROAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main 616 Geary st.. above Jones;, classes:
offlp*- hours. 1 to 8 p. m. : reading by mall. M.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— For partner, man understanding
! manufacturing of ladies' wear, such as skirts,
waists, etc., to go in partnership with man
furnishing capital; only first-class artists
need apply; reference required. Address box
1697, Call office.
WANTED— A steady man with a few hundred
dollars in contracting and jobbing business;
splendid opportunity for right man. Box
1551. Call.
PERSONALS.
YOUNG man of means would like to form ac-
quaintance of young lady; object matrimony.
865^ Market st . room 25. ____________
MUSIC lessons exchanged for thorough knowl-
edge cf English language. Box 1472. Call.
WANTED- boarders on ranch, near city;
10 minutes' walk from station; good hunting.
MRS. J. JACOBS. San Carlos. % j
JOHN L BOOXE. Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law, " and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
! ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 75:
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA. Just the tonic the
hair neeris to strengthen it; 35c bot.; Lederer s
Foamo Shampoo, 5c package. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER dresses the hair in the most artis-
tic manner for 25c; this week has a sale of
beautiful combs and hair ornaments, prices
half: switches $1. 123 Stockton St.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
rrom O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st.
i T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye. ;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. - r :\.
! ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
$?5c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 rer week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOPHI TANI. 313 Sutter st.
t $1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
■ LIFE Insurance policies bought ior cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel.
LADIES — The Equipoise waist has no equal;
Ypsilanti underwear. OBER'S. 34 Geary st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine. ab. Krny.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
told: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy i tailments. L.
LEMOS. 1 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
102 m Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PSYCHOMETRY-
HENRY HARRISON BROWN, psychometrist ;
reads character; gives advice from spirit sida
I of life; heals by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REAL ESTATE CITY — For Sale.
$1550 ONLY; reduced price; cheap corner; must
be sold immediately.
Reduced from $1650 to $1550; ready to build
on; southwest corner Webster and Filbert
sts. ; 25x100.
THOMAS MAGEE & SON'S.
5 Montgomery st.
WK have the residence; you have $2400; we
want it. GEORGE W. CHAPIN, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
$325— LARGE lot. 44:6x103:6. nr. Sunnyside;~l
block from two car lines: positive bargain;
no humbug. Owner, 21 Powell, rooms 1 and 2.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencia-st. lots; any size; $135 per front
foot; fronting on 2 streets.
Twenty-third st.. corner San Jose aye., with
Improvements, $5500.
Second and Silver- sts.; corner, with improve-
ments. $6700. _^
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.—
Valencia st., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-
third; lots any size; double frontage.
LEVEL building lots, snaps for cash, Buchanan
st., $1000; Pixley st., $650; Greenwich St.. 1900;
or half cash, balance $10 per month; title per-
fect. 846 Market st.
$5000— New house of 12 rooms, now rented for
$40 per month. 224 Dore St. Apply DANIEL
FOLFY, 5 Brady st.
SMALL chicken ranch; good location; furnished
house, and lot; well-water: chickens, pigeons,
etc.; everything complete: Railroad aye..
South San I- raneisco. Box 992, Call office.
11700-NEW house; brick foundation; a room*
and bath. SPECK. £67 Market st.
FOR SALE— Seven-room modern cottage, lot
60x100, stable and carriage house. ■ 2020 Point
I.ohog aye.'
REAL ESTATE — -COUNTRY For Sale
£ni^TOKJ^_B-A S-cre tract set oat " with
all the best varieties of full bearing fruit
trees, good house and large chicken yard- lo-
cated on the north side of the grandest boule-
vard in the world, "Estudlllo avenue" be-
tween the residence of W. .1. Landers and
Paul M Nlppert. San Leandro. Alameda
County. Cal.; a rare opportunity Inauire
JOS. HERRSCHER. San Leandro; ; inquire
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particular* of immense crops
• roT ed Tr r?T »™ a on .J ISD7 - 9S address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. S. F.
REAL ESTATE WANTED. ~~
R B^_ P l^. C C_i? . omeiT ' mS; WIU Pay * 200 ° C h:
-Box H<o, Call office.KESTAUnANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor, 1035 Market St.: popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
I— LF.AVKNWORTH. Four room, sunny
floor; unfurnished: bath: yard; for couple; $14.
CASTRO, 420— 2 nice furnished housekeeping;
private entrance; lawn; flowers; cheap; no
children.
CLAYTON. 572— 2 or 3 nice sunny' rooms, suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FIRST, 359, bet. Isom and Harrison, Rincon
Hill— Two large unfurnished rooms, front
room and kitchen; suitable for man and wife.
EDDY, 748— Three large unfurnished rooms;
laundry; large yard; also single furnished.
EDDY. — Nicely furnished housekeeping
suite; low rent; private residence; no chil-
dren.
TIFTH. 353-3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing, $13; also 2. $10; single, $5 to $7.
TOjLSOM, f.-3— Parlor suite, 3 rooms, complete- j
ly furnished for hkpg; single or en suite.
SEAR'S 1917— Parlor, bedroom, dining room,
kitchen, bath, toilet, gas, yard, basement.
DROVE, 360 2 Furnished housekeeping rooms
to rent.
HAY;'.- 115 (The Jewell)— Desirable furnished
hskpg. rms.; reas.; gas, bath; also single.
HOWARD. 704, cor. 3d Nice sunny rooms
en suite or single: also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1130 I Sunny bay-window suite;
other rooms; light housekeeping; private; no
children
fvANHOE, 100! Polk. cot. Geary— Light, clean, I
sunny; fur. bkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). $15 up; ref. ',
(ONES, I7ir : . near Broadway— 4 Clean, sunny
cozy rooms, complete; $15; see this.
LAGUNA. 824 (St. James) Furnished and un-
furnished; light housekeeping; reasonable.
MISSION, 1037— Rooms with or without house-
keeping: nicely furnished.
KOE, 15S— 2 or 4 sunny rooms; parlors; kitchen;
coal range; bath; yard; $!0 to $16.
OAK. 54— Front cor. bay-wlnc'.ow rm. or suit;
also completely furnished housekeeping rm.
DAK. 247— Two unfurnished front rooms for
light housekeeping.
DCTAVIA, 1103, cor. Geary— Two sunny rooms,
housekeeping, mantel, gus stove; $12.
POST, 617H- Unfurnished; 2 large sunny rooms;
housekeeping; rent $10.
BIXTH 216H— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, $2 ;.d per wk. up; also single; quiet.
BIXTH, 429— Large Bunny front rooms with or
without housekeeping.
STOCKTON. 701 cor. California— For rooms
and housekpg; dining-room, parlor, kitchen.
BUTTER 1111, nr Lark in— Comfortably furn.
Binile suites: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
THIRD. 340 — One room, complete for house-
keeping: $.■?■ a month.
TURK 11l* — 2 housekeeping rooms. $10; large
front room with gas range. $14; large suit. $13.
TURK. 355. near Hyde— Parlor floor. "■ furnished
rooms, complete for housekpg.; private house.
TWENTY-THIRD 372fi. near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms in suits of 2 and 3; fur- ;
nlshed. •
VAN NESS aye.. 1121— Sunny front suite, 2 or 3
rooms; kitchen: gas range.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. anil I nfnrn.
AIiBOTPFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite: charges moderate cars direct.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night ; $1 25 to $3 per week, and !
light housekeeping; open all night. !
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable. ______
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator; ;
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand, 240 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms..
15c ta $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
BURNETT, H2ts Market (old No. 1364 Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished. *
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. A: offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH. I"7— Pleasant, sunny, unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH 221— Newly renovated sunny rooms,
{1 25 to $2 50 per week.
FOLSOM, S2f\ near Fourth— Furnished sunny
rooms, $1 per week.
FOURTH. 12S 1 -, nr. Mission -New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rm>. I
GEARY, 4"5 (Tha Navarre) — Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYKH 1
GEARY, 556 Elegantly furnished front and 1
back parlors; piano; phone; hskpg. . other rms.
GEARY, Sl3?i— l or 2 furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and I
Mission sts— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
GRANT AYE.. 7—2 Elegant front suites; suit-
able for office or living rooms.
HANCOCK 11 us--. 7M Mission— Select family !
rooming housed $1 50 to $*i per week.
HOTEL GroKvenor. 319 Sutter. m Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.: elev. ; free baths.
HOWARD, R29- Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up: nlso housekeeping and transient.
L'ARKIN, £04— Small sunny room, neatly fur-
nished; $4,
MARIPOSA. llfi:> Slission— Newly furnished
front and oiher rooms; all sunny; $1 week up.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, 3731. near Thirteenth— Room suitable
for gentleman; very cheap. '
O'FARRELL', 20— Sunny furnished rooms and I
offl' < elevator; elentrir lights; day, wk., mo.
■ O'FARRELL; 745. near Hyde— 2 handsomely
furnishe-l alcove suites; sunny; also single.
POST, 702— Newly furnished parlor suite; 3
gentlemen or couple; reference.
POWELL. COS A— Nicely furnished sunny suite
and simple room; gentlemen only.
ROYAL House, 12* i Elils Ft.— Incandescent
light, reading •■ m, smoking room and
ladies' rarlor: rooms, per niiiht. Sao to $1 50;
werk. $2 to $S; month. 5 1 * to $30: elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth «t ,
n<\ir Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hlllsdale House— Ele-
gait furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
SIXTH. 420— Elegant parlur suite; running
water, bath, etc.: reasonable.
SUNNY furnished room. Apply 1214 Leaven-
worth st.
SUTTER, 303-Nkely furnished rooms. Jl 50
per week; suites, %2 50 per week.
PUTTER. 4^7 — 3 sunny furnished rooms t? let.
■ ■ nzzzz ~~
TAYLOR. 407— Two furnished rooms.
THE Piedmont. 19A Sixth St.. cor. Minna—
Sunny bay-window rooms. •
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. 1.. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom, cor. Cth— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THIRD, 25, :ir. Market Sunniest rooms In San
Francisco: white lights; extra good beds; chp.
THIRD, 106'j. near Mission— The Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms. $1 25 to Ii
THREE or four furnished roomij or small fiat,
with piano; rent about $25. Box 15S8, Call.
TURK, r:2-A parlor floor Of 3 or 4 rooms,
nicely furnished, for gentlemen.
VAN NESS. 911— Fine parlor suite. 3 rooms, or
4 If desired; sunny: plcnsant: yard; hskpg.
ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED— 2 sunny connecting rooms or alcove
suite, running water, unfurnished; bet. Geary
and Pine and Powell and Jones i-ts. Address,
Btating price, to box I'V.-O. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought.' sold;
machine supplies. '-4i Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlng at lowest rates, g'">s Fourth ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
SPIRITUALISM.
life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading-, 25c up. I 7th.
MRB ELLIS, test* to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.
Mon.. 8; He: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia at.
~~~ STORAGE.
CALA~Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. &II H. goods. 735 Mkt. ; tel. Black 311.
to LEASE.
TO LEASE.
Sliver State Hotel. 16 and 18 Mason St.,
consisting of 93 rooms, fully furnished, from
August 1.
' Apply immediately.
A. J. RICH & CO..
112 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— SIOOO cash, balance payments; new
7- room 2-story house, 1 block to local, 2 blocks
to business; a lovely home; see It. Address
WM. P. TODD, 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
$550— LOT 50x130; west side St. Charles St.
$1250— Cottage, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; line loca-
tion; large lot.
$3000— House, 10 rooms; lot 45x140; choice loca-
tion; Central aye.. near Grand st. ; great bar-
gain.
$6500 — House. 9 rooms, modern: water front
lot, 49x150; Clinton aye., near Chestnut st.
Morton tt.— Corner lot, 100x150; beautiful resi-
dence, $9000, reduced to $7000.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
NICE lot, $300; offer wanted for 6-room cot-
tage; also ' room house; Twenty-third aye.
J. H. YOUNG, Home Builder, 1242 Park st. .
$700 — FINE lot on bay shore.
$2200— Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; lot
62x150; near High School and depot; terms. $100
cash, $20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing. plHte glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School: easy terms. .
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
I SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 60x
150: good location: 5 minutes' walk from sta-
Mnn. Anniv to XV. F SCHT'LTF.. "ii? i^hapln.
AI. A VI. ROOMS AM) lIOAKU.
HOME fcr ladies In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FT'NKF, 141R Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WE offer a. 9-room modern house close to unl-
verfiity for $3650. We take pleasure in show-
ing this property; It is sure to meet your ex-
pectations. Come and see us. O. G. MAY &
CO., 2128 Center st., Berkeley.
$1425— COTTAGE of (5 roomo and bath: lot 33:4 x
135; near station; street work done: has to be
sold at once C. NAMANNY, Lorin Station.
MEW 5-room cottage with all modern Im-
provements; lot €0x120: price $1660; only $100
• cash; balance payable $20 per month; get off
at Lorln station and ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS.
ELEGANT 5-room house; modern; lot 35x100:
street work all done; price $1700; payments
to suit: get off at Lorin station and ask for
RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
a LOVELY little home near the hills: house
of 3 rooms, lot 100x135, part of an orchard,
plenty of run for chickens; only 3 blocks from
electric railroad. Apply JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley station.
HA. HA!— Just the place you were looking for
where >'ou can raise poultry close to town;
a fine piece of property, size 156x125, 2-story
house of 7 rooms, plenty of water, 1 block
from electric railroad and only 5 minutes' |
from railroad station. Apply JOS. J. j
MASON*. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— House. 53 Weston aye., 7 rooms,
bath, toilet; lot 37x130: house and grounds In
good condition; reasonable; terms to suit; no !
agents. Owner on premises. j
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO RENT furnished- 6 rooms; modern: gas
and coal ranges: large lot: $25. Address 1463
Twenty-third aye.. Bast Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEM NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dlvidend~No79s(soc per j
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company j
will he payable at the office of the company ;
on and after Tuesday, August 1. USB. Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday. July 26.
1399. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary- I
I " BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by :
mail will not be Inserted They must be handed
; in at either of the publication offices and be '
I indorsed with the name and residence of per- j
I sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COSGRAVE In this city, July 28, 1*99, to the
J wife of John H. Cosgrave, a son.
I ELLIOTT In this city, July 23. 1899, to the !
wife of John S. Elliott, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ADAM! JAASKO— In this city. July 27, 1899,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry W. Adaml j
and Soohie Jaasko.
DIED.
Anderson, John A. O. Hixon, Arthur C.
Baasel, Ferdinand Howell, Lucile
Bagnasco, Marie U. Karner, Anton
Ballard, Mary J. Kelly. Margaret
Bogo, Albert J. Meßserschmltt, Anna
Braunschwelger. Elise Palmer, Archie E.
Carroll, William Petersen, Frederick
: Dunn, Eleanor F. 'Proll, Rudolph R.
Gerber, Carl Silva, Catherine K.
Hansen, Harold C. Schneider, Nathan
ANDERSON In this city, July 26. 1899, John
A. O. Anderson, beloved son of John P. An-
derson and brother of Mrs. Sandbeck, a na-
tive of Sweden, axed 19 years.
C^Priends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from A. W. Martin
it Co.'?, undertakers, 118 Geary street. In-
terment LHurell Hill.
BAASEL— In this city, July 2«. 1899, Ferdi-
nand, beloved husband of Sophie Baaseland
father of Mrs. ■ >. MeNulty, Mrs. W. O'Brien
and Charles, Ferdinand, August and Gus- |
tave Baasel, a native of Frankfurt, Ger-
many, seed 76 years 7 months and 17 days. |
B7Remains at the parlors of H. F. Huhr '
& Co., 1208 Mission street, near Eighth.
BAGNASCO In this city, July 27. 1898, Marie 1
Ursula Bngnasco (nee Strago), beloved wife of I
P. Barnasco, a native Of Switzerland, aged
4S years.
IT7"Fri«-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1118 Filbert street. Interment Italian
Cemetery, San Mateo County. Please omit
flowers.
i BALLARD In Oakland, Cal., July 2S, 1899,"
Mrs. Mary J. Ballard, wife of the late Jo-
seph H. Mallard and mother of Mrs. Alice
Ballard O'Leary, a native of Salem, Mass.
BOGO— In this city. July 27. 1599, Albert Jendre j
Kogo, dearly beloved and only child of Mr.
and Mrs. .1. Bogo, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 "firs 2 months and 12 days.
I ~Fun<-ral services will be held this day
'Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the residence
of the parents, 65 Wood street. Interment
private.
BRAUNSCHWEIGER— In this city. July 27,
lfci'9, Ellse, beloved wife of Herman Braun-
eiger, mother of Edward, Herman and
Freda Braunschwelger and Mrs. It. W. Bach-
rach, and sister of Mrs. H. E. Wicker. Mrs.
J. Van Neill and D. Ropers, a native of
Stade. Germany, aged 53 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1600 McAllister street, corner of De-
visadero. thence to Odd Fellows' Cemetery,
where the remains will be cremated. »
CARROLL— In Irvington, Alameda County.
July 27. 1898. William, beloved husband ,of
the late Ellen Carroll, and father of William
Carroll Jr. and the late James Carroll, a na-
tive of County Cork, Ireland; aged 78 years.
C7"Frl»>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi- !
dence of T. J. Twohlg. near Irvington. thence |
to St. Joseph's Church, Milpitaß. where a i
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Oak Hill Cemetery. San
Jose, Cal.
DUNN— In this city, July 28. I*o9, Eleanor F.,
dearly beloved wife of George W. Dunn and
daughter of John and Mary Murphy and
sister of the late Mrs. Coujihlan, Mrs. D.
Gavlgan and Katie Murphy, a native of San
Francisco, axed 24 years 8 months and 16
days.
tC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. John Murphy, do Sharon street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, whej-e a
r- i.'inn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10 30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GERBER— In Sonoma, Cal., Carl, beloved son
of the late Mrs. Agathe Gerber, a native of
New Orleans, aged 43 years, (Grass Valley
Cal., and New Orleans, La., papers please
copy. )
£>The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 12 o'clock, in Sonoma, Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited.
hfcNRY «l. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan ft. Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBR3,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln tscboaL.
Telephone South 80. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY. JULY 29, 1899.
HANSEN— Prowned at pea oft Honolulu, June
30, 1599, Harold C, beloved son of Captain
J. C. and Charlotte E. Hansen (nee More-
beck), and brother of T'ndine A., Edna, Er-
win, Leslie and the late Lester Hansen, a
native cf San "Francisco, aged IS years 23
da>'3.
lT?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend memorial services In
memory of our loved one to-morrow iSun-
day), at 3 "clock, at the Second Congrega-
tional Church, Chase street. Oakland. Resi-
dence of parents, 1061 Willow street, Oak-
land.
HIXON— In tills city, July 2S. 1899, Arthur C.
Hixon. ased 27 years and in months.
it?" Notice of ftineral hereafteT.
HOWELL (CABANISS)— In this city, July 2<,
1899, Lucile Howell, dearly beloved daughter
ol Qeoree H and Hattle H. Howell, a na-
tive of Oakland, Cal., aced l year 10 months
and 2."> i!;iys.
KARNER— In this city, July 2.5. I^o9. Anton
Kariu-r, dearly beloved husband of Maria
Karner an.l beloved father of Joseph, Alois,
Albin, Arthur and Rev. Melchlur Karner.
Scrviten Provincial by Innsbruck, Tyrol, and
Anna Raffeiner (n<-e Karner), a native of
Bra 1. Tyrol, Austria, aged 74' years and 8
months.
KELLY— In this city, July 28, 1899, Margaret.
relict of the late Thomas W. Kelly and
mother of Thomas W. Kelly of Santa Cruz,
Tobias J. Kelly of San Francisco. John F.
Kelly of Nam and Joseph M. Kelly of San
Francisco, a native of Ireland, aged CO
years.
[^Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of fun-
eral hereafter.
MESSERSCHMITT— In Lorin. C a l.. July 28,
1899, Anna Klise. beloved wife of Conrad
Mt-sscrsehmltt and mother of Mrs. Katie
Poorman, Mrs. Ellse Tessen and Conrad.
Lizzie and Marie Messerschmitt, a native of
Germany, aged 52 years and 11 months.
PALMER— Drowned in Sacramento River,
July 18, 1*!'», Archie E. Palmer, son of Mrs.
A. M. Win* and brother of Mrs. George
Woodbury, aged 29 years.
ItyNotice of funerai hereafter.
PETERSEN— In this city, July 28, 1599, Fred-
erick M.. bfloved husband of Ada Trow-
brldge Petersen, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 54 years 11 months and 6 days.
(n7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:80 o'clock, from his late
residence, 12'j3 Golden Gate avenue, corner
of Webster -street. Interment at Xapa on
Sunday.
PROLL— In this city. July 28, 1599, Rudolph
R. T 'r. .ll. beloved son of Flizabeth Proll and
Of the late John Pro!) and brother of Ida
and Emily Proll, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2* years 3 months, and 23 days;,
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
luvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
dence, 1715 Jones str.—t. between Broadway
and Vallejo. Interment Oud Fellows' Ceme-
BCHNEIDER— In this city, July 27. 1599. at
his residence, 2114 Pout street, Nathan, dear-
ly beloved husband of Rosa Schneider and
ed father of Morris, Flora, Gustave,
!< sallnd, I 'avid. Seymour, Abe and George
Bchneider and brother of Mrs. M. P.aum, a
native of I.lssa. Germany, aged 63 years and
21 ilhvs. (Chicago, 111., papers please copy.)
(CTFrinnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mormw
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from R. B. Hall,
Eddy sfet't. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SILVA— In this city. July 25, 1^99. Catherine
E. Mlva. a native of Portugal, aged 41
years.
E7Friends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
irday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
i • Valente, Marini \r Co., 1.".24 Stockton
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Man p.n.l Hugh I. King to Alexander Mc-
Kay, lot on S line of Golden (late avenue. lf*2:6
W of Buchanan street, \V 27: ii by S 337:6; $I>>.
Philip H. Livingston to Bernard Katchinski,
\\" line of Webster street, 57:6 S of Ellis.
S 25 by W 87:6; $20.
Maria Coman to John Lowe, lot on X line of
Pc Long avenue (Lucy), :U>j 3 of Frederick
.Mr.-,-t. S SO by E3 86; also property outside of
; county; also "interest ;n estate of Mary A.
I. we, No. 6099, Alameda County; $10.
Henry and Kate Bauer to Phllippeo.e Sebas
' tlan. lot on N line of Human street, 270 W of
: Sanchez, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Mamie I. Thompson (Barto) (wife nf Harry
1 E i to Isabella 'I. Barto (wife of Harrison),
' it on N line of Eighteenth street. 73 X of
nd, B ZE J •■• N 75; $10.
Adrien L. Aubinaud (by EdwartJ .T. Le rtr^-
Paolo Arata, lot on S line
Btreet, 117:6 E of Dupont, X 20 by
5 57:8; ■
Xli T. Sheppanl to Eliza Sheppard, lot on PK
. allejo an.l Taylor streets. E 53:6 by
H 87 6; $10.
Albert M and Klizaheth A. Whittle to <~>ra
; S. Healy, lot on S line of N street, 32:6 W of
i Kit-ht h avenue, W 50 by S 100; 110.
Julia A Mead to John J. McEwen, lot on
si: i •■ Miss n street, 270 SW of Fair ave
nae SW SO by BW 283:6, Preeita Valley lot 362;
»10.
! John J McKwen t" Annie A. Gr.>en, lot on
BE corner of Mis i - eet, 27" SW nf Fair
1 avenue SW 80 by SE 140, Preeita Valley lot
362 $10.
Samuel M Hrnwn to Henry K. Winkl^r, lota
|3 and 4. block 8, Holly Park; *K>.
Therxi'Tf Jasperson tn Mrs. .lopepha Flnrh.
lot on x lin.- of Thirty-«eoond avenue, ISO X
• n street E BO by N 100, !-.t= SI an.l S2. I
•irk Homestead Association; $in.
Tel Gallagher an-1 Alice Mi-Williams to
Spring Valley Water Works, lot on NYV corner
; of Burrowa "and Bowdoin street*, N 100 by W
■;■ block 51, University Mound; $2M.
Elizabeth, Catherine J.. Elizabeth ft. John
: J Mary K. and Louise Geary to John O'Bri'-n.
U.t on SW line r.f Fourteenth avenue. !." BE
of P street. SW 100 by BE 80, block 2M. ON.
6 H. Tract: $1".
Alameda County.
Edward P. Flint to William I>. Moore, 10l on
NE corner of Falrmount avenue and Pearl
street BE 150, NE 50, NW 1(7. 37, BW 60.08 to
: beginning, being lot 1, block 1), Flint Tract,
i ißkland; $10.
Balfour-Guthrie Investment Company to L.
<; Burpee, lot on N line of West Twelfth
Pireet IM W of Kirkham, W :2 by N 110, be-
Ine lot 40 map of Center Street Home Lots,
kland; $io.
!•' E. and Mary Armstrong to George X.
Lowe lot on W line of Ix.uisa street. 171 X of
L!<rkeley way. N" 50 by W 134.6."., being lot 3T>,
Twltchell Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Mary i>. and H. W. Putnam n^jd Ida F. and
F. A. Earl! to Elvira H. HubbaTd (wife of L.
If i re-rec.rd 7K d 216, lot on X line of Euclid
avenue, 150 N of Hilgard, N B0 by X 125, heinj?
lot 4. block 16, Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
James Gamble to Jane X. Still, lot on X line
of Parker Ptreet, 167.3 W of Grove, W 50 by X
129.40, being lot 15, block F, Crystal Spring
Tract, Berkeley; |10.
Joseph and Eliza Hess to Frank Btudiger. lot
on E • rner of Dast Tenth street and Twenty
sixth avenue, SE 30 by XE 66.67, being a por
tion of lots 2i and 24, block — , Knowles &
Potter subdivision of Kennedy Tract, Brooklyn
Township; J6OO.
Hugh and Anna 8. Hosan to L. B. Hanson.
10l on N lino of Blossom street. 335 W of Fruit
vale avenue, W 70, N 1.17:6. E 70.80, S 131.17. to
beginning, bejnK lots 19 and 20, Orchard Tract, ]
klyn Township; flSOft
Anton E. E. Albera to Rosa Albera, lot on E ]
! line of Prospect street, 10 s of Chicago avenue.
S SO by E 111 being lots 14 and 15, block H,
ect Hill Trait, Berkeley; gift.
John M. and Nettle M. Tarroll to William J. j
; Dingee, lot "n N line of Railroad avenue or I
Seventh street. 212 E of Kirkham. N 147. 6 Cby
E !'4. portion blocks 533 and 534; $10.
Augusta Simons to Henry Oohrmann, lot on
W line of Adeline street, 66:3 S of Twenty
sixth. B BO by W 256:6, block 642. Oakland: $10. j
Emma W Halsey (executrix estate of Isaac I
S. Halsey, by J. B. Lanktree. Commiß»loner) ]
to H( me Security Building and Loan Associa
tion, lota 133 to 135, block H, Vincente Peralta
Reservation Tract, Oakland; $*03.
Home Security Buildlne: and I>oan Associa- !
tlon to John Pacha, lot 133, block H. Vincents
Peralta Reservation Tract at Temescal, Oak
land; $10.
Isaac Krohman (executor estate of Allie M.
■ Pearson) to Mary A. Johnson, lot 84 and a strip
2 feet wide off" and along the whole length
of W side of lot 85 In plat 8, Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland Township; $165.
THlie Rose Sp»ar to W. A. Schrock, lot 7,
block 8 Landregan Tract, Oakland TownHhlp;
$250.
Thomas E. and Charlotte J. Hanson to Wil
liam J. I'lnßee. lot on NE corner of Bancroft
way and Bpauldlng avenue, X 243.30, E 235.50.
S 222.15. "VV 2")'J.35. to beginning, being lotw 3S
to 38 and portion lots 3» and 40, block 1, Spauld
ing Tract; also lots 2. 3 and 14. block 4, amend
ed map Sea View Park. Berkeley; $lv.
Syndicate Investment Company to Marie j
Hiritze (wife tif f'hriptian F.) t lot on SE line Of
Tevls street. 150 SW of Putnam. Sff E7:7. 8
126:8 N'E 7'J:2, NW 125, to beginning. b«lnp
lots 13 and 14. block 754 on map. of Syndicate
Investment Company's subdivision blocks 751
to 754 769 and 770, Levy and Lane Tracts,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
J F. and Maria 7. Dinswell to William J.
• I >'!)*■<■>* lot on E corner of Redwood mad or
county 'roid No. SOti and Allendale avenue, NE
I 12'j.by HE ISO, Brooklyn Township; also lot on
Xi: corner of West and Twenty-second streets.
N 50 by E 100, being lot 1, block C, Curtis &
Williams Tract. Oakland; $10.
Edward P. and Rowina Ileald to Oustafva A.
Wlnberg. beginning at W corner of lot 1, block
B Heald Twenty-third Avenue Tract, at point
of intersection of line common to lots 1 and IS,
blnck B, Heald Twenty-third Avenue Tract,
with SE boundary line of city of Oakland,
thence XE 30. SE 70.35. SW 1. SE 11.86, SW 5»,
NW 28, NE .'!. NW ."3 to beginning, being^ a
pVrtlon out of rear of lots 1. 2. 3 and Ifi, block
B of above tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles C. Butler (owner) with William Bell
(contractor), architect Gustav A. Behrnd— All
work for a 2-otory brick building to extend the
Geary-Street side Of building on BW corner of
Btocftton and Geary streets to full extent of
10l which is 138:6 by 60. on same condition as
original contract dated May 17. 1889; $8700.
Same owner with same contractor, architect
Barn p_piumblng, carpenter work, plastering,
glazing and gas flues, etc.* for a mezzanine
floor to be built in building fronting on Stock
ton street, SW corner of Geary and Stockton;
Mary Hansen (owner) with Andrew Christen
sen (contractor), architect none— All work for
•> 2-story frame buildings -with brick founda
tions on SE line of Arlington avenue, 26R:4 NE
of Miguel street, NE 53:8, SE 90, SW 53:8, NW
I 95; $SOOO.
NEWS OF THE REALITY WORLD
The stagnation which has characterized
the real estate market for the past two
months, with the exception of occasional
glimmers of activity, was broken during
the past week by the sale of the entire
Western Addition block, consisting of
fifty varas, bounded by Broadway, Val
lejo, Pierce and Steiner streets, for $90.u00.
A. j Rich & Co. were the brokers, and
the sellers were Joseph Brandenstein and
the A. S. Rosenbaum estate. The name
of the purchaser is withheld for the pres
ent The entire block i 3 to be improved
at once. Plans are being prepared for
eight residences, each occupying a fifty
foot lot on Broadway, to cost from $8000
to Ho wo each, four to be built of Roman
stone, first story, and four in gray stone,
rirst story.
\bide from this solitary big deal, how
ever, thOßd who have capital to
invest are holding aloof from the
real estate market. Nevertheless, in
a few weeks. after the people
begin to return from their summer vaca
tions it is very probable that there will
Le a revival of business, especially as
there a« several bie deals said to be
pending, the consummation of which i*
being delayed solely because of the ab
sence Of some of the principals from the
Cl The next largest sale reported for the
mmmm
FUnn SaSders™ & Co. o( John Uougn
south of Vallejo street, lot 2<x103 teer, ror
$S Louis Friedlander and wife have sold
to Margaret J. Wall the property on the
east line of Deylsadero street l«:«i feet
north of Washington.. lot -oxlOO.
J M. Wright has bought of M. S. Wil
son and wife and transferred to the Seat
t^ BrewiMC and Malting Company sev
and KanMuT streVte, and southwest comer
of Kansas and New Channel streeta.
° A P KothkopL and wife have smd to
R H Daley the house and lot, 23x90 feet,
on the west side of Stockton street, 1*1:3
f^M 11 a^d B Annif fT McLaughlin haVe
erty on tha north line olTwenUetn street,
7 r , fft-t west ot Hartford, lot ~,<\*-->j ieei,
tor alo^e?atlon of IttW and interes^
1 uie'l Canopa has bought of U ill Urn
and Clara McCormlck the Property on
fhV north line of Clay street, 40:10 feet
east of Battery, lot 20;2x45:10 .feet ; and an
•idioininjr strip on the east, 0:6x4o.ll) ieet.
The property. IB covered with old build
in G?'H.,Umbsen & Co. report having made
the following rf.;.nt B&Lea: Th« sale b|
the German Bank to S. H. Ol In ik r a .
c . H. Moore of lots 8, l,lßana U. "\ L ! J^
I* and lots 22 23. 24 and 25 In block 2 of
the Marion tact, on Portola street, for
$10 "54- by the Grangers' Business Asso
:i,.t"iun to G. W. Klin., the Improvements
and lot 40x65 on the northeast Una o
Eighth street, so feet southeast of. Mi —
Bion, WOW by Hannah Tucker to James
Rennle lot 25x80 and improvementa at
LO3Q Mission street, JIO^O; by Hugh Ken
nan to Mrs. A. C. Godeus, the premises
at 245 and 247 Scott street. 26x100 for
$(T7sO' by the Soher estate to Mrs. if
Knoflach the lot 30x137:6 and Improve
ments at 1225 Bush street. J6000; Mrs,
Mary M. Rouleau to G. W. Kline, lot f*
TO. on the west line of Hyde street 114 : C
feet north of McAllister $0000. and by the
P. Berwin estate to C. J. Meads, a lot 24 x
112:6 on the east line of Howard street.
22] feet south of Seventeenth, for $1.."'.
Sol Gets: it Bro. report the following
recent sales: • Lot 25x120 on west line of
Twenty-third avenue, 123 feet north of
California street, for $400; lot 25x100 on
north line of California street. 32:6 feet
east ot Twenty-third avenue, for $100, lot
107:6x100 on northeast corner of J street
and Nineteenth avenue- for $1000; lot Zox
120 on west line of Eighteenth avenue, 100
feet north of 3 street, for $2o0: lot 25X120
on east line of Tenth avenue, 125 feet
south of L street, for $650; lot 25x100 on
north line of McAllister street. 75 feet
east of .Lyon, for $1800; lot 57:6x100 on the
southeast corner of Forty-fourth avenue
and J street for $600; lot 50x100 on north
west line of Athens street, 100 feet north
east of Persia avenue, for $500.
. Easton Eldridge & Co. announce a reg
ular auction sale of city property to be
held at their salesrooms, 638 Market
street, on Tuesday next, August 1, at
noon. The catalogues, which have been
out for several days, contain quite a line
of desirable property, including a fine
residence on California street; flats on
Butter street, to close an estate; Rail
road-avenue business property; an invest
ment on Stockton street; a Twenty
fourth-street home; a North Beach in
vestment; a Mission cottage; a cozy
modern home on Diamond street and
Ashbury Heights lots. .
An order has been made by the probate
department of the Superior Court direct
ing the sale of the Berghauser property
on August 22. The sale, which will be
made for the purpose of a partition of the
property of the estate, will be conducted
by S. C. Buckhee, referee, in the auction
salesroom of Shainwald, Buckbee & Co.
The property Is regarded as an exception
ally desirable investment. The Prescott
House alone, which has a frontage of over
211 feet on Kearny street, Montgomery
avenue and Pacific street, producing an
annual Income of over $10,000.
Eighteen building contracts were filed
for record during the week, of an aggre
gate value of $120,885. A. S. Baldwin, act
ing for John and Agnes M. Agar, trus
tees has contracted for the erection of
a modern brick building with basement
on the southwest line of Market street,
125 feet southwest of Sixth, for $61 .350. A.
Boyd has contracted with S. H. Kent and
others for alterations and additions to the
four-story and basement brick building
en tho northeast corner of Front and
Market streets for a total of $12,266. H.
C. Homers contracted with A. F. Helmuth
to erect four flats on the. west line of
Howard street, 120 feet south of Twen
tieth, at a cost of $9260. Maria Kesseler
contracted with R. J. Pa vert to erect a
three-story frame building on the east
line of Steiner street, 100 feet north of
Fell, for $6300.
For the week ending July 22 the savings
banks, building associations and private
capitalists of this city loaned a total of
$513,500 upon local real estate, against
$179,830 for the previous week. The loans
of the savings banks aggregated $355,5f10,
and were as follows: .Hibernia, $283,265;
German, $42,250; Savings Union, 18,325;
Savings and Loan, $10,700; Humboldt,
$3000. and Mutual. $1000. The building as
sociations loaned a total of $19,000 and
private capitalists and others loaned
$135,540. Tho loans of the Hibernia Bank
were all at 6 per cent. including a re
newal of one loan of $220,000 at that lately
reduced rate. The A. C. Whitcomb estate
put out $95,000 at 6 per cent. Another es
tate made a loan of $14,000 at that rate.
At least half of the total loans of last
week were at 6 per cent. The new Italian-
American Bank put out $4000 at that rate.
Releases for the week : were 1152,800,
against $171,015 for the previous week.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
M. L. Wurts reports the following- sales
in Oakland and rUrkeley: North side of
Durant, near Dana. 100x130 feet, with im
provements, to ex-Judge Searls of San
Francisco for $10,000; the present owner
1» making extensive alterations and will
have one of the finest homes in Berke
ley. South side of Sylvan way. near Col
lege avenue, 40x100 feet, with nine-room
house, from Wurts to Mrs. J. A. Marsh
of San Francisco for $4000; north side of
Albion street, near Grove street, 33x120
feet, from William Mann to Mrs. Hester
of Oakland for $3S00; east side of San
Pablo avenue, near Forty-third street.
Oakland, 206x102 feet, from O. F. Sites of
Oakland to F. H. Sites of San Francisco
for $4000; eight lots in block 175 of the
Snyder tract, Berkeley, from Wurts to
Georpe F. Fryer of San Francisco. $2000;
lot 50x440 feet, on the west side of San
Pablo avenue, near Grayson street,
Berkeley, from Mrs. R. Wurts to Georpo
Holloway of Berkeley for $1000; the pres
ent owner is erecting a nice eight-room
residence on the same; house and lot on
the imrth side of Bonton avenue, near
Fourth street, Golden Gate to Mrs. Agnes
McGrath for $S00; sold for Mrs. R. Wurts
to Con Dpnovan of San Francisco three
lots on the west side of Eighth street,
near Grayson street. Berkeley. $450; lot
in the Central Park tract. Berkeley, sold
for the San Francisco Savings Union to S.
Hilton of East Oakland for $500; lot 35x135
feet on Twenty-third street, near San Pablo
avenue. Oakland, for Messrs. Olmstead
and Baldwin of Oakland to Mrs. Mary
Brown, whu has erected an eight-room
house on the same; lot 60x150 feet from
E. P. Flint to Mrs. K. Katzenbaeh of
Oakland for $1200; lot on the west side of
Telegraph avenue, near Thirtieth street,
;.. Miss Carrie Richardson of Oakland,
51400; house and lot on Essex street,
Berkeley, from William C. Bissell to L.
W. Potts of Berkeley for $1500; lot ,oxl3o
feet on the west side of Eighth near
Grayson street, Berkeley, from Mrs. X..
Wufts to O. E. Brown of Berkeley for
$45u; cottage and lot on the south side
of Jones rtreet. near Telegraph avenge,
from A Uhl to Carroll Holmes of Oakland
for J^-'OO; lot in the Mathews tract, Berke
ley, to A. W. Carle for $200; forty acres
of ranch land near Red Bluff fromi, \\.
Putts of Berkeley to William C. Bissell
of Auburn for $1500; new house of nine
rooms and lot on the south Kl( \eofSyl\ an
way. near College avenue, to W . ti. tucK
lev of San Francisco, $5000.
Mr Wurts will commence the erection
of four nine-room residences on Sylvan
way, near the College avenue entrance to
the university. He has just completed
two and finds a gr^at demand for resi
dence property in that locality.
THE HEALTH BOARDS
HELD NO MEETINGS
STATE AND LOCAL OFFICIALS
COME TOGETHER.
Wholesale Discharges and Quarantine
Were to Have Been Discussed,
but There Was No
Quorum.
There was to have been a double action
meeting of the Boards of Health yester
day. The State board and the local board
were to have met independently and then
In joint session, but neither happened.
Dr. Keeney was summering at Del
Monte and Dr. Coffey was too busy to
get around, consequently there wub no
quorum. It was a matter of employes the
local beard had to consider. Auditor
Wells' action in holding up salary- war
rants of all employes save those provided
for by statute has created a necessity for
some hard figuring. It was the figuring
that was to have been inaugurated. If
there is to be no money with which to
pay employes, heads will have to drop,
or at least the stricken deputies will nec
essarily be shelved until after the court
has decided that the Board of Health may
give out all the jobs the political debts of
its manager require.
The State board was to have discussed
with the local authorities the best means
of getting rid of Dr. Kinyoun and the
other Federal quarantine officials. The
old tight between the State and Federal
offlaers will not down, particularly since
I>r. Cohn was made quarantine officer for
tho State board. The ancient row is on
again right merrily and a corps of ca
pable assistants Is kept at work by the
State board figuring out artistic knocks
to be put on the Federal agent at Wash
ington. However, yesterday the local offi
cials were not on hand to the extent of
a quorum, so the State board called the
business off. It is hardly likely that any
thing more serious than a real indignant
letter will be sent on to the capital.
RIGHT OF FREE SPEECH.
The Street Orators and Sympathizers
Gain a Victory in the Police
Courts.
The street orators and their sympathiz
ers, ten In number, who were arrested on
Thursday night at Fifth and Market
BtreetS for obstructing the street and re
fusing to move on, appeared in the Police
Courts yesterday. A. McGinty, Thomas
Beresford and Pauline Horwitz were In
Judge Conlan'a court, and the Judge, after
hearing the evidence, dismissed the cases.
He said that there was a public meeting
being held, and that the police had no
right to molest the people so long as the
meeting was conducted in an orderly man
ner. The right of free speech was guar
anteed by the constitution u£ the United
States.
Judge Mogan had Joseph O'Brien, "Will
iam Kdlin and G. }i. Benheim before him,
and he also dismissed the cases. He held
that the section of the Penal Code under
which the arrests were made applied to
riots, and the police must show that it
was not a public meeting. This they had
failed to do.
In Judge Treadwell's court J. J. Dunn,
Bessie Kifkin, G. Hatch and Leon Devillc
appeared. On motion of Prosecuting At
torney Carpenter the charge of obstruct
ing the street was dismissed against the
defendants, but the charge of refusing to
move on will be fought out, and the cases
were continued till to-day to give the de
fendants time to plead.
COURT NOTES.
Robert Crinkshank, a teamster, was
charged in Judge Mogun'a court yester
day with fast driving over a street cross-
Ing. He was arrested by Policemen Far
ley and McSorley. After the officers had
given their testimony, Crinkshank wanted
to bet Farley $50 to $10 that the horse
could not run as fast as Farley. The
Judge told Crinkshank that he had better
reserve his bet till to-day, and convicted
him.
As was anticipated, the case of Frank
McFarland, charged with assault to mur
der upon Louis Kirsehbaum at the
Branch County Jail, was dismissed by
Judge Conlan yesterday. Kirschbaum
again took the stand and said his mind
was a blank as tD the assault, and he
did not wish to prosecute the case.
Gladys Daly, the Boubrette who crave
a wine party In ln-r room at the Belmont
House. Turk and Taylor streets, and
spilled some wine on the carpet, got her
personal effects yesterday by order of
judge Slogan. The landlord wanted $50
for iimage t>> the carpet, but the Judge
declui . -liusi him, and all that Gladys
had to pay was $3 50 back rent due.
Mrs. Annie Ross, wife of a clerk In the
Spring \ alley Water Works, was yester
day convicted of petty larceny by Judge
Mogaii fur stealing some articles from
Mrs. Herman J. Ash, 9us O'Farrell street,
where she was employed as a domestic.
A charge against her of obtaining money
by false pretenses was continued till to
day.
A warrant was issued by Judge Mo
gan yesterday for the arrest of Luke D.
Battles, a gardener at the Alta Plaza,
on the charge of failure to provide for
his wife and child. Lizzie Matlck of 1306
Pacific Street, his sister-in-law, is the
complaining witness. Battles is a son of
the superintendent of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Light Company.
A. T. Vogelsang, Fish Commissioner,
swore to complaints in Judge Treadwell's
court yesterday for the arrest of the
members of the firm of O'Brien & Spo
torno, poultry dealers, California Market,
for offering for sale wild ducks out ot
season. Three dozen ducks were seized
by the Commissioner.
Belle Perry and C. D. Bursee, who were
arrested early "Wednesday morning on
Kearny street by Policemen Caples and
Howard, appeared before Judge Conlan
yesterday, the woman on a charge of va
grancy and the man for carrying a con
cealed weapon. The woman proved to
be one of the worst characters the Judge
has had to deal with, and was very saucy
In her answers. A murderous looking
knife was found in Bursee's pocket, and
the woman said she bought it for him.
He Bald he carried it. as it might prove
useful. Moth were convicted and ordered
to appear for sentence to-day.
James Fillman, who stole a purse from
Mrs Matilda J. Glover, 25 Hyde street,
was yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Treadwell on a
charge of grand larceny In $2000 bonds.
An old gentleman saw the defendant take
the purse from Mrs. Glover's pocket and
the police would like to hear from him.
S C. Df-nson, as assignee of Thomas
Fitch Jr., has sued K. H. McDonald Jr.
and the California Raisin and Fruit
Growers' Association to recover $40,017 on
a judgment rendered in the Superior
Court on August 1, 1894.
George D. Shadburne. attorney for the
absent heirs of the estate of the late
Charles A. James, has notified Laura
Milieu Jsmes, the alleged widow of the
deceased, that on August 4 he will move
the court to disallow her memorandum
of costs on file with the pleadings. This
move, it Is said, will result in the reopen
ing of the James contest.
Martha Lodge Installs.
El Dorado Hall in the Alcazar building
was crowded lnst night by members of the
order of Knights and Ladles of Honor to
witness the Induction into office of those
chosen to control the destinies of Martha
Lodge, which is now the banner lodge of
California. The hall had been converted
into a bower of beautiful flowers, the sev
eral stations being so profusely decorated
as to hide from view the officers who oc
cupied the chairs. A number of the grand
officers were present. The new officers
are: Mrs. Jennie Nussbaum. past pro
tector; Mrs. Annie Moller, protector; Mrs.
Marie Hahn. vice protector; Mrs. A.
Graff, recording secretary; C. Lackemann.
financial secretary; Herman Guendlande.
treasurer; Mrs. M. Gompertz. chaplain;
Mrs. Emelia Pauly, guide; Mrs. E. Vor
werk, guardian; Herman Hausor, captain
of the guard. Charles Hahn. the district
deputy, -was the installing officer, and the
ceremony was in the German language.
After the installation Mrs. Nussbaum. the
retiring protector, was presented a hand
some badge of the rank of past protector,
after •which there was an enjoyable social
hour and a collation was served.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were more active on the morning
session, but the only change worthy of note
was a decline in Gas and Electric to $71.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold down I
to $70 25 and Contra Costa "Water was firmer j
at $77<g77 50.
Mining stocks were stronger and most of I
them advanced several cents. Sales were <
small, as usual. The telegram from the pump
said: "At 6:30 o'clock this morning the water
! was down 11 feet 8 Inches below the 1950 level
station. The water has risen and fallen during
i the last twenty-four hours."
The second dividend of 30c per share by the
Onomea Sugar Company will be paid on Au
gust 5.
The official report from the Standard Con
j solidated mine of Bodie for the week ending I
July 22 states that raise 2. East vein, 150 level, j
had 5 feet of fair ore In the top. Raise 2, New .
vein, 318 level, had 18 inches low-grade ore In
the top. Raise 3. same vein and level, had 48
inches pay ore In the top. Raise 4, Security
vein, same level, had 24 Inches fair ore. The I
south drift. No. 10 vein, 380 level, had 6 inches 1
fair ore In the face. Raise 2, Fortuna vein,
582 level, had a 6-inch streak of low-grade ore
in the top. Raise 3, same vein and level, had
6 Inches of low-grade ore and ha 3 been stop
ped. The stopes in the Moyle, New, No. 10,
Maguire, Fortune, and other veins on the 150,
270. 318. 336, 470, 528 and 682 levels continued
to yield the usual quantity of fair to good ore. I
A seam of high-grade ore is exposed in No. !
10 south etope, on the 470 level. At the mill j
191% tons or ore were crushed for the week;
average assay vanner tailings, $11 85; concen- i
trates produced, 1 ton. no assay given; plate I
amalgam produced, !»So»i ounces; value per i
ounce. $3 o*l. Tailings plant No. 1 treated IS2 !
tons tailings for the week. Plant No. 2 treated j
j 102% tons.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT, July 28—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Bonds— I Mutual El Co. — 15% I
is quar c0up.. 112 — ,Oakland Gas.. 47% 47*4 ,'
Is quar reg... — — 'Pac Gas Imp.. 72% — j
4s quar new.. — — ' Pac L, Co 41% —
3s quar c0up.. 108% — jS F Q & E.... 70 704 !
Miscellaneous— San Fran — 3% 3**
I Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — Stockton Gas.. 12 — !
C C Wat 65...110T4— Insurance—
EL. 4 P 69....130V4 — FlrenVs Fund. 22o —
F & Cl Ry 65.116%118 Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R 6s. — 95 iAnglo-Cal .... 66 67%
11 C & S 5%5.107% — Bank of Ca1..275 255
L A Ry 55.... 106 107 Pal 8I) ft T.. — »S
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nationl.227 —
Do gntd 65.. 99 — |Lon P & A....129% —
Do gntd 55..— 100 'Her Exchange— 16
Market-st 65.. .127 — Nev Nat 8k...182 —
Do Ist M oßll6ii — ! Saving* Banke
ts* CN G R 78.110 — Ger S & L..1625 —
N Ry Cal 65..112%114 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N R of Cal 65. 113% — ' Mutual Say.. — 424
NPC R R 6s. — — S F Say U.. 500 —
!NP CR R 55. 105? i — 3& L 50.... — 85
! N Cal R R 55. i1l — Security S B — 300
lOGL &II 65. 11 l — Union T Co.. — 1465
Oak Transt 6s. 110 — Street Railroads—
Om CRy 65...126%130 California ....116 —
P& Cl Ry 65.104%- <3eary ... 50 —
p&O 6s . 115 — Market-st 61Va 62%
Powell-st 68...11S 122V4 '■>**■ SL & H. — —
Sac El Rx 08. — — Presidio — 16
8 F & N P 65. 113% — ' Powder—
S F& S JV6S.II4HUS California .... — —
Sierra R Cal6s.l')B% - E Dynamite .. - 92%
S Pof A 65. ..112 113 Giant Con Co. MS -4%
5 P C 65<1505).U2 112«i|Vigorlt 2% 3% \
6 P C 65(1906). — 114% Sugar— !
aP C 65(1912). — 122 Hana P C 0.... 17 I.'*
IPClseg II — 107% ' Haw C&SC. 97 98% |
Spßr 6s — Hutch S P Co. 32 32% ,
8 V Wat 65.... — 116 Kilauea S Co. 29 30
S V Wat 45.... 104 V* 104% Makaweli S C. 47% —
«V W 4s(3dm)lot — Onomea S Co. 39% 39%
Stktn Gas 65.. 102% — Paauhau 8 P. 39% 39%
Water Stocks— ' Miscellaneous— _
I Contra Costa.. 77% 77% Al.Pac Assn..U.%llß
I Marin Co 60 — i>r l.d -Vka..250 —
Spring Valley. 101%102% Mer Ex Assn. — 105
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co. 89% 90
Capital Gas... - - iPacAF A.... l\ —
'Vntral G Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. — 140
Cent L & P... 6 7 Far Paint Co.. 8% —
Eqult G L. Co. 3% 5
Morning Session.
Board — ■
10 Contra Costa Water 77 25
6- . Contra Costa Water 77 00
85 Contra Costa Water 76 75
30 Contra Costa Water 76 50
90 Contra Costa Water 76 62%
100 Giant Powder Con 74 50
15 Giant Powder Con 74 37%
85 Hana Plantation Co 17 0)
150 Hutchlnson S P Co 32 00
125 Makawoli 47 87%
6 Oakland Gas .' 47 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 90 00
10 Oceanic S S C 0..... 89 87%
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 00
100 San Francisco Gaslight 3 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 00
$0000 S F & 8 J V bonds 114 75
5 S V Water 102 00
Street— •
100 Giant Pdwder Con 74 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
70 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75
150 Contra Costa Water 77 00
150 Contra Costa Water i 77 50
100 Contra Costa Water 77 37%
50 Giant Powder Con 74 75
60 Giant Powder Con 74 62%
30 Giant Powder Con, 8 30 74 50
20 Giant Powder Con '. ;. 74 50
225 Hana Plantation Co 17 00
815 Hutchlnson S P Co ;.. 32 12%
15 Oceanic S S Co 89 75
100 Onomea Sugar Co.. 39 50
350 Paauhau S P Co 4 , 39 12%
60 Pacific Coast Borax 135 00
57 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 25
300 San Francisco Gaslight..... 3 50
150 Vlgorit Powder. '. 300
S'SN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water 77 00
2". Market Street Railway 63 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 72 CO
100 Vigorlt Powder 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 116 75
70 Contra Costa Water ; 77 00
30 Giant Powder Con 74 75 i
10 Giant Powder Con 74 62%
20 Hutchinson SP Co *.. 32 00 ;
30 Makaweli 48 00
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 71 00
$2000 S V Water 4s (3d mortgage) 101 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran- '
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 09 200 Gould & Curry. 43 j
■ 50 Andes 23 100 Occidental 23;
100 Andes 24 300 Potosl .'2
300 Best A Belcher 50 100 Savage 23
600 Con New York. 02
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 57 100 Mexican 61
100 Challenge 32 600 Mexican 60
100 Choi lar 24 200 Ophlr ...115
50 Con Cal & V...2 15 200 Potosl 52
200 Crown Point... 30 100 Savage 24
100 Hale & Norcrs. 36 300 eg Belcher.... OS
100 Justice 09! 200 Utah 12
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
900 Alta 09 200 Confidence 94
50 Andes 22 400 Crown Point... 28
ISOO Andes 23 200 Crown Point... 2*
300 Andes 24 100 Gould & Curry. 43
400 Best & Belcher 56, 300 Justice 09 j
200 Chollar 24 200 Ophir 1 12%
200 Choi 25 1 100 Ophlr 110
100 Con Cal & V...2 10 : 300 Potosi 52
600 Con Cal & V...2 15 600 Sierra Nevada. 62 !
• 100 Confidence 93i
Afternoon Session.
, 100 Andes 24 100 Gould & Curry. 44 i
300 Chollar 25 200 Mexican 60 !
600 Con Cal & V.2 17%: 250 Ophir 1 12% i
' 200 Con Cal & V...2 15 100 Overman 12
100 Confidence 951 30 Sierra Nevada. 70 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. July 28—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. 1 Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice OS 09
Alta OS 10 Kentuck — 07
Andes 22 23 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Belcher 27 19 Mexican 69 60
Best & Belcher 56 57 Occidental 22 25
Bullion 08 09 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 6S 69 Overman 12 13
Chollar 24 25 Potosi 61 52
Challenge Con. 31 32! Savage 24 23
Confidence 92 95 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & V...2 15 220 Seg Belcher 07 08
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 63 64
Crown Point... 29 30 Silver Hill 02 03
Eureka Con — 60 —Syndicate 06 —
Con New York. — 03 Standard 260 —
Exchequer — 04 St Louis 10 —
Gould & Curry. 44 45 Union Con 38 40
Hale & Norcrs. 35 36 Utah 11 13
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 38 40
Female Thieves in Paris.
According to the Paris police there has
been a marked increase of late in the
number of women thieves in that city. It
seems they rannot resist the temptations
offered by the displays in the large shops.
ILLEGAL FISHING IN
MARE ISLAND SLOUGHS
CLEANING OUT THE WATERS
WITH UNLAWFUL NETS.
Sportsmen of Vallejo Protesting
Against Persistent Violations of
the L,aw by a Number of
Italian Fishermen.
Some years ago the Napa River and
sloughs whicn cut the marshes whore it
enters the bay were stocked with striped
bass by the Fish Commission, and ever
I since they have afforded sport to the rod
i men and steady occupation for the market
I fishermen. The market fishermen have
been overstepping the limit, however, and
unless stopped they are in a fair way to
clean the waters of that whole section out
of not only striped bass, but everything
else.
The law prohibits the use of "pocket
j nets and all nets with smaller than a four
! inch mesh. This allows all but fish
i weighing three pounds and over to es-
I cape. The pocket net is in extensive use
I around Vallejo, however, and the sports
men of Vallejo and the surrounding coun
try are raising a vigorous protest.
It is claimed then- are no less than eight
or ten boats, each worked by from three
to live men, that are working with nets
prohibited by law and made with ny sh^a
that would hardly let through a ftngerling.
It is known that one of these boats made
a haul of a thousand pounds a short time
I ago. and others have been as illegally
i The flsh are not sold in San Francisco
or in any of the bay towns. To avoid
danger of detection the fishermen ship
I them into the interior of the country to
I the small towns, where they are eagerly
looked for.
The criminal taking of fish is having its
effect upon the stock in the waters around
Vallejo and Mare Island. Where form-
I erly fish used to bite by the score, now
i they do not bite at all. Last year a rod
I and a hook was all that was necessary
| for a fishing trip; this year it requires
: time and a deckload of patience besides,
I and even then the angler must often he
satisfied with a few small fish. This is
•believed to be directly due to the wanmn
I destruction of fish of all kinds and sizes
j by the illegal fishermen of the river and
" The matter has been brought to the at
tention of the Sheriffs of Napa and Solano
counties, but so far they have caught no
one. There seems to be no game warden
In <-ith»r county to do any Investigating
1 or arresting, arid the fishermen ply their
I illegal trade without molestation. Those
I suspected are all Italians, and those seen
i from time to time by hunters who haunt
1 the tules have all been Italians. They go
I quietly about their work, but they make
' no secret of it, and they are out in day as
well as night. They have been fishing tne
sloughs since early spring and unless
stopped before the year is up they will
have made a clean sweep of it.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Lilly & w. Ind A M Willson. N T
\V \V Anderson, Sacto E X Willson, N V
\V H Cook L Ang J A Mclntlre. Sacto
E X Smart. Cal Mrs M SchtossWlß, Mo
F Canady &w, Xcv Mrs L Harlter. Mo
L Katter Stockton Mrs M Maurer, Mo
H T Smith S Lorenzo B Taylor, Cal
W Allen, S Mateo J B Hermann, Pa
W VanderMH. Cal H T Matthews. ( al
W P Mathews. Sacto B M Hykes, St Louis
C H Fairal! Stockton P P Veal. Martinez
R B Borland. Martinez Q A McElfresh, CaJ
C Jackson. Merced S X McAlpine, Peoria
J McCartney. Oakland A I> Kennedy, O
X J Kldrldse. Cal J F Lantzen, Salinas
Mrs Bo yd Sacto ;Mrs W J Quinlan. H C
I, Hurklialter. <'al Mrs X Parker, Eng
W H Bray Austin Mrs J E Rodley, Chlco
D C Mitchell, Moscow Mis* J Rodley, Chlco
i Miss F Brown. 11l f"W S Jam<>s. Gold Hill
i Miss H Hitchcock. 11l V W Hartley, Cal
C W Smith, S Maria J Readier, Sacto
J F Berry Klondike I Miss R Readier, Sacto
G J Amwe*. H 1 |W F. Slocum & W. Cal
F Lee, Seattle F B Clark. Sactp
M L Chase CblcagO C W Cadman. E'inole
H Rummelsburß, BltM Q E Crane & w. Cal
A H Tickell & w, Cal J F Schlingman. Cal
Mrs J A Apsley. Alma F W Bwanson, <"al
R W Walker, r a l S B Fulton, S Rosa
PALACE HOTEL.
M de Aries. Stockton C fanlct. Kanpus Clt?
J E Levi N V Mrs Canlet, Kan City
R Rohb, Boston J Rldenour, Kan City
Mrs Rr.ljh, Boston !B Wilson, Kansas City
| Mrß Fleming, L Ans Capt Matson, Honolulu
I Mrs Howard Ind C P Breslap, B Jose
| Mleb Marsh. 11l F L Orcutt. Sacto
J May New Orleans Cl> Stevens, Boston
A H'Bancker, Ga Mrs A Binßham. i"al
H T Bowles. NY H W BinKham. Cal
i F H Brooks. Pa i tinker. Riverside
: Mrs Smith. N V Miss Ransom, Knell
' Mrs Gorman. N V Mi.-s Sturp*>. EnsrUnn
Miss Gorman. N V Miss Graham. England
! Mrs Miller. Wash W Seattie, Mass
Miss Garratt, Wash Mrs Seattle, Mass
J C Rave, Boston 'H FriodlaJider. Rneld
I W Madison. S Mateo G Pop*. Brooklyn
I P Remillard, Oaklaml II Rosrnbaum. N* V
! B X Myers. Oakland T O'Reilly, St Louis
; 3 N Lyon, S Cruz Mrs O'Reilly. St Louis
T O'Donnell Seattle B 0 Kraus. N V
W Graham. Hnntord C Howard. N V
W Hardison. Hanfonl Mrf= Howard. N V
J^-A Muir, L Ang A B Cohen. Mo
I Rheinstrom. Clnn L BurkhaHf>r. Mfl
: Mrs Rheinstrom. Clnn J Shafer. Pittshurg
R Rheinstrom. Clnn E Glidden, Boston
S Ridenour. Kan City C M Porter, Balto
Mrs Ridenour. Kan <"v
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C C Young & w, O O A Bremer & f. r al
I Mrs Lamb. 11l B Par.-y. Rio Vista
! H Williams, S Piego J A McKinnorT. 11l
! Miss M Gmves, 111 J Gately. Stockton
' Mrs H Carl, O W Farmer & w. < - al
; h Carl O Miss H R Bacon. N T
' M E Warner, Mo N 3 Stewart, Fa
H O Smith & f Ky S V Worthinßton, 111
A B Fullmer, Ky Miss Pixley. Kan
N P Dootey, Nev I Miss E Pixley. Cal
O F Downes, 0 I
WHOLE VILLAGE
Placed on Wheels and Moved to a
New and Better Site.
The residents of Goldenbridgo. in North
ern Westchester County, moved their vil
lage recently. The entire town, whlcn
Is on wheels, is now one mile farther
east than it was. The town will take an
other jaunt of a mile to-day before it
reaches its destination.
Goldenbrid-ge is. or was. in the north
east corner of Westchester County. Re
cently the New York Aqueduct Commis
i sioner condemned the town and notified
the residents that they would have to
I move.
Several of the old settlers who j*rew up
; with Goldenbridge did not approve of the
! idea of letting the town be wiped out of
I existence. After a consultation it was
i/locided that a committee should find a
place to which to move the village. The
j committee chose a picturesque hill two
miles east. , _ , .
Wednesday was moving day. Early in
1 the morning workmen started in to ele
vate the houses and place th^m on wheels.
Every team of horses and yoke of oxen
were brought into commission, and tho
job of moving the town was commenced.
Houses and barns were drawn along the
country roads toward the new site. The
furniture and sometimes the people stayed
right in the houses.
The village churches also joined the pro-
Cf.osion. The old Goldenbridge Cemetery,
which has been in existence for over a
century, will also be moved.— New fork
World.
Sense of Humor.
I have met men who could not get
through the duel scene in "The Rivals,"
or the trial scene in "Pickwick." but
who»e lungs would crow like Chanticleer
if one's hat was blown away, or one
dropped one's umbrella in the mud. I
have heard men tell the dreary tale how
a cobbler, reading the motto. "Mens sibi
conscia recti." over a rival 9 door, offered
to the public "Men's and women'R sibi
conscia recti." I have been myself ac
cused of having no sense of humor be
cause I submitted that that was a dis
mal attempt at humor and "most tragical
mirth " I have met men and women
(but more men) who could sco no humor
in Lewis Carroll or in Edward Lear. I
cannot see the slightest reason for ascrib
ing to women an inferior appreciation of
humor On the other hand, I am in
clined to believe that in the highest kind
of humor in English literature a woman
occupies a very pre-eminent position in
deed.—The Cornhill.
No Escape for Fortune.
"Fortune will smile upon ns!" cries
Francois. .
Gabrilla nestles upon his bosom.
"Ah. yes. if we are very, very spooney
Fortune simply can't keep her face
straight." the young girl exclaims, cour
ageously.
Whosoever villainously essays to thwart
the course of true love Is likely soon to
find himself up against it harder than it
thunders in San Domingo.— Detroit Jour
nal.
Educational Influence.
"Going abroad is education, isn't it?"
"I think so; it makes peonle whn ...\~>~.
back undertake to educate ?Se^people who
haven t been abroad. " H vie wao
1314
MISS CAMPBELL HAS
CONFESSED HER GUILT
Mailed the Poisoned Cherries to
Herself to Hurt Her Rival.
The Police Trace the Purchase of the Arsenic, Basket
and Candy -The Law Provides No Penalty
for the Woman's Serious Offense.
CHIEF OF POLICE LEES has fin- ]
..... . . , 
ished his investigation of the
Rathom-Carnpbell affair, out of !
which a morning paper absurdly .
attempted to construct a melo-
dramatic master:. The results attain-
cd by Chief Lees are simply corrobora- ;
tive of the facts as published exclusive- (
!y in The Call on July 8. There was. as j
The. Call declared then, no mystery in !
the rase. The box and cherries were j
purchased by Miss Flounce Campbell.
She poisoned some of the fruit, address-
ed the package to herself. using for the j
purpose an envelope addressed to her j
by Mrs Rathom and mailed the box to !
610 Ellis street. i
--' When she again received the box she .
opened it and gave some of the cherries ;
to Mrs. Scheib, eating some herself and I
takir.g care that the poisoned cherries!
were out of reach. Neither she nor j
Mrs. Scheib was poisoned, but both i
were made ill by copious draughts of !
mustard. The entire scheme was plan-
ned by Miss Campbell, with a hope that j
she could so frighten Mrs. Rathom that \
she would not use Miss Campbell as j
the co-respondent in the suit for di- •
vorce against Rathom. !
Kg P«b..Cy had been s,ven to the j
disagreeable affair, Chief Lees deter |
mined to probe it to the bottom. He
discovered certain important facts and j
then confronted Miss Campbell with |
what he had found. She saw that there {
was absolutely no chance of escape and )
confessed the whole plot.- She had been (
caught in her own trap, and while seek- i
ingf to avoid notoriety had been over- i
whelmed by it as one of the principals i
in a domestic scandal.
After persistent inquiry the police
learned that Miss Campbell had pur-
chased the Japanese box. in which the
cherries were sent, at the store of M |
McKINLEY'S ADVISER
ARRIVES IN TOWN
SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE JAMES WILSON.
A MAN high in the councils of the nation Is at the Palace. He is Sec-
Vgriculture James Wilson, a member of Presldeni McKinley'a
He arrived last night from Oregon In the private car "Cali
d will depart for Los Angeles ihis afternoon to address a
era i • city. He will then return t<> Ban Fran
cisco time !n this city fulfilling the mission which brought
him h
son comes on a tour of investigation and has for his ob
n of information which may help him to thoroughly under-
Btand the farming conditions of the far West and provide the best means Uj
• c tn< m.
A 1 Red tary was ni"t by Paris Commissioner E. W. Run
■■})•< accompanied him to this city. En route the party stopped at Sac
ramentr;, v . were entertained by tt:<' local Board of Trade, and at
the Vina ra h, where they were shown through the famous Stanford
wineries.
When seen last evening in his apartments at the hotel the Secretary
proved to be a dignified, courteous : email, a. thorough farmer and a mail
■with a great .store of information pertaining to agriculture. He spoke strong
ly asainst the present system of .at raising in California, which, he
claims. If persisted in will result In sterility of the soil.
"This continual allowing or the earth so as - produce a crop every two
years has been discontinued in all the older farming countries of the world
and should er-asi: in this Slate," Lid Mr. Wilson. "The continual work
ing over of the hoi! will soon greatly exhaust its productive qualities, re
duce its fecundity, and the result will he that in time you will have no -tod
at i'.U to speak Oi. and one of your greatest sources of wealth will have
ceased to exist In lowa we would not dream of sowing successive crops of
wh<s'it or oats. \\ c work them In rotation— wheat, oats corn— and in be
tween we raise forage and milk-producing Krasses. This gives the ground a.
'■ ' s V n n r-« r 1 - 1 ; 1 * re *" :lT ' ; ' d ,>>> the growth of a dairy business that now amounts
to $40.1 .00 a year, You people out here should do the same You should
never fallow your ground at all. It is the greatest mistake possible."
The Secretary also pays there Is a big mistake being made in the manner
in which irrigation is being carried on. He says that too much water is as bad
as too little. When a superabundance is applied to the ground it brings to
the surface an over quantity of alkali, and the result Is a greatly reduced
crop.
"One of the greatest problems you have on your hands '.' continued tho
Secretary. "is the Irrigation of your semi-arid lands. Our department now has
agricultural parks in the Walla Walla and othei valleys of Southern Wash
ington and Eastern Oregon, where we are Ptudving the question of a practical
manner, as well as experimenting with various foreign and domestic grasses
to see which are best suited for forage, purposes to be raised on the barren
ranges thai have been created all through these western and northern coun
tries by neglect and improper irrigation methods."
The ■-■ ■ strong expansionist, and painted in glowing colors the
Kr,r,.\ that would come from the permanent acquisition of t):<- Philippines
Muih of the Information upon which he bases his optimistic opinions was ob
tanied from Special Commissioner S. A. Knsipp. wha Bpeni a few days in the
vlncinity of Manila and th^n reported on the conditions. Bocial, political and
racial, of tiie- country and its inhabitants, as well as upon Its agricultural out
look. H<- predicts a great future for the beet BUgar industry, and says that
within a comparatively short time there will be fifty factories in operation
• y will be able to furnish only one-quarter of the sugar required to sup
•.:■- the demand in this country.
In the hothouses of Washington the department has 14,000' tea plants in
pots, with which ha intends to experiment in every State where the climatic
conditions are favorable. Upon his return from Los Angeles the Secretary
will be entertained by the State Board of Trade and the Union League Club.
He is ;m yet undecided as to his future movements.
Secretary Wilson is accompanied on his trip by his son, J. W. Wilson, and
hie daughter, Miss Wilson.
Shibata at 917 Market street. The r>re
served cherries were bought at the Em
porlum and the arsenic was secured at
the drugstore of Thomas F. Blake, at
416 Third street. Both the druggist
and the Japanese Identified Miss Camp
ben«, thewoman^ho made^the pur-
Migs Campi,n pave her name as Mrs.
•)• j} White and her residence as 460
Harrison street. An Investigation
showed that there is no house with
such a number on the street.
ri^%^^^^r^^^n
S))m(1 of thi, candies! with a knife. These
p O|sohed cherries she was careful to
place In the bottom of the box so there
would i" adsolutely no danger of their
being eaten. It -was her purpose sin;
gj^c-JJt t^Ung^ttat Mrs.
rj > Q make this impression a belief, if not
a conviction, Mrs. Rathom's handwrit
|ng was used on the address. Miss
Campbell had then completed her silly
plot.
When she opened the package, which
.£ SSek^s^nS
beH feared that pome po|son might
nave entered into the fruit which she
had eaten and she took an antidote and
some mustard, insisting also that Mrs.
Schelh do the same The result was
th« SRtSTSS&JSLi KfiK
st,nj(, as a matte of course, was found
jin some of them.
The expose followed, but it was not
what Miss Campbell expected. It was
the expose of her shame. She stub
hornly denied that she had any guilty
knowledge of the affair until she wad
confronted with the evidence by the po
lice. Then she confessed the facts as
related and the affair was over, Chief
of Police Lees says that he cannot ar
rest the woman as there is absolutely
nothing in the law to cover or charac
terize her offense. This was demon
strated in the Botkin case.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 29, 1899.
TROOPS TO BE
RECEIVED WITH
MILITARY POMP
Fighting First to Be
Highly Honored.
GREAT PREPARATIONS MADE
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE WILL
HAVE FULL CHARGE.
Decides to Make the Home-Coming
of the California Boys a Notable
Event — Grand Military
Demonstration.
The reception which will bo armrdfd j
i the First California Volunteera and the
; California Heavy Artillery nn thrir home
coming promises tfi exceed even the
dreams of the most enthusiastic. Interest
in the arrangements which have already
been made by the Native Sons and
Daughters for the reception of the Fight
ing First was given fresh impetus yes
terday at a conference of the executive
committee, consisting of M. H. de Young. I
A. M. Lawrence and YV. J. Martin, repre- i
■ senting W. S. Leake, with the Native ,
Sons and I >aughters. representatives of j
the military authorities, both national j
j and 1 State; the friends and relatives of!
: the soldier boys and other citizens. The j
meeting was held in the chambers of the
Board of Supervisors, and Mayor Phelan
presided.
In opening the meeting Mayor PhelaJi I
; that its primary purpose was to
j create a spirit of absolute harmony
among the different bodies, committees
and individuals Interested in making the
reception t.> the California hoys an event
in their lives which they shall never for
get.
Patriotic spirit and enthusiasm fairly
! coursed through the veins of everybody
present, and if the plans of those most
deeply concerned in the reception are only
lair realized the celebration over the re
turn of California's gallant regiment will I
: • : • ihaps the most notable event in the
I history ol the Slate.
It was practically decided to have a
grand night parade shortly after the ar
rival (if th.' regiment • that will surpass
jany military demonstration ever held in
ttiis city. Organizations from all the
- hboring towns will be in line.
The lack of knowledge "f the exact time
the Sherman and her cargo of Califor
nia's brave sons will pass through the !
Golden Gate played havoc with all sug
i gestions cone* rning the time of holding
tin big demonstration.
Through General Seaman?, General
: Shatter sent tin- suggestion that it would
be mor< advisable and convenient both
for the military authorities and the troops
to all to proceed direct to tne
Presidio on i ; : ■ ; r arrival here, and hold
id.- parade the day after or at any time
in be decided at the discretion of the
I committee.
A large delegation representing the or
ganization of friends and relatives of the
California boys, headed by their chair
man, C. W. Moore.s, was present, and
they stated through him that tiny in
tended to banquet the boys on the morn
ing of their return. If they arrive at j
night or late in the afternoon General I
Shatter will keep them on the transport!
until the next morning. This will give
the committee and the public an oppor- ;
tunity to get matters In shape for their
reception.
Jt was agreed that the relatives of the
boys should have- precedence over all
others, and as soon as the regiment leaves
the transport they will marcti to the* ferry
building, where their relatives will serve
them with a hearty breakfast. Harbor
i Commissioners Paris Kilhurn. Major Har
ney and Rudolph Herold generously stated
! that they would place tne ferry bunding,
I tugs, whistles and, in fact, everything j
that would be of service to the commit
tee at their disposal. Assistant Chief
Wharfinger Dryden. who did much to ,
make the reception of the Oregon troops
a success, displayed marked Interest In
preparations for the reception. Mr.
Dryden has been working like a beaver In I
conjunction with Congressman Julius!
Kahn to a< cord the Nebraskana and the
Utah Battery a hearty reception when
they arrive here either to-day or to-mor
row.
At the suggestion of Nathan Dohrmann,
president ol the Merchants' Association,;
the matter of collecting finances was
taken up. Supervisor Byington, repre
senting the Native Sons, arose and stated
that the Native Sons and Daughters al
ready had a reception fund of $2000, and
they hoped to realize fully $r.n<i more on an
entertainment which will be held in Na
tive Sons' Hall on the evening of August
2. John P. Dockery stated that the medal
committee of the Native Sons and Daugh
ters had alreadj collected jiu'Wij from
downtown merchants.
On motion of Congressman Kahn, the
executive committee was autliorised u>
appoint a special finance committee to
collect fund." to hold a celebration such as
has been outlined above. There is little
danger that this appeal will not be re
sponded to -vali alacrity, as in everj sec
tion of the city a deep Interest is being
manifested in the preparations for the
celebration of the Californa boys return.
The executive committee was also em
powered to appoint all sub-committeea
deemed necessary to makp the celebration
a success and, in fact, assume the entire
responsibility of the celebration.
Samuel Friedlander, the genial manner
of the California Theater, volunteereii to
place the theater and its attraction :.t
the disposal of the commute, any nmlit
that suited its pleasure. A. M. Lawreuce
stated that Mr. Meyerfield. proprietor of
the Orphcum, had informed him that tuo
Orpheum was also willing to give a per
formance for the benefit of the fund.
Moth announcements were roundly ap
plauded.
After the adjournment of the meeting I
the committee members met downstairs j
In the Mayor's ofliee and proceeded at '
once to make arrangements for the recep
tion of all troops due here. They decided
to semi ;l band of music out on the Gov
ernor Jrwin when the tug goes out on her
mission of welcome with Nebraska's Gov
ernor and other State officials, who came
here to welcome their regiment.
At the suggestion of Mrs. Harrington,
president of the Red Cross Society, the
committee decided to purchase a lartre
tent to be erected in t'nion Bauare for
the convenience of returning volunteers
and discharged soldiers. A banking sys
tem will be inaugurated whereby the sol
dier boys can protect their hard earner!
money from their own weaknesses and
the wiles of local sharpers and confidence
men.
Arnotier those who were present at the
nference were: Congressman Kahu
Paris Kilburn. Maior P. J. Harncy, W.
J. Martin. C. W. Moores. Charles L. Pat
ton. James I. Dbckery, Nathan Dohr
mann, John T. Qrean< y. Judge Dunne.
Harry T. Mulcreavj*. Adjutant General
Seamans, General Dickinson. Sheriff vfar
tin. Franklin K. Lane and Colonel W. P.
Sullivan.
REGULARS WILL PARADE
General Shafter Orders Troops
to Escort the Nebraskans.
The Nebraska volunteers are expected
to arrive on the transport Hancock some
time to-day, and Major General Shafter
has issued orders for all the troops in the
garrison here who can be spared from
their duties to parade in honor of the re
turning veterans. Troop F. Sixth Cav
alry; Light Battery < ; and Heavy Batter
ies I and O. Third Artillery, from the Pre-
Bldio, and Battery N of the Third Artil
lery, from Angel Island, together with
the Third Artillery band, will be at the
dock when the Nebraskans debark and es
cort them to the Presidio Reservation.
The Oregonians. it is expected, will also
participate in the parade.
Governor John R. Tanner of Illinois and
Mrs. Tanner visited the Presidio and Fort
Point yesterday morning- as the guests of
Major Noble of General Shafter'B staff.
A salute of seventeen guns was fired in
the Governor's honor by order of General
Shafter.
The citizens of Portland must abandon
the Idea of entertaining the Second Ore
gon Volunteers as a regiment. The ma
jority of the Webfoot fighters will leave
San Francisco on a special train for their
homes on the day after they are mustered
"BRICK" McPHERSON
CHAFES BEHIND BARS
Says He Gave Many Bonds U Law=
yers Brown and Thorne.
Ex Policeman Clisham Secures His Own Release on
Bail and Smoot Sends Word He Is Almost
Ready to Surrender Himself.
BRICK" McPHERSON appears to be
In hard luck. He Is still behind
the bars of the City Prison, while
his alleged fellows in the "dope
dream" smuggling ronspirary are
breathing all the airs of liberty.
Thomas J. Clisham. alias Davip. the ex
policeman, accused by "Brick" and At
torney I. N. Thome of having embezzled
untold sums of their coin, was released
yesterday from custody on $I<W bail, his
sureties being Daniel Powers of 6 Lexing
ton avenue and Thomas McLaughlln of
3077 Eighteenth street. Edgar N. Smoot,
CHARLES McDOUGALL, OF THE DOPE-DREAM GANG.
In all of his operations against a gullible public "Brick" McPherson found an
;tlil> lieutenant in MrDougall." So far It -has not been proved that his hand was
shown tn any of the victims who are now complaining against his chief, but
If Lawyer Harvey Brown ever gets the right line on McPherson it is certain that
McDougail wil go to jail.
the Larkin street saloon keeper, and W.
EC Berry, alias Elmert. the two other
members of the quartet charged by Mrs.
William W. Carroll of having relieved
her ot a sum of money by false pre
tenses, have not as yet been apprehended,
although It is pretty certain that the sa
loon man will surrender himself this
morning. The whereabouts of Elmert is
still unknown to the police.
Intentionally or not, Smoot has lent the
humorous side to the "dope dream" con
spiracy. He dreads life behind the bars.
and, dreading it, is taking even,' means to
make his stay in custody as short as pos
sible. The warrant for his arrest has
been out since the day before yesterday,
•but, according to the police, he has not
been seen by any of them. They are un
der the impression that he is out of town,
but believe that he will come In and de
liver himself to-day.
If the police have been unable to see
Smoot since the issuance of the warrant
others have been more observant. Any
number of people have not only seen but
out, but probably 60 per cent will drop off
en mute as their homes arc reached.
The departure, of the transport Indiana
with B<x) recruits for the Philippines has
been postponed until Monday.
Private John F. Gassaway, Troop * ,
Sixth Cavalry, convicted by court-martial
of accidentally killing a comrade, has been
sentenced to four months' Imprisonment
at hard labor and to forfeit $10 per month
of his pay for that period.
Private John V. Kimball of the army
hospital corps has been sentenced to six
months' Imprisonment and to forfeit $10
per month of his pay for that period for
being absent without leave.
RETURN OF THE BOYS.
What Is Being Done to Greet the
California Volunteers Upon
Their Arrival Here.
The Invitations to the several hundred
organizations in this city— that is. the
subordinate bodies of the various orders
were being tilled out yesterday and were
mailed as .won as possible after they had
been addressed. From the conversations
thai have been had with those in a posi
tion to know it Is believed that almost
every order will be represented in line
and that then- will be a greater number of
people on parade than ever before in this
city.
A great deal of anxiety has been ex
pressed by relatives of men in the return
ing regiment that the proposed banquet
by the committee will interfere with ar
rangements that the relatives have under
wey. The grand marshal assured some
who called at headnuarters yesterday
that their plans would In no way be inter
fered with. It is the purpose of the rela
tives to give the boys a spread at the Pre
sidio immediately after the parade In
this arrangement the committee of the
Native Sons and Daughters will not Lave j
anything to say.
The following named are the committee
that has the management of the minstrel
show to be given to raise funds for the
reception expenses: H. P\ Lilk^ndVy,
chairman; Henry B. Faure. secretary,
and C. H. Turner, treasurer; Mrs. Ella
Wehe, Miss Birdie Mayer. Mrs. E. G. Fo
ley. Miss E. McAllisttr. Mrs. J. H. Cod
dington. Mrs. EL ML French. Miss Martha
McFarland. Mrs. A. Levy, Miss L.
<;..«tze. Frank Mordecai, H. Morton, O.
Blaekman. L. Nonneman, G. Nlppert and
J. Kullman.
The programme will include a number
of new features, one of which is being
rehearsed in* private, and even the com
mittee has not been apprised of the char
acter of the surprise that Is to be spuing
on the audience. Among- those who ;ii" to
take part arf Dr. W. H. Sieberst, whc will
be the interlocutor; W. J. Hynes, A. K.
Hawkins. Mcl Furst. Fritz Glocker, J.
S. Eagan, H. F. T.llkendey, A. R. V'augh.
D. F. Nunan and the Knickerbocker
faiked with him in his p.iloon both yester
day and the day before. Only to the de
tectives has he denied himself. He has
been courteous enough, however, to cheer
them up from time to time with communi
cation* through his attorney, Thomas
Madden, to the effect that he was only
waiting until collection rlay passed, so
that he could Ret his friends together on
his bond and secure release from custody
the moment the warrant is served upon
him. Early yesterday morning Madden
{promised the detectives that he would
produce his man by 1 o'clock in the after-
noon. One o'clock came, and 2 o'clock.
When Madden showed up with an apology
for rhe non-materialization of Smoot, but
with the assurance that the saloon keeper
would he on deck In the morning. On this
assurance the detectives are resting, al
though the general impression was last
night that a descent upon the cellar of
Smoot's saloon would have been rewarded
by the capture of the man.
If Smoot is any sort of a man at all he
will not abuse the credulity of the San
Francisco police force. It is the easiest
thins that^ever came over the pike, and
It would be almost as bad as robbing chil
dren to deceive it again. He should be
grateful for the consideration that has
been shown him and at least appear in
handcuffs.
The cases against Smoot, McPherson
and Cllsham will probably be set Monday
morning for hearing, at least that is the
indication the court gave when it had
"Brick" and the putative "Davis" before
it yesterday morning. The two prisoners
were brought in from their cells shortly
Quartet. A dance will be gfrven after the
p rug ram me.
A FILIPINO APPEAL.
The Actors From Manila Ask to Be
Allowed to Land and Pro
ceed to Omaha.
The fifteen Filipinos who arrived on the
Indiana en route to the Omaha Exposi
tion are ehating under their apparently
unnecessary detention by United States
Immigration Commissioner North. They
ciime here as actors to give representa
tions of the songs, dress and customs of
their country, and are surprised that
there should be so much delay in their
ca^e when other bodies of similar actors
have been freely admitted. They have
addressed a letter to The Call, of which
the following is a translation from the
Spanish:
To the Editor- of The Call— My Dear Sir:
The Filipinos who arrived on the 216t mst. by
the steamer Indiana respectfully salute you
and ki?s your feet. The object of the present
writing is on account of the Imprisonment we
have been -obliged to suffer here without
knowing its cause, and for the purpose of
callins to your distinguished consideration
ourselves with the request that you will have
the kindness to insert these lines in your 11
--lustrous journal In order that they may reach
the ears of the respectable Governor of this
State, who we trust, without doubt, will char
itably grant us our speedy release.
For thi3 reason we ask this courtesy of
you, hoping that you may grant it to the
Filipinos, who are your most humble ser
vants. JOSE MIRANDA,
Representing the Party.
NATIONAL GUARD NOTES.
An Old Order in a New Form Issued.
No Revoking of Discharges.
The question of the power of the Adju-
t ant General to employ R. L. Peeler, ex
j assistant adjutant general, as a clerk to
do certain work in connection with the
guard, having been submitted to the At-
I torney General, the assistant attorney
I general, to whom the matter was referred.
■ has -lied an opinion to the effect that the
i Adjutant General has the power to ap
point, consequently the appointment was
legal and the clerk is entitled to his
salary.
The Adjutant General has issued a gen
i eral order that all men who wish to en
list in the guard must undergo a physical
! examination similar to that had for the
: regular army. Several months ago, be
! fore Mr. Seamans was selected by Gov
ernor Gage's political partner. Dan
i-lurns. for the important position he now
i fills, there was an order of similar import
and all the men who are now in the
guard were in accordance with that order
examined, and the order has never been
revoked. The query is why a new one
Hales. I jSgr,^.
„ The Celebrated JjST^S7 Tffl m School Sup-
market affords. /ff/ JMl{ -^^^ pencils, etc.; In
fitted, qua ran- JNtf CMnOt^*^ fact, nearly
tee _f cl «aned ■*—* -fc """* r. n *^ everything In
ana mended tree _- - _ _ *,/\r»i «n unlike;
of charge; a com- 93",, 937, 939, " 041, *£?£ • the te«
plete line of 9+3. 945, 947 £§£
colors and sizes.. »4«*. 945, J*< books.
...Ifl.OO a pair m/%RKET STREET.
school valises and hosiery ZrTi: 0
values our clean-up has shown. They're savers. Don't miss them.
one in valises.
Club Bags, for lunch or school books, olive colored, pressed alli-
gator or sheep's skin club bags, brass lock and catches, inside
pocket.
10 inches, 45c; 12 inches, 55c; 14 inches, 68c; 16 inches, 78c.
(The above is one of the strongest values we have ever offered in our
leather department. We call particular attention to the size of the bag and
the workmanship and materials on them )
another In stockings.
1200 pairs of Ladies' Imported, Full-Finished Cotton Hose,
not the usual flimsy cotton hose, but fine, full length and elas-
tic, double soles, high double heels, a good stocking for 25c, dark
ox blood shades, sizes 8 1-2 to 10. The strongest value our hos-
iery department has given out for many a day. A feature at
Hale's until, sold . 10c a pair
(The above stockings will be sold in reasonable quantities to customers,
none to dealers) •
miscellaneous snaps for Saturday.
Percale Shirt Waists— 3o dozen fine Percale Shirt Waists, in all
the new shades, insertion fronts and up to the minute in cut. fit
and finish. There is not a waist in the lot that should sell_for less
than $1 25. A snap for every buyer . 73c each
Children's School Jackets, age 4 to 12 years, red or blue; a neat
little garment, prettily made and a perfect fit; just the thing for
school; 30 in the lot; cut to close 8»c each
Fancy Cotton Hammocks, with a pillow and steel stretcher; 72-
-inch bed; the regular $1 50 hammock, to be closed out, beginning
to-day i>Sc each
Hale's 2-Clasp Pique Walking Glove— A real French kid in all
the latest shades; a perfect fitting glove and a glove^that will
give good service. On sale at Hale's Jjvl 3O a pair
500 yards of Black Veiling in Russian, Tuxedo and • Brussels
net, plain or dotted; colored chenille dots of assorted shades, also
a large line of wash veils. These are new arrivals. At Hale's
li.*»<! a yard
to blame for yesterday's crowd.
These are the items that made Hale's so busy yesterday. A few left to-day.
We have still a few left of the !£.■»<• Corsets that created such
a rush in our store yesterday. We advise an early call for this
Item.
We have also a lot of liibbons advertised yesterday in the fol-
lowing assortments:
3Vo-inch Taffeta Ribbon jit yd
Satin and Qrosgraii* Ribbon, Nos. 3. 4, 5 4c and 1 lie yd
Satin and Grosgrain Ribbon, in light colors .*?<? yd
Grosgrain Ribbon, pure silk, Nos. 3, 5 and 7 lit; yd
before 10 o'clock and managed to secure
seats in the courtroom as far from each
other as» the law allowed. There Is no love
lost between "Brick" and the man for
whom he swore OUt th- warrant, and the
police are pleased to note that the same
spirit of hostility haa colored the ■:■
relations of "Brick" and Smoot. I n- y
augur from this that somebody should let
the cat out of the bag for the Rood of the
community and the utter undoing of the
C °Harvey Brown, who has dealt longer
with "Brick" than any of the others, and
who draws a salary of &*"*> a year from
the Southern Pacific law department, ap
peared in court fur his only other client,
the chipf of the "dope dream" Rang.
While Isaac N. Thorne and ex-Policeman
Clisham and Smoot ami Mr. and Mrs.
Carroll and everybody else have had their
eves opened to the real character ol
"Brick" Mcl'herson. Brown still prol
to see nothing but pood in the man who
has served part of on.' term in San Quen
tin for swindling and seems destined t
put in all of another. The Impression
gaining ground that ho will not see an
more than the police have found it neces
Bary to see Smoot.
Even Judge Treadwell took occasion t
announce early in the preliminary pr<
eeedings that ho thought the assoclalip
of the lawyers mentioned in the conspir
acy and the conspirators was peculiar.
"There are a good many lawyers mixr
up in this matter." he said, "and ther
has been considerable comment about 1
Th'\v plead the relation of attorneys 1
clients and refuse to let in any light o
matters under investigation."
Messrs. Brown and Thorne took occa
alon to overlook this "observation of tl
curt and no more was said on the sul
Ject Brown asked the court, aftt
"Brick" MePherson and Clisham had bee
arraigned and instructed, that his clien
be placed on trial at once. Some obje
tion was made to this, and it was final!
decided by the court that the date ot tl
preliminary hearing go over tor setting
till Monday morning. J. N E. \\ Uson.
for Clisham, asked that the bail for his
client be reduced, and In consideration of
the fact that Clisham had come back
without a light the court lowered it to
$1000
' At this stage of the proceedings Prose
cuting Attorney Carpenter called the at
tention of the court to the fact that all
the p-irties concerned in procuring that
warrant were present in court. He took
this occasion to refute utterly the insinu
ations, attributed to the court and as ;
promptly denied by Judge Treadwell, that ,
there had been hocuspocus In the ma
nipulations of the complaint.
"AH the parties to that complaint, he I
said "Isaac N. Thorne, who drew it up.
and A. W. McPherson, who signed and
BWOre to it. are here present, and I ask
that they be questioned concerning it.
Judge Treadwell asked McPherson If he
was the person that had sworn to that
complaint. "Brick" admitted that he was.
"Look at that man," he said, pointing i
had to be issued from superior bead
quarters.
An order has been issued to command
ers of companies not to revoke the dis
charges of men who have been discharged
and allowing them to return to the ranks.
thereby giving them credit for continuous
service.
SOLDIERS WERE THE GUESTS.
Last right was soldiers' night at the
Orpheum and the sick and wounded were
the theater's guests. They came in in two
big squads under the leadership of a hos
pital steward, and they filled a section of
seats that stretched from one side of the
theater to the other and took up ten or
twelve of the rows.
The Crpheum management had extended
to the men who came in on the Morgan
City the courtesies of the house for an
evening. There were at least three hun
dred of them. They came early and stayed
until the last, and they smoked Orpheum
cigars and drank beer at the theater"s
expease. and had a good time generally.
Those who knew nothing of the reception
wore surprised at first at the number of
soldiers in the audience, but it was ex
plained from the stage that the Orpheum
\v;is host and the men were guests, and
then the band struck a medley of national
airw. There were cheers and shouts as
each new favorite was given, and then
at the opening chords of the "Red, White
and Blue" the lines of blue and brown
rose, and the audience rose, too. and the
last 3f the stirring old tune was drown. .1
in cheers. It was the same when the
"Star-Spangled Banner" was played, and
when the flag was unfurled from the stage
the ceiling shook with the din.
After the show the men were marshaled
under the hospital steward again and the
cars took them back to the Presidio.
Town Talk.
The reason the public takes to Town
Talk is because It is always sure to lir.d
all original matter in this weekly. Town
Talk is entirely original, and there is
never a bit of reprinted matter In its '
columns, unless ;i verse from some an- '
cient poet, or a magazine paragraph
quoted for editorial comment. This week
Town Talk contains several original
verses and no less than three clever
sketches, besides many jokelets and bits
of interesting miscellany. The Saunterer's
pages are bestrewn with exclusive news
of social, club and political happenings,
out of town news from San Diego, Camp
Meeker, Santa Cruz and other places, all
written in the entertaining and vivacious
style for which Town Talk is famous.
The worlds of law. literature, stage and
music are well cared for by their re
spective writers, and a number of beau- i
tlful halftones appear in the issue. Ma- ;
dame de Pasquali as Marguerite is on the i
title page. * i
to Clisham. "and tell the court if he is
Thomas K. Davis."
"I don't know," was the reply, made
without even the barest glance at Clish
am.
"Well," said the Judge. "I will let the
matter go over till Monday, and by that
time I can determine whether or not I
will withdraw the warrant."
McPherson and CUsham were then
taken hack to the City Prison, from -which
the ex-policeman was released an hour
later upon the approval of his bond.
During the day M.pherson had a number
of callers, including- Harvey Brown and
('harles McDougall, who was closer than
; mortar to "Brick" in all his schemes, and
who. more than likely, will lie proceeded
agair,>*t criminally before the matter is
dropped. In the evening Mrs. McPherson
called on ber husband and spent an hour
j in his company, most of the time in tears.
At various times during the day it was
i evident to the merest onlooker tnat
! "Brick" was growing weary of detention
in prison, and had ceased to hope that
| any of his fair-weather friends would
come to his rescue with bail money. He
manifested his disgust to Detective Oih
| son, of whom he inquired whether or not
any of the fellows were squealing-, threat
j ening If they did to do a little squealing
himself. He also confided the cheering
1 information to the detective that he had
, given to Attorneys Brown and Thorne not
: less than JlOU.uuu worth of United States
! bonds each.
The story latks confirmation, but the
: police have received some corroboration
; of a part of the story told by Clisham. to
the effect that he had been given a "power
if attorney to collect moneys in China
town for "Brick" McPherson. The cor
roboration came in the mails from the
Chief of Police of Portland. Or., who had
forwarded, among other papers found in
■ the possession of "Davis." or Clisham, the
i following, written by the hand of Tsaac
N. Thorne and signed by A. W. MePher
»in. It reads:
Kn.>w all men by these presents, that I. Alex
ander W. McPberson of the city and county of
Pan Francisco, have made, constituted and ap
pointed, and by these presents do make. . . >n-
Fiitut* and appoint R. D. Davis of the same
place my true and lawful attorney for me and,
in my name, place and stead t>> collect and re
ceive and receipt for all moneys and goods n< w
in the hands of Chan <"hlnt?, Kirn Lim. Ah Loy
and Song Wo due to me, to my use and for my
benefit.
Dated this 2Cth day of June. 1899.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand, the day and year above set forth In
presence of I. N. Thorne.
fSlgned.) ALEX W. McPHERSO.v
The detectives yesterday put in most of
their time in a search for victims of the
"dope dream" gang, the principals in
which seem to be McPherson and Me-
Dougall, and they have a long list of wit
nesses in addition to those already men
tioned by The Call who will take the
stand and testify substantially to the
same effect concerning the operations of
the conspirators.
■ Pmf 3 i«
OUR SATURDAY'S SPECIALS.
GRANULATED best cane SUGAR
- 20 lbs $1.00
This Sugar is the very tx st extra dry
from the Western Refining Company,
EXTRA Choice Creamery BUTTER.
Take advantage. Regular 40c squares.
EAGLE MILK 12 l-2e
PETALUMA Choice Ranch EGG5... ..20c
Regular, 25c dozen. •'
CLEVELAND S BAKING POWDER 15c
. Regular, ,25c can.
GHIRARDELLIS BEST C0C0A. ..20c
' Regular, 25c can.
COX'S Patent Refined GELATINE. ..10e
Regular, 20c packets.
GRAPE-NUTS ....^^ 12 l-2c
COUNTRY ORDERS filled at short I notice
and shipped free of charge 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Op;.. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
n^». ELECTRIC BELTS.
ASS^r^W^^t^ Trices from 13 50 to
F&*;\\ V /'\S'?* \^iT>Sn* f25 - Largest manu-
B^w^^ , * Z^Sa facturers In th- Unl-
led States. NoQuacKi
><*jgiaßJpg!|jji{Syr connected with this
'/J\VgK^fer' ?:^?\ tstablishment. •-•--.
Sf V" '' v C" or particular*
. ls\j£—^ call or send 2c In
-'JV» Ftamps for "'Bnoklee
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. 3. F.
/7?T**hk LADIES DOTouraot
J-^'-T D"- FELIX IE BRUITS I
w^ ") Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment
j 1 is the original and only FRENCH,
.3 ' l safe and reliable care on the mar«
S ■ keti Price, $1.00; seat b? r " M ii
T Genuine sold only by