VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 127.
BLAZING SNOWSHEDS
ILLUMINE THE SIERRAS
Southern Pacific Property Valued at Thousands
of Dollars Ruthlessly Destroyed
by Incendiaries.
/"> ACRAMEXTO, Oct. 4.— A terrific
fire raged in the Sierra 1 . ada
Mountains this morning, and
K_/ when it had spirit its fury a
mile and one-sixth of sheds
•werr- but charred and smoking embers
and over a mile of steel rails were bent
and twisted by the tierce heat.
Two passeneer trains, one eastbound
nnd the other west, were stalled, and
t.h*» read was practically under block
ade all day. Th<=-re is no question as to
the origin of the fire. '• was plainly
the work of an incendiary. The Placer
County officials are at work on the case,
aided by th*» shrewdest of the Southern
Pacific detectives, and no means will b»?
spared to apprehend the miscreants.
Almost every year the railroad com
pany suffers from fires in the snow-
Fheds. and ■■■'■ are generally of a so
rlous character. There are lons
stretches in the mountains where the
sheds are absolutely needed to protect
the track from avalanches of snow
wl>i«-h, w*re it not for the sheds, would
roll down upon It. The rotary snmv
plnv.s invented as a substitute for the
Hh&ds- do not avail in the* steep passe?
in th* high Sierras, and the ra-'.road
company has been obliged to maintain I
the long system of sheds in the face of
thf fact that it costs an enormous sum
yearly to preserve and rebuild Ih^m.
Naturally, bfir.rr constructed of p:n°
and subjected to th» drying process of
the rainless summers in the high alti
tude of the mountains, the shed 3 he
com* very inflammable and it takes but i
an application of the incendiary's torch
to convert them into a sinuous serpent
of fire.
Profiting by its costly experience, the
railroad company has established ftro
trains at the Summit and Blue Can
yon, r.n which steam is k*pt constantly
and a crew of firemen ready night and
day to respond at a moment's call. For
the fire train every piece of rolling !
stock must turn aside at the nearest
switch^ No train thunders through the
hills at such sp^ed^ and the work of the
crew is as exciting as it Is perilous. To
complete the system of precautionary
measures a lookout station is located
on the crest of Red 1 Mountain, near
Cisco. Here a man and his wife live,
and here every ten minutes of the
twenty-four hours, one or the other,
with field glass in hand, sweep the en
tire r>tretch of snowsheds from • Blue
Canyon to the Summit. Besides these
lookouts fire watchmen traverse the
sheds constantly. A telephone line
runs through the sheds, up to. Red
Mountain and down again to the fire
train. When the lied Mountain senti
nel sees a fire, or is informed of one
through the telephone, he sends a mes
sage to the fire "trains to rush to the
E ■ -
Last night at 9 o'clock the Red 1
Mountain sentinel sent in word to rail
road headquarters that the telephone
line had evidently been cut or broken
somewhere in the sheds. The Western
Union Telegraph wires, which are in
closed in a cable running under the roof
of the sheds, about 2 a. m. refused to
work, and it was at once realized that ■
the cable had been cut. • About this
time the Red Mountain lookout saw a I
fire on the shed line near Butte bridge.
The agent at Cisco wired to Sacra
mento that the sheds were on fire. Di
vision Superintendent Wright dis
patched the fire train at Blue Canyon
to the scene. When the fire-fighters ar
rived they discovered the incendiary
character of the blaze. The sheds run
along continuously until they come to
butte near a bridge which is 430 feet
long. There the shed system slops, to
« ; '
Coiumbia-Shamrock Yacht Race
To-Day
BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
SEE THE CALL'S BULLETIN BOARD TO-DAY.
The San Francisco Call.
CENTRAL PACIFIC FNOWSHEDS, VISITED BY AN INCEN
DIARY FlkE.
be resumed when the bridge is crossed.
Yet at both ends of the bridge the fires
had been started, and. though a
stretch of Iron 430 feet long intervened.
the sheds on both sides were madly
aflame. A strong south wind was blow
ing at the time, and passengers de
scribe the scene as magnificent. The
flames Illuminated the heavens and
placed the towering pines of the sur
rounding hills in bold relief against the
reddened sky.
Up to a late hour to-night no arrests
have been reported here in connection
v Ith the fire.
A Bhort time ac<> the lookout at Red
Mountain detected some men in the
•" - ttlng fire to the pine forests on
the other side of the American River
Although a search was made for
them the men could rot be caught.
The loss of the railroad company by
the present fire will probably reach
I. It will be necessary to rebuild
the sheds before the heavy snows set
in. and a large forc<* of men will at once
-t to work. The track is rapidly
rebuilt and new rails laid, and
trail..- :; be running on schedule
time.
SENATE WILL STAND
FOR GOLD STANDARD
Financial Bill. It Is Said, Will Be In
troduced the First Day the
Senators Meet.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.— The Post to
the first day of the
approaching Bession of Congress the Sen
ate financial bill will be introduced in the
latter body. It wil • ■ the samp
as the Hove -it will declare
equivocation for the gold stand
ard.
Senator Aldrich. who, ap chairman of
the Finance Committee of ;he Senate, has
a prominent part In the framing
of the bill, said yesterdaj thai the meas
ure had been prepared, but that it would
not be made public until It had bt-=-n
wn to a numbei •■: R . Sena
■ present intention of the
Finance Committee to ;:>k ,i speedy con
sideration of the bill ;n the Senate in
: ; disposed of as early
sion ad possible.
CANAL COMMISSION.
The Entire Body Shortly to Hold a
Meeting in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.-Admiral John
jG. Walker, chairman of the Isthmian
oo coooooooo oo ooooooooooooogoooooooogoqqogooogqoooooooogoooooooogoqooooogq
I WATCH THE CALL'S BULLETIN BOARD TODAY, j
o o
oo ooc co oo ooooo ooooooo 0000000000000000000000000o 0000o 000000000000000000o co
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
I Commission, has returned to the
city and was at his desk this morning.
mission will meet here in
a few days, when the time at which they
will go south will likely be determined.
It is no) lies h >wever, that the com
mlssion will be ready to sail before late
.ember. Meanwhile an exploring
party will be sent to Panama and another
to Greytown.
SALE OF HAWAIIAN
LANDS IS STOPPED
President McKinley Issues the Order
to Solve Difficulties at Pearl
Harbor.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— The Navy De
part tv I .veil as the War Department
having been obstructed in the acquisition
of the lands in Hawaii actually needed
for their purposes, particularly in the . x
n of the Pearl harbor improvements,
the President has issued the following ex
ecutive order to meet the case:
"The President of the L'nited States
hereby directs that all proceedings taken
or pending for the sale or disposition of
the public lands in the Hawaiian Islands
:.tinued, and that if any
sales or agreements for sale of said pub
iic lands have been made since the adop
tion of the resolution of annexation the
purchasers shall be notified that the same
are null and void, and any consideration
paid to the local authorities on account
thereof shall be refunded."
The order is dated September 11 last,
but it has been withheld from publication
here until it reached Honolulu.
MAX REGIS SPEAKS
ABOUT HIS ARREST
Says He Is in No Way Connected
With the Orlennist Plot, but
an Anti-Semite.
Special Cable to The ''all and the X»w York
Herald. Copyrighted. I*:> 9. by James Qor
don Bennett.
BARCELONA. Oct. 4.— Max Rn K ! s wafl
interviewed here to-day. He paid he and
a few friends left Algiers on board the
Kalancelle. They were overtaken by bad
weather and transferred to a schooner
which landed tlum at Ibiza. whence they
went to Barcelona by stoamer. On their
arrival here they were arrested as suspi
cious characters and taken before th*
.-t of Police, who released them
after twelve hour?' detention. Two Lebel
revolvers In their possession were seized
X Kegis declares that he is n>> way
rned with the Orleanist plot, but is
purely and simply an anti-Semite He
will it-main here until the result of the
prosecution against him is known. He
will probably marry a young lady belong
ing to the aristocracy of Paris.
ACHIEVEMENTS
IN WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY
Marconi's Reports of the Race
Will Be Sent to The Call
To-Day.
NATIONS INTERESTED
• —
Germany and Japan Alsd Send Rep
resentatives to Witness and
Report on the Results.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— The Mall
and Express says: "All accounts
agree that the thorough test
made yesterday in connection
with the yacht race of th-- Mar
coni system of wireless teleg
raphy resulted in eminent satis
faction. Not only were complete
bulletins sent from the sea by
Signor Marconi and his assist
ants to the highlands of Xave
sink. being transmitted thence to
the city b> wire, but return
messages were received on ship
board containing the leading
news of the day. The average
time of the transmission of
yacht news from the steamer far
out upon the water to the wait
ing crowd in New York is said
to have been sixty seconds. It
was a significant, even startling
demonstration of a new depart
ure in scientific achievement, the
eventual value of which may be
illimitable. As a journal^
of great and lasting merit this
has never been surpassed.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— From all
parts of th^ country, east, west,
north and south, queries and
congratulations poured in to
day up<">n Signor Marconi as a
result "f the Bplendid results achieved
on Tuesday in reporting by wireless
telegraphy the first contest between
the Columbia and the Shamrock for
the Herald and The Call.
In San Francisco the * terest in Sig
nor Marconi's work was greater than
| that in the yacht race. From that city
| came a request that the Herald "tele
graph whether Marconi met all expec
tations." Prom Atlanta, Ga., and from
New Orleans. La., ' came similar re
quests for information. To all of these
thrre could be made only one reply.
Signer Marconi had exceeded every
reasonable expectation.
One result of wireless telegraphy
with stations aboard the Grande
j Duchesse and the Ponce is the greatly
increased demand for tickets for these
ships. Excursionists desire to have the
double satisfaction of witnessing the
contest between the two greatest
yachts ever constructed and at the
same time watching the operations of
the latest marvel in the field of prac
tical science. Each of the two ex
cursion boats thus favored will to
morrow carry the limit in the matter
of passenger list.
The work of sending bulletins will
to-morrow be divided between the
Ponce and the Grande Duchesse.
Signor Marconi, as usual, will be on
the Ponce, guiding from the chart
room of that steamship the operations
of the four stations. From the Ponce
he will bulletin the start of the ruc>
and describe the contest until 12:30
o'clock, when the operators on the
Grande Duchesse will take up the work
and follow the challenger and cup de
fender around the first stake boat.
There Signor Marconi will again open
communication from the Ponce, the
work on th>- run home being divided
the same as in the run for the first
mark. A red flag flying from the tall
spar above the mast of the Ponce will
indicate that Signor Marconi is flash
ing bulletins to the shore. If no flag
flies at the masthead of the Ponce th
operators on the Grande Duehesse will
flash bulletins by those mysterious cur
rents which have just been controlled
for the service of man. Bulletins will
be sent from that ship to the receiving
stations at Xavesink Highlands and on
the cable ship Mackay-Bennett.
In addition to four representatives of
the United States Government, who
have been detailed to give a careful
study to the Marconi system, there will
be on the Ponce a lieutenant attached
to the German embassy in Washington
and a Japanese naval officer. These
gentlemen have been detailed by their
governments to profit by the work be
ing done by Signor Marconi. They will
report upon the results accomplished.
The work done Tuesday. Important
as it was, will no doubt be far sur
passed to-morrow.
A i "all representative in the Herald"s
telegraph room forwards Marconi's
bulletins by special overland wire di
rect to The Call's business office. He
la seated between two operators. On
his left the Marconi reports are re
ceived from the Xavesink Highlands
wireless telegraph station and at his
right hand is an operator working the
San Francisco wire.
By "reading copy" over the shoulder
of operator No. 1 and dictating orally
to No. 2, the messages reach The Can's
bulletin board on Market street only
a word or two behind their receipt in
the Herald office, and only one or two
minutes after they are filed by Signor
Marconi on the steamer Ponce, which
follows the racers.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH A
HEAP OF CHARRED RUINS
Sacred Edifice and Contents Totally Destroyed by Fire and
Other Properties Damaged.
When Hie Supports ol the East Steeple Burned Away It Plunged a Fiery
Mass Mo the Street, Severely Injuring Five Men.
INJURED.
LEO COSTELLO, engine 14, severe
laceration of the scalp, with concus
sion.
EDWARD McGONIGLE, 31 en
gine, severe laceration of the scalp,
with concussion.
WILLIAM J. KENEALEY, fore
man engine 14, severe injury to right
hand.
Two other firemen, whose names
and the extent of whose injuries are
unknown.
F ; LAMES have licked their way
through the First Baptist Church
from altar to the big steeple? that
have kept vigil over the righteous
for many decades and the house of
worship is now a heap of blackened j
ruins. Fire broke out in this tabernacle,
located on Eddy street, between Jones
and Leavenwcrth, shortly before 5
o'clock last evening. The crumbling roof ]
and time-dried timbers crackled as tlie
flame tongue crept through and within
five minutes the building was an inferno, i
Up the tall coiner steeples the flanus
crept, cut away the supports and with j
the grace of divers the weighty sp;r B
plunged out Into the street. Men wore
carried away injured and bleeding from
the scene: firemen, without regard f< r
life, worked up beneath the tottering .
walls and guided powerful streams Into
the flames while on every side tangled
wires -were spitting death-dealing electric
fluid In fiery flashes. Now the smoke
belches forth trom the burning church in
suffocating clouds and again the liames
reach toward th<- outer supports and en
velop them in their iiery embrace. It
was as though the arms of Halemaumau
were wrapped around the doomed struc
ture and had finally reached out and
drawn adjoining buildings with the burn- ',
WHEN THE STEEPLE TOPPLED.
ing circle. Out from the rear of the j
church' the flames reached and left a
charred, path across the buildings near,
and across the street in front the new- i
placed paint withered from the heat.
Just how the fire started is a "mystery., |
Although adjoining buildings were some
what damaged there is no doubt
but that it first kindled in the church. ;
Mrs. E. ! Jewel was perhaps tne first to !
see the flames. She occupied a suite of j
rooms in tne Normandie, ;£t> Eddy street,
and looking out of the window saw the
flames reaching out from the church to
ward the hotel. She shouted an alarm
through the corridors of the hotel, wnence j
it was taken up and carried down the
street. Ottlcer Harry Hook heard the I
shout and rang in the alarm. A tew min
utes later' Chief Sullivan arrived and or
dered a second and a third alarm turned
in. This brought the engines from outly- |
ing districts, and within fifteen minutes j
alier the names were first seen a Siamese '
nozzle, fed by three, engines, was tnrow
ing a stream into the burning steeples.
The supports were too nearly eaten away, j
however, and slowly the one on the west j
bent over and plunged into the street. j
Firemen, citizens and police skurried to I
places Dl safety, and then the stream was i
turned to the remaining steeple. In a j
minute later it was seen to waver, and :
just as the voices of half , a thousand
people shouted an alarm it seemed that
the confined gases within the .walls ex
ploded beneath this steeple and it went
nurtling into the street.
It was too late for the firemen to flee,
and borne down by the fiery mass five of
them lay bleeding on the pavement. Will
ing hands released nozzle and hose and !
hurried to their rescue. Lee Costello of |
engine 14 was among the first placed on
his feet, and although suffering -from a
severe laceration of the scalp and con
cussion he retained his consciousness and I
assisted by a fireman and Mayor Phelan i
was taken outside the lines, placed in a '
carriage and driven to the. hospital. Ed- 1
ward McGonigle of engine 31 was practi- i
cally unconscious. He was taken by four j
firemen to the Ellis-street Clinic. Dr
Hereford took twelve stitches in a lacera
tion extending almost from ear to ! ear. '
Later he was removed to the Receiving
Hospital and thence to his home, 12 Flor- !
ence street. William J. Kenealey. fore- j
man of engine 14. who resides at 901 Bu
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
chanan street, suffered a severe injury of
the right hand. As aon as the i
was dressed, however, he refus<
his home, but returned to continue the
battle with the flame?. Two other fire
men were injured by the failing steeples,
but they were quiekiy removed to their
homes, and up to a late hour their r.
had not been given out. All are n
well and it is not thought that a fatality
will result from the injuries received at
lire fire, although the escape of the in
jured fireman from instant death was
miraculous.
After the injured had be^n removed the
work of extinguishing the flames was re
newed with increasing- vigor.
The Hotel Normandie. which caught fire
shortly after flames w^re seen bursting
from the rcof of the church, was occu
pied by Mrs. Alice M. Marshall as a lodg
ing house. There are fifty rooms in the
house, which were all occupied. The mo
ment fire was discovered next door the
guests grabbf-d their valuables and rushevl
to places of safety. Many of the inmates
of the house were out at the time and
their effects sitill remain in the rooms,
broken and spoiled by falling plaster,
and smoke. Mrs. Marshall stated
that the house had been furnished at a
cost of S-JOoO. and that the furniture wra.s
Insured for (8000. The building, whicn is
owned by a Mrs. Botsford, was badly
damaged in the rear and on the east
side.
Police Officer Frank Riley and his wife
were both confined to their room in the
hotel by illness. They had just managed
to crawl from bed when the firemen en
tered and carried them out.
Jacob Immel. the sexton of the church,
was in the edifice when the fire started.
The first information he received that
the- building was on fire was Imparted
to him by a stranger who rushed into tho
church and" yelled to him that the roof
was on fire. It was Immel's opinion that
the fire was caused by sparks from the
Hotel Normandie chimney. He bases his
opinion on the fact that the kitchen <>f
the hotel is on the side of the building
where fire first broke out. Immel was
alone in the church when the fire was dis
covered.
Policemen guarded the adjacent houses
from thieves durintr the fire. In the
flurry of excitement caused by the im
pression that the flames could not be
Continued on Second Page.
Readers of The Call's Bulletins To-Day
Will Get Reports of the Yachts' Movements
TWO MINUTES
After They Occur, by
SPECIAL WIRELESS TELEGRAPH.2
DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS MAKE
SPIRIT OF THE DEMOCRATIC
DELEGATES BROKEN BY
THE ABSOLUTE DOMINATION
OF THE BOSSES AND THE
SLATE IS ADOPTED.
Mayor James D. Phelan
Assessor . . Dr. Washington Dodge
City and County Attorney . .
Franklin K. Lane
Public Administrator . . . . .
Patrick Boland
Coroner . . . Dr. R. Beverly Cole
Tax Collector .... R. P. Doolan
Treasurer . . . Samuel H. Brooks
Auditor . . Joseph M. Cummings
Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
SUPERVISORS.
A. Comte Jr.,
R. M. Hotaling,
H. U. Brandenstein,
Thomas Jennings,
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona,
Joseph S. Tobin,
W. N. McCarthy,
John E. A. Helms,
John Connor,
C. W. Reed,
James P. Booth,
Emil Pohli,
P. J. Curtis,
j M. C. McGrath,
L. J. Dwyer,
Osgood Putnam,
M. J. Pontana,
A. B. Maguire.
THE Democratic Municipal Convention
resumed its lab rs ".ast night and re-
I the disgraceful scenes of the
ng b< i ■ . tileries were
thronged with men who sr.;iKht to express
in rowdyism and blackguardism their pro
test against I n-M Xab pro
gramme. Speakers were insulted, hooted,
l and browbeaten. Th<- hall was a
m of cur
rs. it was expected that
a stubborn effort would be made to de
stroy the programme of t:;< bosses and
SANTA FE WAITS
MORE ROOM AT
FERRY BUILDING
Single Slip Will Not
Be Enough.
The Santa Fe Railroad Company is just
at present giving the Board of Harbor
Commissioners a great deal of uneasiness
and incidentally worrying the Southern
Pacific Company. It has notified the
board that it wants to handle its pas
senger traitlc through the ferry depot, and
expects to be furnished with ample ac
commodations. Some time ago it was
promised one of the slips, and this has
been held in reserve for the company.
Now the Sputa Fe people have reached
the conclusion that a single slip is not
enough. It is Intimated the company has
the idea that the Southern Pacific has
more than lib share of the space, and will
force the Harbor Commissioners to
equalize • ters.
While -he Commissioners were in the
midst of an effort to crack this nut. the
Harbor Police presented a tale of woe to
the effect that they would soon be with-,
out a home, on account of the expiration
of the city's lease to their present
quarters on Sacramento street, and
asked to be provided with a room in the
ferry building. With the Santa Fe and
the Harbor Police both pleading for ac
commodation the Commissioners were
perplexed. A conference was held yes
terday morning between Commissioner
Kllburn. Engineer ■ limes, Captain
Dunlevy and Sergeant Mahoncy to see
what could be done in the matter.
Holmes suggested that the Commissioners
erect a building for the police adjoining
the chief wharfinger's office. The police
delegation aid not take kindly to the Idea
for the reason that the sewer from
Chinatown empties under the locality,
and the harbor bluecoat will not stand for
a bad sm.ll The police are to submit a
plan to the Commissioners, and if it is
within reason it will be accepted. In the
meantime the members of th« board are
not sleeping well at nights over the de
mand th.it has been made on them by the
Santa Fe.
The momentous question of preserving
piles occupied the attention of the Harbor
Commissioners yesterday afternoon, and
it took a. great deal of jaw gymnastics,
an executive session ana a tilt between
Chairman Kilburn and Samuel C.
Irving, representing the Parafflne Paint
Company to dispose of the matter to the
satisfaction of the board.
After discussing in executive session
bids for doing the work, the Commission
ers awarded the contract to P. F. Dundor
of the San Francisco Lumber Preserving
Company, which uses the creosote pro
cess. The contract calls for a ten-pound
injection to the foot. The price per lineal
foot Is to be as follows: For 12-foot piles
27 cents. 14-foot 30 cents, 16-foot 35 cents
There was no difficulty over the award
until the board had adjourned and Dun
don had left the room. Then Mr. Irving
turned loose his heavy vocal artillery and
Bent a broadside into the spirit of Dundon.
"I am amazed." said Irving', "that you
gentlemen should award a contract, to
Dundon. who has never been known to
k«ep an agreement with you. Three
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
every precaution was taken to preserve
at least a semijlance at order. A con>s
of burly BeTgeants-at-arms was appointed
and Jasper McDonald, recognizing his
own weakness, resigned the chair to An
drv w (i. fcfaguire. Then the fun began.
The committee on Supervisors sub
■>i the names of eighteen men and
I their nomination as Supervisors!
The convention listened patiently until the
rles Wet it j Reed was an
nounced. A roar of indignation burst
from hundreds of throats. The place was
emonluta. Hisses, groans, curses
the air in a stormy medley. The
reading was interrupted u>:d the chairman
Bed hinwoif almost into apoplexy In
a vain effort to be heard and control the
angry crowd.
The convention was utterly beyond
hounds. McNab and his coterie had at
t< tnpted to work a cheap imposition and
the delegates that dared assert them
selves would have none of it. Reed, who
is so gem-rally obnoxious to them, hau
been withdrawn from the candidacy for
tho District Attorneyshlp and had been
smuggled into the convention as a nomi
nee for .Supervisor. Inspection showed
that at least three districts had been left
without representation In the board and
the convention was wild with indigna
tion.
The rf-solutiow, pledging the convention
to a ratification of the Chicago platform,
had I . red notwithstanding Lhe
fact that James G. Magiure had been
called Into the controversy and had d<
d sue!) action political heresy. In-
Btead of answering the demand of the
delegates on this point McN'ab had served
Reed up to them as a Supervisor. Out of
the din of angry voices came motions to
defer the nomination of the proposed Su
pervisors until the next meeting. The
motions were useless. They were lost by
an overwhelming vote and the men sub
mitted by the committee of seven as a
Board of Supervisors were nominated.
- This action broke the back of the pro
testants. There was to have be<-:i a bat
tle royal for the nomination for Sheriff,
but it degenerated into a pitiable contest
on the part of J. P. Dockery^ who re
ceived twenty-seven votes against 308
! months ago my company was ordered to
a hundred piles for yon that were to
I ■ delivered to us within three days by
L'undon, who has the contract to furnish
them. We are waiting for them yet. The
Work on the Howard-street pier has been
delayed In consequence. There is a. pen
alty attached to his contract, and you
have made no attempt to exact it. I think
I that if I held the contract and had act id
; as Dundon you wc.uld have had me jump
! Ing sideways. This creosote process, ac
j cording to the report of your own experts,
has proved a failure, and yon know it."
Mr. Kilburn admitted that he had
vi ry little personal knowledge of pile pre
serving, for the reason thai he had not
I bten a member of the State Board long
anough to learn about such things. He
1 L;id made inquiries, however, and found
that the Southern Pacific Company was
creoa ted piles, and he thought that
anything that was good enough for that
Institution was .sood enough for him.
Chief Engineer Holmes reported apron 7.
which is used by the creek boats, as being
In an unsafe condition, and recommended
■ the expenditure. Of $7000 for building a new
• i•• and repairing the slip. Major Harney
j objected to any such outlay for the pur
pose when wharves were s.> badly needed.
: Mr. Holmes was authorized to repair the
i apron so as to put it In a safe condition,
which can be done for a few hundred
i dollars.
A ccntract for repairing the flreboat
Governor Irwin was awarded to the Co
lumbia Machine Works for $832 SO.
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
A HEAP OF RUINS
Continued from First Pace.
confined to the church, many people com
menced the hasty removal of their per
sonal effects to a safe distance from the
fire. No loss of property except by fire
and water has been recorded.
Chief Sullivan was jubilant over the
work of his department. He said that
when hIF men arrived on the seem* the
fire had a good deal of headway, but de
spite this fact the flames were confined to
the church edifice.
Captain Comstock of the Underwriters'
Fire Patrol was early on the scene with
his squad and managed to gain entrance
to the church and cover over furniture
and other valuable objects before driven
out by the llames. He believes that
sparks caused the blaze.
Rev. K. A. Woods, pastor of the con
gregation, was in Oakland when his
church was destroyed.
J. M. Manning, owner of the three flats
. cottage adjoining the church on the
easi Bide, will lose $2000 or $3000 due to
damage to hi? building by fire and water.
It is ?aid that he let his insurance policy
run out a month ago. He valued his
buildings at JIS.OOO. These flats were oc
cupled by Mrs. Gillinar.d; Alex Dijeau,
the musician, and J. B. Bacon, all of
whom suffered some loss.
A two-.«tory dwelling opposite the
church, owned by a Mr. Hblrnes, was bad
ly blistered by the heat. The house ia
occupied' by Mrs. Russell. The house oc
cupied by J. W. Whitney in the rear fac
ing Ellis street also caught fire, but
frompt action prevented much damage,
t is estimated that the total damage
done by yesterday's fire will amount to
about $50,000, partly covered by insur
ance.
As night came the ruins became trans
formed into fantastic silhouettes against
the sky. They were viewed by thousands
df people after the police lines were
broken. The blaze had been subdued, and
nothing but smoking and steaming tim
bers claimed the attention of the firemen.
Overhead some of the spire supports
which had not come down with the first
crash hung menacingly over the street,
endangering the lives of pedestrian* ana
firtmei:. By order of Chief Sullivan the
firemen dragged all dangerous parts of
the burned structure into the interior of
the ruins. The work of totally ex
t Irpi'ishing the fire consumed many
hours and the street was not cleared for
streetcar traffic until a late hour.
STRIKE IN LUMBER YARD.
There was a small strike amonsr the
employes of the Union dumber Company
at Sixth and Channel streets yesterday,
about a dozen tally men and drivers,
<".< lifnatod as clerks, demanding their
pay and walking out because of the re
fusal of their employers to increase their
wages from $2 50 lo S3 per day. Superin
tendent H. M. Oochran says the trouble
does not amount to anything.
"Some of the clerks thought they were
entitlf-d to more pay and demanded an In
crease of 50 cents a day." said Mr. Coch
ran last night. "We declined to accede
to their demands and they quit and were
paid off. None of the men employed In
th»- mill went out. We employ between
fifty and sixty men. and the so-called
strike will have no effect on our business.
The mill is Ptlll running."
"Will of Moritz Daeweritz Filed.
The law department of A. M. Speck &
Co.. through its attorney, Albert Jeffreys
yesterday filed for probate the will of
Morttz Daeweritz, the owner of the well
known coffee saloon at 26 Gearv street
The petition of the executors states that
the estate is $25,000 in value, which is left
to a nephew residing in this city and
nephews and nieces in Saxony. O.he de
ceased also left a money legacy to Ernest
Junshaenel, his trusted friend, who is
also one -of the executors. Judge Troutt
has fixed October 18 for hearing of peti
tion for letters.
THE SAN IE A^ CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
cast for Joremiah Deasy. In announcing
Deasy the chairman was so thoroughly
Ignorant of the programme that he called
the candidate ''Jerome" Deasy. referring
possibly to the gentleman who rr f ereed a
prize Tight recently at Grasp Valley.
After the spirit of the convention had
been broken nominations did not possess
even the interest of novelty. Samuel H.
Brooks wan nominated for Treasurer find
Joseph M. Cummlngs f.>r Auditor. The
convention was then declared adjourned
until to-morrow night, when it is ex
pected that the Ashe contingent v.-iil try
to break the slate on the nomination for
District Attorney.
The entrance of Chairman J«r.per Mc-
Donald on the stage at 9:15 o'clock was
greeted with Joyful "ahs" from the gal
lery. Immediately after the convention
was called to order the chairman an
nounced the following appointments'
Sergeant at arms. C. W. Armager; assist
ants: P. T. Mynn, J. Marks. D. C. Cur
ran. C. F. Gooth, B. E. Joiner, C. Flynn,
W. Wedemeyer and W. King.
While the. rollcall was being read John
W. Tyler tried to expedite matters by
having it dispensed with, but Chairman
McDonald would not entertnin the mo-
tion. Andrew G. Maguire was then in
vited to preside over the deliberations of
the convention-, and a hearty cheer greet
ed his appearance in that august position.
Chairman Magulres first announcement
was- that the report of the committee op
Supervisors was in order. Mr. Whiting:
attempted to read it from tho floor of the
assemblage, but the delegates would not
have it. On taking the platform he read
the following document:
"To the Democratic Convention—Gen
CAPTAIN OF THE
ARAGO HAS TWO
NARROW ESCAPES
A Sailor Fires Two
Shots at Him.
Captain Stensland of the schooner
Arago had a narrow escape for his life
yesterday. He was driving along the
front in a buggy with Johnny Cain when
Harry Anderson took two shots at him.
Anderson is 60 years of age and his aim
was not good, so Stensland escaped. The
men have not beer, friends for years, and
Anderson ha.« threatened several times to
shoot the young skipper. When he saw
Stensland driving by yesterday he pulled
out his gun and fired. Later he was ar
rested by utticer Gc-orge L/^ke on Berry
street and locked up in the Harbor police
Btation on a charge of assault to commit
murder.
Chanes Boucher, a stevedore, who lives
: at 417 First street, was treated at the
Harbor Hospital yesterday for stabs lv
I the arm and back and for a lacerated
I wound of the scaJp. He says that a couple
1 of men were caught Tuesday night steal- ;
i Ing salmon out of casks on Beale street. ,
1 The owner of the salmon asked Boucher
to look out for the men while he called ;
the police. As so^n as the owner was i
gone the thieves attacked Boucher with a ;
brick and a knife and made their escape.
U. J. Raymos and five others were ax- ]
' rested yesterday at 325 Drumm street by
I Officer Inghram for playing a Portuguese I
gambling game named '"lappo." They !
were charged with gambling at the liar- !
i bor police station.
John Peterson, one of the crew of the !
ship Indiana, got a severe beating yester- '
day and lost three half barrels of salmon, j
He offered three men a dollar to help him
get the salmon ashore, and when the work
was done he refused to cay. The men ;
1 eat him into Insensibility and then made
i away with the three barrels of salmon.
The officers of the auxiliary cruiser
: Badger were the guests of the Naval
Battalion aboard the Marion on Tuesday
right. The cruise of the battalion on the j
Rodger was lived over again ami a most
enjoyable evening was Bpent The Badger
will go to Mare Island to-day.
The steamer Victoria, which has come
here under charter to the Government, j
!vvill be K"t ready as quickly as possible
Ipr a trip to Manila. She has been carry
big Portuguese contract laborers to Ha
waii, and comes here from Honolulu. She
brought up three stowaways, named
Griffith, Voight and Stouart. They went
to Hawaii to make a fortune and were
i glad of the chance to steal a voyage
home. Griffith and Voight are boller
i makers. Steuart is a negro.
I A number of changes have taken place
' in the Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
; Captain Green Is going on a vacation and
[ Captain Gage of the Walla Walia will
1 take the State of California. Captain Hall I
I of the Orizaba takes the Walla Walla, j
' Captain Glelow of the Bonlta takes the
1 Orizaba and Captain Burkard, who has
been In charge of the stevedores on the
1 wharf, takes the Bonlta,
: The mail steamer Mariposa will not get
] away for the colonies until 2 p. m. to-day.
■ She was to have sailed last night, but
owing to the fire In the snowsheds the
mall has been unable to get through.
The old steam whaler Mary D. Hume
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Worried Man's Friend.
The mind reacts on the body
in a wonderful way ._
Perturbation of mind and
anxiety cause any predisposition
to disease to develop into actual
disease.
Many a man who has fallen
a victim to Bright's disease of
the kidneys can trace its first
manifestation to a .time when
he was struggling for financial
life in a very sea of troubles.
What can be done under
such circumstances to avoid a
probably mortal disease ?
Why, follow the example 01
thousands, who now bless its
discovery, and take Warner's
Safe Cure.
It is a remedy that can be
relied upon, a remedy that
never fails.
tlemen: Your committee on Supervisors,
after a thorough and careful investiga
tion, beg leave to submit the following
names for nomination as Supervisors:
A. Comte Jr., R. M. Hotaling. H. M.
Brandenstein, Thomas Jennings, Dr. A.
A. D'Ancona, Joseph S. Tobin, W. N. Mc-
Carthy, John K. A. Helms, John Connor,
C. W. Reed, James P. Booth, Emll Pohli,
P. J. Curtis. M. c. McGrath. L. J.
Pwyer. Osgood Putnam, M. J. Fontana,
A. R. Ekfagui r<
On the conclusion of its reading Chair
i man 'Whiting moved its adoption and the
• motion aroused a merry light. Edward
C. Harrison arose and moved that its
I adoption be deferred until the next meet
ing of the convention so as to give the
I members a chance to consider the men
! whose names were on the list. L. H.
I Mose took the floor in opposition to the
motion. He stated that he did not know
that there was to be another session, as
it was understood that the labors of the
convention were to be concluded to-night.
j He said he ocvild not sop why the matter
I should be deferred, as the delegates could
not .-'O into the character of tht- men se
| lected by the committee, as it was left to
j its judgment. John F. Tyler again sprang
; up with a motion to adopt the report, but
j was quieted by the nhalr, who said a mo-
I tion was pending: before the house.
Then Barna McKinne arose and created
■ a sensation by denouncing Charles Wes
j ley Ft^ed, whose name was on the list of
Supervisors. He claimed that Heed did
not vote for William Jennings Bryan, and
therefore his name had no business on the
will not go whaling again. She is to be
turned into a cannery tender and will go
to Bristol Bay with the salmon fleet next
year. The Hume was the first steam
whaler to winter in the Arctic. She has
been very successful and on this last trip
brought back nineteen whales.
Sword Presented on the lowa.
There was a surprise party aboard the
battleship lowa yesterday. Lieutenant
Dan G. Mendel of the Thirty-eighth Vol
unteer Infantry was invited aboard the
vessel and presented with a sword in re
membrance of the many happy hours ho.
spent on the warship. Lieutenant Mendel
was an apprentice on the lowa during the
Spanish war. but received his comtplßsion
while here in San Francisco. He was so
taken by surprise that he could not return
thanks," so has asked The Call to publish
the following:
To My Frlendß and Shipmates of the U. S.
F. S. Iowa: I take this way to express my
thankß lor the beautfful sword which you h>>
kindly remembered me with, and I assure you
It .shall always be kept in my family as on
heirloom and as a remembrance of the many
happy days -I spent on the "Pride of the
Ocean." Thanking you ag;ain for the beautiful
Kift I remain as ever your friend and phlp
mate, DAN G. MENDEL,
Lieutenant Thirty-elphth U. B. V. Infantry.
A CRISP LITTLE
CAPTAIN GRACES
RIP VAN WINKLE
I LIKE the snappy ones. That is why
I like Hlttie Belle Ladd.
She is a crisp little captain in "Rip
Van Winkle" at the Grand, this week,
and the pity is that the opera book sends
her home to her chafing dish before the
first act Is over. She leaves the audience
to Bessie Falrbairn, who tries to jerve
animation cold and without sauce; to
Edith Mason, who ta,kes herself with
grand opera seriousness; to little Gladys
Weller. who is the moEt sadly clever baby
in town, and to various other people, who
mistake the politeness of an audience for j
encores.
Tradition and William Wolff as Rip '
come to save the piece. Tradition warms
our hearts for the Irving story and Wil
liam Wolff ke-eps them warm. The south ;
of Market mnmrncf who had come to i
weep grew hopeful now and then as he |
steered gently toward the edge of weep- <
mess. And th<;n, because he is wise in his ;
generation and has never dreamed for
one wild moment that ho. is a new Jeffer
■on he sto-red gently back Into his own ,
land of laugluor. The mommer was dis
appointed, but Mr. Wolff was rescued.
When you watch him, forgot for tho
time the immortal Joe. Forget Jeffer
son's subtlety mid accept what William
Wolff frankly offers. It is a lovable old
vagabond at any rate.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
ELLIS MADE SERGEANT.
The Police Commissioners Pension
Five Old Officers.
The Pension Commissioners of the Po
lice Department met last night and re
tired Sergeant Avan of the Harbor sta
tion, Daniel Libbey and Dennis Hayden
of the Southern station and Patrick
Fleming and Charles Hall., also of the
Harbor station. Thomas Dillon, the pride
of the water front, was slated to go, but
aB he convinced the Commissioners that
he was not physically disqualified from
performing his duties he wat not mo
lested. Policeman •'Tommy" Ellis was
promoted to the position of sergeant,
caused by the retirement of Sergeant
Avan. He wIU tuke the latter's place at
the Harbor station. For some time past
Ellis, who is considered one of the clev
erest men in the department, has been
doing special duty with Detective Tom
Gibson. He has a brilliant record, and is
regarded fiy one of the bravest men con
nected with the police force. After his
promotion was made known Ellis was
warmly congratulated by Chief Lees and
his fellow officers.
Edward L. Knorp. an ex-member of the
California Regiment, was appointed a
member of the force. He was warmly
indorsed lor tho position by Colonel Du
boce and Rabbi Voorsanger, one of the
members of the relief committee appoint
ed to provide places for the California
boys who fought in the war with Spain.
ROBBED SLEEPING SOLDIERS.
A Thief Invades the Presidio and Is
Fired Upon.
The military authorities have enlisted
the services of the police in apprehend
ing a thief who has entered a number
of tents at the Presidio and stolen va
rious articles belonging to the soldiers.
Evidently dissatisfied with the watches
and small sums of money which he took
from his sleeping victims, he even car
ried off a number of rifles, the property
of the United States army.
Early yesterday morning the thief was
discovered entering a tent and the sentry
ordered him to halt. Unmindful, he took
to his heels. The sentry fired two shots
at him, but failed to bring him down.
Last night a number of police officers
In citizens' clothes were patrolling the
Presidio In the hope of catching the thief.
They are convinced that the culprit Is a
soldier.
I ticket. This announcement was received
! with tremendous cheering by some of the
delegates and the entire lobby. Delegate
] Bdelmann yelled himself hoarse and made
! himself prominent by jumping around the
I convention and yelling and stamping his
I approval. "VVhen the noise had ceased Mc
; Kinne continued and said if it were true
■ no Democratic convention could ask the
1 Democrats of San Francisco to support
i that man. Many in the lobby and gallery
; did not hear the name of the gold Demo
crat and called for his name. McKinne
in dramatic tones replied that it was
Charles Wesley Reed, and the name was
received with 'every sign of disapproba
tion.
William Denman of the Forty-first Dis
trict tried to stop ilcKinne's tirade \<y
rising to a point of order. There were
shouts of "fiit down!" "Shut up." "Close
your face!" and oth^r choice advice, but
Denman stood his ground. When recog
nized by the chair he said that the speak
er's remarks were out of order. But what
else he said was lost in the noise that fol
lowed his opening sentence. In fact, the
chair was not allowed to rule on the ques
tion. McKinne bobbed up again, his gray
whiskers bristling with very excitement.
He told of the indorsement of the Chicago
convention by the committee on platform,
of which he was a member, and therefore
asked that Reed's name be effaced from
the list.
Attorney Harrison tried to quell Mc-
Kinne, as did also the chair, but
with little success, as the gallery
was too boisterous. McKinne concluded
t»y asking for another meeting so that
the report could be considered. Tre
CITY HOSPITAL
AFFAIRS IN A
BAD MUDDLE
Food and Supplies
Are Cut Off.
The affairs of the City and County Hos
pital are again in a muddle, and neither
the Mayor, the Supervisors nor the Board
of Health can suggest a way out of the
Berlous difficulty which has now presented
Itself. Unless something is done and done
quickly the inmates of the hospital must
go without adequate food and the bare
necessities of life. The authorities under
stand the condition of affairs and simply
shrug their shoulders. They claim that
they can do nothing and must let the
matter take its course.
It is the old fight .of the contractors
against the city. The merchants that
furnish supplies to the hospital have not
been paid, and they have notified Mayor
Phelan and the Board of Supervisors that
no more supplies will be furnished until
the bills are paid. As there is no money
with which to pay the bills and no pros
pect of obtaining any, the situation pre
sented is a serious one.
The hospital is without coal, fresh
meats and many very necessary drugs.
These must be obtained or the charges of
the city must suffer. Two explanations
are given for the failure of the city to pay
the bills. On the one hand it Is claimed
that the dollar limit of taxation Is far
inadequate for the proper administration
of the hospital and it is as easy to con
duct it upon the present appropriation as
it is to make one dollar do the service of
two. On tho other hand, it Ls asserted
the appropriation for the hospital under
the dollar limit is sufficient and that gross
extravagance is responsible for the snort
ago and the present predicament.
When the Supervisors were making pro
visional appropriations for the various
city and county departments under a ten
tative levy which has been superseded by
the absolute one, the sum of $113,000 was
appropriated provisionally for the main
tenance of the City and County Hospital
For two months the hospital has been run
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AILMENTS OF MEN.
DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE LOST MAN-
hood, Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses,
Wasting Drains, Nervous Debility, Stricture,
Rupture, Tumors, Private Diseases, Can^srs,
Sleeplessness, Rheumatism, Kidney and Blid-
der Diseases, Rplne Diseases, Liver Diseases,
Heart Diseases, Blood. Skin and Stomach Dis-
eases, Eye and Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases,
Rectal Dlßeases.
DR. MEYERS & C 6. trrat nothing but dis-
eases nnd weakness of men. They have the
largest and best equipped medical institute and
the must extensive practice in America,
FAY WHEN CURED.
If a patient has any doubt about being cured
he may deposit the price of a cure In any bank
in San Francisco, to be paid to DR. MEYERS
& CO. after he Is entirely well. If it la not con-
venient to do thin, payments may be made In
weekly or monthly Installments.
HOME CURES-FREE BOOK.
If you cannot call, write for private oor.k
diagnosis sheet, free advice, prices and other
particulars. Thousands of men cured every
year who have never seen the doctors. All cor-
respondence confidential. No printing on envel-
opes or packages to indicate name of r.ender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
Elevator entrance. Hours— 9 to 4 daily
evenings, 7 to g: Sundays. 9 to 11.
mendous howls of approhption greeted
the speaker when he finished. Then a
delegate of the Twenty-ninth raised his
vi»i<i> above the timiK'il to ask why a
representative of the Twenty-ninth dis
trict was not on the list in place of a
gold Democrat. Assemblyman William
\V. "White wanted the report to receive
conscientious deliberation before It was
adopted, and Martin Callahan said some
thing about seven men dictating to the
convention as to what men should spend
the millions paid by the citizens in tuxes
His reception was not a cordial one. ana
h e took his seat with a very red face.
Louis de Forrest Bartk-tt defended the
work of the committee and explained why
some of the districts did not receive
representation. The previous question be
ing called for. a vote was taken which
resulted In 242 noes to 93 ayes, and the
motion to defer was lost. A motion t ■
adopt the report of the committee was
carried, and then the chair instructed
Secretary Hiikey to cast the vote of the
convention for the eighteen candidates.
The next order of business was the
nomination of a Treasurer, and Sydney
Van Wyck placed Samuel H. Brooks in
nomination. In a grandiloquent, manner
he displayed ten silver dollars and said
it was the voice of the Democracy
and an uncharitable gallery god yelled
"Give it to Reed." Nothing daunted by
the laugh which followed the sally, the
speaker r.ald something about liberty and
I the eagle screaming for his candidate. He
i then told <>t his meeting John B. Mhoon,
| and of the latter giving him views on Mr.
I Brooks which were greeted shamefully
by the rude gallery. He even essayed a
negro story to strengthen his candidate's
right to the position, but this was re
ceived with derisive laughter. He told of
the ease with which Mr. Brooks was
elected Treasurer in San Joaquin County
and how he "walked" into the Con
troller's office. He thought Mr. Brooks
would add strength to the ticket and
would, if elected, make a sterling officer.
Alex T. Vogelsang seconded the nomina
tion, and no other candidate having put
in an appearance, Mr. Brooks was chosen
to represent the Democratic party at the
next election.
The next business was the selection of
a candidate for Auditor. Secretary
Hickey made an excellent speech in
nominating Joseph M. Cummings for the
office. He told of his high standing in
the community; of his connection with
the Mechanics' Institute. The nomina
tions beiiis^ declared closed, Mr. Cum
mir.gs was unanimously chosen by the
convention.
Nominations for Sheriff were next in or
der and P. H. McCarthy named Jeremiah
Deasy for the office. He extolled Mr.
Deasy's virtues and the mere mention of
the latter's name aroused hearty ap
plause. Delegate Cosgrave followed by
placing Edward Rock's name before the
convention, and then T. J. Fitzsimmons.
with hair awry and determination writ
ten in every line of his face, took the
platform and nominated James P. Dock
ery for the office. His speech created no
end of merriment and was constantly in
terrupted by both delegates and lobby,
who anxiously inquired whether he was
nominating "Dewey or Dreyfus." He was
also advised to stop "kidding himself";
upon the basis of such an appropriation,
the expenditures being made in accord
ance with the one-twelfth act. When the
actual legal levy was made the City and
County Hospital was allowed only $90,000,
exclusive of a fund for repairs? The ex
cess of expenditures in July and August
must now be made up by restrictions on
the present months and the months to
come of the fiscal year. While the hos
pital authorities were spending over $9000
\ mol^ h they did not rea-lize that after
the official levy was made they would
have only $7500 a month, and out of this
sum large deficiencies would have to be
paid.
This Is the causo of the deficiency and
the reason why the merchants have not
been paid. The Mayor cries extravag
ance and the Supervisors reply that the
dollar limit Is inadequate to the proper
administration of public municipal affairs
Dr. Perrnult is primarily concerned for
the welfare of the inmates of the hos
pital and insists that whatever the solu
tion of the difficulty may be, these people
cannot be permitted to starve or be de
prived of the drugs that they need. The
contractors and merchants have submit
ted their complaint to Mayor Phelan and
he has referred the matter to the Hospital
( ommittee of the Board of Supervisors
This committee will wrestle with the
problem and meanwhile the inmates of
the City and County Hospital must go
without drugs and fresh meats and pray
for continuous hot weather.
MORPHINE A SOLACE
FOR ALL HER ILLS
May McCaffrey, a young woman 22 years
of age, died at the Receiving Hospital
last night from the effects of morphine
poison taken yesterday afternoon with
suicidal intent. Drs. Dray and Brown
worked on the unfortunate woman, but
the poison had heen taken four hours
previous to the time she was brought to
the hospital and they were unsuccessful
According to "the story told by James
Brophy, who claims to be the girl's hus
bana, the couple retired to their room at
2t'7 Post street at 5 o'clock yesterday
morning somewhat under the influence of
liquor. His companion was in good hu
mor and between 3 and 4 o'clock in the
afternoon she .got up and drank a cup of
water. Brophy thinks that it was then
she took the morphine, though he had not
seen it in her possession. She immedi
ately went to sleep without a word and
lie did likewise. About 5 o'clock he was
awakened by a knock on the door and
he got up to admit Annie McCaffrey, a
sister of the dead girl. Annie went over
to greet her sister and tried to wake her
up, but without success. She shook her
a couple of times and then noticed that
her lips were purple. Becoming alarmed
Annie summoned Dr. Cook, who lives in
the neighborhood, and he treated the dy
ing woman after a fashion.
to "get off the earth." and other bits of
advice. In part he said:
"I want to place before you the name
of a man whose reputation is not con
fined to the boundaries of San Francisco,
but whose sterling honesty while in or
fice lias reached the eontlnes of the I niteu
States and has even spread to Europe
(Jim Xeal Interrupted the speaker to asK
if it was Dewey.) "But. seriously, gen
tlemen. I mean what 1 said. James V.
Dockery w in this reputation by raiding
the milkmen on the San Bruno road at
midnight, and his war on impure milk
has made him known throughout the
country. The finger of scorn can never
be pointed with suspicion against Mr.
Dockery. , .
"I understand there is no slate in this
convention. (Tremendous cheering and
cries of 'wow.') The reason 1 believe It,
gentlemen, is that Gavin McNab told me
himself that his hands were otf the ngnt
for the nomination for Sheriff and Mr.
1' ickery went to .Mr. Phelan. who told him
that he could not see how he (Mr. Dock
ery) could be defeated for any office he
might aspire to. (Applause and laughter.)
There Is a man on the Republican ticket
(Lackmann) who we all know is honest
and upright and a bard man to beat. If
we are to win that office we have to put
a man on the ticket who will win, and
I suggest the name of James P. Dockery
as the man to do it."
The voting then commenced, and as Mr.
Rock did not secure a Vote when the first
five delegations were polled. Mr. Cosgravo
withdrew his name and appealed for the
return of his $10. The secretary took the
advice of a man in the gallery who yelled
"Don't give up the ten." The chairman
announced the vote as follows: Deasy
30S and Docki ry L 7. The former was then
made the choice of the convention by ac
clamation. An adjournment was then
taken until to-morrow night.
I ?f raven Oil Lands?
I In Contra Costa, Merced, Santa j
i Clara, San Mateo and Coiusa. j
s \
i More work done now than any j
\ other company in the State whose 1
? stock is being offered for sale. "We j
f are not one of those who are X
[ "Jus! Going to Begin,"
f Our expert claims that we will !
I strike oil in 300 feet further drilling ;
I on our Contra Costa property. 1
?! Stock now at $5 until the next meet- I
i ing of our Board of Directors. Re-
X member we sell on a guarantee. ■
( Write for particulars and an "Illus- 1
t trated Prospectus." ■■
•> Offices in nearly all counties. ;
I 'AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY \
\ COMPANY, I
! ROOMS 322-S2S PARROTT BUILDING. |
\ SAN FRANCISCO. j
i OAKLAND 0FF1CE.... 460 TENTH ST. ;
J _ _ ' __y
When requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circular*
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
-♦-©■♦■O-^C •-©♦©♦o^o-*-o-»-o-»-o-*-o-»-o-*-
-•f . ♦
♦ Take advantage j
J * Of the Round-Trip *
+ Tickets to ♦
o o
'• Hotel del Coronado. %
O o
£ Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel ; ♦
° if longer, $2.50 a day. °
° Apply 4 New Montgomery st, ?
0 San Francisco. o.
♦ r
♦• o ■♦ o ■♦ o ■♦■ o ■> o ■*■ o ■♦- o ♦ o ■♦■ c -♦■ o •*■ o •♦■ o •♦■
JET HA SPRINGS.,
For a restful, health-renewing
vacation this is the best time.
Accommodations maintained at
highest standard,
Rates. $10 to $14 per week: S. P. to St.' He-
lena at 7 a. m. or 4 p. m. ; private rig to
springs; round trip. $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL. Aetna Springs. Napa Co.. or J. H. SIMP-
SON. I. O. O. F. building. San Francisco.
PARA 1 50
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
Gout, Diabetes, Bn?hts and other renal
complaints. Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrh.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st
1 Go to BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hot Mineral Baths will cure your
Rheumatism. Address A. BETTENS, at
springs, or call on LOMBARD CO..
agents, room 30,_22^4_Oeary st.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING OX THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms (rood
boating on lake; boats free to guests prices
reasonable. $S to $10 per week; special rates tor
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE . AND HOTEL X
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT-
none better in Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out. •■ « ■ H. WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
♦ m.; stage meets train at Napa City Alf-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O. _
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
; . , During- Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting Ins
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sanu
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents per Week
•5 Cents pep Month
rOSTAGJE PREPAID*STORMY PROGRESS IN CONVENTION
REPRESENTATIVE MEN IN ALL
WALKS OF LIFE INDORSED
AS SUPERVISORS BY THE
CAUCUS AT B'NAI B'RITH
HALL.
FOR SUPERVISORS.
NATHAN 8180, Grocer.
CHARLES BLISS. Merchant Tailor.
MAJOR CHARLES BOXTON, First
California Volunteers.
JOSEPH BRITTON, President of
the Board of Freeholders that formed
the Charter.
COLONEL VICTOR DUBOCE, First
California Volunteers.
SAMUEL FOSTER, Wholesale Gro
cer.
* D. C. M. GODSELL. Capitalist.
THOMAS L. HENDERSON, Fore
man Commercial News Company.
W. C. JOHNSON. Foreman Machin
ist, Union Iron Works.
MILO S. JEFFERS, Hardware- Mer
chant.
HORACE DAVIS
TO LEAD THE
REPUBLICANS
He Will Accept the
Nomination.
The Republican Convention to-night
will doubtless nominate Horace Davis for
Mayor, and his friends assert that he will
accept the nomination. The people of San
Francisco well know that Mr. Davis' rec
ord, as a man and a merchant is without
a blemish; hence they were astonished
and disgusted to hear that he was vicious
lv assailed yesterday by a subsidized
evening Journal: The personal and politi
cal friends of Mayor Phelan were first to
condemn the assault, asserting that the
Mayor would not count-enance or approve
such tactics as political .are.
Republicans hold that the purpose of
the assault was to drive Mr. Davis from
the Held and compel the convention to
select another nominee. The .aught
is therefore regarded as a tribute to the
strength and popularity of the proposed
nominee. ...
Horace Davis is an honorable candidate
Tiie record of his public and private lifo
can be spread before the world. He is not
a weak or timid man. prone to take alarm
at newspaper attack.
in gem-ral convention last night • he
ipoke of the evening paper's assault with
out manifesting the least sign of trcpl- i
ditipn or resentment. He recognized the
general feeling that business men of high j
character often refuse to accept public
service in order to secure immunity from
the. raids of the subsidized -press. If his ;
purpose to accept the Republican nomi
nation for Mayor was not tixed before th<
evening paper's tirade was published it
v as ■ iiied shortly after iht» publication.
He cannot be intimidated.
The key note of the campaign of the
opposition was sounded in the cry against
Horace Davis. The plan Is to assail men <
who employ labor, invest money and dis
play enterprise in promoting the prosper
ity and advancement of the city.
Irving M. and Henry T. Scott are \
whacked because the opposition paper
euspects that one or the other may accept !
leadersnip of the publicans in the event
of. Mr. Davis' declination. K. W. Dohr- ;
inann would be roasted alive if he had
not positively declined to accept a place
Ion the Republican ticket.
If Horace Davis were regarded as a
weak or vulnerable man the attacks
would be del erred until his nomination. |
The attack beforehand is manifestly made
to influence delegates against him and
prevent his selection as ... leader of Re
publican.- in a campaign for good govern
ment and municipal prosperity.
The Democrats have nominated James
D. Phelan for Mayor and he is respected
as a representative citizen. The Republi
cans have shed a purpose to nominate
Horace Davis. Every one regards Mr.
Davis as a representative citizen of high
character. The hope has been fre
quently expressed that each party would
put forward a respected citizen as its
loader and that the campaign would be
fought out on party lines. It was hoped
that the campaign would be free from
acrimonious assault and personal vilifi
cation. The mud-slinging propensity of
the subsidized evening Journal, therefore,
Mirprised. Republicans and Democrats
' alike.
The primary election law was founded
on the principle of party responsibility.
Leaders of each party advocated the en
actment of the law. The delegates to the
various municipal conventions were
chosen under party designations. The
nominations have been made on party
lines and party lines cannot be obliterated
tit the polls. The Democratic municipal
ticket will receive the support, of the
Democratic press and the Republican
ticket will be sustained by the Republican
press. The party that wins will gain
vantage ground in California for the
great contest in 1900, but that gain will
not release it from strict accountability
for the administration of municipal
affairs. •
Oil Exchange
l Exchange o
The Oil Exchange on Pine street will I
1899 Ramblers $35— while they last.
OPEN EVENINGS.
BICYCLES
I Will arrive about November I. |
THOS.H.B.YAMY, Market &10th,S.F.
CHARLES J. KING, Secretary Pa
cific Pickle Works.
GEORGE R. SANDERSON, Real
Estate.
GEORGE T. SHAW, Grand Secre-
tary, Odd Fellows.
DR. E. N. TORELLO. Physician.
WILLIAM WATSON, Capitalist.
C. S. WRIGHT, with N. Gray & Co.
DELEGATES to the Republican
Municipal Convention, who have
b< en in caucus at B'nai R'rith
Hall, completed their labors last
niKht. They considered the re-
port of the committee on Super
visors and after canvassing it In all its
aspects followed its recommendation and
rsed sixteen men for the office of Su
to be presented to the conven
tion this evening. This loaves two nomi
nations open, the caucus taking no action
probably open for business on the 16th
fnst. A meeting of the directors was held
yesterday afternoon and various matters
were discussed. It was about decided to
have the proposed excursion through the
oil regions of the Snn Joaqufn Valley one
week from n^xt Friday. Secretary Emil
Kahn reported that he was llstine: many
companies for the opening of the ex
change and that the list of members of
the exchange is full.
Water Works Suit.
The Santa Ro<=a Works has filed
I a suit against the City of Santa Rosa in
the United States Circuit Court to re
strain the city from furnishing water free
to the inhabitants and thereby rescinding
the contract hold by the water works to
supply the city with water for fifty years
from February 4, 1574.
HIGH SCHOOL
ATHLETES IN
COMPETITION
Big Entry for Eleventh Semi- ;
Annual Field Day of Aca
demic Athletic League.
The eleventh Femi-annual field day of
• i-ademic Athletic League will be held
on the Berkeley oval Saturday. The strug
gle for first place between the young ath
•f the Oakland, Berkeley ar.d Ukiah
high schools is expected to prove an ex
citing one. The entries are both numer
ous and high class, the complete list being
as foi:
100- yard daph, first heat — Jacob*. F. H. P. :
.. C. EL B.: Toni, B. H. 6 : B radorl, L.
H. S. Second heat — Jacobas, O. H. 6. ; I'upsr.in,
B. H. S.; Hagans. H. S. ; Hart, L. H. S. Third
heat— Apblll, L.. H. S.; Volm, B. H. B.; Tinnie,
U. H. S : Siw>nce. O H. B.
12"-yard hurdle, first heat— Thomas, U. H. S. ;
Hi re I. H B.; Bowles, ivi. H. B. Second
heat— Hendrickpon, C. H. 8; 'ralp. I* 11. S.
.trd run— Heaiy, P. li B
H. B.; Schumann. P. H. r ; . : Wyckoff, U. H. S. ;
Ro<lgenr. I. H. S. ; Henley, V. H s. Q
P. 11. s. ; Pmilie. O. H. s . Osburn, P. H. B.;
Whitman, O. H. S.; Dkkenson. B. H 6 ; Wood
-.ilK, L,. H. S. ; LKibbins. U. H. S . '■■
Craig, I. H. S.
220-yard dash, first heat— Jacobs, P. 11. H. ;
White. C. H. S. : Asblll. 1.. H. B. ; 1
H. S. Second heat— J. Hartley, B. H. B.; Hol
man. U. H. S. , Wllcoz, v. H. S. .
H. S.
::'-yar<i hurdle, first heat— Bowles, P. H. P.;
Tool, S. H. S.; Groom, L. H. S. Second heat—
Kni.«. hk». B. H. S. ; R. ITiorr.a.s. IV }{. B.
Third h^at— lrwin, B. 11. 6. ; Sturtevant. U.
11. B. Fourth heat— Jacobus, O. H. B.;
L. H. P.; Finn*. U. li. B
One mile run— Schumann. P. H. S. ; Hall. B.
H. S. : Howard. P H B.: Harrison, H. H. P.:
Healy, P. H. s. ; Dobblna. B. EL S. : McCall,
P. H P.; "^"yckoff. U. B a, P. H. 8.;
I'l.UKh. O. II B.; Graves. P. H. S. ; Btalder, 0
H. S : Mart!:,. C H S. : Bmilie, O. H. £.; Pat
:.. C H S.; La 'Irange, Jj. I{. p.
iv,l» vault— lrwln, h. H. S. ; R. Tfcomaa, V.
H. S. ; Nuckolls. U. H. S ; Day, B. Re. H. S.;
Curtis, A. U. A.: Jacobus. O. H. B.
High Jump— Cark-ton, C. H. S.; Cooley, O. H.
S. ; L'upt-an. B. H. B.: Flnn^. T. 11. S ; Kruach
ke. B H. S. ; WyckofT, U. H. P.; Asbllt, U 11.
S.: Oronm, L. H. S. ; Cheek, O. H. S.
12-p"und hammer throw— Nuckolls, U. H. S. ;
teller. U. 11. S.
Broad Jump— Costello, P. 11. P.: Bturtevant,
U. H. S.; Jacobua, P. H. 8. ; Weller. V. H. S ;
Carleton, C. H. S. ; Cooley. O. H P.; Dugpan,
B H. P.; Hart. I* H. P.; Z Hartley. B. H S :
Woodson <:rai«. L. H. B.; Holman. U. H. S.
12 pound shot put— Punker, P. H. P. ; Hen
drlckson. C. H. S. ; Roth. L. H. S. ; Hatoh. B.
U. A.: O'Leary, S. H. S. : Volz. B. H. S. ; Nuck
olls, U. H. 8.: Waller, U. H. S. ; Llgda, O. H.
S. ; Boradorl, L. H. S.
LAKE TAHOE EXCURSION.
A Large Crowd Is Likely _j
Attend.
The Lake Tahoe excursion billed for
next Saturday will be one of the most
brilliant events of the Tahoe season
and is likely to be a record breaker.
Accommodations are already engaged
for nearly three cars, and the delight
ful weather in prospect is making the
demand more brisk. If you are going—
and opportunities like this are rare, re
member — don't delay Becuring your
berth; this will be your last chance
this year.
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
upon them with the understanding that
Horace Davis, the prospective nominee for
Mayor, should have opportunity to-day to
express his preferences, presumably from
the nine remaining upon the committee's
list.
The session was a protracted one, and.
not one moment was dull. Many men
were of different minds and the conse
quence was heated discussion and acri
monious debate, as if In refutation of the
Ruef charge of "slate." An attempt was
made to open up the fight on Police Judge
indorsements In the interest of Thomas
P. Graham, and to rescind the motion by
which A. D. McLean was indorsed for
Coroner, on the ground that he had not
been a resident of the State for five years
last past, but both attempts were de
feated.
The caucus testified also the Implicit
confidence it had In its chairman by em
| powering him to select and to name In
convention to-night a county committee
i of ninety, four from each district, after
I considering the wishes of each delegation,
and eighteen at large.
It was an hour after the time set for the
, caucus before Chairman Kellogg called It
i to order.
Charles J. King of the Thirty-ninth EMs
trlct awakened enthusiasm by offering
three cheers for the chairman, which were
; given with a will.
Delegate Reed of the Thirty-ninth As
sembly District asked the privilege of ad
| dressing the caucus before tho transaction
of any business.
"In view of the disgraceful conduct of
some of the delegates on the floor of the
i convention last night," he said, "I move
, that it be ordered that none but delegates
be allowed on the floor and that the
spectators be confined to the gallery: and
that a sergeant and squad of police be
requested to aid the sergeant-at-arma to
keep order outside." i
CONSUMPTION IS
EPIDEMIC AMONG
THE ESQUIMAUX
Many Deaths Reported
at Point Barrow.
Pie Ftpam whaler Beluga is back in
; with one of the largest catches ever
le in the Arctic. During her absence
thirty months the crew took sixty
three whales; so every man aboard has
a big payday coming- to him. Very few
days passed while the season lasted that
a whale was not taken, and during one
day in August four of the leviathans were
caught. That was not a bad day's work
when the fact that each whale is valued
at over 16000 is taken Into consideration.
Nearly the entire catch was made off
Baiiey Island and Cape Bathurst.
There were two fatalities on the Be
luga during the cruise. On August 26.
LS9B, several whales were sighted and all
the boats were lowered. The mate's boat
made fast to a whale and the mammal
at once sounded. The rope was running
out of the tub so fast that water had to
be poured on the wood to keep it from
catching fire. Unfortunately Just at that
1 moment Oscar Huschenbett stumbled and
stepped into the coil of flying rope. He
! was carried overboard and down out of
i sight in an instant. The rope was at
I once out, but Huschenbett never came to
the surface again.
On September 10, 1598, an Indian was
i killed. He formed one of a boat's crew
i that was fast to a whale. After a long
chase the animal gave up and the boat
approached bo that the lance could finish
the job. Just as the boatheader was
ready to strike the whale its big tail went
up and the next instant the boat was in
■ kindling wood. The Indian was killed out
right, but the rest of the boat's crew were
i saved by the other boats.
! Captain Bodflsh reports that some kind
! of a disease like rapid consumption is
j epidemic among the Indians. At Point
! Barrow, between August 14 and Sep
tember 7 there were nineteen deaths and
at Cape Bathurst three natives died dur
ing the few hours the Beluga was anchor
ed there. The Indians are scared so badly
that, as soon as one of them is taken sick
he. immediately begins making prepara
tions for death. "If the death rate keeps
up at Point Barrow," said Captain Bod
lish yesterday, "there will be no Indians
I left when the whalers get there next
1 spring."
The stories about the whalers Jean
nette, Karluk and Bowhead being chased
by the» Bear are made out of whole cloth.
"The Bear was in the Arctic and I sup
i pose the ofilcers were keeping a bright
! outlook for any one who would attempt to
Bell whisky to the natives," said Captain
Bodflsh. "When the Bear was at Point
Barrow the Jeannette, Karluk and Bow
head were at Herschel Island and when
the three whalers reached Point Barrow
■ the revenue cutter was at St. Michael.
' That was the nearest to each other they
were while I was up there, so the stories
of stern chases and bow chasers sending
leaden messengers after the fleeing whal
ers are all fairy tales."
Tiki and Kaunana. the two Esquimaux
• who came out with Mate Tllton of the
Belvedere with the news of the frozen
whalers two years ago, are back at Point
Barrow. They are considered two of the
■ most artistic liars in the whole of the
frozen north. Their tales of the wonders
they saw in San Francisco are too much
i for the simple natives who have never
: been away from home and never saw a
tall building in their lives.
Captain Bodflsh reports that Captain
James McKenna, in the Fearless, was
ninety miles to the westward of Herschel
Island on August 27 and that Captain
Cogan, in Alaska, left Cape Smyth on
August 23 to go to the westward. Both
vessels were clean. The catch of the
rest of the fleet was given in yesterday
i morning's Call.
PAYMASTERS VISIT
THE MINNESOTA MEN
ALL PAID OFF AND READY TO
LEAVE FOR HOME.
•
Camps at the Presidio Being Rapidly
Emptied of Their Occupants.
Three Regiments Away
To-Day.
The aftermath of muster out came to
the Minnesota men yesterday in the shape
of several heavily laden paymasters who
went away lighter than they came. Every
man in the regiment drew down over $125,
so a goodly sum changed hands before
the thousand men were all paid off. The
men seamed to hive forgotten the fact
that payday was a day late, and they
showed all the enthusiasm the occasion
■warranted. Some of the enthusiasm ex
pended itself in the hazing of one Qf the
officers who had been rather more than
strict, but outside of that the pranks of
the men were directed toward each other.
The regiment will start East this morn
ing. The men will assemble at the ferry
in time to catch the 11 o'clock boat for
Oakland, and within an hour they will be
on their way home. The command will
arrive in time to take part in the parade
in honor of the visit of President McKin
ley to Minneapolis. Then it will be dis
banded.
To-day will be the turn of the men from
South Dakota. They will be mustered out
and paid off. and to-morrow they, too,
will start East.
The departure of the South Dakota reg
iment will leave the camp on the north
Bide of the car track deserted, and the
Montana regiment will be the only body
of outgoing volunteers at the Presidio.
The camp of Manila bound volunteers will
also be deserted, for the Twenty-eighth
and Twenty-ninth regiments will leave to
day on the transports Zealandia, City of
Para and Valencia. The coming of the
Washington regiment from Manila will
bring more troops in by the end of this
week, for the Washington men are on the
Pennsylvania and the Pennsylvania is due
any time. There will be no more troops
coming in from the East for some time
yet, for the going of the Tweoty-eighth
and the Twenty-ninth regiments will fin
ish the regiments formed under the first
call for ten. The Thirty-first Regiment
I Several delegates voiced the opinion that
! that was a matter for the convention,
i which was amply able to take care of it
! self. In this view of It, Delegate Reed
! withdrew his motion and the convention
proceeded with its business.
Charles L.. Field, chairman of the com
mittee: appointed to select the candidates
for Supervisor, announced the result of Its
deliberations. He said the task had been
not altogether an agreeable one. The com
mittee nad worked faithfully and many
hours'. Those who appeared before the
members had urged tne candidates for
whom they had been instructed without
overstepping the bounds. Not a single
candidate whose cause had been espoused
by a member of the cormnittee had re
ceived favorable consideration.
The names recommended were: Nathan
Bibo, 1515 Vallejo street; Charles Bliss,
1904 Golden Gate avenue; Major Charles
: Boxton, 614 Hayes street; Joseph Britton,
;-."i I'nion street; Colonel Victor Duboce.
■ 037 Baker street; Samuel Foster, 1722
Washington street; D. C. M. Godsell, 429
First street; Thomas L. Henderson, 125
Buona Vista avenue; W. C. Johnson, 4079
Eighteenth street ; Milo S. Jefters, 509
Sixth street; Charles J. King, Hotel St.
Nicholas; Ueorge R. Sanderson. 3708 Jack
son street: George 1 Shaw, 320^an Carlos
i avenuS; Dr. E. N. Torello, 4267 Mission
street- "William Watson, 2506 Harrison
street- C S. Wright, 1201 Jones street;
Adam Beck. 202S Mission street; Willis M.
Brown. 525 Turk street; James L. Field.
718 Oak street; S. H. Kent. 614 Sutter
street ; Sidney M. Smith. Broadway and
Webster street; John L. Koster, 926 Grove
street; James Patterson, 924 Greenwich
| street: M. R. Roberts Jr., 904 Washington
street; Robert McMullan, 500 Thirteenth
etreet-
It was the committee's recommendation
that the first sixteen names mentioned
be the nominees of the caucus. Mr. Field
I explained that the sixteen wer* the choice
Is still in quarantine at Angel Island, but
as soon as it can be released it will bo
put on a transport and will be shipped
across the ocean without a day's delay.
After the Pennsylvania will come the
Tartar with the Kansas regiment aboard,
and after her the navy troopship Solace
wiih, among others. General Funston.
Major James F. Case of the Fortieth
Infantry has reported for duty to the de
partment headquarters, and he has been
ordered to take charge of the battalion
of the Fortieth, now being recruited at
the Presidio.
Captain Arthur T>. B. Davies of the
Thirty-third Infantry has been ordered
to proceed to the Philippines on the trans
port Valencia.
Miss Bartholomew, chief nurse, has
been ordered to proceed to Honolulu on
the transport City of Para.
THE ABBOTT
CREATES A
SENSATION
Bolts Twice and Then Wins
the Wilson Stake at
Lexington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON. Oct. 4.— The weather was
perfect and the track in line shape for
the second day's trot. The feature was
the Futurity, won by L. V. Harness* Fe
reno in straight heats. The Tramp, the
favorite before the first heat, finished sec
ond.
Kil.y B, favorite for the Wilson stake,
was never better than second. Shaov '■■ •
fourth in the first beat, wen the next
• and the race, making every pole
a winning one ami landing the money in
irauvely easy manner. The Abbott
w.i.s favorite at %-•*> to $20 in the free for
all, but just when Geeri was ready to
make his race at the three-quarters' pole
he bolted entirely across the track. This
performance was duplicated in the next
heat, Bingen finishing first in both. After
then It was easy for The Abbott, who
had no trouble m landing the next three
heats and the ra> c. From a time stand
point tho race was a disappointment.
Thomas W. Lawson of Boston, who won
$4'i.'t'wj on ;he Kentucky, played The Ab
bott heavily after be had lo*t two heats.
He is reported to have placed $7000 In the
pools on The Abbott. This is Tho Ab
bott's tenth straight victory, having
;.. vi r bet n beati n this season. Results:
The Wilson stake, for 8:20 pacers, valuo
12000— Shade Orr won second, third and
fourth heats. Time. 2:loft, - 1 -. -:l-4- Ed
ward S won first heat in i: : I'" 1 •: and was
Becond; Johnny Agan third. Kiley B and
Mtss K'Hth also started.
The Futurity, 2-year-old trotters, value
(5000- Fereno won in straight heats. Tinv>,
2:17, 2:llft. The Tramp second. Confidence
third, Susan J fourth. Iva Dee, Momento
and BlnatO also start, d.
Frcp for all trotting, ptirse $2000— The
Abbott won third, fourth and fifth heats.
Time. 2:07%, 2 ' V U. 2:loft. Hlngen won tirst
and second heats and was second. Time,
: uT^ . 2:09. Crescius third.
CELEBRATION OF 1900.
Native Sons Prepare for the Semi-
Centenary of the Admission
of California.
Grand President Frank Mattlson of the
Native Sons of the Golden West Issued
the followlnß yesterday in connection
with the proposed celebration by the
Native Sons in 1900:
In order that the celebration of the flftlPth
anniversary of the admission of California Into
:».•• Union may be conducted In a manner be
coming the reputation at "iir order, and suit
able to the Importance of the event unusual de
liberation and care should be exercised in the
selection of the Joint committee. With that
end In view, 1 extend a call to the presidents
of the parlors of San Francisco Jurisdiction to
assemble at Balboa Hall. N. 8. <J. \V. build
ing, 4H Mas<n Ftreet, on Saturday evening,
October 7, IS>99. at 8 o'clock, for the purpose of
considering the best manner of selecting the
1900 committee, the number to be allotted to
each parlor and the time of its organization.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
James H. Neaple, physician, Sacra
mento, $10, l.'« 30; assets, $7418 50. B. Lang
endorf, merchant and baker, San Fran
cisco, $7029 1G; no assets.
Escaped Lunatic Recaptured.
Dennis C. Sullivan, 6194 Minna street,
was sent to the Agnews Asylum June 6
last and made his escape last Sunday. He
walked all the way back to the city, and
about 3 o'clock yesterday morning was
found kneeling on the sidewaJk In front of
A
Telegram !
Los Angeles, Oct. 4, 1899
Big Panoche Oil Co,
San Francisco.
Placed order for rig with
McAfee.
H. E CORBETT.
Shares at $1.80 un *'l the rig
is on the ground, then price goes
to $3 per share. Don't delay.
BIG PANOGHE OIL CO.,
Adams Building, 206 Kearny St.,
San Francisco.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
of the prospective Republican candidate i
for Mayor. It was stated that all of the
committeemen agreed to the report with
one exception.
T. V. Maxwell of the Thirty-seventh
District announced that he was the dis
senting member of the committee and as
such. In the way of minority report, j
moved as an amendment that the name of •
James E. Field, the choice of the Thirty
seventh District for Supervisor, be placed
at the head of the list.
J. H. Humphreys of the Thirty-seventh
District arose to oppose the amendment
offered by Maxwell. He said:
"As a member of the Thirty-seventh I
Assembly District and as one who sup- I
ported Mr. Field in the committee I hope
tee original motion will prevail. This is i
considerable of a stand for a man to take,
but I believe it is a stand in the cause
of right and right is what we want to
prevail. This report carries with it the
nomination of sixteen men who are ac
ceptable to our probable candidate for I
Mayor. Mr. Field should take his chances |
with the other names submitted. I think !
that the wishes of the prospective candi- !
date for Mayor should be respected."
Amendments were offered adding the '
names of Captain Roberts and Joseph P. :
Le Count to the names of nominees. I
Joseph G. Boyne of the Forty-third, who '
offered the name of Captain Roberts,
Delegates Hazell, Bradford, Maxwell, I
Elder and Solomons, took part in the ex
cited discussion that followed and which
seemed far off from settlement when
Edmond Tauszky, in order to clear up the !
matter, moved as a substitute that the i
entire list of names submitted by the i
committee should be placed before the
caucus to be voted upon.
Another lively discussion followed, In ■
which Delegates Boyne, Bradford and i
Maxwell spit fire at each other. Chair- j
man Field of the Supervisors' committee i
arose to a question of privilege to refute I
St. Ignatius Church by Policeman Cough
ran. He told the officer that he was en
gaged as bookkeeper in the church, but he
was taken to the Insane ward In the Re
ceiving Hospital, and yesterday morning
the asylum authorities were notified.
SEMPER EGO IN FRONT.
Wins the Two-Mile Autumn Handi-
cap at Morris Park.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— The Autumn
hurdle handicap and the Hurricane
selling stakes were the features at Mor
ris Park to-day. The first was ruined by
scratches, only three accepting, and
Semper Ego. at prohibitive odds, won
easily from Julius Caesar. In the Hurri
cane King Bramble was a lukewarm
favorite, Coburg and Fleuron being equal
second choice. Jen made the running to
the dip. Fleuron, who had been close,
went to the front, but her leadership was
short, as Coburg came with a rush on the
outside and won driving by half a length,
Fleuron beating Native a neck for the
place. In the second race Peace fell, but
her jockey escaped injury- Peace is
owned by Fred Foster, whose two horses.
Abuse and St. Clair, fell and were shot
at Gravesend a few days ago. Results:
Autumn hurale handicap, two mile—
Semper Ego won, Julius Caesar second;
Merlin third. Time, 3:43.
Five furlongs— Pupil won, St. Callatine
second, McMeekin third. Time, :55Vi-
The Hurricane, five furlongs, selling—
Coburg won, Fleuron second, Native third.
Time, :5&%.
Six and a half furlongs— Saddueee
won. His Excellency second, Kilmarnock
third. Time, 1:20.
One mile — Waterhouse won, Desperado
second, GeneraJ Shatter third. Time,
1:42%.
One mile, selling— Hardly won, Souchon
id. The Bird third. Time 1:40.
CHICAGO, OcL 4.— Weather clear; track
fast at Hawthorne to-day. Results:
Six furlongs, Animus won, Brown Dick
second, Maryland Reserve third. Time,
1:16)4.
i-'i\e furlongs, Frank Roll won, 81m W
■econd, Lamity third. Time, l:uU*.
One and an eighth miles, Yincennes
won, Pay the Fiddler second, Pat Garrett
third. Time, I:66ft,
Five and a half furlongs, Hagerdon won.
Van Boorebeke second, Ked Cross II
third. Time. 1:08 ft.
One mile, Catastrophe won, Tappan sec
ond. Martha Fox third. Time, 1:414.
Mi]u and seventy yards, Serrano won,
i Tulla Fonso second, Benneville third.
Time, 1:45.
DETROIT. Oct. 4.-Track fast; weather
showery.
Six furlongs, selling:, Salvado won. Sir
Blaze second, Rosy Morn third. Time
1:16.
Five furlongs, Fulminator won, Broocb
second. Alfred Margrave third. Time. 1:02.
Six furlongs, Athy won. Belle Arnst
second, Yonose third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs, selling. Vohicer won.
Phnroah second. May S third. Time
1:91%.
MIIp and a sixteenth. Traveler won, Em
second. Branch third. Time, 1:48%.
Race Starter Selected.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 4.— At a meeting
of the directors of the Sixth District
Agricultural Association this morning
Charles A. Willis of New York was se
lected as starter for the harness races
of the coming meet and J. F. Caldwtll
starter for the running events. The races
begin on the 21st and last to the 2Sth.
Music in the Air.
TTipt* 1s mimic In the air every evening 1 at
Zlnkand's. Ferdinand Stark's celebrated or
chestra being responsible for it. •
Suicide While Demented.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday j
upon the body of Malcolm E. Atkins, the '
printer who asphyxiated himself with il- !
luminating gas last Monday. The jury i
returned a verdict that the deceased com- ;
mitted suicide while laboring under mel
ancholia. '
I jKsllliHiH lß/ '"clothes— that is, they don't
( &&^ x^S^^l^^li r/ buy a new sstu ' t as ten as i
I ki^|^|^/ they would wish. They think |
P — -^ that it would cost too much; 1
U . but they are wrong. . |j
i They can pay $10.00 tor one of our all-wool tailor- f|
E made suits — a suit that will look well, wear well and B
U give entire satisfaction. • H
i These suits are so economical that they prove good p
H purchases for those who want to be moderate in the ||
B amount of money they spend for clothes. n
|S We give samples freely of our $10.00 suits, either |l
H upon request in person or by mail. 1
I S. N. WOOD & CO., I
H| 718 Market Street and . |
8 Corner Powell and Eddy. |
- - _ —* ■
the Insinuation that the committee had
done business in the absence of a quorum.
Captain Roberts, who had been named as
a candidate for Supervisor by Delegate
Boyne, withdrew his name. The substi
tute was put to the house and lost by a
decisive vote. The amendments adding
I the names of James E. Field and J. P.
j Le Count were defeated and ihe original
motion, adopting the report of the com
mittee and naming the first sixteen on
the list as the caucus choice for Super
visors, was carried.
Delegate Tauszky's motion that the
thanks of the delegates be extended to
the committee on Supervisors for its
labors was carried with cheers.
Delegate Burns of the Thirty-first Dls
; trict moved that the caucus rescind the
action by which it had indorsed Dr. Mc-
Lean for Coroner, explaining that the
candidate was in Kentucky In 1895. Later
Dr. McLean explained that at that time
he was a resident of San Francisco, in
Kentucky perfecting his education. The
motion was laid on the table. A similar
motion from Delegate Haynes to re
open the question of the indorsement of
j Police Judges in the interest of Graham
i was lost, after a spirited passage, in
I which Delegate Bradford voiced his de
| sire that' the caucus rescind Its action
I indorsing Mr. Haynes' candidate for Tax
Collector.
When the Graham incident had been
closed the matter of appointing a county
committee was brought up. After con
siderable discussion it was decided to
allow the chairman to appoint the entire
committee after consultation with the
chairmen of the delegations.
To-night's convention will nominate a
candidate for Superior Judge for the un
] expired term, and a committee was
named to find a candidate.
The nominating convention will com
| plete Its work to-night at B'nal B'rlth
1 Hall.
CHANCE TO HAVE
AN INTERSTATE
COMMISSIONER
Coast Merchants See
an Opening.
— ♦ —
The mercantile organizations of the
city will attempt to secure the appoint
ment of a member of the Interstate Com
merce Commission to represent the Pacific
Coast. News was received yesterday that
there is a vacancy caused by the resigna
tion of Calhoun of Illinois. Immediately
the importance of getting representation
for the Pacific Coast became manifest.
Without delay arrangements were made
to have meetings called of the directors
of the San Francisco Board of Trade,
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce,
and Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation, to ask the California Congres
sional delegation to use its Influence. This
afternoon th> directors of the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade will meet to consider
the matter.
Newa was also received yesterday that
the Interstate Commerce Commission will
meet October 30 in AVashlr.gton, D. C,
to try the suit of the St. Louis and
Chicago Jobbers' suit to compel the trans
i continental roads to make gTaded rates
; and take other steps that will, if the com
mission decides in favor of the Eastern
| men. give Chicago and St. Louis the open
! ing to get the. trade of the Pacific i
that they have bo long sought to seize.
The fight at Washington in behalf of
coast business interests will l>f conducted
I by Messrs. Loveland and W. 11. W. 1
representing, respectively, the Assoclati i
Wholesale Grocers of California and the
' Pacific Coast Hardware and Metal Asso
ciation. These orcanizations are repre
: sentative as th-3 following lists of officers
win show: Hardware and Metal
elation— President, Brae- Hayden of l»i;n
--hani, Carrigan & Hayden Co.; first vice
president, W. F. Robertson of Corbett,
Failing & Robertson, Portland: i
vice president. C. C. Reynolds of Harper
!& Reynolds Co., Los Angeles: third vice
1 president, William Schaw of Schaw. In
i gram. Batcher &■ Co., Sacramento; treas
i urer, W. A. Waterhouse of Waterhouse
i & Lester. San Francisco; secretary,
Thomas Smith, San Francisco. The ex
ecutive committee consists of Wakefield
Baker, A. A. Watkins. A. L. Scott, 11. J.
Morton, William R. Wheeler and Charles
F. Tay of San Francisco, and Alphonso
A. Wigmore of Los Angeles. The officers
of the Associated Wholesale Grocers of
California are: President, William Hass;
vice president, Fred Tlllmann Jr.- treas
urer. William Cluff; secretary, A. L. Ehr
man; assistant secretary, R. H. Bennett
Jr.: general representative, H. D. Love
land. Directors— William Haas, P. C.
Drescher. E. A. Engelberg. G. A. Kohn,
A. L. Ehrman, J. Levl Jr.. S. Sussm.m.
!W. F. Mau. William Cluff. A second con
ference took place yesterday afternoon
concerning a mass meeting to be held In
a few days.
The new watermelon color at "Keith's"*
In the Divorce Court.
Maud H. Wells has been granted a di
vorce from F. J. Wells on the ground of
willful neglect. Sadie K. Jordan was
framed a divorce yesterday from J. C.
ordan on the ground of cruelty. Martha
Jane Marsh sues William M. Marsh for
failure to provide. Louise Traser sues
Philip Traser for desertion and Henry
Dubbers sues Ella Dubbers for infidelity.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
KIDNEY TROUBLE.
The Most Prevalent, Dangerous and
Deceptive Disease.
Thousands Have It and Don't Enow It.
Pains and aches come from excess of
uric acid in the blood, due to neglected
kidney trouble. Kidney trouble causes
quick or unsteady heart beats, and
makes one feel as though they had
heart trouble, because the heart Is
overworking to pump the thick, kid-
ney-poisoned blood through the veins
and arteries.
Soreness or uncomfortable feeling In
the back indicates kidney trouble of no
small importance.
The passing of scanty or profuse
quantities of urine ia a warning of kid-
ney trouble. If you want to feel well
you can make no mistake by first doc-
toring your kidneys.
The famous new discovery, I>r. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, is the true specific
for kidney. bladd*er and urinary
troubles. It has cured thousands of
apparently hopeless cases after all
other efforts have failed.
Sold on its merits by nil druggists in
fifty-cent and one dollar sizes. A sam-
ple bottle sent free by mail to any ad-
dress. Also a book telling all about
Swamp-Root and its wonderful cures.
When writing, address Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton. N. V., and mention
that you read this generous offer in
the San Francisco Daily Call.
1 BEECH AM $\
A §Oa 1 U H «>™ Improve tie i\
ria U HG& general health. w
hu IEaBBW 10 cents &25cents. g
■*-G-»-O-^O-*- O-«-O-»-O -♦■ O-»-O-«-O-e-O-»-O-e-O-e.
MIIHIIM-LI-U !_-_/■!
♦ m Natural Mineral Water?
♦ Ham, known for centuries and ♦
O IJBgSL imported o
♦ aSS ONLY in bottles. ♦
o I^^» or disordered Stomach ♦
♦ SbSL an * liaigestion. °
O |»!£222|Slt.s vnlue has teen testl. o
O fily— -'ffi-rt fled to by thousands. ♦
♦ f VICKY I So-called Vichy in Sy- °
♦ %oso-. IS NOT VICHY. ♦
♦ iSy^^M Get the Genuine. °
O tfe;j3fi(Ssw Tour physician O
♦ |ffng£j Wjsr w ''l! recommend it. ♦
O gjgftlitlg A. VIGNIEE, Dittribnting Agent °
i •*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o-*-o ■*■ o-*-o-*-o -*-o-*-o-*-o-^
Any Oculist
Will Tell
1 You we are careful and competent to fit becom-
, ing glasses without slip, tilt or waver with the
I new clip: 50 cents.
j Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
i Ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ HOT c
642 Market St. instruments
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fidelityand Casualty
COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. in the State of New York.
on the 31st day of December, A. D. ISSS,
; and for the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
1 or California, pursuant to the provisions of
' sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
i missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company — $570,832 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.045.376 25
i Cash in Company's Office 34,141 74
Cash In Banks 41,976 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.016 67
! Rents due and accrued 2.059 10
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion : 331.060 39
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, rein-
surance reserve deposit 19,268 91
Total Assets ■■$3,109, 731 63
LIABILITIES. ~ ' "
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $170,476 33
Losses resisted. Including expenses
(of which $375,400 00 are resisted .
for Insured) 391.297 85
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 60 per cent 1, 495.02* 98
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ — ■ ; rein-
surance pro rata '. 172,541 56
All other liabilities 48,0?S 90
Total Liabilities ..$2.279.441 65
I- v. / INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums '. $3,209,343 60
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 79.1.'6 33
■Received for Rents 56.053 58
j Received from all other sources 11.633 91
Total Income $3,356.279 42
EXPENDITURES. ~ ':;
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ , losses of previous
years) $1,541,095 03
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 840.150 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges- for officers, clerks, etc 134,775 02
Paid for State, National and local
taaps 58.991 82
All other payments and expenditures 475,239 95
Total Expenditures $3,100,252 18
Losses Incurred during the year $1,275,004 20
GEO. F. SEWARD. President
ROBT. J. HILLAS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
10th day of February. 1599.
;-/;,; E. A. RABNER, Notary Public
pacific COAST DEPARTMENT,
S. C PARDEE,
Resident Manager and. Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO, . CAL.
IfoftffiDß. BALL'S BEINVIGOBATOR
Bag fSS Five hundred reward for any
ij" """R case we cannot cure. This secret
|gg "«e-"*S remedy stops all losses In 21
■MM ■sag hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
Vltt K7i]|J tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
«■ HH Gleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
3|^-PPSH Manhood and all wasting effects
■"*■ " ' ™ of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073H Market st., S. F. All privata
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book,
34
lOest
THE PIKERS
IN CLOVER
AT OAKLAND
Stromo In First at Odds of
50 to J. — Two Choices
First.
Stromo, the Burns & Waterhouse cast
off, cut a wide swath at Oakland yester
day. He was. a starter in the second
event, over one mile, and a sixteenth, and
so lightly were his chances thought of
that some of the books laid as good as
50 to 1 about the gelding. With little
Fauntleroy on his back, he took the lead
from the start and was never caught,
winning by half a length from Donator.
Dare 11, the top-heavy favorite should
have won, but Walsh misjudged the pace
so badly, waiting for. the. winner to come
back, that he' barely took the show from
Kingmaster. ' ■ ■•
The Stromboli., horse was not the only
rank outsider to wear brackets, for, in
the closing event. New' Moon, a 12 to 1
shot, disposed of the warm favorite
Hohenzollorn. My Gypsy and Panamint
proved the only successful favorites.
The six maiden two-year-olds in the
first dash were not an inviting lot, and
a fair price was obtainable against any
of the starters. My Gypsy looked about
the best, m:d it turned out a Cakewalk
for her. Champion Rose finished well,
downing Follgno for the place.
Nine bad actors caused a half hour de
lay at- the post in the six furlong seOing
handicap. Lavntor, his -first time out.
carried the bulk of the money bet, but
showed none of bis old-time speed, run
ning- third. In a go-as-you-please finish
in the last furlong, Mounde on Magnus
left the bunch.; beating Charles Le Bel
three lengths at the wire.
Fanamint was "Hawkins* horse" yes
terday, and in the six furlong sprint fol
lowing, after Being badly pocketed on the
back stretch, Thorpe threaded his way
out, winning cleverly from Jerid. The
latter made all the running, showing
much improvement over his Chicago
form. Mike Rice was strongly backed
second choice, but was led out for the
third place by Meadow Lark.
11. Stuart astride New Moon furnished
the surprise in tho concluding mile selling
run. Away in the lead, the mare failed to
back up noticeably, and though inclined
to run out the last part, lasted long
enough to get the verdict from Hohen
zollern by a neck. Lodestar ran a bang
up third.
To-Day's Entries.
The entries lor to-day's running events are as
■
First race — Six furl"nsr?. E.-lling; three-year
olds:
119 Rainier 1191 f'7 Correct 112
11 ■■ X.-v del S. Juan.ll9 111 Ja.:k MrCabe. ...112
in Faversham n. r ,
Second race — Seven furlonga, selling; three
is riTi.l upward:
117 liinermaster . Senator "Wilson. .ll2
'■■■Ira 112 108 Alarta 104
114 Rapido 109 106 Manzanilla 109
Third rare— Six furlongs'; all ages; selling:
101 Abbieolo 91 ...Tourist EC 114
11". Anchored ill 107 El Arte 91
105 Rose Of Hi 1...... 91 ... Sylvan I^ass ....114
102 Monrovia 113 119 Jerld U7
114 101 Enjoyment 91
122 j
Fourth race— One mile and n sixteenth; three
handlcap:
114 P. A. Finn.;;. iHamle 0 100
■;■ til.cc 90 II • Morlnel 103
m ion BE
12 Eiohenzollera .
• i race— Futurity course: two-year-olds;
haniii .
' qua Bill 113 ■ " .I;^' •■ 1 SS
101 Ned Dennis.. I Bamboulia ... I
... 1 laniel .'. ns
rhe Echo 104 lirßathoa ..105
Selections for To-Day.
• rai-e— Vn\ ■ ■ '■. McCa.be, Raln
' rare— Alfirin. Ilapi'l ", Manzanilla.
Thl '  I'.'li.-'h.
New Xi -.:. Morlnel, Hohenzol
lern.
Fifth race— Bathos, Bogus TMU. I'inmboulla.
NEW SHOOTING RECORD.
Elliott Defeats Crosby, Killing One
Hundred Straight Birds.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. 4.— At Expo
s=lt!'>!i Park to-day j. A. R. Elliott de
; W. R. < ': ' . i v of BataA ia. X. V., in
a rncf for th< tie] ■ '•■ lie cup, killing' 100
birds straight to Crosby's 97. This estab
lishes a new record for the Winchester
pump gun, although Elliott already had
a record of I"' 1 straight kills, made In this
...w in .i match with
Dr. Carver.
Although a drizzling rain fell durine the
shoot Elliott's work was perfect. Wlvn
he killed hi Ighth straight, which
cinched th< race, a cheer went up frqm
tho stand, and when h( grazed bis lasi
one, a fast right quartering outgoing bird,
a hearty round or applause was given the
champion.
sby l"?t his forty-ninth bird and his
fifty-seventh and ninety-seventh fill dead
outside the bounds.
Elliott's work yesterday and to-day is
considered remarkable, in two matches
he k • • _ i !rosby killed I'm
out of
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
•water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. »
Wild Duck Scarce.
WOODLAND, Oct. 4.— The open season
for wild duck is at hand, but In Yolo
County, usually considered a paradise for
hunters at this season of the year, there
is an extraordinary scarcity of wild game.
This is due to the fact that all the lakes
and ponds are dry, and there is no water
in the marches.
Rebeknhs Drill To-Nierht.
This evening Rebekah Drill Corps No. 2
of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
will give Its first public military drill in
the main hall of the Odd Fellows* build
inp. In addition to the drill there will
be a programme of entertainment ar
ranged under the direction of a committee
of the local R. ■',>■ k;ih lodges.
ft TRADE-MARK V>
I lAIN]
The FINEST GIN
Imported.
Especially Adapted for Family Use
And Medicinal Purposes.
IN LARGE SQUARE WHITE BOTTLES.
Annexed Trade Mark Appears on
Cap and is Blown in on Shoulder.
Sold by Grocers and Dealers.
Beware of Fllled-Up Bottles.
CHARLFB >fKI>.TSCKE & CO.,
■oi« Agenu, Sl4 Sacramento Street, 8. P.
Sporting &»ents from All Over the World.
CLUBMEN PLAY POLO BRILLIANTLY
IN GOLDEN GATE PARK AMPHITHEATER
AN EXCITING MOMENT WHEN THE BALL WAS IN THE TERRITORY OF THE REDS.
VICTORY rested with the quartet
of polo players captained by Walter
Hobart in the panic played in
Golden Gate Park yesterday after
noon. Their opponents had the game
won up to the last moment of play,
when by some brilliant, persistent work
on the part of Hobart's men they tied
the score. The followers of th' reds
were preparing to cheer their favorites
when I'ct'-r Martin secured the ball and
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, October 4, 1899.— Tenth day
of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine. Track
fast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
drove it aero.cp the field toward goal.
There was a mad scamper after him
and he failed to get the ball near tho
goal posts. After a scrimmage on tho
east< rly end of the field the ball was
driven back. Driscoll, who played
throughout as though his life depended
on his efforts, placed the ball near the
whites' goal and Charlie Dunphy drove
it between the goal posts, scoring the
one point n< cessary to win the game.
The teams were made up as follows:
Reds— Edward Tobin, 1; C. A. Baldwin,
2; Peter Martin, 3; R. M. Tobin (cap
.tnini, 4.
Whites— P. J. Carolan, 1; W. S. Ilobnrt
(captain), 2; Thomas Driscoll, 3; Charl-a
Dunphy, 4.
The match attracted a large attend
:nice, •sp<c' l ;it' < rs lining tho field, while
four-in-hand coaches, breaks and other
fashionable equipages tilled with
daintily gowned Women occupied points
of vantage on the park drives. Both
the players and their ponies were in
grand form and one of the most ex
citing and bitterly contested games re
sulted. The honors of the day went to
C. A. Baldwin of the reds and "Tom"
Driscoll of the whites. Driscoll, who is
n left-handed player, made some bril
liant strokes, sending the ball far across
the field on several occasions and plac
ing it accurately. Baldwin played a
steady, sure game, making every stroke
at the ball count. He scored the major
portion of the goals for his team.
He commenced with a dash as the ball
had been in play but fifteen seconds
when he sent it flying between the fiag
ALL NINES ARE
WORKING FOR
FIRST HONORS
Change in the Selection of Lo
cality — Three Games for
San Francisco Weekly.
Now the ball trams are coming together
with a Hash. The three victories of San
Francisco over Santa Cruz and the two
straight which Oakland took from the
leaders Saturday and Sunday at Sacra
mento have altered the entire complexion
of things.
It is now not only a possibility but a
strong probability that Sacramento and
San Francisco will come together in a
most intense struggle for first place dur
ing the frames at the end of the week.
Should the locals win the rhree games of
the series they will lead the Senators in
the percentage column. It' but two out
of the three games are won by San Fran
cisco the Senators will still hold the lead
[Li^ht for Weak Men.
■dtfF'Kfrfc Electricity — the Fountain of Youth, the perpetual
5 energy which sustains all animal life. It is the
o JsT^ Mft source from which springs the bubbling spirit of
° ■ il©^& l!lHfc yin young manhood - It is the vital element
0 »IL\*- JmW which keeps up the nerve force in old men to a
«a (kfaff good old age.
1 W^^^^W^ - If you are weak from the effects of youthful
? errors or later excesses you should at once get one'
% J^^m^^^^^^s of m famous Dr - Sanden Electric Belts, with spe-
% f^Wij^^^^^^^ Cial attachment for men. It gives you electricity in
o .%{^V/!m2lmxMiW& the proper form and right quantities. It is the re-
o copyrighted. suit of my 3O years' experience as a specialist.
% ■•";■ '^*— GOOO CURES IN 1898. — -*
% Send for my latest book, "Three Classes of Men." It is sent, SEALED
J FREE. Or call and test the Belt.
♦ OF? TT A ftAr^r^FTlNl 18 Third Street,
% J-JT^# '1 . /TV. C^^Vl-^j-JLJ.JC^ I^l, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
O • . ... Office Hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 11 to 1.
4>
• o^b*>O4!O^Q«> O ® O<» o<J>o<s'o<s'o<»o(S'o<S>o<?>o4>o'«>o«>o<s> O «3> O <$> O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^O^ 0 <$> 0-$O-s>o3>o<S>o
topped goal posts. Driscoll and Carolan
then struggled for possession of the ball
and finally secured it from their op
ponents. Carolan soon had it all to him
self and with a clear field in front of him
he used it until he finally drove the
white sphere through tho first goal for
his team. This was after two minutes'
play. At the end of the next two min
utes he had scored again. Before the
period closed "Tom" Driscoll drove tno
ball over one hundred yards with one
stroke. This was pronounced one of the
longest drives ever seen on a California
polo field.
The score at the end of the first period
was announced as whites 3, reels 1. The
Unofficial score showed only two for the
whites. Just before the end of the period
Hobart, Martin and Carolan dashed across
the field at a mad gallop in pursuit of the
ball. The Spectators cheered the rider«
and their ponies for the great effort they
made.
In the second period Baldwin again
scored the first goal, this time after three
and a half minutes of play. Two minutes
later he tied the score, making it three
all. Shortly after this he secured the ball
by at least 10 per cent. That is one of the
reasons why the fight between both teams
will bo at its hottest. Saturday and Sun
day.
Oakland has won fifteen out of the
nineteen games played since the reorgan
ization of the team and Cal Kwing is most
earnest in his desire to advance the Dudes
from fourth to at least third place. The
three defeats which were forced down the
throat of the I-obsters by the "Wasps was
effective in two ways, advancing the
locals and forcing the beach men to a
level within reach of the Dudes.
The percentage ranking of the teams is
as follows:
A change has been made in the selection
of locality for the playing of the games.
Sacramento will meet San Francisco on
Saturday afternoon, Sunday morning and
afternoon at Recreation grounds. This
again and with all the players behind him
in mad pursuit ho scored again for the
reds before any one could head him off.
When the next ball was put in play by
I'mpire Harry Simpkins. Hobart secured
it and carried it part way across the field.
He had a neck and neck race with Bald
win, who secured the ball, lost it and se
cured it again in time to score hie fifth
goal for his team and to show that he was
It.
He was not through yet, as with a great
backhanded stroke he scored another goal
while pallnpinp. Drlscoll broke the spell
for the whites, lifting the bail in a
straight line for the goal and driving it
through, despite Tobin's efforts to keep
it out.
The score was 7 to 4 In favor nf the
reds at the commencement of the fourth
period. Hobart and Driscoll played mag
nificently and soon had the score 7 to 5,
then 7 to 6. and lust at the last instant of
play made it 7 all. Driscoll hit the ball
which caromed on Hobart's pony and
went between the posts. In playing off
the tie the whites maintained their speed
and secured the deciding goal.
Harry Simpkins was umpire and Buck
ley Johnson referee and timekeeper.
will give the public of San Francisco a
chance to see all three games. Instead
of playing the games between Oakland
and Santa Cruz at Santa Cruz they will be
played at Oakland Saturday afternoon
Sunday morning and afternoon. The Oak
land enthusiasts will be entertained with
three games on their own grounds. This
Inn-ivation is an experiment, the outcome
of which the league officials are anxiously
awaiting,
Cal Ewing will force his protest on the
two games with San Jose. He is now in
a fair way for third place, and he is anx
ious to reach that position in the column
Rcllly made seven hits in the last two
games— Saturdny and Sunday
llutchinfon is hitting well "for Oakland
The changes made in the line-up of Saii
Francisco has acted as a mascot. Three
straJght games surprised Uncle out of his
breath and natural repose.
All talk of a six or eight club leaeuiihas
been postponed until the end of the sen-
Bon, when the league officials will begin
Dewey Celebration.
Americans are auiek to appreciate merit. The
Dewey celebrations prove that, and it is again
forcibly demonstrated in the praise and confi
dence which is accorded to Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, one of the most meritorious remedies
ever compounded for indigestion, constipation,
'dyspepsia, biliousness, liver or kidney disease
or any trouble arising from a weak stomach
If you have a weak stomnch don't fail to try it
Oast
to consider the matter. Watsonville,
Stockton, Vallejo and San Jose are de
sirous of having teams in the league, but
nothing of a definite natura has as yet
been determined.
Ladies With the Elks.
At the ladies' nisht to be given to
morrow evening- by San Francisco Lodge
of the Protective Benevolent Order of
Elks in their hall on Sutter street Felix
Morris and John Morrisey will be the
chairmen. There will be talent from the
California Theater, Columbia, Grand Op
era-house. Alcazar, Olympia and the
Chutes. Many prominent ladies have been
Invited to enjoy a first-class programme.
For More Sports See Page 11.
«S| ALLAYS PAIN
HF'yV^'^B Hudyan allays
«#—?» P am m head
M Wk\,Sm I ' P am ' n back
P^^ r< r^ WA pain in side
IBiA \ 'I ' ' ' VB
L^^^^j^F*'^ pain in mus-
njn pain in liver
pain In kid-
_jfe j^M^ ne y s
Ppain oym
WL bowels
F\ ' '&<&} dragging
' .«vj pains
"^^^HJ^^t^-**-* bearing -down
m jg 0 pains
Drugstores Sell Hodyan, 50c.
HUDYAN CURES . NERVOUSNESS,
** Twitchings, Melancholia. Sleepless-
ness, Despondency, Irritability. HUD-
YAN is good, for It cures permanently.
HUDYAN is a capital remedy for that
heart complication characterized by head-
aches (Fig. 5), flushing of face upon slight
exertion (Fig. 4), choking sensations and
difficult breathing (Fig. 1), Irregular flut-
tering (Fig. 2), cold hands (Fig. 3) and
feet.
Men and women take HUDYAN, and
Invariably It brings absolute comfort.
HUDYAN acts upon all organs of the
body — upon the nerves that govern these
organs as well. HUDYAN makes new
blood, rich in health-giving elements.
HUDYAN is for you— it is within your
reach. Get HUDYAN from your drug-
gist, 50c a package; six packages $2.50. If
he does not keep it send direct to HUD-
YAN REMEDY COMPANY, corner
Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San
Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
i
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
QUEEN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
18$8 and for the year ending on that day, as
made -to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and till of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash • •• 1600,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $721,770 63
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,494,631
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 11.799 52
Cash In Banks . i. 102,803 4o
Interest due and accrued on all ...„
Stocks and Loans  44,042 97
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion •••••• 289,56041
Bill? receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 228 50
Rents due and accrued '.» 8,599 31
Due from other Companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 4 40
Total Assets ..$4,668.340 78
LIABILITIES. — — ~ -
Losses adjusted and unpaid $57,680 83
Losse3 in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 83,957 73
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 37,102 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
, ning one year or less, $1,330,013 77;
reinsurance 50 per cent 665,006 87
Group premiums on Fire Risks -run-
ning more than one year, $1,633,--
22." 81; reinsurance pro rata 867,722 15
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent ..........
Grot.9 premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $— -; reinsurance '50 ;
per cent •••"••• .■••}•■<
Due and accrued for salaries,
rent, etc • ••'•••• 16,898 M
All other demands agalns the Com- •
pany 116.497 71
"• Total Liabilities $1,844,365 82
INCOME. "~
Vet Cash actually received for Fire
premiums • $1,868,886 23
Net Cash, actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ; ..<.
Received , for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages- .
Received for interest and dividends
or Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all : other sources ....^ 122.524 4S
Received for Rents 8,224 30
Total Income $1,999,934 96
EXPENDITURES. ' ~" ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
t (including $144,663 43, losses of pre-
vious years) — $1,090,573 09
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
. (including — — ■ — : — , losses of >.
previous years
-Dividends to Stockholders ............ 100 000 00
Paid or allowed ior Commission or '
-..Brokerage  309 741
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
-charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 187 ItS S3
.Paid for State, National and local
' taxes * 51549 71
All other payments and expenditures H9,'051 T.i
Total Expenditures ....'.. ........;'..$i t 855.574 60
Losses Incurred during the year....51,075,4466} **
Kisks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ■ -' ~
written during the ■ v
a a r mount-of- : RV s ! * 233 ' 266 * 2 '» «
expired during- the ;
NKmounV-Yn-foVce 23 °' 97 °' 758 2 4 91 ' 132 ° 5 '
December 31. 1898 286.963,211 J 3,015,239 58
AS w A- MACDONALD. Pres.
cv -.*. * G - W- BURCHELL, Sec.
da > U o S f C Ja b nuarv d l^° m tO - before me ' this *«>
. T. LIVINGSTONE KENNEDY,
;.'.-;*. Notary Public.
" PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT :
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager,
N.W. Corner Pine and Sansome Sts.,
B CH FRANCISCO, CAL.
tn PaC n fl ,l Coas r>epartinent - Alaska ' "Washing-
ton, Oregon ;,, Montana. Idaho Nevada. Utah.
& %eo-where and Hawallan l9lands - j
iCUP RACERS ARE READY
TO RESUME THE FRAY
Indications That the Columbia and
Shamrock Will Have Better
Winds for To=Day's Contest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW Yi'HK, Oct. 5— 4:30 a. m.— The predictions for to-day, while not
indicating perfect yachting weather, i><>int to favorable conditions for a
good race. According to the forecast th<; weather will he cloudy with va
riable winds, shifting to fresh easterly.
The race starts at 10:46 a. m.. fifteen minutes earlier than on Tuesday,
but over the same course and under the same conditions.-
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— The ofl
ing day was a busy one after
all for the sailor men on the
two cup racers. Mr. Iselin and
Sir Thomas Lipton, however,
loyed their hours in different ways.
The Columbia went out for a sh-rt
trial spin outside Sandy Honk shortly
n to-day, prim i ' !: ">' **•
club topsail, which her managing
owner, C. Oliver [selin, wished to have
stretched and readj Co) to-morrow's
race. Under mainsail and jib the
yacht sailed away rings
and under the Influence of a fresh
south' ze Bhe was sunn passing
the point of Sandy Hook. Captain
Barr brought the yacht ar lund to wind
when the new topsail was ready to
hoist and In ments the big
Bky-n • '■'■ was mastheaded. It
j s . . Ltest and best
■ n laced to the top
it set !ik< a tailor-made gown
on a pretty woman. After tacking sev
eral times to g^t the sail well sty I
tolumbia was headed back for her
ring buoy in Sand s Hook Hay,
v here she arrived ab«.ut 4 p. in. The
mainsail was stowed and all hands
sent to supper on boi I tendei St.
Michaels.
< '. (.'iivrr Iselin, who. • til Mrs. Iselin
and their guests, Woodbury X
Herbert Leeds and Newbury Thorne, is
quartered on the St. Michaels, said to
an Associated Press representative this
■ ion:
1 am satisfied with the Columbia's
work during: yesterday's race, but not
with the we.ath* r ■ None of
us could tell where the wind was com
ing from, not even the sailing mast- ■.
In all my yachting 1 do not remember
when I've seen a tlunkier day than
yesterday. With all that, however, we
had overhauled the Shamrock for the
third time when the race v
She could not have crossed our
bow if she had gone about at that
time, our crew worked well from start
Ish."
Asked what he thought the weather
would be fur to-morrow's race Mr. Ise
lin said:
"I think we shall have a g< od breeze
from the Bouthwest. I hope so, any
way. for I should like to gel
my hands and know where we
I."
garding the criticism that the
leach of the Columbia's mainsail was
i In yesterday's race the Colum
- manager said: 'That has been
fixed. It was a little slack, but not
enough to affect the yacht's sailing."
It has b^en understood in Borne quar
:.-.• Captain Rhodes of the Dq
r w uld be on board the Colum
bia in her races to l""k after the trim
- of the pails and in an adviser's
•ity.
Skipper Charlie Barr is not worried
■ about the result of the races. He
- to his original assertion that the
mbia is the fastest single stick
• afloat and that in windward or
other work she is more than
• . : r th»- Shamrock.
Sir Thoi n is not worrying
• >n the
■.:>■ when Been to-day on the Erin
he felt ■onfident that his craft would
■mnt of herself, no mat
ter what kind of a breeze there is. He
wants a u<» d, fresh bFeeze, however,
so th ■ ••• speed of the de
hallenger can be
thorough: trated He had Just
returned I sit to the Shamrock
lat** this wh^n Interviewed.
After taking a cup of tea and a little
: .i-i Sir Th.:..; -: ...■ about his sail
ADVERTISEME2TTS.
What is it?
A man who has been running a race
with steam and electricity for years,
finds himself suddenly stopped. It
seems as if a cold "hand clutched his
heart. His brain whirls ; he can hardly
see. " What is it ?" he asks himself as
the attack passes.
quite often-two and
three daya in a w<r-k. I have been treated by
the best doctors in this city, but got no hflp.
Some said I had cancer of the stomach, others
catarrh, othen dyspepsia. Then I wrote to
you for adnce. You advised the use of your
GoMen Medical Discovery ' and ' Pleasant'f el- '
lets. These mediani:* I have taken as directed
I comracner a to get b-tter from the start, and
have not lost a day this f urnmer on account of
my stomach I feel tip-top, aud better than I
have for ten 3-ears."
Keep the bowels healthy by usins? Dr.
Piercea l'dlets. They dent gripe.
I ft \v| GoWen Meal Discovery 7 r r
Drug Co, 1128 Market Street. 5. F.
1 on the grand old schooner yacht Amer
"the boat that caused all the
trouble," to quote Sir Thomas. He
said he had a splendid sail around the
bay for about two hours and that from
the speed the old boat made in the stiff
southwest lire.-/.*' he did not wonder
that she had "lifted" the cup on the
other side nearly fifty years ago.
Sir Thomas did not care to make any
statement about to-morrows race ex
cept that the Shamrock would carry
tly the same sails as she did in
yesterday's contest, and that her crew
would do their best to cross the finish
line first The English challenger is in
the best of condition for the coining
race. Nut a piece of wire in her rigging
nor an Inch •■!' canvas was found to
be damaged in the least degree when
her crew looked her over this morning.
; The members of the crew are quite as
confident as the Shamrock's owner that
1 she will prove a winner and some of
them are ready to lay a few guineas
it they get th~ chance.
Sir Thomas received hundreds of
egrams to-day from ali parts of the
world congratulating him on the splen
did showing his boat made in light
air against the defender.
"Some of the cables," said Sir
Thomas, "are from people I do not
know personally, but that only goe?
t" show what a great interest is being
taken in these races. One of them read
thus: 'Tommy, don't make room for
your uncle.' "
In speaking about the manner in
which the course was kept clear Sir
Thomas said: "I can't get over the
great organization that has been here
to keep the course clear. Yesterday's
! course was the clearest we ever had,
or I ever saw in England, and only
proves what I said before I came to
America, that in all previous races the
best boat has always won. I may as
Bay now that the Shamrock is the
fastest boat ever built in <Jreat Britain,
and the workmanship was the best that
money could buy. 1 can't tell what
her cost was. but it is probably more
than you have any idea of. She cost
as mu<h as six Valkyries. The esti
mate? already given are away below
the mark."
Chevalier de Martino. the marine ar
tist, who has been commissioned by
Sir Thomas to paint a series of pictures
: .>f the races, was oi tarty that
enjoyed a Bail, on the America. He
said he was delighted with the old
champion and admired boats built of
: more than any others. The
j Chevalier has not yet commenced any
of liis pictures, but is making rough
sketches, which, with the aid of snap
shots, will give him material for his
big painting, which will not be com
menced until his return to I»ndon.
Among Sir Thomas' guests to-morrow
on the Erin will be Rear Admiral
Philip. United States navy, command
ant of the Brooklyn navy yard; Mr.
and Mrs. Thomas A. Bdison, W. Bourke
Cockran, Richard Croker, Rear Ad
miral Lord Charles Beresford and Lady
Beresford, Sir Arnold Morley, Sir Henry
Burdette, Charles Russell, and the Lord
Chief Baron of Trf-land Baron Pollas.
Rear Admiral Sampson would have
been aboard, but as he goes to Hamp
ton Roads to-morrow It will be impos
sible.
<m either Saturday or next Tuesday
Admiral Dewey will be one of Sir
Thomas' guests on the Erin.
Lord Mint««, Governor General of
Canada, will witness Saturday's race
from the Erin and Rear Admiral Schley
has accepted an invitation to be on
board the same day. Oeorge Westing
house, thf- inventor, will also be a
guest on Saturday.
When asked about the condition of
Designer Fife Sir Thomas said: "Dr.
Reid Maekey, my doctor, is with him
and I understand he Is not much bet
ter. I am very- sorry, for I miss him
very much. His illness at this time is
Very unfortunate."
Borne uncertainty has prevailed as to
j the course which will be sailed to-mor
row by the Columbia and the Sham
! rock. The matter was settled, how
ever, this afternoon at a meeting of the
i regatta committee, which was held at
the New York Yacht club houF*>. After
i the meeting C. S. Nicholson Kane an
nounced that the next race would he as
on Tuesday — fifteen miles to windward
or inward and a beat back.
It seems that the agreement bptween
' Sir Thomas Lipton and the Columbia's
owner relates that where It is Impos
sible to finish a contest within the time
I limit, the same class of race must be
continued until a decision Is reached.
Consequently, before the two boats can
meet on the three-leg beat it will be
necessary to settle the capabilities of
the two champions on the straight
away run of fifteen knots. In conse
: quence of the quickly waning daylight
i at this time of the year, the regatta
:nittee to-day determined that the
Btart would be made at 10:45 a. m.. a
difference of fifteen minutes from the
time previously fixed for the yachts
going over the lino.
The ending of Tuaeday's encounter
has tended materially to whet the in
terest of the yachting enthusiasm In
; the final outcome of the battle that will
I Fee the <up still spiked to the deck, an
Captain BQb Evans terms it, or wrench -
: ed up and carted away to the country
i which for so many years has been un
j successfully fighting for it.
The Columbia's performance on Tues
day is generally regarded as proving
her the better boat of the two. The
j concensus of opinion Is that, given
» quni condiltons, that is when there are
! no fluky winds, and no elements of at
mospheric luck to be calculated, the
American representative can both out
foot and outpoint the foreigner. It was
i contended that while the Fife creation
held her own in the erratic and paltry
breexea which marked the first race, an
other tale will be told when the Colum-
I bia has a chance to exhibit her partlcu
i lar qualities of sailing. It i tf asserted
! also that there is nothing tangible in
I the contention that the Emerald sloop
! will prove stronger In a breeze than the
! defender.
It was observable that the Shamrock
kicked up much more fuss in the
choppy sea than did the Columbia, and
it is inferred that when she does meet
B blow she will thrash and make much
worse weather of it than her eompeti
'■ tor. However, when all is said and i
i done, this decanting upon the superior
■ ity of one boat over another is only so
; much speculation. Generally speaking.
! the first race, considering the eccentric
I conditions under which it was sailed,
I proved nothing and gave no more idea j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
MINING COMPANY'S
COIN COUNTERFEITED
Shrewd "Shovers of the Queer" Who Can
not Be Prosecuted by the United
States Court,
ft KESWICK, Oct. 4.— Hundreds of dollars" worth of aluminum checks
0 issued by the Mountain Copper Company of this place have passed
J^ current here for the past few months as so much money. While they
i* were only "good for merchandise at the Mountain Copper Company's
£j stores" they were easily sold for good United States money at a trifling
g discount. They had become such staple currency locally that it was
5^ not unusual to see poker games In which the only valuable commodity
was this "calcine money," as it was nicknamed. A thousand dollars or
{3 more was in circulation in Keswick and Iron Mountain.
fc » To-day it was discovered that counterfeit aluminum checks were in
O general circulation. The counterfeit Is a good one, and nearly every
*S business man in town on examining his till finds that he has been de-
Si frauded of sums varying from $1 up to $50. Of course there is no ap
-0 peal to the United States Government.
•S The Sheriff is investigating the matter, hoping to ferret out the
§• parties guilty of perpetrating the fraud upon the community. The com-
O> pany has decided to recall all the genuine checks, redeeming them and
J? stopping their ■ issue. This will be a great relief to business men of the
„*• town, who have lost considerable trade because of the aluminum checks,
*> that were redeemable only at the company's store.
5
of what either yacht is capable of really
doing than if the contest had never
been sailed. That is the opinion of im
partial and calm-minded yachtsmen
who saw and studied the first trial be
tween the Shamrock and Columbia.
One thing is universally agreed to
among yachtsmen, and that is that Ho
garth proved himself a better seaman
thart Karr. It was generally conceded
that the favoring flukes which at
tended the Shamrock were due not so
much to Llpton's luck as to Hogarth's
better judgment.
COLUMBIA AGAIN THE
FAVORITE IN BETTING
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— When the Colum
bia enters upon the race to-morrow to
defend the America's cup she promises to
be as strong a favorite in the betting as
she was prior to Tuesday's nuke. Bettors
to-day had entirely recovered from the
feeling of apprehension they nau after
Tuesday's contest. Although all wagers
mrde early In the day were at even
munev soon after QOOn th" situation
changed and odds of 10 to 9. lo to 8 and in ,
some instances 10 to t> were offered on the
Columbia. Several bets of $100 to $■■» on
the Columbia were made in Vk all street,
and one or two bets were laid at $100 to
$60 that the defending yacht would win
the series. A broker made two bets or
$50 to $20 that the Shamrock would not
win the race.
The only bets of any considerable
amount reported during the day or even-
Ing were made at the Hoffman House.
One bet of $500 to $400 on the Columbia j
and another of $650 to $500 on her were ,
posted. Smaller bets at odds of 10 to 9
also were made.
Sportsmen attribute the shift back from
even money to the great scarcity of i
money to hack the Shamrock. Thousands !
of dollars to be placed on the Columbia
been lying In the safes of several!
Broadwaj resorts Blnce last Saturday,}
and only a pmall part of this has been ■
wagered. Two bets of $50 even wf>re made [
nighi in the Imperial Hotel, and |
whenever any money on the Shamrock ;
hap been found it has been promptly cov
ered.
It was> oxppcted that betting on to-mor
row's race and on the series would b«
lively to-day owing to the outcome of the
first contest. The adherents of the Colum
bia Stood ready to make it ko, and when
they could find no money on the Sham
rock began to offer odds, but up to to
nl^t'.t only a small amount of money has
been placed.
O'DONNELL'S COIN
WAS MISSING
Many Believe He Was
Murdered.
♦ ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 4.— The body
found floating in the bay at Sausallto
yesterday by the watchman of the
ferryboat San Rafael was Identified
this afternoon at the Morgue by W. S.
Shoemaker as that of Con O'Donnell, a
well-to-do resident of this city, who has
been missing for about two weeks.
From the circumstances connected with
his death the authorities believe the
man to have been murdered. O'Don
nell owned considerable property here
and was on the bonds of a town official.
Two weeks ago he went to San Fran
cisco to visit his cousin, John Farrell,
a Mission-street coal dealer. After
leaving' there he disappeared.
As O'Donnell was In good health, had
considerable property and was of a
naturally cheerful disposition, the sui
cide theory is generally scouted. When
he left- here he is said to have had
quite a sum of money on his person,
but at the time Coroner Eden held the
inquest only $20 in gold and $4 60 in
silver was in his pockets.
WORK AT SAN PEDRO
MAY BE STOPPED
Captain Meyler Is Dissatisfied With
the Quantity of Material
Furnished.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 4.— There is>
danger thai active operations upon the
San Pedro breakwater may at an early
day come to a temporary end.
Captain J. J. Mryler.who is in charge ot
the work on behalf of the Government,
hap notified the contractors that unless
there is at once decided Improvement in
the quantity of matftrlul furnished the
contract will be abrogated and the bond
of $300,000 furnished by FpUlr.ieyer & Nou
of Chicago, when that firm obtained the
contract, will bp declared forfeited.
Captain Meyler has not given thr> con
tractors any ultimatum specifying any
particular time when they must make
better progress. His orders in tho matter
have been of a very general character.
Stories rnve been in circulation for sev
eral Wtekfl to the effect that the con
tractors v.-ere preparing to throw up their
job and that the step to lie taken wns
to be part and parcel of another chapter
In th<- conspiracy which prevented the
harbor from becoming a reality years
earlier.
Captain Meyler to-flny gave It ag his
opinion that there Ik nothing In these
stories, while former l"nitofl Sfates Sena
tor Stephen M. White, who some time
ago investigated a similar rumor. Is also
of the opinion that these rumors are
groundless.
The harbor contractors have thus far
expended in the neighborhood of $200,000
upon their plant, upon which outlay but
a small cash return has been obtained.
Added to this the loss, if the contract
should be declared forfeited, will amount
to $600,000.
Copper Mines Sold.
TUSCON. Ariz., Oct. 4.— Another big
sale of copper properties was affected to
day. George H. Sisson and wife sold to
the Oki.lo Copper Company of New
Jersey thirty-five copper claims in the
Silver Bell district for $5,000,000. Th-se
mines are jp the same great copper belt
as the Roaemont, Helvetia, Azurlte and
Neilson Smelting Company's mines, and
all are bullion producers. It is understood
that the purchase to-day Is In the interest
of the Standard Oil Company.
Bee the new color window, "Keith's." •
HAS NO FAITH
IN BOARDS OF
ARBITRATION
State Department May Ob
ject to the Plan in the
Alaskan Dispute.
Ppeoial Dlppatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.—
The result of the arbitration of the Ven
ezuelan boundary will have an effect upon
the dispute with regard to the Alaskan
boundary. There will be less disposition
on the part of the United States to sub
mit to arbitration the establishing of the
line between Alaska and British Colum
bia than there has been hitherto, for the
work of the Venezuelan Commission
amply confirms what the State Depart
ment has always maintained about the
futility of getting rigidly just decisions
from boards of arbitration in boundary
disputes.
It is claimed from the reports which
come from Paris and from a study of the
map that the Venezuelan Commission,
after the manner of all similar commis
sions, simply split the difference and gave
to each of the contestants, as near as
might be, half of what wus in dispute.
That the action of the commission was
unanimous does not make it any more
manifest that the decision was based
strictly on a weighing of the claims and
rights. It only goes to show that a board,
made up as was the Paris board, is al
most certain to arrive at the easiest ar
rangement which promises to settle th©
controversy without creating enough dis
satisfaction on either side to upset the
settlement, and while the State Depart
ment here is pleased that If any such de
cision was to be m.vie it should be an
nounced without a dissenting voice, there
is a disposition to question the absolute
justice of the conclusion.
A high official In the department paid
this afternoon that the United States
could not afford to have the Alaskan con
troversy treated in this way. It would
be absurd In view of our interpretations
of the treaties with historical precedence
and with the admission of British diplo
mats In old correspondence to permit any
kind of board to "split the difference" so
as to reach an agreement. The only ques
tion which the United States could agree
to submit to a board of arbitration would
be the proper interpretation of the lan
guage of the- treaties to see whether the
American contention as to their plain
meaning Is correct. We can never con
sent to allow a neutral board to fix metes
and bounds.
JUSTICE BREWER NOT
ENTIRELY SATISFIED
PARTS. Oct. 4.— A representative of the
Associated Press this evening had a con
versation with Justice Brewer of the
T'nlteil States Supreme Court regarding
the award of the Anglo-Venezuelan arbi
tration tribunal, from which it appears
that the deliberations of the court did
not proceed as smoothly and with the
spontaneous unanimity which a perusal
of the award would lead one to believe.
Justice Brewer, in reply to a question,
said:
'Tntll the last moment I believed a
decision would be quite impossible, and It
was by the greatest concentration and
mutual concessions that a compromise
was arrived at. If any of us had been
asked to have given an award each would
have given one differing in extent and
character. The consequence of this wa.s
that we had to adjust our different views
an<l finaily to draw a line running between
what each thought right."
Being asked whether political consid
erations influenced that award, the Jus
tice said he could not admit that, as such
an admission would reflect on the Judges,
but there was no doubt that the present
insurrection In Venezuela and the conse
quent feeling of instability weighed to a
certain extent in the balance.
In reply to an inquiry as to what ques
tions separated the Judges, Justice
Brewer said: "Nearly every point. In
the first place. European lawyers don't
look upon the question of prior rights re
sulting from rights of discovery in the
same way as we do. Thru the question of
the nature of control and the extent of
At every point
Wielands
Exlra Pale
is fortified against the
modern tendency to
lower quality that the
price may be cheap-
ened. .
By the aid of sci-
ence and modern
methods we are en-
abled »to use the best
materials, and the
most , skilled labor.
The product is a beer
that sells on its merit.
Your grocer or ttlephone West 144.
California Bottlinr Co.
- ■ 1407- r7 Eddy Bt.
the influence and relationship with the
native races and many such matters are
not viewed in the came manner on either
side of the Atlantic. In fact, the whole
situation is not so keenly appreciated by
Europeans as it is by Americans."
Replying to a query regarding the de
liberations within the court, Mr. Brewer
said that there was. properly speaking, no
casting of votes. Each Judge conceded
something In turn. With regard to the
proceedings in open court, he said the
hearing of arguments might have been
considerably curtailed, had the case been
heard exclusively by either an English or
an American court, but the Judges
thought it prudent to all -v counsel full
liberty in order to make m Uters clearer
to the President who. after all. was not a
lawyer. Asked whether, according to his
own opinion, Venezuela was entitled to
more than she actually received, Justice
Brewer, after some hesitation, shrugged
his shoulders and said he would rather
say nothing on that subject and concluded
by remarking that, whatever these two
parties might think of the award, Vene
zuela received Barima Point, which gives
her full control of the interior of her ter
ritory and England is confirmed in the
possession of territory in the development
of which she has spent considerable
money and energy, but "the principal
blessing is that the two nations can at
1.-i^t develop peacefully side by side, large
tracts of territory, which, owing to the
previous antagonism, have remained un
productive."
RECEIVER WANTED FOR
ESTEE'S PROPERTY
Sacramento Bank Holds Heavy Mort-
g-ages on His Vineyard in
Napa County.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 4. — Suit was
brought Jn this county to-day by the
Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of Sacra
mento to foreclose a mortgage of some
131,000 on the vineyard property of Morris
M. Estee in Napa County.
It is understood here that the property
subject to the mortgage embraces all of
Eptf>e's vineyard property in Napa. The
tmiik prays the court for the appointment
of a receiver pending the outcome* of the
foreclosure proceedings.
Died Far From Home.
WOODLAND, Oct. 4.— L. C. Slathers, a
native of Kentucky and nearly 80 years
of age. died here at an early hour this
morning. He was on a visit to this State.
* *
f ♦
1 STUDIES OF I
*'■ »
! SIXTEEN I
* ♦
! FAMOUS !
* • *
* ♦
i STATESMEN !
f *
t *
I will be presented by THE CALL'S HOME STUDY f
£ . CIRCLE, beginning Friday, October 20th, and con- -«|
|j tinuing every Friday thereafter throughout October, ' f
* November, December and January. Here is the list : f
Samuel Adams, Thomas Jefferson, Andrew Jackson,
" The man of the town meeting." " The sage of Monticello. " >• The best hated and best loved +2»
* Patrick Henry, James Madison, , ' 7 ' mr n *f
4* The eloquent champion of liberty. " The father of the Constitution." John C. CalhOUn,
i«i,« n^j ft i rt L Alexander Hamilton, Th< > most eminent advocaf of &.
? Jpnn KanaOlpn, The ablest of American statesmen. state sovereignty. ;*
yf The strong supporter of state's ■ ■ ■ ... t 75T
<$ rights doctrine. John Jay, Henry Clay, %.
JZI » . . . First Chief Justice of the United " The great pacificator." /*
T Gouverneur Morris, states - _. . t ... , £
v ne eminent financier of th* John Marshall uaiiiel Webster, *
revolution. The greatest of American Jurists. America's matchless orator. %>
* Benjamin Franklin, Albert Gallatin, Charles Sumner, *-
*? Famous philosopher and patriot. A notable financier. The great anti-slavery crusader.
t *
The contributors to this course comprise the following eminent educators: JOHN BACH ♦§►
McMASTEB, PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYL- *£.
<gj VANIA; ANDREW McLAUGHLIN, LL. 8., PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, UNI- .&.
♦^ VERSITY OF MICHIGAN; FREDERIC W. SPEIRS, PH. D., UNIVERSITY EXTENSION A.
|f LECTURER ON AMERICAN HISTORY AND ECONOMICS; WILLIS M. WEST, M. A., T
jf PROFESSOR OF HISTORY, UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA; ALBERT BUSHNELL HART, |f
J; PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, HARVARD UNIVERSITY; CHARLES H. *.
J* SMITH, LL. D., PROFESSOR OF AMERICAN HISTORY, YALE UNIVERSITY; BER- &■
V NARD C. STEINER, PH. D., LECTURER ON AMERICAN HISTORY, JOHNS HOPKINS %T
<& UNIVERSITY; JAMES A. WOODBURN, PH. D., PROFESSOR OF HISTORY, UNIVER- ♦§*
•§ SITY OF INDIANA. j£.
I '■ '■' ' ' . ' '"' ' |
I Free of Charge=»A 32=Page Booklet, Handsomely Illustrated, 1
I; : *
| It tells all about the Home Study Circle }
| and the programme of studies for the |
* coming term. Mailed on request. *
"V ■ .
T ADDRESS ' ■':&.
I Borne Study Circle, The San Francisco Call, Call Building, San Francisco, Cal. I
* . 4
A *
STRIFE IN VENEZUELA
MAY SOON TERMINATE
An Armistice Arranged and a Commission
Will Meet the Insurgent
Leader.
O CARACAS, Venezuela, Oct. 4.— United States Minister Loon r
-3 rived here to-day from Puerto Cabello, on the cruiser Detroit. ' ? The
g| German Consul and business men of Puerto Babello cordially ti ted
2? Minister Loomis and Commander Hemphill for the protection afforded
S them by the Detroit. The Germans say the presence of the Detroit
£ saved them from having to pay heavy contributions.
2? It is stated In diplomatic circles that Minister Loomis has been in
-65 vited to endeavor to effect an amicable agreement between the Govern
<s ment and the revolutionists. An armistice of five days has been ar
-8? ranged in order that a commission may meet the insurgent leader.
ft 08SO8R i ! , t»??0?JO 8S O SSOfSOKOSSOWOSS O WOggBgCWCB»C» 088 O«SOSO*iO»iO«S
TO-DAY
Bulletins
of the
COLUMBIA - SHAMROCK
Yacht Race
By
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
Watch Them!
¥<^¥<S¥*Sy¥<^*^*<^¥^¥<-*
' 0
Th« Call will to-day repeat £
its achievement of Tuesday >
last. Watch the wireless tel- _£
«graphy bulletins of the sec- a
ond of the international races ]l
for the America cup. They a
will be prominently displayed .L
in front of the business office A
of The OalL £
56
THURSDAY OCTOBER 5, iS
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. L EAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. 5. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
■
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IIS CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
pAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday Call). 6 months.. 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1-00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month on *- <
SUNDAY CALL One Year I* so
.WEEKLY CALL One Year I'QOl ' QO
All postmasters are authoring to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
•■ f vsi
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
TKEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Bulldinft
CHICAGO STANDS.
Bb«rtnan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotcll
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. Si Uniom Square)
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WA6HINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
: BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 93$
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1841 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C"' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1094
Valencia street, open untH 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— "The Mikado."
; Columbia— "Mary Stuart."
California — "A Tenulna Yentleman."
Alcazar — "Innocent as a Lamb."
Grand Opera House— "Rip Van Winkle."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets Specialties.
Mechanics' Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. G. Laynp. this day, at 11:30 o'clock, Trotters and
Roadsters, at 721 Howard street.
Philippine Curiosities -At Mechanics' Pavilion.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
WIRE] no longer a matter of
speculation. It has been a» 1 and
■ rces that
serve the needs of the civi Id. The splendid
I
1 in report race I>n 1 uesd;
ill and the Now York Herald puts an end to
übts of th( :t and
shes the n< ties of
business life.
It is but a few weeks ago since The Call made for
the proud record of being the first newspaper
in the world to obtain news ahead of any of it- con
by wireless telegraph, and now what
wa^ then but an experiment distrusted by many peo
ple ha- become a service so thoroughly worked out
that it can be relied upon to transmit accurately not
a few sentences only but an endless number of words
wide spaces of land or sea. In the course of
the yacht race there were transmitted from the steam
ship Ponce a- -he followed the yachts fifteen miles out
at sea upward of 2500 words in successive bulletins,
long or short, as the occasion required, and so per
fect was the operation of the system that not one
single word had to be repeated in order to make it
clear to the receiver.
The speed of the new system is marvelous. From the
?hip at sea the messages were transmitted to the land
Station in a time so brief as to be virtually instantane
ous and from that -nation, over a special leased wire,
they were forwarded to The Call and bulletined here
within two or three minutes after being written on
the Ponce. In other words, the public in San Fran
cisco watching The Call's bulletins had information
of every tack, every shifting of sails, every incident
of the race, within three minutes after the incident
occurred. Such a feat may well be accounted among
the supreme marvels of the closing years of a century
full of marvels.
From this time on the development of the new
telegraphy will go forward by leaps and bounds. It
\n;11 not be left to individual enterprise to exploit and
extend the potences that lie within it. The Govern
ment'- of the great nations of the earth will take it up
- and apply all their vast resources to carry it at once
tn it- highest possibility of attainment. The British
are already actively pushing the work. They have
made tests extending over hundreds of miles and are
even now arranging to make a trial of sending a dis
patch through the air from England to Spain. Should
a war occur in the Transvaal at this time it Aould
matter little to the British if the Boers should man
lit the telegraph wire> communicating with
Kimberley or the Cape. Already the British War
Office ki >v - how to transmit messages over the
heads of Boers from one military force to another
with efficiency and dispatch.
>on as he lias finished his contract with The
Call and the Herald Marconi will confer with repre
sentatives of our Government for the purpose of in
troducing his system into the service of our armies
and navies. Sr.rh telegraphy is needed now in the
Philippines and wiil soon be applied there, and dl
course will be developed to the utmost.
No man now living can <et limits to the potences of
Buch telegraphy. Since wires are no longer needed it
will be possible for man to eventually send a message
to as great a distance as he can generate electrical
energy to carry it. The tests already made show that
neither tall buildings, mountains, storms nor the cur
vature of the earth interferes. The electric message
goes on its way to where the prepared receiver awaits
it. finding no obstacle to check its course. Who can
say what may yet be done by man in the possession
of such a power?
The Klondike i-< do longer out of the world. The
Canadian Government has just completed stringing
wire^ to Dawson, and now any one c;in communicate
with that Arctic metropolis by telegraph — if he has
the price.
General Fncran refuses positively to be retired.
There seems to be a widespread public belief that as
far as his interesting personality may influence
rational affairs he was duly buried several months
ICO.
INVOKING BLAINE.
O N anti-imperialist meeting being called to as
/ \ semble in Chicago, the Inter-Ocean of that
1 » city says: "Why should Chicago tolerate a
conference df anti-imperialist traitors any more than
it would tolerate a convention of acknowledged in
'jendiaries or anarchists? They should be handed over
to the United States officers and tried for treason."
Every loyal Republican feels keenly the impolicy of
such language used professedly in the interests of a
Republican administration. The imperialist press
which approves of it is engaged in conjuring with the
name of Blame, and uses the memory of that states
man to back up an imperial policy in the Philippines
and the West Indies. They are in the habit of con
j temptuously asking anti-imperialist Republicans what
i they think Blame would think of them if he were
! alive.
To this we reply that if he were alive and consistent
with his policy he would agree with President Mc-
Kinley that "forcible annexation is criminal aggres
-1 sipn, opposed to our ideas of national morality."
About tins there need be no mistake, for Biaine went
' upon record in the highest official sense upon this
subject and in terms that read like a prophecy of the
present situation.
In his instructions as Secretary of State, June 15,
1881, issued to General Kilpatrick, who was about to
sail as Minister to Chile, Mr. Blame discussed the war
between Chile and Peru and the taking of territory
by force and conquest as follows: "But at the con
clusion of a war avowedly not of conquest, but for the
solution of differences which diplomacy had failed to
settle, to make the acquisition of territory a sine qua
non of peace is calculated to casj suspicions on the
professions with which war was originally declared.
It may well be that at the termination of such a con
test the changed condition and relation of all the par
ties to it may make readjustment of boundaries or
territorial changes wise as well as necessary. But
this, where the war was not of conquest, should be
xhf result of negotiation and not the absolute prelim
inary condition upon which alone the victor consents
tc negotiate. At this day, when the right of people
to govern themselves, the fundamental basis of repub
lican institutions, is so widely recognized, nothing is
more difficult or more dangerous than the forced
transfer of territory, carrying with it an indignant and
hostile population, and nothing but .1 nec< ssity proven
before the world can justify it. It is not a case in
which the power desiring the' territory can be ac
cepted a^ a safe or impartial judge. * * * The
j Government of the Unit. Si believes that it is in
consonance with those principles, which arc professed
by all the republics of America, that such territorial
inges should be avoided as far as possible, and that
they should never be the result of mere force."
It is evident that if Blame were alive" and should
repeat that exact langu . I uld come under the
! Inter-Ocean'- classification oi traitors and be liable
to arrest and trial for treason. Had he foreseen what
iw going on he cou it no more
accurately. A war av< ■ not for conquest has
been perverted in the interest of forcible annexation
1 of territory, carrying with it an indignant and hostile
people, against the principles upon which this and all
other American republics are founded. It is plain
that a Blame Republican cannot be an imperialist,
and that when imperialists use his name in support
of their schemes they do so in dense ignorance of aH
that he taught on the subject of territorial acquisi
tion.
He stood in everlasting denial of the right of a re
public to receive sovereignty of a territory regardless
of the protest of the people inhabiting it. He believed
in the right of self-government and would have
abhorred any man pretending to be a Republican
; who would deny it.
What are to be the consequences of going astray
from the principles of Blame may be seen in a recent
statetneni by that Republican leader, ex-Senator Hen
derson of Missouri, who says: "The Republican
party is not strong enough to change the constitution
of the United States. It will not be permitted to con
• our Government into a mere military machine
to- wage wars of aggression abroad and silence the
voice of freedom at home. The Republican party
cannot lend itself to the schemes of adventurers who
seek new lands at public expense to exploit their
schemes for plunder. In my judgment millions of
Republicans in the United States entertain these
views, and we must all come to them sooner or Inter
; or else accept the alternative of eternal war, a stand
ing army, an enormous public debt, pensions beyond
endurance, renewed taxes upon consumption, carry
ing their exactions to every hearthstone in the land,
and, worse than all. a final surrender of our repub
lican simplicity for a government of imperialism."
Surely it is better for Republicans to leave imperial
ism to Morgan, Vest and its other Democratic advo
cates and promoter^, and stay with the straight and
patriotic Republicanism of Jame^ G. Blame.
It is not yet too late for .Mayor Phelan to estab
lish a wireless telegraphy station on Jasper McDon
ald or at least give that worthy chairman of the local
Democratic convention a typewritten copy of the
"slate."
The equanimity with which the people of the South
American republics slaughter each other, establish
and overturn Governments and repeat the perform
ance at the suggestion of an opportunity, indicates
that the business of war has become a diversion to the
hot heads of the south.
A MOVE ON CUBA.
THE Cuban- American League is at work again
trying to school American sentiment up to the
point of seizing Cuba in violation of our sol
emn national pledge. The newspapers which are in
this conspiracy attack those who want the country to
keep faith, using all the billingsgate necessary, and
showing that style of argument which may be ex
j pected of men to whom national honor is an empty
i name. The latest outbreak of these dishonorable
Americans appears in the St. Paul Pioneer-Press.
j That paper sees in the Spanish bonds secured on the
Cuban revenues a reason why our pledge should be
broken. It says: "So venal have large numbers of
the late insurgents become — the people who would
most probably control the independent government
should such be formed — that it is by no means certain
, they would not sell out for a reasonable proportion of
vhe spoils. It is impossible to believe that the intelli
gent among its population — those who alone should
have a voice in determining the island's destiny — will
| vote to incur the peril of such an obligation, in ad
dition to all other perils which would beset a re
public dominated by a mongrel population, ignorant
' of the alphabet of republicanism as well as of all other
alphabets. Whatever intelligent strength may be
given to the cause of Cuban independence and anti-
Annexation hereafter is to be mainly looked for in
the ranks of American anti-expansionists, allied with
lobbyists employed by the holders of Spanish obliga
tions, misnamed Cuban bonds."
There is the programme which the American people
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. OCTOBER 5. 1899.
are asked to indorse. The Cuban bonds are the same j
as they were when Congress declared "the Cubans !
are and of right ought to be independent." The in- i
surgents are no better nor worse morally and politi- j
cally than they were when we placed them beside our 1
continental army. Not an Ethiopian mongrel among i
them has changed his skin. They are no less quali- j
fied for independence than when Congress declared j
they were and of right ought to be independent. !
They are no more ignorant of alphabets now than !
then. In no respect nor particular has the situation
changed, so far as their right to independence goes,
since we promised it to them. We said nothing then |
about only the intelligent among them having a j
voice in public affairs. We have discovered nothing !
in them that was not known when our promise was
made.
True, it is the law of nations that public debts are
not repudiated by a change of sovereignty. The is
sue presented is whether by forcible annexation
against the will of the real majority of the people we
will divert the wealth of the island to tht enrichment
of a few favored American exploiters or by keeping
our pledge will permit the people to compound or
repudiate the Cuban bonds as they please, either de
voting the wealth of the island to their payment in
whole or in part, or by repudiation keeping that
wealth for themselves.
We arc strong enough to repudiate the Cuban
bonds if we are dishonorable enough to repudiate our
own solemn pledge of independence. But let us go
about it frankly and not with a floursack mask such
as stage robbers wear.
It is not true that France, where most of these
bonds are held, could as a Government "make such
. a display of force as Cuba, unaided, could not dream
of resisting." If she could under the law of nations
appear as the armed collector of claims held by indi
viduals, that right is not in the least affected by an
nexation of Cuba to the United States. It would re
main as a slumbering cause of war, to be used in
any time of national weakness or peril that might
come to us.
There is no modern case of a nation appearing
under such circumstances as a bill collector. The
English management of Egyptian finances is not such
a case. No foreign Government could enforce the
payment of Cuban bonds, except by such an asser
tion of force as involves violation and defiance of the
Monroe doctrine, which the world knows this Gov
ernment will not permit. If France should attempt
it it would require the installation of French sov
ereignty over the Cuban revenues and their source
in the industries of the island. Every American who
knows the alphabet knows such a thing is absurd.
Yet this absurdity serves the purpose of the league
j of dishonor which is preparing to steal Cuba.
The dispatches are authority for the assertion that
the people of Chicago intend to make desperate efforts
to decorate their city in honor of a prospective visit
of Admiral Dewcy. Whenever Chicago attempts any
thing, from a riot to a strike, there may be an
absolute reliance that it will be desperate.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S ADDRESS.
px RESIDENT WHEELER'S address to the
Ly students at Berkeley has the ring of true elo
* quence. He might have marshaled with the
skill of the ablest rhetorician a multitude of lofty
words concerning ideals of art and science and phil
osophy into sonorous phrases and massive sentences
and yet have achieved less in the way of affecting the
understanding, the imaginations and the hearts of
men than he did by an address so simple as to hardly
seem skillful at all, and yet so full of the truest wis
dom and sympathy that it will be read by the whole
people of California with as much delight as it was
listened to by the students.
The central thought of the address is that a univer
sity is not a thing of statutes, reports, buildings,
mechanisms and observances, but a living organism,
an association of men and women. "From this
l:our," he said, "I know that I am a member in a
real and living association, because I am joined in
association with men. The only thing that is of in
terest to me in a university is men and women. As
long as I live I trust I may never be interested in a
university of mechanisms, reports and paper, but only
in a university of human beings."
For a moment the president, under the inspiration
of the scene and the occasion, indulged the glow of
poetry and of prophecy. "This," said he, "is a stim
ulating sight This golden sunshine coming down
in genial, lazy haze, smiling upon the ripened brown
of these magnificent hills, remind me of my beloved
Greece. It is more than Hollas that we have here.
Greece looked out toward the old oriental world;
Berkeley looks out through the Golden Gate toward
the oriental world that has meaning for to-day."
From the alluring theme set forth in that picture
of the university and the far-reaching world and life
that stretches out from it over the ocean and through
future ages the orator turned to the more important
subject of the university itself. Concerning that he
said: 'This university is a living thing; the real
university is alive. Blood pulses through its veins,
The spiritual life of the men who have gone before
is in it. It is not a thing of building, nor of statutes,
cor of courses; it is a thing of life. And what you
will get out of this university that is worth your
while, that will stand by you, is what you will get
out of association with it as a living thing. Therefore
I say we are not a mechanism for providing people
with equipment; we are alive, we have a heart. And
to the family life I charge you students of the Univer
sity of California be loyal. It is worth your while.
It is your duty. Be loyal to the university. Be loyal
to all its parts. Say that you love it. Those who
take the misunderstandings and the quarrels of the
inside to ventilate them in the outside world arc
traitors to us. (Applause.) We are a family.
You cannot make a university out of minds and
brains. In a university, as elsewhere in the world,
heart is more than heads, and love is more than rea
son. Hold you fast to that love for this university.
Stand strong, shoulder to shoulder, when you do its
wGrk. Let every man according to his ability do
what the university asks of him, and let every man do
in support of the other man's work what he can. 1 '
It would be well if the sentiment of those words
could find abiding place in the minds of all Califor
nians whether students of the university or not. A
State is itself an association of living beings hav
ing mutual interests and aspirations. Loyalty to it
should be a part of the mental and moral life of every
one of its members. There should be among all citi
zens that helpfulness and co-operation which are
necessary to the speedy realization of the glorious
possibilities that lie before it.
It is gratifying to have in the high office of presi
dent of the State University a man whose scholar
ship has not estranged him from sympathy with the
common run of men and who does not value learning
or culture above the men and women with whom he
has to deal. His influence is certain to be felt far
beyond the bounds of Berkeley, and all California will
be in some measure benefited by his presence, his in
fluence and his work.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
of the
• STATE UNIVERSITY
SAYS
THE PLAN OF READING
for
THE CULL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
IS ADMIRABLE.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. Ekman, a mining man of Oroville,
is a guest at the Grand.
George Crow, a well-known resident of
Newman, is at the Lick.
T. H. Burke, a wealthy mine owner of
Montana, is a guest «t the Palace.
J. Hunt, prominent in commercial
circles of Wnodiand, is at the Lick.
Jose M. Murillo. a wealthy Mexican
mino-own^r, is a guest at the Occidental.
T. M. Brown, Sheriff of Humboldt
County, is among: the late arrivals at the
Rubs.
Professor O. P. Jenkins has come up
from Stanford and is registered at the
Palace.
M. E. Dittman of tho Redding Search
light is a recent journalistic arrival at
the Grand.
Edward Haight. Deputy Sheriff of
Healdsburg, is among the recent arrivals
at the Rubs. „,
F. O. Hihn, the Santa Cruz banker and
capitalist, is among the late arrivals at
the California.
R. B. Livingstone, a prominent busi
ness man of Detroit, Mich., is a guest at
the California.
G. M. Francis, the Postmaster of Napa,
is among those who yesterday registered
at the Occidental.
W. H. Wiliiamsnn. a prominent young
business man of Santa Cruz, is with his
bride at the California.
Rev. B. W. R. Taylor has come up
from his home in Los Angeles and is a
guest at the Occidental.
B. W. Lee, one of the leading business
men of Los Angeles, is registered at the
Palace, where he arrived yesterday.
Allan Pollok, buyer for the Palace, left
last night on a week's vacation. He in
tends going as far north as Portland.
H. C. Woodrow of St. Louis, who is
largely interested in the mining business
of Calaveras County, is a guest at the
Occidental.
E. H. Vance, one of the lumber mag
nates of Eureka, is at the Grand. He
comes to this city on a trip combining
business and pleasure.
Owing to the burning of the snow
sheds at Cisco there were no overland
arrivals at the hotels last night. • It was
impossible for the railroad people to
transfer the westbound passengers owing
to the nature of the catastrophe and the
country in which it occurred before cer
tain repairs had been finished. These
will probably be completed in time to ad
mit of f he pasengers arriving late this
afternoon or early this evening.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb at Townsend's. *
•i . ♦ « .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104i>. *
Their Chief Is Here.
Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister, supreme com
mander of the Ladies of the Maccabees,
who arrived here yesterday from Port
Huron. Mich., will be tendered a reception
in Golden Gate Hall to-morrow night by
the members of the hives in this city and
in Oakland.
If your stomach is deranged try a half spoon
ful of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters in a little
wine before meals.
University of California
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHIEF MUSICIAN— L. H., City. In
time of peace the pay of chief musician
in the United States army, artillery or
infantry, is $22 a month for" the first three
►♦♦^^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'H^H>^'H^^H-H-'f-f-f'f^V : 4->T ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
f
o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^o -»-o-»-o-».o-«.o-»-o«-c«-o-».o-»-o-»-o-».o-».o -»-o.».o-«.o- # .o-«-o-».o.».o +
! In Next Sunday's Call. 1.1
4 . ° ■♦■
O-^O-^C-^O-^C-»O-^O-^O-^C-^0-«-0-«-0-^O-^3-^0-^0-^C-^0-^O-«- ©♦o-^o-^o-^o-^o
♦ * t
I How I Spent Twenty-Four ♦ I
♦ nours in Jail. By  BILL . BEADBUHY . I |
I ~ : ; > I
\ . THE KLUMPKE GIRLS. I I
o The Story of Anna Klumpke and Her Talented Sisters, o >
°* !° :
♦ THE DIKE OF MARLBOROUGH'S ♦ t
♦ FAMOUS COLLECI ION OF JEWELS ♦ t
0 IS NOW IN AMERICA. I t
o Read about them in next Sunday's , Call. o "♦
♦ . ♦ I
o o
? A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL VISITS SARAH BERN- ? t
♦ HARDT AT HER HOME. ■♦ %
I -— *° : :
O - ™ "T"
I HOW TO REMOVE WRINKLES. I t:
o An illustrated article that will interest V X
o . every woman. By MME HY^EIA. ♦ ±
o ■ . • ♦ +
1 THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK- I -I
|By PROFESSOR H. B. LATHROP of Stanford University J |
♦ i |
Prize Babies of the Median- 1 Story of the First Flagstaff ? +
0 ics' Institute International Raised in California to Fly ° X
♦ Baby Show. • the American Flag. * >
♦ _ ♦ -f
o o >
♦ Fashion, Fiction, Housekeepers' Chat and a Host of Other * "♦"
+ Interesting Features a
o ■ "*■
O*O*O+O*o*O*O*o*O4-o*o-t-C»o*b4-o*o*o*o -«-O^O-^O-^O-^O«.O^O "*"
I In Next Sunday's Call. \ I
r _ . ' ? +
o^ o *o-o-«-o-*o-«-o o*oto*pVo*-b*o>» o-c-»o-»-o*o *o ♦o*o*o*o*o 1
' * * *^
years, $24 a month the fourth year, $25 the
fifth year and $27 each year after that.
MOUNTAIN HEIGHTS— G. 8., City.
The height of Mount Shasta is 14,442 feet;
that of Mount Hamilton is 4343 feet._^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
The New Brew ~"~
°f ttrc Anhcuic- l A\
4Jo§£^§r — "The American Porter"
fLjp^c^A^ft Supplies a delightful beverage to
J*\. W*i* the American public that has long been
demanded but never previously attained. It is superior in every way to
the best English Porter, Stout and 'alf and 'alfj being mellow, refreshing
and palatable. The only perfect Porter of American make.
Try a bottle of the new brew. Sold at all buffets.
Made only by
ANHEUSER BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Famous Original Budweiscr, Faust, MJchelob,
Anhcimr Standard. Pale Lager and Anheuser-Busch Dark.
SUISSER LODGED
IN SAUNAS JAIL
Prisoner's Cell Is Closely
Guarded.
Speoial Dispatch to Th« Call.
SALINAS .Oct. I— Geoi r, the
.■nurderer cf Sheriff I once more
!:. his native t< Wi I Ind prison bars
autiously t : strong corps
'eputy Sheriffs, awaiting th.
3:minary trlaJ crime
- In this city.
er was brought back to-night after
s.xte n in the E
Clara i
Sheriff Keef, Far c only
• i-day
the
prisoner. rning thai
he we murden r in iai.
vi inp
that
San
tively unknown until
rrived.
'.yd at the
roached at
;. ■ :
the train. It is sup-
Id up
the prisoi
t pay al
hustled h ■
■ iken to th.- jail
Inary trial
n Friday. The
■
■
morn
nent which
•
Cess " kn< iw
• • ied.
HONORS EXTENDED TO
MEXICAN OFFICIALS
Vice President Mariscal and His
Party Well Received by Citi
zens of San Antonio.
SAN . ANTONIO. Tex., Oct. 4.— The
handsnm--- special train bearing Minister
Mariscal; Yiee-President of Mexico, and
his party, arrived here this afternoon
from Ea.«<le Pass, which place they had
left shortly after 11 o'clock this n rning.
There were nearly 2000 people at the
depot to greet the distinguished party.
The train stopped here for an hour, and
during that time a continual stream of
people rushed through the train to shake
Minister Marlscal's hand. The party held
a levee on the back platform of the rear
coach, and when the train pulled into the
depot all Wired their heads to the im
m<'n=o throng of people which surrounded
the coach. Minister; Mariscal thanked all
the people for their courteous treatment
and expressed regret at not being able
to prolong hi« stay in this oHy.
The train left for Houston, the next
Ftop. at .". o'clock. As the train slowly
parsed Fort Sam Houston, an c-mbassa
dor's salute of nineteen guns was fired
by Battery X, First Artillery.
Collier Released.
LOS AN ■ ■ — E. A. <
Ki'i.-r who was arrested by
with i-rirn,--;
. was r. -
■•-".' 3 i !ommJ -
.n% on motion of th- Dls-
Attorney, no
nst him. 1 •
-
m wit
in N< w M-x-
He will be taki . i N
Logs Coming Ashore.
< AYUCOS, Oct. I.— A great many pine
•
: nd near Loi
I
■ ■ I
iforro. a distance of forty
A number of men
making big money gat:
In thei ■
Peru's Revolt Collapses.
LIMA. Peru. Oct. 4— lt
■will to-morrow pu
5 his rei
from ;
B( rti d, will
mean I -■■ of the insur-
To Gain Weight
I — • i make \ our tissues soun I I
8 ;\n J linn, your nerves stea ! . I
Ghirardelli's Cocoa I
■ At your grocer'i — 50c a Ib. I
VISITED MIMES
ON MOTHER LODE
Amador Entertains Min
ing- Engineers.
Special Pippatrh to Th<? Call.
JACKSON. Oct. 4.-The mining en
! gineers to-day saw new developments in
| deep mining in the mother lode in Amador
j County, after yesterday's Interesting ob
| servations of new surface operations by
| gold dredges In Butte County, and the
I day has been one of the most Interesting
jof the trip. The party woke up at [one
I and in the early forenoon a number of
j carriages provided by the local com
i mits • ■ of the California Miners' Asso-
I elation and citizens bore the guests In
three parties to Jackson, Sutter Creek
and Amador City, all within twenty
miles.
i The party put in the day in enjoying the
. hospitality of these thriving mining
I towns and In seeing some of the great
• mother lode mines strung like iewels be
tween Amador City and Jackson.
Among the mil visited were the Key
stone, Lincoln, Wildman and Mahoney.
The scattering parties went through the
mills and . rally into the depths of
these great mines. They learned that all
those old mines are just now experienc
ing a second birth, developing now and
j great riches and sinking new shafts to
j depths of irom 2000 to 3500 feet. In no part
: of the State could so strong a presenta
< tion of the great future possibilities of
! the mother lode be given. A map of this
j section of the mother lode accompanied
j a very neat programme of the local tour,
I prepared by the committee of which E.
iC. Voorh ms was a leading spirit. Sutter
i Creek presented an arch of welcome.
To-morrow more mines will be visited
j and royal hospitality will be extended
jat the Gwin mine at noon. Carriages
I will take the party on to Villa Springs.
j where the mining tour will oracticaTly
! end. The Eastern party will " give six
i days to th Yosemlte Valley and then go
: home by way of Los Angeles.
THREATENED
WITH DISSENTION
Pan-Presbyterians and
the Transvaal.
i.itch to The Call,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4. -A split of po
i HticaJ lines was narrowly averted in the
I ':■■ sbyterian Alliance
1 to-day. Th<"- trouble grew out ■•' a i
iterday favoring arbitration as ;i
solution of tii.- < i i IT • ■
j Britain and the Transvaal. Objection to
! on the ground
! that arbitration Was <<:;t "f place b< I
a sov< r< icn state and one of it>
. . ■
_ : ■ . <■. p. j. :;
■ f .!■ ham - IRi v. 11. 8. Bosnian
.i. Mr. Bosnian left here ".i
Mondaj for Africa, :• ■
gram begging him to come back t" hia
of the threatened war out
lo« k - on after the session
this moniinpr. presented :■
• ting. Thia was
referred without reading to tn<
committi c. Though
public, it was Boon known that It
was ... • . . ■
ki n : 1 1 m the n>ll ;is
: . - ileasure ;it the
j.ut upon . ' . At the after
noon .-■ ssion, however, an adju
■ cd. Dr. Mering was induced to with
■ i
following ;■
v. hi< h wae unanimo ted:
"In view of the present dlstn
uation between Qreal Britain and tlw
Transvaal, it is the eari si aivl
thia alliance that a p< i
• . • • -iit crisis may be
•
• ; the adoption of tins resolution if
1 that a prayer should be • f
;" .[■ ih>=- consummation of this much
man th< i
the terable Dr. Calven, the
• the alliance," who Offered a
rtl t pi r for peace.
Aside from the political flurry caused by
f Dr. Mering. thorp was little
■ ; In the day's session. It was
■ btish a p< rmam nt ofß
• in London. Reports were
work In Europi
Dr. Matthi wp, in present
ing thi Eur pean n I lared that
had b< i n li'.rtrc withdrawals of both
rs from the Human
Catholic church in Prance and Austria.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Patents Granted and Orders of the
War Department.
WABHTNGTOJI, ! '. <\. Oct 4.—taclflc
ranted t i-day as fol
-1 'allfornJa F. H. Babl
BWimming apparatus; Edward T. Clowe,
Woodland, bfilt holder; Armond Do aim
man, Bakersfleld, separable button; B.>r
nnrd Fanta. l>os Angeles, fiirar; Minnie
OJilmore, Garden Valley, ventilated lunch
bucket; John E. Keyt, San Francisco,
arrate for cooking stoves; Alva A. Pattr.n..
San Francisco, boiler tube cleaner and
driver: A. H. Peterson, Ban Simeon,
spring brake shoe; Henry B. Pinnty,
Oakland, confectionery machine; Henry
Root, Ran Francisco, burial vault; .1
H. Scott and S. H. Brown, Ban Frac
automatic angering devic< Cor -•..
Instruments; Adolph Thompson.
|«s, «~gp tester; Singleton Vaughn.
Bakerslif-ld. tricvele; William C. Wood
ward, I-os Angeles, gearing- for pumping
; ;ick.
Oregon— C. B. Hanthorn and A. Welch,
Astoria, automatic water feeder for
r; John T. Lucas, Wa*co,
ting plow.
Washington— George L. Gay, Spokane.
wrapping machin. : Frank IT. Gilbert,
Kidge field, sack' holder.
Army orders- Coli nel Charles R. Gi
• :. will pro
to' the Philip
■l report In
commanding -•: of the Department
pacific. Private AJ stick
ler, Company a. Twenty-eighth Infantry,
• t A. Lloyd, hospital
Ho, Baa Francis 1, will be dis
• ,i from the iervice of the l "j ii t <-< 1
Recruil Howard I>. Brown,
Twenty-eighth Infantry. Presidio, having
enlisted under false pretenses, will i<
charged without honor from the service
I the United Slat' s.
THE SAS FEA^CTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTORER 5, 1899.
FIRED BY MISTAKE UPON
BALTIMORE'S SAILORS
Three of Cruiser's Men Wounded
While Entering Bacoor River
After the Fight.
MANILA, Oct. 4.— Several hundred
insurgents have reoccupied Porac,
which was captured by General Mar-
Arthur ":i September 20 and evacuated
by the Americans the following day.
The insurgent forces are reported mov
ing toward Mexico, southeast of An
gejes.
The object of the double movement
is apparently to get behind the Ameri
can garrison on both sides of the Ma
nila-Dagupan railway.
Reconnaissances from Mexico by the
Fourth cavalry toward Santa Ana,
northeast of Mexico and toward Ara
yat, due north of Santa Ana, devel
oped the fact that the insurgents are
in position at both points. An Ameri
can private was killed in the skirmish
at Santa Ana. The Arayat party
learned that Scott and Edwards of the
Twenty-fifth Infantry, who are miss-
Ing, are prisoners at Magayalene.
The insurgents made two attacks on
Calamba, in which the commanding of
ficer rep< rts fifty Filipinos killed and
many wounded. Two companies of the
Twenty-first Regiment repelled each
attack, losing two men killed and seven
wounded.
8010 men surprised an outpost near
Guagufl, killing two privates. The
"thi-r two escaped.
While four sailors of the United
States cruiser Baltimore were entering
the Bacoor River in a boat yesterday
after the fight they received a volley,
wounding three. It is understood that
the volley came from I'nited States
lers wh,., having been ordered to
prevent the passage of boats, fired by
mistake on the Baltimore's men.
Rear Admiral Watson announces the
recovery of thi United States gunboat
Urdaneta, which was captured and
beat hed by th< Insurgents near Orani.
on the Orani River, where she had been
blockading. The expedition was entire
ly su< cessful, the Americans Buffering
The establishment of local municipal
governments by the American authori
se having 31 one good effect,
[can forces are rec< Iving from
Icials advance infor
n ol all insurgent n
h of Manila and are abl^ y> antici-
WASHINGTON, Oct. I.— General Otis
has > abled th< v. pa men! the
follov ■ ' the recent engage
is w ith the insurgents:
MANILA, Oct. Captain Poore, Sixth
; Inlantry, attacked Intrenched robber
band. Western Negros, Ist in?t. '•■■ uten
ant Gtubbs, Sixth Infantry, killed; Dr.
Shillock, three listed • men slightly
wounded: twenty of the enemy killed, in
cludlng tv leading robbers; twelve rifles,
large supply of ammunition and stores
captured; Poore's action highly com
mended.
Insurgents west of Bacoor and Imus,
Luzon."? attacked line of communication.
Captain Eldredge, Fourteenth Infantry.
killed; Lieutenant Burgess", Fifth Artil
lery, wounded; number enlisted men
killed and wounded; ten 01 twelve. Enemy
driven west and south with a reported
heavy loss. Yesterday enemy attacked
Calamba; driven off some distance Into
country; our casualties two enlisted men
killed, seven wounded. Sixty insurgents
killed; number wounded unknown. Fourth
Cavalry reconnaissance yesterday at San
Fernando. i:i direction of Santa Ana and
Arayat: one man killed; no other casual
ties; insurgents driven, with considerable
loss. Advanced picket post; three men
out from San Antonio and Santa Rita,
west of San Fernando, killed yesterday
by '. • men. Result of carelessness and
overco:itulence in natives. OTIS.
Captain Bogardua Bldredge, who was
killod by the Filipinos, waa born jn
ima and was appointed to the
army from Massachusseta In 1876 from
civil lif> j . U- served with the Tenth
Infantry until K'7. when he was ap
p ilnted captain of thp Fourth Infantry.
!i.> waa on college duty From 1881 to
1883, later serving on the Western fn>n
TO-DAY
Bulletins
of the
COLUMBIA - SHAMROCK
Yacht Race
By
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
Watch Them!
President's Nephew to Wed.
YOfUNGSTOWN, Ohio. Oct. 4.— Cards
have been Issued for the marriage of
Miss Viola Delrick and William Mokinley
Duncan of Cleveland, a nephew of Pre?i
dent McKlnley. Tlie wedding is to oc
cur on Wednesday, October 18, at the
t Results from overwork, nervous tension, |j^^^Sij ■ X. Jsn fl*ilP§ X
X mental fatigue, excesses or neglect. it is a *^^^ <^'$ wsiisr?k
>; serious ailment, in which the nerves call 1 1\ W \ ♦
t for nutrition and strength. Electricity is a grand bracer for this 1 1 [WWh^ \ X
♦ weakness, because it circulates the life fluids and feeds the j M'^^jlfr ) X
X nerves with vital power. The best application of curative elec- 1 41^5^1^ / X
X trici'ty is by my i^^^^f X
I - dr. Mclaughlin improved bell WM I
i ■ * &^ ffi/itSfc X
This is a surprising remedy. It is simple and natural. That is why /^ X/ iliW& -♦
■f it is so successful. During the twenty years of my practice 1 have found tjjSmm*^ Jjl t£ % X
X nothing equal to it for curing Nervous Diseases, and especially all kinds of || v //^l \ X
+ weakness. Mv treatment has cured thousands of cases tor which tonics or f{■ w'm 1
♦ repose had been prescribed and failed. Passivity alone will not cure the t f\iy f V ff'&'if X
X nerve — neither will drugs. The system needs electrical animation. If you $%& Jj (>*}s, I
+ suffer from any weakness my battery Belt will suffuse you with warm life- " *' / $W|yj -f
X force. Try this invijorant. Call and test my method, or let me send you
-♦- my new book, free. The improved electrodes of my Belt do not blister the skin, and a patent ♦
♦ regulator controls the voltage at wi'l. This is away ahead of old styles. +
■♦- SAN JOSE. Cal.. Sept. 4, 1899. +
-♦- Dear Sir:— Your Belt has made a wonderful improvement in my condition. The pains and weakness have en- >
■♦- tircly disappeared and I've gained in weight and strength. This Is all due to your Electric Belt treatment. With best .*.
4. wishes, I am. Yours truly, FRANCIS LANE. 1
♦ . -■-■-'•■ : -^- / 1
t HI! fiR it ii#ki RIBOyi fill 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, <>«■« Houn 8 -sn.m. to 8:30 p.m. I
Xll ft M fit m(\l UlliiHl IN S.F..andßurdlckßlocfe * Sundays, 10 to 1. ±
-♦- I#SB3 IllD 111 lIIUIaIT V Wills I 111 Cor. Spring lad Second, Los A ngalei. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES >
tier until I^S, when he accompanied an
expedition to Alawka. Returning from
that Territory in the summer of 1899, he
sailed for Manila in June last.
First Lit j utt>nant H. Y. Grubbs of tlr*
Sixth Infantry, who was also killed,
was a native of Kentucky. He was
graduated at the Military Academy in
the class "f l v !'*) and served with the
Eighteenth and the Sixth Infantry.
During the Spanish war he served in
Cuba ;is lieutenant colonel of the Sec
ond I'nit' 1 States Volunteer Infantry.
He had been in the Philippines only a
few weeks.
P< iRTLAND, Or.. Oct. 4.— The trans
pi rta Rio de Janeiro and Sikh sail- 3 '! for
ila this evening with the Thirty
fiftn Regiment United States V-ilun
i> e;v on board. In addition to the regi
ment there were on board twenty-one
trained nurses and sixty casuals who
will be assigned to companies when
they reacb Manila. Lieutenant Colonel
EMward H. Plummer, the regimental
Btaff and band and two battalions
Bailed on the Rio de Janeiro. Major
Robert T >. Walsh is in command of the
First Battalion, which sailed on the
Sikh.
On arrival at Manila Colonel W. A.
Kobe, who is now in the Philippines,
will take command of the regiment.
The emergency corps of this city
presented each company with many
delicacies and a large quantity of
flowers.
CALLS OUR SOLDIERS
DRUNKARDS AND RAKES
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— Army Secre
tary Peyton of the Brotherhood of St.
Andrew, who has just returned from a
Btay of six months in the Philippines,
res that the United States has
"45,000 drunken rakes and gamblers" in
and around Manila, and that religious
progress Is quite out of the question
while American soldiers are there." He
says the Roman Catholic priests have
made up with the Tagalos and are
losing no time and sparing no money
to tell the Filipinos that the Americans
now in Manila have made the city a
"hell hole" to a civilian. In an inter
view he said:
Without qualifying exceptions, the Ta
galos are the most moral and most relig
ious people 1 ever saw, but they are mere
children In ability to govern themselves.
It would never do, in my judgment, for
the United States to abandon them.
At ■:• present time there is no chance
for Protestant effort. l? is practically
useless to undertake to do anything there
until the United States troops depart or
reform. The United States has In and
around Manila at this moment about 45,000
drunkards, rakes and gamblers. Of course
there are exceptions, but they are not
worth mentioning. When the American
troops landed in Manila there was only a
saloon or two in the whole place. To-day
Manila is a hell hole. There are 050 or
more saloons, the typical places of the
Western frontier, or worse, and the sa
loons are more respectable than are many
of the other places within the city which
Americans have either planted or kept
alive by their support.
When the insurrection was at its height
many Spanish priests were driven out and
left the Island. With the coming of the
American? a common danger has brought
the Tagalos and Spaniards together, and
old sores have been healed. To-day not
only Luzon but the islands in the west
and south are covered with friars, who
are active as they never were before.
REBELS ATTACK THE
TOWN OF PARANAQUE
MANILA. Oct. s.— An attack upon Pa
ranaojue was made by the insurgents last
night and rebel sympathizers in the town
set fire to a number of buildings.
Color I !'!_-_-. n repulsed the attack and
■ l offers of assistance from Bacoor.
The exteni of the damage done bj the
incendiary fires has not yet been learned.
v
X
o
The Call will to-day repeat
its achievement of Tuesday A
last. Watch the wireless tel- _£
egraphy bulletins of the sec- a
ond of the international races K.
for the America cup. They A
will be prominently displayed \,
in front of the business office A
of The Call. £
home of the bride in this city, and l'r> Bi
dent McKlnley will attend.
New Cases of Yellow Fever.
KEY AVKST. Oct. 4. — Twenty-seven
new cases of yellow fever were reported
to-<lay. No deaths.
BRIGHT FUTURE
FOR CAPE NOME
Observations of General
H. I. Willey.
•
PREDICTS A BIG INRUSH
♦
GOLD IS VERY FINE AND MUCH
OF it is lost.
♦ —
Under the Present Mining Laws an
American Has Very Little Op
portunity to Make Money
in Dawson.
♦
BY HOL HOFFMAN.
I JUNEAU, Alaska. Sept. 26.— General H.
' I. Willey, formerly Surveyor General of
, the State of California and well known
in San Francisco, has just returned from
j a round trip of Alaska— that is, from Ju
i neau to Juneau. Me went by way of the
I Yukon, touching at Dawson and all the
principal points on the river and at Cape
' Nome. He traveled 43>jO miles and waa
! gone eight weeks. He said with close con
' nections he could have made the entire
; distance In twenty-four traveling days.
i General Willey will make a trip to Sitka,
where he Is interested in the Pande Basin
, Gold Mining Company, and in a few
! weeks he will go to New York, probably
! returning by way of San Francisco about
Christmas. Concerning Cape Nome, he
said:
"Cape Nome is a wonderful place. Yes,
it is going to be a hot town next winter,
and it is also Suing to be a very cold town.
It is the coldest place on earth, and windy
, —there's nothing in Alaska like it. Dr.
I Call waa on the same boat with me from
St. Michael to Cape Nome. He was with
Lieutenant Francis in the reindeei • \
pedition to Port Clarence. He says they
; had more trouble with the cold and wi! 1
I on the plains back of Cape Nome than
; any other place in the north. It is op< n
I (in the north, east and south, there being
a low range of mountains a considerable
distance away on the west, but the wind
does net come from the west. The build
ings art- nothing but shehs of boards hi.'';
: will give very little protection against the
storms.
"Norton Soand freezes over and the
1 winds pile the ice high, probably about
:«' per cent of the population want to leave
Nome for the winter, but not one in
five will !>(■ able to get away. There will
not be ships to tarry them.
"When the beach diggings were discov
i ered many men who had claims on the
temporarily deserted them, pre
ferring to work for a sure thing rather
than where there was nothing yet in
\ Their idea may have been to use
their savings to develop the creek claims
"The beach diggings an- peculiar,"
continued General Willey. "I never saw
nor heard of anything quite like them. In
the first place, about two-thirds ol
gold is lost. It is very fine, almost as fine
.: >ur. it Is found in black and ruby
sand. This sand Is on a thin layer of day.
fnmi wh'.ch the sand is scraped. There are
usually three such layers of day, but I
,never heard of inybody going down
•:. where there are doubtless other
rs '>f clay. One reason f<>r this may
!"• that If they went lower the water
might come in on them. I do not think
more than one-third of tl - >ld Is saved.
Th re are several ways to account for the
great loss. The rock< ra are as a rule very
i r ide. « !< nsiderable of tire gold has a thin
coating of rusty iron, and for that reason
; will nut hold to tho plates. Then the black
is almost as heavy as the gold and
n impediment.
"The )'< ach is on^n to all comers, and
there will be a sight there next summer
that will hardly t■■ eh n again In a cen
tury. From the time of the discovery nf
•thf- beach digcings prospecting In the
surrounding country was practically
abandoned. I saw the cold with my own
>•>•» s taken out on the beach and creeks.
On the beach they are m iking from $3 to
• •!• day to tho man. just as they hap
pen to <t:ik« it. Cape Nome promises to
, rival I tawßon.
"Dawson Is the toughest town on earth.
Vice is flaunted openly— ricrht in
your face. You must see; you
can't get away from it. Of rnnr : v
there are localities just as bad
in San Francisco, Chicago New York,
but a gen tli man s> -id-.m has to see it and
a lady never.
'It looked to ni" at Pawsnn as though
the Britishers intend t>> beep the country
for tl :::■■! t'r.'.-z.- out all •>■
I do not think the mining laws ever will
be modified. Americans and other aliens
who arc hoping for a change had better
decide to mak.> the best of it. if an all< n
strik.s a piece >>f new ground, one-half
of it goes .'.' <■!:■.• to t!),- Crown. Then
there is i > per c. m royalty on the output
over $5000. Well, that is 60 per cut for
the frown. At leasi 10 per pent m..n> will
be <atcn up in the cost of working the
property, so that what rcmriirs foi
miner is al il ::" per cent There
Isn't very much money in that.
"1 wouldn't live hi Dawson and drink
that foul water for all the gold there. I
■ i . though, waterworks are nearly
completed and that will make it much
better. Dawson is a dirty town— dirty in
every sense of the word. But they are
cleaning up some now and tilling- In the
swampy places with sawdust. Everybody
who could pet away— who didn't ' have
anything to do— in other words, the «="'.; m
of the toxvn, has flocked down the river
■■' Capi N imp, i r is going to ilock."
See "Keith's" millinery window, Phelan
building, for novelties in new colors. ;
Minister Bi-yan's Visit.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4. -Charles Pape
Bryan, United States Minister to Brazil,
has arrived In Washington en route
to his lmmc in Chicago. (!.■ called
at the State Department to-day to pay
his respects to Secretary May. He Is on
leavt "i" absence from his post. The
Minister says that the preseni administra
tion of Brazil lias only the most cordial
regard for the Unii B He de
clares that the recent ebullition of ill
feeling caused by the appearance of the
C S. S. Wilmington in th^ Amazon
very mu^h exaggerated. Mr. Bryan loft
Washington for Chicago this afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
'-♦-^— ♦~<»>-«-4>-»-^>-*-4>--»-<S>-#-^ -♦- -♦- -♦- -♦- ♦-<?>-♦-•
Special Sale of Skirts! |
: • ♦
We place on sa'e .to-day (Thursday) nearly 1000 '•<.
LADIES' SKIRTS, ranging in price from 50 Cents <>
to $1.25 each. t
These goods represent the surplus stock of a manufac-
turer, and we guarantee them as being worth double the price
quoted. They are finely finished and may certainly be con- <>
sidered a bargain. T
Attention is particularly invited to our spacious show win-
dows, which contain a remarkably fine display of I
Ladies' Slik and Woolen Waists, Ladies' ♦
Merino and Muslin Underwear, and Black 4
and Colored Dress Goods. • J
— t
I
tjrlj Murphy Building:, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. I
I Now is the time to get I
I your Fa I and Winter I
| Suit made, ' j
• Be sure you get a good one when you ]
t order. Don't wear shabby, ill-fitting suits J
] when you can gel the perfect-fitting kind I
i s for even 25 per cent less money than you ;
j • generally pay for the other kind. :
5 It's a case of knowing where to go. j
J We are particular tailors, and use great :
: care in making up all suits. We make :
I them to please you. ■
: Our All Wool Business •
• for $15.50 are beau- :
• , . ties. All Wool Pants, •
: J?|fH »4 .50 :
' * ■■■■ The. Tailor j
i I /liff : ; ; W' ; ' 1110-1112 Market !
! : ' I??*''.; ' Ei,:! i St.. San Francisco. ■
j J sff V •'"•= M ■'•:" ' 901-208 Montgomery :
■ "M TwtMM St. San Francisco. :
1 *^ ~\: j 1011 Washington St.. •
: Oakland. :
• 143 South Spring St., •
2 Los Angeles. ;
Furniture [Carpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
I A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc,
; Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal, credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Free
delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY.
338=340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Main 1860.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
\ Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
• F:ELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. Sxll), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
| V.on of Field's best and most ropresenta-
i tlve work? and Is ready for delivery.
I But for the noble contribution of the
I world's greatest artists this book could not
: have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
, tween the family of th.- late Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
Of childhood. Address
EU3ENE FIELD MONUMENT SODVE I IB FUND,
ISO Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. is inserted as
our Contribution.
TJEADQUARTERS ♦o*o*o*o*o*o
: 0 For tourists, travelers, societies ♦
4 and associations that visit San O
0 Francisco. ♦
♦ PALACE AND ♦
♦ GRAND HOTELS. ♦
♦ The accommodations, cuisine, service |
! ? and location make these hotels desirable o
'< ♦ tor transient and . permanent guests, i
; ° Kates on application. f
♦ JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. c
9 ' Manager. •
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ o< . o^ o^ c< - ♦ ♦"♦o °
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Is a Great Het>iorativt;, Invtsoiutoc anu Ner-
vine.
i The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ceys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE *,&•$»• HER LIONS.
HIGH DIVERS
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
"Princess," the Big Elephant, in the Zoo.
TO-NIGHT—
amateur NIGHT!
AN AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH!
Phone fT Seats, Park 23. ■
ONLY THREE DAYS MORE
OF THE GREAT
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT
THE PAVILION.
Closes Saturday night Last opportunity to
see the Filipino Village, Filipino Circus, In-
dustrial Exhibits and to hear Bennets Band
and Miss Alice Raymond.
Special exhibit of French. Italian and Ger-
man bakers' wonderful creation.
To-morrow .night— Odd Fellows.
Admission to Fair 23 cents
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR™
A SUCCESSFUL LAUGH-MAKER.
ROLAND REED'S
Rearing Farce Comedy,
Innocent as a Lamb!
Fun From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
I • ,
I MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES 7715 c, 25c, 35c, 59c.
NEXT WEEK— "JIM THE PENMAN."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
CROWDED AS USUAL.
A Brilliant and Unqualified Success.
ALL THIS WEEK,
Planquette's Charming Comic Opera,
RIP VAN WINKLE,
NEXT WEEK— "GIROFLE GIROFLA."
; Usual Popular Prices, 10c, 15c. 25c, 35c and 60c.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee,
I 23 cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
HAWAIIAN QUEENS,
; FOREST AND KING.
FELIX MORRIS A CO.
JENNIE YEA MANS.
FRANK CUSHMAN.
SEYMOUR AND DUPREE.
TEHRY AND LAMBERT.
STINSON AND MORTON.
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
j and box seats. 50c.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
...THE MIKADO...
Alf C. Wheelan. Tom Greene, William Schus-
ter, Ada Walker, Julie Cotte, Ynez
Dean, etc.
"Mikado" Repeated Sunday Night and Satur-
day Matinee.
Final Performances of
. . . CAR/WEN . ..
"Friday and Saturday Evenings,
Avedano. Salassa, Anna Lichter. Mary Linck.
POPULAR PRICES-::* and 50c.
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS— BUSH 9.
Next Week— "SAT and "ERNANI."
Great Verdi Night. October 10, Celebrating
Verdi's Birthday. .
COLUMBIAJHEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MODJESKA,
Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD
And a Company of Players.
TO-NIGHT AND FRIDAY NIGHT,
MARY STUART.
SAT. MAT., "MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
Saturday Evening— "Macbeth."
SUNDAY NIGHT, Octobsr 8.
HsT£l TOPSY TORI*
THE GREAT MUSICAL FARCE.
Special Comedy Season Prices— sl, 75c. 50c & 25c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. l PopaUr
LAST PERFORMANCES OF
MR. BEN HENDRICKS
"A yenuinFyentleman."
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2:15. SUNDAY AT 1:30.
COMMENCING SUNDAY NIGHT. OCT 8,
MISS NANCE O'NEIL
AND HER LONDON COMPANY,
Presenting for the First Week.
"PEG WOFFINGTON." -THE JEWESS"
and a new version of "CAMILLE." the one
used by Sarah Bernhardt and. never before pro-
duced in San Francisco.
POPULAR PRICES STILL PREVAIL,
EVENING. 75c, 50c and 25c.
MATINEE, 50c and 2oC.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKE! CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. IS9«.
: ... 4 OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Raring Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*.
Five or mere races each day.
Races Mart ut 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and.
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3, p. m.. connecting'
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Buy jour ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San,
Pablo avenue Electric Cafs at Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland. Also all trains vie Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenu»
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B MILROY. Secretary.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
r continues to decline.
Wheat and Barley both lower and quieter.
s, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
and Feedstuff* sell at previous prices.
Beans show more changes and are firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quid.
Advance in Butter checked by large receipts.
rs still higher. No change in ( 'heese.
dine lower 'and out of favor, owing to the heat.
Itry market well supplied and quiet.
I- 'me drapes again in good demand and firm.
Pried Peaches continue to rise.
visions extremely active in the West.
Increased customs collections.
Charters.
The Clan Macpherson loads salmon at Van
couver for Liverpool or London, S7s 6.1. option
of wheat at Portland or Tacoma: Lorton,
■wheat at Portland for nth Africa, We: Gutrn
rev. lumber at Portland for Vladivostok:
Philippine, umber on the Sound for Manila for
the Government; Ivy. lumber at Victoria for
port Arthur 80s: Harvester, lumber at Che
ir.alnus for Capo Town, 6,'s.
The Pactolus loads coal at Departure Bay
far Honolulu, $3, and sugar thence to Delaware
Breakwater for orders, $6 -direct port, *•■ ro.
A I ' aluablc Document.
The annual report ol Consul General Pickers-
San Frandaco to the British Qovernment
inJ. nnd is a most useful and Intel
ent. It is more than a mere ■•oinmerclal
report, betas In - act a contemporary mercan
tile Industrial and agricultural history of San
- -■ ite ol California, U
in a highly intelligent and exhaustive way.
being omitted, it
valuable to the practical I'ailfornlan a.« to the
-eminent, especially as a work for
oce.
Customs Collections.
Local Custom-house collections last month
were 22.200 againn 1463,800 for the same
month last year. The collections thus far this
voar amount to 15,336,587, against $■4,618,700 in
IS9B.
Receipts of Coal.
Receipts of coal at this port thus far this
>.-.,r are L 074 ,167 tons, asiin-t 1,0W,«60 during
and include 4i>i.184 tons
,410 from Australia and
rom British 1 ■olumbia.
The Hay Market.
The circular of Somers & Co. says:
"There Is no especially Interesting 1 fact th«t
can be noted In connection with the marketing
of hay for the past few days, nor, in fact, for
the past few weeks. Heavy shipments have
been made right along and everybody has been
quite busy handling their consignments, filling
up their consumers, •■'■■ This has been con
tinued steadily up to the present time, but It
may reasonably be expected that very shortly
a decided change In the demand may be noted.
Gradually the different storehouses and iofts
throughout the town and country are becoming;
filled and when a certain number are off the
hay market will begin to drag. We trust that
when this time comes the fields will be quite
well cleaned out, that the market may not be
overcrowded with shipments, so that we may
go into the winter season with matters In fair
shape. Because of the present discouraging
prices many farmers have manageito put away
at least a portion of their crops, hoping to find
a much better market later on, and we trust
that they may not be disappointed, for upon
their prosperity, directly or indirectly, depends
the welfare of our city, and, in fact, a.ll com
mercial centers throughout the country. It
way reasonably be expected that within a
month or two we may see an advance over the
present range of prices of from $1 to $2 per ton.
Anything further than this will be brought
about only by a dry season or some unexpected
even which cannot be foreseen at the present
time.
"The demand for strictly gilt-edge wheat hay
continues fairly good, while most other grades
are dragging along; in an uninteresting way.
Alfal;a is coming in very plentifully and seems
to be wavering somewhat. The demand for
this particular quality seems to be lessening
materially and prices are from 25c to 50c per
ton off all around."
New York Dri-ed fruit Market.
Mall advices from New York say: '•There is
no lmDrovement in the general situation in
the dried fruit market. Trading la light and
prices unchanged at previous range with the
exception of raisins. Orders from local buy
ers and nearby orders are scarce and distant
buyers takf only a few of each variety, appar
ently to keep up assortments. No business of
importance is expected until after the cele
bration :.; over.
••Raisin prict-s were announced yesterday and
wore higher than last year, though not much
different from what bad been published in the
Commercial as the probable opening price. The
reason ened for the hither range is the
smaller crop, but the entire clean-up of old
taoclc has been quite as influential probably.
It is expected that sales will Increase now and
that movement will be active as soon as new
crop goods begin to come forward.
"The activity of prunes is somewhat ham
pered by the continued reports that the Cali
fornia crop will be . 100,000 pounds, or 23.000,
--000 larger than laat year. The shortage In Ore
gon will have very little effect, except pos
sibly on the Fupply of large sizes, owing to the
fact that the new orchards which have come
Into bearing in California will more than make
the deficiency. Only Oregon growers suf
fer. The trade will scarcely know the differ
ence. Prices on all goods are about steady and
movement Into consumption Is about an aver
ii(,-e, though not especially large. Sales of new
crop continue small, but rumors of negotia
tions for large blocks are constant.
"Peaches are »H?htly firmer and held a frac
ti';;i higher on the coojt, particularly the small
sizes, which appear to have been 'light freely
by Western operators for speculative purposes.
K-irpre sizes are dull, trade being limited to
relatively small orders.
"Apricots are only quiet, with occasional sales
of hmall quantities. Exporters take consider
able blocks, but as a whole the trade Is dull."
Weather Report.
(12Cth Meridian— Time.)
RAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 4—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Kurcka 71 Ban Diego 66
Fresno 92 Sacramento 86
J.os Angeles 72 Independence 78
l\ei Bluff 92 Vuma 90
San Luis Obispo 82'
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
S5; minimum, 5.8; mean, 71.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly during the
I>a(-t twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. The weather ?till con
tinues clear alone the coast, although tho
winds are beginnlnK to blow from th» south
east from the mouth of the Columbia River
northward. A maximum wind velocity of 38
miles per hour from the east Is reported at
i r '-.rt Canby. A moderate storm appears to be
central over Northwestern Mexico. . Rain has
fallen generally throughout Arizona, and con
dltlo, h are favorable for showers alone: the
valley n* the Colorado. The temperature con
tlnuea high over California. At San Fran
cisco the temperature Is 13 degrees above the
normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houn onding midnight October S. 18!>9:
For Northern California— Fair Thursday,- be
romlnp threatening Thursday night in the San
J.mquin Valley; northerly, changing- to south
w* Fterly wind.
For ■them California — Cloudy and threat
ening weather Thursday, with showers In the
mountains: fr»fh south westerly winds.
PF<>r Nevada -Fair Thursday.
For Utah— Fair Thursday In northern portion,
Fhnwers< In southern portion.
Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thurs-
Increaslng cloudiness and threatening at
not so warn;: westerly, changing to
asterly winds.
ALKXANDKR O. McADIB,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
Xnv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— To-day's stock market
was dull, but firmer than, that of yesterday.
. Many railroads show net trains of nearly «
point and a few exceed that figure. A nura
! ber of the active Industrials jrained 2 to 3
i points to-day and Pullman closed 5 points
' higher on the day. There was an appreciable
! relaxation In the strength of call money and
I the speculative contingent expressed hopes of
! easier conditions at an early period.
i This, combined with excellent traffic re
! turns from railroads and the generally pros
j pero«s conditions of business, added to the un
: wHHngnes* rf holders to part with securities.
t Offerings -nrvr- on a. very light Scale all day
,In spite of the high rate for money. Borrowers
■ satisfied their needs early in the day and the
i rate fell to 4 per cent toward the close oC the
; market. This Invited a father animated
movement in the late dealings and in some
; cases there was an urgent demand from
1 shorts, causing sudden jumps in prices. The
I closing: generally was firm, though slightly be
: low the best. Sterling exchange at Paris and
| Berlin made an additional advance to-day to
i near the gold export Int. In New York rates
i for sterling; were steady. Money continues to
I move from New York to the interior in quite
] lanre amounts, but the outpo to the sub
-1 treasury is somewhat diminished. The Oc
tober taxes in New York, which have been
; paid with unusual promptness, are finding
1 their way back Into the banks, and a plan is
reported to redeem at once in advance of ma
; turity about $12,000,000 of New York bonds
; issued In anticipation of taxes. The prospect of
some relief thus offered and the continued stiff
ness of the money rate was not much regarded
In the stock market. It is not expected, how
j ever, that money will work to an easy basis
; for some time to come. Six per cent is bid for
i time loans, but very little is offered on those
i terms.
j The bond market was dull, but firm in sym-
p athy with stocks. Total sales, par value,
i $1,325,000. Government bonds unchanged.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid. i
2,710 Atchlson 20%
IS.SOO Atchlson prefd 62%
600 Baltimore £• Ohio 4S
Canadian Pacific 894
Canada Southern 62% -
100 Central Pacific 574 j
2.710 Chesapeake & Ohio 24^
4,400 Chicago Great Western h ; b
4,810 Chicago Burlington i: wuincy 1283k |
Chicago Ind & Louisville 10 *
Chicago [nd & Louisville prefd 42
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois S2H
130 Chicago & Northwestern 161%
4,100 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 112
500 CCC & St Louis 53%
510 Colorado Southern 5
100 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 45 |
125 Colorado Southern 2.1 prefd 16 1
616 Delaware .V: Hudson 122
2,044 Delaware Lack & Western IS>%
510 Denver & Rio Grande '. 20%
350 Denver & Rio Grande pretd 73% j
Erie 12>, !
303 Erie Ist prefd 35<ik
663 Great Northern i>re;d 163%
100 Hocking Coal 17.
- Valley 32
630 Illinois Central 112' i
100 lowa Central 13J4
150 lowa Central prefd lit
200 Kansas City PHtsburg & Gulf 9%
Lake Erie .* Western — : IS
Lake Erie & Western prefd 7S
Lake Shore 2w
5,9*5 Louisville & Nashville <T%
5.450 Manhattan L 10b%
S6l Metropolitan Street Railway ISSK
1,000 Mexican Central 14 (
Minneapolis & St Louis 69 |
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 93
1,910 Missouri Pacific 44 ; 2
Mobile & Ohio 44
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12' i
410 Missouri Kansas £ Texas prefd 39
400 New Jersey Central US 1 -.
L£"\) New York Central 133%
360 Norfolk & Western 23%
575 Norfolk & Western prefd 87%
3,950 Northern Pacific 51'»
1,900 Northern Pacific prefd 74
6«2 Ontario ft Western 24%
Oregon Railway & Nay 41
100 Oregon Railway 1* Nay prefd 74 :
1.180 Pennsylvania \l2Svi
700 Reading 21%
2,920 Reading Ist prefd »S%
20* Reading 2d prefd 31^
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd 77%
.'. ... St Louis «t San Fran 10^
; St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 67
800 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35%,
St Louis Southwestern 14
1,725 St Louis Southwestern prefd 33%
6,925 St Paul '24
St Paul prefd 173
St Paul & Omaha 121
20,050 Southern Pacific 374
100 Southern Railway l : «
1,600 Southern Railway prefd 5"
2,000 Texas &■ Pacific JSVi
3.5G0 Union Pacific :, <2"»
3.490 Union Pacific prefd 16%
200 Wabash '■*
500 Wabaah prefd aji
1,100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 71%
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 31
400 Wisconsin Central 16
P C C & St L '3
Express Companies—
Adams I}*
208 American 14>
United. States 0"
Well* Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
200 American Cotton Oil *•'
300 American Cotton Oil pretd 93%
American Malting 1- -*
300 American Malting prefd C 6
American Smelting & Ret 86%
300 American Smelting & Ret prefd 80%
American Spirits 5
American Spirits prefd 25
4,475 American Steel Hoop 43
1 095 American Steel Hoop prefd S4Vi
3,440 American Steel & Wire 48
520 American Steel & Wire prefd 94
2(0 American Tin Plate 37%
247 American Tin Plate prefd 85
10,820 American Tobacco HjVi
American Tobacco prefd 145"-),
1,195 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
40,15 a Brooklyn Rapid Transit 9f>%
2,875 Colorado Fuel & Iron '. 54 , i
7,450 Continental Tobacco 41%
599 Continental Tobacco prefd 91%
3,875 Federal Steel 53% ;
310 Federal Steel prefd 77%
870 General Electric 118%
200 Glucose Sugar 60%
200 Glucose Sugar prefd 104
210 International Paper 27
860 International Paper prefd 72%
100 Laclede (is." 64
COO National Biscuit \ 44V4
460 National Biscuit preifi 96
100 National Lead 28%
National Lead prefd 110
1,700 National Steel 50%
National Ste«!l prefd 95
300 New York Air Broke : 180
410 North American 12%
PaoMc Coast 46
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
1,105 Pacific Mall 88%
3,570 People's Gas 109%
100 Pressed Steel Car 66
125 PresEod Steel Car prefd 88
2,340 Pullman Palace Car 188
Standard Rope & Twine 6%
35.055 Sugar 142%
Sugar prefd 116
4.4fi5 Term Coal & 1r0n... ...115
80,545 United States Leather is%
8,595 United States Leather prefd 77%
160 United States Rubber.'. 46%
United States Rubber prefd ...... in
1,672 Western Union 87
860 Republic Iron & Steel 2£4
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 71
293,200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2a reg 100%' Do 4s 97%
Do it reg 107%, x V Cent 18t5.....111%
Do ;<» coupon.... lus^N J C e*n Da 119%
Do new 4f reg 1M Nor Car 6s 11"7
Do new 4a coup.l3o ; Do 4s 101
Do old 4s — 111 (Nor Pao lstß . 113
Do old 4s c0up. .112 I Do Ss 65
Do 6s res ins. Do 4a 102
Do 5s coupon.... 111% N T, C & S L 4s 106
Dipt of Col 8 655.. 117 Nor & W«t con 4b 92
Alabama, class A.IOB : Do gen 6e 135
Do, class B 108 Or Nay li«ts 118
Do, class C 103 Do 4e 102%
Do, currency ....100 lOr 6 Line 6s 126
Atoh gen 4b 99% Do con 6b 113%
Do adj 4s 86 Reading gen 4g.... $6'
Can So 2nd* 108% Rio G West lets.. 97
Ches & Ohio 4V45.. 95% 8 L & I M eon 55.. 109
. Do 5a 118 . jS L & S F gen 65.124»i
THE SA2s T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1599.
Chi it N con 7s. 145 St Paul cons 175 '
C & X 9 F deb 55. 120 St P. CM & P 15.120
Chi Term 4s 95 j Do 5s '....119%
D*n & Rio Q Ist*. 103 So Ry 6s 107*4
Do +p 99% Stan RAT 65.... S3
X Teun. v & G ls.iO2VTenn new settle-
Erie Gen 4s 70 ■ lr.ent 3s 97
Ft W A Den C Is. 77 Tex & Pac lute.... 113
•■■:. Elect 6s 116 I Do 2nd* 56
O H * 5 A 6e....108 Union Pan 4s ....10274
Do 2nds 108 : Wabash lots 115
II & TVx Cent 110%' Do 2nd» 9S»i
H 8 T Cent con 6slOS West Rhore 4« 112
lowa Cent lets. 116 Win Cent lets 76
Kans» C, P*<>ls 72 Va Centuries 87%
1,41 new con 4e 106 Va deferred 5
I. & N unified 45.. 99 ! Colo & So 4e S3
M, X & T 2nd5.... 69 !
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 (Ontario 7 25
Crown Point ...... ls;Ouhlr SO
Con Cal & Va.. ..130 ! Plymouth OS
Deadwood 70 • Quicksilver 2 00
Gould ,<• Curry S3' Do prefd 760
Hale & Nororoea.. 83 Sierra Nevada 63
H -iiif*tHkt? 65 00 . Standard 3 25
Iron Silver 5$ Union Con 30
Mexican ' 33 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money-- {West End 94%
Call loans ( West End prefd....lU
Time loans R(ff4 Wapting/h Electric. 47
Stocks — West Elec prefd... 68
A T & B F L«V6iWlsoonsln Central. 16
A T & S F prefd.. 62V; | Bonds-
American Sugar ..142 lAtchlson 4s 99
Am- Sugar prefd. ...117 i Mining- Shares-
Bell Telephone ...567 Adventure 7
Boston & Albanj\..249 JAllouez Mln C 0... 5%
Boston Elevated ..106%| Atlantic 2*H
Boston .<• Maine.. ..199 n.^ton & M0nt. ...545
Chi Bur & Q 129 nutte & 805t0n.... 73%
Ed El 111 208 Calumet & Hec]a_.79O
tchburg prefd. 120 Centennial 32%
General Electric ..117 Franklin 17%
G<^n Electric prefd.l2B Humboldt 1%
Federal Steel 58% ! Oeeola 84
Federal Steel pfd.. l'nxrot 47
Mexican Central .. lSiJiQuincy 155
Mich Telephone "106 Santa Fe Copper.. 12%
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 220
Old Dominion 81% Wlnona 8
Rubber 46% ! Wolverines 40
Union Pacific 42% 'Utah SB%
Union Land ■'«.
New York Money Market.
NEW TOr.K. Oct. Money on call, 4@20
per cent; last loan, 4 per cent: prime mercantile
paper. 5 1 ri!i?6 per cent: sterling exchange steady,
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4 85%
it, 4 v-,i,, or demand and $4 80%@4 SI for sixty
days: posted rates. $4 SIM<SA 83 and $4 856*4 86H;
commercial bills. $4 79^4 SO; silver certificates,
r>!><ss9>4c: bar silver, 57«ic; Mexican dollars,
47c; Government bonds, stea,dy; State bonds,
Inactive; railroad bonds, firmer.
Cash in the Treasury.
WABHINOTON, Oct. 4— To-da^j statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance-, 1288,511,647; gold reserve,
}•:.", »44. 493. _______
Londoii Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were more cheerful to-day
and remained so all through the session, clos
ing at the best. There was a heavy bear cov
ering on contradictory rumors, some hoping for
peace from Mr. Hofmeyer's visit to Pretoria,
others expecting war from the »tory that the
British have entered the Free State. Both re
ports are read bulllshly. However, as pil
ing the end of the uncertainty. It Is remem
bered that Americans rose when the Spanish
war began. Consols were lC3d for money and
103»)id for the account.
Americans were pood throughout. being sup
ported early on orders from New York. They
closed at the top. Money quiet, though bills
were a shade harder for three months, 4T&(??o(l. !
The Bank of Netherlands has raised Its dis
count rate from 4% to sd. Th<> bnnk bought
£Hs,o<"io gold in bars and (15,000 In French coin,
although the market expected a shipment from
India.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— Canadian Pacific. »l»fe;
f'nlon Paclflc preferred. 78; Northern 1 iclflc
preferred, 7:. v : Atchiaon, 20%; Grand Trunk,
7' 4 : Anaconda, 10. Bar silver, Sat, 26% d per
■ unce. Money, 4 ' _■ p^r cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YoRK, Oct. 4.— FLOl'R— Receipts.
exports, 4447. Firm with a fair de
mand; prices unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts, 873,000; exports. 195.627.
Spot weak; No. 2 red, 77Hc f. o. b. afloat spot:
No. 1 Northern Iniluth, 80% c f. o. b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. S3Hc to -arrive;
No. 2 red, 75% c elevator. Options opened quiet
' at a decline of V. cables being adverse and
an advance In consols suggested a more peace
-1 ful turn to the South African situation. Later
j the market rallied on reports of better export
j demand and prices moved up %c from the
i lowest point. Hut the market again turned
j easier under realizing, following easier French
! cobles and renewed apprehension over the
! Transvaal question. Closed weak with prices
; IV: net lower; March, SO 7-16i£S0%c, closed ai
!<O ; Sc; May, 80 r.-K.'-iM V. closed at 80* c; Oc
tober closed at 7.". I ,c; December, 77% 1 978 l-16c,
closed at 77% c.
HOPS— DuII.
HIDES— Firm; California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19c.
' WOOL— Firm.
j METALS— The general trend and sentiment
I in the Metal market was better to-day and
iat the elope Spelter and Tin showed fair
trains o-, Increased demand and small offer
-1 Ings later due to fair cables and more cheer
j ful news from the West. Lead was quiet, but
displayed a decidedly healthy undertone. Cop
per and Iron were Inactive at prices more or
lees nominal. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON— Warrants dull and nominal at
, ♦IS 00.
LAKE COPPER— DuII at $18 50.
TlN— Firmer, but not active at $32 30 bid
Lead— Quiet and steady at $4 GO bid and $4 65
asked.
i SPELTER— Firmer, with T5 45 bid and $5 50
asked.
The brokers' price for Lead Is $4 40, and for
Copper. 113 37Vi<3;lS 60.
COFFEE Options closM steady and un
changed to 5 points lower. Pales, 11,600 bags,
Including October. $4 23; Novr?mb<?r, $4 30'
March, $4 75; April. $4 80; May. $} 88: July,
$4 9004 85; AURiiPt. ?4 95. Spot Coffee— Rio
nt'-ady; mild steady.
■ SUGAR— Raw, weak and nominal. Refined,
! dull and ps*y.
BUTTER— rtscdptp, 21*4 packages; firm:
■ Western creamery, 17i0'240; June creamery, ir--^ 1
22Hc: factory, 14<?ri(Jc.
EGGS— Receipt*. 10.93S packages; strong;
Western ungraded at mark, v lßc.
Dried Fruit in New York.
! NEW YORK, Oct. 4.— California Dried Fniltn
I steady. ""':;-
EVAPORATED APPLEH-Common. 714 c;
prime wire tray, 7>,4lTS%c; choice, S%<?i»o;
lancy, 9^r>v:o.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 1201SHo; Moorpark. 14
QilSc.
PEACHES— T%@9c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. ' 4.— Weakness marked ' the
opening In wheat. There was a sharp drop
In the Livemool market. Consols were up %
of a point, while the de-lay in the expected out
break of hostilities between the British and
the Boers, which had been the main bull factor
In this market for several days, was taken to
Indicate that a peaceful settlement wan not
altogether Improbable. This resulted in a very
appreciable dlmlnuitlon of the outside demand
and also shook out considerable lon* wheat
which had been bought on prospects of war
December opened at 73%<g.73%c. a decline of %c
from yesterday's closing price. Thiß was well
into put price, and considerable buying against
those privilege?!* resulted. This and a certain
amount of buying- by scalpers constituted about
all the support the market received, and though
it was heavy enough at flrrt to cause a reac
tion in the December price to 73% c, the market
became very heavy us soon as the demand from
that source had been satisfied, and prices de
i-lir.nd slowly but steadily. There was some
pel'.ingr in this market by seaboard operators,
Inditutlnir a let-up In the foreign demand for
American wheat, and this Increased the heavi
ness. The market v.'as at Its weakest toward
the clow, more on account of lack of demand
than from selling. pressure, as shorts -were ap
parently averse to pushing their advantage in
the face of bo sudden and material a decline.
December declined to 73c and closed weak at
':■'- |i Not much was done in May. It fol
lowed December in the decline and closed Tic
to lc lower, at 76@7fi%c.
Corn was dull and rather weak and prices
ruled slightly lower. There was som« sym
pathy with wheat. December closed %c lower.
May closed Me to %c lower.
Oats were plow and weak. The advance In
ocean freight rates affected the cash business
and sympathy with other grain markets were
the factors. • December closed %c lower at 22 7
@ZSc.
Provisions were slow and heavy within nar
row limits. January pork closed 2%0 lower.
January lard 5c lower and January ribs a
shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clo*e.
Wheat No. 3—
October n% 71% 71 71%
December 73$g 73% 73 73}»
May 76V_ 76% 76 . "SVtj
Corn No. 2 —
October 30% 31% SO% . 31
December 30^ So 30 30%
May 31% 31% 31 31V»
Oats No. 2— \
December 23V* 23V4 22% 23
May 24^ 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 8 10 8 10 8.10 8 10
December 8 32". 8 3_H 830 SSO
January ..: 975 " 575 9 72V4 975
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October 5 37» 2 540 6 37% 5 37»<.
December 5 47»i 550 645 545
January (j 60 5 62% 5 57% 660
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 5 „ v._ 6 12% 5 12% 5 12%
January 5 07% 510 505 610
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 spring wheat. 67(571c; No. 2 red, 73% c;
No. 2 corn, 31U<3 > .11% c; No. 2 oats, 22%@23Kc; !
No. 2 white, X93S%c; No. 3 white. 24%#25%Cj
No. 2 rye, 57*<c: No. 2 barley. 37%«H5c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 16%; prime timothy seed, $1 753
2 35; mess pork, per barrel, $7 70©! 10; lard,
per 100 pounds, %*< 3.''5." 57%; short ribs sides
(loose), $4 9CJTS 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
$6 12H(5'6 25; Bhort clear sides (boxed), V S6(Q
5 65; whisky, distillers finished sroods, per pal
lon, $1 22; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged; granu
lated, do; standard A, do. ■
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 19,000 27,00")
Wheat, bushels 285.000 11,000
Corn, bushels 1,249.000 815,000
Oate, bushels 631.000 162,000
Rye, bushel* 28,000
Barley bushels 225.000 20,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. 16'g'22%c; dairy,
13®19c. Cheese, firm, ll»4@li%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 16% c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2*4 6 4 6 4
Closing IMS 6 3%
PARIS. ,
Wheat— * Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 19 05
Closing
Flour —
Opening '. 23 03 S 6 10
Closing
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.-The Karl Fruit Com
pany realized the following prices at auction
to-day: Grapes— Tokay, single crates, 55c®*l 30,
average 94c: double orates, n 86. Prunes—ltal
ian, single crates, 80o@$l 40. average 97c; Silver,
esc<ffsl 25. average $1 12. Ten cars sold to-day.
BOSTON. Oct. 4.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day as fol
lows: Grapes— Tokay, single crates, 85c@$l 65,
average *1 04; double crates, $1 ?5^2 30, average
$2 03. ' Prunes— single crates, 80@90c,
average R4e; Silver, 80@95c, average Sic. Three
cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— The Earl Fruit Company
auctioned California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes— Tokay, single crates, BOc®Sl 15. aver
age 88c; double crates $1 Bo@2 06, average $1 89;
Malaga. 55c@*1 26. average St>c. Peaches-El
bertns. average $1 30. Pears— Howell, boxes,
average $2 10. Prunes— Hungarian, single
crates, Jl O."<81 10, average, $1 69; Italian. 90c@
$1 05, average. 95c; Silver, $1 15. Nine cars sola
to-day. _
CHICAGO Oct. 4.— Porter Bros. Company s
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay, SOc
(fifl If, half-crate and $1 80@2 25 double crates;
Muscat? -..-,■'•,; 06 half-crates; assorted, $120$
165; Cornlchons, $1500155 half-crate.
Karl Fruit Company's Rales: Grapes— l
£oer<m 15 single crates, U 5092 05 double crates;
Malaga, 65c@$l 25. Peaches— Elbertas, U SO.
Pears— Howeli $2!" box. Prunes — Hungarian,
$1 0591 10; Italian* 90c@H 96; Silver, $1 15. Nine
ears sold.
NEW YORK. Oct. 4.— Porter Bros. Company s
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays. 66c@
fl 10 half-crate: Muscats. 65@80o; Morocco, 70c;
assorted, "oflsl 10; Cornlchons, $1 05@l 20.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 4— The American 'Wool and
Reporter will ssy to-morrow!
While the demand for wool has not ruled
quite as active during the past week as pre
viously a good-siaed business has been trans
.. • | Bonn of the dress P'>' il mills an 1 yarn
spinners works have been buying. The Ameri
can Woolen company has been less >>f a fad r
■n the market, although some of the mills in
the combine have purchased moderately. 11
could hnr.lly be expected that the pace which
charai teriaed the course of the market for the
past six weeks could be maintained lndeflnltel: ,
and it is hul led remarkable that the volume 'if
business has kept up aa well as it has. The
sales of wool In thla market since January 1
r. iw aggregate over 226,000,000 pounds. I-ost
yt-ar >>.t thtc time they amounted to less than
87,000,000 pounds. Prices are strong and con
tioue t'i tei 1 up.
The ralea of tl 1 " week in Boston n<v.
to 6.612.001 inda domestic and 285,000 p uni?
foreign, making a total of 6,897,000, npalnst h
total of *.'•<"■.'•* ' for the previous week and a
t'itßi 1,648,000 for the corresponding week
last year. Bales since January 1, !=?!), an; -u"t
to 226.5 8.101 i innls. against 86.322,010 pounds
last year at this time.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— Offerings at the wool auc
tion pales to-day numbered 11.730 bales. The
bidding was more spirited and there were fewer
withdrawals. Lower crossbreds, however, were
Irregular and were frequently withdrawn, es
pecially scoured sllpes. The offerings included
a large quantity of medium merinos, which met
with a moderate demand. Good greasy sold
readily to the Continent at full value. Cross
breds were offered In large supply and a quan
tity of medium BOld at lower rates and were
taken by the home trade. The American pur
chases to-day were small. There was Increased
competition for fine grensles, which realized
better prices. The home buyers sought eagerly
after these goods.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 4.— CATTLE— ReaIIy choice
beeves were readily disposed of to-day at
strong prices. The general run was stpady.
Good to choice beeves sold nt $3 80117; com
moner lots, $4 35(i?'5 75: stoekers and feeders.
$:i'fH 90; bulls, cows and heifers, $2STS 25; Texas
steers, %% 2><T4 30; rangers, $2 55623 15; calves,
J4 25-38 PO.
HOGS— market, was weak and about fii©
10c lower. The demand was alow, particu
larly for heavy packing lots. Heavy hogs sold
at $4 0604 70: mixed lots. ?4 35©4 75: light, $4 44
04 BE; pigs, $4 KVff-4 85; cull?, $1 Go@4 80.
SHl'Kl" 'I'll.'' supply of. sheep and lambs
greatly exceeded the demand and everything
except choice lota Bold at declining: prices.
Common grade lamb? sold at |3 7504 28, best
lots nt $:> 75«T6. Western rangers bringing $4 50
'p.". 16; common sheep, 12573. and |44M Jo for the
best natives. Westerns bringing »?.!?4 10.
lieoelpts— 16,600; hogs, 31,000; sheep,
22,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTI/ANP, Oct. 4.— Clearings. $329,114; bal
ances, wa.r-'.o.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 4.— WHEAT— WaIIa Walla,
C^Oc; Valley, 58®60c; Blufstem, 61@62V4c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. I.— WHEAT— Quiet; Club,
59Vso; Blucatem, 61Vic.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. Consols, 103% d. Silver,
26%<1. French Rentes, lOOf 67^a Wheat car
goes off coast, less uttering; cargoes on paesas;?,
nominal, unchanged; English country markets;
generally dearer.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 4.— Wheat, easy; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 29-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 4.— WHEAT— Spot No. 1
red Western winter, easy. 6s l^jd; No. 1 North
ern spring, easy, 6s. 4d. Futures— Quiet; De
cember, 6e l%d; March, 6s MVI.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, firm, 3s
BH<l, do old firm. Ss Hid. Futures— Quiet ; Octo
ber, 3s 7%d; November, 3s 7%d ; December, 3s
7%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange. Bight — 12H
' New York Exchange, telegraphic — IS
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Pins Silver, per ounce . ....... — , 67% _
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— More peaceful news from South
Africa depressed foreign quotations and Chi
cago dropped in sympathy. There were more
buyers than seller?, however, at the decline.
There were no shippers in the market, and the
bears availed themselves of their advantage to
hammer prices down. Later cables brought
■ pood bids for wheat and corn on English and
Continental account.
The local market was nominal on the »pot,
: and futures declined sharply.
! Spot Shipping, $1 07',4@l 10; milling,
! $1 lauiflii 18.
CALL POARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
SOOO ctls, $1 18%; 10,000, $1 13%; 4000. $1 14. May—
2000, $1 18%; IS, OOO, U 18%; 4000, $1 19.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls. 11 13%:
2000. Jl 13%; 10,000, $1 13%. May— lo,ooo, $1 ISTi:
14,000, $1 18%.
I Regular Mornirg Session— 3o,ooo
I ctls, }1 13*4; l!..noo, *113*f.: 000. *1 ISVi. May—
i 60(0. $1 IS%; 6000, $1 I8H; 2000, SI 19; 6000. $1 18%.
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, $1 18%.
December— ULooß, $ilV£; S0"00, $1 13%.
BARLEY— market was quieter and lower,
both on and off call.
Feed, 7Sfm%c; Brewing. 90@97»4c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session -9:18 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller, '»9— 2000 ctls, 850.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new— Booo
ctls 84% c; 2000. Re.
Afternoon Session -No sales.
OATS— market was dull and unchanged
yesterday. White, $iOs@l22Vi; Red, 11069116;
Black. 92HcffU 02li.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 05; White and
mixed, tl 02V<t@l 05 per ctl. «.
RYE— Boe96c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, »3 60#3 76,
usual terms; bakers" extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 60 per barrel for ex
tra, *3 25«f3 40 for bakers, and 13 25«T3 for su
perfine.
MIIAiSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usunl discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, }7; Cornmeal, $2 60; ex
tra Cream Cornmoal, IS 25; Oatmeal, »4 50'iM ia;
Oat Groats, 14 75; Hominy, $8 2503 60; Buck
wheat Flour. i 125: CracKed Wheat, $3.5;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $8 60; Rolled
pats (barrels), $6:.Gig6 85; In eacks, $8 35ff« 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
?5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
There was no further change In anything.
BKAN-sl6 r,0(g17 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— H7 60019 BO per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $17 50018 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $2G©27; jobbing,
127 50928; Cocoanut Cake, $20©21; Cornmeal.
$23 DO@24 60; Cracked Corn, |24#26; Mixed Feed.
$1«®16 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $7<f?S 50 for common to good
and I9ft9 2ii for choice; Wheat and Oat. $6©
! 8 50; Oat, imS: Barley, $5®7; Island Barley.
£6(36 60; Alfalfa, ?5@7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 50tfr9.
STRAW— 2S<j?3Cc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Lima Beans are higher, as the growers are
stiff holders. Pinks are weak at the decline.
The other descriptions stand about the same.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 80@l 90; small white,
$2 10©2 20; Large White, $1 80@l 90; Pinks,
$2: Reds, $3 76©4: Blackeye. 13 15®3 30; But
ters, nominal; Llmas. $4 25<a~4 3.">; Peas, $2 10®
| 2 20; Red Kidneys. $2 25(j>2 50 per Ctl.
I SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2V2®3e; Yellow
Mustard, 3%#4c; Flax, nominal; Canary,
3'/>c per Hi for California and 4c for Eastern; I
Affalfa. nominal: Rape, 2V4'g v 3c; Hemp, 4@4^c;
Timothy. 4»4^C.
DRIED PEAS— $1 50W1 65; Green, $1 75
I '.i i 90 per ctl.
I Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions ore unchanged. Vege
tables are featureless,
; POTATOES— River Reds, 60<jT70c: Early Rose,
40*f50c; Burbanks, 46®70c per ctl; Salinas Bur
banks, «"«••(} sl 10; Sweet Potatoes, *I©l 25 for
Rivers snd $1 no for Merced.
ONIONS— per ctl; Pickle Onion-. 50i£
1 75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2iS2V;C per Ib;
: String Beans, l^c; Lima Beans, l%©2c;
Cabbage, 40^50c; River Tomatoes, 10915 c; Ala
... -;.i Tomatoes, ls@2Sc; Egg Plant. 40060 c;
Gre^n Okra. KOWPSc per box: Dried Okra, 12'ic
per lb; Garlic, 2@Sc; Green Peppers, 25iJ?50c for
Chill and 40-S;soc per box for Bell: Carrots 30@
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 30@35c; Pickles, ;
$1 50 per ctl for No. 1 and 50c for No. 2: Sum
m»r Squash, 40c: Marrowfat Squash, 5607 50
per ton; Green Corn, 75c4?*l per crate for Ala
meda and 50f?75c per sack.-
Poultry and Game.
Game Is out of favor owing to the hot
weather, and prices are lower in consequence.
Besides, a good deal of it is coming in half
spoiled,
Poultry shows no change, the market being i
well supplied and quiet.
POULTRY— Lire Turkeys, 150160 for Gob
lers and 15@16c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 17®
ISc; Geese, per pair, $1 7602 1 Goslings, $i 76©S;
Ducks. $»■??"• for olil and 14 5096 for young;
| Hens, J4®s 50; Young Roosters, $4 50®3 66;
Old Roosters, $4 BOOS; Fryers, $4; Broilers,
$:; 25®3 .■•• for large. $308 28 for small: Pigeons,
! $1 25©1 68 per dozen for old- and $2@2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $150 for "Valley and for
Mountain; Mallard, I.TfrG: Sprig, J2 50©8; Teal,
$t 5002; Widgeon, $"; Small Duck. $1 60;
Poves. SCctfJl per dozen; Hare, $1 25; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small; Gray
Geese, $2 5003; English Snipe, $2 per dozen;
Jack Snipe, $1 68.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Improving tendency in Butter was check
ed yesterday by further large receipts. Prices
remained without change. Cheese was as be
fore quoted. Eggs moved up again. Stocks of
domestic Eggs are running low.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 26@37c; seconds,
24@'25c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22<i?24c; good to choice, 2i<a>
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 21H022Hc; firkin, 21021Hc;
creamery tub, 22%@23Vic per lb.
Eastern, 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild- new, llct old, 10<fJ
10'ic; Young America, Ui^U^c; Eastern, 14®
15c"
EGGK— Quoted at 21®2Gc for store anil 30@50c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 24<525c for
selected, 22V!!<a?3c fur No. 1 and 17@21c for sec
onds. \
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Grapes were strong at full figures, and
arrivals went off well. There was no change In
Table Grapes.
Strawberries came in late and had to be sac
rificed. Other fruits were as before.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, BSOtOo per box for common and T6o
,T?ti for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, {4 per chest; Straw
berries, $7«8 par chest for small and »l 25@>S
for large berries; Raspberries, $3®4 per
chest; Huckleberries, 5<9)70 per )b; Wisconsin
Cranberries, TG 60 per bbl; Cape Cud Cranber
ries, $■.
Grapes, ::.-CT4Oc for Black. 300 for Muncat,
X^:<i" for Tokay, 40060 c for Corniohon; crates
sell lOiJT-iric hleher: Wine Grapes. $21025 per ton
for ?.'nfandel and {16030 for White.
Watermelons. $o<gls per 100.
Cantaloupes, 60c@$l per craU; Nutmegs, 35
(J?6oc ncr box.
Pomegranates— p«r box.
Pears, llartlett. $1 Bo@l 78 per box; Winter
Pears, 40#7fic per box.
Figs, 30ig50c par box for double layers of
black; white are nominal.
Peaches, t"iOc@ll per box.
Plums and Prunes, 30c»31il per box and
crate.
Quinces, 40tif:0e per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons, »I®2 for com
mon and $3t?4 for Brood to choice- Mexican
Limes, $S®9; California Limes. $131 BO; Ba
nßnos. $1 50@>2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1®
2 10 uer dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Peaches continue to advance under a . quick
demand. Other fruits stand the same.,
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 5%c for
•JO-EOs, 4%c for 50-60' a, 3%c • for 60-70' s,
B>;c for 70-SO's, 3<g:3i*c for SOLO'S and
l\i/ffVtia for 90-100's; Apricots, 10@llc for
Royals, 14@15c for Moorparks and 12ig)
12% c for Blenheims: Peaches, 50« c for Stand
ards, S^<S,lc for choice and 7Vi@Bc for fancy;
peeled Poaches, ll@12c; Evaporated Apples, 6
{jSUc; Sun-dried. 4@sc per lb; Nectarines, 7^A
@Sc per 1b for red and Si@9c for white; Fears,
6®7c for quarters and 7^4@9c for halves; Black
Figs, 3c; White Figs, 6©6^c; Plums, sVi@6c for
dark and 7@7U>c for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; oholce, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson' per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, 8Vio; choice. 74c; standard, (Hie
prime, he: unbleached Sultanas. Ac; Seedless'
60-lb boxes. Do; 2-crown loose Muscatels, 6>4c';
3-crown. 6c; 4-crown, 6V4c: London Layers ■>-
crown, $160 per box; 3-crown, $l 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, IS. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnut*, B>4,c for standards and B%c
for «oftshell; Almonds, lOUfpii^c for paper
shell, B@9c for soft and 4©sc for hardshell •
Peanuts. s%S'6\c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
S%©9c: Filberts. U®llHc; Pecans, 7%@Sc;
Cocoanuta, J4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10%0 for
light amber; water white extracted, 7H©7^c;
light amber extracted, 6Hi<a)7c; dark, BV4c per
lb BBESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
The Western markets are so active that all
the packers are from a week to ten day* be
hind to their orders. This market Is In fair
shape and unchanged.
CURED MEATS-Bacon. 9c per lb for heavy,
W4OIOC for light medium. lI%C for H K ht, 13c for
« ii»ht and IStec for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar- ' ?-ed Han... W ; Cal if ornla Ham. 13c j
Ku^f jn per bbl; »xtra M^ss. $12 SO:
ilv $14 extra Prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear,
tif'v m«i Jlf.ffli BO; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
* T ARD^-Tierces quoted at 6@6Hc per lb for
com A pou^nd C 7Hc q for pure: half barrels, pure,
fc 6cgj^ShgfeS»^ Per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. U^llfcoj medium. 10% c; light. 10c; Cow
hides. 9^loc; Stags, €c; Salted Kip 9c: Calf.
10c; Dry Hides. Bound. lie: culls and brand*.
13c Dry Kir and Veal. 16c;. Dry Calf, 170
Sheepskins, yearling* 20®30c each; "?°?
Wool. 30®G0c each; medium. 70#30c;-long V, 001.
SOcOtllO each: Horse Hides, salt, $2@2 2o for
large and- SI SEOI CO for ■»■&£«* "ftjfe,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4M>£»c per lb; No.
S 4*S4Vs(>- refined ; grease, 2vr*nc.
'•wdO^Bprtng CTIP^-VHlley Oregon 17© He;
Eastern Oregon, l»©14o for choice and 9«lllVic
fO FaU lr a?p^ Joaqnln Lambs . 8®10c: do
plains. 7*4: ; Pan Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7tto9c; Northern free, 9@llc; do, defect
ive.' 7}i(frloe per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 10«iT12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7®7*ic per lb for Steers and 8%(&7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7®lOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethens, 7@7#o; Ewes, 6%57c
per lb.
LAMB— 8«SHo per lb.
PORK— Live Hojjp, 5%#W40 for email. 6%0 for
medium and oViSfa^e tor large; stock hogs ana
Feeders. 5&&6& c; dressed Hogs, 7®SV4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7Mc: Wool
Bags, 26^*Sc; Fruit Bags, 5Hc, SV2C and
6c for three grades of white and 7@7^c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant $6; Coos Bay, $5; Walleend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $9 50 In bulk and $10 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Err-, $12;
Canuel, $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. S9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in. bulk find $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In ICO-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 5 s be: Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated, 4 7 vic; Confectioners' A. 4%c; California
A, — ; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4%e: Golden
C, 4 1 ic; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, He
more; boxes, >,£c more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
5%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4,
Flour, qr sks.... Sugar, bbls 60
Wheat, ctls 1.070 Wine, gals 15,250
Barley, ctls 11,150 ' Leather, rolls 46
Oats, ctla 8,660 1 Quicksilver, flsks 150
Butter, etls .'. 146 Eggs, do« 5,250
Cheese, ctls 157 {Lime, bbln 91
Tallow, ctls 20 Pelts, bdls 99
Beans, sks 2,710 Hides, No 858
Potatoes, sks 2,191 Wools, bags 203
Onions, sks 200 Hops, bales 107
Bran, sks 361 Hay, tons 467
Middlings. sks..» 110 Flour, qr sks 1,228
Sugar, sks 2.6001
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 1,610 Bran, sks 4S>
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were quiet on the morning ses
sion and prices showed no variation worthy
of especial note.
In the afternoon Contra Costa "Water sold
down to ?G7 62VS> and recovered to $68. The
sugar stocks were generally stronger.
There was no particular change in mining
stocks. The telegram from the pump said:
"Ran No. 1 elevator alone two hours and
fifteen minutes and No. 2 elevator sixteen
hours and fifteen minutes, and both together
twenty minutes. At 6:30 this morning: the
water was 34 feet below the 1950-foot level
station. The castings have not arrived."
The Potusi delinquent sale takes place to
day.
The Dexter mine of Tuscarora, New, re
cently shipped a bar of gold valued at $21,000
and auro-cyanldes valued at ?4noo.
The first ore shipped from the Comstock
in over a year was sent to the Carson River
on October 2 from the Belcher mine. In all
thirty cars were shipped, and more may fol
low in a few days.
The Parrott Copper Company has declared
a dividend of $1 50, payable October 12.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 35 cents per share to-day.
The Ononifa Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 35 cents per share for the month
to-day.
The Marln County Water Company will pay
the usual quarterly dividend of 75 cents per
snare this month. !■'<•■£
The Gas Consumers' Association will pay
the usual monthly dividend of 15 cents per
share this month.
The Stockton Gas and Electric Company
paid a quarterly dividend of 30 cents per share
on the id.
The Butter-Street Railroad Company will
pay the usual quarterly dividend of $1 25 per
share this month.
Hales of bonds on the Bond Exchange thus
far this year amount to $4, 400, against
$8,868,700 for the lame time last year. The
sales of stocks were 621,645 shares, against
362,341.
The mining dividends for the past- month
were as follows:
April Fool $5,000
Argonaut 20,000
Bonanza < 2.000
Boston and California 36.000
Breece 10,000
Bullion-Beck and Champion 10,000
Calumet and Hecla 8,000.000
Central Lead 5,000
Champion 8,500
Deer Trail No. 2 2.500
ik>e Run 2,300
Elkton Con 87,500
Empire State 24,62$
Gold Coin 10,000
Golden Cycle .- 30,000
Grand Central 60.000
Gwln 5,000
Homestake 105,000
Isabella 22,300
Jack Pot 50.000
Lillle 11.250
Mammoth 60,000
Mead 20,000
Modoo 10,000
Montana Or* Purchasing 80.000
Morning ' Star 7,200
Mountain Copper 540,000
N. Y. and Honduras Rosarlo 16,000
Pennsylvania 10,300
Portland 60.000
Raven ..„ 10.000
Republic 31,600
Saemmento 5,000
Sllvar Klni? 60,000
Santa Rosalia 5,000
Smuggler 10,000
South Swansea 7,600
Stratton'B Independence 480,000
Swansea ' 5,000
T. F. T 35,000
War Eaglo 20,250
Yellow Aster 20,060
Total »3,&39.628
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, October 4—B p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— I Mutual El Co. 16 16
4s quar c0up..111%113 JO O L & H... 48 60
4s quar t0r.... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 65>i —
43 quar new... — ISIH Pac L. Co 41 41%
3s quar c0up.. 108% — S F G & E... 64«4 63
Miscellaneous— pan Fran 3% 3*6
Cal-st Cab 55. 116% — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C "Wat 65..105V»109% Insurance—
Kdl,ft P 65. 150 — jFlrem's Fund.22s —
F & Cl Ry 63.114 — j Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 96 An«:lo-Cal 85 —
H C & S 5%5.10fi — Bank of Ca1.. .373 400
L A.Ry r.5....N8%— Cal SI) A T.. — 98
LAL Co 65.. 09 — First Xationl.. — 245
D gntd 65.. 93 — I.on V & A... .123% —
Do gntd Ss.. — — Mer Exchange — 16
1. A & P R 55. 103 — NOT Sat 8k..184 —
Market-st 65..128M>129 Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 68.11£% — !Ger S & L...1650 —
NCN G R 75. 112 •*■ Hum S & L..1050 1160
N Rof Cal 65. 114 — Mut Say 8k... — 42%
!NR of Cal 65. 112% — S F Say U....500 615
■NPC R R 88.106 108 Say & L 50... — 52 ,4
NPC R R r.5.106^ — Pec Say 8k... — 310
! N Cal R R r.j=.lll — Union T Co. 1400 1440
OGLi& Hss — 111% Street Railroads-
Oak Trans Cs.lll 112 California 120 —
Om C Ry 65.. — — Geary 50 —
P & Cl Ry 6s. 106 — i Market -st «4 64%
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 — Oak SL, & H. — 50
Powell-st R6S.IIS — Presidio 20 —
Sac El G&R5s. — — Powder—
IRF &N P 113% — California ....150 165
'PR & S JVSP.II4WIS F. Dynamite ..88 —
:SRy of Cal f.s.lt)S4 — Giant Con Co. 77H 78V4
I S P of A 65.... - 113% Vißorlt 2% 2%
|PC 65(1912).117% — , Sugar—
I S P C 65 (1906). — — i liana P C 0.... 14 14%
|S P C 65(M2).117% — Haw C&S Co M 97
I SPCIs eg 55. 102% — Honokaa S Co 34* i 35W
I P P Br 6s 122U122«i|Hutch S P Co 30% —
■ P V Wat 65... 114 115- Kilauea S Co.. — 30
BY W 4s(3dm)101V 101«i Ma^awell SC. — 49%
SV W 4s(3dm)lol«i — Onomea S Co. — 40
Stktn Gas .104 104% Paauhau S Co 34% 37
Water Stocks— j Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 6S& 69% Al Pack Assn.ll7HUS
AUCTION SALES *
£, GRAND Jfe
AUCTION SALE
Of the Choicest of Well Trained
Trotters and Roadsters
Standard bred, sired by Charles Derby, 2:30;
Steinway, 2:25%; Guy Wllkes, 2:15H: Junlo,
2:22; El Benton, 2:23, etc., from the
OAKWOOD PARK STOCK FARM,
• JOHN F. BO YD ESQ.. Proprietor.
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY October 5. 1899
At 11:30 a. m., at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard Street. Near Third.
Horses at salesyard. Send for catalogues. A
rare opportunity to get stylish teams.
WILLIAM G. LAYNO,
Livestock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL PRIVATE SALE!
Philippine curiosities for sale at the Me-
chanics' Pavilion. Apply at Philippine Village
during the Fair.
Marln County. 60 — ' Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring: Valley. — 100% Oceanic 8 Co.. 88 SS4
Gas and Electric— Puc A F A.... 1% —
Central Gas Co — — ! Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent L. & P... 6 — Par Paint Co. 5% —
Equit G L Co. 6 SU,
Morning Session.
Board— '
10 Contra Costa Water 89 2*
5 Giant Powder Con 78 CO
100 Honokaa 34 75
100 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 30 25
$2000 Lob Angeles & Pacific 103 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 36 75
100 Paauhau 8 P Co 36 62<4
$3000 8 F & S J V 114 75
GO Spring Valley Water 100 50
. 25 Spring Valley Water 100 25
Street—
$3000 Los Angeles Pacific 103 50
$3000 S F & 8 J V 114 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Contra Costa Water 89 35
10 Contra Costa Water 69 00
25 Contra Costa Water 67 50
10 Contra Costa Water.. , 67 62H
5 Contra Costa Water..: 68 00
150 Equitable Gas 6 00
20 Giant Powder Con 78 CO
20 Hana Plantation Co 13 87&
4." Hana Plantation Co 14 00
20 Hana Plantation Co 14 12>4
5 Hutchlneon S P Co 30 25
10 Market-street Railway 64 00
15 Paauhau S P Co 36 75
15 Paauhau 8 P Co 36 62H
$2000 S P Branch Railway 6s 122 50
55 Spring Valley Water 100 25
5 Spring Valley Water 100 50
2 Spring Valley Water 100 75
$5000 3] ring Valwy 6s 114 50
$6000 Spring- Valley 4s (third mtge) 101 50
$500 United States 3s 107 75
100 Vigorit Powder 2 50
Street—
1 S F Savings Union ~ 505 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Cjsta Water 68 874
in Contra Costa Water 6S 75
250 Equitable Gaß ..., 6 374
30 Giant Powder 78 00
10 Hutehinson S P Co 29 87>4
25 Makawell Sugar Co 49 12Mi
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 50
10 Spring Valley Water 101 00
100 Vigorit Powder 2 621*
Street—
20 Alaska Packers' Association 117 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 69 12^
10 Contra Costa Water 69 00
SO Giant Powder 77 75
50 Equitable Gas 5 62Mi
50 Equitable Gas 6 00
30 Hutehinson S P Co 30 374
"5 Oneamea Sugar Co 39 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 62",
10 Spring Valley Water 100 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 3M 100 Ophir 1 00
100 Caledonia 72! 400 Overman 20
100 Con Cal &.Va..l 1 1000 Potosi .'.2
50 Gould & Curry. 3G!  ..„ . j
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 11 300 Overman 22
200 Ch-.lar 39 1000 Potosi 52
100 Chollar 40 600 Syndicate 06
100 Crown Point... IS 100 Union Con 33
100 Ophlr 100
Following were the pales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
B0 Best & Belcher 38 1 200 Ophir 100
200 Caledonia 65! 200 Overman 20
300 Chollar 37 1 100 Potosi 52
lOOCon Cal & Va.l 42% 200 Potosi r.i
100 Con Cal *: Va..l 48 2."0 Sierra Nevada. «7
900 Gould & Curry. 36, 50 Sierra Nevada. 66
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 11 i 200 Overman 23
--200 Gould & Curry. 36 500 Potosi 52
200 Justice 08 600 Syndicate 06
200 Kentuck 04. 300 Silver Hill 03
200 Ophir 1 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, October 4— l p.m.
Bid. Ask I Btd.Ask
Alpha 04 05 Justice 07 OS
Aha 04 v." Kentuck 08 05
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash 01 02
Delcher 22 24 Mexican 35 36
l»<?pt & Belcher 38 39 : Occidental 21 24
Bullion 04 05 OphJr 100 105
Caledonia 73 74 Overman 21 23
Chollar 39 40 Potoel 61 52
Challenge Con.. 29 32 Savage 24 25
Confidence 70 75 i Scorpion 02
Ton Col * Va..l 40 145 See Belcher.... — 05
Con Imperial... — ! 02 Sierra Nevada. 67 C 8
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 02 03
Crown Point... 17 IS Standard 3003 35
E Sierra Nev.. 02 — Syndicate 05 —
Eureka. C0n.... — 50 1 st Louis 07 —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 37 39
fiould & Curry. 36 37 Utah 12 14
Hale & N0r.... 2S 29 Yellow Jacket. 27 23
Julia — OS
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco ' Cal "
October 4, 1899. ' "
The time bail on the towar of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian or at j
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C Q. CALKINS.
; 'eutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Lnlted States Coast and. Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and L.",->w s*
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The htsh and low waters occur nt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the Fan?e at both places
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 8.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
h«n/ a^' mo ™ ln »1« are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as, to time. The
fhS 3«v of. 5° n . Blves the Becond tide °'
nnH th-' i» thlr i t me colun >n th» third tide
ra^tideof'hr^^ hand ColUmn gives the
hr.» h!, bp ay - except wnen ther « are but
three tides, aa sometimes occur. The hei«rht3
InltPd States Coast t0 the B charts except
a W nn" n t £ lUS Bi l n ( -> P^edes the he^h
fh» * Fk T "umber given Is subtracted frora
reference I B the mean of the lower low water. A
Continued on Page 10.IT COST CLEMENT SOME MONEY,
BUT HE GOT THE HONOLULU BOAT
— -LAY CLEMENT, actor, who dis
ks with '. '
Li the
: ;
• ■"
•■
■ • ■ "Old Dom
■
hokl
•he Co-
jr w n belli this time;
■ ! ■
it with a sunny
r• t •
rani
PROMOTERS OF VICE
SENTENCED TO JAIL
JUDGMENT DELIVERED IN THE
HOTEL NYMPHIA CASES.
Six Months the Penalty Without the
Option of a Fine, and an Appeal
Is Promptly Taken.
Sentence was pronounced yesterday by
Judge Graham on the directors of the
Twinkling Star Improvement. Company—
L. P. E. Frey. .-' P. Blumenberg, Emil
Kerlein and Valentine Kerleln— for letting
houses for immoral purposes in the Hotel
Nymphla;
When the cases were called Attorney
Dunr.e for the defendants moved for ar
rest of judgment and a new trial on stat
utory grounds, but the Judge promptly
denied tho motion.
In passing sentence the Judge said:
"The institution known as the Hotel
Nymphia is a disgTace to the city and
county, and twelve intelligent jurors who
tried tho case have so decided. In the
circumstances I consider it my duty to
Impose the full penalty the law allow?,
and the Judgment of the court is that
each defendant be sentenced to six
months in th<> County Jail, without the
option of a fine." I
Attorney Dunne at once gave notice of
appeal; and the Judge fixed the bonds In
JlOoO t-ach. They came prepared with their
bonds, and after they had been Inspected
by Attorney John J. P.arrett, the special
prosecutor, who pronounced himself satis
lif-d with them. tho Judge areepted them.
Blumenberg and Kn:ii K.fkin were on
Frey's bonds. The form* r Qualified on
614 Pine street and the tatter on 41<J Du
pont street. The two K^rleir.s qualified
■ n Blumenberg's bonds, Valentine on 907
and 909 Lombard street. Blumenberg and
Emil Kerleln qualified for Valentine and
Blumenberg and Valentine K<-rl.-in for
Emii, each on the properties mentioned.
Placing Wire 3 Underground.
The downtown business district will
coon present a peculiar appearance. Aot-
Jr.g under a recent city ordinance, the gas
and electric light people are taking down
the overhead wires and removing the
poles on which the wires were strung.
On Sansome street the workmen are par
ticularly active, in this occupation, and
that of placing the wires In the under
ground conduits. Quite a number of wires
.and poles have been removed from
Sacramento and Clay streets and a few
from Miss street.
Underground district No. 1 Includes that
part of the city from th" water front to
Montgomery street and south of Market
to Mission and Xew Montgomery. It is
believed that the work now In hand will
be compl?te In a few weeks, when the
improvement Will be extended to the
No More
Oil Stock
For 50 Cents
per Share.
ThiF !« the last <Jay on which our
stock will be sold at 00 rents per
share. This, however, will not be the
Met opportunity you will have to buy
but hereafter you will pay more per
share— no mere, though, than iv
AtTfAI. VALUE. W« claim a land
value in excess of our capitalization
and, what is more, we prove it I' in-
tended we shall be pleased to receive
a call from you up to 9 o'clock to-
night, after which hour no mere sto*-k
can be obtained at 5© CENTS per
share. y
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open to-night from 1 to 9 o'clock.
ad a creditor.
Or. th' warrant Clement's euphmil
' to the mi >re
It further appears
■ : ted with th<
• i Malley, to take chai
his rhii'l by a llrst marriage, at $15
: .
- a d >thing
r.i had not made paym< nt
::at there was ?24" Btacki
•.'.. but notwithst .
■• • : | New York City
s child takt-:i out of < >Mu.
ley's possession. O* Malley
and upon learning that Clement was
'■•■moon for Hono
lulu telegraphed an order for his nr
• ; *-nd!ng the payment of his ac
■
»• r districts recommended by the Mer-
Ass lat ■
MERCANTILE TO HAVE
A NEW LIBRARIAN
NORWOODS RESIGNATION IS
EXPECTED.
It Is expected at I ng of the
trustees ot the Mercant ■ this
11 a?k
t his posit
that Assistant Librarian William!"
Mechanics' Institute will x -
- ■
.::iea the post of
■ . • ■ - Nor
:.• to sei - lady's
In • with the
of the library. I
tion may fill any library position, ai
- . d the trusteeship to rule
: the library.
At the- time of Now (
cpected that he ■■
permanently devote nimself to library
I for some tirrv the tn
expecting bis i- - - I have
been giving attention ■ ng of a
worthy successor. In Williams they have
probably found the right man. and it is
understood that his appointment this
ng will be made without a dissenting
vote.
ASSUMES CHARGE OF
ST. DOMINIC'S CHOIR
Robert Lloyd, the well-known musician
of this city, has accepted the position of
director of the choir at St. Dominic's I
Church. He succeeds Rhys Thomas, who
goes East to become a member of an
opera company. Mr. Lloyd assumed
charge last Sunday, the choir under his
direction producing the new mass of
Lejr-al. Mr. Lloyd is a conductor of rec- ;
ognized merit and a barytone whose rank
in the musical world Is high. The congre
gation of St. Dominic's is felicitating it
self upon having been able to secure the
services of Mr. Lloyd.
TREASURY EXH AUSTED.
No Money to Pay School Teachers
Until December.
Auditor "Wells had a busy day yester
day. In the morning lie held a lengthy
conference With the entire Board of
Health and George Knight, Its attorney,
which resulted In his serving formal no
tice on that body that he would audit
no liar}' claims not drawn directly upon
its own fund; in the afternoon he had the
teachers to explain to. Although he au
dited the September salary claims of the
pedagogues, the Treasurer announced yes
torday that the city was broke, and that
i there would be no more payments made
I until the tax collections began to come
in. That means that It will be along in
the latter part of November or the first
of December before the school teachers
will get a cent, no matter how hard they
have worked. There Is no danger of their
losing anything; it is simply a case of
wait, and Treasurer Truman says every
one Will have to make the best of Jt.
Want Cremation Laws.
Nearly ail of the prominent physicians
of the, city have signed a petition which
was yesterday filed with the Board of Su
pervisors, asking that body to enact such
laws a* will prevent the Crimea of mur
der and malpractice being concealed by
: the cremation of the bodies of victims
The petition points out that under pres
ent regulations the concealment of any
such crimes is a matter of comparative
ease. The petition is indorsed by the
members of the Board of Health, and a
number of its signers will appear at the
next meeting: of the Supervisors to urge
the necessity of some such enactment as
they suggest.
Incorrigible Boys.
Five br.ya who were arrested early y**
terday morning by Sergeant Campbell and
Policemen AV ratten and Panning
sleeping under a vacant house on Green
street, near the Presidio, appeared before
Judge Mogmn yesterday. They had run
away from their homes and had been liv
ing with the soldiers. Their parent.^
were incorrigible. Their names were
and Frank Navarrate, Chris Lar
sen. Frank <'amtgl!a and Tony (Jamba.
Their ages raiiKecf from 13 to lit. Gamba
Was K»ven another chance, but the others
.^ent to the Boys' and Girls' Aid So
ciety.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
v Sheriff Ernrst Brandt - I
■ rrant and bad to drag bis man
•mbound Sacramento
train to do it. He took him
the Broadway Jail, where he was
Bueh time &a J. J. Raver
pear and guarantee his
■ ■ .--k in advance .■ t a dollar per.
Insisted he would
Ira ag&inst him, but the
that week's board and the
llty of missing the Honolulu
too many for him and he
: to accompany Rau>.-r
and the deputy t<> Justice Cook's court,
where after assurances of dlstln
-1 consideration and one thing
mother of that sort he gave up
five an 1 was turned
to catch his boat.
PERJURY CHARGED TO
A SAN JOSE ATTORNEY
TAXPAYERS' COMMITTEE AFTER
BERT R, HERRINGTON".
He Is Accused of Fals?ly Swearing to
His Qualification as a Bonds
man for Ruby Raymond.
D. IT. Bryant, a iTK-mhpr of the Tax-
Jose, appl
■ Lham yesterday for a warrant
•' Bert R. Herrlngton, ex-
District Attoi E unty,
re of perjury and after the
Facts he asked I
g Attorney Wentworth to meet
Bryant in the afternoon and consult with
him as to 1 i dvlsablllty of issuing the
warrant.
Bryant bases the charge on the fact that
Herrington. who was one of the sureties
on the bonds for $10,000 accepted by Judge
Treadwell August IS for the release of '
the notorious Ruby Raymond of San Jose, I
who is now awaiting her trial in the Su
perior Court, perjured himself In swearing
to the values of the properties on which
he qualified. They consisted of a half in
terest in 712 acres and an absolute interest;
In ISO acres of land near Paso Roblea
Monterey County. The value of the land
was given at $14,000. each parcel be
ing unineumbered. Bryant declares that
the 712 acres are assessed for $3600 and are
mortgaged to the extent of $1500. while the
180 acres- are assessed for $1000 and are
mortgaged to the extent of $400. He pro
duced an affldavlt from J. B. Bennett,
Assessor of Monterey County, to that ef
fect.
Bryant also alleged that Harrington was
Indebted to John Down of San Jose to
the extent of $500; to Mrs. Erkson. for
board, $177; to Murson & Wright, for ad
vertising, $23. and that his library was
mortgaged for $250 to Herman Ulrlch.
The Taxpayers' Committee, most of
whom belong to the Good Government
League, had sent a letter to District At
torney Murphy asking him to proceed
against Harrington, but had not received
a reply. The letter was signed by Joseph
Taylor, J. K. Lewis. J. p. Jarman, J h
Jones. Mitchell Phillips, C. F. Freitaet
and F. H. Babb. be
OLYMPIA ENTERTAINS.
Insurance Night -at the Club Proves a
Complete Success.
Insurance night at the Olympic Club
| last evening was an unqualified success.
| As an Initial and novel venture it won
! the support of the members and the en
j thusiastic applause of the guests.
The gymnasium was the scene of the
entertainment, and there was not a va
cant seat when the programme of the
evening was begun. Three sparring bouts
i made up the first* part of the entertain
ment. 8. Simpson and C. Mil ward
heavy-weights, mixed things in good prize
ring fashion. After they had gone the
limit P. J. Racconl and J. F. McCarthy
welters, donned the mitts and won the
commendation of the spectators by their
clever fistic performance. The middle
weight?. P. Ast and J. McDonald were
scratched from the programme on ac
, count of the non-appearance of A.«t W
J. Leonard and AY*. Cole completed the
pugilistic end of ,the evening's show
With the boxing completed gymnastics
I occupied the time and attention of the
performers. A perch act by Flsta and
a young Filipino was the next act. and
it was well received. "Wrestling by Harry
Cobb. J. J. Phillips, Arthur Brurhan and
; W. IT. King was next in order, and the
spectators had an opportunity to judge
I of Kelsons and all the other holds known
to the art. Then followed a very clever
Filipino performance on the rings by Au
gustine. Fencing by Professor Tronchet
E. Ortier. Paul Berre and G. Fisher, and
a ladder act by Flsta, the Filipino, com
pleted the performance.
This was the first club night under the
new regime, and it was voted a complete
success In every particular.
Benefit of St. John's Church.
The young ladles of the Immaculate Con
ception Sodality of St. John's parish, for
merly old St. Mary's College, are actively
engaged In preparing for an entertainment
and dance to be held Thursday evening,
October 13. In Mission Turn Verein Hall.
Elghti.er.th street, near Valencia. The pro
ceeda are to be devoted to the seminary
fund and no efforts are being spared to
make the affair a pucce«s.
The performance of the amateur mu
sician is often a music rack.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
METHODISTS TO
FIGHT SEATING
OF A MORMON
Many Delegatesin An
nual Conference.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 4.
■■The Pacific annual Conference of the
"Met ho Ist Church South opened this
morning. There was a large attendance
of delegates, the following being present
when Bishop W. W. Duncan called the
conference to order:
C. E. Clark, Potter Valley; H. W. Curran,
Milton; J. Emery, Chico; W. A. Flnley, Made
ra; G. H. Frazer, Snelling; L. A. Green, Chico;
J. Hannon, Alameda; L. D. Harris, Ukiah; J.
Hedgpeth. I'inuba; Jaxes Healey, Salinas; J.
D. P. Houck Hornltas; J. C. Hyden, Winters;
J J N. Kenny, Modesto; A. F. Lee, Uklah:
W. A. Lindsay, Booneville: E. H. McWhorter,
Elmira: W. J. Matron, Tuba City; H. M. Mc-
Knight. San Francisco; H. >'. Meredith, Stock
ton; K. .1 Ne»dham. Wheatland; H. Neate.
Marlposa; A. Odom, Linden; XV. P. Andrews,
Oakland: K. F. Allen, Petaluma; William
Acton, Lakeport; G. W. Archtr, gutter City;
j A Batehelcr, Santa Rosa; D. Bauer, San
Lucas; R. F. Beasley. Dos Palo?; I. P. Bens,
Holiister; P. N. Blankenshlr, Gait; W. A.
Booher. Mountain View; J. Bule, Lincoln; C.
C Black Cloverdale; F. M. Staton, Academy;
L! C. Smith, Arbuckle; W. D. Taylor. Willows;
\\- E. Vaughan, Sacramento; A. F. W.
Walter? Bonora; R. P. Wilson, 1170 Market
street, San Francisco; S. K. Wilson, Sulphur
Creek- Guy McHenry, Tuba City; P. F. Page.
Healdsburg; J. C. Pendergajt, HolliEter; W. E.
Phillip' I^e Banos; J. M. Pratt. Princeton; J.
M Parker, Anderson; A. L. Paul. Isleton; J.
W Hay visalla; S. T. Reeve, Orland; I* •'.
Renfro, 'Red Bluff; C. B. Riddlck. San Fran
cisco; J. F. Roberts. Sanger; P. T. Ramsey.
Selnia; R. A. Sawrte, La Grande; J. C. Sim
■nors, Modesto; J. E. Squires, San Jose; C. O.
Steele, Woodland.
More than the usual number of lay del
egates were present, the following an
swering- to the roll:
San Joaquin district— Rev. L. Calitz, H.
Hunsaker. J. J. McMasters.
Colusa district— S. V. North, A. Palmer,
D. R. Wilson, B. Campbell.
After a short prayer the conference ad
journed, after which L. C. Renfro, who
was re-elected secretary, read the ap
pointment of the following committees:
Public worship— C. B. Rlddick, W. P. An
drew?, James .Sutherland.
Memoirs— J. C. Simmons.
Epworth League— W. Acton, G. H. Frazier,
F A Abshire. J. J. McMasters, E. H. llc
"VVhor'ter. Dr. F. Parker.
Bible cause— R. Sawyer, H. C. Meridith,
D. R. Wilson, H. llun?aker, J. C. Hyden, J.
Sabbath and temperance— W. T. Coffin, W. A.
Whlttnore, W. F. Clarke, H. Adams, G. W.
Archer, G. V. Motley.
Taxation of church property— P. Wilson,
J. C. Simmons, L. C. Renfro.
District record— C. O. Steel, W. E. Phillips,
I. F. Belts.
Conference relations — J. .T. Needham, A. A.
Thorn. F. M. Station, E. H. Mc^'hortor. W. P.
Andrews.
Slate of work— P. Banner. J. E. Squire?, P.
T. Ramsey, W. A. Finslay, J. M. Pratt, .1.
M. Tarker.
Book* and periodicals— E. Vauphan. R.
F. All«n. J. C. Simmons. J. W. Potter. J.
Swltherland, G. V. I -hey.
Board ■■( mlwlon— E. Vaughan. F. M.
Station. James Sutherland.
Education— H. C Meredith, J. A. Batchelor,
C. M. Davenport.
Church extenolon— W. Acton, J. A. Batche
lor, L. A. Green.
The reading of the reports showed that
the conference has made some progress
during the year. The publishing house
showed a total buslne."*? of $350,415 and has '
at present a capital of 5902.455.
When the actual business was opened
the question of making: a formal protest
to Congress against the seating of Con
gressman-elect Roberts of Utah was
brought up. Thf-re was a unanimous sen
timent that the conference should go on
record in this matter, and Revs* Emery.
Hannon and Squires were appointed a
committee to formulate the protest.
BAPTISTS HEAR MANY
ENCOURAGING REPORTS
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— The Central Bap
tint A imed its Bflßßlon at
•; •• Church to-day. William
.1 service, after
w). , !. Rev. .1. <I. Gibson read his report
on the Publication Society, showing that
tist is a successful busi
nd la doing much to fur
ther the general Interest* of the denomi
nation in Central California.
Thp address on systematic beneficence !
by Pr. J:\v- - Bui deftand outlined very
clearly the great benefits that a church |
can derive by knowing just hnw much
I • H can depend on from !
i;s various member*, and how church
work is seriously hampered by having
to trust to chance In this important mat- ;
ter.
Revs. C. M. Hill and J. M. Helsley made
short addresses, advocating increased
earnestness In church work. Rev. C. H.
Hobart made a very interesting report
on the work of Chinese missions, and
Rev. J. L. Allen 'was able to say many
encouraging thing." regarding the state of
religion In the churches.
This afternoon Rev. E. R. Bennett
opened the business of the session, and
Dr. A. a. Whitney reported much prog- j
ress in the Sunday schools. Home mis- j
sions were treated by Dr. Bennett, j
who was followed by Rev. Robert Whit- !
taker with a report on State missions. '
The Woman's Baptist Home Missionary
Society held their exercises this afternoon :
and were addressed by Miss Lena Haeg
strom. Mrs. J. G. Bush. Miss Ida Ball,
Mrs. L.. A. Johnson and Mrs. J. M. Hels
ley.
This evening Professor "Wallace con- i
ducted a devotional service which was
followed by a doctrinal sermon by Rev
Dr. E. A. Wood.
DAWSON CITY GOLD
EXPEDITION WRECKED
ALAMEDA, Oct. 4.— Two gold-hunting
expeditions ln which Alameda people cen
tered a great deal of interest and in which
considerable Alameda capital was invest
ed have come to naught.
When thn first expedition, that of the
F.\ Bueno purty. started out the hopes of
the owners and financial backers of the
affair mn high, and the vessel had not
fairly got started on Its course before the
Dawpon City expedition was instituted
and the construction of a steam dredger
began for the purpose of dredging in the
Yukon for the yellow metal.
The Brat named expedition proved an
unprofitable venture and a number of the
members returned home. Others made
their way to the new discoveries and are
still ln the gold regions. A few weeks ago
word was received here that the El Sueno,
the crack yacht of the En<Mnal Yacht i
Club and which co-u $."500. had grounded j
on a sanubar in the river and was sold by i
one of the members of the party for less I
than $100. The boat was afterward got :
off the reef without injury and put to use I
on the river.
The members of the Dawson City expe
dition seem to have fared no better than
their fellow-townsmen on the El Sueno. i
After a voyage of numerous mishaps the i
vessel finally reached the Yukon, but !
owing to numerous difficulties encountered I
the venture proved a failure. Numerous
reasons were assigned for the failure of j
the expedition. Some attributed it to the !
way in which the board of directors han- I
died the expedition and others laid the
Mama to the lack of experience of the j
men who had accompanied the steamer to j
the Yukon. Joseph A. Leonard «.f this 1
City, who was formerly manager of the
expedition, spent a week aboard the
steamer in the month of July of this year.
He was unable to do anything, as there
was not sufficient of the crew left to
h:nidle the machinery. In a letter to a '
friend in this city Frank Woodrum. a !
member of the Dawson City expedition, j
now at Rampart City, says as follows:
The Dawson City expedition has been
shamefully wrecked by the action of
the board of directors ln Ban Fran
cisco, when. I think, if it had teen i
properly managed, It would have paid
handsome dividends. I do not know
what motive the board had for taking
the management out of Leonard's
hands, so I think, to be charitable, we
should attribute it to no motive at all,
but to gross ignorance.
The following Alamedans were share
holders In the El Sueno and Daw=on City
expeditions: E. K. Taylor. Joseph A.
Leonard, Michael Kane. Frank and John
Woodrum, Victor Mockie, George Leon
ard, Charles Kane. Paul and Etlmond
Buckley. A great deal of money was
spent in fitting '>ut the expeditions, and
thus far nothing but "Irish dividends"
have been declared.
FROM ALTAR
TO GRAVE
OAKLAND, Oct. 4.— ln the same
j( )! parlor where little more than a
\L^ year ago all was joyful over the
wedding of Miss Mabel Flthlan
Hyde to John Rule her funeral cere
monies were conducted this afternoon
in the presence of many who had at
tended the former event. The death of
Mrs. Rule occurred suddenly at Bii*
bee,, Ariz., after a few days' illness.
Her husband recently completed a
beautiful home at Blsbee and he and
his wife had not been there many
weeks when Mrs. Rule was attacked
with the sickness that so soon ended
fatally.
The deceased was the stepdaughter
of Mrs. Philip Boograr, and for some
time after the marriage she resided at
the Boogar residence in this city. Her
husband brought the remains back to
Oakland for interment. The services
were conducted by Rev. Mr. Fraser of
the East Oakland Presbyterian
Church. The remains were borne to
the grave by members of Tecumseh
Tribe. Order of Red Men, and many
members of the order and friends sent
beautiful floral offerings.
FREIGHT AND PASSENGER
TRAINS CRASH TOGETHER
Both Engines Are Wrecked, but
No One Is Badly-
Injured.
BTOCKTOX. Oct. 4.— An accident oc
curred on the Sierra Railway last night
in the material yard. A freight train com
ing up the line from Oakdule. the western
terminus, met a passenger train entering
the yard from Sonora and the two came
together with such force as to disable
both the locomotives. No one was badly
hurt.
FIFTY YEARS WEDDED.
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Dodge Receive
Congratulations From Friends.
PAX RAFAEL, Oct. 4.— Mr. and Mr?.
I>. C. Dodge, who have journeyed through
life t- gather for a half century, celebrated
their g-olden wedding: this afternoon at the
; residence of thMr sw>n, ex-County Sur
r George M. Dodge. The reception
Ml d from 2 to 6 o'clock in the afternoon
and va? participated in by a large number
of friend? from ull points in the State.
Mr. Dodge is now in his seventy-eighth
year and was united to his wife, whoee
maiden name was L-ucia Moore, in Bur
lington. Vt., in 1849. Their son George,
the only fruit of this union, has been
identified with the progress of Maria
County, both in a public and private ca
pacity, for many years. Among thorn
present to extend gratings to the old
folks were: Rev. Horatio Stebbint= and
wife Colonel G. W. Hinds and v,;fr-. p. W.
Van Blcklen and wife, John F. Merrill and
wiff John Sroufe and wife, W. B. Har
rington and wife. D. D. Shattuck and
John W. Ruggk-s and wife and 1* H.
Sweeney.
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
Many Interesting Papers Bead at.
Santa Cruz.
BANTA CRUZ, Oct. 4.— The morning
pession of the County Teachers' Institute
at the high school building was devoted
to section work.
In the primary section Miss Ruby Ord-
Way of the Gault School led the section
in nature study and Miss Josle Colehower
of WatsonviUe in language.
In the intermediate Pi-ction arithmetic
Was t.ikon Up by Miss St>lla Flnkildey
and reading and spelling by Miss Emma
Kerr.
In th<"- grammar portion A. M. Ellis of
the Santa Cruz High School spoke on
"History" and Miss tiertrude Burkett of
Felton nn "Ornmmar."
The afternoon *p?sion was held in the
ConflrregationaJ rliurch. Professor C. M.
Gayley of the State T'nlversity spoke on
"Oral and Written Expression" and F. B.
Dressier of the same Institution on "The
Voice in Spiritual Education."
PEPPER THE WINNER.
California Pugilist Gains the Decision
Over Frank Scott.
BENTON HARBOR. Mich., Oct. 4.—
There were two events on the boxing car
nival here to-night. Harry Pepper of Cal
ifornia got the decision over Frank Scott
of Chicago in a six-round go. George
Kerwin was decided by Referee Hogan to
have had the better of his six-round bout
with Jim Sullivan of Chicago.
Grangers in Session.
NAPA, Oct. 4.— Forty additional dele
■ - arrived at the State Grange this
morning. The credential committee made
Its report this morning. A. C. Sweitzrr
of Sonoma County was appointed on the
I reßfl committee. New business was re
iefred to appropriate committees.
The afternoon was devoted to sightsee
ing, excursions being made to places of
interest In Napa and vicinity.
Miss Prushaw's Body Found.
PASADENA, Oct. 4.— The body of M!rp
Daisy Frushaw was found In one of the
rooms of her partially burned home this
morning. The girl had evidently been
too much excited to leave the house and
stayed in the room until she was suffo
cated. She could easily have left the
room in which she was found by stepping
out of the window to the porch.
William Keithly Dead.
WOODLAND. Oct. 4.— William Edwin
Keithly. a prominent young business man
of Davisvllle. died at that place at an
early hour this morning:.
Poisoned by Berries.
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. 4.— Charles
Orth. 14 years old, died this morning from
eating belladonna, or "Nightshade" ber
ries. These berries are very common in
this county and re&emble the currant in
form.
vn\/// \vi//y A Lame Back
■\\ \l(/, \>A t. »//. ii Lidlllu Ddvn.
sgg^jfJvjzMJ/f / / i^^\^\ Wlth P&!n In the re s ion
l^Bß^^^^r >^7j7S^^t^^^ speedily relieved and
|r^^ss-*r f | \ >x> L / / I / \\ '^jHf^faj cured with a Beit like the
WilQr*&~*. '\\i/^ one ch o'- v n in this adver-
ff||t| Jfl^ 'fWJJj ' W tisemen , i - It conveys the
&3!SBr^'^fi^JjrWH^Jif**^^^ body right to the spot and
fSJ^^ does the work "like llght-
'jnxfe> nlng." With a good Belt
*N7* V£^" *' ou will have no use for
•^"l/- drugs or quack doctors.
"^a^, »5/^~" al * or Een( * 2c in stamps
"^vs!^>^» for "Booklet No. 2." Ad-
'^JyV dress:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
6&O Market Street, Oppoeito Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
PRISONERS NOT
TO BE WORKED
ON THE STREETS
Chain Gangs Are Too
Expensive.
Oakland Office San Francipco Call.
906 Broadway. Oct. 4.
; Chief of Police Hodgklns does not agree
with Councilman Girard regarding the
; working of prisoners on the streets.
, A few w«eks ago Councilman Girard
I wanted the Council to authorize the
I Board of Police and Fire Commissioners
!to order prisoners to work making new
j streets. The matter was referred to the
j Chief of Police and this morning he filed
; the following report with the board:
I have examined the books of the depart- '
ment for the months of April. May, June. July. i
August and September, 189?, in "order to find j
| out how many prisoners could be worked on
the streets. and I find the number varies very
much. I Bod the average number for April,
Ma; and June would have been about twenty,
while the number for July, August and Sep
tember would have been but eleven. That is
not figuring on the number of men who would
not be able to work on account of sickness.
In my judgment the most important reasons
why the resolution providing for the working
oj prisoner? upon the roadways of the city
shculd not pass are that about two-thirds of
the prisoner* confined in the City Prison are
servlr.g sentences for drunkenness, which are
generally three days. and. therefore, the men '
sent out to work would be chunged every day,
with very few exceptions, and a man the next
clay after a debauch is not in a fit condition
to work; so, out of each three days' sentence
on one man. but two days' work would be
done, and those who do work would not do on-- I
thlrd as much work as an ordinary man work
ing for wages.
All who work will have to be given three
meals a day. which will increase the cost of
feeding prisoners one-third, besides the extra '
ccal used for cooking. Most of them would ,
have to be furnished overalls, Jumpers and i
j shoes to work In, which would increase the |
amount paid for clothing materially. The
patrol wagon would have to take them to work
In the morning, return them to ; the City j
Prison for dinner, then take them to their I
work, and at night return them to th? City '
: Prison, making four trips a day, which would J
ccrsume some time, find should there be a call I
for the wagon they would have to wait until
Its return, thereby seriously affecting the effi
; ciency of the patrol service. It would require
i the services of two police officers to take j
charge of them while at work, thereby mak
ing the department two men short.
Since IS9I all vagrants convicted in our Po
lice Court are sent to the County Jail to serve I
out their sentence. Prior to that time, and ;
when prisoners were being worked on our j
streets, vagrants were confined In th» City
Prison and helped materially to swell the num
ber of available men to work on the streets.
With prisoners working on the street!" |
j escapes must be expected, unless they work
with a ball and chain, and that is somesthlhg
I hardly expect any one to suggest.
The working of prisoners has been tried
three or four times by the city and proved an
expensive failure, and it would, in my opinion,
add greatly to the expense of the police de
partment without material gain to the city.
S. C. HODGKINS, Chief of Police.
After the reading of the report the
; Mayor Introduced a resolution stating
i that as the Chief of Police found it would
1 not be profitable to work prisoners the
! Board concurs in this opinion. This ends ;
' the matter.
A "CYCLONE"
REVIVALIST
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— The Union
Methodist revival opened to
night, and the First Church was
crowded. Enthusiasm has been
aroused in the seven Methodist
churches in this city similar to that
which attended the great Mills revival
some years ago.
"The cyclone evangelist," J. H.
Weber, was In charge of the revival
and some of his unusual methods
greatly surprised his Oakland audi
ence. . In introducing him Rev. Dr.
Dille said that the visitor was very
much in earnest, and that if he did
anything that seemed strange no one
need feel afraid, for he had proved
that to turn out a finished article
every workman must use his own
mean?.
Evangelist Weber gave an interest
ing little skitch of his life, showing
that the forty-four years be baa lived
have not been very different from
those of many other people. In his
young days he quit drinking because
he f oared the reform?. tory. It was
v.hile listening to a Baptist preacher
that he decided to leave the Roman
Catholic faith and join a Methodist
church. From a local preacher he
graduated into the ministry after
passing four years at a university in
Ohio. Twn years later he traveled
through Europe and tho Holy Land
to fit himself for the work of an evan
gelist. He has held revivals at near
ly every large city In the country.
Evangelist Weber will hold services
every evening this week except Satur
day in Dr. DiUt'l church.
BERKELEY'S FOOTBALL
CAPTAIN INJURED
BERKELEY. Oct. 4.-Jim Whipple.
Berkeley's football captain, was hurt
while practicing on the gridiron this
afternoon, and as a consequence may
have to be laid off for two or three wwk?.
Whipple's Injury consists of a badly
wrenched shoulder, one of the ligaments
being torn off. The accident happened
while the team was all heaped up in a
scrimmage- It Is thought that Whipple
tackled a man with the ball and the rest
of the players piled themselves up on top
of him. As the heap became disentangled
it was found that Whipple'? right
shoulder Had been injured. While the
accident is not very serious It Is doubtful
whether th«? U. C. men will see their
captain bnck on the gridiron for some
weeks to come.
New Freight Feny Service.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4.— Hugh Dimond of
Frultvale acquirprl pnp=esslnn of the
steamer Mount Ed^n. and will run a ferry
service between this city and San Fran
cisco. This morning he and his associates
formally notified the Board of Works of
their business, and were awarded a berth
at the city wharf.
Doctor Gets a Quarter
OAKLAND. Oct. •».— Judge Greene to
day granted Pr. J. C. Anthony judgment
against Mrs. Mathilda Me^tz for $330 on
account of services rendered the late The
odor Meets. The doctor sued for $12S0.
Mrs. Hohmann Sent to Napa.
OAKLAND. Oct. 4. -Mrs. AOgUSta Hoh
mar.n was committed to Agnews this
morning by Judge Ogdoa. Two werks
ago she developed a mania for purchasing
goods all ovfr town on the credit of her
husband, ar.d then making present? of
such purchapt-s to her friends. Last
Saturday evening she spent I
paddling around Lake Merritt in a
bicycle bom. After an examination by
Dra. My.;. Kr..'X and 11. B. Mehrmarin.
the commitment was made.
Wedded at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Oct. 4.— A very pretty
home we<V . - >]emnized In t:
this morning when William H. 'William
son and Mi?p Grace E. de Lamater w. re
made husband and wife. Thr home of the
bride's mother was moat artistically dec
; orated by friends of iho bride, and amid
i a weaith of floral bloom th.- young people
stood while the im;>r< ssive marring
vice was read by Rev. J. B. Orr, paetor
i of the Congregational church.
Fell From an Engine.
AUBT'RX. Oct. 4.— Conductor W. C.
Rodgers on freipi.t . slipped and fell
from the engin-- thla morning. The
wheels passed over his left arm nmr the
shoulder, completely severing it fr>m the
body. The unfortunate man
to the Railroad Hospital. His recovery
is doubtful.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J|||| GARTERS
SIGK'HEADAGHE
> Positively cared by these
) tittle Pills.
' They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. J -
Small Pill. Small Dose*
_ . Small Price*'
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i^ Steamers leave Broadway
n™V»,. wharf. San Francisco.
■B^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a-rn.,
I BSJfggjftjfcfc Oct. 3. S. 13, IS. 23, 25; Nov.
I jssrMty»j?s -• Chans? at Seattle.
jMJHvI For Victoria, Vancouver
Cyan* (B. C.).. Port Townsi'n.3. Se-
' P^sSttj^ff-Slt attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
" cortes and New Whatcom,
"""• (Wash.). 10 a. m., Oct. 3. S,
12, IS 23, 23; Nov. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company- s steamers for Alaska an.J
i G N RyV; at Tacoma to K. P. R>.. at \an-
For r E^ka P (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. n,.. Oct '
6 11 16 21. 26, Si; Nov. 5 and every flfth
a Y« he s£t£ r 'Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (Pan Luis Obispo),
Gaviota Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
Ban P«iror East San Pedro (Los Angeles), and
Newport 6 a. m., Oct. 3, i. 11. 1». I?. — • -•■ si,
NovT? and every fourth day thereafter
* For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (Ban Luis OblFpo). Santa Barbara. Fort
% S & S tZ and bS> «Los Anple.). 11 a.
m Oct S &. S 17. 21. 25. »; Nov. 2. and every
f il?A%r^Tl\i^^ Bay, San Jo,, del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m. .th of each
m For further Information obtain »'»'<*«.
The company reserve? the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
"tICKET^OFf'iCE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). "]
St G QOnALL. PKRKrN sefe CO.^Cen^A fej
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
, " DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO **
PORTLAND
From Prenr-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE «'2 First Class Including Berth
I Hilt S8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA rails...^Oct?. 15, 23
rnL,X-MBIA sail? Oct. '- -0. *
•r Line to Walla Valla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all point? East.
ln B EC. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO^,^^, ,
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PAST!
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Louis Oct. 11' St. Louis Nov. 1
Pt Paul Oct. 1?! St. Paul Nov. «
New York Oct. 251 New York Nov. 15
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
: From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark Oct. 11! >•■ in 1 Nov. 1
■SVesternland ...Oct. 1* FrieMand Nov. 8
Kensington ....Oct. 16 Southwark Nov. Jo
EMPIRE LINE.
i Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For full information regarding freight and
palace apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS V.'ILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan >«treets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting ~at Hongkong with ateamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
\MERI<"\-MARr Saturday. October 14
HONGKON'G-MARU. .Wednesday. November l
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. November 25
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
121 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
PMfMt^ Thursday, October 5,
via Honolulu and
iriMIIV Auckland for Sydney
1 Thursday, October 5,
7L I * ~*\ *t 9 P m.
SfMnKninJ & TheS. S. Australia
QIiuJIIDIIII/^ galls for Honolulu
/RIHPiTinLU Wednesday, October
VyiliPUlteT IS, at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India. Suss,
England, etc.: MlO first class.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Arts.. I! 4 Morrtgotneq
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMFAGNIS GENERA LE TRASS ATLaHTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Balling every Saturday at 10 a. m. <2LJ£&ii
from Pier 42, North River, foot of —- —
Morton st. LA NORMAN DIE. Oct. 7; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE. Oct.
21; LA BRETAGNE. Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE,
Nov. 4. First-class to Havre. $60 and up-
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FT*-
GAZI & CO.. Paclne Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
~for¥s. navy-yard and yallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Turn.. Wed., Thura. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:13, 8:80 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10: SO a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 600
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL
BUSTNESS OFFICE of The Ban Frandteo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in Ihe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
309 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fi39 McAllister street; open until 9:EO o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1341 Mission etrcet; open until 10 o'clock.
2:61 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
Until 9 o'clock. • •
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 6' clock.
3CP6 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky vtreets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA No. 1. F. and A. ■
M.. V.-U1 meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J^U
EVENING, Oct. .'. at 7:30 o'clock.
Stated meeting and Third Degree. By /~ r »
■ arder of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
Sta' N Chaster No. 79, R. A. M.— «^_
Stai THIS ( THURSDAY) J\^
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- T%^\
■ sonic' Temple. 2CC3 Mission st. Bust- '^/
ness and M. M. Degree. By order of the H.
. p. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
BOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodse No. «
2)2 F. and A. M.— Stated meeting _«%_
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, atltjT
7:30 o'clock. E. C. HARE. Sec. 'V '
DORIC Lodg-e No. 216, F. and A. M.— __
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _*%_
EVENING, at 7:60 o'clock. By order I&_K
of the W. M. '"'
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. ,^^^>
O. O. F.— lnitiation to-night; ■_&_SSf<Sj=:
three candidates. Initiatory work " "^^S=^
by Yorba Buena Decree Team. ~"^
Refreshments and r.uislc. A hot time In the
old lodge TO-NIGHT. All brothers ordered
to be present. This means yon.
[AS. WILSON, N. G.
W. H. BROTT, Rec. Sec.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F. <£&>%&.
—Initiation FRIDAY EVENING, -"^jgaKS-
Oct. 6, 8:30* drill 7 o'clock. Visit- -4?-r>~£^
Ing brothers cordially invited. '" N •
D. A. HODGHEAD, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodpe No. 155. I. O. O. s_^__^
P., will Initiate THIS EVEN- 4I22_S!S_:
ING, Oct. 5, 1899. Visitors cordl- -2=??S!r^?=.- r
oily invited. m *
F. L. TURPIN, Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Rec. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodg-8 No. 204, -<_^i_v :
1.. O. O. -Officers and mem- ■ : §2_ls£»X_r !
bers: You are hereby notified to -3=3?sBr*^r
assemble nt your lodseroom on ' '""
FRIDAY, Oct. 6, at 1:30 d. m.. for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, GEORGE GROSSMAN.
E. F. FASSMAN. N. Q.
DR. MATHKWS of Belfast and James Camp-
bell of Glasgow, Scotland preach every night
th'.s week (except Saturday) at 7:45 o'ciock
in Gospel Hall. 3038 Sixteenth St., near Va-
lencia. .
STOCKHOLDER!' MEETING— Notice Is here-
by Riven that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Bank of California
will be held at the banking house in this
city, on TUESDAY, Octobir 10, 1899, at 11
o'clock a. m.
ALT.TK M. CLAY, secretary.
Ban Fran( September 2.'.. I W.
ACCOUNTANTS.
eTIcrBALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations >_ firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor^ Chron-
icle bldg-.; no advance charßes; all cases; es-
tatee mortgages, damages, collections, bank-
ruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
call or write.
LAW and Loan Co. (Inc.)— Capital $100,000;
prosecute or defend lawsuits in all courts on,
cor.tlnpent fees; employ aWe counsel; loan
money on any kind of security. Advice free,
by mail or at office, 214 Pine st.. room 64.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty,, private:
no fee without success; collections. ' G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD S3! Market Kt., opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fee*.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker
bid?.: tel. Blaok 71: prac*!c"»« In all courts.
L. 6. CLARK, Emm l SpreckeUi building. 92"
Market: oor.Eultafon free; no fees In advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE, ■ orneys at law, Emma
Epreckels building. 987 Market St.
ADVICE free: no chnrpe unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. SIT Market ft., opp. Mason.
• BATH CABINETS—
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
Ilk" a screen; ono panel opening as a door;
call and see It: descriptive booklet free. W.
P. P.ROWX, penc-rnl .-iL-'nt. 426 F.lli' st.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
•THOP H. T5. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AM) KOO-IS.
A NEW private faipily hotel; first class in de-
tail; under Eastern management; new and
artist! decorations and furnishing through-
out; rooms may be selected after October 1.
The old i?teven?on mansion (opposite Grace
Church), with annex, 807 California Bt.
EDDY. 724, near Van Ness aye.— Two gentle-
men wanted to occupy handsome front parlor,
with board; rates reasonable.
ELLIS, COT— Well-furnished front rooms, with,
good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
MARKET, IS2O (Las Palmas)— of 2 or 3
rrr.p private; bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cookln?: special rates to gents.
POWELL, 309 (The Wald/rf)— Furnished suites j
and Flncrle. TTith or with board. I
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
. _, -,.-.-„„_ I
WIDOWER with little girl desires board and j
lodging In private family, where little girl
will receive good car»; terms must be reasoa-
ab?e. Address box 463. Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
-WANTED — Baby to cars for; gentle care; j
healthy place; reasonable terms. Address
MRS.' CLAP.A, Berkeley. Ca.l.
CHILDREN'S home; mother's care; $3 month-
ly. Address H.. Fru!t_o_eP_O ;
BOOKS — MOW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book C-i., 704 M-Plon st. near Third.
IJOOTS A>*D SHOES.
CHLDS. shoes, 60c; yths. loco enow, 85o; lad.
ties "Gc; lad. shoes, $1; men's working sho«s,
$1 25: men's dreFs shoes, $1 35; mall orders so-
licited. People's Shoe Store. 1303 Stockton.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar. dining-
room, etc; established for many year* with
large patronage; in very best part of this city;
close to Market and Kearny; this first-class
paying property must be 60ld at once; books
open for Inspection; price $5000. Particulars
11. G. WILKE. SQ6 Market st.
. A— SIEOO; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing a rushing cash store and bar business;
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. K.
G. WILKE, 906 Market at.
A— HOME bakery and notion store, with
' 3 living rooms; rent $20; on Buchanan st.
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market »t-
A— SSoO; BAKERY in live country town, 70
miles from city; a first-class paying business;
call soon; a rare opportunity. It. G. WILKB,
• 1K)« Market at.
A— s3so: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
et. ; rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE,
906 Market St.
A— S3SO— CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $13; daily receipts $18; best loca-
tion in Mission. H. G. WILKE, 906 Market
A— IBOO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent $35; dally receipts $26;
meals not less than 2ic; bargain. R. G.
WI LKE. 606 Market St. ■
A— s6so: LAUNDRY route; clears $100 a month;
good horse and wagon. KREDO _ CO., 22V4
Geary et. •. - ■ <
A s3so; ROAD house, near flourishing town;
cheap rent; good business. KREDO CO.,
•IV.'i Geary at
$280; BRANCH bakery and notions; $5 to $10
daily; nice rooms. KREDO _ CO., 22ft
Geary Bt.
RESTAURANT on Market ft.; bargain thle
day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
A— J3OOO— RESTAURANT: north Market: best
in city; bargain. COWING & CO., 996 Market
$200— CORNER branch bakery In the Mission;
4 living- rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old estab. M. LESS, 765 Market
$100 SALOON; to-day only; downtown among
factories; bargain. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
WANTED— for complete Invention; great
Chance to make big money. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$1800— French bakery; fine bus.; 4 horses, 3 wag-
ons. 11 f urn. rms.; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$500— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; other
business cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
777% Market st.
'A— $800; RESTAURANT; receipts $35 to $75 per
day; will goat 160; everything complete; good
J<**t^n. ___2 SSsM_lLi_lli ! _____; j
BUSINESS CHAJTCBB-- Conttmiea.
A— GRAND opportunity for an active mani
small capital required; bustness clearing- $125
per month. 917 Market Bt., room 2.
ALFA CO., 935 Market St., will exchange or
sell your property or business quickly.
$350— Branch bakery; good location; large stock; |
receipts $10 to $12; living rms. Jones, 565 Mkt. |
BARBER Grand opportunity; shop fur-
nished completely; good trade; cheap lor
cash; sickness. Box 445, Call office.
WANTED— Partner with $600 to buy interest In
lv-s=t-_avjng business In the world to-day. Ap-
ply L. _'.. 644 Ninth St., at once.
FOR SALE— grocery and bar: Poet and
Devlsadero st.; for one week.
A PAYING fruit etore for sale- inveetlg&to. it
Seventh si., city.
PRIVATE boarding house; 20 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1345, Call.
DRESSMAKING place cheap; corner; cheap
rent; good reason for gelling. 1064 Folsom st.
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light
basement for saloon and billiard hall; rant
very low. Inquire WM. HENDRICKSON _
CO., 014 Call building.
PRACTICAL chemist has several pate_table
devices; moneyed partner wanted. Address
box 435. Call office.
AT COST— Stock and fixtures of tin «_d crock-
ery store. 1872 Union street.
LIQUOR store, old established corner; West-
ern Addition, Box 425. Call office.
CIGAR store, well stocked, cheap. 1342 Mar-
ket st. ___
LAW & LOAN CO., Capital $100,000; will
Invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net Interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 Pine St.. room 64.
DRUGSTORE; prloe $3500; best location In
Oakland; on principal business street; to be
sold on account of departure at inventory
price; see this bargain before It Is gone. J.
S. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oakland.
TAILOR shop; complete: 8 years' standing; 4
living rooms and kitchen; completely fur-
nished; stock of new and second-hand cloth-
lag; owner going back to old oounury. 1633
Devlsadero St., near Sutler^
FOR sale— ln thriving town of San Mateo,
candy, Icecream and soda and creamery busi-
ness;" delivery wagon and horse; sold on ao-
count departure. Address V. S. HOWARD,
San Mateo. Cal.
FOR sale or exchange for a small ranch near
country town— good paying saloon, with
six living rooms upstairs: long lease; ter-
minus of car line. Box £318, Call office.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; well Btooked;
old established business. Apply at premises
southwest corner of Turk and Pierce gts.
FOR eale— Bakery; 3 living rooms partly
furnished ; fine place for small restaurant;
rent $10. 1614 Pacific st.
FOR sale— A good paying saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: long lease; terminus of
car line. Box 2313. Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE,
743 Mission st.
TOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR tale— paying Inside route on this
pap er. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR — One Columbus trap, with shafts, one
or two seats; in excellent condition! also one
bay gelding horse; weight 950 pounds; sult-
eble for buggy; good traveler. Bound, kind,
gentle and In perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 320 Sansomi
Et., room 15.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton; 1 buggy,
good as new; made here. SHAW, 1521 Market.
ALL kinds of wagons, bustles, caru>. harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Fnlsom St.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
l eating Works, 853 317 T«ham_ st. ; tel: S 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 88-40 Sth St.; tel. South 260.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister st. : phone South 146.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson Et. ; tel. South 223; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Be.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3o per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 128.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compound! and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Sp°a.r at.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) >; Ihll I ALIS.M.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant, oard
reader; satisfaction guaranteed; fees 250 and
60c; hours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. <Sl2ra Eddy st_;
entrance private.
SEND 500 to Bishop Garrison, 944 Van Ness,
and get book explaining "spiritualistic foaU' 1
practiced by Earl. Evans, Miller and others.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Market St.. bet 10th
and 11th— Sittings dally; circles Monday even-
ing and Thursday, 2 p. m.
I MRS. ROBINSON, 1423 Market St., bet. 10th
and 11th— Sittings daily; circles Tuesday
I evening and Friday, 2 p. m.
i MRS. C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister St.; strictly
test meeting; questions answered; 2 and 8
p. m. ; 10c; readings. j
TEST circle to-night: Mr. George Arnold, R. A. !
Stltt and others; test- to all, 10a. Parlors 1
and 2, 143 Sixth Bt.
JOHN SLATER— Sittings dally, 10 to 4. «09
| Stockton St., near Greenwlsh.
| MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth cr no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. MOREAU, the beEt medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader]
past, present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth st., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed}
25c; reading by mail, $1. 5 Seventh st.
J. SERA, the beat fortune teller, has lov»
charms and tells lucky days. 263 Third st.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212V4 Sixth et.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium, i
life reader, medical clairvoyant 232 Stockton. i
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar- j
ket, bet. 7tli and Bth; fee 25c up; satisfaction. j
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus- j
l.amVa picture. 2. >c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st. I
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath; large yard;
flowers. 742 Capp St., near Twenty-third.
FOR sale — 2 cottages, to be removed. R.
DOYLE. 2806 Howard Bt.
$B—B NICE sunny rooms, basement, yard. ESS
Ivy aye., bet. Octavla and Laguna sts.
COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement: key at 711 Treat aye.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; nc^chargTun^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinliand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the guruH; the best and most artistic
cental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
linings from $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
; badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 CO up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, *on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full Bet, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rin. 7, Flood bldx., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our speoialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundava 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, 13; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electrlc-
. ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators;- no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, ' near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Ino., 8 graduate opera-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
DENTISTS.
METER— Zahnarrt, 8 Turk; let-class
work; prices reas.: gas ; crown & bridge work.
DR. N BAR DUE, r. 211 Examiner Bldg.S
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— LadIes to learn to cut. design and
make their gowns; satisfaction guaranteed:
pupils can make their gowns while learning;
send for circular. MR. LIVINGSTON, 630
Sutter Et.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. SOE Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
" EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
FranciFOo; practical courses in bookkeeping,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil, electrical and min-
ing engineering, etc.; new 80-page catalogua
tree.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. $50; catalogue. -
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi. and even.;
eet. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 833 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 8040 Sixteenth st.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 954
Adeline 6t.. Oakland.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad. ; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 630 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours II to 8.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, 8. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpsic; lessons 750. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 805 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; term« low. 1024 Mlß»lon.nr.6th.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
r.ese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Blaok 132 L
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Gear 7 st. ; tel. Grant Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALES.
COMPETENT French second girl desires a sit-
uation; also a flret'Claes ohambermald with
good references. Apply to MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter St. •
FIRST-CLASS German cook with rood refer-
ences desires a situation; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 823 Sutter st.
GOVERNESS wishes position; refined German
young lady; 10 years' experience In teaching;
thorough musician, piano and vocal; also
German and English branches- country} will
travel; reference. Box 438. Cull.
YOUNG woman wants position to assist with
light housework with 2 or 3 In family; perma-
ent home more object than big wages ; refer-
ences; no postals. 731 Laurel aye., oft Bu-
chanan ft.
REFINED young Christian lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper for widower's family.
Address Housekeeper, 811 Van Ness are.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework; plain cook.
115 Wlldey st, oft Flllmore. near Bush.
EXPERIENCED nursery maid, graduate of
kindergarten training school, desires posi-
tion; excellent seamstress. Box 2823. Call.
YOUNG girl Just left school wishes a situation j
to take care of child; will Bleep home. Coll
1305 Greenwich, st. (
YOUNG lady stenographer, typewriter, Smith I
Premier operator, give services for experience.
C, IS4I Mission st.
WANTED— A situation by a young girl assist
in housework or care of children. 843 Frank-
Un Ft., Oakland.
EXPERIENCED girl desires a position in up-
Etalrs and help with grown children; wages
?1S to $20. Call 221 Hlokory aye.
YOUNG girl wants situation general house-
work; small family: 6 years last place. 101:2 |
Larkin Bt.
A GERMAN girl wishes general housework. »11
Howard st.
A- WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing or house-cleaning. Call 14, Eleventh Et,
LADY'S maid by an experienced and thor-
oughly capable woman in all Its duties; first-
class seamstress; willing to do light chamber
work in a first-class house only; first-class
reference; speaks French. Call or address
all week, 136 Tenth Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman, first-class
cook; excellent baker and good housekeeper, j
wishes a situation; city or country; refined, \
permanent home more object than wages.
Apply or address for 2 days. 770 Harrison st.
HOME wanted with a refined family where
gocd Judgment In home management is de-
sired by a woman of kind disposition and
love for quiet, domestic life; reliable refer-
ences. Address box 426. Call office.
GOOD washer and lroner wants work In ex-
change for one or two partly furnished rooms.
: Call at Falk'B grocery, 234 Van Ness aye.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do second
work; wages $15. 65 Rausch et.. between
Seventh and Eighth.
GERMAN woman wishes Fituat'.on, with 3-
year-old boy, to cook on a ranch or dairy. |
Address 323 Grant aye., Ahlborn House. -
GOOD girl wants positloiL to do second work
or general housework. Call l£os Folsom st.,
10 to 5.
YOUNG French lady wishes situation as cham- j
bermaid in hotel or governess In American ,
family; speaks French and a little English.
Box 473. Call office.
COMPETENT German woman wishes posi-
tion as chambermaid or will do general
housework: sleep home. Address 132 Clara
pt. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WOMAN would attend sick person and do
. light housework during day; good plain cook
and washer. Apply 5 Auburn st., off Jack- |
son, near Taylor; sleep home. >
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper all !
around; French, English and Hungarian j
style; all pastry; city or country hotel; ref- |
erences. Apply 242 Natoma Bt. j
BY a competent stenographer and typewriter,
! with knowledge of bookkeeping; $20 per !
month; has own typewriter. Box 1419, Call.
A LADY with a child wants to get a place to j
work In a small family with small wages and ;
a good home; would go to Oakland. Call at i
179 Fourth st., city; no trlflers.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- :
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $8 !
week; convenient and respectable; free bus :
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation in private place; can milk; handy
with tools; temperate habits; good references.
Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
YOUNG man desires position as shipping, stock
, or order clerk; flrst-clase references fur-
nished. Address box 440, Call.
MAN and wife desire positions: man as first-
class gardener and wife as first-class, cook;
good wages expected. Address box 442, Call.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
In grocery or wholesale house. Coll or ad-
dress 150514 Franklin st.
WANTED— Position by graduate In pharmacy;
registered In this State. Box 489. Call office.
GERMAN man. and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436
Call office.
WANTED— Position as foreman In shop or on
building by thorough woodworker and
' draughtsman. Address box 456, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale
house; permanent position preferred to large
salary. Address box 427, Call office.
WANTED— Position by competent and experi-
enced engineer; best references. Address box
429, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as collector: can
furnish security. Address box 428, Call.
I WANT a position to do a little work as school
boy in family. 526 O'Farrell st.
GOOD all-round printer desires situation; city
or country. Address box 421, Call office.
WANTED— Position as draughtsman In archi-
tect's office or factory; had experience In
most large cities in the United States. Box
450. Call office.
WANTED— by young man at window and
house cleaning by the day, or other work.
HENRY ANDERSON, 852 i Bush st; tele-
phone East 963. ■ .. ' .
COACHMAN, thoroughly competent; flrst-class
_ city and San Mateo references; neat appear-
ance and stylish driver and ijden Box 432,
>_£§!»:___», ~ :. .- - — - - -A
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
THOROUGHLY experienced bookkeeper is
open for a good position; ask to see refer-
ences. Address box 470, Call office.
BARBER, three years' experience, would like
position. Box 471, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and general merchandise sales-
man; ten years' experience; object to buy In-
terest in business if satisfactory. Box 2335,
Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has 'men established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market st. San Francisco: exam, free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined.
SOc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1812 Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms used three months;
very reasonable. At 1731 Mission at '
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; high-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN, 1125
Mission st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-ha_nd furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets/furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Bllverstein.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— upper flat
of 4 rooms; newly cleaned; rent $10; water
and cellar free.' •:•,.•.
1 CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern
, sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
'■ FINE lower flat of 7 room* and large bath-
: room; new house fine finish; 2 patent closets;
large porch; yard; also conorete basement;
cement floor; rent $20. 132 Second aye., bet
California and Lake Eta.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 "large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 2645 Sacramento St., cor. Spruce.
FOURTEENTH, Flat of five large Eunnjr
room and bath; off of New Market.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath.
1611H Folsom st •
NOE, 695, NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free. ..-. '. ;-
SEVEN rooms and i kitchens; modern: sunny
bay-windows; for 2 families. 417& Third Et
THIRTEENTH, Flat, 8 sunny .•onnui
bath; hot and old water; basement; yard.
VALENCIA. 1533— Lady will rent part of sun-
ny furnished flat to adults; references.
WANTED— At once, nice flats, cottages and
houses; will guarantee good tenants. A, M.
SPECK & CO., «67 Market st.
$20—6 LOVELY sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
219 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call,' 16 page*, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage palJ.
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capee. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
8 waitresses and one chambermaid for same
flret-class oountry hotel, $20 and fare; i wait-
resses, first-class country hotel, 8 chairs to
wait on only, $25 each; 2 waitresses, same ho-
tel, Nevada, free fare, $20; waitress, Sonoma
Co.. $20, free faro; waitress, Napa Co., $20:
waitress for Woodland, see boss here, $20 and
fare; 2 chambermaids and wait, country ho-
tel, south, $20 and fare; 6 ironers, city and
country, $10 week; 3 restaurant waitresses,
arm work, city, $7 a week, flrst-olasi placa;
waitresses, city hotels, $20 and $15.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Governess, country, $25; colored" houseglrl, $15;
working housekeeper for 2 persons and child,
must be reliable and fair cook, city: nurse
and sew, $10, $12, $15; nurse, Institution, $20:
20 good Scandinavian and German girls for
housework, city and country. %-0 and $25; I
ranch cook, $25. C. R. HANSEN Si CO., 104
Geary fit
WANTED— English nursery governess for one
child 2 years _cli, $25; cook for country board-
ing-house, J35; cook on farm, $C 0; second girl
and laundress, $25; French and German sec-
ond girls, ?25; 6 German and Scandinavian
cooks. $30 an! $35; 6 waitresses for city and
country hotels and restaurants, .$2O, $30, and
17 a week: German and Irish rluraes, $20; a
large number of girls for housework in city
and country too numerous to advertise, wages
$20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
816 Setter st .
2 WAITRESSES, Nevada, $20, free fare; wait-
ress, springs, steady, $20; 8 waitresses, city
and country, $20; chambermaid to wait, $20;
nurse, Institution, $20 and found. Hotel Ga-
zette Employment Bureau. 26 Montgomery Et
MRS. M. E. DAY. Manager.
EXPERIENCED forelady for white goods
factory; permanent BAUER BROS & CO..
I .21 Bansome Et.
i MIDDLE-AGED woman to take charge of In-
fant 1 month old. Apply 1625 Oak st in after-
noon; bring references. __^
GIRL for general housework In small family;
must be good plain cook; wages $17. Call 3024
Clay st
A GERMAN girl for cooking and general
housework. Apply at bakery, 1598 Fulton st, ■
cor. of Lyon.
j GIRL for general housework. 1811 Waller st,
near Masonic aye.
OPERATORS on silk waists. Apply 650 Va-
lencia st.
YOUNG girl, light housekeeping; no washing.
1913 Geary st ; 3 In family.
GIRL wanted to wash and iron and help with
children. 1562 Post st, near Laguna.
WANTED— Dressmaker as partner. 1628 Devis-
j adero st
I GIRL for housework; good wages to the right
person. 19168 Powell st
WANTED German girl to assist with house-
work and children. 661 Geary st.
STARCH Ironers wanted at St Nicholas Laun-
dry. Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
A YOUNG girl; light housework; 2 In family
and baby 20 months old. 1451 Buchanan st. !
WANTED— girl to wait at tables; expe-
rience not necessary; $4. 680 Fourth st
I WANTED— young girl to do general house-
work: need not cook. Call at IS3I Eddy st
j PANTS .finishers wanted; steady work. SG4V4
Howard st, room 3.
! COMPETENT woman would like a child to
take care of. Apply 582 Jessie st.
I GIRL or middle-aged lady to take care of chil-
; dren. 680 Turk Bt.
; GIRL or woman to assist In housework; good
home; wages. $8 60. 531 Page st.
i WANTED— A young girl to mind baby. 129
Olive aye., near Van Ness aye.
| GIRL for general housework and cooking. 1316
Ellis st.
WANTED— A waitress at 607 Clay st. _•
GIRLS GIRLS! GIRLS t
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 82H Fremont st.
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
. operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. -
WANTED girl for cooking and house-
work: no windows to clean; wages $25. Call
2007 Devlsadero St., forenoon or after 6 p. m.
COMPETENT Scandinavian girl that under-
stands ' cooking and housework. 817 Lar-
kin st. • \ . .
YOUNG girl; light housekeeping; good home.
Call 621 Haight St., after 9 a. m.
GERMAN girl; housework and cooking-; $16.
Apply 9 to 12, 414 Van Ness aye.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 222
Kearny at. .
COLORED woman In lodging-house; sleep
home. 86% Geary st.
WANTED— GirI or woman to assist with light
housework and help care for two children;
wages $10. 308 lowa St., Potrero. .
EA3TKRN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
perienced pianist of ability join her high-class
concerts through California, continuing East-
ern and Northern States. Box 307,Ca11. Oakld.
WANTED— Irish girl to do house-
work and plain cooking; no work afternoons;
none but one who understands ' cooking need
apply; wages $15. Call at 1121 Steiner st.
YOUNG girl wanted. 563 Valencia st.
IRONER wanted In factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market St.. room 85.
GIRL. 12 to 14; good home. 1616 California st.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit- at
376 San Jose aye. - .
McDOWELL . Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
L .i___._^.. v
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
WANTED TO-DAY AT 7 A. M.,
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington. Hawaii-
an Islands. Arizona, British Columbia, all
parts of California.
59 farm hands $36, $30, $26, $20 and found
12 milkers $30 and $25 and found
15 hay baleru $3 50 day
16 harvest hands $2 50 to $1 60 day and fd.
25 chore men, boys for farms, factories, learn
trades, manufacturing companies, etc., $30,
$26, $2a, $20, $15, $10 and found
20 men to pull beans, fare $1....580 and found
Cheese makers, butter makers Machinists
2 men handy with tools $1 75 day
12 boys for a city manufacturing company to
learn trades, $8 50 to $6 week
STABLEMEN EDGERMAN
27 Btablemen, city and country. $50, $45, $40,
$30, $25 and found •
Edgrorman, fare paid, see boss here $65
12 plow teamsters, fare $1 50... 530 and found
26 section R. R. hands $35 and found
DRILLERS, TALLYMEN
26 single and double hand $2 75 day
Corner men, bench hands, muckers, etc
Slate splitters, blockmakers, cabinetmakers;
8 tallymen to grade good lumber, $73; 25 la-
borers for a barrel factory HI 5 ° ay
6 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
....BLACKSMITHS, PATTERN MAKERS....
9 blacksmiths $60, $tt, $30 and found
pattern maker for a mine $3 60 day
2 grill iron workers $3 day
wheelwrights, wood turner $3 day
22 teamsters, fare 55c $2 25 day
643 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
186 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3. $2 75. $2 50, $2 day. Come see
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
i ANYBODY CAN DO THIS
6 waiters for railroad camps $25 and found
2 waiters for mines $30 and found
2 butchers for restaurants •
$11 week and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
_ CARPENTERS, sawmill oompany.. ..s3 day
9 carpenters, S hours, free fare $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY, ETC
IS cooks, 1 camp cook •••• — •
.$65, $60, $65, $40, $80 and found
U waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator boys .-
-7 laundrymen and pantrymen, $30 and found;
coatmaker; broilers, second, third and fourth:
cooks 2 first. 4 second; third hands and 3
boys 'to learn baking trades, $40, $35, $2o
$20 $15 and found; 5 cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $56, $50, $40 and found.
ABOVE places are for hotels, restaurants, pri-
vate families, saloons, mines, boarding-
houses, institution-, ranches, railroad camps;
come and ccc us. WuRRAY - READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES. MINES ~ MINES
FIREMAN iS>2 .°l
2 men to run underground cars ?8U
15 laborers, fare $150 (no experience) $*>0
35 laborers, fare $3 SO, silver mine.. $37 found
26 laborers, fare $2 30 $62 and found
16 laborers, northern mine $63
63 laborers (no experience), $67 per month,
V.'lth board and lodgings
14 miners $2 25, $2 60, $2 75 day
GREAT CROWDS.. MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st.
NOT CONTRACTORS'
BUT COMPANY WORK
28 laborers, Inside work (no experience re-
quired), $2 to $2 76 day, fare 750, steady Job;
25 laborers, manufacturing company, fare 60c,
$60. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
WE SHIP YOU FREE ■■■•
TO EVERY RAILROAD
In California but one; drillers, hammersmen,
laborers, etone masons, teamsters, etc.; wages
from $3 50 day; board and lodgings $4 00 week-
ly; (we do not ship to Coast Railroad.) MUR-
KAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE., ....LOS ANGELES DISTRICT
Teamsters and laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH FARE $17 50
60 coal miners boss at our office, $3 60 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
FP.UIT and grape pickers, fee $L fare $1;
P64 men and boys, anybody will suit In age.
$;:0 per month and found; large packing and
drying houses, 80 to 90 days' work. $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st
MARRIED HELP WANTED
Farmer and wife, no other woman on ranch,
fare $1 50, $35 and found; man and wife for
mines (no experience), $35
gardener and wife 3 milkers and wives;
5 farmers and wives 5 cooks and wives,
$80 $55, $"0, $40, $30 and found. Come and see
us. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
PUBLIC WORK BY COUNTY SUPERVISORS
12 laborers, fare $1 TO, 6 months' Job, $2 25 day;
v.Htf.-rs, fare $1 50, 6 months' Job. $2 day.
MURRAY &■ READT. C 34 and 63« Clay st.
WE 1 AT TOUR FAUES SHIP TO-DAY
To 27 sawmills, woods, In beautiful Atendo-
clno, Humboldt, Santa Cruz, Sonoma, Fresno,
Shasta and 15 other counties, 284 laborers,
men to learn to run machines, etc.; $26 to $40
and found; ("no experience required"), you
will suit; woodmen, sawmill men, tlemakers,
woodchnppers, Dicket makers, etc., by the
hundreds; $.O. $S5. $SO. $75, $60. $50, $40, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st
FARE~PAID....SEE BOSS HERE.... TO-DAY
15 laborers to work In mills and yards, $37 50
per month and found, 20c hour overtime;
steady Jobs MURRAY & READY,
Boss here 634 and 636 Clay st.
FOR AN IMPORTING AND EXPORTING
oompany— ls Germans, Swedes or Scandina-
vians tor a manufacturing company, $25 to
$35 and found, free fare. MURRAY _
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st._
............ GOVERNMENT WORK
6 laborers, 8 hours, free fare $2 day
20 laborers, board yourselves where you like;
lob In San Francisco $1 bo and $1 75 day
S 1 1; H RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
" _74 laborers and teamsters, some manufac-
turing companies, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day. MUR-
KAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— 6 miners, $40 and board; driver for
coal wagon $2 25 day ; 4 stablemen, $30 and
board and $45 and $50; milker and wife, $60
to $65; driver for milk wagon and wife, $50;
•woodchopper, $125 cord; 4 men to- harvest
! $1 day and board; S drillers, $2 25 to
£2 76 day; 3 farmers for Colusa Co.. $26; chore-
iiifm for Napa Co., $20; woodsmen of all
kinds; laborers for mlne3, dmllls, woods and
quarries, $175 to $2 day; 2(T teamster?, $175
to $2 day. and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento Bt
WANTED— 2 carpenters for mine, $3 50 day;
carriage painter for oountry, $3 day, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Ranch cook, $30; cook, small coun-
try hotel, $35; restaurant cooks, $9 and $10
■week; restaurant and hotel waiters, oity and
country; dishwasher, $25; vegetable men: bell-
boys- broiler, $10 week, and others. J. F.
CROSETT &. CO., 628 Sacramento st
WANT] D Bhamgooer for bath house. J. F.
CROfIETT & CO., 628 Sacramento Bt.
WANTED
lUnin painter and paper hanger for Institu-
tion, near city, $30 per month, board, lodg-
ing and washing
Stableman for city stable. $26 per month and
found; farmers and ranch teamsters, near
city. $25 and $26; coachman for private place,
near cltv. $25 and found; Cathollo nurse for
Institution, near city. $20 and found, and oth-
ers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Driver for milk route In city; refer-
ences required; $35 per month and found. W.
D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
WANTED — Camp blacksmith, $40; cook coun-
try $45; 20 laborers, city, $1 75, board your-
self"; 20 teamsters, city; 20 teamsters, country,
free fare; 20 laborers and teamsters, Sacra-
mento, $2 a day, free fara. FEITCH Employ-
ment Agency, 655 Clay st. ; tel. Davis 821.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— 2 butlers, $40
and $50; waiter, city, $35; country, $25; 2
cooks, city, $50; dishwasher, country, $20;
tailors, shoemakers, etc.
MAN and wife as cook and foreman; must
understand ranch work; $60 per month; see
lady here 8 o'clock. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st
WANTED— Men to work on grade of Valley R.
R.; fare one way if employed 10 days; new
management; no discount on wages; reason-
able board. Apply to E. M. CARR, Pinole.
WANTED — A young man that can loan his
employer $100, with good security and learn a
trade that will be worth hundreds of dollars
to him. 128 Third st.
WANTED — A young man to do general eleotrlo
work In store; state age, experience, reference
and salary. Address box 467, Call office.
WANTED— First-class workman for ladles'
tailoring department. Apply HALE BROS.,
Inc., 93a-947 Market St., P a. m. to-day.
LABORERS wanted for work at Point Rich-
mond; wages $2. JAS. A. McMAHON, 210
Spear St.
WANTED — A messenger boy. Apply In own
handwriting, stating age and give references,
Poetofflce box 2048.
WANTED— Boy to work In grocery and bar;
wages $15 and found. NW. corner Ninth and
Harrison sts.
MIDDLE-AGED man to take care of 2 horses
and work around the bouse; low wages. In-
quire at 643 Sixth st
WANTED— Good, strong boy willing to work;
steady employment Apply 11 Drumm st,
after 9 o'clock.
CUTTER wanted at L. HOROVITZ'S, 751 Mar-
ket st.
MALE"presser wanted at L. HOROVITZ'S, 751
Market st.
S WAITERS, $35; bellboy, $15. Hotel Gazette
Emp. Bureau, MRS. M. E. DAY, Mgr.
OFFICE boy about 18 years old; references.
Address G. L., box 446, Call office.
MARKER and distributor wanted St 'Nlcholai
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
HELP WASTED— MAIB.
80 a and 4 horse teamsters for railroad worn,
6 P. R. R-f Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
branches: ship Saturday; free fare. Apply
now at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.
10 CARPENTERS FARE PAID
For flume building, 2 months' work, snip
to-day ;
• Wages $3 a day; board $4 10 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR THE SANTA FE R. R FREE FARE
Tunnelmen ** £0 a day
Teamsters ■*? a ay
Laborers 2 a day
.; Board $4 60 a week
Ship this afternoon
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR MADERA FRE SJf. A £ E
..TEAMSTERS FOR RAILROAD WORK..
SHIP THIS AFTERNOON
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st...
10 STONEMASONS, $3 50; helpers, $2; railroad
work Free fare
c'."r'."h*a'n'sEN & CO., 104 Geary et.
MARKER and distributor, $40; washer, $40:
plain Ironer, $25; washer and starcher for an
Institution, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ?-_ -
MILKER and make butter. $25; milker, $25: 6
farmers, $1 a day and board. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
10 SCANDINAVIAN men. $30 to $35 and found,
steady work, see boss here.
25 laborers near city. $2 a day; 25 teamsters
' and laborers, city, $2 a day; mechanics.......
Boiler-makers '• *? 2! j
Riveters » *| '°
Rivet heaters *3 «■
Blacksmiths ♦•; 00
Carpenters »- £0
Bench hand, planing mill J 3 00
Rough carpenter, camp, free faro $J ou
C. It. HANSBN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPARTMENT.
Second cooks, $60, $50, $45, $40, $35 :
Cooks, $8, $9, $10, $12, $15 a week
14 dishwashers, $30, $25, $20; vegetable man
and dishwasher, springs, $20 each, steady
place; 6 neat waiters for coffee houses, $7, $8,
$9 a week; 4 waiters, country hotels. $25; 6
waiters, north. $50; butcher and help on
range, $45; shop butcher, $35; chief cook for
a railroad camp, free fare, $60; 3 R. R. camp
cooks, $60, $50, free fare; pantry man, good
on salad, $10 a week; cook, private family,
country, $26. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st
NEAT young extra barkeeper for hotel. C.
R. HANSE-N _ CO.. 104 G<aary St.
BARBER to rent furnished shop in country.
DECKELMAN BROS., Barbers' Supplies, 106
Ellis St. . ■
CARPENTER with shop (power preferred) can
secure steady work. Address box 469, CalL
WANTED— young man to wipe dishes. IS
Eddy st. '
TWO waiters wanted for restaurant. 112
Fourth st. ; call early.
WANTED— bushelman at 684 Pacing st.
WANTED— dishwasher; $3. 680 Fourth
street.
WANTED— A boy In confectionery. 1503 Geary
street.
LUNCH wajter. 138 First st. ; call early.
WANTED— Drug clerk, Junior; state age, ex-
perience and salary required. Box 483, Call.
TWO first-class men on copper roof; $5 per day;
free fare. Box 482, Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 609 Lar-
kin st.
BOY for printing? shop; German preferred.
Room 4, 535 California st.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
FIRST-CLASS men for brickyard. South San
Francisco, San Mateo County.
GOOD waiter at 1390 Turk St.; call early.
DISHWASHER wanted at 613 Clay st.
BOY wanted. 636 Market st.
WANTED— Foreman ' for distributing and
marking room. Oakland Laundry Co., 630
Twenty-ninth st.. Oakland.
BUSHELMAN and presser. San Jose Woolen
Mills, f,23 Market St.. room 3, 12 to 1 o'clock.
GOOD boy wanted in paint shop. Corner Sutter
and. Laguna sts.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS carper wanted. Apply at
BADER & FINCKE. Filth and Bryant.
WANTED —An experienced Goodyear welt
operator: steady work. Apply to CAHN,
NICKELSBLRG & CO., 115-117 Hayes st.
CONCRETE men, laborers and teamsters to
work on reservoir and wagon road being
built by California Powder Works at Pinole,
Cal.; wages. $3 per day; board. 14 E0 week; no
discount on time checks; cash paid when
quit. Apply E. M. CARR, supt.. Pinole Cal.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED — 3 first-class coatmakers and pants-
maker. CHAS. BLISS, Claus Spreckels bldg.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission at., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission Bt., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— to care for house; rent
free. MRS. TANNER, SO Hannah st.. Oak-
land.
HOME for man; light work. MRS. TANNER,
30 Hannah st., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker: work in or out aide.
. 226V4 Montgomery aye. ; good wages.
BARBERS— Paying 6c shop for sale cheap; also
Sterling bicycle. 840*4 Third st.
CUSTOM coatmakers a"hd basters, either by
piece or week. 541 Market st.
! WANTED— Good butcher; steady. 2112 Center
St., near Shattuck aye., Berkeley station.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Keamy st.
WANTED— to '■drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 60 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St., room 4, third floor.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. in. to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice,* expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology: Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 633 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal I
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHKPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S,. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free omploy-
: m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing poods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272, Call.
TRY our 150 meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 100, 15c and 25c
per nlßht. Llndell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 857 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading: room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The • Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any. address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage raid.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday,
gULLTVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO 22% GEARY ST.
Money to loan on all houses.
15 rooms; new and elegant; a snap $1100
11 rooms; all rented; cheap rent; corner. 225
12 rooms; housekeeping; Van Ness aye... 650
88 rooms; Market st.; part cash 1200
65 rooms; sunny corner; new 3500
9 rooms; near university, Berkeley;
boarding ...;. 875
. Many others; call for list. KREDO & CO.
$225— HOUSE 18 rooms; 3d st., nr. Market: rent
$40; must sell "this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PAP TIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy. St.. new cash buyer dally.
»700— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE. 8 Eddy St.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$650— Philadelphia House, 421 Bush St.: 48 fur-
nlshed rooms; gas and water in every room.
$800 BUYS 35-roomed lodginghouse; central; ac-
count of Elckness. Bex 2171, Call office. -,
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
lng. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
i CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
i ■ Call. 16 pages, gent to any address in the
It, .VJP4IS4. g_t«i, postjatd^ » per y.en;. ■
HOUSES TO ILET.
a—prtntED list; houses to let; send for dr-
miff. (£ H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
1661 Octavia; 16 R..5150 665 McAllister; 7
1 F X d m; a ? : if. R : 1 1 s H c°o«r6 d R 6 *:::: 2
party without small children. Address O.
party without small children. Address c. O.
box 562, Oakland. ;
WASHINGTON. 2415— House of 9 rooms and
bath; desirable location Apply on the prem-
ises from 11 to 12 daily or at LAN DRY C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
JS£» ff
$20-7 LARGE rooms and bath, yard and base-
ment. 1308 Valencia St.. near Twenty-fourth.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the Panted
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. _______ _.
LOST AND FOt.VD.
LOST-Monday, family; photo; finder return to
1447 Stockton St.; reward. CHAS. LOUIS.
LOST-Bankbook at Cliff House or on cars re-
turning from beach. Finder will please re-
turn to 431 Bush st.
FOX terrier, black ear, black spot on back,
lump on hind leg; reward. 1507'? Franklin Bt.
iffREWARD— Lady's gold watch and pin, dia-
i mond star in center. 712 Greenwich st.
MONEY to loan: quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH, 220 California St.. r. 7.
MASSAGE.
MASSAGE: gentlemen treated at residence. D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny St.; hours. 4 to 5 p. m._
~™ MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market St.;
now at 118 Eddy St.. one block from Market.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Keamr st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to o.
MRS ALLEN, ladies' physician, 22S Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS DR. WYETH, ladies' physician: consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin;
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladies' physician. 1223
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladies' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any address in the
United States, pos*naUl. for V Tier year.
~ MINES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale
in a paying gold mine at $1 per share; will
advance to $3 within six months; owner need-
ing money badly must sacrifice; purchaser
may deal with owner direct. W. F. ARAM,
Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
, floor. Mills building. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS SALE. ■
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion 6t., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR SALE cheap in one lot, 20 choice cows;
2 bulls. 4 yearlings and 2 calves; part regis-
tered Jerseys; cattle on Sunny side Farm. San-
ta Cruz; also 5 horses. D. B. WOOLF, Su-
preme Court, San Francisco.
GENT'S solid gold hunting case Waltham
watch; stem winder; chain and locket; bar-
gain. Box 4SI. Call office.
A. BEAUTIFUL marquise pearl ring worth $25
for $10. at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE— Walnut bedroom set. Address
1637% Fulton st.
BOX of stone-cutter's tools to bo sold cheap at
24 Verona place, off Third st.
FIVE buildings to be removed, Clementina and
First sts.; lumber and firewood for sale. In-
quire of EDW. .K. PEARSON, 1231 Folsom
Bt. Telephone Jessie 1933. ■ .
COMPLETE fixtures for 4-chalr barber shop
for sale cheap. 574 Washington Bt., Oakland.
FOR — Lot 25x137:fi; south side of Golden
Gate aye., bet. Laguna and Octavia Bts. ; in-
come $40. Address J. B. FRENCH, NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderlck sts.
2D-lIAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, removd. S Valencia.
FOR sale—^The Edison Dancing Doll; a won-
derful toy. Apply 443 Bryant St.
DO you know of tools or machinery for Bale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
SAFES — and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences: portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st., S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 5086. .
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission st., near Ninth.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, .$1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 230 Kearny st., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain . st No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento St.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 in.; gas^ng. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10; MISRIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Mnntrnmnry gt.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraperteams
with harpess and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sol* ; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
I OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly'
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance: strictly
confidential: advice free. G. E. OLSEN, room
16, first floor. Chronicle building.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages;estates in probate, undivided interests in
estates, legacies and mortgages bought; advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 ' Markt.
LAW and Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000- loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
fees: employ able counsel; legal advice free by
mall or at office, 214 Pine St.. room 64. ;
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S F Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays J
NOONAN.. 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
} G , HI & respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates Baldwin Jewelry
branch TbTrdV^ ; telephone Main 1644;
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 3d,
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
E^x-°^T emoval : low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell
MONEY to loan; quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St., room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos, jewelry, stock- low
rates. J. H. EPSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland!
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ISO TO $50,000; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs •*
my proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery!
° N UI 7 llt . ure> planos « without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister .st.
MONEY lo»ned salaried people on their notes
without lEdorser. TOUBLEY. 592. Parrott big
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
__^ MONEY WANTED.
A Box^li. "clou* t0 borro^ ?200 at 7 per oent^MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we vie t-eiliug kguJ upright pianos for $6
cas-h and $6 per montli, we ask you to investi-
gate v"d approve this method; prices are the
t-cme as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in pood second-hand uprights upon same easy
j>:iyments r.rd sjine good pianos for $3, $4 and
?;, per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Ktelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Suiter
ft?.. Kan Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Ciiicas'i is KOHLER & CHASE'
it. £S and SO O'Farrell f t.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
und prices; term? easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
ruMomer.
A FEW GOOD BARGAINS: — ——
Bord upright: good for practice $115 :
Chlckerlng; good order 160 |
Smith & Barnea ISS
Alsj> splendid is<r.<ares from $35 up on $4
j.ayrnents; no interest.
BENJ. CURT A3 & SON, IS O'Farrell Bt.
SMALL upright for $100; Hemnie & Long, $175;
Gibson. S^.": Decker &• Son, $350; all bargains
at MAL'VAIS'. 76n Market st.
YOU cet good pianos at reasonable prices and
en easy terras at MAUVAIS', 762 Market st.
AN elegant Steinway upright; half price. Room
10. Flood .-lUildir.g.
A--Uri:iGHTS, $63 up; installments, $5 75 up; |
rents, ?2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis. j
V. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for !
Franois Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN — Bteinway upright cheap. I
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash '
WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
A— fi.s UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st. !
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hcrnung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
fOHMER, . ron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
POSt Ft.
WANTED-! Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
pans. BYRON MAUZY, 808 Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styies. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 50 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. i
MULLF.R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
FOR rent or for lease. 953 Howard st., large
store and large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
i'ME. NEERGAARD. of Count
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 3 p. m. ; reading by mail. $1.
? * — "* "^~ " *" *"" T"——^T. _ *^ ■
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $2500 to increase^stocir^ard^
ware business: cleared $6000 in 1 yr. ; estab. ;
over 20 yrs. M. E. M., Call office. Oakland. !
PERSONALS.
E. MARSHALL— Letter for you at general de-
livery- , CH. G.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school she- Soc;
lads' stylish lace or button shoes, $1 2J: men's
shoes. 51: send for price list. People's Shoe
Store, 13f>3 Stockton st. . r.r. Broadway.
PRETTY blue-eyed baby girl for adoption; 7
months old. Box 477, Call.
KAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, .at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
TO 9-room lodging hou»e; rear entrance;
newly painted, papered. 313^ O'FarTell st.
FRINGES, braids, beads and jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S, 723 Market st.
LEDKRER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic Is not a
hair dye— nourishes the hair and is very bene-
ficial to it. G. : : ERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER, the popular hairdresser, charges
but 2ic for latest hair Etyles; he uses Schef-
Jler's Colorine for dyeing the hair, only $1 50
to tZ; price 75c box. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutler ft.. Laws a Specialty
San yraneis-co. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. I Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT cf Imported and domestic rem-
nants lor suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75; ■
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market et.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
AXTTQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
Eold. exchanged. £25 .ipont St., nr. CaL
ELECTRIC llshts 111 every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to 11 JO per night: Jl 50 to $6 per week; :
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at j
Palace of Art. Ifi Post st. Ladies with escorts
admitted from 1 S:SO p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E. i
HAQUETTE. i
MR?.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone : !som 446.
PAINTING and paper hanging: rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, SOS Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., 300 Post st.
MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
frcm O'Farrell to 132 Eddy et.
MLLK CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors. 2SS Kearny Bt.. first floor, rooms 2-3.
JAMES A BORENSON, watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth St., near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. ?3S Market st.
HIRSL'TINE Co.. hair specialists, grow hair
cr no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; puarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
6UITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell _ Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co., 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. .
DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021H Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
\VANTED— To Join ownership of rented ranch;
with some cash. H.. 1 C"; Sixth st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
It'aT^'bpeck' & co'B.
In the Examiner building,
GOOD INVESTMENTS.
tIGO Grand Investment within block of Call
bldg.; lot 210x70 ft.; one tenant; rents 18000.
$75 000— Grand investment; 265x37 ft.; rents
$35"; near Ferry; cost $103,000. . 
$140,000 — 6-story stone, brick and iron building;
rents' $10,000 per annum; guaranteed lease; 8
years' lease.
$40,000— Grand Investment; vicinity of Mason
St.; rents $402.
000— Stores and 12 flats; rents WOO; lot BOx
105 ft.
)o— Grand Investment; block from Stock-
ton and Market; lot 33x137; old Vraprovements;
pays 6 per cent net; If improved will pay 10 per
cent.
$14,000— Geary st., near Mason; store and lodg-
ing-houEe.
51K.0C0 — First st.; 37-foot front; 2 fronts; near
Mission.
«li',Ooo— Mason St., not far from Geary st. ; 35
foot front.
$14,000-3 elegant flats of 9 rooms each; rents
$:15; (salt water); near Geary St., doawtown.
$10,600 — New flats; very fine: rents 195.
$lfino(i — Ninth it., near Mission; business.
$Ssofr— Market bt flats; lot 30 feet front; a
snap.
$s.'.o0 — kton »t.; rents $70; lease 10 years.
California 6t. ; 3 flats; rents $45.
$4750— Turk St.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from JOCOO: large lot.
$1750— Cozy 7-room house; lot 25x100 ft.; nice
grounds: rent $16 50.
$20C0— 2 flats; rents $18.
J7JO— Cozy new cottage; large lot, used for
chickens and vegetables.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.S 667
Market st.
EOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $Soo— Sunft Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes., ready to build
en; $25 down. $10 monthly.
Branch OfTlee. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$ICO tn $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A. (ROCKER BUILDING
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNK, 410 Montgomery at.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
A V.V- T - I /4 V OF
KKSIHsNCE AM) l\\" IMPROVED PROP-
AT SALESROOM, M MONTGOMERY ST..
MONDAY. OCTOBER 9. 1599,
At 12 o'clock noon.
ADMINISTRATORS SALE.
985 and BSSVi ''.u.nrero st. near Twenty-sec-
ond; L' Hats of 5 an.l 1 bath each;
rents 134; street accepted; lot 24x105.
NORTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
14U-13 and IS Rush st., near' Polk; S bay-
window houses of T and 10 rooms, bath each:
foundation; rear portion of lot facing
Pern aye. t= vacant, and if improved witu
small tenements (which rent readily) woild
pay bandEemely; rents at present 187; mort-
KUfie of J6COO at 6\% per cent can remain; lot
55x120.
CORNER IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
TO CLOSE AN' ESTATE.
SE. cor. Drurr.m and Commercial fta. ; 2
and dwelling; rents fv ■; old Improve-
ments; lot GCxT.i Irregular; 1 block from Mar-
ket st. and ferries.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
- ■ tt st., W. line 112:0 feet N. of Haight;
bay-window house of 8 rooms Rnd bath: tin-
ished basement; brick foundation; cement
walk; street accepted; lot 25x100.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. RESIDENCE.
•n Gate aye.. S. line UO feet W.
of Pierce; bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; cement walk; street
[ accepted; lot 20x110.
FLATS FACING THE PARK.
6SS and f.3:> Frederick St., S. line US feot E.
!ot Wiliard; 2 bay-window flats. S and 6 r BIS
ar..i bath h;i<-1i ; stable in rear; brick founda-
t! :i. cement walk, etc.; rent $4T,; lot 25\137:6;
j mortgage of $2500 at 64 per cent can remain.
BY ORDER OF HIBERNIA BANK.
413 Twenty-seventh Et.. S. line 151 feet W.
of Church; cottage of 4 rooms and bath; rent
$10; lot 22x105.
SIX BUILDING LOTS.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
| 6. side Twenty-seventh St., bet. Sanchee and
j Noe Bts., as a whole or in subdivisions.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBBEN & CO., Auctioneers.,
14 Montgomery st.
j FOR sale— House of 10 rooms, suitable for 2
! fani'.'iier-: lot 20x110: on Thirteenth St., in West
I Oakland; price 51700; cheaper for rash: offer
wantnl. going East the cause. F r particu-
lars apply to wm. CHRISTIN. Beal Estate
A*ent. 1759 Seventh Ft . West Oakland.
I FOR SALE ! i ttages, to ba removed. R.
DOYLE. 2806 Howard Et.
$4800— FINE downtown 9-room home; brick
foundation; large lot S7:6xSO: splendid view;
! healthy location; bank mortgage $23j0. Box
Call office.
PROPERTY redeemed; money advanced for
impri vements: sale guaranteed in 10 days;
cas-h offer In 24 hours: no expense; no delay.
P. A. DOLAN. 636 Market Et.
A BARGAIN— JISOO; 4-room cottaee; owner.
5"4 Battery bt. . In barber frr p.
REAL ESTATE — COI'STRY — For Sale
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creek, t miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watered, n acres good grain land,
balance excellent pasture: suitable milk or
k ranch; ra llltles. In person
R. E,. ROWLAND. Orinda Park^
F' 'X BALI duck ranch, near
ground, with privilege ■ I
ing* same. .\Mr-~s 'i H. r- \ 4--. ' 'Ail.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping: rooms pot list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 X-'arny.
! BT'SH. 1203—3 rooms, furr.ls? —keep-
« s) v» and bath.
CHESTNUT 293. corner Dupont— 2 or more fur-
n:<h?u rooms, complete for ! X, with
■ . ■
2421. In rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; r.^nt $7.
1 ED!i\". 915—3 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly paper' rlvate res.; 1
. f unny bed-
-c.
mny double
f rc .n with kitchen and bathroom;
I furr. ' : '-y-
Pi iLS ■ - and double
is, $2 up; single rooms, $1 up^
TH, 22~* — 1 larp-o n "tn suitable (or light
■
GEAR! - ■ ■ ■• ■ : irnlshed front
kitchen; $22.
:y suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rooms; phone.
HARRIET, 92, cor. Folsom, above Sixth, over
" ur nicely furnishfd house-
sepmrate flat: oh->ap.
| EDDY. 917— Nicely fun rooms;
lid tlon; private res ; no children.
: HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping: running water.
JACKSON. 920, near Mas -.n— Larjre furnished
og rooms, $S; single $4.
: MINNA, 2S— Punny front housfkoeplng rooms.
MIS:- 'ront room and kitchen, com-
plete for hou?»kf*ping.
VALENCIA, S34U, near Twentieth— Sunny front
room and kltoheq. furnished; hoaseketping;
bath;
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
fuHps for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
)er.~ia st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS WANTED.
3EKEEPING rooms wanted, 2 or 3. by
young couple: well furnished, sunny, private,
| gaa stove. Address MRS. EL, ES2 Twenty-first
St., Oakland.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and I nfiirn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUBB, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
2uc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement^ and
subscriptions has been established at 10&6 Va-
lencia Et.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms SOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 62 Second St., double rooms for week, 51 60
*:::g!e, Jl to Jl 50; day. 25C to 60c.
BURN
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
{ EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; {1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
i ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night, Jl a week up: reading room.
! EXCELSIOR Housed 89 Turk, cor. Taylor— New
I mangt.; tunny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
FIFTH, 322 — $1 a week; large sunny furnished
, closet; bath; private.
FULTON, 121%— Two funny front furnished
I'- ms, range, water, large yard; rent ii.
GEARY 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; also
single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOI'THERN-Southeast cor.~Beventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles" parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. "In— 2oo sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nisbed; every convenience; electric lljrhts.
Hi GHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to SOc per nlßht; $1 B0 to $3 per week.
HYDE. 232— Nice sunny furnished rooms to let:
r.able.
7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; Jl per week: transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr Market— Large
bay-win, rms. and sliirlp. }5 up; also hskpg.
■ r Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; gas, bath: cheap.
O'FARRELL, Jo4— Neatly furnished rooms;
Rn?: running water; bath; single or suites;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. W Lam room, suitable for 1
or 2 E'-r.tl»men; private family.
SHERMAN Ar-artment HoUBe, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Koom Renting Co., 426 Kearny st.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
Housekeeping rooms. J2 per week;
slncle rooms for men.
E sunny housekeeping n-oms; 1 McDer-
mott place. Apply at 43 Slvth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrls nt. §
ROOMS WANTED.
A~YOrNG man Wants 1 or 2 rooms with private
bathroom attached for giving massage treat-
I Address Box 464, Call.
M ■■lU'.il'D couple wont nicely furnished rooms; !
an family preferred; references. Address:
box "46, Call office. J
THE SAN FR ATS CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5. 1899.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. :
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES!— Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best; safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladies," In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home In confinement; most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folscm. nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41' Montgomery St.. reams 9-10; tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 101 Post. cor. Powell: t»l. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— House, 8 rooms and bath; lot BOx
150: good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
j FOR sale— ln the best part of Berkeley, house
of 9 rooms; new; all modern improvements;
large lot. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
adjoining PostoOlce, Berkeley.
TO let— Furnished house of 13 rooms: 6 acres
of -land; carriage house, etc. Apply JOSEPH
-J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining Post-
j office. Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Fine residence site; corner Vine
I and Spruce, bet. Vine and Cedar, North
Berkeley; outlook on bay: very desirable for
I home; garden, orchard: any amount. Terms,
owner, HEMENWAY. IMS Spruce.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
I rooms, . bath, laundry and storeroom, with
| stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. ."'-•'
$75 CASH. $6 monthly till paid for: lot 100x175;
•trees, shrubbery, living springs; can be made
a model chicken ranch: away from the cold
winds and fog; ten minutes' walk to local
steam cars: close to electric car lines; build
your home or we will build for you; pay-
ment as low as rent; price in all $550; Oa-
■ lindo Tract Annex, adjoining East Oakland:
! come and see this; call or send for circular;
455 Seventh st., nr. Broadway. Oakland; car-
-1 riage free. H. Z. 1 . JONES, owner.
SACRIFICED elegant new houses in course
; of construction on -3d St., bet. Grove and
West; all modern Improvements: street work,
sidewalks done; small payment down; balance
monthly if desired: houses open for inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON, 515 20th.
■ $2C<O— GREAT bargain; Frultvale residence; lot
! 3"x174; bath and all modern conveniences. C.
K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
I SUNNY modern cottage; large rooms; flowers;
i fruits, chic kens; handy to school, local trains;
I easy payments. MRS. A. GOODRICH, 1178
East Sixteenth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath; ba.rn;sS9
24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
F. M. Colbrandt and Gertrude M. Schenk..27-lS
John A. Mullen and Kate Lonsen 21-21
1 Edwarrl T. Yeazell and Martha T. Belz 2. .-22
T. M Stateler and Lillian J. Schroder. ...2s-22
Max C. A. Wendt and Lillian J. Ellsworth. 22-21
Phillip J. Decker and May Bonner 2S-22
W. H. Wardeli and Mattie A. B<?asley . SS-24
A. W. Meloling and Claudia M. Mahan 29-1S
John Schlueter and Louise Gundelflnger.. .sB-44
I Charles C. Kelly and Delia A Lyon 33-35
John A. Coley and Sadie Wade 30-15
C. Petersen and Regine J. Helsen 33-22
Erik W. Nyman and Anna L. .Tohanson. ..3o-21
. J. L. Donohue and Melvina O. Thompson.. 32-29
Charles Peterson ami Malvlna Andersson. .4l-33
Henry White and Lena Knight 43-31
Edmond C. Kahn and Ella Holmes 23-22
"BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
I In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have' the same published.
BORN.
BASON— this city to the wife erf John Bason.
j a son.
| LUHRS— In this city. September 27. 1899, to
' the wife of Charles Luhrs, a son.
McGOVERN— In this city, October 4. 1539, to
the wife of M. B. McGovern, a daughter.
McNULTY— In this city. October 1, 1898, to the
wife of William H. McNulty, a daughter.
TYRRELL— In this city, to the wife of Frank
C. Tyrrell, a daughter.
MARRIED.
BROUILLARD— PORTER-In this city, Oc-
ber 4. 1899, by the .Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son, Alchonse L. Broulllard and Edna Por-
ter, both of San Francisco.
CARLSON— HASKINS— In this city, October 1,
Ik3:<, by the Rev. L-;. G. Mathena, D.D., Harry
C. Carlson and Llllle L. Hasklns.
DECKER— BONNER— In this city, October 4,
15,99. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Philip J. Decker and May Bonner, both of San
Francisco.
HUNT— P.ICHTER— In this city, September 30,
1599, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson,
Edwin Mason Hunt of San Francisco and
Bertha C. Rlchter of La Crosse, Wis.
SABLE— LITTLE— In this city, October 3, 1889,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, John
Ludwlir Sable of San Francisco and Viena
S. Little of Springfield, Mo.
DIED.
Adler, Charles King. Thomas T.
Buhlinger, Rose E. Kingsbury. Chester
Chin Gee Fom Krause, Samuel R.
Owen, Ann E. Mlchaells, Edith N.
Connor, Dennis O'Donnell, Connell
Gaynor, Mary Preble, Lucius W.
Grossman, George ' Ryan, Thomas
Hall, James Selleck. Alice V.
Jauch. Anna Sullivan, Joseph D.
Johnston, Henry Taber, Sophie
ADLER— this city. October 3, 1899. Charles,
beloved husband of Adeline Adler, and father
of Mrs. Martin Strauss and Melville, Harry,
Rose, Alexander. May and Edgar Adler, a
native of New York City, aged 58 years 4
months and 12 days.
l i *riends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 10:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 1113 Post
street. Interment private.
BUHXINGER— In this city, October 4, 1599,
Rose Eva, dearly beloved and only daughter
of Joseph and Jacoblne Buhlinger. and sister
of George A.. William F. and Oscar O.
Buhlinger, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years and 2S days.
CHIN GEE FOM— In the City and County Hos-
pital, October 3, 189», Chin Gee Fom, a na-
tive of China.
CONNOR— In his city, October 3, 1899. Dennis
Connor, a native, of Ireland, aged 50 years.
[CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
nt the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.*
GAYNOR— In this city. October 4, ISS9, Mary,
beloved wife of the late Patrick Gaynor, and
sister-in-law of John F. Crosby, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 65 years.
GROSSMAN— In this city, October 3, 1893,
George, beloved husband of Maria Eva Gross-
man, and father of George J. Qrossman, Mrs.
J. Koch and Mrs. G. de Luca, a native of
Alsace, aged 75 years and 3 months. A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Lodge No. 204, I. O. O.
F. ; San Francisco Lodge No. 1, and member
of Grand Lodge. O. d. h. S.
[r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), nt 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 112 Jersey street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, and thence to Odd
HiNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS,
to Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8(K
*
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS H. JACOB & CO &T# H E h
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers, 318 Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 6213.
I ■ ■ ii i ■■« ii ■ ■ ■ -' ii iin i
Fellows' Hall, where services will be held
at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of GoMen
Gate Lodge" No. 204, I. O. O. F. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery-
HALL— In this city, October 3, IS?9, James
Hall, beloved husband of Mary Hall, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 73 years.
JAUCH— In this city. October 3, IS?9, Anna
Jauch. dearly beloved wife of John Jauch,
a native of Saxony, Germany, aged 27 years.
A member of Alpha Circle No. 176, Compan-
ions of the> Forest. (Denver, Colo., papers
pl< sse copy.)
tn?"Friends and acquaintances and members
of Mizpah Circle No. 100, Companions of the
Forest, are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock,
from the parlors of the Oantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall
square. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— In this city, October 4. 1899,
Henry Johnston, beloved father of Frank B.
Johnston and the late Mrs. J. Perlgo, a na-
tive of County Klldare, Ireland, aged So years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Fort Point, thence to St. Sebastian's
church (Presidio), where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:80 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KING -In this city, October 4, 1599, Thomas
F. King, a native of San Francesco, aged 22
y.-ar.-.
KINCSBURY— In this city. October 3. 1599,
Chebter, beloved son of Lizzie Kingsbury, a
native of Ashland, Or., aged 7 years.
KRAUSE— In this city, October 2, 1599. Samuel
R. Krause, dearly beloved husband of Leon-
ora Krause. and grandfather ot Mrs. Hattle
Lewis, a native of Santomlschel, Prussia,
a«ed 87 years 6 months and 12 days.
|r_v"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:3<) o'clock, from hla late
:• nee, 3190 Sixtffnth street, near Guer-
rero, thence by 11:40 o'clock train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets to Home
of Peace Cemetery for interment.
K. and L. of H.— The officers and members of
Aurora Lodte No. 202, K. and L. of H., are
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, S. R. Krause, this day (Thursday),
at WM o'clock, from his late residence, 3190
Sixteenth street.
W. C. HEARN, Protector.
L. B. HOLCOMB, Secretary.
MK'HAELIS— In this city, October 2, 1899,
Edith Nlven Mlchaells, dearly beloved wife
of George E. Mlchaells. and only daughter of
Joeie E. and the late James Nlven, a native
of San Francisco, aged 17 years.
[nTTrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. Mrs. J. E. Nlvens, 2427 Fol-
som street. Interment private.
O'DONNELL— In San Rafael, Conr.ell CDon-
nell, beloved brother of Ella O*Donnell of
New York, a native of Ireland, aged s»j years.
B^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), from the parlors of Edward Eden,
thence to St. Raphael's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:3rt o'clock.
OWEN— In this city, October 4. 1599. Ann Eliza-
beth, beloved mother of Mrs. William R.
Hastings ar.d Frank, Charles, Ferguson and
Annie P. Owen, and sister of Mrs. M. J.
Bodwell, Mrs. G - rgo W. Harlow and Samuel
J. Proctor, a native of Eneland, aged 53
years r> months and 27 days.
PREBLE— In Oakland, October 4. 1599. Lucius
\V. Preble. husband of Mrs. H. L. Preble.
an.l father of Percy B. Preble, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 72 years 4 months and
4 days.
RYAN— In this city, October 3. 1599, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Ryan, and father
of Mrs. Sarah Houston and Thomas, Mark J.,
Peter A. and Daniel M. Ryan, a native of
Tuam, County Galway, Ireland, aged 60 years
8 months and 28 days.
[CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1611 Vallejo street, thence to St.
Brlgld's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at 3
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SELLECK— In this city, October 3, 1599, Alice
V., beloved wife of H. H. Selleck. daughter
of Rosana and the late David Kane, and sis-
ter of Mrs. H. Puckhaber and the late Wil-
liam. David and James Kane, a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 years 4 months and 9
days.
(EJ^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1304 Powell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In Phoenix. Ariz.. September 27,
1899, Joseph D.. beloved son of Johanna and
the late Daniel Sullivan, and brother of
James E.. Daniel M., Mary. Humphrey J.,
Katie, Fred and Albert Sullivan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 82 years and 6 months.
(HTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock. Interment at
Suisun. Solano County.
TABER— In this city, October 4. 1899, Sophia.
wife of James W. Taber. (New York and
Lowell papers please copy.)
[CTFuneral ; from Gray's undertaking: par-
lors. 641 Sacramento street, this day (Thurs-
day), at 2 o'clock. Interment at Petaluma,
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The regular monthly requWn high mass for
the deceased members of the above associa-
tion, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will be celebrated In
St. Dominic'!" Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, this dp.y (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Frien.ls are Invited to attend.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
« c Denham, Bkrsfleld H TI Btrohrldg*. Minn
M MrWhorter. Bkrsfld H P Knoll, H C
) ]< Lees. Idaho R Hughes, Alaska
J Mulroy, San Jose .1 Mahon, Ireland
P M Jeffrey, Mrysrille Mrs L Johnson, s Jose
E M .i hns in, Fresno E C Hafford. Seattle
P Graves. N V B A I^ee, lowa
J M DiriFmore, Los An V L Wiley, lowa
W C Brennan. Los An J H Hiauz, lowa
C M Barlow, Chicago D W Cade. lowa
A J Venn, St Paul
PALACE HOTEL.
W C Forbes. Boston A II Wilse. Seattle
E C Morton. Boston E L Renter. Seattle
H Van Aernarrt. N V ; L Ko^nKsb^rg-, Wash
HGO Colby, US N X C Martin, Wis
R Bering, N V M Dreshfleld, N V
G W Keeney, San Jose C W Smith, Pasadena
Miss A H Morgan, Pa F H Burke, Montana
Ii i Ibendorf, NY J D Works, Los Ang
J H Rees, Memphis H W Lee, Los Ang
W F Schulte, Ky Mrs R W Lee. L Ang
W L Tu. K. r N V J McParland. Denver
Mrs C Clement. NY S Klnseley, Pa
E R Briggs, M.idera R V Ellis, Hanford
GRAND HOTEL.
W D NoTthrup, L Ang W Rochat, Alaska
H Frnley. Sacto R W Thompson, Stnfrd
R Meyer, Santa Rosa i; M Pock, Cal
H D Hill, Kansas Clty : J Hagemah. San Jose
N D Hall. Hollister L Strauss, Chicago
J A Walton. Guernevll'H Bangs & w S Diego
B Macdonald. Palo Al'Mrs N Lelthead, Cal
C C Rosencrans, NMex Miss c Luas. Seattle
R L Smith. Ind Miss L Lutker. Seattle
E H Vance, Eureka W Peterson. MD, N V
Miss Vance, Eureka W de Tichon, Livermre
F H Powell. Chicago S Prior. Llndsey
W Balrd, Pa J H Moore, San Jose
J F Bramberg. Dawson R R Grof>n & f, U C
M E Dlttmar, Reddinff W L Somlerson, N V
E W Murphy, Portland C R James, New York
A F Hoffman. CaJ G T James, New York
J McCarthy. Seattle R B James, New York
G E Hasbcr, L Ang T A Rich, New York
Len E Wlnton, L Ang W A Cook, New York
A Shark, L->s Angeles O M Rich, New York
M L Gllman&w.rrkiah Z G King. New York
Mrs A Richardson. H E Wright. Oakland
Mrs A Richardson, F Albright &w. Oakld
Ulciah iW G Bryon, Minn
A Kkraan, Orovllle ( C X Cadman, Pintle
A F Fletcher, L Oatos'A M Compton, Chico
R F Fletcher. L Gatos D McConvllle, St Paul
W E Higgins & w, F J Long, Gridley
Frultvale H Hobbron A- w, Chlco
Mrs J I) Schneider, 111 C *lulky. Napa
Mrs E S Payron, Chgo|D W Evans. Uklah
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
W*. Brennan, lot on SE corner of Polk and
Washington streets, E 137:6 by S 127:Sy 4 ; _.
William J. and Bella Kelly to Hlbernia Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on S line of Clay
street, 137:6 E of Walnut, E 30 by S 127:S>-4;
$10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Malcolm
C Whyte. lot on E line of Carmelita street
US B of Waller. S 25 by E 9. r ,. lot 3, block 3,
Marlon Tract (hospital lot): $10.
Elizabeth Caster and Emma Matullch (wife
of Matthew), lot on S line of Brosnan street,
ion w of Valencia, W 25 by B 75; $5.
W. A. and Mary E. Tracy to Alice R Lynch
(wife of John), lot on N line of Adalr street,
14." W of Howard. W 25 by N 75; $10.
Estate Thomas O'Day (by Edward Crisp, ad
ministrator) to Dledrich Kutlmann. lot on S
line of Harrison street. 30 E of Dore, E 30 by
S 70; $1500.
Fn-'lerick Mundwyler to Thomas F. Hagerty,
lot on E line of Sanchez street, 67 N of Twen
ty-first, N 57 by E 105; also lot on N line of
Twenty-first street. 105 E of Sanchez, E 60 by
N 114: $10.
Elolse M. Martin to Anna P. Witter (one
lialf). Arthur R. and Marguerite Rochambcau
(one-half jointly), lot on E line of Sanchez
street. 110 S of Thirteenth, 8 25 by E 125; $10.
Ellen and May E. Blood to George D. Blood,
lot on W line of Noe street, 30 N of Seven
teenth, N tfi. W 95, S SO. E 5, N 30, E 90; $1".
Patrick M. and Sarah J. McCJuaid to William
X and Lizzie Klee, lot on S line of Henry
street, SO E of Castro, E 25 by S 115; $10.
John and MRrla Engisch to Louisa J. Hayes-
Ben, lot on S line of Day street, 255 W of
Benches, W 25 by S 114; $10.
F. G Rider to Llewella F. Rider, lot on E
line of Monroe street, 68:6 N of Bush, E 70
by N 23; also lot on N line of Fell street. 156:3
W of Devisadero. W 25 by N 137:6; also lot
on W line of Devisadefo street, 52:6 N of
Grove, N 30 by W 90; gift.
James H. Dem»rest to Phebe A. Demerest
(wife of James H.), lot on NW corner of
Broadway and Florence street, distant 117:6
E of Jones. N 70 by W 50; gift.
Mark C, Rose A. and Maud K. Vulicevich to
Eleanor M. Vulicevich. lot oti E line of Hydo
street, 107:6 S of O'Farrell, S 30 by E 137:6:
$10.
Builders' Contracts.
Ferdinand Rust (owner) with J. F. Hlnrtehs
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey. all
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a two-story frame building (flats) on NW
corner of Tenth and Harrison streets; 50x84;
$3384.
IDA IS THE
WINNER AT
UNION PARK
I Hawker, the Runner - Up,
Withdrawn in the
Final.
Handy & Smith's Ida was the winner
of the midweek Reserve stake at Union
Coursing Park yesterday afternoon. Ida
showed great form and won on her mer
its, although the result might have been
different if Hawker, the runner-up, had
been in condition to test the final with
her. The English dog, however, after
beating everything entered against him
up to that time, ran a bye in the fourth
round with Eclipse that took the starch
out of him completely. The hare* was
remarkably swift and led the dogs such
a long chase that it became necessary to
send out a third dog. who finally killed.
j Kay & Trant, the owners of Hawker,
! then decided to withdraw him from the
I tlnal, which went to Ida by default.
It was a perfect day for the sport and
I the hares were all fast and tricky, so
I much so that Madge Wildfire, the relief
dog, was called upon no less than four
times. Shortenders won in a few in
stances only. Nonpareil at 3 to 5 beat
Shootover; Risky Attempt at 1 to 8 beat
Rustan; Lady Blanche at 3 to 5 beat S;;ir
of Cuba: Royal Buck at 3 to 5 beat Vic
tor: Petronius at 3 to 5 beat Moonlight:
Risky Attempt at 1 to 5 beat Tic-Tac,
and Royal Oak at 1 to 2 beat One Spot.
j Following are the summaries:
Midweek re?erve stake, forty-eight entries:
*6n, $40. $30; next three $15 each; next six 58
each: next twelve $.". each— \V. L. Trade's
(namep) "Wandering Tom beat W. Creamer's
Report, 12—6; J. W. Letcher's (names) Sandow
beat Sterl & Knowles' Fannie X, 19— 1C; J.
Kerrigan's Lady Blanche beat Aeneid Ken
nels' Maid of Erin, S— 7: J. Hurley's Star of
Cuba beat J. Jones' Galivant. 9—4; W. H.
i Jones' Lady Marion a bye; Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs a bye: J. Dean's Belle of An-
I derson beat J. RonninK's (names) Dempsey
| Lays. 6— 4; H. R. Hike's Nancy R beat A. L.
! Austin's Firm Foe, 3—4: J. Keenan's Royal
j Buck' beat M R Kavanaugh's Hard Lines.
19— C; Handy & Smith's Victor a bye: Handy
& Smith's Petronius beat S. E. Portal's Laurel
f wood 11. 12— 5; J. Jones' Moonlight !>eat W.
I Creamers Jesse Moore, 3—l: J. W. Letcher's
(names) Bryan a bye; Handy & Smith's Ida
beat Aeneid KennelV Aeneas. 12—3; J. Hur
ley's O X Capital beat J. Ferris' Cleopatra.
12—9; T. Halls Nonpareil beat J. O'Dowd's
BhOOtOVer, 4— 0- Kay & Trant's Hawker bi^at
Courtney & Hore's Douglas. S-0; I. F. Hal
ton'l Tic Tac beat J. W. Letter's (names)
1 Bull Hill 14—6; D. Winders' (names) Risky
Attempt beat W. H. Jones' Rustan. 13—5: P.
Kerwin's Lady Harriet beat F. Rothman's Jus
tice 14—12: J. Dennis" October Woodcock beat
S E Portal's Gallagher. 17—14: F. A. Mc-
Comb's One Spot beat Sterl & Knowles' Wag,
4—l: J. Keenan's Royal Oak beat Kay &
Trant? Eclipse, 6—l.
Second round— Wandering Tom beat Sandow.
14—0; Lady Blanche bent Star of Cuba, 16—4;
! Rollicking" Airs beat Lady Marion. &— 3: Nancy
i R beat Belle of Anderson, 13—7; Royal Buck
I beat Victor. 10—8; Petn>n!u9 beat M/xinliKht.
j 10-2; Random Aim beat Bryan. S— s; Ida beat
I O X Capital, S— 2; Hawker beat Nonpareil.
7—5: Tic Tac beat Risky Attempt. S— s; Oc
tober Woodcock beat Lady Garnet, 9—. ; Royal
Oak beat One Spot. It— l 2.
Third round— Wand-rlnp Tom beat Lady
Blanche, B—6; Rollicking Airs beat Nancy R,
9 — l: Royal Buck beat Petronlua, 2—l: Ida beat
Random' Aim. s—o; Hawker beat Tjc Tac, 6— o;
October Woodcock beat Royal nak. S— 6.
Fourth round -Wand»rinp Tom beat Rollick
ing Airs. 10—1: Ida beat Ro>al Buck, 6—2;
Hawker beat October Woodcock, S— o.
Fifth round-Ida beat Wandering Tom, 6—3;
Hnwker a bye.
Fintil— lda won (Hawker withdrawn).
UNION PARK COURSING.
The card at Union Coursing Park for
Saturday and Sunday is an open stake
for which an excellent quality of entries j
has been received. The total prize money
is $1030, of which $130 goes to the winner.
There are also two special prizes of $10
each. The draw last night resulted as fol
lows:
Open stake. SS ' dogs— J. .Mooney's Silent
Treasure VS. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist;
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured vs. T. J. Mclner ;
ney's Johnny It; George Whitney" s Ttieron vs.
Manor & Reid's Pat Reilly: Ed Wilson* Mag
net vs. J. Perry's Commodore Nash; T. J. Mc-
In«rney's Tommy Rex vs. Ous Abercrombie's
Irma: Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin vs. J. |
Perry's Red Wings; W. H. Jones' Terronite vs. I
Ed Evatt's Hurricane; R. E. de B. Lopez's ;
Wadena vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Ann; J.
Rodgers' Willie Brannan vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Athena; Curtis .V- Son's Commodore vs. Gus
Abercrombie's Victor King; Lande & Gerber's
Onward vs. William Healey's Skylight; A.
Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Rocker; Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller vs.
I. M. Hal too' I (names) Lavender; R. E. de B.
Lopez's Sara vs. Russell. Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma; A Massey*! Hadiwist vs. J. Jones'
Moonlight; E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron vs. R.
Pi-Ingle's Honor Bright: J. Maher's Benlcia Boy
vs J. Hurley's Star of Cuba; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Daisy < ' 1 i r vs. J. O'Shea's Young
America; Curtis & Son's Cash vs. Aeneid Ken
nels' Pretender: T. J. Cronin's Depend on Me
vs Pasha Kennels' Metallic; T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill vs. D. Ford's Anita: D. J. Healey's
Rusty Gold vs. D. Ford's Juanita; F. C. Mack's
Delia M vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder; J.
Dickson's Black Bess vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's
St. Anthony; Curtis & Son's Beacon vs. J. Sou
gerson's Candelerla: A. Johnson's Lowlander
vs. D. J. Healey's Maori Land: Curtis & Son's
Maud S vs. S. E. Portal's Laurel wood; J.
O'Shea'S Golden Gate (Tiger Lily) vs. P. J.
Reilly's Warship; D. J. Healey'a O'Hara vs. C.
Wiley's Gaslight: H. W. Hike's Nancy R vs.
Gus Abercrombie's Miss Richmond; H. A.
Deckelman's Snap Shot vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Bona Pea: W. H. Jones' Rustan vs. J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman; T. J. Mclnerney"s Regina
R vs. W. H. Shear's Fury: J. E. Cohen's Red
Glen vs. P. .T. Reilly's Still True; R. L. Tay
lor's Mose vs. Mnher & Reid's Nellie Bawn; J.
Eagan's Fin McCool vs. J. Hurley's O. K. Cap
ital; Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez's Wanda: Gus Abercromhie's Rock
Island Boy vs. F. C. Mack's Black Pattl: Pan
O'Connell's Satan vs. Handy & Smith's Petro
nlus; P. J. Healey's Amarosa vs. Curtis &
Son's Cavalier; Handy ft Smith's Magic vs. J.
Kerrigan's Conqueror: T. J. Mclnerney'f- Nora
vs. J. Dean's Gallant: Curtis ft Son's McKin
ley vs. S. E. Portal's Gallagher: R. E. de B.
Lopez's Whltehead vs. A. Johnson's Tod Sloan.
PIRATES MAKE IT
THREE STRAIGHT GAMES
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....96 44 .685 Chicago 73 72 ..'OS
Boston 91 53 .631 PHtsburg ...73 72 .503
Philadelphia 91 53 .623 (Louisville ...72 73 .496
Baltimore ...S3 f>B .688 I New Y0rk. ..66 85 .397
St Louis £2 65 .657! Washington 50 95 .344
Cincinnati ..77 64 .546 1 Cleveland ...20 127 .136
ST LOUIS, Oct. 4.— The Pirates played way
above their speed to-day and made it three
straight with the Perfectos. Hnffer pitched in
good form, while Thomas, who replaced Cuppy,
was invincible. Attendance 275. Score:
Clubs- R - H. E.
Ft. Louis ♦ ? 5
PlttFburK 8 11 3
Batteries — Cuppy, Thomas and O'Connor;
Hotter and Bchri/er. Umpires— O' Day and Mc-
Donald.
CHICAGO. Oct. 4.— To-day's game was a
pitchers' battle, in which Garvin kept his hits
scattered, while Flaherty's were bunching, th"
Orphans only hitting safely in two innings and
scoring In each. Attendance 250. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville • 3 7 2
Chicago 4 6 3
Batteries— Flaherty and Trimmer: Garvin and
Donahoe. Umpires— Latham and Connelly.
BOSTON. Oct. 4.— Carrlck's slow ones seemed
to suit, the Boston batsmen to-day, for they
managed to line them out when hits were need
ed. Doyle was injured while sliding to the plate
in the second inning and retired in favor of
Wilson. Attendance 350. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Boston : • 6 9 4
New York 4 8 5
Batteries— and Sullivan: Carrick and
Warner. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 4.— Kltson's wlldnese,
combined with poor support at short, gave to
day's (in me to the Phillies. Delehanty was re
tired for continuous kicking. Attendance 1126.
Score
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 7 8 3
Baltimore 5 6 3
Batteries— Orth and Douglass; Kitson and
Smith Umpires— Manapsau and Snyder.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 4.— Poor base-running
lost the game for the Washlngtons. The only
score they made was Freeman's home run, his
twenty-fifth this season. The game was called
on account of darkness. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs— r R. H. E.
Washington 17 1
Brooklyn 5 9 1
Batteries— McOee and Kittredge; Kennedy
and Farrell. Umpires — Emslle and Dwyer.
■ ♦ ■ ,
Pennsylvannia Wins.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 4.— The Buck
nell University football team astonished
the University of Pennsylvania team to
day by twice scoring, though Pennsyl
vania's victory was decisive, 47 to 10.
Pennsylvania played a miserable game
In the first half. The men constantly
fumbled, and their defense and Interfer
ence was ragged.
For More Sports See Page 4.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 8.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 4.
Stmr Rf%al, Walvig, 44 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Ruth. Lundquist, 47 hours from Coos
Bay; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 44 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford 36 hours.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman, 92 hours from Seattle.
■ Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 91 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 19H hours from Eureka. j
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Progreso, Gilboy. S6 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage, 6814 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Bark Harvester, Gruner, 16 days from Kar- ;
I luk.
Schr Neptune, EBtvold, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr W F Jewett, Johnson, 16 days from
Unga.
Schr Glendale, Johnson, 12 days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October 4.
Stmr Marlposa, Haywards, Honolulu and
Sydney; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr State -of California, Gage, Astoria;
i Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Xanaimo; R
I Dunsmuir's Sons.
Nor Btmr Tellus, Pederson, Nanaimo; R
Duntsmutr's Sons.
SAILED.
Wednesday, October 4.
Stmr Ruth. Lundquist, southern coast.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfteth, Crescent City.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Taeoma.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanaimo.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Nanaimo.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Nanaimo.
• Bark Coryphcne, Erickson, Port Angeles.
Bktn Ruth, Olsen, Kahului.
Scar Ralph J Long. Isigkeit. Albion.
Schr Webfoot, Mercer, Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Free Trade, Thorsen, Netarts.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Anfindsen, Hardy
Creek.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Lending.
Schr A M Baxter. Marshall, Seattle.
Schr Occidental. Roslch. Eureka.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct 4— Br ship Scottish Hills, from
Port Blakeley for Calcutta, spoken damaged
120 miles from Sand Heads.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 4, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 4— Schr
I Bangor, from Honolulu for Seattle.
Sailed Oct 4— Schr Spokane, for Japan: Nor
stmr Aker. for Buencs Ayres; bark Carondelet,
for San Francisco..
TILLAMOOK BAY — Arrived Oct 3— Schr
Anna, hence Sept IS. Oct Schr Maggie C
I Russ. from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct Stmr Luella, for San Fran
cisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Oct 4— Schr Ma
weeßUk, from Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 3— Schr Mary
E Rubs, for San Francisco; schr Beulah, for
San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 4— Schr Peerless,
from Port Blakeley.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 4— Br stmr Queen
Adelaide, from Htogo; U S stmr McCulloch,
from Alaska.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 4— Bktn Willie
R Hume, from Manila.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Oct Schr Repeat,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 4— Stmrs Weeott and
South Coast, hence Oct 2.
Sailed Oct. Schr Sparrow, for San Fran- ,
Cisco. !
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 4— Schr .Monterey, for
San Francisco.
OLYMPIA- Sailed Oct 4— Brig Courtney Ford,
for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 4— Stmr George Loo
mis, heice Oct 3.
Sailed Oct 4 Stmr George Loomis, for San
Francisco.
P€)RT LOS ANGELE3— SaiIed Oct 4— Stmr
Greenwood, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAKU— Sept 16— Bark Guy C Goss,
from Port. Townsend.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 4— ship Iver
' na, for Antwerp.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 15— Schr .Jessie
Minor, from Eureka: Br stmr Lennox, from
Yokohama. Sept 16— Stmr Columbia, hence
Sept 8. Sept 17— H R M stmr Egoria, from
cable cruise south; bark Annie Johnson, hence
Sept 31. Sept IS— Jap stmr Nippon Mam, hence
Sept 12; schr Olea, from Taeoma. Sept 19— i
Sehr Winslow, from Tacoma.. Sept 20— Bktn
W H Dlmond. hence Sept 2. Sept Schr A J
West, from Grays Harbor; bark Ahbie Palmer,
from Newcastle, Aus. Sept 22— Schr Golden
Gate, from Eureka. Sept 23— Bark McNear,
from Laysan Island. Sept stmr In eight to i
westward.
To sail Sept 23— Ship Obed Baxter for Japan.
Sailed Sept 16— Bark Albert, for San Fran- j
cisco; stmr Ellhu Thomsen, for Senttle; Br I
stmr Lennox, for Portland. Sept IS— Stmr Co
lumbia, for Manila. Sept 19 — Jap »tmr Nippon I
i Maru. for Yokohama: schr Eric, for Port
Townsend. Sept Bktn Amelia, for Port
Townsend; schr W F Witzemann, for Port
Townsend. Sept 22— Bktn Uncle John, for Eu- i
reka.
KAHULUI— SaiIed Sept 13— Brig Geneva, for ;
Taeoma.
HlLO— Arrived Sept 12— Haw ship Rails of i
Clyde, hence Aug 29.
NANAlMO— Arrived Oct 4— stmr Robert :
Adamson, hence Sept 29.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 4-Stmr Bovlc. for
Liverpool; stmr New York, for Southampton;
stmr Friesland, for Antwerp; stmr Teutonic,
for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE— Oct 4— Stmr Spaarn- i
S dam. from New York, for Rotterdam.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 18S9
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- •7:00. «9:30, 11:00 a. m : «l-4 S
•3-40 S:IS, 6-00. 6:30 p. m. ' Ol
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San Ra
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9 -CO and 11:30 p. m. * ■
SUNDAYS— »S:OO. '10:00. •11.-SO a. m ! •115
3:15. *4:45. 6:30, 0:00 p. m. ' 0>
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-**. 7:45, •»:40 a- m '■
•12:30, 2:15. *3:4<\ «5:15 p. m. "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, »S:00. »10:00. 'll^ a m. •
•1:40. •3:15,' 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 9:45 a. m ■
12:&5. 2:35. 3:45, &:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:06, 2:15. 3:30.
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way stations.
8:40 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and vay stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stations.
aATLROAD TBAVEL.
IOI'THKKN l»ACIFIt: COHPAHT.
(PACiriC BJSTKM.) ■'.'" ■:'.-■■•'_
Trains Ichtc nmi are 4u« to arrive ml
KAN I It*>« IS«o.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From October 2, 1899. — arrivi
•7:00 a Benicia, Biiisun and Sacramento. . . . *3:-isp
•7:00 a. Marjsville, Oro»illeaud Redding Tia
Woodland •3j45f
•7:OOa Elmira. VacaTille and Rumsey •8:50p
•7:30 a Martinez. liaiiion.Vallejo, Nap»,
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa »tt:l.lp
•S:»Oa Atlantic Express, Ogdcu and i:»at.. # 8:-15 a
■M::tUA Sau Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento. PlacerriUe,
M»ry»Til|p. Chico, Ited Itluff # 4:i»r
•S:3»a •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora M:lsp
•»:OOa Haywards, Nil. 3 and Way Stations. •! 1:45 a
•9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno •12:18*
•»:«Oa Fresno, eraiicl.l. Santa lUrlura,
Los Angeles, Drilling, El Taso,
New Orleans and East »6: J3p
•1O:OOa Vail, jo, Martinez and Way Stations •7«4»P
•1 I:O«a Hay wards, Niles and Way Stations. *t:4Sr
•l)t:OOM Xiieg, LiTermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota. lianford, Visalia,
P«rt<-nille «4:l!lp
tls»Op Sacr»incutol'irerSteiiniera f8:OOp
•3:00p Haywards, Nil. and Way Stations. »»:«p
•4:UOi' Martinet, Sail lt.-niioi,, Vallejo,' ■
* Napa, Oalistog*. Santa Uosa »Uilßa
*4tOOr Benicia, Vacaville, Hacrainonto,
Woodland, Knights landing,
Marysville, Orotillo »10:45 a
•4s3opNUes, San .loaeaud Stockton- »7:13f
•3:OOpT1io Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno.
BakersQeld, iSangus for Santa liar-
bara, Los Angeles *D:43a.
•5:30p Btockton, Merced, Fresno »12:13»
*.T:3Op Martinez, Tracy, Memlota, Fresno,
Mojava and l«s Angeles »Sj4»a
•sißOp Santa lo Itoute, Atlantic Kxpres*
forMojnvo and Kast »«:4»p
•OiOOp CUic-ijo-San Francisco Special, Og-
,le,i and K»Rt «8:50»
•8:OOp Hayn-ards, and San Jose *7i4t>A
♦ 0:«O i- Vallrlo *» 1 5?
i7:oop Vail jo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:SS»
•BiOsr Oregon lix|irpB«,S»cr«inento, Marys-
ville, Redding, Portland, I'nget
Bound and last »»:1»4
COAST IHVISION (NiirroiT Gunge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•8:15 a Newark. (Vntcrt i I S»n.loso,Fflton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations »3«3«»
tS«ISr Newark, Ceoterri'le, San Joso, New
Aliiiailen, FeltoD, Itoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations fl»»5OA
•4:15p Newark, Sun Jose, Los Gates •8:20 a,
bll:13p Hunters' Gxcurslan, San Jose and
Way Stations t?»g«r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRIKCISCO— root or Mirket Strut (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11KX)a.m. J1:00 *2:00 • $3:00
♦1:00 tS:SO *£:DOp.«i.
FromOllUßD— root of Broadway. —"fl:oo 8:00 10:00 A.if.
U2.00 *l-.00 12:00 ♦3:03 t«:00 *S:O3r.M.
COAST DIVISION (KromlCiiiirr).
(Thtr.l »nd Townseml SK)
t6:I«»A Ocean View, Booth H*n Francisco.. t«:3Op
•7:OOa San Jose m.d W»y StatluJW (New
Almailuu Wednesdays only) "ltaop
•9:00 a San .liwo, Tun Pinos, Kuiitk Cruz,
l'uriiic (irove. l'asu lt<>l>l^a, San
Luis Oliispn, Surf, Lob poc and
Principal Wny Stations MilOp
•IO:4Oa San. Toso nnd Way HUitimu *O:a.iA
•I I: SO a Baa Joso and Way StaMons •si»op
t'<i:43rSMi Marco, Kmiwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clura, Ha.ii .lose,
Tres Pinos. Santa Onix, Salinas,
Monterey »mi I'acitlc Grove f10:36A.
f:ttSOp Jose and Wnj Stutioim *7:30p
t<:!sp San Joaoand Principal Way Stations •0:45 a
1o:OOp San Jose and Trkioipal Way Stations tO:Oo A
T»:aor San.Toso and Prineinal Way Stations *8:33 a
•6:.1»p Pan Jose and Way Stations. t8:OOA
t>ll:4sp San JosranJ Way Stations «7:30p
A forMoruiug. F for Afternoon.
Daily. t Sunday exeepted. } Sunday only.
b Saturday only. •
The PA«'in<"riUNt*l''KK<:ojiPANt
wiil call far and check baggage from hotels and re«i-
dences. Enquire of Ticket Agoi.i« for Timo Cards and
otlif r information.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot oS Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
S:SO. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— £xtra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 15:45.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 5:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40. 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ' 1 Arrive
Ban Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
1 1 April 16, . j 1
Week I Sun- I*%. Sun- Week
Days. 1 days. I Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 am \ 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 am; 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, ; 6:05 pm,10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pmj Santa K.;sa. | 7:33 pmj 6:20 pm
Fulton,
,7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healcl&burg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:39 pm .8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:85 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am j Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm] 8:00 am ; Uklab. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
i 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm( | 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8:40 am
! and
5:10 pm; 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm] 6:20 pm
7:30 am; 8:00 am! Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:20 pm 5:00 pm! 17:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdile for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
L>ll Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lieriey's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. Whitesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Wlllitts. Laytonville, Cum-
rnlng's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka,
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . *
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bl<sr.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager.* - V- -, : Gen. Paps. Agent.
SanfaFeßpute
By/ 'ly
iIC I' ' " "\ »o.«*sa
CIOSANCEI£S»
iplr^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
=^ THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
'7:20 am §10:30 am Stockton 1 t3:40 pm| 6:00 pm
9:10 ami 2:05 pm Merced fl2:10 pm, 4:13 pra
10:40 am's 5:3.") pmf Fresno f9:00 ami 2:42 pm
U:3-> am { 7:45 pm Hanford t7:ooam 1:45 pm
2:25 pm 512:20 am Bakersfleld {1:00 am 11:00 am
11 :59<im :25 pm Visalla 55:20 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm| t6:53 pm Tulare i 54:25 am ['l:os pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. ' {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 62S Market St.;
Tel. Main 1521. v ; , ■; :.
Oakland Office, 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J st.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
MOUNT IAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, October 1, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KK.4BS V ST. Established
A in 15*34 for the treatment of Private
W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
m disease wearing on body and mind and
B Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
m others Try him. Churges low
K<'ui-(-«a:u»rnnlr4>d. Callorwrita
Dr. J. *'. WIBIIOJN. Box l»37.San Francisco
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
1112
DEWEY CAUSES MORE
SHIPS TO BE SENT
Upon the Advice of the Admiral
Many Additional War Vessels
Will Be Dispatched to
the Philippines.
CAT T. HEADQUARTERS. WEL-I
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, Oct 4 Admiral Dewey has
(riven his unqualified approval
of the declaration made by the
President that there shall be no falter- |
ing in maintaining tlv victory won by
him at Manila Hay. He has gone fur
immended that
the naval force In the Philippines be
materially Increased* and that all
3 possible be empl >yed in order to
crush the rebellion. This advice was
given during an extended confer
which he had with the President to
day. Concerning this conference Act
ing Secretary Allen said to-night:
"Tl ■ extended In- j
terview with Admiral Dewey to-day,
who earnestly recommended that the
Brooklyn and some other vessels
it once to the Philippines. Bydi- i
rection of the President the Secretary
of th>' Navy has Issued an order to thai
I and such vessels will be put in
readiness at once. Among others prob
ably the Marietta and Machias will be
designated."
Officially thlp is all that is paid con
cerning the interview. There is good au- I
thority, however, for the statement |
that, in making his recommendation, '
Admiral Dewey supported them with
these reasons:
Believing vvth the President that a i
vigorous policy should be pursued In
suppr. ssing the. insurrection, he thinks '
that by increasing th" force on the i
Asiatic station it will be possible to en
a stricter blockade and prevent
Bupplles and munitions of war from
reaching the insurgents.
The moral effect of the presence of
puch a formidable force as will be sent
to the Aslatio station will h<? to con
vince the insurgents of the purpose of
the administration to compel th-Mr rec
ognltion of sovereignty of the United j
Btates. Undoubtedly the administra
tion considered also the effect upon the
world at large of th~ presence of such |
i* formidable squadron, though perhaps
the admiral did not advance this as a j
reason for increasing the command,
and there is certainly nothing to indi
cate that any action contemplates the
recognition of the belligerency of Agui
naldo's government.
In addition to the three vessels desig
nated others will go. The New Orleans,
attached to the North Atlantic squad
ron; the Albany, her sister ship, near
ing completion in England; the Mono
cacy in China, which Admiral Dewey
says is seaworthy, and the Nashville,
now at San Domingo, may be assigned.
There are also available for service in
the Philippines, should it be decided to
send them, the Atlanta, which has been
made over at the New York Navy
yard; the Bancroft, awaiting commis
sion at Boston; the Scorpion, now at
New York, and the Vixen, at Bluefields,
Nicaragua. All these vessels will not
■ nt. but it is intended to give Ad
miral Watson a formidable fleet, and
the ships to be sent him will be sent
from this lot. Including those captured
from the Spanish Government, Admiral
Watson's squadron now consists of
thirty-two vessels. When reinforce
m< nt arrives at Manila he will prob
ably transfer his flag to the Brooklyn.
]!-■ will then have command of one bat
tleship, one armored cruiser, two moni
tors, two protected cruisers and
twenty-four gunboats, besides supply
ships, etc.
Several members of the Cabinet be
fore leaving on the western trip to
night expressed their great satisfac
tion with the earnest support given by
TO-DAY
Bulletins
of the
COLUMBIA - SHAMROCK
Yacht Race
By
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Watch Them!
Admiral Dewey to the policy of Presi
dent McKinley to pursue a vigorous
campaign.
The admiral, It Is stated, even went
further find expressed his strong con
viction that the United States should
retain permanent control of the Philip
pines. During the interview he spoke
of the great value of the islands to the
United States from a commercial stand
point, emphasizing what many officers
have said about the immense resources
of the islands.
Concerning the future government of
the islands the admiral agreed fully
•with the views which have been ex
pressed by President Sehurman. He
said he favored American control
through the medium of a commission
or a civil governor, but great latitude
should bf> allowed for local government
<>f the Pixty or more tribes, so that the
adminstration of affairs could be ad
justed to meet their different habits
and conditions.
President Schurman was in the city
and had a conference with Secretary
Long. In nn interview he paid that the
commission would hold its first session
in this city early in November. Admiral
I'ewey is here. Colonel Denby and Pro
r Worcester are nearing San
Francipco, and Mr. McArthur, secre
tary of the commission, sailed to-day
from Yokohama bringing the records
of thf commission. The clerical force
will remain at Manila, which may indi
cate that the President will direct the
commission to return to the Philippines
before the close of the dry season.
Thf* adoption of Admiral Dewoy'a
recommendation as to Increasing the
squadron gives some token of the
Btrictness of the blockade which it is
Intended to enforce. Reports received
from Hear Admiral Watson since Ad
miral Dewey's departure from Manila
show that rice and hemp have appre
ciated in value 330 per cent and that in
return for the exports of these products
munitions of war are being received by
the insurgents.
The fact as to the long coast line of
Luzon and the ease with which goods
may be landed in one island and
transported to another has been fully
explained to the officials and this has
made the Pr< Bident more ready to fol
low the admiral's advice. It is appar
ently not Intended to proclaim a for
mal blockade, but rather to enforce a
local blockade, which will prevent it
from assuming international signifi
cance.
DEWEY DETACHED
FROM THE OLYMPIA
WASHINGTON, Oct. Admiral j
Dewey went to see Secretary Long
early to-day to talk over his plans far;
the Immediate future.
Secretary Long promptly gave notice
that the department was willing to j
give him perfect 'liberty to do as he j
pleased. The admiral was therefore at
his instance detached formally from
the Olyxnpia after this date. He tele- i
graphed the executive officer at Tomp- j
kinsville to haul down his flag, and thus I
terminated his connection with the j
cruiser which for more than two years j
has been his home.
In accordance with projects already j
planned, the admiral will go to Ver- ]
mont Monday as the guest of W. ]
Seward "Webb, Shellburn Farms, near |
Burlington.
After a reception at the State Capi
tol, on the 13th inst., he will go .to Bos
ton to attend the reception there in his
honor on the 14th inst. The Olympia
will meanwhile have arrived at that j
place, for her orders, issued to-day, j
are to proceed at once from New York !
to Boston to be put out of commission
and be extensively repaired.
After the Boston ceremonies Admiral j
Dewey is expected to return to Wash- :
ington to meet his colleagues of the ,
Philippine Commission. Secretary Long
to-day said that the admiral's time
probably would be fully occupied in
the deliberations of the commission for
some months to come, and meanwhile,
in order to leave him free for this work,
he will not be assigned to any naval I
duties. Further than this point the ,
department has not yet undertaken to
define Its plans for Admiral Dewey 's j
future.
PLANNING A TRIP
TO THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Oct. 4.— lt developed
to-day that Admiral Dewey is planning
a Western trip this fall that will take
in Chicago and extend to the Pacific
Coast. The fact was not made known
in the formal exchange of compliments
between the admiral and the Chicago
committee, but he informed General
Anderson that he was expecting to
make such a trip. It is supposed the
tour will be made in November.
Senator Proctor discussed the pro
poppd trip with considerable interest
nnd said it would be quite elaborate
and in the nature of a continental tour.
BLOCK DESTROYED
AT HALFMOON BAY
HALFMOON BAT, Oct. 4. — Fire
started in the one-story block belonging
to E. Schubert to-night and for a time
threatened the entire business section
of the city.
The Call will to-day repeat !£
its achievement of Tuesday A
last Watch the wireless tel-
egraphy bulletins of the sec- A
end of the international races .L
for the America cup. They A
will be prominently displayed
in front of the business office A
of The Call.
The two-story dwelling occupied by
Mrs. Rock, E. Schubert's saloon and the
barber shop of A. Brun were totally de
stroyed.
The fire was caused by a lamp which
Mrs. Schubert accidentally dropped.
The loss is about $5000.
STRIKE OF MACHINISTS
ON CANADIAN PACIFIC
Men Object to a Gradual Reduction
of Pay and Walk
Out.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. 4.— The gen
eral strike r.f machinists on the Canadian
Pacific Railway from Fort William to
Vancouver began this morning, when the
mechanics of the focal shops went out on
strike. This action was taken on orders
telegraphed from Winnipeg, and is said
to Include all mechanics on this division,
numbering from 360 to 4<>:i men. The men
state th;it they v.-ill bo joined by all their
fellows in thf East, and that from ocean
to ocean Canadian Pacific shops will be
closed. A gradual reduction of pay is
given as a reason for the strike-.
General Superintendent Marpole of the
Canadian Pacific states that nothing is
known here of the matter except that the
men are out. The trouhln comes from
Winnipeg and in sympathy with that
point the local men have quit work.
MURDER COMMITTED BY
DISAPPOINTED LOVER
Having Killed the Bride and Groom,
the Murderer Thereupon Takes
His Own Life.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 4.-A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Montgomery. Mo
says:
News has Just been received of the mur
d. !i o K.?l nk nY alker and hl9 newl >' mar
ried bride by Chris kankin, a disappointed
lover, who then killed himself.
A child was seriously wounded by th«
shots that killed the couple. All con
cerned in the tragedy are prominent resi
dents or Montgomery County.
Self-respect is on good terms with the
Old Government Whisky. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1899.
BOERS NOW THREATEN
THE NATAL FRONTIER
Transvaal Situation Is Considered Most Critical
and England Is Preparing to Send
an Increased Army.
LONDON, Oct. 5.— A special dispatch from Newcastle, Natal, dated
Wednesday, says; The Boers have left the laager at Volksrust and are moving
toward the frontier. The situation is most critical. The magistrates and muni
cipal officers have assembled in the Town Hall to concoct measures for the defense
of the town against an expected attack. All the women and children have been
ordered to leave for the interior of Natal.
LONDON, Oct. 4. — The most inter
esting announcement in connec
tion with the Transvaal crisis to
day is that the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, Kight Plon. Sir Mich
ael Hicks-Beach, lias already sanc
tioned the provisional expenditure of
£3.000,000, and that the Government
will not exceed that limit without au
thority from Parliament, which will be
asked to vote a cum not exceeding
£8,000,000.
A meeting of the War Board to-day
discussed and drew up arrangements to
insure the safety of the route from
Durban to Laings Neck, so that large
bodies of troops may, on disembarka
tion, be rapidly forwarded up the coun
try to the front without confusion or
crowding at the base.
It is stated to-night that the War
Office has decided that the army corps
for service in South Africa shall be
much larger than originally estimated,
and that it now consists of over 40.000
men. The preparations for the dispatch
of this force, including the chartering
of big ocean liners, is steadily and sat
isfactorily proceeding.
The Press Association learns that the
dispatch drawn up by the Cabinet on
Friday was still unsent up to this even
ing.
On the other hand, a telegram from
Brussels gives from "a well informed j
source" the news that Dr. Leyds, the |
representative in Europe of the South <
African Republic, has received con
firmation of the report that President
Kruger had addressed an ultimatum to
Great* Britain demanding the with- j
drawal of the British forces from the
frontier within forty-eight hours, and
that it was delivered on Monday. This
report, however, still lacks official con
firmation.
The confidence of the military au
thorities is shown by a dispatch re
-1 to-night from Cape Town, which
states that at a conference of the mili
tary authorities there and General Sir
Stewart White, V. C, who will com
mand the British forces in Natal, and
Lieutenant General Sir Frederick
Walker, held to consider the situation.
General White expressed himself as
confident that the British would be
able to present a force sufficient to re
pel any attack. General White, who
intended to go to Durban on board a
warship, has now, in order to save
time, abandoned the. idea and will go by
■train to-night.
.A line steamer left Lourenzo Mar
ques, Delagoa Bay, to-day with 1200
Rand refugees. Large numbers were
left behind, and all trains are crowded
with those taking part in the exodus
from the Transvaal.
A dispatch from the Volksrust says
that the Boer camp on the Natal border
comprises 8000 men and is growing
daily. The camp breathes a religious
Does Your
Baking Powder
Contain
ftlum?
Prof. Geo. F. Barker, M.D., University of Perm.: "All
the constituents of alum remain (from alum baking powders) in
the bread, and the alum itself is reproduced to all intents and
purposes when the bread is dissolved by the gastric juice in the
process of digestion. I regard the use of alum as highly injurious."
Dr. Alonzo Clark : "A substance (alum) which can de-
range the stomach should not be tolerated in baking powder."
Prof. W. G. Tucker, New York State Chemist: : " I believe
it (alum) to be decidedly injurious when used as a constituent of
food articles."
Prof. S. W. Johnson, Yale College: "I regard their
(alum and soluble alumina salts) introduction into baking pow-
ders as most dangerous to health."
In view of such testimony as this,
every care must be exercised by
the housewife to exclude the over
and over condemned cheap, alum
baking powders from the food.
Baking powders made from cream of tartar, which is highly
refined grape acid, arc promotive of health, and more efficient.
No other kind should be used in leavening food. Royal Baking
Powder is the highest examnlc of a pure cream of tartar powder.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO* NEW YORK.
■
BLOEMFONTEIN, Oct. 4.—
The Government publishes a tele
gram from Boshof, stating that
the British forces have crossed
the border and that fighting has
commenced.
Another telegram says the
troops have crossed the border,
but that no fighting has oc
curred.
The Government discredits the
report.
fervor. The commissariat arrange
ments, the dispatch says, are defective.
One of the largest corps lay In the
veldt without shelter during a heavy
thunderstorm.
Commandant General Joubert Is mo
mentarily expected to assume command
of the Boer forces.
The most sensational news from
South Africa this morning is a reitera
tion of yesterday's report of the ac
quisition by the Transvaal authorities
of £500,000 in gold, which was on the
way to Cape Town from Johannesburg.
The confirmation of the story comes
from two sources. The Cape Argus as
serts that the Boers made the seizure
at Vereeningen, the amount being the
week's shipment of gold on the way
from the Rand to Cape Town,
and forwarded the treasure to
Pretoria. The report Is also con
firmed by a cablegram received to
day by a mining company in London
from their representative, which is to
the effect that the train upon which he
was traveling from Johannesburg to
Cape Town was held up and looted by
Boers, who secured £300,000 in gold,
the amount being considerably less
th;in the original estimate.
There is a well authenticated report
that a large force of Boers is assembled
at Selik at the junction of the Crocodile
and Pongolo rivers, evidently with the
object of destroying the railway.
A special dispatch from Pretoria says
the Transvaal Government has seized
gold to the value of £SOO,OOO. which is
now lodged in the state mint. The
Government, the dispatch adds, will
indemnify the banks to which the gold
is consigned.
The Daily Mail's correspondent at
Lourenzo Marques reports that her
Majesty's ship Philomel has gone to
Durban for the purpose of landing 100
men and a gun. Commenting editor
ially on the foregoing dispatch the
Daily Mail says it considers that the
action reported indicates great dajiger.
"The admiralty," says the Dally Mail,
"would not countenance such a move
ment except in circumstances of un
usual emergency, and thinks it proba
ble that other British warships are
converging silently upon the theater of
action.
The Daily Chronicle's correspondent
at Cape Town, telegraphing under date
of Tuesday, says: "For the first time
| in several months J. H. Hofmeyer, the
Afrikander leader in Cape Colony, and
'Sir Alfred Milner, British Commission
er for South Africa and Governor of
Cape Colony, met to-day in conference.
An unconfirmed report is in circulation
I that Mr. Hofmeyer has been intrusted
with an imperia.l mission to Pretoria.
JOUBERT NOW LEAVES
IT ALL WITH GOD
LONDON, Oct. s.— The following dis
patch from a correspondent, who has
been at Bloemfontein and Pretoria, has
been telegraphed to the ChronicIe
"CHARLBSTOWN (under Majuba
Hill), Tuesday.— I have just crossed the
frontier in a truck which was placed a.t
my disposal by Commandant General
Jouhert, who reached the frontier to
day and is staying in the. main Boer
camp on the Rand River. I had a lone
talk with General Joubert in the truin.
He said he deeply regretted the im
pending war, which he had done his ut
most to avoid. He wonders that Queen
Victoria never answered the letter he
addressed to her on the situation.
"I notice everywhere a general devo
tion to the Queen and a pathetic belief
that she will stop the war. General
Joubert still believes in a South African
confederacy under an English protso
torate and attributes the present crisis
to Cecil Rhodes and Mr. Chamberlain.
His last words to me were: "I leave it
now to God. It may be his will that the
Transvaal shall perish. 1 can only do
my part.'
"The general was enthusiastically
welcomed at the Boer camp. The Boer's
are undisciplined and unorganized and
their ambulance arrangements are very
defective; but the commissariat is fair
ly good. A majority of the Boers are
unwilling to fight, but are quietly con
fident. They will overrun Natal, attack
ing it from both sides in the neighbor
hood of lngogo or Lady Smith.
•"The Boers are much afraid of lyd
dite shells and dumdum bullets. All the
untrained men are mounted. They
maintain a high reputation for shoot
ing. They have no uniform. All com
plain bitterly of being compelled to
leave their wives and children and
farms at the mercy of the Kaffirs.
There is much confusion in the camp.
Heavy rains have deluged the lands
and blocked the roads, and horses, oxen
and tents are mixed up together. The
men are seen arguing with their offi
cers, but there is no excitement or
loose firing. It is difficult to say ex
actly, but 1 suppose there are 6000 men
in the Rand River laager and others
are continuing to arrive. The horses
are in excellent condition. I only saw
five guns— of a heavy French pattern
The heliograph is constantly working
on the hills.
"Despite the heavy rain the grass is
Hales.
the use of handkerchiefs
school aprons
the time has gone by when aprons j
can profitably be made at horne — we
Bell the aprons for about what the
material would cost you; here are
two new lots, of good material and
well made.
children's school aprons of white'
checked nainsook, round yoke with
nainsook ruffle; yoke and armlets;
edged with narrow lace; all sizes,
for children 3 to 12 years; Hale's
price A 39c
children's blue and brown ging-
ham aprons, good quality, soft fin-
ished gingham, in small apron
checks, fast colors, round yoke, with
neat ruffle, narrow white lace edge
around yoke and armlets, for «*>■?
S to 12 years; Hale's price 48c
3 house helps
flannelettes of good quality in light
colorings, stripes and checks in pinks
and blues 5o yard
16 dozen comforters, full size,
figured silkoline covered, white cot-
ton filled and wool knotted. OSc each
300 pair lace curtains, in white and
ecru, 3V4 yards long, overlock corded,
edge $1 pair
3 things to
remember
handkerchiefs perfumed free with
Hudnut's perfume this week.
embroidering taught frpe in our
ladies' parlor every day this week,
9 to 12.
fall catalogue, finest ever issued, 1
ready to mail.
men's underwear
men's heavy ribbed cotton under-!
shirts, slightly fleeced, overcast'
seams; come in blue and white
stripe, solid blue and ecru; good,
serviceable garments; in all siz^s..
45<" each
still dry and all the forage and wood
required must be supplied from a dis
tance. The country, both open and
rocky, is well suited to the operations
of Irregular cavalry. There are no Eng
lish troops here except one outpost,
which is stationed at Majuba Hill. But
I am allowed to telegraph information
as to the movements of English troops.
The Boers deprecate the peneral panic
among the English in the Transvaal as
if they were savages. They have con
structed a few earthworks to defend the
railway and hold a good technical posi
tion. They complain, however, of the
lack of locomotives and the difficulty of
working a signal line."
SKELETON IS
NOT DUNHAM'S
Seen in Salinas After
the Murders.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 4.— Sheriff T,angford
is satisfied that the bones discovered
in the Pacheco hills by Cyclist Fred
Keener were not Dunham's, but that
the sextuple murderer of the McGlincy
family got safely out of Santa Clara
County.
Several months ago a report was pub
lished that a Mrs. Bushnell, living in
the remote hills of Monterey County,
had seen Dunham about a week after
the murders. This has been verified by
Sheriff Keefe of Monterey County, who
called on Sheriff Langford to-day. Mrs.
Bushnell lives on Arroyo Seco, in the
coast range, between Soledad and
Paraiso Springs. It is a remote sec
tion and for weeks at a time the fam
ily is without outside communication.
She knew Dunham for several years.
He had hunted in the section and
stopped at her house. Shortly after the
murders he showed up at her house. He I
had a gun with him and was apparently I
on a hunting trip. His conversation
was rational and this completely upsets
the theory that he was crazy. Dunham
stayed at the house all day and all
night and left the next morning without
mentioning destination. Several weeks
after Mrs. Bushnell heard of the mur
ders. ;■'/*■; •■'■;
Mrs. Bushnell Is highly respected and
stands high in the community, and
both Sheriffs I.anpford and Keefe are
convinced that her statement is correct.
BALL IN HONOR OF
THE PORTUGUESE UNION
SANTA CRT T Z, Oct. 4.— The armory' was
a blaze of light to-night at the grand ball
given in honor of the Grand Council of
the Portuguese Union. The hall was dec
orated profusely with festoons of bunt
ing, silk flags and flags of the order. The
grand marcn was led by Grand President
V. T. Braga and wife of San I^andro.
Manuel Mitchell of Santa Cruz Council
No. 12 was floor manager and A. S. Mar
tinho of San Francisco Council No. 3 as
sistant. The floor committee was: F. J.
Matthews of Oakland No. 25, A. M. Mar
tin of Watsonville No. 12, J. L. Silveria
of Santa Cruz ~Ko. 31. M. T. Freitas of
Hollister No. 2, J. Valladao of Oakland
No. 13, Matthew Maciel of Santa Cruz No.
31. Ball committee— Dr. W. R. Congdon
Edwafd A. Cook. J. L.. Silveria, Manuel
Mitchell and Joe P. Ln-»ea.
A new and elaborat 14 "al was adopted
at to-day's session ot .c Grand Council.
To-morrow, after the installation of the
newly elected officers, a picnic and barbe
cue will be held.
FRENCH OFFICERS
MAY BE ARRESTED
T-OXDON, Oct. 5.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Mail say« it ia
rumored that General Roget, former sub
chief of the Fourth Bureau of the general
staff; M. Godfrey de Cavaignae. former
Minister of War, and M. Quesnay de
Beaurepaire, former president of the civil
section of the Court of Cassation, will be
arrested on the charge of conspiring
against the republic.
It is stated that Judge Grosjean. General
Roget, M. Cavaignae. M. de Beaurepaire,
one of General Mercier's sons, the Novel
ist "(Typ"' (Countess de Janville) and oth
ers met in February and discussed a pro
posnl to seize the "palace of the Elysee
upon the day of President Faure's fune
ral, declare n plebesdt&ry republic and
Install M. Cavaignae as President.
On General Roget's suggestion, however,
It was decided to postpone the attempt
until M. Faure should have been buried.
Jute Mill Closed.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Oct. 4— The
main shaft in the jute mill broke yester
day afternoon, necessitating the closing
down of the mill for a week. The accident
at this time is singxfarly unfortunate on
account of the large number of orders
filed for grain bags. The break occurred
at the same point during Mr. Halt's in
cumbency and was originally due to the
crystallization of the shaft.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 334 Post St. •
Hales.
did not become common in
England until the 17th cen-
tury; continental Europe con-
siderably later.
to-day every one uses hand-
kerchiefs ; to-day Hale's hand-
kerchiefs meet every use and
purpose they can be put to —
practical or artistic.
200 dozen ladies' hemstitched all-
pure linen embroidered initial hand-
kerchiefs each 15c
750 boxes children's good quality
colored border initial handkerchiefs,
three in a box box 25c
100 dozen gents' plain and initial
Japanese silk handkerchiefs
each sOc
ladies' fine : hemstitched all-linen
handkerchiefs; an extra value at...
each 2Oc
our line of ladies' real duchesse
lace handkerchiefs of fine quality
ranges in price from
each 91.25 to $10.00
new suits and capes
new tailor suits, just received, of
gray, blue and brown; tight-fitting
jackets; skirts silk lined throughout.
.... $27.50, $30.00 and $35.00
new electric seal and black astra-
khan capes, just in, 20 to 30 inches
long $15 to 950
24 new plaid separate skirts, new
style, well made and lined with
percaline; velveteen bound; perfect
fitting * $3.60
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
3-Day Specials I
Since man has grown to believe that the
morninß cup of coffee is necessary to his
well being— let him have what Is really
good. It Is made In "Ideal" Coffee Pots.
LUNCH TONGUE, Mb. tin 20c
Choicest brands In the market.
GRAPE 'NUTS", pkg 12*5
The preat brain and nerve food.
Regularly 15c.
COAL OIL, 5-gal!on can $1.00
Ideal brand— best and safest.
Regular price $1 15.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL qt. hot 50c
Imported from Italy.
Regular price 80c. ''. '.r-
WASHING POWDER, 10 pkgs 25c
Babbitt's saves labor.
Regular price, 6 for 25c.
WHISKEY, bot. 75c, 3 bots $2.00
Gallon $3.00
K. C. Berry Bourbon,
Spring '90— straight goods.
Regular price $1 00 and $4 00.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST..
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
St.. near Market. T«l»Bhon« Wtlt 152.
Telephone Main 5532.
I You Can Pay Cash or Little-at-a-Time
I SUPERIOR SECOND-HAND
UPRIGHT PIANOS.
AND A FEW SQUARES.
— — * j
We are quoting prices on these
instruments that mean a saving
to you of from 100 to 200 per cent
on usual prices. <
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 MISSION STREET,
flbove Slxtb-
Fhcne South 14. Open Ereningi.
fjW^ >^^ TK '* va: ti*f % "'' r ' J * K>:B;:^^*'~'"- T^ J " I '"* '^^^^iiTiinTiffiß
Bohemian Glassware.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down,
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importing. Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere,
xoo Stores-
d vissv OR JORDAN great
{HUSEUH OF ANATOMY'
7 Cm 1051 UASE£7 ST. tot. 6*Jxi7th, S.P.CtI. A
\ Ejf The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
9 <«^%2a ?'°" d - We , ak . lie? r es or *"y «»»"»cted i
«. )rtS'2SVI d:s "'' c P"» i ««»«-'y«-iirBd hyth- oldest ™
* JH.3I i> P" lall;>t< " nthc: Co»st Est. 36 years- "' #
d fjlf J DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
a F^C^iyM Trillin"''"' 011 *"* and strirtV private \
0 1 W«H Tr«iiment personally or by letter A 4
IIIf 11 I P °," n " Cur " I >««yc«se undertaken. * f
9v II Iff «.«- te for . Book - »-osoi»aY «r i
A ii Jl "'"able book for mailed fkeb. (AT
7OR JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
Weekly Gall sl.o9 DerYear