VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 153.
SILENCING BIG BOER GUNS COSTS
THE LIVES OF MANY TROOPS
Shelling of Ladysmith Causes the
Combined British Forces Under
General White to Sally Forth
and Attack the Enemy.
Losses Are Heavy on Both Sides, and the British
Are Again Puzzled by the Tactical Skill of
Joubert's Men--Mules and Guns Fall Into
the Hands of Boers.
LONDON, Oct. 31. — There is considerable speculation in London as to the strength
of the opposing forces at Ladysmith. The British have 15,000 men. With regard to the Boer
force the estimates van*. The Morning Post says 30,000, the Standard 18,000 and the Daily
Mail 17.000.
The Standard summarizes the news as follows: "General White's official estimate of
the Boer loss at Glencoe is 500 killed and wounded. All doubt as to the guns captured at
Glencoe is set at rest by General White's statement that three Boer guns were dismounted or
disabled and left at the top of the hill. The Boers have succeeded in capturing 1500 mules,
which is a serious loss in a country where beasts of burden are difficult to obtain."
LONDON, Oct. 31. — The
Daily Telegraph has the
following account of the
Ladysmith engagement from its
special correspondent at the
front :
"An indecisive reconnoissance
rred to-day. General Sir
George Stewart White advanced
before daybreak with all the
available forces from Ladysmith,
moving toward Tintavon. Two I
brigades were under Colonels lan
Hamilton and Howard, and an
■•neral Archibald j
Hunter, went toward Buhnvan,
while two regiments, guided by
Major A dye, marched on our ex
-• left beyond the old camp.
"The Boers were found to be
in great force at all points. Al
though we have seven batteries of
artillery, their fire failed entirely
to crush that of the enemy until
our infantry, the Fifth Lancers.
pluckily rode across the enemy's
front and feigned a retreat. 1 his,
however, failed to entice the en
emy out, the Boers only replying
-with a shell fire.
"This flank attack so developed
that Colonel Hamilton had to re
rce our right with three bat
teries and the Gordon Highland
the Devonshire regiment
and- the Manchester regiment
Intervals. Our artillery then
changed front, and a severe artil
duel ensued, the guns gener
ously supporting the reinforcing
they advanced.
"Two batteries remained in ac
against the twelve-pounder,
and quick-firers of the naval con
tingent came into action. The
enetny had field pieces, machine
and a twelve-pounder. Gen
eral White in the afternoon with
drew his forces upon Ladysmith.
WHITE'S REPORT OF THE
BATTLE WITH THE BOERS
British Commander of the Troops at Ladysmith
Practically Admits That He Sustained
Heavy Losses
LONDON, Oct an.— Tb* War Office here has received a dispatch which says General White has foupht an engage
ment, presumaViiy with Genera] Joubert's forces, which wore pushed hack after several hours' fighting. The British lost
about 100 m»n and the Boer losses were much greater. The Boers were in grreater number and had better artillery.
General White's dispatch, which was dated 4:30 p. m. to-day, read:
"I .-mployed all the troops here except the obligatory garrison before the works. I sent a mountain
battery, the Royal Irish Fusileers and the Gloucesters to take up a position on the hills to clear my left
flank. The J orce moved at 11 o'clock yesterday evening, and during some night firing, the battery mules
6tampeded with some of the guns, which, however, I hope to recover. These two battalions have not yet re
turned, but they are expected this afternoon.
"I detailed two brigade divisions of field artillery and five battalions of infantry aided by cavalry un
der General French to attack a position upon which the enemy yesterday mounted guns. We found this position
evacuated, but our force was attacked with considerable vigor with what I believe were General Joubert's
troops. They had many guns and showed in great numbers. Our troops were all in action and we pushed the
enemy back several miles, but did not succeed in reaching his laager. Our losses are estimated at between 80
and 100, but those of the enemy must have been much greater, the fire of our guns appearing very effective.
"After being in action several hours I withdrew the troops, and they returned unmolested to their
cantonments. The enemy are in great number, and their guns range further than our fiejd guns.
"I now have some naval guns which have temporarily silenced and I hope will permanently dominate
the enemy's best juns, with which he has been "bombarding the town at a range of over 6000 yards.
The San Francisco Call.
The losses on the Boer side were
considerable."
LADYSMITH, Oct. 30.— Fir
ing commenced at 5 o'clock this
morning, the Boers shelling
Ladysmith with forty-pounders.
An advance of the British
forces was made at dawn, with
the object of shelling the Boers
from the position where yester
day they had mounted a number
!of guns. On reaching the spot,
however, it was found that they
had evacuated the position.
The British continued to ad
vance, and the movement devel
oped into a reconnoissance in :
force. The enemy were posted
on a range of hills having a front
age of about sixteen miles. The
i British force -was disposed in the
following order: On the right,
three regiments of cavalry, iour
batteries of the Royal Field Ar
tillery and five battalions of infan
try; in the center, three batteries
' of the Royal Field Artillery, two
regiments of cavalry and four in
fantry battalions; on the left, the
Royal Irish Fusileers, the Glou
cestershire regiment and the
Tenth Mountain Battery. This
force had been detailed to guard
the English left flank at a late
hour last night. General White's
plan of operations was that as the
movement developed the force
constituting the center, which
was disposed under cover of a
kopje about three miles from the
town, should throw itself ujx>n
the enemy, while the left flank
was being held by the Fusileers
and the Gloucesters. The scheme
was well devised but failed in ex
ecution, owing to the fact that
the Boer position which formed
the British objective had been
evacuated.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
The British artillery quickly
reduced the volume of the en
emy's fire, but the attack deliv
ered on the right flank was the
principal one, and the column
was compelled to charge. The
I Boer attack had been silenced for
a time, and the British infantry
advanced, covered by cavalry.
The enemy now began to develop
a heavy counter attack, and as
they were in great numerical su
periority General White gave or
ders for the infantry to be gradu
ally withdrawn. The movement
was carried out with great steadi
'; ness and deliberation, under cover
of the British guns, which made
excellent practice.
Some shells were thrown into
the town from the Boers forty
pounders at a range of over 6000
1 yards, but no damage was done.
The engagement lasted several ,
hours, and resulted, on the Brit
. ish side, in casualties estimated at
I from 80 to 100. The Boer losses
! must largely have exceeded this
total.
The attack was admirably de
livered by the British right, and
; Boers were fairly driven out of
one of their strongholds near
I Lombardskop. It was not pos
| sible, however, to push the sue
; cess much further, as beyond that
I point lay a long, big ridge, afford
ing every kind of natural cover.
I Of this the enemy took the fullest.
' advantage. The British shells
: failed to dislodge the Boers, and
as the infantry moved forward in
extended order they came under
I a heavy and well directed rifle
I fire, the result of which was soon
apparent.
General White, who was with
I the center, seeing that the troops
lon the right were somewhat
This pictorial map shows the positions of the Boer and British forces about Ladysmith, as told in the dispatches.
BRITISH TROOPS
WERE REPULSED
Garrison at Mafeking Made an
Unsuccessful Bayonet At
tack on Boers.
LOURENZO MARQUEZ, Delagoa Bay, Oct. 30.— A dispatch received here
to-day under date of October 28 pays General Cronje the Boer commander,
announced there that the British garrison at Mafeking made a bayonet
attack on Commandant Louw'g laager near Grandstand, but were repulsed,
leaving six dead on the field, and it was believed that many of the at
tacking party were wounded. The dispatch adds that Saturday morning
Colonel Baden-Powell asked for an armistice In order to bury the dead. Gen
eral Cronje consented to this, the Boers assisting In placing the dead in the
wacon going to Mafeking.
LONDON". Oct. 30.— The latest news from the western border has appar
ently assured the British authorities as to the ability of Mafeking and Kimber
ley to withstand assaults.
A dispatch from Fort Tuli, forwarded during the evening of October 24, an
nounced that Blackburn's force In the skirmish at Rhodes Drift killed twelve
Boers.
A Kaffir spy reported that many Boers were lying In the Drift dying. Black
burn died of his wounds on returning to Fort Tuli. Scouts there report that the
Boers are concentrating strongly on the Rhodeslan border with Maxims.
A War Office dispatch from Cape Town, dated October 26. says an armored
train under Llewellyn got within 1900 yards of the Boer laager, three miles south
of Crocodile port. The Boers had driven in their horses on the approach of the
train. Three Maxim volleys were discharged into the Boers, who must have
had considerable loss. They returned ten shots with no effect. Colonel Plumers
outpost had several skirmishes on the Crocodile River.
From later advices it was learned that the Llewellyn train returned to Mo
chudi, 100 miles north of Mafeking. Llewelyn reports all quiet.
pressed, sent to their assistance
the whole center column with the
exception of the Devonshire regi
ment.
The battle had then lasted four
hours, during which the artillery
fire on both sides had been almost
incessant. The Naval Brigade,
which landed at Durban, had ar
rived on the scene toward the end
of the fight, and they immediately
brought their heavy guns into
play. Their practice was magnifi
cent. At the fourth shot the en
emy's forty-pounders had been
knocked out of action.
The town is now freed from
apprehension of bombardment.
Throughout the engagement the
Boers held their ground with
courage and tenacity, and, con
sidering the intensity of the Brit
ish artillery fire, they must have
suffered severely.
DEADLY FIRE OF
THE BOER ARTILLERY
LONDON, Oct. 31.— Mr. Stevens, the war
correspondent of the Dally Mall, describ
ing the engagement at Ladysmlth, says:
"By 10 o'clock the British had driven
the Boers back several miles, when the
retirement was ordered, which Sir Arch
ibald Hunter conducted with great skill,
retiring battalion by battalion, cohering
the movement with the artillery of their
guns by alternate batteries. The Boer ar
LADYSMITH ENCIRCLED.
tlllery—field, quick firing and slegre gun*—
Immediately opened a heavy flre all
around, showing their, knowledge of war
by aiming at the guns and wagons as
they retired. Little damage was done,
however, and our operations were quite
unflurried.
"At the end of the action a bearer com
pany advanced under a Red Cross flag
to Beck the wounded and was fired upon
by the Boers, apparently through a mis
apprehension or because of want of dis
cipline since the fire soon ceased. In the
meantime the native bearers continued
their advance, their cool bravery .being
most praiseworthy. All the troops retired
In safety and pickets were left on the
field."
Except a vague reference in the Stand
ard, none of the special dispatches make
mention of the missing battalions, state
ments regarding them evidently having
been censored.
The correspondent of the Times at
Lady smith says:
"The action seemed to be proceeding
most satisfactorily when, at 7:15 a. m., the
enemy in largenumbers, with field guns,
Maxims and 37-millimeter guns, began to
develop a heavy attack on Colonel Grim
wood's infantry. The cavalry brigade
had moved #ip on our right, holding the
parallel ridge over against Colonel Grim
wood's position and practically acting as
infantry. In the meantime our batteries
kept down the siege gun fire upon Lady
smith with shrapnel. At 9 o'clock there
seemed to be a lull as our reserves moved
up, but suddenly the engagement re
opened as the enemy on our right brought
further artillery to bear. Colonel Grim
wood, who, with the three advance bat
talions, had held the ridge for five hours,
suddenly fell back across the open upon
our guns.
"The Fifty-third Battery pluckily
pushed forward* to cover this withdrawal.
Several casualties occurred at this phase.
The Fifty-third Battery held on against
a cross-fire of rifles and quick-firing guns
until the infantry was clear. The team<*
of the two guns were damaged and the
battery eventually retired, made-up teams
being sent to extricate the guns. The
.cavalry, remaining unsupported, wero
forced to fall back also.
EUROPE WILL
NOT INTERFERE
State Department ■ Fails to
Receive Word of Any
Action by Powers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, "WASHINGTON. Oct.
30.— None of the American representatives stationed at European courts
has reported anything to the State Department indicating interference by
European powers in the Transvaal war. As a matter of fact, here the
officials indorse The Call-Herald's cablegram from Paris reporting that
the several powers likely to interfere are too busily engaged elsewhere to pay at
tenttoTi to South African affairs. Besides, the mobilization of British squadrons
is undoubtedly a warning by Great Britain of her preparedness to act, and is
accepted as su^h by the powers. Of course, it is to be expected that Russia,
France and Germany are watching the situation carefully, ready to take advan
tage of anything that may result beneficially to them; but none of them, so far
as the information of the State Department indicates, has made any move of a
hostile character to Great Britain, nor is it believed they are likely to take any
action which may precipitate a general war.
No matter if Great Britain should become involved in controversies with for
eign nations growing out of the South African situation, the United States will
undoubtedly maintain an attitude of strict neutrality, provided American inter
ests are not endangered. Such an attitude would undoubtedly be of great value
to Great Britain and more valuable to the powers opposing her.
BERLIN, Oct. 30.— Emperor William's farewell message to the British Royal
Dragoons, of which regiment he is honorary colonel, on their departure for
Africa, expressing his Majesty's hope that all might return "unscathed and well."
is taken as a proof of Germany's official neutrality. One of the evening papers,
referring to the dispatch, points out its high political significance and says it
is the best answer to "pan-Germanic leagues, Anglophobia and predictions of for
eign intervention, in which Germany is to play a leading part."
The Boersen Courier says: "The repeated foreign efforts to inveigle Germany
into interfering in a- question absolutely foreign to her national interests have
palpably the sole object of discrediting her policy. Germany declines the role
of acting manager in foreign interests detrimental to her own."
"Then began a general retirement on
Ladysmith. The guns which had been
covering the Devonshire Regiment stoutly
covered the final withdrawal. The enemy
did not press, but showed themselves in
their position in great numbers, only to
find that the Naval Brigade from the
Powerful had arrived. Two quick-firing
guns were at once placed in position, un
der cover of a redoubt, and in five rounds
they silenced the enemy's forty-pounder.
The troops were back in Ladysmith by 2
o'clock in the afternoon. The casualties
caused by the enemy's artillery were not
severe. The mountain battery on the left
reported it had suffered through a stam
pede of mules. Our artillery, cavalry, j
mounted infantry and volunteer cavalry |
behaved splendidly in difficult circum
stances. Dr. Jameson and Sir John Wil
loughby arrived to-day and were spec
tators of the action."
WHITE'S TROOPS YET IN
SERIOUS PREDICAMENT
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The engagement
yesterday at Ladysmith, which, despite
the rather heavy losses, must be regarded
rather as an extended reconnoissance or
skirmish than a battle, seems to make
little change in the actual position. It is
disappointing to the British public, as
again revealing tactical skill of an un
expectedly high order on the side of ihc
Boers. In addition to the possession of a
number of heavy guns, the transport of
which causes wonderment here, they
have available marvelous ability. Unless
commanded by skillful European officers,
It is hardly considered probable that Boer
farmers would have assumed a feigned
position, as they evidently did. in front
of the right column, with the intention of
retreating from it to their real line of de
fense and of inducing the British to at
tack over a lire-swept zone.
The special dispatches describing the
engagement again fail to confirm General
White's official account that the Boers
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
were pushed back several miles. "When
It is considered that the censorship is
very severe, the only conclusion that can
be arrived at is that the action was l»x
--tremely inconclusive. The fighting began
with a frontal attack on the main Boat
position, which, however, was found
evacuated. The enemy having retired,
now made a change of front and de
veloped a heavy attack on Colonel Grim
wood's brigade.
To meet this, the British artillery,
which had been shelling the evacuated
position, also changed front.
Grimwood's brigade was promptly rein
forced, but soon was obliged to fall back
rapidly, with consequences which might
have been serious had not the Fifty-third
fieid battery pluckily covered the move
ment at considerable loss to itself.
It is quite certain that General White
failed to accomplish the object he in
tended, and the day's proceedings are an
instructive example of the difficulty of
operations when the enemy holds an ex
tended position by -which he is able to
make sudden and unexpected develop
ments and changes of front.
Sir Eedvers Buller cannot arrive at the
scene of the fighting until the end of this
week. In the meantime General White
will need all his resources to prever' 'he
Boers around Ladysmith linking their
forces.
The omission of all details likely to prive
a true idea of the position from General
White's dispatch may be due to his
reticence, but editing bj- war office offi
cials is likely to be again severely com
mented upon.
BULLER AT TABLE BAY.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— A dispatch from
Cape Town announces the arrival at
Table Bay of the Dunottar Castle late
last evening with General Sir Redvers
Buller and his staff, who are expected to
land this morning. They will meet with
a tremendous ovation in Cape Town.
It is reported from Pretoria that 200 of
the British wounded from Dundee have
arrived there and have been furnished ac
commodation In the state school building.2
RAINEY HOLDS THE SPECIAL CONFIDENCE OF PHELAN
PHELANITES DESCEND
TO INFAMOUS TACTICS
Republican Nominees Hounded
by Spies and Detectives,
Demoralized Democrats, Facing Defeat,
Abandon Clean Lines of Contest and
Go Back to Boss Methods,
THE Ralney heelers, comprising the
Phelan reserves In this campaign,
bave been brought forward. Phe
lans morning organ and its even
ing echo have Invited a war of per-
Bonalitiee a:: : , their invitation may be ac
ig to light now prove
. shadow of doubt that the
Phelan-McNab Torres have Joined hands
U lth ndition of the
act Is that Ralney shall not be'mo
introl of the Fire Depart
ment. ]•' Horace Davia could be per
suaded !•> promise Martin Kelly control
of the department the heelers would be
the election went
:. or Democratic Happily Mr.
le no promises in this di
i 11 make none, hence the
disreputable gang of ex-bosses will rally
I Phelan and seek by caricature
rile personalities to throw dust In
the ayes of tho people.
The Intelligent ] pie of San Francisco
know Horace I>avls. He
can be tru*t>-d to meet a hoss face to face
and say no. How Is It with Phelan? A
■ ■ the primary election he
was advert Ireas tho Democratic
Central Club, but the follower* of the
Commltti f One Hundred threw up
their h inds in horror at. the idea of
Mayor >'hrlan disgracing himself and his
Uy addressing Buckleyites. Phelan
did nut go to the meeting and the job
chasers, elated and exultant, shouted
"didn'i we tell you thai Mayor Phelan
i not touch a Buckley club?" See
how dlffer« • I it was later on when The
lan obtained the nomination and wanted
Buckley votes. The same Democratic
central Club sent for him to address? the
meeting and Phelan went as meekly as
any lamb that ever bleated for Buckley.
Now Phelan poses as a purist in politics.
•-, Phelan, Sam Ralney and the Ex
aminer get together to do panties in the
name of purity and reform it is high time
for honest citizens to put a double watch
on the Via Hot boxes.
Since Phelan is Inviting personalities
and R the El ■ em
p] iyi- [orace Da
vis, would it not be well for some of
Mayo ■ 'I? to explain how he
squared himself with EuK p np Murphy in
me of 1898? Phelan
then wanted men on the ticket for Super
visors whi i his bidding, hence
he persuaded his bosom friend X
Murphy to desert a beautiful home and
establish a pretended residence in a dis
tant quarter of the i ity, so he could qual
ify for Bu] represent a ward in
which he did not reside. Mr. Murphy
he double dealing of the scheme, re
: made a full confession which
implicated Mayor Phelan. Jamea H. Budd,
Governor of California-*-'* Democratic
rnor of California— then avowed that
berg had been sent to the peniten
for colonizing voters and that the
authorities would be remiss in their dufy
to the- commonwealth if the Phelan col
onization scheme was not investigated in
order that San Quentin should not be
cheated. There was no investigating-, as
every one concerned was ready to plead
the "baby act."
It is high time that the honest voters
were taking st*-ps to watch the election.
A big cloud nf dust has bet n raised by
Phelan, Rainey and the Examiner. Be
hind the cloud the bosses are plotting ajid
scheming. Thf ire of the pres
ent Bcheme is not yet known to ihe jub
llc. Perhaps some act of treachery to
certain nominees on the Democratic mun
icipal ticket may be contemplated. One
year a^o Judge Maguire, the able Demo
cratic leader, whs knifed to his political
death. It was hie misfortune to be on the
ticket with Pht-lan. It was his misfor
tune that he trusted Phelan, Kainey and
the Examiner.
Republicans should beware of Demo
cratic promises and Intrgiuee in this cam
paign, and John Lackmann, the Republi
can candidate for Sheriff, should not for
a moment be caught oft his guard. He
should follow the "xample of Horace Da
vis and make, no promises of patronage to
any one.
Republicans have a plain duty to per
form. The duty is to stead by the ticket
and reject every trading proposition. A
manly, open fight to the finish should re
sult In the election of every Republican
nominee. Plainly the Democrats strag
gling after Phelan are discouraged and
demoralized. Republican merchants who
MfM
| supported Mr. Phelan in two elections ire
: now the most earnest and enthusiastic
advocates of Horace Davis" election.
They have withdrawn their support from
an evening paper that deserted the Re
publican column for Phelan's card.
Merchants of the City know that the pros
perity of San Francisco is Jnked with Re
publican success. The>< are shrewd
enough, in a crmmercial '-ense, to per
ceive that a Democratic -Humph at tne
polls would injure busing And retard the
advancement of the clt,-.
Readers may not place h special tax
on th^ir memory to r<- v -oUee,t that Phelan
and the Examiner n<~t lons tpro were de- ]
n«uincing Rainey as an infamous, odious
boss. Yet now they repose in him special
confidence and engase him to perform
confidential work. They take him into a
position of confidence from which they
Id exclude McNab.
Boss Rainey enjoys certain privileges
connected with the Fire Department.
i The fire hydrants are placed to increase
; his personal revenue. Will Rainey here
, after be satisfied with what the Fire De.
' partment gives him, when he sums up his
services to Phelan and the new charter?
Rainey Is shrewd enough to see that
Phrlan and the Examiner are descending
to the low levels of politics, and he will
: keep pace with the downward procession.
t He will want something to say in the
I School Department. How would It suit
! the school teachers of San Francisco to
visit the St. George stables for instruc
tion and inspiration? Rainey lias been
! taken Into the Democratic camp as the
j ally and trusted agent of Phelan and the
I Examiner. Should his party win out he
I would de-mand re-cognition, and Phelan
j would not dare deny him.
Under the provisions of the new char
ter it will be the duty of the Mayor to
i appoint Democrats and Republicans to
compose the commissions to govern the
i Police and Fire departments, the School
' Department, and to generally administer
'' the offices of the city. In an address to
; the Monticello Club at Metropolitan Tem
ple Friday evening. October 27, James D.
Phelan declared that every Republican
that introduced national issues In the mu
nicipal contest was a traitor to San Fran
• Isco, and he publicly gave notice that if
he were elected Mayor he would not ap
point such a Republican on any commig
; sion.
In effect Phelan declared that every
Republican that supported Horace Davis
was a traitor. The little Mayor has
served notice on 30,00(1 Republican electors
that he considers thrm ineligible to serve
on the commissions created by the new
I charter. In his desperation he over-
BOSS RAINEY, "SPECIAL COMMISSIONER" OF MAYOR PHELAN AND THE EXAMINER
When the local campaign opened thei*3 was a distinct understanding
that political tactics, which have so often been an offense to decent men.
would not be used. It was understood that the small ammunition of the
ward heeler and political vagabond, the slanderous rumors, shameful per
sonalities and prying impertinence of political peeping Toms, was to be
discarded. To men that have the welfare and the future of the city at
heart there is at stake something deeper and better than this, and Demo
crats no less than Republicans pledged themselves to ask the suffrage
of the people for what either party represents in principle.
The Examiner, the organ of Mayor Phelan, has seen fit to disregard
the agreement and to invite a comparison of men and an emulation of
its own disreputable methods. It has opened its sewers of abuse and
asked healthy men to follow the scent in its nostrils. It has revealed in its
unclean self the instincts of the fishwife and asks its readers to follow
it in its prying trail upon the track of a man whose private life, to de
cent people, is still sacred, even if he is asking the suffrages of citizens
for high public place.
That the Examiner has found nothing of discredit in the private
life of Horace Davis is immaterial. The offense is in the indecent effort
of the Examiner to peep within the door of his home, follow him in
every movement of his life, trace him in the privacy of his family circle,
his place of business and his every walk of private life. And to accom
plish this the Examiner has employed a creature whose very name — Sam
reached himself.
The right of free speech is guaranteed
I by the constitution of the State of Cali
fornia. Citizens who entertain the belief
that the prosperity and happiness of the
people of San Francisco will be promoted
, by the consideration of nattonal principles
i in this contest have a constitutional right
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
MARCONI'S SYSTEM TRIED
WITH SUCCESS BY NAVY
NEW YORK, Oct. 80.— Over twenty
nine miles of the Atlantic Ocean,
over housetops, church spires and
towering office buildings, the Mar
coni electrical ripples successfully
carried and dropped messages be
tween two moving warships to-day. The
naval test at sea proved that within a
radius of twenty-one miles messages can
be transmitted by wireless telegraphy
with all the accuracy and precision of an
ordinary land line. This proved that hills,
high buildings and wires do not break
the force of the electrical waves and do
not interfere in the slightest degree with
the transmission of messages.
By prearrangements operations on
board the New York were conducted by
Bignor Marconi himself. One of his as
sistant* named Rradfleld operated the in
struments on the Massachusetts, while
Telegraph%r Bowden, another Marconi
expert, was stationed in the lighthouse
on the Highlands of Navesink. From the
Marconi transmitter on the lower floor of
the lighthouse annex the wire was carried
through the window, up the tall flagstaff
and up a sort of topmast, making its total
height above the ground about 150 feet.
Through the hatchways of the two war
ships the wires were extended to the
same height.
The message which the New York, as
NATAL DUTCH ASSIST BOERS.
L.ONDON. Oct. 31.— According to a flis
patch to the Daily Mail from Durban, it
has been ascertained that # the Natal
Dutch have been actively assisting the
Boers by carrying information regarding
the British movements. It seems that,
although the landings and departures of
the troops are effected by night and the
greatest secrecy Is maintained, yet the
enemy somehow gets information, de
Rainey — is an insult in the ears of reputable men, and degradation in the
hearing of decent women. This new commissioner of the Examiner
needs no new characterization. His blackguardism has been well
painted by bis new employer times without number. There is no offense
too vile for his commission. There is no condemnation that for him is too
severe.
According to the Examiner he has stained the public mind and
debauched private morality. His presence has been insult and his touch
contamination. He has been shunned in public and received in private
only by necessity. His morals indicate his methods, and he is the man
whom the Examiner has employed to track an honorable citizen, whose
life and name have been absolutely above reproach.
This creature's prying eyes have followed Horace Davis every
where. They have followed the victim of their indecency to see where
and what h-e ate, when and where he slept and worked, and with whom.
They have reported to their prurient master every detail of an honorable
existence. This is tke policy of the Mayor's organ. It is a policy repug
nant to every sense of propriety and will not be adopted by Republican
newspapers. But since the Examiner has indicated its desire and its
purpose to wallow in moral filth let it follow its policy to its logical con
clusion. Let it set its sewer-rat commissioner upon the track of Mayor
Phelan and have the prying eyes tell where and what he eats, when and
where he sleeps and works — and with whom.
she passed down the North River, cent to
the Massachusetts, lying at her anchor
age at Thirty-fifth street, was read plain
ly In dots a-nd dashes at Naveslnk, nine
teen miles away. It was:
"Follow us down at 1 p. m."
This message was the overture to the
telegraph testing programme, which in
cluded about seventy-five messages, all of
which had been prepared by the naval
board and were especially difficult. Every
five minutes during the course down the
river the New York telegraphed over the
constantly Increasing distance to the. Mas
i sachusetts and the battle ship replied to
the flagship without a break. All the mes
sages in the correspondence were caught
at Navesink and a careful record of them
was kept by Lieutenant Blish, the naval
| representative at the lighthouse. It was
: during the voyage down the river that
an official test for "Interference" was
made.
Without any warning to Marconi the
operator at Navesink. at the direction of
Lieutenant Blish. sent several messages
in quick succession to the flagship. The
result was a message from the Massachu
setts to the New York:
"Navesink has successfully interfered."
But a few minutes later the lighthouse
caught Marconi's explanation that one of
the ground wires on the New York had
not been secured properly, which allowed
the stray messages to break in on the
Conversation between the two warships.
Tt was a long time nfter the telegraph
-1 ing began before either of the warships
spite the severe censorship. It is also be
lieved in Durban that the Dutch have as
sisted the Boers by pointing out British
officers in the battles.
CIRCLE OF ARMORED TRAIN.
LONDON, Oct. 31.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Dally Mail says he
learns that Colonel Baden Powell, the
British commander at Mafektng. has laid
a railway in a complete circle around
was visible from the lighthouse. "Without
a wire, without any apparent connection,
messages kept dropping- out of space as If
some supernatural power were hurling
thorn down from the clouds.
The New York came In sight about 11
o'clock, and although messages from the
Massachusetts continued to rain down as
fast as the receiving instrument could
reel them off. It was fully two hours be
fore she could be made out through the
spyglass, creeping slowly toward the flag
snip.
Then the New York wired the Massa
chusetts: "Put out to sea in a straight
line, keeping careful acount of your dis
tances."
The black smoke of the Massachusetts
a few minutes later, trailing back toward
the Highlands.' showed that she was
obeying. The telegraphing- continued for
! more than an hour with just as much ac
[ curacy as that with which two telegraph
I operators converse between Yonkers and
| New York.
Then, when about fourteen miles of
fcray ocean were between the two ships,
syllables began to drop out of words.
Sentences were received In which arti-
I cles and prepositions were missing. Later
longer words began to disappear, until
! finally the Massachusetts messages be
j came unintelligible at the lighthouse, al
though she was evidently in communica
tion with the New York still. The last in
telligible message from the Massachusetts
was sent at 3:12 r>. m., when she was
twenty-one miles from shore and eighteen
miles from the New York. cl snieen
Mafeking: and Is running armored trains
around the town, ready to meet the Boers
at any point
THIS IS FROM HOLLAND.
BERLIN, Oct. 30.-A report received
here from Holland says that the whole
British army at Ladysmlth has surrend
ered and L hat the troops are now prison
ers of war.
to express their sentiments. A man deny
ing that right is an enemy to free speech.
\ The utterances of Mayor Phelan in denial
:of that right were recorded and pub
lished in the daily papers of October 28.
The new charter clothes the Mayor
i with great authority. Citizens who value
their rights and liberties should beware
i of electing a tyrant.
REPUBLICANS IN
CONFIDENT MOOD
Republicans of the Forty-first, Forty
second and Forty-third Assembly Dls
I (fP| S.N.WOOD &CO jjjfe 1
trirts held a monster meeting last ■
at Golden Gate Hal!, on Satter stri
the temper of the audience can be
as an indication, Horace Davis
whole Republican ticket will ha-v
! Ing to fear as to the result of the
in the district named. Among th>
nent speakers were Hon. F. X. Sch
maker of New Jersey, and Colonel T
| Eddy. Mr. Schoonmaker intends to
| main in San Francisco until after {
and will address the citizens on th<
of the campaign every evening this w<
C A. Murdock was selected to a
chairman, and in his introductory 1
marks said that he was like th<- shrimi
that the restaurant proprietor servi
fore the oysters. He was a shrimp, hi
stated, and" his sphere was merely to whel
the audience's appetites for the luscious
feast of reason that was to follow. He
had voted for Lincoln, he said, and had
never had cause to n-Kret his affiliation
with the Republican party and would
have nothing to be ashamed of when
next Tuesday he cast his ballot for Hon.
Horace Davis.
"No candidate fur Mayor," said the
speaker, "represents so many good quali
ties as the Republican candidate."
Mr. Murdock referred to Mr. Phelan's
remarks concerning the charter, and Baid
In many instances he had offered gratui
tous insults to the Republican |
especially after the charter was held to
be constitutional by the Supreme Court,
when he asserted through the columns of
i an evening paper that after a battle it
i was always n< cessary to look out for the
j dead and wounded. In the charter battle,
Phelan had said, the dead and wounded
I would be found in the Republican camp.
''That was a barefaced insult to every
Republican in the city," said Mr. Mur
dock. In reference to the charges made
: against_Mr. Davis for having held a con
sultatton with Martin Kelly, the speaker
said:
"Our enemies have been driven to such
straits that they have been forced to
make a mountain out of a molehill. They
have accredited him with improper mo-
I tives because he was willing to meet and
talk with a Republican who had fought
! a battle and lost. Horace Davis is a
conscientious and thorough Republican,
and he will not kick a man because^ he is
down. Nothing more need be said."
Colonel T. V. Eddy was the rirst of the
list of orators to address the audience.
He said that the Democratic cry that
this was a campaign of home rule was
the cheap claptrap of a demagogue.
"That is strong language," said the
speaker, "but unlike Mr. Phelan I do not
I intend to apologize for it. San Francisco
has always had home rnle. This is not
a campaign where the watchword is
home rule, but the question is. Who shall
rule? The claim of Mr. Phelan and
Franklin K. Lane that they are the
originators and virtual parents of the
chat-tor is the cheap claptrap of a pair of
demagogues."
Colonel Eddy spoke of the record of
Hon. Horace Davis as a citizen, as a
business man and a friend of labor. He
placed special stress on Mr. Davis' fight
against Chinese immigration. "And this
is the man that a political demagogue
called a traitor. He claimed afterward
that he was hasty; but 1 assert now that
when Mr. Phelan applied that word to
Mr. Davis he did it purposely and pre
meditatedly and he did it because he waa
angry— angry because he was opposed for
the office by a man who had the moral
courage to stand fairly and squarely on
the platform of his party.
"Phelan coum not let his convention in
dorse the national Democratic platform
because he expected to gain a few Repub
lican votes. That is what I call false pre
tenses. If there was a law on the statutes
against false pretenses in politics we
could convict James D. Phelan to-night.
Republican votes elected him last year,
but this year false pretenses will not X".
Horace Davis was not born with a silver
spoon in his mouth. He gained every dol
lar of his fortune by his own labor and
energy. After he came to California he
did one of the noblest things an Ameri
can citizen can do— and thai Is to rai.--'- ..
family. That is the kind of candidate we
present you. I need not draw compari
sons with the candidate on the other side.
(Laughter.)
"The people will teach Mr. Phelan on
the 7th of November that when he at
tempts to vilify for political reasons one
of our foremost citizens they will not
stand for it. When Horace Davis is
elected Mayor the people will be able to
get in to see him without a pass."
Colonel Eddy reviewed the entire Re
publican ticket, asserting that it was not
necessary to throw mud in order to elect
them. Cheers greeted the speaker at the
conclusion of his address, when he gave
way to Hon. F. X. Schoonmaker of New
! Jersey. Mr. Schoonmaker said:
"The Democrats claim that this Is a
! non-partisan campaign and for that rea-
I son they ask the Republicans to vote the .
Democratic ticket. Hon. Horace Davis 13
in every way the equal and in many par
ticulars' the superior of James D. Phelan.
The only hope of the Democrats is that
Republicans become non-partisan while
Democrats remain partisan. If the full
vote of the Republican party is given to
I Hon. Horace Davis he will be the next
Mayor of this city. The new Mayor of
San Francisco will have the appointment
lof nearly 6000 office-holders. That vastST. GEORGE STABLES THE SOURCE OF DEMOCRATIC POWER
HONORABLE MEN RALLY
AROUND HORACE DAVIS
Republican Standard - Bearer
Does Not Lead a
Double Life.
New Vigor in the Campaign- -All the
Signs in the Political Sky Point
to a Magnificent Repub
lican Triumph.
army of men In a State like California
•will enable the party controlling them to
swing the State any way he wants. If ;
Mr. Phelan la elected he will throw the
State next year as William J. Bryan |
wishes. If lion, liorac^ Davis pains con- |
trol that influence will be used to uphold
the hand of Hon. William McKlnley.
"California Is now fat with prosperity.
In the East we know that San Francisco |
cannot go Democratic without Republican i
Votes. Such a calamity would indicate to j
us that California has had enough of pro- !
tection and enough or' the prosperity that
McKlnley's administration has given
you. Any Republican who votes the Dem
ocratic ticket is open to the suspicion that
he is tryiiiET to strengthen the tight of
William J. Bryan. ■ here is no excuse for ;
this, especially when you have presented
to you such an • silent candidate for i
Mayor a.« we nave given you."
Mr. Schoonmaker's address was warmly
received. When the applause subsided it
was followed by cries of "Van Duxer! Van
l.Hizer!" The eman, who was on !
the platform, asked to be used until '
sifter some of the candidates were given \
a hearing.
Louis Feusier, candidate for Treasurer,
made a few marks. Chairman Mur
dock in introducing William A. Deane,
candidate for County Clerk, said that the |
pen was mightier than the sword: that
the Democrats had nominated a man with
a sword and that in "Hilly" Deane tho
Kepublicans offered a man who could
ably handle both.
At this stage of the meeting Hon. Hor
ace Davis arrived. As soon as the au
oience caught sight of the candidate for
"Mayor it made the hall tremble with Its
che*ers and applause. William Watson.
candidate for Supervisor, said If elected
he would devote his time to his office. He
paid that while he was a capitalist he
had earned every dollar of his fortune
with his coat off. Aft or a number of
candidates for minor offices were given an
opportunity to show themselves Hon.
Horace Davis was called for As . , th
hour was late he made his address brief.
but it was none the less pointed and effec
tive. He said:
"Judg^ men not by what they say, but
by what they do. You have my record
In this city before you, bo I will say little
about myself. As to corporations, I wish
to say that I am independent of all of |
them" I do not own a share of stock or)
a bond in any of em. I have no pecu
niary relations n-ilh any of them that
■would influence me in the administration
of the office of Mayor. As to positions
and patronage I say emphatically that I j
nm froe and untrammeled. I have made !
no pledges or promises to any man or
body of men.
"I want to enlist your sympathies and
r^card for the rest of our ticket. It was
made by delegates elected by the people
and who represent the people. I hope
you will support the whole ticket without
a scratch. Make up your minds to buckle
down and work— particularly you young
fellows, and you, also, ladles— you can do
much for us. Do not imagine that this
fiKht is going to run itself. Join your
club and do a man's work. Use your
persuasion and argument with your
neighbors. Lay aside your ordinary avo
cations for one' week and assist in getting
a Republican administration in this city
for two years and help to indorse the
policy of "William McKlnley— that policy
which has brought about so much pros
perity to San Francisco. The news of a
Democratic victory would pass through
th^ Republican party like a frost— that
you had turned down the authors of your
prosperity.
"There Is now but little question that
we will win out on election day."
«
BUSINESS MEN'S
BIG MASS-MEETING.
The Business Men's Horace Davis Re
pub] ■■ •■■ill hold a mass meeting
nisrht this week, the exact uate of
It is spreading everywhere, the true story of bank savings made by
placing all orders for family supplies with a bona fide cash dealer. Many
families assert that it lessens their daily expenses at least one dollar
a day. Let us have your first of the month order on a spot cash basis,
and note the result not only in quantity and price but in the better
quality as well.
GROCERY SIDE.
BTJGAR—
21 lbs. Western Ileflnery Pry Granulated, or
26 lbs. Yellow Coffee- Sugar $1 00
COCOA- *'■
S'!! week's '-A-lh. tins 15c
ALMONDS—
New, soft-Bh»U, per lb 150
TOMATOES—
New pack, gallon tins Mo
PRUNES—
New, California, per 1b.... ....Jc, Be, to
'• : ,■ . ■ •■■■•-■ .: ' ■."-
SOI>A CRACKERS —
14 cases, extras 49c
BACON—
Eastern, sugar-cured, streaked, fat and
lean, lb 100
POTATOES —
Very fancy, delivered fre« In city, 100
lbs. for HO
WASHING SOAP
Horseshoe, W-OX. bars, each »V4o
TOILET SOAP—
Cocoa, excellent, per bar Jo
ASPARAGUS—
Canned, large, square tins, n«w, fln«
goods, per tin 160
FACTS.
We make free delivery across the bay frequently each day. . -
We have seventy tons of goods sold and ready for shipment to
foreign ports by next vessel.
We understand how to select, how to pack and how to ship goods
to reach destination promptly and in good order.
. Delivery wagons running to ©very . part of * the city.
which Is to be selected later. This was
decided at a meeting: of the campaign
committee of the club last night in the
Union League rooms. S. H. Kent pre
sided, and appointed C. S. Laumeister and
James A- Wilson a. committee to make
the necessary arrangements for the big
meeting, which will most probably take
place on Thursday night. It Is expected
that General Barnes and other eloquent
speakers will appear.
The committee on literature presented
the following address, which was
adopted:
The Business Men's Horace Davis Republican
Club of San Francisco sends greeting: Under
a primary election law framed by a Republi
can Senator, passed by a Republican Legisla
ture and signed by a Republican Governor, the
citizens of San Francisco voted at the pri
maries, had their votes counted and thereby
secured for the people of this city political con
ventions representing the business elements of
the various parties.
The Republican party selected as its standard 1
bearer the Hon. Horace Davis, resident of the
city for forty-six years, and whose public
services ao a member of Congress, president of
the «rd of Regents of the State Univer
sity and member of the charter convention
(which charter was adopted by the Republican
vote and approved by a Republican Legisla
ture), has earned for him the highest respect
of and entitles him to the loyal support of all
citizens, and whose extensive and Intimate, ac
quaintance with business men will enable him
to select proper boards and commissions to put
into practical operation the governmental ma
chinery of the new charter.
As the success of the Democratic ticket, put
ting the enormous patronage, the selection of
thousands of employes in the School, Fire, Po
lice. Street, Park, Health and other depart
i ments. and the purchase of the supplies in-
I cldental thereto, into the hands of one of the
! moat skillful, able and ambitious Democratic
politicians In California, to assist his party in
i carrying the State agalnat Mi-Klnley in the
I 'residential election next year, will give aid
and comfort to the enemies of the administra
| tion and will retard its efforts to restore peace
j In th« Philippines, we ask all voters who have
I the welfare of the nation and the city at heart
' to vote for Horace Davis and the Republican
j ticket. BY THE COMMITTEE.
The committee decided to print 20,000
cards with the address on one side and
the Republican ticket on the other.
These will be distributed to citizens by
mail and otherwise.
The committee adjourned to meet to
morrow night at the I'nlon League rooms
t" make final arrangements for the mass
meeting.
REPUBLIC AN RALLY
IN THE MISSION
Th* Republicans of the Thirty-sixth
Assembly District held a rousing rally In
Twin Peaks Hall, Seventeenth and Noe
streets, last night. The hall was filled to
its utmost capacity and the meeting was
presided over by Dr. J. H. Soper. Among
the speakers were Horace Davis, A. P.
Black. D. E. McKinlay, John Lackmann,
Dr. E. N. Torello. W. J. Guilfoyle. J. L.
Nagle, W. G. Johnson, William Watson,
Nathan Bibo and Ralph Hathorn.
Mr. Davis was, of course, the star at
traction, and received a genuine ovation
when he arose to address the big gather
ing. He made a telling speech, in the
course of which he declared with con
vincing emphasis that he had made no
pledges or promises to any man, and
that if elected Mayor of San Francisco
he would go Into office entirely untram
meled and free to follow his own counsel
in administering the affairs of the city
and in making appointments. He urged
every Republican to get out and work for
the "success of the party at the. coming
election and to go to the polls and vote
for the entire ticket from top to bottom,
declaring that the nominees of the Re
publican party were all good men and
far superior to their opponents on the
Democratic ticket.
Mr. McKinlay made a rattling good
speech and aroused wild enthusiasm by
his sharply drawn contrasts between the
THE OTHER SIDE.
UNDERWEAR—
A fine line of silver gray wool underwear for
lftdtes' old style flats at a bargain; less than
manufacturers' price; 75c and tl combination
suits for ladles or children at 60c and upward.
UMBRELLAS—
A large purchase at a smalt price enables us
to Mil a K*>"i Zt-incb rain umbrella for 60c.
BLANKETS—
Heavy tall-stfK gray California wool blankets
at }F> pair; lighter ones at lighter prices; se«
them.
PANTALOONS—
Others get $3 50, even more; we sell several
hundred pairs all-wool stylish trousers for
young men or old men at $2 50. In the win-
dow to-day.
SIDE ELASTICS—
From little chlklren to largest size; many
kinds; worth 2 bits; now sc.
CASH STORE
THE BIG STORE AT THE PERRY,
25-27 Market St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
condition of the -worklngmen of the cfty !
and the entire country three years ago i
und^r Democratic rule with the prof
perlty that 1b prevailing: under the pres
ent Republican conditions.
A. P. Black also made a .speech that I
wa.s loudly applauded. The other speak- i
era promised to serve the people honestly :
and faithfully If elected and urged the j
voters to support the ticket in its en- j
tlrety.
DAVIS RECEIVES
HEARTY WELCOME
In the eyclery ring on Page and Stan
yan streets the voters of the Thirty
eeventh District assembled last night to
listen to the Republican candidates and
show their interest in the campaign.
Horace Davis was the drawing card
here and the large hall was comfortably
filled. Mr. Davis told of his career and
his Intentions if elected. Not only did
he have the good will of his audience,
but their support was pledged him by
three rousing cheers.
Many candidates addressed the meeting
as well as others whose interest in the
campaign is due to a desire to secure the
election of the Republican ticket. Major
Kyle spoke of the good Mr. Davis has al
ready done for the city and what will be
accomplished under the new regime. Mr.
llathorn spoke for John Farnham. who
is at present confined at home. L. G.
Carpenter, Charles Jackson, Thomas
Watson and others came in during the
evening and made short addresses. The
spirit of the meeting showed a healthy
tone and at no time was enthusiasm lack
ing.
ROUSING MEETING
AT BEAR'S HALL
Bustling with enthusiasm and loud In
their cheers for Horace Davis, the Repub
licans of the Thirty-eighth District met
last night at Bear's Hall, corner of Post
and Fillmore streets, to ratify the Re
publican municipal ticket.
The meeting brought together a large
number of members of the Western Addi
tion Improvement Club. Without music
and the usual campaign variations, these
men attested their interest In campaign
issues and pledged themselves with loud
acclaim to do all in their power for the
head of the ticket, Horace Davis, and
every other candidate on it.
The mention of the name of the Repub
lican candidate for Mayor was received
with cheers whenever uttered, and all ref
erence to his life and career in California
evoked similar applause. Charles Jack
son, nominee for City and County Attor
ney, was the first to .*t>eak. L. J. Car
penter, candidate for Police Judge, follow
ed, and he won recognition by a trim
speech In which he promised to mete out
justice and not favors if elected. Judge
Joachimsen and others succeeded <"ar
p. nter, sustaining the Interest of the audi
ence until Horace Davis himself arrived.
The enthusiasm of the Thirty-eighth
District Republicans knew no bounds, and
when the last speech of the evening was
completed all rose in their seats and
shouted three Insty cheers for Mr. Davis
and the party.
Phelan an Expensive Mayor.
The Horace Davis Club of the Thirty
ninth District held an enthusiastic meet
ing last night at Turn Verein Hall, 323
Turk street, and many names were
added to the roll. Major W. W. Al
VICE PRESIDENT HOBART
AGAIN CRITICALLY ILL
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— Vice President
Hobart, who has been ill for weeks
at his home In Paterson, N. J.,
suffered a relapse this morning.
He had a succession of choking
spells, resulting from an Imperfect
nctlon of the heart, an old affection,
complicated with Inflammation of the
stomach. Mr. Hobart has not been able
to attend to his private affairs for tho
past two or three days, and an intimate
friend has been given power of attorney
to sign checks and to attend to other
matters of that character.
One of the physicians In attendance at
6 o'clock to-night said that while the
condition of Mr. Hobart was serious, he
was better than at any time within the
past twenty-four hours.
PATERSON. N. J., Oct. 30.— Vice Presi
dent Hobart has been 111 ever since the
close of last Congress. Dr. W. E. New
ton says that between 11 o'clock last
night and 2 o'clock this morning Mr.
Hobarfs condition was more critical than
it has been at any time during the six
months he has been ill. After passing
the critical period at 2 o'clock he rested
easy until daylight, when he began to
gain strength again and uurlng the day
ONE WOMAN TO THE
DEFENSE OF ROBERTS
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— "The politicians
are using Helen Gould's money to
awaken sentimental twaddle a^ain^t
Congressman-elect Roberts of Utah," j
said Mrs. Corrlnne Brown of the j
Woodlawn Woman's Club, and chair
man of the National Industrial Committee
of the General Federation of Women's |
Clubs, to-day. "Every woman's club in
Chicago has received a petition from the
National Anti-Polygamy League, calling |
for signatures and declaring the Roberts j
case to be the most serious attack on the I
sacredness of the marriage tie which has
been made in a quarter of a century. "
At the meeting of th© Woodlawn Club
SITUATION IN NATAL
YET MOST SERIOUS
LONDON, Oct. Sl.— How serious the sit
uation In Natal Is considered hero Is
shown by the following summary of the
news which appears in this morning's
Daily Telfßraph:
"Yesterday Sir George "White had an
other smart encounter with the burghers,
very similar to that at ReitfontHn, when
lif- drove bark a column of Free States
who were apparently bent upon intercept
ing and attacking General Yul«\ Our los<*
was from eighty to KiO killed and
wounded.
"Two untoward Incidents are men
tioned. The Royal Irish Fusileers and
Gloucesters were sent out at 11 o'clock
the previous night, accompanied by a
mountain battery, to clear the hills on
our left flank. The mules, frightened by
the night firing, stampeded with som»
guns, which have not yet been recovered.
l»ie two battalions had not returned up to
4:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
"The Natal commander-ln-chief's report
was very brief, but he would not say the
return of the guns was expected without
tangible grounds for the statement, so
that he doubtless knows where they are
and will take measures to extricate them
If they have unfortunately got Into a dif
ficult place.
"Yesterday"s brush came about In this
way: General French was sent to attack
the position upon which on Sun'lay the
enemy had mounted several guna Ho
found it evacuated, but his column, which
was of considerable strength, was at
tacked by the burghera. Thereupon the
[ whole fore* at General White's disposal.
len addressed the club on the Issues
of the campaign and the importance
of the coming election. Reading from
statistical reports of the city, Ma
jor Allen showed that Mayor Phelan
had been the most expensive Mayor since
the formation of the municipal govern
ment, and said that while pretending to
he in favor of improving our industries
and making our city comfortable for the
families living therein. Mayor Phelan has
never, with his princely income of over
srwi.ooo per year, huilt a factory, machine
shop or mill or in any manner employed
his capital for the benefit of the laboring
people. Major Allen spoke of the Bay
<'ity Market property, owned by the
Mayor, and asked the voters to compare
the condition <>f that property to that of
the Horace Davis flour mills.
PHELAN TALKS TO
RICHMOND VOTERS
The Democrats of the Fortieth District
held a large meeting at Richmond Ha.i,
corner of Clement street and Fourth ave
nue, last night. D. S. Currant, chairman
of the meeting, introduced Edmond God
chaux as the first speaker, who. In a few
words, asked for the suffrage of the peo
ple in his behalf. Joseph Tobin, R. M.
I Totaling, R. P. Doolan and John Coni:or
followed in short speeches. Lewis F. By
ir.gton, after advocating his own cause,
beseeched his listeners to do the graceful
thing and work hard for Mr. Phelan and
keep him whore he can do the moat goou
— in the Mayor's chair.
Mayor Phelan, upon entering the hall,
received a great ovation and in commenc
ing his speech throw bouquets at his au
dience and promised to recommend the
Richmond district to any of his friends
who wore looking for homes as the gar
den spot of the earth.
"I am," he paid, "in favor of time lim
its being placed on interments in Rich
mond district and I also advocate the mu
nicipal ownership of street railroads. I
believe that we should have new schools,
new hospitals and a n^w sewer system."
During his speech the Mayor e'.aimeu
the charter :is his work nnd the work of
his party, and while saying that national
Issues or partisan feelings should be elim
inated from this municipal campaign de
clared that the charter could be success
fully carrird out only by the election of
the "Democratic ticket.
DEMOCRATIC TALK,
AT TILTON'S HALL
A majority of the candidates on the
Democratic ticket addressed the voters
of the Forty-first Assembly District last
night at Tilton's Hall, Union street, near
Ootavla, E. C. Harrison was chairman
of the meeting. Tlie programme of
speeches differed In no respect from those
delivered. Every speaker on the list
seemed to have his particular friends.
All through the evening candidates filed
In, paid their little pieces and filed out.
This was an unfortunate arrangement
for at least one of the speakers. Almost
at the beginning Joseph M. dimming 1 ,
candidate Cor Auditor, told his justly
celebrated "ham" story. Half an hour
later R. M. Ilotaliiif,', one of the candl-l
dates for Supervisor, dropped in and was
presented. Ignorant of the fact that
Cumminp's repertoire Included any ham,
he offered a slice of the same old story,
lie was Informed out loud that his ham
was moldy, the stiii? of the Information
h<Mnp deadened by the laugh it raised. A
dog light in the rear of the hall lent
++ + : 4. + ++ + + +>"+ +
♦
+ PATERSOX, N.; J., Oct. 31. 3:10
+ a. m.— Dr. Newton has just ' l^ft
•♦ Vice President Hobarfs house. He
■4- said the patient was still sleeping
+ and that there had been no change
+ In his condition.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
he was in good spirits and improved
some. During the day hi> had been able
to sit up in bed and he was able to talk
with Mrs. Hobart and their son, Gar
rei Jr.
Dr. Newton refused to make any
delinite statement as to the cause of Mr.
Hobarfs illness. He said, however, that
Hie report that Mr. Hobart' s mind was
it. any way affected by the illness was
<iu!te "untrue. This statement was also
made by members of the family and by
Hobart Tuttle, the Vice President's sec
retary.
No one is admitted to the Hobart house.
All callers, even the neighbors, are re
ferred to Dr. Newton, and only Mrs. Ho
bart and her son are allowed to see the
sick man.
Hobart Tuttle stated that Mr. Hobarfs
condition was not critical this evening,
although he admitted the case had taken
Mr?. Brown was up with her protest and
refused to add her name to those of her
club sisters. She said:
"This is a precious paper, filled with
anti-Roberts gossip. Do you think it has
been prepared since Helen Gould took her
«tand against Roberts? I believe it was
in shape long ago and only waiting for
her $fiooo donation to Bpread It broadcast
over the country. I grant she is a supe
rior woman, but the women of this coun
try are not going into this logically. I tell
you they are toadying to Helen Gould."
Mrs. Brown outlined her plea for char
ity by saying that Congressman-elect
Roberts entered into polygamy before
Utah was a State; that the United States
accepted Utah; Roberts was chosen by
except those holding the camp and its
communications, seems to have been
flung at the Boers, with the result that
they were driven back. We did not, how
ever, continue our advance to their laag
ers.
"Two Important facts emerge from
General White's dispatch. First. Com
ma ml, mt General Joubert is at last on the
Bpot, and Sir George White believes that
these were his troops he attacked. Gen
eral Joubert had failed in his pursuit of
<;< neral Yule, and now he is committed to
investing Ladysmith, accepting attacks
such as that of yesterday whenever he
appears in force. The second fact is that
th° Koers' guns ranged further than our
field guns, showing that they have been
ab!" to get up their heavy artillery, all of
which, according to Dr. Leyds, has now
been delivered by the makers. They were
al«lo to bombard Ladysmith at a range of
more than 6000 yards.
"General White, however, has now got
some naval guns which have temporarily
silenced the Boers, and he hopes he will
be permanently able to dominate the en
emy's best guns."
ADMIRAL SCHLEY'S ORDERS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— Secretary
Long to-day said that he did not con
template making any change in Rear Ad
miral Schley's orders. So far these are
nothing more than a direction to take
command of the South Atlantic station.
The date will be definitely fixed when it
is known exactly how soon the Chicago
will be ready for sea. Nothing has been
decided by the department as to the dis
patch of one or more warships to South
Africa. Secretary Long pointed out that
that section of the world Is within the
added Interest to the meeting and inter
rupted the remarks of Osgood Putnam.
Other speakers that addressed the meet-
Ing were It. Beverly Cole, Patrick Boland,
Jeremiah Deasy, Washington Dodge,
Thomas Jennings. L. J. Dwyer, Charles
T. Conlan, Franklin K. Lane, Joseph
Tobin, Edmond Godchaux, R. P. Doolan,
A. B. Maguire, L. F. Byington, B. Pohli,
John Connor, Samuel H. Brooks and Cap
tain Dennis Geary. They all decried tho
raising of national issues and called upon
the voters to elect their individual selves
and Mayor Phelan.
The Mayor drove up at 1^:30 o'clock and
received much applfuifo. His address wan
short and on the same linos as at pre
vious meetinc:!-'. J!o added the informa
tion that It had been decided only during
the afternoon that there was to be an
additional bond issue.
Campaign Incidents.
The Horace Davis Club of the Forty
fifth Assembly District has elected the
following officers: R. J. Lyons, president;
Joseph Silva, vice president; "William
Broderick, secretary; John Curran, treas
urer.
Democrats of the Thirtieth Assembly
1 District organized a Doasv Club at the
! corner of Sixteenth and Market streets
'• last night. C. P. Jones was elected presi
dent and A. J. Wilkinson secretary.
A John Lackmann Republican Club was
! formed last night in the Thirty-first As
;' sembly District.
, The John Laokmann Club of the Thirty
ninth Assembly District met last evening
in the parlors of the Hotel Marguerite
<in<l perfected arrangements for the ad
, vaneement of Mr. Lackmann's interests
1 in their district.
The Laguna Club, an organization in
the Interest of R. P. Doolan for Tax Col
lector, met last night at 9 Page street.
The next meeting -will be held Wednes
day night.
A John Lackmann Club for the Thirty
fourth Assembly District was organized
last night in Native Sons' Hall. One hun
dred and fifty members signed the roll.
The following officers were elected: H.
H. Falk, president; E. W. Eustice. secre
tary; executive committee — Charles
Mayer, H. H. Falk, H. D. Arnold, James
Befitty, Georpe Dietterle.
The Dr. Charles Boxton Club ratified
the Republican ticket last night at Cali
fornia Hall. 620 Bush street. The meeting
was a large and enthusiastic one.
The M. C. McGrath Democratic Club
wos organized last night at 530 Third
street. J. R. Shanahan was elected presi
dent, Mortimer Mcßoberts secretary, and
T. J. Kenny treasurer.
Deasy clubs have been organized In the
Thirtieth, Thirty-first and Thirty-seventh
districts. A general meeting of all Deasy
clubs will be held to-night at Pythian
Castle.
Democrats of the Thirty-eighth District
i met last night in Powers Hall.
The South Park Improvement Club held
i a rousing rally and ratification of the en
tire Republican ticket last night at 930 A
Howard street. President M. J. Mcßrlde
presided. Judge Charles A. Low, Edward
; W. Close and other prominent speakers
j addressed the assembly and met with
hearty approval. Special stress was laid
on the indorsements the club had made,
speaking in particular of W. A. Deane.
The Betrayal of Democracy.
TTon. Charles N. Harris will deliver an
address at Metropolitan Temple to-mor
row night. Mr. Harris, who is rated as
an excellent orator, will take for his sub
ject "The Betrayal of the Democratic
Party," and will show how Mayor Phelan
lias been a traitor to the cause of Dem
ocracy, and will also denounce as a band
of conspirators some worthless politicians
who are masquerading under the Demo
cratic cloak of purity.
a serious turn last night. Mr. Tuttle was
kept busy replying to telegrams of in
quiry during the day.
A. A. Wilson, Mr. Hobarfs life-long
friend and law partner, said that he did
not think Mr. Hobart would die to-night,
but that he feared that the Vice President
had not long to live. He re-fused to enter
Into details relative t>> the malady from
which the patient suffered, but his Idea
was that it was necessarily fatal, al
though not immediately so.
Dr. Newton called at the Hobart resi
dence to-night at 6 o'clock and remained
but a short time. Just before he left Mr.
Hobart fell asleep. It was not necessary
to administer drugs and Dr. Xewton said
the sleep was natural and refreshing.
Mr. Hobart had not boen out of his
house In two weeks and in consequence
of his illness is said to he very fooble.
At IO:S0 o'clock to-night word came
from the sick room of the Vice President
that Mr. Hobart was conscious and had
recognized those around him. A few
minutes later he was asleep and resting
quietly. Dr. Newton, who visited him at
11 p. m., said that his condition was ap
parently Improved. Only the immediate
members of the family and the nurse
were at the Hobart house at the time.
Dr. Xewton says that he has no fear of
the death of the distinguished sufferer to
night.
Mormons as their representative at
Washington. She continued:
"Ccngreseman-eloct Roberts supports
his wives; he gives his children a name.
There is a greater evil than this among
our Congressmen to-day. I have passed
much time In Utah. I have seen many
happy Mormon women. Polygamy Is a
social evil, but this is not the way to de
stroy it. There will be In Washington
men who will fear Roberts, for he is fear
less and he has brains."
The echo of Mrs. Brown's words does
not carry conviction to other women's
clubs. Some have discussed the petition.
O'.hers are getting ready to do so, and a
few do not care to voice any thought In
the matter.
geographical bounds of the South Atlantic
station. Therefore Admiral Schley will
be at perfect liberty to go there or any
where else on his station after he takes
command. No order from the department
will be necessary in such a case. Re
specting the mooted increase in the
strength of the South Atlantic squadron
the Secretary said that he would not
hesitate to send the number of ships on
the station if there were necessity for it.
So far the necessity had not appeared
and therefore it was not contemplated to
have more than three vessels, the Chi
cago, Montgomery and Wilmington, on
the station.
FUND FOR THE WOUNDED.
LONDON, Oct. 80.— Lady Randolph
Churchill presided this afternoon at a
meeting of the committee of _ the Ameri
can fund being raised to send a hospital
ship for the use of wounded soldiers in
South Africa. Tt is announced that
Frederick Gardiner and John Hays j un
mond, the American engineer, have
contributed one thousand pounds ster
ling each to the fund. The subscribers
of large amounts include August Bel
mont. William K. Vanderbilt, and Mes
dames Bradley-Martin and Burns.
The Isthmus of Panama.
Its engineers believe that they have solved
the problem of the successful completion of this
Kreat enterprise. If so, It will prove a great
ixTipfit to Immunity, no more, truthfully speak
ing, than has Hostotter*H Stomach Bitters, the
remedy which never falls to cure afflictions of
the stomach— for of what use is prosperity
without health? The Bitters Invariably
strengthens weak stomachs and torpid livers,
and is one of the blessings of the aua.
HOW PHELAN BETRAYED
AND KNIFED M. C. HALEY
BEHIN 1^ *he scenes of the late Democratic convention M. C. Haley,
who had fairly won the nomination for County Clerk, was politically
knifed and robbed. The scorn of honest Democrats for the perpetrator
of the political crime is beginning to find expression. Thousands of Demo
crats who had intended to support Mayor Phelan for re-election may decide
to vote for Dr. Cleveland when they hear the true story of Haley's undoing,
which is told in the following open letter:
> SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 15, 1899. (
Hon. James^T). Phelan, Mayor of San Franclßeo:
Dear Sir— l am in receipt of your note of October 12 replying to my letter \
. of the sth inst. relating to your ienomlnation as Mayor and referring also ,
to the matter of County Clerk.
Since the writing of my letter to you the nomination of Dennis Geary <
has lif-en made, or claimed to have been made, by your convention, and with '
my usual frankness in dealing with people I feel constrained to tell you how '
, that action on the part of your convention Is regarded by myself and nun- ',
dreds of Democrats whom I lave met since that unfortunate event.
It is no exaggeration to tate that the action of the convention with re- <
spect to the County Clerk's nomination has to a great extent discredited •
the otherwise fairly good work of the convention; that the nomination of '
, such a person as Dennis Geary over a gentleman like Mr. M. C. Haley and the ' (
manner of the nomination are regarded and spoken of as a political crime:
■ and that your part in the outrage perpetrated upon Mr. Haley in robbing ntm <
of a nomination fairly won on the floor of the convention and the injury (
done the party by the nomination of an unworthy person like Geary sheds a '
, new light upon your character and places you in a very unenviable position <
before the good citizenship of this community.
It is Inexplicable to me and to those with whom I have discussed this <
entire matter, men who are conversant with the farts, men who have foi- ' (
lowed you in all your battles, how you could have become a party to this ,
dastardly act. ,
It is Inexplicable how a man like Mr. M. C. Haley, after his splendid ser- «
viceß for years to the Democratic party and his splendid services to the peo- '
pie of this community as County CWk, having bef-n robbed of the County '
Clerkship in IS!>4 through the election boards of that year, manipulated by the (
base political elements which you publicly condemn and profess to be fight
ing—how such a man could be twi^e set aside by conventions dominated <
wholly or in part by you and In the more recent one actually robbed of the
nomination through the manifest incompeteney, or, to speak more truth
fully, the unfairness of a chairman.
It cannot be understood how such a man as M. C. Haley, eulogized as he
has been by almost the entire presp of this city and repeatedly by yourself <
for his fidelity to the people and unswerving devotion to duty, could be, de- '
spite the expressed popular will, denied a place upon the Democratic ticket '
by creatures who owe their political existence to James D. Phelan. <
It cannot be explained away by any course of reasoning- why this gentle
man should have been a victim of a political trarle of Gavin McNab in one
convention and of political expediency in another— the one recently held in
Native Sons' Hall and controlled by yourself. Thero are many uncharitable
enough to say that there are other and more potent reasons for the people
being the second time denied an opportunity to vote for M. C. Haley. There
are those who say that the Fame corrupting influences that had him robbed of
the election in 1594 have been successful in keeping him from a nomination in
your two conventions; and support is given to this idea by the fact that
some of the agents of these influences who. opposed Haley in 1594 are now
engaged in an active warfare in behalf of Dennis Geary and endeavoring to
promote his election.
It appears to the honest man. to the average mind, as absolutely indefen
sible that a man so widely and favorably known as M. C. Haley, a man who
made one of the best officials this city or State has ever had, should be
treated in this manner by men claiming to represent all that is good and
pure in public life. It certainly appears indefensible that a man with his
purity and nobility of character appealing strongly to anybody having any
admiration for what is good and pure in life, a man with a splendid public
record that should appeal to any man with honesty of purpose and sincere
desire to give the public good service, a man with a personal following and
popularity calculated to appeal to any leader of political forces possessing
any political sagacity or hone.-t desire to win for his party an important office;
and lastly, a man whose recent misfortune and severe affliction should recom
mend him to the kindly consideration of his more fortunate fellow-men and
appeal to the sympathies of any man claiming to have aught of the "milk of
human kindness" in his composition— it certainly appears indefensible that
such a man should be deprived of a nomination which his loyal friends and
the independent members of that convention had manfully won for him,
despite your power and wealth, and the place upon the Democratic ticket
given, through your manipulations of a serviceable chairman, to one like
Dennis Geary, an individual whom reputable men speak of as ungrateful and
dishonest; a man whose doubtful record in civil life has been but poorly ve
neered by a military record in the late war with Spain.
And what is more to be regretted in this matter. It is said that these
facts were placed before you by reputable and disinterested people prior to
his nomination by your convention. That this can be said, or even hinted at,
is certainly regrettable. I personally know that Maurice F. Loewensteln, a
member of your convention from the Fortieth Assembly District, a very
reputable young man, of sterling character, filling a responsible position in
one of our leading wholesale houses, went behind the stage that evening
to where you were directing Geary's fight for the nomination to again pro
test to you against his nomination and to again tell you of his unsavory
record. I also know that two of the candidates on the Democratic ticket
had the courage and the manliness to go behind the stage that evening to
see you and to protest against his nomination.
As a man up to that time interested in your election as Mayor of our
fair city, and up to that time believing in the integrity of your motives and
In your honesty of purpose, I did what I deemed to be my duty in the
premises.
I wrote you, warning you against allowing your political automatons to
make this mistake. I have since learned that I was not the only one to do
so. I was not the only one who wanted to save you from the criticism sure
to follow such an act.
I am also informed that Gavin McNab, your fldus achates, your "guide,
philosopher and fri<?nd." remarked that evening: "If the records of the two
men, M. C. Haley and Dennis Geary, could be placed before the convention
there would be little chance for Phelan's candidate, Dennis Geary."
En passant, it may be here remarked that notwithstanding this declara
tion of Gavin McNab. which he ma.v now deny, the creatures in that con
vention who look to that unselfish, patriotic and distinguished gentleman for
political guidance and advice voted for Dennis Geary.
M. C. Haley has passed from the political stage discouraged and disap
pointed, his faith in man shaken and his confidence in you destroyed. His is
a record of duty well performed and reward but poorly given. Haley, the
loyal friend, the good citizen, the honest man, the faithful public servant
whose candidacy for office was never of his own seeking, opposed in 1894 by
the cohorts of boodle and robbed of the election that year by the election
boards manipulated by political bosses, who opposed because they could not
control him and this year robbed of the nomination by the forces of James D.
Phelan. is driven, by "the powerful Influences dominating this community
into retirement while unworthy men are advanced. What a lesson to our
young men entering public life!
I am a Democrat and as your ticket comes nearer to representing the
principles of my party than does the Republican local ticket, for that reason
alone I feel disposed to "make a virtue of necessity" and vote the ticket
with the exception of Dennis Geary and one or two of your Supervisors,
whom I distrust.
As a citizen mindful of the responsibilities thereof I cannot vote for Den
nis Geary, and as I frankly stated in my letter to you prior to his nomina
tion, 1 will give some of my time toward explaining why I think he should
not be elected to any office of trust or responsibility.
The manner of his nomination makes an interesting addition to the
story. The public will be fully advised of "The True Story of Geary s
Nomination, and given "a peep behind the scenes" of a convention con
trolled by a reformer. Yours truly, MARTIN W. FLEMING.
pay a big price for a tailor-made suit,
is not a possibility.
V 718 Market Street and
|iHp Cor. Powell r.nd Eddy.
34
West
JEFFRIES FAVORITE
IN THE BETTING
Heavy Wagering on the Fight by Local
Sports— Root Begins Training.
Eettlr.g on the heavy-weight contest be
tween James J. Jeffries and Thomas Shar
key is growing livelier each day. At Cor
bett'a last night over $0000 was wagered
and up to date the well-known pool-sellers
have handled over 517,000. At a late hour
Jeffries was the favorite at 10 to 6. The
following Is a copy of Corbet mutuel
board and gives a line on how the sports
are betting on the. fight by rounds:
Jack Root, the clever Chicago heavy
weight, began training for his contest
with Alex Oreggains at Croll Gardens,
Alameda' yesterday. Frank Stein, a well-
own Eastern trainer, has the former in
charge and will prepare him for his con
test, which will be held on the evening
of November la fore the Western Ath
letic Club. Root is one of those fighters
who is always in condition, but so anx
ious was he to make himself fit for the
Fight to a Draw.
STOCKTON, Oct. 3'>.— A. Ilellman of
Fred Ast of San Fran
cisco ;i'n i : the prettiest fights
over - tie Avon Theater be
:. Athletic Club to-night.
Whib ■ k < 'row ley '-ailed it
■v, as there was not sufficient dlf
tween the men to give a de
etsinii either way, Hellman had slightly
of ;!:• '-••' and would have fin
liis man had he had a few more
rounds. l\<- was the stronger and '.
rift, .mi rounds. Reccnni
knocked oui Stewart in two rounds and
the i : ■ ' tninary was
I a draw, as it was stopped by the
La Fontise Defeats Kirwan.
CHK 'A. Mose La Fontise of
• r easily d< [ Kirwan of
• -night. The bout was to have
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND HACETRACK. Monday, October 30, 1899.—Thirty-sec
ond day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track muddy.
Pears'
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
Sporting Slants from All Over the World,
coming bout he volunteered to start In.
training on the day of his arrival.
Alex Greggains has not wasted a min
ute In strengthening himself for the fight.
Each flay he goes through "a course of
sprouts" that would give some fighters
a nightmare. He arises about 6 o'clock
each morning, strolls for a couple of miles
and returns and eats a light breakfast,
after which he boards a car and goes out
to the San Bruno road. He la muffled up
with heavy clothes and begins a sprint
back to the San Francisco Athletic Club,
■where he is taken in hand and given a
good rub-down. In the afternoon he bats
the punching-bag for a half hour and
then boxes with Russell, the heavy
weight, Mllletts, a clever middle-weight,
and with all of the clever amateurs who
will spar with him. The latter are al
ways anxious, as Aloe imparts many
points to them.
Gregpains has all the confidence of win
ning the contest. Tie said yesterday he
would either surprise the, people or Root
would surprise him. If he does not
achieve a victory he swears he will never
enter the ring again. Alec is stronger
now that he has ever been before and his
punches have tremendous power behind
them.
Manager Long has matched Toby Irwln
and Jack Er>nis to meet at 125 pounds on
the night of the Greggains-Root fight.
Fred Ast and Jack Weeday will also meet
that evening at l">0 pounds. Weeday Is
training with Root and gives promise of
putting up a good battle.
been for six rounds, but in the first min
ute of the second round Kirwan was put
out by a swing on the jaw. La Fontise
had the better of the tight all the way
and nearly put Kirwan out in the first
round, the bell sounding in time to save
the Chicago fighter.
Schaefer in Poor Form.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— The first night's
play In the 900-poinl cushion carom bil
liard match between Slosson and Bchaefer
■ resulted in an easy victory for Si
Schaefer being outplayed by 300 points
against I^s. The play will continue to
morrow night where it left oft to-night.
, Slosson showed much the better form,
' i:is average being Just about even with
the best match average on record. Schae
fer, on the ether hand, was woefully
weak on two-cushion phots and r<
edly missed plays that many le?s expert
players would not often slip up on. Slos-
w-^the'hw 3 ! ln , h 8 orty-s!xth Inning
th«t s/i, ? Rcst of the evp n'ng- The best
that Schaefer could do was a run of 2L
Freshmen Team in Good Shape.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 30-
The entire freshman team, with the ex
ception of Smith, appeared on the field
this -evening: ready to go on with their
the ? ln h n^ nd evldentl >' none the worse for
nf th. 5. K ime last Saturday. Several
?n»th.v w av l ROod prospects of mak
ing the varsity team this fall, while the
other men , have been retained by Cham
berlin to play, with the second eleven.
Keftrns Knocks Out Flaherty.
ISEW YORK, Oct. 30.-Tim Kearna of
?° stO p Sf nocke ? out Ma «in Flaherty of
Loweil Mass in the second round at 'the
I tfr! v? Ift i, Bronkl V"- to-nißht with
a terrible left blow on the heart.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
HARD FIGHTING IS PROMISED
LOVERS OF THE FISTIC GAME
f\lKEr ri^CIUREr
Amateurs Who Will Contest Before the San Francisco Athletic Club.
THE manner- ment of the- San Francisco Athletic Club
lias but one regret, and that is, its clubrooms at
317 Sixth street art- n"t large enough to accommo
date the lovers of boxing who swarm to each fistic
exhibition giv< n under its auspices. The Beating ca
pacity has been Increased, but the popularity of the
monthly exhibitions is so creat that standing room is at
a premium on the nigh) of one of these affairs.
For Thursday evening four pairs of clever boxers
are scheduled to make things hum. "Thirty-two rounds
of boxing by a splendid array "f leading amateur talent
on the coast'" is the way Alec Greggai&a puts it, but
knock-outs are so frequent that the bouts seldom go the
limit.
Mike M<*Clure and Charles Revini ;»re. to meet at 145
pounds in an eight-round contest. The bout will be the
event of the evening and promises plenty of excitement.
McClure is a prototype of Champion Frank Erne, on a
SHARKEY'S
ADVICE TO
HIS FRIENDS
Tells Each of Them to
Wager That He Will
Defeat Jeffries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— T0 some friends
who were grouped around him this morn
ing at his training quarters in New York
Bharkey said positively that he would!
knock out Jeffries In fifteen rounds in the j
contest for the heavy-weight champion- !
ship of the world at the Coney Island
Sporting Club on Friday iiiKlit , and ad- I
vised all his admirers to have :-mall bets!
on him. The sailor pugilist made a state
ment after a thorough summing up of his !
own and Jeffries' record as fighter?. \
Sharkey pointed out thai it was an open 1
question as to whether Jeffries could take
punishment or not, while his own capa
city for punishment had been tested thor
oughly with Fltsslmmons, McCoy, Maher
and other noted hard-hitting pugilists.
Personally, the Bailor-pugilist Bald, he did
not think that Jeffries could stand any I
great amount of punishment. He declared ■
in positive terms that he would prove the ]
correctness of his estimate of the Cali
fornian's ability to take punishment when
J^^^^p^^^^^^^^^^M^ 29 (We retail only to the people of San Francisco and vicinity.) ~^jßJ|i I UJ^^p
B^^^^^^^H On Sale TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY. J|
|] All wool; in all colors. Ages from 3to S. fi^J/W v^jf/\H '&
jWB^B|4" -' t ■?*' '""^ip^KSfli^ In heavy all-wool blue kersey ; also in brown tweed ; fr~Mf H I^3l
JBtbEl^^EßßfflMJMly J^' in astral<hnn anJ chinchilla. Velvet— or large saiior H iL j/^ffl
Jsk ; -,, : '■ "\r: '■■• ■'■' -.Vv i^pP^ collar. Ages 6to 15. ••••• ; y /tffi
Bk AUr\! CATIIDniV k. J&s Hk V "BlSpl' MOW Bft^ HSP ■-^^BW ' l=L^=i' IH
ISll-lzS^Scinsornc <si. nrPino
H Efaa 9 B Qnl wv. t>J l>4 I 1 103 \*r 111 I • II IT. r Ifl ■ ; ' ' : '
REVINf
little larger scale. He possesses tremendous hitting pow
ers, and judging by his work in training, he has the aver
age cleverness of an amateur boxer. Good reports have
been received from the Observatory Athletic Club, where
Revini has won his spurs.
Another contest that will be worth seeing Is that be
tween "Kid" Johnson and Ben Hart, a protege of Rufe
Turner. Johnson is conditioning himself for a hard bout
and la now in fln« fettle. William Condon and Charles
Fred" rleks will meet at 140 pounds the same night. The
bout will be a fierce one, as the boys do not love each
other. "Kid" Wilson and Joe Long are on the card to
meet at 145 pounds. Wilson comes highly recommended
from Angels Camp and will probably put up a good
light. He has no easy task cut out for him, as Joe Long
has won (oca! fame as a scrapper of hisli order.
Alec t iregprainns will probably act as referee, and his
presence hi the ring is a sure guarantee that there will
be no fakfng.
they exchanged blows at the seasklo (
arena. |
Sharkey boliovos he can deliver a murh
harder ;ihil more effective blow than J«-f- ,
fries and that he can afford to take at ;
leas! three of Jeffries' blows in order t>>
land "i.e. Whether Bharkey*a estimate of i
Jeffries is correct or not their meeting
on Friday nlphi will determine; but the
fact remains that the sailor Is absolutely I
confldeni of success. 1
Bharkey showed In his prymnaslum work |
to-day that he is as near the ideal of
physical perfection as possible. There is j
noi an ounce of superfluous flesh on his
body. He is one mass of muscles, and, j
although apparently as hard as nails, is
nevertheless very active. His exercise to
doora to-day consisted of boxing bouta
With Armstrong and Dlxon. bae-punching
and handball and an eight-mile spin on
ad. Although the exercise he took
was of a vigorous and trying nature,
Sharkey did not show distress at any
period of his work. He is perfectly trained
and says that he never felt better pre- ;
pared for a fight than he does at present.
Many persons have been of the opinion .
that Sharkey made a mistake in extend-
Ing the time of battle one week, so as
to give Jeffries an apportunity to pot his
Injured arm into proper shape again; t.ut
the sailor said this idea was an erroneous
one.
"I need the extra week, I gaiess, just |
as much as Jeffries, so my friends need
have no concern about my being over
trained, T am just in the right condition,
and that's all there is to it. '
Be that as it may, "Tommy" Ryan aud |
"Billy" Delaney, under whose supervision
Jeffries has been training at Allenhurst.
N. J., said to-day that they considered
the extra week's time most beneficial to
Jeffries. He looked much better to-day
than he did a week ago, and Ryan and i
Delaney both said that had Jeffries
fought last Friday night he would have
been unable to do himself justice.
The California^ himself believes that
the extension of time was a point in his
favor. He certainly looked well to-day
during his exercise work, which was of a
trying character. He punched the ball
had boxing bouta with Ryan and "Jack"
Jeffries, wrestled with Roeber and played
handball. At the conclusion of his day's
work lie looked in fine shape and showed
no indications of the tired feeling which
is so characteristic of the untrained ath
lete.
Jeffries gave no expression of opinion
as to how long the fight would last. He
said his style of fighting would bo gov.
erned entirely by that employed by Snar
key.
"It may be a short fight and it may
be a long one, but when it is all over I'll
collect the winner's share of the purse."
FOOTBALL SCHEDULES.
Arrangement of Games Between IT.
C. and Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 80-
Football Managers Berry of Stanford
and Muma of Berkeley have arranged the
following schedule of games to be played
by the big varsity teams:
November 4— Stanford vs. Olympic, Six
teenth and Folsom streets grounds, San
Francisco; University of California vs.
University of Nevada, U. C. Campus.
November 7— Stanford vs. Olympic, Stan
ford Campus. November li— University
of California, vs. Olympic, Sixteenth and
Folsom streets grounds; Stanford vs.
University of Nevada, Stanford Campus.
November 18 — Stanford vs. Olympic, Six
teenth and Folsom streets ground: Uni
niversity of California vs. university of
Oregon, U. C. Campus. November 30—
Stanford vs. California, Sixteenth and
Folsom streets grounds, 2:30 p. m.
SUCCESSFUL
DEBUT OF A
CRACK RIDER
Tommy Burns Was on Mag
dalenas, Receiving an Ova
tion — Upsets at Oakland.
Tommy Burns, the Intrepid Middle
Western rider, made his California debut
at Oakland track yesterday, and scored a
signal success. He stayed away from the
Jockey room and mud-bespattered colors
until the last race, when he made the weight
on flying Magdalenas. The event was a
five furlong selling handicap and the mare
opened a 6 to 5 choice, receding later to
11 to 5. Burns comes here with a reputa
tion as a wonder at getting away from
the barrier, and he certainly is good.
Swinging the mare around at about the
fourth breakaway, he was away in front,
leading at one time by a dozen lengths.
The chestnut filly backed up somewhat,
but at the wire he held Novla safe, winning
by a length. Burns was accorded a hearty
welcome as he issued from the paddock
and received quite an ovation from the
assembled crowd as he returned to the
stand on the back of the winner.
As usual, the muddy footing proved
confusing, and several well-backed horses
ran disappointingly. Still, favorites about
held their own by capturing three of the
six events decided.
By long odds the best contest of the
afternoon was the six and a half furlong
sprint for two-year-olds, with Southern
Girl, Bathos, Princess Zeika, Alee and
The Scot as starters. Princess Zeika,
after opening up at 6 to 1 and closing at
10 and 11, turned up winner after a stub
born and desperate duel the last furlong
with Bathos. Southern Girl was always
a prominent favorite in the betting, and
though making a great showing was un
able to concede the weight. Picking up
110 pounds with Bathos, the pair chased
off in the lead, with Ward, on the Prin
cess, trailing behind in fourth position.
As the stretch turn was rounded Ward
made his move, pulling up with the lead
ers. Over a furlong from home the favor
ite was tiring and Bathos looked groggy.
The latter responded gamely, however,
when Jones called on him again, and in
a very close and exciting finish lost by a
scant head. Southern Girl was a lair
third. Alee, after acting badly at the
post, showed to excellent advantage and
will undoubtedly be heard from later on.
Miss Madeline, 0 to 10 favorite in the
betting, took the opening five-furlong spin
from lllilouette, after leading all the way.
Tionza ran a fatr third.
"Butch" Fisher's gelding. Plan, was
quite the thing in the betting on the
seven furlong selling run. In a collision
Just as the barrier was released he had
none the best of it, losing three or four
lengths, and was beaten handily by Mont
allade, the third choice. Jack Martin
rode the winner and made a good Job of
It Don Luis ran an indifferent third.
T. Walsh straddled Castake, favorite
for the mile and a sixteenth free handi
cap, and his saddle work was capital.
He waited on Mamie G until well into
the stretch, where he began sawing wood
and moved to the front. At the last
Reolia came with a rush, compelling
Walsh to ride his mount out to win by
a neck. After opening at 6 to 5 and re
ceding to 9 to 5 Mamie G, the original
favorite, finished third.
The Baldwin stable furnished the sen
sational one in the mile run, for which
Recreation went to the post an 11 to 10
choice. The brown filly dropped in with
Jack Martin and 86 pounds in the saddle,
and sifted along out in the lead. The
favorite made a bid for it at the paddock,
but her legs wobbled and the outsider
crossed the line winner by a head. Show
honors fell to Rainier.
Track Notes.
In the bumping match a3 the barrier
was released in the second event Lodestar
fared badly, losing four or five lengths
to begin with. Songer then made no ef
fort to get up to the leaders. For his
Btrange conduct he was ordered suspended
by the judges for the balance of the week.
In explaining the ride Songer said sev
eral owners had complained about his
unnecessary punishment of their horse 3
and he supposed he was doing right in
not trying to use Lodestar when appar
ently the horse had no chance.
On Thursday morning, at 10 o'clock, at
the corner or Fifteenth and Valencia
streets, 100 head of horses, including many
thoroughbreds and trotters, the property
of Dan McCarty, will be sold at auction.
The stock is now on the premises and
may be inspected by any one Interested.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; Belling:
175 Vishun 112 20S Mr Dear 97
193 Sport McAllister.ll2 221 Alturas 97
211 P. A. Finnegan..!^ 189 Judge Wofford.... 104
...St. Algnon 109 201 >la«ter Lee 97
221 Monda 97 208 Rlcardo 109
119 Aprona 109 ... Florence Fink 97
20S Starling 109
Second race— Six furlong?; three-year-olds and
upward; puree:
201 Major Cook 109' 127 ManzanlUa 109
201 Tourist II M 226 Jennie Reid Wi
201 High Hoe 109 i
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; purse:
214 Alaska 104] ... "Wild Het 109
... Osculation 100 ... Ostler Joe 112
214 Shnnnnnette HV4.215 San Carlos 104
... Schiller 112|
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; all ages; selling:
... Tirade 116 226 Coda 110
215 "Whalobaek 105 (223) Allenna 91
227 Ringmaster ....110 220 Jolly Urlton.... S7
(197) Lovdal 113
Cast
' ' Fifth race-Futurity course; three-year-olds
and upward; selling: . ,
' 221 Modwena 1041 ... Fiero ........... 97
201 Term. Maid 109 210 Sal <"*> d . wi ""--l™
210 Chihuahua 109! ... Jingle Jingle. "1™
210 Lonn. Marie 109 1 ... Tullamore 109
... Racery 97 (1S8) Kootenai 104
(208) Wilmeter 112| 167 Gauntlet 10'
Sixth race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds and
upward; selling:
... Miss Motrell.... 95 (164) The Buffoon....
223 Daniel 103 217 The Echo 102
157 Mountaineer ...106 217 Expedient 100
223 Bamboulia 108 106 Pldalia vh
... Elbe 107 223 Halifax 93
187 Sisquoc 97
Selections for To-Day.
First Master Lee, Judge "Wofford, St.
Aignon.
Second race— Jennie Reid, Major Cook, High
Hoe.
• Third race— Schiller, Ostler Joe, Osculation.
Fourth race— Ailonna, Lovdal, Whaleback.
Fifth race— Pallie Goodwin, Chihuahua,
Gauntlet.
Sixth race— Daniel, The Buffoon, Elbe.
For More Sports See Ninth Page.
MINISTER UNDER ARREST.
Charged With the Violation of the
Election Laws.
PASADENA. Oct. 30.— Rev. M. C. Hayes
of Lamanda Park was arrested to-day
for violation of the election law at the
sanitary district election of October 10.
Charles Corin of Lamanda Park swore
to a complaint charging Rev. Mr. H
with eloctionferin^ within 100 feet of the
polls. Corin is represented by M. H. I
who was attorney for the Baloonnfen in
the fight against the establishment of the
district. This is regarded as a move of
th.- saloonmen to gain time.
Rev. Mr. Hayes was arrested and plead
ed not guilty. He will be tried without a
jury Saturday morning. Rev. Mr. Hives
simply asked a voter. In a bantering man
ner, how he was going to vote.
KILLED BY A STRAY BULLET.
Woman Shot While Watching a
Fight From a Window.
IROXTON, Ohio, Oct. 30.— C. P. Moora
of Green River, Ky., resisted arrest for
disorderly conduct this afternoon and a
running fight ensued. Moore emptied a
3?-calibor revolver, and one bullet, which
went wild, passed through the window of
a residence, killing Mrs. l.nt Home, wifa
of a clothing salesman, who was watrh
ing the. fight. Moore was finally captured
after he had received slight wounds.
WEARY,
CAREWORN,
piTABLE,
igaaajfrelfsjfSjKsj fj w 1 1 h a P -
BuBBP^BWBjfrfaWW petite gone.
$&'S^ssf. l \ \ K^*^*^"*^ P*" 1 " 80115 w-hose
??Hjk'- r .. lii M and ctmstant
i M f^ y.ir-jJm '' o nflnement
By I I I HfISS indoors have
DH: I H robbed of vi-
HV/ i \|B H tallty and
Iff I '^SH nervr ''"""'•
HIBg \]^B bus i ness cares
■QBl I l^^fl ant ' anxieties.
IL I 1 vHm ° r other
W** 575 sS K^i reduced have
;l^ nervous vital-
ij?&lg£>^g% 1 — tf S^'"^?^^ ity anil vlgor -
if M W»JnS Don't ko on
B^uß' wSS a^M suffering a s
5 If (HSi cure y° u -
• | c '•• !■" the best recu-
808 "H ilj perant of ex-
PHJ ■ 11 haunted phy-
'u Bl i 1 \ sical energy
Hi ■ \ A \ known. HUD-
L£6 a I a BY \ VAX relieves
OCT -t 7♦/ I^si-V iUI the ahoVrt
// \ / /**\ s y m p toms,
/ L J»XI yM&Sbj also headache
#r*s/>-*" ""■"'-^ and dizzy
1 S^^ spells (fig. ."),
hollow eyes (flg. 4) and haggard look (fig. 3),
oppressed feeling in chest iflg. 1), palpitation of
heart (fig. 2), weakness of limbs (fig. 6).
HUDYAN cures all weak-nerve conditions.
HUDYAN allays pain and nervous excitability.
HUDYAN gives a general glow of health.
HUDYAN is for men and women. It cures.
Get HUDYAN from your druggist, 50c a pack-
age; six packages for $2 SO. If your druggist
does not keep it, send direct to the HIT VAN'
REMEDY CO., corner Stockton, Ellis and Mar-
ket streets, San Francisco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
3 Bin ami Bfl EBB ttTitJ
Bj bp a I i fin 188 V I BsS
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SpOKOT DESPAIR ! Do not Su-
ffer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of >ervou« Debility ara
absolutely cured by PEKFkY*T<i
TA B 1-jETS. Give prompt relief tTfin-
somma failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace op the system. Give jta^ bloom to tha
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-KAvonncor ofd
i One 50c box renews vital energy. {• 1 1 J6 boxes at
•1. 50 a complete guaranteed cure or nion^y re-
funded. Can be carried in vest p oc ? %nl7l
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on rnwlnt «f
• price by TUB PKKFKCTO &., toxton Bld 5 ., Chli.go lU.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
fllllDß. HALL'S BEINVIGQRA TOR
Bjgjj Eys Five hundred reward for any
f'l li case we cannot cure. This secret
Etas* "WSM « med y "ops all losses in 2$
Xl WIL & re ? Emissions, Impo-
U33 CLUH c , nc^ Sf. rlcoce J c - Gonorrhoea.
Wttm WBB V» I 1 * lts> Strictures, Lost
|£y— <Wyj .Manhood and all wasting effect*
, . TTtr ot self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■ •ealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. »5; guaranteed to
£ ure a ,°y case - Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 555 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
fcr sale at 1073',, Market st., S. F All private
flUea*es quickly cured. Send for free book-
A GRAND COLLECTION
OF RARE. BEAUTIFUL. VALUABLE AND
SCIENTIFIC MINERALS (at a sacrifice).
Parties desirous of examining same address
Mineralogist, box 2SSS, Call office.
W1 **** afg -'iiJii"HiiirrT p^''" r '7 i'mry_i_ißW'i.v'ix"L'itf^
BOCA HOTEL.
F Truck^H^^'T AND . FISHING ONTHB
boating i L Vtp V Pieaaant gunny rooms, good
TvmESPi.?* . lake; boatt free to pieita. prloet
1 "mllles. w j UcDONAX,D. Manager.SKIRMISHES RESULT
IN FILIPINO LOSSES
Colonel Bell's Regiment Twice De=
feats Insurgent Forces Near
Labam.
O °
♦ MANILA, Oct. 31, 8:50 a. m.— Major Ballance's battalion of the Twenty- +.
O second Infantry entered Cabanatuan yesterday, meeting with no resistance. O
♦ The natives welcomed the Americans, shouting "Viva loa Americanos." The ♦
insurgent troops fled to the mountains. 5
Will be appointed Military Governor of the Mohammedan J
« Islands, with headquarters at Jolo, until Zamboanga is occupied. General
O Fred Grant will command General Bates' brigade. O
MANILA, Oct. 30.— Three companies of
nel BelTs regiment had two en
counters with the Insurgents near Labam
and scattered them. The Insurgents left
f"ur officers and eight men on the field
and the Americans captured several
guns. On the American side one man
was killed and two officers and six men
v. iunded.
Captain French took a reconnoitering
party beyond l.abam after he had nut
the enemy and was reinforced by Major
Bishop with two companies. The ln
:its brought up cavalry reinforce
ments and there was a second fight, dur
ing whi<-h their leader, Major Salvador,
was killed and many were wounded and
carried away.
Colonel Bell has been given a free hand
around Bacolor. He has sixty mounted
men searching the country daily and
they are killing many Filipinos In
skirmishes.
The Spanish commission which entered
the . Ines ;t nin th ago with
money to relieve the wants of several
thousand military and civil Spanish
prisoners, returned to Angeles to-day.
report that they
the time in Tarlac and
;h.-re are sonic :?•) sick
lards in the hospital. The Filipinos
ill-treat and 111-feed them, refusing to
well as the other
rs, in the hope of com
e :ize the inde
• > island.
From Tarlac to liamban, about two
thlrds "f the way, the eommlssl 'ivrs
traveled by train <>n the Manila-Dagupan
Tin: remainder of the journey
. Bamban to Angeles they made on
■ted by handsomely mounted
..airy. They were received be"
by a member of Gen
iff and were brought
in t ■ Manila.
irteen American prisoners,
at Tarlac, all of whom are
well treated. Lieutenant J. C. Gilmore
Ited States gunboat Yorktown,
who fell into the hands of the insurgents
at Baler, on the east coast of Luzon, last
Apr:, the Yorktown had gone on
a special mission to relieve the Spanish
garrison, is at Bingat.
The commissioners have brought a let
■ ral « 'tis from a relative of the
murdered Filipino General Luna, who
wishes to avenge the assassination by
Aguinaldo' and who asks a per-
Interview with the military gov-
Accordlng w the commissioner's
ment Aguinaldo, who is still at Tar
lac with ;;'<«' troops, wishes to continue
war, although he has a high opinion
■ American "flioers and soldiers.
:, he calls "Ei General de
la Noche" Ithe night general), because
that commander has attacked him bo
often in the darkness that he never
knows when to look for him. Aguinaldo
I to be well supplied with arms and
ammunition and he is able to get plenty
from the northern provinces.
With the Spanish commissioners came
: women, the families
Kht prominent officers of the Filipino
army, who recently applied to General
■ r permission to send their families
the receipt of the mili
tary governor's reply, the nature of
which has not been disclosed, the women
and children started under e-^ort from
Tarlac for the American lines. When
they arrived to-day General Mac Arthur
them to halt about a mile be
tposts, where they will re
main while their credentials are being ex
amined.
FILIPINO LADRONES
AND CHINESE FIGHT
WASHINGTON, Oct. "o.— Recent mall
advices from Manila show the existence
of much uneasiness among the Chinese
residents of the city and Ruburbs due to
is conflicts between the na
tive Filipinos and the Chinese. One of
the sources of friction appears to be the
displacement of Chinese laborers for Fil
ipinos <>n a considerable amount of Gov
ernment work. The transportation quar
termaster general discharged 200 Chinese
and ; places with Filipinos, most
of them Macabebes, brought from the
Interior. The discharge of the Chinese Is
paid to bo due to their unwillingness to
be shifted to various points where the
emergency v.'>rk was to be done. In the
suburbs of Blnondo a party of Chinese
was attacked by native Ladrones and a
pitched battle ensued, one of (.he Chinese
g killed rind several others wounded.
Word has been received here of the fur
ther extension of civil administration of
the towns adjacent to Manila. These In
clude Pasig, Tstguig and Pateros. where
elections have been held under the direc
tion of the military officials in order to
re a full quota of native officers to
carry on the civil affairs of the town.
An order from the Eighth Army Corps
also directs the election of a new Mayor
ts, as the one formerly chosen has
failed to exercise his functions of late and
If thought to have gone over to the insur-
Orders were Issued by the commissary
irtment to-day for the purchase of
standard emergency rations. This
ded for the use of parties
temporarily beyond reach of their
■nmunlcatlon, when It Is impos
for them to get the regular army ra
tion The supplies In question wIH be
n New York and sent at once
m r'ranjclsco for use In the Philip-
A telegraphic report to thf> chief com
trom Colonel Smith at Manila
■ has Just finished an Inspec
rehouses at the American
Luzon and that everything Is in
itlon, the troops receiving
full : every one being satisfied.
arrived to-day at Gibral
tar ■ te to Manila. The Marietta,
aisi M • Ha, arrived at Ponta
Saturday. Commander E. H.
bached from the com
mand . . at Manila and or
ttng orders. His place
as c the Monterey will be
takr;; rC C. Cornwall, now
In command ol the Petrel at Manila.
given for the Forty
ninth V Lei i colored organization,
m .i " rson Barracks, ivio., on
the '7th • -h for San Francisco,
where they will take ship for Manila.
OTIS REPORTS RECENT
FIGHTS AND LOSSES
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The War De- j
partment has received the following dis
patches from General Otis: ■■'-. -. i* • ;';■
MANILA. Oct. 30.— Transport Glenogle, 29 of- '
ficers, 716 men, Thirty-st-cond Volunteers, ar- j
rived in good condition. One casualty: Pri- ,
vate Edward R. McOaruUesß. Company K. died
at sea Oct. 21; cause, sejrtic peritonitis. '
" * OTIS
MANILA. Oct. —Detachment Bell's TeKl
mert. Thirty-sixth Volunteers, reconnoiterinr
toward Florida Bianca, Wfjt Gua*ua. struck :
body of insurgents in newly constructed
trenches. It attacked and drove the enemy
who left in the hands or the detachment four
insurgent officers and eight enlisted men killed- >
threo prisoners a.. nine rifles. Casualties: I
Captain French j and ; Lieutenant Ferguson I
wounded, not dah«erou»}y; one enlisted man .
killed, six wounded. OTIS
The War Department has received the
following casuality list from General Otis !
dated October 28:
Killed— Civilian on tup Oceania, River i
Chico, Pampanga, October 22. John D
Dean, blacksmith; Twenty-first Infantry
George Mitchell.
Wounded— < Ivllian employe on tug Oce
ania. River Cbico, Pampanga, October 22,
W. P. Chamberlain, severe; Twenty-first
Infantry at ('alamba, Company B, Cor
poral Amezee Elliott, shoulder, moderate;
October 23, Company D, Ernest Knowles,
thigh, severe George Smith, knee, se
\. re.
Also the following deaths since last re
port: Uraemia. October 1, William E.
Fauber, Company X, Sixth Infantry; epl
lepsy, 6th, Edgar A. Kenney, Company E,
Nineteenth Infantry; drowning, acciden
tal. 16th. John L. Hand, Company M,
::i Cavalry; pneumonia, 19th, James
Hart, oiler ship Yorktown; gastro ente
ritis. Michael Darry, Company B, Twen
ty-flrst Infantry; pulmonary tuberculosis,
21st. Robert H. Smith, Company E.
Twelfth Infantry: anaemia, 22d, Charles
H. Slater. Comsany H. Twenty-first In
fantry; gunshot wound, accidental. 23d,
Frank Gravelly. Company H, Twenty
seventh Infantry; acute dysentery. Cor
poral Edward Harris. Company F, Twen
ty-first Infantry; 24th, Charles Skinner.
Company H, Fourth Infantry; chronic
dysentery, Alexander M. Culrose, Com
pany K. Fourth Infantry; 27th, Robert
M. Richwine. Company E. Thirty-seventh
Infantry; chronic diarrhea. 26th. Edward
S. Bruce, Company I, 'iwelfth Infantry.
FRIARS BANISHED FROM
THE ISLAND OF GUAM
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The Navy De
partment has received a report from Cap
tain Leary. the naval Governor of the
island of Guam, in the Ladrones, which
has excited a good deal of Interest among
the officials to whom it has been exhib
ited. The President himself has read the
report, his interest being particularly at
tracted by the disclosure of the fact that
the first Americaji Governor of the isl
and has been obliged to adopt heroic
measures to insure a proper administra
tion of affairs there Captain Leary soon
learned that his authority as Governor
was being subverted and every one of
the measures of reform which he pro
posed was being defeated by the hostile
Influence of the friars. They resisted
every decree, no matter of what charac
ter, from a spirit of intense conserva
tism, and a belief that any disturbance
of the order of things which had gov
erned the Island for so many years would
cause them to lose their hold upon the
natives.
After exhausting all other means to
overcome this influence. Captain Leary
reports that he was obliged to notify a
half dozen of the friars that they might
have free transportation away from
Guam and he should expect them to avail
themselves of the offer. That left but
one friar on the island, and he was a
man whose character ami reputation were
such as to convince Captain Leary of his
fitness to remain.
QUANTITY OF STORES
TO BE SENT TO GUAM
Now the Navy Department Is not un
mindful of the needs and necessities of
the Island of Guam Is evidenced by the
fact that yesterday noon bids were
opened at the United States Navy Pay
Office In this city fur a large quantity of
ptores for Captain Leary. The supplies
will be shipped to Guam by the united
States steamship Solace, which is now at
Mare Island rapidly preparing for sea
and getting stores aboard. Her destina
tion la Manila, but s»he will drop in at
Guam en route. Twenty thousand feet
of wroughtlron pipe, thousands of fe< t
of castiron pipe, together with all kinds
of fittingu and connections, pig lead, pipe
cutters, wrenches, drills and a large quan
tity of sewer pipe are among the arti
cles purchased. The navy paymaster
bought a complete sawmill outfit, con
sisting of boiler, engine and carriage and
no doubt this will prove quite a novelty
to the natives when in working order.
The Solace Ik scheduled to leave about the
Bth of November.
Last week the navy paymaster deliv- i
ered to A. S. Carman a contract for about ;
$28,000 for the supply of nearly 500,000 feet
f.f lumber, Including a quantity of spars,
the same to be delivered at the navy sta- :
tlon at Cavlte. P. I. Mr. Carman has
chartered a palling vessel and has com
menced already to assemble the cargo,
which he has agreed to deliver at Cavite ',
In HO days.
CHRISTMAS BOXES FOR
AMERICAN SOLDIERS
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— At the army I
pier in Brooklyn a corps of men is busily
engaged In receiving and recording the
wagon loads of boxes which come In from :
all parts of the country for the United
States Midlers in the Philippines, The
Government furnishes free transportation
and many persons are taking advantage
of the fact to send Christmas boxes to
their relatives and friends in Manila.
There were packages and bundles of all !
sizes, each carefully labeled and in most
cases stamped "Christmas box" In large,
black letters. Not only were there pack
ages from Individuals, but many firms I
sent packages, and among these was en
large box of literature for sick soldiers.
It Is expected that the transport |
Thomas, which sails on Saturday with
the Forty-seventh Regiment, will take '
most of the 3000 packages now at the pier, j
After her departure other gifts will be I
forwarded by the Meade, Logan and
Crook, when their respective sailing dates
are settled.
Forty-Second Is Coming.
BUFFALO. N. V., Oct. 30.— The Forty-
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
$200.00 in Gold Given Away.
IT COSTS NOTHING TO TRY.
To the readers of this paper, who oan write the
most effective advertisement of Duffy' I'nrn Matt
Whiskey (the old family remedy) we will give—
$200 OO— sloo.oo to the 3rat, $60.00 to the second,
$25.00 to the third. $10.00 each to the fourth and
fifth, and $5.00 to the sixth.
ANYONE CAN DO IT.
There are thousands of young: men and women
who possess treat abtlit" for writing advertisements.
If they know it. well and good. If they do not know
It they may discover that they possess a new source
of income. Uo not think because you htve not had
a college education that yon cannot write an effective,
forceful advertisement. Strong, true, and simple
every day words are all you need to convince the
PI Tho inftJorlty of the most successful advertising
writers in the country to-day are self-educated men
and women. It is a clear presentation of bright
Ideas that make an advertising writer successful, c .
One writer Jumped from oblivion to fame or
writing a prize story for a New York paper. .A^few
years a*o he was unheard of— to-day his writings
are in demand at fabulous prices. _.,,
You may not be aware that a first-class advertising
writer commands a lanre salary. Many make lrpm
000 to $20,000 annually. Perhaps you have the
latent ability stored up. unknown to yourself. • Here
Is your opportunity to make a test on it. v»no
knowsT-pirhaps your fortune depends on the wnt-
'^Ws^a^raTo^k of information regarding
Pufly's Pure. Malt Whiskey, containing sample
advertisements, for » two cent stamp to cover
P Kve?ya'lTertisoment received will be ( paid for if
osed. at the uniform rate of 00. beside the prize!
•ffsred above. Offer stood until Hot. lftth.
Send as many advertisements as you like.
I>«|y Malt *"**%s%s£% >lt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
HERNANDEZ WILL GIVE
CASTRO MUCH TROURLE
Counter Revolution Likely to Involve Vene
zuela In Internecine Strife for Some
Time to Come.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. 30. -The official announcement of the de
parture of Hernandez with 2000 men from Caracas, presumably for the purpose of inaugurating a counter revolution
against the de facto Government of Venezuela, was received at the State Department to-day. Minister Loomis, dip
lomatic representative of the United States to Venezuela, telegraphed to the State Department this afternoon that
Hernandez left Caracas at midnight last night. He significantly added that next to De Castro General Hernandez
was the strongest leader in Venezuela, so that it is probable that unless an agreement should be reached bloodshed
will continue in the little republic.
It is presumed by officials that the departure of Hernandez Is due to his failure to reach an arrangement with De Cas
tro whereby he should be elected as President. It will be recalled that Hernandez was a candidate for election when An
drade was declared President. He claimed that Andrade's election was the result of fraud. He was arrested in Caracas
with some of his followers and thrown into prison, from which he was liberated by De Castro.
The continuance of revolutionary conditions in Venezuela Is very disappointing to the officials, especially in view of
the lack of ships for service in South and Central American waters. It has been intended to order the Detroit to pro
ceed to Cartagena or Colon to take care of American interests In Colombia, threatened by the insurrection prevailing
there, but this is now Impossible.
The Marblehead will proceed to Panama and the Scorpion early next month to Colon with- members of the Isthmian
second Regiment started from Fort Ni
agara for San Francisco en route for Ma
nila to-day. In the absence of Colonel
Thompson, who is in the Philippines.
Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Beacom was in
command.
PHILIPPNE COMMISSION
BEGINS ITS SITTING
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The Philippine
Commission held its first meeting at the
quarters selected for it in the Arlington
to-day. Professor Schurmann, for whose ;
arrival the other members have been
waiting, reached Washington this morn
i ing and paid an early call at the State
Department, after which he went to tha
I commission's rooms, where Admiral Dew
ey and Colonel Denby were waiting.
Professor Worcester was the last to ar
rive and the commission sat down to
j business soon after 10 o'clock. It was
■ announced before the meeting that all
1 the sessions would be secret and that none
j of the deliberations would be made pub
lic until the commission had finished its
: labors. Colonel Denby said no programme
! had been arranged and It was impossible
to say even what general course would I
| be followed until after the commissioners ]
1 had discussed the matter.
The commission reorganized its clerical
! force and roughly blocked out the form i
!of its report. There is a mass of material j
i on hand and a good part of the report is i
already written. It was said after the '
meeting that it was too soon to say how
long the work in hand would take, but
the suggestion was made by one member
that it would be a matter of some weeks, j
' but not much longer. The commission ■
will meet daily from 10 until 1 o'clock, [
■ leaving the afternoons and evenings for
Individual work.
SOLDIERS CHARGED
WITH MISCONDUCT
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 30.— Honolulu
advices report that the transport Zea
landia sailed for Manila on October 14,
the Valencia on October 17, the Sikh and
Rio de Janeiro on October 18. During the
stay of the Thirty-fifth Regiment at
Honolulu many outrages were perpe
trated by some of its members. Japanese
and Chinese storekeepers were assaulted
and robbed, the police Interfered with and
a reign of terror seemed imminent. Major
Surgeon J. C. Shulte of the Thirty-fifth
was ordered to hjp quarters on the Rio I
de Janeiro for drunkenness, and, it is
■aid, resigned his commission rather
than stand trial by a court-martial on I
charges filed by Colonel Plummer. The
Rio de Janeiro and the Sikh sailed to
gether, carrying the Thirty-fifth, the
former transport having orders to keep
the Sikh In sight the entire way to the
Philippines.
HAWAIIAN MINISTER
KING DIES SUDDENLY
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 30.— Honolulu
advices report that James Anderson
King, Minister of the Interior of the Ha
waiian Islands, died of apoplexy on Oc
tober I*s. He, with his family, were at a
watering place at Mokapu Point. While
bathing in about two feet of water he
was stricken and fell face forward in the
wat«-r. His small son attempted to raise
him and at the same time called for as
sistance, but when it arrived life was
extinct.
Minister King was a native of Scotland
and was 67 years of age. He Is well
known on the Pacific Coast, having been
master of vessels coasting in early days
as far north as Alaska. With the over
throw of the monarchy he became Min
ister of the Interior. He leaves a widow
and several small children. He was a
prominent Mason.
MUSTER OUT OF IOWANS.
Announced Bate Balks Plans for the
Council Bluffs Reception.
COUNCIL RH'FFS, lowa, Oct. 30.—Ad
vices from San Francisco are to the ef
fect that the Fifty-first lowa Regiment
will not be mustered out until Thursday.
This will interfere materially with the
plans for the reception here of the regi
ment, as under the new schedule It will
scarcely be possible to get It here on the
morning of. November 6 as anticipated.
In order to prevent the arrival of the
troops here the following morning—name
ly, on election day, which Is undesirable—
an effort will be made to have the trains
lie over in Denver long enough to bring
the men In here In the morning of No
vember 8. Senator Gear to-day wired
that he would attend the reception.
Rough Riders in the Fortieth.
FORT RILEY, Kans., Oct. 30.—
Fortieth Regiment, United States volun
teers—38 officers and 1095 enlisted men
| Colonel Edwin A. Godwin commanding,
! departed for San Francisco, bound for
| Manila, this afternoon. The regiment
went in three sections over the Union Pa
cific to Ogden, Among the officers of the
Fortieth are. five who held commissions
in Roosevelt's Rough Riders, namely,
♦Captain Green, First Lieutenant Say
ers. First Lieutenant Fletcher, Second
Lieutenant Cartmeil and Second Lieuten
ant Bugbee. The wives of Captains Mar
pie, Kelley and Miller and Lieutenants
Bugbee and Cravens will accompany
their husbands as far as the Pacific
Coast. _______________
SEEK TO CONTROL
SOUTHERN OIL FIELDS
Various Large Investments Recently
Made by Capitalists From San
Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30.— San Francisco
capital, if Investments that are now in
contemplation are realized, will dominate
the local oil Held as well as the streetcar
system. During the past week northern
capital has purchased the fourteen wella
belonging to the Yukon Oil Company. The
wells purchased are among the steady
producers and have a registered capacity
of 5000 barrels a month. It is reported
that the same company is negotiating
with the Rex Oil Company for its sixty
wells. Producers are strongly inclined to
believe that an effort is being made to
corner the Loa Angeles field. This would
be no impossible task, and once accom
plished would make possible almost any
price on local oil and a profit almost
fabulous.
The Hearst estate has purchased the
controlling interest in the Canfield and
Chanslor Company of Coalinga. The price
paid for thirty-live shares in the company
is said to be $140,000.
The Santa Fe Company has a flowing
well at Fullerton steadily producing 180
barrels of oil dally. The Loft us gusher
In this field is flowing about 160 barrels.
There is a bear tendency In the market
now, oil being sold during the week as low
as Jl 05 a barrel.
NEW YORK FERRY-BOAT
SUNK IN COLLISION
Disaster in Which Several Passen=
gers Are Believed to Have
Lost Their Lives.
NEW YORK, Oct. 31.— The Pennsyl
i vania ferry boat Chicago, plying between
| Jersey City and New York, was cut in
i two by the steamer City of Augusta tf
j the Savannah Steamship line at 12:35 this
(Tuesday) morning on the New York side
! of North River. She went down in seven
|or eight minutes. There were between
I thirty and forty persons aboard, four be
ing women. It is supposed several were
drowned, though there Is no positive proof
; of this assertion.
In spite of the severity of the accident
there was no panic Most of the pas
sengers were on the upper deck and only
a half dozen persons were on the lower
deck. Nearly all of them managed to
obtain life preservers. Some who could
not obtain them, about a half dozen in
> number, swam ashore.
The five or six persons who started
j from the lower deck assisted each other
!in getting ashore. One or two were wlth
| out life preservers, but they all aided
one another and succeeded in getting to
j the pier safely.
There was considerable shouting for
I help, those on the boat calling for small
boats to come to their assistance. No
i small boats were launched, however,
! probably owing to the brief time which
i elapsed between the collision and the
. sinking.
The Old Dominion liner was evidently
MANY WARDNER
SUSPECTS FREED
Government Withdraws
Charges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOSCOW, Idaho, Oct. 30.— 1n the trial
of the Coeur d'Alene miners, charged by
the Government with delaying the United
States mail, several witnesses on the part
of the Government were put on the stand
to-day. Among these were Frank Funke,
the shift boss at Mullan; Emil and John
Anderson, miners of Mullan; E. M. Sin
clair, who identified Mike Malvoy, one of
the prisoners; Olmstead, the conductor;
Thomas Chester, a Northern Pacific
brakerr.an, and L. W. Hutton, the engin
eer who hauled the train from Wallace to
Wardner April 29; A. W. Perley, an en
gineer of the O. R. & N.; Robert Jell, a
conductor, and George K. Marshall, the
postal clerk between Wallace and Tekoa.
The witnesses were all put on by the
Government to prove a conspiracy and
the stopping of the mail train.
Five miners who had been confined in
the Moscow jail and whose names did not
appear on the indictment were released
from custody to-day and are now free
men. Their names are John S. Earls, Or
vln Edwards, Frank Turner, S. J. Robin
son and Ed Clemmers. The latter two
were among the eleven who were brought
from Wardner by the soldiers last week.
Earls and Edwards were brought here
from Montana several months ago.
The Federal charge against twenty
eight men now confined in the Wardner
prison (or out on bail) was removed to
day by United States District Judge
Beatty None of their names appear in
the indictment. As far as the United
States is concerned these men are now
free What the State will do and wheth
er it will hold them is a matter to be
handled by those in power in the Coeur
d'Alenes. _____________
LAND CASES DECIDED
BY SUPREME COURT
Three Opinions Adjudicating Con
flicts in New Mexico and
Arizona.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— 1n the United
States Supreme Court to-day an opinion
was handed down by Justice Brown in the
case of the appeal of the United States
from the decision of the Court of Private
Land Claims in the case of the Cuya
munga land grant, situated in Santa Fe
County, New Mexico. The land court de
cided that the title to the grant was
properly held by Maria de la Paz de Con
way arid associates, and declined to ex
cept in the decree lands covered by pat
ents issued to Pueblo Indians covering a
large portion of the grant. The decision
rendered to-day holds that these lands
should have been excepted, and accord
ingly reversed the opinion of the lower
The court affirmed the opinion of the
Private Land Court in the case of the
claim of the town of Real de Dolores del
Oro to land located In New Mexico, af
firming the decision of the Court of Pri
vate Land Claims. In this case the Su
preme Court found that the land in con
troversy was included in the Ortez mine
grant and that the appellants were with
out legal redress.
The court, in an opinion by Justice
Gray, reversed the decision of the Su
f>reme Court of Arizona in a case involv
ng title to the Sonvlto grant in Arizona.
This title was at issue between Santiago
\insa and the New Mexican and Arizona
Railroad Company. The reversal was
based on the ruling of the court below
that the case could not be tried in the
ordinary courts.
Factory Girls Strike.
EAST LIVERPOOL, Ohio. Oct. 30.-
Seven hundred girls employed In the bis
cuit warehouse dipping and stamping de
partments of nearly every pottery In the
city struck this morning for higher
wages.
coming up the river at the time of the
accident, while the ferry boat Chicago
was headed straight across from the New
Jersey shore for the New York slip. The
City of Augusta stopped after the acci
dent, but apparently no boats were
launched, and in the brief space of time
which elapsed nothing was done to assist
those In the water.
Estimates made by the persons who
succeeded in escaping differ very widely,
some thinking it possible that at least a
score of persons were drawn into the
whirling vortex as the ferry boat sank.
The steamboat Squad, a few minutes be
fore 2 o'clock, found a body which, it is
supposed, is that of one of the passengers
on the ferry boat, drowned as the result
of the collision.
H. W. Bible of this city jumped over
board with a life-preserver. He saw four
women struggling in the water near him,
but was unable to help them. He was
picked up by a lifeboat and taken ashore.
Searchlights are being used in the work
of rescue. A number of tugs and small
boats have been secured. Everything is
being done under the circumstances to
pick up persons from the water. One
boat brought In six men, two women and
a child. Captain Dunham, who command
eod the ferry-boat, says that he is of the
opinion that no lives were lost unless
perhaps that of one of his firemen, J.
Broom.
Seven wagons and teams were lost. One
of these belonged to the American Ex
press Company and had $8000 worth of sil
ver on it.
CUBAN FARMERS
WANT A TARIFF
Ask That a Duty Be
Placed on Corn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Oct. 30.— Governor General
Brooke has received a petition signed by
a number of Cuban .farmers urging pro
tection against American corn. The
farmers say they have no money to buy
machinery, but have to plant by hand,
and to carry their produce on their backs
to where they obtain little for it, owing
to the fact that there is scarcely any
duty on foreign grain. The petition goes
on to say that this condition greatly han
dicaps the Cubans in their attempts to
recover a degree of their former pros
perity. • i ■■■■-.
Incidentally the farmers protest against
the protective duties on oil, alleging that
these are in force solely to protect one
American refinery, whereas a protective
I duty on corn "would mean the welfare
of thousands of small farmers, whose
only source of revenue is what they make
by growing corn."
Senor Domingo Mendez Capote, Secre
tary of the Government in General
Brookes' advisory Cabinet, when waited
upon by a committee of Veterans of In
dependence, who asked him to explain
the dismissal of General Ruiz Riviera
from the Civil Governorship of Havana,
implying that there had been some dis
tinction made between the two classes of
revolutionists, replied that the dismissal
OVER 10,000 WEAK MEN
REGAINED VIGOR OF MANHOOD FROM DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S METHOD.
' _f^3§s^L Here is the snap, the vim and vigor of youth
Jy?||||fpV Any man who wears it can be a giant in men
«ipfsßJi§li| \ jC^\ an<^ physical development.
B|sijjSs A I*l j7/j Thousands of men are mere pigmies of what
Jfiis«_£V r \T l/l nature intended them, backward, oversensitive,
iK^^Nf / l •! \ fearing to venture, delicate, easily discouraged,
>**" s^^^y I . l » short of breath, weak-nerved, lacking the grit,
•""'"■' -vi ■~~ r ' n '^S lr I 1 'A the "sand" which is the possession of vigorous
.1 . j -_, ""* '^T" /- yi They need Electricity, which is animal vi-
/ a '■ -^ *-"-^^^ —• ! tality. It is the foundation of all vigor. It is
/ f\ . ■\ = Ll _Jr^^=^»y the fuel to the engine which runs the human
/ A — . " '"/^7 machine. Electricity, as I apply it, is a source
I *Sc\ °* new *^ to a^ P ar^ s °* ne body.
'wj>%^^^^ Vigor of Youth Fully Restored.
WQMaH^^: l/Vy^Tl^^ffl^^^" Men, are you weak, have you pains in your
i^^^ back, varicocele, weak stomach, constipation,
.. 'Tiitl lumbago, rheumatism, enlarged prostate gland,
or any of the results of early mistakes, excesses or overwork? My method of applying
electricity while you sleep at night will cure you. It fills the nerves and organs with the
fire of life. ' You wear my Belt while you sleep. You feel its life-giving power, and can
regulate it. Call.and test it free, or send for free book.
■'' y . w-l'^'v^- BOX 432. PETALUMA. Cal., Oct. 2. 1899.
DEAR SIR: I have been wearing your Belt over two months and it has completely cured me of my weakness,
not a symptom of which Is left. 1 consider It a great cure for such ailments as mine and shall be pleased to answer
any inquiries sent me about your Belt. Yours truly, LOLIS STANLEY.
nn II I lIaI Al l mil 111 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, office Her,-* »m .to 8:3o P . m .
IK M fl MriUElhHllni S.F...ndßurdlck Block. Sundays, 10 to I.
1111 l Ifll 111 lIIUi-nUUIIL.I Cor Spring Sec.ad, Loi Angei.i. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
THE EMPOBITJM.
"BT Wt EMPORIUM'S"' 5
Gafe P r Ooldenßule Bazaar. "S3 , , ff *
;? to 5 p.m. dailj CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICAS GRANDEST STORE. P en at Aa m ' <£
Dress Goods Remnants |
Ail This Week af One-Quarter I
Off the ready Reduced Prices. %
We sell such large Quantities of dress goods that remnants *
accumulate here with remarkable rapidity. To reduce a far too «
large an accumulation of Colored Dress Goods Remnants — plaids, J
fancy checks, mixed suitings and many stylish weaves in plain materials, pieces
ranging in length from 1^ to 6 yards — we make an additional reduction during ■£
the entire week from the already lowered prices of ■*
One-Quarter Off. S
In conjunction with the Hemnant Sale we offer a *
choice lot of Pain and Fane Suit Patterns aho
at One- Quarter Off Marked Prices. *
Lace Scarf Sale. |
Probably never so many lace scarfs sold at retail in one day in J
this city a3 we sold yesterday, but we had such a large lot of them <#
(1321 in all) that assortment still remains good. Real Sitk Spanish Lace Scarfs, <*
made by one of the best manufacturers in Europe, at about One-Third of their *
real values until sold: J
50c Scarfs.... $1.50 Scarfs SBo $3.75 Scarfs.. .sl.3B «
75c ?cirfa...29o $1.75 Scarfs 680 $4.00 Scarfs.. $1.63 <«>
$1.00 Scarfs.. .39c $2.50 Scarfs 980 $5.00 Scarf a... 51.98 •*
$1.25 Scarfs. $3.50 Scarf sl.2s *
' | ; ♦
■■. : • ■ ■ • z=z=zzzzzz=z=z=z=z= «
«, Tuetdav Only. Heavy L nen
* 50c Linen ? carfB> " 19x6 °
* ScarfS 97— fringed, others
» 9CarFS O #C» fringed, other?
it hemstitched, stamped and plain, regu-
* larly 50c each, on special sale this day
* only at. 37 C
» — ; — : — ! —
* Tuesday Only. VL
i 50c I
i Feather
» Dusters
I 37c.
* We offer to-day 80 A
J dozen excellent 16-inch gtmi
- Feather Dusters, full fm-7^
J center and full count fwmh
f, long feathers, and a niffvlwfc
&. moth proof . bag free /frj .! .Jt v^
* with each duster, reg- Z r iLoy\
* ularly 50c each, for... 4«LJSI2B!Ww»
» :
? Tuesday Only. Bleached Huck
5 HUCk Towels, Irish
& _. . «*« make, neatly
* TOWeIS 12C. hemmed, size
♦> 17x33 inches, closely woven and a per-
* feet absorber, our $1.75 per dozen
* quality, special to-day, each 12c
fo ...:;.- -•■.--.:.-:-;•■■■-■-■■- ■■ -v . - -;■
* .
* Tuesday Only.
% Good Hair jr\
*■ Brushes fe^J\
* ISC* i^f\
» Ebonizjd han-j^jt «s Jll^L-}
» die Hair Brush, igl % S^W^
#> with bevaled edge -^-
* p!ate-gla?s mir- /^fail j >i
* ro r in back, //^^P^Ml *? \
» m xed bristles, a /M/Wlsß \\
« splendi 1 value at "luk \J /^||
£, to-day's special i(lq '
A price, each.. iQo
**444444 A4444*«4«4444
was in no sense a personal matter, but
that affairs could not be allowed to go
on in the way they had gone, Riviera
having persistently refused to recognize
that he was not at liberty to do as he
pleased. This reply the committee pro
nounced satisfactory.
At Abreu, province of Santa Clara, a
deputation of citizens called upon the
Mayor and asked him to issue an order
directing Ceballoss. a former guerrilla, to
leave town immediately, as he had
spoken against the Cubans. The Mayor
told Ceballos he had better go in order
to avoid trouble, and he complied with
the suggestion.
One Borjes, a Cuban, was accused in
court at Abreu of having spoken against
the Cubans. He was ordered to leave
town and did so. This man fought for
the Spaniards during the war.
Governor General Brooke has appointed
a special criminal court for Havana, to
exercise jurisdiction for a period of three
months and to bring to trial a long list
of criminals now In the Havana prison.
WILL ATTEND LAUNCHING.
President and Most of the Cabinet
Will Go to Richmond.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— The President
and mo&t of the members of his Cabinet
will leave here to-morrow morning for
THE EMPORIUM.
Tuesday Only. ■ We of- «■
Fall Style. / t0 5
Derbys $1.78. Jg»uJ 3
$2.45 Derby H«ts for Men, latest Dun- ♦
lap, Knox and Youmans blocks for fall *
'99, in black, golden and coffee brown, a jj
x^ .fine qual- 2|
[I . Je£\ ff ~^\ ityofielt.
tT^I/v5? mings, "•
fiJS w teed si'k X
Sr^T^""^^ mines, "«
7 *^J g uaran - *
sv teed to J
vf wear as i
'ilVr —^^ well as ♦
/^t'Uv^^^" the hats
sold for $3, at tne very special price. "#
each $1.78 «
Portrait Frames |
Half Price To-Day. 3
, For this day only *
[jjiiVi "\v we offer at half price 5,
' I\\ Wli about 10 dozen "Im- J.
I\\ /li\\\V perial Passepar- $
A\ | l; ; ;\ V tout " Frames > single «
/Y\ wit) v or . doubie card or *
/ m \^y V cabinet siza open- 'H
{__. _j\\ ings. These frames *
v \\Vvv-=S^^ are u?ed to nd >*
v^— — " embroidery work 3,
and make very acceptable Christmas gifts.
Regularly.. 45c 75c 85c 90c $1.15 $1.50 ♦
Special 22c 37c 42c 45c 67c 75c v
«
Tuesday Only. *
Children's Shoes «
76c. r ~ m I
Children's Lace I O "#
Shoes, black Don- / r&(P *
go a Kid, patent / *
j leather tips, new /""v '^Ifa. «
English toes, turned I *
I sewed soles. spring v< r'^
ihee's, sizes S l^ to 8, ,>S^ •-
a fplendid $1 value, 55 ==aA^^ <f
for this day only, per pair 76c <•
««444*4*4*46+«4****«4i!x
Richmond to participate in the exercises
incident to the launching of the torpedo
boat Shubrick. A stop of ten minutes
will be made at Fredericksburg on the
way down. The party will return to the
city at 50:35 o'clock to-morrow night. The
ilhiess of A'ice-President Hobart will not
interfere with this programme, but should
an announcement of his death lie received
before the time for departure the trip will
be abandoned.
PROPERTY DAMAGED.
Ravages of the Hurricane in the Vi-
cinity of Havana.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— General Gree
ly received a cablegram from Havana
this afternoon saying the hurricane there
had done great damage to property an. l
the lines of communication between Ha
vana and Santiago had been all cut.
Signal-service men are repairing the
lines. No mention is made of any loss of
life.
Cleared of His Debts.
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.-Char!es A. Gardi
ner, the actor, received the benefits of the
bankruptcy act to-day, when all his
debts, amounting to $30415, were wiped
out by order of Judge Kohlsaat in the
United States Circuit Court.
56
TUESDAY OCTOBER 31. 1899,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor; .
redress AH Communications to W.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St^. S. Pj
Telephone Main 1868. j
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson S*«et
Telephone Main I*l^
■ DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, $ eenta.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage: j
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one ye**.. ...... • 8 - <
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), € m0nth*.....,.. a.tHt
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Cajl). 3 month» .... l.»»O
DAILY CALL— By Single Month — <*«*•
81-KDAY CALI One Year —.— *-°Q
WEEKLY CALL One Year ,-. I '°°
Ail poEtrnanters are authorized to receive »üb»orlptlon«.
Sample co»!«» will b^ fonrarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway,
C. GEORGE KROGNE6B.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Baildt«Ai
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CAHI.-TONS Herald Sq^jort ;
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERSY LUKE NB dR 89 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS 6TANDS.
6benp«s\ HqHn; P. 0, N«ws Co. I Great Ifortbera Hotel;
Fremont H(S)M«: Aeditcrma Hotel
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS^.
Wai«j<7rf-A«tort* HcJel; A. Breotano. It Tfatoa. BQ.txu«/
«ort«y "EoiM. rj|
WASHIWOTON (D, C.) OFFICE Wellington- Hotel
J, L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICE©— 'SSI Mor>tsomary street comer Clay;
pp«n untlj 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hay«« street. oo«n until
9:30 o'clock, 639 McAllister street, open urjtli 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. ■
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2261 MarKet
street, corner £Dcteenth. open until 9 o'clock. 1C93
VaUncXa street, open Until 9 o'clock 106 eleventh*
street, open uQtll 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty)
•ecood ana Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
. • '
Oirhetna— *Van<3evilla.
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Wares.**
California— "Brown's In Town."
Ti-roii— "The Bohemian Girl."
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Grand Opera House— "The Conspirators."
Chutes, Zjjo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
New Alhambra— Mlla. Fill, from Pan.;. Sunday evening, No-
vember 5.
Central Park — Steeplechase and performances.
Oakland Racetrack— llaces to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By 3. Watklr.s— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, at 1317
Mlsol •■ street.
By S. Watkiins— Thursday, November 2. at 10 o'clock,
Hor?f>s, at corner Fifteenth and Valencia streets.
By A. W. Lourterback— Wednesday, November 1, at 2 o'clock,
Turkish Persian Rugs, at 12.*. Gmit street.
. ... .
IN UNION IS STRENGTH.
GOVERNOR - ■ .'.etermined to serve the
• c Railroad and Dan Burns to
the utmost in': r, and it may therefore
ttled thai upon one pre
tens< ' iture
living the Kentucky
r chance to ck-ct its Mexicai
rite.
being the condition of affairs, it behooves
in the last Letu Mature up
the party and the welfare of Cali
ia by defeating the schemes of Herrin and Burns
ut preparing a plan of campaign
that is to come. In preparing that
rbial truth to be remembered,
"In union then - :ii."
At th< ; the Legislature it was impos
position to Burns and the
•sequence the railroad schemers
were baffled but not beaten. The succession to the
•orship is still open. There is still a chance for
the Kentucky corporation to disgrace California, by
uring the election of Burns. It is for that reason
tlie extra se^- be called and the taxpayers
burdened with the cost of defraying it= expenses.
on the side of honest politics and hon
est men agreed upon some candidate their victory
would have been complete. California's vacant seat
in the Senate would be filled by a Republican worthy
of the honor and the people would be spared the ex
pense of the c in.
It is not t< • to expect the friends of Grant,
Bulla, Barnes, Scr.tt. Bard, Estee, Felton and the
other Rej lib 1 'dates at the last session to
profit by the I the p md show a greater
wisdom ii It will be a part of the tactics of
the railroad to keep them divided. It is their duty
to unite.
Arrangements should be made at once for some
form of conference among the supporters of the va
rious candidates who were opposed by the railroad
last winter. At that conference the chief object
should be to agree upon some candidate and give
him the united suj . 11. Should such ta
be adopted the defeat of the railroad schemer* would
be assured. If it be not adopted the chances for the
eventual triumph < B are by no means des
perate.
The Call has no candidate to urge upon the stanch
and true Republican* who »o honorably and <■•'
fastly upheld the credit of the party and the State last
winter. It a<i they unite against the
common foe. If none entlemen voted for
last winter be satisfactory to all, then let some other
man be chosen. There is Mirely some Republican in
California for whom all cood Republicans in the
Legislature will be willing to vote. Let him be
en. ■
The issue is not a question of men but of methods.
It is to drop the old divisions and organize for vic
tory. In union there is strength.
Uncle Sam will probably discover some of these
days that his c-Mer cu^in across the seas does not
permit any renewal of old-time friendship to
blind him to any advantage that may be within
reach. It appears now that under the terms of the
modus vivendi which temporarily fixe; the Alaskan
boundary Canada has received fifteen mile* of very
valuable territory to which she never pretended own
ership.
Tt is not often that the refinement of selfish sar
casm enters into the language of diplomacy as it did
in a recent assurance given by the United States and
nd to China. The Celestial authorities were
assured that if Ru — ia, Germany and France insist
upon partitioning the Chinese empire they will not
I•• permitted to keep any commercial advantage
away from the newly united cousins.
There is somethiluj deeply pathetic, in tho elaborate
explanation which tfte Spanish authorities have made
of their defeat at Santiago. The story from their
pcint of view could have been summarized in a sen
tence — they were whipped because they didn't win.
THE organs of Mr. Phelan evidently believe that the campaign has reached the stage
at which, from their standpoint, there are votes in personalities. Mr. Phelan began
in that way and made an apology for it which did not apologize.
As far as the Republicans are concerned they welcome a campaign upon the
personality of Horace Davis. He was the architect of his own fortune. As a father, his
children bear his name and are an honor to it. As a student and scholar he stands with the
learned. As a public character he ranks 'with that patient class of State builders who labor
and wait. His word has never been violated. He remembers the path in which he walked
through toil and stress, and looks back over its long stretch with sympathy and brother
hood to those men whose feet arc in it now.
In all these respects the Republican party challenges comparison -with Mr. Phelan.
His organ is provoking that comparison and may not have to wait long to get it.
The course pursued by Mr. Phelan and his partisans is exactly that of the corrupt
and corrupting politicians who by mud-throwing have sought to drive clean and decent
men out of public life in order that the muck brigade might monopolize its opportunities.
As far as The Call is concerned it served notice on its party last summer that its
municipal ticket must be above suspicion or we would not support it. Our word would
have been kept with fidelity. We believed then as we know now- that the Republican
party of this city had in it the best of material for the officiary of a city government under
the new charter or any charter, and we desired to see that material chosen. The result jus
tified this paper. The candidates are an honor to the party. The leader of the ticket is rep
resentative of its character. There is no excuse for beginning personal abuse, except the
excuse of desperation and indecency. We do not propose, however, that our ticket shall
be brained by stones thrown from the glass house of Mr. Phelan's Democratic party.
FINANCIAL LEGISLATION.
THE session of Congress will soon begin. There
will be many things requiring its attention.
New subjects of legislation, of the gravest
character, have appeared. They involve questions of
government and of revenue. A great army and a
great navy have to be cared for. Exhausting mili
tary operations at a costly distance from their base
have to be carried on. We are in the midst of un
tried policies and of new problems. Their burden
only adds to the dangers to be anticipated from any
weak places in our system.
Our financial legislation and policy are as weak
now as when their condition so keenly alarmed the
country in 1896. The burden upon them then was
only that of carrying such conditions as might arise
out of policies long before the people, and that bur
den they were believed incapable of supporting. Our
financial system was then believed by millions to be
a disease that threatened, at all times, the public
credit. The Republican party and the gold Democ
racy boldly declared that the disease must be eradi
cated. The Bryan Democracy as stoutly insisted that
it must be used as a foundation.
The country has waited. The Republican party f>
the close of the last Congress had no power to cure
our financial disease. It had no majority in the Sen
ate. It could act no further than to declare its pur
pose to act when the people gave it power. The peo
ple have responded. They have given it a working
rity in both houses. They have been so earnest
in this grant of power that not a single straight Dem
ocratic Senator is left from the North, and seven
Senatorial seats have been tilled by Republicans from
the South. Never in our political history have the
people shown such a determined devotion to have an
issue settled, and settled rightly, as they have shown
in regard to this issue.
Those who don't want to act. who say they want
i to let well enough alone, in effect mean that they
; want to let bad enough alone. The prosperity to
, which they point is not because of our bad financial
. system, but in spite of it.j Were that system sane
and sound there would be less feverish apprehension
attending present business conditions. The prosper
ity we have would promise longer continuance, and
its benefits would be even more general than they
are. if the foundation were secure. They are not
well informed advisers who counsel the Republican
party to sleep on its financial promise?. Public at
tention cannot be altogether withdrawn from those
promises nor from that i^sue. The position of Mr.
Bryan is wrong: it may be called fanaticism, scien
tifically unsound and all that. But it has one single
virtue, and that a very useful one in politics. It is
an affirmative position. It cannot be turned by a
negation. The Republican party has opposed it, up
to the point of reversing the majority in the Senate,
by a positive policy. Its convictions in favor of
financial reform have been so plainly stated that sound
money Democrats and Republicans everywhere com
bined in support of Republican candidates. Tb<*
threatening fusions of last year were in every State
faced, fought and overthrown by that sound money
force.
Therefore it is that every obligation of honor and
policy requires that the Republican party proceed,
decently and in order, of its own will and by the
exercise of the power given to it by the people, to
enact the reform legislation it has promised. Against
this no good argument can be made from a Repub
lican standpoint. The forces behind Mr. Bryan will
be delighted with Republican failure to act. They
will take such failure as an admission that the sound
money men of the country are afraid to use their
power to redeem their promises.
There are roads and roads to such reforms. One
road is by letting the advocates of financial heresy
and confusion take power and use it to enact their
scheme= into law. This is burning the building to
get rid of the rats.
The Republican plan should be to destroy the rats
so that they will not die in the house, and save the
building.
Moreover, it is easy now to put reform legislation
in action. The country is strong in trade. Though
there is still a treasury deficit, the consuming ca
pacity of the people will respond readily to a rate
of taxation that will turn it into a surplus. What
the sound money men proposed in ißq6 can now be
carried out and not an adverse ripple will appear on
the swelling sea of commerce. Such legislation will
make easier the reaction which always follows these
periods of high activity. Without such legislation
that reaction may become a cyclone. With it there
will be only a in the trade winds and wreck
and ruin will be averted.
Mayor Phelan, who can be voluble enough on
occasion, k strangely silent now that his morning
organ and the afternoon monkey that goes with it
are attempting to slur the character of his opponent.
Does the Mayor wish to be understood as sponsor for
their tat ti ? It seem- to.
Now that the Hoers and British have been sparring
in the preliminaries for several weeks, the event of
the evening, as Master of Ceremonies Billy Jordan
would call it, will be put on Friday night, when Jef
fries and Sharkey contest for the fistic supremacy of
the world.
South American republics must be short of ammu
nition or too busy with their several domestic quar
rel? to so to war with each other. They have de
cided to arbitrate any trouble that may arise among
themselves.
THE 6A^ FRANCISCO CALL, T ITESPAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
A PERSONAL CAMPAIGN.
DURING the next seven days the thoughtful, in
telligent voters of San Francisco will have to
make up their minds how they will vote at the
coining election. Fortunately there is every
assurance that very few will ignore or seek to evade
the issue. The interest shown at the primaries, the
large registration, and the full attendance which has
been noted at the principal mass meetings of the
campaign are evidences that at last the business men
and the taxpayers of the city are awake to the import
ance of municipal contests, and purpose to. leave the
results no longer to the determination of bosses and
their gangs.
In the last two elections a considerable number of
Republicans voted for Mayor Phelan and his political
success was due to the support he received in that
way. At that time he was a man of promises and
made his campaigns adroitly. Now he is an official
with a record, and past success has turned his head,
for he is not as adroit as he was when with such
cleverness he played the double bill of a Democrat and
a Non-Partisan. His speeches in this campaign have
shown the extent to which the spirit of bossism has
developed in him. It was revealed in his denunciation
of Horace Davis as "a traitor" and in his declaration
that if elected Mayor, when the time comes for him to
form the bi-partisan commissions provided for by the
charter, "no traitors to the charter, no Republicans
who have dared to force national affairs into our local
campaign, will be given commissions."
The issue is between a ticket virtually dictated by
this would-be boss and headed by him and a ticket
nominated by the Republicans of the city which has
won and merited the commendation of being the best
ticket ever nominated in a municipal contest in San
Francisco. What Republican can give to his friends,
or to himself, any valid reason for voting against
Horace Davi? and his colleagues? Why should any
independent citizen desiring the welfare of the com
munity turn away from a candidate of such distin
guished public service and such eminence in private
business for the purpose of supporting a man who.
having been twice tried in the office of Mayor, has
achieved nothing for the city except such measures
as were almost forced upon him by the Republican
majority of the present Board of Supervisors?
In his efforts to win for a third time by the old
tactirs Phelan has repeatedly declared that national
issues are not in any way involved in the contest. Ii
it certain, however, that if elected he and his party
will hail it as a Democratic victory, and he will make
use of it as a means of obtaining further political
advancement. It will be a Democratic victory if
Phelan win, because it will be a failure on the part of
Republicans to remain true to their own standard and
to uphold their right to administer the affairs of the
city under the new charter.
rROM the Portland Oregonian comes .a curious
argument against legislation in the direction of
upbuilding an American merchant marine. It
says: "Several San Francisco shipowners were for
tunate enough to have steamers available for the
transport service, and the charter rates paid for these
steamers by the Government have invariably been
higher than the rate's paid foreign steamers for the
same service. As the people as a whole will foot the
bills for these transports, it will be seen that the
burden would rest more lightly on them had every
ship in the service been under a foreign flag."
By reason of the lack of legislation to encourage
shipbuilding at home and to put our merchant
marine on an equal footing with that of other nation*,
the United States, when the Spanish war broke out.
found it impossible to obtain enough American
steamers to transport troops to the seat of war, and
had to charter foreign ships. In that fact the Ore
gonian finds a reason for not building American ships
in the future. To most Americans the fact will be a
reason why we should build them. It is not of
advantage to any nation to be dependent upon for
eigners in time of war, even though such dependence
might be a little cheaper than independence.
But^he Orcgonian is wrong in arguing that reliance
upon foreign vessels is economical. Had the United
States possessed a merchant marine in any way
adequate to its commercial rank, it would not have
had to pay such high prices as it did for transports.
Great Britain has been liberal in granting subsidies
to shipping, and as a result of her wisdom she was
able as soon as President Kruger issued his ultimatum,
which meant war, to at once obtain the services of
eighty first-class steamers to transport troops to
South Africa. She obtained them much cheaper than
she could have done had she not built up her shipping
industry in time of peace.
The Oregonian. however, need not go back to the
time of the war with Spain nor to foreign countries to
get object lessons as to the importance of upbuilding
our commercial marine. Oregon has many tons of
wheat and other merchantable products to sell. She
has ports that open out upon the Pacific on the further
shores of which are markets for all that Oregon can
produce. The State has, moreover, the materials for
building ships and men who know how to build them.
Why, then, should not the produce of Oregon be
carried to market across the seas in ships built in
Oregon? Why leave the ocean-carrying trade to the
foreigners? Why pay him tribute on every pound of
thi produce of Oregon that he carries? Why leave
Oregon shipyards idle and Oregon workingmen
unemployed? Does the Oregonian really believe the
foreigner is cheaper when all things are taken into
consideration?
THE MUNICIPAL ISSUE.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
A CERTAINTY AMONG MANY RUMORS
OOM PAUL— WELL, WHATEVER HAPPENS, THEY'LL NEVER HOBSONIZE ME!
WILL BE A GREAT HELP
TO WORKING BOYS
Brother Florinus of Sacred Heart College Saus He
Will Recommend The Call's "Home Study
Circle" to the Attention of His Pupils.
The Editor of the Call: The educational
plan inaugurated in the columns of The Call
meets with my hearty indorsement and commenda
tion. I recognize the fact that the plan will
be of incalculable benefit to all who will take
it up; but more especially will it be a grand
help to working boys who have not the opportu
nities of acquiring an education. I candidly
believe if they will take an interest in the
project that it will benefit them in more ways
than one. It will serve to keep them at home
in the evenings and instil in their minds some
of the best thought of our most distinguished
educators.
I shall take great pleasure in recommending
the attention of the pupils under my charge to
this exceedingly worthy proposition, and con
gratulate The Call on its commendable enter
prise. Respectfully,
President of Sacred Heart College.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
TV. H. Peterson, a wealthy fruit raiser
of Fresno, is a guest at the Lick.
A. W. Cookson. a tourist from Scotland,
is among the recent arrivals at the Pal
aoe.
Miss Jessie Whitney of Laramie, Wyo.,
is a guest at the Occidental en route to
Honolulu.
P. M. Del Rio, a wealthy planter of
Mexico, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his family.
James McCudden, the wealthy Valltjo
contractor, is at the Grand, accompanied
by hi 6 daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. B. W. Steinman have come
down from thoir home in Sacramento and
are at the Palace.
O. I. Woodward, the millionaire rancher
of Staton Island, Is at the Grand, accom
panied by his wife.
Dr. O. H. Dnzge, one of the leading
medical men of San Jose, Is at the Grand
on a short visit to the city.
T. K. Fisher, a lucky miner from Cap*
Koine, who returned on the Bertha yes
terday, is a guest at the Occidental.
R. H. Hopkins, a mining man from
Cape Nome, who has made his pile in the
wlldernr-ss and is h<>re to spend it in civili
zation, is at the Ll<'k.
M. 1.. Waphburn. agent of the Alaska
Commercial Company, has returned to the
city for his eustnmarj^ winter visit and is
at the Occidental with' his wife.
F. M. Frye, general agent of the South
ern Pacific at Santa Barbara, is in the
city on his way to Chicago, where he in
tends spending a short vacation.
Dr. A. G. Courtnry, a celebrated medi
cal man of Syracuse, N. V., is among the
recent arrivals at the Occidental. He is
here on the coast enjoying a short vaca
tion.
Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Rickard, M. E. Rick
ard and R. J. Park are a party of for
tunate mining people who arrived on the
Bertha yesterday from Cape Nome. They
are all registered at the Palace and have
nearly $">O.OOO among them.
S. H. Friedlander. proprietor of the
California Theater, has returned to the
Palace after an extended trip thrnii*h
the West. While absent Mr. Friedlanrler
has managed to secure some first-class at
tractions, which he will soon put on the
local stage. Among his new engagements
he has something in the way of a surprise
for the San Francisco public.
Lieutenant Vitale. the military attache
to the Italian Legation, who has been at
tached to the staff of General Mac Arthur
in the Philippines and who arrived here
a few days ago en route to Washington
has had an attack of the Philippine fever
and has been removed from the Palace to
a private hospital. He is being attended
by Dr. Ernest Kinlock Johnstone of the
regular army.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 30— Judge R. A.
Graham. Miss E. M. Hunt, Mrs. I.eland
Stanford, of San Francisro, are at the
Fifth Avenue; J. R. CoweU and wife of
San Francisco are at the Gilsey; Mr. and
Mrs. A. Rosenwald and son, Jesso Rosen
wald, of San Francisco, are at the Savoy -
Mr. and Mrs. P.. A. Ktppach of San Fran-
Cisco are at the Empire.
GWIN-FOLLIS
ENGAGEMENT
.The smart Pet is agog over the an
nouncement of the engagement of Miaa
Mary Belle Gwln and James H. Follis
Miss Gwin has always moved in the ex
clusive Southern set, and since her debut
hve years ago has been one of its leaders
She Is connected with the most prominent
Southern families, her grandfather Kg
Senator Gwin, while her mother was a
member of one of the oldest families in
\ lrglnia, the Maynar.ls
James Follis is the son of R. H. Follls,
the capitalist, and a prominent clubman.
i4 c ,,, V,f° S n n£Cted with the Brooks-
Follls Electric Company, Rumors of an
engagement have been rife for some
months, so the announcement was not en
tirely unexpected by those "who know."
No definite date has been fixed fur the
marriage, and as Miss* Owin's family is
in mourning it will probably be very
quietly celebrated.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LA FIESTA— B. O. TV., City. The fiesta
in the city of Los Angeles in the year
1895 opened on the 15th of April.
BARKS AND HERBS— H. X., Berkeley,
Cal. You cAn obtain the strength of
barks and herbs by boiling the"m in water.
REV. PAUL BRa.\K i— M. H. and F.
L. and G., Vallejo, Cal. The Rev. Paul
BranKe of San Francisco is the pastor of
the St. Paul Lutheran Evangelical Church
calleu Landskirche.
SENTENCE >F RATZ— A. S., City.
Phil Ratz, who was found "ty of felo
nious assault, was sentenced on the Slst
of January, ISO 6. to imprisonment in the
penitentiary for a period of twenty years.
WEALTH AND DEBT— H. 8.. Crock
ett, Cal. The debt of the United States
at the close of 1898 was $1.964.537.130; that
of Great Britlan and Ireland at the same
time was $3,203,868,395. The wealth of
countries Js very uncertain information
as the figures given are only on estimates.'
That of the T'nited States is placed at
$60,475,000.(100 and that of Great Britian at
$43,600,000,000.
KISSING BUG— E., Emmett, San Be
nlto County. Cal. The bug sent to this
office was shown to Professor Ferdinand
Gruber, entomologist and taxidermist at
the Golden Gate Park Museum, and he at
once pronounced it a Conorhiuus, a genus
Chicago News
of Hemiptera, founded by Laporte in
1833, and added that it is of about fifty
species of a bug commonly called "kiss
ing- bug." He furnished the following
description thereof: The body is somewhat
flattened and the sides of the abdomen are
strongly recurved. The head is long, nar
row and cylindrical, and thickened behind
the eyes, the ocelli are placed on this
stouter part. The antennae are short, the
• ■}• > transverse ami the legs short, the
hind pair bcinsr much longer than the
others, t'unorhiniissangui.sugus.the blood
sucking cone nose, is a widely distributer!
species in the United States, and is knows
in some localities to infest beds and suck
1 human blood.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.'
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and piJblic men by t..a
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mon
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Look out for 81 Fourth st. Xr. 5c barber
or grocer. Best eyeglasses 10c and 40c. •
A Halloween Party.
To-morrow night the members of T.i
Estrella Parlor of the Xative Daughters
of the Golden West will give a Hallow
eon party in the banquet hall of the Na
tive Sons' buildinc. Ther* will be a num
ber of games that characterize Hallow
een and dancing will follow.
Persona afflicted with dyspepsia, diarrhoea or
colic will find Immediate relief and sure cure
In Dr. Slegert'B Angostura Bitters.
Molina Must Hang.
In December. lSf<7. Y. Molina murdered
A. Ramos in Kern County. He was con
victed of murder and sentenced to be
hanged, from which he appealed to the
Supreme Court. This tribunal yesterday
gave a decision affirming the judgment
of the lower court and Molina will have
to pay the penalty of his crime.
POLITICAL.
REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Progress and Prosperity,
For Mayor,
HORACE DAVIS. ___
For Auditor,
ASA R. WELLS.
For Assessor, • '
ALBERT HEYER.
For City Attorney,
CHARLES H. JACKSON.
For Sheriff, .
JOHN LA ( M A N.
For Tax Collector,
JOSEPH H. SCOTT. :
For Treasurer,
' LOUIS FEUSIER.
For Recorder,
WILLIAM Z. TIFFANY.
" For County Clerk,
WILLIAM A. DEANE.
For District Attorney,
■ ALFRED P. BLACK.
For Coroner,
A. D. M.LEAN.
For Public Administrator,
JOHN FARNHAM.
For Supervisors,
EMMET P. BARRETT.
NATHAN 8180. v
CHARLES BLISS.
CHARLES BOXTON.
VICTOR D. DUBOCE.
SAMUEL FOSTER.
D. C. M. GOODSELL.
THOMAS L. HENDERSON.
WILLIAM C. JOHNSON.
MILO S. JEFFERS
CHARLES J. KING
THOMAS H. MORRIS
GEORGE R. SANDERSON
GEORGE T. SHAW
EMIL N. TORELLO
I. J. TRUMAN.
. WILLIAM WATSON.
CYRUS S. wright! __
» For Police Judges,
nt , L. G. CARPENTER.
HENRY L. JOACHIMSEN.
CHARLES A. LOW
_ JA L. NAGLE.'
TO GITEDjCmZENS !
All citizens who have received
postal cardsLTO SHOW CAUSE
WHY THEIR NAMES SHOULD
NOT BE CANCELED from the
register MUST NOT DELAY TO
CALL at the Registration Office
LATER THAN Ten o'clock Tues-
day evening, October 31st.
Office open from 9 a.m. to 10 p.&
J. SIEPPACHfcB, Registrar of Voters.BELGIANS IN BATTLE
WITH CONGO CANNIBALS
Party Headed by an American Slays Three
Hundred Natives and Wounds Double
That Number.
I^ONDON, Oct. 30.— Mail advices from the Congo announce that Captain
Mohun. formerly Tnited States Consul at Zanzibar, who is commanding the
Belgian Tanganyika-Congo Telegraph expedition, haa reached the Congo Free
State and was engaged at the end of July in a fierce battle at Zangui, where
the to- -od of ten Europeans, with Captain Mohun commanding.
Shortly after the attack commenced Baron d'Hamis, the Belgian com
mßndnr. dispatched three companies of soldiers to assist Mohun, and the
ting of cannibals who horribly torture their wounded, were final
ly ro tain Mohun did great execution with a Winchester repeater.
It is estimated that the enemy numberv.i 1600 men nv.d lost SOO killed and
600 wounded. The Belgian force lost nine killed and forty-seven wounded.
The enemy fled to Tanganyika-
HAWAII CLASSED
AS A CONQUEST
Customs Put in Charge
of the Military.
Bpecln.l Dispatch to The Otll.
PORT TOWXSEND, Oct. 30.— According j
to advices brought from Honolulu by the j
Steamship Elihu Thompson, arriving here *
this evening, residents of the Hawaiian
Islands are in a state of great excitement
over the receipt of a letter from As- ;
sistant Secretary of the Treasury Frank ,
Vanderlip, stating that the customs de
partment of the Hawaiian Islands was
under the control of the War Department.
The letter was in reply to an application !
for a position In the customs service by
a resident of Honolulu.
It is claimed this Is the first intimation
the authorities on the island have received
that the customs department has been
transferred to the military, and \vhen
shown the letter Harold M. SewaJl, special
agent of the United States Government,
and other Government representatives
expressed a belief that Secretary Van
cierlip had got the Hawaiian Islands con
fused with Porto Kico, Cuba and other
conquered territory.
Major Mills, in command of two bat
talions of the Sixth Artillery, stationed
at Honolulu, disclaims any knowledge of
the now regime.
In relation to the foregoing a rumor is
In circulation in Honolulu that the present
officers of the local government will be
removed by President McKtnley and new
appointments made immediately, but both
I'resident Dole and Special Agent Sewall
deny having any knowledge of a con
templated change.
The Hawaiian Islands are having
trouble relative to the influx of Chinese.
Many are seeking admittance to the
United States via Honolulu. During the
past month twenty-four arriving on the
I'oyo Maru were rejected. All had affi
davits setting forth their right to land.
The vessel is strongly guarded and the
authorities will see that the Chinese re
turn to Yokohama.
The ship Sir George Curtis and bark S.
C. Allen, both from San Francisco, ar
rived at Honolulu on October 18. They
left San Francisco on October 8, on a
race, and arrived within a few hours of
tach other. On the evening of the first i
day out a cabin boy of the Curtis named
Fred Gieseke was washed overboard and
drowned. The vessel was making thirteen
knots an hour and darkness had set in,
6o no assistance could be rendered.
Honolulu is on the eve of a coal fam
ine, caused by the largo number of trans- !
ports calling, -which have made serious I
Inroads on the supply of army coal, and
Colonel Ruhlen has been compelled to
borrow 2000 tons from the navy to supply
the last transports sailing for Manila.
The navy coal Is nearly exhausted and
the commercial supply is so nearly de
pleted that if some of the expected coal
fleet do not appear within a short time
come of the sugar mills will have to close,
as ell as other factories. Several ves
sels with coal are daily expected, among
them being the bark Noody, 173 days out
from Norfolk, and from which no tidings
have been received since she started on
her voyage.
»
WILL DEVOTE MANY
ACRES TO SUGAR BEETS
California and Hawaiian Refining
Company Desirous of Leasing
Land Near Suisun.
BUISI ' t. 30. — During the coming
•i the sugar beet Industry In Sonoma,
Contra Costa and Solano counties will be
Given quito a stimulus. The California
r Refining Company,
• leas
-0 acres in the counties
Ing of sugar beets in
I vicinity and a representative
is making arrangements
Near Petaluma 1000
: reclaimed land have been se-
I. The company will make an ex
• of marsh lands for the cul
of beets. In the neighborhood of
a Inrge acreage has also been rent
n to the land leased by the
farm< rs will plant 'beets
••' n account.
This • rops have not been as suc
ed, but this state of
affairs Is attributed to the dry sea-son.
iverage amount of rainfall this
iught a good yield will be
The sugar refining company at
Crockett now employs 800 men.
RUNAWAY BOY FOUND.
Young Archer, Who Sought to En
list in the Navy, Home Again.
WOODLAND. Oct. 30.— "Dee" Archer,
the i:>-> ear-old hoy who ran away from
his home on the 24th of September and
tried to enlist in the navy, is at home
Ha was found on a farm near
n this county, while his father
n Francisco making diligent
f - him. Two sisters found him
a " d lm to return home with
them, rfc told his mother that one day's
* x t" 7 ■■: Peusacola was enough
«or mi it he no longer has any
enlist There is documentary
evidence however, that indicates that
hf - IS , r to Join the navy. The
J\ ava . on the Pensacola gave
him blanks upon which to obtain the con-
Bent of his parents. When he went to
work for the LJllardg he gave Mrs. Lll
lard for Kale keeping an envelope which
contained fv.r of these blanks. Two of
them are ruled p irport to be the
■ f one William
X - [.' v: ■ ' . and Harrison
Streets, Ban Francisco, authorizing th*
Navj Dei enlist his ward,
James Daniel Archer. The acknowledg
ment purp ...„ , aken v ,,. r , )rft
Judg<- ' "■■■ ■■ c body of the paper
and the signatures of both Shrock and
Judge <■< '■■■ evld« tly written
by the nd Bomebody in trying to
help the boy out has committed forgery.
Captain Dyer Is Not Well.
MELROSE, Mass., Oct 80.— Captain N.
M. Dyer, (..'. S. N., who commanded the
Baltimore at the Manila fight and who
has been assigned to Havana to com
mand the naval station there, has asked
to be relieved of thai duty. He has for
warded to tli- Na\ . Department at Wash
ington a to to his phywcaJ
condition Mid a request fur relief from
duty. While not a Bick man CapCiin
pyer Is not in condition to undertake ac
tive work at present.
Arson Suspected.
REDDING. Oct. 30.-Rc,Jdinp experi
enced it.« first flre In many months at 4:30
o'clock this morning. The Ceiwlck Ex
change saloon and chophouse was nearly
: I'roprietor .1. P. Larorda be
lieves it was a case of arson. The insur
ance carried, amounting to |UOO, does not
by any means cover the loss, as an ad
dition and extensive repairs to the build-
Ing had not been covered by additional
insurance.
LODGES MAY UNITE.
Esparto Parlor, N. S. G. W., May
Consolidate With Woodland.
WOODLAND, Oct. 30.— Grand Vice Pres
ident Rust, accompanied by a delegation
from Woodland Parlor, visited Esparto
Parlor of Native Sons Saturday night to
Investigate a petition made to Woodland
Parlor. <*>n account of many removals
Esparto Parlor membership has so dlmin
that it is believed to be for the
good of all concerned that the parlor unite
with some other parlor. A petition was
therefore nent to Woodland Parlor asking
that the Esparto Parlor be accepted In a
body. Woodland Parlor is willing, but be
fore consolidation can be consummated
the permission of the Grand Parlor must
be obtained. A special meeting will be
held Wednesday evening at which a pe
tition will be prepared and forwarded.
FARNSWORTH MARRIED
FOUR BALTIMORE GIRLS
Extensive Hymeneal Operations of
the Bigamist in the Oriole
City.
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— Chief of Detectives
Coleran received a telegram from Balti
more to-day stating that Walter L.
Farnsworth, the confessed bigamist now
In jail here and who Is said to have, had
forty-two wives, is wanted In that city
tor marrying four women. He went un
der the name of Sterling Orville Thomas.
This is said to be his real name, and the
prisoner does not deny it. Marie Larson
of 71S Sixth street, Philadelphia, thinks
she is one of Farnsworth's wives and has
written to Captain Coleran to send her a
picture of the bigamist. Her marriage
I took place a year ago.
PERUVIAN INSURGENTS
ARE CLOSELY PURSUED
Official Dispatches Report Durand's
Force in a Precarious
Position.
i Special Cable to The Call and N>w "Fork Hw
al 1. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon
Hennett.
LIMA, Peru, Oct. 30.— Durand's revoln
i tlonary forces are being closely pursued
j by Government troops, and, according to
official dispatches, the situation of the I
leader of Peru's latest revolt seems to bo i
"ious.
The public Is extremely anxious to h^nr ;
of some result from the movements of the j
Government's forces. It Is felt that this '
miserable little revolution has already i
lasted too long-, since it is causing heavy j
losses to the Government and to com- j
mereial houses here.
ENGLAND'S REPORTED
OFFER TO GERMANY
Price to Be Paid for the Withdrawal
of the Kaiser From the
Samoan Group.
BERLTN, Oct. 30.— The Vosslsehe Zei- !
tung says it understands that Great '
Britain offered Germany the Gilbert Isl- ;
ands and the British portion of the Solo- :
mon Islands in return for Germany's i
claims in Samoa.
STOCKTON'S CHARTER LEGAL.
Decision Rendered in the Nickel-in
the-Slot Case.
STOCKTON. Oct. SO.— The case of the
People against Arthur Samuel, on a writ
of habeas corpus, issued by the Supreme
Court and made returnable before the
Superior Court of this county, was decid
ed adversely to Samuel by Judge Jones
to-day. The legality of the nickel-in-the
slot machine ordinance, and, in fact, of
the <ity charter, is declared by the de
cision.
The petitioner, Samuel, claimed that the
city had no power to impose punishment
by imprisonment for violation of an ordi
nance.
LIBEL SUIT ABANDONED.
D. H. Bryant Will Dismiss His Suit
Against the Sketch.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 30.— D. H. Bryant, who
recently had P. H. Newberry and J. O.
Brubaker, editors of "Sketch," arrested
for criminal libel, has decided to abandon
the prosecution of the newspaper men and
has so notified the District Attorney.
Bryant declares he has grounds for suit,
but thinks a weekly paper of not suffi
cient moment to prosecute. The paper
published an article reflecting on the hon
esty of Bryant, who is a capitalist.
GILLETT'S BODY FOUND.
Remains of the Boy Who Was Re-
cently Drowned Recovered.
BOLINAS, Oct. 30.— The body of Charles
GUlett, the 17-year-old boy who was
drowned while fishing off the Olympic
Club pier .it the Cliff House on September
17 last, was found floating in Bollnas
channel *o-day by Richard Thompson and
towed ashore. Coroner Eden was Pent
for and took the body to San Rafael,
where it was identified by the father. The
remains will be sent to San Francisco for
burial.
Reports of Missionaries.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 30.— At the annual
meeting of the Women's Foreign Mis
sionary Society of the M. E. Church re
ports were made by Mrs. M. H. Huston
<>n P.ombay, Mrs. C. S. Winchell on Ma
laysia. Mrs. A. N. Fisher on North Japan,
Mrs. S. L. Kean on Central Japan, Mrs.
K. T. Cowen on Southern Japan and Mrs.
H. C. Skldmore on Korea. Mrs. T. B.
Wood, missionary to Peru, and Mrs. Gill,
missionary to China, were introduced.
Addresses were given in the evening by
several missionaries.
Plague at Rio Janeiro.
RIO JANEIRO, Oct. 30.— Eleven cn.ses
of bubonic plague are now under treat
ment In the Santos Hospital, nine being
of the mild type. Five deaths from the
disease have occurred at Santos since Oc
tober 17.
Germany's Increased Grain Duties.
BERLIN, Oct. 30.— 1t is semi-offlcially
assertrd that the increase of the naval
expenditures will be defrayed by the in
creases in grain duties in 1903, which is
expected to produce a surplus of 90,000,000
marks. *
Miners for Honolulu.
ANGELS CAMP, Oct. 30.— There is a de
mand being made for mlrrers to go to Ho
nolulu for the purpose of sinking arte
sian wells at that place. Fourteen men
left to-day.
Death of William H. Webb.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— William H.
Webb the shipbuilder and philanthropist,
died to-day, aged &3 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
CHILEANS DIE ON
FIELD OF HONOR
Death of Two Notables Believed
to hjave Beer) the Result
of a Duel.
VALPARAISO, Oct. 30.— The sudden death last week of Senor Ramon
Garcia, Director General of Railways, and of Senor Gregario Pinochet, Min
ister of Industry and Public Works, under mysterious conditions, caused a
great sensation. In both cases the medical authorities certified that death
was due to pneumonia.
It is rumored, however, that both succumbed to woxinds received in a
duel with swords, conducted in the most barbarous fashion, neither having
any knowledge of fencing.
FRANCHISE
IS GRANTED
Electric Line From San
Jose to Alviso.
Biwctal Dispatch to The C*.IL
SAN JOSE, Oct. 80.— The Board of Su
pervisors this morning granted A. oreen
lnger a franchise for an ©lectrlo road on
First street and the Alviso road to Alvl
-80. The price paid was JSO. It gives him
the easterly twelve feet of the road from
the northerly city limits. Work is to com
mence within six months and shall be
completed in eighteen months. This la
the franchise that was laid over by the
Board of Supervisors last Wednesday at
the request of ex-Boss Rea. who Is sup
posed to have been working In the Inter
ests of the Southern Pacific Railroad. The
vote to-day was not unanimous. Supervis
ors George E. Rea and F. L. Cottle op
posing the franchise. Those voting for it
were Supervisors Austin, Roll and Stem.
The efforts of business men are supposed
to have brought about the change, as last
Wednesday Supervisor Roll was the only
one in favor of granting the franchise.
The building of the road to connect Al
viso and San Jose Is but the beginning
of a large electric railway system. With
the improvements the Government Is
about to make at Alviso this will give San
Jose a good water route with all coast
points and a reduction in freights and
fares,
A proposition is also on foot to build
an electric road to Los Gatos by way of
Campbell and also to convert the Alum
Rock motor road into an electric line.
Train Wreck at Livermore.
LTVERMORE, Oct. 30.— Two freight
! cars Jumped the track near Livermore to
night. They were being backed on to a
siding when they were derailed. One waa
damaged, but the other was not smashed.
Xo one was hurt, but the WTeck was too
much to handle with the apparatus on
hand, so a message was sent to Oakland
for a wrecking train. A derrick was sent
out and arrived there before midnight.
There have been several railroad acci
dents in this locality recently, but the
one to-night is the most severe of any.
One of the trainhands had a narrow es
cape from death. He was standing near
the track when the cars were derailed,
but although knocked down he managed
to crawl away fast enough to prevent the
train running over him.
Postal Clerks May Vote.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30.— 1n accordance
•with custom the Railway Mail Service, by
order of the Postmaster General, to-day
reissued a general order of October IS,
1894, directing division superintendents to
POLITICAL.
__
'•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••I
The Sacred Duty of Every Republican.
It is the sacred duty of every Republican to give his loyal sup-
port to his party nominees in this campaign and to cast his ballot
for them on November 7. Unusual conditions prevail which mean
that defeat now will work future disaster to our party. Granting
everything that has been said in behalf of the Democratic nominee
for Mayor, it still remains for Republicans to vote for Horace '
Davis. No better man than he could have been chosen for the office.
Ripe in - commercial and political experience, of sterling integrity,
Horace Davis will give to San. Francisco an ideal administration.
He is progressive, has intimate knowledge of the needs of the city
and the executive ability in a marked degree to take charge of pro-
jected public improvements and successfully execute them, being in
every way peculiarly qualified for the position. Republicans have
only to stop and consider the vital importance to our party of this
election to give Horace Davis and his associates on the Repub-
lican municipal ticket their stanch support.
/ \jl
, -f-. >
scooOO»©ecso©©c®so©ffi©doe©o®a©e©©«9coGQ©3Oft©i
The Qualities of Horace Davis!
With Horace Davis at the head of the Republican municipal
ticket there can be not the slightest excuse for any loyal citizen to
refuse it his ardent support. Mr. Davis, above all others, is qualified
to fill the office of Mayor. A resident of this city for a third of a cen-
tury, he has been closely identified with its commercial, educational
and political interests. His has been a model life in every respect.
He has honored the community by accepting this nomination; the
■ '■ >- -, ■ * x ". ,*_■>.
people will consider it an honor to elect him. Unusual conditions
■: ; '- ; -.-.-:-'^ ' : - : : - : ::'- '■'':■:■': :'^^ . ■ ■ ' • ' : '^--.' '■•'<
prevail this year which demand the active support of every man who
calls himself a Republican. It is an obligation he owes his party, and
must not be repudiated. A vote for Horace Davis means an in-
dorsement of the administration of President William McKinley.
Further, I consider the personal attack on Mr. Davis by one •of our
oldest dailies an outrage which the proprietors know to be false, and
. which should be resented by the public
J. Greenebaum.
give Burh instructions to chief clerks and
other employes "as will enable those who
desire to vote at the approaching election
to do so, irrespective of party affilia
tions." The order provides that there
must not, however, be any interference
with the proper distribution and dispatch
of the malls, lessening of the security of
registered matter in transit or confusion
of records.
KANSAS SOLDIERS
ENGAGE IN A REVOLT
Befuse to Wait for Meals While Their
Officers Take Precedence at
The Tables.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct. SO.— A dis
patch to the Times from a staff corre
spondent traveling eastward with the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment states that
a large number of the former privates of
the regiment have revolted against their
former superior officers and registered an
emphatic declaration of Independence and
equality. The revolt came at Barstow,
Cal., where the regiment arrived for
breakfast at 10 o'clock In the morning.
The men, who were hungry as wolves,
found the eating-house doors barred and
were told that they would have to wait
for breakfast. Upon entering the tele
graph office one of the privates learned
that thirty-five breakfasts had been or
dered In advance for the officers and an
other private who peered through a rear
window found the men who wore shoul
der straps already seated at tables eating.
Immediately there was an assault upon
the eating-house. Doors were broken In
and the regiment swarmed through the
hall. When Colonel Metcalf attempted
to quiet the men he met with a storm
of abuse and several of the more ob
streperous "citizens" threatened to do
him bodily injury. The men were finally
quieted by the bringing in of their break
fast. After it was all over Colonel Met
calf went among the men and told them
that if there were to bo any more second
tables the officers would wait until the
last.
Oil Company Falls.
HALFMOON BAY, Oct. 30.— The coal
oil company recently operated by one
Hayward from Los Angeles and others on
the Holge ranch in San Mateo County has
abandoned the work of boring and is at
tempting to remove the pipe and other
property belonging to the company. The
property is now under an attachment for
the men's board and for wood supplied
the company and is now in the hands of
a keeper by order of the court.
Boosevelt Sees Cause for Thanks.
ALBANY, N. V.. Oct. 80.— In hi 3 procla
mation designating November 30 as a day
of thanksgiving and prayer issued to-day
Governor Roosevelt says: "It is right
that we should give thanks for the pros
perity that has come to the nation and
for the way in which this great people
in the first flush of its mighty manhood
Is moving forward to meet its destiny and
to do without flinching every duty with
which that destiny brings it face to face."
CRAP GAME RESULTS IN
MURDER AND LYNCHING
Negro Kills the White Assailant of His
Brother and Is Hanged by
a Mob.
FAYETTE, Mo., Oct. 30.— Tom Hayden, a negro, aged 24 years, was tak
en from the officers who had him under arrest for the murder of Andrew
Woods, a young white man, and hanged to a tree eight miles west of here.
The killing took place just previous to the lynching and was the result of
a fight over a game of craps In progress at a negro festival at the place of
Al White. Twelve negroes and six whites were engaged in the game, when
Woods slapped Ben Hayden in the face. Ben did not retaliate, but his
brother, Tom, took up the fight and shot Woods to death. Tom Hayden was
arrested by the Sheriff and was being taken to Fayette, when a mob over
hauled them and overpowered the officer. Hayden had a bad reputation.
BEATEN TO DEATH
WITH A CLUB
Groceryman Kills a Man
in His Yard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Oct. 30.— A duel to death with
clubs as weapons took place between N.
Johnson and a man named Dan Folkener
about 8 o'clock this evening. As a result
of the fight Folkener iies at the Morgue a
corpse, and Johnson Is charged with mur
der.
Johnson is a well known groceryman in
this city. Just before the tragedy was
enacted the groceryman went out to wa
ter his horse and entered the stable. As
he did so he noticed his dog growling near
the entrance to the woodshed adjoining.
Looking In he discovered Folkener, who
was slightly under the influence of liquor.
Johnson ordered him out, but he seemed
reluctant to go, and the groceryman, be
coming angry, tried to force him out. The
i men grappled with each other. Near the
I door was a pile of sticks. Johnson
i grabbed one of these and Folkener an
: other. The first blow was struck by Fol
kener, so Johnson claims. At any rate
the men hammered each other and scuf
fled until they reached the yard outside.
After reaching a point about fifty feet
from where the fight first began Johnson,
i according to his own story, dean, his an-
I tagonist a blow in the back of the head,
I which felled him. At this point a neigh
bor rushed up and went to the rescue of
the man on the ground. "Don't touch
him," said Johnson, "ne'U get up and
light again."
An examination of the wounded man,
however, revealed the fact that his neck
was broken and he was already dead.
Few marks were visible on his face.
Johnson was arrested and subsequently
released on SfiOOO ball.
The dead man comes of a good family,
! well known in Fresno and he always bore
I a good reputation.
INSPECTOR M'LAUGHLIN
MADE DEPUTY CHIEF
Elevation of the New York Official
Once Convicted of Having
Accepted Bribes.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— Inspector WiH
; iam W. McLaughlin was to-day appointed
Ito the position o f Deputy Chief by the
Police Commissioners. He has been act
ing Deputy Chief practically since Decem
ber, 1898. McLaughlin was one of the
members of the force accused before the
Lexow Commission of accepting bribes.
He was Indicted and convicted. Following
the conviction he was dismissed by a res
! olution of the Police Board on June 10.
1895. On the ISth of the same month the
! resolution of dismissal was rescinded, as
1 McLaughlin had obtained a stay and a
! iihv trial. This time ho was acquitted,
and he was then restored to duty.
On December 9, lSlis, McLaughlin was
! promoted to be Deputy Chief. The ClvU
Service Board refused to recognize the
appointment, as McLaughlin had not
passed their examination. On January 31,
; 1899, the Police Boiird rescinded the reso
lution of appointment and put McLauerhlln
j bark as Inspector. McLaughlin sued to
, compel the board to make him a Deputy
: Chief The suit Is still pending.
Meantime the White law went into ef
i feet, and McLaughlin had to take an cx
i amlnation. He was the only officer who
I applied and he passed the examination
'■ with a percentage of 90.46. McLaughlin
i is in charge of the Borough of the Bronx.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Contract Let for Piping in the San
Francisco Public Building.
WASHINGTON; Oct. 30.— The Treasury
' Department has accepted the proposal of
Schanz & Grundy of 5S Eighth street, San
Francisco, for soil, waste and down pipes
below the basement and up to the ceiling
on the San Francisco public building at
$2848. Time of completion, thirty days.
Rev. E. Bradford Leavitt, who has ac
cepted the call of the First Unitarian
Church of San Francisco, will leave for
his new post on January 1.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, Private Arthur Forsyth, Third
I Infantry, now at the Presidio of San
Francisco, having enlisted under false
I pretenses, will be discharged without
i honor from the service of the United
States.
Pensions for Californians— Original-
Charles F. Culver, Sage, $6; John M.
Phillips. Vlsalia, $8; Louis N. David, San
Francisco, $6. Increase— William Bltner,
Fresno, $6 to $8; Patrick Dwyer, San
Francisco, $6 to $12; Thompson W. Earn
est, Yreka, $8 to $10. . y "iv;
FATAL QUARREL.
John Gaston Killed in a Peculiar
Manner by Charles Adams.
SPOKANE, Wash., Oct. SO.— John Gas
ton was killed last night in the Letzig sa
loon at Waverly during a quarrel with
Charles Adams, foreman of the Crobin
beet sugar factory. Adams has been
placed under arrest to await develop
ments. The two men became excited and
words passed between them when. It is
said, Adams struck or pushed Gaston
back against the billiard table. Gaston
fell across the table and his head prob
ably struck the edge, causing concussion
of "the brain. He fell over on the floor
dead. The sympathy of some people
seems to be with Adams.
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT.
Mishap to a Lad While Out Hunting
May Cause His Death.
SELMA, Oct. 30.— T0-day about noon
Carl Kenoyer, a son of Rev. E. L. Kenoyer
of this place, accidentally shot himself
through the abdomen with a shotgun
while out hunting with a companion west
of this town. Kenoyer is about 16 years
of age and has accidentally been shot
twice before, but not so seriously. But
little hope for his recovery is entertained
by the doctors, as his intestines are punc
tured In numerous places. The charge of
shot entered at the side of the abdomen.
The accident was caused through care
lessness on the part of Kenoyer in hand
ling his gun.
Sixty Fishermen Lost.
GLOUCESTER, Mass., Oct. 30.— Sixty
men of the Gloucester fishing fleet were
lost during the year just ended, a less
number than usual. They left fifteen
widows and twenty-six children. Fifteen
vessels, valued at $79,750, were lost.
Will Visit Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 80.—
President Oilman of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity will visit Stanford before he
leaves California. Next week, probably
on Tuesday, he will be the guest of Dr.
Jordan, and will address the students in
the afternoon.
Mrs. Alice Battle Dead.
ASHEVLLI*E. N. C. Oct. 30— Mra. Alice
Battle, wife of Past Assistant Surgeon
Samuel VV. Battle, retired, of the United
States navy, and daughter of Rear Ad
miral George E. Belknap, retired, is dead,
from consumption.
Live Clams Underground.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 30.-While work
men were engaged in building a tunnel at
the powder works yesterday they came
across a bed of live clams 300 feet below
the top of the mountain being tunneled.
POLITICAL.
DEMOCRATIC RALLY!
DEMOCRATIC RALLY I
DEMOCRATIC RALLY!
BETRAYAL OF DEMOCRACY.
BETRAYAL OF DEMOCRACY.
BETRAYAL OF DEMOCRACY.
BY JAMES D. PHELAN.
BY JAMES D. PHELAN.
BY JAMES D. PHELAN.
Exposed by
HON.I CHAS. N. HARRIS
HON. CHAS. N. HARRIS
HON. CHAS. N. HARRIS
And Others.
And Others.
And Others.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
§ METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
WEDNESDAY EVENING NOV. 1
WEDNESDAY EVENING NOV. 1
WEDNESDAY EVENING NOV. 1
At 8 O'clock.
At 8 O'clock.
At 8 O'clock.
DEMOCRATIC
TICKET.
For Public Rights and Home
Rale Against Bossism and
Corporate Control.
Mayor James D. Phelan
Auditor Joseph M. dimming
Treasurer Samuel il Brooks
Assessor .... Dr. Washington Dodge
Tax Collector .... Richard P. Doolan
Coroner Dr. R. Beverly Cole
Recorder Edmund Godchaux
City Attorney . . . Franklin K. Lane
District Attorney .Lewis F. Byington
Public Administrator . Patrick Boland
County Clerk . . Major Dennis Geary
Sheriff Jeremiah Deasy
POLICE JUDGES.
Charles T. Conlan, Ed P. Mogan,
Geo. H. Cabaniss, Alfred J. Fritz.
FOR SUPERVISORS.
James P. Booth, A. Comte Jr.,
R. M. Hotaling, H. U. Brandenstein
Thomas Jennings, Dr. A. A. d'Ancona
Joseph S. Tobin, W. N. McCarthy,
John E. A. Helms, John Connor,
C. W. Reed, Emil Pohli,
P. J. Curtis, M. C. McGrath,
L. J. Dwyer, Osgood Putnam,
M. J. Fontana, A. B. Maguire.
For CITY ATTORNEY.
Charles H. Jackson.
Regular Republican Nomine?.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
M. J. FONTANA.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER
Eddy and Jones ats Phone South 770
Com. NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, November 6.
Brady & Ziesrfeld's I MAT SAT
Parisian Comedy Success, |nl«l- Ml-
THE POPULAR CRAZE,
MLLE. FlFl^^s.
NEW YORK; TRIUMPH— 2OO NIGHTS.
AMERICAN VITOGRAPH.
Pewey celebration (New York).
Presentation to Dewey of sword by Secretary
Long and President McKinley.
SALE OF SEATS— ALHAMBRA THEATER,
THURSDAY. 9 A. M.
PRICES— 7Sc. 50c, 35c, 23c and 15c.
MATINEE— ISc. 25c. 35c and r.Oc.
ALL SEATS RESERVED.
November 12 > EUGENIE BLAIR
In "A LADY OF QUALITY."
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CONEY ISLAND NOW IN
FULL BLAST at the
STEEPLECHASE, CENTRAL PARK
Notwithstanding the rain yesterday more than
4000 people enjoyed the new
••RAZ"ZLE DAZZLE" just added.
Professor Hill on the high wire and 25 funny
novelties; 3 hours' amusement for 10 cents;
presents to winners of races. Open from 1 until
12 p. m. (
new advertisements.
"Betwixt Bud and Bloom.'
The sufferings of the young, the ten-
der and th© inexperienced always ex-
cite sorrowful compassion and a yearn-
ing desire to help them in their trou-
bles.
And in the light of a great discov-
ery all the rose buds of sweet woman-
hood may see the promise of their
speedy release from all those suffer-
ings which have been the bane of their
sex from, the earliest times.
They need only take that greatest of
modern medicines, Warner's Safe Cure,
as directed, and their past sufferings
will soon appear to them as a painful
dream from which they have awak-
ened to dream no more. "It is a rem-
edy," says Mrs. H. P. G. Carnes of But-
ler, Pa., "that can be relied upon, a
remedy that never fails, and one that
has proved to be woman's best friend."
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIAN™
"A COMBINATION HARD TO BEAT."—
Examiner.
E^MATHEWS
ffj And r=sn
fg).
In the latest version o? the bi£ i&3L
Vaudeville Operetta, ' ' *"" '
BY THE SAD SEA WAVES.
Everything absolutely new but the tltla.
SPECIAL COMEDY SEASON PRICE 9.
$1, 75c, 50c. 25c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER, The H 8 p e ular
» /PS^ NOTHING TO DO
Z EmA but LAUGH -
Jk BROWNS
Wr TOWN.
l£l^ ?H R? T-ar AND HE ONLY STAYS
1 By ONE WEEK.
> "^ 9t I* HI POPULAR PRICES—
XS^fL *§ «*x Evening, 75c, 50c, 23c.
Matinees Saturday
&* and Sunday, 50c, 25c.
ffrtorflWSig Next-NANCE t
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Thursday, Friday Evenings and Saturday
Matinee.
Balfe's Ever Popular English Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!
Sung by the Best Cast Ever Heard In the City.
The Greatest Triumph of the. Season,
Meyerbeer's Tragic Grand Opera,
L'AFRICAINE !
Will Be Rendered Again In Superb Manner on
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday Nights.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 600.
Telephone for — Bush 9.
ENTIRE SHOW A DISTINCT HIT.
LOUISE DRESSER AND HER PICKANIN-
NIES.
JACK NORWORTH.
HAL MERRITT and FLORENCE MURDOCK.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON AND CO.: LAURA
BURT; SADA; WALTON'S ACROBATIC
SIMIANS.
MLLE. ERNA'S MUSICAL DOGS.
last We?k of LOTTY.
The Originator of Her Beautiful Act.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chain
and box seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
CORNILLE Next Week.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
Last Week of the Best Comic Opera Ever
Written In America.
THE
CONSPIRATORS!
Music by H. J. STEWART.
Book by CLAY M. GREENE.
A Triumph of Californian Genius. A Most
Beautiful and Costly Production. Packed
to the Doors Nightly.
Monday Evening Next— Francis Wilson's Great-
est Comic Opera Success,
THE MERRY MONARCH.
POPULAR PRICES— SOc, 35c, 2.'c, 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
LAST WEEK OF
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
MATINEE SATURDAY 'AND SUNDAY.
CHRONICLE— production is remark-
able; players entirely satisfactory."
PRICES— ISc, 25c. 35c. sOc.
NEXT WEEK— The New York Lyceum The-
ater Farce Hit— "NERVES."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23, 1599.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via' Oakland Mole connect ' with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect Tilth San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to me track in fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
THE WEEKLY CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
78
STUBBS MADE CLAIM HE
ONLY WANTED GOOD MAN
Conference Devised in Yellow
Building.
Tricky Plan to Get Interstate Commissioner
Who Should Represent Huntington's
Interest and Not the Coast's.
SOME surprise was occasioned by the
publication in The Call Sunday
morning of all the facts concern
ing the conference in the Southern
Pacific 'offices last week between H.
E. Huntlngton, J. G. Stubbs and the ex- .
ecutive committee of the Pacific Coast
Jobbers' -and Manufacturers' elation. .
The facts were correctly reported. Mr.
Stubbs then and there declared that he j
had nominated General N. P. Chipman i
and further said that he would not with- '
draw his stiport from Chipman. That is |
a pnrt of the current history of the move- j
inent in which the mercantile interests j
of the Pacific Coast are concerned large- ,
ly. But there is another chapter that has ;
not heretofore, bfen told. Btubba knew
earlier than did the merchants that there
would be a vacancy upon the Interstate
Commerce Commission. The merchants
received the information through him. The
story of the meeting, when they learned j
the facts, is one of unusual Interest.
Two leading merchants were requested |
by Mr. Stubbs to call upon him on tne :
Sd day of October. They went to the yel
low building and there mot Stubbs.
The subject matter was made known j
with little delay. Mr. Stubbs told them .
that he •■■■■■■ received a letter from the j
East and that therein the news came that
v. . J. Call) had sent In his resignation
us a member of the Interstate Commerce '
Commission and that it was to take effect j
upon the Ist day of October. The news j
had not yet reached San Francisco by i
wire. Stubbs had requested the mer
chants to •■..■■ and talk about trie Inter- :
state Commerce Commissionershlp, so he I
said. He considered that it would be a j
good thing to have the- vacancy on the ;
commission tilled by a man from and rep
resenting the Pacific Coast. "He need not j
be a professional man to fill the position j
well; not necessarily.*" said Stubbs. |
"but he should be a business man— one ,
well acquainted with the business and
traffic peculiarities of the coast.
Stubbs then Invited th two merchants .
to express their opinions in the matter.
They both concurred with Stubbs that !
the coast ought to be represented by an |
Interstate Commerce Commissioner. Then i
one of the merchants asked Stubbs if he ■
had any choice tor a Commissioner. ;
"No." said Stubbs, emphatically, "no, i
I have no one to offer; all that I want is
v Brood man for the place."
The merchants believed that Stubbs was i
net ing in good faith, and that he meant .
what he said. j
"Tlil' first thins to he done,' said
Stubbs; "is to get the commercial bodies !
of the whole coast to petition the Presi- j
dent to recognize the Pacific Coast in !
making the appointment. Some one must ;
Be? the newspapers and get the ball to
rolling. I cannot do that, for the news
papers are in such a rabid mood concern
ing the Southern Pacific Company that
they would not listen to me."
Some additional conversation took place, j
Finally the merchants went away, having j
it firmly Impressed upon their minds that j
Stubbs « had no candidate. They realized j
fully; then, that the selection of a busi
ness man. conversant with conditions
upon the Pacific Coast, would bo of bene
fit to the commercial community. It
never once dawned upon them that :
Stubbs, acting for the Southern Pacific
Company, would be guilty of trying to
have the company's own attorney select
ed as member of a commission before
which the company might have to appear
to answer charges, aa a defendant, at any |
time. Tiie sequel shows how badly they j
were mistaken. ;
The mercantile organizations of this I
city held meetings and recommended to I
President McKinley that some Pacific j
Coast man should be nominated as Com- j
missioner. While they were doing this. '
and securing the co-oppration of the com
mercl bodies in other cities, it may be,
or may not be the fact, that Stubbs :
"snickered ,'.' as the 'Ing is, "in his
sleeve." Certainly, the Pacific Coast
Traffic Association, the temporary body
that Immediately : • ceded the Pacific
Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation, did not know that Stubbs even.
then had a Joker in his hand, when they
were preparing to enlist the co-operation
of th coast.
When The Call first made known the
fact that the Southern Pacific Company
was taking advantage of the situation to
try to got the President to name the rail
road company's attorney general aston
ishment was occasioned. A large num
ber of leading business men of the city
In Interviews named tho requisites for a I
candidate who could do full justice to the
busin< and transportation interests of
the Pacific Coast.
"He must be a business man; one ac
quainted intimately with traffic matters
—not a lawyer or politician.
The last provision was dwelt upon
by many merchants who are leaders in
commercial circles.
Mr. Stubbs, who says that he nominated
Chlpman. Justified tho opinion of many
public spirited men in California and else*- i
where. concerning ths ethics of the yel
low "knockery," by getting out and into
circulation a petition to President Me-
Kinley to name Chipman for Commis-
Hiomr, and the merchants knew nothing
of the matter. A number of merchants
iind others were induced to sign the pe
tition in behalf of Chipman, when it was I
taken around in this city by H. B. Car
penter, and in Sacramento by D. O. Mills ;
upon the same sort of representation'
FREIGHT RATES
TO THE ORIENT
SHOVED UPWARD
The Roads Want More
Money.
Romp time ago the different transcon
tinental roads, Inspired by the Southern j
J'acific Company, decided to raise the
on all the principal commodities
shipped out of this country to the great
distributing points In the Orient. This
to be accomplished by an agreement
<1 Into between the various roads
and their ocean steamship connections,
and the only reason for the move was
found in the increased business be
liik done between the I'nlted States and
eastern world and the situation
which, since the commencement of the
war, has been a lack of vessels for char
t«r. This scarcity of bottoms has placed
the merchants In a position of being
obliged to accept any additional burden
that the roads decide to place upon them,
for the reason that they control the only
means of getting the goods, which, In
cases have been already Bold, Eo
the markets for which they are destined.
As many of these sales were based on
the old schedule of freight rates It is easy
that tho coast should have a I
tlve on the commission.
More than oni merchant who happened
trustee or preside nt of ■
zation of commercl il or Indu
.: ■■ asked whether he ob
;in added
to his name on th< petition. Merchants
did not know that there would be anj
oth< ■ the field. They per
mitted their names to be slgi
clals.
Thus tho railroad appeared to have
grained the indorsement of several
Izations, when It really had only Individ
ual signatures. One organixal
thus was signed up, the Bigner h ivlng
been misled, has since Indorsed Mr.
Wheeler as a body. The president of an
other organization signed as . .
ual. but on the petition the institutl
h he Is the official head was made
ppear to Indorse Chlpman as a
Pays passed and the Chlpman petition
secretly circulated, and the great
mercantile body of the Pacitlc Coast was
In entire ignorance of what was gning un.
Then the fact was fully realized that a
sr.rakthief trick had ! een played on them.
The two business men who had called
upon Mr. Stubbs saw that he had used
them only to pull his chestnuts out of the
fire. Courtesy of the most common sort
c suggested that they should
hay been notified if Mr. Stubbs hi
h« desi ribed his act at the meeting In the
yellow "knockery" last week, nominated
General Chlpman. They were as fully In
\hf dark as were all the Other merchants
and manufacturers of the coast
It Is still the Southern Pacific Company
nirnlr.st the en ess Interests of
: aciflc Coast in the matter of the
ncy on the Intersl I imerce
Festerday a communication
received from the Seattle i
i immei ■by the P • -r Jobbers'
and Manufacturers' Association. This
signed by Thomas W. Prosch, secre
tary. The •s: "This
Chamber of Commerce has recommei
Wiiliam R. Whe< ler to 1 I ir members
of Congress representing us at Washing
ton, iv C., for appointment as member of
the Interstate Commerce Commission."
In this city a Joini petition Is In prep
aration, to be signed by 'he president and
secretary of the various commercial
■ in San Francisco and to be for
warded to President McKlnley. From ona
;' the coast to the other letters are
coming- In from private Individuals and
business firms Indorsing Mr. Wheeler.
BUSINESS MAN WANTED.
i LOS ANGELES, Oct. 30.—Notwithstand
j ing the indorsement of W. R. Wheeler of
I San Francisco by the Pacific Coast Job
j bers' and Manufacturers' Association to
j represent tne coast States on the Inter-
I state Commerce Commission and his
I backing of the Portland Chamber of Com
! merce, It is understood in commercial cir
cles in this city that the present compli
cated position the matter has assumed
may end in no appointment being made
from this coast. The Los Angeles com
mercial bodies are a unit for 'Wheeler, but
to-day they are Informed that General X.
P. Chipman of Red Bluff is in the running
and that he Is groomed by the Southern
Pacific. The matter is further compli
cated by the action of the San Francisco
Manufacturers' an.l Producers' Associa
tion that first Indorsed Chlpman by
adopting resolutions favorable to Chip
man, while to-day a letter is received
from the same body containing resolu
tions commending wheeler. The contest
according to the Los Angeles contingent
appears to be resolving itself Into one of
the hammering affairs for which Califor
nia has for years been noted and that
usualy end in the aspirations of the coast
being defeated.
A prominent wholsaler to-night when
asked to give an opinion said: "A polit
ical string is behind this matter. If the
Los Angeles business men are willing to
trust Wheeler our representatives can af
ford to do bo. As we are warring with
the Southern Pacific and other roads we
aßk for a plain business man, one who
knows his business and who does not play
Into the hands of the corporations."
WHEELER INDORSED.
Two Thousand Santa Clara
Republicans Voice Their
Sentiments.
BAN JOSE, Oct. 30.— The Republican
Good Government League of Santa Clara,
which represents over 2000 Republican
voters, at a well attended meeting- passed
a resolution indorsing William R.
Wheeler for the vacancy existing In the
Interstate Commerce Commission. It was
urged that the Pacific Coast needed a
representative in that body. The follow-
In?; resolution was passed unanimously:
Resolved, That we heartily indorse the ap
pointment of William R. Wheeler of San Fran
cisco as a member of the Interstate Commerca
Commission, believing sail appointment to be
In the Interests of good government and the
future of our Golden West.
Copies of the resolution will be sent to
the President and to the Congressional
delegation representing California.
The Good Government League is made
up largely of orchardlsts, vlneyardlsts
find farmers, and the resolution* shows
the sentiments of these classes.
A motion was also carried against the
holding of a special session of the Legis
lature for the purpose of electing a T'nited
a Senator, as it was feared that Dan
Burns or some other unsuitable person
would be elected.
to see the harm that a sudden increase
reaching in many oases to over 65 per
cent, has occasioned to the sellers on this
side of the '
They are obliged to fulfill their con
tracts, and the unexpected lump in the
expense of transportation more than eats
up any prolit they may have hoped to
make.
In nearly every case the goods that
have suffered the greatest taxation are
those for which there is the greatest de
mand and which form the bulk of ex
port from the United States, particularly
the South and West.
Thus canned Roods have pone up from
75 cents to $1 25 per 100 pounds in carload
lota and from $123 to $1 75 per hundred
In less than carload shipments. Boots
and shoes are rated at $3 in carload lots
and at $4 50 in lesser quantities. Cotton
piece goods have gone from $107 to $135
and from $1 35 to $1 7. >. Electrical machin
ery, appliances and supplies have been
raised from $1 2." to $2 in carload lots and
from $175 to $3 In other quantities. Gin
ping nails, spikes, paper, soap, wood pulp,
alcohol, high spirits and wines, raw cot
ton, glue, tobacco In all shapes, packing
house goods, such as bacon, hams, beef
pork, pips feet and f In fact, everything
that hna any call whatever in the Orient
haiß been advanced from 45 to 65 per cent
These figures when applied to the im
mense shipments that are yearly made
™ o this country to China and" Japan
alone mean hundreds upon thousands of
dollars added to the already Immense
»rnlnn of t\, he different companies ; "h1
H Is from the legitimate profits of "he
merchants that this new source of reve
nue is made to flow
bo r a h rd"s c r r a sl? ppl^r frora all Atlantic sea
nointq 'to PSn s°' e * teTn ttnd Southern
Fn Cnma°and ia gU ' ar P ° intS ° entr^
Theodore Wores' Paintings.
Pictures painted by Theodore Wore
consisting of portraits and scenes In
t m oTh b e er c Xl u' b iAon. ClUb WUI ""&&%
THE !?a:N FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
MADHOUSE CLAIMS NOTED
AMOS LUNT, THE HANGMAN
AMOS I-t'N'T, the hangman of San
Quentln, driven Insane by the
specters of the twenty odd mur-
derers around whose necks heß
had placed the death noose in <>I»*ril-H
ence to the law of which he was t):<-H
servant, was yesterday committed '"I
the Napa Asylum. The verdict of I>r1 >r H
J. 11. Barbat, reinforced by the •-\ H
pert opinions of Drs. Ruthers andH
Windell and the sorrowful testimony^
of the unfortunate man's wife. wasH
that the ex-hangman was suffering^
from melancholia, and upon this tes-M
tlmoiiy Judge Hahrs reluctantly slgno.dM
the order <<f commitment. Am"sl
Lunt's friends and Mrs. I, tint tindH
some consolation in the hope that un-H
der skillful treatment the strlrkonM
man may in time recover his m<\;i;i!l
equilibrium, but this hope is .'loiulodM
with the horrible tear that instead '.' : 'H
recovering the demon-haunted brainH
may bo completely wrecked by 'i'"H
continued strain to which it la hoingH
subjected and the tainted uim.'sphereM
ci the madhouse.
The Amos hunt of to-day Is a tarJM
different ■■tin from the Amos I, mil 'H
a few weeks aga The strong, st.vi-M
nerved, hard-headed hangman hasH
been transformed into a weak, tivmb-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
ling:,- nerveless, palsied wreck of humanity, afraid of his own shadow. His
condition Is truly pitiable. The weird shadows of the night to his distorted
vision transform themselves into a myriad of vengeful devils, each reaching
forth a pair of claw-like hands to clutch his throat, while fiendish leers of
triumph distort their already hideous faces. "With daylight the grinning de
mons come to him in different form, but always with the same faces, the
faces of the executed murderers who perished by his official hand on the
prison gallows. The priceless boon of sleep is denied him. and his poor,
specter-racked brain knows no rest or respite from the horrible nightmare.
N i murderer among the long array of those around whose guilty necks
Amos Lunt placed the deadly hangman's noose ever suffered such torture
as Is being inflicted by an inscrutable Providence on the Innocent Instru
ment of their taking off and probably not one among them would, even in
his most vengeful moments, have wished such a fate to befall his execu
tioner.
SCHOONER SINKS
AT STOCKTON
Mishap to the Energy,
Wheat Laden.
Special Dispatch to The CBJI.
STOCKTON. Oct. 30.— The schooner En
ergy, with 9-" 1 " sacks of choice milling
wheat on board, sunk at 3 o'clock this
, morning in Stockton Channel, just op
i posite the western end of the Union
Transportation Company's shed. There
are several reports as to what caused the
; vessel to sink. The crew of the Energy
claim that rain Boaked into the deckload
of wheat and added so much weight that
the vessel was unable to float. Others
: claim that the schooner leaked. It is de
i cleared that she had on a cargo weighing
en sixty and seventy tons, notwith
iing that her registered tonnage is
but slightly over fifty.
The schooner arrived In the channel at
about T o'clock last evening in tow of the
tug Rush. The vessel tied up at the South
Wharf, but the captain of the sen ■
i on sounding, that the water was
illow next to the wharf that wiien
thf> tide fell the boat would ground and
Ily capsize. He therefore moved the
Energy to the middle of the channel and
anchored.
But one of the crew was on the vessel
when she went down. He was In the eah
! In and narrowly escaped drowning. Had
i the water in the channel been a few feet
i deeper the sailor would not have escaped.
: As it was the top and companlonway of
i the house of the schooner were not en
tirely submerged.
The wheat belong to Jacob Simon and
was being shipped to the Sheperd Doyle
Company for storage. The wheat swelled
so that many of the sacks burst open. A
barere was tnwed alongside the sunken
ncr to-day and the work of trans
; ferring the grain from the schooner cora
i menced.
Dewey in His New Home.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 30. — Admiral
Dewey to-day took possession of his new
home. The last of the furniture was ar
ranged In the new house to-day and the
admiral's trunks were brought up from
the apartments he has been occupying
at the Everett.
08^ k ~^^*3B I j^ll B 5 j^m MOM ■ HP" Ira. I ■■§ VA A j\^* frl^
IoNp^^LAND TtoNGKONO
EDcrcle s .lhe with it*, world 'famed laxative remedy
M^P i ■■uinMiMir
for sale by the reputable- Dru^iststhroudhouf the world -Price 50 cents per bottle
THE HIGHEST OBJECT
I Of the art of advertising is to correctly
inform the public of the merits of any
article, and truthful statements always
prove most effective In time. The val-
uable reputation acquired by the Cali-
fornia Fig Syrup Co., by reason of the
excellence of the pleasant laxative rem-
-1 edy, Syrup of Figs, which it manufac-
i tures/ confirms the statement which the
company freely makes, that the best
of remedies only should be used when
j required by the human system. If a
j laxative remedy is required the most
gentle and effectual — Syrup of Figs
I should be given the preference over the
AMOS L.T7NT.
BOLD HOLD-UP ON
CROWDED STREET
Louis Footpads Make
St.
a Good Haul.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FT. LOUIS, Oct. 30.— Robert B. Jen
nings, secretary nnd manager of the
Broadway Cable Company, was held up
this afternoon on the corner of Washing
ton avenue and Broadway nnd robbed of
a large cum of money. The robbery oc
curred on a crowded down-town corner.
The thieves escaped with their booty.
Mr. Jennings was coming from the
Boatman's Hank, where he had drawn
the money to pay off his men. When
boarding a car to go to the company's
office three men pushed him into a cor
ner and took the money.
The men got away with $1043 In cash
and J45.275 In negotiable paper. A man
who saw the robbery got a good look at
one of the robbers, nt whom he gave a
description to the police.
Several years ago Mr. Jennings, who Is
an elderly man, was robbed In a similar
manner. His assailants were, captured
and are serving terms in the pentlten
tiary.
VIOLATE THE FISH LAWS.
Revenue Cutter Perry Has Returned
From a Cruise.
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 80.— The United
States revenue cutter Perry", Captain W.
F. Kilgore, returned home to-day from a
five months' cruise in Alaskan waters.
Captain Kilgore. says he found several
flagrant violations of the fish laws and
regulations on the part of certain can
n< ry corporations; that they have fenced
one particular stream, preventing the sal
mon from renching their spawning
grounds. The matter has been reported
to the Government.
Tulare County Teachers Meet.
VISAL.IA. Oct. 30.— The Tulare County
Teachers' Institute convened here to-day
for four days' Beaslon. There were 154
teachers in attendance. Dr. Kendriek C.
Kiihcock of the State University Is chief
Instructor.
old-time cathartics and liver medicines,
which were disagreeable to the taste
and frequently Injurious as well. The
more one takes of salts and pills the
more constipate! the system becomes;
while on the other hand one enjoys both
the method and results when Syrup of
Figrs is taken. It Is pleasant and re-
freshing to the taste and acts gently
yet promptly on the kidneys, liver and
bowels; cleanses the system effectual-
ly, dispels colds, headaches and fevers
and overcomes habitual constipation
permanently; also biliousness and the
many ills resulting therefrom. The
great trouble with all other purgatives
and aperients is not that they fail to
act, when a single dose is taken, but
that they act too violently and Inva-
STAFFORD SAID
"BOODLE" AND
GEDGE GOT MAD
Sudden Adjournment
of School Board.
THE SCAVENGER TO BLAME
•
MRS. BEANSTON REINSTATED IN
HER POSITION.
"I said boodle," grinned Director Staf
ford.
"So did I," echoed Director Stow.
"You be careful what you say, sir,"
lisped the ladylike Director Gedge; and
then to avoid the wrath to come from Di
rector Conlon's business partner Director
Eels moved that the Board (if Education
adjourn and President Bergerot turned
lot se a Bigh of relief and ordered it done.
A matter of saving Director Cole some
thing like VuO per month was behind it all.
It is common talk in the School Depart
ment that the present scavenger whose
duty it is to keep the schools free of gar
hires the wagon he uses from Cole,
who, when he i 3 not attending school
meetings, is In the teaming business. Last
August one of the members of the Scav
engers' Union offered to do the work for
$5u a month less and furnish his own
wagon. He has been offering to do it ever
since. His proposition, however, has been
combated from the ;start by directors
Armstrong, Conlon, Gedge, Kemp and at
times Bergerot. It came up again last
night and Director Stafford got up to ask
why, if hiring the new man would save
the city $50 a month, it was not done, he
Insinuated that only one reason could
stand In the way of so commendable a
measure of economy.
Gedge got up to explain. "Boodle,"
laughed Stafford, and "-Boodle." said Stew.
"You arc a lot of cheap guys," yelled
Kemp, jumping to the assistance of Di
rector Conlon' a partner. Gedge demanded
that Stafford repeat what he had said
and Stafford obligingly complied. Then.
Oedge let loose his threateneing warning
and Mr. Eels got nervous and the meet
ing was out. Cole's scavenger, however,
r'-mained.
The board reinstated Mrs. Emily Bean-
Bton In her position as teacher in the de
partment and ordered warrants drawn on
the Treasurer for her back salary. Mrs.
Beans ton' a case was Introduced by Presi
dent Bergerot, who announced the de
cision of Judge Seawell. Director Stow
moved that an appeal be taken to the Su
preme Court, but Directors Brandenstcin,
Gedge and Head objected on the ground
that nothing was to be gained by such
procedure. Gedge moved to lay Stow's
motion over a week, but there being no
second the vote was ordered on the or
iginal question. There were six ayes and
6 noes and the motion was declared lost,
as seven votes were required to pass it.
A writ of mandate had been served on
President Bergerot earlier in the evening,
and pursuant to Its directions the board
then ordered Mrs. Beanston reinstated
and her back salary paid.
Superintendent Webster reported that
the Italian classes being taught In the Le
Conte School by request of the Italian
Board of Languages behaved so badly
that the neighborhood would not stand It.
. his suggestion the following resolu
tion was adopted:
Resolved, That the date of the vacation by
the Italian classes of rooms in the Le Conte
Primary School he November 4, 1899.
Superintendent Webster submitted the
following resolution, which was adopted:
Rpsolved and ordered. That the following as
signments of teachers made by the Superintend
ent of Schools be and are hereby confirmed:
Miss M M. Wood from the Hawthorne Pri
mary School to the Moulder Primary, new class.
Miss L. li. Harrlgan from the Spring Valley
Grammar School (Vice Principal Mrs. A. C.
Taylor having resumed her duties as teacher
of the ninth grade) to the Hawthorne Primary
School vice Mi-s M. M. Wood.
Mr*. K. M. H.-nolll from the Hawthorne Pri
mary School to the Golden Gate Primary, vice
Mips Edna J. Scott, ffesißnod.
Mrs Irene M. Reeves to the Hawthorn* Pri
mary School, vice Mr?. E. M. Bonolli.
Mr*. Mary J. Parollnl from the James Lick
Gr>immar School to the prtnr-lpalship of the i
John W, Taylor, vice Mr?. R. 'Jreonan.
Mis? I>. A. Dowd from the Sherman Primary
to the Sunnyslde School, vice Miss J. A. liwyer.
Miss J. A. Dwyer from the Sunnyside School I
riably tend to produce a habit of
body requiring constantly augmented
doses.
The excellence of Syrup of Figs is due
not only to the originality and simplic-
ity of the combination, but also to the
care and skill with which it Is manu-
factured by scientific processes known
only to the California Fig Syrup Co
and therefore we wish to impress on all
the importance of accepting the true
and original remedy only. When buy,
ing note the full name of the coirmanv
-California Fig Syrup Co.— printed oh
the front of every package.
In the process of manufacturing the
pleasant family laxative made by the
California Fig Syrup Co.. and named
Syrup of Figs, figs are used, as they
to the Sherman Primary, vice Misß D. A.
Dowd.
The following resolution was also adopt
ed upon Superintendent Webster's sug
gestion:
Resolved and ordered. That section 99 of the
rules be amended to read: "Principals and
teachers must not give instruction for pay, or
any other compensation, to pupils of their
schools, nor shall such lnstnutl"n be given in
any building or room belonging to the Public
School Department. "
The resignations of Mrs. J. S. Drew (nee
Fredericks) and Miss Edna J. Scott were
received and referred to the committee.
Director Holbrook, chairman of *he
Finance Committee, reported that that
body had authorized the purchase of
enough coal for use in the schools until
the middle of November. Chairman Hol
brook also recommended that the board
enter into a contract with the Remington
Typewriter agents for the lease of fifty '
typewriters for twenty months at three
dollars per month each. The contract pro
vided that if the payments were kept up
through the twenty months, ownership in ,
tho machines should pass to the depart- j
ment. The action of the committee in or
dering coal was indorsed and the type
writer lease was adopted, with the pro
vino that it be submitted to Attorney
Samuel Knight and Director Eels 'or
their approval. The buildings and grounds
committee was authorized to expend dur- I
ing November not to exceed $1600 in nee- j
eesary repairs on school buildings.
The" evening schools committee recom- ]
mended that William Herrod be reinstat- |
ed as a regular teacher in the evening
schools under the date of his original ap
pointment, July 21, 1897.
Leaves of absence were granted the fol- i
lowing teachers: Louis de F. Bartlett, I
Florence P. Morrison, Louise A. ('ullen, i
A. M. ECorteck, W. H. Edwards, Mrs. B.
N. Loud
Miss E. T. Holmes of the probationary
list was elected a regular teacher upon |
recommendation of the committee on >
qualification of teachei-s. Miss Grace 1
Burns and Miss Lily Toomey were I
granted grammar grade certificates. Miss j
Viola Olcovlch was granted a High School
certificate upon her diploma from Stan
ford University.
MANY PANTHERS FOUND
IN MARIN COUNTY
Dairymen and Farmers at Some Dis
tance Removed From Towns
Much Frightened.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 30.— 50 many pan
thers seem to be roaming around Marin
County at present that the dairymen and
farmers living away from the vicinity of
towns and villages are kent in a state of
apprehension. The latest instance of a
panther frightening dairymen occurred
this morning when two of the species, a
male and a female, appeared at Dutaro's
ranch near Point San Pedro and killed a
yearling calf. Dutaro saw John Smith.
:i well-known market hunter of this city,
passing by and besought his aid In kill
ing the ferocious beasts. Smith dis
charged a shotgun at the panthers, which
fled into the hills.
Last week a panther chased the 10
--year-old son of Charles Orcutt in Chileno
: Valley and was frightened away from the
i intended victim by two dogs. A month
I ago two of the hungry beasts attacked a
| sea lion nn Hog Island, at the entrance
to Tomales Hay. and succeeded in killing
it after a terrific encounter, in which they
j were both badly injured.
STATE'S GOVERNOR ON
THANKSGIVING DAY
Proclamation Said to Be the Shortest
of the Character Ever Issued
in California.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 30.— The Governor
to-day issued a Thanksgiving proclama
tion, which is said to be one of the short
est ever issued by a California Governor.
It is as follows:
"In obedience to the universal and
praiseworthy American custom of setting
apart a day for public thanksgiving and
prayer to almighty God, and for the per
formance of charitable works; and, fur
ther, in conformity with the proclamation
of the President of the United States of
America, given at the city of Washington,
D. C, October 25. 1599. I. Henry T. Gage,
as Governor of the State of California,
do hereby proclaim Thursday, the 30th
day of November, A. D. IS3O, as Thanks
giving day, and I do hereby declare the
same a legal holiday."
Two Men Burned to Death.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Oct. 30.— An elec
tric spark from a switchboard at the In
diana Powder Company's plant at Fon
taine, this county, ignited some powder
on the cap of an employe, burning to
death two men. The dead are Samuel
Kiiiß. aerod 30, and Alfred Mcßride. aged
22. Dyke Overly was badly burned, but
will recover. The men went Into the mo
tor house of the plant contrary to orders.
are pleasant to the taste: but the me-
dicinal properties of the remedy are
obtained from an excellent combina-
tion of plants known to be medici-
nally laxativ > and to act most
beneficially.
As the true and original remedy
named Syrup of Figs is manufactured
by the California Fig Syrup Co. only, a
knowledge of that fact will assist in
avoiding the worthless imitations man.
ufactured by other parties. The high
standing of the California Fig Syrup '
Co. with the medical profession, and
the satisfaction which the genuine
Syrup of Figs has given to millions of
families make the name of the com-
pany a guarantee of the excellence of
its remedy.
POLITICAI/.
CITIZENS'
NON-PARTISAN
PARTY.
FOR GOOD GOVERNMENT.
To the Voter* of Pan Francisco: The Non-
Partisan pnrty was organized seven years ago
to wrest from professional politicians the con-
trol of municipal affairs and to separate en-
tirely from national politics the selection of
city and county officials.
It hns at all times opposed machine politics.
and sought to elect worthy men to office by in-
dependent nomination or indorsement.
The last Legislature passed a law express!?
aimed at the "unwelcome Interference" in
public affairs of non-partisan organization?.
The Rioknrd act forbids any information on the
I. allot concerning the indorsements that a can-
didate may receive and makes It impossible for
a man to he nominated by two parties. Sad
a creditable occurrence as th" nomination last
year by the two great parties of John L«ack-
mann for Supervisor could not be repeatel.
We regard this law as pernicious In prlnclpls
and against public policy, and we intend to
vigorously contest It.
The adoption of a non-partisan charter. th»
result of the last primary election, and the In-
dependent character of the recent Republican
and Democratic conventions, clearly Indicate,
however, that the friends of good government
have awakened to« their dut
With these changed conditions we fee! thn-
there is no occasion for an entire Non-Partlsar.
ticket at this election.
It is, however, a fundamental principle of
this party to support those nominees who hay«
faithfully and fearlessly filled their offices ana
nre renominated for the same office. We would
fall in our obligations were we to leave this
work undone.
■ We therefore unqualifiedly recommend for
your suffrage at the coming election:
For Mayor JAMES D. PHELAN
For Assessor. WASHINGTON DODGE
For Auditor ASA R. WELLS
For City and County Attorney...
FRANKLIN K. LANE
To each of these faithful servants of the
people there is certainly due a generous meas-
ure of credit and encouragement, for the able
and honest manner in which they have ful-
filled their public trust.
This committee, furthermore, realising the
difficulty for each individual voter to inform
himself as to the qualifications of the many
candidates for the Board of Supervisors, has
given careful and impartial study to the rela-
tive merits of the nominees on the several
tickets.
As the result of continuous work by this
committee, extending over a month's time, re-
garding this important department of the city
government, we feel Justified in recommending
for your support and vote, irrespective of
party lines, the following eighteen citizens, se-
lected from the Republican and Democratic
tickets, to constitute the first Board of Super-
visors under the new charter:
Booth, James P. ; ToMn, Joseph S.
Branflensteio, H. U. j Foster, Samuel
(Me, A. Jr. I Gooisell, D. C. M.
D'Ancona, A. A. \ Jeffers, Milo S.
Holding, R. M. j King, Charles J.
Jennings, Thomas | Morris, T. H.
Pohli, Emil ! Sanderson, George R.
Pntnam, Osgool | Watson, William
Been, Charles Wesley [ Wright, Cyrus s.
CITIZENS' NON-PARTISAN COUNTY
COMMITTEE.
GEORGE K. FITCH, Chairman.
JOSEPH BRITTON, Vioe-Chairman.
C. C. BURR, Secretary.
San Francisco, Oct. 30, 1«99.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
FOR MAYOR,
MIES D. PHELAN,
INCUMBENT,
DEMOCRATIC
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
Ml A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C C. O'DOINIVELi-
CORONER.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nearly fifty years
of constant and painstaking
endeavor has characterized
the out-put of John Wie-
land's Brewery.
In the beginning there
was no better. To-day it
stands the largest, richest
and best equipped in
modern and scientific ap-
paratus for making a pure,
wholesome beverage for
family vs 2.
Wieiands
Extra Pale
is the "Pasturized," bottled
product of that high
Standard. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California llott ing Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
IT IS BETTER TO GIVE
THAN TO RECEIVE,
especially in a srnod cause, and that is
irhy we delight in giving our customers j
Fuch pereet laundry work when they
favor us with tlieir patronage. We not I
only give them perfect satisfaction in
the color and finish of • heir linen, but
•vve give them twice the wear that they
would get if their garments were done ;
up by inferior methods. "No saw-
edpres."
United States Laundry. Off lea
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St"
•.•••••...••a
[Don't Pay Too Much A 6]
for Your Fall and , v <||q
Winter Suit. fj JT |
: Let me make it at akpl I I
reasonable price. m^V\tl 5
I I make the r-est and H '-A |i{
: charze less, which means fli pj P^ :
I a saving: to you of 25 •] m iv£J!
• per cent on the dollar. < i (\j \'^/r\
£ A perfect fit and it- i«!*r/l !
I superior workman- n •'[ i||T*jl
i ship guaranteed. \ kifUi^W^' **
\ Money refunded W* YxkPtu* >
jif dissatisfied. t /X-aiLOr!
:El*eant All- ,„„,„„,, , . :
: \\> i c ;►.. inO-1112 Market st. i
: Wool Suits... 201-203 Montgomery 3
; $15.50 st -> an Francisco. •
: All- Wool PantS *011 Washington St.. C
: $4 ,<) Oakland. :
:,~ , ttcTk 14 ' 1 So - Spring st., •
: Overcoats $SO Los Angeles. |
* i •■•••■■■ , laamal wmmm m '
I VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
♦ f3r A Natural Mineral Water t
tuAJ
6 &*i with medicinal qualities, O J
o jWR For Indigestion and °
0 4^Bk Stomach Disorders, o ]
IBm Stalled VICHY ! |
1*5=51, IN SIPHONS *
I [JM^ 'AM VJCHY§
o ir^iipyi Get the Genuine %
° A. VIGNIER, DlstributinfirAgento
♦O*0*0#0*0«0^0 / t0*0<>0*0#0»0»
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
i
DR. METERS & CO. have trie lariat j>r*c- s
v.cs and beet equipped medical institution '.
'en the Pacific Coast. Established 17 year». !
j PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at orUce }
or by mull. All letters confidential. *
731 Market St., San Francisco.
I Transcontinental tourists and tray- I
eler« from all over the United States 7
' chow their appreciation of the excel- !
♦ lence of the J
♦ F>/\L/\OE AHD {
GRAND
1 by making thepe hotels their headquar- '
(i ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen '
< hundred rooms. 900 with baths— largest i
I and finest in the world.
, JOHN C. KIRKPATUI'-K. Mnnager. «
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
is A CHEAT KKSTOiIATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both rexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
nevo and Bladder. Belli on It* own Merits.
NABER, ALKS St ERUNE. Agents.
223 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
BURGEEY
WILL. OPEN for the admission of students
. MONDAY, Octobtr 23.
For further particulars addicts
B. W. DENNIS, M.D.. D.D.S.. Dean,
416 Parrott building,
or
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M., M.D., Seo-
reury, 1121 Butter st.
FARCES AT THE
COLUMBIA ARE
DULL AID SLOW
"Brown's in Town'
for a Week.
JOLLITY AT THE CALIFORNIA
PUMPKIN-COLORED BABIES AT
THE ORPHEUM.
"The Conspirators" Still Crowding
the Grand— One Week More of
"The Musketeers" — Dewey
at the Chutes.
The gilded part of our population is
Bitting bravely through three farces at ;
the Columbia. ;ind making a noble effort
to think that they are funny. Meanwhile
another phase of the population is enjoy
j ing flve times as good specialties at the
] Orpheum and pocketing half the price
that the others spend. ;
Every one of the farces that has been i
presented has had one hit— precisely one. j
"By the Sad Sea Waves" brings a gener- !
ous supply of pretty girls with nice little j
twinkling voices. But, pretty as they are. !
■ they can't carry a farce, and when one
I must, for the rest, listen to wit that is
| not witty and watch business that is not
I new, the evening might be better spent.
What is the trouble? Is New York so
! easily pleased, or do the entertainers
think wo are not worth much effort? :
I Speculate who will. The fact remains
that the farce season at the Columbia Is
now in the sere and yellow leaf, and only
two or three funny things have happened
I in its whole course. There is one more
chance— "Why Smith Left Home"— if
! Smith is as futile as his predecessors,
; then let us conclude that the times are
out of joint.
•'By the Sad Sea Waves" lacks the
rattle-ty-bang that made "Hotel Topsy
Turvy" endurable, and it has not the old
prejudice in its favor that helped "A Milk
White Flag." It is frankly Hat. It does
not make any strenuous effort beyond the
composing of the programme, to be a
joke, and, simple logic, it is not. It is
very, very insipid. Bessie Challenger
I gives promise during the first act of keep
, ing on the safe side of Sis Hopkins and
not overdoing her, much as Sis tempts.
Nonsense! What is the use supposing for
a minute that anybody but Rose Melville
I could steer safely through the song and
dance? Open pops the chance, and In falls
Bessie.
The women of the company can't do
anything but sing, and the men can't do
even that. The plot of the farce is the
least thread that a play was ever strung
upon. But you are expected to laugh.
It may come easier with practice. There
will be almost two weeks more in which
to try. SARAH COMSTOCK.
Tivoli.
Why do people go into such ecstasies
over productions at European the
when they are ablo to witness Just as
■ good and in some Instances even better
performances of grand opera in San Fran
cisco? A ca=e in point was the production
of "L'Africair.e" last evening. For six
rears I attended the court opera at Karls
ruhe, Baden, one of the leading German
theaters, where Felix Mottl, the cele
brated conductor, swings the baton, and
1 can say with full confidence that the
performance of "I.'At'ricaine" at the
Tivoli last evening was superior to
•of the (rorman theater. They had neither
oloists like Salassa, Avedano, Wan
rcll and Anna Lichti P, >r was their
chorus superior to that of the Tivoli.
These are tacts, not fancies. There is
altogether too much Idol worship in this,
oductlons.
BaJassa was strictly in his element as
; Nelusko, the dusky slave. His dramatic
! temperament and his extensive vocal ac
tiad ampie opportunity to
assert themselves. It was a sincere en-
Joyment to follow this well trained vocal
ist in his grand aria during the ship
The savage strides, the diaboli
cal laugh, the Intense action and the bud
llme voice blended Into a stage picture,
1 the force of winch created a thrill in
every attentive listener. Avedano. to'>.
ited his former triumphs as an ef
fectlve heroic tenor In his graphic imper
sonation of Vasco da <",-,;na. Anna LJch
: ter in the role of the African princess
■ gave complete satisfaction, because of her
• •are of execution and delightful lnter-
I pretation. G. S. Wanrell in his doublt role
j of Don I'^dro and the High Priest gave
; further evidence that he is. not only the
• ssor of a One bass voice, but is also
1 a conscientious artist.
ALFRED .mi:tzi;er.
Orpheum.
The bill at the Orpheum this wef>k is
j an exceptionally strong one and last night
every seat was occupied. Among the new
rea Louise Dresser and hf-r two
I pickaninnies established themselves as
I prime favorites. The singing and playing
j of the two young darkies were so good
that the audience would not be sattsfW-d
and they and Miss Dresser were recalled
and again. Hal Merrltt and Miss
•■k in a pantomimic sk<-t<-h, "Lunch
■ i," also created a most favorable
Impression. Merrltt's imitations of sharp
-1 nfng a knife, sawing a piece of wood,
drawing soda water from a fountain and
particularly of the phonograph were re
-1 markably clever. Jack Norworth, the
, singing comedian, was full of jokes and
they took wi 11.
(in virtuoso, charmed the
audience with the intermezzo from "Ca
■ la Rußticana" and 1 1 tions,
and Mile. Lotty In her "poses plastique
w.is as daringly entrancing as ever. The
other holdovers— Laura Burt, Wright
Huntington and company, Mile. Emu's
trkk and musical canines and Walton's
gymnast monkeys— completed the attrac
tions.
California.
"Brown's in Town," the farce at the
I California Theater, is a liberal education
in the art of t'-lling that which is not true.
j The theater was packed again last night
and interest in the domestic troubles of
the fictitious Brown never lagged. The
situations all seemed so natural that one
could not help sympathizing with the
members of the household in which all of
th< desperate lying is done.
Maude Knowlton was warmly greeted.
while Jeeale Mac Hall's flute-like voice
■i her a number of encores. The
fare- has only this week to run and will
apparently attract crowded houses
throughout. _
Grand Opera-House.
The second week oi the production of
Stewari ;m<l Greene's comic opera, "The
Conspirators," opened 1.-jst night in the
Grand Opera House to the usual large and
appreciative audience The performers
were In excellent voice and spirits, and
the good things, notably the maiden's
prayer, the duet in the first act between
Don Juanito and Don FiiipD, Isabella's
0 if if if if if if if if if if if if if if ¥****¥**¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*¥¥¥¥¥¥*¥¥¥*¥ i
I LAME BACK FOR 32 YEARS
I JPPf|k^ CURED by DR. PIERCES BELT
It > > >§mg£fl\?~ Vlf->s^^ c ~ OPHIR. Cal., July 16, 1899.
3- N<^ > *j*V->'*T IX 1 trTY >^ Pierce Klprtrlr Co., Fan Francisco— Oents:
T -~i-i^^^^ n tH"" J 'liCVl / Tour Electric Belt cured me of a lame back
1 -^•im^jG?** Wl'" • U ■ JV-A/x of 32 sears' standing. I got your Belt 8 yean
X -^sjT/fZjr 1 %V" sVTiMrvV^-''- ■■•* ■' / ' afro and used It a short time and from that
*' -^v-i 'i&dfrj/SP ~ '-* rwHmili '^^"h r*- r * time on have had no trouble of that kind.
*" -^/>^?^K fT N^*^HJBIPIiE^ *->Vy Yours very truly, CERIACO ESTRADA,
* <">^s^'r~' I^^^^ MR - RICHARD HOLMES of Santa Monica,
X- ■ r? t^a^ri' l^' - BnT IMyV' Cftl -' In writing us on June 16, ''A Bays: "Dr.
5- -^S^9P^ '/f^Jl 'xv \ Pierce, your Belt proves to be A GRAND 6UC-
>■ //J&W*QmI/ frS-^£~~ l^~~~ ' We have hundreds of letters Ilk- the above
"' ~^£rg&iXJ*~ /r~l.^3tf^'*'*^ :T " — now on flic an < " IPr " arriving ail the time.
1 "ssS>2?& t^il^^jf/^jT 1 -*- If you want a Belt that will CURE, try "DR.
■^ V T^-' — PIERCES" and you will not b« disappointed.
>■ ■^Z; '^aHKMBB^. LX Booklet No. 2 tells all about It. Call at
>■ - Si l £r office or send 2c in stamps. Address
| PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY,
'" 620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Gal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899,
WERE WEDDED IN A
BOWER OF FLOWERS
ONE of the most Interesting wed
dings of the season took place
last evening at the Bird resi
dence, 1420 Sacramento street,
when Miss Enid Aline Bird was united
in wedlock to Leonard A. Rosenberg.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Mr. Hutsinplllar of the Central
Methodist Episcopal Church.
Smilax and La France roses con
verted the house into a veritable
bower, and shaded lights heightened
the effect. Promptly at S o'clock the
ceromony began. Thp bride wore a
handsome traveling gown of brown
broadcloth, and was as beautiful as a
bride could be. Mrs. Bird wore an
elegant creation of black lace over
silk. Only the relatives were present.
As a whole the affair was kept very
quiet on account of the recent death
of the groom's father, Jacob Rosen
berg, who was one of the most promi
nent wool merchants of this city.
The bride was given away by her
brother, Marshall Bird, who lately
won renown as one of Roosevelt's
solo, the Cacucha dance and Wolfe's
boomerang song were encored.
Alcazar.
"The Three M-asketeers" began the sec
ond week to a large audience at the Al
cazar last evening. The performance
went with perfect smoothness nnd the
principals won a number of recalls.
The Chutes.
Frank Hall, an English lion-tamer, gave
a thrilling performance with Wallace, the
handsome lion from the Zoo at the Chutes
Theater last night. He cowed the big
beast only with the aid of blank car
tridges fired in its face, and the audience
responded with tumultuous applause.
Major Mite gave a new specialty; Adgie
sang "Since Rachel Ran Away With a
Coon" in her den of lions and the rest of
the bill was good. The moving pictures
showing the local candidates were well
received,
Olympia.
The Olympia has a good hill this week
and every net on the programme was well
received last night. Frank Barton is still
prime favorite and Ruth Nelta as big a
hit as ever. The other numbers are pleas
ing.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur cape*, cloaks.
Credit. M. Kothschlld. 38* Post st. *
BULLMAN
ON THREE
WINNERS
NEW YORK, Oct. 30.— Glenolne, in the,
last race, was the only favorite to win at
Aqueduct to-day, the other five poing
down in quick succession. Bullman took
the Jockey honors, winning the last three
events. The followers of O'Connor had a
bad day, as he did not ride a winning
mount.
The fourth race, a handicap at a mile
and a furlong, was the best of the day.
Trillo was made a slight favorite over
Walt Not and Lothario. He made the run
ning up the back stretch and around the
upper turn, with Wait Not close up and
the rest of the field trailing. He went
coming into the stretch, carrying
Wait Not with him, and Bullman, bring
ing Lothario through on the rail, saved
ground and in a hard drive the last six
teenth won by a neck from Trillo, who
was two lengths before Wait Not. Re
sults:
About seven furlongs— Ben Hadad won, L'Al
second, Lady Llndsey third. Time,
Mile nnd a sixteenth, selling— Flax Bplnner
won, Veracious second, Weller third. Time,
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Cupidity
won. Prejudice second, Her Ladyship third.
Time 1 "!■
Mile an<l a furloncr— Lothario won, Trillo
second. Wait Not third. Time. l:6Sg.
B?tve and a half furlongs. Belling— Back Talk
won. Handy second, Corinthian third. Time,
Mile and seventy yard; 1 . -Glenolne won. Chiv
alrous second, I.<uifid"n third. Time. 1:49.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 30.— The fall meeting of
the Queen City Jockey Club opened at New
port, Ky . to-day, with pleasant weather and
good attendance. The track was heavy, but
fast time wax nrndf. Results-
Six furlones— The Star of Bethlehem won.
Larkspur pecond. Merry Day third. Time, 1:1".
Five and a half furlongs — Caviar won, Etta
second, Charlie O'Brien third. Time, l:0:»!£.
On<^ and a quarter miles, selling — The Bond
man won, Orsic II second. Kodac third. Time,
2-13
. Six furlongs, handicap— John Terkes won,
Donald Bain second. Lord Fairfax third. Time,
1:14%.
One and an eighth mile?, selling— I See
'Em won. Frank McConnell second. Malaise
third. Time, 1:57.
CHICAGO, Oct. 30.— Weather clear; track
heavy. Results:
Seven furlongs, Felling— Horseshoe Tobacco
won, David second. Plantain third. Time,
1:31%-
Five furlongs— Florinel II won. Red Cross II
second, Lovable third. Time. I:O3Vi.
Seven furlongs, selling:— Deorinp won, Tobe
Payne second, Princess Murphy third. Time,
1:31%.
One mile — Toppan won, Great Bend second,
B< nn< ill- third. Time. I:4:>H-
One and an eighth miles, celling— Hold Up
won, Ramlet second. Blidad third. Time, 1:59%.
One mile— Jim McCleevy won, Man of Honor
second, Canoce third. Time, 1:45.
For More Sports See Fourth Page.
Rouph Riders. Miss Mabel Rice act
ed na bridfpmald and Arthur Card
nouth ns lit-st man. After the cere
mony tho quests enjoyed a sump
tuous banquet. Both parties to tho
contract are well known In soda] cir
cles in this city and across the !>ay,
ami tliflr friend? will he greatly sur
prised at thp event because of fts un
exjw ctedness. The bride is a grand
daughter of W. W. Theobalds, a pio
neer newspaper man of this State.
She entered the State University with
the class of 1902, and was very prom
inent in musiral circles in Berkeley.
Mr. and Mrs. Rosenberg will leave
for Boston this morning, and because
the groom has many business Inter
ests there, (list city is to be the place
of their future home.
MUCH GOLD
TO BE WON
IN FUTURITY
Conditions of the Great Cali-
fornia Jockey Club Event
of 1902.
The Oakland Racing: Association yester
day issued the conditions for the great
California Jockey Club Futurity of 1902,
which will undoubtedly prove to be one of
the very richest stake affairs ever con
tested for in this country. Its broad con
ditions will appeal to the breeders of the
thoroughbred in every State In the Union,
and with an estimated value of 150,000 it
will make California the Mecca for all
horsemen ol that year. Eighty-seven
hundred and fifty dollars is added by the
California Jockey Club, the same amount
as added In the Eastern Futurity.
The conditions are herewith given:
By subscription of <10 each, money to accom
pany tlit- entry, for mares covered In 1599. and a
further BUbaciiptlon of $20 eiich for the produce
of such mares by July 15, IWJI, nr such produce
will be struck cut, and a further subscription oi
%?'■> January 1, 1908, or such produce will be
struck out. and a further subscription of $i oby
July 15, 1902, or such produce will be Btruek out.
All starters to pay $2:,ti additional, all of which
shall ko to the second and third bones, us
furth-r provided, '"ailfornla Jockey Club to
a. l-1 eight thousand Beven hundred and fifty
dollars. The second to receive JIOOO of the
added money and two-thirds of the Marting
money, the third J.'f" of the added money and
one-third of the starting money.
The breeders of the winner, of the second
horse and of the third horse, namely, the owner
of the mare at the time of entry, to receive
$2000, 51250 and $DuO of the added money, re-
Bpei lively, whether they be the inrn>r of the
bone when th» race takes place or n<a.
Colts, 118 pounds; fillies and Keldingn 115
pounds. Winners of $25(>0, three pounds; of two
races of $2.*>i:o or one of $4">nn. seven pound! ol
four of $2000, or two of $4500. or one ol ♦9-XiO
twelve pound! extra. The pi mares
or Stallions which have not produced a winner
prior to January 1, lfti», allowed three pounds
of both i mares and stallions), five pounds; not
necessary to claim the said allowance nl the
time of entry. Maidens allowed ten pounds
Mare* may be entered by persons not their
owners, the owner having the prior right If
a mare In this stake drop? h.r foal before the
Ist of January, or if she has a dead, or more
than one foa!. or Is barren, the entry of such
11. are is void, and the subscription will be re
turned. By illiiiK at any time with the Cali
fornia Jockey <"iuh an accepted transfer of the
produce, with Its eii^uKeinents in this stake,
accompanied with receipts for all former pay
ments, the orlplmd subscriber will be released
from any liability as to the engagements of
th»* produce. Should a subscriber or a trans
feree die before the race the entry shall not be
Void, provided It be assumed by th" then owner
of the horse, notice In writing to that effect
being given within three months arter iti li
demise.
To close January 2, 1900. with It. n. Milroy
Becretary,
To be run in the month of December, 1002 at
the <>nklan'l Racecourse, Emeryville, Califor
nia, out of the Futurity chute, about six and
one-half furlongs. Each an.l every part of this
purs.' to be paid in cash.
(There will be no forfeits.)
« ♦ .
— "The American Porter"- !: ; tbfl only perfect
American product of Its kind, li.'in^ made by
the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ats'n assures Its
excellence. __^_______^^^
DOGS WILL
COURSE FOR
BIG MONEY
The (erms of the Wednesday stake at
Union Park have been changed. All dogs
are eligible except those who have won
first and second places at any of the local
parks within four months, or dogs who
bare won first ln the Wednesday stake
during the same period. Fifty-six Heet
(iof:s are entered for to-morrow's stake.
The race between Motto and Morning
Glory will in all probability produce the
winner of the stake. Both dogs are ex
cellent performers, and the course be
tween them should be interesting. White
Diamond has been sent down from Stock
ton to participate in the running, but
great things are not expected from her.
Handy & Smith's entries are the first
and last dogs in the stake, an unusual oc
currence in coursing. The amount offered
for the Wednesday stake is %.m, a large
sum for midweek coursing. The winner
of the stake will take $HO, the runner-up
MO, the next two $22 50 each, next three
Jl."> each, next seven $8 each and the n c xt
fourteen jr. each.
John Halton, manager of the Union
Coursing Park, returned from the Texas
meeting a f''W days ago and brought back
j. H. Rosseter's Kmin Pasha, the winner
of the Waterloo stake, and Metallic. Mr
Halton ."aid the meeting at Dallas was
given by Irwin & Lyons at a personal ex
pense of $2000; that the people there are
not up to betting, but are being rapidly
educated to the game. Emm Pasha bears
the reputation of being the most popular
do* outside of Ixmdon. In winning the
stake he brought to his owner the sum of
$250. May Queen, Texas bred dogr, was
runner-up in the stake. Following is the
result of last night's drawing:
Midweek Stake, fifty-six entries — Handy &
Pmi'h'B Victor vs. J. McCormlek's (names)
Hare Brane; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs. Frank
Adams' (names) White Diamond; Tasha ktn
HURRYING AWAY
TO THE WAR IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Three Regiments to
Go at Once.
ASSIGNED TO TRANSPORTS
♦ — - —
THE FORTY-FIFTH LEAVE ON
THE HANCOCK.
All the Men Have Been Vaccinated
and Now the Inspector Is
Making His Final
Bounds.
♦
There will be no delay in getting the
three regiments now at the. Presidio away
for the Philippines. They have all been
assigned to transports, not by orders as
yet, but their vessels have been decided
upon, and the last of them will sail on
November 6 if nothing happens to change
the programme.
The Forty-fifth, under command of
Colonel John H. Dorst, will win the prize.
i It will be assigned to the transport Han
cock, admitted to be the finest troopship
now in the service. Colonel Dorst's regi
ment is for the time being one of ten
companies, for two of his companies have
been recruited at Vancouver Barracks
and they have been ordered to proceed to
i Manila with the Thirty-ninth Regiment,
to leave from Portland within a week or
ten days. The Hancock will Just take the
ten companies.
The Thirty-eighth will go on the City
of Sydney and the Pathan, both sched
uled to sail November 3. The Forty-sixth,
of ferry-boat fame, will go on the Sen
ator and the Ben More, the Senator to
sail on the 3d and the Ben More on the Ist.
The measles that developed in the Thir
ty-eighth Regiment has grown no worse,
and it is not thought the regiment will be
delayed any on account of It. The first
cases that developed were left behind at
Jefferson Barracks, and those which were
discovered just after the regiment reached
camp were sent at once to the general
hospital, and all who had been in contact
with the cases were isolated.
The Forty-sixth was inspected by the
department Inspector general. Lieutenant
Colonel Maus, yesterday. To-day he will
inspect the Forty-fifth and to-morrow he
will reach the Thirty-eighth. The inspec
tion was a general one, including the ap
pearance of the men, their equipment,
their quarters and the regimental, bat
talion and company papers. The men or
all three regiments have been vaccinated.
In Colonel Dorst of the Forty-fifth Reg
iment the Presidio sees an old friend, for
as a captain in the Fourth Cavalry he
was stationed there for a long time. He
holds now a commission in the regular
cavalry, but since the war he has served
with the volunteers, first as adjutant gen
eral of General Wheeler's cavalry in
Cuba afterward In a similar capacity on
the staffs of other generals, and now as
a colonel of a first-class regiment of in-
This morning the Forty-fourth Regi
ment will get in from Fort Leavenworth,
Kans. It is under command of Colone
, E. J. McClernand.
Captain E. E. Benjamin of the First In
fantry Is at the Presidio looking after
! property which the First left at the Pre
sidio when it left for Cuba in April, IS9S.
One battalion of the regiment has been
ordered to Fort Leavenworth, Kans.,
where the property sought by Captain
Benjamin will be shipped. The other two
battalions are stationed In the vicinity
of Havana. When the regiment left It
took only Its field equipment, and now
that it has returned to reasonably per
! manent quarters it is going to make It
self comfortable. „ .
Second Lieutenant Joseph C. Brady of
| the Fourth Infantry has been ordered to
I report for temporary duty with the re
cruits at the Presidio pending his assign
j ment to Manila.
ASKS FOR AID.
Work Wanted for More of the
Soldiers Who Fought in
the Islands.
The following appeal to th»» public on ;
behalf of the unemployed veterans of the j
Spanish and the Filipino war has been
ma'ie by those In charge of that branch
of the citizens' committee's work. The
appeal is Bigned by Rabbi Voorsanger.
TO EMPLOYERS.
The employment committee of the late First
ReKiment. California U. B. Volunteer*, ana
California Heavy Artillery, is compelled to
another appeal to the public and em
nloyera generally in behalf of the returned aol
diers \t the present moment more than two
hundred of them are applying for work through
ihia committee, and the chances of success are
only moderate. Besides these applicants almost
one hundred and llftv have been placed In use
ful and profitable positions. The committee is
confident that there Will be little trouble in
finding suitable employment tor ail applicants
if it could defend on the active co-operation of
employers. Many of the unemployed are skilled
artisans, many others are unskilled; all of
them keenly feel their position, and would most
thankfully take any employment so as to be
self-supporting and return to the ranks of self
respecting and respected citizenship. The com
mittee respectfully rt-aucFts an early response
to this appeal. For the committee.
JACOB VuOHSANGF.It. Chairman.
nels- Randi m Aln. vs. Aeneld kennels' Pre
tender I Jones' Oallvant vs. E<l Wilsons
(names') Magnesia; John Watktns' <namea>
Beauty vs. Curtis ft Son's Commodore; F.C.
Mack'a Delia M vs. N. B, Cavenaugh b The
Earl; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. J. Hurleys
Star "■' Cuba: Sterl & KnowUs 1 Frosty Morn
Vs. Berl \'- - Black Knight; W. Uowst's
va. Pasha kennels May
Hematead; F. A. McComb's Motto vs. J. J.
Edmonds* Morning Glory; E. N. kellogg r Lady
, ; in, ur vi J >lm ]\rrrlgan's Light Foot; J.
1,, iden's Scottish fhtef vs. Aeneld kennels"
\thpna; J. Collins 1 (names) Matchless vs. D. J.
Hea'.ya Maggie M; J. H. Perigo's Relle Seward
vs I Jones' Moonlight; J. H. Perigo's Lady
Davenport vs. J- H. Perfgo'a Pretty Girt: W.
L Trade's (names) Wancierlr.K Tom vs. W. H.
i.' r ,r, Revolver; Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair vs.
I Begßewon f s White Chief; R Doyle's Wild
Monarch vs. Curtis & Son's McKlnley; Pasha
kennels' Reann«i vs. Al Austin's Firm Foe; J.
H Smith" i Merced vs. F\ A. McComb's Miss
Skyrocket; Pacha kennel's Ready Answer vb D.
Sheehan's (namee) Forgive; B. Haumelster's
War i 'loud vs. W. < 'alms' (names) Imperial.
Aeneld kennels' Aeneas vs. fsus Abercromble's
Irma; George Lahuson's Fireball vs .1. Mur
nane'a Wlldwood; T. Snllrvan's Maid of the
Mill vs. J. H Perigo's Controller; J. McCor
inick's Prlraroae vs. J. F. Hulton's Tic Tao; F.
A McComb's Judge v7allace vs Pasha kennels'
Right Arm: .1. Fitzgerald's Inami's) Peaceful
Glen VS. Handy & Smith's Magic.
P. Boland, candidate for Public Admin
istrator; Democratic nominee. •
In the Divorce Court.
Hortense Boule has been granted a di
vorce from Henry Boule on the ground of
willful neglect. Albprt Matzor has se
cured a divorie from Nellie C. Matzer on
the ground of desertion. William West
was granted a divorce from Joise de Witt
West by Judge Daingerfield yesterday on
the ground of desertion. The defendant
is now with the "Hotel Tnpsy Turvy"
Company, and her husband said that she
deserted him for the reason that she ob
fected to his selection of a position in
another company. The defendant was
granted the custody of a minor child and
was permitted to resume her maiden
name Josie de Witt. Rose Ramond has
sued Joseph- Ramond for a divorce, alleg
ing failure to provide as cause for action.
Captain John T. Smith of the City of
Peking baa Bled a second suit for divorce
again*! his wife, Henrietta J. Smith, de- .
portion being alleged as the cau?e of ac- I
tion.
Chas. A. Low, candidate for Police Judge*
Granted Leave of Absence.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 30.—
Professor Melville B. Anderson, head of
the English department, has been gTanted
a leave of absence for the ensuing semes
ter, commencing: January 1. Professor
Arderson will devote his vacation to
travel through Europe. No one will be
appointed to fill his place during his ab
sence.
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE.
DONATELLO, THE FAMOUS SCULPTOR.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
THE WORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributors to this course: Dr. John C. Va'
ingham Jr., Arthur Hoober. Frank Fowler and
IIL DONATELLO.
Among the great masters of the Italian
renaissance the name of Donatello stands
out prominently, for the man's work was
so Individual, so essentially appealing and
artistic and so altogether delightful that
it attracts alike the artist and layman—
the former for its delicious technique and
masterly manipulation, as well as for its
originality; the latter because of Its hu
manity, its realism and its delicacy, of
fering not only the beauty of externals,
but having the inner suggestlveness that
furnishes food for speculation and analy
sis. One little bas-relief by Donatello has
a world-wide reputation and common
plaster of paris replicas of it may be
found In thousands of households where
even the sculptor's name is unknown; but
wherever it is it gives satisfaction and
furnishes possjbly unsuspectedly an ar
tistic gratification which few plastic rep
resentations afford. It is the little "Saint
Cecilia," the profile of a lovely woman,
with a sweet expression; but vith this
simple motive the artist has given a gen
uine masterpiece that has stood the test
of centuries and remains to-day one of
the gems of the world of art.
We speak of the man as Donatello, and
so he Is known to the world. In truth, his
name was Donato di Nlcolo di Betti Bardi,
and he was the son of a wool-comber In
Florence, Italy, where he was born In 1386.
Although the boy could not by hereuity
lay claim to any notions of art, his sub
sequent taste for it may be explained by
the fact that at an early age he was taken
into the house of the noble family of the
GROUP OF DANCING CHILDREN.
Martelli. who had always been patrons
and lovers of art. At any rate, brought
up amirt the artistic surroundings In the
establishment of this cultivated family.
it Is probable that he imbibed good taste
; and a love for the best things. As to his
i masters there is much doubt, and they
i are altogether a matter of speculation.
! He is said to have been a pupil of Bacd
di Lorenzo and to have studied with the
father of the famous Ghiberti. but of this
there is no proof. It is certain that ho
assisted the great Ghiberti in casting tne
i marvelous bronze gates for the Baptistry
[ in Florence and that he was an intimate
j of Filippo Brunellesco, who, though some
| ten years older that Donatello, found the
■ latter companionable.
It was to this man Brunellesco that Don
atello brought one of his first efforts, a
crucifix carved in wood, which did not
meet with approval, for the older man
remarked that the lad had crucified a eon
tadino—the Italian for countryman or
peasant— meaning that he had missed en
tirely the significance of the figure of
Christ. At this Donatello was enraged
and in a fit of boyish anger advised Bru
nellesco to go and do better. This Bru
nellesco was able to do and. having fin
ished a similar subject, he invited Dona
tello to come and see it. The boy stopped
on his way from market, his hands full
of supplies, and at a sight of the master
piece he was overcome with emotion, let
ting drop his eggs nnd choose. Looking
at the exquisite work he exclaimed: "To
thee it is given to sculpture a Christ; I
can only rrake peasants." However, with
I this man Donatello made a pilgrimage to
Rome and profited by his comradeship.
On his return to Florence, in 1405, he en
tered the crowded studio of Ghiberti, do
ing much independent work, and for seven
or eight years he devoted himself to mak-
I ing large statues, many of which nave
i achieved world-wide fame. He did his fa
mous "David" for the Duomo, or Cathe
dral of Santa Maria del Fiore, the author
ities of which gave him many commis
sions, which included a "Daniel," a
"Joshua" and an old man. He did like
wise a "St. John Evangelist" for the fa
cade, and he collaborated with Brunel
lesco on a statue of marble covered with
gilded lead. The guilds of Florence at
this time were great patrons of art. and
each strove to outdo the other in patri
otic gifts to the city, employing the first
artists in the work. The Guild of Armor
ers commissioned Donatello to make a
ers commissioned uonaieno u> inan.e a
statue for the Church of Or San Miehele.
His work was the famous "Saint George,"
and in this he succeeded to a remarkable
degree in combining nobility of form,
youth, simplicity, proportion and richni as
of decoration. The statue stands to-day as
the accepted type of the church militant.
There followed the well-known marble
"David." a delicate figure that is a mar
velous conception of power in apparent
I weakness.
Donatello did much work for the cathe
dral and the Campanile, and executed
many private commissions for various im
portant pat»ons, including a marble lion
for the staircase of the Pope's house in
Santa Maria Novella. After this he exe
cuted an important scries of tombs, be
ginning with that of Pope John XXI II, In
the Baptistry in Florence, a serious de
sign, partly in bronze and partly in mar
ble. In 1-128 he was employed by Cosimo
and Lorenzo de Medici to erect a sepul
chral monument for their father and
mother in the sacristy of San Lorenzo,
and Aragazzi, secretary to Pope Martin
V, ordered a tomb for himself, which is
said to have been a masterpiece , although
now it is dismembered and dispersed
about the church. He went to Rome for
the second time in 1433, and did very much
work there, including a statue of "St.
John the Baptist" for S. Giovanni in La
terano, a bust for the Church of S. Maria
1 Dyke, Dr. Russell Sturgis, Dr. A. L. Froth
others.
Maggiore and a tabernacle of the sacra
ment in S. Pietro.
On his return to Florence he began his
reliefs for the singing gallery over the
sacristy in the cathedral, and these are
among his most famous productions, as
well as among the most popular. Lucca
della Robbia had the commission for
similar work for the organ gallery. Each
is a gem in its way. In that by Donatello
there are singing men and women, groups
of laughing, dancing cherubs, beautifully
modeled and conceived. A famous work
is a bronze group of "Judith and Holo
fernes" in the L,oggia de Lanzi. Presently
the sculptor went to Padua, where ho did
a great deal of work, among other things
a crucifix, this time worth the while, and,
as may be imagined, a decided improve
ment on his youthful attempt. While still
in Padua he made a large equestrian
statue of the famous general of the
Venetian army, Erasmus Narnl, better
known as Gattamelata. This is said to
have been the first equestrian statue since
the time of the Romans. He also carved
many wooden statues, generally for
churches.
So the man worked on, achieving suc
cess after success, leaving in almost
everything he touched the mark of his
great genius, but all through his career
neither adulation nor success had the
slightest effect on his character. To the
end of his long life of eighty years he re
mained simple, natural and unaffected. It
is said that he was not only loved by all
who knew him, but that he never lost a
friend. The great Cosimo de Medici was
not only his patron, he was his warm
BY DONATELLO.
friend, but, though he enjoyed an inti
macy with the sculptor, he never suc
ceeded in making him a fashionable after
the manner of the set with which the rich
man mingled. Once, thinking that Dona
tello did not dress as handsomely as he
ought. Cosimo sent him as a present a
rich scarlet cloak, a cap and a doublet.
Donatello wore this finery but once, and
then he returned the gorgeous raiment,
Baying that it made him very uncomfort
able.
On the death of Cosimo he recommended
the sculptor to the keeping of his son,
who gave the great artist a country
house at Caffagiuolo. For a while Dona
tello was delighted at being a landed
proprietor, but in the end, after a year's
ownership, he begged to be relieved of the
burden and responsibility of the property.
Pietro de Medici made him happy by giv
ing him a settled pension, and from that
time he lived simply in a modest house
with his mother and widowed sister, for
he never married. He was a bohemlan
in the best sense of the word, enjoying
the companionship of his brother artists
and the mild joys of his home life.
On December 13, 144fi, after having been
a long time paralysed, ho died in his own
house, and was buried in San Lorenzo,
where Cosimo already had prepared for
him a sepulcher. Donatello had many
pupils, some of whom occupied important
positions in the history of Italian sculp
ture. Among them may be mentioned
Bertoldo <li Giovanni, Nanni di Antonio
di Banco, Vallano da Padua. Desiderio da
Settignano and Miehelozzo Miehelozzi.
Some of these imitated the master to a
surprising degree, but none of them
reached his excellence. There is an in
effable charm about all the work of Don
atello that is difficult to describe, but
which Is instantly realized, and by the
power of his Individuality, the exquisite
delicacy of his technique and the spirit
uality of hi< Idealizations, he must b^
counted among the very foremost of the
sculptors of all times. Scarcely a painter
or a sculptor since his day has been un
influenced at some time or other by his
work, for there are those qualities of sin
cerity, delicacy or simplicity that have
attracted the artistic miml and held it
with absorbing interest. Above all, there
is the wonderful quality of distinction in
everything that Donatello did.
New York City.
COUBSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1899-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare.
Tuesdays: The World's Great Ar
tists.
Wednesdays: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
Fridays: Great American States
men.
Saturdays: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900. Examinations
will be held at their close as a basis
for the granting of certificates.
Arrested for Burglary.
George Burke, a young man who claims
to bo a farmer, was arrested last night
by Detectives Dillon and Ryan and
charged at the City Prison with burglary.
It is alleged that Burke entered the stable
of Pajson & Co.. 2887 Twenty-first street,
and stole a set of harness.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No change in Exchange and Silver.
Wheat dull and lower again. Barley quiet.
- firm. Com and Rye as previously quoU
Another advance in If ay. No change in Feedstuff s.
Beans quiet but firm at previous prices.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter lower again a Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Five cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
i larger receipts.
vnges coming in from various points.
Lemons quiet and rather lower. Limes unchang ;
i'he last ray d to finish (i rapes.
-.1 Fruits reported in good demand and firm.
Nothing new in Provisions.
undisturbed.
Some kinds of Coal higher.
Charters.
Th« Cambrian Pr'.nceps lends salmon at Vic
toria for Liverpool, J«; Two Brothers, coal
and coke at Comox fcr Santa Rosalia.
Weather Report.
<\i; Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Oct. SO. 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same data
last season:
Past This Last
Stations 14 haurs. Season. Season.
J-urcka 0.12 5.55 3.59
Red ■iff 0.42 3.04 0.59
Facramento ;.. 0.76 4.44 0.90
San Francisco 0.20 3. 52 I.S.
Fresno 0-25 2.08 1.16
Independence O.CO 0.3. 0.31
Pan Luis Obtspo °-< s <- 92 °- : ' 9
Los Angeles 0.09 1.67 0.13
Pan Dlepo Trace 0.42 0.0.
Turns <UiO 0-OS 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum. .*": mean. 66.
VEATHKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
The pressure has rls-en steadily on the Pacific
Coast, rxcept in the far north. There has been
a rise of more than two-tenths of an Inch over
Northern California.
The temperature has fallen over I tah, NB
-vn.la and Eastern California. It Is beginning
to rise along: the coast of California.
Rain has fallm generally over California,
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles per
hour from the southeast Is reported at Fort
Canby and thirty miles per hour from the
northwest at Yuma.
Forecast made at ?an Francisco for thirty
hours. enJine midnight. October 31. 1899:
For Northern California— Fair Tuesday:
warmer in the interior: fresh jvestarly wind?.
For Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
westerly winds.
For Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, with shower*
In the forenoon: warmer.
For Utah— Showers Tuesday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday; probably light
showers. _
For Sin Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tues-
Oav southerly, changing to lipht westerly
wind " ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
A . ■ -O
EASTERN MARKETS.
ck Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. S«.— Prices of stocks moved
Uprvard In the early dealing* to-day according
to the general anticipation, but contrary to
expectations a serious obstacle to the advance
svas met In the violent rise In the rate of call
money. The advance did not extend far Into
the second hour when the market began to
drift downward and met. no effectual check
until the clesi?, which was at about the low
point a:-.d with prices etill giving way to pres- I
sure. No serious net losses are shown In the
railroad list, but the earlier gains, which
amounted to a t<unt and upward in many
ca_«tr«, were pretty generally wiped out. The
jnarket opened with a strong and animated
t^r.e and a large volume of outside buying
friers, invited by the unexpected strength or I
th? Saturday tank statement. Tlie demand was
particularly large £or the grangers and South
westerns and for some ol the Southern raJl
r.^ad stocks, notably Louisville, which was up
I'm at one time. This s.v«_-k resisted the later
depression with sr.ir.* turoess. l.ut closed 7 »
b»:ow the best. Even the much-hammered
Industrials had some share In the early
strength. Sugar rose an extreme 2 points be
fore yielding to pressure and the Iron and
steel stocks had a short-lived period of vigor.
Pressure promptly developed against Steel and
Wire uii'i it was weak for the rest of the day,
affecting other members of the group by sym
pathy. Federal Steel was exceptionally firm.
The Leather stocks continued to be largely
i. but the gain in the preferred was
entirely lost before the close. The International
japr «toyks were fiercely attacked, the com
mon being forced down 3-» and the preferred
4 points. ihe latter recovered 3 points of
Its loss. Rumors coming from Holland of the
fall of I*adysmith were without much effect,
as London seemed disposed to discredit them.
The September statement of St. Paul had a
discouraging effect on speculators, showing as
Jt did the large increase In gross earnings
obliterated by the heavy increase in operating
expenses, so that the net earnings for the
month are already over (260,000 less than In
September of last year. The effect was es
pecially marked upon all the grain-carrying
roa.ls. The day's events in the call money
market showed th:it the extent of the recu
peratlon by New York banks was grossly ex
aggerated in the first enthusiasm over the
Saturday statement. The rate opened at S
per cent, and alter dropping to Tjj per cent
rose violently in the late dealings to 20 per
cent. Bids were made for 40 per cent, but the
closing transaction was at 10 |>er cent. It was
a Btrlklng demonstration of the unfit condition
of the morey market to maintain an active
speculation. New York exchange fen sharply
at some Southern and Western points to-day
although it was harder at Chicago and at
Jicston. It Is evident that the demands of the
Interior are not yet exhausted. The sub
treasury has absorbed a considerable sum from
the banks since Friday and some extra demand
Is coming on the market for November 1 set
tlement. Wai! street opinion upon the money
cutlook fell quickly from extreme optimism
down into the minus tigures of pessimism.
Bonds moved in sympathy with stocks, but
the early gains were not entirely wiped out
In the late reaction. Total sales, par value,
#3, l4c<,(^'.
United States 5s (registered) advanced «J and
ts (coupon) and 3s H m the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Efcaxes CTostre
Sold. Stock.*- B'd
5.150 Auhison fjju
ET.IT.S Atchlecn prefd fsi*
4.4C.Q Baltimore & Ohio .'...'. 531*
» Canadian Pacific " $5
515 Canada Southern ' 53
4. ."33 Chesapeake & Ohio .[[ f73j
1,100 Chicauo Great Western ....'"."■ "" i«s
-14.6:>5 Chicago Burlington A Qulncy.. "i 23* 4
Chicago Ind & Louisville....' '. n>»
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 43
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois """ 35
100 Chicago & Northwestern 17,-v
S 376 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific ll^i
2.6J0 C C C .t St Louis ". S3U
412 Colorado Southern " '..'..'.'. 5
710 Colorado Southern Ist prefd. ..*','."." 4iu
C Colorado Southern M prefd ...'. 15
2.170 Delaware & Hudson !!!.12^u
:,?•>) lielaware Lack & Western " I?'\
1.040 Denver & Rio Grande ' it:*
LWJ Penver & Rio Grande prefd.... " ttv
S« Krie [I I3 >
70? Erie Ist prefd j. s "
l.O) Great Northern prefd 173
200 Hocklnjf Coal IS
Hocking Valley 33
1.640 Illinois Central HSU
£M lowa Central ..14
CCO lon-a Central prefd 591'
300 Kansas City rsttsfcurs: I Gulf 8
113 Lake Eri* A- Western 19
525 Lake Erie & Western prefd $->t4
Lake Shore US
W. 755 Louisville A Nashville "V
2S.ES9 Var.hattan L Uo»j
1.000 Metropolitan Street Railway y.i
1.4C0 Mexican Central 13*4
?:-) Mirr.eapolis A St L.>u!s 72
150 Minneapolis «i St Lcuis prefd ?:,
ro.:*4 Mlesouri Pacific 45*4
3(X» Mobl!e & Ohio 47>-i
T>) Missouri Kansas & Texas 1:4
t.IJ-) Missouri Kar.ras * Texas prefd 39
2.400 New Jersey Central 124
4.K0 New York Central.. 137»i
S.^JO Norfolk & Western I7»i
2.76S Ncrfolk & Wa*tern prefd 71H
10. 7t0 Northern Pacific SS^i
JOO Northern Pacirtc prefd 76V»
t,Zy) Ontario A Western 25
• Orefcn KAiliray 4 Nay i 3
: Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76 i
8,470 Pennsylvania IS3H •
8,151 Reading 214 i
26.6*0 Reading Ist prefd tV&
4,f00 Reading 2d prefd 32 3 4
Rio Grande Western 35 !
Rio Grande Western prefd $l\
6 CO St Louis & San Fran 10 ii
50) St Louis A San Fran Ist pr-M 70
1.070 Ft Louis & Ban Fran Id profd 36 T £
600 St Louis Southwestern 13
♦,050 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31* i
22.4T0 Bt Paul , i::s
3'fl 61 Paul prefd 173
Bt Paul A Omaha 122 :
I "0.935 Southern Railway 13% '■
2«.660 Southern Pacific 3S*»
22,630 Southern Railway prefd 56 7 »
4,220 Texas & Pacific V.'\
21.175 Union Pacific 47H j
6,450 Union Pacific prefd 774 |
500 Wabash 7»i i
S.SIO Wabash prefd 224 !
1,400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11*4
4.500 Wheeling- & Lake Erie Id prefd , 304
220 Wisconsin Centra] 17%
Express Companies —
Adams 114
American 149 ;
■ United States 52
1 Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
1.333 American Cotton Oil 45
American Cotton Oil prefd 95H ■
2.00 ft American Malting IST* I
626 American Malting prefd 62 j
1.535 American Smelting ! Refining 35 |
1.166 Am Smelt : & Refining prefd.. So 1; !
American Spirits 4 j
American Spirits prefd 17
100 American Steel Hoop 42 !
400 American Steel Hoop -.>fd S2 i
22.360 American Steel & Wire 4«4 j
620 American Steel & Wire prefd 934 !
2.4G0 American Tin ate 32%
American Tin Plate prefd SI
4,650 American Tobacco 122
American Tobacco refd 144
'1,400 Anaconda Mining Co 43* i I
80.750 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ih\ j
2.P50 Colorado Fuel & Iron 554
3. SCO Continental Tobacco 42** ;
3.490 Continental Tobacco prefd 92» t I
17.110 Federal Steel 54* t
1.450 Fo.leral Steel prefd 784
1,300 General Electric 121 I
1.606 Glucose Sugar 51% !
176 Glucose Sugar prefd 9? j
4,650 International Paper 26Vi I
5.090 International Paper prefd 70
1.450 I^acle.ie Gas 7- I
100 National Biscuit 40^
National Biscuit prefd 95\
200 National Lead 254
National Lead prefd 10*4
2.100 National Steel 47 ; »
323 National Steel prefd 93U I
New York Air Brake 13* !
I,oo*l North American 12%
2.400 Pacific Coast 51--. i
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S*
1.200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 674 !
1.045 Pacific Mall 3->V» i
8.070 People's Gas 1144
300 Pressed Steel Car 574 '
3'^ Pressed Steel Par prefd ?»4 I
520 Pullman Palace Car 196 j
750 Standard Rope & Twine 94 !
70.607 Sugar 1524 |
Sugar prefd 11~4 j
2.400 Tennessee Coal ft Iron 117VJ i
50.755 United States Leather 274
16.550 United States Leather prefd S2>4 i
2.442 United States Rubber 454 j
114 United States Rubber prefd 112
1.060 Western Union S9
2,450 Republic Iron & Steel 244'
1,051 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 7ft j
PCC &St Louis 75 !
651,003 total sale?.
CLOSING BONDS.
C S Is reg 1004 M X & T M 6?4 i
U - 3s reg 107* M X & T«- P3 j
I' S Ss coup 10874 N V Cent Ists 112
r s new 4? reg...129 NIC gen 5s 113U '
r S new 4s c0up. .130 ! North Car 6s 127
U S old 4s rep. ...111 1 ? North Car t0.... 104
U S old 4s c0up.... 112 VN* Pacific lets. US
U S 5s reg 1104 N Pacific Ss 65%
U S 5s coup 11l 1; N Pacific k 1124:
Dtst of Col 3.635. .117 N V C & s L 4- .105
Alabama class A. .110 N & W eon 4* . . 92* i
Alabama class 8..110 N & W gen 6s. 135 I
Alabama class C..103 Or Nay lsts 115 I
Ala Currency ....100 Or Nay 4s 1034 j
Atchis^n gen 45... •■ Or B L6s 128 ;
Atchlson aJj 45.... S7H Or S L con 55... .1134 i
Canada So 2ds 10S Reading Gen 45... S7H :
Ches & Ohio 445.. 95Vi:R G W lsts .97 j
Ches & Ohio 5a.r~.U9 BL ft I M con Bs.HOVI
C & NW cons 75.. 145 8 L & S F Gen 65. 124*
C & NWS:' BS-lOS^ISt Paul c0n015....K0
Chicago Term 45.. S7 SPC & P 15t*. ...121 :
D & R Q 15t5. ...106 B P C & V 55....120
D & R G 4s 9«i So Railway 55....10*»;
E TennV&G 15t5.103% Stan R & T 6?.... 84%
Erie Gen 4s 714,Tenn new set 35.. 94
F W & D C Ists.. 79 {Texas & P 15t5. ..114
General Elec 8e.. .115 (Texas & P 2ds 55
G H & S A 63. ..110 Union Pac 4s 1044 j
■ O H & S A 2d5....1054 Wabash lsts 11S4 '
Hft T C os 11l Wabash ids .... l*>v.;
Hft T C HI IS.. 110 West Shore Is 1134 i
lowa Central 15t5.1144 Wls Cent lst.« It !
X C P ft G lsts.. 7*ll Va Centuries SSV»
La new eon 4s 106 iVa Deferred " I
L& N un! 4s 100 Cole Southern 45.. 85 |
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 2? Ontario g <v>
Crown Point . 10 Ophir 70
I Ton Cal & Va 1 S3 Plymouth 10
; Deadwood 78 ! Quicksilver 150!
! jould & Curry ... : ; Do preferred SGO j
i Hale & Norcross... IS Sierra Nevada II ,
, Homestake 65 00: standard 2 73 |
; Iron Silver 53 Union Con Srt j
■ Mexican  10 .Yellow -Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. j
I Money— :West End 53
; CaM loans sftS Do prefd 115
' Time loans syc Westinghs EJee 48
I Stocks — Dominion Coal 44
' itch T 4 St Fe... 22«4| Do prefd 117
Do prefd •'• 4 ! Bonds—
i American Sugar. ..ls3 lAtchlson 4s 93
! Do prefd U74i Mining Shares—
! Bell Telephone 870 [Adventure «
j Boston ft Albany. .2s9 !Allouez Mln Co '44
. Boston Elevated... 107V4 Atlantic ;i4 j
' Boston & Maine 202 j Boston & Mont 320 ■
i Chi B & Q IS3?;; Calumet ft Be la "■
jEd E'.ec Hi ?7S ICentennlal 25
! Htchburg prefd. ...l&) 'Franklin 1514
i General Electric... l2l4 Humboldt. 14'
I Do prefd 139 Osceola 514 :
1 Federal Steel 54% Parrot 45
I Do prefd 7- : , Qulncy 153
Mexican Central... 13VSt r> Copper 44 !
! Old Colony ICS Tamarack 212
[Old Dominion 29 IWlnona 64 :
i Rubber 4S'i (Wolverines 41 j
Union Pacific Utah 35
Union Land 3V
New York Money Market.
\ NEW YORK. Oct. SO.— Money on call. firm. at
I SUM per cent; last loan, 20 per cent; Prime j
! Mercantile Paper. s@i4 per c»nt: Sterling Ex
i charge, easier, with actual business In bankers'
! bills at » S6SS4 S6\ for ■-!•— and at J4 SS'i
I for sty days; Posted Rates, 14 545?4 $44 and!
!J4 J5?4 SS4: Commercial Bills. $4 524; Silver
1 Certificates. ■.:' : c; Bar Silver. SSc; Mexicat-
Dollars. 47>4c. Government Bonds, stnint,'; j
j State Bends. Inactive; Railroad Bonds, &rm.
London Market.
I NEW YORK. Oct. 20.— Commercial Ad
i vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
i The markets hers were cheerful In tone, closing
; at the top on the reports of the fighting at
i Ladysmlth. Consols held firm.
i The American department -was conspicuous.
j being quite active and prices advancing rap
: idly on almost any bid. There was some pub
i lie buying. Berlin was a free purchaser. The
j end of the si— lon saw prices at the be6t of
the day. The chief incentive was the belief
i that the money, corner had been turned. Fa
-1 vorites were Louisville and Nashville, Atch.
I lson preferred and Southern preferred
, Spanish 4's reached 61-4. Tlntcs were 47*. an.l
i Anacondas »V • .
The Bar.k of England bought £20. gold in
German coin, £6000 In bars and £20,000 was ,
taken for an unmentloned destination. There
■was some Continental and Indian demand but
not supplied.
j Money was easy and lon* bill* wert freely]
THE SAX FEAyCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
offered, rendering them weaklsh in ton*. Bar
silver. 26 11-16 d per ounce.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 98%; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 80; Northern Pacific preferred, 7S^i;
Atchlson, 23H; Grand Trunk, 7%; Anaconda,
9%.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
SO,O>"H) barrels; exports, 20.200; sales, $W0 pack
ages. Ruled about quiet and steady at former
prices, closing a shade lower for the higher
grades.
WHEAT— Receipts, 167.725 bushels: exports,
ir.5.677: sales. 1,855.000 futures, 240,000 spot. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 75$»C f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 7S?4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red - V elevator. Options opened dull at Ho
decline under local selling in the absence of
outside support and further declined 6-16 c fol
lowing bearish advices from Argentine. Later
the market rallied partially on the visible sup
ply Increase being: less than expected. Tns
market closed steady at He net decline. May,
7S@7S\c, closed "SHe; December, 78% c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quirt.
METALS— The local market continue*, to
Shi pronounced weakness and apathy. Tin
and spelter were lower at the close, partially
in sympathy with a decline abroad and par
tially on account of freer offerings, with buy
ers scarce. At the close the Metal Exchange
PlGTßON— 'Warrants very dull at Sl7@lS.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $17 £0.
TlN— Easy at $31 nominal.
LEAD— Quiet, {4 574 bid and $4 624 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for cop
per $17 60.
SPELTER— Weak, with sellers at $5 10.
COFFEE— Options closed firm at I<V<T2O points
higher Sales. 19.CM0 bags, including: Novem
ber <. 95; December. $5 15??5 20: January. $5 15
©5 »>; March, $"• 35; May, $5 4025 50; June,
$5 50;" July. $5 55; August. $5 60: September,
tZ 60 Spot coffee— Rio. firmer: No. 7 invoice,
64c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, firmer; Cor
dova, 6%©11% c . ,„ 
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining. I 10-160
bid; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c bid; molasses.
3 9-16 C bid.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6981 packages. Strong;
Western creamery, 17'524c; June do, liC-oc;
factory, 144^164c. __•':■ •
T:( 3OS_Keceipts, 8394 packages. Dull. West
ern. 14?lSc.
Dried Fruit in New York.
California dried fruit firm.
. ■ TEJ ' APPLES
■■•.-. 'ancy.
•
PRUNES
■■ •■ ITS Royal, 1J M ' '
PEACHES— PeeIed, 2 ftic; unreeled. 7
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 30.— Wheat opened In a tame
and spiritless manner and throughout the ses-
Elon almost an entire lack of interest was evi
dent. There was nothing in the situation to
encourage either buying or selling and prices
slowly but steadily depreciated owing mainly
to lack of sympathetic support. The market
kept just a shade above put figure, until the
end of the session, the range being only He.
when covering : -.• a few shorts started a
slight rally and the market closed barely :
steady. December opened a shade lower at ;
69"i^70c. sold sparingly at 70c. declined to
6&HC and closed with buyers at 6STi£7oc. Chi
cago received -74 cars.
The visible supply Increased 1,006.000
bushels, which though nearly 1,000,000 bushels
less than expected, was enough to exort a |
slight bearish influence. World's shipments to
Europe during the week were 7,864, 000 bushels,
against 8,475,000 bushels the same week last
year, but still about 600.000 bushels In excess
of European weekly requirements. Atlantic
port clearances of wheat and flour equaled
ien.ooo bushels. Cash demand here was very ;
. slow.
Corn was active but rather steady. A poor
cash demand coupled with heavy receipts and
predictions of an Increased movement In the
near future owing to perfect weather encour
aged liquidation. under which the market
gradually yielded until near the close when a |
partial recovery took place on covering. De- i
comber closed at 31 He.
A good shipping demand and buying by ele- ]
vator Interests steadied Oats. Speculative I
trading was light throughout the session. De- I
cember closed 22T»c.
Ft-ar of a shortage In January Pork and
generous buying by packers strengthened Pro
visions early, but on the bulge liquidation be
came heavy and the gain was nearly all lost.
January Pork closed 5c higher; Lard and Ribs !
unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. !
Wheat No. 2— !
October Cs4 654 RS4 654
December 70 70 CC'-'i 70
May 734 73*4 73»; 73"~4
Corn No. 2—
.October 31 31U !OTi 314
December ::', :• . 31 1 , t\%
May r.-, si T , 32"i 32";
Oats No. 2—
December 22 T j 22 T % 2-\ 22%
May 24*4 24*4 244 24*
Mess P- rk, p-?r barrel-
December 8•■ IZP& 815 $174
January 970 .- 524 9 674 970
Lard, cer 100 pounds
December » 25 5 25 5 20 5 224
January 5 424 5 424 6 374 5 40*
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
December 490 4?n 4-" . 4 $74
January 500 5 024 4 574 500
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet anil easy; No. 2 spring wheat, 6?fi72c;
Nf>. 3 spring wheat, 14fi7Oc: No. 2 red," 70t?71c;
No. - com, 32c; No. 2 oats. 23c; No. 2 white,
25'-'326c: No. 3 white, 2.*'?!254c; No. 2 rye. 344 c;
No. "2 barley. 3S"24<">c: No. 1 fiaxseed. $1274;
prime timothy seed. J2 20U2 SO: mess pork, per
barrel, $7 6.". Ji S 13; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 124
@5 23: short ribs sides (loose), $4 73'?3 15; dry
Baited shoulders boxe*), $5 Tii'QH 574: short
clear sides (boxed), $3 S."^s 45; sugars, cut
loaf, 5.70 c: granulated. s.lSc.
■ Articles— Receipt*. Shipments.
! Flour, barrels 23.000 15.000
; 'Wheat, bushels 112.0ft0 10,0<X)
i Corn, bushels 4.V1.0C0 357.0f0
i tats bushels 366.000 3SS.C-)
i Rye. bushels 13.W0 23.000
Barley. bushels HO.iX'O 115.0W
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak: c&eaxnery 13^i2Cc; dairy. 14
CjlSc. E«c?. strong; fresh, 17c. Cheese, steady;
I creams. U*4oQ%e.
4 »
Foreign Futures.
* ■ «> j
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— Deo. Mar. May.
Opening 5 mi 6 Vi 6 »i
Closing 5 11 * '* «4
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening IS 05 13 So
Closing IS 10 IS 60
j Flour—
! Opening 24 50 23 20
I Closing 24 35 23 00
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO. Oct. 30.— Porter Brcs. Co.'a sales ;
of California Fruit to-<lay: Grapes— Tokays, i
S3cgsl So halt crate and JI 4JS3 double crate;;
Corr.lchons. $1303150 half crate, $3 20 double;
assorted; $1 <o half crate.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3).— Porter Bros. Co.'s
pales of California Fruit: Grapes — Verdell»s.
Sr*c*isl S." hnlf crate: Tokays, $1 11*j; 50; . Mus
cats. Jlffl 30: Cornichons. $1 EC Plums— Coe"e
Lats Red. 70c half crate. Peart 4 .'inter Mellis,
5162 20 box: Easter Bourre, S; _; Glout M-jr
ceau. JIIOBI 50; P. Barry, 85c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. 30.— The supply of cattle to
day -was unequal to the requirements of the
trade, and prices for good lots were stronger
to a trifle higher. Good to fancy grades sold
at $5 5&56 75; common to medium, J4 ZoQS 45;
stackers and feeders, 5. "O^l 75; cows, heifers
and bulls. J2ffs 35; Texas. S3 50©4 75; calves.
j:«5 55. ■
HOGS— There was a vigorous demand for
hops and the market ruled strong to a shads
higher. Fair to prime lots brought $4 UViJJ
4 42* i; heavy packers, !3 90® i M; mixed, $4 15%
4 SJH: butchers. $4 l. r .^4 40; lightweights. 14 10«
4 35: pie*. $: t-o<3* 23,
SHEEP— Buyers. of sheep and lambs took
hold so freely that the supply was soon ex
hausted and prices advanced from I5|JJ3e
Western range sheep sold at 13 GOg 4 60: natives.
j;§4 75. and a few fancy lots were disposed of
privately at bid prices. Range lambs brought
$4 So®s 55; natives, $4-1?5 50, and prime flocks,
$5 75.
Receipts— Cattle, 17,500; hoes, S5.000; sheep, ,
i«.ooo. -. • _\' . ~ ... ,
Visible Grain Supply.
KEW YORK, Oct. 30.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, October 2S, as compiled by the New
York Produce Kxchange, is as follows:
Wheat— 49,662,000 l.ushels: Increase, 1,007.000
bushels. Corn— l3.7lG WdlHishris: decrease, 35?,,
--000 bushels. 0at5— 6,913,000 bush<?ls; Increase,
171.000 bushels. Rye — 1,033, WO bushels; increase,
2u,i;00 bu>lu-ls. 8ar1ey— 2,876,000 bushels; in
crease. 366,000 bushele.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 30— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shews: Avail
able cash balance, 5253.754.754; gold reserve,
t2sa,sa,sM.
Foreign Markets.
LOXnON, Oct. 80.— Consols, 104H: silver,
26 11-16 d; wheat cargoes off coast, nothing do
ing: cargoes of passag-e. nominal, unchanged:
English country markets, quiet; Import into
United Kingdom, wheat. 102,000: import Into
United Kingdom, fl.ur. 2'i 0 .""- 1 : wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom. 1.930,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent. 1.370.00*1.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. SO.— Wheat, dull; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour ;:i Paris, weak; French
country markets, dull
COTTON— Uplands, 4 i-Md.
r 1 ..' ISINO.
CORN— Futures — Steady; November, Ss 6 r id;
December, Ss 7%d; January, Ss 7d.
WHEAT— Spot dull. Futures— Quiet; Decem
ber, 5s lid; lurch. Is !4d; May, Gs
Portland's- Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Oct. 30. -Clearings, $420,
--113; balances. $47,676.
Northern H 'heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 3'". — There was a dull
Wheat market to-day. Receipts continue heavy.
Walla Walla was quoted at I
caring to ventui- on the bitter quotation; Val
ley, nominally ■ 7c, with no special demand.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. SO.— Wheat— Club, Bo^o; Blue
Btem, 57Hc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 SI
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Cables — **9
New York Exchange, sight — 12
New York Exchange, graphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 4S 4SH
Fine Silver, per ounce — ■**
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— market continues In the dumps,
being dull, with a further decline In spot grain.
Chicago declined, With small transactions.
The demand was slack and chiefly to fill shorts.
There was some liquidation, and the Southwest
sold moderately, while the Northwest farmers
were free sellers. The visible supply Increased
1,000,000 bushels. Vut the amount on passage
decreased 80.0C0 bushels.
Sput Wheat— Shipping, $1054J106U; milling.
$1 1C5T1 12y..
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
12.000 ctls. $1 OSV-. May— 22.ooo, $1 154.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 154.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls,
$1 154. December— 2ooo. $1 OtN,.
Afternoon Session— May— SjOO ctls, $1 1514- De- :
ci-mbei — 6000, $1 rS"».
BARLEY— Dullness still characterizes the |
mark- I and quotations show no change. There
Is nothing <!<->ing on all.
Feed, SC>'3S74c: Brewing and shipping grades, !
90tiS74c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— '.<: 15 o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. :
Afternoon SessU-n— No sales.
OATS— There was a fair demand, at firm and |
unchanged quotations. White. $1 1/Vff I 30; Red.
$107481174; Gray, i1 07%@l 17ft; Black. 97U C @
$1 10.'
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 Gotfl 074;
White, $105^1074: mired. $1 02§l 05 per ctl.
RYE- 95ci&$1 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Mtlls'tuffs.
California family extras, $3 60^3 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40S'3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40-53 50 per barrel for
extra, J3 2iti3 40 for bakers, and $2 23^3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Pr.ces In sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7" ; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Cornmeal. $2 50; ex- !
tra Cream Corn Meal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25:
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 2;.ri3 50; Buck- i
wheat Flour. $4'<j4 25: Crack»-J Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $G 05^6 45: In sacks, 55 Ss@6 25;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, «4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
— —— — — •
Hax and Feedstuff s.
The scarcity of dry Hay is beginning to be
seriously felt, and the expected advance has
occurred. Damaged Hay continues to sell at
a pronounced discount.
Feedstuffs Eland as previously quoted.
BRAN— SI 7:• ■: •< per ton.
MIDDLING S— - 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed l-'nrley. $1S 50@19 per
ton: OH Cake Meal a: the mill. J26Q27; Jobbing,
$27 &n / fis2S: Cocoanut Cake. $20^21: Cornmeal.
$23 TO-&24 50; Cracked Corn, $24625; Mixed Feed.
$16 "n«n7: Cotton??^! Meal. in per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $S'a9 ."0 for common to good
and $105*10 50 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50
<gl0; Oot. S7S9: Barley. $3Q7: Island Barley.
$.->fl6; Alfalfa. $:g:7 per ton; Compressed, $7 s<>@
9 &6 per ton.
S'l RAW— 3o@4oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations for B^ans have b<^n station
ary for several days, though dealers Ftill
report t he reeling firm. Any further advance
depends wholly on the demand from now on.
BEANS— Bayos, {2509260; small White, $2 So
©2 '<5; large White, fl .10' 3 2 k>; Pinks. $2 Ao'if
$2 43; Reds, $3 3OiJ3 75; Blackeye, $4 30; But
ters. $3; Lima. J4 Wql: Pea, $2 70-S3; Red
Kidneys. $2 60^2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. 3@'34c: Yellow
Mustard, 4@4Uc: Flax, nominal: Canary,
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2Hg3c: Hemp, 4544 c;
Timothy. 4tf44c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. " So^l 30; Green. $1 75
-ffl S5 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and J'egetables.
Everything under this head
same, supplies being up to the average for this
POTj ' '-■ ' "?C:,c: Btnrbanks 40
. ?g lina - < ' Burba nks, &01 S5; I
Rurbanks. 7' tv^es, 75c for I'.-.v
ers and :
ONIONS— 6T.fi7Sc FT ctl.
VEGETABLES —Green Peas, 4c per lb;
String Beans, 24'&5c; Lima Beans, S'iTSc;
Cabbage. 50c; Tomatoes, lOftSJc; Egg Plant,
3&GSOe; Dried Okra. 124 c per lb: Garlic, 2'?;2c;
Green Peppers. 3Mi 7sc per box: Carrots, 20f?40c
per sack: Cucumbers, sO'!f63c; Marrowfat
Squash, $$310 per ton; Mushrooms, — 48 — per
!b.
Poultry and Game.
~" v » tceek started !n with fire car* of Eastern.
w!;h more to come. PaJ<?s were made at $">t?
mi Re Bters, %i I
en and J2 (
Arrivals of Game were the heaviest thus far
this season, being 90 sacks for the morning
alone. Quotations were lower for most descrip
tions.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13514 c for Gob
bler? and 135T14C for Hens: Young Turkeys, lo l^
16c: Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 76; Goslings, $1 5v9
175; Ducks. $4fif4 50 for old and $4 5C«??6 for
young: Hens, !• r Youn? Roosters. $3 2553 50;
Old Roosters. $4'«4 50: Fryers. 43^3 23; Broilers
J3s3 25 for large, $333 25 for small: Pigeons,
SI 25 per dozen for old and $1 30J?l 75 for
Scuabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 75©2; Mallard. $5^7: Can
vasback. JSSI9; Sprig. $2 . r XVS3; Teal. $2 iC<53:
Widceon. $2??2 c 0: Small Duck. $2; Doves. 75c
per dozen: Hare. $150: Rabbits. $1 751?2: Gray
Geese. $3«4; Whlt». $1 50: Krant. $1 50«2 X:
English Snipe. 5; 59 per dozen; Jack Snipe.
$1 25<61 50. - ,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another decline In Butter Is noted and the
market is still tending downward. Eggs are
easy, but no lower. Cheese shows no change.
BUTTER—
! Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 2Sg2Jc; seconds,
274 c.
Dairy— Fancy. 23@26; good to choice. 24c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. Kg24c: firkin. 21®22Hc; cream
i cry tub. 2245124 c.
Eastern— l7QlSc fcr ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin: Oregon ladle. I7fllte per Ib.
! CHEESE— Choice mild new. 114 c: old. 1040
lie: Young America, ll^c: Eastern. 14J|l5c.
— Quoted at 2'6"2'-c for store and 3740
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 2v'a3Oc lor
selected. B#n%e tor No. l and 20@224c for
j seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The last rain will probably put the finishing
touch to Grapes. They are wet and moldy
enough as it l«.
Melons axe no linger worth quoting.
The Orange season Is commencing. A box of
Navels from Porterville brought $3@3 50 and
some from Orovllle $4 50. Panama Oranges are
offering. Lemons are lower again and weak.
Limes are unchanged. j
Strawberries arrived come hours late and
were not sold.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@65c per box for common: 75c®$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy.
PERRlES— Blackberries. per chest:
Starwberries. ■ per chest for small and
for large berries; Raspberries. $:><?> 6 per
chest: Huckleberries, 6fi7c per lb: Wisconsin
Cranberries. $6 SCS7 50 per bbl: Capo Cod Cran
berries, $7 G068; Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 50 per
barrel and $2 per box.
Grapes, 20@86c for Black, 25®40c for Muscat.
2:>'ffZ',c for Tokay; 30!?40c for Cornichon: crates
sell 10@15c higher; Wine Grapes, |24@27 per
ton for Zinfandel, ?20@24 for other black and
$lS lf i'22 for White; second crop Zinfandel, $22(3
23.
Pomegranates, Eo®7oc per box.
Winter Pears, 50c@$l B0 per box. .
On i pops. 7". -'nil '-.rv box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Panama Oranges, J3©3 M
per 100: lemons. 75cff?$l 50 for common and" $2-9
3 50 for good to choice: Mexican Limes. $4t?4 50;
California Limes, ■ ; Bananas, $1 50@2 60 per
bunch; Pineapples. $l!g2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Dealers report a (rood movement In all de
scriptions at unchanged prices.
DRIED FRUITS Prunes. in sacks, 4»ic for
40-508, 4^c for 50-60s, 3?ic for 60-70s, 3Hc for
70-808, 3c for SO-SOs and 2%c for 90-100s;
Apricots, ll®l3c for Royals, 12V4@16c . for
Moorparks and 12#14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
£*-4®6c for Standards, l fi7c for choice and "Vs
@Sc for fancy: peeled Peaches, ll^lSc; Evapo
rated Apples. < : - ? 7 > , ■ - ; Sun-dried, 4-..'r-.- per lb;
Nectarines, 7%@Bc per lb for red and S3T9c for
white: Pears. SH^Sc for quarters and g@loc for
halves; Black Figs, 3#4c; White Pigs. 6- / q6>^c;
Plums, 6Ci6iic lor pitted and lH@2V4c for un
pltt.;d.
RAISINS— Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c: standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6". Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c; choice, 7V2C; standard, 6^c;
prime, se; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, sc, 2-crown loose Muscatels, 5V4c;
3-crown. C%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 por box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 15c: ■ Walnuts. Sij[Z?o for
standards, and 9V4WIOC for softshell: Al
monds. 10HO12HC for paper-shell, 9@loc for
soft and tOSc for hard-shell; Peanuts, 6%®6%c
for Eastern, and Be for California: Brazil
Nuts. .Sv4#9c: Filberts, UQtllVic; Pecans, 7'-,<j
8c; Cocoanuts, $1 r.OQj.
HONEY— Comb, II I.''1 .'' for bricht and 10Hc for
light amber; water white extracted, 7vfT74c;
light amber extracted, S'z'fl'ic; dark, s^e per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
. Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 5c per 1b for heavy,
S^lOc for light medium. 1114 c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13V«c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Fusar-cured Hams. 14c: California Hams, 13Hc;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess. $12 50;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra
clear. $16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
per lb.
LARD— quoted at 6J?6%c per 1b for
compound and THe for pure: half barrels, pure.
Sc: 10-lb tins, B%c: B-lb tins. Be.
COTTCLEXE— Tierces, 7»e'g7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 11®1U4c; medium. 10U: light, S^c; Cow
• hides, 9>-,j?10c; Stag*, G^tHHc; Salted Kip,
S^c: Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
brands. 13c; Dry Kip and Veal. 15V4©16c; Dry
Calf, 17@lSc; Sheepskins, yearlings, 20®30c
each; short Wool. SoftGCic each; medium, 70®
60c: long Wool, SOcJjsl 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $^^."; for large and $1 "'/a 1 50 for small;
Colts. 2."0.".0 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. B\4@s\c per lb;
No. 2. 4Vi''Tsc; refined. ; grease, 3i*c.
WOOL—.
Fall Clip— Pan Joaquin plaint " 1 -z^ae; South
ern. T'S'liV; Middle County. 10ttl2Hc; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, lr.-fflSc; Eastern Oregon, ll^tloc;
Valley Oregon. 15g!Sc; Xorthern Mountain,
free. ll@13c; Northern Mountain, defective, S@
lie per lb.
HOPS— S® 12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices stand the same.
BKEF— 7©7V4c per lb Tor Steers and S^gTc
for Cows.
VEAL— 10c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers, TU^Se; Ewes, TQ'THc
per lb.
LAMB— Spring:. 7%@8%e per lb.
PORK— Live Hors. s',^c for small, 5H«?5'Sc
for medium and sso'.;c for lar^f-. stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hcgs, 7@S^jc.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Baps. 7@7Hc: Vool
Bags. 2?520c; Fruit Bag?. 6c, 6\ic and 6?ic for
the three grades ot white and "He for bleached
jute.
COAL — The market Is very strong and some
descriptions are higher. Wellington, $S por ton;
New Wellington, $S; Southfleld Wellington,
$7 50; Seattle. $6: Bryant. 5»5; Ccos Bay. $5;
Wallsend. $S: Scotch. : Cumberland. $3 73 In
bulk and $11 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $13; Cannel, $S 50 per ton: Rock
Springs and Castle Gate. $9 60; Coke, $13 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Pow.
dered. s*ic; Candy Granulated. sc; Dry Granu
lated, 4 »e; Confectioners' A. 4 r i<~; California
A, — . Maenolla A. 4 : ; c: Extra C. 4*»c; Golden
C, 4Vic; barrels. l-16c more: half barrels. '-4c
more; boxes. He more: r.O-lb bags. '»c more.
No ordT taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5Hc; boxes,
5 ,c per Ib.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER SO.
Flour, qr sks 22,811 ; Shorts, sks 205
Wheat, ctls 56,210 1 Brandy, gals 1,500
Barley, ctls 1" c ~"! Wine, gals 45,400
Oats, ctls 1.5 X Wool, bags 251
Butter, ctls 1 1 Sugar, bbls 250
Cheese, ctls 27 1 Quicksilver, risks. 112
Tallow, ctls 329 Leather, rolls 55
Beans, =ks 4.C83 rises. So* 4.260
Potatoes, sks .... 5.491 Raisins, bxs 3,513 i
Onions, sks 660} Lime, bbls 91 i
Bran, sks I.SIO- Hops bale 1
Middlings, sks ... 410 Hides, No I.OSO
Sugar, sks 2,443 Pelts, bd!s 315
Alfalfa, sks 6 Hay, tons 346
OREGON.
Oats, ctls :"; 740:
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 10.120 Vheat, ctls 860
~ 1 -
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business In securities on ;
both sessions of the Bond Exchange. The i
principal activity was In Giant Powder, which j
sold at $*3 50354 62 1 Oceanic Steamship sold
up to $S9 12Vi and Contra Costa Water to i
$71 S7H-
A dividend of BO cents per share was paid
yesterday by the Geary-street Railroad Com
pany.
The Le Roi Mining: Company of Rossland,
B. C, has declared its first dividend since
the mine passed from Spokane ownership. The
dividend is 3 shillings per share or £:.*,, 000, to
be paid November 7. It is also reported from
London that the company expects to pay divi
dends monthly in the future.
The monthly report of the Alaska Tread
well mine, rendered October 27, shows 540
stamps crushed 55.407 tons of a value of J65.645,
with a saving- of 10?3 tons sulphurets of a
value of $30,173. The ore averaged {1 S3 per
ten. Gross receipts for the month were $107 .
087, and expenses iSC.TSO. The fourth quarterly I
dividend of the company was paid October 2S
making $300,000 given to stockholders since '
January 1. The dividends are 37;* cents per
share Quarterly.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Oct. 23, 2 p. m
! Bid. Ask. I ' Bid Ask-
S D S Bonds— (Mutual El Co. U 15 '
4s quar coup.. — —!OG L& H — 43
4s quar reg.... — — Tac Gas Imp.. — 63
4s quar new. — 131'i'Pac Light Co.. 41 .
i 3s quar coup.. — ICSH'S F G & E. . &Hi Sir
Miscellaneous— San Fran .. 3 «£ !
, Cal-st Cab Ss.U7H — Stockton Gas 12 _ 7 » '
C C Wat 55...1CS 109%| Insurance— " '
jEdL & P 65. 130 — Firem's Fund 220 _
;F&CI Ry 65.1i5 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st X ss. — 95 Antcto-Cal . «
, H C& S 545. .107% — 'Bank of Cal"'4O7 __
L A Ry it . . . . 1054 — cal SD A T — _
!LA LCo 65.. 99 — First National — J«
Do ctnd 65.. 99 - j Lon F& A _ I«
Do gtnd 55..— — Mer Ex... — IS
LA& PP. ss. 104 — Nev Nat Bk'.'.WUlM
' Market-st to.. - 129 r Savings Banks-*
I Do Ist M os.. 115 — Ger S& L 17<V>
NCN G X 7s. Hi - Hum S& L" ICSO 1160
;NR of Cal t0.114 - Mot Say Bk 39 4V
NP. of Cal Sm.va — 8 F Say U 500 _^
NPC R R 6s. 103 10S Say & L So" — -.
NPC R R ss: 107 103 Sec Say Bk" — sin
N Cal RP. 55. 11 l — Union TCo .MM i«a
.OG L& H is. 103 110 Street Railroads
-1 Dak Tran 65.. .112 113 California riiu
to CRy 65.. .12S - Geary 50 _
P&Ci Ry 65.. 107 103 Market-it .'" 62^ —
Pk &O Ry 65.115 - ; Oak SL & ii' — 50
Powell-st R6s — 122 Presidio .... 25 30
Sac El G&R5s. — - : Powder— " . M
.SF &N P 55.U4H115 California ....IK 170
ISF &.- JVss.llsh - E Dynamite.. S.S 95
SRy or CaI6s.ICSHUO Giant Con Co S4U —
Ip c 6 A sf ikr u?H ~ v L Borit ••••• :: *«
B ir X, 6S(l»9»>. — — Sugar
P C 6s(lS06).lll — Har.a P C 0.... 10% n
C 6stlSl2).llSU -» Haw C&S Co &3% 97
BPCIs eg 55.104 — Honokaa S Co. 3»»i 35
jSFBr 6s 122U123% Hutch S P Co. 2S-! "9
IS V Wat 65....1 l" s Kilauea S Co.. 23 30
[ B V Wat *a....lK?ilM!ilMakaweU S Co *&'% 0%
S V W45(3dm).101% — Onomea S Co. 38^. 39
Stktn Gas Us.. — — Paauhau S Co. 3o l i 36
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 7174 72% Al Pack Assn.llS%ll9%
Marin County. 50 — M<>r Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley.lOlVilOl^ Oceanic S Co.. 89li 90»i
Gas and Electric— Pac A FA.... li —
Cent Gae C 0... — — Pac C Bor C 0.143 —
Cent L & P... 68 — Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Eqult G L Co. 6% 6%
Morning Session.
Board—
6 Contra Costa Water "1 75
■ Contra Costa Water 71 87%
5 Giant Powder Con, b 90 S3 75
60 Hana Plantation Co 11 00
60 Hanokaa. cash 34 75
100 Hutchinson B P Co 29 00
5 Oceanic S S Co S* 7a
26 Oceanic S B Co S3 00
15 Oceanic S B Co 89 12',,
20 Paahau S P C 0..... S5 2a
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 °0
10 S v Water 101 37%
100 Vlgortt Powder .*»? 25
(5000 SV 4 per cent bonds, 2d mortgage.. 00
Street— . __
SO Hanokaa S Co 3175
100 Onomea Sugar Co »§ •«
200 Paauhau S P Co •" .a
$."000 California-street Railroad bonds —US a 0
$1000 Sl' Branch Ry 6 per cent b0nd5.... 123 00
$10,000 S V 6 per cent bonds 114 00
Afternoon Session.
12 Bank of California 407 50
SO Contra Costa Water i 51??
25 Giant Powder Con R3 G2Va
100 Giant Powder Con 83 BO
20 Giant" Powder Con. s 90 83 3.> 3
20 Giant Powder Con. 8 90 80 BO
10 Giant Powder Con 22 SJ?
20 Giant Powder Con S3 RZV2
2 1 -- Giant Powder Con S3 ">
5 Giant Powder Con S4 12%
25 Giant Powder Con " ■■"
IS Giant Powder Con 84 62Vs
20 Hana Plantation Co 1100
2.'0 Hana Plantation Co 10 S.Va
i'" Hana Plantation Co M >•">
100 Hana Plantation Co. s 90 10 0
25 Honokaa S Co 34 75
125 Hutchinson S P Co 29 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 14 1214
$1000 Omnibus Cable bonds 126 25
$8000 S F & S J V bonds 115 DO
Street—
$15,000 S V 4 per cent bonds, 2d mortgage. 104 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 71 62V4
30 Contra Costa "Water 71 60
60 Equitable Gas 5 &Vi
10 Paauhau Sugar Co 3." 25
10 8 V Water 101 23
100 Vigorlt Powder 2 62V4
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 6 62%
25 Giant Powder ?4 75 I
30 Paauhau Sugar Co 85 12%
i: B V Water 101 37%
ISO Vigorit Powder 2 75
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave . 2 96
800 Tidal Wave 8 00
iro San Jcnquin O & D Co 1 00
100 Northfleld 75
100 Equitable 105
100 Equitable 110
50 Buckhorn Oil & T Co 4 25
100 Barker Ranch Oil Co 1 Ca
150 Century Oil Co €3
1W) Century Oil Co 65
I'M) Eagle 45
150 Stella 50
100 Monterey Oil Co 25
150 Grand Central Oil Co 2 90
1 Duque.sne Oil Co 200 00
Street—
ISO Barker Ranch Oil Co 105
100 New Hope Oil Co 1 00
PRODUCERS 1 On. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Pennsylvania Consolidated 105
2M Pan Luis 5 0"
100 San Luis 6 12%
100 San Luis 5 25
Street—
1-10 Home Oil Co 49« 10
6-10 Home Oil Co 4,950 00
Afternoon Session.
Bonrd —
10 Blue Goose 40 00
13-10 Home Oil Co 4.350 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sale 3of mining stocks In
the San Francisco Stock Exchange Board yes
terday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 54 600 Sierra Nevada, El
2<X) tosi 35 100 Union Con 23
400 Savage 20
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes CS 300 Mexican 2*
100 Belcher 30 700 Mexican 21
200 Best & Belcher 47 200 Ophir 70
3CO •■'liar 26 600 Potosi 34
200 • 'liar 25 SCO Potosi 33 \
50 Con Cal & Va.l 60 100 Savage .... IS
260 Con Cal .v Va.l .-.:. ! TOO Savage 17
700 Hale & Norcrs J2 600 Union Con 30
100 Justice 04.
Following -were the sales of mining stocks In
the Pacific Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2~i Belcher 32! 200 Ophlr 71
200 Belcher 31 j 200 Overman 15
6*o Con Cal & Va.l 63 1 400 Potosi . 34
200 Crown Point... 14 200 Savage 19
700 Crown Point... 13 j 2CO Sierra Nevada. B0
300 Gould &. Curry 31 i 200 Sierra Nevada. 4S
200 Justice 01
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes OS I 500 Con Cal & Va.l 55
40i) Belcher 30; 2CO Ophlr 70
200 Bullion 07 300 Potosi 33
2«0 Caledonia 54 500 Sierra Nevada, 47
800 Con Cal & V.157%| 100 Union Con .... 31
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Oct. 30—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 04 Kentuck — 04
Alta 02 04 Lady vrasn ... — 02 ;
Andes 07 OS Mexican 20 21 i
Belcher -- 30iOcoidental 14 16
Best & <Belcher 46 47 Ophir 6S 63
Bullion 07 M Overman 12 14
Caledonia DO 52 Potosi 32 34
Chollar 25 26 Savage 17 IS
Challenge 21 25 Scorpion 02 — i
Confidence 70 73;Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Cal & Va.l 50 1 60, Sierra Nevada. 45 46
Con Imperial... — 01 ! Silver Hill .... — 03
Crown Point... 11 13 Standard 275 —
Exchequer — 02 Ft Louis — <■■■*
Gould & Curry M 31 ,< Syndicate ..... — 06
Hale & Norcrs 30 31 i Union Con .... 30 31
Julia 01 02 I'tah CS 10
Justice 03 OS i Yellow Jacket.. 20 22
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
TO SAIL.
Tune Ball.
Branch Hydrr.pTaph:c Office. V. P. X., Mer
eh,i nge, San Francisco, Cal.,
-
The lime ball en the I - new F'rn
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 110 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant C> mmander. I. S N , in ■ •hi-*-»
Sun, Moon end Tide.
« »
United States CQ?st and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hi^h and Low '■
Waters at Fcrt Point. en:«|siee to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at :
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
AUCTION SALES
auction" SALE !
ga>3« S^ fßs&* -£&
ORMOND SALE STABLE.
1517 MISSION STREET.
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, Oct. 31. at 11 o'clock.
I will sell 40 head of choice young Horses direct
from the country. I will be pleased to show
the above stock in harness any time up to day
of sal.:. 8. V.ATKINS. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
,^S> &r> .fes
100 Head of Horses,
Which Must Be Sold Without Reserve.
Comprising
STANDARD BRED TROTTERS,
ROADSTERS. CARRIAGE HORSES.
And many others Suitable for All Kinds or
Work.
The Property of DAN McCARTY.
At 1O a. m.»
THURSDAY Nov. 2, 1899
At Corner FIFTEENTH and VALENCIA STB.
Horses now on premises. Pedigrees fur-
nished at sale. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
l:and column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the Eecond tide of
tht day, the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives th»
la=t tide of the day. except when there are bu
thrt-e tides, as sometimes occurs. Ths heights
given are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sl^n ( — ) precedes the height,
ar.d then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference ip the mean of thp lnw»r low waters.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. October 13.
Stmr City of Para, Porter, 8% days from
Acapulco.
Monday, October 80.
S-rr.r South Coast, Olsen, 32 hours from "Ven
tura.
Stmr Bertha, Thomas, days from St
Michael. .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 36 hours from Mos»
Landing.
Stmr Ruth. Lundqulst, 42 hours from San
Pe<lro.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 49 hours from San
W.ego.
Stmr Crescent City, Etockfleth. 41 hours from
Crescent City. v .
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, IS hours from Fort
Brazff.
Schr Barbara Hamster, Anflndsen. 24 hours
from Albion.
Schr Mary C, Matsen, 22 hours from Bodega.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 30.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; GoodaJl,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Miami, Rlley, Seattle; Pacific Coast Co.
Br ship Cambrian Kills, Evans, Cape Town;
Balfour, Guthrie <£: Co.
SAILED.
Monday. October 20.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Lacuna. Ericsson, — .
Stmr Clfone, Walvlg. .
Stmr South Coast, Ol=en. .
Stmr Pro;-- Monroe. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle. .
Schr Lila an! Mattie, Llndbrld^s, — —
Schr Gem. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Schr John G North,' Austin, Honoipu.
Schr Robert Hind, Hellingsen, Nanaimo.
Schr Seven Sisters. Rasmusesn. .
RETURNED.
t Monday, October 80.
Schr Gem, hence this afternoon for Coos Bay,
returned on account of carrying away top
mast eft the heads.
SPOKEN.
1 Oct 23. lat 50 21 N, lon 25 02 W— ship Cedar
bank, hence June 3, for Liverpool.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Oct 2%— bark Lakamba, pre
viously reported, has been towed back to Ant
werp.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 30. 10 p m— Weathw
cloudy; wind west, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Oct 80— Bktn Re
triever, from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Oct Stmr Noyo,
hence Oct 29.
COOS Arrived Oct Bktn Gardiner
City, hence Oct 22.
Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Arcata, for Ban Fran
cisco.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Oct 23— Schr Joseph Rus«,
hence Opt 8.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Oct SO— Schr Rob
ert Searles, from Shanghai, for ; echr Wla
slow. from Honolulu, for .
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct Stmr Czarina,
hence Oct 26; U S stmr Commodore Perry, from
St Michael.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 2J— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pe.^.ro.
Sailed Oct — Schr Sacramento, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Luella. for San Francisco; stmr
Alliance, for Portland; stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 30— Stmr Rival, from
Redondo; stmr George mis. hence Oct 29.
Sailed Oct *o— Stmr George Loomis. for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Oct 30— U S stmr Hugh Mc-
Cullough and stmr? State of California and
Brunswick, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct SO— Schr Lizxis
Vane?, for Eureka.
Arrived Oct 30— Schr Fanny Adele, from
Grays Harbor: schr Louise, from T.'mpqua.
GRAYS HARBOR- Sailed Oct 30— Schrs Mary
E Rni Roy Somers. Henry Wilson ana Lettl
tia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 30— Stmr National City, hence
Oct 24.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Oct 30— U S stmr Mar
blehead. for cruise. '
SOUTH BEND— Oct SO— Schr "Web
foot. hence Oct 4.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Oct 27— ship Dowan
Hill, for San Francisco.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct 30— Br stmr Glenorle,
NEWCASTLE, Ener— Sailed Oct »— Br ship
Lord Templeton. for San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALIA— prior to Aug JO—
Fred J Wood, from Cowichan.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Oct 2a— Stmr Alameda.
for San Francisco. >:• :■-.■-■
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct 30— Ger ship Corlo
: lanus, from Panama.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
! CHERBOURG— SaiIed Oct 30— Stmr Kaiser
Frederichs. from Hamburg and Southampton,
for New York.
: ANTWERP— Arrived Oct Stmr Western
i land, from New York.
i YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Oct 30— Stmr Monmouth
shire, from Honekoner, for Portland. Or.
AUCKLAND--SaHed Oct 30— Stmr Alameda.
fcr San Francisco.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived Oct SO— Stmr Werk
endam. irom New York.
Ccppered His Neighbors.
There UTea in the vicinity of Columbi:.".
Ohio, a rich farmer who is so cr.r.
that he copper? whatever his i
may do. I. <? Victor Smith telis
tter got together
i that their lands must be posted
if they expected to have a qua:! or a
squirrel, a po.^.-um or a coon if ft in the
county. Accordir.siv it was done.
painted in gory Setters s .
In the face, and gur.s and
fishing tackle dropped thirty poini
the market. The contrary man d<* -ided
that he would not po=t his I and. In
• t up
re of those signs about h. -
of rich bottom on the banks of the
tangy:
: Bboot and Fish All You Pleasa :
: on this Land, and when the Horn :
: Elows Come to !•:: !
He is the most popular man in the
county, and. the hunters ani
have offered him any office that may be
at the present or future disposal of tha
electorate.
"When you told me that you were coing
: to pi.-; golf."' said the young husband bit
terlyr"l had no Idea that you intended 10
be absent evenings as well as afternoons.'*
His wife was very justly indignant at
his lack of foresight. "You should have
; remembered," she replied reproachfully,
: 'that evenings are the only time we have
J to talk over the game."—SUPERVISORS
SHOWED THEIR
GENEROSITY
Provided Funds for
New Schools.
OLD FIGURES WERE RESTORED
HOSPITAL PLANS' PUT OVER
ANOTHER WEEK.
Ga9 Contracts Were Not Completed.
ArTangeiaeiits Made to Accommo
date Next Board — Copies of
the Charter.
A big delegation of citizens from the
Western Addition went before the Board
of Supervisors yesterday to protest
strongly against any reduction being
made in the amount to be 'included in
the bond issue fur school purposes. The
amount originally fixed as necessary for
school purposes was (1,500,000. Prior to
the last meeting of the board Mayor Phe
lan and President Bergerot of the Board
of Education came together and agreed
that $1,000,000 would do, and the amount
■was forthwith reduced to that figure.
Charles Uundschu was first to speak
to the board. He argued solely for the :
Lowell High School, and said that it was
the unanimous desire of the residents of
his district that they be treated as well
at least as was the Mission, when the
Mission High School was erected.
• Attorney Frank Gould represented the ,
"Western Addition Improvement Club, and
he, too, spoke for the Lowell High School.
He said the voters in the district would
be more strongly inclined to vote for the
bond issue if they were assured that a
due portion of the amount would come ;
back to .them in the shape of substantial i
improvements. He pointed out also that
every other section of the city had been
better treated in the way of handsome j
pchool buildings than the Western Addi
ction.
stave Snee, representing the Feder
ated Improvement Clubs, echoed the opin
ions of the previous speakers, and Super
visor Perrault at once moved to raise the ■
amount from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000. Super
visor Algeltinger backed him. Mayor •
I'helan read a letter from Mr. Bergerot, |
which said that an error had evidently
been committed in reducing the amount
at all His Honor, thought, of a conse
quence, that $1,250,000 would be enough,
but Supervisor linger opposed him
and said that education was one thing :
the city could not have too much of, and
h* believed that parsimony should be !
shown in any other than the School De- j
partment.
Then Assistant Superintendent of
Schools Marks came in and »the Mayor
asked him if the department could get
along without the administration and
truant school buildings. Marks replied it j
could if it tried, anil his Honor suggested j
that $1,400,000 be fixed as the amount. j
Lackmann moved as an amendment that j
that amount he fixed. When it came to i
a vote Itinger, Attridge, Collins and
Perrault voted "no," because they wanted
a million and a half instead of the lesser
figure. They afterward changed their
vote and made it unanimous.
On motion of Supervisor Phelps the
plans tor the new County Hospital went
over for another week. The board will
view the plans submitted on Friday after
noon.
A permit was granted the. National Ath- ;
letic Club to hold a professional boxing ;
•Contest on some evening between Novem
ber 15 and 30. Permission was granted 1
the Western Athletic Club to hold an
amateur contest between ember 1 and
15. in lieu of a permit previously granted
for a go between the loth and 30th.
A resolution was adopted calling atten
tion of the Public Buildings Committee
to the fact that under the charter there
will be eighteen Supervisors, and that |
necessary furniture for six more members
should be provided for.
A resolution was adopted empowering
the Finance Committee to invite bids for
a joint custody double combination safe
for the Treasurer, as required by the |
charter. The committee will confer with j
the Treasurer upon the description of the |
safe to be based. The whole matter j
will be referred to the Board of Super- j
visors and the resolution further pro- j
vldes that the '.-■'■ Treasurer and Auditor
shall adjust the combination.
The following resolution by Supervisor
Perrault was adopted:
Resolved, That the City and County Attorney
be and he is hereby respectfully requested to
prepare forms of bonds to be executed and
given by all officers and appointees under the
provisions of the new charter as follows:
First— By officers who will be elected by the
people to an office In thin city and county.
Second— Uy deputies, clerks and other em
ployes to be appointed by the Mayor to any
office In this city and county.
Third — By deputlefi, clerks and other em
ployes to be appointed by the different de
partments to fill positions therein.
And the City and County Attorney Is hereby
requested to prepare the said forms of bonds •
|^.ln time to allow of their being: printed tor
the use of the various officers elected at th»
election to be held on the 7th day of Novem
ber, 1P59; and for the officers appointed by
his Honor, the Mayor, and for the deputies,
clerks and other employes appointed by officers
and departments of this city and county as
provided in the new charter.
The following resolution by Supervisor
Black, chairman of the Printing and
Salaries Committee, was adopted:
Resolved, That the committee on printing
and salaries be and Is hereby empowered and
required to obtain competitive bids from parties
for priming respectively 2500, 5000, 7500 and
10,000 copies of the new charter and report the
eamo to this board for such action as may
be deemed advisable, it being necessary that
a sufficient number of copies be printed for
genera! distribution.
Alfred Fuhrman was ordered employed
as special counsel for the collection of
delinquent taxes for the fiscal years 1898
--£fj and lsW-00.
Supervisor Holland submitted an ordi
nance which determined and declared
that public interest and necessity de
mand the completion of the Hall of Jus
tice as originally designed, and that in
order to. complete it the lot at the corner
of Dunbar alley and Washington street
should be acquired by the city. The ordi
nance was sued to print. -_ ? ; .?
Mayor Phelan had another explanation
to make when the gas contracts came up
and they were again put over for ■ week.
jr.:- Honor said he had addressed another
letter to Mr. Crockett and had Inclosed
with It a statement signed by live mem
bers of the board to the effect that the
company bad broken Its compact in sub
mitting bids on street lights in excess of
10 cents each per night. No answer had
H^en receiver] nn<l he suggested n further
postponement for that reason.
\ resolution by the Street. Committee,
vhich took out of the hands of the
Superintendent Of Streets th» letting 01
contracts for newer and street work, was
Indefinitely postponed ■.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The rfollowirig petition* were received and
referred to tho Street nominee:
'«! riavburffh. tor permission to project show
windows twelve Inches over the sidewalk In
'rent of his premises on south sido of Geary
street 'bctweon Grant avenue and Stockton
street': property owners, fur changing the
errors on arove, Fulton and Clayton streets
and Masonic avenue; E. ... \- Breton, for per
mi'slf'i to extend »how windows sixteen Inches
over the sidewalk in front of 441 Dupont street;
Kittle & <"'o tor peril ston to r lay artificial
none Kld»wnlks on the-'nortli Mile of r.iclflc
avenue between Webster and Flllmorc streets!
property owners and tenants, for Hi* removal
of lumber, fences, satul. etc., that obstruct
tl e weft File of Mason strr-<H. between Turk
and Eddyf M. 3. Brarvlenstelri & Co., tor per
mission to erect nn iron frame supported by :
ir-m uprights In front of premises at 15 and IT
California ... A. S-liitlltiß & CV, for per
mission to erect an •• r-.ini- nt 7 and 9 Cali
fornia street: property « owners, for -the con
struction of an artlflcinl stone Kidewalk or,
Liberty street between -Dolores and Church
street/* San Francisco Paving Company, for
permlaftieft: to pnve with bitumen by private
contract the crtfrlnsr of Bnkor and Oreen
v-lch #tn?«»t«: Andrew Downey, for permission
tr> reconstruct plank sH<""ik In front nt prop
erty en the southerly corner of First and ]
■Minna streets) A. J. Prayer & Bom, for per- i
IViltsfon to construct a now show front on the
•That story of premises at 857 Market street;
Barney Jacobs, for permission to erect electric
transparency on outer edge of sidewalk In
front of 806 Kearny street: J. Federleln, for
the paving of Chelsea place from Hush street
ecuthcrly with bitumen; Dr.- Hartland Law,
for the pavlnsr and sewering of Broderiek
street, between Union and Lombard; Wilson
& Stevenson, for permission to construct a
bay-window to project two and a ha.lf feet over
the sidewalk In front of premises at 1617
O'Farrell street; property owners, requesting
that the street lamp removed from the east
side of Goui?h street, between Ellis and O'Far
rell, be replaced; James Perry, requesting that
the clerk be directed to advertise for proposals
to construct artificial stone s'dewalks on Bros
nan street, between Valencia nnd Guerrero.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the Street Committee:
Property-owners against granting permission
to Isadore Llchtenwteln to erect > transparent
sign to project from the windows* over the front
of the premises at IB Grant avenue; verne
against the removal of the pas lamp from in
front of nO Steincr street; board ol • rupees of
the College of Physicians and Surgeons against
the paving of those sections of •fess.e ana
Stevenson streets which are opposite tne col
lege; Mary.C. Raum against the paving of J«i- \
si<> street, between Thirteenth anil Fourl . nl . n '
Sarah B. Melons against the paving or ( ■>»«<
street, between Thlrt< nth ana Fimrteemn,
! Drury Molone against paving Jessie street, Be
: tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth; M j ; ,
a.alnst paving Sail Bruno avenue, between
Sixteenth and Seventeenth streets: 1 ! 1 ' 11^.",
■: owners agalnßt the excessive taxation for sew- |
i ering Tilden street from Castro 291 .eet veal
-:■:>-
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions were ndopted declaring intention
!to order the following street work M L .
Paving with bitumen, roadway of P 0^ 0 " 8
Ftreet at the crossing of Twentieth and J"!,";
tv-first; granite curb on Pierce street, between
Vail,,., and Green; same on Pierce rtre«t, be
tween Green and Union: granite curbs and
culverts, cesspools, etc., on northeast.!. 1 i and
southeasterly corners of the crossing of Pierce
and Green streets: artlilcial « tor sidewalks on
Paclfte street, between Hyde and Larkin: same
on westerly line of Leavenworth street be- ,
' tween Greenwich and Lombard; same on north
! erly line of Clark street, between Drumm and
I Davis; same on Pacific avenue, between \\eb
«ter and Flllmore streets: same on northerly
' line of Fulton street, between Larkln and Pol*;
! some on easterly line of Polk street, between
1 Fulton and McAllister; grading Nineteenth aye-
I nue between L and M streets, redwood curbs
i laid thereon and roadway and sidewalk mac
! adamized: same on Nineteenth avenue, between
1 M and N, P and Q, Q and R and R and 8
I streets.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that the fallowing street work be ordered done:
P!auk sidewalks on southerly line of Jack
i son street, between Cherry street and First
1 avenue; Krantte curbs on Lafayette place, be
tween Green and Union streets, roadway of
: same to be paved with bitumen: artificial. stone
s!d»walks on southwesterly line o£ Sixth street,
beginning at a point Hi feet southeasterly from j
: Bryant ftreet and running thence southeasterly |
' fifty feet: artificial stone sidewalks on Lily j
1 avenue, between Franklin and Gough streets; ,
cesspools, culverts, granite curbs and artifi
cial stone sidewalks on the southeasterly and
southwesterly corners of the Intersection of
Waller street and De Long avenue.
STREET WORK ORDERED.
Resolutions ordering the- following street work J
done were adooted:
Twe'.ve-lnch sewer, with manhole and cover,
' In San Bruno avenue, between Fifteenth and
Alnmeda streets; 12-inch sewer in northerly ;
and southerly portions of the crossing of San ,
Hruno avenue and Alameda street. 8-inch
sewer In easterly and westerly portions, with
n.unhoie and cover In center of said crossing:,
With cesspools and culverts northwesterly,
southwesterly and southeasterly corners; 12-
Inch sewer with manhole and cover In San
Bruno avenue, between Alameda and Division .
streets, connecting with sewer In Division !
: street.
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
Resolutions awarding contracts for street i
work were adopted as follows: |
1) O'Connor. 8-inch sewer with two manholes
and covers In Garden avenue. between Devlsa- :
lero and Broderlck streets sewer 7", cents per
lineal foot and manholes |S7 ea.-h . < Ity: t-tn eet
Improvement Company, paving with b turner,
I roadway of Pacific avenue, from a point 13,
feet G Inches easterly from Baker street, thence
easterly 137 feet 6 Inches.
STREET WORK AUTHORIZED.
Resolutions were passed to print authorizing
the performance of the following street work
by private contract:
City Street Improvement Company, to lay
granite curbs and pave with basalt blocks.
Twenty-fifth street, between Guerrero -and-
Fair Oak*.
A resolution was passed to print changing
i the grade of the roadway of San Jose avenue
I at various points southwesterly and north
■ easterly from Unadllla, Mount Vernon and
Lake View avenues.
TIME EXTENSIONS GRANTED.
Extensions of time on contracts for the per
formance of street work were granted as fol- |
lows:
M J. Plres, ninety days on contract to con- :
1 struct a sewer In the crossing of Bennington
| and Ellert streets and ninety days on contract
to struct sewer In crossing of Bennlngton
: anil Newman streets; J. F. Lorenz. thirty days |
en contract artificial stone sidewalks on Scott j
street between Hayes and Fulton.
' -The Superintendent of Streets recommended .
that extension of time on contracts for the per- J
formance of street work be extended as fol
lows: Fllnn & Treaty, thirty days on con
tract to pave Central avenue, crossing Halght
street.
STREET WORK ACCEPTED.
Resolutions were passed to print accepting
the following Street work: Fulton street, be
tween Haipht and Page, basalt: same, between
I Stanyan and First avenue, basalt: Alabama
! street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
I fifth, bitumen; Potrerb avenue, between Six
teenth and Seventeenth streets, bitumen.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended !
I the full acceptance of the following streets:
Clay, between Locust and Spruce, bitumen
I pavement; Clay, between Spruce and Maple, i
I bitumen: Buchanan, between Union and Fll- |
! b»'rt. bitumen: Masonic avenue, between Oak
j and Page, bitumen; Henry, between Banchei
i and Woe, bitumen; Clayton, between Hayes
I and Fell, bitumen.
- MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
All bids for the construction of a sewer In
; the crossing of San Bruno avenue and Fifteenth
street were rejected and all bids for the con- ;
struction of a sewer In Cuvler street, between
, Bosworth and the Southern Pacific right-of- ;
: way, and In the crossing of Cuvler and Bob- '
worth streets were also rejected and the pro
posed work abandoned.
The clerk was directed to advertise for bids
for proposals to keep In repair for one year
the roadway of all accepted streets paved with
stone; also for proposals to clean and keep
clean all the sewers for the same period.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed
i to cause Flinn & Treacy to proceed with sewer- |
I ing A street, between Seventh and Eighth ave
nues, by private contract.
The Superintendent of Streets wan directed
i to remove nil buildings, etc., that obstruct
the roadway of Michigan street, between Twen- '■
ty-second and Twenty-third.
COURT NOTES.
Louis Strauss, 11 Snn?ome street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Graha"m's court '
yesterday foi the arrest of Ling King, a
tailor in Chinatown, on a charge of felony I
embezzlement. He got fifty-three pairs of I
I trousers to alter and he pawned them at i
Llchenstein Brothers' store, 617 Washing- !
ton street, where they were recovered on ■
a search warrant. : '•
Judge A. L. Rhodes testified yesterday
before Judge Sf-awoll that Thomas 1.
Bergln's claim for $30,000 counsel fees I
I against Florence Blythe Hlnckley was a
fair and just compensation for th ■' services
' rendered.
, Judge Coffey has confirmed the sale of
| the right of wav of the Butro Railway
Company to Robert F. Morrow for the
j hum of $21.1,000.
; Mrs. Ruby Lelkens has sued her hup
, band. Joseph O. Leikens; for maintenance.
Mr« Leikens says that her husband de
■ serted her October 30, ISJ»S. and has since
failed to contribute toward her support.
James F. Kelly, who attempted to shoot '
; hi* wife on August 25 last; pleaded guilty I
to a charge of assault to murder yester
! day morning. He will hp sentenced by
Judge Dunne next Saturday.
William Bell, a contractor, has sued
Charles E. Butler to recover 129,578 50 on
i a contract for the erection of a building!
at the southeast corner of Stockton and j
Geary streets.
Stabbed in a Saloon Brawl.
Eiigpn" Kelly, a ynung man who resides i
with his mother anil sisw-r on Perry i
street, near Fourth, was stabbed and j
severely wounded In h brawl with several
c impanions last night at 537 Howard
He was taken to the Receiving >
Hospital, where Or Cluness treated him
fur a wound on the left breast. His con
dltlon is very serious 3nd ih<>. physician:
has doubts of his recovery.
KILLED BY AN ELECTRIC CAR.
James E. Sweeney, a Blacksmith,
Meets With a Fatal Accident.
BOUTH SAN FRANCISCO station.
■ ■;:!.— Jamcf E. Sweeney, a blacksmith,
who lives at Union Pn^k. while driving
from his shop to Colma about 0 o'clock
this mornlnj.' WBfl run Into by an ...
< nr. receiving Injuries from which he died
at 2 p. m.
Murderer Howell Caught.
VANCOUVER, B, C, Oct. ».— Word
has been rectlveifl of the capture on the
Cariboo road of Milton O. Mowell. ac
. of thi murder In Montana of Thom
as Rossllng on July L r 7. lv^.
Stars Mistaken for a Comet.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Oct. ».— lt now
appears that tho Billas comet was not
sighted here, as telegraphed on Saturday
In their anxiety some people mistook a
cluster of stars tor tho comet.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31. 1899.
VESTED CHOIRS
WILL RENDER
SACRED MUSIC
Grand Festival to Be
Held To-Morrow.
SIX CHURCHES REPRESENTED
WILL SOLEMNLY OBSERVE ALL
SAINTS' DAY.
Rev. D. C. Garrett of St. Luke's Will
Deliver the Annual Address.
Programme for the Even
ing.
To-morrow evening, on the annlver-
I sary of the Feast of All Saints,
the seventh annual festival of the Vested
<"hoir Association of San Francisco and
vicinity will be held in the Church of St.
John the Evangelist. Fifteenth street and
Julian avenue. The choirs of the follow
ing churches will participate: Cathedral
j Mission of the Good Samaritan, Miss E.
Brown, director; St. I.uke's, W. A. Sabin,
F. R. C. 0., organist; St. John's, Oakland,
Ray Hanna, choirmaster; Christ Church,
Alameda, J. de T. Teller, director and or
ganist; St. Mark's, Berkeley, Rev. George
E. Swan, precentor, and St. Paul's. San
Rafael, Fred Goldfrap, director— six
! choirs in .ill and embracing altogether
j 572 male vo'cps.
Last year the festival was held in Trin
. ity Church before a congregation of 2000
I persons. This year the size of the church
j will not admit of more than one-half that
i number of tickets being issued, the de
mand for which is far greater than can
possibly be supplied. The last annual fes
tival was the most successful ever given
by the association. The singing of the
| boys was magnificent and inspiring to the
last degree, accompanied by the great
organ of Trinity.
The programme for the coming festival
will be highly attractive and devotional
1 and for weeks the different choirs have
1 been enthusiastically practicing in order
that a perfect rendering might be given.
1 The processionals will be Hymns 17fi and
j 179; service, tallies and proper psalms 112.
i 121, 149, composed by B. Jacobs and E. G.
! Monk; "Magnificat" and "Nuhc Dimittis"
i in F, G. -\l. Garret t; anthem J "What Are
These?" compOßed by Sir J. Stainer:
hymn 175. The address will be delivered
by D. C. (rarrett, rector of St. Luke'«
Cnurch. offertory, "Send Out the Llgnt,"
Charles F. Gounod; Doxology will bo nutig
:on presentation of alms. The processional
I hymns will he 3% and 418. Sfime very
. choice Instrumental music will be given
by the orsranist of the association, which
Will bring out the very highest powers of
the beautiful organ at St. Johns. As pre
lude the Allegretto In H minor by Louts
Vierne and the Adagio from tne sixth
symphony of Charles M. Winor will be
performed, and at the closing Joef
Rheimberger's Fantasie from Sonata 17
i will be played. A very large attendance
\of Episcopal clergy will be present. Each
<hoir will hi separately arranged and
: march to the chancel following their own
cross and with distinctive colors— purple
and gold foj ih»- Good Samaritans, lU-lu
! blue for St. Luke's, cardinal for St.
John's, Oakland, purple for Christ's, Ala
rm-da. purple and whit* for St. Mark's.
: Berkeley, tnd orange for San Rafael's.
; Seats for the members of tht 1 chorus will
■ be arranged In 1 1 1 *=>■ spacious chancel of
; St. John's, an edifice which is well cal
: ciliated 10 bring out to the best advantage
' the marvelous purity and volume of the
boys' and men's voices.
The Vested Choir Association has naver
in Its history been so well equipped for
rendering the class of music to which it
devotes Itself as at this time, and under
the masterful direction of Mr. Sabln It
has progressed until it has reached a very
high state of efficiency.
officers of the p..«snclat!on are: iae
Right Rev. W. F. Nichols. D.D., presi
dent: Rev. E. B. Spalding, L.H.D., Rev.
T. J. Lacey. D.D.. and Rev. W. I. Kip Jr..
vice presidents; precentor. Rev. George E.
Swan: organist, Harvey L,oy; director. T .V.
A. Sabln. F: R. C. O.; secretary. J. de T.
Teller; treasurer. A. Y. Wood; llbrar'an,
I Enos Brown; executive committee— F. M.
, French, Harvey Loy, W. A. Sabin, A. Y.
i Wood.
ST. FRANCIS CHURCH.
Tn-mnrrnw the Fonst of All SnlntP will ]
\<p observed in St. Frajicts Church, Val- i
lejo street. The masses will be at the
same hours as on Sundays. In the even- j
ing after vesper? there ■will be a sermon
by RfV. T. Caraher on "The Departed [
Souls." Thursday, the Commemoration of i
All Souls, the high mass will be celebrated !
at 10 o'cl "k.
SERVICES AT
CYPRESS LAWN
The usual memorial service will be held
in the chapel at Cypross Lawn Cemetery
on All Saints' day. beginning at 11:15 a. m.
The Rev. W. I. Kip Jr. will celebrate th*
holy communion and deliver an address.
The choir from the Maria Kip Orphanage ]
will sing. Those desiring to attend should j
take the 10:40 a, m. train at Third and
Townsend streets or the electric cars of
the San Francisco and San Matto line, al
lowing about an hour and a quarter.
ENGINE DITCHED AND
PASSENGERS DISCOMMODED
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— Somewhere up
! near Sleye Station there is a crippled
', engine attached to a freight train wait
j Ing to be relieved by engine No. 1404, but
the latter lies ditched near Slxteenth-
I btreet Station, a fact that to-night greatly
; discommoded patrons of the Southern Pa-
I cific Company who_ reside in Berkeley.
Shortly before 8 o'clock the tower man
In charge of the tower near Sixteenth
street had set the switches for a clear
track lor a freight train down Cedar
street. Just then engine No. 1404, in
charge of Engineer Harry Elejrwood,
came thundering up the track, bound for
i Suige Station. Whether Heywood mis
understood th-: signals or whether he un
derstood them and could not stop in time
is not known, but his engine jumped the
| block system short track, or derailing
I track, about 200 feet south of the tower.
He and his fireman jumped for their
lives and escaped uninjured, but the en
gine fell over mi its side, the coal tender
i takins a position which blocked the
! Berkeley local track. As a result passen
■ k<t traffic oh the Berkeley local was sus
pended until nearly midnight and resi
dents of the University town were com
-1 pc-llrd to v. under about on the mole until
! they learned of tii- accident; then they
! had to take the Oakland local and at
I Broadway take tha electric cars to their
lmmes. The v 4" overland ;ind two in
cqxning freight traills were also delayed.
By midHight the- wreck was cleared off
the Berkeley tracks, but the crippled en
: gine near stege station will not bo re
| lleved to-night.
Neither the tower men nor Engineer
Heywood had any information to give out
as 'to how tlie engine was ditched. It is
said Heywood waa formerly a hostler and
his fireman h wiper, and that they were
I not competent to take tho engine through.
A. G. GRANT MISSING.
Started for a Walk Saturday and Not
Heard of Since.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 30.— A. G.« Grant of
Rob/! Valley, Marin -County, who was
Spending a few weeks here, left the place
where he was stopping last Saturday,
saying he was goinp for a walk along the
cliffs. He has not been seen since. There
is no clew whatever as to what became
if him, although a search was made.
■ ♦ «
Fire in County Hospital.
vTSNTUBA, Oct. 30.-At 7:30 o'clock fire
broke oul in the surgical department of
th>> County Hospital and It was but a
miracle that the from" building was not
entirely destroyed. Surgical bandages
were being sterilized and In some unac
countable manner the room was soon in
flames. The rear western seel lon will have,
to be rebuilt. The loss is not heavy;
fully insured.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NON-UNION LABOR
GETS A ROAST
OAKLAND. Oct. 30.— Rev. C. R. Brown, pastor of the First Congrega- {
tional Church, in his sermon Sunday night, severely arraigned non- <
union labor. His manuscript has been obtaiued by local labor organi- <
zations and will be largely distributed. His most pointed remarks *
were directed at his neighbors, the Seventh-day Adventists. Referring J
to them, he said: <
"Anything else that is called religion is incomplete and Is often a carica- <
ture. Yonder or. Twelfth street stands a religious printing house. The men c
who manage it are so religious they will not observe the Lord's day. They <
will run their establishment on that day to the detriment of the quiet of the C
neighborhood and to the annoyance of many, and then keep another day of '
their own. They aro afraid they might offend God If they kept the day the \
Christian world observes. Yet with all these scruple?, they refuse to adopt (
the wholesome, industrial methods approved by organized labor and by all <
first -class printing houses In this and other American cities. They refwse to <
pay union wages or to make the conditions nf employment such as intelli- *
gent and conscientious men In the working world to-day approve. Thus their (
house has become notorious among vorkingmen all over the State. Their
great care lest they should offend God by keeping the Sabbath of all other 4
Christians and their anomalous economic position reminds us of those re- <
Hglonißts to Whom Christ said, 'Ye tithe mint, anise and cumnrtin and neglect <
the weightier matters of justice and mercy.' " <
OAKLAND, Oct. 30 —No officer of the Pacific Press would reply to-night <
to the remarks of Rev. C. R. Brown. *
■We all feel that these criticisms are uncalled for," said a member of the <
staff, "but if any reply is to be made it should be done by our editor-in-chiaf, <
Mr. Wilcox, who is at Healdsburg and who will return Wednesday." <
<
BABY'S DEATH
ATTRIBUTED TO
CRUEL NEGLECT
Officials to Probe the
Case.
The death of little two-year-old Marga
ret Cahill was reported to the Morgue
last evening. According to the account
given to Coroner Hill, the baby died of
neglect and cruelty, and the case will re
ceive a thorough probing by the police
and Morgue authorities.
Several days ago Mrs. Judill, who is
connected with one of the local orphan
asylums, visited the home of John Ca
hill, a laborer, at 920 Bryant ntreet. She
shortly afterward found Officer Cook of
the Southern police station and told hmi
a pathetic story of two children, one of
whom w;is dying of neglect. The woman
staffed that Cahill, whose wife died about
three weeks ago, was drunk in the houst,
and that one of his children, a two-year
old girl, was also at the poiiit of death.
When a^kcii why h*- did not give the
baby medical attendance Cahill replied
that h<- had had a woman attending the
children, hut that the latter had deserted
her posi of duty. Officer Cook visited the
house and Cahill promised him thai he
would Becure th<- services <>f another
mirae. The officer then reported the mat
ter tv police headquarters, and to Acting
Sergeant (/.Mara the father made the
same statement.
.Mrs. judill persisted that the child was
being neglected and wanted it removed
from the house. The father just as p ir
sistently refused to let hi> baoy be taken
away. "This occurred on Saturday alter'
noon, and last evening about H o'clock, the
child died. The woman who at lirst ac
cused the parent of inhuman treatment
an«i noglect then came forward and re
ported the matter to Coroner Hill. Hill,
in the report left on the death slip, stales
that not only are charges brought against
the father, but that the woman also holds
the police responsible. The officers, bow
ever, claim that they had no right to
■ the removal of the child from its
home.
The little body lies In the parlor at 920
Bryant street. Last night the home pre
sented ;.. pitiful appearance. The father
was disgracefully Intoxicated, while his
surviving child, a boy of five years, lay ill
and unattended In the next room. The
father claims that he called In a doctor
before his little daughter died, but last
night he appeared too Intoxicated to give
either his name or address. He Imagines
that some one Is trying to rob him of the
body and is loud in imprecations against
any one who should attempt to do so.
AT DEATH'S DOOR.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 30.— Michael Kane, a
prominent resident of this city, is dying i
ut his home on Railroad avenue, and j
death is a matter of a few hours. Mr
Kane In conscious of his condition and 1^
prepared for the end.
Mr. Kane was born in County
Derry. Ireland, In March, 1817. He cnm'e
to America In IK3O and settled at Pitts
burg, Pennsylvania. In 1848 he came to I
California and settled for a while at Mud
Springs, and from there he came to San i
Francisco. In isfd he returned Bast,
where he remained for two years, when
he returned to California with a lar;:-! i
party, acting as trail agent for the trip, j
In the same year he was appointed In
spector of Customs, under Major Richard
P. Hammond, and served fine term. He
was then promoted to the position of Gov
ernment storekeeper by President Pierce,
and was afterward appointed United
States Appraiser by President Buchanan,
a cousin of Mrs. Kane, and served four
years in that position. He afterward
became associated with the wholesale
firm of Hunter, Wand & Co., and re
mained with them until 1882, when the
firm was succeeded by Newmark, OrtiPn
berg & Co.. when he retired
to private life. In ISS4 Mr. Kan"
visited Europe, and on his return ;it
tended the World's Fair at New Orfeana.
He is a prominent member of the Califor
nia Pioneers and has been prominently
identllied with the Democracy of Alameda
County. Mr. Kane owns a beautiful home
in Alameda and Is well known for his j
charitable though unostpntntious deeds.
Mrs. Lever's Will Found.
OAKLAND. Oct. 30.— I T nder the terms
of the will of Rstelle P. Lever, who died
May 20, IS9S, her entire estate, consisting
of real property in Alameda and Fresno
counties, valued at about 18000, is be
queathed to her husband, Charles Lever,
who is named as executor in the instru
ment, which Is dated January 7, 181*6. The
husband, however, has renounced his
rights as executor and tho will was filed
this afternoon by M. Stuart Taylor, who
applies for letters of administration.
HE MADE LOVE TO THE
FAIR WIDOW CAMPBELL
Spirits Have Called It Off, and Now Joe Perry Will Sue
Her for Back Wag.s.
•
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— "J0e," the Portuguese hired man who was born
in France, whose surname turns out to be Perry and who was charged
with Insanity by Mrs. C. E. Campbell, widow of the hue Police Judge
Cnmpbfl! of San Francisco, has turned the tables on the fair-haired
widow, who created a sensation yesterday by reporting that he had
made love to her and that he had declared the spirits and (Jod had told him
he must marry her.
"Joe" voluntarily appeared before the Lunacy Commissioners to-day in
accordance with his promise made to Deputy Sheriffs Striker and Taylor
last night. The young widow also appeared. She was heavily veiled and be
fore Drs. Tlsdale and Sanborn would proceed with the examination of the
Portuguese hired man they demanded of her a $10 fee, which she reluctantly
paid. The doctors argued that it was a Berkeley case and that they had
never been able to recover fees for examining insane patients from the uni
versity town without suit.
Mrs. Campbell reiterated her story as published in The Call this morn
ing; of how "Joo" had once enticed her into one of her rooms in her
former T*£rkeley home and how he attempted to hypnotize her; how the man
lnul pretested his love as being urged by spirits and the spirit of the late
lamented Judge himself; and linally how he refused *to quit the Campbell
premises at Wheeler and Ashby avenues in Berkeley. She declared her life
is in dnngor while "Joe" possesses her deceased husband's big revolver.
"Joe" Perry was then asked to explain his conduct and frankly admitted
that for a few weeks he had indulged in a belief in spiritualism, but found
it too great a mystery. He admitted, ton, that on one occasion he had
told Mrs. Campbell that God wanted them to marry, but this dream, too,
had flown, he said. The spirits had called it off. He was willing to give
up the keys to Mrs. Campbell's home and the doctors promptly discharged
him. Now Perry has retained an attorney to bring suit against the widow
for back wages due a* care-taker of her place at Berkeley.
WELLS MUST STAND
SIXTY HOURS' TEST
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.-On Thursday
morning the Board of Works will award
the contract for testing the Roberts wells.
In the specifications it Is assumed that
the wells will give 6000 gallons per minute
and bidders must submit figures on that
basis. Some of the most important of
the specifications are:
The said test shall be made by the method
<-o:nmonly known as the "air lift system, "
and the contractor shall clean each well at
hlB own expense, by removing therefrom all
sand, sediment and other material before be-
EinnlnK the test.
Each well shall be- pumped for sixty con
secutive hours, and the contractor shall use a
pump nr pumi>s of such dimensions an will con
tinuously handle th<- assumed capacity of each
well an set forth In said specifications.
It shall be optional by the Board of Publio i
Works aiter the said sixty-hour separate test j
shall have been made, to require the con- |
tractor to pump simultaneously all four of the j
wells indicated upon such plan, or In pairs, I
as Indicated In said specifications.
Work on the test must commence ten I
days after the award of contract and j
must be completed within twenty days.
RAFFLE FOR CHARITY.
Those whose ambition is to figure as
coursing park magnates will have a
chance to start a kennel with a For Free
dom pup if they buy a ticket for St.
Michael's parish benefit at Ocean View
next Saturday night. The fair has been
such a success as to warrant its contin
uance till that night. Besides the dog raf
fle there will be other attractions. Com
pany O of the League of the Cross Ca
dets will go through bewildering fancy
drills and there will be plenty of music.
The various booths are in charge of the
following ladies: Fancy booth — Mrs. Fur
bush, Mrs. O'Hare, Miss Devlin, Miss Gal
lagher,. Miss Daly; refreshment booth-
Mrs. Canavan, Miss Canavan; candy
booth— Mrs. Brannan. Miss Reilly; Ice
cream booth— Mrs. Brien, Miss Brim;
soda water booth— Mrs. Lennon, Mrs. Mo
ran; fishpond— Miss Hildreth, Mrs. Bosque;
postofflce— Miss Subbing, Miss O'Hare;
committee of arrangements— Rev. J. A.
Cooper, P. F. Canavan, M. J. Newbauer,
E. Lague, M. F. Taylor, S. P. Mangan.
.■ ♦ ■
Marriage Licenses Issued.
OAKLAND. Oct. 30.— Marriage licences
were obtained to-day by the following
named: John J. Mora, 27 years, St. He
lena, Kapa County, and Carrie H. Lewis,
19 years, Frultvale; Marion C. Silva, 29
years, and Arrgetta Bodriges, 19 years,
Haywarda; Domingo C. D.-kitos. 28 years,
ami Marie Rodriges, 21 years, Haywards;
Jos t . I.qnacio Rocha. 24 years, Atwater,
Merced County, and Marie Dutra Faria. IS
years. Niles; Silvano Romano, 23 rears,
ami Lucy Brierly, 23 years, Berkeley;
Charles M. T. Parker. 38 years, and Myrtle
B. Davis, 25 years, San Francisco.
Webster-Street Bridge Dispute.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— The matter of the
dispute between this county. Alameda
city and Cotton Bros, over the completion
of the approaches to the new Webster-
Ftreet bridge on the Alameda side was
again discussed by the Board of Super
visors in executive session to-day, but no
agreement could be arrived at since the
parties in interest were unable to suggest
an acceptable compromise. It was decid
ed that the board meet again next Satur
day by which time, It If expected, some
thing definite will be arrived /at.
All to His Nephews and Nieces.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— Ex-County Cor
oner Henry Kvers to-day filed the will
of Hans Heinrich Frederlch Garner, who
died at the German Hospital. San Fran
cisco last Friday. The will is dated
March IS*. 1899, and by its terms the es
tate valued at $6000, is bequeathed to nix
nephews and nieces residing in Chicago,
share and share alike. Evers applied for
letters of administration.
Kicked by a Horse.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 30.— William Smlthson,
employed in a Park street grocery store.
wiiP kicked this morning by a horse
hitched to a delivery wagon and suffered
a fracture of one of his legs below the
knee. He was seated on the wagon at the
time the accident happened. The horse
suddenly let drive with both hind feet,
one of which struck Smithson and caused
the Injury mentioned.
■ ♦ ■
He Willfully Neglected Her.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— Judge Ellsworth
to-day granted Alice L. Ingram a divorce
from Robert H. Ingram on the ground of
willful neglect, and awarded custody of
the minor child to plaintiff. The parties
wre married in this city in October, 1574.
The divorce suit was originally -brought
in the Superior Court of San Francisco,
but was recently transferred to Alameda
County.
■ ♦ ■
Printing Suit Decided.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.— The suit of P. B.
Preble against the Board of Public Works
to set aside the city printing contract
awarded to the Enquirer Publishing Com
pany and award it to Events was decided
to-day by Judge Ellsworth on a demurrer
in favor of the defendants. Attorney
Sawyer on behalf of plaintiff announced
that he would prepare an appeal.
ATTACKED BY
ANGRY MUSKRATS
Police Operator Wound
ed by the Animals.
Special Dispatch to The fall.
CHICAGO, Oct. 80.-B!eeding from a I
score of wounds, J. J. Geraghty, a police
operator in South Chicago, to-day reached
his home and told a strange story of an
attack on himself ami tlog by a horde of
muskrais In a swamp along tha Calumet
River.
Geraghty entered the swamp early this \
morning to hunt for reed birds. His dog,
a magnificent Gordon Better, accompanied
htm. Shortly after noon he started home- I
ward. Suddenly the furious barking of his j
dog startled him, and he ran forward to I
find the animal literally covered with j
muskrats, which were lighting desperate
ly, biting and squealing like mad. They
nipped at Uie dog's eyes and caught his
tongue in their sharp teeth. He seemed
almost helpless, and Geraghty fired his
fhotgun at the little army of rodent.*,
which came scampering to the scene,
hoping- to scare the ones which were fast
killing his dog. He mowed down dozens
of the rats without appreciably decreas- ;
Ing their number. The dog at last sue- ;
cumbed and the reinforcements, number
ing hundreds, Geraghty sayß, turned their
attention to him.
"They climbed through my clothes in no j
time and bit me savagely." paid the op
erator in telling the story, "and the only \
thing that saved my life was the arrival
of a couple of other hunters, who ran in 1
with clubs and beat the little fellows off." !
Geraghty's story is corroborated by the
hunters who rescued him. Muskrats in a j
portion of the swamp are known to be i
numerous and occasionally belligerent, j
but thif is said to be the first instance ,
where they have attacked a man in any I
force. .^___________
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
St. Peter's Hall on Florida street was
packed last night with the numerous ;
friends of Company I of the First Regi- ;
ment of the League of the Cross Cadets, i
The proceedings of the evening were
opened by a few well-chosen remarks
from Captain H. J. Power. On the con- ■
elusion of his remarks he introduced '
Captaiii Dennis Geary of the California
Volunteers, who delivered an address on !
"Our Volunteers in the Philippines." The j
discourse was a resume of the actions of \
the United States army and navy during .
the war with Spain and aleol with Agui- |
naldo and his army.
The committee of arrangements having
charge of the entertainment was as fol- ,
lows:
Lieutenant J. B. Waters, J. Rademan,
Mr. Griffin. Captain 11. J. Power, Ser- j
geant W. Sullivan. J. ('alien, P. Couneen, i
J. L. Sullivan and James Ryan.
The following programme was faithfully |
carried out:
Basso snlo, S. J. Daly; vocal solo. Miss Mar
garet McCarthy; cakp Walk, Miss Grace Wrlsh
and Master Chester Pinkham; "How Jane ("on- i
quest Rang the Bell." Sergeant Major George I
F. Wel^h; vocal snlo. Mi;-- Cella Maguire: red- j
tatlun Iby request). William Walsh; reel and I
lisr danolng. Messrs. O'Connor and Kelleher;
soprano solo. Miss Etta Welsh; specialties,
Thomas Mahoney; solo 4<<t stringed instru
ments. St. I'eter's Orchestra.
Farce, "A Race for Dinner" — Cast: Sponge,
Lieutenant James B. Waters; Doric (a retired
merchant, excessively fond of building), John
Rideman; Mf-asureton lan architect). Lieuten
ant John Keefe; Robert Feedwell (an Inn
keeper). Sergeant Walter Sullivan: Dalton (a. j
rich merchant). James Ryan; Lovell (his
friend). Mr. Keane; Frank (servant to Dalton), |
John Callon; waiters. John Hennesy and Ed
Waters; Gammon ia pretended police officer),
(\ Johnson.
Keceptlon commitfe— Lieutenant John Keefe. \
John BiKsins. Joseph Rrennan: Armand Amolt,
William Bicrpins. Henry Dnrgelfh. William Fen- j
nesy, Frank McCarthy, l&dward I'renderßast. !
John McOarry, Henry Rademan. John L. Bull:- I
. van, John Toomey. Eddie Waters. Gus John
' eon, Walter l^fFter, William Williams. John j
; Andrews. J>anui»l I>ivpt, Maurice O'Brien, John
Hennesy, Malachy Kran. Frank Keefe.
VALUES OF PROPERTY.
The report of E. P. Colgan, Controller
of State, has just been issued and shows
the VRlues of property and indebtedness
of each county in the State, compiled
from the returns of the County Audi
tors. The totals contained in the report
are as follows:
Value of real estate. $867,772. R51; value of
improvements on real estate, $284, 551. 357;
valup 01 personal property, $164,070,620;
money and solvent credits, $80,894,840; to
tal value of property as returned by Au
ditors. $1,147,370,398; value of railroads as
assessed by the State Board of Equaliza
tion. $46,394 .275; grand total value of all
property. $1.94.'!. 764 ,673; original assessed
value of mortgages. f1tj0.560.992: assessed
value of university and other State mort
gages, $1,249,000; funded debt in counties,
$3,063,400; floating "debt of counties,
with estimated interest. $116,546 40; total
county indebtedness. $3,780,246 40.
In San Francisco, according to official
figures, the real estate Is valued at $189,
--215,050; improvements thereon. $96,090,320;
Personal property, 178,496.940; money and
solvent credits, $41,310,305; total value.
$405,111,615; value of railroads. $236,516;
grand total value, $405,348,130. Original as-
S( ssed value of mortgages here held is
$50,322,250; the funded debt, $252,500.
Died in Agony.
OAKLAND. Oct. 30.— Mrs. Louisa C.
Bentley. who swallowed a dose of car
bolic acid yesterday with suicidal intent
while suffering from melancholia, died at
the Receiving Hospital this morning and
at an inquest held to-night the Coroner's
jury returned a verdict accordingly. De
ceased was aged 42 years and leaves a
son, William Bentley, residing in this city.
.■♦ 1 _
Lady Douglas Will Sing.
OAKLAND, Oct. 30.-— Lady Sholto Doug
las and her sister. Mrs. M. J. Merrltt,
have consented to sing a duet to-morrow
nipht at St. Francis de Sales fair. The
programme of the evening will illustrate
the games and customs of Ireland and
hrrf will also be a Juvenile cak^walk.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known- Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind to
Strength and Vigor.
L. W. KNAPP. M. D. .
A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness, such as lmpotency, shrunken
organs, nervous debility. . lost manhood, night
emissions, premature discharge and all 'other
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
case of the difficulty, never falls to restore the
organs to full natural strength and vigor. The
doctor who made this wonderful discovery
wants to let every man know about It. He
will, therefore, send the receipt giving the
various Ingredients to be used so that all men
at a trifling expense can cure themselves. He
sends the receipt free, and all the reader need
do Is to send his mini" and address to L. W.
Knapp, M. D., 1659 Hull Building. Detroit,
Mich., requesting 1 the free receipt as reported
In. this paper. It I* a generous offer, and all
men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity. ■  :
JBQCIUrSHUSj
8 Cure Sour Stomach, •
t Constipation, etc. «j
J IO cents and 95 cents, nt drug stores. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ tllw
SiOK HEAOACHE
Positively cared by these
.Little Pills.
, They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
j Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
1 Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
I Regulate the -Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
, Small Pill. Small Dose.
SmaE! Price*
I EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The 'Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists. tt?BS
GIVEN FREE
to each person interested In subscribing
to the Eueene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistlo volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the ".ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the bulldin* of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
ISO Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
i 10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is Inserted aa
our Contribution.
I 'visit OR JORDAN'S great i
JBfISEUH OF ANATOMY!
9 (3 lC3imK7ST.ta'..6S&7th,G.r.C:l.i
T Hf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A _-_ji_^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V ScSKR disease p«-»itl»«^l;r cured ny the oldeit '
Q Mtjg SI Specialist ratbeCout. Est. 36 year? 0
£ tfff* ft OR. JORDAN- PRIVATE DISEASES $
\ I Mnj Consultation free and strictly private. \
a I s iy£/ a Trt itment personally r>r by letter. A &
VB fjrcJl B P<M. rite Cure 111 e»ery case undertaken. ,T
AM I II& Write for 8%k.1-HII.OSI)I'HVeI 1
fI 1 I ! H4nniAr,E, mailed FREE. (A f
I (4 11 valuable book for mrll) X
I f OR JORDAN A CO., 1051 Markpt St.,S. F. f
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific tost Steamship Co,
5^ steamers leave Broadway
wtffr wharf, San Francisco.
(7slr>» . For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
bß'R3b^ Oct - 3 - s - 1:i ' 1S - 23 - 2S: Nov-
C§T MZ^mR 2, chance at Seattle.
' ■kpHKJvMI For Victoria. Vancouver
' ■m^eflH! (ii - c ->- Port Townsend, Se-
r^*i^^ss«l attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
>" "^* (Wash.). 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8,
18, 18, 23. 28; Nov. 1, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's Bteamers for Alaska and G.
i N. Ry : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
' l °For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Oct. 6.
II 1«. 26, Si; Nov. 5 and every" fifth day there-
! For" Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayn-
' cob Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). aavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme San Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
am Oct. S. 7. 11. 15, 19. 28. 27, 31; Nov. 4 and
every' fourth day thereafter. _ „_. ,
For San Dlefro. stopping only at Port Harford
(Ban Luis OMspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
'' Anzeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m..
i Oct 5. 9 13. 17. 21. 25, 29; Nov. 2 and every
I fourth day thereafter.
' For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Maratlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
I For further Information obtain a folder.
i The company reserves the right to Chang*
! without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I "TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
I ■tree 1 (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt*.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE B. R. & N. CO.
DIBPATCH FAST STEA^MTTRS TO
PORTLAND
From Pn?«r-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnt $8 Second Class And Meals.
' COLUMBIA Oct. 20, 30; Nov. 9, 19, 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
i ... ..:. Oct. 25; Nov. 4, 14. M.
Short' Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
1B * b. C. WARD. General Agent.
S3O Market it.
GOODALL; PERKINS * ga^,^^
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
TOW TOBK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, lABTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Oct. B New York Nov. 15
St. Louis ......Nov. 1 St. Louis Nov. 23
j St. Paul Nov. 8 St. Paul Nov. 29
RED STAR LINE.
New York ani Antwero.
i From N'-v Yofk Every Wednesday. 12 noon. .
Kensington Oct. 25jSouthwark .....Nov. 15
' Norflland Nov. 1 i Westernland ...Nov. 22
' Frlealand ......Nov. 8 Kensington — Nov. 29
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St.- Michael., Dawson City.
FOl full information regarding freight and,
■-. • passage apply to V
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS will leave wharf, cor-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.
i for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
I Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, ana
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
HONGKONG-WART? ..Wednesday. Nov. 1
NIPPON-MARTT Saturday, Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARU Thursday. Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets, at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offloe,
421 Market street, corner First. giri|jrUßU|Hl».M
W. H. A VERY. General Ajrent.
COMPAGNIE GENERATE TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
PJKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . . j>^^ '
Palling every Thursday Instead of <Tjji3>
Saturday, from November 2. 189 S. at ~f *****
10 a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton «t. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28: LA TOURAINE, Nov.
1 *; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GAPCOGNB. Nov. 2J; LA
TOURAINE. Nov. *0: LA BRF.TAGNB. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. S6O and upward: 5 per
- rent reduction en round trip. Second-class to
Havre. M.">: 8 per cent reduction on round trip.
i GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson bultd-
InrV New York. J. F. FTJGAZI A CO.. Pa-
eiflo Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery ay».. San
Francisco.
fMgnatMfs| S. S. Moana sails
ffln|[ via Honolulu and
«'E," S ' *""" Auckland for Sydney
M-^—^ Wednesday. Nov. L
%^<V\ at 10 8. m - Australia
Tha s - s - Anstralla
o)ICd!l!j!IIU J M n s for Honolulu
/^"trvafln, Wednesday. Nov. IS.
at 2 p. m.
1 Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
j Samoa. New .Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
I England, etc. $610 first-class.
1. v. a. ■iL.CrvclSa tir.bo.CO., Agl*., 114 Montgomery
pi S r 7 Foot Pacific St. Freirh»Dtflr<'.3?7 M»rkf>» St.'
BAY AND RIVES. STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VAUEJQ.
-Steamer "Montlcello." . '
MON., Tues.. V/ed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
i a. m.. 8:16, 8:S0 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). T^rt-
! days. 1 p. m. and 8:80; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. (
[ p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1608.
[ TARE iu.M.ii.m ....u.u<u>u»»u.u>u V*
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICK of Th- Baa Francisco
c„ , -■ • and Thirl streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BR/vni-U W Mont« mery street,
corner Clay; open until »:» o'clock.
i until 9:30 o clock.
street: open until ?:30 o'clock.
k'.n street: open until »:80 o'clock.
n until 10 o clock.
eet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
10« Eleventh stroot: open until s o clock.
a street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Btseets; open until ? o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A-_ M.. §1
will meet T.HIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING Oct. 31. at 7:30 o'clock. M. -^«y\
degree. By order of the H. P. '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F and m
A M.— Meeting THIS (TUESDAT)^^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. 3. 7W/V
GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. /^ r
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy St.. meets THIS <TVE*>-^o\-
DAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. 3 D.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec, /V X
ORIENTAL I^odpe No. 144. F. and A. «
M-F C degree [•HIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7W\
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /^r ' |
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O. <syWt&>
F.-l!iit!a:lon THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. A. WELLS. N. Q. '=^ftfS=r
J. A. WELLS, N. G. *"**
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association-
Funeral detail from William Casey to John !
Fahey will assemble at their hall THIS
(TUESDAY) MORNING, at 6 o'clock sharp. ,
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. By order HOS. BENSON, Pres.
ALEX. CAMPBELL, Rec. Sec.
■ * -
>IEETINGS-"-Unl vernal Brotherhood. i
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America. 819 Mar-
ket st. Lecture on Sunday. "The Greatest in
,he World." by Dr. Allen Griffiths. Interna- !
tional Brotherhood League Tuesday night, .
vubject. "Legalized Crime."
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Serrano, recognized brightest as-
trologer in America: sketch of life and pros- j
pects. Srend date if birth, sex and 12c. PROF. I
SERRANO. P. O. box 5235. Boston. Mass.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: H. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees: call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
.W. DAVTDSON, 827 Market st. opp. Mason.
MAM'S.
E. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St. designs, audits ft
adjusts accounts for corpora & fine*: ref.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY, 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 50
we-k up. with board $5 50; suit for two with
board, $12; board, $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel. 807 California St.. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
"••P.ELGRAVIA." Polk and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board; for 2. $45 up; single. $20.
O'FARRELL, 742— A sunny front room: supe-
rlor table board: bath, gas, piano; reasonable.
I'INE. 1222 — Handsome family hotaf; sunny
rooms; suite or single; refs. Miss Hutchinson.
POWELL. 309 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
and F-r.gl". with or without board.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— for adoption by charitable, !
lonely lady from Seattle; would care for
mother tn confinement. Address, in confi-
dence, box 2975, Call office^
BY Spanish lady, a child to take care at home.
1013 Mason st.
UOOKS— AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st. . near Third.
800 1 ANil SHOES.
IiADIES' vesting top lace shoes, special $165
Children's shoes, all styles, BVi to 11% — 75
Men's shoes. $1 up; send for price list. Peo-
ple's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$500— BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms Included; sickness of owner cause
of sale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. Su6 Market.
-Al.' " >N, with clubrooms, 1 block from
corner Market and Powell sts.; rent $40;
splendid paying business; a bargain. R. G.
L.KE. fO6 Market st.
A— s2iO; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
on Union Bt. ; living room; cheap rent: good j
business. Call R. G. WILKE, Su6 Market st.
DAY saloon, established years; daily receipts
about $60: a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom- a chance of a lifetime: investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market 6t.
A-$7500— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, din-
ing-room, etc. : establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
est Investigation solicited. Call R. G.
WILKE, SOS Market St.
$1100— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$60; mercantile lunch; between wholesale
houses and iron foundries: place clearing $100
per month; lease. Call WILKE, 906 Market.
BRANCH bakery, notions, candy; bargain this
day: 5200. COWING ,-. CO.. 995 Market St.
FIRPT-CLAPS restaurant; •■ st In city; cause
of sale sickness. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
BRANCH bakery, notions, candy: bargain this
day. $200. COWING & CO.. SSS Market st.
GROCERY; first-class corner: good location;
must sell: sickness. COWING & CO.. 99S Mkt.
f 750 — PARTNER In entirely novel enterprise:
• already achieved grand success in city; will
prove slmjily a mint as regards future; whole
of Investment to go toward enlargement of
' scope of concern; references of best people of
State; applicant must have general business
ability. M. LESS, 766 Market Bt.
GENTLEMAN returning to Manila In about
ten days would like to meet business
man with capital, with object in view of en-
gaging in business In Manila; references.
Call 64-65 Merchants' Exchange building.
Iir.oo— CORNER grocery and bar; best location;
Western Addition; established 27 years; In-
voice the stock; must sell; leaving city.
ST K NBERG & CO.. 26'^ Kearny St.
FOR Rale Two days only; well established cor-
ner ■ eery; bar finely fitted; cash register;
net rent $3: no opposition; best bargain ever
offered. Apply southwest cor. Fell & Franklin.
$260— RESTAURANT, and 8 furnished rooms
cpp. dat>ot: half hour's ride from city; fine
business; ■ furniture worth price asked.
KREDO & CO., 22<£ Geary st.
CASH grocery si ness in Stockton; stock at
marl rates: about $2500-capltal required. Ad-
•lress brx 873. Call.
BLACKSMITH shop; 3 forges: business well
established and favorably known. 1008 Frank-
lin st, Oakland.
TO sell your business quick see " SCHOTTLER
& CO., 632 Market Bt.
FOR sale Cheap on account of other business
Good paying laundry route. Box 721. Call.
CHICKEN ranch for sale. Apply to O. J.
WILLIAMS. San Rafael.
CANDY, stationery, notions and cigars. 3255
Twenty-second st, near Valencia.
FOR sale— Laundry route paying well; $150 if
taken this week. Box 2814, Call.
$4500— LOT 100x200: corner San Leandro road
and Rose St., near Fruitvale; on electric car I
line: new butldlng; 7 living rooms; large
Btore and saloon; elegant grounds; stable and
warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses: finest road-
side resort in Alameda County: selling on
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C
CLI.'NDT. San Leandro road, also Call
. Branch, Oakland; Kan Leandro electric car
passes doon
TOR RENT— butcher shop; excellent loca-
tlon; no other near it. R. J. MONTGOM-
ERY. 470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
A— sl9oo; restaurant; elegantly fitted up; doing
good business, $50 to $100 dally: best location
In city: ing East. Kredo & Co., 22H Geary.
A— s6oo— CIGAR stand; corner; clears $100 a
month; cheap rent. Kredo & Co., 22% Geary.
$1000— COFFEE, tea and crockery store; best lo-
cation in the city; cash or will trade for lot
Of equal value. M. LESS, 765 Market st
$2500— One of the best located drug stores in
the city, clearing Jf<oo per month; selling on
account of ether business. Address L, 8.,
box 844, Call office. . j
SI NESS CHANCES— Continued.
RESTAURANT in prosperous country
town, near-city: bargain;' departure cause of
bale. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777% Market
$300— RESTAURANT; good location; for sale;
daily sales $15. Box 2554. Call office.
FOR sale— 6to\je, No. 7, with waterback;
$7 50; good baker. 214 Octavia st.
$2500—1 WANT a good honest partner, Wita I
this amount. in an established office business, j
handling articles of great merit and universal I
demand: I hold the exclusive right for sale
and manufacturing of these goods in the
United States and Canada; I need help; splen-
did profits; I have $2000 worth of goods on
hand; wish to advance the business. Box
8886. Call office.
$3000 FOR half interest contracting business:
established 40 years, clearing $5600 per year;
young active man preferred; good reason for
making this bargain. Address box 2976. Call.
$3200— HOTEL: 60 rooms: richly furnished;
good will; doing splendid business; grand lo-
cation: half cash. E. E. BUNCE. 90S Broad-
way, Oakland.
' BLACKSMITH and wagon business for sale or
to let; long established; best section of the
State. C. B. STEANE, Pleasanton.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; fine location; good
cash trade: on account of going East. Ad-
dress box 2SS7. Call office.
GOOD family restaurant for sale cheap: other j
business cause. Address S. M. COX, Sonora, |
Tuolumne County, Cal.
$23,000— Business property an.i lodging, with flats
& stores: good Income. Owner, box 2573, Call.
COMPLETE outfit of paying restaurant, cheap.
Climax Restaurant. Palo Alto, Cal.
FOR sale at sacrifice: retiring from business:
wholesale and 'retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel: can be rented
separate: long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FOR r.ale cheap, account of other business,
wood and coal yard. 3467 Nineteenth st., near
Valencia; inquire in grocery opposite.
GROCERY store; doing a good business; good
location. Inquire of E. A. KOLB. 419 Mont-
gomery st I
! FOR sale— Cash grocery with three living rooms
i and yard. Box 2879, Call office.
GOOD paying fruit store cheap for cash. 1082
Howard st.
| PARTNER for old est. florist shop: doing pros-
I perous business: cheap rent. Apply Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; good reason for Bell-
ing. 430 Sansome Bt.
WANTED— First-class woodworker for hlgh-
class work; must have $1000. Box 2539, Call.
SALOON— I 2 Seventh St.; I. O. O. F. building,
opp. new Postoffice bldg. ; make offer.
PRIVATE boarding-house: 25 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1344 Call.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE,
743 Mission st t
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
! subscriptions has been established at the !
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new: business wagons, new, suitable for dry i
goods stores; rockaway. S2S Harrison st.
FOR sale— bakery wagons, one buggy; cheap.
649 Park aye.. East Oakland
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart», harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 853-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.; i
tel. Main 191 GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c rxr yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON S, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie M 4.
J. E. MITCHELL Can Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-boating Works, 333 Golden I
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste: a household blessing: a sure !
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Sr^r st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M IKII I ALIS..M.
MR!?. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clalr-
vovant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every ;
hidden mystery; she will show you Mow to I
overcome your enemies: remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated; recovers lost,, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells j
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction i
guaranteed by mail; s?nd Btamp tor circular i
' with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, !
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1; diagnosis free; 'new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never J
fails: satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5 !
p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L., 25c; G.. 60c 612% Eddy, |
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish j
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St.. room 7. second floor. j
JOHN SLATER. Mrs. Griffin and others; ben-
efit srance for Sister Julia to-night at 8:13,
hall 909 Market st. Admission 10c.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, V
p. m. 14 McAllister, room 35; admission 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night.- 605 McAllister; 10c: come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to all questions. 5 7th st.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slatewriter,
330 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun, night.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
EDDY, 1951 — Pretty modern cottage; 6 rooms
and bath: In good order; garden and yard.
CATHERINE DEAN, wonderful scientific life
and card reader. 9S<) Howard, cor 6th, office 23.
MRS. C. .T. MEYER, 335 McAllister; readings;
test meetings, 10c; circles, 25c: dally, 2, 8 p. m.
MME. BERINSKLEY, fortune teller. ISA Co-
lumbia Square, bet. 6th and 7th. off Folsom.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p.m.; Sun.. 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.. 102V4 Sixth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 114!) Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads lire fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's, 60c. $l:test circles
Tues.. Thurs.. Frl.. 8 p. m.. 10c. 1033 Market, i
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly |
Call. 16 pages, pent to any address in the j
T T nltp<l States, pnntnaid. fir *1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un- i
less successful. Room 310. !'27 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$14— FURNISHED or unfurnished. 137 Julian
aye.. off Sixteenth and Mission sts. ; modern
improvements. :
REAR cottage of 3 rooms and hall; rent $6.
211 Eighth st, near Howard.
5 SUNNY rooms; chicken house, barn; cheap. (
f.21 Thirtieth st..' near Noe. I
— ■■ — - i
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— A 4 or 5-room cottage; modern;
sunny; bath, etc.; detached. W. H. G.,
Golden West Hotel. ■ ,~
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. a HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927 |
Market St., over Cafe Zinkard— Teeth extract- i
ed without pain by the use r{ electricity, sas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best pnd most artistio
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold i
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from jOe; '
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that nt
from $4 tO up; flesh colored plates from $3 GO
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays..
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 i
years; crown nnd bridge work; teeth with- I
out a plate; flllingß. 50c: crowns. $3 60; plates,"
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to I
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
'rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work: the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless:
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market. tor. Golden Gate.
V.A »' VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
O::iO Dental Parlors. Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
MEYER— Deutscher Ztohnarzt. 6 Turk; lst^class
' work: prices reas.; gas; crown & bridge work.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. "th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary: dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MRTaiiu r Ml^'^v : r F7 AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
.pervision over Ayres'' Business College; new
and progressive methods in all branches; the
only school in the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F. ;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch ..; day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got. positions. San Francisco Business
College. 1236 Market st |
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKTS mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Lelpsic; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleaning. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1956.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay St. ; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary fit ; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush st. best Chinese help fur-
nlshed promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help of any nation-
ality or description can secure same by call-
ing on, addressing or telephoning MISS CUL- |
LEN, 325 Sutler St.; telephone Grant ,120. ..
SUPERIOR woman desires situation as first-
class cook; understands her business thor-
oughly; best local references. For particulars
please call or telephone MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and chamber- I
maid desires situation; good seamstress; 2 '
years last place; city or country. MISS CUL- I
LEN. 325 Sutter st. j
FIRST-CLASS Norwegian cook desires situa-
tion; 4 years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
understands French and German cooking; '
good ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl desires situation to assist In !
light housework. Apply to MIPS H. CULLI- i
NAN, 323 Sutter Bt. ; phone Main 651. I
FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires situation;
best ref.; city or country. MISS H. CULLI- i
NAN, 323 Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
A SWEDISH second girl; first-class waitress
and seamstress: years' references. Address
or telephone, MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. j
TWO German cooks desire a situation at $35 I
month; no wash. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31«
Sutter st.
A WOMAN wishes to go out by the day. wash- )
ing or ironing; $1 day and carfare. SIVi Polan |
street. j
ELDERLY lady wishes position to assist in
small family with general housework. 1 Bill- i
ings place, off Filbert st., near Sansome.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion to do cooking and small washing; city or
country. 34S Third st. <
A SITUATION by a strong Eastern woman for
general housework; city or country. Apply ;
610 A Fell st., in the rear. |
A RESPECTABLE Danish lady wishes posi- j
tion as housekeeper; city or country. Address
A. 11..,I 1 .., box 2937, Call.
AN elderly woman wishes light housework In
small family In the city; good home and
small wages. Address F. BROWN, Thirty- ;
first aye. and Clement St., for 3 days. I
AN experienced woman wants a situation as
chambermaid, sewing and maid or assist with
Other work; reference given. Box 2856, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a young Swedish girl
to do genera] housework. Call at 1112 De Haro
St., bet. Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
LADY with a child would like situation as
housekeeper for gentleman; city or country.
Apply 8 Gough st.
SITUATION . wanted In small restaurant or
boarding-house to help in kitchen. 9 Boston
place, oft Folsom st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do housework and plain
cooking. 245 Clementina st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a position to
take care of small children or infant; refer-
ence. 326 Jessie St., bet. 3d and 4th.
AN English lady of superior education wishes
advanced Spanish lessons In return English.
Box aW. Call.
YOUNG Swedish lady wishes clothing to re-
pair. 425 Bush St., room 11, first floor.
A GERMAN woman wants day's work washing
or housecleanlng. Call or write 127 Turk st.
COMPETENT woman wishes light housework
and cooking; small family. 868 Mission st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation to do
general housework. Address 648 Howard st.
A YOUNG woman would like situation for
housework. 465 Jessie st, near Sixth.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper; city or
country- 'all Golden West Hotel, Ellis St.,
room 27, bet. 1 and 3 p. m.
NEAT girl wishes a situation to do light house-
work: private family; references; no postals;
wages $12 to $15. 1022 Larkin St.
WOMAN with a child wants position; good
cook; city or country. Apply 961 Mission St.,
room 5.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes situation as
cook in American family, or will do general
housework. Call 406 Octavla st.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation; good cook,
housekeeper and seamstress. Call or address !
MRS. B. W.. 1517 Golden Gate aye.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation assisting
housework. Apply 116 Perry st.
NORTH German girl wishes place as nurse.
MISS G. STADTLANDER, Y. W. C. A., 1253
O'Farrell st. -
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements; would receive patients In her
home; good references. Address Nurse, 47A
Clara Ft., bet. Third and Fourth, Folsom and
Harrison.
'HESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 2.'.c to $150 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia, st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE]
COMPETENT man and wife desire situations;
man good ranch hand, wife neat and first-
class cook. Please call or : telephone MISS
, CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT couple desire situations on a
ranch; man first-class rarich hand; wife good
cook. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
BARBER of long experience- can be had even-
ings. Sat. and Sun. Address H., 186 Perry st.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, cashier and corres-
pondent with many years' experience in
wholesale business wishes position; excellent
city rets. Address Ledger, ■ box 2817, Call.
RELIABLE man wants situation . In general
merchandise or grocery store: will work cheap
to learn the business; good driver: references
Address I. M. E.. 727 Bush st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
GARDENER (German), competent, reliable,
handy and .useful, wishes situation In private
family, city or country; understands the care
of horses, cows chickens;- references. Box
2936. Call. t
SITUATION wanted by a good house painter.
FRED BROWN. 777^4 Market st.
SITUATION by electrician and engineer; 5
years' experience on dynamos and motors; last
6 years on construction work as electric light
wiring and electric heating, call bells, gas
lighting fixture hanging and general repair
work; 5 years In one'shop. - Ad. box 2555, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second. and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
BARBER wants work evenings, Saturday 4 p.
m.; good workman; permanent. Address box
2933, Call o/flce.
HONEST and sober young man would like to
learn cooking; 18 months In hotel work; city
or country. Apply 532 Kearny st. ■
WANTED— Positions by man and wife; experi-
enced In poultry and dairy; handy with tools.
Address .W.. box 2819, Call. . ,
WANTED— by young man by the day at
window and house cleaning; carpets cleaned.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; telephone
East 963. ,
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation in private place; can milk; handy
with tools; best of references. Address P. I
LUND. 360 Seventh st. Oakland.
BERT mill stuffer wishes a position. MR.
JOHNSON. 16 De Haro st.
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 2853. Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
small ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box 2977, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as coachman,
man about place, or would take charge of
private place or stock ranch; experienced and
competent; good references. Address G. W.,
727 Bush st.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper, desires work of any
kind in wholesale house to start; no liquors.
J. B. S.. 817H Larkin st.
MAN and wife to take charge of ranch In
country or work on ranch: woman good cook;
man good farmer; moderate wages; ref. Ad-
dress W. R., 609 Birch aye.
SITUATION desired by young man at any In-
door work; would work for private family; no
previous experience, but would expect email
wages at first. Box 2968. Call.
3 JAPANESE schoolboys want work, one to
wait at table and two to work around kitchen.
Address M. HOUTA. 519 Jessie st.
JAPANESE couple want situations: man as
excellent cook, with good wife wait at table
or as lady's maid; has long experience. MR.
KOSNC.E, 1307 Larkln St.
JAPANESE, young honest boy, wants position
at housework and waiting. Y. SHIGEDOMI,
box 982, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EDSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— nice flats of I
3 and 4 rooms each on sunny side of street; I
rent $9 and $10 each; water and cellar free. |
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Modern ,
funny flat; 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
FLAT of 6 large, sunny rooms and bath; rea-
sonable. 3647 Sacramento st, cor. Spruce.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
GEARY, 1917— $1S: 4 furnished rooms: bath;
toilet: 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal; all
necessaries.
HOWARD, 1806 — Sunny double bay-window
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $14.
MCALLISTER. H29— Upper flat, 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
NE. COR. Nineteenth and Noe sts.— Lovely j
sunny upper modern 5- room fiat; porch and
storeroom; $16; water free.
SCOTT, 1314-16— Near Girls' High School; 6
rooms; bath; nice cellar.
$12 — UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; cars pass
the door: all in perfect order. 3905 Twenty-
fourth st.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; all sunny.
220 Thirteenth St.. near Howard.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp, 15o;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined,
60c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 ranee King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 MlMlon"et^~pays
the highest price for your 9--hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpetß.furniture.etc.; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllvenstein.ll2l Market.
FURRIERS, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kfarny. top floor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS
REPRESENTATIVE Masons to solicit sub-
scription? for the American Tyler, only Ma-
sonic journal of general circulation in the
V. S. Address with references, box 503, De-
troit, Mich.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches In 6
colors, Knowing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First st. San Francisco.
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties; call
after 4 p. m. ■ P. C. M. A., 76 Flood bids.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK girl. Monterey County. $20;
Presidio, $25; Oakland, $25; Haywards. $25;
San Jose, $30. MISS CULLEN, 225 Butter st.
COOK, first-class Jewish family. $40; 2 cooks,
$35 each; 6 cooks, $"5 and $30, good places;
cook, country. 2 in family, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. :
NEAT girl for housework, 4 In family, $15.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress: Antioch; $22.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Presidio, $25. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter ft.
NURSE; 1 child; $20. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st ; telephone Main 651.
WANTED— English parlor maid and waitress,
$25; 4 cooks. German style, $30 and $35; 4
second girls. $20 and $25; Ironer, country,
$25, fare paid; 4 waitresses, $20, hotels, city
and country: chambermaid and waitress, $20,
country; infant's nurse. $25; German nurse,
$26: nurse, institution, $20; 4 nurses. $15; res-
taurant waitresses, $6 and $20, country and
city: a number of girls for cooking and
housework. $20 and $25. J. F. CROSETT & '
CO., 316 Sutter st. i
HEAD waitress and 6 waitresses, city and j
country, $25 and $20; restaurant waitresses, $6 j
a week: glass girl, $15; 2 laundresses, $20; |
ironer, $25: 40 girls for housework, city and !
country, $20 and $25; cook, German style, $30;
Swedish girl, housework, American family,
$25; lady clerk for candy store, $7 a week, see
boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary. I
TWO c.ooks, $30 each; nursegirl, $20; 2 second
girls, $25 and $20; waitress. Institution, $25;
laundress, $30; 25 housegirls, $25 and $20.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Putter st. .
SOBER middle-aged woman; light housework;
plain cooking; small wages. 73 4th, upstairs.
WANTED— GirI for general housework In
small family; good references. Apply 315
Scott st. ■
WANTED— girl for general housework;
no. cooking. 1831 Eddy st.
FUR liners and operators. LOFSTAD, 14
Kearny Bt. • . - .
WANTED— Talloress. Call Tuesday, 2132 Mis-
sion St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
YOUNG girl to assist housework; small family.
3443 Sixteenth st., cor. Sanchez.
GIRL for housework; no cooking; wages $12 to
$15; references required. 616 Haight st.
WANTED— German girl for light housework.
394 Hayes at. :
WANTED— GirI to do ll_ht housework for
man and wife. Call at 1121 Sanchez st. above
Twenty- fourth. , " . .
WANTED— Canvassers for an actuality of the
highest Interest; -liberal condition. Call or
write MARS. 519 Van Ness aye.
GIRL for housework; plain- cooking; 3 In
family; k $15 month. Call in morning IS26A
Sutter st.  ■ .
YOUNG German girl for general housework.
Apply bet. 10 and 12 a. m. at 661 Geary St.;
wages $18 to $20.
GIRLS. to work on alterations; must be good
■ sewers. Emporium Cloak Department.
WANTED— for cooking and downstairs
work. 836 Union st, cor. Taylor.
50 TALENTED amateurs for the Megaphone
Minstrels. Apply at Chutes at 6:30 to-day.
WANTED— Young girl for housework. 214 Hyde
, street. : • ■ ,
NEAT young girl; v general housework; sleep
home; wages $16. 776 O'Farrell st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Finishers on custom . coats; good
pay. 40 Ellis st, room 52. ,
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers wanted at S. N.
WOOD & CO.' S. cor. Powell and Eddy sts.
WANTED— nursegirl. Apply at 2912 Clay
street.
WANTED — girl to assist In housework;
wages $8 per month. Call between 12 and 3at
1566 Turk st.
WANTED— Good cook. Apply between 9 and 11
, a. m. 1434 Post st.
WANTED— A cook; small family. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 at 2932 Jackson st.
GIRL for light housework; 2 in family; $10.
1755 A Howard.
GERMAN girl: general housework and cooking
Call 9 to 12 a. m.. 414 Van Ness aye.
RESPECTABLE girl to help lady in restau-
rant; no waiting or cooking. 25 Taylor st.
GIRL to take care of children and help up-
. stairs work; wages $15. 1825 Turk st., bet.
9 and 12.
YOUNG German woman to work by the day;
general housework, washing and ironing. Ap-
ply 318& Fulton st. in rear.
WANTED — Girl for light housework; good
home. 801 Hayes st.
GOOD buttonhole makers and finishers on cus-
tom coats; steady work. Room 78 Donohoe
building.
EXPERIENCED sklrtmaker wanted. 1264
O'Farrell st.
LADIES wishing profitable employment during
holidays call at room 81. 916 Market st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in light housework.
1217 Webster st.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 3631
Seventeenth st.
SKIRT hands wanted. 363 Geary st.
FINISHER on custom coats; also apprentice
girls. 304 Tehama st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 567 Geary st.
WANTED— for an actuality of the
highest Interest; liberal condition. Call or
write MARS, 619 Golden Gate aye.
GLOVEMAKERS on driving gloves; steady;
best price*. CARSON GLOVE CO., 35 Mar-
ket street..
WANTED- Good finisher on pants; steady
work; good wages; only good help need apply.
619 Sixteenth St.., Oakland.
GOOD finisher on ready-made coats; female.
322 Pacific st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gou_h and Grove sts.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking and help
housework. 1008 Mission st.
STRONG woman; light* housework for twc
ladles- wages $10; Protestant. Box 2973, Call.
WANTED— First-class alteration hands at E.
MESSAGER'S cloak store, 145 Post st.
WANTED— waist finisher, cloak-
makers and skirt finishers. Only first-class
hands need apply at 1200 Geary st., from 7:30
p. m.
WANTED— • ladies who want to make $12 a
week. Call 114 Jones gt.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffatt.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN~SB4B
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
want to-day, from 7 a. m., help for British
Columbia, Arizona, Oregon, Washington. Ha-
waiian Islands, Utah and all parts of Cali-
fornia. MURRAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay st.
17 CARPENTERS
$2 75 to $3 day. North; 9 months' Job; corpor-
ation job
9 CARPENTERS
$50 and found; steady job. North Lumber Co.
CARPENTERS MURRAY & READY,
CALL EARLY .634-636 Clay st
6 GOLD MINES
22 Miners, single and double $75
12 Miners, machine drills $75
64 Laborers (no experience required); any-
body will suit— will; wages $57 per
month with board and lodging
7 SILVER MINES
12 Single hand driller* .$6O
19 Laborers, you will suit »o2 M
17 Laborers, you will suit $37 and found
19 OTHER MINES
• 164 Laborers, no experience required; wages
! from $57. $45, $60. $40. $35 and f0und............
! COME SEE MURRAY & READY,
CROWDS GOING 634-636 Clay St.
WE SHIP YOU FREE .... RAILROAD WORK
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS, $2 DAY
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 CLAY ST.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 38 sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
197 men for 60 different jobs
from laborers to run machines
wages from $26 to $40 and found
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
...tree fellers, bark peelers, jackscrewers...
-woodsmen and millmen of every description,
$80. $75. $65, $50, $45, $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tiemakers, shingle bolt makers.
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds
We pay MURRAY & READY.
Your fares 634 and 636 Clay st.
RMS— DAIRIES. ...aIso MEN AND WIVES
64 farmhands .$3O. $26. $25, $20 and found
For orchards, vineyards, farms, etc
19 plow teamsters... $30 and $26 and found
5 milkers, good Jobs $30 and $25 and found
16 choremen and boys for farms
$25. $20, $15 and found
2 milkers and wives, 2 farmers and wives, $40
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
IT'S. ...INSIDE WORK.... LARGE COMPANY
12 laborers, no experience required, $2 to $2 75
day, 10 hours' work dally, 5 months' Job.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITHS—
HARNESSMAKERS WHEELWRIGHT,
TINNERS— 2 harnessmakers for ranches
30 cents fare, $30 and found
Wheelwright, country shop $2 50 day
5 blacksmiths '..$6O, $40. $30 and found
Millwright, lumber company.... Boss here
5 tinners free fare, good Job and wages
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LOOK HERE
Upholsterers, $2 50 day Can solderer
Granite cutters. $3 day Bench hand, $3 day.
Stonemasons, $3 50 day..Blockmakers, $2 50.
Slatesplltters,. $2 50 day.-.lronmolders, wood-
turner and sash and door maker $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
GOOD WAGES GOOD PLACES.
14 laborers, fare 70c ....$2 to $2 75 day.
12 laborers, fare 50c, 12 miles.. $52
7 laborers. Northern California $63
12 4-horse teamsters, fare $1 50 $60
15 teamsters fare 50c, $2 and $2 25 day.
6 laborers. Supervisors' work, fare $1 50.. 52 25
16 laborers, fare 35 cents $34 and found.
96 laborers for all parts of California $2 75,
• $2 50, $2 day; some city Jobs; COME SEE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS.
Cook and wife, country hotel kitchen $50
14 cooks $65, $50, $40,- $3. $30 and found.
6 waiters $30, $25. $20 and found.
12 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found.
4 porters, also vegetableman for mines....
$30 and found.
3 assistant bakers $25, $20 and found.
Baker; confectioner; second baker for mines;
cook and wife, delicacy store, city $70
j Barber, $50; boys for Institutions, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
; BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
! ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
NOW open— Barbers' home; free employment
office; a social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market st.near
Eighth; telephone South 51. Wm. Haberecht.
WANTED — Foreman for saddle factory; must
be sober, competent man, understanding
stamped work; send references and eaTary
wanted; steady position to right party. Ad-
dress PATRICK, MASTICK & CO., Portland,
Or.
WANTED— First-class cook. Call between i
and 11 a. m.. 2616 Buchanan st. .
RESTAURANT waiter; must keep dining-
room clean; $6 a week. 233 Sixth st
WANTED— waiter at • Manhattan
House. 525 Battery et. ■ . -
COATMAKER for the country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
BRIGHT, strong boy to learn shoecutting. J.
C. NOLAN & CO., 5 11 Market st.
WANTED— An elevator boy. 14 years old: $150
per week, with board. 239 Post St., room 6.
EXPERIENCED cutter and fitter wanted for
fine ladies' tailoring. 20 Sansome st.
WANTED— WaIter for lunch house from 11 to 1
p. m. 115 Drumm st. .;
WANTED— cabinet maker. Apply to L. &
E. EMANUEL. 432 Fourth st.
TIN ROOFERS— CaII this morning at 7:30 and
9:30. Pier 5, tug Vigilant; bring tools. ■
FOUR boys. Call at north brickyard. Berry
St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth. ■ '
WANTED— 14 or 16 years of age to work In
carpet store and drive wagon; residing in the
Mission preferred. 402 Sutter st.
WANTED— Second hand for baker in bakery
727 Larkln st. . ■■■■'.
WANTED— Man and wife; short distance; $40-
-see party here 11 o'clock. MRS NORTON
313 Sutter st. .
60 » TALENTED amateurs for the Megaphone
Minstrels. Apply at Chutes at 6:30 to-day.
WANTED— A good dishwasher. Apply at 145
Larkln st. . ■ . ■ . ■ .
ERRAND boy to work in tailor shop; $3 50 per
week. 14 Golden Gate avenue. X
HELP WANTED — MALE.
FREE FARE ....COAST ROAD ....NO FEE
Teamster* and laborers; ship thie morning
and Thurtday. C. R. HANSEN & CO., IU4
Geary st.
STONEMASONS for Coast Railroad, $3 50 a
day, free fare; laborers and teamsters, Valley
Railroad, $2 a day, free fare; laborers for the
S. P. Co. at Madera, $175 a day. free fare;
machine drill men and miners, $2 50 a day,
carmen, $2 a day; ranch foreman. $60; 6
farmers, different ranches near city, $1 a day
and board; harnessmaker for a ranch, $35 and
board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
RESTAURANT cook, $63; German cook, coun-
try hotel. $45; second cook, restaurant, $35;
third cook, country hotel, $30; 6 waiters, $2i
and $30; 10 dishwashers and kitchen men. $20,
$25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
MAN and wife for private place, country. $40,
see boss here; porter and gardener, country
hotel, $25; porter, country hotel, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO hotel waiters, $30; bellboy with good ref-
erencs. S2'\ C K. H AX.SKX & CO. 1M Geary.
ENGINEER and electrician for an institution;
?C0 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FOUR colored waiters; country hotel; north;
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Man and wife on fruit and chicken
ranch. $50, nice place; man ana wife for pri-
vate family, as gardener, etc., $50; also man
and wife for near San Rafael; private p,ace.
$45, call early; horseman and wife, $3n; also
others. J. F,. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento et.
WANTED— Cook for Nevada. $50, fare refund-
ed; rastaurant cook, $70; lunch cook, $. week,
second cook, $40: German cook and wife, *w;
night waiter, $40; butler. $35; 2 coffee saloon
dishwashers, $25; elevator boy, $1 a s*£si
shampooer, $40; also others. J. F. CROSE.Tr
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ______
WANTED— German-Swiss milker. $30; fireman
for hotel, $20 and found; 10 single hand
miners, $2 50 day; farmers $1 day; woodchop-
per, $1 50 cord; woodsmen. $1 75 to $3 day; 3
carpenters, $3 day; tinners for roofing; 50 la-
borers for mines and quarries, $2 day; also
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
BOY to set reprint. 25 Tenth St., near Market;
Call 6 to 7 p. m.
WAITER wanted. Apply at 207 Third
Btreet.
YOUNG man who understands painting, paper-
ing and whitening wanted immediately at
319 Third st.
STEADY man to take orders and assist in
light commission business; must be satisfied
with $15 to $18 per week and have small capi-
tal. 1032 Market St., room 4.
STRONG boy or man to work In coal yard.
510 Second Bt.
BARBER wanted. 527 Castro st.
WANTED— A dishwasher and waiter. 135 Fifth
street.
BOY to learn the upholstery trade. 1512 Polk
street.
I BOY to learn horseshoeing and blacksmlthlng.
Apply 1718 Flllmore st.
WANTED — Good tailors on custom coats;
steady work. Room 78. Donohoe building.
WANTED— A dishwasher. Apply at 686 Geary
etreet.
W r AITER wanted. Apply at 29 Fourth
street
•WANTED— Sidewalk finisher. 55 and 57 Te-
hama St., California Cement Wash Tray Co.
WANTED — Well-appearing unemployed men to
call at room SI, 316 Market st; good wages.
RELIABLE man with city trade for wholesale
and retail liquor house; good pay. Address
box 2552. Call.
STRONG boy to help on cakes. 1205 Polk st..
New Western Bakery.
BOYS everywhere to distribute circulars and
samples; good pay. Royal Gum Co., Chicago.
TAILORS wanted on custom coats. Apply 533
Natoma st.
ERRAND boy wanted at 304 Tehama St.; call
early.
EOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FFTiST-i'LASS barber wanted: bo d --vages to
right man. Call early. 1405 Bush St.
COATMAKER to work inside; also pressman.
927 Market St., room 623
WANTED— Second cook. U. S. Hotel. 123 Eddy
street.
BARBERS— Good two-chair shop In country
near city for sale cheap. Call at DECKEL-
MAN BROS.'. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Stonecutters, planer men and stone
sawyer. Colusa Stone Co., 206 Kearny st.
WANTED— Canvassers for an actuality of the
highest Interest; MbeTal conditions. Call or
write MARS, 519 Van Ness aye.
GOOD coatmakers to work inside by the day
or piece; steady work and good pay. Apply
718 Market st.
WANTED— Tailors. Call Monday at 2132 Mls-
Flon «t.. between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 150 breakfast.
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
it., ne&r Polk.
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop In country for
sale. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
BARBFR: young man; easy work; $9 week.
Address E. D. 8.. Petaluma, P. O. box 507.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast: J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic- to know
that Ed Rolkin, Rer.o House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEX to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice: expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call /ir write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
WANTED— Skirtmaker at SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices
$1 week N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seJmen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'?. sfi Steuart st.
| 200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
1 per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rra.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a nieht: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; fre»
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert Instructions; Saturday
wages; call cr write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia Ft.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Xtc — For Snle-
I.OOK out for the big sale of horses direct
from the country at Ormonde Sale Stable.
1517 Mission St.. Tuesday, 11 o'clock. S.
watkixs. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse MarkPt.
. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 MarkPt St.. between Twelfth and
Brady ; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— A number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. TOMKIXSOX'S Livery Stable,
57 Minna st.. bet. First and Second.
CHEAP— Good road horse: any lady can drive
him; well brM. Address 60." Mission st.
FOR SALE— Cheap; sorrel Stanford mare; 5
years old, "on San Jose aye.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER,
OFFICE 1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE STH.
OVER COLUMBIA BUTT & CLOAK HOUSE.
21-room house; $300 cash $"00
26 rooms: clears $100 650
18 rooms; clears $S0: rent $35 500
24 rooms: on Third St.; clears $100 600
9 rooms; on Mission st 300
45 rooms; corner; clears $200 1200
56 rooms; (transient): clears $200 1500
■iS rooms; on Market St.; rent $75 i3OO
60-room hotel and bar 5000
115 rooms; best in the city 5000
40-room boarding-house 3200
50 others I to "00 rooms, from $100 to $10,000.
MONET TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
$325—24 ROOMS, .<H rented; coo<l location; near
Market st.; rent _0. BAPILE. 3 Eddy st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BARILE, 3 Eddy st.; new cash buyer dally.
LODGING housp for sale; $450; on account of
departure; 20 sunny rooms; well furnished; all
rented: rent $50. Apply at the place, 533
Broadway, city.
STEVENSON, 772, off Ninth— Nicely furnished
7-room flat and bath: nearly new and com-
plete for comfortable home.
30-ROOM lodging house in Stockton for sale.
Address S. M. PARSONS. 126 Ellis St.
fir," Philadelphia House, 421 Hush at; -is rooma;
fur.; gas and water; or take partner; $225.
FOR sale or exchange— House of 18 rooms for
large house. Inquire Call Office.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR ,SALE.S~
GRANT aye., 209—19 large rooms suitable for
first-class lodging house or will rent in floors
as factory. Apply on premises, 10 to 12 a. m
FOURTH 303— A 20- room house well furnished;
good paying house: good location.
ELEVEN rooms; good furniture; $19 rent;
no agents. 346 Third st.
™ HOUSES TO LET.
a printed list- houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK &-CO.. 667 Market st
HOUSES '■ ' * LATS.
1914 Clay 12 r..' $75 2414 Pine St.. 7 r..J32 50
1817 Brod'erick, 9 .$4.". 1525 Pine, 6 r.....527 50
1012 Geary. 7 r....532 50 1385 Howard. 6 r $21
123 Cedar aye.. 5 r..515 2428 Geary, i. r.......520
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOW ELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE to let— S rooms, bath, large yarri. 354
Eureka St., nr. Twenty-first; rent $15 a month.
JONES, 1532— Modern 7-roomed house: hay-
window; splendid condition; large basement;
i. block from Jackson-st. cars; marine view.
PERRY 202 near Fourth— 3 rooms; rent
$7; water 'free. Apply UMBSEN & CO.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms,; grand view; to a small
family only. 425 Fremont St., near Harrison.
HOISESJW ANTED. ~^
GOOD horse. Please apply at the Girls' Dl-
rectory. Central and Buena Vista ayes. t
~~ HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Set of 4 teeth; reward. 733 Folsom st.
LOST— old-fashioned gold buckle, with blacic
satin ribbon attached. Reward at 776 Howtinl
St., room 4.
LOST— Mission: gold brooch. Finder pleas'
return to Call office, (n. z. n. a.)
FOUND— Black spaniel,, four white feet; owner
can have same by paying expenses. Call
1413 Polk st.
medical;
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
j MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home In confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st. betweeA
Hyde and.Larkln; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a_m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van. Ness aye.
and 1362 Market St., has returned from Eu-
rope and Is now at 118 Eddy st.
DR. POPPER, ladies" practical physician for
37 years; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; oui-e $5. 318 Keainy; consultation free.
HOME In confinement: treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness aver^
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladies' specialist. 1023% Market st.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 1228
Market st., bet. Taylor and Jones. \
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH '& WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 616 Mission.
SOLID gold hunting-case watch; stem winder;
gold chain and 1 ticket; bargain. H. M.. 158
Seventh st. *
BUYS, 3ells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new,2d hand. Whitelaw.2l6 Spear.
GAS engine, band saw, saw table, bus planer,
shafting, pulleys. Call Branch, 1941 Mission.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and alt brands,*
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. 8. R.\
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. ' J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 3olden Gate aye.
SAFES— and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants. $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. HIS Mission: Tel. Jessie 1163.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 in.: jras ener.. 2o" hand. J. Burke. l"0 Real*.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows: send postal. CHAS. LEWIS. 611
Union st.
GASOLINE schooner; state size and terms. J.
C. H., Call office. Alameda,
WANTED— Gasoline engine; 1 to 3 horse-
power. Box 2848. Call office.
WANTED — To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. T.ann>rk»r (k Co.. 118 Montgomery
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tap« and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition: r.ny amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to .1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided interests in
■ estates, legacies and mortgages ught: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 16-14;
branch 19 Third st. _____
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates- confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Pow< st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not" th-
out Indorser: also on diamonds, watch?- 1 md
jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner 1 Ing.
ON real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal- any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery f.
WANTED— line life insurance pr leg
highest cash price paid. a. T. KELLIHSBCsJ
Raymond House. Oakland. Cal.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their ". tes
without indorser. TOUSLEY, 430 Parr • big.
ALL propositions, small or large: salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California Et.. room_T. __
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dla-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortis. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. S3 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for %i
cash and, $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are th»
tame as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
*5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
" «s.. San Francisco and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S
*6. 28 and 30 O'Farrel! St. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer. vY.V*
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH--
LER _ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. -rf
A— UPRIGHTS $69 up: Installments. $5 75 Ufftt
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon" and Hallett & Davis piano*.MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CARLOAD of new style Decker Pianos Just
received; they are beauties; call and see
them. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
IF you want bargains go to MAUVAIS'. 769 I
Market st . they have lots of them.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard'
pianos; prices reduced to !ns#ra prompt sales.
W- C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
24 NF.W" pianos to rent; $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ. CO.; 660 Hayes st.
FINE STEINWAY upright, left by private
rur'y— sacrificed. Room 12, Flood building.
Fourth and Market ets.
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market st. ■
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
iiop.N! am. 216 McAllister st.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYRON MAUZT, 308 Post st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
■Post st.
BUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLKR. maker, repairer " Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — LET.
FOR RENT— A double store; one suitable for
restaurant; the other for barber shop and
cipar ?tand; opposite Where new union depot
will bs built. Inquire saloon, cor. Fourth and
Townsend Eta.
HOWARD, ISP2, near 14th-Store with 2 show
windows and 2 living rooms: rent cheap.
STORE to Rent cheap. Apply grocery
hi. re. corner Hayes and Laguna sts.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
of li ■■<? hours, 1 to S p. m. ; reading by mall. $1.
personals; "
JAMES A. BORBNBON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth at., near Mission.
ERER'S Quint.. not only cleanses the
scalp, hut beautifies the hair, gives a fine
gloss. G. LEDEREU. 123 Stockton st.
GO to LEDERER an& have your hair drosstd
a la mode tor only 25c; Lederer restores ;ray
hair to Its natural color with Sch<»llier's Col-
orine. 75c box. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
ELEGANT remnant! for suits. $10 75: pants,
$3 T. or overcoats, $12 50: made to order;
samples' sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market St., St. Nicholas HoteK
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMO3. 1117 Market st , bet. 7th and Sth.
J.l'. L. B. WOOD: dental work in all branches:
examinations free. 719 Market s-t., rms. 2 & 3.
LABORERS, rare opportunity— recently
returned from 2 years' sojourn at Dawson: can
furnish reliable information, etc. Address
box 271. Cull. ,
TAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth St.
THE IdeaJ Hair Co., hairdresslng and mani-
curing. 22 Kearny st., first floor.
MRS *L- J WHEEL has removed La Varite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
FRINGES braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTTNGER'S. 723 Market St.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 228 Kearny st., first floor, room 2-3.
JOHN L. BOONS, Patent. Tradmark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutler st.. Laws a Specialty.
Ban Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hot*!. 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
Hie to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and inter-
eFt. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason.
MRS. BENNETT, 1165 Mission— Cancer cur« 6
days; no knife, no caustics": references.
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 10c
for latest list. MRS. HERT2). 706 Ellis St.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold, exchanced. 525 Dupont St., nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-on* cloth-
ine, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RI'PTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec- j
tion: guarantd. Dr. . rdin. 514 Pine.ab !
WANTED- gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rage.«, sent to any address In the |
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
■ ■ _ ■ ■ '.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free •■!! '"am Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
l^lH Market st.. i ■■• Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— real estate for cash. Apply
A. M. SPECK 4 CO.. C 67 Market st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO. for good bargains.
(136.000— New building: rents $10,000 yearly.
$40, W'ft— Grand Investment; rents $402.
jafi/jt-K)— tores and flats: rents $300.
$!.".oO— Three flats on lot 22x56 feet; near Pow-
ell st.; rents $18: all rented: foreclosure.
$14. CO— Three grand new flats; rents $115.
$14,000— Geary »t., near Mason; store • and
lodging house.
$14,500—1 elegant new flats, near Mason st. ;
rented for $142; an estate: must sail
$12, 5 ft) — Store and flats: lot 50-foot front; half
block rom Taylor and Market; rents $100.
$15000— First St.; 87-foot front; 2 fronts: near
Mission st.
$10.oG«">— New flats; very fine: rents $95.
$:-5CO— Mason st.; corner; with 7 flats; renting
low for $«0.
Transfer corner; store and 2 flats;
mortgage $6200.
• Three new flats; rents about $S0; near
Powell and Bush sts.
IfiCK 1 — Post St.; 3 flats: rents $60.
(—California st. ; 3 flats; rents $45.
$4750 Turk St.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
fr. m $6500: large lot.
J4-00 — (> nice flaw: near Sixth st. ; rents $46.
$20*:*— Flats: rents $30.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 667
Market st.
NEW CORNER FLATS
M 8"0; RENT t s'.4O A YEAR
$1000 CASH. kAL. MONTHLY
Five and nine rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts,
$900 FOR new house of 6 rooms and lot 60x100,
In Oakland: terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month; lot and house cost $1200. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
RARE bargain: fine residence near park; every
convenience. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy st.
$1800— $14 per month: 4 rooms, 9-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30:8 by 114 feet.
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
w*et of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. .1. QUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
VAN N'KSS rv<>.: $110 front foot; st. bltumln-
Ized anfl i-ewer'-d. Apply '-'740 Van Ness nv.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A— 2oo ACRES farming land near Sunol, Ala-
meda Co., fronting on county road; $25 per
acre for quirk sale. H. H. Crane. 410 Montgy.
!?' U
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
15000— 70- A CUB ranch, 29 In fruit, 35 hay, In I
Sulsun Valley; Income property.
$4200—21 acre.-. Al fruit ranch. Va«avlll«; 15
acres bearing: for city or over the bay prup-
erty. GERMAN-AMERICAN. 34 K>arny Bt.
—rr _ . ; . i
ROOMS FOR HOL'SEKKJiI'IXO. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- \
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
BUSH. 2526-2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping; adults only.
CLAY, 2421, In rear, near FiUmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
DORLAND St., 33, off Guerrero, near Elght-
eenth— B sunny furnished hskpg. rooms; $10.
EDDY. 915— Unfurnished sunny rooms- newly
papered; kitchen: private residence; adults.
FIFTH, 119— Second flat; furnished rooms; i
housekeeping: also others: reasonable.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; a con-
necting. $13; also single, $5 to $7.
FIRST. 2S— Three front furnished sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; $10 a month.
FELL. lIS, near Van Ness— Sunny room, house-
keeping if desired: single, $5; double. $3.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms; complete for
housekeeping. [
FOURTH, 225— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; also sunny room.
GEARY, 891— Sunny unfurnished rooms; very
reasonable.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nice large furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms. . . ■
HOWARD, -Sunny bay-window suite with
kitchen; man and wife; others; moderate.
HOWARD. S29— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing, from $7 to $10; also other rooms.
HYDE. 408— Sunny suite of unfurnished house-
.ping rooms; also parlors and basement.
ivy aye.. 223, near Franklin-Nice, large, sunny
• room; closet, stove, suitable housekpg; $5 00.
LARKIN. 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month; central.
MARTHA PLACE, 2—2 well furnished sunny
rooms; complete for housekeeping; yard.
NINTH. 20, near Market— 2 connecting rooms,
housekeeping. $10; 1 front, $9; single, $6; gas;
water; stove. ,
POLK. 1532-Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms; suites, $7; single. $4; J^j_ parlor
SCOTT, 113—2 large connecting rooms; gas;
bath; partly furnished for housekeeping.
SEVENTH 192-One large unfurnished room:
housekpg. rms.^jßUltes 1 MRS prahl. prop.
STOCKTON, 603— Nice sunny rooms, single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; housekpg. I
STOCKTON.*! 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping: rent-cheap.' ' : . •
TWELFTH. 40 2 tunny front connecting rooms
! for housekeeping' ; $10. , ,
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. near Howard— 2 nicely
furnished housekeeping rooms: bath, laundry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lem-ia st. .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unlnrn. ;
1 AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San ;
Antohio"; opening Oct. 14; electric alevator;
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rate reasonable. 21 Taylor St.. near Market. ,
A-BRUKSWICK»HOtJSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms
I Be to $1 per night; fl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
| ," U V: rooms 50c to $150 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished
I CARKOLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 121 (United State Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
FOL6OM, 1530— Furnish sunny alcove front
I room for housekeeping; bath connected.
! FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
FULTON, 431— A single front room for a gentle-
man. ■ . ■
GEARY, 217— Furnished or unfurnished rooms;
j rent reasonable.
| GEARY. 405 (The Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 1404— Sunny front room;
nicely furnished for 2; $8 50.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. Three unfurnished
rooms, pantry, bath; $13.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house ; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
, HOWARD, 262S— A sunny front room (private
family); nice locality; bath; reasonable; ret-
| erences exchanged^
HUGHES House. 214 Third— renovated;
25c to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
IVY aye.. 223, near Franklin— Nice large sunny
room; closet, stove; suitable for hskpg.; $5 50.
JONES, 41S. near O'Farrell— Sunny, newly fur-
nirhed front and back rooms; $12, $15, $20,
gents preferred.
' LAGUNA. 1310, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell— Sunny
rms. furnished: running water; prlv. family.
; LARKIN, 103— Large sunny furnished or un-
furnished offices or living rooms; reasonable.
! MARKET. Newly furnished sunny front
rooms and bath.
. MASON, 1013— Front furnished room; 1 or 2
• gentlemen; Spanish people.
MCALLISTER. 416, third flat— Nicely furnished
j sunny rooms, with or without board; gentle,
men only.
1 MCALLISTER, 641— Front and back parlor;
nicely furnished rooms; also unfurnished.
- MCAU-.ISTER, 702H— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA, 224 — 4 unfurnished rooms; sunny; |
quiet; bath; gas; yard.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1220— Large alcove room: grate; run-
i ning water; also single room; reasonable.
NATOMA. 62—2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
$10 a month.
< OAK, 116— New elegantly furnished sunny bay-
i window room, bath, gas; also single bedroom.
• O'FARRELL, Sunny pleasant rooms with
or without housekeeping privileges.
POLK, 1403— Nicely furnished rooms and board:
private family; gas and bath.
POWELL, 309— Two front suites at the Wal-
dor' for rent: without board.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
| parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50: week, $2
' to $S; month. $S to $30: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
| SEVENTH, 23"A— large front room, with
I closet; nice new furniture; new house; rent $J.
I SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st., j
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Nicely furnished sunny rooms; i
suite or single; reasonable. !
SUTTER. 705— Office of late Dr. Robertson; !
other sunny furnished rooms.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
j THIRTEENTH. Large, nicely furnished j
front room: rent $6.
I VALENCIA, 204B— Sunny bay-window rooms, !
I furnished or unfurnished. |
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- !
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- I
lencla st.
ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM wanted by lady with piano In exchange ;
for lessons. MISS C, 639 McAllister St., Call |
Branch.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES, j
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; j
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45. '
, ALL kinds ! ought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- j
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.
BAD tenants ejected' for $4: collections made; '
i city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION j
I CO . 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520. :
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING]
WATCHES cleaned, 75c: guaranteed V years"
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 88 (500 per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1, U99. Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY. October 28,
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— LOT 60x150, with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath: stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 - rooms
and bath; near station; must be sold at once; I
worth $4000.
$2800— Lot 40x160, on Morton St.. bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$3350— L0t 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms; i
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of AUmeda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st.
GREATEST bargains ever offered In Alameda:
houses to rent In nil parts of Alameda, E.
D. JTr>n *- CO.. 1424 Park st. '
Al.Ull'.iH ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 14U sth.
THE SAU FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY. OCTOBEB 31. 1899.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR exchange for San Francisco property-
House of 7 rooms; lot 156x125; within two
blocks of railroad and half block from electric
cars: price $4000. Apply J. J. MASON. ad-
joining Postofflce, Berkeley.
YOU sould see those" new houses Just being fin-
ished in the Hlllegass Tract; with all modern
Improvements; within 5 minutes' walk from |
the university, and only 4 blocks from Dwight i
way station: lots 50x160; for sale either for
cash or easy terms. JOS. J. MASON, adjoin-
ing Postofflce, Berkeley.
SOUTH BERKELEY property, near station; I
house of 1 rooms, ■ easily adapted for two i
j families; bath, plenty water, windmill, stable, j
etc.; decided bargain. To see owner apply to
C. WILLMOTT. m Market st. '
A NEW map of beautiful- Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university i
grounds, can b* had by sending a 2c stamp to i
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the j
United States or Canada on« year for $1, I
postage paid. : — :
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
1
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
"
'
OIL.
OIL.
OIL.
OIL.
FOR A FORTUNE— S2S
One Week Only.
$25-BUYS 100 SHARES THIS WEEK— S2S
NEXT WEEK STOCK GOES ON THE EX-
CHANGE.
MT. DIABLO OIL CO.
ORGANIZED BY HOME PEOPLE.
TO BE CONTROLLED BY THE PEOPLE.
TWO HOURS' RIDE FROM SAN FRANCISCO
FOR THE ROUND TRIP—
REMEMBER!
WE DO NOT HAVE TO BORE FOR OIL.
WE DO NOT SAY WE EXPECT TO
STRIKE OIL.
WE HAVE
STRUCK OIL.
OUR OIL ON EXHIBITION.
COME AND SEE FOR YOURSELF.
YOU MAY STRIKE
A FORTUNE
. BY BUYING NOW.
THE COMPANY INTEND BORING
WELLS ALL OVER THEIR PROPERTY.
: THIS IS AN OPPORTUNITY UNEQUALED !
IN ALL THE OIL TERRITORY. AND AS
' THE COMPANY PROGRESS WITH THEIR
! BORING, THIS STOCK WILL GO UP
SO THAT THE INVESTOR WILL REAP
HUNDREDS FROM THE INVESTMENT.
BUY AT ONCE. DO NOT DELAY. GET IN
jON THE GROUND FLOOR. SECURE A
• CATALOGUE FREE.
J. W. LAYMANCE,
Secretary and General Manager.
636 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
460 Eighth Street. Oakland.
j ~L ,
jA— CASH, $7 50 monthly; HSx5l5 feet; grove
of trees; 300 feet new 6-foot high board fenc-
ing; fronting on 3 streets; single dwelling;
Just the thing for a bachelor; site, climate
j and soil none better; plenty of good water;
near electric cars; 90-foot wide boulevard: I
I Bchoolhouse; price $600 In all; Allendale Tract,
Adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for cir- '
! cular, 465 Seventh st., near cor. Broadway,
; Oakland; carriage free. HENRY Z. JONES, ;
i ■ Owner.
: $25 CASH, balance $5 monthly; 10 lots sacri- j
ficed at Lcrln in Oakland; electric cars; 2
blocks local train; electric and gas lights,
city water, etc.; owner widow lady; must sell
j at a sacrifice. Particulars J. W. LAY-
MANCE. 636 Market st., 2 to 4 p. m.
i A BARGAIN— LoveIy 9- room house; best resi- I
; dence portion of Oakland, west of Broadway, ;
lot 61x120: Improved with choice .flowers and j
! shrubbery; house In perfect order; all modern
I conveniences; 1 block from electric cars; con-
venient to local to S. F. ; will seX at a sacri-
i flee on account of owner leaving Oakland. In-
quire M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
i WEBSTER st.: I have the finest residence lot i
left vacant on this street, and I will sell '
! It for $55 per foot; owner refused $65 a short :
I time ago: 50x150; see it. JAS. S. NAISMITH, :
i 452 Ninth st. .
j FOR SALE— A bargain. $220; building lot near
I Telegraph aye., North Oakland. R. J. MONT- ■
! GOMERY, 470 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
! FOR sale — New house of 9 rooms on Frultvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 9Sx
130; horse, surrey nnd cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Cell.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence. 9 room.", bath, barn; 589 !
24th. Inquire R. Franke. 1622 Grove; rent low. ]
OAKLAND COTTAGE TO LEI".
I _ i
' FOR rent— slo 50; 2 cottages, 2 and 4 rms each;
city water; stable; lot 100x450; all fenced. R.
J. MONTGOMERY. 470 Thirteenth, Oakland. |
| OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellh&aa, the
furniture dealer, lltli and Franklin. Oakland.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS, BUILDERS
AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
! erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo-
ratory building on the University grounds,
Berkeley, Cal.. and for performing the labor
and furnishing the materials necessary there-
for; and said bids or proposals will be re-
ceived at the office of the Acting Secretary of
the Regents of the University, In South Hall,
Berkeley, Cal., at or before 3:30 o'clock p. m.,
of the 6th-day of November. 1899. -
And notlc* Is hereby further given that the
plans and specifications of said buildings have
been made and adopted and are placed In the
office of Curlett & McCaw. architects, 314
Phelan building, San Francisco, where the
same may be seen and examined during each
day. from 10 o'clock a.' m. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date until day of •
No bids or proposals will be considered un-
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer In the sum
of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that, if said bid or j
proposal shall be accepted, the party pro- j
posing will duly enter Into a proper contract i
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
In accordance with said proposal, and plan |
and specifications, which shall be and are I
hereby required to .be a part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids Is
hereby reserved. ..''.: ;
This notice is given pursuant to an act, en- !
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University of
California," approved March 25, 1868, and an
I act amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1572, relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3, 1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
E. A. DENICKE, Chairman.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated October 24. 1899.
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot.
Quartermaster's Department, 86 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, October 31.
1899. Sealed proposals will be received at
this office until 11 o'clock a. m., on Decem-
ber 1, 1K99. and then opened, for construction
of stone wall along southern boundary : of
military reservation. Presidio' of San Fran-
cisco, in accordance with plans and specifica-
tions on file here, which can be seen on ap-
plication. OSCAR F. LONG, captain and
assistant quartermaster, V. 8. A., depot
quartermaster.
PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES engineer office. Flood build-
Ing, San Francisco. Cal., Oct. 28, 1899. Sealed
proposals for furnishing and constructing
diverting channel for Sausal Creek, contigu-
ous to tidal canal. Oakland -harbor, Cal., will
be received here until 12, noon, December 28,
1899. Information furnished on application.
W. H. HEI'ER. Major. Engineers.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Superior Court of the "city and county
• of San Francisco. State of California. In th«
matter of WESTERN BEF.T SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and cx-
i isting under and by virtue, of thr» laws of th«
State of California, and having Its office and
■ place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco. State of California, has died'
a verified application addressed -to . the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
i a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
i and that MONDAY. November 13. 1899. at 10
I o'clock a m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2. In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for th«
| hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
. hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1893. *
WM A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
fSeal.l _™_^_^____^___
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses' have been Issued as follows:
William E. Tucker and Sarah E. Tay10r.. .31-26
Charles S. RufTum and Hid* A. Conradt 34-22
Luclen T. Raskin and Julia Chartier 22-22
! Clarence H. Swanton and Lollta Baettge. .22-18
Leonard R. Rosenberg and Enid A. Bird. 20-20
1 Valente Benasslnl and Edith M. Luchesi..27-17
1 John Carroll and Lizzie Donovan 21-18
! Jacob Norman and Agnes M. CW»wley 39-42
j William Bosta and Henrietta Steffani 23-22
John J. Jones and Ella W00d5......... 23-18
Daniel Holland and Katie Regan 81-30
I Charles S. King and Florence B. Moff at... 36-23
| Arthur J. Styche and Caroline Middlehoff. 43-40
j Edwin P. Weber and Josephine A. 8ean. ..29-29
George F. McMacken and Kathie Altschul.23-lS
Louis A. Raffloer and Maude King 24-22
BIRTHS-MARRMES-D™,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by |
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed 1
In at either of the publication offices and be |
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. •
BORN.
GILBERT— In this city. October 30. 1899, to the
wife of R. J. Gilbert, a daughter.
HAMBRECHT— In West Berkeley, October 2C, [
HOT, to the wife of L. Hambrecht. a son. • .
JOSEPH— In Alameda. October 29. 1899, to the
wife of William Joseph, a son.
RINGO— In this city. September 16, 1899, to the
wife of H. E. Rlngo, a son.
SWA BEL— In this city. October 27. 1899, to the
wife of Wilfred C. Swabel. a son. -
MARRIED.
AUSTIN— SMITH— In this city, October 30. 1899.
W. H. Austin and Charlotte C. Smith, both of
Salinas.
DREW— FREDRICKS— this city. October IS,
1899, by the Rev. Father M. D. Connolly, John
Sheehan Drew nnd Theresa Marie Fredrlclcs,
both of San Francisco. , , , . ■
EDWARDS— MULLER— In this city, October '
28. 1593, by the Rev. J. H. Scbroeder, Frank
P. Edwards and Dora Mullet-.
OLSEN— AARREBERG— In this city. October
29. 1599, by the Rev. E. M. Btensrud. Jo-
hannes Olsen and Bertha Aarreberg, both of
San Francisco.
WILSON— FLEMING— In East Oakland. Octo-
ber 4, 1899. by the Rev. Arnold T. Needham,
Charles Peter Wilson and Lusltta Fleming,
both of. San Francisco.
DIED. --
Cahill. Margaret Olmstead, James M.
Drlscoll, Patrick Olsen. Randolph B.
Punster. John H. Rollins. William
Ferguson. Malcolm Slaven, Frank
1 Forrest, Irene G. Simpson, John
Gelke. Richard : Smith. Thomas C.
Keiffer, Charles Sullivan, William
, Lucas, Margarethe Sweeney, James P.
Mealey. Edward E. Talbot, Alexandre J.
Mitchell. William White. Charles D.
< >■' '■' rinel!. Michael Wilson, Mary
O'Connor. Eliza T. • Wong Wo
CAHILL— In this city. October 30, 1899, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved daughter of John "and j
the late Lizzie Cahill, a native of San Fran- :
cisco, aged 2 years.
DRISCOLL— In this city. October 30. 1599, Pat- !
rick, beloved father of Daniel, James. Jo-
hanna and Mary Drlscoll. and brother of :
Daniel and Michael Drlscoll and Mrs. Tim-
othy Hurley, a native of Valentla Island, ,
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 42 years. . . . ..
£7Notice. of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 :
Mission street.
DUNSTER— In this city. John H., beloved
husband of the late Isabella Dunster, and j
father of George, Franklin J.. Thomas E. i
and Irene M. Dunster, a native of New York, j
aged 45 years.
i CTRerpains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and i
Eighth.
FERGUSON —In Boulder Creek. Santa. Cruz
County, October 28. 1899, Malcolm, beloved
husband of the late Nancy Ferguson, beloved
stepfather of Mrs. Oscar Harmon and Miss
Jessie Macdonald, and brother-in-law ot H. ]
Corbett, a native of Scotland, aged 76 years, j
(Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, papers plea*e j
copy.)
CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at- I
tend the burial this day (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FORREST— In Alameda. October 30. 1899. Irene :
I Gertrude, only and beloved daughter of J. S. I
I and Delia Forrest, and beloved sister of i
Edwin. §. W.. W. J. and G. W. Forrest, aged j
! 9 years 1 month and 25 days.
GEIKE— In this city, October 2S, 1899, Richard,
dearly beloved husband of Katie Gelke, j
father of Louise Geike, son-in-law of Mrs. E. !
Hampel, and brother-in-law of Henry F., !
Fred C. and John H. Hampel and Mrs. Otto
Gerhardy, a native of Bromberg, Posen, Ger-
many, aged 36 years. A member of Loyal
California Lodge No. 7005, I. O. O. F., M. U.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1423 Octavia street, near Post. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. !
HOFFSCHNIDER— In this city, October 11. ISW.
at his residence, 22 Hartford street. William
Hoffschnider, aged 33 years.
'■ KEIFFER— In this city. October 30. 1899, !
Charles Kelffer, beloved stepfather of Robert !
George Hirt and Henry Meyer, a native of
Alsace. /
Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street, under the auspices of Franco-Amerl-
calne Lodge No. 207, Odd Fellows. Interment i
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LUCAS— In this city, October JO, 1899,- Mar-
garethe. beloved wife of William Lucas, and
aunt of Mrs. A. Lange, a native of Bremen,
Germany, axed 49 years 9 months and 26
j days.
MEALEY— In South San Francisco. October 29,
1899, Edward E.. dearly beloved husband of \
Elizabeth B. Mealey, and beloved father of ■
Edward L. and Mary C. Mealey, Mrs. Ed- I
ward Kennedy and the late William M. and j
William J. Mealey, a native of St. Johns, •
Newfoundland, aged 65 years 7 months and 28 ;
days. A member of Bay View Lodge No.
159. A. O. U. W. (Lowell, Mass.. papers
please copy.)
ETFtlends and acquaintances an» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock from his late resi-
dence, 1629 Fifteenth avenue south, near Rail-
road avenue south. South San Francisco,
thence to All Hallows' Church, N street and
Sixteenth avenue south,, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MITCHELL— In this city, October 29, 1899, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of Thomas F. and
Amelia Mitchell, and brother of Thomas, i
Lulu and Mabel Mitchell, a native of San I
Francises, aged 1 year 6 months and 4 days.
CTThe fjineral will' take place this "day I
(Tuesday),' at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 132* Utah street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. Interment
private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In the City and County Hospital,
October 30. 1899. Michael O'Connell. a native
of Ireland, aged 45 years.
O'CONNOR— In this city, October 29. 1899, Eliza
T., btloved wife of Chris O'Connor, a native I
of County Roscommon. Ireland, aged 62 years. j
ITTFrlendß and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day i
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 22 Mint avenue, thence to St. Patrick's !
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
. mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
OLMSTEAD— In East Oakland, October 80. 1899,
James Monroe Olmstead, husband of Anna
Olmstead, a native of Maine, aged 78 years.
OLSEN— In Alameda, October 29. 1899. Ran- !
dolnh B. Olsen, beloved son of the late R. L. I
and Bertha Olsen. a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years and 7 months.
ROLLINS— fn this city, October 30, 1899. Wil-
liam Rollins, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 70 years. (Redwood City papers please
copy)
Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day !
(Tuesday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors i
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com- I
pany, 8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by ,11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
SLAVEN— In this city, October 28. 1899. Frank
Slaven, a native of Ireland, aged 42 years
(ETRemalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Mctzler, 636 Washington street.
SIMPSON- In this city October 30, 1899, John
' beloved husband of Catherine Simpson, and
father of Mrs. Katie Peterson, Mrs. Isabella
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Finnnngan ft Gallagher). '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRB.
M Fifth st., oppostt* Lincoln Bobool.
Telephone South Bfc ■
• Simonson, Mrs. Theresa Martin and John F.
Simpson, a native of Sweden, aged 73 years.
[CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
' November 2, at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 421 Greenwich street, thence to- St.
Francis; Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her-
soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment
ts Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, October 28, 1899, Thomas
C, beloved husband of Ann Smith, a native
of Ireland, aged 73 years and. 2 months.
C7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1257 Union street, thence to St. Brigld's
Church, corner of Broadway and Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
. terment Holy Cross Cemetery. " i
SULLIVAN— In this city, October 30. 1899. at
his residence, 1426 Washington street, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Ellen Sulli-
van, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years and «
months.
[D^Notice of funeral hereafter.
SWEENEY— In San Mateo County, at Cottage
Mission Road, between Seven and Eight mile
houses, October 30, 1899. James P., beloved
husband of Annie Sweeney, and father of
Grace, Willie and Etiiel Sweeney, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 45 years.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 'the Cottage Mission Road, between
Seven and Eight mile houses, thence to St.
Ann's Church, Colma. where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . .
TALBOT— In this city, October 29, 1899, Alex-
andre J., beloved son of the late Alexandre
and Bridget Talbot. and dearly beloved
brother of Henry. Fanny and Nellie Talbot,
Mrs. Annie O'Brien and the late Thomas and
Kattle Talbot, a native of San Francisco,
aged 36 years.
. E3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
near Fourth. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
WHITE— In this city, October SO. 1899, Charles
Dewey, youngest son of Mary and Eugene
White, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 10 months. .
WILSON— In this city. October 30, 1899. Mary,
beloved wife of Thomas Wilson, and beloved
mother of Thomas F. and Robert J. Wilson,
a native of Valleboe, County Donegal, Ire-
land, aged 63 years. (Sydney and London-
• derry papers please copy.)
(T?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 417 Bryant street. Interment by
train. Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WONG WO— ln the City and County Hospital,
October 29, 1899, Wong Wo, a native of China,
aged 52 years. •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate John E. Ruggles (by Henry 1... Dodge
and John W. • Ruggles, executors) to Isaac H.
Morse, lot on SE corner of Cough and Bush
street. E 65 by S 120; $15,000.
Archibald and Amelia Jackson to Charles F.
Doe, lot on E line of Middle street, 112:6 S
of California, S 60 by E 89; $10.
. Mattie P. Houston to Christine P. Donohoe
(wife of Joseph A.), lot on N line of Broadway,
68:9 E of Fillmore, E 34:44, N 137:6, E 7:5*4.
N 137:6. W 26:11, S 137:6, W 14:11. 8 137:6; $10.
Lambert Van Laak Sr. to Hattle and Lottie
Van Laak and Alyda. dwert (wife of Charle3
P.). lot on S line of Seventeenth street, 100 E
of Howard, E 120 by S 100; also lot on W line
of Howard street, 215:6 8 of Sixteenth, S 75.
W 110:6, S 58:6, W 64:7. N 47. E 5:1, N 87:6, E
170; also lot on NE corner of Seventeenth and
Howard streets, E 100 by 112:6; gift.
William H. Yeaw to Oscar Heyman, lot on
N line of Twenty-first street, 75 E of Alabama,
E 25 by N 104; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Mar
garethe E. Nelson, lot on N line of Duncan*
street, 265 E of Church. E 24 by X 114: $1000.
Bernard and Rose Levy to James W. Hen
derson, lot on N line of Morton street, 183:4
E of Stockton. E 22:11 by N 60; $4500.
Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum to Mary E.
yon Schroder, lot on SW line of Sixth street,
30 SE of Minna, SE 50 by SW 76. quitclaim
deed; $10.
Charles T'szynskl to Henry Singler, undi
vided one-third Interest in lot on BW line of
Sherman street, 115 SE of Folsom, SE 25 by
SW 75; gift.
Ann E. Short to John Deveney, lot on N line
of Twenty- (Sierra) street, 75 E of Penn
sylvania avenue, E 26 by N 60; $1.
Emtle H. Elmiuest to Solomon GetE, lot on
E line of Twelfth avenue, 150 S of Clement
street. S 50 by E 120; $10.
Julia Emlg, Lucy, Henry and Tillle Baum
gartner, Annie Zipperlien to Louisa Mumford. '
lot on E line of Second avenue. 100 S of Point j
Lobes, S 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of
Lott street. 100 N of Grove, N 25 by E 106:3; $10.
Lambert Van Laak Sr. to William Nugent '■■
Van Laak, lot on RE corner of Thirteenth
avenue and P street. E 300 by S 100, block 265,
O'Nell & H. Tract: also lot on NE line of
Thirteenth avenue, 250 SE of P street, SE 50
by NE 100,. block 2"0. same; also lot on ?W.
line of Seventh avenue, 150 SE of D street,
SE 150 by SW 100, • block 149, South San Fran
cisco Homestead; also lot on NE corner of
Gunnison and Norwich streets, E 55 by N 90,
Precita Valley, lots 153 and 164; also lot on
N line of Eleventh avenue, 150 W of D street,
W 73 by N 100. block 202, South San Francisco
Homestead: gift.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(a corporation sole) to Theresa Brett (wife of
Thomas A.), lot on SW line of Cotter street,
£50 NW of Mission, NW 25 by SW 100. Academy
Tract; $10.
Mary G., McLellan to Eliza Alverson. lot on
SE line of Arlington street. 313 SW of Roanoke.
SW 25, SE 110. NE 25:3, NW 114, lot 38, Jones'
Addition to Fairmount, $10.
Estate James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus, T. G.
Crothers and W. S. Goodfellow, executors) to
Edith Gribble. lot on S line of Cortland avenue.
50 W of Bennlngton street, W 55 by S 100, lot
12. block 6. Fair's Subdivision Holly Park; $245.
John H. Durst to Charles H. Athearn, estate
Mary Marshall No. 18,493, deed and assign
ment; $10.
Deborah Piamant (or 'Dora Diamond) to
Union Trust Company (trustee for Yetta M.
Anls. Nathan and Charles Diamond, Fritz*
Ellis. Chaya S. Gutstein and Maria Llchter),
rorecord 1532 d 232 and 1539 d 124, estate Jacob
Dusenbery, trust deed; gift.
Maria Lichter to Pinkus Lichter, rerecord
1835 d 13S and 1536 d I"?, same: gift.
Chaya S. Gutsteln to Edward K. Ash, estate
Jacob Dusenbery; $10.
Yetta M. Anls to Solomon G. Mish, same: $10.
Pinkus Llchter to Jacob Stencel, same: $10.
Alameda County.
Georgine Wulff to Guilherme F. Perelra. lot
on SW corner of West Fifth and Lewis streets,
S 88, W 25. N 88, E 25 to beginning, being the
N M feet of lot 31. block H. Bay View Home
stead, Oakland; $10.
M. and Eliza Rlnehart to A. J. Waterhouse.
lot on E line of Telegraph avenue, 140.60 N from
point of intersection with NW line of Clare
mont avenue. N • 33, E 65, SE 36.97, SW 49J29,
NW 19.77, W 42.8 to beginning, portion lot 2,
block A. Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract at
Temescal, Oakland: $10.
Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclamation Com
pany (a corporation) to William T. Hailing, lot
on SW corner of Twenty-second and Willow
streets, S 57? :9 by W 3SO, being lots 1 to 12,
block 752, Hougham Tract; also lot on SW
corner of Wood and Twenty-second streets. W
200, S 178:9, E 10. S 400, E 190, N. 575:9 to begin
ning, being lots 1. 2. 8 to 11. block 571. of above
tract. Oakland; $12,500.
: James norland to Margaret Borland, lot on
NE corner of Twenty-first and Filbert streets.
N 154:6. E 125. S 145:6, W 49, N 100. W 25, S
100, W 51 to beginning, being portion block G,
Northern Addition to Oakland, Oakland; gift.
George P. Lovegrove to Walter R. Lovegrove,
4.40 acres, being lot 4, Cameron Tract, East
Oakland; $5.
H W., S. A., Minnie and Nettle Norman to
Alys Arnett, lota 14 and 15. Fruitvala Cottage
Home Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Lauretta M. Thorn to J. H. Hudson, lot «.
block 179, town of Newark, on map surveyed by
T. P. Wilson. C. E.. In 1876. and filed for record
May 6, 1878, Washington Township: $10.
Nora Clark to John and Alice Hagerty, lot
on E line of Filbert street. 94 S of Fifth, S
25 by E 125. being lot 22, block 481, Adeline and
Market Street Homestead, Oakland; $10.
Mary J. Rellly (administratrix of estate of
Richard Savage) to Julius S. Godeau. lot on
S line of West Third street, M W of Linden,
W 25 by S 94. being lot SI. block 446, Adeline
and Market Street Homestead, Oakland; also
property in San Francisco; $765.
Alice S. Blake to Roberta A. Bulkley (wife
of Milton), rerecord 588 D. 287, lot on 8 line of
Albion street, 2SO W of Telegraph avenue, W
50 by S 142 :2V4. being the W 20 feet of lot 29
and E 30 feet of lot 30, Alden Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Mandana E. and George Chase- to L. G. Bur
pee, lot on S corner of East Tenth, street and
Fourth avenue, SE 120 by SW 140, block 8,
Clinton. East Oakland: $10.
James H. and Libbie Wallace to W. H.
Brommage, lot on SW line of East Fifteenth
street, 40 SE of Tenth avenue, SE 40 by SW
100, block 61, name. East Oakland; $975.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mar
garet P. Harris, lot 133 in plat 11, Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland. Township; $45.
Same to Robert Ewing, lot 15 In plat 35, same,
Oakland Township; $213.
Louise I. H»nn to W. O. Henn. lot on S line
of San Jose avenue. 99 W of Lafayette street.
W 49 by S 150, block 14, Amended Map Bartlett
Tract. Alameda; gift.
W. J. and M. V. Parker to Caro Carpenter.
lot on S line of Clinton avenue, 33:4 E of
Chestnut street, E 33:4. S to boundary line of
Rancho San Antonio, thence W to a point dis
tant , 383:4 E from ■ Chestnut street, thence N
to beginning, block 87. lands adjacent to
Enclnal. Alameda; $10.
John and Frances A. Leechmann to Sarah H.
Burns, lot on E line of Audu^xm street or Col
lege avenue, 199:6 N of Channlng way, N 4. .
by E 200, being portion lots 23 and 24, map of
Berkeley property. Berkeley $10.
Harriet W. Blake (b- Anson 8. Blake, attor
ney) to Blake Company (a corporation) of San
Francisco, lot on NW corner of Oregon street
and - Telegraph avenue, W 100:10, N 44:10, B
113:4. 8 46:7 to beginning, being lot 1, block G,
Leonard Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Frank Manese to Manuel Manese Jr., lot on
E line of Blalne avenue, 200 S of Twelfth street,
S 25 by E 125, being portion lot 5. block M.
Huntington' Tract. Brooklyn Township; grant.
• Charles and Carrie Groos to Helen Bruton,
lot beginning at point 100 E from St. Charles
street and 610 S from ' San Antonio avenue. S
100 " by E 50, being portion Fitch and Sharon
Tract, Alameda: $10.
Same to Daniel Bruton, lot beginning at a
point 100 E from E line of St. Charles street and
610 S from San Antonio avenue. S 100 by E 50,
being portion of same, Alameda; $10.
COX MUST STAND
TRIAL IN HAVANA
I Government Insists on
His Extradition.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— The Secretary
of War has received a letter from the
Governor of Louisiana relative to the case j
of W. A. Cox, who is now held in cub- |
tody in the city of New Orleans by the j
! State authorities of Louisiana pending
the Governor's action upon a requisition
for his surrender to the authorities of
the United States upon the charge of fel
ony, committed in Havana. The Gover
nor stated that he had received a letter
from a reputable attorney who had prac
ticed law in Havana and was well ac
quainted with Cox and the prosecuting j
witness, which contained allegations of
conspiracy against Cox in Havana and
criticisms upon the manner of adminis
tering justice there as reasons why Cox
should not be surrendered. This letter j
raised doubts in the Governor's mind as i
to what action he should take in the
premises.
In response to the Governor's letter the
Government takes the ground that the |
only question for consideration is as to I
whether there is a charge of crime duly
presented against CoX that ought to re-
I quire him to appear and answer in the
court having jurisdiction of the offense.
"We have a right," It is insisted, "to
assume that the United States is main
taining a government in Havana in which
the rights of persona and of property are
being protected, and that if we are to
permit the United States in its prox-
I imity to Cuba to be a place of refuge for
Cuban criminals the probabilities are that
a great many persons who commit crimes
in the island will escape trial and punish
ment by becoming fugitives to this coun-
RAILROAD WORK AT
SURF IS PROGRESSING
Over 1100 Men Now Employed and
Gaviota Will Be Reached, It Is
Thought, by May 1.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 30.-In the
eighteen construction camps along the
I route of the gap between Surf and Elwood
! over 1100 men are now employed. Gaviota
cannot be reached before May 1. There
are two viaducts to be built, and one tun
nel 800 or 900 feet in length to be driven.
This tunnel is located about six miles
! above Gaviota. Beyond Santa Anita
! Ranch and extending to Jalima CreeJc
: through Cojo Ranch, a distance of «ev
j eral .miles, there is much work still to be
done, including the completion of the lar
gest fill on the line, said by some to be
the largest railroad fill in the world.
Rails are now laid to Jalima Creek, south
from Surf, and a few miles north of Point
Concepcion.
From Jalima Creek to Gaviota is a dis
tance of about twenty miles, most of
! which has yet to be graded, with one big
fill, two large viaducts and a tunnel to
be completed before the rails can be ex
tended to the latter point.
: Half an inch of rain fell here in a heavy
shower this morning, injuring the grain.
MAJOR COCHRANE THE MAN.
Given the Appointment of Treasurer
of Soldiers' Home.
PASADENA. Oct. 30.-Major T. C.
Cochrane of this city this afternoon re
ceived the appointment of treasurer of
the Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica, fill
ing the vacancy caused by the accidental
shooting of Major t'pham several weeks
ago. Major Cochrane lives at 298 North
Los Robles avenue and has a wife and
two daughters. He has been an oil broker
and is 60 years old. He enlisted in the
Fifth Ohio in the Civil War and fought
in both battles of Bull Run. He came
here from Portsmouth, Ohio.
Indians May Ignore Game Laws.
ST. PAUL. Oct. 30.— 8y a bare majority
of one the State Supreme Court this af
ternoon decided that it is legal for the
Indians to hunt upon their reservations
in this State without regard to the game
laws so long as they do not store their
game to be sold contrary to law to
traders.
"Keeper of the Great Seal" Dies.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30.— George Bar
tie, the oldest clerk of the State De
partment, "Keeper of the Great Seal,"
and a close friend of Daniel Webster,
died at his residence here last night. He
was appointed by Secretary Buchanan In
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARHIVED.
tfonday, October 30.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eureka.
SAILED.
Monday. October 30.
Stmr Miami. Rilpy, Seattle.
Stmr Ruth, Lundquist, -■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Scott, Humboldt I A Lunigren, Cal
O Meredith, Sacto |W G Hornbergr. Or
E B Grubb, Los Ang !w P Peterson. Boston
A Cohen, Sacramento , C Millane, Denver
T Hansen. San Jose |P E Robinson, Denver
R L House & w, Cal J H Brown, Denver
G L Campbell, Cal C H Tooley. Modesto
E Bailey, Cal F G Dickey. Seattle
J A Riley, Loc Ang F P Powell, San Diegro
C, E Mix, Reno J F Cross, Vallejo
F Haftey, Crockett
GRAND HOTEL.
W Baird, New York il Applegate, Unalaska.
T H Longton, Sacto G R Wilton, L Angeles
A Ekman. Oroville W E McGlll. Pa
W J Bell, Vicaiia W J Holden. Sonora
E L Peacock. Woodlnd-Dr O H Dngge, S Jo9e
E F Frazer. Sacto !Mrs H C Jones, S Cruz
Mrs G Clement, Felton Miss N Jones, S Cruz
Mrs F W Pope. S Cruz,T L Scddon. Seattle
Miss M B Jewett.SCruz B P Tabor, Auburn
C C Metcalf. Boston \S E Banks. New York I
F T Dunphy & w. Cal H N Turrell, Boston
A W Brooks. Stockton E W Preble, Cal
F Peekey, Novato J B McCune. Boston
B F Grauss. Calistoga Mr & Mrs Jerooie. N V
A C Morrison. Placervl.F Mattison. S Cruz
D J Healy. Petaluma ;Miss Mattison, S Cruz 1
F Russell. Portland W H Phipman, Boston
F G Hughe*. SausalltoA B Law. LO9 Angelea !
I L Ramsdell. Holllster D W Pierce, L Angeles I
J D Gale. San JoaquinMrs Marks. Stockton I
O V Woodward & w, J \V Armstrong, S Jose
Staten Island W S Cronweiler. Sacto
A Oustsch, Cal jj L Johnson. Pa
J H Winslow. Chicago P Romane. Honolulu
B W Schneider. Omaha. F W Kohl. New York
C S Peek. Nome D M Baldwin. N V
Dr Kelsey, Nome IE Belllngton, N V
F P Atha &w. Ohio [J McCudden, "Vallejo
W M Elliott. L Ang JMtss McCudden. Vnllejo
F M Frye. S Barbara !W J Carlisle. Tulare
W* A Bromvich ft w, !j Brown. 8t Louis
London H X Brown. Portland
PALACE HOTEL.
Jas, Allen. USA .P Baker. N V
W Mackintosh. V X ! R Peltzer. Hamburg:
J R Putman, NY W B Cline. Lob Ans;
Mrs Putman. NY M H Ourley, Boston
A Kaiser. Stockton <H Lord. N V
G P Baldwin. NY IH L Leach. Chicago
F B McKenna. U S A S Carlton. Groveland
Mrs F U McKenna B 0 Steinman, Sacto
G H Eklrldge, Wash Mrs Steinman. Sacto
MrsOHEldridg-e, Wash : L A Davis, Dawson
H H Wood. San Jose ;A Brodie. Dawson
C L Thomas. Prov S F Graham, N V
W C Codman, Boston V W JoFlyn. N V
C McFarland. St Louis ;Lt yon Rosenberg, SS
P Kittenring. Ohio , Geier
Mrs P Kittenring. O iLt yon Krosigly, SS
L M G Peterson, Phil I Geler
H M Meyers. Chicago J S Gatchel, N V
B Thomas. NY :R S Hayes. N V
J H Shields. Chicago IMrs R S Hayes. N V
A L Goodktnd. Mont Asien Tutt, N V
Leo Little, Alaska Miss Bean. N V
G T Rickard and w, Wh Maahams, Portld
Alaska Mrs Maahams, Portld
M F Rickard. Alaska C C Coolidge, San Jose
R J Park. Alaska J Girdwood. N V
Mrs R J Park. Alaska ;P Mendelsohn, N V
\V M Moody, Alaska !H Wach. Boston
S Hellpine, Pa |H E Field, Baltimore
J F Moore. Pa 'Mrs H E Field, Md
V H Blades, Los Ang Q B Llbby, N V
Mrs N T Mellis. N T I
KATLROAD TRAVEL.
MOUNT TAMAL.PAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
.Leave San Francisco via Uauaaltto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY.. October L 1899.
WEEK DAXB-»:30 a. m. and 1.4* p. m.
SCNDAyB-«.». 10:0» a. m. and 1:8 jTm.
Far* 0. F. to Summit and Return, $1 4s.
TKOB. COOK . A SON. A«U.. 821 MarkTt st.
y^TT^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aa^m^'"* 5 ?, EARST - ST ' Establlshrd
KHrii 1 " l«34forthetrpatmentof Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility
Cs2s KEARW ST, P:Btablishcfl
1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility ot
saMgjram» disease wearing on body and mind and
«tlftSBSPftSl ' «in Diseases. Thedoctorcnreswhen
UllfflUMij utberslall. Try him. Charges low
7*«!^&£SaVnrv» aHrantf*d. Callorwrlte
Dr.J.JP. IBBOM. B*x 1957. 5 an Francisco
BATLBOAP TBAVEL. J
SOUTHEBX PACIFIC COMPAMT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trains leave and arr dne to itrrlv* »l
SAN FKANCIVCO.
1 (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — Fro* OcTQBJtK 29, 1899. — ABBrv
•7tOO a Benicia, e«isun and Sacramento.... »7i4.1f
•7jO«a MarysTille, Orotille tia . Woodjand,
Elruira, Vacaville and .... n:43p
•7:00 a Shasta Express-Davis, Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland .......... *7:45r
•7iB»a Martinez, Hamon, Vallejo. apa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa •Oi\or
•11:00 a Tho OTerland > Limited— Ogden,
Omaha, Chicago # 5il0»
••iSOASau Jose, LiTennore, Stock ton,
. lone, Sacramento, Placerrille, ....
MarysTille, Chico. Kedllhifl •4tl»r
•SiSO A •Milton, Oakdaleand Konora 4: :? r
•D:OOa Haywarda, Niks and Way Stations. •! II :«a
•9iOOa Atlantio Kxpress— Ogden and East *U:4»A
*B:OO a Martinez, Tracy, Latlirop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno .'. •l»:l»r
•oiOOa Port Costa, Fresno, MojaTe and Los
■Anßele* IS,,
•10:00 a Vall-j Martinez and Way Stations *' ! V'
•1 I:OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. *2:1»P
•12:00k Jules, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, llanford, Vlsalia, #
PorterTlUe. , !i s *%*
tliOOrSaoramentolttTerStenrners |8:« op
•8:00p Hay wards, Niles and Way Stations. # 3:-i&P
•4:OOp Martinez, San Itanion. Vallejo,
Napa, Oallstnga, Santa Itoßa •»il»»
•4iOOp Benicia, Vacavllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarjSTlllo, Oro»ille '£ S 12 A
•4ißorNlles, San .Toseaud Stockton *7:13»
•s:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakensfleld, Baugiis for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angles . 2 ,5 A
•5:30p Stockton, Merced. Fresno 'la:!!**
*StUUp Fresno, Hakerotield, Santa B»rl>ara,
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East •Si4B a
•3iBOp Santa Vo lloule— Atlautlo Express •- ■
for Mo]a»e ami Kant 1? .?*
••tOOp Haywards, KilesaudSan Jose Tl'ti 4
+«::iOi' Vallejo M«tl»»
•oi3up Oriental Mall— Ogden and East »8:50»
17i«Op Vallejo, l'ork <Josta and Way Sta-
tions „•«•• *■*«»«*
•Bi»sr Oregon and California Jsxpr»Bs.Hao-
<>:• rftinento. MarjsTllle. neii-Uiif,
Portlimii. Piigf l Hound and liast *»tIOA
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «auge).
i (Foot of Market Street.)
' •Bslsa Newark.Outerville,San Joee.FeUon. "
BoulderCreek.SantaOruzaudWay
Stations ••••• •StStf
tailsp Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
. Santa Cruz and Principal *»..^__
• Stations ••• : 2J A
•4il3p Newark, San Jose, Lob 0at05....... "Diao*
sllilSp Hunters" Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations I" 1 **?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
Fr»mS4S FR&HCISCO— Foot or M.rktt SlMit (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0Oa.U. }1:OD *3:00 J3:0B
♦4:00 *B:00 *8:00r.u.
rrtmOilLAHD— Foot of Bco»dw»j.— "6:00 8:00 10:00*
■ tia:OO »l:00 t3:00 *3:00 U--03 "8:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (nrosd Gauge).
(Third mid Townsend Sts.)
<O: lOa Ocean View, South San Francisop. . t««SOr
»7:OOa flan Jose and W»y Stations (New
Aluiadeu Wednesdays only) "liM*
•ttiOOA San Jose, Tres l'lnos, Santa Crui,
Pacilic (in)ve. Paso Hoblcs, han
Jails Ol.Upo, Surf, Lompoo aud
Principal Way Stations .......... iJ'SJ'
•lO:4aASanJoMRn«I Way Stations *[|MA
•11<»Oa San Jose and Way Stations. ....... ■«»««©»
42i45pSan Mateo, Kedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jose, : .
Tres Pinos, Want* Crux. Salinas.
Monterey and Pacific Orore «O«BSJ*.
♦B:»Op San Jose aud Way Stations ........ !X : s°. P
jUISr San Joteaud Principal Way Stations ~%-*3l
♦SiOOpSanJoseandPrindpal Way SUtions t»:OOA
*5:8 Op San Jose and Principal Way Statious » ! *»»A
•«:HOp San Jose and Stations t»«O«A
Hl:4sp San Jose and Way Stations «7i<W
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Daily. t Sunday excepted. I Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO]
LjH3SSE3HI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFW
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Parry, Foot off Mwfc*t «*.
SAN CISCO l 'iO SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DA 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a., m.; 13:85,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trio
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:60
"and ll:M d. m.
j SUNDAYS— 6:OO, 8:30, 11:00 a. m. ; I^o. 8:80.
I ■ 5:00. (5:20 d. m.
I SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 a. m. ; 13:45.
\ 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m.
6VNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
6:26 d. m.
1 Between San Francisco and Schuelren Park
same schedule ac above.
Leave [ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 15. ■ . '
"Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Weelt
Days. days. Destination 1 days. Days.
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
I 8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6 : OS pm 10:25 am
: 6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
7:30 am - Windsor, 19:23 an
Healdsburs;,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
/(SO prn 1:00 am Cioverdals. 7:88 pm 8:21 pra
7:30 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:86 pm 1:12 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerntrllle. 7:85 pm
8:30 pm (:22 pm
7:30 am S :00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 6:00 pm; Glen Ellen. j 6:06 pra 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sevastopol. j 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm - I 7:35 pm, 8:22 pm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bpringn and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Ska#gs
Springs; at Clcverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Sprints. Saratoga Springs, Blue L&kes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hnllvllle, Orr'»
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willltts, Laytonvllle. Oum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, dean's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket a at re-
duced rates. .
On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. "
' Ticket Offices. 660 Market St., Chronic!© bMsj.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager Gen. Paaa. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
w\^^»k: i V ft """"Tftffl"!
I 11l ]^ ■ ""\ IcLßua
IPt^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
=** THE MOST COM FORT ABWB WaY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 630 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNO
. CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
- HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. * VALLEY . ROAD. » ReadTJp.
•7:20 amjSlC:3o ami Stockton ! t3:40 pm| 6:00 pm
: 9:10 am. l 2:05 pm| Merced tl2:10 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am;| 5:35 pml Fresno t9:ooam 2:42 pm
11:3S am,s 7:4"; pm Hanford t7:00 am I:4s pra
2:25 $12:30 am Bakersfleld 11:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am tG:2spm Visalla fs:2o. ami 1:22 pm
12:15 rflhi^tfi: s3 pm| Tulare |4:25 am »l:05 pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. (Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 628 Market st.
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office, 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office. 201 J st.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAULEX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS- » 7:00, *■:*•. U:M a. m.: •1:44.
•3:40. 5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 8:00 and 11:80 p. m. ; _
6UN DAYS- •8.00. •10:00. *U:3O a. m.: n:UL
S:U. •*:*&. 6:30, 1:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentta.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYB-6:25. »6:35. 7:44. •«:40 a. M.i
•12:30. -1:15, *3:40, »6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday! and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
, SUNDAYS-6:M. *8:00. «10:09. »11:4S a. ra.,
•1:40. # 3:15. 4:45. »6:30 p. m. . *
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentta.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. £3
U:35 r 2:35, 3:45, 5:20 p. m. ' - *
; EXTRA TRIPS 00 Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O6. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. 2:15, t:t\
THROUGH TRAINS. tJ^
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and 'ay station*.
%-M a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way station*.
1314
NOME FIELDS
NOW SAID TO
BE ECLIPSED
Cape York Is the
New El Dorado.
THREE MILLIONS ON BERTHA
HUNDREDS OF MINERS HOME
PROM THE GOLDFIELDS.
Typhoid and Malaria Were Causing
Many Deaths at Nome When
the Steamer Sailed—Sui
cide en the Bertha.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
Bteamer Bertha arrived from Cape Nome,
via St. Michael and (Jnalaeka, with 3SO
miners yesterday. She had over $750,000
•worth of gold dust in boxes and about
J250,i»00 in bags, which were placed in the
safe by the miners for safe keeping,
while each miner carried from JSOO all
the way up to $7000 en his person. In
round figures the Bertha brought down
about J3.w3.000.
The returning minors report that the
new find- reporjed by the whalers Is at
Cape York, near Cape Prince of Wales.
Charles Day brought the news of the dis
covery to Norn..-. He had been given up
for dead, as his boat had been picked up
at sea bottom up. His wife had not given
up hope, however, and was at Anvil City
to receive him on his return. Day 6ays
the Caps York diggings are richer than
Nome, and the Nome people say their dis
trict is richer than the Klondike, so out
eiders can draw their own inferences.
While the Bertha was at Anvil City hun
dreds of people were "leaving for the new
placer mines. They are much easier to
yet at than Cape Nome and wood and
•shelter can be procured in limited quan
tities. There will bo a ruiin to Cape York
next spring.
There was a sad fatality on the Bertha
Just before she sailed for San Francisco.
C. Clallin wont to the diggings from
Omaha and did well. He was leaving
for home, where his wife and child await
him, with $i*I,(XH), when he was taken sick
with stomach troubles, and these so
preyed upon him that in a moment of de
pression he blow his bruins out. His body
was brought to San Francisco and will
be sent to his relatives in Omaha.
J. Dinsmore was taken from the Bertha
to St. .Luke's Hospital. During the voy
age he developed typhoid fever and was
a. very sick man when the ship reached
port. He brought from Cape Nome with
lira about $;.o,uoo in gold dust. Another
sick- roan was R. G. Parks. He landed
at Capo Nome with only 25 cents in his
pocket and returns to San Francisco with
925,000 In gold dust in the vessel's strong
box. . ... * *
The men on the Bertha say that typhoid
lever and malaria are very prevalent at
Cape Nome, and, in consequence, there
are live and six deaths daily. There will
be a great deal of suffering this winter,
but the miners will not leave the diggings,
although there are plenty of boats to
bring them to civilization, The Bertha
had a permit to carry twenty more pas
sengers had any of the miners desired to
en me.
The Aloha did not lose her deckload,
but landed every ounce of her cargo at
N/nme. She will bring back a load of pas
sengers and should arrive this week.
E. E. Came of Seattle has chartered the
steamers Charles Nelson and ..-land
to run to Cape Nome and Cape York, via
St. Michael, next year. His charter will
begin next May, so people are beginning
early to get vessels for the trade. Came
Is also building a large steam schooner,
■which will run in connection, with the
Cleveland and Charles Nelson.
The steamer Humboldt will come back
here on November 7 for an overhauling,
and the chances are that she also may go
Into the Nome-York trade next year.
The steamers City of Panama and Aca
pulco arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday. Yellow fever is still
prevalent In the Isthmus, and the crews
of the steamers were not allowed ashore.
while the passengers were fumigated be
fore joining the vessel. The officers of
the Acaitulco think the disease Is being
Stamped out and that when they reach
Panama again the yellow jack scare will
be over.
LANDED AT LAST.
Case of John Piggott, Pickpocket, in
the Supreme Court.
Th*» Supremo Court has upheld the
Judgment convicting John Piggott of
grand larceny. Piggott is, said to on*
of the most clever pickpockets in the
"United States, and he made a grand fight
•using every push and pull he could reach
to get out of trouble. Last February in I
company with Cal. Childs he pickr-il the
pockets of Gregolre Henrfoufle, raking
two purses containing $130. The victim
grabbed and held the thieves until help
arrived. For a while it was believed that i
Piggott would escape on technicalities, '
for although he had been arrested over !
twenty times for similar offenses he had |
always managed to escape conviction.
Patent Case Decided.
In the case of Edwin Norton and Oliver
NT. Norton vs. Milton A. Wheaton United
States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday
rendered a decree in favor of Wheaton,
With cost*. The suit was based on an al-
Jeged Infringement of patent on an im
provement for can-ending machines.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
Mro jpHpji kie
S€ijieiMt^©m
IT CURES
BR REGULARITY
INFLAMMATION
ULCERATION AND
FEMALE WEAKNESS
IT MAKES WEAK
WOMEN STRONG
SICK WOMEN WEEI
IOWA BOYS INDULGE IN
AN EXCITING BOAT RACE
ONE of the most exciting boat
races ever seen on the bay waa
rowed from Hunters Point to
stakeboats anchored off the bat
tleship lowa yesterday. It was be
tween two picked crews from the war
ship, and fully $10,000 changed hands
on the result. The officers were as
much interested in the event as the
men and the band of the flagship
played "See the Conquering Hero
Comes" as the winners passed the
stakeboat.
It was a wonderfully fast race. The
course was four miles long and the
winners covered it in 27 minutes 23
seconds and the losers in 2S minutes
flat. The tide was with the rowers,
but not to any great extent, as it was
nearly slack water. It was expected
that the men would be in an exhausted
condition after their effort, but instead
of that they were as fresh almost as
when they started, and each crew as
sisted in hauling Its boats into the
davits.
The race was the result of rivalry
that came into existence during the
recent boat drills. The first and sec
ond divisions of the lowa's crew are
berthed forward and the third and
fourth divisions aft. Talk led to a
POLICEMEN IN
FARCE COMEDY
IN CHINATOWN
Raiders Are Received
With Open Arms.
•
PROTECTED BY INTUITION
♦- —
MONGOLIANS INVITED TO SEE
THE PERFORMANCE,
♦
Sergeant Duke and His Squad Make
a Grand Stand Play for the
Benefit of the Celes
tials.
Sergeant Duke and the Chinatown
squad made quite a record yesterday
afternoon. Promptly at 3 o'clock four
raids were made on as many lottery
places, or places supposed to be lottery
offices.
As the Oriental gentlemen -who have
charge of the various places saw the s«t
time approach they put their houses. in
order and received the ununiformed police
with open arms and doors. Of course
they had not received any quiet tips re
garding the prospective raids, but their
Intuition or some other occult power hnd
informed them that trouble was impend
ing, and the result was that when the
squads arrived at 815 Dupont street, at
the Tai Loy office on Waverly place, at
the Fook Tal and the Chun Chun* Wing
on St. Louis alley, they were met by the
most innocent looking lot of Mongolians
that could be found in all Chinatown.
That nothing in the nature of evidence
against the places was found was not
the fault of the squads. They were look
ins for evidence, but, unfortunately for
the police, that intuitive power which
told the Chinese the exact hour at which
the raids were to be made also told them
that it would be well to get all "evidence"
out of the way and let the police make a
water haul.
While the raids accomplished nothing no
far as replenishing the treasury of the
city is concerned, they served to afford a
bit of innocent diversion for a number of
Chinamen who had evidently received !n
--formation that "something would be do
ing," for there was much "rubber-neck
ing" among the Celestials in the vicinity
of the places where the grandstand plays
were made, and from the grins or ap
preciation that appeared on the faces of
those who had evidf-ntly been Invited to
witness the fiasco it would appear that the
farce was well played.
HITE CASE ARGUMENTS.
Van R. Paterson Addresses the
Court Morning and Afternoon.
Arguments began in the Hlte case yes
terday morning before Judge Jones of
Colusa, pitting in Judge Hebbard's court
room. The entire day was consumed by
Van R. Paterson in the opening state
ment and he will talk all of this morning.
W. W. Foote will begin his argument
■ this afternoon. Attorney Hanlon closing
I for the plaintiff.
Quite a crowd gathered In the court
j room, anticipating something sensational,
; but disappointment was their only por
i tion. The attorneys did not Indulge in
verbose wars, nor did the only speaker of
the day refer to the many salacious inci
dents of the cam.
Attorney Paterson's argument re
ured a great deal of the testimony, par
ttcularly that which referred to the main
point of his case, the declared marriage
of Lucy, the Indian woman, to John R.
Hlte, the mining millionaire. Paterson
, claimed that the evidence showed that
I Hlte himself declared Lucy to be his wife;
I that she was known by general repute to
j be his wife and that they lived together
for several years. Many cases were cited
I regarding the solemnization of marriages,
and one, an alliance between an Indian
woman and a white man, was read at
length. Paterson claimed that the mar
riage of Lucy and John R. Hite
was solemnized according to the laws and
customs of the tribe, and such a marriage
was valid according to law, following the
| general legal maxim that a marriage
i good where entered into Is good the world
over.
The arguments will not be completed
until Wednesday.
A Million Salmon Eggs.
Alter sampling the canned article the
New Zealanders have come to the conclu
sion that the Chinook salmon of the»Pa-
THE SAIST TR AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1899.
challenge. The boys of the third di
vision said they had a boat* s crew that
could beat a similar on* from the sec
ond division. A match for $10 an oar
and $10 for each cockswain was soon
made and the following 1 crews were
selected: Second division— Pitselo,
Brown (C. O.), Brown (L. A.), Matson,
Bowers, Grandahl, Holeer, Atka,
Rehz, \Cicks, Simpson and Brandruff;
A. E. Moore, cockswain. Third divi
sion—Hansen, Anderson, Quinn, Gocht,
Junior, Bernardo, Dippon, Johansen,
Stowe, Smith, Daley and Rufe; J. Jen
strum, cockswain.
Captain Goodrich of the lowa was
referee and Lieutenant Commander
Noell starter, and Yeomen W. Broad
and George Starr and Quartermaster
Oscar Rose timekeepers.
The second division crew was much
the heavier and had the call in the
betting. Five to four was offered on
its chances, and when the third divi
sion won the toss and secured the bet
ter boat the betting still' favored the
heavy crew.
One of the lowa's launches. In which
was Lieutenant Commander Noell,
towed the two boats to the starting
point. The third division boys wore
black and the second division white
clfic Coast is about one of the finest food
fishes that can be had. Some time ago
the representatives of that Government
requested of the United States Fish Com
mission a lot of the eggs of these fish.
Yesterday four cases containing one mill
lon eggs were sent to the State commis
sion to be forwarded to New Zealand on
the Moana. They came from a hatchery
in Oregon. Much care had to be taken in
packing the eggs, which are placed In
trays surrounded with sawdust and ico.
It Is believed that the Chinook salmon
will do well in the waters of all the Aus
tralian lands, the climatic and other con
ditions being similar to those of this
coast.
COMPANIES ARE RESPONSIBLE
An Agent Cannot Impose Upon an
Uninformed Foreigner.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
judgment of the lower court In the action
! of Joseph La Marche against the New
I York Life Insurance Company. La
■ Marche is a foreigner and agreed with
' the agent of the company to tak,e out a
| policy, his understanding being that the
amount would be $10,000. Not being able
! to understand the English language he
j simply signed his name in the application,
and told the agent to fill out th? blanks.
When the' policy was returned from the
home office it was for only $3000 and Lv
! Marche refused to accept it. However,
1 he had given his note for the first pay
ment and the paper having passed into
third hands he was compelled to pay the
amount after suit. La Marche sued the
company to recover the amount, but suf
i fered a nonsuit in the lower court.
On appeal the insurance company ar
i gued that the wife being a benenciary
] should have been joined in th^ action
with the plaintiff; also that tho agent of
the company was the agent of L.i i
Marche, the latter having told him to fill
in the application blank. The Supreme
Court does not see the case in this light.
I It holds that the plaintiff did not accept
• the policy and thus the wife was not a
; beneficiary; and further that the com-
I pany's agent was not the agent for La
I Marche, for he was not told to Insert in
I the form anything differing from the oral
I agreement.
LITTLE HELD TO ANSWER.
, A Jury Will Have to Decide Whether
He Used His Fist or a Club.
James Little, the rancher from San Jose
charged with assault with a deadly wea
pon upon Attorney W. A. Bowden of that
city, was yesterday held to answer before
' the Superior Court by Judge Mogan, in
i $IWO bonds. Bowden was attorney for
Little's wife in a suit for divorce, and se
cured a change of venue from Judge
Dalngerfleld, October 13, to Sacramento
County. After the parties left the court
room Little attacked Bowden, and, it was.
alleged, struck him on the head with
some dangerous instrument. Little as
serted that he only used his fist, but the
Judge thought a jury should decide upon
the question.
As Little had threatened to kill Bowden,
Attorney Chretien, who represented him,
asked the Judge for a warrant for Little's,
arrest on the charge of threats to kill,
: but on Little's promise that he would not
again molest Bowden Chretien consented
not to press for the warrant.
Roast Teal Duck
Is hard to beat, especially as served at
Zinkand'6. *
BUGGY ROBE THIEF.
Philip Burke Arrested by Coroner
Hill Sentenced to Sir Months.
Philip Burke, a petty larceny thief, ap
peared in Judge Conlan's court yesterday
to answer the charge of petty larceny for
stealing a buggy robe belonging to Coro
ner Hill last Friday. He wus chased by
the Coroner and one of his deputies, cap
tured and handed over to a policeman.
"I had a buggy robe stolen last Friday,"
said the Judge, "and I am inclined to be
lieve that you were the thief. Did you
steal the robe?"
Burke would neither affirm nor deny
that he was the man who stole the
Judge's property, although repeatedly
pressed to give a definite answer to the
question. The Judge convicted him of
stealing the Coroner's robe and sentenced
him to six months in the County Jail.
The War With Spain.
Next Friday evening George C. King,
United States Government Inspector, and
late of Colonel Roosevelt's Rough Riders,
will deliver, under the auspices of San
Francisco Hospltium No. 1 of the Bohe
mians of America, in the Techau Audi
torium, an illustrated lecture on "The
War with Spain." Mr. King, who is a
graduate of the University of California,
has been especially mentioned for bra
very in action and Is possessed of excel
lent testimonials from General Wood and
Colonel Roosevelt, under whom he served.
Died of Heart Disease.
John C. Dial, a clerk residing at 16H
Waller street, died suddenly yesterday
morning of heart disease. He had been
suffering for years. The body was con
veyed to the Morgue, and an Inquest will
bo waived.
jerseys. At 8:24:51% o'clock the boats
w,ere Bent away to an almost even
start. The third division boat had
about two feet the best of It and never
relinquished the advantage. Its boat
made much better weather of it and
eeemed to ride easier than the one In
which were the representatives of the
second division. For over a mile the
boats moved along like a team, but the
second division boat was taking the
back water of Its rival and it soon
began to tell. Inch by inch the third
division drew ahead until six lengths
separated the two boats. Then the
second division spurted and cut down
the lead, but It was of no avail; tho
third division boys held them safe and
won the race by 37 seconds.
There was a great difference in the
style of the two crews. The second
division men started off with a stroke
of from 38 to 40, and after the first
mile had been covered dropped to 36
strokes a minute. The third division
crew started with 34, but soon settled
down to 32, and held that speed to the
end. The men of the first and fourth
divisions are now going to have a
contest, and the winners of both
events will row for a trophy given by
the officers.
TRIED TO END
HIS LIFE IN A
DANCE HALL
Frederick Darrell At
tempts Suicide.
♦
SAVED BY A WOMAN
•
WAS WORRIED OVER THE LOSS
OF HIS WIFE.
•
After Writing a Farewell Note
He Swallows a Concoction
of Strychnine and
Beer.
Hair Crazea from The effects or liquor
and worried over the loss of his wife.
Fred J. Darrell, a recent arrival from
Chicago, last night attempted to commit
suicide in the Olympic dance hall at 105 !
Grant avenue. Darrell, accompanied by I
a friend, was seated at a table engaged in
drinking a bottle of beer. Several women,
among whom was Katie Edington, were i
conversing with some of the patrons,
when they noticed Darrell take out a card
and write on it. After he had tinished I
scrawling a few lines he produced a vial j
of strychnine and started to pour the i
contents into the beer. The Kdington
woman, suspecting that he intended tv
drink the deadly potion, dashed the glass
out of his hand just as he had placed it
to his lips. He pretended that he was
only joking and to the woman claimed
that the poison was quinine. A few min
utes later he ordered another bottle of
beer and poured part of the contents into
his glass. While the woman's attention
was temporarily distracted Darrell emp
tied the contents of the vial into the glass
Before any one could interfere he drank
the poisonous draught. Police Officer Gei
man was quickly summoned, and on
learning that Darrell had taken poison he
had him conveyed to the Receiving Hos
pital. The doctors who attended him
say he will recover.
The message written by Darrell read as
follows:
:I To whom it may concern: If trouble
comes to this Englishman kindly triform
my esteemed friend F. S. Turton, Palace
Hotel."
To the doctors at the hospital Darrell
said that his wife had left him, and as he
had been unable to effect a reconciliation
he had determined to terminate his ex
istence. He bought the strychnine at a
Grant avenue pharmacy and intended
then to go to his room and end his exis
tence. Meeting a friend, he told him of
his troubles, and the latter, hoping to
cheer him up, induced him to visit the
dance hall where he swallowed the
strychnine. ,
To a reporter the would-be suicide said
his name was Floyd Norris. He, how
ever, admitted that he was frequently
known as Darrell. He said he was from
Plymouth, Devonshire. England, ana that
he left his home intending to visit Dawson
City in search of gold. On account of his
wife leaving him he had abandoned the
trip and resolved to die.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD,
Wills Filed for Probate and Letters
of Administration Asked.
The will of Emile Duncan, who died on
the 24th inst., leaving property valued at
about $5000, was filed for probate yester
day. Decedent bequeaths his entire es
tate to his sisters, Mary A. B. Duncan
and Emma Duncan, share and share
alike.
The will of Jefferson D. Smiley, who
died OctobeT 15, was also filed for probate
The testator devises his estate, valued at
$2500, to his wife, Anna H. Smiley.
Margaret Shanahan has applied for let
ters of administration upon the $600 estate
of Kate Riley, who died December 2, 1894.
Don't drink the first thing the bartender
offers. Call for .Icss^ Moorp "AA" whiskey.
Names Stricken From the Roll.
The Election Commissioners at their
meeting yesterday struck from the roll
the names of 129 voters who could not be
located at the addresses registered. The
commission also appointed a number of
new election officers in place of those who
had failed to qualify. Salary demands
were passed to the amount of $9000. Bids
for constructing the new warehouse at
Harrison and Seventeenth streets for the
storing of election booths were ordered
advertised.
BORLAND WEDS
MINNA WOOD AT
REDWOOD CITY
Sequel to an Attempt
at Suicide.
STORY OF AN ANTIQUE GUN
ABSINTHE, A BULLET AND A
GAY BLONDE.
The Happy Couple Sacrifice Their
Honeymoon and Pledge Min
ister, Officers and Oarralous
Friends to Secrecy.
Guy H. Borland has supplied the tea
tables of the gossips with another de
licious morsel. The young man, it will be
remembered, occupied the public stage
for a few days in June because he shot
the contents of an antique derringer into
his abdomen. There always was a haze
of mystery around the affair, in which
floated the shadowy forms of the tender
loin and the golden hair of a dashing
blonde. Borland is now the loving hus
band of the blonde.
Every effort was made to keep the mar
riage a secret. Even the boon com
panions of the happy couple were left in
the outer darkness of ignorance. A week
ago Borland and the lady who is now his
wife went hurriedly to Redwood City,
where on October 24 they secured a mar
riage license. They were accompanied by
J. Connolly and a Aiiss Cunningham. Rev.
Mr. Martin of Redwood was summoned
and the nuptial knot was tied. The min
ister and County Clerk were cautioned
to preserve the greatest secrecy and the
bridal party returned to this city. As
yet they have not let their closest friends
into the secret, but somehow such things
escape and gossip tongues aTe already
quietly wagging.
Borland's love romance began several
months ago. While his marriage license
records the fact that he is 25 years of age,
ho acts and looks much younger. His
wife, the record reads, is Minna Wood,
aged 23 years. To a wide circle of friends
she has been known as Dorothy Woods,
a lady one would suspect to be some
what more than 23 years old. In the
early part of this year Borland's father,
who is resident representative for the
National Surety Company, went East on
business.
His son seized the opportunity to enjoy
a sweep through the tenderloin. His du
ties as rlerk to his father received little
more than a perfunctory attention and he
became one of the gayest of the small fish
in the famous district. He gave much of
his time to the blonde lady and for we^ks
managed to cut quite a figure. Then he
showed the very bad taste to take to ab
sinthe. On June 6 he entered his father's
office presumably to attend to his after
noon duties. He went into an inner of
fice and very quietly shot a bullet from a
derringer into his abdomen.
The report was not heard and young
Borland left the office unobserved. He
wandered around town for the afternoon
ami at 3 o'clock the next morning called
at an uptown sanitarium. He showed the
surgeon his wound and asked if it could
be fixed up. Results proved that it could
be and Borland dropped from public view.
Shortly .ifter he loft his father's ofhce
that afternoon the blonde lady called. She
evidently suspected something and after
being told that Guy was out she left and
did not return.
As soon as he recovered Borland re
sumed his wooing and the marriage of a
week ago was the result.
LEAVES THE OLD ROW.
The Burlington Route Opens Hand
some New Offices on Market
Street.
B\V. D. Sanborn, general agent of The
Burlington route, is at last in his new of
fices at 631 Market street under the Pal
ace Hotel after having been on Montgom
ery street for over twenty years.
There is as wide a difference in the ap
pearance of the new offices when contrast
ed with the old, as there is in the loca
tion of the two. The old offices were good
ones in their day, but they were of the
past while the new ones are not to be
surpassed by any railroad headquarters
on the street. All the desks, chairs, coun
ters settees and general furniture are of
quartered oak and have been constructed
in accordance with special designs of the
artistically inclined general agent. The
floor Is handsomely tiled and is divided
from the delicately tinted ceiling and
walls by a beautiful border of
The pictures, which are tastefully dis
tributed here and there, are no cheap ad
vertisements, but genuine works of art,
and every bit of upholstery in the entire
place is of the most expensive embossed
leather.
A private passage-way opens from Mr.
Sanborn's private office into the Palace
grill and Mr. Sanborn cordially invites as
many of his friends as care to come to
show up at the noon hour to-day nd at a
little wine lunch help him celebrate his
' removal to his new and handsome quar
ters.
SUICIDE BY GAS.
A Young Waiter Unable to Secure
Employment Killed Himself.
Charles Blanco, a waiter, 24 years old, re
siding at 675 Mission street, committed
suicide last Sunday night by inhaling the
fumes of illuminating gas in his room.
He had closed the window and had
stopped up the keyhole, after writing a
note in pencil, reading as follows:
"To Whom It May Concern: Excuse me
for the trouble I will give you, but I can't
help it. I have tried and have failed to
?et work, and come to the conclusion that
may as well die as to bum around the
city doing nothing. I tried to get work In
the country, and spent $7.50 to go to Los
Angeles, and failed there and had to
spend $7.50 again to get back. It has
driven mo crazy.
"CHARLES BLANCO."
Coroner HUI will hold an Inquest to-day.
Dr. O'Donnell Will Win.
Sine© Dr. C. C. O'Donnell recovered
from his sickness he has succeeded In
turning the tide of public opinion In his
favor, and now his election to the office of
Coroner Is a certainty. The people realize
that Dr. O'Donnell's administration as
Coroner was the best we ever had In this
city. It is just that the founder of the
public Morgue should have the honor of
occupying the new Morgue building when
completed in January. •
Nevills' Suit Answered.
Prince A. Poniatowskl. T. S. Bullock
and the Jamestown Improvement Com
pany filed answer yesterday to the suit
brought against them by W. A. Nevllls
to recover $25,148 50. alleged to have been
expended by the plaintiff at the instance
and for the benefit of the defendants. All
defendants make general denial to Nevills'
allegations, and the Jamestown Company,
In a cross-complaint, alleges that Nevills
Is In Its debt for a large sum of money
and It prays that after an accounting is
had that judgment be entered against
Nevills for the amount found due.
Charged "With Robbery.
Sam W. Clement, alias W. Clement,
alias W. Roach, alias W. Gordon, an ex
convict, and Ethel Griffin were arrested
yesterday morning by Policeman Green
an and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of robbery. F. W. Wintle, a vis
itor rrom the country, met Ethel Sunday
night, and she took him to the France
Hcuse, 149 Third street. When he
awakened yesterday morning Ciement
was in his room, and he discovered that
$15 had beon taken from his pockets.
Weekly Ministerial Meetings.
Rev. S. M. Woodward of the Potrero
Methodist Episcopal Church read a paper
before the Methodist ministers yesterday
morning. At the Congregational minis
ters' meeting the Rev. R. L.. Bevan, D. D.,
LL.D., of Australia delivered an ad
dress.
2-IflJft's.
Jss -^* i * h '*' x *"»*»*»*» -^ •
see dollyland
in the basemen 1
— a grotto of
gayety and good
goods for good
children.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
it's the time for good underwear — time to provide
for health and comfort — time to come to Hale's for it.
lil nrpH inf»Vpf<: Sfcfi I ladies' imported pure wool Sw
Liiorea jacKeis tpO. ribbed vests, in rose pink, salm
Jf^Mf something un-
JUJjL usually good and
J^jSw new; just in by
x jflOfg. express, 30 fine
*&*Tjr tan covert jack-
j^JLjT ets, half silk
/^i2^h-\ lined, 6-button
/ \-n,iM^vy , fronts, finely
/ ) ° ~^l)x tailored to sell
/ X o <jh\) at $6.50. Here
V \Jl\ &// " day for
Y^kjA $5 Each,
tailored suits
27 ladies' tailor-made suits, in navy
cheviots; 6-button front Jacket, silk
lined throughout; new skirt, lined
with best percaline; jacket and skirt
tailor strap finished; made to sell at
$18; here to-day at $15
comforters
20 bales double bed comforters, fig-
ured, silkaline covered, white cotton
filled, wool knotted.... 95c each
flannels
fleecy flannelettes, 27 inches wide,
light colors, pinks ■ and blues, in
stripes and checks 7c a yard
25 pieces French flannel, figures
and dot patterns; excellent for shirt
waists; 27 inches wide 50c a yard
35 pieces Scotch tennis flannel, me-
dium and light • colors, suitable for
men's shirts, children's dresses and
ladies' skirts; 32 inches wide; the
regular 25c quality; at 18c a yard
ADMIRAL DEWEY
TO TAKR A BRIDE
Betrothed to Mrs. W. B.
Hazen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 30. — Admiral
Dewey announced to some of his more in
timate friends to-night the fact of his en
gagement to Mrs. W. B. Hazen of ihis
city. Mrs. Hazen Is the widow of General
Hazen, formerly chief signal officer of the
army, who died about ten years ago, and
is a sister of John R. McLean, Democratic
candidate for Governor of Ohio. Mrs.
Hazen has no children, and since her
husband's death has made her home with
her mother. She is a woman of large
means, about 40 years of age and popular
in the best society circles of Washington.
The date for the wedding has not been
fixed.
The news of the admiral's engagement
first became known to-night when the ad
miral announced the fact to a few of his
friends. Later in the evening he visited
the Lafayette-square Theater, and while
there also acknowledged the news to
some of his near friends and to Secretary
Long, who occupied one of the boxes.
While the date of the wedding is not
definitely known, the understanding is
that it will take place some time during
November.
Rumor has connected the names of the
admiral and Mrs. Hazen for some time,
but little attention was paid to the mat
ter It was at the house of Mrs. McLean,
the mother of Mrs. Hazen, that the ad
miral stopped when he came to Washing
ton after his return from Manila. Pre
vious to his departure to take charge of
the Asiatic squadron two 'ears age he
had been a visitor at the house.
The admiral's lirst wife died in ibtZ. She
was the daughter of a former Governor
of Vermont. One child from that mar
riage, a son. Is now living in New lork.
General Hazen, the former husband of
Mrs Hazen, died on the 16th of January,
1887, and a son from their union died last
Mrs Hazen has long been a social fa
vorite in Washington. She is possessed
of an attractive personality, of most
gracelul manners and has a brilliant
A. delegation of citizens of Tennessee
were among the first to learn of th« ad
miral's engagement. Headed by Represen
tative Games of that State, they called
early in the evening to extend an invita
tion to the admiral to be present in Nash
ville on the occasion of the return home
of the First Tennessee Regiment from
Manila. Admiral Dewey urged the pres
sure of official duties, including the meet
ing- of the Philippine Commission, which
would prevent his accepting the invita
tion There were other matters, also, he
said, which intervened to prevent his
coming, and he finally admitted that he
had just secured the promise of Ms in
tended bride to become Mrs. Dewey.
The admiral was warmly congratulated
by the members of the delegation.
BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT.
Presentation Convent Alumnae Make
Final Arrangements.
The Alumnae of the Presentation Con
vent held a special meeting last night at
the convent hall on Taylor and Ellis
streets to make final arrangements for
the benefit entertainment to be given at
Golden Gate Hall, Sutter street, on Fri
day evening, .November 3. The commit
tee on programme reported that it had
secure some fine amateur talent for the
occasion and the price of admission has
been fixed at 50 cents. Following la the
programme in detail:
Overture. League of the Cross band; chorus.
Alumnae Choral; whistling solo, Mrs. Savage;
specialties Claire Fex; barytone solo, Charles
V. Drady^ recitation. Miss Charlotte Johnston;
mandolin solo (a) Nocturne (Chopin), (b) Tar
antelle (Mezzacapo), Samuel Adelstein; soprano
solo, Miss May Kavanagh; piano solo (a) valse
(Moszkowski). (b) theme and variations (No
lan). Miss Clara R. Nolan; vocal duet, Messrs.
Manlloyd and Sandy; violin solo, M. Holmes:
barytone solo, H. W. Brown; flute solo, Louis
Burris; contralto solo. Miss Queen Montgomery;
fancy dance, Mise Gertie McArdle and Miss
Helena Bredhoff; farce. •'The Loan of a Lover,"
Western Addition Dramatic Company.
Dr. Parker's Cough ( me. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it, 25c. All druggists.*
Debs Speaks To-Night.
Arrangements have been completed for
the lecture to be delivered by Eugene V.
Debs at Metropolitan Temple this evening.
Mr. Debs will arrive from Seattle this
morning. At that city his address was
listened to by an immense audience. He
will leave to speak in Los Angeles im
mediately after the meeting here.
The committee of arrangements thanks
the following individuals and organiza
tions for their donations, which alone
have made it possible for the citizens of
San Francisco to hear Mr. Debs:
Mayor James D. Phelan, Horace Davis,
the Emporium, Weinstock. Lubin & Co.,
Hale Bros.. Roos Bros., and many other
leading citizens and friends of Eugene V.
Debs The unions that have made con
tributions are: Brewery Workmen, Car
penters 1 Union No. 483, Carpenters' Union
No. 304, Typographical Union No. 21, Coop
ers, Woodworkers, Bricklayers, Horse
shoers, Cloakmakers, Ladles' Tailors,
Milkers and Paperhangers.
At a later date the committee will issue
a complete statement. All expenses have
been met by the contributions which
poured in from these different sources
and the meeting will be free to the pub
lic. The Brewery Workmen will parade
Eale'a.
lessons given in
burnt leather and
Mexican hand-
stamped work for
fancy articles
and Christmas
presents.
Market Street.
ladies' imported pure wool Swiss
ribbed vests, in rose pink, salmon
pink, natural, black and white; hand-
somely finished, with high neck and
short sleeves; sold regularly at $1.25;
we bought 50 dozpn in a fortunate
way, and while they last we can make
the price S9c each
ladies' jersey ribbed non-shrinkable
wool vests and pants; heavy fall
weight, full 60 per cent wool; gussets
in sleeves and silk shell edge down
front; pearl buttons and covered
seams; pants with French sateen
yoke bands, buttoning at side; lib-
eral cut; sizes 4, "> and 6; regular price
7nc a garment; there is nearly a hun-
dred dozen to go at 48c each
ladles' fine ribbed Australian wool
vests and pants, heavy weight, non-
shrinkable; color, light tan; pants
with extension band; sizes 4, 5 and 6;
regular dollar garments; at.. B9c each
trimmed hats reduced
all our trimmed hats, including
Paris pattern hats, have been greatly I
reduced; among the lot is a line of
$6, $7, $7.50 and $8 hats, from our own
workrooms, reduced to $5
Fedora trimmed hats, with roll of
soft net and quill. In pearl, black,
brown, national and green 50c
young folks' hose
misses' and boys' bicycle or 2xl
ribbed black cotton hose, "fall weight,
seamless and elastic; extra double
knees, heels and toes; regular price
20c a pair; about a hundred dozen in
sizes 6 to 10; at 14c a pair
$1.65 a dozen
children's fine ribbed fast black
lisle thread hose, smooth finish, deep
glossy black: double knees, heels and
toes; good 25c hose; sizes 6 to 9%; at
3 pair for 50c
with a band of music and march to
Metropolitan Temple in honor of the noted
lecturer.
National Union Entertainment
io increase the sociability among the
membership of the National Union there
will be given this evening in Golden Gate
Hall an entertainment under the auspices
of the National Union Social and Literary
Club, which is under the patronage of the
San Francisco Cabinet of the Union. A
high-class programme of seven numbers
will be followed by dancing. The com
mittee of the club is W. W. Hea'v, E. A.
Kidd, J. N. Bunting and F. H. Hastings.
Stenographer Baker Resigns
Port Collector Jackson received yester
day the resignation of E. Perclvale Baker,
stenographer for the Chinese Bureau, to
take effect to-morrow. Mr. Baker stated
in his communication that he had been
engaged as agent for a large coal oil de
veloping company, and was therefore
obliged to sever his connection with the
buieau. The resignation has been accept
ed, and Mr. Baker's successor will be ap
pointed in a day or two.
Home Life in Dixie.
Next Friday evening Dr. S. A. Steel of
Mississippi will lecture before the Young
Men's Christian Association at their audi
torium. Mason and Ellis streets on
"Home Life in Dixie During the War. "
Dr. Steel, as a young man. passed throuph
the bitter experiences of the civil war and
has many interesting and amusing rem
iniscences to relate which daptivate his
audiences.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I HURRAH! HURRAH! |
| OIL! OIL! OIL! OIL! I
I That's the way we feel now. We not B
only have oil. but we have the most Ej
valuable report on oil lands ever made n
In California. When such a man as M. £1
M. Ogden, one of the greatest authori- H
ties on oil in the United States, and H
field exDert of the tj
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE 1
After a critical examination of a dis- ra
trict, and not knowing of whose land H
he is speaking, designates a certain por- El
tion as beinz the m
MOTHER SOURCE AND POSSESSING
THE MOST PERFECT CONDITIONS
FOR OIL HE EVER SAW— when such
a report is made it is a thousand times
more valuable than If made by an in-
terested party — are justified In feel-
ling jubilant, as we have 640 acres in the
exact geographical center of the place-
designated as the MOTHER SOURCE.
Get full report of the district at our
office and then you can judge intelli- i
gently of the district and know where
to place your Investments.
NO MORE 25a SHARES {
After November sth, and right reserved
to withdraw shares from sale at any
time. We ask you to
U INVESTIGATE THOROUGHLY.
H Mall orders will receive prompt atten- j
tion.
i PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO., 1
H 29 MILLS BUILDING, THIRD FLOOR. I
_ . ♦
COURIAN'S NEW RARE COLLECTION
Just out of the Custom House.
TURKISH OS IPO
PERSIAN IIUUU
WILL BE . SOLD AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
Commencing
Wednesday, Nov. Ist,
AT 2 P. M. DAILY.
Goods on view Monday and Tuesday Oct 30
and 31. at
/=\rt Rooms,
125 GEARY ST.
Adjoining the City of Paris.
NOTE— Mr. Courlan. realizing that nothing
was too nne for his patrons In San Francisco,
instructed his agents In the Orient to secure
the rarest and most perfect antiques obtain-
able. This collection represents two years of
their labor and was made specially for this
sale. A. W. LOUDERBACK will conduct the
sale.
■ — -.
niinTlinf" Plles &nd all Rectal
■ 11111 I 1111 l diseases cured or no
KIIH I 1 IkH p*y- No detention
niir I mr f ™™ business. drs.
I 111 I I LJ I MANSFIELD & POR-
■ »WI I UIVL TERFIELD, S3S Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
DR. 'GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
pOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous com-
pln..its of the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wriilt's Mian Teietatile Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED HV THOUSANDS
n of persons who have used them for forty
years to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS.
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver. Weak Slum-
«u»i»- Plmolea and our;. y the blood.