VOLUME LXXXVI- NO. 60.
CARS WRECKED
AND BURNED AT
LACKAWANNA
Engineers of Two Trains Are
Killed and Fate of Many
Passengers in Doubt.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ELMIRA, X. V., July 29. — At 11 o'clock to-night the Erie
passenger vestibuled train No. 7 for Buffalo and Cleve
land, leaving New York at 7 o'clock, was wrecked and
burned at Lackawanra, only two cars escaping the flames. The
train consisted of a buffet car, two passenger coaches and two
Pullman cars. The wreck occurred during a storm which caused
a landslide.
A freight train was first wrecked and the passenger train
plunged into the freight wreck. Both engineers were killed,
but no information about the passengers on train No. 7 is ob
tainable. It is usually a well-filled train in both regular and
sleeping coaches.
The ill-fated passenger train passed Port Jen-is at 10:25 p.
m. and half an hour later was a burning heap. Nothing is known
about the passengers, but in each sleeper for Buffalo and Cleve
land are at least a dozen passengers.
ii the darkness of to-night's storm work at the wreck is
slow and but little will be known until daylight. Xo Erie train
from Xew York will be likely to reach here until late on Sunday.
Extra Erie train Xo. 3 will be made up at Susquehanna. Pa.,
getting to Buffalo at near noon to-morrow. Trains from Xew
ork after 7 o'clock are stopped by the wreck.
A heavy storm prevailed on the Delaware division all day
I a heavy landslide resulted late to-night. The engine, bag
. je car, combination baggage and cafe car and one coach were
surely burned. Stanton Outwater and Timothy Welsh of Port
Jems were the engineer and conductor. There is reason to be
lieve that the Pullman cars for Buffalo and Cleveland were not
oyed and that their c !eeping passengers are safe.
All telegraph lines at the scene of the wreck arc down.
ENGLAND PREPARING FOR
WAR IN THE TRANSVAAL
It Is the Intention to Overthrow the Republic
Unless British Sovereignty Is Formally
Recognized.
NEW YORK. July 23.— A World cable J
rmm London says: Th opinion ex
pressM by politicians of all shades in
th*> House of Commons lobby is that
■war is inevitable, as the Boers' Indlgna
tion at the British demands is so deep
nnd th^ir determination la bo strong
that, even if President Kruger desired
to concede everyihing he would be
overthrown and <;r>noral Joubert would
take the responsibility of fighting. Eng
land will seize the Transvaal and over
throw the republic beyond doubt unless
the Legislature at Pretoria adopts a
law giving the franchise without re-
Btriction to every outlander who has
been in the country seven years, and
formally acknowledges British sover
eignty.
The most significant thing in last
night's debate in Parliament was Mr.
Chamberlain's silence when challenged
to say whether a successful war would
NEARLY KILLED BY
PTOMAINE POISONING
Carl Schurz of New York Taken Vio
lently 111 After Eating
Bass.
NEW YORK, July ».— Carl Bchurz nar
rowly escaped death on Tuesday evening
by ptomaine poisoning. He was made
violeMly ill by eating bass. On Wednes
day thore were crave , übts or Ms re
covery and members of the family were
Fiiminonffl to the 'ft .
On Thursday morning ])<» became still
vsnr?* but afterward rallied and speedilj
grow better, He is still confined to nis
bed and is very weak, but will recover.
EDITOR ST. CLAIR BEAD.
"Was Connected With the Newspaper
Business in This City.
CHICAGO. July 29. William D. St.
c.air. an ■ • rtitor and publisher.
<i|p<i ■■ - iy. Mr was at different
,1m, t a ■ apers in <iu
frr<-'iit parts nf ilx i puntry ;m<\ was the
founder of the pennj paper In San Fran
cisco, ft late j ■ • : be< n living
uilt the town of
Happy VVoi
BL6HOP BECKER DEAD.
Had Only Been 111 Since Last Thurs-
day Night.
WASHINGTON, <:-., July 29.— Bishop
Thorn. is A. Becker oi the diocese of Sa
. h died at 830 to-night . He i ame to
■ in take charge
t,f tin summer school. The bishop was
taken Beriously 111 Thursday night and
continued to grow worae until the time of
. ath.
♦
Good Prices for Pears.
Si'lST'N. July Earl Fruit Com
pany's agent here has received Inforrna
• i shipped from
California are realizing good prices in
London. England. Three carloads of
Bartlett pears will be Rhipped this week
to t he British m< tr< poll i.
Nickel Machines Forced Out.
BANTA CRUZ. July 29. Bherifl Bes«e
notified paloon -keepers ;>nd others in
Watsonvlllfl that the nickel-in-the-slot
machines must go and tb< been
obeyed. Some of the machine* were
shipped to Monterey and others to dan
Francisco.
The San Francisco Call.
moan the annexing of the republic or
merely the enforcement of reforms.
The Liberal opposition, though hold
ing in thf main that there is no cause
for warlike Intervention, is afraid a
strongly hostile attitude would bring
on a fresh schism in its own party,
which contains a considerable jingo ele
ment.
England Is making every preparation
j for war. A military officer who is a
j member of Parliament tells the World
I correspondent that he knows eight ad-
I ditional cavalry regiments have just
j received orders to hold themselves in
j r> adlness to embark for the Cape on a
j week's notice, and that regimental re
liefs coming from India numbering 4000
men are being sent by the Cape route
instead of by the Suez Canal, while the
j manufacturing and packing of all kinds
! of ammunition at th» Woolwich Arsenal
; is proceeding with the utmost dispatch.
ANOTHER ADVANCE IN
PRICE OF LUMBER
It Goes Up 50 Cents Straight and the
Demand Continues to Ex
ceed the Supply. f
MINNEAPOLIS, July 29.- Th* Tirm?
will say to-morrow: Lumber v.ill advance
another .71 cents straight on Monday, this
being the fifth marked advance In price.
It has been many years sln<-e there was
such a demand as the present Beason has
shown, and even with the advancing
prices the demand continues to exceed the
supply. In the case of the elevator build
ers, who are using "crlhbing"' In .creat
quantities, there f-.-ems to he an end of
things, and it appears thnt they will soon
have to resort either to the higher grade
cribbing, which is almost 100 expensive
for the purpose, or take to steel for ele
\ 'or buildlnp.
There have been but few years rrhpn so
muc ii activity hns been shown in the ele
vator business. This is partly attrihnted
to the growth of new towns .-iioner the
Great Northern In Northern Minnesota,
and the Minneapolis nnd St. Louis In the
pout lu-rn part, and partly t<-> the excellent
wh'^at prospects this season.
ACCUSED OF HAVING
VIOLATED GAME LAWS
Bertrand York and It. Schilling- Held
at Redding for a Preliminary
Hearing.
REDDING. July 29. Bcrtrand York and
R. Schilling were brought down from i'as
tella on the midnight train last night,
under arrest for violation of the game
laws. The specific charge was that they
linil in thoir possession deer hides from
which the evidence of sex had been re
moved. Both young men attended the
Oakland High School last term. Schilling
la a son of the San Francißco wholesaler
of that name. The young men were re
leased on depositing $25 cash hail each.
Their preliminary examination in the
Justice's' Court was set for next Tuesday
morning. The accused entered a plea of
not guilty, and will fight the case, assert
ing that they have not violated the law.
Alliance in Port.
FT.YMOrTH. Eng., July 23.-The United
States training: ship Alliance, which palled
from New London, Conn.. July 3, arrived
here at 8 o'clock this evening.
SAE" FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 30, 1899-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
FESTIVITIES OPEN
WITH A BIG PARADE
Thousands of Turners From the Interior Arrive
to Attend the Biennial Festival of
the Pacific Turn Bezirk.
Entertained at a Banquet by the San Francisco Verein— The
Athletic Contests Begin To-Day.
THREE thousand turners swarm
ed into San Francisco yesterday
to participate in the seventeenth
biennial festival of the Pacific
Turn Rezirk. which will be held for the
next three days under the auspices of
the San Francisco Turn Verein. In the
evening, as a preliminary to the main
celebration, a reception and banquet
uas tendered to the visiting '.rners in
the Turk -street Turner Hall, which was
attended by fully 200fi people. The
young athletes who are to compete in
The various contests of strength and
skill, which begins to-morrow at Glen
Park, very wisely remained away to
obtain a much-needed rest. The hall
\\;ts prettily decorated with bunting.
American Mass and shields of the
visiting vr reins, and the long tables
completely filled the floor space. Pre
vious to sitting down to the feast about
LOO turners paraded through the streets
headed by a band, and serenaded all
the newspaper offices, the line of march
being marked by brilliant displays of
fireworks.
Henry Maret presided at the banquet
and introduced as the first speaker
Mayor Phe'.an, who delivered a well
chosen address, welcoming the turners
to the city and complimenting them on
the benefits derived from an nrganzia
ti"n like theirs, and suggesting that
much of the success of our gunners in
the late war with Spain was due to
following tin' example set by the tur
ner societies in the I'nited States in
practicing marksmanship. The Mayor's
remarks were vigorously applauded,
and when he took his seat he was given
three cheers and a tiger. The singing
section of th^ San Francisco Turn
Reception to the Visiting Turners at the Turk-Street Hall.
Verein entertained the gathering with
I some excellent singing, and F. Attlnger,
chairman of the committee on arrange
ments. ma<lo a short speech in German.
He welcomed the turners, not only to a
celebration among the Germans, hut
among the Americans, so that they
might illustrate to the latter the bene
fits of physical culture according to the
German system. President John Sim
-1 men of the San Francisco Turn Verein
j welcomed the turners <>n behalf of that
organization, and the speechmaking
closed with a few remarks by Mr.
.Ma ret.
The turners began arriving from the
interior early in the forenoon and they
1 kept, coming by almost every train un
til by nightfall they were in complete.
: and undisputed possession of the city.
First came a double delegation of 250
1 from Sacramento and Marysvillp. They
were followed early in the aftern<nn by
i SCO more from Napa, Stockton and Stm
' Jose, while turners In squads and
couples continued to arrive from
I smaller towns up to a late hour. Among
I the most prominent of the visitors are
i President Dousing of the Sacramento
Turn Verein and Herman Schneider,
vice president <•(' the same organization;
Homy Kracke, president, and 11. Feld
mann, vice president, of the. Oakland
Turn Verein, and A. F. Meyer, presi
dent of the Marysville organization.
The local reception committee, of which
William Placeman is chairman, was on
hand to receive the visitors and assist
them in securing quarter?. The Stock
ton and half of the Sacramento sec
tions were quartered at th^ Golden
West Hotel; the other half of the Sac
ramento section and half of the Marys
ville del. gat ion went to the Ahlhorn
House. The San Jose s^ption went in
a. body to the Golden West. Quarters
for tho Oaklanders were fmind at the
Valencia - street Hotel. The Santa
< 'ruz and N'apa sections s°t in late in
the eveninp: and made themselves com
fortable where they could.
The athletic contests, which are the
feature, of the festivities, will be held
at Glen Park to-day and to-morrow.
The technical committee met yesterday
to make final arrangements for the ath
letic contests to be held this afternoon.
Judges Fred Fischer. Dan Stxieber and
F. Willenbrlnk of the S;m Francisco
Verein, H. C. F. Btatil, D. Priedricha
and F. Pecker of the Kintracht turner
section, John Steegeman, EL Kiesenthal
and John Plato of tho Mission Verein.
F. Lueck, F. Hansmann and G. Kort-
Btern of tho Sacramento Verein. P. M.
If. PtHig, C. Wiedeman of the Oakland
Verein. Louis Henning. H. otter and E.
Bopp of the San Joso Verein. were pres
ent, and K. Barth, technical leader of
the fest, presided. Tho rules of the
North American Turner Bund were
adopted. The contests will include
horizontal iinr work, field sports, high
jump, hop. step and jump, etc., and
each competitor must participate in
two eventf. There will also he singing
contests and a grand concert In Turk
street Turner Hall in the evening.
The various societies will assemble
at R:3O this morning and form for the
grand parade, which will start an hour
later. The column will move up Mar
ket street to Montgomery. Montgomery
to Bush, Bush to Kearny, Kearny to
Market. Market to Eleventh. Eleventh
to West Mission street, where forty
special cars of the Mission-street Elec
tric Koad will be in readiness to trans
port participants t>> the festival
Kroumte, Glen Park. Nearly 100 socie
ties will be represented in the parade.
Following is the complete programme
for to-day:
9:30 a. m., parade; 1:30 p. m., prize com
petition of the Turn Vcroins; prize com
petition <>f Turners in Held sports, high
jump, hop-step and- jump, climbing hand
over-hand; grand march and dumbbell
movement of all athletes. In the Pavilion,
Glon Park— Competitive exercises—
singing by tho following singing societies:
Singing Section Oakland Turn Yorein. di
rector Mr. Henry Kaehlcr; Singrinp; Soo
tion Snn Jriso Turn Verein; Singing' Sec
tion Mission Turn Verein, director Pro
fops.ir A. Rnnz: Sinking: Section San Fran
cisco Turn Verein, director ■ Professor
i Ftanz; prize fencing, prizo shooting, etc
Grand concert at S:3Q p- ni. in Turner
Tliili. 828 Turk street, by the following
singing societies: Freundschafi Sunsrer
bund, singing Bectfon "Teutrihta." singing
section "Eintracht," singing section B;iy
ern Bund, director Professor J. R. Relgr
ger; Arion Singing Society, director Pro
fessor Holzbauer; Harmonic Slneing So
i i< ty. director Professor P. BngeTs; sing
ling section San Francisco Bchwaben Ve
reln, sinking section San Francisco Turn
Verein. singing Bection Mission Turn Ve
-1 rein. Alpcn-Rosel Singing Society. Wal
! haJla Singing Society, director Professor
A. Banz; singing section Oakland Turn
Verein, director Mr. Henry Kaehler;
I singing sfction San Jose Ttirn Verein:
soloists— Miss Minerva de Chent, soprano;
Mr. John Flagemann. barytone. Orchestra
under the leadership of Mr. Louis yon der
Mehden. AXter the concert, reunion of the
singing societies.
Firemen Injured.
NE"\V YORK. July 2 .'.— Fire in aifive-
Btory brick v building at 55 to 59 North
Mnnro to-night did $150,000 damnge.
A dozen. flrpniPii were injured or over
come by smoke. The building was owned
by the Trinity Church Corporation and
was occupied by a number of firms.
FUROR CAUSED
BY DEWEY'S TALK
Admiral's Statement That Our
Next War Will Be With Ger
many Is Criticized.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, July 29.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: Official circles
were considerably upset to-day
by the interview published in the
Herald this morning with Admiral
Dewey at Trieste, in which serious re»
flections are made upon Germary, and
the statement attributed to him that
our next war will he with that coun
try.
Although there is enough in tho offi
cial repents made by Admiral Dewey
while in the Philippines to bear out the
observations reported in tho interview,
both Secretary Hay and Secretary Long
insist that there must be some mistake.
They cannot believe that Admiral
Dewey. who has been so discreet in all
of his public utterances up to this time,
would comment so boldly about inter
national affairs, especially while he is
passing through a European port.
There is no doubt that Admiral Dewey
was suspicious of German Interference
for some time after he first took hold
of affairs in the Philippines. His offi-
cial dispatches puhlished at tho time
and since dearly indicated this. Hut
\b? authorities insist thai a decidedly
bettor leelinp now exists between this
country and Germany, and that Ad
miral Dewey, knowing the desire "f the
administration to encourage this spirit,
would not Intentionally say or do any
thing to promote discord.
Th« rail of the German Minister, Mr.
vnn Mumra, ai the State Department
this morning: gave rise to the report
that ho had come to make some repre
sentation to Secretary Hay concerning
the Interview. "Wh'-n l ask'd Secre
tary Hay, he declared that it was not
true: that the Minister had called upon
an entirely different matter, and that
the Dewey Interview was not men
tioned. He said that no official action
had been taken by the department and
that none would ho, certainly for the
present, for he. could not believe that
Admiral Dewey had been correctly
quoted.
"I am satisfied there must h" som"
mistake," said Secretary Long. "Ad
miral Dewey-could never have made
the statement attributed to him I feel
quite sure. Then I do not see that there
can be any official attention Riven to
the matter."
Minister yon Mumm declined to dis
cuss the Dewey interview in any way.
A member of the diplomatic corps
with whom I discussed the matter Bald:
"My opinion is that the German
Governent will not take any official no
tire of the interview which Admiral
Dewey save to the Herald correspond
ent at Trieste. It differs very mate
rially from the utterances of Captain
Ooghlan, of which the German Govern
ment complained. In this instance Ad
miral Dewey has simply expressed an
opinion. The Herman Government and
the German people and the people of
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Admiral Dewey's country, as well, may
regret that the admiral entertains such
an opinion, hut I do not see that the
German Government would be justified
in taking any action."
DEWEY IS SAID TO
DENY THE INTERVIEW
NEW YORK, July 29.— A World ca
i hi" from Trieste pays: Admiral Dewey
read the alleged interview printed
yesterday, In which he is made to say:
; "Our next war will bo with Germany."
Then he said: "I have no time to
read, l^t alone affirm or deny all the
li<s ami irresponsible rubbish which
have been printed about me since my
arrival In Trieste."
Admiral Dewey says he Is on the.
mrrft friendly terms with Prime Henry
of Prussia, who succeeded Yon Died
richs ;is commander in chief of the Ger
man fleet in Chinese waters.
EDITORIAL OPINIONS ON
THE DEWEY INTERVIEW
NEW YORK, July 29.— The Herald
has received the following editorial
opinions on the Dewey interview:
Chicago Evening Post— Brevity is the
soul of wit, but amplification and quallfl
catlon arc conditions of a right under
; founding. 'Die context of the admiral's
. statements, one feels surf, if intelligently
supplied would take the apparent sting
out of them. What the admiral was led
to observe was, we infer, something Ilka
this— that while the United States was at
peace with every European nation and
had no reason to anticipate trouble, fric
tion In the future was mure likHy to oc
cur in relations with Germany than in
those with Great Britain or any other
power.
The Tribune— Unless Admiral Dewcy has
gone crazy he has said nothing of the
BOrt. It is true that his relations with th*
German Admiral yon Diederichs were not
! as pleasant as those with the commander
■of the British naval forces. It may he
i that in his heart he believes that England
: is "the natural ally" of the United States.
St. Paul Globe— Admiral Dewey, never
having been guilty since the battle of
i Manila Bay of conversing through his
chapeau, the Globe will refuse for the
i present to believe that the chief officer of
i the American navy has said our next war
i will be with Germany.
The Yolks Zeitung— The correspondent
who has telegraphed from Trieste that
Admiral Dewy has said America's next.
war will be with Germany has not even
learned to lie plausibly.
PhiladelphiaKvening Bulletin— This kind
of talk does not comport with the general
'■■ understanding of Dewey's good sense and
■ his sense of official proprieties of his pro
fession. It is not at all unlikely that, he
s.iid it. but he probably never thought
that it was going to rind its way into
G-rman Gazette-Certainly Admiral
Dewey has not said this, or anything sim
ilar to it. The whole country has so far
admired the admiral for his diplomatic
silence, and we doubt that he has broken
! this silence.
Sonntags Journal— We don't bolievfi
Admiral Dewey was correctly quoted, and
! if he was he is in error as to the policy
i of Germany.
Kdito.- Tagehlatt, Socialist organ— l
i hardly believe Admiral Dewey said there
'■ will be a war with Germany. There Is no
i reason fur such a war. The massing o£
German warships In Manila Bay during
the. late war was certainly a. foolish act,
calculated to irritate the people of the
[Tnited States. It was entirely the auction
of the Emperor, who is a very rash young
man.
Milwaukee Journal— Dewey is not a fool.
: ami 30 never said any such thing. Ger
many wants no war with us.
Editor Wastllche Post. Si. T.ouis— l am
convinced that the Interview doeg not
represent the real sentiments of Dewey.
I am Inclined to believe that unless
Dewey'a denial follows .lose on the pub
■ Ucation of the Interview serious result.-;
i will follow-. There will he every r
to believe thai the interview was in
spired by the state authorities, and that
They have followed the advice of the Eng
lish and concluded to have war with Ger-
Post-Pispatch— lf it is true that Admiral
Dewey has predicted that our next war
will be with Germany it is much to h<*
regretted. Such an utterance from bo
popular a hero encourag«s the war spirit,
which is generally all too active In every
pail Of the world.
DEWEY IS UNEASY
OVER COMING HONORS
Special Cable to The Call and the N»w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Jaiwa Gor
don Viennett.
TRIESTE, July 29.- -The Idea of hav
ing the Olympia stop at Marseilles has,
I ;cii Informed, never been Beriously
entertained Genoa will probably also
be left out of the Itinerary- Dewey,
v hu has carte blanche from his Gov
( rnment regarding the mov< moms of
the Olympia, may remain a few weeks
at Naples and about four days at Gib
raltar. He may also st«>p several days
at Leghorn and Maderia, which would,
Including the time t<> be consumed in
< to: sing the Atlantic, bring him t<> New
JTork about Septembi r 30.
The Olympia has recently had a freah
coat of paint and looks remarkably
clean and trim in the water. Admiral
Dewey came on shore at 8 o'clock this
morning, accompanied by Captain
Lamberton and Flag Lieutenant Brum
by. They v. ere joined by Consul Hoss
fi'fln. and the party drove to Lippizia.
th. imp. -rial stud farm, about fourteen
kilometers back in tho hills, where they
u-i <■•• rec lived and Bhown around by the
master of the imperial suid.
The Austrian authorities are sur
prised that so much honor should be
shown at the funeral of an ordinary
Beaman as was Bhown yesterday for
Isaac Kask, only officers getting such a
pretentious funeral in their army and
navy. Admiral Dewey will probably
make his official farewell calls on Mon
day. It is expected thai .Minister Har
ris will be here 'by that time, when
Secretary or Legation Herdliska is to
take leave of 1 »ewej
The admiral and party after visiting
the stud farm this morning continued
their drive across the country to the
picturesque village of s.sana, where
tiny rested and had breakfast. Leav
ing Se^ana. they followed the line nf
the coasi and returned to Trieste in
the afternoon, when a launch took them
back to the Olyrapia.
When I was received by Admiral
Continued on Second Page.2
PRACTICAL TEST OF
MARCONI'S SYSTEM
Messages Interchaoged With a
BallooQ ar)d a Powder Maga
zine Blown Up.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett,
Q t OXDON, July 29.— Wireless telegraphy — Marconi's system —is to #
S? I play no small part in scouting at the naval maneuvers and it is jg
\ | felt that if a fast cruiser at sea scouting twenty miles distant from £?
£► I j thp main fleet can signal to the flagship the ene-my's whereabouts, Cfc
•1 wireless telegraphy will surely have established its claim to super- jg
S sede any system now in force, excellent though, it may be. $*
O> Very interesting tests were tried on Wednesday. Maskelyrie, the fa- w
i? mous wonder worker of Egyptian Hall, was the experimenter. A balloon •*
O was sent up. When almost out of sight messages were sent from the £J
i? earth to the balloon and answers received. Then at a distance of 400
c» yards a powder magazine was blown to pieces by means of wireless g»
T-% telegraphy. Maskelyne affirmed that the "effect would have been quite $
SS the same at a distance of ten miles. It wouid be interesting to hear •?
O Marconi's opinion about this, but as he is with the maneuvering fleets &
*^ we must wait for their return. ■ q
m&om&oxso : «:• •. o•. o % «:••. v # .o%o\ o %c^^c-%v%<:> % o ;; o % o !. osasKes&se
INSURGENTS OF
SAN DOMINGO CUT
TELEGRAPH WIRES
Expect to Make an Attack on
Santiago Under the Leader
ship of Jiminez,
CAPE HAYTIEN, July 29.— Advices just received
from the Dominican frontier say that the insurgents have cut
the telegraph wires in the neighborhood of Santiago de Los
Caballeros and also near Moca. The insurgents in the west
ern part of San Domingo await the arrival of Don Juan
Isidoro Jiminez. under whose leadership they expect to at
tack Santiago.
DEPEND UPON UNCLE
SAM FOR PROTECTION
WASHINGTON, July 20.— Upon in
quiry at the State and Navy depart
ments to-day I was informed that
i ■ lth< r Germany nor any other foreign
power, as far as is known, has dis
patched a vessel to San Domingo. This
is very gratifying to the authorities, for
although i!" Ejection could be made to
any foreign power having a man-of
war in these waters to proteCl its citi
zen? in the event of a revolution they
upon the absence of euch \
n indication that other countries
itisfled to depend upon the United
S to look after foreign interests in
case of an uprising.
many, I am told, has nut a single
of-war on this station, her North
Atlantic squadron having recently been
withdrawn t> participate In the au
tumn maneuvers at Kiel. It was st.-iU'<l
that a vessel was to be
■ to Guatemala t" demand the pay
ment of debts due to certain German
ts, but the Navy Department has
•een informed of lv-r departure.
The only possible fear of any undue
rence in affairs in San
Domingo has been from Germany. It
is known that she has some interests
- i, and it has been stated
that some of the Herman residents are
in sympathy with Jiminez, who is said
*•■ !»■ heading a movement antagonistic
to ;i legitimate successor of Heureaux.
Whi . 3e, keeping a careful
that there is no foreign
interference, the immediate work of the
two men-of-war to be sent to San Do
mingo will be to protect American citi
zens. If n< cessary marines will be land
ed to protect the American consulate
and American property. The moral ef
; sr-nce of these ships
will, the authorities hope, be .sufficient
to put a damper on any revolutionary
movements. Secretary Lons; said to
day that he i xpected that the Machi&s
would reach San Domingo city by Mon
day. Hf-r repairs have been expedited
so that she will be able to sail from
St. Thomas to-morrow evening.
The- New Orleans will sail from New
lay, and ought to reach the
OCEAN TRAVEL.
»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦++ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+
A COOL
PROPOSITION
And a Sure. One.
The Body Does Not Feel
Heat Unpleasantly
I? Proper Food Is U«?d.
GRAPE-NUTS SUPPLY IT.
KEEP COOL FROM PROPER HOT
WEATHER FOOD.
People can live in a temperature
which feels from ten to twenty degrees
cooler than their neighbors enjoy, by
regulating the breakfast. This is a
proceeding to which people who care
for physical comfort in hot weather are
giving careful attention.
The plan is to avoid meat entirely for
breakfast; use a goodly allowance of
fruit, either cooked or raw. Then fol-
low with a saucer containing about four
]i*-aping teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts,
treated with a little rich cream. Add
to this about two slices of entire wheat
bread, with a meager amount of butter,
and serve one cup of Postum Food
cv.fr,--.
If one prefers, the Grape-Nuts can be
turned into the cup of Food Coffee,
giving a delightful combination. I'.y
This selection of food the bodily energy
is preserved, while the hot, carbona-
ceous foods have been left out. The
result is a very marked difference in
the temperature, of the body, and to
this comfortable condition is added the
certaintj of easy and perfect digestion,
for th" food is readily worked up by the
ye machinery.
Experience and experiment in food
and its application to the human body
has brought out these farts. Thoy can
be made use of and add materially to
the comfort of the user. Price, 15 cents
per package.
waters of the Dominican republic
next Wednesday night.
MEASURES TO REPEL
POSSIBLE ATTACKS
PORT DE FRAXCE, Island of Mar
tinique, July 29. — Tranquility prevails
at Monte Cristo, but all the people are
anxiously awaiting the important
events which it is expected will occur
shortly.
Genera] Picharde, the Governor of
the city, has taken all possible meas
ures to repel any attack which may be
made by the followers of Senor Juan
Jiminez, one of the candidates for the
1 'residency of the republic.
It i? said that General Picharde has
advised the Government to issue a de
cide proclaiming amnesty for all Do
minican exiles, with a view to appeas
ing the people.
At Labega Keal General Don Pedro
Bobea has taken steps to suppress out
breaks should any occur.
Ip to the present time perfect order
has li">-n maintained, but notwith
standing that fact all law abiding cit
izens have been called upon to bear
arms and hold themselves in immedi
ate readiness for service.
At Hoca, where the people criticize
harshly the laxity of the Governor,
General Juan Gonznles, many versions
are in circulation regarding- the killing
of the President. One has it that the
assassin shot him with the muzzle of
the weapon held close to Heureaux's
breast, crying as he fired the fatal
shots: "Ah, tyran, tv nest tpas digne
de gouverner plus longtemps." (Ah,
tyrant, you are not worthy to govern
longer.)
Almost before the words were ottered
the President feil as if struck by light
ning with a bullet through his heart.
Other accounts say the President \vas
stricken by several bullets and that the
assassins made their escape on horses,
which had been provided and were held
, in readiness for them by friends.
General Pedro Pepil, the Governor of
Santiago, is acting with the utmost en
: ergy and has succeeded in overawing
the enemies of the Government. The
. greatest quiet reigns throughout the
city.
The population of Porto Plata are
; convinced that the grave events that
| have occurred are due to incessant agi
tation. It is known that Jiminez and
his partisans will not delay, but intend
to disembark either at Porto Plata or
I Monte Cristo.
Jiminez is not a popular candidate
I for the Presidency, as it is believed he
! would ruin the country in the course
of time and desires simply to make a
'■ fortune for himself and enrich his fam
: ily and friends.
It is said that the Governors of all
! the provinces are disposed to energet
! ically defend the existing Government.
The merchants of Porto Plata have
held a meeting and decided to continue
to accept the paper money of the coun
: try for a period of thirty days.
Summing up the situation, it may be
1 said that a majority of the people seem
■ to be" favorable to the present Govern
; ment.
HAD DYNAMITE IN
HIS POSSESSION
NEW YORK, July 29.— Francis J. Cur
j ran, formerly a motorman on the Second
! avenue underground trolley lino, was ar
j raignotl to-day in the Police Court and
held in $1000 bail on a charge of having dy
namite in his possession. The detectives
who arrested him alleged that Curran mi
i tended to cause an explosion on the Sec
ond-avenue trolley tracks.
City Inspector of Combustibles Murray
: said tO the police magistrate that he hail
examined the stick or dynamite found on
f'urran. It was- ready for use. being filled
with fulminate of mercury, and would
' have exploded if a car had sturck it. He
•hat the explosion of the dynamite
! contained in the stick would have blown
up the tracks, wrecked the car and killed
j all on board.
CHARRED BODIES FOUND
IN RUINS OF A HOUSE
i
DAT,T,AS, July 29.— At an early hour
i this morning three large boarding houses
nt the Corner of Live Oak street and
Pacific avenue were destroyed by lire.
ThcfihirrriJ remains of Mrs. John Far
! ham and her 10-year-old son were found
, to have been crushed and the police are
■ working on the theory that a double mur
der has been committed and the building
( lired to cover up the crime.
Oil Well Ablaze.
FRESNO. July 20.— The Homo Oil Com
pany's plant on well No. 4, in the Coalinga
oil belt, was destroyed by fire to-day, in
cluding about 1000 barrels of oil. The fire
broke out at 7 o'clock this morning and
burned all day. At intervals of a half
hour the flames would shoot into the air
300 feet high. The origin of the lire is
unknown, Loss $5000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., STJKPAY, JULY 30, 1899.
ENGLISH VIEWS ON THE
BOUNDARY CONTROVERSY
Pyramid Harbor, Lynn Canal, Alaska, With the British Warship
Pheasant in the Foreground.
PYRAMID harbor, while formerly not often spoken of, or nearly so -well known as Dyea, and Skaguay, a little
farther to the north on the shorter and more popular routes to the Klondike, has lately become a place of
much importance. It lies on the western side of Chilkat Inlet, just above its mouth, about five miles below
Haines Mission on the other side. Since the summer of 1897 it has been the starting point for parties driving
cattle into the Klondike over the Dalton .trail, which follows the Chilkat River as far as the boundary line,
and since the discovery of gold on Porcupine Creek, a branch of the Klaheena River, which flows into the head of
Chilkat Inlet, it has become the landing place for parties bound thither. A fair road has been opened from Pyramid
to Porcupine City, with branches leading to other mining camps in the district, as well as to the station of the Ca
nadian mounted police, which has been for some months established about three miles above Porcupine City and
some thirty miles inside of the boundary line claimed by the United States. The presence of these police, and their
interference with the location of claims in this vicinity, has more than once threatened to lead to bloodshed.
Pyramid harbor If the natural terminus for the most feasible all-rail route from deep water to the Klondike,
which would nearly follow the Dalton trail to the Yukon below Fort Selkirk, which doubtless explains Canada's earn
est desire for its possession.
Copyrlghted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON*, July 29.— The Alaskan
, boundary dispute again looms large
i in the newspapers and a heated dis
cussion is raging for and against the
last suggestion that a harbor should be
leased to Canada. The official view
j seems to favor this compromise as a
' general basis for a friendly arrange
! ment. It is pointed out that as the
j United States. Canada and Great Brit
! am have to live as neighbors and in
. their hearts desire to live as friends,
neither side can afford to assume a non
possumus attitude or act as if it was
j the last transaction to be arranged, and
I as the main question' at issue, though
almost lost to view among the multi
| tude of irritating side issues, was a
means of ea^y access to the Klondike,
j the lease of a harbor would seem to be
| the practical need of Canada.
On the other hand the Saturday Re
view voices the feeling of a considera
: ble section of the people in pointing
out that by accepting the suggested set
i tlement Canada debars herself from
| again raising the question of territo
| rial right and becomes a mere licensee
I where she claims to be the owner in fee
I simple. Many think the proposed com
| promise would lead to endless compli
FUROR CAUSED
By DEWEY'S TALK
Continued from First Page.
I Dewey in his cabin on board the Olym
pia I could not help remarking how
much better he was looking, how much
clearer was his complexion and how
! much brighter was his expression. At
this he seemed pleased and said:
"I go ashore nearly every day for
walking or driving exercise. It is hard
for me to walk, as I have been so long
leading a rather sedentary life on board
ship, and especially under the unfavor
i able climatic intluences of Manila. I
walk about the deck a great deal and
am gradually getting back my powers
of locomotion and will soon try and
manage the hills."
He said he was doing very well, but
■ still felt that he was not fully and en
\ tirely right as regards his digestive
troubles. After referring to dinners in
general, he seemed a little uneasy about
! his ability to dodge banquets in New
i York and Washington on his return
' home. Touching the grand ovation that
is awaiting him, he said:
"It will last about two days. Then
I I shall go t^o Washington immediately
'and see the President and receive the
i sword that is to be presented to me.
I After that I shall be free to go to the
■ mountains or to the country, where I
j can be absolutely quiet and in com
| plete retirement."
BULLS IN A DUEL.
Stubborn Combat Ending in the
Death of One of the Animals.
SAN RAFAEL, July 20.— James Welch,
a farmhand employed on the Fitzgerald
place, near Ranier, witnessed last Thurs
day one of the most desperate conflicts
between two maddened animals ever be
held by human eyes. A large bull owned
by a dairyman of the vicinity broke down
a fence and wandered into an adjoining
pasture in which was another bull. The
second animal caught siwht of the In
truder and rushed at him just as Welch,
who was returning home from work,
reached an eminence where he coul i wit
ness the contest.
For thirty minutes the beasts gored
eacb other and the clashing of their horns
could have been heard a quarter of a
mile, while their angry bellowing was
blood-curdling. Finally one fell .x
--hausted to the ground. Welch then ran
for assistance to stop the battle. Before
he returned the fallen animal had been
killed by its foe. The survivor was badiy
injured. One eye had been gouged out, his
flank had been ripped open and the left
horn broken off at the base. The Injuries
are such that the conqueror may die.
Big Mortgage Filed.
VIPALJA, July 29.— The biggest mort
gage ever recorded In Tulare County was
tiled in the Recorder's office this morn
ing. The amount was $101,000. and it was
a loan from the German Savings and
Txian Society of San Francisco to C. N.
Whitmore and wife of Modesto. The
mortgage covers two section? of land in
Tulare County. It required' sso worth of
revenue stamps.
Sweeney's Body Not Recovered.
REDDING, July 29.— The body of Frank
IT. Sweeney, the young reporter on the
Morning Searchlight, who was drowned
on Friday afternoon, has not yet been
recovered. At daybreak a party of men
went down the Sacramento River four
mJles to the spot where the drowning oc
curred to search for the body. It was
found that the water at the place where
cations, annoyances, acts of retaliation
and attempts on one side to exceed
their own or restrict the other side's
rights under the proposed compromise.
The Saturday Review thinks Canada
ought in no event to surrender her
rights in international law unless she
concurrently receives considerable con
cessions from the United States on
other questions before the commission
ers.
The Saturday Review proceeds to
claim that Canada now suffices for her
self both politically and economically
and has no further need of the United
States, that only the most factious pol
icy on the part of Great Britain could
revive the annexationist party in Can
ada and asks what possible reason the
Canadians could have for Involving
the country in the gravest international
questions. The article concludes as fol
lows:
•'With thousands of Americans
slaughtering the Filipinos, whom they
went to free, while the truth is con
cealed from the public by methods
worse than Russia's, as an instance of
external aggression, and with a reign
of terror in Cleveland, where a tram
way strike is conducted with nitro-gly
cerine bombs, as an example of inter
Sweeney was last seen was only thirty
inches deep. The current is very strong
and Sweeney could not swim. The river
bed was dragged with grappling hooks
and heavy blasts of dynamite were set off
in the water to make the body come to
the surface, but without success.
CHRISTIAN CONVENTION
HONORS MRS. HALL
San Jose Woman Elected President of
the Sunday School Asso
ciation.
SANTA CRUZ, July 29.— Sunday-school
day was observed by the Christian
Church people to-day at Garfield Park.
It opened with a prayer-meeting led by
C. W. Japson of Los Gatos. The Sunday
school 7>arliament was led by Rev. D. \V.
Honn of Modesto. The speakers were:
Rev. H. M. Powers of College City, who
spoke on "The Superintendent"; Rev. S.
S. Murphy of Red Bluff, on "Purposes of
Bible Schools"; Rev. T. D. Butler of Oak
land, on "The Forces In Sunday-school
Work"; Mrs. A. J. Hall of San Jose gave
a shore address.
The officers elected for the Sunday
school Association for the coming year
are: President, Mrs. A. J. Hall of San
Jose; vice president, Rev. C. W. Japson,
Los Gatos; recording secretary, Rev. Jl.
W. Powers of College City; correspond
ing secretary, Rev. D. W. Honn of Mo
desto; chorister, Mrs. S. S. Murphy, Red
Bluff.
It was derided that the executive com
mlttee should arrange the programme for
next year's convention and that the Sun
day-schools be .assessed 1 cent per mem
ber to defray the expenses of the conven
tion and thut the officers prepare a new
constitution and by-laws.
This evening a street service was held
and was addressed by Rev. J. W. Webb
of Fresno. The sermon at the tabernacle
was preached by Rev. Thomas Lawson of
Santa Clara.
The State Board met this morning and
elected the following officers: President,
Rev. W. H. Martin. Fresno: vice presi
dent. Rev. R. N. Davis, Gilroy; recording
secretary. Rev. Henry Shadle, Sacra
mento; flnuncial secretary. Rev. Guy
Smith, Oakland: treasurer, L.. Maguire,
Saratoga; Professor McAneny, Berkeley,
and Rev. S. M. Jefferson of Berkeley.
The proposition of W. D. Storey for the
establishment of a Christian university
in California brought forth addresses
from Rev. S. A. Jefferson of Berkeley and
Rev. L. B. Wilkes. While nut opposed to
It the convention was not in a condition
to adopt the policy, ns it had already
voted to establish an annex to the State
University at Berkeley. Rev. S. M. Jef
fersen made an elaborate speech in be
half of the State University and Stanford
University. The convention failed to con
cur in the resolution for the establishment
of another university.
ESTATE IN LITIGATION.
Legal Fight for the Late John
Rathgeb's Wealth.
SAN ANDREAS, July 29.— The devisees
of the •will of the late John Rathgeb, a
wealthy mining man of Alameda, have
filed a complaint In intervention in the
action of J. J. Angostini and Frank Ber
nasconl, executors of the will, against
Albert Guttinger, brought to recover val
uable mining and other properties former
ly held by Rathgeb in this county. The
Union and Cordova mines and hundreds of
acres of valuable mining and other lands
In this county, valued at $100,000, are in
volved. Guttinger claimed the property
by virtue of a deed, but the executors
say the deed was given in trust for Rath
geb while he lived and for the estate
after his death, and sue to recover it.
The devisees claim the property was
deeded to Guttinger in trust for them di
rectly.
Death Calls a Child.
SAN JOSE, July 29.— The funeral of lit
tle Florence Singletary. who died at Vac
avMle last Monday, took place here yea
terday. The deceased was a lovely child
nal convulsion, there is realized the
grave question of what will happen
when the present tide of prosperity
turns. Therefore, to urge Canada to
go beyond the bounds of reasonable
concession would be good neither for
her nor the empire."
In connection with the Alaskan dis
pute Right Hon. H. H. Asqufth, for
merly Secretary of State for the Home
Department, in a Canadian paper re
cently repudiated the remarks which
he had made to the correspondent of
the Associated Press. When Mr. As
quith was visited by the correspondent
to-day to ask wherein he had been in
accurately quoted, Mr. Asquith said:
"What I said to you was said in the
course of a casual conversation. I have
said nothing on the issue about the
Alaskan question and have not given
leave for any utterance on the matter
to be issued. Any interview I always
revise and like to have it in my own
words. I uttered no sentiment reflect
ing on Canada at any time. I there
fore could not adopt the utterances
in question, and when my attention was
directed to them I was, as a public
man) bound to repudiate what had evi
dently been published as a public utter
ance."
and but five years of age. Her father, J.
E. Singletary, is a nephew of E. C. Sln
fletary, a banker of San Jose, while Mrs.
.illlan Singletarv, his wife, is a daughter
of Mr. Lyon. deceased, a fruit grower
and an original settler of Vacavllle.
M'KINLEY RESTING
AT PLATTSBURG
The Health of Mrs. McKinley Im
proving, but She Is Still
Very Weak.
PLATTSBURG. July 29.— President Mc-
Kinley's first caller this morning was
George Curtis Treadwell. Governor Roose
velt's military secretary, who bore a mes
sage from the Governor bidding the Pres
ident welcome to New York State. The
President spent most of the forenoon In.
reading the newspapers and in attending
to his correspondence.
Mrs. McKinley was feeling stronger
than she did yesterday afternoon. After
luncheon a two-seated carriage was
brought up with a driver and the Presi
dent and his wife took a short drive
around the hotel grounds. The drive
proved too much for Mrs. MoKinley, how
ever, and they returned to the hotel in.
less than hair an hour. The President
.i-sist-.d by Secretary Cortelyou, helped
Mrs. McKinley from the carriage to a
wheel chair, in which she was wheeled
to her apartments.
The President and Mrs. McKinley both
expressed their sorrow upon learning of
the deaths of two members of the Twenty
first Regiment, which was in the thick of
the fighting in the last battle near Man
ila. The Twenty-first Regiment was sta
tioned at Plattsburg Barracks two years
ago while the President was here, and
each morning a guard mount was held on
the lawn in front of the hotel, after which
they were reviewed by the President. Mrs.
McKinley gave the regiment a handsome
silk flag, which they carried all through
the Santiago campaign, and which they
are now defending in the Philippines. The
regiment came to be known as the Presi
dent's Own. and both he and Mrs. McKin
ley take a special interest in the regi
ment's movements.
MORMON ELDERS WERE
ROUGHLY HANDLED
CHATTANOOGA. Term.. July 29— A tel
egram was received at the southern head
quarters of the Mormon\ church In this
city from the postmaster at Flovilla, Ga.,
In which he stated that Elders Rogers and
Porter, who were mobbed on Wednesday
night, appeared there this morning almost
naked.
The men told an awful story of their
treatment at the hands of the mob and
their escape by swimming a swollen
stream. Friends of the elders have recov
ered their grips and their property. They
will abandon Jessup County for the pres
ent.
Cruiser Boston Sails.
WASHINGTON, July 29.-The. cruiser
Boston has sailed from Yokohama for
Honolulu. The cruiser Marblehead has
sailed from Ooquimbo for Callao.
44 You May Bend the Sapling
But Not the Tree/*
When disease Has become chronic and
deep seated it is often difficult to cure it.
Thai is the reason <why ft is best to
take Hood's SarsaparUla. e cohen disease
first sho=ws itself. In long-seated, tena-
cious cases, Hood's SarsaparSU is also
qvonderfuKy successful.
SIXTEEN AGREE
TO ARBITRATE
Last Session of Peace
Conference.
LETTER FROM THE POPE
HE GIVES PKOMISE OF HEARTY
CO-OPERATION.
Baron de Staal, in the Closing- Ad
dress, Said That if the Work
Was Not Complete It Was
Wise and Practicable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE, July 29.— The Interna
tiona! Peace Conference met for its final
Bitting to-day, when it sva& announced
that sixteen states had signed the arbi
tration, convention, fifteen th§ other
two conventions, seventeen the dec
laration prohibiting the throwing
of projectiles or explosives from
balloons, sixteen the declaration prohibit
ing the use of asphyxiating gases and fif
teen the declaration prohibiting the use
of expansive bullets.
A letter was read from the Queen of
Holland to the Pope, asking his moral
support of the conference. The Pope's
reply, which was read, promised co-opera
tion and recalled the fact that he had
many times performed the function of ar
bitrator and assured her Majesty that, in
spite of his present abnormal position,
the Pope would continue to seek the ad
vancement-of civilization.
Baron de Staal delivered the farewell
address, thanking the representatives of
foreign states. He said the work accom
plished, while not so complete as might
be desired was sincere, wise and prac
ticable. The great principles of the sov
ereignty of individual states and interna
tional solidarity, apparently so opposing,
had been reconciled by what they had ac
complished. He affirmed that in time to
come institutions which had their origin
In the need of concord would be the dom
inating influence and that thus the work
of the conference was truly meritorious.
Minister Esteurnelles and Dr. Beaufort
followed, the latter saying that if the con
ference had not realized Utopian dreams
nevertheless it had disproved pessimistic
forebodings, and the mofal effect would
more and more influence public opinion
and aid governments to solve the question
of the limitation of armaments, which
still remains a source of grave considera
tion for statesmen of all countries.
Baron de Staal then declared the con
ference closed.^
NO RESTAURANT IN
THE STATE CAPITOL
Attorney General Ford Decides That
the Legislative Appropria
tion Is Illegal.
SACRAMENTO. July 29.— State Con
troller Col&an to-day received from At
torney General Ford an opinion with ref
erence to the $3000 appropriation made by
the last Legislature for the fitting up of
a restaurant in the basement of the Cap
itol. The Attorney General rules that the
State's money cannot be used for the pur
pose of establishing' a restaurant in the
Capitol building or elsewhere.
The Legislature included the sum of
$3imj in the general appropriation act of
1899 The Attorney General quotes arti
cle IV, section 29, of the State constitu
tion, which provides that the general ap
propriation bill shall contain no item or
Items of appropriation other than such
as are required to pay the salaries of the
State officers, the expenses of the govern
ment and of the Institutions under the
exclusive control and management of the
State. Unless it can be shown that a
restaurant in the C:;pitol is necessary for
the conduct of the State government,
pay? the Attorney General, no such ap
propriation is legal.
DR. KILMERS REMEDIES.
FREE TO SUFFERERS.
The New Cure for Kidney, Bladder and
Uric Acid .Troubles.
Almost everybody who reads the
newspapers is sure to know of the won-
derful cures made by Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney remedy.
It is the great medical triumph of the
nineteenth century; discovered after
years of scientific research by Dr. Kil-
mer, the eminent kidney and bladder
specialist, and is wonderfully success-
ful in promptly curing kidney, liver,
bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root has been tested In so
many ways, in hospital work, in pri-
vate practice, among the helpless too
poor to purchase relief, and ha-s proved
so successful in every case that a spe-
cial arrangement has been made by
which all readers of the San Francisco
Sunday Call who have not already tried
it may have a sample bottle sent free
by mail, also a book telling more about
Swamp-Root and how to find out if you
have kidney or bladder trouble. When
writing mention reading this generous
offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call
and -°nd your address to Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton, N. Y. The regular
fifty cent and one dollar srzes are sold
by all first-class druggists.
_
fl-a^ -^ .^^ -^--<'fc -^ -*7h ■<% -^fc -»fc ■^ I
i visit DR JORDAN'S great
J MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
$ £3} 1051HABIITST.bit.6:hm, S.P.fel. , \
*\ t^r The I.argut Anatomical Museum in the T
w *4Sf?£t^± Wortd. \Veaknesscs or any contracted i I
T fl&£|9& disease pr>lli<rly rar«4 hy the oldest '
@ I SSI Specialist the Coast. Est 36 years 4I !
I ' s|^i DR ' JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
Fw9ro9 CoiKtiltation free »nd strictly private.' \
I' i jSnl I Triitmem pe^onally or by letter. Af
S*f Tl H "*' 1M CW'in every case underukea. T.
HP// 1* Whteforßn..k I>ltII.«HOI>BY«ri
II II Itl **" B; ' MAILED FREB.' fA"
I fl iJ' valuable book for mm) ■ »
i ' OK. JOltn *«'«.. 1051 Market St. .B. F. f
■ Ml J&^ Br. R. L. Walsb,
S^^^^TJ^ m3 * G EARY ST., b«*.
Ky»CC!*g;^^*^^N Hyde and Larkin.
fP^ PalnleBs Extraction^ .
>T 7. rl-y\ T ' \J Crowns** *.''.'.".*".". ".".^a.00
UJaJii-»-^^ Flesh-colored Plates..
wV^ ...: IHS.<M»
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Jolnts^our
specialty. Have received TEN first prlaes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. II
years' experience.
000000000000000000
g'i!« PALACE **?%
%GRAND motels o
q SAM FRANC/SCO. Q
Jjf Connected by a covered passageway.
UOORoom*— 900 wi h Bath Attached. °
O AU Under One Management. O
O | NOTE THS PRICES :~ O
O EuropeanPlan.f 1.00 per day and upward O
q American Plan.fS.OO per day and upward A
w Correspondence Solicited. ' "
O JOHN 0. EIKKPATBICK. liugn. O
000000000000000000
jSSj. ■% ■ I ■ IB ■ and Morphine Habits
R?J) '» f- I■■ cured at home. Write
S S Z_S '? 2 I Bill for full particulars
ii WT I 1 I 1111 INDIAN 0 OpldM CURE,
111 ihS IWI INDIAN OPIUM CURE.
W I 1%0 111 BD. KIMMIS, 201 Turk
■-■.^"^"'-i St., 8»n Iraaeiseo... ,v.
MISCELLANEOUS. -
THE CURIToF
CONSUMPTION
Has Been Reduced to a
Science by Dr. Aborn of
554 Sutter Street.
. After an absence of many years spent la
the East and abroad Dr. Aborn has re-
turned to this city and resumed the prac-
tice of his specialties at 554 Sutter street.
Dr. Aborn" won considerable distinction.
while hf re in 1569 and in the early seven-
ties by his remarkable cures of consump-
tion. • His experience of . many* years in.
other cities has enabled him to develop to
a marked degree hia new treatment of dis-
eases of the head, throat and lungs. T>r.
Aborn's treatment ■ gives immediate relief,
l builds up and revitalizes the \fhole con-
stitution, fortifies- the system • against
I colds- ami catarrhal affections, - and by
; preventing consumption prolongs life.
Dr. Aborn was -greeted' on his arrival
here a few weeks ago by several of his old
patients, all of whom, be had rescued from
i untimely graves. In numerous instances
: wnere consumptives were, given up as
j hopeless cases by well-known local physi-
cians Dr. Aborn succeeded in effecting
| permanent cures and adding years of:
health, and happiness to the -lives- of the
afflicted. .In his treatment of nasal ca-
tarrh, asthma and all bronchial affections.
Dr. Aborn's efforts have been attended
with unusual success, and in numerous in-
stances the cures effected by him were ot
a brilliant character.
j ' Dr. Aborn has spent over thirty years oC
i his life in the study and treatment of con-
! sumption, catarrh, asthma, throat dis-
I eases and all affections of the lungs, so
j that to-day he is recognized in medical
I circles as an absolute authority on all
1 questions pertaining to these subjects. His
offices at 554 Sutter street have been
thronged since his arrival and each suc-
ceeding day adds to the number and brll-
i liance of his achievements.
Buswell Paint Co.
Manufacturers
Sflrt f ree i^~--~~rM C"f 00
youdon-tHkelt IffjjflffiMbagQrj PER CAL.
you don't like it j |tsMt* * PER CAL.
710-716 Slglllr^lig?! Market St.
Broadway jZaZl ,'.°'"'.!, • San
Oakland **«fe- v—^-g^ Francisco
If your painter or dealer can not furnish the
BUSWELL PAINTS
SEND DIRECT TO US
— — — — — — — —————— ———^-—^^— —
.A/UTOTIO2ST
BY
YON RHEIN & CO,,
613 California Street,
THURSDAY, ........
THURSDAY AUGUST 10, 1J99
At 12 M. Sharp.
Cor. Post and Stockton. I
80 on Poet, 46:8 on Stockton; N. E. cor.—
I One of the finest retail and professional offles
corners in San Franciaco; rents $1500 monthly
I if rightly Improved.
FELL, NEAR MARKET.
27x120—22 Fell St., N line, H> block' from
Market, Polk, Van Ness and from end of Xcv
Panhandle.
MONTGOMERY. NEAR JACKBON-RENTB $175.
" 50:9x137:6—812-814 Montgomery; 3-story and
basement brick and iron; 2 stores and 56 rooms.
FINE, NEAR LARKIN.
50x137:6—1330 Pine: 87V4 ft. E. of Larkin; old
' improvements, but a splendid lot; eunny; good
frontage; full depth; fine renting: and central
locality.
rOURTH-BTREET STORE AND FLAT— $50.
25x50— 339 Fourth Bt. (sunny side), near Clara^
rent now reduced to $50.
PACIFIC. NEAR TAYLOR.
22x68:9—1009 Pacific; 2-story and basement
houße; 8 rooms and bath; street accepted.
HARRISON. NORTHEAST OF SIXTH.
27 16x55— 964-966 Harrison, 137:6 N. E. of Sixtll
»t.; 4 flats in front and rear house of 6 rooms,
' | HARRISON, SOOTH OF NINTH. , : j'
$0x70—1309 Harrison, S. line; 8. of Ninth st. f
adjoining the corner of Dore «t., with dwelling.
LARGE CORNER. FILLMORE AND GREEN.
'68:9x87:6 5. E. cor. Fillmore and Green;
accessible by 2 lines of cars to all parts of th»
city
° ity ' HOWARD, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH.
22:6x50— 920 Howard; 25 ft. E. of Mary et., be-,
tween sth and 6th; cottage of 5 rooms and rea*
house.
TWENTY-SIXTH-STREET COTTAGE.
24:4V>x90— 3105 26th St., 25 feet "W of Harrison:
4 rooms and bath; near Cogswell School; facing
Garfleld Square. '
TRUST
Your Oculist
And bring as the order for glasses. They will
be made to «utt him and fit you. With the new
[ clip, ' don't slip. ' tilt, waver or pinch.
Factory on premises; quick repairing. Phon«
Main 10.
flDTiriANS^s tSaPHIC APPARATUS. .
642 Market St. instruments
imam CKOiiiC-.t B"iiDin».
' *
PCSlefcettw's EajrUab Diamond Br*n«. * -v
ENNYROYAL PILLS
HJgT*~v ■ Orifinal •nd Only 6«aalß«> ▲
*- ./^>7\ a«FE. a?w>7t reliable ladic» ait /4V
f> l\ W*MM Dru?«i»» for Chic/lcsters Bnglul Dlaf&%&
CliQJußfkmond Brand In Bed mod (^U maumc\VsT
*£v _j"Vfi3Qboxa«. vaied wiU bin* rihboa. T»kc. \BF
rfS ♦* WJno other. Refiisr dangrrm.s #u"..t.ru- V
I*l *• fffciant and imitati- nt. At Drtlggiiti, or x-ai! Cat.
I W Jjf In tt&rapi tor p irtlenlari, ti-itlmcrdali anil
.Im Ms "Kellnf for I.adlf*," in letter. 'by retnra
aX if MMI. 1 0.000 TMtlmeoial*. Jf», Paprr.
x — ■"•/^CH"hrttrrO<— I<-«ICo.,M«4L*o« Bqur%
M«U I? »U oca; urnggliu. PITTI. A I>A.. 1'i 7
jgggpß. HALL'S BEINVIGOBATO2
w3f^"^rl3 Five hundred reward for any
P>* •■■■S case we cannot cure. This secret
I .. -_Jb remedy Btops all losses In 24
toS *i£ hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
i?P tJiTi tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. .
W, J *34* i Gleet. Fits, Strictures. Lost.
Jt^L JHsE Manhood and all wastins effects
crT.,.. '"_l_i of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, *5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALIVS MEDICAL IN-
■ STITUTE 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073^4 Market St., S. F. All prlvata
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEA.RNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— •
modeled and reno\ated. KING, WARD A
CO European plan. Hooms, 60c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $8 week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every,
room; elevator runs all night. ;
Airr nnilll Corner Fourth an<l
PftFf nnUnl Market. S. F. Try
1 II hi- X I IYII I our Special Brew.
IIHIT nil IHI Steanl and Laser,!
U 11 1 L lIUI II L. Be. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.STEFEMEYER'S NEIGHBORS
AFRAID TO GIVE CLEWS
Henry Stegemeyer and the Scene of His Murder.
EUREKA, July 29.— The mystery
surrounding the assassination of
Rancher Henry Stegemeyer near
Philipsville Beems no nearer a so
lution than it was on the day his
lifeless body was discovered in the bed
to which he had crawled after
having received a mortal wound. The
f ict upon which tl have
to work is that the rancher was In con
stant fear of the fate that eventually
overtook him, and as he expressed this
: to certain of his neighbors there
bility that they may yet be
induced to talk and place the authori
ties in possession of information that
lead to the apprehension of the
guilty persons. Despite the slow prog
hat has been made, tho^e who are
icting the Investigation are confl
that in time the assassins will be
brought to justice.
ATTACK ON AN EDITOR.
Thomas McGuinness Brutally Beaten
at Corning.
INTNG, July 39.— While Thomas Me
• ■=?. editor of the Corning Observer,
■ turning from the south bound train
this morning carrying the United States
i to tl c postoffice for distribution, he
rtley Foster, son of
; Foster. Young Foster rushed
id^WlllSwf l\ We are now making a special line of clothin which we term "Yeargood." It comprises suits /IfP^^^^ii^m,
/// rflr'R ' ' ijffl ! " ; m 'A The name "Yeargood" really explains itself, yet we wish to show you exactly what it means: ME jj^-^/K
l^^^^Piftill 1 ' ftiPlir Every one of these " Year od suits and overcoats is fully tested before it leaves the work- Jlwll^i ||ifiP-if /M j&
! |i jj^jlr shop— it is guaranteed to keep its shape for a year, the buttons will stay on, the seams will not rip, VtV 3 ii; I ! i lilvifK^^^
1• ' 1"! ' 'vf the linings will last the whole arment inside and out will stand the wear. ' ; j IS liSHißr
PfSi^lii*®-' '! ln\ Now should any of the above not fulfill its P art we will make the re P air free, even to putting JyJ I'jii; i|j|| [jj^^
Wnfwfl'f jlllr All the Year od clothing is marked— you can pick it out yourself from the stock. .|||j||liiiii| ISI
fjljjwi !M II if These suits and overcoats range in price from $12.^0 to $25.00. They comprise cheviots, clay || 1 iMpfiSH
iB 111 jlj i'if worsteds, fancy worsteds, serges, tweeds and cassimeres in all desirable patterns and all styles. 11l 11 if Wliß
f/IW/ ' i We have taken an immense amount of care with these "Yeargood" suits and overcoats— we ' llllfflf ' \l|l||J
if/lflf ' ' I aye P ected them in all ways every garment is made to give at least one year's wear. " 1 1 |!|f w|||
f/lISf ore than this— we will return any customer's money who thinks he is entitled to it. I |l| wffl
I wwil '' I Ask to see these suits they will insure you of your moneys worth. l||| J j| vllil
Iff mS Ifl Note to the Trade — We have registered the word "Yeargood" as a trade- 11 1111
u^p^) S.NLWOOD & CO fe£yn
\j*H&s7 7IBMARKETST, N^to^/
Out-of town orders filled — write us.
The inquest did not result in bring
ing out any clew. Fear of the assas
sins' vengeance has kept the neighbors
from talking. A near neighbor was
told by Stegemeyer that he feared Dan
iel Webster Dean more than any other
person in the neighborhood. Dean was
one of the lads suspected by the offi
cers, but his mother swore that at the
time of the murder he was with her,
gathering hazel nuts. The witnesses at
the inquest were reticent and no doubt
did not tell all they knew.
District Attorney Cooper believes the
old saying "Murder will out" will come
true in this case. Many pertinent facts
were developed at the inquest and no
doubt will prove of value later. As
already related, the murdered man was
g-enerally disliked in his neighborhood.
He daily expressed the fear that he
would be assassinated. He declared
out from the Hotel Maywood, knocked
McGuinness from his wheel. jumped upon
him and brutally kicked him. When he
was knocked from the wheel McGuinness
struck on his head and was rendered al
most unconscious. Foster, however. k!ck< d
and pummeled the editor until onlookers
pulled him away. Mr. McGuinness could
not stand up and had to he assisted home.
He was put under the care of a physician.
Foster took exception to an article
which appeared in the Observer on July
20 statin? that Woodson. the junior mem
THE SAN FRACNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 30. 1899.
he would willingly take his chances
with any person that would face him,
but he disliked the thought of being
murdered from ambush without a
chance to defend himself.
The officers in charge of the case be
lieve they have discovered the spot
from which the fatal shot was fired. It
is a tall, dead redwood tree, eighty and
three-quarter yards from the dwelling,
on the porch of which Stegemeyer met
death. A rail fence which encloses a
pasture is built up to either side of the
tree, and behind this two persons could
easily conceal themselves. From the
right side of this tree the angle was
right for the shot that missed Stege
meyer's head a few inches.
For over a year past Stegemeyer had
offered his place for sale, being- desir
ous of leaving the country. The Stege
| merer ranch is valuable property.
her of the firm of Foster & Woodson, was
"the brains of the concern." The firm is
the owner of Maywood colony.
Died at Matanzas.
WASHINGTON, July 29. — General
Brooke, at Havana, to-day notified the
War Department of the death on the 26th
Inst. at Matanzas of acting- Assistant Sur
geon John V. Hamilton, from uraemia.
Fred Tolins. a civilian, died at Santiago
on the same day of pneumonia.
TRAMP'S VICTIM
NEAR TO DEATH
Mrs. Shank Not Likely
to Recover.
VAIN QUEST OF ASSAILANT
SURROUNDINGHILLS SEARCHED
IN VAIN.
Should the Culprit Be Captured
Enraged Citizens Will Attempt
to Mete Out Swift
Justice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July 29.— Mrs. Mamie
Shank, the woman who was brutally at
tacked by a tramp at a woodchoppers'
camp near Windsor several days ago, la
dying. During last night and the greater
part of to-day she has been in convul
sions, and there is little hope for her re
covery. Mrs. Shank was left by her as
sailant bound and gagged on the floor of
a tent, and remained in this condition
for» many hours, until the men of tho
camp returned at night from their Labors.
The mental agony she endured has had
much to do with her precarious conditi m.
The sad state of the woman has Increased
the rage of the residents of Windsor and j
vicinity, and should her assailant be cn> j
tured it is almost certain an attempt i
would be made to lynch him.
Although every possible effort has been j
made to locate the culprit all have so tar
proved unavailing. Deputy Sheriffs Wai
ter Poole, J. S. Gist and George W. Lewis
have searched the hills in ttiat vicinity,
but not a person has been found who re- ;
members having seen a man answering
the description of the tramp. Jfesterday
Constable Ohm of Sonoma, one of the
most successful peace officers in the
State received word that a man closely
tallying with the description had beeti
seen making his way across the Calistoga
Hills in the direction of Kapa. Hurrying
in that direction he and a companion
searched all night, but without result.
Sheriff Grace and the Deputy District At
torney drove late this afternoon to the
Leslie ranch, where the assault was com- ,
mitted. It is understood they have a new i
clew, but Dnder Sheriff Austin refuses to
talk of the matter. l.'p to a late hour
nothing: had been heard from either
Grace or Berry.
A well known resident of Windsor said
here this afternoon that if the man re- i
Bponsible for Mrs. Shank's condition were
caught in that vicinity the citizens would
undoubtedly lynch him.
MILES ASKS FOR A
RULING ON AUTHORITY
Presents Papers to Show That He
Has Had No Voice in Army
Management.
WASHINGTON", July 29. -The Post to- ',
morrow will say: General Miles will ask j
General Root for a speedy decision as to j
the relations existing between the general !
commanding the army and the Secretary ;
of War. He is now preparing his side of j
the case, which will be submitted to the |
new Secretary.
The condition which has existed in the I
War Department Fince the campaign in
Porto Rico is revived, showing that Gen- i
eral Miles, while the major general com
manding the army, has had little or no
voice in the management of affairs of the
iirrny, and it is stated that with the in
coming Secretary he hopes the present j
conditions will change.
DAVIS RESUMES
WESTWARD TRIP
Automobile Runs From Syracuse
to Auburn, and Attracts Great
Attention.
00000000000000000
o o
o START, JULY 13. ©
Q Miles. o
o Estimated distancs to q
q cover 3,700 q
— Saturday's run 32 q
Q Total distance covered . 316 q
eoooooooooooooooo
BY JOHN D. DAVIS.
AUBURN. N. V., July 29.— We are
again on our way to San Fran
cisco, and from now on should
havp little ob no trouble— that is,
aft^r the cylinder just put in
wears a bit. To-day it heated repeat-
THE GOLDSBOROUGH
LAUNCHED AT PORTLAND
United States Torpedo Boat De
stroyer Modeled After a
New Design.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 29.— The torpedo
boat destroyerGoldsborough was launched
this afternoon from the ways at the yards
of her builders, the Wolff & Sewlcker Iron
Works. All the auxiliary machinery and
the condenser were aboard the vessel
when launched, and the engines and boil
ers, which are ready In the shops, will be
put In next week.
The contract speed of the Goldshorough
is thirty knots an hour, and this she must
maintain '<>r two consecutive hours. The
length of the Goldsborugh is 198 feet over
all. Her beam is twenty feet at the water
edly and caused us to make many stops
of a quarter or half hour. Outside of
this the motor worked perfectly and
brought us here in two and a half
hours, a distance of thirty-two miles.
We had to make many stops in leaving
Syracuse, for friends made during our
stay asked a chance to photograph the
transcontinental motor. We were
snapped many times before reaching
Tates, where we had luncheon. A big
crowd acted as escort as far as Ca
millus Hill, which, as usual, was to
stall us and compel the use of horses,
but they tolled up the steep grade,
pushing their wheels to no purpose.
We made the mile easily. The roads
are improving, but are yet far from
perfect. We stopped here for the
night that we might get a chance to
go over the motor and tighten up dur
ing daylight. We start at 6 o'clock to
morrow morning, and should go past
Rochester.
line and she has a depth of eleven feet.
Her mean draught, loaded and ready for
trial will be five feet four inches. She
will have a displacement of about 250 tons
fully equipped for service
The Goldsborough is the first boat of its
type, on which the overhanging type of
rudder has been used, in the Fnited
States These improvement? are to be
used so as to obviate the necessity of go
ing into drydock if an accident should oc
cur.
Hanover Released and Rearrested.
SANTA ROSA, July 29.— Frank Han
over, arrested at Bloomfleld on Thursday
on a charge of perjury and bribery in
connection with the famous Littlefield
case at Round Valley, was released in the
Superior Court here to-day on a writ of
habeas corpus. Just as he stepped from
the courtroom he was rearrested by Con
stable Redwine of Covelo on a charge of
felony.
TWO KILLED IN A
WYOMING WRECK
Head-On Collision at
Walcott Station.
ENGINEER FORGOT HISORDERS
HE HAS FLED TO THE HILLS
TO AVOID ARREST.
Two Postal Clerks Injured by Flying
Splinters and the Passengers
Are Badly Shaken
Up.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHEYENNE. July 29.— One of tha
worst wrecks in the history of the Wy
oming division of the Union Pacific oc
curred at 8 o'clock this morning at Wal
cott station, 150 miles west of Chey
enne. Walter Marsh, the engineer, and
Victor Konold. the fireman, of Laramie,
were killed and Postal Clerks William
Haas and Robert Pease of Cheyenne
were injured.
The wreck was caused by Engineer
John Mack of a west-bound helper en
gine forgetting his orders, and the en
gine crashed into No. 4, the east-bound
passenger train.
The light engine was running at the
i rate of fifty miles an liour and the pa-s
--; senger train was running at about the
! same speed. Mack and his fireman
i Jumped and were not injured, but
i Marsh and Konold of the passenger
| train were caught under the wrecked
i locomotives and both crushed to death.
The mail car was telescoped and the
two clerks were wounded by splinters.
The passengers were badly shaken up,
but none were injured. The track was
j torn up and traffic delayed for half a
; day while the wreck was being cleared
I up.
Soon after the accident Engineer
1 Mack took to the hills and has not been
seen since.
The dead engine men were old men In
the employ of the Union Pacific and
both have families at Lararnie.
WORLD'S MILE RECORD
LOWERED BY M'DUFFIE
Paced by a Motorcycle, the Wheelman
Covers the Distance in
1 :28 Flat.
NEW BEDFORD, Mas?.. July 29.— Eddls
Mr Duffle, champion middle-distance rider
of the world, broke the world's mile rec
ord on the Buttonwood cycle track this
afternoon, making the mile in I:2s. Thi3
is the first mile ever ridden under 1:30,
motor-paced.
The first quarter was made In 23 seconds'.
The second quarter was a trifle faster. 23
seconds, while the third was in 20 3-5 sec
onds. The rider could not quite hold this
terrific pace, and in the next quarter
dropped to 22 2-5 seconds; but he had
clipped three seconds and a fraction from
the former record.
Fre« From Yellow Fever.
COLON", Colombia, July 29.— 1t is offi
cially announced from Panama that the
yellow fever has ceased to be an epidemia
there. The total number of cases report
ed since the outbreak of the disease is 88,
of which 45 resulted fatally.
34
YOUNG MORGAN'S
SLAYER CHARGED
WITH MURDER
Unwarranted Killing of the Re
form School Lad Bitterly
Denounced.
/~> ACRAMENTO, July 29.— District
L Attorney Baker this afternoon
S- charging James
c Fames
V ) Kelly with the '"rime, of murder,
and his examination has been set
by Justice of the Peace Henry for Fri
day n-^xt. Kelly and Major R. M. Blair,
military instructor at the Preston
School of Industry at lone, have been
held accountable by a Coroner's jury
for the d^ath "f 17-year-old Joseph
Morgan, the remormatory escape who
was shot and killed at Sheldon yester
day afternoon. It is not probable that
any complaint will be lodged against
Blair, at least until the examination
of Kelly reveais the responsible party.
The killing of young Morgan is de
nounced on all sides as entirely un
called for, and the expressions of indig-
nation are general and severe. This
rooming's Call related the substantial
farts of the tragedy. Morgan and a
companion named Slminoff escaped
from the Preston School. They were
seen in the vicinity of Sheldon, this
county, and Maj^r Raphael Blair and
H. h" Budd, attaches of the institu
tion, were sent after them. At Sheldon
they were reinforced by James Kelly.
James Carroll and a dog. They started
out to explore the fields and were re
warded by seeing Morgan and Siminoff
rise from a haystack ar.d run away.
These four mer. and their dog appar
ently were not ab':e to cope with two
boys, for, after Simmoff had been taken.
Major Blair's revolver and James
Kei'iy's rifle were called into service to
brink the 17-year-old monster to a
standstill. Blair asserts that he shot
twice into the air: Kelly claims he was
given orders to fire his rifle, and that
in doing so he did not aim at the flee
ing toy. From pistoi ar.d rifle five
shots were fired in. all, and when the
bombardment ended the young iad lay
among the grain stalks, dead, with the
blood pouring out of a hole through h'.s
lungs. The party removed their con
quest, living and dead, to Sheldon and
thence to Elk Grove, where the inquest
was held.
The country people were thrown :ntr»
a state of excitement by the occur
rence, and the prevailing sentiment
was one of condemnation of the act.
The unfairness of the combat be
tween four men. some of them armed.
and a defenseless boy, is made the more
shameful when the fact is related that
young Morgan, when shot, was handi
capped with two pairs of handcuffs.
One of them, broken, hung from his
wrist, while another was on hia arm.
When Morgan escaped from the school
his' hands were tied together.
At the inquest yesterday afternoon
Kelly said:
■"They told me to stop him ar.d I
fired. I did not fire to hit him. I took
no deliberate aim when I fired. In the
meantime Blair fired one shot."
Louis Simir.off. who escaped with
Morgan; said at the inquest that he
had known Morgan about fifteen or six
teen days and had been associated with
him for three or four days. Said he:
CATHOLIC RESORT
ON THE SACRAMENTO
Beautiful Site Near Shasta Retreat j
Turned Over to the
Clergy.
REDDIXG. July 29.— The Methodise re
sort in the Sacramento Canyon, known as
Shasta Retreat, is to have a friendly rival
under the ownership and control of Cath
olics. The fine property at the mouth of
Hedge Creek, close to Shasta Rttroat,
owned by Rev. Father Quinn. has been
turned over to the Catholic clergy of thla
diocese a-.d it is to be 3; ted up as an ideal
resort for people of that faith- Repairs
have been made to the buildings a. ready
on the grounds, and negotiations jare now
pending for some adfiir.or.al sar:d, wnlcn
will be subdivided and told for cottage
lots and camp sites.
\ year or so ago the Methodist fot«c
took an option to purchase Father
Quinn* s property, but for some reason
the deal could not be consummated. When
tb* option expired the plan was suggcste-i
that the Catholic clergy procure the prop
erty for a sectarian retreat. The repairs
and improvements made this year are
only the beginning of a resort that will
eventually attract Catholics from aii over
the State", as it is located in an ideal re
gfon ar-d is of itself an ideal spot.
A. portion of the land will serve as a
summer home for the Sisters of Mercy
and another subdivision for young Cath
olic brothers. Quite a colony is now on
the ground and more are arriving. N-x-.
year accommodations will be prepared for
a large influx.
NATIVES OF KUSAIE
ARE NOT WANTED
The United States Will Not Heed
Their Petition for Annex
ation.
WASHINGTON. July £9.— Administra- j
tlor. officials say they will not pay any j
attention to the reported petition of the
natives of the Caroline Is'.ar.d of Kusaie I
to be annexed to the T'r.ked States. They !
have troubles enough of their ourn, the
officials add. and this is a matter with
which Germany will have to deal.
Soldier Not Paid in Full.
WOODLAND, July a.— Oeorge W. Ca
pell, recently discharged from Battery a. !
Third Artillery, fn Alaska, on Friday re- j
celved his pay at the rate of $13 a month.
A war order, issued about the time of his]
enlistment stated that the pay would be '
$15 60 per month. He was also promised i
two months' extra pay, but failed to j
get it. - 1
[W^cOld Blend
Recipe
M AVLtiatn fcxroci U (U *am
I! A EDINBURGH is LOMDOM. or e.j
! ocb«c ciua oc *«-r nmti. \» ftaa
P mk t- i>« • *Hm HOXSI CTLLA*,'
E to EUINBI'RCH. >t wticb slk< *ej ■»/ b*
E tmemrti la • JTxCt COACH rr«7 Uanu
L aad Fioxr, «4ncli fmiorat fee a*olr jann
B Is c jh: din (V G<3 perao), ad m farm
P M «r« in Ik* nomlm
! 'ABow*a« »cS puMafoi t« fooadi ««|K
1 hk) >B »b»r* » peso* go poanl
W M—*r. 'it*
"WHITE HORSE CELLAR"
SCOTCH WHISKY
From
Wlackl© & Co., Islay, Scotland.
CHARGES MBTNBCK33 * CO.,
A««nta X>*Qjflc Coiat. 814 S*cram«at« Btrt«t,
6aa rr»ocijc», C«i. ir^i
JOSEPH MORGAN.
©-♦— -*- *s -*--%■ -*- r -♦- I- -■*- ; *#
■ ' -
g
:
I o1
-.. ■ - ■
-
hether the firsi
-
■
-
■
The Coroner— How far were you from
him at that time?
Simir.off— About forty or fifty feet.
The Coroner— How far was Kelly from
him?
Simir.off— Just about that distance. la an
opposite direction. I heard Blair holler to
Kellv to stop Morgan. Mr. Budd hoiiered
at Kelly not to shoot. Kelly was taking
sisht before he shot about a minute's
time. Then he shot.
B
- - '-
The v. itnees sai er, thai
Morg ■ " "
■ -
ho was pre*
■
I . ■
H. 11. Budd. the commissary at the
Preston School, said he beckoned to
Kelly r.ot to shoot.
-
■
■
■
i to it. I
:
- •
REMAINS AN INMATE
OF A MEXICAN PRISON
J. H. Faulkner Writes That Ernbas
sador Clayton Has Xot Ob
tained His Release.
REDWOOD CITY. July 25.— Another let-
-
■
-
■
-
- ■
-
I ' '
-
treated in this cour.tr>-. I am still a
prisoner in the same old cell; notwith
standing I have received a reply to my
statement from Washington telling
me that the Embassador at Mexico
City had teen instructed to Investi
gate my case and send his findings to*
the Stal Department at Washington:
Although I received this -letter seven
days a^o no or.c of them has yet put
in an appearance. It seems a very hard
matter to get Clayton to take any
action in this, although he is ordered
to do so.
I am very thank! to you for the
interest you have taken in my case,
and also" for any other fa% - ors that
you may do me in trying to get me
released from this prison. I am ?ick
and this prison is killing me. for I
am now unable to star.d on my feet. I
am doing- everything I can to get out.
and my friends are doing all in their
power to have me released. This
trouble has cost me over a thousand
dollars, and I am not out yet, but I
do not want foi anything so far as
money is concerned, for I have some
little rr.oney left yet and I have friends
who have plenty of it and will spend
it to pet me out of here. But that does
me no pood. What I need is influence
at Washington to unlock these pri?on
doors. I tell you It's pretty hard for
an innocent man to have to be held a
Srisoner In such a place as this You
aye no idea what It is.
Will cl^se as I am so sick I cannot
write any more. I suffer very much
here and I have to write lying down
on '.he stone floor, and there is hardly
any light In this room. Thanking you
again for what you have done and may
do in ray interest, I remain your
friend; h. C. FAULKNER.
♦_ — . —
NEW STEAMSHIP LINE
ON THE PACIFIC COAST
Kostland Company to Extend It 3
System From. Panama to San
Francisco.
SAN" DIEGO,. July 29.— John D.
Spreckels, who is now at the Hotel del
Coronado, said to-day it was probable
that a seventh American ?tearr.shiD
company would be plying its Fteam^rs
in and out of San Diego Harbor before
many months. Mr. Spreckels said:
"There is every i • that San
Diegro will
by the institution ot
tTveen Panama •■ P*i •
Some time ae ■ • the Kost
land Company, tvhi<~-h has a fie I :
steamers Valparaiso
and Panama, came t San
ar.'l • any had made
, arrangerr.- to £
Friir.ciFco *n r : I to call at cer
tain intermediate ports."
Found "Dying in a Barn.
REDWOOD CITY. July 29.— "VF
• Collins, who has been working for several
| weeks past for John Offerman at this
I place, was found in a dying condition yes
| terday afternoon in the latter's barn. Phy
| sicians found he- was suffering from an
overdose of morphine, which later caused
his death. Whether the drug was taken
with suicidal intent or r.ot has yet to be
determined. It is known that Collins was
afflicted by a painful malady, and it is
possible the morphine was taken to ease
his Buffering: and that death resulted from
an overdcee. A Coroner'i Inquest will be
> held on Monday.
THE BAIT FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTLV
McNAUGHTON MAY
BE WHITEWASHED
Normal Trustees Dis
posed to Aid Him.
iNQUIRY BEGINS ON MONDAY
MASS OF EVIDENCE AGAINST
THE PRINCIPAL.
'•The Committee Must Do the Prose
cuting and We Will Defend
Him," Chairman Brown
Declares.
■ . •
SAN JOSE, July 23.— The greatest Inter
est centers in the investigation of th-3
character and morals of Principal James
McNaug-hton of the State Normal School,
which comes up before the trustees ot
that institution next Monday morning.
The alumni investigating committee, con
sisting of J. G. Jury, Eli Wright and F.
Caril, has accumulated a vast amount of
evidence showing that McNaughton 'acks
the qualities ad a man and as a teaeh-.r
that should be found in a principal of a
normal school. The charges of immoral
ity and incompentency made against him
while Superintendent of the " schools at
Council Biuffs, lowa, have been investi
gated and the committee is satisfied they
are true.
a
- •
. - '-
. . .
-. - -
Ban Fra . .
■ ■
--■-■-"
■
.- -
l
-
-
- ■
. -
-
-
-
.... _
-
-
t of 1 I
s let 1 ■ •- -
. ■ He is. In
...
: ■ -
• • a
_ - ■ ■- -
-
' il
- - -
-
-
BEAN-EATERS IN HARD
LUCK AT LOUISVILLE
Rain Stops the Game When They
Appear to Have It All Their
Own Way.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STJISTHSG.
Cl'ubi— W. L. Pet.: Clubs— W. L Pet.
Brooklyn 59 27 .C?s ! Pitt<-burg ...45 42 .517
E'ston 53 33 -6H Cincinnati ..42 43 AM
Philadelphia 51 ZS •ss?! Louisville ...J3 i'J .417
.=;. Ivuis V) X, -ci> New Y0rk. ..35 H .J--S
Baltimore ...so 35 .5?" Washington 32 57 .3S)
Chicago 46 is .54> Cleveland ...15 71 .174
- . the
. - -
■
■
■
■ -
r 1 raw.
PITTSBURG. July IS.— Pittsburg won In the ■
eleventh innin?, after two - _- were out. on j
& hit by Madison, followed by a three-bagger j
by Clark. Sparks and Mercer both pitched j
good t"&l!. Washington's O'Brien made a KO- ;
saij'r.al catch against the left Seid fence of \
"Williams" drive, which was expected to yield a
borne run. Attendance, Z3OT. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg " " 2 I
"Washington 19 3
Batteries — Spark?. Tar.ceh'.ll and Bowerman: ■.
Mercer and. Kittredge. Umpires— Swaxterood I
and Hunt.
CINCINNATI. July 23.— T0-day's game was j
full of hittir.? and poor fielding. The pitching
on both sides was weai:. Attendance, 1400. |
Sec re:
Clubs— R. H. E. !
Cir.-innat! I M *.
New York 3 II 4 j
Batteries— Breitenstein, Taylor and Peitz; ■
Ca-r!^"s and Wilson. Umpires — Lynch ar. ] Con.
nelly.
CHICAGO, July 29.— Two errors save the i
Phillies - th*r ea — to-dai In a cornet la«t- |
Ing ten Inr.inys. After two outs □ tbc ninth
inr.ir-* Mertea dropped D<?*ehanty*s lons fly,
allowing the ton to tie the score, and they
won in the tenth en a double an* a long 'ingle. •
Attendance, 4300. Score:
R. H. E
-: • 11 3
7 :"•
■ ■ ■ ■ nofaue ar. -.
■ -
FT. LOUIS. July T>.— Mcßrlde's wl!fcM« grave
Brooklyn to-day's j?arne. The Perfectot made
a great ftr.ish in the -th Inning ar.-i gave the
Superba? a scare. With two rr»n on bases.
Barken rra-ie his second home run of the
garr.e in this inning-. Atteodax S3CQ. Score:
1 Cubs— R. H. E.
St. Louli 4 10 *
Brooklyn « 9 J
BatteriM— Meßrfde. Powell and O'Connor:
Huphes and McGuire. Umpires— CD*y ar.d
M-Oarr.
HUNT CLUB'S PAPZE.CHASE.
! Trophies Won by William O'Connor
and Kiss Marie Oge.
SAX RAFAEL* July 2?.— ln to-day'g
\ paperrhase of the Ban Rafael Hunt Club
■ : William O'Connor won the silver prize I
: cup for the gentlemen and Miss Marie
J Oge for the ladies. The chase started
from the Hotel Rafael at 4 p. m.. with |
: Baron J. H. yon roeder as master of j
I "hounds" and Constable Lewis Hughes as •
•"hare." Th< course was four miles long
and extended along Grand avenue, over j
i San Rafai hill to the Forbes tract and I
' around by A. W. Foster's plr.ce to the {
: finish r.<-ar the goll links. It required i
! forty minutes to complete the course.
I Benjamin Hoiladay was a close second for
the pentlemen's prize and Mrs. Farns
i worth for the ladies'.
! Those who participated in the chase :
i were: Lawrence Van "Winkle. Dr. H. O.
- Howitt. Baron J. H. vr>n Schroeder. Miss
Marie Oge. Maurice Dore. Baron Alexan- |
i der yon Schroeder, Mrs. Farnsworth.
j Clarence Fisher and Charles de Youne.
Among those who followed the riders j
in carriages were: Mrs. J. J. Crooks, Mrs. !
Morgan and Miss -Ella Morgan, Mrs. M. j
H. de Young, Miss Carrie Deane*, the
"' -- - Grace and Rosa Hecht, Mis 3 Grace
Powers, Mrs. William Gerstle, Mrs. Mar
cus Gerstle, Mrs. Frederick Green. Mrs. I
! Franz Frey. Frederick Oinard and F. S.
I Johnson.
Stephen W. Jamison Dead.
AUBURN, July 29.— Stephen W. Jami
£on. a resident of Placer County for rrfty
years, died at his home In Ophir district
thifc mornings He was a member of the
first Grand Jury In ltSl and of the last in
ISS9.
■ ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture and planes, ■with
_pr without removal. J. Noonao, 1017-1021 Mleclon. .
HUNTER ATTACKED
BY CINNAMON BEAR
Animal Falls Dead flfter Six
Bullets Pierce Vital
Spots.
REDDING. July 29.— A party COnaistilUf of Dr. T. L. -Price, F. C.
Chadwick, Jacob Fuqua and Isaac McCandlish has just returned from a
hunting trip in the vicinity of Harrison Gulch., on the west side of
Shasta County. They brought back a huge cinnamon bear skin and tell
a thrilling story of how the great beast was killed at close range by
Isaac McCandlish. " ; ,
McCandlish and two of the othep m<?n had gone up the mountain
side in quest of deer. They separated and McCandlish climbed to the
surr!r . and sat down against a log to rest. He fell asleep and awak
ened to find two immense cinnamon bears peering at him at a distance
of forty feet. McCai called at th<i top of his voice and grabbed
his rifle- He fired a bull< through the Jaw of the foremost bear and
the infuriated beast started ifter him. He moved backward, firing rap
idly. At the ninth shot he fell backward over a log and the bear fell
d<=-ad within six feet of him. Six bullets had struck vital spots. -The
bear was a female and weighed about 400 pounds. The second bear ran
off at the first shot.
GOLF TOURNAMENT ON
SANTA MONICA LINKS
Players From Every Club In Southern
California Compete for
Trophies.
SANTA MONICA. July 23.— The Interest
in golf eventaj which has been Intense in
Santa Monica all summer, culminated to
day in a tournament, the largest ever held
In thj southern part of the Stat". Play
ers -were here From ever;-' club In Southern
California. The Ncrth Side links was th<*
site of the battle-royal. It was a brilliant
social event, many guests enjoying the
courtesy cf the club. Mrs. George Lester
and Mrs. Harry Gorham, assisted by Mrs.
Roy Jones and Mrs. E. J. Gorham. were
hostesses, servir.sj elaborate refreshments.
The ground? were in excellent shape and
the day perfect. Mr. Burmeister and Roy
Jones; president and secretary oi tfco
North Side Club, had given attention :o
all details; and the result was a dsv ot
rare sport. Mrs. G. L. Waring wen the
fir=t cpen and second handicap and was
presented with a:. e!eg-s.r;: lovin^i:?. * he
prizes were a!l very handsome. Ths sum
mary follows:
pen handicap fen rr-r.. 3--i---> rtie-UL r'av—
h . ■; WilshJre v-.r,. w;:h f-.sr-iicsp o* **: A.
C. Maadescond. scratch, second: Ciar-r-.i= I*.
Flower I=. Monro* ♦> snd Xfcd 12. tfed for
third pla-co. Ne: Bcore* Wltshfar lit M&.d? 15*.
Fi^wer ISi Chaprr.ar. US, Monroe U. ; . X:ocl 15-v
Anderson I*2. line* 163, Sllect ;•». Fester K3.
Hunt i€i. Hallldar l«l Ccmde J:r.es 15?. Cc*^^
ICS B-jrrr..?!rt»r I£i, HolterhoU ISS. Cockraa I~X
ifartori 174. Tufts 17*. Tocas I.». Brc«-r. 17?.
May 377 Sevrar.ee 17?. Mossin ITS. Cc«S X,
Neilln W> Barker 131. H^:r-:n 151. Osborne
152, Val! 123, Ruth*n I=4. W:'.s.:r. ITZ. Dosa ISS.
LadS<?s' <-pen handJTJir. ;■ r:.-? — ?<iai r"^T —
■Won by M:«« Crcmch. with hari-ca; '' "■ score
91 r.et: Mr« G. L. T .Var-.r.? secc=-3. «^r» of ?4
from scratch. Ecor*-Mlas Cnjach SU Mr«.
Warir.ir S4. Mr?. R'jjb«n K. Mrs. Griffith 53.
M-s McGorem J? M;.»s Porter Mi. Mr?. <rh»?
rr.an 192 Mi?« Beatty 133. Mr?. HaliMay I;-!.
Mrs Vail IW Mrs. Fii^r:: IV. Mr?. GrirSth "".
Mr? Monroe 139, Mrs. Barter i:t?, il.=s WU
sblre 114. Mrs. Hoyl« 130.
Dog Kills a Z\~
■
-
■■- • .
■ -
•• ■ -
_
- - -
■
■
To Banquet Naval Men.
LIMA. J-:'.v "-.—The ATr.?r<>an cnlnnv ;
-
-
o•-••• • ■ ■ • o
•' *
MRS. WILLIAMS
■v . *
! OF OGDEN !
: <f-
■v *
I FREELY INDORSES THE GREAT . *
* *
% t
I ...HUDYAN... ■]
t *
* SHE DOE THIS BECAUSE HUDYAN \
% CURED HER OF STOMACH AND |
I NERVOUS TROUBLE, %
■v . *
* — <•►
I , m^r--m i ~ %
* *♦♦. . . . , ♦♦♦♦♦<..-. t _ »— _ • "" " " " ** *
? Every man and wnrr«n ir. &*&~* jCfc ;."s- ache*; in fact. I was ■ com- •
t th«« w h should knowaboat^ ..-ML *« !>>t - P h >-^f' I *
1 tb* great and rood Hudyan. 1 f -^vT^ i many remedies and many do- ♦
i' yea^ ar.4 c-ufd eat hut "a few VJLt\ I*. A ~? s comrletely cured I con- *
I thine? I had to exist upon a jK^fift^v^.^ 'i%? S! f' (?r Hudyan a wonderful rem- ♦
1 liquid di-t. Was thin, t-ale and Sa^^v^i-JP"' y> « . a "' 1 ehe * rfu '-y recom- • *
| ißK^^tTb^ r^*^^te's>^«S^ MR R- L - WILLIAI.^ ■ I
■j> *** * * •
* *
* DO YOU SUFFER WITH ANY OF THOSE SYMPTOMS THAT MRS. WtL- r
* Ll^M^ DFSCRIBES IN HER LETTER. BUCH AS LJ«S OF APPETITE HEAD- *
* A^HE« NERVOUSNESS. PAINS IN STOMACH. EMACIATION? OR PERHAPS S
¥ SLEEPLESSNESS, PALLOR. IRRITABLE TEMPER, BLOATING AND A FEEL- X
* ING OF WEIGHT IN STOMACH? ALL THESE INDICATE THAT YOUR DIGES- *
<* TION IS IMPERFECT. HUDYAN WILL REMOVE ALL THESE SYMPTOMS. IF 4
* YOU TIKE HUDYAN YOU WILL PRAISE IT JUST A? MRS. WILLIAMS HAS *
* DONE. HUDYAN STIMULATES TO PERFECT ACTIVITY ALL THE ORGANS T
T CONCERNED IN DIGESTION. HUDTAN ENRICHES THE DIGESTIVE JUICES *
* IN QUALITY ALSO. NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA. INDIGESTION. CATARRH OF %
* STOMACH COSTIVENESS. ARE PROMPTLY CURED BY HUDYAN. *•
* ' i -
I THIN AND SALLOW AS A RESULT OF LIVER I
* TROUBLE, HUDYAN CURED HIM. I
} .».....• •• •».........»»..,.« t
i — 4>
<$> P.MAN Or. j&SE^-\ coctor advised chanse ■'. «1I- *
* Mv Dear Doctors: Your Hud- S&fP 2 **^ ma . t , ar '" ?r * r7 - 1 surroundings, 4>
% yan^a cer^niy a remade W^ i ■''' : • ' tI% %
,|, remedy. For me it has dene fljg^ ■&&-& gave rr.-- sickening cathartics i
4c wonders. Ido not have that *& ,\ \ that sco-cd to take away what vj.
<?> yellow, bliious look now. I . <?i »at little strenrtll I had left. I • jfc
* have not felt as well ia mar.; -^ f 4KBI. •*» 6aw >' our advertisement and r»- <i.
"■ months as I do now. I 20 to .OQj-x. St^ I solve^ t0 &T the Hudyan. with *
* my work now feeiing cheerful the ha PP>' r^ult that lam n»w <j,
•*• ar.d energetic. My tonrue has -^^SSji >S?* :^&^^ cured. I feel certain that any *
if. clt«r^d c-rt n'cei}'- I Uve r. • 7 <2 « .^D^*^' en - taKlr - E ' Hudyan v.i;! t» cm- '.
<*• swellin? about th* abdomen. '>? i 4r* rly re - ai ' a for lh * money ex- ~
>f- My friends all tel me that I • *\ f - • ■"]»■ V' pended. Yoars truly. *
* look well. Some time asro my ' .. ■ JOHN M ALLEN. 4.
<» »«»•»»»••»••*•*** •••••••••••••••••• Z
1 =<
'i> DO YOU HAVE A COATED TONGUE, A SALLOW LOOK. A BAD BREATH. <£>
>- YELLOW EYEc. HEADACHES. DIZZY SPELLS. PAIN IN RIGHT SIDE OR *
T SHOULDER PAIN IN BACK. A MUDDY COMPLEXION? if TOU DO. YOU <5>
'' HAVE LIVER TROUBLE. HUDTAN WILL CURE YOU. HUDTAN STRENGTH- •*
* ENS THI LIVER AND STIMULATES IT TO PERFECT ACTIVITY. A TORPID 4>
*• LIVER MAY SEEM TO TOU. ASIDE FROM THE DISCOMFORT, AN INOFFEN- *
* BIVE DISORDER. IT IS. HOWEVER. MOST SERIOUS. FOR IT USHERS IN •$
<9> COMPLICATIONS THAT ARE DANGEROUS. SUCH AS HEART TROUBLE. CA- *
* TARRH OF THE STOMACH AND INFLAMMATION OF BOWELS. HUDYAN *
* AVZRTS THESE COMPLICATIONS. BECAUSE HUDYAN BRINGS ALL THE OR- *
** G\NS OF THE BODY INTO HARMONIOUS ACTION. HUDYAN IS THE BEST <fe
<V REMEDY KNOWN TO MEDICAL SCIENCE FOR CONSTIPATION AND BILIOUS- -.
* NESS. THIS MAKES IT A RADICAL CURE FOR MALARIA. FOR THE FIRST <g>
<!> EFFECT OF MALARIA IS TO DISTURB THE ORGANS OF NUTRITION *
* HUDYAN CREATES CLEAR COMPLEXIONS. ROSY CHEEKS. BRIGHT ♦
'» EYES RENEWED ACTIVITY AND ENERGY. HUDYAN MAKES YOU WELL. *
* YOU WILL POSSESS ALL THE ABOVE IF YOU TAKE HUDYAN AS PER DI- <h
■* RECTIONS. MEN AND WOMEN FROM ALL PARTS OF THIS GREAT UNION *
* HAVE WRITTEN IN PRAISE OF HU-DYAN. <S>
<> HUDYAN IS FOR SALE BY DRUGGISTS. £0C A PACKAGE OR SIX PACK- *
* AGES FOR J! 50. ; <*•
<*■ IF YOUR DRUGGIST DOES NOT KEEP HUDYAN. SEND DIRECT TO THE *
* HUDTAN REMEDY C 0... CORNER STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STREETS. 4>
<%> SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. it
* " YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDTAN DOCTORS ABOUT TOUR CASE FREE OF A>
* CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. *
* .. .♦
IV-iSS LOGAN ANNEXES
THE 2:07 CLASS PACE
Sherman Clay Favorite in the First
Four Heats Despite His
Poor Showing.
CLEVELAND. July 29.— A small crowd
saw the wind up of the grand circoJt
races though the sport was fine In spite
of the rain which fell for a time during
the afternoon.
Sherman Clay was the* favorite In the
2:>K puco up to the fifth heat, though he
never showed his hose »t the front, Ana
nias wvm tN* first two heat* and MUa
Logan took the next three with ease,
Copeiand was iv hot favorite In tli<> 2:13
trot atul Won without otTost, though i'ti
dw China** wad* a j::uuo atruggle for
r.rs: r4kc« Iw tn« Usi i»»> heat*.
In the s*< vn/o Sphynx S w M th*» fw
rorite and wvm th* nrM i»r*t. •in liuriy
O tiwk t!-«> n«Xt two t»«-uts «viu» tl«t> moo
altec »irt\u-,K unl«h«s,
Derby Lass was playw na favorite in
the a^Sl trot; hut wan never better than
third. Owyhc« woo th« ftn>t heat from
G«ors« Carney, tn ;i driving ttnl»h Oeorgw
Cartaey a^-^t ?h« 5 heat, luit »■>«•> heo
emptwert the third and thr rac*. X nulta
•
Sr^-^IUs ticcaa won third, fourth and tl'th
h*xts. T;~«» laVw. i;^T\ S:V.\ ARMltas won
ttfst &--i mca&d h«kt« sn.l ■>%•«* 5<K-on>s. Tim*.
I:;-"-*. I^u. R~>tU X Shaldan, thmi Sherman
Cliv Ect)s«a w T\". Scrtbn*r. Charlie l ; . Lady
(rf th# i!an.>r, Prlnc* Alert *nd P^arl Onward
S;*O StiTT*J.
;:li cl.t??. trftt'.nsr. parrc $> v «\ b#»t tfcre* in
(rre— Oopeiand w^n In «sraicht h«ats! Tlm<>,
* •*-« t:Wi Z:li. Ttsd.-r Chimea second, Kat?
MeCraeken third. Dr. Le«k. ReJ St.ir. Xorvett,
EBert. Fasten:o. G^orseanna, SUverthorn and
J. B. D. a.*--" s:arte-i.
"U class jacir?. r-^« $1»\ b*st two tn
x.z-**—HasT- O wen st»^-r.d an! thir'. heats.
T'.rr.?. ':'*H. 2:lC**. sptyr.x - won •--: heat
:r. ::: c ar.i'was se<ror.i. Fraiisr ;hlrd.
ZZi ss.tn-tf.ni pur?^ I .b«*t two in
tv.^—o-jrvfcee w;n flrrt and third i«ati Tim*.
2:£i\ ::15. George Carney won second heat In
*::*^'ar.i »ss second. Derby Lass third Go!i
Ijt^e. McAdams, D-jra:t:ar. ar.d L. H. also
Pupils Must Be Vaccinated.
- ■ • ROSA. J
t rea
- ■
■
g ol
- - -
-
■-'.■
- it is ex
■ . -
_ : ■
■ - ■
Eer I
Iliiiißiir^MßiißwrtrtMMM^*""" 111 "*""""** 11111 * 111111
IRRESISTIBLE BARGAINS !
,n»rtf ** »»/ •fiWpw »Ay *ff#rtft« MiM W rt*J '*""**• ,J „. v f,
\ (,t>, i tit tI Ml '<
LACE CURTAINS
*
■
DRESS GOODS DEP'T. I SILK SPECIALS.
■
k2 Bsc
fard^Hce' I "^*:...*. ."..Yard 60C "J^ ££?£& ££«*<* «»U. Tf-
IS^ AU-Wool T^ne a^-..^..:<^ 95C
garnet, new blue Kreen and wacic. rk o gjjk f wa!su , alw ays £»A r
yard excellent valu- at S-c. lor O^C sold at Jl a yard. -Vow Yard OUW
to-morrviW ldllJ
AN UNPBEGEDENTED SALE OF BLANKETS
v^ry prettj border*, actual value $o oo a pair.
row c//o/C£ XT- $3,95 >>
Great Shirt Waist Sale. | Oomestic Djpatment.
*" ■ ■ ...^ this HMoni Wash Fabrics. of
S&sl*S%ti£%M ?*• P^ral^ «n immediate clearance, ot making;
em prtoe .-i i i.-n. \ toward lower p 0 pi ere 9 Colored Dimities, Lawns and
figures. T»i« waists wa ■■ --' < aro Ortfiindic-s. in very preti designs and
ll, in aeubun'd fctylea. We »re aeter ciilnrliiKH. that were sold from 10c to 20c
minai) HOI to r»rr» a bI»bI«» wulst ( , ■[■„ |. closed out. at. K r
over, therefore tha dn>n> cut I" .....,■ Yard Wv
prlaeß. Zin pUoes bent luallty 36-<nch American
Ml o«V H?5 WaUta, made Of the 1..-- Perealeil. in (lark and medium colorings.
r^Ur'^.r.MV ...."». 05C ■;■/; i :;r.a l v:.:' l :':' ; ::...^.^ 6iC
liipii|l|if iis lS Sheets and Pillow-Cases.
iiiSliil i| dered. riadj for use.
Uon. and tuck.. Cut. to .F«h BO dbsen Hemstitched POloit Cases.
Blxe 45x36, worth 20c. at 1Q. C
SOCCICII Sale <)l R bbonS f,O dozen Hemmed Bheeti size 4=%C
1 , . ...„„ Tlxt'O. worth 60c, at Each tcjw
An Immense j.urohii«e «>f Ribbon
P&a"%!S»°^ r llw toltowtal "" SPECIAL I!N
a^wSrS Children's School Hose.
nil the ne« colorings, worth 20c. IQI/-. 100 dolen children's Fast Black RibW
tOibvoffervd at Yard ■—-.'-' Hose _ izes 6 to ju, the kind that sells
S>\» pl^-es B-lnch All-Silk BUcH Moire at i'oo a pair. For to-morrow at. |_q
: ; > 25c . iiiWi^t-B -■ b
r An-Sllk Striped a •• r H - ; '
EXTRAORDINARY GLOVE SALE.
I*o losm Ladles" :-cla.-=p Pique Walking Gloves, in White Black. Brc-a-n Navy,
Green, Tan ar.i Ox Blood, our regular U25 gloves, to b« o^erea ■ oOC
to-morrow only) at ■ ■■"
EVERY PAIR FITTED AND GUARANTEED.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
■HMMMiBIBIIMHIWIiiW"""" 1 " 11 " 11
CASTELLANE'S YACHT
LOSES TO THE LAUREA
• Temple Club's Swift Craft Success- (
folly Defends the Trench
Cup.
COWES. July 2>.-The first of the three :
i International races for the French cup
I took place on the Solent to-day 1 he ;
; course was twenty-four miles. The Tern- _
! Pie Yacht Club, holder of the cup. defend- |
' ed the title with the Laurea. owned by :
! Edward More. The challenging club is
the Union ces Yachts Franchise, and ;
! Count Boni de Caste-lane especially coth
1 «ructed the yacht Anna to try to rewin j
' the trophy. The other races of the senes
; will take place on July 31 ana August ~
The yachts to-day had & good. start 1^ af
i northwest bree=e. The Laurea 5 gamed |
: from 'he start ana won by 1 minute a?.
: The Laurea led around each j
1 mark of the course and was ei?ht minutes j
ahead at the Nab buoy. OfT Karne> >he >
' misunderstood the course and lost twelve ;
• minutes, which, however, were recovered .
1 I "The a Anr.a R anowed U the Laurea forty-six |
Seconds. The wind was light. The race
i wa« started at 11^0 a. m.and was finished
! by the Laurea at 3:S:^ p. xn.. and by the)
; Anna at 3:^:4^. '
GOTTFRIED FILES H!S
CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
I Wants SIOO.OOO for Losses Sus- j
tamed During the Revolution
in Peru.
Special Cablv to The Call ani th* fitrm Tort f
HeraKi. Oppyrighte^, lx-S. by Jara«3 Gor- j
don B»nne:t.
LIMA. July 2? — Edward Gottfried, fonn-1
! erly at Wilkesbarre. was tortured, ill \
1 treated and ted his house plundered, pre- I
pr-r.tea yesterday through Minister Dudley !
= a formal claim for $loO.i>X>.
i The Peruvian Government, de- I
clines liability, on the ground that for- j
! ei^ners at the time of the revolution were j
• exposed to the same risks as natives. >
I Nevertheless the case is a cryinsr scaadaL *
i The only culprit arrested "managed, it is >
i currently reported, to be allowed to es-1
' cape, while various other criminals who j
i were recosrnized and denounced by Gott- ■
! fried are known to be living in the neigh-
I borhood unmolested.
I
Yolo County Valuaticr.s.
WOODLAND, July ».— Auditor C. F. j
I Hadsall to-day forwarded to the State j
j Controller a statement of the assessed
valuation of property in Yolo County for
! the fiscal year 1599-19C0. also a copy of the
i same to the State Board of Equalisation.
! The footings of the assessment rolls v !
i computed by Mr. Hadsail. which include
! the increases and reductions made by the
! County Board of Equalization, are as fol
■ lows: *
j Value cf - ■■-."■■- " "■ ether than city
ar.d towi lots SIO.IST.STI
Improvements on sanif LCSO.9M '
Value cf city and town lot? >3JLtt>
Improvements on same 1.;?<.r05 i
Value of mortgages 2.4»T.5*t }
Value of personal property 1.£55.;5> I
Value of money and solve- 1 credits .. -JOS.SS9
Total value of all property JIS.IIS.JIS
Total value of all property IS»3-59.. M.TSS.ns
Total increase over last year t 315.-O1
EASEMENT NOT WEAKENED.
Erroneous Report of Danger Along
the Sacramento.
WOODLAND. July 2s.— The following i
1 paragraph is g^oing- the rounds of the j
press:
"Immediate work on the easement !
above Sacramento is said to be necessary,
owing to the fact that the high water of
the past winter weakened it in places.
It is feared that if these repairs are not
i made the entire structure may go out next ,
i winter."
This is incorrect. The easement has !
not weakened in places, and there is not
the slightest danger that it will go out ;
next winter, or. for that matter, in the
! next ten years. What is needed Is some
, brush and riprap to protect the land ad- ,
I Jolcinz the easement. • •
MODJESKA FOSTERS
A_CH!LD ACTRESS
Will Direct the Theatrical Training
of Six-Tear-Old Bessie
Bcskirk.
LOS ANGELES. July 2S.— Madame Mod
jeska. Tcho has been passing the week in.
Los Aneeies, to-day announced that sha
irould direct the theatrical training- oi
six-year-old Bessie B^skirk o* this city.
The child will be 3 part of Modjeska'3
company, and on Monday she will go to
San Dieso 10 enter rehearsals. On Sep
tember Q Miss Bessie will appear as the
little kin? in "Marie Antoinette" at tha
Los Angeles Theater.
Bessie s Srst public srpearar.ee was in.
the Auditorium in Chicago when 5 years
of see. She stood or. top of a p:ano and
sane 'There's Only One Girl in This
V.'orSd for Me." The Cora] tributes that
she receired were higher than herself s.n*i
so numerous that the budding; actress was
almost smothered. Madame Hlodjeska ex
presses the belief that this bright little
gir! is one cf the cominjr stars of the taod«
em sta_sre. and she proposes to give her
sucti assistance as will orin^ out her tal
ent.
To Welcome lowa I
DES MOIXES. July S.— Governor Shaw
and staff will sro 10 San Francisco, accom
panied by a party o£ State officials s.r.l
other prominent persons, to receive th<>
Fifty-first lowa Volunteers en their re
turn from the Philippines a!v>ut Septem
ber 15. It is expected a party of Dearly
UQ leadinsr lowar.s will receive the regi
ment at the pier.
r Owl's line
: Is. a: s :
I The Time
The Owl Drug Store r.^v^r
;' closes. Experienced phanna-
I cists are en duty e\^er nv.nure
Night orders, by telerhone or
j- messenger, pro^piiy tiHei and
II instantly disp.uchevi.
I Rose Cold Cream 25c
Mad from swsxt alinccvj H
oil. Freshens the skin m?r
boat riie, a cSa\f or a >\vidu
•| Quinine Pills 30c i
1
100 tii . 40c.
|i Mermen's Toilet P >wd< 1
Well Ktvtrt -:. :u 15c Save jcc I
\-ou 10 cents if you buy hen*. '.
|i Paine'sCelen-Conipound I
Few druggists can afford to (\Qc '
sell it at pur price. Most of
the charge $i.
■; Cascara Compound 25c
Carter's cascara com round is
a most 'reliable cathartic.
Delicate stomachs never re-
ject it; children never refuse
to take it; regular price 50:.
1128 Market St J J|m I
1 1 28 Alarket St -'
1 el. South 356. San Francisco
i; roth >nJ Broidwy (Tel. >U,n 309) Q«kUr.i i ,THE EMPORIUM. THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.^___J|___THi; EMPORIUM. j THE EMPOxtIUM.
m
J 4. f
» Professor {Montague's Great "Bird
J Hippodrome and Circus— exhibits every
♦ /5 minutes between Hie hours of io to
I \l2a. m. and 2iosp. m. Children
+ ! and grown folks alike delighted with
J this novel performance.
» -f -•_ j.
I Special Bargain in
I Furniture — Carpets.
* California's '.cvest-priced Furniture stock. Look around all
* you p'oase. Compare critically. You'll snee'y buy here — if
* mon 'y-aav is an obj ■•• with you.
i ns? ! *Bs*± A * 24.50 for this Sideboard
T ff^^i^J^ Missive Gjlden Oak, highly polished,
* V^^? -"^^ French revel ni'rror, with a convenient
a. )/{ ■■ i /jf^v\jr ' &1 "'° f for storm dscanters, ilverware
* Yr;. .. /...j\\ or orn am»nts, real va.ue $35.
a ■yl^^^^^pj . Our Sidebwd line is unequaled, rang-
* ■ '■—(/ ing m price from $10 to $150.
* E2HSS 95c lor this rt — n
* i>*r^*sSst i Chair, U^^^i I
5- jrf^'-^lYfr -'.'<J ; S' ! v Golden Oak .X^ffii^. I
t^gj mm cha , ir - \M\\
, i V " "in iT "T»L braced hacks, 9903
* _b"*^V*_^t*^] large $eat, a fine iSlfl
J ~ . 'ooker and an ex- . I Ifill ,|
X aptionallv good oiler for tb.3 price WcIIMAIL
J A'orth $1.35. " J^-**^Sl
* ■ Our line of Chairs range in price from S^~~Y
* 50c io $5.00. B=3^l£==lW
I P£j£ 265 rolls of high- \j \1
J grade Carpet, all new
* sprmq patterns,. Bought by us at a
* discount of 25 per cent from ordi-
•■. n*ry prices, and to be sold the same
j way,
g, ingrain GarpGt— Gooci, heavy and serviceable carpet,
£ in a nice a-sortra n . of pat "eras and coloring?, worth 4l c —
#v our price ; 300
* Tapestry Brussels Bright Persian and floral effects,
■^ heavy a l-^ool's-'urface, with borders to match, worth 7f>c —
* our price 55C
Axminster Gar/ietS Hntford make, a fine, oet-p
pi r enrper, made of Che ver» b«_-.-it cieared wojl that money
A\ can buy — ocr 25 per c-nt discount purchase enabl°- u^ t«
> ■.■se'l this grade of Axminster; wcrth $1.3"> yard, for.. $UQO
* Axminster Rugs— Made by one of the leaning m iU,
* O.ivr.ta 1 a:,d Peisian «.!* sign?, size 12x9 f^et, worth $27.50 —
* Oa sale Monday $19.51
■6k
i Great Grocery Specials
* I tents for Monday, Tuesday, Wednosday.
fr Extraordinary Prices for Pure Food Products,
J in the big Grocery and Liquor Department that is
5. growing every day.
* Hesperian Hayw.-irJs TomaiOCS — for the 3 days, 4 c«n3
g for " 25t5
J 0/7 // / dozen to a customer.
Pyramid Soap Powder— l-Ib packages, regn'arly 10c —
,J6k for 3 days, 5 pick-cr-s for 25c
* Pyram d S oap Powder- 6-oz packages, regnlany 4- —
* for 3 diy-. 12 iiackazes for 25c
* Laundry Sof p — lib bars, good qu.lity, unwrapr>'"1 — ror
* the 3 days. :-55 hi s for $UOO
5 R -v.V Dutch Cocoa- 1-ib cans, regularly 90c — \0r....75G
ft. A. &B. Caufo nia O ive Oil— large bottles— for iln 3
g» days at S Do
£i Kor/r money refunded if you want it.
* Harper Pnr? Rye or Cyrus Noble Bourbon— "none be ter"
* —for 3 day-. Der bottle ... 83c
6 Port or Sherry— Oj.- zIJ.O gallon qua ity — for " dan
* at ". $ .OO
?Tn Gin or H ■ land Gin— On $ICO per bo: tie quauty— tor
»o :-■»■.-< 83c '
1 TSSF E£"/M$ $%s!ss? 3 lll §W At ®® GOLDEN rule bazaar !
% fa B B Mam iv mWm 8T %a&£jp &$ m& *&&!? ImWm California's Largest- America's Grandest Store* 4
AMERICANS CROWD
LONDON STREETS
Year Marked by Inrush
cf Tourists.
JOCKEY SLOAN IS MISSED
NO OVE ELSE CAN HANDLE
BERESFORD'S HORSES.
Former Speaker Reed Gives an Inter
esting Account of His Travels
and Observations on the
Continent.
Copyright* 18S3. by the A*EC*latPd Pr»ss.
LONDON. July 29.— The inrush of
Americans is unabated and they are to
be seen everywhere. They are lavish pur
chasers of ■ -.thing that strikes their
fancy. Shopkeepers -ay this is the best
Amerl season since the financial panic
of 1596. and they declare that the new
customs reflations seem -not to affect ;
purchasers, and the sign conspicuous in
many shop windows. "Prices made to suit
the American tariff." Is apparently su
jif-rfluous. This is particularly tru as
regards art and curio dealers, who suy '
that Americans no longei ask the price
of an article but purcha** the. most ex
pensive objects they display.
The return of "Plunger" Riley Grannan
to London is believed to foreshadow a
vigorous turf campaign by the Ameucan
contingi and the fact that no one nas
been able to ride Lord William Beres
ford's horses to victory since the suspen- I
sion of Tod Sloan has done much to re
new faith in him and to create the belief i
that he will repeat his brilliant successes |
when be return?.
It is quite pathetic to see how BurKe,
the Harvard runner, who participated In |
the ■ national university athletic
games, takes defeat. He lias been in •>• a
most of the weeic with cramps and acute
pains in the stomach. His illness is ag- j
1-ravaK-d by the belief that he alone is
responsible for the i ricans defeat.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press saw him to-day looking haggard
taid ill. Burke has lost fourteen pounds
within the week, but he taiked in a
manly plucky all through my training,"
"I bad pains all through my training,
he said, "and entered the race In a funky j
condition. When I covered three hundred
yards I knew I was beaten. Graham had
a lot in him and finished strong as a bull.
Yes Wendell knew Of my condition, but
we were not throwing away any chances
a -id so I determined to do my best and
was well beaten by the beat man 1 ever j
m t ji. is a stronger man than Jordan, .
whom I defeated in America Now 1 .say
pood-by to the running path. 1 nave
given away my pumps and breeches and
v ill never sel foot upon the track again.
The Saturday Review devotes a leading
,'irticle to Bevere criticism of the American
athletes "who possess virtues we often
associate with professional training, and
comes to the conclusion fliat Americans
are the tter gymnasts and Englishmen
the better athletes. The Spectator, con
gratulating Itself tl-r-t all the long rac<
were won by Englishmen, says the Amer
ican t^am contained at least Irish or
Irish-Americans. "
Thomas B. Reed, former Speaker of the
House of Representatives, greatly en
joyed his run on the Continent. Mr. Reed |
said to the correspondent of th,e Associ
ated Press to-day:
"I spent three weeks in Brussels ana
- .
IV (v /^^Sih /^^^)^^^^^ }ie orium has made extensive preparation to supply all
tool V- 6f|2p^ /dßtmff/^**^^^ °^ y° ur school wants. A special school book and school supply
\t o \yf '■■jttjk >§®sWfi \s^7s^B^^ department has been opened. Many lines of children's clothing
M - MlO^ r -3^^/ C~~Mf~-^^^^^ and furnishings (the sensible wear-well kinds) have been reduced for Monday
j|r ~Tj| " : r^C^^-\ r~-\l ■ C "°l^^^<7 selling. Extra help has been engaged for the school outfitting departments.
"\-JILLr 1 \\( \U^^^T =::Z::::::=^^ 0^ If parents cannot come, send the children. They will be served as carefully and
J^fl&!j^ \^|! j\\ I *ii§y^ satisfactorily as though accompanied by their elders. This store is pre-eminently
&]| /}/ [f^^K the headquarters for school outfitting. We have everything you can possibly need. Prices and
rPrll I / rJk£f^ f( / J '/-' /} I service here as nowhere else.
W^C^ GsjtiL lif The special School Book and School Supp'y Department on the
I \«| ' J^p'fli Jl\ main floor, back of rotunda, has every book that will be used in the Primary. Grammar
\y\ \ or High Schools of this city; and. as for the little odds and ends that every child needs who is
\ I C^ \\ properly equipped for school, who can or will match prices like these?
Slat? Pencils 10c and 15c per ICO Pencil Boxes— fittfd-£c, 10c. l'c and 20c j Ru er? sc, 8c and 10c I Pencil Tablets. 125 pag^s, Bxlo inches.. r e
Cedar Wood Slate Pencils ocperdozen Htavy Feit-Bound Sla es— Nu.nericul Sate-5 26c 50c Sud^nts' Note 800k....- 10c
S eel P«ens, assorte-l £cper dozen 5x 7 inches >cea h CompaB : es— eool strong ones 25c ' 400-Pag- orters' Book 2oc
Cedar Lead Pencil- Ec per doz?n 7x 1 inches 8c each Eurek Drawing P 1 per 5c Spe'.Hnt; Bl ink 5c «nd 10c
PenHoder? 6c d .zen Bxl2 inches 10c each Irang'.^ Drawin? Paper 10c Note B:ok 5c and 10c
Colored Crayons _r> per dozen . Leather Schoo Straps 5c j ! enci. Tabl ts, 200 pages 5c i Compo* ton Bioks 4c and 9c
Chalk ". 144 pieces for 12c Automit:c Schoo. Strap 10c and 1c ! I .
PT& 9 MAS A * KBJBI B £!£^ & (££>& B SMI ALL ARTICLES
Boys' Hats- Monday Special Sale GirTs L wm'Wea.
f___ __ _..m ~m * «r» . . **m-'m Cloth and L*athar Knee P.- ot »"-o b
f-r^^\ Of Many Articles That School Chil- 25c pair
(^jZji^ dren Witt Need and Must Have— New, side Supporters— loop an i pin .
Jc L,f Britsht Goods, the Latest of Their f Co and 12c nair
•V *r tiinii at ns*£%nl\r Cut PHct*Sm Shell and B ack R. und C nr^fOct
TjT nina, at ueepsy uuz rnces. She]l anl Fancy Braid Pms Scto 35g
■^//^ BoyS and Thesa two items are poaitive'v for Mjniay only. If Black acd Colored Leather Bta
_ .„ . .... __ „ fZiii*** cffnac you noed i hilare School S.o^, don't ov r'.ook this 2C to SDO
Boys School Hats 33c-Pos- Girls Shoes. offerj Lind-av's Shoulder Sunporter , v
HaL \tJX Z hJ^T/??°7 a C i'H en's Chocola'e Co o- Vici Kid Lace Sh.es, new coin toes, . • 2Oc and 25 O
SS2 tt-h r7shWats,Z fnf kid.ps sewed soes, s ; ri.g bee,.' up to dte >gg !!^SWSi
will stand any anmint of knocking \ LH Tn t §i ""s zes, 8^ to 11, special M nd»v r7=T Children's Whita L"iwo H< tche
about, n seal brwnor dark blue- \ ¥ft in e .»1.-J s «s. a,io , p $!.O7 \FT I Han k«rch 3Ctach
Telescope Hats ■ IIl oi Pr tty I k»|^ Th'» 51.48 s zes. 11'^ to 2, special Moada- l/» , H, ,stitch3d embroHered IHi tc.nrs for
shades or oi.e and pearl— all sizas (fl '"'' ■ ■•■■ $1.23 AL A skirts an-i dresses 85c yard
lZ*Z;rrCtnX C *i*h?\t 12S LN,^W Boy» V Tho*coiace Co'or Vici Kd Lu-o M$ A ■ Two yards long Point d'Eipm au . Liwa
tim next Saturday n.ght at 33c t^^P^. Saoejv ne.v E g ish toes and t,p , /A S . cBrf » 5Cc each
S*§mslrlav** **O*hnn!l V'^v sewei 80lii so.c , a nea\ durib c /s*iS AS Satin and Gros Grain Hair R.b:> ns— new
%*nilUren S &&nt*Uß shoe— / If colorings iOc to 12y c yard
Unef&rwear — Hoe. The s?.oo euea 11 0 2, Mo-da-.- $f.?5 y^\^ Sto k and Bet R l bi 'i^S»" of tne
C.i.dren's heavy fleece ii ed Jersey The % \25 s!z?s 2s / to s'^, Bpecial Monday $1.35 ke-sss* 1^ new shades ISO to 25 C yard
ri bed V st. Pant- a-,: boys' Draw-rs, Boys' Golf Shirts— 'French perca in he ruw coloring?, link cuff* to
natura. gray co or, siz s 1- t> 3t. per match, tegiUr y•> c e.ch on specia sile M >nd j only 380 &CnSJUJB <&IBUU£*m
„ Im^t-i V, • ; ? 5 ° School Handkerchiefs-On Monday only the big store ofe r 150 doz^n Back irom vacation-Shoes worn out-
Cn.ld-et.'. French cott n Swi-a G r ° ' h ■" lawn H r.d .er.hief,-, fancy drawn and tape effects, regularly 55 • our Shoes :or boys and g>r! 3 w,l! fill the
■ ibbed \e-t-, Pant; and boys Draw rs. ' "- c "„ » ' " r ' iOc DI 1. /w
carm'nt-siS 1? 3°nd r ' r»SC- GOV3S for Schoo'l-Pos^i'y' Mm 'a" "^r ar'rt'e" »a"^" P rice. Boy.' rood Ca f L, c^ " fW(
uarm.nt sizes 1 6 »7«dB U ml , 3 ,' $ .2cl,, P Wakm^;!ova,r d,brownor ■ t«. siz 13 4« t» 6 ,', ani bo , sho 8t r , ew com toes I/./
m^..and6,OTC s z.s 7 and 8, m J Walking Glov s, Overaeam and p q ic stitching, red, b.o*n or ta >. and tips, solid sewed i^ I
ChHdrfn'.lxlrbhed ■.,!. to 6«. to-morrow all day at 690 so'es a quality noted Cg*g} A
Lhiiflreii weight /T^ Cloth for School Dresses -34-inch Fancy t., -j very stylish, new fr>r it durabil tv — Wf/J
htav -weight silk f . i>, C/O#lf for School Dresses - 34-inch Fancy Plaid*, rery rtylhb, new o-J c , m tf> 2 y ffil/J
firish^d fa t black ffA -\l combination colorin in tais and blu.e, greens and yellow, an extra good value bizeB *■£ t'jl M^i^ j<y
Cotton Hose, J\ -F at 50c yard— apecial sale Monday only at 380 "•••—' j*»» • /^
double knee, heel _, _L-^ -jJ ..^-_-.-.- _^ —3, Brownie Lunch Boxes- Made of tough red * %i.70 /^^%^^
and French w yen y^C^T-^n "^ -— — —^cTTr re, stron?, ne.t. durable, t , orougtily waterproof and " Trs^ s£^^'^
to>, a s le-.did /ffl (sU/L \- ' Ml cao be easily washed. C ufdren's Back Vici Kid
weing and vary / \ (y f\ j P Sze 6x4 -nches— -pecia 1 Mon-'av 9C \ Lace and But on Sioes,
dre-sy Btock ng, Q- \AV L£ °Lr? Siz- 7'ix4,^ inches-specia Monday 110 X\. \ kid tops new coin toes
siz s 5 to 10 %J*gLX,MJ f>^ Size 854x0 .nches— special Mon Jay 130 \ f 1 tent > ther tips, sowed
ircn.b, p.r pa^.^ — «-i v Eoys' School Stockings—F^tra heavy, 2xl ribbed, ab?o!utsly fast J W \ soles, spring heels, stro
................ *»>» Uji f Ull ack, 2-tfirejd M ico Cotton H .-c, dou'jle heel ani knee», se-im foot, mids K. %r \ and =c viceabl?
a D.auuiui assri- rk\! I »U. for rou^h e ar. sol • everywhere a: 25c p ir— for to-day on v si7.es 6ro 10 l^O&X 3boe3> ent - el in
dren'd s otch Ivc^ in-h--, " 161^ p ir. or 3 DV for • sOc app-arunc!—
Plaid and Roman -— -2*> Misses' School HOSO— lxl ribbed, fast black Micj Cotton, spliced -^^^ B ' Z 'il /in
Striped Fr»n h Cotton Hcse, Fizes Hto ankles, doub knees, reguiariy 12 c per pair-on M >nday only— 3Z3 5' f> 10 , " rtW ■'""J'" 110
«i^ per pair 17c I inches-per p-ir SO i fc)Z3Sii!^lOii ifitmSO |
Kit, per pair i^o f h . ,-,. .
was there during th<> recent acute crisis.
m has yet Other crises to meet, hut
tremendous resources wili enable her
• in*- oul on top. In Herlin I m■'
many hading statesmen. One learns
much from such men and obtains a point
of view totally different from that of
America. I round everywhere on the
Continent evidences of a continued and
growing good will in the best circles and
amonir those whose opinion every Ameri
can values. I spent a month In Parki and
watched the French and the French leg
islation with wonderment. The infinite
wit of the French, the 'usual view they
tak- of things which we Anglo-Saxons
hang to with serious tenacity, make them
oat fascinating- study. Natus-illy I
■ bray opinions of home polities. The
nd administration arc now
tncklintr a field of foreign politics never
nted to or dealt with by any former
administration. Time will straighten out
this tremendous ;.rohl«»m presented to us.
All I can say Is that we will solve it weJl
and honorably."
HAD PLANNED TO WRECK
NEW YORK BUILDING!
Infernal Machines and Diagrams
Found in a Suicide's
Trunk.
NEW YORK. July 2ft.— Mrs. Jackson,
who conducts a boarding-house nt 305
West Onf' Hundredth and Forty-seventh
street, has furnished the police with evi
dence of what they regard as a conspir
acy to wreck with bombs many of the
big buildings in this city.
It la believed the conspiracy originated |
with two foreigners, one of whom.
"Count" Eugene Noroff. committed bu!
(■:)'■ in Central Park July 9. and the other
of whom is declared by Mrs. Jackson to
have ended his life soon after the death
of Noroff.
Evidence of the conspiracy, which Mrs.
Jackson turned over to ihe police, wu
found In N'oroff's trunk, which had been
!•■!'• in her possession and which she
: . In the trunk were five brass cyl
inders, each six Inches long and from one
eighth to one-half an Inch in diameter,
wires and a wooden block three
Inches long, with a hole In the center,
I with -what is thought to be gun
cotton.
With these articles were found dia
grams of the Madison Avenue Hotel and
I many other la.rtfe buildings In different
I^i rta of the city. •
SMUGGLING GUINN
OUT OF THE STATE
Officer Fleeing With the Bigamist,
Despite Habeas Corpus Pro
ceedings.
STOCKTON, Juiy 29.— Inspector of
Police William H. Medley of Fall River,
Mass., passed through Stockton this
afternoon with Walter R. Gulnn of
Santa Barbara, who is wanted in Mass-
husett? for polygamy. Gulnn has
been under arrest at Los Angeles and
habeas corpus proceedings were tried
to get him away from the Eastern offi
cer. Last night at midnight Medley
put his man aboard the train at Bur
,bank and came through. He did not
expect the Los Angeles officers would
learn of the coup until some time this
afternoon.
Mrs. Gulnn, who is a young heiress,
her parents being the Lakes of Fall
River,- Mass., did not accompany her
husband East, but has gone to Santa
Maria to await the outcome of his diffi
culty. Guinn's father, it is. alleged, will
advance plenty of funds for his defense.
To Take Hawaiian Census.
WASHINGTON. July 29.— Alatu T. At
kinson, an editor of the Honolulu Star,
has been designated by Census Director
Merriam as special agent in charge of the
cpiisup !n Hawaii. He had charge of the
Hawaiian census in 1896.
THE BAH FRANCISCO CALL, St'NDAT, JULY 30, 1899.
RIDICULE THE
PEACE CONFERENCE
Opinions of the German
Press.
NOTHING WAS ACCOMPLISHED
EVEN ITS FRIENDS ACKNOWL
EDGE DISAPPOINTMENT.
England and America Severely Criti
cized for Their Fight for the
Dumdum Bullet and Call
ed Inhuman.
Copyrißhted, 1599. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN". July 29.— The papers this week
have been giving their verdict of the out
come of the Peace Conference at The
Hague. The tone of the comment of the
papers friendly to the conference gener
ally is one of disappointment that so little
has been accomplished, while those op
posing indulge in pleeful felicitations that
no more was accomplished. The Tagblatt
considers that the form of arbitration
adopted marks an important step toward
securing the peace of the world, and adds:
"Whoever Knows the toilsome way In
which progress of international law Is
made will be satisfied with this result."
The Post says: "The result shows that
thus" who had been neither too optimistic
nor too pessimistic in expectations were
in the right."
The most important result the Post sees
Is that n method Is now open to nations
for settling difficulties, saying: "While the
conference has not ushered In the millen
ium. still it shows that the powers are
earnestly striving to preserve for the
peoplt-s the blessings of peace."
The National • Literal Boersen Zeitung
calls th<- final protocol a funeral oration
and Fays the results equal zero.
The j£reu» Zeitung, referring to the
T'nited States and England, says: "Th"
nations that boasted loudest of their hu
manity made the stoutest resistance to
really practical humanitarian proposi
tions."
The Kreuz Zeitung- further points out
that while England and the United States
stood together in opposing the prohibition
of bombs tilled with noxious gases the
United Slates backed up England's r. -
fusal to abandon the dumdum bullet.
"The platonic declaration of the confer
ence for the principles of the Czar's proc
lamation." the Kreuz Zeitung continues,
"introduces absolutely no change in exist
ing conditions."
The Agrarian Deutsche Tages Zeitung
makes merry over the friends of peace,
whose cherished hopes are far from neing
realized.
The Hague correspondent of the Frank
furter Zeitung say«: "The American dele
gates are quite satisfied with the achieve
ments of the conference. They played a
very happy role, which they were able to
do through their conciliatory position. It
was chiefly due to this position of the
Americans" that Germany was finally won
over to the plan of the permanent arbi
tration bureau. Mr. Holls and others told
the correspondent that after Professor
Zorn's speech, in which Germany's oppo
sition to the permanency of the arbitra
tion court was emphasized, the situation
had grown critical and it seemed probable
that the conference would dissolve pre
maturely and nothing be accomplished,
which would have brought the odium of
the fiasco upon Germany and have the
effect of Isolating her in her relations
with other powers."
COLONEL BURNS
WAITS IN VAIN
Gage Has Not Yet Gone
to Catalina.
GOVERNOR GROWS MUTINOUS
SAID TO BE TRYING TO THINK
FOR HIMSELF.
Politicians Fear That He May At
tempt to Throw Off the Yoke
of the Man From
Mexico.
Speetai Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 29.— Contrary to
all expectations. Governor Hpnry T.
Gage so far has not found time to visit
Colonel D. M. Burns at Catalina,
whither the political loader wended his
way three weeks ago. Governor Gage
will not say when he will leave for Sac
ramento or when he will go to Cata
lina. This peculiar uttitude of the ex
ecutive is causing a deal of trouble
among political bosses in this end of
the State and has given rise to much
gossip. Local Republican leaders are
wondering whether a coolness may not
have arisen between the Governor and
Colonel Burns, that may culminate in
a shattering <>f political alliances BO
closely formed a year ago.
The appointment of Judge Fitzgerald
to the Los Angeles County Superior
Court Judgeship is taken by many to
mean that Governor Gjipp is now act
ing independently, and that he has
taken the political bit between his teeth
with a determination to assume his pre
rogatives. This sentiment is not dis
guised; it is freely spoken and is
heightened by the slap that lawyers
say was given to the dozen of local can
didates for the Superior Court.
On the other hand, the friend? of Cnl
onel Burns assert that he has informed
them Governor Gage did not make the
selection of Judge Fitzgerald until he
was consulted, and that he approved
the course of the Governor. These same
friends go further and assert with *.
charming degree of positlveness that
Colonel Burns is taken into confidence
before any appointments whatever arft
made. That the friends of Burns are
chagrined owing to the failure of th»
< lovernor to meet the man from the
north is apparent.
Work for Thousands of Men.
STOCKTON, July 2ft. — It is now given
out definitely that the first Sierra Road
train will arrive at Angels on January 1
next. The survey on the Tuolumne side of
the river has been completed, and a good
part of It has been done on the other side.
Grading from Jamestown to Tuttletown
will be commenced next Wednesday, and
from Tuttletown will be continued on to
Robinsons Ferry, and from there to An
gels Camp. The depot site has been laid
east of the Utica chlorine works on An
gelß Creek. It is the intention of the con
tractors having the construction of the
new road in hand to employ 500(1 men to
work on the road if that number can be
secured.
NEBRASKA'S
VOLUNTEERS
HOME AGAIN
Hancock Arrived Late
Last Night.
— « —
ELEVEN HUNDRED ABOARD
WANT TO BE MUSTERED OUT IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
Left Nearly a Hundred of the Regi
ment Dead on the Battlefield or
in the Philippine
Hospitals.
Thf transport Hancock with the gallant
Nebraska volunteers aboard sailed into
the harbor at .11 o'clock last night and
anchored in the stream off Black Point.
The regiment will probably come ashore
this morning. Immediately it was an
nounced thai the Hancock was In sight
Governor Poynter. Cadet Taylor, Adju
tant General Barry and Congressman
Stark, wbo came out from Nebraska for
the purpose of greeting the State troops
as sunn as they should again set foot on
their native soil, left the Palace Hotel and
took a boat at the water front to meet
the big transport in the stream.
The Hancock has a passenger list of
1100, made up of the Nebraska regiment
and discharged and time-expired soldiers.
The men were all delighted with their
trip up from the Philippines and were
glad to be at home again. There were
only fifteen easel of sickness on board,
but none of these were serious.
The Nebraska organization returns by |
nc means a full regiment. There were !
sixty-nine ©f the men killed in battle and ]
ninny others left in the hospitals because !
of hard work at the front. The regiment j
was kept on the fighting line almost con- |
stuntly from the time the nm gun was I
fired. Colonel Stotaenburg, its popular
commander, lost his life in one ot the
hardest battles of the Philippine cam
paign.
Like the Oregon boys, the men of Ne- I
braska are one and all in favor of h> ing
mustered out in San Francisco, and as It
is the policy of the administration to i on- ;
pult the wishes of the soldiers on that
point it |s likely that orders to that effect
will be issued.
TO COMMAND THE IOWA.
Captain C. F. Goodrich Ordered to
Relieve Captain Terry.
WASHINGTON. July 2!>.— Captain C. F.
Goodrich ha? been detached from com
mand of the cruiser Newark and ordered
to assume command of the battleship
lowa on September 1. relieving Captain
Terry, who is ordered home on waiting or
ders.
The assignment is of special interest in
connection with the plans to make the
lowa the nucleus of a considerable fleet
on the Pacific Coast and execute an ex
tensive programme of naval mnneuvers.
Being the only battleship of the fleet, the
lowa will probably rank first among the
I ships of that station, and Captain Good
irich doubtless will have command.
t — ■ — — — f }
{Mail orders filled the day received, «
tind satisfactorily. «
Proper Materials fort
School Dresses, |
38-inch Fancy Suitings— L'ght and meaium shade?, in <#
stylish mix -.urv-s— i bar; in at" 23 C yard ♦
33-'nch fancy Mixed Suitings — tombipafon co oringa *
of greens, tans nd b uos— also 38-.rc'i So'iol i n -hades J
of creep, blue, brown ail i red — at 350 yard *,
46-i Fancy Ottomans- Two-tcned efffcts— green
anl whi c. i> .rk nni wnite, and brown and green — also 40-
in h Fancy Checks in browns, hues, tans nnd greens •#
—an exri v v.. at • 53C yard *
46-inch Fancy Checks and Mixed Suitings— *
Aborted patterns of many broken lines your choi«*« ai J
; 75c yard J
Special Sales of |
School Clothing. Z
Three big extra bargains for this first iveek of J
school. There is style and servic in every one of <#
these suits. *
r*\_ Venice School
-f—^ Suits f r ths Little «
l» S-jf FeliOWS — Suit consists ♦
/gpy~^^, V^/ of J icket. witu sailor col- <*
VWiwJ/^Y%K lar— prettily trimmed— a J
ijT*^ fej/TV^'X vest— end trooser* trimm.d J
? e r \ at the knee with brail :w.d T-
c \ buckle. Good r.ssortment
W^iGl^y^f ■ W °f Fanc y Cassim?res and #
/ >v^ %jf\ \ °lJ Cheviot 3« iv all , sn:ide;l » v
/ '/rM f/yQ^^i iJj ve>t--::nd with neat con- J
i f *p \ at the knee with lirai i ..d J
-k \ buckle. tJuid :. s.-ortment
A ' )~j of Fancy Gassim^res and
H L c fV Cheviots, in all shades, «
*.V ' trimmtd with neat con- ♦
/ *// oTio "■'T^MTtfTi trasting rollara— sizes for "♦
/ // °LS?' VT /\\ boy* 3 to 7 years. There «
/y v°/Fv>' Ij \\ are ss t 8 in this lot that ?
VF/N /'' /^ /I T\ * re reaiiy worth $5 and
// \ Al/ I VI $ . he big store's price <£
/ JkU \j \J for this week o;ly is -,
W(*/ [Tl nY $2.45 2
I lOf >^" x? Soys' Strong +
j I jv^ School Suits— oi- «
| VJ b e-Breaited Coats, Knee <•
I Ail _»r Pants — made of st it y <"
\lm s3^ al-wool c'oths, thorough y *
>/**" tailored— our regular $4 *
anl $4 50 values — there are about IX) uits in th • lot — *
sizes for boys 9to ;5 years— the big store's price will be... 
$2.6 J «
Boys' All Wool Knee Pants • &Oo «
Boy-' Moth--r 1 Friend Shirt Waists sOc and 75s *•
Boys' Long Pants Suits at $5.00— New B:ue «
C ieviot, new grays and browns— just i rrived— evjry suit *
strictly all wool and the latest and best obtainable for J
school wear— e^u'ar $7 50 values— the big store's pri
this week • $5,00 <#
—
— *
Boy*' Furnishings. ♦
Compieie School Ou\fit. «
Boys' Madras Goll Stiirts — fast colors— with detachable cuffs to ♦
ma/eh 750 *
Boys' earner's Percale Golf Shirts in the newest blue checks and i
str.pes $UOO *
Boy 3* French Percale Shirts, with colored bosoms anJ cuffs to <f
match— fast colors • 750 <#
Boys' Ail- Wool Worsted tweaters— in crimson, navy hue or ♦
w^ite $1*35 ♦
Boys' Monarch Dress Shirt3 — linen besom— perfect fittiog..7sc J
Boys' rlannelt-Tte Overshirts— in neat stripes— each 45C J
Boys' Cotton Overihirts — in neat light effects — made with yoke
back , " 45C «
Boys' P ain Biack Sateen Overshits 50c v
Buys' Extra Large Shape Witd-sor Bows— in p'.aid^, stripes and H
checks 25S *
Boys' Windsor Scarfs in the newest pitterns— full length— «
each 25-i J
Boys' Linen Co!lar3 in all the latest shapes— eac • tiiO J
Boys' Suspenders — pair lOC 15G anl 250
Boys' Form-Fitting Undr« ear— all sizes— por garment.. .4oc «
Boys' Socks— tan or biack— seam ess— 2 pairs tor 25c +
4
BOYCOTT ON
CLEVELAND CARS
Merchants Afraid to Pat
ronize the Lines.
ALL UNION MEN JOIN IN
VEHICLES OF ALL KINDS ARE
PRESSED INTO SERVICE.
General Axline Sets a Trap to Catch
Men Who Refuse to Serve the
Soldiers — Law Against
Rioters.
Sr-'rial niaratoh to The Call.
CLEVELAND, July 29.— Although or
der has practically been restored with
in the city, the railroad strike has re
solved itself into a general boycott of
Ihe Big Consolidated Company and
everybody who rides upon Its cars. Ap
parently the strikers have the sympa
thy and active co-operation of all the
labor organizations in the city. Not
only are merchants being punished for
riding on the tabooed cars, bat they are
warned against selling goods to other
people who do ride, on threat of losing
the trade of union men. Instances are
given in which druggists have refused
to sell medicine to people who were
accused of patronizing the Big Consoli
dated Company, and physicians have
been boycotted for riding upon the cars
while going to see their patients. The
boycott is most severe on the small
dealers who do business on streets that
are populated largely by union men and
their sympathizers.
A number of these merchants have
published advertisements to-day, offer
ing rewards ranging from $JS to $500
for reliable evidence thai they or ar.y
of their clerks or relatives have ridden
on the cars since the strike began, and
a number of communications have been
sent to the papers by physicians, gro
cers, butchers and others protesting
(heir innocence of the charge of having
patronized the railroad company. As
yet the big retail merchants have not
felt the effects of the boycott severely,
though it is said some of them have
been requested to forbid their clerks to
ride on the cars.
Thousands of working people are go
ing to and from their homes in buses
Of every kind and description from
huckster wagons to tallyhos, and in
certain sections of the city the cars
run with few passengers. This is not
true of Euclid. Cedar, Central and
Wade Park avenue lines, which run
through the best parts Of the East End.
There the cars are pretty well filled.
The boycott of the troops has arous
ed the ire of Adjutant General Axline.
who says there is a State law to pun
ish persons who interfere with the mil
itia. There Is one section of the stat
utes which provides a maximum pen
alty of $1000 fine and six months' im
prisonment for every person who tries
to Dersuade or discourage a man of the
National Guard from responding to a
call for riot duty. General Axline says
the boycott and the threat of certain
employes t<> put on the blacklist those
employes who turned out with the mil
itia, are covered by this law and he
threatens to Institute proceedings
against dealers if the boycott is contin
ued. He says also that he may begin
under the civil rights law and ho sent
several soldiers to a restaurant for din
ner with the express purpose of bring
ing such action against the proprietor
if he refused to serve them.
The police have begun to deal with
the rioters more severely. Heretofore
they have been arrested for misde
meanor. Hereafter they will be charg
ed with fel«>ny. One prisoner was
bound over to-day to the Grand Jury
on the charge of stone-throwing and
the maximum penalty for that offense
is three years' imprisonment in the
penitentiary. Two other prisoners were
arraigned on the charpe. of placing ob
structions on a street railroad track.
The maximum penalty fur that offense
is eight years in the penitentiary. This
action was taken by the police on the
order of Mayor Farley, who insists that
the rioters have been dealt with too
leniently in the police COUftS.
DOYLE WANTS A WRIT
OF HABEAS CORPUS
The Millionaire Is Confined in Jail
for Disobeying an Order
of Court.
DF.XYER. July 2Tt.— Attorney Charles J.
Hughes petitioned the United States
Court to-day for a writ of habeas corpus
for James A. Doyle, the millionaire mine
owner, who is confined In jail at Colo
rado Springs on account of his refusal to
obey an order of the El Paso County Dis
trict Court and surrender a judgment for
$700,000 obtained in an lowa court against
his former partner. James Burns. Judge
Hallett took the matter under advisement.
VERT JSEMEiN TS.
Last Chance!
ONLY
ONE MORE DAY.
Contracts for machinery now being let. Sink-
tng of wells in three different places to com
mence inslJe of twenty days.
NO ■ MORE STOCK AT $3.00
AFTER AUGUST Ist.
During the past two weeks hundreds have
Investigated and put in their money. The mo-
ment we strike oil
FORTUNES ARE MADE.
Orders received up to midnight of MONDAY,
July 31st, will be filled at $3 per share. Right,
however, reserved to return all subscriptions
received after the balance of the 5000 share
are taken.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co,,
322 PARROTT BUILDING, SAX FRANCISCO.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
56
SUNDAY . . ..7. JULY 30, 1899
X)HN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
"TddresrAiTcommunicationt to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFiCE Market «nd Third Sts.. S. F
Tal«T)hone Main ll€B.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stev.n.on Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BT CAKniKRS. 15 CENTS PSR WBHK.
Slnsle Copies, B cent«. _^
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday Call), one. y«ar 'S'JJL
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday Call), t months 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). I month« 1.00
PAILY CALL— By Single Month *>j>o
BVNDAT CALL One Year .-• *»o9
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive subscription*.
6«jnj»l« copies will be forwarded when r*<pi«»ted.
OAKLAND OFFICE *» Broadwa,
C. GEORGE KROGNES6.
Ma««t«r Fere!£n Adv«rt!s!n(i. Marqu*tt« Balldlnft,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON -.- Hor»ld «<juap»
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE
I»ERRY LUKENS JR V 29 Tribune Bull In ft
CHICAGO NEW 6 STANDS.
Bbennan House: P. O. News Co.; Great N«rlH«m Hot«lj
fitaont Houic; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
IPeJfiorf-Artort* --Hotel; A. Brentano. n Unl«i Squa**!
lterray HUI H«t*L ;
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Welllnfttoii Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH. Corresoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montflomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 367 Hay** «treet, OD«n until
6:30 c'olocK- £39 McAllister str««t. open until 9:30
o'clock- CIS LarXln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clocK
-1841 Mission ati^et. open uijtll 10 o'clock- £?ffl Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 EleventO
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, op#n until 9 w'slock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Mmf. Sans One." ' LL -1 .
Columbia— "Heartsease," Monday Night. __"i
Orpheum — Vaudeville. * -W Tr* M
Tivoll— ""Wane."
Alcazar— "Faust."
Grand Opera House — "Faust."
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olyxnpia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle . f Manila Bay.
Hutro Baths tHvtmminfr Races, etc.
Union Coursing Park- C'Urslng To-day.
Kecreat',. n Park baseball To-day.
lilen Park -dnind performance to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By William Butterfield— Monday, July 31. at 11 o'clock,
ire, at 11.-' l';rn> Btreet.
-us;..:-. Kldridge & Co.— Tuesday, August 1, at 12
Estate, at 6% Market street.
■ S h.UI- Thursday. August 3, at 11 o'clock,
7 ::■ Market *tr<-et.
,v Co. Thursday. Ausrust 10. at 12 o"clock,
Estate, at 513 « alii.'rr.la siiv-t.
EXAMINER PERSONALITIES.
Tlj E Examiner early began howling for the flag
to be "nailed to the Philippine-." The means
by which bunting was to be nailed to 1200
5 seven thousand miles away was not discussed
ai that tim
Spain had a job oi nailing on hand there that lasted
c than a century and was not finished when she
it up in 1898. The United States has since then
trying to do the same thing, and the Examiner,
ng the discussion of .the general policy of
an enterprise, the value of it to American tax
ers it finished, and its effect upon our domestic
institutions, has thrown itself into a snarling discus
sion of personalities involved in the job. From the
ning of the Spanish war until now that paper,
with its characteristic talent for such discussion, has
pursued personally everybody trusted with responsi
t'rotn the President to the generals in the field.
Its motive, of course, is to advertise itself. No spirit
itriotism, no devotion to the principles of the
I . eminent, enters into it. Last year it entered upon a
scheme to use the dead of the Maine as sandwich men
for advertising purposes, and appointed agents and
collectors all over the United States to beg money
to build a monument to the dead who lost their lives,
in that sini-t'er catastrophe. It succeeded in bunkoing
such nun as Levi P. .Morton and William C. Whitney
to act ;>> vice presidents of its scheme. When Hearst
had succeeded so far he tried to get the use of ex-
President Cleveland's name and prestige, but Mr.
Cleveland responded, coldly, that he declined to permit
his sorrow for the men lost on the Maine to be
diverted into an advertising scheme for Mr. Hearst
and his papers. That killed the matter at once. It
brought other public' men to their senses and people
refused to subscribe to the fund which was designed
t" give notoriety to two yellow papers and their
owner.
Then followed the attack on General Shafter, a sol
dier whose courage had been proved in battle from
his youth up. He planned the Santiago campaiga
and it was carried speedily to an honorable and suc
cc"ful end. But he would not permit Mr. Hearst to
use the victory to advertise himself and since then
has been honored by the blackguard abuse of that
person's newspapers.
Just now General Otis is the subject of personal
attack, lie had a soldier's task assigned to him in
Luzon. He has toiled at it against natural obstacles
that were dimly foreseen, if at all, and has obeyed the
orders of his superiors, which is a soldier's first duty.
A man under arms cannot discuss the political policy
of his country which makes his presence and action in
the held necessary He must, in the best way that pre
sents itself, do his duty.
Whatever criticism may be due in the Philippines,
none is known to justly lie against Otis for his use of
tactics and his effort to carry out instructions and
1 ],'■;. orders.
Until it i» shown that his initiative has been- used in
opposition to his superiors and to their orders, his
mi and his conduct are unimpeachable.
The policy that put him there and set his task for
him is indorsed by the Examiner. If it have proved
impossible to do more than In- has done to carry out
that policy, the fault is not his. but lies at the door of
papers like the New Yoric Journal and the Examiner,
which have done their best to make such policy appear
proper and its execution feasible.
[mperialists like Hearst cannot turn attention from
their own mistakes, by making a scapegoat of Otis.
Whatever fault there is is at home, not in the Philip
pines, not with the officers and soldiers in a hard
field, executing orders with a valor and dash which
have added to the glory of American arms.
Policeman Barry, who has ambition ;o become a
sergeant, arrested and charged with burglary the other
day a i.vyear-old-boy caught peering through a win
dow pane in the house of Market-street Railway Man
ager Yining. Barry made a fatal mistake. Under the
law, stealing. a look is not more than petty larceny.
AMERICAN CIVILIZATION.
ON Sunday last there was a celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary of the organization, under
the auspices of the Episcopal church of Trin
ity parish of San Francisco. C. V. S. Gibbs, still in
active business but the only survivor of the original
I communicants, delivered a most interesting address,
in which he traced the detailed history of the parish and
I astonished the younger members of the congregation
by the record of eminent men and women who had been
connected with j*> work, both in its spiritual and in its
secular departments. Mr. Gibbs himself had been the
president of the Society of California Pioneers, had
extricated St. Luke's Hospital from a condition of
virtual insolvency and raised it to its existing pros
perous condition and, during a life of long duration
and of intense activity, in which he had touched almost
every public interest except political management, had
established a reputation in which there was no flaw,
and that resembled a brilliant trail of light.
Yesterday the Congregatioualists began the cele
bration of the fiftieth anniversary of the establishment
of that form of religion in San Francisco and again
the chief spokesman was the only survivor of the first
local communicants— David N. Hawley, a gentleman
of whom it may be justly said that, in all the relations
of life, he has maintained the high standard of the
Episcopal representative. He, too, was enabled to
group together in his account of the labor that had
been performed by the Congregational denomination,
in this city and on this coast, the names of men and
women who are known far beyond the limits of the
State of California.
These two incidents have been mentioned purely for
an illustrative purpose. During the next few months
similar celebrations will rapidly accumulate. For sev
enty-rive years or more prior to the adoption of our
State constitution the Catholic church had main
tamed effective missions, the history of which is as
familiar as household words. Even before the
close of the last century the religious element had
permeated the Indian population of the Spanish prov
ince that has now, under American auspices, attained
high distinction among the States of this Union. The
extraordinary intelligence, education and enterprise of
the pioneers of 1849 have been repeatedly eulogized.
But these semi-centennial illustrations enter into the
history of the world as the most convincing proof of
the loftiness of American civilization, wrought into
! symmetry and beauty by the great constitutional re
public.
The thirteen Colonies, which in the first instance
formed the Union, largely owed their origin to relig
ious persecutions. But no such motive power drove
the California pioneers to the shores of the Pacific.
They came here simply in the search for wealth as.
centuries before, the Spanish had gone to Mexico and
Ito Peru. Hardly had they reached our soil, however,
when the genius for organization, the deepest and the
strongest element in our composite race, especially
under the American system, controlled the situation
with unparalleled vigor and success. Not only were
churches of every sort planted, but before January
1, 1850, almost every fraternal or charitable society
then existing in the United States was firmly estab
lished in our midst. Trade and commerce were in
stantly marked by system and by order. Society was
framed into consistency and strength. A complete
form of government for the State and for counties an<l
lor municipalities, which in the debates of 1850 re
ceived the encomiums of the first statesmen in the
country, of such men as Clay and Webster, sprang
into being almost at a stroke, and the men who com
■ posed our first Constitutional Convention, taken from
the professional and from the ordinary walks of life,
constituted a body scarcely equaled in the records of
America. Even lynchings were not the wild outbreaks
of the present day. They were temporary expedients,
analogized to the usual course of justice in legal tri
bunals.
It has been the fashion to refer to the early Cali
fornians as mere adventurers, hunting for gold, wild,
undisciplined and turbulent. They have been miscon
ceived by great writers and in the pages of leading re
views. In fact, they were the very reverse of this
false characterization. They exceeded all precedents
in every part of the globe in the speedy formation of
a progressive commonwealth. Within two or three
years after the migration of 1849 San Francisco, pro
vincial, it is true, was nevertheless possessed of all
the elements of American civilization, and from this
center the force of organization extended to the ex
treme limits of the State. Our school system covered
every county and every municipality, and in no newly
admitted State has it ever been equaled. This fact
will be admitted by every trained educator who has
studied the subject.
Necessarily for many years there were othtr and less
respectable features in our communities. But down
to the present date we have produced no degradation
such as exists in whole quarters of Paris, London,
New York and other metropolitan cities. Now and
for all time our early history will shine resplendently
in the annals of human achievement and in the per
manent literature of the future, in the glowing stories
of the beginnings of States, California will be relieved
from unjust odium and will stand among the leaders
of American civilization.
THE TURN BEZIRK-
SAN FRANCISCO has a joyous and jubilant
welcome for the turners and the friends who
have come to gladden as well as to honor the
city by making it the scene of their biennial festival.
No race of people better understand the art of life
than the Germans, and no class of Germans have de
veloped more fully or more sanely the joyous side of
that art than the turners, so that a turner festival never
fails to show a scene of as wholesome and hearty en
joyment as earth affords.
No feature of German life is more distinctively
characteristic of the race than the various turn vereins
to be found wherever Germans exist in any numbers.
The athletic young German does not tend like the
Anglo-Saxon to football games or to similar sports.
He seeks the gymnasium and there develops every
muscle of the body to an equal degree, so that in
general agility, strength and suppleness he is perhaps
superior to the young men who carry off the honors
of the ball grounds.
As to which of the two methods of training the
i body is the better, authorities differ. Fortunately we
in the United States have both methods, for while our
tendencies are toward the sports for which the British
races are noted, we have among us a German element
sufficiently strong to infuse the spirit of German ath
leticism throughout the country. The young Ameri
can of the future will be able not only to hold inter
national college matches with his British cousins, but
to contend victoriously in the turner contests of his
cousins of Germany.
Whatever may be the differences of opinion con
cerning the relative merits of the two methods of
physical training, there is none at all on the subject of
music. The bawling of any American or British
football team is not like the singing that is heard in
the festivals of the turners. We shall have that music
of friendship and joy with us through all the days of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 30, 1899.
the festival, and all genial hearts will be responsive to
it. It is going to be indeed a halcyon and vociferous
time and one that will be remembered for many a day.
For the turners and for their friends, therefore, we
have a welcome of more than ordinary cordiality.
There are men of all races in San Francisco, but all
are alike in the humanity that delights in meeting
generous hearts 2nd sharing with them the joys of a
festival big enough to take in a whole city. So long
as the bezirk continues and the turners are with us
San Francisco is theirs. If they do not see what they
want, they will please ask for it.
A POPULAR SUBSCRIPTION.
BY the committee in charge of the work of pre
paring a suitable reception for the California
volunteers on their return from Manila an ap-
peal is made to the citizens for funds to defray the
expense of the grand ceremony, display and other
I festal features of the welcome. It goes without saying
I such an appeal will be met by prompt contributions.
He will be a niggard Californian, indeed, who will not
be glad to contribute something to the fund intended
i for such a purpose.
The subscription in fact will be popular in every
| sense of the word. Popular because it will appeal to
all the people and popular because all the people will
receive it with favor. When all contribute to a fund
I of this kind no one need give much, but it is im
| portant that all should give promptly. The troops
are on their way home. There is none too much time
| left for arranging the jubilant welcome that is in-
I tended for them. It is desirable, therefore, that the
! committee be supplied at once with the money needed
to make the welcome worthy of the city, of the volun
j teers and of the occasion.
With the excitement of the war upon us we made a
I civic holiday to bid our volunteers farewell, and it was
amid the applause of thousands of proud and patriotic
: voices they sailed away to the Philippines. They now
return to us with victory, to find us rejoicing in the
peace which their valor assisted in extorting 30
; promptly from a beaten foe. It is but right they
should receive on their return a welcome which will
attest the pride of their fellow-citizens in their service
snd the general joy over their home coming. To pro
vide that welcome money will be needed. It should be
contributed gladly, liberally and promptly.
GOLD IN CIRCULATION.
1 IZ^LLIS H. ROBERTS of the United States
Treasury in the course of a recent address be
'—* fore the Maryland Bankers* Association
strongly urged them to assist the Government in put
ting gold coin into general circulation in the East,
and pointed out that since the volume of paper is re
stricted it is only by an enlarged use of gold coin the
currency can be increased to meet the demands of
commerce. •
After stating that since July I. 1898, the gold in cir
culation had increased by but $62,100,579, while the
net amount in the treasury increased from $189,444,714
to about $246,000,000. Mr. Roberts said:
"Such an increase in the yellow metal available for
currency, with the demand real or alleged for addi
tional circulation, gives vital form to the question,
'Why not add to the use of gold coin? Under exist
iing laws the volume of United States notes is defin
: itely restricted, while silver certificates cannot ex
ceed the standard silver dollars in the treasury, nor
the treasury notes run beyond the bullion held against
them. The national banks while adding to their cir
culation $13,451,994 from July I, 1898, to June, 1899,
; are now quite steadily drawing in their notes, mak
ing a reduction against bonds last month of $1,041,860
and thus far this month of $216,500. Practically, then,
without new legislation, the only way to increase the
currency is by the use of gold coin."
Obviously, as Mr. Roberts said, the question for
Eastern bankers about gold coin is not — can they
get but will they use it? The issue is a strange one to
people of the Pacific Coast, where gold is in such cir
culation that paper money is a rarity hardly ever seen
in the course of retail trade. In the East, however,
the people have grown accustomed to paper and the
banks appear to be unwilling to educate them to the
use of gold. Even among the more influential news
papers of that section there is an opposition to the
use of the yellow coin.
The New York Times, for example, in commenting
upon the subject recently, said:
"Gold coins doubtless have all the merits which were
ascribed to them by Mr. Ellis H. Roberts, but they also
have the inconveniences which he admitted they pos
sessed, and the chances are that his arguments for the
more extended use in ordinary business transactions
of value's best representative will be as little heeded
as controverted. The citizens have had many painful
and expensive proofs that paper currency is open tc
serious objection of more sorts than one, but then it
is so handy and coins are such a nuisance!''
Against such prejudice as that it is almost impos
sible to argue effectively. A people who prefer soiled
i paper for money and regard gold coin as a nuisance
are well nigh beyond the reach of reason. We have
therefore, in the East the strange spectacle of a com
munity complaining of a lack of money in general cir
culation and yet refusing gold, which the Government
lis literally begging them to take off its hands and
put to use.
Another San Franciscan has distinguished himself
abroad. Harry Bostwick, son of Rev. Henry E. Bost
vvick of Trinity Presbyterian Church in this city, was
manager of the Seoul Electric Company during the
riots which followed the killing of a child by one of
the cars. A Korean mob was soon clamoring for his
blood. With a single American companion he faced
and dispersed it. All he did was to raise his hand
I and exclaim "Chorikah!" which in English means
"Git." His air was so determined and his pronun
ciation of Korean so bad that the heathens "got" in
a hurry.
. •
Time and again since he has been a champion pugi
list, Jim Jeffries, handy as he is conceded to be with
i his mitts, has been caught by observant reporters
• trying to slip money to some poor man or woman.
i No one ever caught him at it before he went under
1 Brady's management and still they say he has im
proved in the use of his hands.
Before the Czar's Peace Congress adjourns and
while it is still on the subject of conventions, would
it not be wise for the delegates, in the interest of uni
versal peace, to recommend the prohibition of Demo
! cratic conventions in the United States?
A dispatch from Seattle announces the destruction
i by fire of the Goliah, which, it is claimed, was the
oldest steam vessel on the coast. Must be a mistake
somewhere — what's the matter with the Growler?
The spirit of American activity is contagious. Even
the volcanoes in the newly Americanized territory of
Hawaii seem imbued with it.
BIGGEST RACE OF MEN IN THE WORLD
They Live in the Antarctic Regions and Have Just Been Discovered
by Explorer Cook.
From a Photograph.
Dr. Frederick A. Cook, who has just returned from an exploring expedition to the South Polar regions, brings pho
tographs of a race of cannibal giants discovered by him near the Antarctic Circle. The existence of such a race has always
been denied by scientists, but Dr. Cook has not only seen and talked with them, but brings back photographs to prove
beyond argument That the biggest race of human beings in the world is to be found in the frozen south. The monstrous
forms of both the men and women are clad in furs; the men arm themselves with bows and arrows and wooden clubs.
Their strength und endurance are remarkable. The men can outrun any horse on a long stretch. They can cover fifty
miles in a few hours.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge Ansel Smith is registered at the
Grand.
Ike Cullberg. a banker of Arcata, !s a
guest at the Lick.
Sheriff C. F. Blankenton of Socora, N.
Mex., is at the Palace.
Ex-Congressman W. A. Piper is serious
ly ill In his rooms at the Palace.
Edward Deckum of Honolulu is one of
the recent arrivals at the California.
\V". F. George, a prominent attorney of
Sacramento, is at the Grand, accompanied
by his wife.
G. F. Pock, a wealthy real estate man
of Stockton, is one of the late arrivals
at the Grand.
Dr. O. A. Krrk of Fort Bragg arrived in
the city yesterday morning and registered
at the Grand.
Captain G. Q. Foster of the missionary'
schooner Robert A. Ixigan is a guest at
the Occidental.
E. S. Gordon, one of the leading mer
chants of Santa Rosa, is at the Lick, ac
companied by his wife.
E. J. Johnson, one of the best known
merchants of Boston. Mass.| is among the
late arrivals at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. B. E. Gault of Portland,
Or., are registered at the California, They
come to this city for recreation.
A. C. Rosendale, a wealthy and popular
merchant of Pacific Grove, was among
yesterday's arrivals at the Grand.
W. S. McCormick. the Salt Lake banker.
who recently made a $50,000 gift to the
Roman Catholic Cathedral of that city,
Mrs. 11. K. Hanna of Jacksonville. Or.,
wife of Hon. 11. K. Hanna, Judge of the
First Judicial district of Oregon. Is visit
ing relatives In this city and Oakland.
George J. Denis, the newly appointed
Code Commissioner from Los Angeles, is
at the Occidental. He comes to attend
a meeting of the commission that Is
scheduled to take place to-morrow.
Joel S. Priest of the Salt Lake Herald
is at the Palace from T'tah. He comes as
the advance guard of those who will
travel to this city to welcome home the
boys of the "Utah Battery when they re
turn.
Colonel W. L. Hardlaon of Ventura Is
a guest at the Palace. It is reported that
associates of the colonel who have been
in Peru for some time looking for the
hidden treasures of the Incas have been
successful in their quest.
,■♦ ■ .
CAI,IFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 29.— Henry Zieman
of San Francisco Is at the Bartholdi;
Thomas C. Wortling of Los Angeles is at
the Marborough; C. G. Lister and wife of
San Francisco are at the Manhattan.
Miss F. H. Porter was a passenger on the
Lurunia, sailing for Liverpool to-day.
♦ COMMUNICATIONS ♦
SUGGESTIONS TO
PREVENT FOREST FIRES
To the Editor of The Call: Noticing an
editorial of yours regarding "Forest Fires
and the Necessity of Their Prevention,"
I take the liberty of a suggestion.
Year after year in this and other parts
of Santa Barbara County fires occur In
the surrounding hills and mountains. The
country now is becoming gradually de
nuded of many of its trees and forest
patches. This year, however, no fires have
occurred, and it is attributable to the vig
ilance of the Ignited States Forest
Rangers, who are now employed at a fair
salary during the summer and fall months
to patrol the Government forestry re
serves, and with it they patrol all the
adjacent lands around about. They watch
each individual that comes within their
allotted territory and prohibit any camp
fires In the mountains where there is the
least apprehension of danger, every man
being Interviewed and watched. They also
have facilities for extinguishing an incip
ient fire.
Now If the State could have such a
patrol over its mountain lands it would
be of incalculable benefit and would solve
this matter of fires in the mountains and
the destruction of forests and denudation
of the country's water sources. Very re
spectfully, L. E. BLOCHMAN.
Santa Maria, Cal., July 27, 1899.
c SONG FROM THE FRONT.
The following verses published in a re
cent number of Freedom, Manila, serve
as an interesting illustration of the songs
our soldiers are composing and singing
when off the firing line:
VOLUNTEER REGULARS' LAMENT.
Respectfully Dedicated to Uncle Sam and
President MeKinley.
We are getting tired of soldiering In
These sultry Philippines
Ami rather sick of hard tack, boiled
Rice and. pork and beans.
But we've stood It with true Yankee grit.
As Is the only proper way.
And we never thought of kicking
Till they swiped our travel pay.
You sent us here on transports
That went tumbling like a log.
And the grub on which you fed us, sir
Would almost kill a hog;
But we lived on hope and sea breeze.
Not a word had we to say;
But we've got a kick a-coming
Since you swiped our travel pay.
We left our farms and ranches
And our business in the towns,
We crossed the trackless ocean
And whipped the Spanish dons;
Forced the gate? of old Manila.
Where the Spaniards long held sway.
And now must lose that pittance,
A private's travel pay.
We have slept in muddy trenches
Charged the bamboo, thick and thin.
Crossed rice fields, bogs and marshes,
Tramped through mud that reached
chin;
Now our sky is dark and clouded.
Of hope there's not a ray;
'Tis a case of total eclipse
Since you swiped our travel pay.
We have trounced the Filipinos;
Yes, have fought them day and night—
Never questioned for a moment
If the cause was wrong or right.
Many a brave, true-hearted comrade
That has fallen by the way
Is a greater loss to some one
Than our paltry travel pay.
Well, some time we may get a chanca
To even up the debt.
For some of us are living now.
And will live still longer yet;
But some cold November morning
Some candidates will say.
'"Oh, that they'd never meddled with
A soldier's travel pay."
KIOWA, Battery
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
Heroes Should Get Together.
"Say, I grot a great Idee."
"Wat Is It?"
"Make Jim Jeffries a committy o' one to
go out on de pier an' receive Uncle
George Dewey." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Worse Yet.
"That man cheated me out of a cool
million."
"Ah!— wouldn't let you marry his
daughter, I suppose."
"No; he let me marry her. and doesn't
give us a cent."
With the Hunting Set.
Miss Chase— That sporting widow who
got the brush to-day has been in at the
death a good many times.
Miss Hunt— Yes. and each of them left
her a fortune. — Brooklyn Life.
Mutual Joy.
Stubb— Did their marriage end happily?
Perm— Oh. yes. they managed to get to
Dakota while the divorce law was still
valid.
Faro Jim was deputed by the other
gamblers of Pansy Gulch to compose the
inscription to go on the tombstone of a
departed member of the fraternity. It
was brief, to the point, and read as fol
lows: "He done his damdest. Angels
could do no more." — Exchange.
"Why do they call a ship 'she?' "
"Because her rigging costs so much, I
guess."— Wasp.
• PRESS COMMENTS ♦
AFTER PEACE, WHAT?
The Congress of the United States,
which can alone fix the terms on which j
the Philippines are to be held or released,
will meet in December, If not earlier, and
will then take up the subject, the most
momentous that it has hail to deal with
since the Civil War, perhaps the most
momentous that ever came before it. We
shall then be at the turning of the ways,
and must decide whether ours shall be a
republic dedicated to the principle of i
self-government or a conquering nation ;
grabbing everything within reach and
holding subject peoples without any in
tention of either introducing self-govern
ment among them or of allowing them to
I
achieve it for themselves. The nearin<
of the time when this Issue must be
fought out among ourselves has prompted
Senator Davis of Minnesota to take an
early stand in favor of perpetual reten
tion of the Philippines. The chairman of
the Senate Committee on Foreign Rela
tions advises that the Filipinos shall be
held as a subject race permanently and
not provisionally. There is a certain
frankness about this proposal that com
mends it to our admiration. It leaves no
room for skulking or for half measure»
—New York Evening Post.
Why Sh after Is Attacked.
Santa Rosa Press Democrat.
People are getting 1 heartily tired of thb
Examiner's continued assaults upon Gen
eral Shafter. His management of the
Santiago campaign was perfectly satis
factory to that journal until its corre
spondent was made to know his place.
Sinep then there has been nothing too
mean the Examiner could say about him.
The fight being made against Shafter is
not doing him any harm, beca'ise the
public is thoroughly acquainted with the
motive which prompts it.
A newspaper that carries its personali
ties to any such length Injures Kself more
than any one else. People become Inclined
to question the motive back of its every
action. The result is always a loss of
prestige and of influence and very often
a loss of business besides:
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHIEF YEOMAN-The pay of chief
yeoman on a United States ship is $60 per
month. .
FRENCH CONSUL— Mea, Greenville,
Cal. The address of the Consul for
France in San Francisco is 604 Commer
cial street.
THE MAINE— S.. City. Captain G. D.
Sigsbee was on board the Maine when she
was blown up in the harbor of Havana
on the 15th of February. 1898.
FOUNDRY— !•., City. This department
cannot advertise where you can purchase
such a quartz mill as you desire, as it
never advertises any business firm.
FRUIT QUOTATION-Subscriber. City.
The quotations in the commercial col
ums of The Call will give you the price
of fruit to packers, and from that you
can figure out any day the value of a like
amount of prunes, peaches and pears.
STATES AND TERRITORIES-C. O.
X., City. There are forty-five States n
the American Union, thirteen original and
thirty-two admitted. There are as Terri
tories. New Mexico. Arizona, Indian, Dis
trict of Columbia, Alaska and Oklahoma.
THE HOTTEST DAY— H. H. and H. L.,
City. By the question, "What was the
register on the thermometer on the hot
test day this year up to and including
July 2?" does not convey any idea as to
what place the information is desired
about; but presuming that the writers
refer to San Francisco, the answer is—
April 20, 1599, 80 4-10.
LANGUAGES-C. A.. City. There are
2750 languages. The principal ones are:
English. French. German. Russian, Span
ish Italian, Portuguese, Chinese and Jap
anese. This department has not the space
to devote to an article on the various
branches of these languages. At the li
braries you will iind books on philology
that will give you the desired informa
tion. .
TWO TRACTS— A.S., City. If two tracts
of land of equally productive character,
each of 160 acres, are planted in wheat, one
being dead level and the other all hills
and hollows, the hiHy territory will have
more surface on which to plant grain than
the flat one, but as to the results no one
can say with certainty that the hilly ter
ritory will yield more grain than the flat
surface as much may depend on condi
tions, one being that the hilly territory
will not have as much moisture and that
might have some effect on the yield.
BUNTING WITH STARS— R. D., West
Oakland, Cal. In hanging bunting with
i stars on the biue. the stars should go at
! the top. with plain bunting red and white
i underneath. Bunting of that kind takes
I the place of the United States flag. With
i plain bunting of the three colors, which
are intended to represent the American
1 tri-color. the red should go at the top.
■ then the white below that and the blue
i still below that, so as to make the har
nicmy of colors— red, white and blue.
A BALLOT— C. C, Oakland, Cal. A
voter has the right to write the name of
any person on the blank space under the
printed names on a ballot if he does not
wish to vote for either of the regular norn
Inees, or he may write the same name on
each blank space on the ballot, but he
must not place any distinguishing mark
on the ballot, as for instance the address
of the person whose name is written in.
Write only the name. Such a ballot would
have to be counted, but the man who cast
it would be casting his vote away.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Tb at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomtry street. Telephone Main 1042. •____^^^^ MISCELLANEOUS. ■■•__ . ..- ;.., J ,."..-,... j ;...;' ;...- J r .
And the HOME BEAUTIFUL!
i
If San Francisco homes are fuller of comfort and beauty tord than those
I of a few years ago give the PATTOSIEN STORE credit for helping. The head of
* the firm has |ust returned from an extensive trip to the Eastern markets and
; the great Furniture Exhibition in Grand Rapids. Mr. Pattosien,. in his usual
i courageous way, has bought twelve carloads of all .kinds, sample Furniture,
I now being made up into a train, and to make room for this enormous stock
iwe have inaugurated our FIRST GENUINE , ; i. -•
I FURNITURE MARK = DOWN CLEARANCE SALE!
! '. A midsummer discount sa!e. ; of furniture, affording . prices that should tempt those who practice
j', economy to buy now. '' ; -' ." ' " - '• ' sO COUCh^S— . .
► Ar» 7R f " r 1 Morrls ,. chairs-*iike cut- ♦ f¥&otl '• " t "•' 'All upholstefed'ln'different materials cov-
> \h-7R tith ~™iwJ^«?h?in« «fc '".V I- ■ 4--'fr##iw •. o -colors; also .some handsome leather cov-
> 00, (0 J Q^%^ d n s^F r^ ' . Iff^l ' .-o^couches-all marked down to close
J -or -mahogany finish. ♦ ■ Kf^jj t . L.wn and Porch Furniture at 25>r cent Di.count.
>Cl 7C 'for box seat dinine-room chairs, 1 ♦ ' I*ISSS(LL •' ♦ . Also some very pretty' bamboo furniture-
> Jkl, lU Sl)lil1 oak and polished finish • r^i^T^^^T' \ ' la ''T: tabuurettes flower q- 0/
Vl||U chairs that ordinarily sell at S3 t. T||J|l l l^^rj^kj I stands. , etc. -at a .discount .^0 ,'
[ —also twelve dlfterent designs— all at less ♦ 'l""% i H I .- "' ' •• ■....•.......--..'...• /"
' than cost to manufacture. * "" kv^S^S /////I '.COO f0r.,?331a-r'ge -leather.. covered rork-
i . . . . ; ♦ 1 "'''Twrftt ! I/J^'l * '' ijZZ f r s~ a rar.' chance to secure a lux-
> PIC nfl for eight-foot round top oak; ■ ♦ *""'-'£, -irhri " .'." V«-«- vr OUH .-.-.library- or sitting-room
► Ml) till extension tables, polished fin-- I .. • ™ chaif. Parlor furniture, odd chairs and
VlviUU ish, made— regular $21 tat " " . . .", 1 a larpe -assortment of leather covered
[ bles. • " 't" M ''■'■'. '-'."■ Qhalrs, rqekers. etc.— all at marked-down
". " ." ■ " ♦ • ♦ • . araiii-c prices.-. , . ■ - ■
I Floor covering clearing fi coe oo 0 "
I . r v77 .' INGRAIN CARPETS AT A BARGAIN! to 1 clear rack? for incoming goods—
* -. I—-.1 — -. . .' '.^ KLSk ' a lar^'' collection of short rolls of elegant all-wool, ingrains, flne extra su-
* LCj C t,,-) {.v'TWr*' ' rr ''" l;i>11 3-plys, cotton chain carpets. Lowell ingrains in choice col- \Z\\n
t t»-**fK??' ■% ■*^ ~' ~^' -^ ors anc ' patterns, some "of these' carp'-tlnsrs have -sold for as high as JUy
\ h?/<\ ' >v - '$ S L.>jj^>>% 73c er yfLrd— all at one 'price," yard .■.'.. .-.:
i .;/ yMW/Ufi £T. ~X*-/A. TV- ANOTH3ER REMARKABLE OFFER! velvet, moquettes and Axminster car-
| &( / It'/W '*'>■- ''''i.-^-^-i/ "F^Zy pets— a superb line of colors that cannot be duplicated— they : have :&i t\f\
I i'w-T / r ij"\> — --^V- 1 , ifc*'./' rt^STi been the choicest of the season, worth regularly.- up to J1.50. per ' tM.lj
! [?a \ Js^j \ \-_ |t *-vm'\z. Jaff I ' ard — special clearing sale price, yard , r .... ™" T,*T
I ify^'/M "^ll CHINA AND JAPANESE MATTING, - GRADE JAPANESE AND
I — A<Z - \// ftber and cotton warps, reversible, jNOVELTY MATTINGS., aII the-unique
* iwS' -s>--<^?<\ fj s^"^ " /'// jolntless goods — the most complete line idea; of the East and undaubtealy the
' Sh\~. lA^-r^r^'^x ' I/ ~- JJ-'I °' fancy checks, weaves and Af| linest mattings that are made-Vmany
) t ; ,^ ku^'-j^-iV"— l / •S^iP'iL novelty patterns, elegant colors, / 111. j exclusive patterns, linen warps • and
4 h» "'\i- — ■/ s/i* \ \l\ worth up to 30c, yard ; p er f ec reversible goods — QOn
} h%J£&JiS&Z(&J / \T-\\\ RANGPUR SMYRNA RUGS, a spe- have sold as high as special JUb
s ''/^^X-i-^^--*^./^. . ' \=L 'i^VT cially handsome line of Oriental col- price, ya»d, 2.» c and
i (..-■.,., y^%£^i-XS ~^\~v*-y \\: — y ors and designs— size 30x00, worth MOQUETTE RUGS, all new designs
J [ v :'^'' : /^-<r\':^'--^~>> i^/ 3* JT $1.75. this sale 9Vc— size (f>l CC and colors, grand assort- <f»O "ir
' %-^£L--^J^* "' _i> — -^- " 36x72, worth $2.50— sale tOl-Dri 1 ment, size 36x72, worth $3.50 \/, l[)
) VMV/U i- this Ba j e Vfcl|U
! A SUPERB LINE OF UNION ART SQUARES, just received, in a£iQQ I «,„.-». » T^i-, o» TT , «„ '
! Sg^.^iS'^A;^^^^y^|'.j^ '*' l ' 9a | CLEARANCE SALE OF
1 TT^r 0 tn ato i • Brass and Enameled Beds
i Sale Ruffled Curtains. Wsj ?™
! F^OR SU/V\/V\ER- j j i f 'uTj | [ J Q
CZL4iJ£SSZ^;^li^u Light airy, dainty curtains for the hot summer months, |*r*"V"^"<r " □f'"\s ~*'~C>)~~ I ft" OiTfi
' uppLlJjL f |_£lu as a substitute for the heavier kind— lending coolness as i \.\ " w-' v -A. ; aff .Lx-LxJ^ r
I ' ' '/ I •*'!' 1/ well as decorative effect to the room at a nominal cost— LL \>-s-* r-t -(V./'iiVr^ n-^Jf if 1
1 I I //111- '/ a rar€ °pp ortunity " buy at tnis sale - ' TT' -~i ~F h^n^i j Jj |
> /lm\ II fled Muslin rr a pair-dainty muslfn material |. |j] * *. .|J,.IL ,W .
Ruffled _Lorraine | ? r a »;,ir «; !;h ..;:.. !««.■ how.:
> Sfe-L'i^ Vi?> J Lurtains at UhV and over ain-full length ■ *^^»"^.-* — T^T
. '' : Ha: Pi'^ and width. I This Enameled Iron Bed has one-Inch
> |j 5 \i; posts, bowed extension foot, heavy
! i!.i,d v •'/ y.M'i'ioH Fich.npf « /*r a pair- decidedly delicate in i frame, brass mounts, top rods, rings and
'lit* fi/l Kuttled^isn net 77t dPS i Rn _n ol , r -de-lis and other spindles.
1 Ila A.'/ Curtains at u»mv prenchj styles — particularly \An Enameled Iron Bed of hand- (J»ft 7(T
?//, pretty. ' " some design, v.hich sells every 3)U I7\
" ' £//i ' i day for $14-sale price <♦"'■
FFi d,,? aiovnnHria /inra pair-all bobbinet— solid and jAn EnamelPd Iron Bed. extra high head,
PRut. Ale.xanai 1a <j -7t substantial — trimmed with: heavy hrass spindles and <f nAA
Wi\ Curtains at v> I v handsome wide lace edge and mounts— every-day price $12... \\ III)
7;(,J insertion splendid .for cross- UiWV
over effect. i ,\ n Enameled Iron Bed with heavy bras 6
I scrolls, spindlps and mounts (P|A AA
I Irish Point L*)'- r..ir. $10 val- Brussels Lace <?|A %^-^r,^ , cry-day price $13 ........ JIU.UO
» Curtains at O.^O "^1 l™s ac- Cuptains at PIV tains ever A beautiful full size Brass Bed with bow
i , , ♦», t Vnril and brought to this country for the money font T-ball joints and cast tf^T AA
( §ia|;ib|Sfcut"|6:S ; ' ; "- i;^HS ; HS™" n procure mar " 0(J?e necks - worth a^.'?" $37.00
' "'■' ' T ».-« ■ „nt ,-.i.»- mr>«t «siicoe«;<;ful specialties. No A swelled extension foot Brass Bed. 9 lat-
INTERIOR DECORATING,iBT^ of our eral rO(1s ltl head and foot , ~~- Aft
iSsESCSSSi salisfac " I ili#il#- $23.00
! These are only some of the prices. Call and see the others.
■D ATTfiQiriPQ SAN JOSE
;W 11 1 ! *I\ g r 1 111 \ BRANCH-
TH I I UOILiI 0. THE A TER
: Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets, S. F. . buh. d , N c.
COMPLAIN OF THE
DINGHY TARIFF
German Merchants Say
It Will Ruin Them.
BERLIN, July 2?.— A Westphalian paper
ts th.-v negotiations have been pro
tween Paria and Berlin for the
• to the visit of
•ror in Cherbourg or Brest on
:,, „, Norway. Nothing appa
. is known of his plans in Berlin.
being made for
rrKal of the entire imperial family
Qt \\
The Empiess is recovering -apidly from
of her accident. Thursday
. was able to witness from the
I tel the fireworks and
n honor of the birthday of
U : ! that the Prussian War
: i yon dossier, -will r<
he will 1"- BUcceeded by
: Gemraingen, now commanding
: at Kifurt.
The Associated Press correspondent's j
recent interview with Dr. Schwarzenstein ,
has been reproduced In the newspapers
here with comment mostly friendly te> j
the United States, but the Deutsche .
Tages Zeitung takes occasion to express j
'distrust of the Government and says: ;
••■MI depends ipon the means employed
for preserving i lendly relations wltu the
United States. American friendship IS
not worth having if it tnusi be purchased ,
by the abandonment of important Qer- j
man Interests, especially economic advan- |
tages, or by i i)i:iK cool when Geunan ;
dignity is wounded.'
The Sollngen Chamber of Commerce re
ports thai exports from the district to the j
United States have fallen off 40 per cent
as th< result of the Dingley tariff. Tho
Dresden Chamber of Commerce complains
loudly of the lncreas< of American com
petition especially in manufactured artl- :
cles and explains that American supe- ,
rlority in the world's markets is due to
the ctraordinary activity of the United |
States Consuls und to the immense capital
of lerican manufacturing companies,
permitting the greatest possible division of j
labor rind cializatlon. enabling them to
nrodu< bheaper in spite of higher wages. \
The report admits that Americans sell at |
lower and even cut through prices, but
explains this by the assertion that high ;
diit'es enable manufacturers to sell for |
liiKli prices ;it home, while they dispose of i
their Hiirplu* abroad nt the lowest prices.
The n:t'' of the falling off in exports to j
the rnitod States leads to the views that ;
exportation wilJ cease entirely and that
it will become necessary for German
manufacturers to Ivilld branches in the ,
United Stntes.
The prohibition of fresh meat from Bel
clum In having a disastrous effect on
bt-.tf hrra along the frontier. Tho law
formerly permitted persons living along
I the border to bring meat across in small
I quntities duty free. Accordingly a large
, claps of butchers spranc up who handled
such meat; but their occupation is now
' *The motive power of the Berlin street-
I cars Is being rapidly changed from horse
Ito electricity. The result Is thai col
lisions are dally occurring between elec
tric and other cars ana wagons.
Telegraph boys will be rlmentally
employed In Berlin, replacing men. The
change will begin soon with the substi
tution of eight boys from 16 to 17 years of
age.
A German officer has invented an acety
lene searchlight which can be carried by
one man and which' will illuminate every
thing for a hundred yards. It Is expected
to be of great use in searching for me
wounded after a battle and in bridge
> building at night.
The announcement that one of the great
American insurance companies has de
cided to comply with the requirement of
the Prussian . law In order to be read
mitted to do business here is received
with the greatest consternation in insur
ance circles. The Deutsche Versicherungs
Zeitung this week has a strong protest,
asserting that experience shows that
American companies are untrustworthy
and warning the Government against giv
ing them the right to do business here.
Builders' Contracts.
.T-irriPS A. Rutherford (Owner) with TV. F.
ntractor), architect none- All work
one .'mri one-half, stnry frame coti
tvith bri"k foundation, i.n E lino ot Twelfth
avenue, 250 N of I Btre«t, N 25 by E 120, out Ide
land 682; total ?!
W. F Whittier (owner) with Rlchdrdaon &
architect. Edward R. Swain
• Excavating, underpinning-, haWlns up and cut
ting off walls of two brick building
mrnenrlnK at N* corner bl- i-k bounded by
Howard, Fclsom, Fr<>in"nt and H^nle, thence
t<K along Beale Y.'.-.s, i.v SW 137:6; total $3750.
s — Young or Old,
ft* "^.jja Who would speedily regain their former vigcf
I* J£2& SifflJjJM should wear
1 &?W ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
&%tejij&' t 'jf*& f ]f \wv\ No drugs necessary. Electricity does the .
q&B%&s?& i'^sfsj>iL^ss& work. Thousands have been cured. Buy no
% -*''W^r^ ■ bolt till you see "DR. PIERCES."
w'wW^^^^^^A^^ C" Call at ihe office or send 2c in stamps
■ V >v^ Hfr for " PAMPHLET No. 2 " Address
W " PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
• 620 Market Street <o». p»im« h»ud ,s<in Franclsca '
THE SAN lUA^CLSCO GAJ^L, SUJS T DA\%. JULY 30, lb'Jl).
WESTERN UNION BOYS
ARE OUT ON STRIKE
Philadelphia Messengers Make a
Demand for Higher
Wages.
PHILADELPHIA; July 23.— Tho West
ern Union messenger boys to-day went "C
strike :''>r the second time this week, or.<
from all indications will remain out until
The company accedes to their demands
for higher wages or the buys' placed ar«
filled by others'. Th 1 * former strik.
curred on Thursday, when about 201
stopped work
Having made no formal demands at
that time. Superintendent <sill Induced
them tv return that same day and present
th^ir grievances. ,This they rlid.but toward
lasl midnight they evidently grew impa
tient and about twenty-five stopped work.
While delivering messages at the news
paper offices some of the boys learnad
that an advertisement, hai been inserted
in the papers for 200 boys. The strike was
at once declared on again.
To-day all the boys in the main offlc®
wi ia nut and linemen and clerks were
pressed into service. By noon the bo.v-3
mounted on bicycles had visited all th.6
branch offices and many more joined the
strikers. The company is delivering mes
sages with but little delay.
Fire in Newspaper Offices.
ASTORIA. Or.. July 29. -Fire 'to-night
wrecked the offices of the Kveninp Bud
gei and Sunday fferald, causing a loss
whlcb probably wHl'r-each $:«wo. The blaze
originated fin the roof and spread very
rapidly. The Budget force succeeded in
saving a goodly portion of its material,
but the Herald office is a complete wreck.
The Evening News and Morning Asto
rinn have placed their plants at the dis
posai of their unfortunate brethren.
SEES A GREAT
FUTURE AHEAD
FOR BEET SUGAR
Secretary Wilson on |
the New Industry.
REQUIRES MANY FACTORIES
A QUARTER OF THE NUMBER
NOW UNDER CONSTRUCTION.
The Head of the Department of Agri- :
culture Discusses a Matter That
Interests the People of
This State.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson was the'
recipient of many attentions yesterday. \
The State Board of Trade, represented by j
President Chipmah, E. W.'. Runyon and '
W. 11. Mills, took the Secretary, together
with Governor Tanner of Illinois and Gov- j
ernor Poynter of Nebraska,- on ■ a drive
which carried the distinguished party
through the park and landed theni at the
Cliff House for lunch. Besides those men
tioned above, there were present. at the ]
lunch Adjutant General Barry of Ne- |
braska, Chief Justice Beatty, Mayor Phe- ;
lan, Major General Shafter, Adjutant
General Semans, Attorney General Ford, I
M. H. de Young, Professor Wtckson. Cap- i
tain Nelson, Dr. Winslow, Colonel Pippy. '
Judge Cotton and J. R. Dunn. In the
afternoon the party- visited the rooms of
the State Board of Trade and inspected
the mineral collection of the State. The j
evening was passed by the Secretary rest
ing from the fatigues of the day and re
ceiving in his rooms the numerous, callers
who came to pay their respects and wel
come him to the city. ;
Secretary Wilson is a great advocate of
the beet sugar industry. Speaking on the
subject last night, he said:
"Last fall we had nineteen factories. in
the entire United States for the manu- |
facture of beet sugar. TEia fall we will j
have fully fifty. They are being built in
the States of New York and New Jersey
f*r the most part, though there are some
going up in other, States as well, One is j
in progress of construction in Minnesota, j
one In each of the Pacific Coast States,'
one has been completed' at Ogden, Utah, ,
and another is now going up at Grwnd •
Junction, Colo. • _ ;
"The industry is increasing. TN c bought i
18 000,000 tons last year. That is about the
total amount produced in Germany. The 1
purchases we made were contracted tor in
Germany, France, Belgium and Holland.
To offset the necessity for purchasing |
abroad and to produce all that would be
needed for consumption in this country
would require the operation of about two
i hundred factories which could be built
i at an average cost of about $500,001 apiece. i
! it would require from one million to one (
million and a half acres to grow the
"As rear as can be ascertained by send- i
. mc an agf-nt to the Caribbean S< a Islands
it costs the people it those places 2 rents
per pound to produce their sugar. Where
the pulp from the ■' factory is wasted or
fed lo cheap steera, it costs, the people
: of the United States about a»4 cents per
pound to get their sugar from the., beet, |
the returns dependingTn a great measure
•on the disposition that is made of the |
pulp. If the pulp .should be f«d to dairy
cows and firpt-class butter made, and the
: pulp will make flrstrclass butter, then we
can produce butter as cheaply from beets
as they can produce it from cane in these
tropical islands, or from beets in the
countries of Europe! • '
"Experiment along, these linns ha* dem
onstrated the great value of beet pulp
; in butter making. Our sugar beet grow
! ers require some education in this re
■ gard Business should be done on ' tne
basis that the pulp belongs to the roan
who grows the beets. YVhen he takes
a load of beets to the factory he should
take a load of pulp back home. Then
: it can be used as milch cow fodder and
the dairy business of the country will
Boon assume proportions that will aston
■ ish you. As soon as th" beet grower n»
alizes this fact the United States can snap
its figers at the producers of the whole
world. _ . . .
"With regard to the land best snitoa
for the cultivation of the sugar Leot,
there is plenty of it all over the \\ est.
Either Washington, Oregon or this .state
could alone produce enough sugar beets
to supply the demand of the entire coun
try Any one of several Eastern fotates
I cari do the same thing. The sugar pro
duced from the beet is every wh?t as
good as the article that comes out of the
cane. When all foreign substance is re
; moved no mortal man can tell the dif
ference. Sugar is sugar, no matter how
it is produced." t *. w
The cretary also spoke on other sub
jects concerninc his visit out here and
said that he greatly hoprd to see about
j as much of the farming industry of the
State as could be inspected in the lime
ho has at his disposal. Monday he will
leave for Log Angeles, and after a tour
throughout the surrounding country h*
1 will return to San Francisco. From then
j on his plans are as yet Indefinite.
SCHOOL EXAMINATIONS.
Pupils Who Failed of Promotion Will
Have Another Chance.
School Superintendent Webster has Is
sued a circular letter to all principals and
teachers which will be of the grnatrs-t in
terest to those pupil? who failed in their
examinations at the end of the last term.
The important paragraphs are as follows:
"Pupils who in the examination* hold
last May and Juno attained an average
per (■•■ nt df 65 and a minimum perci nt
age of not loss tjhan 50 in each subject
are promoted. Those who obtained an
average per cent of fti or above and
who fell below the required minimum
of' 50 per cent In not more than two
subjects may be re-examined in said
subjects, and. succeeding in obtaining
required percentage, shall b» pro
moted.
"Pupils who were absent from any or
all examinations by reason of illness or
any other good cause may be re-exam
ine"d July 31. August 1 and 2. ISPS.
"Pupils are not to be advanced on
"The following schedule of examina
tion is designated: Monday, July 31,
1899 1 p. m., word analysis, defining
and spelling; Tuesday. August 1. lS9f,
9 a. m. , geography; 1 p. m., arithmetic;
Wednesday. August 2, 0 a. m., history;
1 p. m.. grammar. ,,,,
"Boys of ninth prades eligible for ex
amination will report at Lowell High
School; girls of ninth grades will re
port at Girls' High School."
NINTH OF SEPTEMBER.
Committees to Arrange for the Native
Sons' Celebration Are Named.
There was a meeting in Balboa Hall in
the Native Sons' building last night of
the joint committee of the Native Sons
for the celebration of Admission day at
Santa Cruz on the 9th of September, -when
President Byington named the following
committees to do the work required to
make the celebration a success:
Transportation— P. Dockery, .
F W. Lees and Percy V. Long.
Finance— E. E. Fisher, H. N. Gard
and J. A. Devoto. ; -V^'
Parade— B. Keenan, J. E.
Hayden, W. P- Johnson,. George •N.
Van Orden and Andrew Mocker.
Music— L.. Nonnenmann, W. E. Foley, :
J. M Liebert, G. J. Hans and David.
Wilson. '
Printing and advertising:— J. W. Lew
is, B. F. Woolner. E. L.. Rlttore, C. T.
Rose and E. C. Anderson.
Hotel and accommodations— A. R. •
Vaughn, W. R. Milton, J. H. Rox- .
burgh, J. Rose and D. W. Doody. ,
Press— A. K. Daggett, J. R.. K_now
land, F. R. Neville and D. B. Bowley.
It *as announced that the trip to Santa
Cruz will be by the narrow gauge route
and that the railroad company had agreed
to carry bands without cost.
The meeting adjourned to the call of
the president. _ .
» ♦ «
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
BALDWIN HOTEL
RUINS LOOTED
FOR OLD JUNK
Systematic Theft by
Employes.
ONE OF THE WATCHMEN JAILED
SENSATIONAL FEATURES ARE
EXPECTED.
Judge Treadwell Will iiaise the De
fendant's Bail Owing to Serious
Allegations Made Known
to Him.
Ever since the destruction of the Bald
win Hotel by fire a number of junk deal
ers of this city have been adding to their
wares by the acquisition of stolen ma
terial from the ruins. The arrest of cr.e
of the employes engaged in this business
was made the other day at the instiga
tion of K. J. Baldwin in order to discover
the dishonest parties and bring them to
justice. It is said that since the fire thou
sands, of dollars' worth of material has
been stolen, and that the ruins have been
dismantled of everything which would
realize a 10-c«nt piece in a junkshop.
Th© case of William Harris, a watch
man employed about the ruins, who is
charged with burglary and petty larceny,
came up in Judge Treadwefi's court yes
terday The defendant was arrested on
the morning of July 25 by Officer Kiftane
and charged with petty larceny. He was
detected in the act of stowing away
quantities of copper and brass in sacks,
which were to be hauled. away later to
junkshopn. Kiffane had received instruc
tions to watch the ruins, as the owner
had discovered a bold theft of property.
About 6 o'clock on last Tuesday morning
the officer peeped into the ruins. He saw
Harris in the Act of loading several sacks
with junk. When the thief sighted the
officer he ran away, and his capture oc
cupied the best part of an hour. Tha
charge of petty larceny was raised to a
charge of burglary by Judge Treadwell
on Thursday,- and the hearing was set
for yesterday. Three sacks of copper and
brass appear as evidence against the de
fendant.
E. J. Baldwin was an interesting spec
tator in the courtroom. He says that he
is determine! to prosecute the prisoner.
Jud^e Tr>r\dwell made an order reducing
Harris" bail to $sno and continued the case
until Monday. Later in the day the Judge
was made cognizant of the fact that Har
ris was not alone implicated in the thiev
ing, but that it has been the result of a
preconcerted action between several men
who have been receiving pay as em
ployes about the place. The Judge ascer
tained that thousands of dollars' worth
of zinc. ' brass, conppr and fixtures have
been taken from the nlace and that other
arrests are likely to follow.
Considering the seriousness of the affair
Judge Treadwell reconsidered his deter
mination to rrdura Harris" bail and will
change his order.
AMONG THE CRICKETERS.
Team. From Southern California May
Play Here Next Month.
, The California Cricket Association held
a meeting at the Occidental Hotel Friday
night. The amendment to the rules gov
erning matches, of which due notice had
been given by George Theobald, one of
the delegates of the Pacific Club, and also
to discuss the proposed visit of an eleven
fn«Ti Southern California were consid
ered. Section 3 of article XV of the by
laws of the association was originally in
serted to prevent the bringing of good
cricketers from other parts of the State
to San Francisco for the purpose of
'strengthening city teams contending for
a trophy, as was done In some instances.
The section reads: "Members of any
affiliated club may be memb< of all
affiliated clubs, but can play only with
anil for one club during the same year
except as hereinafter provided.'.' Under
this section H" C. Casidy, lieutenant cap
tain, and T. W. G. Wallace, secretary, of
the Mountain Copper Company Cricket
Club at Keswick, Shasta. County, both of
whom were formerly members of the Pa«
cific Club, would not have been permitted
to play for their old city club while on a
'visit to San Francisco. This hardship
would have been incurred 1 because the
club at Keswick is affiliated with the as
sociation, whereas, if it were not *o affili
ated its members would have been under
no such disability. The amendment, which
embodied a just principle, was carried
unanimously.
With regard to the suggestion that the
San Francisco cricketers should defray
half the transportation expenses of the
visiting team from Southern California
the delegates were of the opinion that this
is impossible, as the association has not
sufficent funds for the purpose and the
Individual players could not sustain the
expense, It .was not regarded as prac
ticable to hire an inclosed ground and
charge admission, as the cost of printing,
advertising and rent would be barely
covered by the gate money. If It were
necessary to lay down a concrete pitch
a debt -would be Incurred as a result of
the match. ■•". ' L v
Entertainment during their stay in San
Francisco will be gladly offered by the
local cricketers, but that is all they can
do. As several Southern Callfornlans who
are goifers as wll as cricketers will prob
ably take part in the Del Monte carnival
of sports, it may be posible to get up a
cricket match for the visitors either be
fore the opening or after the closing day
at Monterey. The match set for August
20 or that scheduled for August 27 might
he postponed to make room for a game
between the visitors and the. local crick
eters. The team of southerners would
probably include C. E. Maud, who is a
golfer, cricketer and polo player: M. G.
Burmester, president of the Santa Mon
ica Golf Club; R. H. Hay-Chapman and
W H Young, who are well-known golf
ers and G. Betts, the polo expert.
A visit of Ban Francisco cricketers to
Keswick is being discussed, and an efTort
will be made to get up a team. The Kes
wick men have twice visited San Fran
cisco to play association football matches,
and are desirous to receive a visit from
the cricketers, many of whom play foot
-1 ball during the winter.
A date convenient to the local players
for a match would be September 9. but
the southerners say they could not make
up a satisfactory team to play here at
that time-, as. the golf tournament and
polo pony races at feanta Monica will be
engrossing the attention of several ol
i their best men.
The Burns Valley and Lakeport elevens
f ila-ed a- match at Burns Valley July 25.
n the first inning Lakeport scored 88 runs
I of which A. G. Daly made 33, W. O. Ed
-1 mand3 24 and C. M. Hammond IS. Burns
! Valley did not make much of a stand
against the bowling of Daly and Ham
mond, the former taking three wickets
and the latter five. Burns Valley was all
out for 36 runs. In the second inning
Lakeport peered 99 runs and Burns Valley
, made 51 for four wickets. The match be
ing decided on the first inning was a vic
tory for Lakeport by 52 runs. The best
individual score of the match was H. V,
Kcpling's 52 not out, in Lakeport's second
Inning. Turner, Webber and Beakbam
fere the most successful bowlers foi
urns Valley.
BUTCHERS ON STRIKE.
Men Walked Out Because a Union
Man Was Discharged.
KANSAS ("tTY, July 89.— owing to con
tinued trouble with the members of the
local unions of the Amalgamated Associ
ation of Meat Gutters and Butcher Work
ers, the entire killing department of the
Sehnrzchild & Sulzberger Packing Com
pany was closed to-day. Over 800 men
are out o£ work. Unless the leaders of
the Meat cutters' Association will, at the
request of the company, take radical ac
tion to compel the lay members of the
union to abide by the agreements made
last week, none of the 10<Vi men employed
by the plant will be allowed to return to
work Monday.
The present trouble started yesterday
when twenty-five tallowmtn walked out
because one of the number had been dis
charged.
A BAD MAN FROM
COW COUNTRY
RUN TO EARTH
Robber Gentry Bound
for New Mexico.
HE "STOOD UP" SIXTY MEN
CARRIED OFF FOUR THOUSAND
DOLLARS.
Was Captured in Redding and Is
Now in the Custody of the Noted
Thief Catcher, Sheriff
Blackington.
Sheriff Charles F. Blackington of So
corro County. N. M., arrived in this city
yesterday, having in charge Ernest Gen
try, a desperate robber whose capture
he caused to be made at Redding, Cal.,
the other day. I pon his arrival in town
the Sheriff placed his prisoner in the City
Prison, and will make an early start with
hini to the .scene of the crime. The of
fense for which Gentry is wanted is a
grave one. and the prisoner is a danger
ous man. Sheriff Biackington is not only
responsible for the capture, but he arrest
ed about three weeks ago in New Mexico
"Jack" Messer, who was also implicated
in the robbery.
On April 10. ISDP. a bold robbery was
committed in the Alamogordo mill at Al
amogordo. N. M.. The audacity of the per
petrators startled the inhabitants of the
town, and every effort to effect their cap
ture was marie. Two masked men entered
E. W. GENTRY.
the mill in bright daylight and, producing
two pairs of ugly-looking revolvers, com
manded the employes of the place to
throw up their hands. Notwithstanding
there were nearly sixty men in the place
at the time the robbers took them so com
pletely by surprise that those in the of
ticp instantly obeyed the mandate and al
lowed the rifling of the company's safe.
1 The robbers secured about $4000 and made
their escape. ■ ,
For two months the criminals eluded
thrir pursuers. Not even their names
FRANEY WILL BE
M'CONNELL'S OPPONENT
The Kival Welter-Weights Will Meet
Before the National Club
in August.
After extended negotiations the officials
of the National Athletic Club have found :
an opponent for Frank McConnell in the ;
person of "Jim" Franey. The men will \
box In Wood-ward's Pavilion on August 16 ;
and will weigh in at US pounds.
Franey was the boxer who made so im- j
petuous a fight with Charley Goff and who j
paid the penalty. He is a boxer of the
whirlwind type and should make an excel- j
lent adversary for McConnell. The men
are about the same height and reach and
both have proved themselves game. Mc-
Connell is in condition now. Having been .
given a careful preparation for his bout j
with Neill by Tim McGrath. he will
need only light work to keep on edge.
Franey has been rusticating in the coun
try and will settle down to training at
once.
■ ♦ ■ ■
Trunk moved, 25c; furniture, pianos, freight.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
■ ♦ .
AN AMENDMENT MISSING.
Supervisors' Clerk Russell Discovers
a Mistake in the Statutes.
John Russell, clerk of the Board cf Su
pervisors, yesterday discovered that a
constitutional amendment adopted by the
Lrf-Eislature at its last session did not j
appear in the statutes. The amendment
provides for the payment of certain debts
to the amount of (210.000 contracted by
the city and county of San Francisco in
1892 and 1893. It was thought at first that
the non-appearance of the amendment in
the statute bunks would prevent its ap
pearance on the ballot at the next gen
eral election, when it must be voted upon
by the people, i>m Secretary of State
Charles F. Curry, who was in this city
yesterday, spvs that if the Legislature
adopted it there is a record of that fact j
in hi? office and the amendment will duly ,
appear on the ballot. !
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Notice of Reward.
Biackwell's Durham Tobacco
Company will pay
FIFTY DOLLARS
(U. S. gold coin) as a
REWARD
to any one securing the arrest
and conviction of any police
officer, or any person, who has
heretofore, or will hereafter, mu-
tilate or destroy any of the Bull
Durham posters or signs, painted
or pasted upon any signboard or
any fence.
HERMAN HEYNEMAN,
204-206 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
were kno.wn, and the officials had almost
abandoned hope of a capture when Sheriff.
Blackington Discovered that one of tt:->
men was a "Jack" Messer, well known
through the southern country. He went
on the fellow's trail and landed hiir. m
the Socorro County Jail about three
weeks ag>>. "When this capture was ef
fected BlackinKton was led to believe
that Gentry was also implicated. The lat
ter absented himself from the country
soon after the arrest of his pal. and the
Sheriff followed him to Deming. where
he ascertained that he had purchased a
ticket for Redding. Cal. A dispatch was
immediately sent to the Sheriff at Red •
ding and Gentry's arrest followed a few
Bfackington took a train for California
and arrived in Redding with requisition,
papers just as the attorneys for Gentry
wore in the act of arguing their eighth
habeas corpus plea for the release of ths
prisoner. The Sheriff walked into the
courtroom with the refiuieition and mada
the robber his prisoner.
Sheriff Blackington, who is stopping at
the Palace Hotel, has served as a Sheriff
in three different counties of as many
States since his arrival in the West in
1567. He has a record of many important
captures, and is known as a terror to the
SHERIFF BLACKINGTON.
lawbreakers. The prisoner he has
charge is a hard criminal, and is saM
be wanted in Arizona for murder.
Dear Madam: "Pegamoid" says come!
You're welcome. Chronicle building. No.
Reception at St. Brendan's.
The Society of the Children of Mary of
St. Brendan's parish -will give a farewell
entertainment and reception this after
noon in St. Brendan's Hall to Sister Mary
Elizabeth, who has been in charge of th<»
society for several years and who is about
to be called to other fields of work by the
Order of the Sisters of Mercy. An ad
dress of welcome will be read and the
members of the society have prepared a
musical and literary programme for the
occasion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fißSfifn
1 SALE!?
0 O
° Extra Special Bargains in a
T Remnants This Week, A
I REMNANTS. J
0 45-inch WHIPCORD SUITINGS. !
X wool and mohair, dark colorings. O
I were 40c per yard. Remnants at ..
(| the rate of 19c per yard "
1 REMNANTS. !
1 DOUBLE-FOLD FANCY PLAID •
T DRtSS GOODS, good assortment 1
Q of bright Scotch colorings, regu- j
I lar 25c quaiity. Remnants • the q
O rate of 10c yard j
2 REMNANTS. J
© 38-inch FANCY FIGURED SUIT- 1
I . INGS, two-toned colorings, regu- |
O lar 35c quality. Remnants at the a
rate of - 15c per yard j
T REMNANTS. •
FINE FRENCH BROADCLOTH. J
O satin finished, all wool. 54 inche s Q
I wide, good assortment of colors, f
" $1.50 quality. Remnants at the ©
m rate of 75c peryard '
r KOHLBERG, •
i strauss & :
! FROHMAN, :
• 1220, 1222 and 1224 •
• Market Street, •
T
a-«-«-«-»-«-e-»-o-»-«
A SORE POINT
It is with some laundries to remind
them of the superiority of our work,
but we claim and reiterate that we do
the best class of work in the '.aundry
line of any establishment in San Fran-
cisco, and our patrons all bear us out
in our statement. If you bring your
laundry work here you will be our pa-
tron always. "No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 54-2 Eleventh St.
78
5 PORTS.
HUNDRED-MILE
BICYCLE RACE
WON BY PIERCE
E!kes Forced Out by
Exhaustion.
WALLER GETS SECOND PLACE
WINNER FAILS TO LOWER HIS
RECORD.
Eikee Paced From the Start by the
Motor Quad Manned by Crooks,
Ireland, Allen and
Fournier
s;*<-!a.l Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, July 29.— The JOO-m!le
I . bicycle ra^ c at Manhattan Beach
track to-day was won by Burns Pierce <if
; the pn ■ let of the 100-mlle
liled, how< v er, to
l)is own record <>f 3 hours, 24 min
mds, finishing in 3
- Zi minutes ai ■■'. a - The
etifE breeze blowing a< ross ••he track prob
ahampion's BP h Frank
■ • s s< cond, In 3 hours, -li mmm
d 9 l-."i seconds.
There w< re four starters for the $1000
ol Boston, Harry
of Glen Kails, N. V.. the middle
hampion of America; Charles
A\". .Mill< ■■:■ ol «' l ii' ago, long distance cham
>f the world, and Frank Waller of
• n. The start was witnessed by 4000
ae. Klk.'s was the inside man and
bett< r of the start.
v. is on the outside, but from the
moment ; .-- lefi the tape he doggedly hung
Elkes until he finally overrode him
m off the track. Klk«s' .
start was t he motor quad,
. j .!..i bj Crooks, Ireland, Allen and
ier. At the end of the lirst lap
with Pierce
up. Waller third and Miller last. Miller
ist. Both Kik'-s
: the others in the
■ perform
at ;:it' r\ a Is of e\ cry ! ew
mii< s. At thi i the sixth milt
quad suddenly <j vi t .
. threw him out somewhat, luu h'. 1
with Kent and
X - double seater.
: I gained an advant
age, whi< h he madi the most of, a :
Ihe seveni b mile. I
was again ahead, with
• to his old- position of a
nd.
• mpts
ling only in the twen
i.:i--. A! the finish of the
. kes was again lead
■ I passed Pn
n a lap. All this time nobody
ring with either Waller "r Mn
w n still on the track and
all. Ai the twenty-fifth mile
three miles behind, and at the
•h Miller had added two mil<
• thirty-third milo Waller
.: he was t gged He
behind his pacer, but again got on
- finished th* thirty-fifth mile in
:ii'i 56 3-5 --••'■ iqOLs. Pierce
im again at the thirty-seventh mile,
but hi had retaken Ins old place in the
mile. \Vhen he passed the thirty
ninth mile mark Pierce made another
it he did not Buceeed in
passii . They were now traveling
at a r< iviiiK pace. Kikes finished
point In 1 hour 16 minutes
■ji !-.". seconds. Miller hu<i then gone thir
and Waller thirty-six
rnilcs. Elkes made the forty-fifth mile in
nds. After
. ■ was a tierce struggle for the
n t hey nad finished
eyenth mile Pierce shot ahead,
this time with marked advantage, which
improve, passing ti.
ti( • !; milt . ■ Elkes.
'ihe beginning of the end had ccme.
Pierce continued t;-> gain u:id was evi
dently as fresh. as .-. K»-n lie started, while
Kikes showed signs of giving out. The
Boston man went ahead at a furious
pace. At the ty-second miie he was a
lap an a half jh.;.d; at the flfty-fourth
two laps, and he made the fifty-sixth mile
with K;k. s three laps — one mile— behind.
Elkes' condition had now become appa
rent to everybody, and when Fierce start
ed on the fifty-seventh mile Kikes left
the track. He was then a mile and a lap]
the loser. Elkes returned, however, when
l J iorce was coursing into bis sixty-second
mile. .' .,! . •--.'
When Pierce finished the sixty-third
n the seire stood: Elkes 57 miles 2
laps. Waller 57 miles 1 lap.
Elkes improvi d his position by beating
Waller by another lap, and Waller began
to play at running rings around Miller.
ty-ninth rriile for Pierce, J2ll-.es
became played out and quit. Wal
ler was then six miles behind Piurce.
Elkes was, however, not yet beaten, and
Bpiendid pluck the boy was out
by the time Pierce was rounding up
his se* • nty-second mile.
He had then, of course, no chance to
win the purse, and at best could only
• r a percentage of receipts. Even
Miller was then ahead of him, hut he was
not very long in sending the Chicago man
to th- rear. Pierce finished the nlnety-
Waller second at the
-fifth, while Elkes was third, with
J>2 miles and 2 laps to his score.
nly a matter of
waiting fcr Piei I h and to b< •
man Waller maki ihe best of it for second
i ■ d his freshness to the
.:;<! looked at the clos<=- as if he could
easily have pour, on for another hundred
From th- eighty-fifth miie he had how
ever, gon< the record. Waller
d up Bplendidly for an old chap, and
Elkea was roundly applauded for his
pluck.
'lime at the finish: Burns Pierce 3
hours 27 minutes .", 2-5 seconds; Frank
"Waller. 3 hours 44 minutes 9 1-6 seconds*
Harry Elkes, :: heirs 52 minutes 37 9 -5
seconds; Charles W. Miller, 3 hours 56
minutes 40 2-5 seconds.
ATHLETES COMING HOME.
Good Fellowship Marks the Sailing
of the Americans.
SOUTHAMPTON, July 2;.. -A portion of
the Harvard-Yale athletic team which
ted In the interuniversity sports at
the Queen's Club, London, last Saturday,
Bailed for home to-day on the steamer St.
Louis. A crowd assembled at the Ameri
cans' hotel in London this morning to bid
them farewell. They all sans "Avid Lang
and "' tod Sai c the Queen."
rty handshakes and drinking of
healths -followed, and amid cheers from
...their friends and admirers the athletes
Btarted for the Waterloo station, where
they entered a special salon car and were
carried to Southampton. A battalion of
Grenadier Guards <-n route to Alder
shot gavi' the Americans a rousing cheer
fis the train started. In response to which
■ ■ Pale-Harvard boys vigorously waved
college colors.
Stevens and Downing Win.
JEW V'iRK. July 29.— At the grand clr
• bicycle meeting at Ashbury Park to
undor the direction of A. A. Zim
merman, interest centered in the mile
pionshlp, which brought out a big
of professionals. Including Cooper,
Katon, Ki.ser. McFarland, Free
man ;md Sims. Results:
Professional championship, one mile—
Won by O. L. Stevens of Ottumwa; If. B.
an ol Portland, Or., second; I ver
in of Chicago, third. Time, 2:11 4-5.
tesslonai handicao, half mile— Won
i Hardy Downing of Sfin Jose, 45 yards;
< . B. Jack of Philadelphia, 40 yards, sec
ond; Charles Halefiold of New York, 40
yards, third. Time, 1:01.
Advances made on furniture and pltuioa, with
or without removal. J. Noanan, 1017-1023 MUslon.
San Francisco 'Defeats Santa Cruz. <r^^
S&urns Fierce Wins S&/y SSicycle S?ace.
.- i^^Mrz 'Dqngie Captures SBnyAton Cup.
BANGLE EASILY
CAPTURES THE
BRIGHTON CUP
Don de Oro Tires at
the End.
GONFALON DUMPSTHE TALENT
OUTSIDER WINS THE RISING
GENERATION STAKES.
At Saratoga the California Filly To
luca Goes Once Around the
Course in 1 :40
Flat.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July There was a big
upset at Brighton Beach to-day when
Perry Belmont's Gonfalon beat tho Dwyer
pair, Trumpet and Shoreham, who were
coupled at 1 to 6 in the betting. Maher
took him to the front at the fall of the
flag and led all the way with ease.
For the Brighton cup Don de Oro was
the favorite, Bangle a strong second
choice, and Latson .the outsider. At the
start Don de Oro and Bangle ran head
and head through the t stretch, with L;it- ;
son six lengths behind. - Around the lower,
turn Don de Oro began to draw away,
and as they went into the'backstreteh:
Don de Oro had a length the better of
Bangle, with l^atson r«atlng along ten
lengths behind. Around the upper turn,
with one mile finished, Don de Oro got
another half-length, and was leading by
a. length and a half as they came down
the stretch the second time, while Latson
was twenty lengths behind Bangle. As
they rounded the lower turn the last time
Bangle began to move up slowly, and
when they were straightened out on the
backstretch he and Don de Oro were head
and head. Just as they caxne to the upper
turn Maher sent Bangle to the front, and
as the flag dropped for the end of the
second mile Don de Oro was laboring a
length and a half behind. Jn the stretch
Maher saw he was a winner and pulled
Bangle up, winning oy four lengths. Re
sults: . ■
Five furlongs, selling— Fluke won, Midwood
- third. Time, 1:01 ♦ ;
i 'n.- 1 milH. s^iiinp Rare Perfume won, Hur
1. Altnea third. Time. 1:41.
Rising Generation si,ik-s. six turlongs -Gon
falon won, Sboreham second, Trumpet third.
Time, 1 :15 1-5.
Brighton cup. two ami a quarter miles Ran
pi" iv. .ii. Don de Oro second, 1/atswn third.
Time, 3:56 2-5.
The Scud .^tak--'.". five furlonßs -Isidor won.
Water Kinp third.
■
se, handicap. Full course — King T
won, Perion second, Reinetmin third. Time,
SARATOGA. July 29. -Though rain fell after
th» third ra<f to-day it wa.« not beavy enough
- t the gj'ing. The Grathlana stakes
yielded only a fair contest, a> Mesmerist
jumped ma "f t!ie bunch, <nu "ut his own
work and won handily :r<'m Sam Phillips.
Toluca's time in the fourth event. 1:40, Is the
best ever made on this track. Results:
Five and a halt' furlongs— Voter won, High
second. Time, I. l *'. 1 -.-
Mile and a sixteenth— The Kentuckian won,
Swiftmae second. Azucena third. Time, 1.47 : 3 .
Five furlongs -Mesmerist w..n. Sam FhtlUps
i. Sardinia third. Time, 1:01%.
One mile Toluca won. Batten second. Sur
v!\ or third. Time. I 4 I
.Six ruiiongs- I'happarjua won. Emigre second,
Ineenamara third. Time, ].:
< >iih and a half miles, hurdle— Dudley won,
Julius Caesar second, Three Forks third. Time
-
DETROIT, July 29— The weather was clear
and warm to-day and the Windsor track was
fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling: — Madam Gorst won.
Brown Veil second, Tendresse third. Time,
l:»H.
Half-mile, selling— Aurea won, Ida Fordham
second. Grumble third. Time. :49.
Six furlongs — Reggie won. Miss Rowena
second. Tribune third. Time, 1:14%.
Mile and an eighth, the Martimas stake, sell
ing—Branch won. Colonel Frank Waten sec
ond, Maratana II thirrl. Time, 1:54.
Seven furlongs, si-lling— l>lttli- Sallie won,
I>i.k Warren second. Flag of Truce third.
Time, l:2S'i-
Seven furlongs, selling— Beguile won, Eleanor
Holmes second, Topgallant third. Time, l:2S'i.
Short course steeplechase Pompeii II won,
Rosebery second, I-a Colona third. Time, 2:47.
ST. LOUIS, July 2S— Track fast. Results:
Selling, mile and seventy yards -Hittick won,
KoeniK ss-r-i.nd, Lulu W third. Tim». 1:48.
Selling, one and a half mile? — Kodak won,
10-o second, Rowland I'ueu thirr]
Time. 2:37.
Handicap, six furlongs— lda
I.edford won,' Alice Turner second, Harry Vol
mer third. Time, 1:16.
Handicap, six furlongs— Alleviate won, Imp.
Mint Sauce second, Miss Bramble third. Time,
1:1.".
Handicap, one mile — Kd Farrell won, Moral
ist second. Chimura third. Time, 1:42'- 4 .
Selling, one anil a sixteenth miles— Sir Rolla
won Gaston second, Basquil third. Time, 1:60.
Selling, one mile — Jimp won. Barbee second,
Montedonico third. Time, l:L" i l .
CHICAGO, July 29.— Weather clear and track
fast at Harlem to-day. Results:
Fnur and a half furlongs— I^ady Elite won,
•oke second, Oconee third. Time, :54%.
One and a quarter miles, selling — Egbart won.
Gun Metal second, Fine-m Respice third. Time
I tne and a quarter miles, pelllne— Gadsfl^n
won, Hanlight second. Ray H third. Time,
2:07%.
<iv mile and twenty yards, handicap—Can
ova won, Harry Nutter second, John Baker
i third. Time, 1:41%.
Six furlongs-^Our Gertie won, Helen's Pet
second, Bennevllle third. Time, 1:134.
One mile, selling — Kewngatherer won, Tappan
second, Racivan third. Yirne, L.40%.
WILL BOW AND SWIM.
Dolphins to Give a Varied Aquatic
Entertainment To-Day.
The committee of the Dolphin Boating
Club having ladies' day in charge has
been hard at work for some time past ar
ranging details, and promises a most in
teresting programme of aquatic events to
day. Besides the regular rowing and
swimming contests, there will be. amus
ing events, such as a tug of war in boats,
walking the greasy pole, etc. The row
ing races will be pulled off first, so as to
take advantage of smooth water as far
as possible. The programme will consist
of eight events, and will be run off as fol
lows:
Outrigger skiff race for diamond
medal— George Baker and Dr. F. R.
Axton.
Bpecial match race in outrigger
Skiffs— H. Pless of the Ariel Rowing
Club and T. M. Ferguson of the Dol
phins.
International four-oared barge race-
Irish crew: T. J. Sullivan, bow; C.
M. Farrell, No. 2: W. o. Patch, No. 3;
T. J. Kennedy, stroke, and J. S. Earls,
cockswain. German crew: Lt-su>r
Hammersmith, bow; W. .Bush No 2;
A. P. Rothkoff. No. 3; A. W. Pape'
stroke, and Adam Schuppert, cock
swain.
Tug of war in boats— George Buker.
Dr. F. R. Axton. with E. H. Coney,
cockswain, versus Andrew Brannan
and Frank McKlrath, with E. Convey,
cockswain.
Novelty race— A. W. Pape versus
Lester Hammersmith.
Swimming race, 275 yards with a turn
— Lester Hammersmith and A. W.
Papo, scratch; W. O. Patch, J. S.
Earls. E. H. Coney. C. M. Farrell, J.
Farrell, A. Brannan and T. J Sulli
van, with varying handicaps
H. A. Widemann. the champion swim
mer, will he at the clubhouse, anrl Dr
Riehl. who seventeen years ago swam to
Alameda from the Dolphin quarters will
exhibit his kite life-saving apparatus
The doctor wishes to cross the bay on the
seventeenth anniversary of his long awim
Ooean Water Tub Bathe.
101 Seventh etre*t. corner Mission. Bait
water direct from the ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 30, 1899.
SANTA CRUZ
DEFEATED BY
HANK'S MEN
Local Nine Won From
the Lobsters.
VISITORS GOT ONE RUN
DRENNAN HIT THE FIREMAN
FOB A TWO-BAGGER.
The Game Was "Unusually Exciting
and Quite a Large Crowd As
sembled at Recreation Park
to Witness It.
"Hank's" local nine took th© lead yes
terday by defeating tho ball tossers from
Santa Cruz in a rather interesting game
at Recreation Park. At the close of the
contest the San Franclscos had a total of
Fix runs to their credit and the Beach
combers could only boast of one. A large
crowd was In attendance.
The Santa Cruz team made their lonely
run in the seventh inning. Drennan
led off with a two-bagger and the crowd
went wild with enthusiasm, it having been
the first really good hit the Beachcombers
made off Fireman Fltz. Arrelanes re
tired on a foul to Riley. Kleiber singled
and I'rennan scored on Balsz's out to
first.
In the ninth "Hank's" men took the
trouble by the horns and succeeded in
bringing Pyne. Hllderbrandt and Muller
safe over the home plate. The score was
as follows:
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH.SB. PO. A. E.
Hilderbrandt, r. f.... 5 3 2 2 0 X 0
Muller. 1. f 5 110 0 0 0
Krup. s. B 6 12 1111
Sullivan, lb 5 0 0 0 19 0 0
Hiley, 3b 4 0 0 0 4 7 0
Swindells, c 4 0 10 10 0
Pyne, c. f 4 l 0 0 0 0 o
O'Neil, 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 6 0
Fltzpatrick, p 2 0 0 0-070
Totals 38 6 6 8 27 21 1
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2 b 4 0 0 0 0 2 3
Pevereaux. 3 b 2 0 0 0 1 2 1
Streib, 1. t 3 0 0 0 i 0 0
Pace c 3 0 0 0 4 1 1
Clarke. 1 b 4 0 0 0 8 0 1
Drennan, c. f 3 1 1 0 6 0 1
Arr»!an«s, r. f 3 0 0 0 110
Kleiber, a. s 4 0 2 0 5 2 0
Balsz, (i 3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 29 1 3 0 27 10 7
RUNS ANT> HITS BY INNINGS.
Pnn Francisco 1 0 10 0 0 0 1 3— 6
Rase hits 1 0 0 10 0 10 2—5
Santa fniz 0 o 0 0 0 0 1 0 o—l
Ha?o hits 0 10 0 0 0 2 0 o—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fitzpatrick, 1. Two
base hits— Hilderbrandt, Muller. Krug. Swin
dells. I>rennan. First base on errors -San
Francisco. 7. Santa Cruz, 1. First ba^e on
.ailed halls-San Francisco, 2; Santa f'ruz, 3.
r>eft on !ph?ps — Pan Francisco, 7; Santa Cruz, 7.
Struck out— By Fitzpatrick, 1; by Balsz. 3. Hit
by pitcher— l >evereaux. Double play— O'Neil to
Sullivan. Time of gram e— l:4s. Trnplre— Rube
Levy. ( official si <>rer— .T. W. Stapleton.
Oakland Team Shut Out.
WATBONVILLE, July 29.— "Dad" Ham
per demonstrated to-day his right to
stand at the head of the baseball pitchers
of the State, notwithstanding the fact
that he has been in harness longer- than
any pitcher on the coast. For nine in
nings the Oakland Dudes attempted to
straighten out his curves and shoots, with
the result that ten of them hit only the
atmosphere. Not one of them was given a
tree pass to first .and not a solitary hit
was made. Only one of the Dudes was
left op. a lias». In the sixth Harper batt< I
the ball to deep center and made the
round of the bases In easy style, but was
called oin (or not touching- the third bag.
The Sugar Beets plugged Steffani hard, :
and their fielding was of the gilt edge
variety. Manager Morris knows how to
get good work out of his men. The score:
Watsonvillb.
ab. r. bh. sb. po. a. c.
Brockhoff. 3 b 4 2 2 0 1 0 0
McCarthy, s. s 3 13 0 12 0
Courtney, c. f 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Croll, r. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Selna, l t> 4 l 3 0 8 0 o
Morrow, c 3 1 2 0 10 2 0
Billings, 2 b 4 ft 1 0 2 2 1
Hayes, I. f 4 0 1 0 1 2 0-
Totals ;.3O 6 14 0 27 8 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Peeples, 2b 4 <> 0 0- 3 3 1
Hammond, c 3 0 0 0 13 1
Hutchlnson, 1 b 3 0 0 0 10 2 0
Hardie, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 10
Dunleavy, 1 f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Lange, 3 b 3 0 0 0 2 1 0
eer, s. s SOOO3SO
Foley, c. 1 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Hardie Jr.. cr 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Steffani, p 3 0 0 0 0 5 0
Totals 28 0 0 0 »25 18 2
•Harper out for not touching third. Courtney
out for knocking pop fly.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Watsonville 1 0 0003002—6
Base hits 1 0 1 1 2 6 0 1 2—13
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 00000000—0
SUMMART.
Runs responsible for- Steffani (5). Two-base
hits — Brr.'.'khofE, Courtney, Harper. Sacriflcs
hitF — McCarthy, Croll, Morrow. First base on
errors Oakland <2). First base on called balls
— Watsonville (3). Left on bases— WatsonviHe
(3), Oakland (1). Double plays— Steffani to
Hutch insun to Lange, Lange to Schmeer to
Harrtle. Pasted ball — Hammond. Time of
game— l:2s. Umpire — O'Connell.
' San Jose Loses to Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, July 29.— The San Joses
were an easy mark to-day, the Saoramen
tos winning in a canter. At no stage did
the Gardeners have a chance to win.
Borchers went to pieces in the first in
ning and withdrew in the third in favor
of Huston. Eight runs were made off
the latter in two innings, when Hanldn
was called in and finished the game.
Doyle was touched for ten scattered hits
The features of the game were a double
play by Hanlon to Anderson to Borchers
and home runs by Stanley, Shanahan and
Borchers. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughltn. If 6 3 3 2 0 0 0
Harvey, r. f 5 2 2 0 5 0 0
O'Connor, 1 b S 2 1 o 12 0 0
Eagan. s. s 5 4 8 116 0
Stanley, c 4 3 2 0 6 0 0
Doyle, p. <5 1 2 0 0 2 0
Shanahan. c. f 4 3 2 0 10 0
Stulz. 2 b 5 2 2 0 10 0
Sheehan, 3b.. 6 1 1 0 1 1 l
Totals 47 ?1 18 3 27 9 1
SAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. M.
MrOucken, c. f 5 0 1 0 1 OT
Hupton, 3b & p 4 1 0 0 1 0 1
Graham, r. f 5 0 2 0 10 0
ODea, B. s 4 1 1 1 3 2 2
Anderson, 2 b 4 2 3 12 4 0
Hanlnn. lb,. p. & 3b. 3 0 0 0 5 J i
Dalrymple. 1. f 4 1 0 0 4 n 0
Kent. c. 4 0 1 0 4 0 1
Borchers. p. & 1 b.. 4 1 2 0 6 2 l
Totals 37 6 10 2 27 10 ~7
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 4 0 5 0 S 0 0 1 3—21
Kase hits 3 0 4 1 6 1 1 1 2— lg
Ban Jose 1 0 0 2 0 0 0 2 I—6
Base hits z 0 1 3 1 0 0 1 2—lo
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Doyle 2, Borchers 7
Huston 5. Hanlon 2. Home runs— Stanley'
Shanahan, Borchers. Two-base hit*— Harvey'
Eagan 2. MrLaußhlin. Shanat.an, Stulz. Sacril
flee hit— Hanlon. First base on errors — Sacra
mento 3. First base on called balls — Off Doyle
2. off Borchers 3, off Hubcoij 1, off Hanlon" 2
Left on bases— Sacramento 6, San Jose 7 Struck
out— By Doyle 2, by Borchers 2, by Hanlon 2
Double play— Hanlon to Anderson to Borchers
Passed balls— Kent 2. Time of game— 2:os. Um
pire—Long. Scorer— Grlffln.
RELIANCE CLUB
WINS FROM THE
BILE ATHLETES
Enthusiastic Crowd at
the Baseball Game.
MATCH WON IN THE EIGHTH
CAL EWING MAKES A BUNCH
OF ERRORS.
Fantastic Costumes, Amateur Um
pires and Much Noise Make the
Diamond Contest a Great
Social Success.
office* San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, July 29.
Reliance 10, Nile .8.
Freeman's Park, near Golden Gate sta
tion, was the scene of much baseball ec
stasy yesterday afternoon, when the Re
liance and Nile teams batted and ran
through nine innings of excellent dia
mond sport. The crowd was there, and it
asserted itself at all times, especially in
the eighth inning, when the Oaklandersput
in the finishing touches which made vic
tory of defeat. Nile, in emblematic green,
then furled its glowing colors and raised
the black flag, while the maroon and
white floated in the breeze.
A section of society was there to ap
plaud with gloved hands and stamp well
shod feet. Dr. Pardee and John A. Brlt
ton performed heroic service as umpires,
and they are now many pounds lighter in
weight for their grilling work. At one
time Cal Ewing. than whom there is no
greater exponent of baseball in Oakland,
clashed swords with the umpires and en
gaged In a heated mental battle with Dr.
Pardee. The latter, with his dauntless
eye, finally subdued the former, and the
game went on. Ewing forgot to mucilage
his fingers befora the game began, with
the result that of the four chances he had
offered to him four glittering errors
gliMen on the score card opposite his
name. John Mitchell emulated Kwing's
work and did as much for the Nile green.
In the eighth inning the score was 8 to 7
in favor of the Nile club. William Na
thaniel Friend , dnekod in the grotesque
habiliments of an Irish lad, gave a whoop
that set the benches wagging. His small
hat let the burning sun rays scorch his
bead, and "Willie" was an Indian for two
minutes. But the Reliance team benefited
by the outburst. Three runs were made
In rapid sviccession. the last by Pratt on
a stolen base from third to home. Tills
caused Ewing to show his sole leather
again and forced Dr. Pardee to assert his
authority l>> ordering the Nile kicker to
take his place on third, where ho be
longed. The score remained unchanged
after this inning.
The lineup was as follows:
Nile Positions. Reliance.
Percy Mack Pitcher Ferry Deacon
J. P. Cook Catcher Clem Perkins
R, M. Clement First bas«e Will Dean
Ben F. Woolner... Second base Will Ward
Cal Swing Third base Harry Platt
Beach Dean Shortstop. . .Henry Dieckman
R. Bahles I>>ft field Tom CuHhing
John Mitchell Center field J. J. White
F. M. I'mphred. ...niKht field George Chi
Returned Olympic Club Bonds.
The Olympic Athletic Club is heir to a
lot of good fortune these days. The ex
ample of Mrs. Jane 1... Stanford in re
turning bonds of the club without con
sideration has moved others to take the
same action. S. H. Seymour, the capital
ist, who was formerly manager of the
Rusfl House, returned bonds he held to the
value of $li»"i. i n consideration of his gen
erosity he was made a life member of tne
club.
Marysville's Dove Stew.
MARVSVILI.E. July 29.— A1l arrange
ments are perfected for the annual shoot
ing tournament and dove stew of the
Marysvllle <Jun Club to he held at Shel
ton's Grove to-morrow. Otto ?"oudner,
"Crit" Etoblnson, Maskey.Webb and other
Doted marksmen have arrived to take
part in the prize events. Two gold medals
will be competed for.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
New and Important Improvements Over All Other
/"^% IP^ilF Electrical Treatments.
--^ If you are s c ' you need help You have tried medicines and they
2pf^.^ —^^e^f^fezy*' J r ave not cure<^ y° u Stop drugging. Electricity, properly applied, is
. Jb*E'£>} ) yr JtJß^^^ J^^%^'- 'lS^^- v '^ c 2 rea est onic ' tne greatest reliever of pain, and the only positive cure
t&frf* V^S&t/ __/j_rj $&&&\. IS^*' ~*^§/ f ° r a " • NervoUSl MusCLjlar and Organ c Weakness, Rheumatism, Kidney
(SHglJy .jM -i 'J^k^W^^^^^* j-ssas^^Jl^^^^ Troubles, Lame Back, Liver and Stomach Troubles, and it will cure when
Jy|||j|'pk > r^^^^^^^^^^^^JM^^^^^\ My Electric Belt is the grandest invention of the age. ft contains
fpl^ffl. & ffieB 1^ \ "■'■•" : the work of twenty years. It is simple but remarkable in its construction.
ffij|^#j| s^^^^S^P/^^f|P^ j I positively warrant it, on a bond of $5000, to be the strongest Eiectric
lllliHi f/^fef^P!^ '^iSr ' jH Belt that Wa * eVCr mvented lts curr ent is easily controlled by my perfect
%^^m^^^^^ '^^^MT ! 0\ regulator. It is guaranteed at my expense for one year, and $5000 will
£t£=s^&L^ ' '^yggls&fj&jS lt^\ ' DC iorfei'ed for one of my Belts which will not give a current of electricity
™BMh\ t hat Can be Olt aS soon as !t touches the body.
fd^^^^^ IF YOU ARE : SICK, TRY IT.
ifflAft* " \V TvC*^ It is unlike all others. It is stronger, more durable and more satis-
J - JmWk ii BSS^\v\ factory t0 wear than any other method ° f treatment
1 V \ N Jiil\i§*W \ YCU fee ' ' tS vitalizin 2 warmth as soon as it touches your body. Put
r^^W^l^bO^^^^MMßMJML ¥/{/! '* ° n When y ° U ar9 retirin g' set the regulator just as you like the power,
j$ I^^y^S^^r3^^Bßßna /am anC^ '* P um P s a gentle stream of electricity into your body while you sleep.
I\ Tt ffmfj^yi 1 y^mS^^^^^' /^'r Its touch is the touch of magnetism, the essence of vital force. It
fofa- .- . j Tr^^^^l^ff^£S^ t soothes pain, quiets the nerves, enlivrns 'he blood and restores vigor to all
parts. It m kes all men and women stronger.
"I wou'd not take $2000 for my Belt," writes a grateful patient ;. "It is wort more than money when it brings health."
CALL AND TEST IT TO=DAY===MY BOOKLET FREE.
Come and let me show you how grandly superior it is and how easily it can be made mild or strong while on your body. You can test it foe
If you cannot call, write for frse book tel ing all about it This book is full of truths for weak men, and will help you.
Send for it Call or address
TIR M A MpT ATT(THT TNT 702 Market Bt,, cor. Kearny, San Francisco, and
UJXm lfl« J\. XILKjJU JtX U II JUI , : : cor . pr j ng and Second, Los ingeles,
Office hours— % a, in, to 8:S0 m.; bundaye, JO to 1. NBVB« BOLD IN PRUGBTORBB,
5 PORTS.
SCORES OF FAST
DORSES STABLED
AT SANTA ROSA
In Training for the
Races.
EVENTS ARE WELL .FILLED
LARGE PURSES ATTRACT THE
HARNESS BRIGADE.
Evidence That th« Coming Meeting
Will Be One of the Most
Successful Ever Held in
the State.
Sp<sc!aJ Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July 29.— The race meet
to be held here during the week beginning
August 14 promises to be one of the best
ever held in the State. Between seventy
and eighty of the fastest trotters In Cal
ifornia are already quartered at the track
stables, while other strings are arriving
daily.
Secretary F. W. Kelly of the Breeders'
Association spent yesterday in this city
completing many of the necessary prelim
inary arrangements. He was accompanied
by T. J. Crowley. It has been decided to
designate Monday, the opening day, aa
"Ladies' day." and upon that occasion no
admission fee will be collected from the
fair sex.
Every morning: a number of citizens oc
cupy the grand stand and witness ths
horses at work. Some very speedy miles
are being reeled off in the workouts. I
Direct wont at a 2:16 gait to-day from the
pole to the half without apparently half
trying.
Over $15,000 has been offered in purses
for the coming meeting, and single purses
running as high as $1000 have been hung
up for the more important events. The
Santa Rosa track is recognized as one of
the fasteat and best in California. During
the meet held here last year a number of
State records were smashed, and Gur
nett's gray gelding Who Is It broke the
world's record for three-year-olds. Every
stall has been engaged for the coming
event, ar.d the influx of horsemen prom
ises to bf> larger than ever before.
Among the horses already here and at
work are the following:
('. D. Jeffries trainer— l Direct, br. s.,
four-year-old, record 2:13; by Direct,
dam by Francisco; owner, C. F. Kapp,
San Francisco.
Brioo McNeal, eh. g., five-year-old,
record 2:19)4; by Dudley, flam by Pos
cera llayward; owner, W. H. Dahle,
Pleasanton.
Hazel Kinney, b. m.. seven-year-old,
record 2:12%; by McKlnney, dam by
Christmas; owner, William Rourke,
San Bernardino.
Fanny Putnam, b. m.. five-year-old,
record 2:IJVi; by Christmas, dam by
Oregon Pathfinder; owner, W. G. Ste
venson, Victoria, B. C.
Annie Rooney, eh. m.. seven-year
old, record 2:17 1 i; by Strathway. dam
by Oakland Boy; owner, R. Spreckels,
San Francisco.
Marguerite, eh. m., six-year-old, no
record; full sister to Annie Rooney;
owner. R. Spreckels. San Francisco.
D. R. Mizner trainer— Al Gregor. s.
g., eight-year-old, record 2:11; by Stein
way, dam by Robert McGregor; owner,
H. Dutard, San Francisco.
Athavls, br. g. , eight-year-old, rec
ord 2:18 1 i; by Clovis. dam of Athanio;
owner. H. Tj. Jones. New York.
Azalia. blk. m.. nine-year-old, record
2:22 1 2 : by Mambrino Wilkes. dam — ;
owner, J. C. Kirkpatrick, San Fran-
risco.
Joe Casela trainer— Maud Newman,
r. m.. seven-year-old, record 2:2fi: by
Antonio Jr.. dam — ; owner, Charles
Newman. San Francisco.
Butcher Boy, chestnut gelding, sev
en-year-old, record 2:17 I t ; by Secre
tary, dam by General MeClennon;
owner, Charles Newman, San Fran
cisco.
Ruby M. bay mare, eight-year-old.
record 2:ll I i: by Almont Patchin. dam
by Tilton Almont; owner, Charles
Newman, San Francisco.
I >i' k Abels, trainer. Owners, Pierce
Bros., Santa Rosa— Dolly D, bay mare,
four-year-old, record £:21; by Eidney
Dillon, dam by Electioneer.
Fram, bay stallion, three-year-old,
no record; by Direct, dam by Abbots
ford. . . .
Boucaline, bay mare, slx-year-oTd",
record 2:l6^i; by Stamboul, dam by
Simmons.
Valllota, bay mare, two-year-old, no
record; by Beau Brummel, dam by
Charlie Wilkes.
Guy Cara, brown mare, flve-year-old,
no record; by Guy Wilkes, dam by
Director.
Helen X, bay mare, six-year-old, no
record; by Diabolo, dam by Director.
J. Reidy, trainer — Don, bay gelding,
flve-year-old, record 2:15; by Falrose,
son of Electioneer, dam by Klllarneyi
owner, G. W. Crawford, Willows.
G. W. Berry, trainer. Owner, A. B.
Bpreckels — Psyche, sorrel mare, llve
year-old, no record; by Cupid, dam by
Speculation.
Mamie Riley, black mare, flve-year
old, record 2:16; by McKinney, dam
by Sultan.
Sen Sen, bay filly, three-year-old, no
record; by Dexter Prince, dam by
Director.
Fanadma, brown filly, six-year-old,
record 2:19; by Eros, dam — .
Sam Norris, trainer. Owner. Dr.
Finlaw, Santa Rosa— Bertha R. bay
mare, seven-year-old, no record; by
Daly, dam by Steinway.
Diana, bay mare, eight-year-old, no
record; by Daly, dam by Alexander.
Julia S, bay mare, five-year-old, no
record; by Daly, dam — .
H. H. Hellman, trainer— Ned Thorn,
b. g., eight-year-old, record 2:18; by
Billy Thornhill, dam by Nutwood; own
er, E. Topham, Milpitas.
Blanche T, b. m., three-year-old, no
record; by Hambletonian Wilkes, dam
Minnie B, by Billy Thornhill; owner,
E. Topham, Milpitas.
Alta Rio, b. s., six-year-old, pacer;
by Altamont, dam Tecora, by C. M.
Clay Jr.; owner, H. H. Hellman, San
Jose.
Myrtha Whips, b. m., seven-year-old,
pacer, no record; by Whips, dam by
Contractor; owner, H. H. Hellman,
San Jose.
Boodle Boy, blk. c, two-year-old, no
record; by Boodle, dam by Wapsle;
owner. George Y. Bollinger, San Jose.
Alton, blk. c, two-year-old, no rec
ord; by Altamont, dam Tecora, by C.
M. Clay Jr.; owner, H. H. Hellman,
San Jose.
J. P. Quinn, trainer— Arthur W., b. s.,
five-year-old, record 2:lsV* when three
years old; by Whalen W. dam by
Moor: owner, P. H. Quinn, Scotia.
John A, br. s.. three-year-old, no rec
ord; full brother to Arthur W; owner,
P. H. Quinn, Scotia.
M. Rollins, trainer— Granville, s. g.,
six-year-old, record 2:31%; by Sllaa
Skinner, dam by Alexander II; owner,
Joseph Purrington, Green Valley.
Pickup, b. g. , six-year-old, pacer,
record 2:24; by Oaknut. dam by — ;
owner, "J. H. Einhorn. Santa Rosa.
LenaW, s. m., three-year-old, pacer,
by Robin, dam by Phosphor; owner,
John Walker, Santa Rosa.
C. F. Bunch, trainer— Boodle, b. c.,
twelve-year-old, record 2:12'/s; by
Stranger, dam by Jay Gould; owners,
Hosteller & Montgomery, San Jose.
Boodler, b. g. , five-year-old, no rec
ord; by Boodle/ dam by Whipple's
Hambletonian; owners. Hosteller &
Montgomery, San Jose.
Iran Alto, b. h., seven-year-old, rec
ord 2:1394; by Palo Alto, dam Elaine
by Duroc; owner, Vendome Stock
Farm, San Jose.
Dr. Fasse, b. g., four-year-old, rec
ord 2:18%; by Iran Alto, dm by Guy
Wllk^s; from Vendome Stock Farm.
Sister D, b. f., three-year-old, no
record; full sister to Dr. Fasse; from
Vendome Stock Farm.
Vendome, b. s., two-year-old, no rec
ord; full brother to Dr. Fasse; from
Vendome Stock Farm.
Haz<»l V, blk. m.. six-year-old, no
record; by Secretary, son of Director,
dam — ; owner, Mrs. Yandle, Santa
Rosa.
F. D. McGregor, owner and trainer —
Cock Robin, b. 0., three-year-old.
pacer, do record; by Robin, dam by
Illustrious.
Eleanor Ann. b. m., six-year-old, no
record: by Illustrious, dam by Imp.
Glencoe.
M. Salisbury, owner end trainer—
Thera, b. g. . eight-year-old, no record;
by son of Electioneer, dam by Ten
broeck.
Theron, b. m., seven-year-old, no
record: full sistpr to Thera.
Lady Salisbury, c. m., six-year-old,
no record: by Directum, dam by Dex
ter Prince.
Alex. B, b. m., six-year-old, no rec
ord; by Nutwood WiTkes, dam by
Elbert W.
Lady McDonald, b. m., four-year
old, no recora; by Direct, dam by
Brigadier.
Birdcatcher. b. g.. six-year-old, no
record; by Direct, dam — ; thorough
bred.
Tip Tinous. br. m., record 2:29*4; by
AnUnous, dam by George Patchin Jr.
Lived in Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. July 29.— Edward little,
whose lonely death in a boxcar at Sac
ramento was reported on Thursday, was
a son of Mrs. John Hitchcock of this city.
Little left here for Clarksburg last week.
Fred Little, a brother of the deceased,
left here on Sunday for Vaeaville in
search of employment. Failing to find
it he went on to Sacramento, where he
heard of his brother's sad death by the
merest accident. A telegram was sent,
to his relatives in this city notifying: them
of the joung man's death.
FAST CONNEMARA
A SEVERE RACE
Curtis' Dog Shows
Improved Form.
THE HARE ALSO FAVORED HIM
SENSATIONAL SPOBT AT UNION
COUBSING PARK.
Hares Lead the Bogs Across the
Field in Many Races — Lottie
M Favorite for the
Stake.
The three stakes at Union Coursing
Park ytsterday provided sensational si>ort
with many surprises. One of these was
the race between J. Dean's great dog
Connnemara and the Curtis dog, Cavalier.
The hare swung around to Cavalier and
he began to run up a formidable score at
once, being apparently an easy winner.
The hare proved an unusually strong one
and finally started across the field for the
escape. Connemara took possession of
the hare and worked it skillfully until it
finally escaped. Connemara's brLi'.ant
work won for him the flag.
J. H. Rosseter's Recording Angel, al
though only nine months old, is picked as
the winner of one of the sapling stakes.
In her two races she led her opponents
five lengths. The other sapling stake is
thought to be between J. J. Edmonds'
Whisky Hill and Lande & Gerbtr'9
Rienzi. For the final of the open stake
Connemara is selling 3Vi to 1; St. Uran,
Bohe and Warship 6 to 1, and Mac's Mel
ody Bto 1. The results of the preliminary
rounds of the stakes as run yesterday are
as follows:
Open stake— J. P. Thrift's Target beat E. M.
Kellogg's Kid McCoy; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Daisy Clalr beat J. Dean's GladJator; I-'.
A McComb's **lush beat H. A. DeeWrlman's
Glen Chloe; Hugh Lynch's Lottie M beat Smith
& Draydon's Mountain B«?lle; J. Kerrigan's
Conqueror beat J. Seggerson'g Gold Hill; P. J.
Reilly's Warship beat H. F. Anderson's Craw
ford Lad; Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo beat
J Keenan's Royal Buck: J. H. Perigo's Bohe
beat J O'Doud's Shootover; F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush beat W. C. Glasson's Borders
Valentine; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat
J Connell's St. Helen; J. J. Edmonds' Morn
ing Glory beat Kay &. Trant'B Leonora; H. A.
Deokelman's Rocker beat E. & R. Scott's
Lord Byron; I^arkey & Rock'a Liberty Bell
beat J. Connell's Mamie Pleasant; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat J. Cooney's Black
Hawk; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat Handy &.
Smith's Petrontus; Lowe & Thompson's Patrla
beat Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt: H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Braes beat Aeneld Kennele'
Maid of Erin; C. Sharman's Walt a Little
beat D. Ford's Bonita; Handy & Smith's Mona
beat W C. Glasson's Terranite; J. Connell's
Log Boy beat Handy & Smith's Twin City
Girl; Bartels Brothers' Mac's Melody beat Mur
phy & Toland's Pleasant Girl; J. Byrnes
Eleven Spot beat J. Kerrigans Lady Blanche;
El Evatt'a Hurricane beat F. Moran's False
Flatterer; J. Ivan's Connemara beat Curtis &
Sloan's Cavalier; Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured
bent H A Deckelman's Flyaway; Aeneld Ken
nels' Pretender beat Hurley & Reilly's O. K.
Capitol- D. J. Healey's Maori Land beat Handy
& Smith's Magic; M. Loudon's Magneto beat
J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips; J. Dean's Brllllan
tine beat Frud Price's Madge Wildfire; Mur
phy & Tolaml's Tea Rose beat V. Buerrero's
Rev Alfonso; J. Maher'e Safeguard beat M.
TieYnan's Mary Ann; J. Maher's Kouhrette beat
Lowe & Thompson's Lowlander; Pmaba K»-n
--nels' Emm Pasha beat J. P. Thrift's Forgive;
Lowe &. Thompson's St. Oran beat Sterl &
Knowle's Wag; J. Seggerson's Candelarta beat
Chella & Gaffney'e Golden Russet; Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Lady Emma bead Lowe at
Thompson's Jessamy.
Sapling stake, laddies— Connell Bro». Master
Morse beat C. L. Appleby'a Sir Pasha; H. Rob
bins' Long Boy beat John Field's Just in Time;
George Buehn's Monogram beat Connell
Brothers' Klllkelly; J. J. Edmon.lt 1 Whisky
Hill beat Jeff Martenet's HUxt^n; Jeff Mar
tenet's Bernal Chief beat P. McCabe's Boney
Boy; Lande & Gerber"s Rienzi t>eat W. Mor
gan's Blue Rattler; Lande & Gerber's A. A. A.
fclorville beat Heenan & Walsh's Gano; J.
Anthony's Patriot beat Jert Martenefs Bernal
Boy.
Second round — Master Morse beat Ltong Boy;
Whisky Hill beat Monogram: Rtenzi beat n»r
nal Chief, and Patriot boat A. A. A. Mor-
Sapltng stake, lassies — Connell Brothers'
Green Isle beat D. Sullivan's Lady "Ventry;
J. MeCormiok's Proud Beauty beat J. H
Smith's Peggy Primrose; Pasha Kennels' May
Hempstead beat C. H. Pinto'? Hermanita ;
George Sharman's Wait a Bit beat Pftsha Ken
nels' Royal Ann; George Ehmann's Jessie E
beat W.~ Morgan's Royal Lottie; Pasha Ken
nels' Recording Angel beat J. J. Edmonds' Go
On' Joy & Careney's Juliette beat P. W. Shee
haii's Little Cherub; J. MoGrath's Red Rope
bp.-it O H Pinto' s Glad Hand; Lande & i>r
bfr'f Mount Ida beat J. McGrath'* Blower;
Pasha Kennels' Roundabout beat Connell
Brothers' Clover; J. I. O'Brien's Pasha Queen
beat John Field's Sea Wave; C. L. Appleby'i
Little Sister beat P. W. Sheehan's Mollie 8.
Second round— Green Isle beat Proud Beauty:
Walt a Bit beat May Hempstead; Recording
Angel beat Jessie E; Red Rose beat Juliette;
Mount Ida a bye; Little Sister b«at Pasha
Queen.ADVERTISEMENTS. _
"1 ■'!■! M I'M riU"!"I"K- i L ?-^I"l"I-M"M"I"I"l l i-K 1 1 'H I H -i-m-:
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
PRiGES LOWER THAN EVER.
-\
TAILOR-MADE SUITS AND JACKETS, perfect-fitting gar-
Iments, made by competent tailors, at half of regular prices,
to make room for Fall styles.
CO C(| English Sponged Covert Cloth JACKETS, silk
qZiUUi faced, well made, perfect fitting, a good $5.00
jacket, to close at $2.50, all sizes.
— .
'^ CX flfl English WHIPCORD, silk lined throughout,
QUiUUi good value at $8.50, to close at $5.00. g]
Hill $10.00 JACKETS. reduced to 6 50 ;£^»
|^|| $12.50 JACKETS reduced to $7.50 ggf9
l^j $15.00 JACKETS reduced to •••••• $8.50 «-9
'xxj&ll $17.50 JACKETS reduced to $10.00 !Npg
@:j SILK DRESS SKIRTS. " ' Jp
>5 $12,50 SILK DRESS SKIRTS reduced to $7.50 *?
6.50 SILK DRESS SKIRTS reduced. to $10.00
$20.00 SILK DRESS SKIRTS reduced to $12.50
$25.00 SILK DRESS SKIRTS reduced to $15.00
SILK WAISTS.
$5 and $6.60 SILK WAISTS reduced t0. 53.50 and $4.50
$8.50 and $10 SILK WAIS/S reduced to. ..$6 and $6.50
$12.50 SILK WAISTS reduced to $7.50
1|
JUST RECEIVED — New Golf Gapes in large variety,
SIXTH-STREET PROPERTY
OWNERS MADE HAPPY;
The Market-Street Railroad Company j
Will Pave With Bitumen In
stead of Basalt Blocks.
Storekeepers and property owners on I
Sixth street wore a happy smile yesterday j
when the good news was conveyed to j
them that the Market-street Railroad i
Company Intended to pave that portion
of the street between the car tracks with ]_
bitumen Instead of basalt blocks. For
this change of pavement the storekeepers i
In particular have been contending: for
fome time but were unable to accomplish
their object as long as the ghost cars kept
bobbing up and down at intervals of ;
hourly trips. Xow that the "corkscrew
line has become a certainty the Market
ptreet Company yielded to the wishes of
the property owners and tenants and
agreed to niake the first move in having j
the ■.Tire Btreet paved with a modern >
ment.
There is, however. on« block (that be- \
tween Howard and Folsom streets) that :
will not g-et the bitumen pavement right j
away. A dispute as to the proper grado
compels the railroad company to put down !
a basalt block pavement for the present, i
and until the proper understanding of Its ;
rights may be adjusted. On the block
between Folsom and Harrison streets the ;
railroad track stands three feet above the i
present street gTade, but the city author!- '
ties will at once. bring the etreet flush
with the car tracks and In this way give
the public the benefit of the new pave- |
■
CAKE WAIK FOR PRIZES.
Artists at the Recent Carnival Repeat
Their Former Successes.
The cnkewnlkers, professional and oth
erw}=- r innings again on Friday
Gate Hall and entertained a
large audience. Most of the artists who
recent Cakewalk Carnival
;. ; M< cl anics" Pavilion repeated their for
ind all received prizes for
artistic promenading. The following par
ticipated in the entertainment:
J. Walker Cole and Ella L. de Moss,
Nair and Burnham, Gleason and Me Ma-
Harry .Mangels. Blanche Treleaso,
s Montagrue, Barney and Moore,
ury and Walker, Blum and Allen,
a and Kelley. Stuart and Beattle,
Lms and Rousseau. Stuart and
Stuart.
Previous to the cakewalk Joseph Levy,
A. Henry, W. J. Citron, Harry
Pay Wlien You Are Cured
I Men who are suffering with a weakness or a disease
■ should consult the specialists who have become famous
for making quick and lasting cures — DR. MEYERS & CO. I
Other doctors make many attempts to imitate the
successful methods, remedies and appliances of DR.
MEYERS & CO., but they fail to imitate their terms. All
patients who treat with DR. MEYERS & CO. can arrange
ito pay after they are well, or may pay in monthly
installments. '
| A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 1881.
DR. MEYERS & CO. CURE
' Lost Vigor. Premature Decay, Unnatural Losses, "Wasting Drains,
Nervous Debility, Stricture, Rupture, Tumors, Varicocele, Special
Diseases, Eczema, Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
'< Kidney Disease, Bladder Disease, Spine Disease, Liver Disease, Heart
; ] 'i:--.as.\ Blood Disease, Skin Disease, Stomach Disease, Eye Disease,
Ear Disease, Lung Disease, Rectal Disease.
I HOME CURES— FREE CONSULTATION.
DR METERS & COS home-cure system has been a Buccess for
! many years. If you cannot call write for private book for men,
; symptom blanks, terms and' other particulars. All correspondence
•■ confidential. No printing on envelopes or packages to indicate name
| . of sender.
DR. ME YERS CO.
73/ ■£*££■ i -=. i-tsessr
O'Neill, D. E. Hanlon, Miss Elizabeth
Xortice, Miss Leonie Jung and Mits E.
Abrams took part in a comedietta entitled
"Of? the Stage." which was well received.
Feast of St. James.
The Feast of St. James will be solemnly
celebrated In Bt. James Church to-day.
Solemn high mass will be sung at 10:30
o'clock; Rev. Father Lynch will be cele
brant. A sermon appropriate to the feast
will be delivered. The choir, under tho
direction of Miss Furcell. has been prac
ticing diligently for the services. The
following programme will be rendered by
an augmented choir:
La Hache's mass. Soloists: 6oprano, Mrs. I
Edward Burns; contralto. Miss Alice tieahy;
teoor, H. P. Plnan; bassos, J. P. Leonard, W. I
Farrell; assisted by Mlsees U Devlne, M. Ma
lone, F. Took, M. Maloney. At the offertory
"Aye Maria" (Intermezzo, "Cavallerla Rustl
cana") will be suns by Mrs. Edward Burns, i
with violin obbllgato by Frank Krona.
Bebekah Drill Corps.
The young ladles of the Rebekah Drill
Corps of the local lodges organized for
th© purpose of taking part in the golden
jubilee parade of the I. O. O. F. In Oc
tober were drilled on Friday in the Mar
ket street armory by Colonel 11. O.
Brower of the Patriarchs Militant and
made a very creditable showing, proving
that It ■will not take them long to master
all the movements of the display drill
they are being taught. The corps has
adopted a uniform of short black skirt
and waist and black leggings, the skirt
and waist trimmed with white silk cord.
The corps will make Its first public ap
pearance In Odd Fellows' Half at a re
ception, entertainment and ball to be
given on the Ist of September.
A Gospel Platform. Meeting.
This afternoon the service at the Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and
Ellis streets, will be for men only, and
addresses will be made by the general sec
retary and others. Good singing will be
a feature. All young men are welcome.
The Bervice commences promptly at 8
o'clock.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. N'nonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Midsummer Musical Service.
A special musical service will be. ren
dered at St. Stephen's Episcopal Church
this evening at 7:45 o'clock. Dr. W. W.
Frederick will play Svendsen's beautiful
Romanze in G on the violin, and Mi.<s
Edith Wadsworth will sing Gounod's
"O Divine Redeemer."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 30, 1899.
ANOTHER BIG
JUDGMENT FOR
THE CREDITORS
Decision in the School
Case Rendered.
INTERVENORS WIN THE FIGHT
COPY BOOK CASE IS NOW BE
FORE THE COURT.
Demurrer to the Complaint Brought
to Prevent a Chang* of the
Writing System Is
Overruled.
The Mission High School funds, to
gether with other moneys In the treas
ury, will be diverted from their channels
and turned over to the merchant credi
tors of the School Department. This was
decided yesterday by Judge Hebbard in
the action of Fred Mdrdecai against Audi
tor "Wells, Treasurer Truman and the
Board of Education, in which the Union
Trust Company wbb assignee of creditors
whose claims aggregated some $35,000.
Mordecal had furnished the department
with goods to the value of JIR2 80. With
many others his claim was repudiated by
the board on the ground that no funds re
mained from which it could be paid. Suit
was brought to compel the board to audit
the claim and an injunction was asked
prohibiting the board from paying the
various claims against the Mission High
School fund that that fund might be di
verted and used to liquidate his demand.
In this action preferred creditors of the
department, through Instruction of At
torney Frank Powers, assigned their
claims to the Union Trust Company, and
they entered the suit as intervenors.
After hearing the evidence Judge Heb
bard pave Judgment In. favor of the in
tervenors as prayed. It is said that an
appeal will be taken, as there is some dis
satisfaction among those creditors whose
claims were not dignified by being placed
on the preferred list.
•'The decision of Judge Hebbard Is of
greater Importance to the teachers than
many of them suppose," said C. H. Mur
phy chairman of the teachers' litigation
committee. "The teachers in mass-meet
ing directed the committee to relinquish
all rights to the $36,000 then supposed to
be available for the payment of outstand
ing claims for the first half of the past
flpcnl year. The merchants drew out all
of this money on their claims as per
agreement of teachers and merchants.
The litigation committee declined to be
entirely governed by the agreement di
recting the surrender of all the moneys
available for that fiscal year for the pay
ment of outstanding claims. We drove
the merchants to a tighter bargain by
agreeing to share any other moneys avail
able proportionally. The amount of the
teachers' unpaid salary aggregates $190,000
and that of the merchants $35,000. Now,
under the decision of Judge Hebbard, the
litigant teachers will receive their pro
portion of the amount turned over to the
Union Trust Company, where, had the
committee not acted up<in its own judg
ment, the merchants would have been
paid in full and the teachers would not
nave received anything. Had the teach
ers agreed to the compromise advised by
their representatives and attorneys, they
would have received about $40.tXK) Instead
of about half of that amount."
The demurrer of the Board of Education
to the complaint of J. S. Green, who seeks
to enjoin the board from changing the
system of penmanship used in the various
schools from the California vertical sys
tem to the round-hand system, was filed.
Issues will now be Joined and the case will
go to trial on its merits.
GOOD-BYE
MR. MORRISON
AS MEPHISTO.
THEATER goers have this week I
crowded the Alcazar to the limit of '
its capacity and even a little beyond,
bidding good-by, as it were, to that i
veteran actor. Mr. Lewis Morrison, who !
has endeared himself to us all by years of
well-directed labor In his chosen field.
Much that is best in dramatic literature
we have se^n presented, because hla re
spect for the standard drama outweiphed
a consideration for gain. He has ever been
ready to lend a hand to promising play
wrights and more than one, now on the
road to fame, owes the opportunity of a
hearing to this actor's kindly intervention.
California he loves, and with reason, for
California has ever been ready to ap
plaud his successes. He has kept her
clever children in mind and the "Faust"
companies he starts on the road next
season will contain many a California
aspirant for histrionic honors, for, with
the Golden State in his summer itinerary,
he left the ranks open, sure of finding
here just the recruits he needed. To-night
Mr. Morrison plays Mephisto for the last
time, for it will no longer be included in
his repertory. He divorces the character
with sorrow, fnr it has given him fame
and fortune and through all the years has
not lessened its power to draw. But the
role of Marguerite, however attractive it |
may be to an audience when played by
Miss Roberts, is a trying and monotonous
one for a yoiing: woman to portray indefi
nitely, with her future in view Mr. Mor
rison has made an elaborate scenic pro
duction of George Foster Platt's "Fred
erick the Great" the feature of next sea
son's tour. Miss Roberts' Marguerite, so
essentially German In atmosphere, and
Mr. Morrison's Mephisto have been too
often i<iaised to hang upon words of ap- i
proval from me. but a word may be said ;
of Mr. Whlttlesey's excellent work as
Faust. Nature has given him the right
fihyslque, art has made htm an ideal stage
over and a costumer wirTi a soul has done
the rest. Mr. Dennithorne plays Valen
tine with intelligence and strength and
rises in the part quite above the manner
isms that so often mar his performances.
The minor support is good and gratefully
well rehearsed.
Bidding quod-by to Mr. Morrison recalls
a rather pathetic story of his boyhood.
Day after day, in the town where he
lived, h.? passed on his way to work a
drugstore that had for him one magnetic
attraction. In a corner of one of the- win
dows stood a Hill glass jur of beautiful
vari-colored gumdrops. and how his
mouth did water and his stomach yearn
for those delicious sweets! How often
did he flatten his nose against the pane
and wish for tho wherewithal to purchase.
Two for a penny they sold, and seldom
could ho get the copper to buy the tantal
izing: two. "When I get rich." he would i
Siiy to himself,- "1 shall buy all the gum- i
drops 1 can eat, and have one big feast, i
But he left the towu and the gumdrops
to seek fortune in a bigger world, and!
the boyish longing was left unsatisfied, i
as maiiy a boyish longing must ever be. j
Years afterward, whe.ii wealth was his.
he went back to Ijls boyhood's home, and j
there. In tho same window, in the same \
corner, stood the same glass jnr, tilled ;
to the brim with what might easily pass :
for the same gumdrops. He bounded into j
the shop, bought the treasure, -jar and all.
and took it home with a -merry heart, only
to find that the boyish longing had died j
unsatisfied and that possession came too
lute for happiness— the epitome of life, it
sei-med. Tears sprang to his eyes, but he !
wiirk^d them back, went in sparch of a
boy with a gumdrop appetite second only }
to his own departed one, and filled him up
to the very throat.
Next week an elaborate production of
"Romeo and Juliet" is billed, and should
prove a big attraction. Miss Roberts will
no doubt be a charming Juliet, and will
have the advantage of a Romeo worthy of
her affections. For the coming season the
Alcazar management has secured as lead-
Ing man G. F. Ormonde, late of the Ly
ceum Company. New York.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Dtsmatic Notes.
There is no small interest felt In the
comirrg Fevival of "Hamlet," in which
APVEBTISEffIEXTS.
I $100.00 Reward I
1 will be promptly paid to any one furnishing us evidence on which we can secure conviction of any substitutor |
I or dealer who attempts to palm off inferior imitations when Cascarets Candy Cathartic are calle4 for. Be on the |
I lookout for imitations and counterfeits of Cascarets, and don't you ever buy preparations that are made and |
I sometimes pushed by unscrupulous dealers whose intention is to mislead the buyer and infringe on our trade- |
i mark and trade-name. As soon as some one tries to sell you something else when you ask for Cascarets, look |
I out for him I Get all the details and confidentially write us on the subject at once, |
I jgW^jS CATHARTIC . I
\l J^Mk ANNUAL SALES, 5.000.000 BOXES. ,-tf^^ -
*-• wS^^S&B J t^^l il ill fSa JmBK WB H * BgaL JLm! fifiisgi&^^ ■
| THE TABLET DRUGGISTS g
S CASCARETS are absolutely barmleu, a pnrely vegetable eompon_a. Ho mercurial or other mineral pfll-poison in Cascareta. Cascarets promptly. «secttvely and permanently X
►3 care every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and everyform of irregularity of tho bowels, including diarrhoea and d yf«"«^- t a
3 PJeasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Xfever sicken, weakea or gripe. Write tor booklet ano free sample. Address BTEHLIKG RBMEDT CO. CHICAGO or kewyokk. g
pMnnniiiiiiiM^^
Henry Miller and Charles Frohraan's
strongest company will appear for three
nights and a Saturday matinee, begin
ning next Thursday.
The cast includes Margaret Anglin as
Ophelia, Edwin Stevins as the Kin* of
Denmark, Guy Standing as Laertes.
Charles Walcot as the ghost, Mrs. Thorn
dyke Bouclcault as the Queen. C. Leslie
Allen as Pnlonlous, Margaret Dale as the
Player Queen. Joseph Adelman as the
first player, Frank E. Lamb as the first
graved ierger, Earle Brown as Horatio.
The first production In America of the
great London Garrlck Theater success,
"Brother Officers," is to be brought out
at the Columbia Theater by Henry Miller
and the special company on Monday even
ing, August 7. The play deals with Eng
lish army life and promises to be a suc
cessful play for this Bide of the water.
"Madame Sans Gene" has tested the
capacity of the California Theater and
given Miss Bates an opportunity for some
very strong acting. On Monday evening
Bronson Howard's "One of Our Girls"
will be presented, with Miss Bates In the
leading- role. The play deals with the
of a young American girl In
gay Paris, and Is clever In dialogue und
action. Mr. Frawley will play Captain
Gregory, the part made famous by
S'-thern.
"Faust" will give place to "Boccaccio"
on Monday night, and a fine production, is
asfured. New scenery and costumes cor
rect to the period are promised. The cast
includes Edith Mason, Hattie Belle Ladd.
Thomas Peruse, William Wolf, Wlnfred
Goff. A. E. Arnold, Bertha Ricci and
others.
Two San Francisco favorites, Idalene
Cotton and Nick Long, make their ap
pearance at the Orph^um this week. Miss
Cotton, when but seven years old, made
her debut at the Bush-street Theater and
was for three years a member of the Al
cazar stock company. Always a clever
mimic, ilie has made a specialty of the
gift, and in her comedietta, entitled
"Managerial Troubles, " she will introduce
imitations of Eleanore Duse, Anna Held
and Johnstone Bennett. Next week Cot
ton and Lon? will produce the fourth act
of "Zaza." Miss Cotton assuming the role
now being played in New York by Mrs.
Leslie Carter. The bill for the week in
cludes Dave Meier, the bag-punching ar
tist; Herr G. yon Palm, the lightning oil
painter; Joseph Adelman, the xylophone
player, and retains Elizabeth Murray,
Laura Joyce Re]), La Fafalla, the Phoites
and the Eldridges.
"Wang." well sung and appropriately
staged as it is, would easily do another
week's good business at the Tivoll, but
the grand opera season and the much to
be regretted departure of Mr. Stevens
force it off the boards. During- the first
week "Alda" and "Lucia" will be sung on
alternate nights.
Eleven popular vaudeville artists make
an attractive bill for the coming week at
the Chutes. Joe Matthews, a clever
singer of coon song-*, makes her first ap
pearance; an acrobatic trio present a
kr.ock-about comedy; Hallet and Carroll
offer a new sketch, and Blanche Le Claire
Sloan eives an exhibition on the flying
rings. Other interesting: features are
billed. On Thursday, amateur night, the
fat ladies' bicycle race will be repeated.
Sudden Death of John Guerin.
John Guerin. a wood and coal dealer,
whose place of business is at 412 O'Farrell
street died suddenly yesterday afternoon
on the corner of Sutter and Jones streets.
Apoplexy is believed to have been the
cause of death.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Scth Sprague, woodsman, Rohnerville,
Humboldt County; liabilities $186, assets
none;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Spanish - American
War Panorama
Is one of the war books which is likely
to be in continuous demand. It Is a
i panoramic record of the triumphs of
| Yankee Doodle. The eagle Haps his
- wings on every page, and "Old Glory"
waves around and above every scene.
Prominent officers connected with the
I war are here portrayed, as well as
many of the "men behind the guns."
Military life Is pictured to the eye, from
recruiting to guard mount and skirmish
line. Nor is the ludicrous omitted. The
company cook receives the attention
due to his importance; the mess is
shown; cavalry scenes are given; the
hospital arrangements are depicted; the
j heroines of the Red Cross service are
displaypd; street scenes in Havana,
; Santiago and elsewhere are unrolled,
' the new citizens or subjects (which are
! they?) of Uncle Sam appear and dis-
appear as the leaves are turned.
In a word, the gazer visits the new
! localities and sees the tumultuous new
life, without the risk or expense of a
sea voyage.
The Album is s^xB inches, weighs 12
; ounces, printed on finest coated paper.
Sent FREE to any address in the
! United States. Canada or Mexico for
i 12 cents in stamps or coin to cover post-
| age and packing. Copy may be seen at
: any ticket office of the Big Four Route.
Order at once, as the edition is limited.
Address WARREN J. LYNCH. Gen-
eral Passenger and Ticket Agent "Big
Four Route," Cincinnati. Ohio.
Mark envelope "War Album."
"At Auction!
TUESDAY,
TUESDAY AUGUST X, 1899
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Oar Salesroom, 138 Market Street.
ELEGAXT RESIDENCE.
South side (1711) California st.. 178:3 feat west
! of Van N»ss aye.; elegant home of 11 rooms
and bath at a sacrifice; 26x157:6.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
South side (262"i) Sutter St., 82:6 feet east of
Lyon; 27:6x110; two nice flats of 7 rooms, bath
and cement basement; comparatively new.
RAILROAD-AYE. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West side (1024-1026) Railroad aye., 26:8 feet
north of Thirteenth avo. ; 26:8x99:4> store and
5 rooms and flat of 7 rooms; nine-foot basement.
RARE INVESTMENT.
Weet side (709) Stockton st., bet. Sacramento
and California 8t.«.. through to Prospect place;
22 or. by 198 or. L SI or. by 59 or. four front-
ages; 11 flats and 1 dwelling, almost new.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
West side (15) Salmon St., and east side (8)
Hlmmelman place, 67:6 feet south of Broad-
way; 20x60; two cottages, 4 rooms each; rents
$10 50.
TWENTY-FOURTH-STREET HOME.
North side (3870) Twenty-fourth St., 125 feet
east of Sanchez; 25x114; large house, 7 rooms
and bath.
MISSION COTTAGE.
South side (5283) Army St.. 80 feet east of
Sanchez; 26:8x114; cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
i basement.
COZY MODERN HOME.
West side (20) Diamond et., 1!>8:2 feet south
of Seventeenth, 24:10x125; modern two-story
j house, 6 rooms; porcelain bath. etc.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
East side Ashbary st., 721:2 feet south of
Frederick: 50x172 or.; two good building lots:
cars pass property.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 638 Market st.
-•■ f ": 'ii*
z& n a - Uin --"-"''s
a%9 Bm~l\Jr ken v, r . iroas
THE HOME REMEDY am regular.
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS .r thiJVo
wrin j. Fct all th«« paio*, irrrfularlties and ritffiralttes no
remedy no esrth ti mn n ¥)| n Easilrapplied by lady h.r-
eqam't '.'.:» *«moai**llllO 'KJO aelf. Relieve* »11 poln
Hin Aromb or Ornrlci In 10 minute*.
Promptly relieves Tleadeehr, Nausea, Blood and
Bisilitnrlrnihlri, F*intn«<,K»rTfOujne3V ttv
|H**otl and Dwpcndfnrj. Onrea l»ucorrbce«, W0r...-
-flß> Ml CflTnplilnfs, n-plttc-n-r.t«. Backache, Bn>inr
Pawn Pal 1 ' - nnd all Female IXiorden.
Jn»T* ScrrnfiS and VirrrzUon*.^^^^
Mrfc^-dtMvhe* rt - tn« |r »-' and Vlt«llsesCOllJ
~ i^Offii- ' the wlinl* friis*. *»*V. Soks u« J T^Tltr
Ab».'lnirly narmlcaft. Od« 60 fint box wiH
coisplot* a cure In ordinary cases.
CTrIDQ Al I DAIU BY aix druggists.
0 I UlO ALL iHlll ler mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 10 mIHUTcS i Tho Perreets Co.C«xtoa Bldr. tilt
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores), Grant Drug Co.. In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
. ♦ . .
«P BDBIM'C FOR EITIIKB SKA.
[LE UllWra w Thi«« remedy being ln-
-1 1 ' "j«^.»»f« Uirertly to tlio
' <GS& seat of thono diseases
jgnß Q . hTB of the nlto-I'rln»r>
Iflfci Jff HS9 ©rynns, rcnuircs no
1 K Off WiM (lhftn > of diet- Care
i|^~J3h£~ gqr.rantfed la 1 to »
._ ■ days. Small plain paek-
if"H 'Wf TES "BT* a C<*- °y mail, SI.OO.
%JS> U> JE^JB2tsold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDSR * CO.. Sola Agenta.
IJ4 Keamy at.. Baa Franclac*. Cal.
t i villilßtV.*!.. * P'K O!"i oon -ppt»ono»
'. -<<^SBfflP Ift *<lt^Kl remedy for Uonorrtxta,
aUBy rrREfT^W Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
*i¥ in lto 6 dayi. whites, unnatural ]!»•
pfm-Jr Oiiraw^ -|3 <"hftrfie^, or any lnflnmma-
mVM not ta «trtetßt«. tion. irritation or uic«ra>
fc— 4 Prencu eos<*(loD. tion of macouii Diem-
rHrEvANSCHEHiRnCo. b"»es. Non-a«tringtnt.
VOINOINNATI.O.ESBI S * ld by *>T«*ff*»t«,
VBSSK n -• a jf¥3 or ( "' nt la pl»'n wrappor.
JSfiLt?%J" ' ]*&"*& b 7 exprwa. rropaid, foi
'rfnKlilaalatfl T i 11 8 LOU < or 3 bottlM, fj.7B.
. ■ Circaiftr Mat «■ ra«aafc
KAILKOAD TBAVXL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
' THE CONTINENT.
j EVERT DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TCTURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THK EAST. TAKE
iMARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:56 P. M. •
i DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BT MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERT DETAIL. SERVING MEAL 3 AT
REGULAR, HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
■ NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 62S
! MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 15SL -
i OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 -Broadway. '■> -
| 6ACRAMENTO OFFICE. »0l J atreet.
1 SAN JQSE OFFICE, 7W. Santa Clara street.
BATLBOAD TELAVJSL. %
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL
FINEST SERVICE EVER
\ OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST. LOUIS
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sice pers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
A. G. P. A., A. G. P A.,
St. Louis. Cincinnati. S
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Ag«nt,
Cincinnati. O.
CALIF OBNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
X/»ncac?Trnn
SM FMNCISGO ANB NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaroa Perry, Foot of Markat St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RA7A£U ,
WJEEK DAY&~T:SO, 9.00, 11:00 a. m.; U:M»
1:89. 8:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— tria
At 11:80 p. at. Saturdays— Batrm trips at 1:» ;
aad 11:30 p. m.
•tTNDAYS-l:0». t:M. U:00 a. m. : lttO, t.ti,
6:00, «:20 p. m.
BAN BATAEIi TO BAN FRANCIBCO.
WEEK t>AYB-«:10. 7:80. »:20, 11:10 a. m.; 11:41,
1:40, 5:16 p. m. Saturdays— trips si
1.-Et and 1:16 p. m.
SUNDAYB-«:l5, 8:40, 11:19 a. m. : 1:40, 1:40, !.-««,
|:!5 p. m.
Between San Franclsoo aad Bchuetsen Park
«*m« scheduia as abov*.
L«av# 1 j Arrlrt
■an Francisoa. I la Xffeot San FrancKeok
_ — April is." l——r- ... .-
Wnk Sun- I 1599. I B' &- Wee*
Days. days. DwUnatlon. t «ays. Daya,
T:I0 ara i.X axn Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am' Fetaluma. f:ofi pm 19:U aa
6:10 pm 5:00 pm] Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:M pa
_ , ' — ■ ■ ■ „ ■■
I Fulton,
IttOam I Windsor, 10:16 aa
V Bealdtbur*. . >
Lytton,
Oeyserville,
I:s9 pm 8:00 am Oloverdal*. T:tS pm 6:10 pra
I'M am Hopland aad . • 10:2S am
1:80 pm B^o am Vklab. T:Sspm 6:20 pm,
T:8» s.m 10:tS am
8:00 am Ouern«rlU«. 7:35 pra
1:80 pm <:M pm
T:tO ara 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 arc 8:40 am
and -'L>
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:10 am 1:09 am! Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10 :t9 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm\ ! 7:86 pm 6:20 pm
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
! (or Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle tor Bkag-KS ■
! Sprln«»; at Cioverdale for the O«yiera; at Hop-
i land for Duncan Sprrnfa. Highland Springs, '
| K»li>«yvllie. Carlsbad Springs. Boda Bay, Lake-
poK and Rartlett Sprlnrs; at Uklah for Vlchr
i Bprtncs. Saratoga RprtnKs. Blu« Lakes, Laurel
i Pell Lake, Witter Springs. Upptr Lake. Porno,
', Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Uerl«y's.
j Bucknell's. Saijhedrln Heights. HullvMle.
I Boonavllle, Ph'.lo, Cljristln« t Soda Springs.
! Navarro. Whlteeboro. Albion, Uttls River.
Orr'B Hot Spring*. Mendodno City, Fort Brags,
Westpert. Usa£ Wlllitt«. Laytonville, Cum-
njlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's, Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
rediji-«"! rate*. . .
' On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond Ean Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Msrket st.. Chronicle bld&
H C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass: AronL
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■ Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1839.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Sutur-
• - day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Sara* Even-
ings, Arriving In 8. F. at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a m and 1:45. 2:30
' and 4 p. m.
Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return, 1140.
Tpna COOK & BON. Arts.. 621 Market st.
&ATLBOAD I&AVEL.
■OVTHRRX I»At:iKIC COHP4HT.
(pacifio mmisi.l
Trslsi I«nv« a»n<l nre <■■•« lo urrlwi" »•
NAN KItANCINt'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
Leatk — Fkou Junb 25, 1899. — *BKIT«
7iOOa Benlcia, Suls-.in and Sacramento. . . . »i43r
"iOOa Marystillo. Oronlleaml Ue.Uing »ia
Woodland 5t4.1»
7iOOa Elmlra. V»c«Tllle and Knrrsey Bt4»r
TiB«a Martinez. Ran Kiimon. Val!c]a Napa,
Callstogii anil Hauta Uohu o»l»F
SjOOa Atlantlo KiprpßS, Ogilen aotl F.ast.. 9ilS*
iltOA Hhii .lose, l-iveraore. Hr.nckf.no,
lone, SaCTani'Mitn, PlscervUla,
. Maryßfillc, Chico. V.Uitk. «i|!»F
SiSOa •Milton, Oak and .-^ouora 4:15p
CiSO a Yog'Tuito Valley rla O*kd»le and
Ctalneso • - 4«I3»
•iOOa. Hay wards. Nil- and Way Stations. 11:43*
•iOOa Martlnei. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton.
Mfioeuan 1 Fresno 8til»»
»iOOa ITreitiio. l)akersli«l<l. .Santa li.irlmra.
Loe ADBeles. Demine. El P*so.
Now Orleans and Kaet 6i4.15«
10:00 Vallejo. Martint!; anil Way Stations 7:-8.1»
11:00 a Haywartls. Nilcs and Way Stations. Si4»r
l»:Ot)5l NUes, Llvermoro. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota. ilanfordjvisalia»
Porterrllle f *' tn *
•liOOp Sacramento Itivcr Stenmers «8tOO»
StOOp Haywards. Nilcs and Way Stations. 0«4»»
4iU»r Martinez, Hau Uamou, Vallejo.
Napa, C'ailaloKA. Smita »itaa
4iOOr Bccicta, Vacavi'ilp, Haeraineiito.
Woodland, Kniu'hts Lauding,
Marysville. Orovilln 10:48 a
«tBOpNileB. Ban Jose and Stockton 7il»F
4:30p Yosemits Slcepiug Car for Raymond 88:35»
•:*ObTlio Owl. Tracy. Kreano, Bakeni-
-■:• — field. Sangua for Santa Barbara*
Lea Anceles. •:4«A
■tStOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno ". ia«10»
oiS«p Martlne?!, Tracy. Mendots, Fresno,
Mojara and l.os Angeles S>4i»4
•i3or Hanta Fo Konte, Atlantlo I'xpresi
for Mojaro an.l Kast 6t4»»
•■•Or Chicaso-Ban Francisco Special, Ogdeii
and Kaat Bi43r
•jOOp Hayirards, Nilcs and San Jose 7:4>la
••jOOp Vallejo 12:1B»
7tOOp Oregon Kxi>rpffi,ttacruinento, Marys-
Till", ReililiiiK. I'ortliiiiil. Pilget
Mound and Kast 7ziO»
|St*Op Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sty
tlons tlOinos.
COAST MYf«IOH (Xni-row Osnge).
(Foot of Mnrket Street.) .
fTrASA Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Btatlon» J8iO8»
»i3BANewark,Cc:itcrvllle, .losa, Felton,
BonJderCr»ek,SantaOnizand Way
Stations 8:S«»>
■ttlSr Newark, Centerville, San Joso, Now
Almaden, Fclton, ISoulder CrrxU.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Moj3o»
«ilOp Ban Jose. Glenirood and Way Sta-
tion* 0:20*
MilßrFelton. Santa Craz and Way Bta-
tions /0»80*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaBt* r&iICISCO— FcoI or Utrket Strtet (Slip 8)—
•7:18 8:00 11:00 a. M. 11:23 *2:00 t3109
•4:00 tB:OO •6:ooi'.M.
frwOilUHU— foot of Br«dw»j.— "fl:00 . 8:00 10:00a.K.
tl2:00 »1:QO t2:00 •3:00 \is9 •j:S3r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Bro»d Gauge).
(Third and Townßcml Sts.)
««ilOa Ocean View. South Man Francisco.. «6i»0»
•7iOOa San Jose and \V:;y StHtlons (New
Almadcti Wedneailays only) »S:OO*
(7i3oa Sunday Fxctiraion (or Santa Cruz,
, Puclfio Grove and l'rincipal Way
Stations ISiSSV
••••a Ssn Joae, Tres Plnos, Hiiut.i Cmz,
Pacitic Orove. Paso KoliUs, Sail
Lnls ObUi'o, "urf, Looipoo and
Principal WHT.Stiif.lons 4il©»
I«i4Oa San Jose mid Way Stations OiB3*
11i8Oa San Jose ami Way Stations li3O»
•Si43pBan Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Polo Alto. Santa Clara. Han .lose,
UoUlster, Sauta Cruz. Saltnaa.
Monterey ami I'aclfio iJrore *10i88A
*SiSOp San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grove
ami Princijai May St.ttious *7tBOv
•4ilSpSan.To9eaii't Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•SiOOp Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations *BiB3*
Bi3Op San. ami Principal Way Stations MhOO*
6t:ior San Josoaml Way Stations oi3op
tlli4ftp Ban Josenml Way Sutlons t7tHor
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
• Sunday exoepteil. 1 Sunday only. t Saturday onljL
tflatiirdir and Bandar . /Sunday and Mooda*.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing - April 23. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. »8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45. 3:20. 4:00. »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:00. *10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a.
m.; 1:00. »1:45. »2:30. •4:00. 6:30. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sunday*.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains mariced (*) run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:25. *6:40, 7:55. 8:40. *10:20
a. m.: 12:30. 2:15. •3:40. 4:35. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m. «
a SUNDAYB-7:00. '8:00. V.i'o. •1O.:«, 'U:^
a m.: 1:00. 2:20. »3:30, '5:15, 7:00, 10:1$
P Trains marked (M run to San QH? 1 ? I '^,,™
FROM MILT, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:«S. 8:50, 7:55, S:so. 10.35
a m : 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. m. Wednesdays
EXTR\ TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesdays
and' Saturdays, at 7:00 10:20 p.m. m.: ISA
SUNDAYS — 8:^0. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. : «.<*•
l-'O 2-40 3?55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
i.zu. *.w. * THpnt . GH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta r ns.
VIS p m days (Saturdays way sta
\'ls n m week days (Saturdays exeepted)-
-■-*•-■ Point Reyes and way Rtations.
sis ?. m Sundays— Caz»dero and way sta ns.
5 : 4S £ £ Sundays-Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JDAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From' Jan. 25. 1839. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. | North-bound.
Fasten- Mixed. ' Mfred. Passen-
ger. 7 : Sunday i Stations. Sunday e , r -
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Pally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Storkton % : *5 pm 6:00 pn
9:lf> am 2:0." pm Merced I 1 £ : 12 pm 1)~ pm
! 10:40 am 5:8.-. pm Fresno ! 9:30 am 2:42pm
11:38 am 7:43 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:4» pm
t:K pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld ; 2:00 am 11:00 ara,
11:59 am 6:M pm Vlsalla 6:40 am I:S3 prn
12:15 pm 6:53 pml Tulare i 5:50 am l:0» pm
"stopping at Intermediate pointa aa required. J
For particulars of stace and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department, S2l Market St.,
San Francisco.
910
ONLY BEST MEN
ARE REQUIRED
AS DELEGATES
Affiliated Clubs Hold
a Conference.
REPUBLICANS ALL IN LINE
— •«—
--HARMONIOUS CONSOLIDATION
OF AIX ASSOCIATIONS.
Bold Scheme of Rainey-Examiner
League — Democrats Torn by
Factionnl Strife in the
Banks.
Th<? clubs organised under the auspices
of the Republican County Committee, a3
well as the cluba formed by the City Re
publican League, are busi]>v_engused in
the preparation of delegate tickets to be
voted for at the primary election August
S. At the headquarters of the league In
the. Grand Hotel the prediction Is made
That the league organizations in the va
rious mbly districts will elect a ma
jority of the delegates to the Republican
nominating convention. The prediction of
success is baaed on the ground that the
prosiest diligence has been employed to
soJeot representative citizens and taxpay
ers of character ajid influence for each
Assembly district ticket. Argument is ad-
variced thai the voters wil support the
league's ticket when they see the names
tnted.
The offlcera of the Republican County
Committee are equally conrtdent that th«
regularly rganlzed clubs will win out. It
is limed that the best citizens in each
dlstr will bo placed before the peop:e.
The ntatives of the regular organi
zation assert that the enrollment of Ke
publicans is very large and the selection
of the delegate ticket is free from boss
methods and fluence. No doubt many
active young men. who are well and fa
vorably known in their respective districts
but not widely known in the city at large,
will be candidates to represent the people
in the convention. When the blanket
ticket was ■ ected the proposition that
delegati should be elected at large was
aiso defeated, hence each district elects
1:5 own delegates to the convention. The
people comprising the district should be
able to judge of the merits of the men
brought forward to represent them. The
indications are that the Republican con
vention will be composed of able and
reputable men.
Jr. Democratic ranks affairs are badly
mixed. In many of the districts each of
The three contending factions will present
a list of oVlegateo to be voted for. The
Call is i formed that the Buckley follow
ers and the supporters of 'he Rain< y-
Kxaminer league have harmonized their
differences in the Twenty-ninth and
Thirty-eighth Assembly 'istricts, and as
a consolidated force will there fight the
tirket proposed by the Committee of < >ne
Hundred. In the Twenty-ninth Buckley
and Rainey ire openly fighting Braun-
A politician whn is well posted gives
this version of affairs in the Th;rty
eighth District: "George Gallagher, who
is controlled by Ralney; and Tim O'Brien,
v. ho was an oid-tirr.e Buckley lamb, have
induced many mwi to join a Phelan club,
'Windy' Powers and the McGueneys axe
in tie club, hut at earl are In sympathy
■with Buckley. Hugo Asher, in Frank
l^ane's office, is a member "f the club.
lie pretend? to be . ir Phelan, but is in
fact a iney man. The programme is
t>> elect delegates ostensibly for Phelan,
but the delcgiiir!' when elected will be
controlled by Buckley and Rainey."
Democrats" who are on the "inside" were
amused when they read a postal card con
t.Uning this statement:
FORTY-FIRST DISTRICT.
DEMOCRATIC MUNICIPAL CI,i;B.
You are inviiwl to assist in the reorganisa
tion of the Forty-first District Municipal nub
on Thursday evenlnß. .July 27. IS'.<9. at s p. m..
an Pi\ley Hall, corner I'Rcifle avenue and Polk
street.
At the meetir.c of thi? <-hib. held on Wednes
day, July 19, lsflS. at niton Hall, the non
rious bosses. Buckley and Lai ■■•.. aided by
treachery rm the part of the president and
otber officers of the 'iub. combined to "stuff"
the roll and capturo the club. The motley
crnwd doinp the "stuffing" came fr^m all parts
of the <:ity and >yen from Pausallto, by far
the larrrPFt <-^ntlnppnt. however, consisting of
•jailbirds' and "dope fiends" from th.» ten
derloin district. Names of rsons a>sent from
th°- city and even dead men were "'.<n>-,i in th<»
reckless haste to get on the roll as majiy
r.ames as possible.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABYS
AND
SCALP
Cleansed Purified
and Beautified by
the most effective skin puri-
fying and beautifying soap in
the world, as well as purest
and sweetest ior toilet, bath
and nursery.
PURE AND SWEET, ar.d froe from every
blemish is skin. Rcalp and hair, cleansed,
purUii-d and beautified by Coticora Soap.
It removes the caase of rtisngurniJE crop-
Tions. los9 of Lair, and b3by J blemishes,
viz.: The clogjred, irritated, inflamed, or
filusrgish condition of the JfoHKS. Cuticura
Boap combines in One Soap at O>b Pricb
—namely, 25c.— the bestukm and complex-
r»«oap ami thd best toilet and baby soap
in tbe world.
Sola throughout the worM. Prlc«. COTICURA
ROAP. 26c. ; CUTIOUKA OINTMENT. 60c. I'OT-
TKR I>ttUCi 4; CHKM. COKP., Sole Prop*.. Boston.
'•All About iho Skin, Sc»lp and li*ir," mailed free.
RED MEN WILL FEAST
AND DANCE AND SING
Campfires Will Be
Kindled at Post-
Street Wigwam
on Next Tuesday
Morning.
£jnryr> S has already been announced
If \\ in The Call, the Great Coun
/>=—A cil of the Improved Order of
li V>. Red Men of the Reservation
. of California and the Great
Council of the Degrte of Pocahontas
of the same order will kindle their
fires in the wigwam on Post street
Tuesday next. The first named coun
cil will be in session four days anil
the latter probably three. In order to
entertain the representatives to the
two councils there has been appointed
a committee on ••nt'-rtainment that
will have for its function the provid
ing of an entertaining feature for the
representatives to both councils.
The following constitute the com
mittee: F. B. Swan of Osceote, Trihe,
chairman; Mr=. Jennie Weisel of Po
cahontas Council, vice chairman; J. H.
Hutaff of Altahmos Tribe, secretary;
G. S. Graham of Montezuma Tribe,
treasurer; Frederick Brandt . chairman
of the reception committee; J. Bdyes,
Il^nry A. <'has<\ J. Beckels of Man
zanlta Tribe: J. Jensen. J. F. Kelly,
M. l.iesen of Miantonnomah; .1. f-.
Bowen. G. F. Brackett, A. .Jones i>f
Pohonachee: T. W. Butcher, E. Con
noley, W. R. Jack of Pocahontas; F.
Brandt, C. Fowler, B. H. Wilcox of
?ne; 1.. C. Bertin, M. l.acaze, K.
It Is to put a stop to such practices, to
place the management of the <*luh in the hands
of honorable men, t.. acquire a membership
polely of ters residing in the Forty-first I'is
trlct. and to nominate a clean ticket of dele
gatee to the n-.unicipal convention free fioni
any taint "f bbsslsm or corruption wbo ph.ill
be sincerely in favor of the nomination of
James T) Fhelan for Mayor, that this meeting
la called. DEMOCRATIC COMMITTEE.
Thr true v-rsion as related to Th
is this: "•Early in the campaign, before
ih» real agitation of I
began a Democratic Huh was organized
in the Fortyrj}rsi District, which chit, was
composed of three-fourths good citizens
and one-fourth of another kind of n
rial As time w^nt alone good <i:-z.-ns :
uerfected to attend, but the politicians
who were looking r""r something were al- ,
ways on hand. Among the cliib members
was Ruh-rt Mann, nephew of Seth Mann.
In looking over the rolls he found that he
was the only member from the precinct
in which he resided. He conceiyed i the
brilliant idea, that each precinct should j
recommend the name of a deleft" to the
convention, and proposed that the clut.
Should indorse the pla.n. He enlisted in
his cause the support of Kelly, a Dan
Burns appointee in the Board of Health.
The two rounded up others of their kind.
and one night when good citizen? of the
■ lub were off their guard the Mann propo
sition was put through. When the true
inwardness of the job was exposed the
citizens rallied, and on July 19 rescinded j
the action of Mann and Kelly. This ac- ]
counts for the unsigned demand byjpostal I
card for an anti-bo** club in the Forty
first District. The scheme to capture the
club wai" planned by the Rainey-Examiner
league, as Mann and Ralney are on confi
dential terms."
The executive committee of the Repub
lican Affiliated Clubs hold a quiet, private
session last evening and considered plan?"
for bringing opposing party elements to
gether in the selection of delegates to the
Republican convention. The attitude of
the Central league to the clubs was dis
cussed and a committee was appointed to
Bee v.hat could be done to f-erure the co
op< ration of the league In the coming pri
mary fight. Another meeting of the com
mittee will be held Monday evening. Six
clubs were represented last night.
The twenty-threo organizations com
prising the "Affiliated Republican <"lub&
contain a membership of 7000 roistered
voters. The-y were invited two weeks ago
t.i send representatives to a conference
with the <>ntraJ Republican T'lnlj at the
Grand Hotel and accepted the invitation.
The conference was a frank and open ois
cussion of political affairs in the various
districts. The Affiliated ('lubs invited a
return conference at the I'nlon LfaK»fi
riuh rooms. A courteous letter was suit
to Z. U. Dodge askini? that five represen
tatives be sent from the <">ntral Club.
Tne return conference was not accepted
or declined. In fact the Affiliated <"ltibp"
officers did not receive the courtesy of a
reply to their communication.
There are signs of a big row in the
Thirty-eighth Assembly District Derno
cratjc Club, of which George Gallagher is
president. This clnb is composed " f
Raineyites, Buckle^itea and Democrats of
all kinds. Tlip original agreement was
that the delegates should be selected by
the precincts. The Buckley followers are
now suspicious th;tt Gallagher Intends to
give to the campaign committeemen in
< ach precinct such a roll of precinct vot
era as will contain the names only of
those in sympathy with the Rainey-Ex
ajnlner leapme. The- Buckley Democrat"?
yesterday tried to pet a copy of the pre
cinct enrollment but met with evasion.
The delegates selected must be ratified by
the club. There was great apprehension
among the Ruckleyites last night that a
.lugglcry of the rolls is intended. Should
the scheme to shut out the Buckley men
be persisted; in Uiere will be a great up
roar wtTMi the list of delegates is sub
mitted to the dub for ratification.
The United League of Labor.
The T'nited Leagup of I^abor. an organi
zation composed uf employes of thp Mar
ket Street Railroad Company, will meet
on i:ext Saturday evening at th« power I
house of the company at "Washington and ,
Mason Btreets for the purpose of. reor-
THE SA-ST FBAISCIBCO CALL, BUWPAY* J¥LY 90, 1899.
-- ' • ~ ~ - — —-- =^-^ - 1 ■ — [ ■
Lavigne of Pr-minnle; Porter 1.. Bliss.
Herman Gutstadt, M. P. Kramer of
Modoc; A. Dawson, < '. F. de Berna, R.
P. Gale of Winnemucca; A. J. Phil
lips, F. B. Swan, P. P. Seymuur of
Os:eola; N. I>. Berry. L. J. Fortls, A.
Hausman of White Eagle; J. Kewell,
M. J. Maguire, J. Peterson of Bald
Eagle; G. Bossert, C. M. Strome. H.
Walker of Arnpahoe; J. A. EUert, G.
S. Graham, H. D. Hutt of Monte;
M. Bloom, Samuel Bertl. G. A. Traut
p.er of Oshonee; J. H. Hutaff, V. F.
Northruj), F. G. Thornton of Altah
mos; J. F. O'Connor. 1". R;ilph. F. D.
Ritchie of Ahwashte; J. A. Born.
Frederick L. (irifnth. G. A. Mauerhahn
Monadnock; Mrs. S. Gutstadt. Agnes
McMahon and Jennie Weisel of Poca
hontas Council; Mrs. William Betts.
Carrie Johnson, Haltie Jones of Alfa
i,i!;i Council an>l Katr- Benham. Kate
Cunningham and Rose Harvey of Ma
toaka t loundl.
This committee has decided to give
a errand entertainment and ball in Odd
Fellows' Hall on the night of Thurs
day, the 3d of August, in honor of the
representatives, who there will have
an opportunity to meet the members
of the ori-r and their pal^-face
friends. In order that the hall shali
not be overcrowded, each member of
gnnization. This association numbers over
00 members and is governed under one
general head, >>f which Thomas R. Eg an.
the general foreman of streetcar track
builders, is supreme chief. The bud >r
dinate bodies consist of five clubs, each
having a president, secretary, treasurer
and other officers, under whose local jur
isdiction they exist. At the request <>f
the five sub-presidents General President
Egan has issued the call for a reorgani
zation, which will keep up its activity
during the coming municipal campaign.
The member? nf the I'nit^d league of
1-abor intend to take an active part in
politics during the next three months.
Continental League Entertain
ment.
The Continental J>ague will hold a la
dies nißht at Saratoga Hal] on the night
of August 1. when the question of city
ownership of gas. electric light and water
supplies will be discussed. Hon. Julius
Kahn and B. 1.. McKinley will take the
affirmative sides and Major C. \V. Kyle
and I>. A. Gibbons will argue the riecra
tive aspects of the question. The Water
man sisters will sing. Professor Sichel's
orchestra will play, and at -10 o'clock poii
tlcs will be declared over and a dance w!'l
follow. The affair will be unfler the direc
tion of th» following gentleman: K. J.
PJgginn. F. D. Worth. George S. Gra
ham. Ft. T.. McKiMey and E. G. Knapp.
TEMPLE LOVE FEAST.
Democratic Mass Meeting in
Metropolitan Hall Last
Night.
The Democratic Central Club held a
well-attended loye feast last night in
Metropolitan Hal!. Bonfires blazed at
Market and Mission streets, and the So
cialistic Labor party took advantage of.
the illumination to hold a big meeting on
the mint steps: so that while ideal politics
were discussed In open-air assemblage
practical politics from the Democratic
point of view were eloquently s<et forth by
tried orators in the neighboring hail.
Oscar Hocks presided, and the following
gentlemen were on the stage: Henry Ges
ford. Walter P. Stradley. Charles H. Hol
comb, Judge Robert Ferral. William Fa
hey. Charles Asmussen. Hugo K. Asher,
Charles Wehr, J. YV. Cramer, Andrew Ol-
Ben P. J- Smith. W. Redouan. W. Craig,
Dr P Hartley, J. W. McDonald. Robert
Mann W C. Holcom.b. B. C. Gooken, D.
.1 McNamara, James Heal, J. D. Wight.
Thomas Martin. H. Louis, Charles Glldea,
\V. Cannon, Captain Lenders, Williiim
Aamussen and George Maguire.
Addresses were made by Henry C. Gps
ford, W. P. Stradley, Judge Robert Ferval
and Charles Acmussen, praising the ad
ministrations of Mayor Pnelan and Asses
sor Dodge and the good work of Super
visors J. Deasy and J. Byington, Coroner
Hill and City Attorney L.ane. Ri'solutions
were adopted directing delegates to be
named for the convention to vote for Phe
lan for Mayor.
Between speeches the Knickerbocker
Quartet gave several selections which
were well received. The club meets again
at Pythian Castle next Wednesday night.
The affair w;is given In honor of Phelan
and Dodge, but neither attended. Dodge
went fishing anfl Phelan ducked.
Pledged to Phelan and Dodge
The. Democratic Municipal Club of tho
Forty-fifth District met last night in
Garibaldi Hall at 423 Broadway and
passed resolutions pledging the support of
thp club to Mayor Pheian and Assessor
Dodge. H whs announced that the dele
gates to the. convention would he select! d
at a meeting of the club to be hell to
morrow evening, and that they would be
instructed to vote for persons who ap
proved the spirit of the new charter that
goes into effect on January 1, 1900. Short
addresses were made by M. C. Hsssett
and Thomas Murray. Dr. T. B. W. Lei
land presided and Daniel Sutter acted as
Palefaced Friends to
Be Greeted and
Entertained on
Thursday Even
ing.
the order -will be limited to one Invi
tation, exclusive <>f his "r her own.
in order to carry out the entertain
ment and ball to a successful termi
nation, the following sub-committees
have been chosen: H;ill— G. S. Gra
ham. P. i.. Bliss. J. Keys; printing—
S. H. Wilcox, F. 1... Griffith. Amies
McMahon; music— J. 1.. Bowen, M. S.
Kramer, M. J. ataguire; privileges M.
Lelsen, F. B. Swan. V. F. Northrup;
F. <le Berna, P. S.
Seymour, C. Fowler, Jennie Weisel,
Mrs. M Betts; badges— F. Brandt. L.
C. Bertin. Carrie Johnson; press J. H.
Hutaff; decorations A. J. Phillip?. W.
R. Jacks. Kate Benham.
First-class talent has been secured
for the entertainment, which will last
until 10 o'clock, when dancing will he
Inaugurated under the direction of P.
S. Seymour, floor manager; I". F. de
Berna. assistant; P. I-. Bliss=. A. J.
Phillips. G. Bopsert. F. Kewell and J.
F. O'Connor, floor committee: Frede
rick Brandt. Agnes McMahon. Mrs.
Minnie BettP. Rose Harvey. J. Boyes
find M. I.acaze. reception committee.
During the session of the- Great
Councils, the local counsels of the De
gree of Pocahontaa will serve lunch
to thp. representatives in the banquet
hall, and this will be in rharjr I1 '' of a
committee 'if which Carrie Johnson
is the chairman.
secretary. A number of new members
signed the club roll.
Thirty-Fifth District Democrats:
The regular Democratic « "1 ul> of the
Thirty-fifth Assembly district has nomi
nated the following delegates to the
municipal convention: James Butler. L.
.1. Dolan, John Reedy, Thomas Cosgrove
John F. Byrne. William J. Conroy. Juhn
J. Wall.' Cornelius O'Shea, Charles
Dowries, Join- Massey. William Miilren
nin, \V.. H. Cole. P. .T. Johnson. Jospj)h
O'Shea. Thomas Brannan, William Tam
ony, John J. Tumelty. John Maloney.
Save money; buy your second-hand
school books at King: Bros.. 3 Fourth. *
Foresters on the Bay.
Th<-> members of Court Apollo. Anrtpnt
order of Foresters, will, in company with
thPir lady relatives and fripnds. leave on
thp stoamer Caroline from Jackson-street
wharf next Sunday morning for an excur
sion on thp hay. This will be a compli
mentary outing.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capM. cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Poet »t.
Lace Curtains
New curtains for the home should be a
certainity with this opportunity.
Irish point lace curtains, yh yards long, about
50 different designs Hin white and ecru;
formerly sold for $6, $7, $S, $9 and $9.75
now reduced to
Wool Shawls 1 Bedroom
Ladies' woven wool olippCFS
Shawls, 36 inches Ladies' hand crocheted
-. . , wool slippers in cardinal,
square, in white and nght blue,, pink, gray,
cardinal for black, lavender and tan,
cardinal ior reduced from $1.25 to
O lie each i a pair
135 to 131 Kearny St.
SMOOT PLAYS
PEEKABOO WITH
THE DETECTIVES
He Is Unable to Get
Bonds.
WILL LIE HID TILL HE DOES
SEVERAL SURETIES OFFEBJED
NOT UP TO THE MASK.
"Brick" McPherson, the Leader of
the Gang. Is Having an Irk
some Time of It in the
City Prison.
Saloon-keeper Smoot is still playing
peekaboo with the police. Contrary to
the express promise of his attorney,
Thomas Madden, Smoot failed yesterday
to deliver himself into custody. He was
very sorry to disappoint the patient de
tectives, he sent word, but business aa?
business with him, and he was firm in his
determination to avoid the warrant for his
arrest until such time as he could meet
it with a bail bond that would pass mus
ter. The bearer of the message Bought to
cheer up the depressed detectives with the
assurance that his man ought to be able
to get around to it by Monday morning.
The detectives thanked him for the con
sideration he had shown and requested
him to ask Smout to get a move <>n.
Smoot had been Retting a move on. but
it was barren of results. He whs confi
dent Friday thai as soon as collection
day passed he would have nn difficulty in
procuring a bond, in the good old days
b ;for< his name was connected so freely
with that of "Brick" McPherson and the
'•dope dream' gang he could have secured
the signatures of a dozen bondsmen that
would have passed muster. It is diffen-nt
now is the Larkin-street saloon-keeper
has found to his cost. Any old signature
will not do for a bail bond. Smoot's agents
submitted half a dozen names yesterday
to Bond Expert Newman and Police Judge
Treadwell bui not one of them would
pass muster. The smell of straw lingered
on all of them, and they were inconti
nently rejected.
Smoot's emissaries became discouraged
during the afternoon and decided to knock
off work in this direction until Monday
morning, when they are confident that
enough persons to represent $2000 worth <»f
property can be Induced to go bail for the
saloon-keeper now under cover.
Snmot is moved by a good reason in re
fusing to surrender until he lias his bond
. .Judging from the experience of
•'Brick " McPherson, any of the gang or
their connections, who land in jail is liable
to have a Bard time getting out. Mc-
Pherson's friends have tried it and they
know the difficulty of securing bondsmen.
The "dope dream" swindle has left such a
bad odor U-hmd it that no one is anxious
to mix with the swindlers. For that
reason "Brick" McPherson is still in the
City Prison, and. from the present out
look, will stay there until the law finishes
will) him.
Ex-Policeman Clisham, it now appears.
secured bail iust in time, or he. too. may
be, would have a hard time securing it.
Th police were informed yesterday that
the supposed Davis, accused oy Attorney
N. Thome of embezzlement, was
mixed v ( ' several years ago in a trans
action which bore all the earmarks of
bunko and shows that Clisham was no
novice In such operations as were, peculiar
to the "Brick" McPherson pang.
Early In 1897 Felix Pantoveris, who was
at that time secretary to the Greek Con-
BUI at this port, claimed that <"lisham
bunkoed him out of JLW on a. promise that
he would get. him a position in the <'lty
Hi I. On the discovery' that he had been
dupe-d. Pantoveris consulted Attorney A.
Ruef, and the outcome was a promissory
note fmnj Cllßham to Pantoveris for $100.
Pantov.ris is now a cook in a Saiisallto
restaurant.
County Roads Neglected.
At a meeting Of ;he Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs last ntfiht at An
d&rson's Tlai!. on Douglass stre«t, l>r. E.
N. Torello made n strong plea for the im
provemenl of the county roads. >)e said
that it was a shame to see the neglected
condition In which they are permitted to
remain.
He offered a resolution to th« effect that
the secretary write a communication t,.
th<^ Supervisors urging that body to make
an appropriation of $10,imV) for th«ir repair.
"Cars stop here," this Is the sign
Th«> Market-st. Railwaj- wish to define.
Reg Aluminum does it for them;
Opposite "Call Rl<lk." 'tis a gem.
Sons of Exempts Smoke.
The Society of .Sons of Exempts had a
smoker in the lower hall of the Exempts"
building at which nearly all the members
were present, also a number of the Ex
empts, and all enjoyed an Interesting pro
gramme of music, recitations, short ad
3rpsse.a and a few recollections of the
days when the volunteer fire department
held sway. There were served a collation
with cigars.
Transfer of Oil Business.
The King Keystone OH Company has
succeeded to the business nf Lathrop &
Kinp. at 11*; Front street, wherp they will
n ,. pieftsed to continue to furnish their
patrons with petroleum and Us products.
FRED. L. KINS. Prop.
ROBT. S. KNIGHT. Sec. and Treas.
San Francisco, Cal.. July 2<i, I>>99. *
APVEBTIBEMENTS.
Elegant White
Golden Fleece
Blankets,
On Monday, Julu 31st, will commence our
• FALL SALE OF FINE WHITE BLANKETS,
During the cast four months we have had
made to OUR SPECIAL ORDER bu the CELE-
BRATED GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MILLS an
immense auantitu of ELEGANT WHITE
BLANKETS. These Blankets are all made
from PURE AUSTRALIAN WOOL Come in
all sizes, are hound with veru heavu wide silk
ribbon, and we will sell them at Drices lower
than present cost to manufacture. We will
also sell with these Blankets FOUR CASES
WHITE ENGLISH MARSEILLES BED-
SPREADS, extra size and all hemmed, at
53.50 each,
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY FOR QUALITIES AND PRICES.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
I Think of it |
I Guaranteed |
| Gold Fillings, |
I 75c Up I- |
% S!!i s ,';,, o f J"i h i,v.v'.°'.!i.«."? "-VAN VROOM" |
1 F '"r^ r,:; r ■«,;„: 997 Market St., Corner Sixth. |=
3" Teeth tvhen platP are ordered. GEO. W. KLEISER, D.D.S. 5^
1 THE GOLDEN JUBILEE.
An Official Badge Selected by the
Executive Committee of the
Odd Fellows.
At the meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Golden Jubilee ce-lebration
of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
four designs of flag? to be known as offi
cial flass were presented. As these were
not fully In accord with the ideas of the j
majority." the matter was referred back j
tp the committee on decorations.
The committee on souvenir book report
ed that it will cost about $2500 to issue !
40,000 copies of the book and that up to !
date $1883 had been collected on account of
the souvenir. J. W. Harris. D. Newell.
Joseph Winterbura and \V. E. Lutz were
added to the book committee.
The parade committee reported that two
of the Rebekah lodges will parade in car
riages and that the Rebekah Drill Corps,
consisting of twenty-seven young ladies
of the local lodges, will parade In uniform.
The corps is now drilling and will make j
its first appearance at a reception and |
entertainment to be given in Odd Fellows'.
Hall on the night of September I. It was |
also announced that other lodges will take i
part but that they have not yet arranged I
details.
The chairman of the official badge com
mittee presented samples of the design ,
adopted In three shades of metal and one
was adopted. A committee on Patriarch
Militants was suggested and it was de- ,
cided to have such a' committee. Colonel
H. O. Brower was admitted as a member
of the executive committee. It was an- ;
nounced that the subscriptions to date \
amount to $4633.
I>ouls Kragen. deputy of District Xo. 68,
In which are Golden- Gate. Fidelity. Oc
cidental. Sargent and Spartan lodges, has j
decided to establish headquarters in the I
Pavilion, and being the first to reach such
a decision was entitled to first choice. The
matter was referred to the proper bub- !
committee.
Responses from lodges and encamp- i
ments throughout the State are very sat
isfactory and point to a large and credit
able gathering of the sons and daughters
of the order during jubilee week.
Thr» transportation committee requests
that the various organizations at as early j
a date as possible announce the prospect- •
ive numbef who will he present from such
locality in order that favorable terms may i
be made for their fare; and it is also de
sired that information he given iho i om
mittee as to whether the visitors prefer
to come to the city by rail or water. All
of the' railway and steamship companies
have given generous concessions for this
event and it is beyond all question that
large numbers will be present during jubi
lee week.
Park Music To-Day.
Overture. "t/a Gloconda" Tournier
Mazourka de Concert. "I*a Source" Detibes
Scenes from "Macbeth" % Pr n !
Celebrated I>argo iroiti "X»rxcs" Hande
Ballet from •William Tell" Rossini
Prelude. "Under the Redwoods" Redding
Cornet solo, selected — •• •
Fantasia from "Faust".. Gounod
"Yankee Patrol" Mlesud
•■Smoky Mokes" (Cakewalk) Holzmaa
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
LOOK AT IT!
$3-50 This Week.
Beautiful White Enameled
Bed With Brass '1 rim-
mings.
* • .
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSIOIi STREET.
fibove Slxtb.
Phone Soctb 14. Open Krtnlngt.
A GENUINE REDUCTION SALE!
grm On nccount of having
JSJJI_ closed up my Sacra-
-» T^f* mento branch store I
\Jj. offer to my patrons and
J&£r-&K. the ruhllc In . general
■■n $5000 worth of wno>n«,
/Or*2KMP3 which I wish to turn Into
jMRKaBtJ cash before my fall ond
jG&Q&iifti winter ftock comes In.
; $n£^W'Jjr c P r ' CPS n t^' e window.
X JOE POHEIM,
' WWa. THE TAILOR.
: stWIP 201-203 Montgomery at..
KMfl§i 1110-llia Market et..
'■ w i Sal an Francisco.
VI ja 485 Fourteenth st.. Oak-
< S k j|"^A 143 South Spring St..
jiC* Los Ansreles, ■ Cal.
CDTTCUT7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
OrilJ OilijO h o s u SC bootblacks, bath-
a^a.«.w>^ houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbjnders. candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mlllj. foundries, laundries, paper-
hungers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brtuh Manufacturer*. 609 Sacrament* Sk
Weekly Call a sl.oo per Year♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦•♦♦♦ N3r__or . _ - ;
"GOVERNMENT BY ONE POWER":
That Is What the Samoan Commissioners Recommend.
Here Is the Very Important
Report They Have Sub
mitted to Their Respec
tive Governments.
It Won't Reach Them for Some
Time Yet, but The Gall Here
with Furnishes the Text
Copyright 1599, by the San Francisco CalL
+■ + 4. + + + + + + + + + + + + + 4- ■♦■■♦■-♦■ 4- 4-4-4-4-4--*-4--f4-*-4-"*-^4-4-4.
THE CALL IS FIRST t
With the News of the Recom- t
mendations t
OF THE SAMOAN COMMISSIONERS.
The Call to-day presents information of preat importance to three
• r>f Great Britain and that of Germany. Itcon
sists of the report of the Tripartite Commission sent to Samoa—Judge
ripp of Dakota, representing the United States; Baron Speck
yon Stcrnberg of the German Embassy, representing Germany, and C.
N. E. Eliot of the British Embassy, representing England — making
-.> recommendations regardinj; the new form of government de
I upon by them as most suitable for the islander?.
These recommendations are based on. the best features of the Berlin
treaty. The text of the treaty itself as amended and modified by the
Commissioners is also presented.
THIS IMPORTANT NEWS. IN WHICH THE PEOPLE OF
THREE NATION'S ARE HIGHLY INTERESTED, IS NOW
FIRST MADE PUBLIC THROUGH THE CALL.
T], e • ommissioners and the amended treaty
are ol ■ to their respective Governments, bnt it will probably be
some time before any official announcements concerning the Commis
sioners' recommendations will be regularly given out to the- public.
REPORT OF THE
COMMISSIONERS
We have the honor to submit herewith ,
to the consideration of our thre* Govern- i
ments the inclosed draft of a modified |
and amended version of the act of Berlin, j
+.$, $^f In preparing
#. ' <*> these modifica-
TREATY I tlons and amend- I
ments our meth-
OF BERLIN O d has been to
wnnin-n cons id * r flrst
MODIFItD. 1 what a re the evils
♦-.: .- : __ t * which have
"* y * caused the recent
troubles in Samoa and the gen
erally unsatisfactory condition of the. Isl
ands, and. secondly, what are the meas
ures most likely to remove or minimize
those evils.
The chief <»vils may be. in our opinion,
grouped under four heads:
I— Those which appear to inevitably at
tend the election ol a King in Samoa and
his subsequent efforts to exert his author- j
Ity. I
— Those which are due to the rivalry of .
the foreign nationalities between them- ,
selves and to theii aisposition to take i
sides in the native politics, and thus in- i
crease the Importance and bitterness of
the disputes which arise.
3— A third ela?s of evils have their or!- i
gin in the fact that for many years there ;
has been no law or government in Samoa j
other than native custom outai.le the lim- j
its of the municipality. Murder and oth
er serious crimes have remained unpun
ished when committed by persons of rank. 1
and the Supreme Court and the nominal
Government at Mulinuu have been equally j
powerless to exert any controlling force. >
1 4— The insufficient enforcerm nl of the
customs regulation? has allowed unscrup- j
ulous traders to distribute targ numbers ■
of arms among a native population rent
by political factions and ready to right !
both one another and Europeans.
_i; t _ .4- romeet the first !
A ' ~ <*> of these cvi we I
i/iKi(;cuip T have temporarily I
KlNlaSmr abolished the:
,- kingship, and rec- j
'^ ommend thai it
b'■ permanently '
ABOLISHED. dislied. Theac- I
<£> 4> tJon whi'-h we j
. . *•> have ■ iken in the j
matter does not
appear to have aroused any hostile feel
ing among the natives.
No doubt, many great chiefs regrei that
they will no longer have an opportunity j
of gratifying tli<-ir mbitions and indulg
ing that passion for rank and ceremony
which Is innate In the breast of every
Samoan.
But even the chiefs li^ve acquiesced in
the change: some of the most Important ;
have star, d that they think it is for the
good of Samoa, and we believe that th*
population, unless worked upon by "xtra- \
neous influences (which Is, unhappily, not
impossible^ will assent to the abolition
without a murmur and without regret.
Every white man, German, English and
American alike, who has given evidence
before tlie commission (.with the exception
of one or two lawyers, who had private \
interests in the case) has recommended the
commission to do away with the kingship, '
and we may also refer to the opinion of
Sir E. Malet recorded In the protocols
of the conference of Berlin and of Mr.
Bates in his report on Samoa.
+ i,~ ■ $/■+ i; seems impos- :
s,/ <t. 'sible to say of
OFFICE OF i the office any |
UrrlLt ur | good whatever. lt
Mr is comparatively
lINIJ modern as an in
stitution. it serv-
NOT USEFUL ed no useful pur-
J <y P°se
-.____ *..*. In recent years,
"*■ " at any rate, the |
King had no authority or practical power 1
to even collect taxes beyond the limits of ;
the municipality, and within those limits 1
his authority was superfluous. The
greater part of the population was to all .
intents and purposes In permanent rebell
ion dnst him. and the mere fact _that I
orders were Issued through him was liable
to provoke disobedience in many districts.
Further it seems impossible to devise
any pl*n by which an undisputed or even ,
oeaceful succession can be secured. The,
kingship depends on the grant of certain I
titles by certain districts. They are In the |
gift not of the whole population but of
£mal! bodies of electors who owe their !
position to their rank. Even among these j
•lectora the principle that the majority I
of the vote bestows the title is not ac- !
cepted, and the gist of all the "Laws and
Customs of Samoa" is that tnerei? no^h- I
lng to prevent two candidates from being
duly elected King at the same time. I
ri£hiS £ } V he cla j mR of such rivals were
decided by force of arms, but the framers '
ol the act of Berlin, who evidently thor- i
oughly understood Samoan custom and
practice in tnlß matter, laid dow™ that
questions respecting the rightful an
Pototment of Kinp shall not ' cad to wa P r
but shall be presented for decision -to the
Chief Justice of Samoa." Recent exVrl
?r£ 6 . h ? S unhappily proved that an P at
tempt to ttle the question in [his way >
; also leads to war. and we are tlip-efore i
strongly of opinion that the only- chance
of preventing such dissensions In thefu
vXs "them al>olish the ° m Cc which e pr^.
\ ;k«.'S them.
£* — . ,-s,+ In the p)ace of
f cvctcm nc f the kln sni P we
SYbihM OF i ; propose to create!
a system of na-
NATIVE tive government
analogous to that i
GOVERNMENT which works suc
j UUVhKNMENT. • cessfuily in Fiji
:<? ♦ The islands will
+<» 74-f be divided into
. • , certain adminis
trative districts (corresponding as nearly
as possible with those recognized by Sa'- :
moan usage), for each of which a 'chief I
will be responsible, and these chiefs will
meet annually at Apia in a Native Coun
cil to discuss such matters as interest
them, and make recommendations to the
■ Administrator and Council. Native courts
will be allowed to punish minor crimes
according to native law and customs, and
ever] provision has been made to secure
to the Samoan population complete lnde
, pendence and self-government. We fear
however, that the same causes which pro
i duced rlvai Kings will long continue to
produce rival chiefs who will claim the
post of provincial Governor and create
continual dissension.
rhaps the evils which it Is least easy
to cure are the second class, those which ;
; arise from the rivalry and mutual hos
tility of the different nationalities. This
hostility permeates all departments of
life. The traders on one side combine
against those on the other. The Munici
pal Council is divided Into two parties i
determined to support its own 1 pro- I
gramme a:ul defeat that of the other.
Proposed reforms and measures are
judged not on their merits, but by party
considerations, and officials, however Im
partlal ■■•; may wish to be, art- consid
-1 ered to belong to one Bide or the other
according to their nationality, and inevi
tably end by becoming more or less nar
! tisana.
I From the very commencement of the
I late ontesl for the Kingship it was no
m»rf> atlve quarrel between Mataafa and
Janu. On the one side were ranged one
foreign nationality and Its officials and
on the other Bide two other nationalities
: with their officials, and the contest was |
prolonged and not allowed to reach its '
natural termination. 1
♦ • i^. We do not think I
** «• it will ever be
GOVERNMENT T possible to do
| away with this
BY state of things
under a tripar- !
ONF POWFR fi: a d ministra-
I UNt POWER. (i n and we take
'-' -» 'his opportunity
i t-<s — •$-♦- of recording our !
, , opinion that the
only natural and normal plan nf gov
ernment for these islands and the only
system which can assure permanent pros
: perity and tranquillity is a government I
i by one power. We regard it. however as
beyond our province to make any but 8
general statement on such a subject, and 1
we have endeavored to amend existing
i arrangements in such a manner that they
may prove, if not entirely satisfactory at
; least workable.
; *$■ *•♦ We propose to
■ <§> ■'• Introduce an ele-
ADMiNISTRATOR : ment of unity
! and centralization
AND COUNCIL OF Into the Govern
ment by the ap- I
nci cr»-rcc pointment of an I
DELEGATES, Ad m n i Btrator I
i <i- 4> who will doubt- :
1 +^ *■♦ less be chosen j
from some disin
terested power. He will be assisted by a'
: council of delegates from the three g'nv
-1 ernments, who might exercise such con- '
| sular functions as are necessary In Sa
; moa. We propose to give this Adminis
trator a large measure of authority,
I which, if exercised by a just and capable
| man. should enable him to put an end to
'■ many disputes.
We propose that the Administrator and
j the three delegates should form a legis-
I lative council and we have Introduced into j
| the act several clauses giving them power I
to modify existing ordinances.
We are of opinion that the original act
I of Berlin was drafted and has been con
SA£T FItA^GISOO, BU3STDAT 4 Jt;ti^_f 60, 1899*
TRIPARTITE JOINT COMMISSION TO SAMOA.
(Harper? Weekly, from Phot ographs by E. B. Johnson.)
NEW OUTBREAK FEARED
IN UNHAPPY SAMOA
Uprising to Follow Departure of Commissioners — Mataafans Swear
to Take Malietoa Tanu's Life*
9 Special Correspondence of The Call. ©
t _ Q
♦ APIA Samoa July 14. IS9?.— The Commissioners are busy winding up the affairs of state here, and they ex- *
♦ pert to be ready to 'leave for San Franciaco, via Hilo and Honolulu, on the 18th of -this month. +
? The p^nera! impression along the beach here is that as soon as the Badger leaves with the Commissioners o
O there will be another uprising. The natives will not stand for any "white man's laws." O
t As far back as the year one. they have been ruled by either a High Chief or a King; they love pomp and £
° cpremony. and as the present administration will not give them this, trouble is looked for. The mere fact that 3
0 their arms have been taken away from them seems to cut no figure at all. pit is positively known that both par- +
t ties have concealed in the bush large quantities of arms and ammunition of a superior quality to those surren-
•♦" dered last month. , ' -.+
♦ What disposition is to be made of the arms which, were taken from them (some 4000) is not fully decided q
% but In all probability the Badger will carr: them to the arsenal at Mare Island, and the savages will be paid ♦
O spot cash for them. . ' . . n
t Chief Justice Chambers, with his family, leaves by this steamer for San Francisco on a leave of absence O
♦ When the Badger was at Salafatu last weela Mataafa came on board and paid his respects to the commis- Q
£ -sion. notwithstanding the fact that he is very lllVith a fever, but like all Samoans he is too proud to give in to +
o such small bodily ailments. • • ♦». w 1, "*"
t Since he has lost his job as King of Samoa Malietoa Tanu has been in hiding some plare out in the bush, o
♦ No one has seen him for several weeks. Some of thn Mataafa outfit have sworn to kill the ex-King on sight. Q
? This afternoon the Commissioners and all .naval commanders. Consuls and civil officers are to meet .11 a ♦
o grand "fono" the high chiefs of both parties at Mulinuu. when the Commissioners will state the decision at
O which they have arrived concerning the government of these islands. • °
© . . ,'~^ it'V.i',l *»,.»
strued In too rigid a manner, and that
greater elasticity in its provisions would
have a beneficial effect.
We have therefore empowered the coun
cil to make such alterations as it may
think fit in the boundaries of districts,
the .details of native government and
other matters enumerated in the pro
posed amended act.
+<$ «>+ Thirdly — We
<«> <* hope to create a
TO END [ greater harmonj
among the white
CONSULAR : residents by abol-
CONSULJK i<,hing consular
JURISDICT.ON. jurisdiction. We
JURISDICTION. believe that in
4 s ♦ other parts of the
4-^ *>-v- world su'-h juris
diction prevails
only where the laws of a country are lor
a religious or other reasons not suitable
for application to foreigners. But the
Chief Justice of Samoa Is an American
or European and administers American or
European law. It would appear, therefore,
that there is no reason why ti» should
not take cognizance of all suits brought
against foreigners nor why foreigners
should enjoy privilegesofextra-territorial
lty except that of not being amenable to
tlie jurisdiction of native courts, which
will deal only with such matters as are
decided according to native custom. F-litli
erto consular jurisdiction has bt-en a pow
erful means of embittering International
strife in Apia. Each nationality has had
REVIEW OF THE SAMOAN SITUATION
Pioneer American Resident and Special Correspondent of The Call.
APIA. Samoa. July 14. -Since the arrival
of th" International Commission Mataafa
and thirteen chiefs who formerly consti
tuted the provisional Government have <m
all occasions demonstrated their friendli
ness, their desire for peace and their very
pronounced wish that the new Govern
ment of Samoa should be settled on equit
able lines.
On the other hand the few followers of
Tanu and Tama_seso. strongly supported
by a few British colonials, not one of
whom has any vested interests in the
country worth mentioning and all of whom
are merely place hunters, have raised
objections to every effort that the Com
missioners have made, even going so far
as to advise Tamasese to hold on to Muli
nuu (the capital) and to the house, usually
occupied by the President, thus in a meas
ure keeping Dr. Solp from commencing
his duties in a regular way. as all public
documents were locked up there.
On the 15th of last month the Commis
sioners decided that the continued pres
ence of Tanu in Samoa and the residence
of Tamasese to Mulinuu were detrimental
to the negotiations then pendlns for a
peaceful settlement. Tanu was ordered to
leave Samoa in the Torch for Fiji or any
other more distant point that he might
select, and Tamasese was ordered to go to
hIR home, at Leulomoega.
On the 17th Tanu's flag which had been
bo ceremoniously raised by Admiral Kautz
was ordered lowered, and Tamases<» de
parted for Mulinuu, but not to his home,
its own law and the Consul who adminis
tered that law was popularly regarded
not as an impartial judge but as the pro
tector of his own nationality.
We believe that by abolishing this out
ward sign of separate national Institu
tions and by submitting all nationalities
to one court and one law a great advance
will be made in the direction of removing
petty rivalries and jealousies and restor
ing good relations between- the various
white colonies.
4. j, $>+ The third cMss
,i. ' /*. of evils arises
INCREASED from thf> lawless
ness now pre
pnwFß<; PnR vailing in Samoa
POWtKb rUK outside the nvi
ruicF iiicTirF nicipality. For
.. CMlhr JUS I lOt.. many years
/S- ♦ there has been im
4.. t>+ law in these dis
tricts, and nari\ •■
institutions permitted chiefs to commit
crimes with. Impunity. Murder, thelt and
other offenses were left unpunished, and
trade suffered owing to the difficulty of
affording planters adequate legal protec
tion in tneJr dealings with the aborigines.
We hope to improve this state of lnln;?s
by giving the Chief Justice an enlargtd
jurisdiction over all the islands, so as to
include all cases between natives and
foreigners as well as the higher grades
of crimes committed by natives against
each other.
To lighten the work of the Supreme
Court we have made the municipal mag
BY H. J. MCORS,
for he located himself at Yaimoso. one of
the suburbs of Apia, and there pstahlisbed
a sort of court over which he pretended to
rule: so thai in order to keep engagements
with the Mataafa party the Commission
ers were compelled to have Tamasese
brought a hoard the Badger and very sol
emnly warned that any further nonsense
from him might have serious results.
Some of the missionaries, and also the
relations of Tanu, by Incessant and vehe
ment Intercession prevailed upon the Com
missioners to allow this young man to re
main in Samoa under certain conditions:
so on the 18th of June the Torch departed
for Fiji without him.
On the 20th inst. a fono. or meeting of
reconciliation, was held on hoard the
Badger, chiefs from both sides publicly
shaking hands and In the presence, of the
Commissioners promising to keep the
peace and cause their followers also to do
On the 22d the Badger, having the Com
missioners on board, departed lor Pago
Pago and other points on Tutuila. re
turning to Apia on the 2«th. On the 27th
H I. M. S. Falke departed for Sydney,
and on the same day the Torch returned
from Fiji, bringing Hamilton Hunter to
act here as British Consul. This gentle
man iias for years been attached to ihe
Fijian administration and Is wpl! and fa
vorably known in many parts of the
Western Pacific. However, the govern
ment of the Fijian Islands has In the past
made so little progress and has been so
generally unsatisfactory both to the na
tives and to the whites that the appoint
ment of any person from that Govern
ment to Samoa is hardly reassuring.
On the 28th of June a serious row oc
curred at Safata. during the progress of
which several persons lost their lives,
i istrate a court of first instance within the
limits of the municipality.
+.». <f+ Fourthly, we.
<t>~ ' •;> have felt it our
1 TO ENFORCE duty to (leal
IU tni-UK^t somewhat se
nicTnuc verely with the
CUbIUMb importation of
arms and ammu-
REGULATIONS nition into Sa
ja> <*. moa. The prohl
! I<£ : i-^. bition existing in
the treaty has
, become a dead letter: the management of
the pustoma has been exceedingly lax,
having beeen largely in the hands of mer
chants who naturally found it convenient
to have easy regulations.
Private commercial houses have been
allowed to discharge goods direct into
their own receiving sheds without any
examination, and thouuh w«» make no
specific accusations it is clear that there
can have been no difficulty in Introducing
■ l:irer» Quantities of arms, and that arms
were so Introduced.
We therefore feel it essential that the
: customs regulations should be stringent
j Iv enforced under the supervision of the
• Administrator and that adequate customs
I accommodation, with an adequate staff.
i shall be provided with as little delay as
i possible. BARTLETT TIUPF.
i High Commissioner of the I'nited States.
! C. X. B. ELIOT,
I Her Britannic Majesty's High Commis
sioner.
... . H. STERN BERG,
I High Commissioner of Germany.
and at this moment a number of natives
w i" !i;ifi been enga^d in ir ai*e now on
board the Taur&nga and Kormoran,
awaiting tlyir trials, which will probably
t ; i U • ■ place to-morr<i\v.
Safata is situated across the range of
mountains and on the opposite side ot
I'ltniu from Apia. By land it Is fourteen
miles distant, by water forty. Suatele,
the principal chi<-f over there, had estab
lished on the very top of t lie range ;i sort i
of sanitarium, oprn freely to all persona
crisping, and very generally made use of
by both whites and natives.
About the houses he *»ad planted a
number of fruit trees and much taro an<l
other Samoan food plants. Besides this
he kept here a goodly number of fowl
and pigs. The place was at an elevation
of 3000 feet, the atmosphere cool and
bracing, and many persons. Including, of
course,. Its owner, came to this plac ! from
time to time as a port" of relief from the i
higher temperatures below at Apia on I
the one side and Safata on the other.
During the whole of the wars from Janu
ary 1 until April 28 this place escaped mo
lestation because the Mataafa forces un
der Suatele occupied the surrounding
country.
After the conclusion of the war, when
the Tanu men were promised protection
and ordered to their homes, some of them
belonging to Safata. in passing "TlavJ,"
as the place was known, utterly destroyed ■
everything there, of course burning the
houses to the ground.
On hearing- r.f this Suatele in a public i
speech at Safata, in which be counseled
a.ll persons to obey the voice of the com
mission and maintain the peace, expressed
his wish to be informed of the names of
th' 1 vandals who had destroyed his prop- j
erty after the war was over and so not |
Native Kingship, They Sug
gest, Should Be Abolished
in the Interest of Good
Order.
One Court and One Law Will
Create Harmony Among the
White Residents*
Hilly inconvenienced him hut also all cthrr
persons crossing the island. On the fol
lowing day the depredators were discov
ered and two of Suatele's sn:is attacked
and seriously wounded two of them with
axes and knives, and on the following
Sunday, when they were leaving church,
they wore- in turn shot down by friends
of the wounded men and another of ih"ir
people, was hlso li!!e<i with bird shot.
Suatele's two sons have since died, and ir
is believed that the man they had wound
ed with ax cuts is also dead.
The Torch. Tauranga and Kormoran
were at once dispatched to the scene of
the trouble and all concerned were ar-
o(\ and are now awaiting their trials.
In< proven during the preliminary in
igation that the Hataafa men still
:essed a revolver and that the Tumi
had five Snider rifles and two shot
i the 30th of Junp the Tutanekai ar
il in Samoa, bringing Major Mair. a
gentleman for many yean connected with
the Now Zealand Lands Court. He came
here with the understanding that he was
to act as Rritish Consul, but as Mr. Hun
ter had arrived in the moan while and had
assumed the duties of the office the major
la not yet employed and will probably
return to Auckland by next boat.
The Fourth of July was celebrated, all
the warships being decorated with all
their bunting and firing salutes of twenty
one guns promptly at noon. During the
morning hours Consul General Osborn re«
led cullers at the consulate, and fn
ained them with an excellent lunch,
during the afternoon the Radgcr en
nined all who chose to visit her.
mie of the wrestling and boxing
matches gotten up for the entertainment
of the guests and crew were of a very
exciting character. Boat races were also
started from the ship and well contested.
On this day and on hoard the Badger
("hief Justice Chambers tendered his
j resignation, which was accepted. But on
i a subsequent day at his request he was
: granted a. leave of absence for two
i months, on the expiration of which the
Ex-King Malietoa Tanu.
resignation is to come into force. This
was dune evidently for the purpose of
allowing this gentleman to draw >^\o
months' extra salary to cover some
traveling expenses which were claimed.
i>n tho st h of July the Commissioners
left Apia on the Tntanekai to visit dif
ferent points In Savail which were un
suitable for such a large vessel as the
Badger to call at.
I'onos. or native gatherings, were held
at many places, and the usual compli- i
m'tits exchanged and all invited to come
to Mulinnu on the 14th inst. to hear read
the proposition* which the Commission-,
ers are to make to the treaty powers con- [
cerning the new art to govern Samoan j
matters. This meeting was also gotten up
for the purpose of a general reconcilia- !
tion when the contending factions were
supposed to again make friends. The
Commissioners were very anxious that
Mataafa should attend, bin it is very
doubtful if he will do so. T'p to the pres
ent he has declared that he is now and |
forever out of Samoan politics; that his ;
late chiefs will all personally attend the
meeting and faithtully carry out any !
engagements they may enter into, but !
that he cannot give, his hand in frienrt T I
ship to such men as Tamasese and Tanu,
for if he did so he would he acting with :
a lie in his heart. He has no wish to :
meet them, or ever to hear of them again.
Three times the Samoan people have
elected him King of Samoa by great ma- j
jorities. and each time by outside influ- i
once the wishes of the people have been j
thwarted; he has himself never desired j
the office, and hf shall never again under
anj circumstances allow his name to he
used in connection with it.
During th-? fonos held on Upolu the
Commissioners were very much impressed
with the difference in appearance between
the MaJietoan and Mataafan factions,
two of the < 'ommissioners openly saying
that there can he no question but that
the Mataafans are intellectually, morally,
numerically and even physically greatly
the superiors.
On the Sth Inst. Herr yon Billow, lately
connected with the Samoan disturbances,
arrived here on one of the interisland,
boats, but he was urged by the Oierman
Cunsul to depart again for Tonga and to
remain there until matters here were in
a more, settled condition.
It is expected that at the meeting which
takes place on Mulinuu to-day the native
chiefs will accept the greater part of th«
suggestions offered by the < 'ommissioners
to the new government which they will
propose to thp powers. The natives will,
however, make this point: That the gov
ernment to be formed is more for the
beneiit and use of the, powers themselves
than for the natives; therefore, if heavy
salaries are to be paid as heretofore. th<*n.
they think the powers should themselves
pay a iust- portion of these charges.
Judge Milligan and W. Cooper are gPt
ting together all the evidence con^ernlne
the losses and damages occurring during
the latf hostilities, and it is believed that
the commission will recommend that all
honest claims should be paid.
An absurd rumor was spread a few days
ago to the effect that chief Justice cham
bers had been asked to remain here some
time longer by the Commissioners. I have,
unw the permission of one of the Com
missioners to say (and this story will be
published both in England and in Ger
many) that some days ago the commis
sion learned that Mr. Chamber? was
heard to announce thai he would stay
here yet another month.
Commissioner Tripp at once called upon
him and in a pleasant way said: "Well.
Chief Jusiice. r suppose you are getting
ready to leave us?" whereon the latter is
reported as saying: "I don't sec ju«t how
1 can do so this month; there are so many
things yet to do. In justice to others T
think [ OUffbi to stay over till August."
On this Mr. Tripp is reported to have di
roctl> told Mr. Chambers that it was
necessary for him to be plain and to ?av
that the Commissioners could not think of
leaving him here after their departure.
that his presence was detrimental to any
peaceful settlement: that all over Samoa
wherever the commission had h<->en there
scfnicd to be a general demand for Mr.
• 'hampers' removal, and that the commis
sion had so far as it could protected him
and did not feel that they should take any
more chances in the matter. After this
plain talking Chambers found that he
could not do those very important thing*
he had designed by working overtime and
running his court on the continuous per
formance plan.
A number of important matters have
thus been rushed through, regardless of
results so long as the friends of the re
tiring Justice would be served, and there
is not the slightest doubt that most if not
all of these matters will be heard again.
Most of the Samoan news published in
American newspapers comes through Co
lonial sources. bring cabled from Sydney
and from Auckland. It is always unreli
able and very often false statements are
designedly made for the purpose of mis
leading the American public.
These colonials are most anxious to have
the mother country annex Samoa, bellev
•Continued on Page Eighteen.12
q-i r-n OST uneventful of an the un
//v\/A\ eventful summer weeks was
// \/ \\ xhr ri Xot one
// / ' \\\ function I cial set to
ii JJiS \)> make merry at, and only one
bit : • • ting social u 1 ■*-
Bip, tl • Jerome Hart and Miss
to discuss.
■ ... to come is
lust gi :.■■ by. Th ■
-morrow natur
■
Is no
< return will at
t to vwy thi
t week has all
. joy.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank S. Johns* i: gave a
clambake at Point Pedro on Mond last
to about forty of their friends. The drive
from San Rafael was a very pleasant one,
many of the . testa going in their own
traps and the remainder in a larg hay
wagon. 'i he table was in the shape of a
cross, with a huge tree In the center, from
which hung a great number of Japanese
lanterns, and ringthe service of the dtn
ner and after there was music by a string
orchestra. \>. ong Mr. and Mrs. Johnson s
guests were: Mr. and Mrs. Fred H. Green,
Mr. and Mrs. K. \V. Kunyon, Cafttain B.
"W." rry, U. S. N., ana Mrs. Terry, Ad
miral Albert Kautz, L T . S. N.. and Mrs.
Kaut Mr. and Mrs. M. 11. de Young, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Bothin; Mr. and Mrs.
Marcus Gerstie, Mr. and Mrs. Wliham
oerstie Mr. and Mrs. ■ ■■■ orgi Heazeuon,
ilr-= H H. Warfield; Mrs. biarrison Dib
uiee' Mrs. Hush, Miss 1-. • anor Terry. Miss
Uii^s'e Alviiid, Miss Kieanor Morrow,
h;ps Therese Morgan, Miss Cora Smed
lifcrgi 3diss Edith Alcßean, Miss UHhel
ration. Miss Kate Dillon, Mis. A. 1- .
rv nu.er. Miss Lillian O'Connor, Judge
vVara M-A.ii.sui. \\ . Mi O'Connor, -\ a»
ter L. Dean; .-..,. ; H. Boardman, Emer
son Viuiueid, T. Bottom and Ben Hoha
"vlr. and Mrs. Henry l. i lodge ga\ c a
dinner part} on Thursday last at their
home in ban Rafael In honor ol the birth
ajL\ ol iheir r.ephew; T. Bottom. They
had <iuii>- a number of his young friends
to meet him! among th( m Mis: Kate Dil
lon. Miss Kthel Patton; Miss l'herese
Morgan, Miss Cora Smedberg, 41 ss r.'ii; i
Mcbeaii Miss Cu\ier Smitn, Btn Hoiia
day; Samuel ii. Boardman ai.d Mr. Crock
er "ci New York.
Mr. and Mrs E. NY. Runyon of Red
Bluff gave a dinner partj at i" San Ka
favl gttlf links on l-nuay evening last 10 a
number of their ads, among then be
tng Mr and Mrs. Fied H. Green, Mr. and
Mrs Frank «. Johnson, Carter P. Pom
erov Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Baron
J H. yon Schroeder; Miss Eleanor Terry,
Miss Gussie Alvord and Miss Alice Owen.
There is every prospect that the week's
outing at Del Monte in August, undi the
; uspices of the Pacific Coast Pony ttacing
and Steeplechase Association, will be ii
rreat success. AppUeaUona for rc>orn-i
irom August 21 on have Ueen so nurasi jus
ihat the hotel management ears v Will
not be able to accommodate all who widn
to be present; And the association is car
rying on its work in a most commei
manner. Its programme for the week, os
mapped out at eseni is as follows: .
August 21 ana 22, golf; yachting races;
24 polo matches and golf ; 5 bicycle
races baseball and golf, and 26, pigeon
snooting, golf and the pony races
\ letu-r lias been received by the «lirec
torate from Francis \V. Wilson, secratary
of the Santa Barbara County Polo Club,
in which lie states that the dub will send
a polo team to the uuting. not as repre
sentative of the club, which is a young
organization, but as representative ol
Southern California.
A banauet was held in San Mateo on
Saturday evening. July 22. by the mom-i
1.. rs of the San Mateo Hunt Club, rfev
entten gentlemen were present, an^l after
the repast they held a meeting to con
sider the more permanent organiaation
of the club. Xine directors were chosen
to manage the club's affairs, they being
John Parrott. J. J. Moore, Walter Scot:
H^i-art. Hugh Hume, Francis J. Carokin,
William OB. nough, E. Dupl<
B^yiard. J. Harry P. Howard and Dun
can Hayne. A committee, consisting of
Messrs. i bart, Carolan and Hayne. was
then appointed to select suitable grounds
at or near San Mateo, where the club' 3
kennels may be established. ■ .' ,'.-■
In the afternoon before the meeting
mest of the gentlemen present went, to
the track on the Hcbart farm to witness
two match races that had previously been
arranged. In the first Mr. Hobart's All-
Baba beat Mr. Hume's Harry Lewis over
a two-milo course, owners up. and in th«
second Mr. I iorman'B Flushington de
ffa(pd Mr. Snlivalo's Spavined Sal in a
quarter-mile dash.
They're Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. James McAllister have
issued invitations for the marriage of
daughter, Elizabeth May, to Charles
iur Sherman on Wednesday even
at 1320 Ellis street.
Mi and Mrs. M Ettling announce the
of their <";n tighter. Miss Ray, to
Is Sunday, August ti, at their
ccc, '> 6 Willow avenue.
Announcement lias been made of the
engagement of Miss Matilda Guroett,
i Mr. and Mrs. William J.
md, and Alfred P. Swain.
The wedding day has not been fixed, bur
r ent will be solemnized shortly. The
prospective bridr- has a wide circle of
la in Oakland, drawn to her by her
charm of planner and by her beauty.
Mr. Swaiii is a successful business man
• retary of the Union Consoli
dated Silver Mining Company. H<? baa
; with the' Acme Ath
sf Oakland for many years
■ Ithfully in ma ay
rai official positions. As' a wheel
man he Is known through State
havli - ■ esiden* of the < aliforaia
A ociated < Jycling < Hubs and a rider ef
tare ability hiinse'f.
The engagement is announced of \\
Levy of The firm of Mendelnon Bros to
Miss Laura Btenge of Dixon. They Will
ye Sunday. August 6, from 2 to 5
k, >it the residence of Mrs. R Levy
J2'. 1 Hayes street.
The engagement is announced of MNs
71. P. Hartman of this city and A. BWm
berg of Prescott. Ariz.
The wedding ; i f Mi.-s Rose Meyer -nd
E. O. Schetter will take place July 30 at
the bride's residence.
Weddiog Be!ls.
The nuptials of Edward Ewald Jr. and
Miss Emily W. Purcell were celebrated
Thursday evening nt the future residence
of the younsr couple on Willow street, near
Parnassus avenue. The ceremony was per
formed by Rev. John Stevens, pastor of
Simpson Memorial Methodist Eplscopual
Chi:rch. Only the Immediate relatives of
the contracting parties were present
George W. Osborn Jr. acted as best man
and Miss Lizzie Gay was bridesmaid. The
pretty new home of the young couple was
tastefully decorated with flowers and
ferns by Misses Amelia Purcell, the bride's
sister, and Lou Bwald, sister of the
groom. The conservatory and garden
were illuminated and presented a beauti
ful appearance. Many valuable presents
were received by the happy pair.
A pretty though quiet wedding occurred
last Wednesday, July 19, when Charles D.
Johnson and Jeannette Harter Plambeck
were united in marriage at the residence
of the groom's mother, 413 O'Farrell
street. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. Charles Edward Locke, at 3 p.
m.. and was witnessed by the immediate
relatives only. A dainty luncheon fol
lowed. The bride looked charming in a
simple gown of wh,ite organdy; trimmed
in Potnt d'Alencon lace. She carried a
bouquet of white carnations. The young
couple were the recipients of many hand-
Borne and useful presents from their many
friends. Mr. and Mrs. Johnson left on a
!' ghland Springs, after which they
will make their home in tills city.
riorne Gatherings.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Defkcirtz gave an en
joyable party last Sunday at their newly
horn..- at First avenue, near Cali
fornia street, in honor of their children,
John p. 1 .!.! Betty Lefkoirtz. Lhelr numer
ius friends (Wed the house from early
afternoon till the small h< sirs of the
morning. The house was btaui full; dec
.;. The : ■ ' i red In
ng, while the older folks were given
a rare musical treat by the guests con
tributing to the cxi - ■ni programme.
Tl c manj young friends of Joseph Allen
tin I him 1. ime Saturday. July 22,
from Paso Robles. where he hau been
ling his vacation, by giving him a
surprisi party at his i -'■ 0 Fol
som strei t. Th< si present wen : Miss Jes
sie Hamilton, Miss Margaret Guinee, Miss
Nellie Byrne, Mi?* Cora Beebe, .Miss
Edith Grant. Miss Loretta Poison, Miss
Maud l>ndergast. Miss May Mulane, Miss
Ruth Hart, Miss Bessie Lannan, the
MisseS Geneyieve and Loretta Byrne.
Miss I, izzit- Mulane; Masters Joseph and
Robert Allen. John Hamilton, George
Cain. John Grant. David Garvey, John
Hennessy. George Prang, Joseph Deasy,
Frank and James Mulane. Leo and Ed
mund Boale. Willie St. Clair, Tom and
James Byrne, Lawrence Xilson.
In the Future.
The Mystics' fifth anniversary and sou
venir party will be held at the* Native
Sons' Hall 'on Tuesday evening, Aur::-: 8.
The confirmation of Willie Crown, son of
: Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Crown, will take place ]
at the Geary-street Temple Saturday,
August 5. They will receive their friends
Sunday, August b, from 2 to 5 p. m., at
their residence, 344 Hayes street.
Club Parties.
The "ijoung People's Endeavor Society
I of the Olivet Pn-sbytf-rian Church, Dr.
Mathena pastor, presented a new feature
jin socials last night. Miss Ethel Cotton
i is chairman of the social committee, and
! assisted by Reberta Howard. Alex Da
! vies, Harry Lieb, and James Stewart,
gave the society, which consists of about
100 members, a beautiful surprise. The
church parlors were dec-orated to repre
! sent a garden and all lighted up with
| Japanese lanterns. An excellent musical
programme was presented, after which
refreshments were served.
The Monarch Social <'luh luld it? elec
tion on Sunday, July 2:V at its clubrooms,
1666 Post street. The rooms were prettily
' decorated in the national colors in honor
! of the return of Past President Tiilman
' R. Herring from the Philippine Islands.
The club elected Tiilman R. Herrinj? of
' Company i. Second Oregon Volunte irs,
! director. After election a repast \v:is
: partaken, in which the newly elected dl
i rector related his experience in the Phil
-1 Ipppines, which was enjoyed by all. The
following are the newly elected ofricrs
1 for the ensuing term of six months:
Tiilman R. Herring, director; S. L. Hoff
-1 man, president; S. Geligman. vice presi
dent; J. Levin, financial secretary; A.
Relnheart, recording secretary; M. -iein
heart, treasurer; B. Ansberg, sergeant at
arms.
Outing Parties.
On Sunday. July 1«, a delightful outing
party was given by Paul Plunkett and
Paul P. do Los at Fairfax. Luncheon was
enjoyed under the trees and during the
afternoon music was in order in the pa
vilion. The party returned in time to
; partake of an excellent supper provided
! for in the banquet hall of a downtown
rf-stmirant. After the usual toasts the
musicaj programme was continued until
; , late hour. Amorg those. present wru:
Miss A. P-hllbon. Miss K. MulvUle, Miss :
M. Kenrny, Miss M. Mulvilie, Miss L.
Buck Miss G. Kearny. Miss I>. Conroy,
Miss 'E Halloran Miss TO. Haynes. Mi S3
F. Goldman, Miss A. LowrJe, Miss E.
Launtz Miss Beamens, Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Kay 11 Van Kirk. F. Jenkins, C. A. Hall,
Leslie Cogglns, "W. H. Smith. Alex Bos
settl Harry Dawe, Henry Miller, Bert
Perry. W. H. Talbot, ML H. Clarkson and
others'.
The Muoheo Club gave its first moon- |
light outing on Sunday evening, July 22.
The members left the city about 10'
o'clock, accompanied by a Chinese band ]
composed of members of the club, and ,
went to Woodsidp. where they arrived In
the early morning. The officers of the
club are: L. Leon. past president;
J. Goldstone, president: J. Kenny, vice
president; J. Delaney, treasurer; E. Com
pagno, secretary; John Zazzi, sergeant-at
arms: G. Tfainor, J. Lowenstein, C. Carl
i son,, H. Ellis, S. Compagno, G. Vella.
Sailed Away.
The passenger list of the steamship Aus
tralia, which sailed for Honolulu on
Wednesday, July 26, was as follows:
F. A. Bennett. H. A. Buffum, Dr. J. H.
Buffum, H. J. Buntin, Miss Georgie Car
son, C. E. Cawley, George Compere, Ma
jor George G. Cornish, D. L. Davis, Frank
Dickey, Miss Belle Dickey, F. G. Feraud
and wife, Miss Ella Foye, Miss Tda Foye
Miss Clara M. Fuller, w. C. Gregg, M. H'
Grossmayer, A. Hazzard, T. W. Hobron,
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 30, 1899.
Miss A Johnson. R. B. Jones, J. P. Kelly, ! B. Morgenstern, of Coulterville.
M G King Mrs. v L. Knacke, Miss Lillian ! M». and Mrs. Henry Bode, Mr. and Mrs.
Lester F. M. Lewis, Miss J. Lotsperch, ; Henry Foertsch and family and Misses
Mrs, P. M. Lucas and child. Miss E. Lyn- : Lulu and Alma Bode are spending th<B
wood A. Marques. Louis McLane, David ; summer months at "Camp Idle Hours.
Mallison, Eugene Morln and wifo, Ed Pol- j Larkspur. •
litz E. B. Root, Miss Cora Smith, Miss , Profereor Edwin R. Gibson, who for tho
Helen Sidnf-v Smith. Miss M. E.-.Snyder, \ past two years has been teaching in Pa-
Mrs Wrav Taylor and child. IT. S. 1 Towns- ' hpa, Hawaii is the guest of hti ster.
end." Howard Truslow, Alclacq F. Walker Mrs. Mary E. Hart, at 10S McAllister
Wal^S Y^rf-Jlß^' ;i ' fct M-: S. B. Livingston (nee Rich) of SSt
- ' — 1- ' | nd will be at home at 108 OhJc street on
Wednesdays durins August.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles R. Heverin aro nt
Adams Springs.
Frank S. Kelly has returned from a trip
o the Sound ports and Victoria.
Miss' Bailie Stuart and Miss Annie Arm
trong have returned from an extended
tour in the south. .•
Major E. P. Enrigrht and Colonel John
Walters are at Gilroy Hot Springs.
The Misses Jennie B. and Lily M. White
have just returned from a fortnight's out
insr at Capitola.
Mrs. A. M. Lawyer Is now residing at
2312 Clay street.
Miss Lena Jonas has removed from 623
Turk street to 1019 Laguna, near Golden
Gate avenue.
Parsooals.
Mrs. H. P. Bush and Arthur C. Bush
have returned from their vacation at Ben
l.i mond.
Mrs. H. D. Hunt and family are spend
ing a few v.i . Us at Catalina Island.
Mrs. F. E. Lopez and sons of Los An
geles are visiting this city.
Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Kohlberg and fam
ily expect to leave San Francisco soon to
reside in New York City.
The following left for the Santa Cruz
Mountains, where they intend to spend
the summer: Mrs. Bouve, Miss Marie
Bouve, Miss Etta Bouve, Miss Eva Hen-
derson. Miss Else Henderson and F.
Browne.
Samuel Adelstein has returned from hia
summer outing in Northern California.
Mrs. H. C. Neff, accompanied by the
Misses Grace. Florence and Ethel Neff,
are In the city from San Jose.
Mr and Mrs. Martin Carrick, accompa
nied by their son and daughter. Master
Willie and Miss May, are about to return
to the city after a month's sojourn in the
Santa f'ruz Mountains.
Dr. Robert !">. Cohn is expected to ar
rivp In this city next month. He is at
present in New York after a stay of seven
years in Europe.
Mrs. Alex H. Cowen and sons of 1104
Eddy street have returned from a four
weeks' sojourn at Willow ('amp, near Bo-
Itnag.
Miss Rita M. McCarthy is spending her
summer vacation at San Leandro.
Nathan Joseph is taking a pleasure trip
through the northern part of the Pacific
coast, including the Yellowstone Park.
Mrs. M. Meyer and daughters, after
spending a month at Pacific Congress
HpritißP. have returned to their home.
1111 8 < '.olden Gate avenue. Mrs. Mover
ymi Miss Carrie Meyer will be pleased to
Bee their friends on the first Saturday of
each month.
Miss Kittle Biggins and the Misses Sara
and Francos Sullivan have just returned
from a short stay at Cazadero and Dun
cans Mills.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Middlehof and Mrs.
P. Flach of San Francisco, accompanied
by Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Seitz of Forest
city are at Lake Tahoe.
Miss Bessie T. Durkee has returned from
Cataltna Island and is visiting her cousin,
Mrs. Morton, of 108 North Flower street,
Los Angeles.
Miss Lillian G. Heller has returned from
an extended trip visiting relatives in New
York, Philadelphia, Chicago and Michi
gan.
Dr. Nathalie Selling has returned from
an extended southern trip.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Steinhart of Los An
geles are here on a short visit to their sis
ter, Mrs. Lapidaire, 1047 McAllister street.
Thomas Lundy and his daughters, Miss
Mabel and Abbeylaix, are visiting at the
Yosemite.
Mrs. Fred Trout of Sacramento Is a
guest at the Golden West Hotel. She has
returned from a visit to her sister, Mrs.
SOCIETY
Mrs. A. Jacobi and sons have gone to
the country for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Wollard of Oakland, ac
companied by Miss Catherine Brower of
San Francisco, will spend the next three
weeks at J,ake Tahoe.
Mrs. M. G. Jonas has returned from
New York and will bo at home on Thurs
day afternoon next at 2021 Pine street.
Mrs. L. Kuhn of Mary.sville is visltlnpr
her mother, Mrs. R. P.rown, in this city.
MiHS Lizzie Keenan of Nevada City Is
visit ing- Mrs. M. Sloan and family at 815'^
Geary street. ________
Los. Arjgeles.
If you want to find traces of the smart
set in Los Angeles you will be disap
pointed. There are. but fsw of them left
lin town. One by on<\ twos and threes
I and dozens they have left and are leav
ing Lob Angeles and tho heat for tlie cool
breezes of the beaches and mountains.
Santa Monica seems to bo getting back
some of Its lost popularity, and any num
ber of the local" four hundred are sojourn
iiiK there for the summer. Tormlrfal Isl
j and, from being simply a pretty, quiet
place for the summer, has becomo fash
j ionable as a resort. The opening of tho
new hotel has done much to help ih.-
Mrs. H. Z. Sale has been entertaining
house parties at her pretty cottage "Idle
Sails." Sho is one of the leading: spirit!
at this pretty; resort. It Is raroly that
anything, from a luncheon to a dinner
party, is given without Mrs. , Sain. In It.
This week things are particularly dull
here.
- Miss Irene Stevens gave a most delight
ful dinner party on Tuesday evening last.
Mrs. A. J. Waters will receive at the
i Hotel Westminster on Thursday, the 21st.
Mrs. Otheman Stevens is stopping at
I the Arcadia, Santa Monica.
Miss Irene Stevens has returned to
town after a most enjoyable outing in tho
mountains.
Misses Augusta and Henrlette H'einze
man, who are to be September bridea,
were given a Dutch supper by Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Krause at their residence on
Grand avenue. *The guests were: Mr.
and Mrs. Carl Kurtz, Miss Christine
Krutz, Miss Elsa Mllner. Miss Hattle Mil
ner, Edward Helnzman, Miss Augusta
Heinzmnn, Miss Henrietta Helnzman. Mr.
James Cashin and Mr. Edward Clarke.
A delightful garden party was Riven by
Mrs. Albert McFarland on Thursday af
ternoon at her home on Lucas avenue and
Arnold street, In honor of her grand
d.niKlitfr. Miss Nellie McFarland of Ohio.
Those present were Mrs. 1. M. McFar
iand, F. Booth, F. VManohnrd Brown, Guy
Cochran, A. C. Calkins, A. Podan Jouch.
nnd the Misses Jane Campbell, Minnie
Prentiss. Edith Kirkpatrlck. Maud Hill.
Mabel Hill, Gertrude Henderson, Bessie
Bugbee, Charlotte Uugbee. Violet Wig
iiiiir.-. Beatrice Wlgmore Rhone. Lucy
Hall, Mjulp Fleck. Kate L,andt. Lou Win
dor. Irene Stephens, Bessie Alexander.
Helen Binsabaugh, Maude Newell, Dor
othy Gruff, Grace Mellus, Fusie Howard.
Bird Chanslor, Louise McFarland, Yon
Wy metal, Uessa Bonsall. Klisa LJonsall,
Cochran. Isean. Gordan. Letha, Lewis,
Bessie Kills. Ada Williams and Miss
Schwartz of Germantown, Pa.
Great Interest has been taken here In
the open handicap tennis tournament
which has been going on the latter part
of the week at Redondo.
Mrs. Alexander H. de Prez and Mrs.
Thomas Watson gave a most delightful
"at home" on Tuesday last.
Dr. and Mrs. Walter Jarvis Barlow of
this city have sailed for a year's trip in
Europe.
The hop given at the Gordon Arms at
Terminal Island last night was well at
tended.
At the Resorts.
AETNA SPRINGS— The recent arrivals at
Aetna Springs include the following: Judge
J. M. Seawell. Mrs. J. M. Seawell. H. W.
Seawell, O. McAuliff and wife. Max Popper,
August Wilenbrock, Mr. and Mrs. W. A.
L<ange, Miss Ida Lange, J. W. Ijawrie. Charles
Hlnnlng, Miss I», Serrep, Mme. J. Serres, F.
Nordman. J. R. Shaw, S. E. Moore, A. L. Mor
genstern, Miss L. Renwick, George P. Thomas
and wife, A. N. Grant and wife. Miss M.
Stewart. P. Hnetcher. M. N. Bird. C. K. Bou
drow, San Francisco; E. H. Adams and wife.
New York: R. Fraser, Vancouver. B. C. ; A. E.
Sufr. J. J. Tnmpkinson and family, Mrs. K. j
H Lance!. Miss E. Ijinrel. Alameda; Dr. W.
L. Blodgett. Oat Hill mine; Mrs. M. D. Bird.
D. B. Hunter, Berkeley; A. N. Bell and wife,
Jiimfs Morris and wife. George P. Benvie, St.
Helena; G. W. Fisher, Mrs. G. W. Fisher,
Miss M. B. Fisher. Mrs. G. P. Spencer, Oak
land.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Late arrivals here
are: Mrs. W. R. Hervey and child, H. C.
ilieatt and wife, Seton Hieatt. Mrs. H. S.
Foote, Miss SherrarbV Mr. and Mrs. F. W.
Ilarrinian, Mr. and Mrs. William V. Bryan
and family, August Weihe. Mrs. K. Dore, Miss
M. E. Bement, Mrs. S. W. Royston and chil
dren, J. Cmißhlan, Frank P. Voght and family,
Philip Huntings and wlte. Henry Brunner and
wife, Fred F. Hobbs, wife and child: James
de Witt and wife, T. J. Bergln, Miss Kate M.
Mlhan, Mrs. J. A. Brickell. • Miss Kvadne
Brtckell, Miss Mabel B. White, Walter 11. Lin
forth Dr. Lagan, J. Platshek, M. J. Platshek,
W. .1. Girard. K. A. West, .1. H. White. Miss
F. White. W. C. Osliorn. -Viv. J. I".. Hopkins,
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder. Mies Scbrocder, Walter
Wright. JaniesA. liair.ii. David J. Costello.
Fred 11. Buahncll, W. F. Knapp. .f. W. Cof
froth Il.irrv K.prßan. W. H. V.'hlte, George
11. Fuller. MI?H ('. Brown, Miss it,, H. llumpti
reys, Mrs, s. Goodman, Miss Clara Scott, Mrs.
T. H. Price, Miss Blanch" Price. San Fran
cisco; C Travpr. Sacramento; Mrs. M. Brier
llnff. Miss B. BrlerlinK," Miss Brierllng, Dr. J.
8. AdamH and wife, Dr. 11. F. Sullivan, J. B,
McElroy, K. E. Brangs, Mrs. Henry Abraham
pon, Mrs. Henry Letter, Mrs. Henry Barrett.
i: M. Hall, F. A. Merrltt. J. P. Merrltt, T. M.
Humphrey*. Oakland; Hervey Darneal Jr.,
Almneda; Ben Allen, Woodland: Robert Fur
long, San Hafnel; Georjre D. Stephens, Misses
Btephenfl Woodland; Mrs. • Norman RlUeout,
lira. C, B. Kimball. Marysville; Mrs. W. P.
Dougherty, Miss Anna Keefe. San Jose; J. H.
Btawell and wife, Uklah; Mrs. J. E. Crooks,
Mi»H Crooks, Haywards:. H. S. Klnsell. San
Lor«nzo ; J. P. 2eiif, Grass Valley; H. W.
Lttnd, Miss May Lund, Dr. D. D. Crowley, Mrs.
L. M. Hayos, Oakland; J. Lebon, G. F. Sara
mento. Q. L. Mendoca. J. S. Silva. San Lean
dro; (t. P. Bartell, Mrs. Walter'J. Dyer. James
W. DufTey, Mrs. E. I^atapie, Mrs. R. D. Bond
and -liild. D. B. Wilson and wife. F. C. Self
ridge and wife, John Sroufe, Dr. ■ E. Windele,
Mrs. A. Flanapan, San Francisco.
CARLSBAD SPRINGS— The following: have
registered at Carlsbad Sprines: C. F. Miller,
F. Mcßrlde, W. J. Ford, E. F. Fond. Oakland;
F. Andenson. W. Anderson, Kenwood; G. H.
Grove and family, Vncavltle; Mr. and Mrs.
Hastlnps. A. R. Hur.d. Llzzio Plorce, W. A.
Le.wis, T. Hughes, W. .Semper, San Francis
co;. J. A. Norbie. Santa Rosa.
FERNDALE MINERAL SPRINGS— During
the past week the following guests registered
at the Ferndale Mineral Springs: - Mrs. J.
Smith. M. S. Smith, Searle Nevlns, Mrs. F.
J. Woodward, H. E. Henderson, Oakland; J.
E. Fouldsi, Anita A. Lien, San Francisco; Mrs.
J. McCann, M. Taggart, Martinez; Miss Phoebe
Powers, Eenicia; Earl Tompklns. Vinehill.
Gn.ROY SPRIXGS— The following guesta
hare registered a< Gilroy Hot Springs fiuiing
! the past week: .1 Roy Phelpa. W. Roeder and
'■ wife, San Joso: K. F. Armstrong, J. Haydon,
] Mrs. Allen. Mrs. Geary, Thomas McGlynn.
i Albert Meyer R \V. Walker, F. I-. I'ritrhard
and wife, Joseph Prltchard, Leslie Pntohard.
J J Mahoney Frank Oliver. .lame:- Christie.
I J. F. Kelly, Joseph Mahcney, Katherlne Kelly,
; Houghton Sawyer, 11. Tlmmerman, C. ( i
('. Day Captain Cross, Captain Sargent. Father
1" R Lynch, E. F. Enripht, John B. Walters.
James A. Sargent and wife. D. Meyer, Nick
Pantelldea San Francisco; Peter Cattey, Ri<>
! II Frost, Dawson City; T. P. Eintgh,
Miss Lillian Peterson, lletba Peterson Kunnle
i Peterson, Lawrence King Peterson. Geraldme
Peterson Guatav Schneider. Oakland: W. Steul
and wife, R. Cross, W. H. Hardlnj?. C. Steaven
•on and daughter. Buffalo; W. Stamp. Dr. J.
i Strong and wife, W. Brooks and ion. W. Cling,
C B. Cardwell, M P. Owens, W. G. Mack
' and wife, Rochester; Miss M. C. Dougherty,
■ Miss J. C. Dougherty, San Juan; Mrs. C. Paul
sen and daughter, Clarence Paulson, Mrs. H.
Holden and eon, Portland: J. H. R. William
son, Los Angeles; E. H. Stein, Santa Clara;
George E. Sheehan, Santa Cruz; W. H. Weeks,
Watsonville; E. A. Tyroll, A. W. Maraisch,
Manila, P. I.; Mrs. Frank Rodgers, Miss Eva
Rodgers, Gilroy; T. W. Oliver and son. Miss M.
Sheldon, Santa Cruz; Jack Desmond and wife,
Sargents; Joseph F. Nolan, Xew York; Major
Hall and wife, Los Angeles; Anson Peterson,
1-ee Shean Adeline Shean, Bessie Shean. Miss
Linda Shean, Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Peterson,
Oakland; Captain Clancy, San Mateo; Captain
Hackett, Sacramento: Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Schneider, Chicago; W. Meagher, Xlck Man
ning, Mr. and Mrs. E. Painter, San Francisco;
H. W Hanly, Watsonville; W. N. Gibson,
Morris Keilberg, C. C. C. ; J. Eagan, P. R.
Steams, William G. Steams, Samuel Goss, Jack
Maeree. Kan Francisco.
MOUNT VIEW— The list of late arrivals at
Hotel Mount View includes: Miss M. Sullivan,
Mrs. J. F. Orman. H. Donegan, Mrs. F. J. Xys
ter. Miss Hulse, Miss Hannalla Moore. Mrs. W.
C. Walker, W. If. Hammond and wife, George
W Wise D. B. Bentley. Mrs. Coughlin, Isaac
I.iedro, Miss Habernicht. Miss Nellie Marty
land, Mrs. F. H. Levy. Francis L. Beckhuson.
Miss Mabel Dodge, Miss Hattle E. Reyman.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Lowengrund. Miss Madie
Goodman, Miss R. Sullivan, Mrs. F. Rich
| mond. Mrs. W. L. Growall. Miss Alice Hulse.
1 Mrs. D. A. Hulse, Miss Francis O'Xeil, R. F.
Halght. August Lohr, Karl Furmann, Mr. and
Mrs. Arthur Lewis. A. A. Louderback, Miss
Eva Herold, Mr. and Mrs. George Habernicht
Jacob Heyman, Mrs. F. A. Haber, Mrs j'
Heyman, Miss S. Clayburgh. Miss Birdie Good
man. Mrs. Emanuel, Miss N. Xewman Mfss
Ida Schwerdt, Mrs. George Uhl. L. V. Merle
Mr. ' Leonard, -Mrs. H. Watermann, Miss H #
Son, Miss Ottlle I.eonhart. Theodore Blnnck
enberg and wife, Mr. and Mrs. George Fritoh
Allan L. Duncan, Grace L. Trevor. Harrison
Brook and wife, M. V. Merle. Mrs. I. L Flood
Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Batchelor, Mr. arid Mrs'
F. F. Barbour, Mr. and Mrs. George Franks'
Mr. and Mrs. Harpham. A. J. Buckley X
Watson, Professor Bonelli and wife ' Miss
Eleanor Uhl, Mrs. L. I. Cahn, Mr and Mrs.
R. w. Coffin. Mrs. C. Sissler. Miss Blanch
Son, Miss Ida Son, G. Blanckenberg Aliss
Alma Son, Mrs. A. O. Duncan. Mr and Mr«
R. W. Davis, Mr. and Mrs. W. p. Harrison'
Miss Kmll Kehrleln, Louis Raynaud Jerome
Backus, Mr. and Mrs. S. Marcus Miss C
Cart.-r, Mr. and Mrs. H. detmann'. Mr and
Mrs. Mbrshead. w. Lanflry, i{. Robinson Mr
and Mrs. C. P. Nathan. . .
A moat successrul and brilliant vandevflt*
entertainment was given at the hotel Saturday
evening, July 15. The programme was well
rendered, and each artist fully deserved the
applause given as n tribute to iiis or her
tnlentF. Aranng thos<? who entertained the
brilliant and lar^p assesblage wera: Mis 3 May
Ludlow, H. Ahp-l. Hiss Victoria Orr, Theodore
lUake. Miss Blsts Levy. James Ludlow Ml?^;
Clara Heyman, M V. Merle, little Oeorgetta
Orr. I^nuls Felix Raynaud.
Saturday evening. July 22. one of the most
enjoyable hops of the season was given. The
ladies presented a very pretty appearance in
their licht summer gowns. A euchre party
will be given, In the near future. :" . •
SARATOGA SPRINGS— The following were
the arrivals at Saratoga Springs during the '
week ending July 2G: J. P., Hallinan, William j
T. Barnee. K. H. Lyons, Zan Lyons. D. T.
Barnes and wife, I. L. Barnes, Miss Kily Ma- j
honey. Miss Myra Mahoney, M. A. Monahan, i
C. S. Bell, W. T. .riaistechke, George R. Van- |
duzen. Miss Belle Vanduzen, G. Marx, J. G. I
Granberry rind wife, O. P. Bartel, P. J. Bates, ;
Edward Fitzgerald. Miaa Frances Fitrserald. i
Miss Evaline Power, B. B. Morrison, wife and }
child, S. Rosenheim, . Morris - Keyca. George
TflalTe, James L. Wilson, Harris Wilson. James
Mapes n nd wife,- Ms McConnell, Miss May
Greene, T. a. Greens and wife. Miss Julia
Greene, B. Weimer, Steve Weimer, Miss L. ;
Welmer, Dr. F. T. Ramsey and wife, Mi.ss
Emily Ramsey. Walter Ramsey, Charles J. Me- ;
Connell, Ethan Dunemore, John M. Moore, j
Peter B Smith Jr., San Francisco: E, Albert
son, C X>. Qulmby, S. R. Plunkett, Alexander
Boyle Kew York; Eugene D. Polk, Edgar A. | t
Lathrop and wife, Oilhert Aiken, fsus M >•«■»»
Mr? G Meyers. Anita Meyers, Henry Abra
hamson, Elvin Bradley, Martin Bradley. Mia«
I,:zzie Bradley, Miss Xellie E. I.amb, Oakland;
l>r J Herbert Reeve, S M. Babcock, wife and
child. Vallejo; Thomas A. Decker, I. R. Xorria,
Xapa; B. J. Carroll and wife, Stockton.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— ar» the
arrivals for the past we»>k at the springs: Mrs.
D. Cutler, William Erfey, Master Fritz EfTey.
A. T. McDermott, J. W. Wissinger, T» R.
Jones, Mrs. 1,. R. Ellert, Miss Fannfe Mnrtin.
Master Arthur Kllert, T. G. Crothers, Frank
Gomez, John Murphy. M. Brandenstein. San
Francisco: T. J. Field, Monterey; James An
derson and wife, Mrs. John Crothers, San Jose:
Master Carl Strecker, August Strecker, Misa
Jessie Soberanea Soledad* X. A. Dorn. • Sa
linas: C. T. Romle, Monte Carlo; R. M. Ferrer.
Gonzales; A. M. Johnston and \yife. John Wer
ner, W. T. Forsythe and wife, Santa Cruz;
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Klnoaid, Alameda.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS— Late arrivals
here include: George A. Newbold, Mrs. .1. P.
Jones. Master Huch Jones, Mlbh Gwen Jonee,
Mrs. Solon H. Williams, W. H. Balfrey. George
T. Baldwin, W. E. Price and wife. A. G.
Stoll. ('. W. Baird, A. L. Foster, J. G. Pierce.
Fred Turner, H. E. Cook. James C. Kays,
George Mason. Dean Mason. X. C. Egbert, W.
F. Dasha and wife, R S. Btryker. William
Gunther, W. M. Ladd, B. G. Magoon and wife.
R. W. Marple. Kdson L. Foutke, Judge John
Hunt and wife. W. D. Duke, C. S. Andrews,
C N. Sterry, Mrs. C. N. Sterry, Miss Sterry.
Miss Ruth Sterry. Homer Sterry, H. Laughlfn
Jr.. Miss Riordan. J. C. Cerf, H. I^inn, W; J..
Briker, Will Todd, Charles O. Henry, George
B. Deter, B. Hooper. J. X. Teal, E. C. Cross.
BYRON HOT STRINGS— Thos* who regis
tered at Byron Hot Springs the past week in
cinde: F. D. McCarthy, H. Strohn, Leo K^s
minsky, Mrs. A. H. Kay. Mr.v \V. Davis, Mrs.
Y. Roth, A. Veanberjr. J. H. Langtry, Miss M.
E. Dougherty. Miss Alice Kelly. Martin Kelly,
Ed Curran, P. J. Finnppan. (I. Ruistt-lipr. J.
Regan Mrs. J. Regan. W. .7. Gohram and son.
B. Kepplch and wife, Mi's M. Proellck. Mrs.
Newman. D. L. Olds. MifH Florence McCoy, W.
Davis, S. Escalle, Herman K^hlincr. Kmil Si
mons, J. H. McDonald. M. M. Freto and wife.
T. Roth, Mrs. W. J. Gohram. W. E Bridge. J.
E. Kinden, W. P. Honan, M. .T. Sullivan. T.
J. Welch, E. Fownf-r. Mrs. MacGllllvary.
George P. O'ConnelJ, William Dolan and wife.
F. E. Setdel. Henry Rhine. B. Flaherty, from
San Francisco; Miss Florence McCoy, J. M.
Carr, Miss Ida C. Meyer, Alma Olsen, I'aniol
J. Desmond, A. Carlsen. .Teane Rr>?pbpre. from
Oakland; James. Oppenheimer, Mrs. E. F.
Mitchell, Mrs. Knhl, H. D. RiDP^ndpn. MtM
F. Rlgney, Mrs. E. Mlchell, from Sacramento;
H. P. Elliott, from Los Angeles: J. C. Hend*r
sen, from Merced; John R Peterson, E. Mer
rlana and wife, from Fresno; L. Lachman.
from Portland; Captain E. Johnson. James Mc-
Coffrey, Ed Henderson Jr., from Sonora; R. J.
Trimble and wife, from New York; R. L.
Douglas, Mrs. R. Doujrlas, from Berkeley; B.
Alexander. Chicago; C. W. Doubrow, from Mill
Valley; Mrs. W. A. Sullivan. N. E. Desmond,
N. A. Sullivan, from San JoM.
SKAGGS SPRINGS— The following guests are
registered here: Miss Freda Meyer, Miss
Saidee E. "Walsh. Max Getz. Dr. B. F. Aldin,
Dr. C. E. Parent, Miss Lettlcia C. Rlley, Miss
Lily Meader, C. A. Dealer, G. L. Dealey, Mrs.
M. Bulger, Miss Emma F. Bulger, J. A. Ab
bott, W. C. Dlebert, Miss Lulu Mulgrew,
George D. Lucy, Charles Bryant, J. Blumheln,
Miss Helen Lynch, James W. Finn, J. G. Finn.
Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Webster, Charles W. Pike,
C. McColgan, Martin King, Mrs. Lavln, Mre.
Webb, Miss Ida Webb, Dr. and. Mrs. W. O.
Wllcox. Judge and Mrs. G. A. McGowan. J.
T. Brady. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Stein. Danle!
Stein, Mlas Irena Sftn. San ford Pto'.n. Mr.
and Mrs. G. H. Morrison, Mr?. L. Euphrat.
Mrs. H. Nathan. Melville Nathan, Caroline
Nathan. Mr. and Mrs. Morris Pinous. John J.
Thorburn, Mrs. Mac T. Thomas. S. Berco
wltat Mr. and Mrs. Theodor pierks. Miss
Marie Qrury, E. Dufans and family, Ralph
Plncua, Mrs. W. L. Powleoon. Miss Grace XL
Powleson, S. Raphael, A. Jarvle, S. Jarvte, C.
8. Crlttenden. Mr. and Mrs. C. P. Benedict,
Mr*. M. L. Mathews. Mrs. J. A. Drlnkhouse.
Mr and Mrs. P Rossi, child and nurse, Mr.
and Mrs. T. Phillips, F. C. Gaston. A. Schnei
der. Mrs. J. Lenlhan and family. Mrs. J.
Relley and son. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Cook.
James Burns, W. R. Cohn from San Francisco:
Mrs. William A. Inghum. Seattle; Dr. J. Durst.
Wheatland; H. D. Pierce. Cnlma. Cal.; J. J.
Roach. Ontario, Cal. ; A. L. Leaem, Eureka;
Max Friedlander. Chicago; Mr. and Mrs. A.
F. Purdy, Lawrence, Cal. ; R. W. Tully,
Berkeley; George T. Hawley. W. J. Whitney,
Mr and Mn. J. C. Collins. Mrs. Kreyer.hagen,
R. H. Davlß, Oakland; C. W. Mar-loon, Ala
meda; Mrs. I. G. Wlckersham. Miss Llzzla
wickersham. Petaluma: W. J. Doggett, O. O.
W : ebber. J. L. Seawell. Mr?. ftleO. Martin.
Mrs. F. Halgh. Santa Rosa; W. C. Harlan.
William 8. McCluskey, Miss Mary King. James
P. Ellis, L. M. Brown. Henldsburg; Mr. and
Mrs. P. L. Dehay. Cloverdale: Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. Hanson, Miss Ella Ward, James P.
Guernl, Lyttons; Miss Hallengren. Dry Creek.
ST'MMER HOME FARM- The following
guests registered at Summer Home Farm dur
ing the week: From San Francisco — R. Fen
ner, Mrs. R. Kenner, Paul Fenmr. Clara Fen
n«r, S. Mlsh. Mrs. S. Mish, Rosebud Mleh and
Florence Mlsh.
JOHANNISBERG-- Late arrivals at Johannli
berg. Oakvllle. Napa. County. Cal.: George A.
Morrison. Berkeley; Mrs. Burmelster. Mist
Anna Pooley, Mlse K. N. Pooley, Captain
Fanderllss, E. B. Cassier. E. Bruce Elliott and
wife. Miss G. N. Morrison, L. Abraham and
son, Mrs. A. L. Abraham, C. C. Benson and
wife, H. Snyder and wife. Miss May F Dew-
Ing, F. Brown. O. A. Foreter and wife F.
Ehlers and family, Mrs. X M. Ehlers, K. L.
Jansel, Ben Curtaz and family, Miss A. L.
Lindner, B. N. Mann. Miss M C. Cunningham,
Mrs. Carrie Walsh and ohild, J. Olsen, San
Francisco; Mrs. J. L. McElwee, Fred Gould
and family. Master F. Gould. Miss L. H.
Oold. Alameda; Miss M. Boyce. Miss Caroline
G. Perry, Oakland: P. S. Roberts. Bakersfleld;
Miss C. H. Tourian. San Francisco: J. T.
Fealey, William E. Fealey. Miss Agnes Fealey
Oakvllle; Albert J. Cases, Inglenook: Miss R.
Wolff, Oakland; L. C. Anders. Cftlistojja.; P.
L. Astor, Portland; Louis Goodday, San Fran
claco.
HOTEL. METROPOLE— Amons? the late ar
rivals at the Hotel Metropole. Santa Catallna.,
are: Charles A. Voglesang. A. L. Young. Mrs.
H. Suislelmer, Stanley Suislelmer. Edgar Suis
lelmer, Spoor Markey. Mrs. Ppoor Markey.
Wallace Markey. A. R. Pommu and wife,
George 3. Grant, Charles E. Stokes, Miss E.
J. Foley and F. Chester.
BELVEDERE— The puest of Hotel Belvedere,
with some of their friends, played progressive
euchre on Thursday evening at last week.
There were eight table? and thp contest for
the handsome prize? was animated. The vic
tory was won by Mr«. K. Scott, who was
awarded first prize. The second prize was won
by Charles Kenyon, and G. Howard Thompson
won the consolation prize.
After the same refreshments were served
and a social hour enjoyed.
A Silver Anniversary.
Next Saturday nipht will be the silver
annivprsary of the institution of Templar
Rebekah Lodge, O. O. P., of this city,
and the event will be celebrated by a
party in the '.orlee's hall In the Odd Fel
lows'" building.
Advances m?.de on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. .T.Norman, 1017-1023 Mission.
There Is no hair dye made that does not
show— it never elves a. natural color to th«
hair, but in- „ _ Ftead, that
dead, luster- HlllllAV 1 less effect
that Is worse BU U Iff U | than the
cause. Mr '- liOiOl Nettie Har-
rison's 4-day ■ ■ W 1I *r.« Ha , r Re-
storer is not mp± a dye; it Is
a harmless M B%IA preparation
that gives jg g V;f SJ to gray or
faded hair ff[Jg W the nourish-
ment it j^ . nee to
bring back ■ ■ ■ the natural
color. No JJQll* disagreeable
after efTeote, If 1 1 ;no sticki-
ness, cleanly | | |^| | ] to upe. It re-
stores quid;- ly and per
manently. 91.OI). All Druggists.
Superfluous Hair Removed
Permanently by the Electric Needle aa
Used by Me.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST, . *
4-O-4-2 Geary St.. San Francl.co ,WELCOME HOME
FOR SOLDIERS
OF CALIFORNIA
Royal Reception for
the Heroes.
THE COMMITTEE AT WORK
NAVAL PARADE THAT WTLL BE
ON A GRAND SCALE.
Stroets Illuminated by Electricity
for a Night Festival— To
Protect Warriors'
Valuables.
If the California volunteers now on their
way home from the Philippine Islands do
not receive a royal reception upon their
arrival home It will be on account of
something unforeseen happening. It is
going: to take money, time and thougrht to
make their homecoming one of the great
events in California history, but these
will be liberally expended. Th© special
committed appointed by the Board of Su
pervisors to receive the volunteers met
yesterday. Mayor Phelan, A. M. Law
rence, W. J. Martin and Secretary McPike
being present. The subject of finances
wae well discussed. Mr. Martin ptated
that the reception to the returning sol
dU»r« of the Golden West— and of all sec
tions, for that matter — should be one in
keeping 1 with the well-esta-blished reputa
tion of this State of never doing things
by halves. For all purposes nt least $50.
--000 will be necessary, and all members of
■oclety should have an opportunity to con
tribute to the fund. As the matter had
been presented to many, the following
gentlemen agreed to serve as a finance
oommittee, to solicit funds from the or
ganizations and bodies which they repre
sent:
R. J. Tobln, Police Department;
Commissioner Bohen, Fire Depart
ment. A. B. Spreckf>ls. Park Commis
sion; Edward Poiletx. Stock and Bond
Exchange: George W. McNe&r, Pro
duce Exchange; A. A. Watson, City
Board of Trade; W. J. Button, Fire
Underwriters: A. Sbarboro, Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association; W.
Schroeder and John Siemen. Turners;
Samuol Hammond, Butchers' Board of
Trade; C. B. Stone, Brewery Associa
tion; H. T. Scott, I'nion Iron Works;
S H. Kent. Builders' Exchange; R.
J. Howard. Elks: H. Lunstedt, Native
Sons of the Golden "West; Reuben H.
Lloyd, Masonic order; George T. Shaw,
Odd Fellows; T. C. Masteller. Grand
Army: \V. R. Smedberg. Loyal Legion;
E. 1. r-'hoehan, Ancient < Tier d" Hiber
nians; A. W. Barrett, bankers; Frank
Leach ar.d John I. Jackson, Federal
-. Charles Nelson. Chamber of
Commerce; George A. Newhall, Mer
cantile Library; K. A. Denicke, Me
chanics' Institute; H. Eppinger, Mer
chants' Exchange: I. Herzberg, Pacific
Bto< k Exchange; R. P. Scheverin, John
D. Spreckels, George Crocker, A. \v.
Foster. W. A. Bissell, J. B. .Stetson,
transportation companies; George H.
Bahrs. A. O. U. \\\; J. Samuels. For-
esters; George K. Rodgers, Woodmen
of the World; J. H. Neff, State
Miners' Association; J. L. Requa,
Thomas Prather, W. G. Hensbaw, W.
B. Palmanteu, Oakland; Chief Justice
Beatty. Supremi Court; R. V. llayne,
Bar Association; S. Haskill, V. .1. L;
Colonel George St«>ne, I'nion League;
I. F. Byington, Iroquois; N. E. Lam
pey, Herman's Sons; 1!. J. Garland,
Druids.
Organizations not hero nainr-d will be I
recognized soon, and committees selected
therefrom. There was much discussion as
to the features of the reception, and it i
wns decided that there should be a naval '
parade of all of the craft on th»- bay
tbat can be brought into line upon the ;
trrival of the transports. Also that there
will be a night parade, which for grandeur:
Bhall excel anything that has ever been !
witnessed in this city. Electrical effects;
■will form no small part of the attractions
along the line of march. Mayor Phelan
suggested that the arrival of the troop
ships might be most inopportune for the ■
arrangements of the committee, and that
the water craft would not learn that their !
cc was desired in time to escort the
ships in. Mr. Laurence remarked that
should be arranged by securing an ;
order from the transport department to
the pilots to 1."!'! the incoming- vessels
outside f.ir two hours.
Secretary McPlke called attention to the
arrival .if General < irn r. t years ago, when
BO warning was given, yet the people were
ready and did pive him a timely reception.
From what was stat>>,i there Is no doubt
but what three big ferry boats will be se- I
cured to carry passengers in the naval '
parade. It was agreed to sell the tickets
fur a trip on these vessels at 00 cents j
each, and this will add a considerable sum :
to the fund. At least $5000 will be re-
Quired to make the naval parade a sue- |
oss. and about $2'»"0 is now in sight. In I
order that th^ naval feature may be un- j
d>-r a responsible head It was decided to j
request the Board of Harbor Commission
ers, through Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Me-
Pike, to attend to this matter.
T'pon a resolution by Mr. Martin, It was
decided to send invitations to the Mayors
and members of the Common Councils of;
Oakland. Berkeley, Alameda, San Jose,
Bausalito and San Rafael to participate !
In the celebration. Similar invitations will i
be sent to all fraternal organizations. C.
M. Troppman ar:d Police Sergeant Green,
on account of having several sons among
the volunteers, were added to the recep- j
tion committee. Attention was called to
a mistake In regard to headquarters,
which will be established In Union square
Instead of Golden Gate Park. Two large
t^nts will be erected, where all business
will be transacted. A big Hall safe is to |
be placed in one of th*>sv tent? for the re- '
caption of the money collected by the :
committee, and, more important, for the
pafe keeping of the money and valuables !
of returning soldiers.
About 20,000 soldier warriors will be mils- i
ter*>d out here, and they should have some !
place for the safe keeping of their money, j
SO that when they decide to leave!
to-xn they will be provided with funds. !
Otherwise many would lose their money ■
and be in straitened circumstances when !
the time came for them to go away. The
next meeting will be held on Tuesday at
4 p. m. In the Mayor's office.
THE HOME COMING.
Activity in Arranging for the Recep
tion of the California Volunteers.
The greatest interest Is now being- man
d In the arrai.gements that are In
jirogres" for the welcoming of the Cali
fornia boys on their return. In order to
centralize the business of the several
crganizations that have joined hands to
ip a fitting welcome the joint recep
tion comm the Native Sons and
Daughters lias tendered the use of the
headquarters in the <';ilifornia Hotel to
the executive committee of the citizens'
e-eneral commit
The. ;:• tion of the joint meeting to allow
Ihe relatives two hours at the ferry land
ing, where they will provide a breakfast
f ir the soldiers, has relieved the Natives."
• ommittee of a rt<;i! deal of anxiety, as
H was afraid that unless such an arrange
ment had be r. reached there would have
been a rushing Into the ranks when rela
tives should see ; '<" one they so lung
. roked for, In the parade, to embrace that
c, which in a measure would retard the
movements of the column.
To-day there will be held the final re
hearsaJ for the minstrel show in aid of the
reception fund and on Wednesday next all
the new jokes which the performers have
been gathering up will be sprung on the
audience. ______________
Chinatown Inspection.
Dr. William Lawlor of the Board of
Health has taken decisive action on the
cases of bad sanitation reported to him
by the squad of police and health inspect
ors at present engaged In Chinatown. Yes
terday he issued notice to property owners
In that section whose properties have
been reported that they must
beerln necessary improvements witJi
in sixty hours or suffer arrest. While the
sanitary condition of the Chinese quarter
lp much better than for years past, there
is still much room for improvement. Some
frightful- cases have been reported, and
these Dr. Lawlor is resolved to remedy.
DISHEARTENED
MINERS RETURN
FROM SAN ROQUE
Reached Here on the
Steamer Curacao.
HEALTH AUTHORITIES EVADED
CAPTAIN MEYER. OF THE JOHN
C. POTTER DID IT.
Philo Tryon Injured at the Ferries.
Z. C. S. Bowman Broke His
Jjtig While on His Way
to St. Luke's.
The frozen north Is not the only place
that gold hunters are returning from with
tales of woe. Some came back yesterday
from the torrid plains of San Rogue on
the steamer Curacao. They say the place
is nothing but a "tailings camp, " and a
man is doing well who makes $1 50 a day.
The Curacao brought up forty-seven
cabin and thirty-seven second-class pas
sengers. Among them were Merceliiis
Herriaa and Jose Somelhera, wealthy
merchants of Enscnada, who are here on
business and pleasure. They say the San
Rogue boom Is dead and that very few
people are loft on the field outside of those
who were there when the rush began.
W. W. Lrfjwis and C. H. Junker are two
! of the miners who came back on the Cura
i cao. Mr. L*wie has a small quantity of
: gold in a glas vial, which he brought
home with him as a curiosity. The gold
Is worth about $2 75, and it took Mr. Lew-
Is three weeks to pan it out of the San
Rogue sand. Mr. Junker Is crippled with
rheumatism, and that is all he has to
i show for his gold hunt in Mexico. Both
these men have been In placer mines in
almost every gold countr> on the face or
the earth, and both are unanimous in
saying that San Rogue is the worst spot
i they ever struck.
"There were only about fifteen Ameri
■ cans left on the tield when we left." said
Mr. Lewis yesterday. "All the remainder,
' to the number of 5W or tWO. were Mexicans
or Indians. There would have been a
| great deal of suffering had not the Mcxi
! can Government sent the gunboat De.mo
crata to take us away. On her last trip
she landed about 100 of us at Ensenada.
i and from there we have made our way
home.
"The Mexican Government made no
charge for mining. They sent an expert
and he reported the fields as worked out.
There is no doubt that years ago San
Koque was one of the richest placer min
ing camps the world has known, but it
has been worked and worked, until now
there Is nothing left but the tailings.
There was no suffering except for water.
That article was bad and very hard to
get. It was carried to the <-amp on mules
and it cost me 33 1-3 cents a day for what
1 used. That was more than 1 ever took
out of the ground In one day. The most
I ever saw taken out at one time was $!S
worth of dust. It was got fn>m the roots
of an uprooted tree. Next day the miner
took out $•> worth and the next day he
could not get anything.
"The Mexican Government was very
good to everybody at the mines. There
were a great* many poor people idle ami
It was thought they might njakr a living
at San Rnque. When it saw that the
place was overdone, the Democrata came
and took us away. I don't want any more
San Koque in mine."
Dr. L. Eiaen, who has been in Lower
California for the Academy of Sciences,
also returned on the Curacao. Dr. Els^n
brings back with him a very valuable col
lection of natural history objects. H
shis there has been no rain in the cet
tral part of Lower California for fou
years, and everything would have dl» •
nad it not been for irrigation. He dU
not visit the San Rogue goldnelds, bu
he heard enough of them from disap
pointed gold hunters wnom he met at va
rlous points during his travels.
There was a rush of people tn the wate
front yesterday morning. Some aenseles
person notified the Eureka planing mill
that one of the transports was comin
in, and in consequence the siren wa.
blown. All the other whistles on the fror
took up the refrain and soon thousand
of people were asking what transport wa
coming In. For three hours the clerk
at the Merchants' Exchange were kep
busy answering telephone calls and teil
lng'people that it was a false alarm and
no transport was in sight.
Captain Meyer of the American ship
John C. Potter did a very clever piece
of work the other day and Incidentally
outwitted the Honolulu Board of Health.
The Potter was loaded and cleared at the
Custom-house, but was short two of her
crew. Captain Meyer seeurud these on
Saturday afternoon and notified the doc
tor to come down and give him a bill of
health. The medico had an important en
gagement, but nevertheless went to the
Potter. When he got there the two men ]
had not arrived, so the doctor departed.
saving he would give the bill of health
on" Monday. This did not suit the cap
tain, and when his men came aboard he
sailed without It.
The health authorities at Honolulu were
anerv over the sailing of the Potter, and
at once notified the Collector of Customs ;
at Port Townsend. The agent of the yes- f
pel applied for a clean bill of health to
forward to Captain Meyer, but it was
refused him. Meyer suspected that he
■would have trouble, so when he. reached
Port Townsend he kept the tugboat along
side the ship. Going ashore he tele
graphed to Captain Charles Nelson, the
owner to find out If the bill of health
had arrived. When informed that It had
not he went aboard and ordered tne tug
to take him to Victoria. B. C. A few
hours later the John C. Potter was in the .
capital of British Columbia, and there- j
Meyer entered his ship. He explained his
failure to have a bill of health and then j
took the statutory oath, paid a small fine. ;
and everything wa* all right Ihen he
turned around and cleared his ship for
Port Townsend. The tug was still along
side the Potter, and back she went to her
destination. Captain Meyer had lost a
day, and had to pay a pretty heavy tow
age bill, but he was able to enter his ship
without any more ado. Had he tn«d to
enter bin vessel at Port Townsend with
out the clean bill of health he would have
been liable to a fine of $5000.
The training ship Adams w<-nt to the
navy yard yesterday. Several of che offi
cers are to be examined for promotion,
and as soon aB that work Is over the
Adams will go on another crul3e '.o Puget
I'hilo Tryon, a grlpcnan on a McAllister
street car 'met with a peoullar accident at
the ferries yesterday. He was about to
take hold of the cable with the grip when
a flvlng strand caught the grip and .i-jrked
it hack with terrific force. It struck
Tryon in ihe stomach and knocked him
clean through the car door. He was badly
injured, and was treated at the Harbor
Hospital by Dr. Morrison.
Z. C. S. Bowman, a commercial trav
eler, had a broken leg set at the Harbor
Hospital by Dr. Morrison yesterday, and
was then sent to St. Luke's Hospital. Mr.
Bowman's wife has been dangerously ill
at St. Luke's with typhoid fever, md her
husband on his return from a trip into
the country was hurrying out to hta her.
He stepped off a car on Markr-t street to
attend to some urgent business, and in
doing so put his foot on an orange peel;
result, a broken leg and a trip to the hoe
pital In an ambulance.
The British bark Venture arrived from
Hamburg yesterday after a passage of 17:!
days. Captain J. F. T. Ahrens Is in com
mand. He cannot speak English, and the
Venture l» one of the few British ships
that haß come Into this port whose mus
ter could not speak the language of the
flag under which he Failed.
GUARD OFFICERS WHO
ARE NOT VERY PROMPT
DELAY IN SENDING IN THE
PARADE REPORTS.
Officers of the Fifth Who Have
Passed the Examining Board.
To Meet the California
Volunteers.
There are a number of men in the Guard
who find fault with the superior head
quarters for being slow, but In turn the
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, «TOLY 30, 1899.
euperinr headquarters can find fault with
commanders of companies for also being
Blow, but that may be the result of pre
cept. A desire to ascertain what the
I Guard did on the Fourth of July In regard
i to parading on that day cannot be grati
fied, for the reason that the parade re
ports, which ought to have all been in by
the 15th of the month, have, in a number
|of Instances, not yot materialised. It Is
I claimed that such dckiys could be avold
; cil if the commanders were more attentive
i to duty.
Friends of the adjutant general say
| that the reason for the issuance of a now
I order as to physical examination was
i that the first one issued simply ntatod
that there should be "a physical exam
ination," without specifying what that ex
-1 Hmlnatlon should consist of, and that the
i new one is explicit as to details. Under
the previous order the examinations were
, made as they are made in the United
States army.
The specifications for uniforms have
been sent out by the board, and the sealed
i proposals will be opened on the 26th of
j next month.
Major Hosmer has been detailed to
' preside at an election to be held for cap
< tain of Company G of the Fifth Infantry,,
i vice M. W. Simpson, term expired.
All the companies of the Fifth Infantry,
| the Signal Corps of the Second Brigade,
I Troop A (cavalry) and the naval militia
' will be ordered out to welcome the Cali
fornia boys on their return.
Lieutenant Colonel Miles and Lieutenant
Colonel A. B. C. Dohrmann. who were ab
; gent from the State on leave, have re
turned and reported for duty.
Theoretically there is in existence an
organization called the Lowell High
School Cadets, but practically it does not
exist It, in law. is attached to the First
Regiment, and Is under the direct control
of the colonel of that regiment; but since
the departure of the First no one has
cared to take charge of the seventy-four
boya and three officers who were a com-
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY, FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
pany at the time the volunteers enlisted,
and the result is that for many months
there have not been any drills nor any
attention to duty, and the fact is that the
company haß of Its own sweet will
"dropped out." '•■-■■■.•'■"■ v ' '■
Colonel Whitton, Lieutenant Colonel
Hayes and Major Elliott of the field of
ficers of the Fifth Regiment of Infantry,
who recently were elected; Captain C. L.
E Wenk and Second Lieutenant, C. C. Co
valt of Company F of the Fifth Infantry,
and Captain Cheda and Second Lieutenant
Barrow of Compßny I> of the same regi
ment have passed a successful examina
tion as to qualifications before the exam
ining: board. "'".„ ,
Colonel Whitton and Captain Smith, ad-
Jutant of the Fifth Infantry, will go to
Petaluma to-morrow night to examine
into the condition of Company C of that
regiment..' ' - '
The officers and men .of the Naval Mili
tia are now waiting the arrival of the U.S.
S. Badger, so that they may embark on
the seven days' cruise. .•?? -■■
Ensign Henry Peterson has been re
elected to the position he has held for
nearly two years In the first division of
the Navnl' Militia.
I ast Friday those military gentlemen
who went into the wilds of Mendocino
County to hunt game and catch fish met
at a cafe where they partook of the game
and fish which the party caught-presurn
ablv -with silver hooks and bullets. The
nartv consisted of Major General Dickin
son Colonel T. M. Cluff. Lieutenant
Colonel Miles. Lieutenant Colonel Stan
ley. Lieutenant Colonel Rerrer, Major Leo
cchmitt aid on the division staff; Major
Hosmer'of the Second Brigade staff. Lieu
tenant Commander Nearny of the Naval
Militia Edward Kolb and two civilians,
friends of one of the hunters and fishers.
During the repast frequent allusion was
made to "Agulnaldo, who accompanied
the major, general," but his identity wa«
not disclosed. .
ENJOYABLE BANQUET.
Fourth of July Committee Winds Up
Its Career.
The Fourth of July Committee wound
up its career last night with a sumptuous
banquet at a prominent rotlsserie. The
affair was a complete success. A com
mittee of arrangements, with Grattan D.
Phillips as chairman, had made all neces
sary preparations, and the Musicians'
Union l>y -'i resolution at its last meeting
furnished the music, which added largely
t<, ihe entertainment. .
Vpvontv-Ilve guests were present, and
Williim J Herri n acted as toastmaater.
Followlnß is a II«t of the guests:
William J. Herrin. Oeorg« R. Flet
cher Stephen V. Costello, Grattan D. .
T>v,ni'lnq Ben Tarbox, R. T. Blen,
August' Schlicker, S Walsh H.
Rvan P X Barker, Leonard Stone.
Tnhn 'Cooney W Burke, Dr. G. S.
TRkekmann A. G. Platt, I. J. Truman,
Daws™ Sfyer. J. H. Slevers J V.
rollins Arthur Kennedy, TV. A. Stev
»ns CM Dillon, Edwin Brennan, J.
T 'McCarthy. Henry Thompson. J.
Schwartz J J. Cassidy. Percy Hender
son Samuel Snnnenfield. Jesse Marks.
A. 'K. Dagpett. William E. Stevens.
Howard Peterson. L. A. Kea, Dr J.
B Dalzell. J. M. Wilkins, Joseph Col
lins Henry L. Ryan Mark Devlne.
Larry Welch, Al Lercke, Fred Raabe,
Colonel T. P. Robinson, A. J. Martin,
John TV else. C. G. Groezinger, J. J.
Flinn. Secretary of State Charles
F. Curry.
PRAYERS AND
PRAISE FOR ITS
GOLDEN JUBILEE
First Church Is Now
Fifty Years Old.
AT THE BANQUET BOARD
FORMER AND ABSENT MEMEEP.3
SEND GREETING.
History of the Congregational Church
and the Good Work Accom
plished Told in Speeches
and Essays.
Yesterday was the fiftieth anniversary
of the establishment of the First Congre
gational Church In this city, and pastor
and members and friends of tha church
united in making it a day of general re
joicing. The sacred edifice was gayly
decked with a wealth of yellow blossoms—
emblematic of the golden Jubilee — and i
everywhere that the artistic eye could ;
suggest were great growing palms and
ferns. In the midst of aJI this floral love
liness were suspended the portraits of The
pastors of the church, who had safely
guided it from the modest beginning, a
half century ago, to its prosperous state
of to-day.
The expreises opened yesterday after- j
noon at 2 o'clock with a prayer meeting-, j
led by Deacon D. Gilbert Dexter. After j
Psalm lXi the choir followed, chanting: j
the Lord's Prayer. Then there was a j
prayer led by Mr. Atkinson, the singing
of Psalm 23 and a prayer by Rev. Dr. i
Wllley. After the prayer meeting fol- j
lowed a series of papers pertaining to |
"Woman's Work and How It Was Don.?."
The first paper submitted was written by
Mrs. J. 11. Warren and read by Mrs. J.
McDonald. Mrs. Warren was the third
woman to Join the church, and her paper
was tilled with interesting reminiscence?.
Mrs. Warren's description of the old
"First Church" on Virginia street, off
Jackson, between Stockton and Powell,
was extremely picturesque. In the course
of hf-r paper iMrs. Warren paid a glowing
tribute to Mrs. Hunt, wife of the first
pastor of the church.
After Mrs. Warren's paper Mrs. K. C.
Pike read a touching- eulogy in memory
of Mrs. Sarah Cooper, and was followed
by Miss Myrtle Simpson, who told of the
food accomplished by the Helping Hand
ociety under the splendid management
of Mrs. D. W. Folger.
Mrs. Dr. Charlotte Brown's pajjer, which
told of the many charities of the church,
concluded the afternoon programme. A.
pleasant feature of the occasion was the
reading of letters from former and al-.seni
members, all of whom in tender words
sent sincere congratulations.
At o o'clock the members of the church
met In the church basement and enjoyed
the banquet given under the auspfr>~» of
the hospitality committee, of which" Mrs.
D. W. Folger is chairman. At the ban
quet was present D. N. Hawley, the only
living charter member of the First
Church. At the banquet board there w<?r<»
speerhmaking and songs of praise. D. N
Hawley told of "The Beginnings"; ff. i 3 |
Hudson spoke of "The Truth of '43" : ;
Deacon George Harris gave some "Middle
IJfe Reminiscences"; S. F. Rarstow spoke
of "The Young People of the '60's " and
George B. Ltttlefield told about "The
Young People of the Eresent." Deacon
J. H. Barnard looked after "The Ladies "
a subject to which he did full justice.
The praise and jubilee exercises will be I
continued to-day. The following is the I
order of the services:
Organ prelude: rhoir. introlt, "O. Be Joyful
In the T,ord" (Mosenthal) : invocation: respon
sive rpailinß: doxolofcy; scripture lesson; rhnir
"Te Deuni Laudamup," in D major (Buck);
prayer; hymn; announcements; offertory'
"Savior of Sinners" (Cherubini); anniversary
sermon, by Dr. Adams: prayer; anthem, "The
God of Israel" (Rossini): "A Young Man of
'49"; hymn, by R»v. A. L. Stone, D.D., tun«
"Duke Street"; benediction; organ postlude-
Sabbath Behool (H. C. Pymonds. superintend
ent). 12:45 p. m.. fiftieth anniversary exercises;
Y. P. S, C. E. (Miss l/ouisa Hoffman, presi
dent), 6:30 p. m., speclnl service.
Gospel Service for Men.
A gospel platform service will be held
nt the Young Men's Christian Association,
Mason and EUls streets, this afternoon
at 3 o'clock. Brief addresses will be made
by the general secretary, assisted by other
speakers. Good singing and an Interest-
Ing meeting. All young men invited.
LABOR COUNCIL TRIES
TO CHECK AN EVIL
PBOTEBT AND APPEAL BENT TO
ALL GOVERNORS.
The Crime and Horror of Disbanding
Troopi in Thia City Set
Forth.
The San Francisco Labor Council has
•ent the following protest and appeal to
every State whence soldier* have been
sent to the Philippines:
SAN FRANCISCO LABOR COUNCIL*
Affiliated with the American Federation of
Labor, 1159 Mission street.
SAN FRANCISCO, July 28. 1899.
To the Governor and Cltlaena of — — -
Dear 81r and Fellow Citizens: The War De
partment has decided to muster out all tne
returning volunteers at Ban Francisco, requests
and appeals of the people of the respective
States who asked that the troops be disbanded
In the States they came from having been^ dis
regarded. Now the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil, the federation of the trades unions of tms
city, calls your attention to the evifc inevitably
to result should the War Department adhere to
Its announced policy, in the hope that a public
sentiment will be aroused strong enough to
compel the administration to listen to common
sense and plain reason.
The strange action of the department In this
matter can be explained only by inferring the
following motives, which conditions compel us
to note: First, the desire to unduly flood the
labor market and thus check the struggle of
the worklngmen for improved conditions; sec
ondly, to compel the volunteers, driven by
want and destitution, to re-enllst: thirdly, to
prt»\ ent the return of the volunteers to their
homes, where to their friends and relatives
they would undoubtedly give the true version
of the people, the climate and the general con
ditions in the Philippines as produced by our
war of conquest.
The great majority of the returning volun
teers, when paid off. wll' quickly epend their
money— they have the soldier spirit and de
sires and are young, and San Francisco has the
reputation of being able and willing to furnish
"to the stranger within Its gates" Irresistible
attractions. With money gone, the destitute
soldiers will be compelled to seek work, which
they, in most casrs. will not be able to find.
I Then want and suffering will be their lot. for
i the conditions for securing employment In
| fnn Francisco and vicinity are different from
• those In the F.astern and Middle States, there
i being no other industrial centers within easy
1 reach that could absorb surplus labor. It Is
I hard to beat the trains in the West, the rall
! roads putting off men c-ompelled to steal a
: ride on mountains and In dpserts, where they
i often miserably perish. It Is certain that the
| railroad corporations will show no more pity
I for the soldier tramp than thpy do for the
I workman trajnp. Anil those fortunate enough
I to sfcure employment here will have to take
it at lower wages, throwing out of work the
i local workmen, who In most cases with families
J to support In turn would become tramps and
! ouft'erers. Twenty-five thousand men thrown
>n to San Francisco In a few months will
eauf-e a congfstion of the labor market, with
; Its inevitable hardships; distributed through
1 the respective States they would be uselul and
'■ h«ne!lcial to themselves and their fellow-clti-
zens.
llany of, the volunteers, If discharged r*er«.
I will die. Destitute, without family ties and
, the sentiment of the majority of the people
; turned against them, when It Is found th.it
they are underbidding local workmen, the «ol
d.era. enfeebled through the hardships In a
deadly climate, will miserably perish in cheap
lodglrg-houses, In overcrowded hospitals end
on lonely country roads.
Some, driven to desperation, will re-enllst. to
ficht. against their own convictions, In a use
loss and endless war. Then Philippine swamps
an.i Filipino bullets will finish thu work of de
struction.
The censor In the Philippines now forbldj the
publication of all news that would Bho-.V up
the horrors of the war nnd the tremer.doj.s
sacrifices the people of this country will have
to make to conquer a warlike people, solely
for the exploitation by carpet-baggers and
corporations. Returned 'to their homes, the
volunteers would quickly make known to the
American people the real conditions In the
Philippines, and a death-knell would soon be
sounded on the un-American policy of conquest
and bluster.
Mr. Governor, will the people of your State
permit the War Department to add this crime
to the horrors of Camp Chlckamauga, Camp
Merritt and of embalmed beef? . Let us assure
you that these horrors will pale into inßlgnlfl
cance with thrse to result from the dlsband
nient of all the volunteers In San Francisco.
i We ask you to use your utmost influence on
: the administration to change its present policy
regarding the mustering out of volunteers. We
■ appeal to the fathers, mothers, wives, brothers,
i sisters and friends of the volunteers to work
! and pray for the direct return of their loved
'■ ones. If our appeal falls there will be untold
suffering In the State of California; there will
be anguish and pain in "very State that sent
her sons to fight. Mr. (Jovernor and fellow
cltlzens. let your protest and appeal be heard
. loud and strong and persistent.. J
Under misrepresentation from selfish and In
terested parties, some of the volunteer regiments
; have asked to be mustered out in San Fran
'. Cisco, thus supporting the War Department in
; its criminal policy. When the volunteers real
ize what Is in store for them here they will
' add their voice to yours for a discharge at
home. Ask their friends and relatives to at
once communicate with them. Only prompt
I action can save crime and horror.
Trusting that this appeal of the working men
I and women of San Francisco will receive your
careful consideration, and then hearty co
operation. I am. by order of the San. Francleco
Labor Council, yours sincerely.
ED ROSENBERG,
Recording and Corresponding Secretary.
" ma * i^— —^—— ■.
; Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
i i or without removal. .7. Noonan. 1017-1013 Mission.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA was
....SEASON....
MONDAY NIGHT, JCLY 31. SOUVENIR EVFNT,
50th Performance of Henry Miller Season.
MONDAY. TUEP. AND WEDNESDAY EVGS.
SPECIAL MATINKK WEDNESDAY.
Last 4 Performances of
HEARTSEASE
BEGINNING NEXT THURSDAY.
3 Nights and Saturday Matinee,
CHARLES FROHMAN'S
Becond Great Shakespearean Revival,
HAMLET.
HENRY MILLER in the Title Role.
August 7— First Production in America of the
Oreat London Success,
BROTHER OFFICERS.
GRAND OPF!RA HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 582.
TO-NIOHT,
LAST PERFORMANCES OF "FAUST."
NEXT WEEK — The Funniest of All Funny
Operas,
"BOCCACCIO!"
NEW MARCHES— 5 NEW PRINCIPALS
ENLARGED CHORUS.
Orchestra, 35e and 80. Family Clrcl*. 15c.
Dress Circle, 250. Gallery, 10c.
At the matinee the best reserved seat 25c.
Branch box office Just Inside main entrance
of Emporium.
OLYMPIA.
FHdv St.. Con.
Only High-Class Free Vaudeville Show in the
City.
Great Operatic Feature.
CHANDLER and McPHERSON,
Famous Duetists.
MINONA.
Queen of Burlesquer*.
THE KEESINGS,
In New Operatic Selections.
CARLTON AND ROYCE, DOtySON,
DORA MERVIN and others.
STRONG BILL WITH NOVEL FEATURES.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
. ADVEBTTSSMENTS.
I HI I M ■1..|..|..fr.i..|..|..|.n.i..i..i;.i..1..1...1..1 : I-M I I ■I-I-H-H-l' 1..1--I-I-1.-I-I-I-I-I-I
CITYOF|I| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
v * ....IN 0UR....
LACE CURTAIN
...;and...*.
UPHOLSTERY DEFT!
SILK TAPESTRY AND BROCATELS- r b^ oon.v n .t pe t,r 'X
$1.50 and $1.75 SALE PRICE &1.00 PER YARD
PflTTfiN TAPP^TRY I" desirable patterns and colorings. Regular pjsice
UUIIUII lArtoini $100 : sale price 75c per yard
UCAUY PflTTflM TAPCQTRY In mixed colors for furniture coverings. Regular
HtAY I bUI IUN lArtil n T price 75c , m , ale price sOc per yard
9ATIN TADCQTDY For drapery and upholstery purposes. Regular price 50c
OAIIH lArt^lKT and6 0c..... SALE PRICE 4OC PER YARD
CATIM DIICCC TADECTQY Full 50 inches wide. Regular price 45c.
oAlm nuoot lArcoini I SALE PRICE 350 per YARD
Broken Lines of IRISH POINT CURTAINS — consisting of two, three and four
pairs of a pattern — all new and desi.able goods, formerly sold at $8.50, $9.50
and $10.50 TO CLOSE AT f7.50 PER PAIR
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Corntr G«ary and Stockton Streets, San Pranoisoo.
UNION S<PU/\RE.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
AMUSEMENTS.
CAUFORNI^^
RECORD-BREAKING SUCCESS! HOUSES PACKED!
/iffiX ENTHUSIASTIC TRIUMPH /j#*%'\
f>fffl \ of MR. FRAWLEY and : lL«fc^f| \
Ws) BLANCHE BATES 'XV
'-•,••••' And the SUPERB COMPANY. •Jpjil**
TO-NIGHT— BEGINNING MONDAY NIGHT, JULY 31,
"SANS GENE." Bronson Howard's Oreat Comedy Drama.
"ONE OF OUR GIRLS."
PRICES. 25c, 50c, 7Cc, $1 00. MATINEE. 25c. 50c, 75c.
August 7th. First Production of a Fantastic Comedy by Clinton Stuart. Esq.. Entitled
"THE FAIRY OOP/YIOTMER."
Tl\/ni I* Last time of
1 IVULI ,^'WANG"
OPERA To-Niaht
LJSM ICC "Good-toy" to
rlUUot. ■- EDWIN STEVENS.
TO-MORROW EVENING,
GALA OPENING OF THE ,
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
MondtT, WednsiUy tnd Friday »nd Satnrdaj Xrgi.,
Samptooos Preieotations tf
VERDI'S
."AIDA ft ...
Toesday, Tknr«day, Sunday Enninga, Satarday Mat.,
DONIZETTI'S
...••LUCIA"...
With the Most Famous Cast Ever Heard in San
Francisco!!'.
....THE AKTI3TS" • •
Sopranos.
FRAULEIN ELLA PROSNITZ.
The Peer.ess Singer From La Scala. Milan.
MISS ANNA LICHTER.
The Favorite Lyric Artist.
Contraltos. ,i • -
MISS MARY LINCK.
A Welcome Awaits Her.
MISS INEZ DEAN.
A Sweet SinKer.
Tenors.
SIGNOR FERDINAND AVEDANO.
None Greater In Italy.
BARON BERTHALD.
Germany's Own Favorite.
SIGNOR VINCENZO FONEARI,
The Idol of Genoa.
1 Barytones.
SIGNOR GAUDENZIO SALASSA,
The Prince of All.
MR. WILLIAM MERIENS. V
Berlin Rave* Over Him.
SIGNOR QUINTO ZANI.
Late With Madame Melba,
Bassos.
SIGNOR G. S. WANRELL,
The Best of All. :. -'.•'•;;
HERR WILLIAM SCHUSTER,
Admired by Thousands.
POWERFUL OHORUB AND ORCHESTRA!
GORGEOU-i COSTUMES AND BOENERTI
POPULAR PRICES— and 50 Cents.
Telephone for Seats. Bush ». :
aTcazar™
PHONE MAIN 254.
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL
— of — *•'*•;
LEWIS MORRISON
"FAUST r
WEEK OP JULY 3 Ist,
A Brilliant Production -of
ROMEO and JULIET
FLORENCE ROBERTS as JULIET.
WHITE WHITTLESEY as ROMEO.
A wealth of wardrobe and settings.
OUR PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c. 60c. 4 \
CHUTES_AND ZOO!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
ZOE MATTHEWS. Coon Sonpr Singer; RAND,
BYRON and RAND. Grotesque Comedians;
HALLET and CARROLL. Sketch Artists;
VIOLET DALE, Buck and Wlnir Dancer;
BLANCHE LE CLAIRE SLOAN. Flying
Ring Artist and A HOST OF NOVELTIES.
. -MISS JOHANNA' FRISCO ,
ORANG-OUTANG
ON FREE EXHIBITION— —
SOUVENIRS FOR THE CHIL-
DREN TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
"^B^DEWEYrsrroNG &co>ggv
(1 "PATENTS! >}
%S^33o MARKET ST. Sf.^ia^
" : > ■•-:'>■-
Week Commencing SUNDAY MAT. July 80.
21— EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN STARS— 2I
i . -
Return to San Francisco and First Appe»r»no»
in Vaudeville of
..IDALENE COTTON..
..AND NICK LONG..
Introducing Imitations of Famous Stage Folk
In Their New and Original Protean Come-
dietta, "MANAGERIAL TROUBLKS."
JOSEPH ADELMAN
The Xylophone Marvel.
First Appearance on the Coast of
DA YE MEIER.
Champion Bag Puncher of the World.
The Austrian Nobleman,
HERR C. YON PALM
Lightning Oil Painter.
LAURA JOYCE" BELL & CO.
Whose Success Is Abating "Not at All. Not at
All."
The European ■ Sensation,
LA FAFALLA
Don't Miss That alk.
..ELIZABETH MURRAY..
The Convent Bred Songstress and Story Teller.
PHOITES PANTOMIME.
T".^ ELDRIDCES
In Colored Comedy Sketch.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), July 30.
Parquet, 25c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
July 30 and 31.
OPEN AND SAPLING STAKES.
112— NOMINATIONS— 11J
$1 160— PRIZE MONEY— SIISO
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves ' Third and Townsend streets, Satur-
day, 10:15 a. m. and 12:55 p. m. Sunday, 10:15
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 .m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
I fifth end Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning from Park Immediately after last
course. Extra train from Park on Sunday at
4:45 p. m. San Mateo Electric cars every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION. 25c; LADIES FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESOBTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, JULY 30. AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; children, 20c.
GLEN PARK.
(San Mateo and Mission street car lines direct.)
SUNDAY AND MONDAY. July 30th and 31st.
GRAND TURN FESTIVAL. COMPETITIVE
GYMNASTIC EXERCISES AND
. FIELD SPORTS.
PRIZE. SHOOTING— S2SO Cash FriMO.
Sports for Young and Old.
. , . Admission— 2s . Cents.
MJ ClltlC Those who were ther»
. A say the Panorama 1* a
. correct representation.
I ill Lectures by Prof W.
G. ROLLINS after-
; ft/I _, __ *|n noons and . evening*.
iYlsinfllM Market et.. nr. Eighth.
*»**■«■»*■•■* Admission. 60c.
Bay! ' ChUdr * n - ito -
1314
Latest Fraternal News.
ORDEB EASTERN STAR.
Olive Branch Chapter at Us meeting
last Wednesday night elected one candi
. date and received by affiliation Mrs. Lii
zi.. Atwood. The date for t"he visit of the
worthy and matron to this chapter has
been changed to next Wednesday, as the
worthy patron and the worthy matron
will leave for Paris on the 15th of Au
gust.
On next Thursday the worthy grand
niatr will ray an official visit to Cen
mry Chapter, r.nd on the 17th she will
visit Golden Gate, the mother chapter cf
the order.
Ivy Chapter has arranged for a party
to be given on the night of the 12th of
September, and Harmony Chapter will
give an • Linment and dance on the
14th of that month. ,
The official visit of the. worthy errand
matr< n to Mission Chapter on the 2M
inst was a very pleasant affair, and
there was an attendance that filled the
hall. The chapt< r was complimented in
the highest terms -by the visiting official
tor the good work it has done. She st ited
that she had visited fifty-five chapters,
and that Miss-ion was one of five in which
ihe work was perfect. There were pres
eni many of the prominent members of
the order.
Ivy Chapter has suffered a severe loss
in the death of Mrs. Mathilda J. Lelaud,
vast matron, recently. She was re< ig
nizod as one of the very useful members
of the chapter. Under the cort of the
offici rs of the chapter her remains were
laid to rest in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Cai ton Ventura No. 29 of Ventura gave
its first reception and ball in that place
last night.
Oriental Rebekah L< dge at its last
Wednesday night meeting presented
through Grand Secretary George T. Shaw
a very handsome embroidered collar to
Miss May Morgan, the retiring past noble
grand.
Recently the members of Apollo Lodge.
to which belonged the late Henry E.
Snook, whose death from smallpox, con
tracted while preparing a body for
interment. has been already an
nounced in the local department of The
Call, held memorial service over the grave
of the deceased at Cypress Lawn, also
over the remains of his widow, who died
of a broken heart three days after her
husband had ssed away. Mr. and Mrs.
Snook were members of Loyal Rebekah
Lodge, and the membership of that lodge,
upon the invitation of Apollo Lodge, as
sisted at the service, which was very im
pressive. Th< service was by D. A. Hodg
head, noble grand, and L. Hammersmith,
chaplain. J. R. A. Aitken. past grand, de
livered an eloquent and touching eulogy,
and H. D. ,-ille. P. G., and Victor C.
Post. P. G.. delivi red appropriate tributes
as to the characters of the dead.
Apollo Lodge has had another member
taken from it by death, the late T. G.
Cockrill, who joined the lodge in 1574 and
in time passed through all the chairs hon
crably. The lodge deeplj feels his loss
and has extended Its sincere condolence
to the widow and relatives of the de
ceased.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Valley Lodge at its last held meeting
initiated three candidates in the presence
of an unusually large number of the
members. Grand Representative Barnes,
who was present, gave an interesting ac
count of the work of the Supreme Lodge.
Silver Spray Lodge, D. of H., initiated
four candidates in Excelsior Hall at its
last held meeting and then tendered a
reception to Representative Mrs. Stew
art, who but a short time since returned
from the session of the Superior Lodge.
There was a banquet and addresses by
Mrs. Stewart. Grand Treasurer Booth of
the A. O. U. v.\. w. H. Barnes, P. G. M..
and the •wo grand recorders— Mr. and
Mrs. Poland.
The new lodge instituted in Sutter Creek
has been named Lily of the Foothills.
Mrs. Emma Gregory is the chief of honor
and Mrs. Nellie Jarvis the recorder.
A new lodge will soon be instituted at
Jackson, Amador County.
At the last held meeting the attraction
cfimmittee gave two prizes for the best
numbers on the programme. These were
carried off by Josie Butler and Helen
Hall.
Cypress Lodge had a grand entertain
ment on the Fourth of July, it being the
meeting night, but as no business can be
transacted on a legal holiday, a social
time was had. _
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Golden State Parlor at its last held
meeting presented to Miss A. Ackman, the
retiring past president, a handsome pin,
having engraved on it the seal of the
parlor, as a token of the great appre
ciation of the members of the work she
did ■ hile in the chair. That night the par
lor received a visit from Past President
Miss A. Maberry, who is now a resident
of Sacramento. Miss D. De Lano and Miss
F. yon Stadf-n. members of the parlor,
have retui to this city after a month's
vacation at Camp Taylor.
A member of Golden State Parlor has a
letter from La Carlota, Negros Island, re
lating to J. yon Statden. a member of Na
tional Parlor, N. S. C. W.,who sailed from
here as musician of Company I. First
California Volunteers, and was promoted
sergeant and drum major of the regiment
while at Manila. Th<» writer says: "On
May 6 there was given an entertainment
to mmemorate our first year of service
in the United States army. Colonel Du
boco delivered an inspiring and patriotic
address, after which, on behalf of the of
ficers of the regiment, he presented to
Sergeant John yon Statden, our drum ma
jor, a silver baton. In response the re
cipient said, as he raised the baton over
his head: 'Boys. I hope that inside of
sixty days 1 ehall lead you up Market
street in San Francisco.' The baton is ap
propriately inscribed."
The Joint installation of the officers of
Alameda Parlor, N. S. G. W.. and those of
Alameda Parlor. N. D. G. W., was a most
ci editable one and was witnessed by a
large number of people. The Sons were in
stalled by Deputy George A. Reynolds, as
sisted by Grand Secretary Lunstedt as
grand marshal, and the Daughters by Dis
trict Deputy Mrs. Theodore Lunstedt, as
sisted by Past Grand President Mrs. Mary
F. Tillman as grand marshal, Mrs. A.
McKay as past grand president and Mrs.
Edward French as grand secretary. Th»
work of Mrs. Lunstedt was highly com
GERMAN COMMENT
ON THE ARENS CASE
Liberal Papers Support the Action of
the Faculty in Dismissing
the Matter.
BERLIN, July 29.— The press of Berlin i
s much attention to the Arens case. |
Dr. Arens is a professor who lectured on j
physics In the Berlin University and Is a
presence in the
university has given great offense to all j
favorable to drastic measures for com
bating socialism. The Diet passed a law
g . called by the pr< ss the Arens
law, making It possible for th* Govern
ment to proceed against and dismiss so
ciallsi professors. I'nder this the philo
sophical faculty a week nun tried Profes
sor Arens and unanimously declared that
they saw n<> occasion to tak>' action.
tea attorney appealed the case
to the Ministry, who, it is regarded c.-r
--tain. will dismiss Professor Aretis. The j
papers of all parties discuss the case
at great length. The . fsan-German
che Zeltung says the faculty of Ber- ;
[In University has shown the same in-
Ity for consideration of the state
affairs that was shown by some profes- !
sors in treating the Danish question last i
year. !
The Kreuz Zcitung reproaches the fac
ulty with holding- that social democrats
should be treatr-d on an equal footing with
other parties and formulates the attitude
of the conservatives as follows:
••it Is Impossible to treat a party that :
res war upon the state and the ex- j
lstinp order as having the same political
rights as other parties."
The Dresdener Nachrichten re-echoes
this sentiment, adding that the days of
political equality for socialists is against'
THiblic welfare, and hence it is the duty
of Judges everywhere to take into account
this fact In the administration of justice, j
The liberal papers side with the faculty,
hi 'Ming that their dr-cision was the only
one consistent with the freedom of unl
v. :.-jiy instruction. The Centrist pre?s
is the faculty on the ground that
Professor Arens as professor of physics i
noi handle the question of socialism j
in his lecture. i
■nended. and tho commendations were de
lerved, for the lady is a most competent
nstalling ofl
Miss S. F. Conniit of Joaquin Parlor.
Mrs. Eva Nickell of Califla Parlor and
Sirs. Huntoon <>f Sacramento are
names that appear on the register as
aruosis at tli ( * Native' Daughters' Home.
Sfiss Alice Welch, who was at the Home,
nas returned to Lodi. The Homo has re
ceived a donation <>f books.
The officers of Piedmont Pnrlnr In Oak
land were Installed lust Thursday night
.-, Deputy Miss Amanda Handley.
The following named officers of Manza
nita Parlor liavo been Installed for the
■urrent term: Pasi president. -Miss Lillle
I.uke; president, Misa Agnes Smith: first
vice president, Mrs. Sadie Madden; si
vice president, Mrs. Lavinia Parsons;
third vice president, Miss Annie Horan;
■ ling sei retary, Mrs. Marie Zipf;
financial secretary, Mrs. Louisa Wales;
treasurer, Mrs. l.izzio Freeman; marshal,
Mrs Julia Brown, li. trustees, Mrs. TH-liu
Rouner, Mis- Haiti.- Fisher, Miss Mary
Walsh; outside sentinel. Miss Veronica
Huss; inside Bentinel, Mrs. Lizzie Dunk
ley. After the installation ceremonios
there was a very entertaining literary
programme rendered, and the evening's
pleasure was concluded with a sumptuous
banquet.
PINOLE PARLOR.
The officers of Pinole Parlor, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, located at
Pinole, w«re installed In public July -i
by District Deputy Grand President Mrs.
rteve Baker of Buena Vista Parlor,
who was specially Invited and
to perform the ceremony of installation
on account of the ■ sbe has
! of being one i f th< very best in
fficers in the order. Sh ■ was
: panied by Mrs. C. J. Radi r of
Buena Vista Parlor, who acted as grand
marshal, and Mrs. John A. Steinbach of
Alta Parlor, who acted as grand past
dent. The manner in which the in
nony was conductt d
i,, lutifullj decorat< d hall was a i
tion t" many, who had never before seen
it given in the full lmpressiveness which
th*> ritual calls for, and when recess was
declared the deputj received manj con
gratulations for her work. The officers
of the parlor for the current term are:
Mrs. A. Frank, p I Miss
Frances L. Ellerhorst, president; Mrs. C.
W. Sinclair and Mrs. M. Johnsfon, vice
presidents; Alice M. Ellerhorst, recording
secretary; Annie L. i :. ! --v!v'i st. financial
secretary; Miss Theresa O'Neill,
urer; Misses Katie Maloney, Ella Brandt
and Winnie Dean, trustees. At the close
Of the ceremony tlie parlor, through it.-;
president, presented Mrs. Baker a ■
ciful Silver-mounted bureau ornament In
t"k> n of Its apprecia! on of th( work she
had done and o.f the fact that sh.- is rec
ognized as one of the most brilliant
minds of th( order. At the request
presidi ut the r token di -
livered an address on th< work of tl
der, and she was followed by Mrs. Stein
bach, who made a si . ess on
the subject of the Native Daughters'
Hum.'. The retiring past president
the recipient of a toki n of the k>ve ■ f her
fellow members, and then followed a
short programm I rtainment.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA
At the lasr held m< ' urt Sutro
Heights the officers were installed by Dis
trict Deputy Jacob Isabel, • liti r of the
American Forester Reviev
fieers had been indu< i ffice, Grand
Secretary John J. Cordy, who that even-
Ing paid the court an official visit, de
livered a very interesting address. The
retiring chief ranger, J. I. Riley, was
presented a line emblematic jewel of the
rank of past chief, and then there were
addresses by the district deputy and
others, after which there was an ad
journment to a cafe, where a collation
was served to the visiting officials and
members. One of th- thrown at
the court that evening was: "It has a
most excellent class of members, is pro
gressive and is one of the best courts in
the jurisdiction."
The semi-annual returns to the grand
p^rretary of this jurisdiction show that
up to June 30 there had been a net in
crease of 252.
Last Thursday a team from Court San
Francisco went' to Oakland, visited i
Fnited States of America and initi
candidates for it.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. O. A.
A new court of the order has been in
stituted in Los •
The officers of Bay City Gircle were in
stalled in public in the presence of Mrs.
S. Story, supreme chief companion, in the
f a large number of membi rs
of th< nd friends. The members
of the circle had very tastefullj decorated
the hall and the work of installation was
performed in a very creditable manner.
After the ceremony there was given us;
der the direction of Miss Bessie B
the sub-chief companion, a verj lnt<
Ing programme of song! and music and
during the evening there was served a tine
collation.
The officers of Excelsior circle were in-
I by Deputy Grand Companion Mrs.
Emma Harrington, assisted by Grand
Financial Secretary Miss Agnes r>. Bre
mer, acting as grand marshal, and It is
seldom that the work is done in a more
Impressive manner. It was highly com
mended by the many who wit Messed it.
The supreme chief companion was
■• • and made a neat address after the
ceremony, iieinc; presented by Com
J. J. Cordy an album of California views
as a mark of esteem from the circle. !)••
also presented to the retiring past chief
companion. Mrs. .1. Wishman, a hand
somely framed certificate, and then to
Mrs. Lena Humbert, daughter of Mrs.
Wishman. who earned the honor of pasi
(.c.mpanion by service as record-
Ing secretary for a number of years, a
badge and certificates and closed the line
of presentation by offering to the circle
on behalf of one of the members, a large
flag With which to drape the altar. \
t'-r that there was a social hour and many
Interesting numbers were presented, there
was dancing and tin serving of refresh
ments. It was a most enjoyable night.
The officers of Pale Alto Circle were
Installed by Deputy Mrs. Emma Harring
ton, assisted by Grand Trustee Mrs. K.
Kemp Van Ec as marshal, and the work
was done in the presence of a large num
ber of companions, In a manner that was
marked for its impressiveness. Miss Pau
line Aaron, the outgoing past chief, was
presented an emblematic badge and a cer
tificate.
The officers of Robin Hood Circle were
HUNTINGTONS CONTROL
OF MEXICAN TRAFFIC
Object of the Extension of the Sonora
Road From Guaymas to
Mazatlan.
At'STTX, July 29.— Professor E. T. Dum
ble, former State Geologist of Texas, has
arrived here from a remote section of
the State of Bonora, Mexico, where he
has been for the- past two years develop
ing extensive coal fields for C. P. Hunt-
Ington, president of the Southern Pacific
Company. It is proposed to build a
branch of fche Sonora. road of the South
ern Pacific, which line was recently ac
quired from tlve Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Company, to these coal fields.
The Southern Pacific Is also making ar
rangements to extend the Sonora road
from Guaymas, Its present southern term
inus, down the Pacific Coasi of Mexico
to Mazatlan, where connection will be
made with the- extension of thi- Mexican
International road that Is now being built
from Durango. The International is also
a S'Uithern Paeifx property and these ex
tensions in connection with the Pacific
Mall Steamship line will give Mr. Hiint-
Inpton and associates absolute control of
the traffic situated in Western and Cen
tral Mexico.
ANTI-TRUST MOVE.
Governor Stephens of Missouri in
Sympathy With It.
AT'STTN. July 29.— Governor Bayers to
day received a letter from Governor Lon
V. Stephens of Missouri stating that he
is in favor of tho anti-trust movement
and will prive all the aid he can to make
thp proposed conference of Governors and
Attorneys General to be held in St. Louis,
September 20, a success.
He requests Governor Bayers to advise
him of the plans and programme of the
meeting.
Odd Fellows' Celebration.
RAT.TNAS. July 29.-The Odd Fellows of
this rlty havp completed arrangements
for the celebration of the thirtieth anni
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, SUM DAY, JULY 30. 1899.
installed by Deputy Mrs. M. A. Duke, as
sisted by the modest member of Inter
Nos Circle. After the Installation there
was presented, on behalf of the circle, to
Mrs. Lizzie AtWOOd, the retiring past
chief companion, as a token of the ap
ition of the members of the work
this lady has done for the circle, a fine
set of blue and gold chlnaware. The
evening concluded with a short pro
gramme, the feature of which was a farce
by the young ladies of the circle, in
which Miss Alice Ticculet. who possesses
histrionic talent in a marked degree, made
a hit in the character of a French gen
tleman. After the farce there was danc
ing and refreshments.
THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent No. IS has now a
membership of 299 and it has recently in
sured Its regalia and costumes for $500.
On the 14th of July it had all debts paid
j with a balance of $165 in the treasury, an
I income of JISU a month with expenses at
j $100 monthly. The tent has issued a cir
' eular to all its members requesting each
I to assist J. W. Arbogast. D. S. C., in his
efforts to Increase the membership. The
tent has received a set of jewels for the
officers which are said to be the most
beautiful ever made for officers of this
order. The tent is securing a quartet from
its membership. Sir Knight George V.
Leroi has been appointed by the adjutant
. of the uniform rank as, organizer for No.
18 and he lias organized a division with
the following members and officers: H.
I. Tickner, U. 11. Castle, George V. Leroi,
Edwin Savery. Thomas J. Harris. Fred
VVastier Jr., M. B. Schotield, Theodore
Frolicn D. B. Richards, J. H. Sampson,
W. (I Waterhouse, S. W. Creigh, T. F.
Higgins 1 >r. Josef I. Manson, J. M.
:, F. R. Sampson. W. W. Thompson,
Frank B. Gibson, Thompson White, Clar-
Erickson, Alex. N. Bowne, R. E.
W. L. Cowles, C. L. Gardner,
Charles S. Warner. J. J. Clancy, S. W.
i. Captain Colin Salmond, Charles
A Anderson and B. EL Stephens. Past
captain, H. H. Castle; captain. H. L.
| Tickner, first lieutenant, George V. Leroi;
second lieutenant, Edwin Savery; record
keeper, Theodore Frolich; finance k<
D. B. Richards; chaplain. M. B. Schofield;
first sergeant, T. J. Harris; second ser«
Fred Wastier Jr.; bugler. J. H.
-.hi. First-class uniforms will be
procured and it is expected that the divis
ion will be institute, l In two weeks.
Last Friday after the regular review-
Mi.- social committee took charge uf the
ti nt and there was a smoker and an ex
cellent programme.
Golden West Tent No. 58 recently closed
its charter, having at that time 385 names
on the roll, with fifteen candidates still
to take the degrees. Deputy Ercnarins
was retained for thirty days longer and
tpects to have 350 members in the
teni by the 15th of August and if he keeps
up his reputation of the past he will ac
complish that result. The mandolin club
of Pa • lsit( <i ' h!s tenf on the
night of the 17th inst. and entertained the
members with choice selections.
Pacific Tent has had Sir Knight Traube |
appointed as its deputy and be will hustle j
for members. The membership of this j
tent after being in existence six weeks is
eighty-five.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
During June forty candidates were ad
mitted in the various councils of the or
der In this State by initiation. Last week
• . San Francisco tour
and California three.
California Council at its last held meet
made arrangements for a ladies'
night on the first meeting In August. The
|] sent a message of greeting to F.
H. Hastings, the senator from California,
Golden Cat" council at its meeting last
Tuesday night elected one candidate and
I two to Its membership by initiation, j
C these being Under Sheriff D. C.
Martin. After the business of the evening;
there was a pleasing hour of entertain-;
and vocal selections by the Na
: tional t'nion Quartet.
On the night of the loth of August Pa
citic Council will have a great time, as
there will be the initiation of candidates
and a good programme of entertainment, j
While returning from the session of the
Senate Fred H. Hastings, Senator from
this State was taken ill at Chicago and I
detained there for several days.
CHOPPERS' FRIENDSHIP CLUB.
The officers of the Choppers' Friendship
were installed last week by Past ;
lent Strong. During the evening five ;
idajes were admitted by card. After
the meeting there was a pleasant time, j
This club is increasing quite fast, and it !
reasing in finance as well as mem
bership.
B'NE BRITH.
On July 18 Modin Lodge celebrated
its thirty-ninth anniversary by a high i
jinks In otic of the large halls of
B. B. building. There was a large
attendance of the friends of members,
win greatly enjoyed the programme of
entertainment provided for them. The
ire of the programme was a boxing
match between two young sports, who
showed up in a three-round go. During
the evening a collation and refreshments I
w:i< served to all present.
The gram! president will come to this
city about the middle of September, when I
he will officially visit the local lodges.
The B'nai B'rith Library, having been j
thoroughly renovated and the books and!
periodicals catalogued, is again open to
who are entitled to its privileges.
I', -morrow night Congressman Julius
Kahn will deliver a lecture on expansion •
i ■ fore Unity Lodge.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
On July JT the officers for the cur
nut term, who are to control the des
tinies of Golden Gate ("'amp, were in
stalled with the imposing ceremonies of
th< order. The same night a number of
candidates were admitted by initiation.
< >n the second meeting In August, which
| will be the 14th, there will be -i "social
evening" after the routine business shall
have been disposed of.
Golden Gate Camp at Its meeting last '
Monday night had. in addition to the vis- \
itlng soldier Woodmen of the Second Ore.
gon Volunteers, a notice of which ap- i
peared in The Call of last Tuesday, a I
large number of members and visitors
from other camps, a proof of the popular
ity of the camp sessions. During the
evening H. C. Alexander. John A. Miller,!
John A. Oswald, W. T. Hums, H. A. Ken
dall, Charles T. Foster. James Hilton, ]
Isaac Mensor, Coleman Attell, J. B. Cun
versary of the institution of Alisal I/odpp
on Monday next. There will be musical
and literary exercises in Armory Hall, to
be followr-d by a banquet. Charles A.
Sunnier of San Francisco will be speaker
of the evening.
Washed Off a Cliff by a Wave.
SANTA CRUZ, July 29.— Ralph Pruett of
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS,
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTIISO. FRESH AND S.M.T MEATS.
Li< IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltlrnjand IIC RllVF^ ,t C(\ Shipping Butchers. 104
I. lICUEIi, | ace Leather. 105-107 Mis- **3- DJILJ CL tV., Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
sion St. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. ~ — —
—— — — — — HARDWARE.
BOILER MAKERS. OALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, CT " nhardware 6Q3 Markft: tel - Maln 752 -
W J BRADY. Proprietor. IR^>N FOUNDERS.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship 'SfBjSSSS no &S™s i &*?E'.
' Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. to Order. Te,. B-, ck ,so..
BOOKS STATIONERY. " HI » ' Montgomery Straa-..
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. lIILUMIIIUI 11. 722 Montsromery Strasv
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, ; JST"*
342 to 350 Oeary Street, above Powell. E- C- HUGH ES-5U S^n^^reet
PBRIODICAUB, BOOKS AND STATIONERY. II '** faansome street.
' ~ ' ~ THF Klfl^^ linVfft PrinterF. Bonk-
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON. IUL. IiIVRJ-. Ll> > W'J-. bi.nders.23 First Bt
J. C. WILSON & CO., STATIONE? AND PRINTER. v
900 BATTERY STREET. TekgraphlcnApTpinPp W Call-
Telephone Main 1564. Codes, KAK A KIUUC fornla Bt
COPpHRSMITH WHITt ASH STEAM COAL,.
S JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. M(rr. BLACR WAMO^ J*^ co at its
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine. Steamboat GRKEX RIVER COLLIERIES,
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 T«< the Best Coal In the Market.
Washington St. Telephone' Main 5641 Office ar.d Yards — 150 Main street.
ningham. A. M Richardson and Charles
F. McCarthy, M. D.. were admitted to
membership by initiation. On last
Wednesday under the auspices of the
camp there was unveiled in the Home of
Peace Cemetery a beautiful monument
over the grave of the late Qr. H. Kahn,
who was a member of the camp. Ihe
monument was erected by the order and
was unveiled with impressive ceremonies.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTES.
Supreme President F. J. Kierce has re
turned to this city from a tour through
the East, South and North, on which he
started on the 2d of last May.
July 17 there was a district meet
ing in Y. M. I. Hall. Oakland, of Councils
Nos. 6, 8, 24 and 31, which was presided
over by District Deputy B. 11. Hammond,
when matters to be presented before the
next Grand Council were discus-sed. A
banquet followed the meeting.
Dr. P. H. J. Farrell gave an illustrated
lecture on Manila before the council in
Martinez last week.
A new council is to be instituted in Los
Angeles.
Sacramento Council, which during the
past six months initiated 102 members, is
now the banner council. Its membership
on the 30th of June was 208 active, 2 as
sociate and 10 honorary.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Court Yerba Buena has elected L. Met"
ter and P. T. M. Wate as delegates to t la-
High Court. "W. 1. Avery and !'.. Chasa
were chosen as alternates. The court
adopted new by-laws, which have bet v
.sent to the Supreme Chief tor approval.
One candidate was initiated and iinder
good of the order a number of addressee
were made.
Court Seal Rock at its last held meeting
de< Ided that the first meeting night each
month should be one of entertainment
and sociability. The first of these will
be given on the first meeting night in Au
gust. At the meeting last week the Ori
ental degree was conferred In the ampli
fied form on thirteen candidates.
A new court of the order has been insti
tuted at Tucson. Ariz., and one is being
organized at Nogales.
Deputies are at work organizing in
Santa Clara. County and are meeting with
good success.
High chief Hanger McEl fresh is making
visits in the northern part of the State.
Last .Monday he was In Livermore, on
Tuesday he was- with Court San Fran
cisco and on Thursday he was in Stock
ton. On August 1 he will visit Watson
ville. on the 2d he will be in Monter
the 3d in Santa Cruz, on the 4th In Boul
dex Creek, on the 6th in San Francisco and
on the 7th in Petaluma.
"BLIND BOB'S" GRATITUDE.
Donation of One Thousand Dollars to
the Odd Fellows' Home at
Thermalito.
Several .'.ears ago Roben Sargentson, a
member of Kernville Lodge No. 251, Ir.de
i Order of Odd Fellows, of Kern
ville, Kern County, had the misfortune to
• th< sight of his eyes by an explo
sion. His lodge cared 'for him, as all
lodges of the order do when a member is
afflicted, and continued to do so to the
limit of its financial ability, 'but there
came a time when that lodge was unable
to continue its existence, and it appealed
to th« relief committee for assistance.
This body cheerfully took up the burden
and continued to give relief until Borne
time ago, when by one of those sudden
changes in the forttu.es of m m there was
one in favor of Sargentson, who was
known In the order as "Blind Mob," and
he realized upon what many years before
he thought was a very poor Investment.
Recently he passed away, his remains
were laid at rest by the <>'M Fellows, and
'; it was then learned that he had. in grat
| itude for all the kindness shown him In
his affliction, left by will the sum of $1000
to the odd Fellows' Home at Thermalito,
to be used for the benefit of those aged
I members of the order who turn to that
haven when they are no longer able to
battle with the world.
HER WORK APPRECIATED.
Pleasing Resolutions Received by a
Past Grand President of the
Native Daughters.
Mrs. Lena H. Mills, the junior past grand
president of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, during her term of office
was the recipient of many evidences of
the appreciation of the work she did for
the order at large, and In addition to th>se
marks of approbation from all parts of
the State she has just received a set of
engrossed resolutions from the parlor at
Sutter Creek, Amador County, which read
as follows:
Amapola Parlor No. so. Native Daughters of
thf Golden West, extei -;* to \.-wa
Hiik.- Mills, pasi khui i ■ ■ ■ •' th( order.
Resolved, That the members of Amapol i
Parl.>r •' • ■ i I eai • i Dgratul&tlons
• . i .-i Grand it. bI Ii nt Lena v Mills
able manner in which slip presided ovei the
recent Grand Parlor gesslon held In Stockton,
(hereby reflecting greal credit upon the i:"tii"
women of this Golden State He it rtirtl
Resolved, That by li«r st:ini h adherence to
truth and justice she has won the respec) Bind
love of all Native Daughters of the Golden
West. LAURA .T. FRAKES, Pre:
LIZZ.IF MAE WOODWORTH, Secretary.
A Ladies' Night.
California Council No. n3O. of the Na
tional Union, has decided to set aside the
first regular meeting night of each month .
for the entertainment of Its members and
visiting friends in its elegantly appointed
hall in Central block, at Sutter Btreet and
Grant avenue, reserving the alt.
meeting night for business, initiatory ami
degree work The first of these will he
given next Tuesday, and it will be "in
dies' night." so as to give the lady rela
tives of members and their lady friends
an opportunity to determine for them
selves what kind of an organization the
National Union is. There will be a choice
programme of song and recitation ar
ranged by the entertainment committee.
of which' Frank B. Gibson is the chair
man, and this will be followed by a social i
dance.
Garfield Relief Corps.
James A. Garfield Corps, Women's Re
lief Corps, announces a social for next
Tuesday evening in the social hall of the
Alcazar building.
Oakland, who has charge of the store at
Twin Lakes, had a narrow escape from
drowning nsar that resort yesterday. At
Black Point a large wave dashed over
the cliff and washed Pruett off the rocks.
He was able to swim some, but a couple
of young men came to his rescue. Pruett's
hands, fare and sides were cut by the
jagged rocks against which he was
dashed.
Cy^^^^^DTA
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information
regarding special advantages, rates, manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call-
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDSCUREDBYITS WATERS
Fln»st Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall In Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
OVER 01 30 eS kINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate,
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer ana
small game plentiful: magnificent a"yes,
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet
Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland. $8: via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per week
Take S F & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
S P, R. k R. to Callstoga. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further information address J. ( - KAIli -
Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal.. or see
L l> CKAIG. 316 Montgomery st.
nlv^r^^^^r^teT^o" Thirtenfn
and Webst^sts.. p^^-bullwinkel
620 Post St.. San Francisco.
Pg MOUNT HAMILTON M
jjl and the Great Lick Ob- )p
I j~j? —*»■&—- servatory the visitor sees \jr
! t|£| the stars an-i earth as Z?
: .sny. th"'. can be seen from no -»£ ;
ji 1 other point. Hotel Yen- \ j
E .Hi' dome is starting and stop- ! | ;
|i | ping place for all Mount " 1
gis Hamilton visitors. Our lit- ' I
g : ; i tie book tells the story of |
B I a trip to Lick. Write for :• £
I m 1 it. j I
M-; i;K. i. P. SNELL, Mgr., |
|I I San Jose. ■■■ g
SKAGGS'HDTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4V4 HOURS I
from San Francisco and but 0 miles' stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues: beat
i;ati:ral bath in State: swimming and boating:
grand mountain scenery: good trout streams at j
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele- I
graph, daily mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $■" EO. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:3)
a. m or 3:20 p. m. Terms, |2 a day or 512 a
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
../ETNA SPRINGS..
The balmy air and tr;p waters,
with rest and bountiful fare, will
mak.c you feel as good as new.
I>etaiN and rates cheerfully furnished by i
\\ I. Mitchell, mgr.. Aetna Springs. Napa
County, oi J. H. Simpson. Odd Fellows' Bldg.,
San Francisco. "Telephone Mint 1535.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, b o vu e nty.
IJ-p in th- mountains near the lakes,
find in the heart of Lake County'ri min-
eral beU. Take trnin via Ukiah.
RO^J^D TKIP $9.00
J. Martens, prop.; city office. 416 Fine st.
The Place for AnnTJ A DTV n tb rOOT -
RESTand ORCHARDHi^ R . aT ,
HEALTH SPRINGS ISiSS&
KJM. lllllW^ the C. P.R.R. i
Plain Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery. -Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park. Cal
Sea Beach Hotel
. SANTA CRUZ. CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dress J. B. PEAKES. Proprietor.
J. T. DROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL L AM-
ple accommodations in Hotel; also in new
cottages. Just completed.
/WFtS. f\. T. JVIOORF,
BELVEDERE.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW.
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS I
VALLEY;- now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mann County, Cal.
«AMU"L SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. fc'ure cure for dyspepsia, indigestion, j
rheumatism and constipation; hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
is bottled at the springs and contains its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truekee River; pleasant sunny rooms: good
Loating on lake; boats free to guests: prices
reasonable, JS to $10 per week; special rates for
families. VY. J. McDONALD, Manager.
SUNNYSIDE -f A%R/Vl.
NEAR BOHEMIAN GROVE AND RUS-
sian River, 2V4 miles • from Guernevllle.
Plenty of Fishing and Hunting, i An Ideal
Mountain Resort. Terros. $7 per week; chil-
dren under 12 years, half price.
SAMUEL TOMBLINSON, Guernevllle, Cal. .
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; Btage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
ißeswick. Sisklyou County. Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
. culars aDDIy to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Interesting
..Paso Robles..
Many points of Interest
near Paso Robles. Beau-
tiful drives over mountain
and valley to places of re-
nown. The mud and min-
eral baths of Paso Robles
are world famous. Our
little book tells • about
them. Write for it.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.,
Paso Robles.
City Office, 635 Market st.
Region
With ' Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAM C RETREATS
SWEET BRir.R CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP..
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS,
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
MeCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illustrated folders,
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Tickst Office. 613 Market st. (Grand ,
Hotel). I
Mini BAA HOT SPRINGS. — This I
JAIf II I\T I I beautl summer and j
I HilMQfllil winter resort, now
I 11 1 BBa 1 WW cwned and managed by
DR. J PEHRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare ;
of hi? guests, whether Fick or well, is situated j
150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast |
i Ranr<> Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
! The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge, and tank baths: delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids rr others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman t.i Soledad, thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $S. For further
information addran J. PERRAULT. M.D., Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office. 336 Sutter St., S. F.
"PYRON |
■ HOT SPRINGS
Hay? 'he only known r£m o <iy
r r R irutnatism — the Hot
I Min<*rnl R th e . Address Inquiries to :
A. RETTFNS, at th« Springs, or LOM- '
' BARD & CO., room 30, 22 1 Geary St., agents. i
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS. \
(Change of Management.)
R ROBERTSON (for the past five years at I
Paralßo Springs), Prop, and Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thorcughly renovated— new furniture,
beds, carpets, etc. The Table the best the mar-
ket affords. The Baths refitted and improved —
competent attendants and masseurs. Ground.^
and walks: beadtllied. Fine hunting and fish-
ing Trains leave Third and Townsend s=ts., S. j
' F.. at 9 a. m and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gll-
roy for the Springs.
• For illustrated pamphlets and special rates i
by months and for families address R. ROB- i
ERTSON. Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE
Is located in the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
rlJngt baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con- I
n'.ctions, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and huntirrfc. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
, J
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Cclosa County. Cal. 26 miles |
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will 'cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralgia, • liver complaint,
paralysis, dyspepsia, mercury in the system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also natural
mud baths. Temperature of springs, 145 degs
New 2-story hotel and fine new bath-house.
Board and lodginc. including baths, $3 and $10
per week. WM. OELGART. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot* to Visit This Bummer. -
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
lng. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six- |
teen miles from Truckee, In the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because it is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate: picturesque scenery: mountain
walks: pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort
rest and health culture in a short time Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL
CLIMATE. SCENERY, ENTERTAINMENT-
none better in Lake Co.; ges indoors and
ouiL ■ H. WAMBOLdT
HOTEL BENVENUE
AND COTTAGES, LAKEPORT. CAL -
/"» Large ground«; new dancing pavilion, 80x
40: fronts lake 200 ft.: fine bowling alley and
Ehuffleboard; swimming, boating, elegant yacht
free; chiiuren's playgrrund: good table; no Chl-
nese help. F. & A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
KENILWORTH INN,
J^ILL VALLEY— MOST DELIGHTFUL
*'* summer home. Every modern convenience.
' In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
\ San Francisco. Table under personal care of
MRS. . M. MKKRY. Proprietor.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS. CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. : ,
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT gTS2S&
Ing spot, rest, health: perfect atmospr " — ■-
tn Usrlln^t. utaira to hntal. Qfflr.a fit . \
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
IH Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, CaL
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catallna's won-
der'ul attractions. World's records for ro<l
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1
to Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth aeaaon
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles, Ca!.. or call on THOMAS COOK]
& SONS, Agents, 821 Market St.. San Fran-
Cisco. |
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health arc Hotel
and assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets, Terms, Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now in Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., S. F.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY;
of mineral springs, Soda. Sulphur. Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath: swimming
pool, billiards, shuffieboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good:
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stag*
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs. Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkin st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GfITOS.
JUST OPENED: NEW BUILDING: HAND-
sr>me furniture: 50 outside rooms: . every
modem convenience; electric bells and lighting;
ptrfect sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-class
family and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisin*
and service unsurpassed. Commodious fre»
fcample room. LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Propr.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort: cottages, tents, hunting and
fishing, artificial lake for boating and swim-
ming; long distance telephone; campers' return
tickets. $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send
for circular to J. H. HAESTERS, Glenwood.
Cal. ■
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs: baths;
furnished cottages. Terms. $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Sond for circular. O. HOW-
ELL. Hopiand. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
SANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS,
Glen Ellen. Sonoma County; also 20 com-
pletely furnished 5-room cottages; good boat-
Ing, fishing and hunting: finest summer resort
and mineral water for all diseases in America;
camping ground and mineral water free. Apply;
to Dr. C. C. O'Donnel. 1021H Market St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, OH.
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or mere; grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County,
cr apply E, KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F.. fo<
particulars. — '
_ — .«
riDICRATI Most beautiful spot In Lak«
WAnLODAif County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all elsa
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney an<J
bladder affection*. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing andj
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad, Lake County.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE}
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder, 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to $10 pep
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBEROi
RESORT. Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
*
BLUE LAMES HOTEL
WILL BS CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelihe manner, with one of the best
tables in the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip $9 £0. S F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Laka
County. Cal. ■
\7/"\^ifTJ|«| TTF San Francisco to Chl-
V UoLJTII 1 L>« nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mile*
to Yosemlte Vailey. Round trip $32. Singls
fare in either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery sL.San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A qu'.et foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch. 5 miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home la
the redwoods; running water; abundance o£
fruit; good table; terms, $5 per week; children
under 10. $3. Addres3 W. CxtANDELL. Santa
Crui, Cal.
GOOD board and room at 2000 feet elevation.
$6 pet week; free drives: railroad fare $3 up
and return; one mile from station. Address
Redwood Grove, Occidental, Sonoma Coun-
ty. Cal. -
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Callstoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking:
good rooms: $6 per week and- up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Calistoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZ'ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms. with board: good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Ths Call" visitinj Un
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to
for a week or longer by prepaying for sann
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...terms:..
15 Cents .pen Week
65 Cents .....per Month
.- POSTAGE PREPAID.\ OF CITIES// l^lA fc\ 1 Akl fi)-
X\ J /
DAMON BRINGS
SUIT TO ENJOIN
SHERIFF ROGERS
Attacks Decision of
Supreme Court.
BATTLE OVER ALAMEDA LAND
DECLARES LEGISLATURE REN
DERED JUDGMENT VOID.
His Time for Redemption Expires
Monday and Plaintiff Aims to
Defeat Delivery of Deeds
to J. M. Lewis.
Oakland offi,-. ■ Cisco Tall.
•
Jam--? K. Damon, familiarly, known in
a the "Land Baron of ;!■•■ Kn
i a peculiar suit in the Superior
Court to-day wherphy h ks to save
valuah . rty rights Just at the mo
v.'i^r.x thai the Sheriff Is r< • vrute
and deliver deeds fur the same :•■ J. M.
The suit is directed apainst V'r^rlerick
': [. N. Chapmai
It C. B. White. Sheriff O. L, Rogers
et als. as di s, and it involves ii\e
•.'••■ near Ninth
i venue and
• t, also land on San Antonio av
and Willow strei t . and a lot on
street, id thf Encinal City.
rding to the complaint filed this
afternoon Frederick Ball on January '.«.
1597, secured judgment linst J. E. Da
mon. Charles Jackson and S. T. Hubbell,
directors of the Golden Sand Placer Min
ing Company, for $1O('.O as liquidated dam
ages, under a certain act of the Legisla
ture approved April 23, 1880, and f<>r non
compliance therewith by said board of di
rectors, entitled "An act amendatory of an
act for the better protection of the stock
holders in corporations." The judgment
was appealed, but while th< proceedings
in the appeal were being had in the Supe
rior Court; on February 26 IV-7. the Legis
lature passed an amendment by which the
provisions of the first above mentioned act
under which judgment was rendered were
repealed.
Nevertheless the Supreme '•'■,:rt af
firmed the judgment of the lower court
on December 18. 1597. and subsequently ex
ecution was issued to C. B. White, th'-n
Sheriff, to levy on the property of Damon
and hi? Co-director?: and oii July 30, 1898,
the property was sold bj the Sheriff to
J. M. Lewis for $1500. Damon's tin for
redemption expires on Monday, July 30 be
ing Sunday.
Plaintiff Damon contend? that the judg
ment as affirmed by the Supreme Court fn
December, ]Si<7. is void, and he asks that
defendants. Ball. wis and Chapman. be
requii to set forth their claims in court:
that they be debarred from asserting any
legal claim or right, and that ex-Sheriff
"White and Sheriff Rogers be restrained
from executing and ering a deed to
the property to Lewis.
The matter of hearing the application
for a restraining order will come up be
fore the Superior Court next Monday.
EASY VICTORY FOR
OARSMAN TEN EYCK
Outclasses His Opponents in the
Single-Scull Final on the
Charles.
BOSTON, July 2?.— The result of the
threp-onrnerecl championship single feull
race between young Edward Ten Eyck,
Jo=eph Magulre and Joseph Whitehead.
whirh served to attract over 20,000 people
to the banks of the Charles River this
afternoon] was scarcely a feature in the
second and final day of the national re
paua. Ten Eyck iwed b tray from hie
opponents and merely paddled over the
line it the finish, Fix lengths ahead of
Maguire and nine ahead of Whitehead.
Still Ton Eyck came within a foot of los
ing the rao'e on a foul, for he turned the
Our biggest item of store^
Miews this morning is ourjr
f Fancy Creamery Butter. f
9 Unusually good butler^
*at an unusually low price.
J The best the grassyj
of Humboldt county J
Jfurnishes, and enough ofj
fit to accommodate all. \
nll . „_ Monday, Tuesday OA f
* Square an d Wednesday 30 c J
* Broken Java lb 10c?
g Sold a lot of this coffee last wi-eV. Q
! Roastfd, gro-ind or in the berry. \
A Winner in economy. m
4 Early Breakfast Coffee.. 15ci
a a better coffee than generally \
9 sells for 25c. V
#Cube Sugar 18 lbs $1<
A Sprecke'.'s best cane. d
f Rolled Oats io lb 25c
. Kastern hot-roller oats. »
fGroundChocolate lbcan 25c
9 Ghiraradelli's— make in a minute. 7
Syrup gal $lf
A Log Cabin brand. Pure Vermont. A
i ßuckwheat Flour. . .pkg 10cJ
\ Minnesota buckwheat. x
0 I.og Cabin brand. Reg. 15c. f
iMarsell's Sardines 10cj>
A High grade, small Krench. A
jßolled Wheat . 12 lb 25c}
f White flaktd Sonora. • *
'Corn Starch 4 pkgs 25cf
0 Kingsford's— you know that brand. m
J Pan-Cake Flour, .pkg 10c^
A Aunt Jemima's. The kind that A
y needs no yeast or powder, and j
a makes the perfect pan-cake. A
JOolong Tea lb 40c
\ Formosa Oolong. Can particula-ly V
A recommtnd this. No tickets. No A
f crockery— just good tea.
Graham Flour 10 lbs 18c
\Corn Meal 10 lbs 16c
9 Fresh stock.
Seed 7 lbs 25c
A Mixed or plain. Don't forget the
f bird nor his food.
■W EIGHT SAVING STORES:
1 735 Market Bt. R. F. 1311 Polk St. 8. T.
9 1060 W««hin(iton. < >ak Shattuck At, Bfrkrlej
A qth k WiiKhimrton " Central Ay, AJamed*
9 E 12th fc l^th At. ' " 7th * Wood. O»k
ARMED MANIAC
OUTWITTED BY
TWO OFFICERS
Presence of Mind Pre
vented a Murder.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 29.
To a bit of well-applied presence of
mind Officer B. L. Curtis attributes his
hair-breadth escape from death at the
hands of a raving maniac, with whom he
and a brother officer, Frederick Schroe
der. had a desperate encounter this morn
ing.
A telephone message to the City Prison
had pumnu>m-d the patrol wagon and the
two officers to a Rrooery store conducted
at 1460^ Seventh street by Frank Brown,
it was announced that Mr. Brown's
brother-in-law, John Charles Barrett,
!!^f"i 57 years, had suddenly become a
raving maniac.
Whfn Officers <^urtis and SrhroedtT ap
proached the door of the grocery store'
Barrett blocked the doorway and point
ing a 38-caliber revolver at Officer Curtlß—
a few feet off — shouted a warning,
"If you come neat I'D kill you."
Quick as a flash Officer Curtis' presence
of mind came to his rescue anrt the officer
Stepped bark a pace an«l asked. "What
are you doing with that little book in
"IF YOU COME NEAR I'LL KILL YOU."
wrong buoy and Maguire missed his shell
by a short foot. Maguire' s subsequent
allowed.
Th-- two eigbt-oared events -the -»ni'ir.
which was \v.>n by th<-- Pennsylvania
i Club, and the Intermediate, which
was won by th-' Boston Athletic Ass
tion— were hotly contested, while the in
doubles and the four-oared
races were fully as exciting. The New
York Athletic Club won the foui
and th^ .! Nt Rowing Associa
tion 'if K.ist Boston the doubles,
while the Inti rrnediate singles and the as
were won by
Frank B. Greer, also of the Jeffries
Point, and John Rumohr of Rat Portage.
But one accidenl marred the day's -port
and again the Vesper crew of Philadel
phia. In the Intermediate eight-oared race,
■ ie unfortunate victim. With a win
ning lead No. 2 in the boat hroki- his
rowlock, with great heroism he jumped
overboard rather than become a pas
senger. He was picked up in safety, but
wept when his crew lost the race. The
wt>ath"r conditions were very great, al
_h the water was not as smooth as
■lay and the inside course was
worth a length over the outside.
in the seniors Fhternational fours the
Brockvllle crew simply rowed away from
the St. Louis four,
A greater crowd never assembled in this
From Harvard bridge, which was
packed with humanity, to the finish line,
a mile away, the right bank of the
f'harlep was lined with enthusiasts flve
. deep, while toward the boat club
house the streets were crowded. Results:
Intermediate senior sculls, final — Won by
Frank B. Gre?r. Jeffries Rowincr Association,
East Boston. Time, 10:49.
Association senior single sculls, final— won by
John Rumohr. Rat Portase Bowing Club, Rat
P. rtage, Ont. Time. 10:25.
Intermediate four-oared shells, final— Won by
New York Athletic Club, New fork City, C.
H Turner (bo.w). I. Fitzgerald Jr., A. <r.
Kcan- C Radcliffe (stroke). Time, 9:42.
Senior international four-oared shells, final,
one and r>ne-hair mllps straightaway— won by
Brockvllle Rowing Club. Brockville, Ont. H.
Fraeer (bow), C. T. Wilkinson, E. C. Am, F.
[. Ritchie (stroke). Time. 9:10.
Intermediate double sculls, final— on by
Jeffries Point Rowing Association. East "°s
ton. Kdward J. Brown (bow), Frank B. Greer
(stroke). Time. 10:02%. j
fhamjiinnship senior singles— won by Edward
Hanlon Ten Eyck. Wnchauselt Roat Club.
\V ircenter. Time. 10:16S4- ' , -
9en i eight-oared shells— Won by Pennsylva
nia Barge Club, Philadelphia. Time, 7:40V4.
Intermediate eight-oared shells— Won by Boe
ton Athletic Association. Time. 8:04.
O'DONNELL WINS A FIGHT.
Knocks Out Beech Reuble in the
Eighth Round.
NEW YORK, July 20. Steve O'Donnell,
the heavy-weight pugilist and boxing In
structor ai Harvard University, scored his;
first, knockout this afternoon, when he
put Beech Reuhle of Ohio out in the j
eighth with a hook on the chin in^ the
Westchester arena at Tuckahoe, N. Y. ;
About 2000 spectators were present, and |
Brooklyn Jimmy Carroll was rtferee.
The men were 'scheduled to light twenty
flve rounds at catch weights. R'-U
--ble weighed 170 pounds and was sufrerfng
from fright, while O'DonneU was thirty!
pounds heavier. O'Donnell had a great
advantage also In height and reach. He
fought all around his man ami hart him '
froggy condition for three rounds
prior to the knockout, and yet h- had all
he could do to finish Reuble. He knocked
Reuble d'.wn time after time, but the I
latter came back as long as he was able
In the opening round Reuble raised a hot
■welling over Q'Donnell'S left eye.
Lowers Three Records.
IvONDON. July 29.— At the Crystal Pal
ace track to-night A. A. Chase broke the
cycle records for two, three and four
miles, covering the distances respectively
tn 3 minutes 25 1-6 MCOBdS, 6 minutes 9
seconda and 6 minutes B4 4-8 seconds.
Chase was paced by a motor tandem.
Found Floating in the Bay .
SEATTLE, July 29.— Three weeks ago
George Brannigan, rook on the steamer
Queen, disappeared. To-night his body
'.>..,- found floating in the bay. He was
about 37 years of age and formerly re-
Bided in Ban Francisco. An uncle livep at
Ban Bernardino.
Corcoran Taken to Boise.
WAI.IjACK, July 29.— Paul Corcoran,
who wax on Thursday last found guilty
Of the murder of James Cheyne during
the Wardner riots, wan to-day taken to
th'- penitentiary nt Boi<:e to serve his sen
tence of seventeen years.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 30 I _lg9ff.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
HENRY WEBER PASSES
TO THE GREAT BEYOND
OAKLAND, July 29.— Henry "Weber, well known in Alameda County as
a public-spirited citizen, died last night in bis home at Temescal, from
the effects of a stroke of apoplexy with which he was stricken early
yesterday morning.
Weber had just fcissed his wife and left her room to go to his daily toil.
He busied himself in his bakery shop on Telegraph avenue and Forty-third
street when he was suddenly overcome by a sudden rush of blood to his
head. He fell prostrate before his brother, who was with him at the time,
could reach him.
The stricken man was quickly carried to his bed and Dr. J. P. Dunn sum
moned. Weber passed away about 11 o'clock, unconscious and surrounded
by his entire family.
The deceased was a prominent politician, busying himself with the affairs
of the community and accomplishing much ty better municipal conditions.
He worked honestly and consistently for the annexation of outside districts.
One of his most earnest labors was directed toward the attainment of a good
sewer system for Telegraph avenue. Not long agn he appeared before the
City Council and pleaded for an immediate improvement of the sewerage and
water system of TemescaL He claimed that it would not surprise him if
any or all of his ten cttlldren were suddenly stricken down by the foul, pes
tilential odors which arose from the defective system in that district. The
address made a profound impression on the board.
Weber was 42 years of age and leaves a widow ami ten children. His
iove for liN family was Btrong and he is deeply mourned by his sorrowing
family as well as by his many friends, some of whom have felt his kindly
hand of charity.
your coat pocket?" The rusp worked like
a charm and as the maniac's eyes were
searching for the objeel Inquired auout
the two officers pounced upon Barrett,
but not without a most desperate struggle
was tli-- revolver wrenched from the grasp
of the madman and he himself overpow
ered. He was finally thrown to the floor
and manacled. From beneath his blouse
fell a huge cheese knife.
While being taken to the Receiving Hoa
BLOODHOUNDS ON THE
TRAIL OF AN ABDUCTOR
He Enticed a Girl Away From Home
on the Pretense of Giving Her
Employment.
ROCTIESTKR. Ind., July i^.-One week
ago Sheriff Feltz of this rounty received
notice from Michigan warning him to look
out for -a stranger headed ihis way with
a iniKsy believed to have been stolen.
About the same *ime an unknown man
stopped at the farmhouse of W. M. Ber
ger, Bouthwesl of this city, representing
that he wanted to employ a girl to work
on his farm near this city.. Miss Nellie
Berger agreed to accompany him, and the
two drove a*way together. Failing within
a day or two to bear of their daughter,
the parents began making inquiries, and
they discovered that there was no such
farm as the one described by the stranger,
and that he had driven in an opposite di
rection, abandoning the horse and buggy
at Illion. in Marshall County, after which
the girl and man both disappeared.
Lasi evening a man supposed to be the
abductor was seen In the timber eight
miles from this city by ponjf berry pick
ers. A girl was with him. and she evi
dently made an effort to escape to the
women. The man used such violent lan
guage that they were frightened away.
By daylight this morning 300 men were
patrolling the road surrounding the tim
ber, which Is i"° acres in extent along
th<-- banks of the Tippecanoe River. Blood
bounds have been secured, and a careful
search la being made. Th^re is talk of
lynching.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postoffice and Army Changes and
List of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. July 29.— Ernest C,
Morse was to-day appointed Postmaster
at Craftonville, Ban Bernardino County,
vice Albert E. Gordon, removed.
Army orders— By direction of the Secre
tary of War. Lieutenant Colonel Ernest
A. GarMngton, Inspector general, is re
lieved from duty in the office of the. In
spector general of the army and will pro
c< ed to Ban Francisce and report in per-
Bon to the rommandlng general of the
I >epartment of California for assignment
to such duty as may be required, and on
completion of the duty assigned to him
will proceed to tho Philippine [stands.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James K.
Btockard will proceed from Burlington,
N. ''.. to San Francisco. Acting Assist
ant Burgeon Frank L. R. Tetamnrc will
proceed from Buffalo. N\ V.. to San Fran-
Cisco. Acting Assistant Surgeon Robert
Burns will report in person to the com
manding officer nf the Third Cavalry for
duty to accompany that regiment to the
Philippine islands. Acting Assistant Bur
geon wllllam H. Tukey will pi-. weed from
Maiden. Mass., to San Francisco and re
port in person to the commanding general
of the Department of California for as
signment to duty.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Increase- Daniel Winders,
Chlco $H to $]2; George \v. Webb. San
Diego, $n 25 to H6; Albert H. Blocomb,
Ban Diego, $* to $10; Henry H. Jones, Sol
diers 1 Home, Lob Angeles, ?o to $v Re-
Issue and Increase— Wllllam A. Stewart,
County Hospital, Sacramento. %% to $12.
Oregon: Original widow, etc.— Ellen 8.
Caldwell. Gurdane, SB.
Washington: Additional -James Rloan,
Stones $6 to $8. Increase Henry Roberts,
Hamilton, $6 to $12; Thomas J. Sturman.
Spokane. $6 to $8; special, July 20— Dennis
Leahy, Auburn, $8 to $10.
Ends Life While Pursued.
ASTORIA, Or.. July 29.— A remarkable
suicide occurred a few days ago at the
town of Ranier. and the officials of Col
umbia County are greatly perplexed. The
suicide acted erratically in the morning,
flourishing a revolver and attracting at
tention in Other ways. When Marshal
Shuneson attempted to arrent him he
drew a bead on the officer and compelled
him to Stand back. The man then fled,
and on being pressed by pursuers he ran
Into the river. When his pursuers started
for him he placed the revolver in his
mouth and blew out his brains. The man
was a stranger and unknown. The body
was photographed and burled.
ACCUSED OF INCENDIARISM.
SANTA ROSA. July 29.— The school
house at Timber Cove was destroyed by
first last nitfht. entailing a loss of |T>on.
J. P. Williams, one of the directors of
the school district, to-day swore out a
pital for the insane Barrett was asked
why he had wished to shoot Officer Cur
tis and he replied that he was "Well
aware that I am in charge of two police
officers of America, hut I had a' riß.it to
shoot because a soldier is way above
everything."
Late this afternoon Barrett was ex
amined for insanity at the Receiving Hos
pital and later Judge Greene commit ted
him to the asylum at Ajjnews.
To the Lunacy Commission Barrett
claimed that he could Bee spirits about
him and that his brother-in-law had bet n
trying to rob him.
Frank Brown when questioned said: "I
do not nprard him safe to be around.
When I went to my store this morning
Barrett approached me ami said, 'Now
I've K r 't you. lam going to kill you.' I
tried to reason with him. but it was no
use and I made a dasli from the store and
escaped
Paul Buckley Is Not Dead.
ALAMEDA, July 29. The persistent ru
mors of the ■ Jrat li of young Paul Buckley
of this city, which is said to have oc
curred in the Klondike, ar«- set at real by
\v. M. Rank, who arrived here last night
fr..m the northern gold fields. He says
he heard of Buckley at Mulato, wh~r»- the
young man has been sick, but under the
care of the mission fathers is rapidly re
gaining his health.
Mr Hank, who was formerly prominent
In local railroad circles, will not return to
the Klondike. He brought his gold out
with him with the Idea of leaving Alaska
forever.
Takes Back His Wife.
OAKLAND, July 29.— Frank Dutra,
whose wif<> eloped a week ago with Jo-
Eepti Foster, ;i farm hand, has welcomed
his wife to hla home In San Leandro and
forgiven .-ill her transgressions. Foster
and Mrs. Dutra left San Leandro together
and came to Oakland to live, hut the new
life did noi suit the erring woman, and in
n repenting mood Bhe h^geed her hus
bands forgiveness. Interceding friends
hikl the woman's pleadings worked upon
Dutra, ami now the entiro matter Is
patched up.
The proa test remedy for anger is de
lay.— Seneca.
warrant in Judge Brown's court, charg
ing H M. Gregson and A. Gotsch, two
well-known residents of Timber Cove,
with having fired the building. Consta
bles Peerman and Gilliam left this after
noon to serve the papers. The arrests
will create considerable excitement in the
( oast count ry.
A CHANCE TO RE-ENLIST.
Oregon Volunteers May Again Go
the Wars.
The following order has been issued
the officers of the recruiting station
this city;
Adjutant General's Office,
Washington, D. C. July 2*. 1599.
To roeriiiting officer. 121 New Mnnt-
f ornery street, San Francisco, Cal.:
'ormt'r iru-mbfrs Second Oregon who
meet all requirements and apply for re
enUstment for Thirty -fifth I'nited
States Volunteer Infantry within ton
(Hi days from muster out may bo
given thirty days' furlough if they so
desire, upon such enlistment. By order
of acting Secretary of War.
(Signed! WARP. Asst. Ad.it. Gen.
To Greet Pennsylvanians.
PITTSBI'RG. Pa.. July 29.— The West
ern Pennsylvania reception committee
]< ft to-night for San Francisco t<> greet
the Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment on it«
debarkation at that port. Tin- committee
is composed of prominent city officials
and representatives of every daily news
paper in Western Pennsylvania.
Mrs. Surah Cooper Dead.
SANTA CRUZ, July 29.— Mrs. Sarah
Cooper la dead at the home of her daugh
ter. Mrs. August o. Hlhn. She waa a
native of Maine. The funeral will be held
to-morrow from the late home in YWitson
vllle. The deceased was the widow of
the late Thomas Cooper, • ptpneer settlor
iv the county. She leaves a daughter,
Airs. August O. Hlhn of Santa Cruz, and
a son. Fennlmore Cooper of Watsonville.
She was a sister of Joseph Scott of San
ta Cruz, Lucius Sunborn. Mrs. D. M,
Snow and Mrs. R. D. Porter of Watson
; ville.
Big Blaze- at Hull.
HI'T.T,, England, July 29.— Brisson,
Jameson & Co.'s timber yard and Sarior
& Co.'s grand warehouse were destroyed
by fire, to-night. The loss is £120.000.
TO INSPECT THE VALLEY ROAD.
H. C. Short, general traveling agent of
the Santa Fe system, arrived in this city
from Chicago yesterday morning. He will
remain here about two weeks and will
make a thorough examination of all per
taining to the Valley road. He expects to
complete a tour over all of that tine that
is thus far completed and to thoroughly
acquaint himself with the work that baa
b( iii done hs well as that now In prog
r> 88, and the plans of improvement that
have been deafened for the future. Fin
ishing with the Valley road, Mr. Sh-.rt will
proceed to Los Angeles, where be will
make a like Inspection of all the property
belonging to the Santa Fe.
The officials of the Pennsylvania road
have decided to show their appreciation of
the valor displayed by th>' volunteers from
their State by carrying the returning he
roes to their homes in a manner that wii!
leave no room for either complaint or
criticism. The men will be carried across
the continent in good shape, and nothing
which may tend to their comfort will be
left undone.
This action is in strong contrast with
the treatment being meted out to the men
of Oregon. All that the men from that
State know of the plans made to carry
them to their homes is that the rate will
be $9 50 per man.
Slashed With a Knife.
Edward Welch, a soldier of the casual
detachment, got Into a row last night
. with some of his companions in a saloon
on Howard street, near Fourth, and re
ceived a bad knife wound in the neck.. He
fell on the sidewalk outside the place, and
was taken to the Receiving Hospital in
! the ambulance. Welch claimed he fell on
• a broken bottle, but the surgeons at the
hospital say the wound is clearly that of
: a knife.
Became Insane.
Edwin C'arr. a schoolteacher, recently
arrived from Honolulu, became suddenly
insane yesterday morning at his lodgings
at 108 McAllister street and attempt. -1 to
leap through a window. He was cap
tured t>y other guests in the house and
turned over to the police, who pot him
to the Receiving Hospital after a hard
struggle. He was charged with insanity.
WAS TIRED OF
LIFE WITHOUT
ONE TO LOVE
Gripman Frank Mott
Attempts Suicide.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 29.
Because his attentions paid to a buxom
Monde servant girl residing in Fruitvale
' found favor no longer. Frank Mott. form
erly a gripman on the old San Pablo av
enue cable line, attempted to end his life
this afternoon at 808 San Pablo avenue by
cutting his left wrist with a sharp razor.
Groans emanating from his rooms at
tracted the attention of his landlady, Mrs.
Lizzie. M. Coakley, and she promptly
forced open the door and found her
roomer lying on his bed with blood spurt
ing from an ugly gash across the wrist.
The police were notified and Mott was
quickly removed to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Dr. Rowe and Steward Bor
(1m rt applied every means to save the
would-be suicide's lifp. All the arteries of
1 the left arm at the wrist were severed and
taking into consideration the man's weak
condition from l"ss of blood the doctors
1 were not very sanguine of saving him.
j They worked over him several hours,
i however, and to-night he is resting as
easily an can be expected. He was not
strong enuiigh at any time during his
treatment to state a reason for his rash
tit tempt at suicide, but those who know
him best attribute his desire to die to dis
-1 appointment in love.
Mott gained considerable unenviable
notoriety last May as the result of a per
sonal encounter with Miss Kliza Schom
berg, a servant girl, at the law office of
Attorney Hugh Aldric-h. On that occa
sion it was stated that he drew a revolver
on the young woman. He was afterward
' arrested and fined for carrying a con
cealed weapon, but at the trial stoutly
denied that he had a gun In his posses-
Blon vi the time of his encounter with
Mi-s Schomberg who is a handsome
blonde of most attractive figure and with
whom he had been on intimate terms for
several months. At that time, too, Miss
Si '■ omberg claimed that the alleged as-
Bault upon her was the climax of her re
fusal to loan her lover any more money,
while Mott claimed the young woman had
been interfering with his affairs by calling
on Attorney Aldri.h to learn whether or
not he (Mott) bad taken anj steps toward
tiling a divorce suit against his wife, who
resides in Illinois with in r two children.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— SaiIed July Ss»— Stmr Kensing
ton, for New York.
LIVERPOOLr-Arrived July Stmr Derby
ihlre from Boston.
Saile.l July 29-Stmr Campania, for New
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 29— Stmr Cym
ric for New Tork.
BIIEMEX- Arrived July 29— Stmr Prince Re
gent Luitiiold, from New York.
BaileJ July 28— Stmr Bremen, for New York.
HAVRE -sailed July 89— Stmr La Cham
pagne, For New York.
CHERBOURG— Arrivpd July 23— Stmr St.
l^ouis. from New York.
DOVER— Passed July 29-Stmr Kensington,
from Antwerp, for New York.
STEAMER TEES BRINGS
GOLD FROM ALASKA
Treadwell Mining Company of
Juneau Brings Suit to Con
test the Tax Laws.
VICTORIA. B. C. July 20.— The steamer
T> i s arrived to-night from Alaska with
120 passengers and a large amount of
treasure. Governor Mclnnis, whose re
turn in view of the crisis in the Cabinet
was anxiously awaited, was a passenger.
He drove directly io the Government
I foiis<-. declining to be interviewed.
The Tees brings a report that on her
arrival at Skaguay the steamer city of
Seattle reported the steamer Farallon
ashore below Wrangel Channel. She was
in no danger, b<-ing only on a sandbar,
and it was thought she would get off with
the tide. The steamer Princess Louise
had a similar experience near Cape
Mudire on Tuesday, she was on a bar
three or four hours, but got off without
Injury.
The Treadwell Mining Company of Ju
neau uill contest the tax law in the court.
A. W. Carters, a stockholder, has filed a
suit in equity, asking for an injunction to
allow the corporation to escape payinc
tlie tax. A temporary Injunction was
granted and the company will not be re
quired to pnv its Jio.syi taxes until the
constitutionality of the tax is determined
'. ti ( ourt.
G. R, THOMAS POST BANQUET.
The banquet hall of the California Hotel
was crowded to its utmost capacity last
evening with the veteran guests who con
gregated to do honor with plate and gob
let to the twentieth anniversary of the
formation of George H. Tiiomas Post No.
2. G. A. R.. and the twenty-second anni
versary of the birth of the famous soldier
■tlt'-r whom it is named.
The first attention of the guests was
directed to the excellent menu that had
been provided for their delectation, and
after the viands had been dispersed and
dismembered, song, story, speech and
reminiscence was the order or the even
ing. Many an impromptu good thing was
gott< ii oft, many a good story was told
and many a song was BUng by voices that
had lost but little of the power to charm
that they had possessed when in the dark
il.ivs of the wilderness they were called
into requisition to cheer many a soldier's
camptire and bring thoughts of home to
many a lonely outpost. Aside from these,
the following net programme was carried
out tO the letter:
Welcome. Post Commander E. A.
Bullis; toast. "George H- Thomas,"
Comrade Belden Sturgis; song,
"Marching Through Georgia'; toast,
"Past, Present and Future of George
II Thomas Post," < '.miracle A. D. Cut
ler- Bong, "Should Old Acquaintance
Be Forgot?"; "The Yankee in 1825,"
Comrade D. C. Smith; "What I Saw
in the Philippines," General Owen
Hummer? Second Oregon Regiment;
toast "Expansion or Non-Expansion—
That s the Question." Colonel ,T. H.
Jackson; souk. "Battle Hymn of the
Republic"; recitation, Adjutant John
H Roberts; toast. •'California the
Golden Stair,' Brigadier General W.
11. Sea mans; pong, "Battle Cry of
Freedom"; specialties, Merton C. Al
ien- toast, "The Army and Navy.'
Comrade Frank J. Synunes; song,
■America"; taps.
"Sans Gene" to Be Repeated.
Owing to the requests that have been
made by the numbers of Miss Bates" ad
mirers who have failed to see her in
"Sans Gene." owing to the fact that the
houses were completely sold out every
night last week nrd hundreds were com
pelled to turn away disappointed. Mr.
Fniwley has determined on a split in the
bill this week. On Monday. Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday evenings "One
nt our Girls" will be produced, as has
already been announced. The balance of
the week. including the Saturday matinee
and Sunday evening, will see the perform
ance of "Madame Sans Gene" repeated.
'Phones for La Honda.
REDWOOD CITY. July 29.— The Sunset
Telephone Company has just completed
stringing its wires from this place to La
Honda. This throws every portion of San
Mateo County into direct communication
with the outside world. Heretofore com
munication could be had with La Honda
only by mail or messenger. The line runs
over the mountains and aggregates about
eighteen miles of wire.
irs% (I NEWS \
■-y JULj jn>Lt^i JLa'-Mia v \\ bay crnts I
SUDDEN DEATH
OF DR. JAME
SMALLEY ADAMS
Succumbed to Affec
tion of the Heart.
OLD RESIDENT OF OAKLAND
IDENTIFIED WITH THE PROG
RESS OF THAT CITY.
Died at Calistoga, Where He Had
Gone With His Wife in
Search of Rest and
Health.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
008 Broadway. July 29
Dr. Frank Adams received a telegraphic
dispatch from Calistoga to-night convey
ing the sad news nf the death of his
father. Dr. James Smalley Adams, which
occurred there late this afterno
Dr. J. S. Adams left Oakland about j
three weeks. In company with his wife, for
Highland Springs, and later went on to
Calistoga. He had been suffering from j
heart, trouble for some time past and his '
death is attributed to this malady.
Deceased was one of the oldest prac
titioners rin-l most respected citizens of
Oakland, having resided here for the past |
thirty yeara, and beinp Identified with i
the growth of the city. He was formerly
a member of the medical partnership of j
Adams & Agard. Dr. Adams was a na- i
tive of Vermont and aged 18 years. He |
was a member of Oakland J,odge of the i
Masonic fraternity, under whose auspices
the funeral will probably be held. He
leaves a widow, who was with him at the
time of his death, the son mentioned and
a daughter. Miss Carrie Adams.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. July 29.
I' S stmr Hancock, Ames, Tj days from Ma- ;
nila, via Yokohama IS days.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, I'O hours from Ta-
Stmr Bonita, Nicholson, — hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 29 hours from
Houlds Lnndine.
Ptmr Weeott, Rurtis. 26 hours from Eureka.
BJftn Uncle John, Murchlson, 3 days from
Eur< :..i
Schr Occidental, Brandt, 3 days from Eu- |
reka.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 29.
S-^hr Aloha, Dabel, Honolulu; Williams, Dl
rnond & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 29.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Oleen. .
Stmr Scotia. Strand, Rookport.
Stmr Cleone. HlgKins, .
Be Harriet (J. Wayland. New Britain.
Schr Archie & Fontie, Johannsen, Stewarts
Schr H D Bcndixen, Olsen. Port Blakeley.
Schr Muriel, Cfirlsen, Port Blakeley.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 29. 10 p. m— Weather
foggy; wind west: velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Br bk Ventura — July 5, lat 18 N, long 121
W-Br ship Andreta. hence June 16. for
Queenstown. Same date and same lat and
long— Br ship showing letter J R B Q.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT ROSS— Arrived July 29— Schr Mary C,
hf-nre .Tuly 2S
Sailed July 23— Sohr Mary C, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Juiy 29— Stmr Sequoia,
from Clirperton Islands.
<;RAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 2S— Schr Glen,
for Santa Barbara. Schr Jennie Stella, for
BOWENS LANDINO—SaiIed July 29— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
FORSAKES FIRESIDE
FOR FOOTLIGHT FAME
ANNA MUELLER, WHO IS DETERMINED TO SING.
PRETTY Anna Mueller, the uaughter of well to do parents who have
for years been prominent in Mission stciety. has taken to the stage foi
a profession despite the protest of a fond mother who did not want her
child to leave home for the uncertainties of a life before the foot
lights. Miss Mueller had notions of her own. however, and one d\v
last week she quietly interviewed the manager of the Oberon Muni.- Hall and
signed with him for a two weeks' engagement. She gave further evidence
> of her business ability by making < r.pr.tKenici.ts in Portland, and ultimately
I intends to go Ea^t and cast her fortuues with the singers of the Casino or
I some other good opera company.
. Miss Mueller has been popular in the leading German societies of this c!:y
for several years and has appeared at many of their functions, both social
► and public. She possesses a strong and sympathetic soprano voice and has
) the advantage of youth and a very pretty face.
. "I love to sing," she said when seen at the close of a performan<-f the
' other night, "and I was determined to go on the stage, although mother and
' my friends objected. My idea is to improve and eventually to sing In good
) opera in the East, and I do not regret the loss of any friends wbo con«id«r
) themselves shocked just because I have decided to become an actress."
PPORT I.OS ANGELES— Arrived July 29—
Stmr GreenwiHid, from Point Arena.
Sailed July 28 -Stir.r r.ro-nwfwd. for .
KVKRETT- Sailed July 2»— Bk Oakland, for
San Francisco.
MENTXXHNO— Arrived July 25— Schr Golden
Gat) . hence July 26.
EUREKA— Arrived July 20— Stmr Pomona,
hence July 2S. Stmr North Fork, henr-e
July 2S.
Sailed July tt— Schr Esther Babne, for Hon
olulu.
ASTORIA -Arrived July 29— Stmr State of
California, hence July 27.
FORT BRAOG— Arrived July 29— Stmr Xoyo,
hence July 2S.
Sailed July 20— 8tmr Noyo, for San Fran-
SEATTLE— Arrived July 20— Stmr Willam
ette, hence July 2".
TACOMA— Arrived July 29— Stmr Walla Wal
la, hence July 25.
Sailed July 29— Stmr Queen, for Alaska. Bk
Big Bonanza, for San Francisco.
KASTER.V PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July Stmr New-
York, from Southampton, via Cherbourc.
Sailed July it— Stmr Esaba. for London; stmr
Lucania, for Liverpool; stmr Statendam, for
Rotterdam; ftmr Palatia, Hamburg; Btmr La
Gascogne, for Havre; stmr Ethiopia, foi Glas
gow.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 29— Stmr Koenl
gen Luis, from Bremen, for Southampton.
FOREIGN PORTS.
DEPARTURE BAT— Sailed July 29— Ship
Lueile, for Honolulu.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GKANI.i HOTEL.
C M Maze &w, Cal 1 J S Hare. Cal
G" Mlgllavacca & W.IC Hampton, Cal
Napa I Miss Peters. L AnR
Mrs L H Sass & <l. 11l F H Buckingham & w,
C G Rose England Vacaville
H Kohl 111 M RotiMcblM, Chicago
L H Allen. Worcecter M Baxter, I>aw?on
B A Green, Worcester Ida Luce, Wheatland
\V L Davis, Redwood W 8 Rowell, Fresno
a Hanford, Sacto P Goldsmith. Oakland
M F Odell. Sacto P A Tharaldson, Ariz
J Haas. Nevada City A J Curry «w. Cal
C P Bailey, Cal Ml .- li H Greenleaf,
A S Rix, Cal ' Albuquerque
P \V Collins, Denver J M Browning & w,
F Dunn, Berkeley S C
H X Brand, Sonoma Mr & Mrs Norboni &
C I Madden. Chicago c, Cal
Mrs X Howard. Cal Mrs R M Ranb. la
s E Baker, N V Mrs H WeiUer, Pa.
G Kramer &w. Or jE S Gordon & ir, Cal
Ml?s A FlemlnK. Cal H C Short, Topeka
E M Bayless, St Loula J E Baxter. L.\ns
.1 \V Molyneaux, Minn J Heaney, L A'ipr
a Smith, Stockton jJ Manning:. L Ang
I. H Tuttle, Cal ,J M Brook*, L Ang
R E Devney. WheelinßlS B Harry. Mi h
Miss 1. M Bunster. St H B Weill & w. 11l
Michael B H Wilson & w, Cal
Mrs \V X Gassett, Bt C L Glazier, Mo
Michuel C S McNicbola & w,
R Rea, Portland ; Parker
Mrs A E Hammond. Or F M Conser. Wash
Mrs L Marshall, Or IC Hampton, S Jose
Miss A Seaman. Oi G Hampton. S Jose
Q M Pock, Stockton F H Kirk. Sacto
Mlsa S W Hi"!k<>. Colo W N Rhorer. Fresno
'! Prenin & w. Cal A C Rosendalfl & w,
Mrs J L Garnot, Ky I Pacific Grove
F Trutsleln. Wis ; Miss A Barry. Cal
B Spencer. Va G H Anderson. 9 JoM
w m Garnot, Ky Miss X Arthur. 11l
E E Conley, Sacto H i> Lsusen, Oroville
J f'ulllnan'. Benicia W T EHI?, w, c & n,
C W Smith, Cal Marysville
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Braslan. Boston A C Smith. Portland
Dr J Jones, Wash 1 X Jtyor. X V
X F Evans. Phlla I Miss A Ryer. X T
8 I Hopkins. Saeto |Mlns F Ryer. N V
R H Herron. I, Ang P Johnson, Mad"ra
P Ren.-ipl N Orleans IF Bharpless, Mulera
Mrs Renard. N Orleans W M Harvey, '.'olo
B s Churchill, Napa W <;.mnt. Ky
3 Williamson, N 1 ° J Smith. Reno
I Rubel, Chicago J Priest Salt Lake
C G Weber St Louis 'O Gray. Carson
W MeCormiok. Utah j H V Palen. Kan City
Mrs McCormlck. I'tah C BlockinKton, Sonnra
3 E Ryan. Portland |W Swain. Marvsville
A Coulter. Pa H Munchmeyer. Germy
Pr J M Murdock. X V E C MOxl N T
<; II Hlrden. NY B C Mix. X V
Mrs Hlrden, N V jMiss Meeks. Mo
L C Hlrden. NY R I> Stephens. Sacto
Ml=s R Hirien. N V Pr Kepler, Chlco
Mrs> H Weiler. Phlla Mrs Keeler. Chico
Mrs R Raab. lowa J W Flthlan. N J
A Schneider, Paris J A Murphy. N -
\V Marshall. Phila 'W A Murphy, N J
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss B EnFlgn. Mo IC L, Lynn &w, N Dak
Mips L, Holtzapple. Mn'F S Elrher. N Dak
A Chandler New York W E Taylor, Ohio
A Thomas, ChioaßO E E Brj-an. D C
J J Carraher & w. 111 M 1^ Beates, Kansas
W E Hazard A- w. Aus A F Fitch, Kansas
O F Downs. Ohio H R Carpenter. Cal
L S Dougherty. Mo H E Shore. Petaluma
H C L«ndfrm»n. Or M Madden, Seattle
Z, E Buckner. S Rosa V F Martin, Ofikdale
C H Inne? Ahordeen E P McPhlllomy, Cal
A Boropl. San .lose U M Small, Mexico
E Leavltt. Fresno I A Weaver. San Jose
A B Fullmer. Ohio |Mrs A H Vesey. Cal
J J O'Connor. Sn Jose C A Rronn, <"hicago
T Taylor, L'kiah W Kataliob. Llvermr
P J Mogan. Petaluma N M Nelson, Missouri
F J Connolly. Sn Diego J W Smith. Stockton
I I dp Martini tVlfax ,J G Muellilebach. Mo
F Marshall. Portland G W Scanlan, "vVIs
W H Merrick. Portlnd!
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
300 Hayes Btreet: open until 9:80 o'clock
63? McAllister street; open until 9:30 clock.
613 rkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission Btreet; i pen until 10 o clock.
• 22i-l Market Btreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. . n . o lnMr
100 pventh street: r.pen until 9 o clocK.
2.->CO Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until S o'clock.
CHfRCH SERVICES.
I At Phk Strangers' Sabbath Home
f 8 (643) Ho war i St.' Methodist-Episcopal
I H Chuich Bet. id & -..; Sts. Seats free.
f| j' R*v Dr. lohn A. B. Wilson. Pastor
4J' ijTrl Res. by the Church. Tel. Black 9 6 '-
yR r bythe Church. Tel. BUck9**-
aL •rifii A I ;i|urf<v.is greeting; [ Await y«
«Tn fa \ \A UU r j,.,i...eU-nme >
TCi SAi <> ■« 11 n-ni • "The Attraction of Sac-
SrniSsffcl rlflce,: 7:30 p. ir... "The Passing of
!*ii39ss»iSJ Colonel Ingersoll and the Lessons
ajlJSSJ'iiv-l ■■: His Religion." Special music
at each service.
6T. PAUL'S Chui California St.. near Fill-
rnore— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly, rector. Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday school at 9:30;
morning rayer, with sermon, at H a. m. In
the evening fat 7:45. the usual monthly musi-
cal seivice will be held. Special programme
by the vested choir -.'! quartet. A. A. Ran-
k'in. organist and choirma _^
IFIR.ST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Maeon ets.-Hev. George C. Adams, I>. D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:4.". p. m.,
appropriate to the semi-centennial anniver-
sary of the church. 11 a. in., anniversary
frrinon by the pastor; special music by the
choir 12:45 p. m.. semi-centennial annlver-
sary of the Sunday school: t".:3y p. m.. Young
People's Society of Christian Endeavor; . -to
p m., addresses by clergymen and aymen.
The public cordially invited to all of these
services. v
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell
and Geary sts.— Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
,<"hildren may be presented for baptism at tho
beginning of the morning service. The even-
Ing service will be a "Welcome Home" for
our returned soldiers. Addresses by Chaplain
Gilbert of the Second Oregon and the pastor,
I'atrlotio Fong service. Soldiers will occupy
the front pews, ofticers on platform. All are
made welcome.
JBOVTARD Presbyterian Church, Oak and
J-iak.-r sts (Panhandle i t Goiden Gate Park)—
Sunday school at *:30 a. m. Services at 11
n. m. and 7:45 p. m. by Rev. J. S. Thomas,
>r-elect; morning topic, "Beauty"; even-
Inc. "Work Out What God Works In."
Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:45. Wednes-
day evening, prayer ii;> rtlisj; at 7M5. All ait
welcome. , -
'■ .HAL Methodlft Episcopal Church, Mis-
slon st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach at 11 a.
in "Some Thinus About Prayer"; at 7:4; i
p. m., "Warnings From the Career of Colonel
Ingfersoll." Sunday school. 1 p. m., Rolla
V Watt superintendent; Endeavor Society,
C p. m. ; cl;is9 meetings, y:3o a. m. and 12:80
p m Midweek prayer service, Wednesday
evening. This Is a people's church. Every-
body Invited. Seats free
BFVENTH Day Adventlst Church. 914-916 La-
guna st bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
aye.— Elder .1. O. Corliss, pastor. Services
(Sabbath Saturday) Sabbath school at i*:4:
n m. Preaching at 11 o'clock. Midweek
frvke Wednesday at 7:4. > p. m. A aeries_ of
discourses every Sunday evening at 7:45
o'clock. Subiect to-night. "The Mystery of
.God versus the Mystery of Iniquity." Seats
frte. All welcome. .
FIRST Nev.- Jerusalem Church iSwedenborg-
lun) IC2C O'Farrell st.— The pastor, Rev. IJ.
V. Bowen, will preach at 11 a. m.: Bubject.
"Apnosti'-ism" ; text. "If any man will do
his will he shall know of the doctrine." No
•' evening ■ rvice Free library of new church
books.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
Mock, 2C3 Sutter ': . bet. Kearny anil Grant
aye. — Christian Science Bible lesson, 11 a. m. ;
subject, Spirit; Sunday school for chil-
.lr.-n at the same hour. Wednesday evening
meeting at S o'clock. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer pastor. Discourse, at 11 a. m.: subject,
' "Divine Science." Services every Sunday In
Yosemite Hall; Native Sons' building. Mason
t-;.. between Geary and Post. Take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesua <"hrist. 320
Post st.— Preaching at 11 a. m. by C. A.
Parkin; subject. "Who May Abide the Day
of Hi^ Coming?" Preaching at 7:43 p. m.
All interested in the salvation of their souls
ar<* invited. We belieVe that we are now
livins in the last dispensation, th.- "eleventh
hour." — Matt. \x:i-16. That the restored
gospel (Rev. xiv:6-7) is' now being preached.
THE Theosophlcal Society Popular lecture!
every Sunday at 3 p. m., Odd Fellows' build
in K. "cor. Seventh and Market sts. Subject to-
nlfjlit. "Dreams," by A. M. Best. Llbrar>
Jaeadquarters, second floor. Odd Fellow? build-
ing. ln'i'ilr>-rs' mt-etlngs. Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America— Lectur*
to-night by Misa K. .1. Whittier. Subject,
"Occult Christianity. Tuesday night — Inter-
national Brotherhool League. Subject. "Cap-
ital Punishment." by Dr. Allen Griffiths and
Miss A. G. Day, 819 Market st.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD.
THEOSOPHY.
Npw Century (weekly), Jl 50 yearly, edltoi
Katherine A. 'Tingley; l-'nlversal' Brotherhood
Magazine (monthly). $2 yearly, editors, Kath-
erine A. Tingley and E. A. Nereshelmer.
Publication devoted to the. teachings o!
Brotherhood on the broadest lines, "Key v
Theosophy." by H. P. Blavatsky. $1 50
"ucean of Theosopby," by W. Q. Judge, 50c
For information of the work and book llsi
IreBs E. A. Nereshelmer, 144 Madison aye.
New York; Pacific Coast agency, Academj
of Sciences building. V.'.« Market St., room 30
MEETINGS— —Sunday.
A Free Lecture this evening at 8 o'clock or
"The Human Body as a Chemical Labora-
tory," by Dr. J. Depew Kergan (of Drs. X
& K. "s= Electric Sanitarium), at Crystal Hall
Pythian Costle, 909 Market St., followed by t
eerl^s of magnificent Art Views. Those at
tending this lecture may procure free ticket:
to the -wonderful X-Ray exhibition at th<
Eanltarium on Tuesday evening next.
FREE; Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society, 11-8-2,
809 Market; Mrs. Seeley, Vigers, Barclay,
others: at Oakland August 4. 521 13tlj\ et. ;
Thursday, 8 p. m., all. teats free; collection
Tuesday, 1238 Howard st.
ioUL culture meeting. 909 Market St.; H. H
Brown, teacher: seanoe, 7:30; lecture
""Spiritual Faculties," S, free; seances dailj
at 120 Eddy st.; treptments. advice or let-
ters, $1. *
EMMA GOLDMAN will address th« fre<
# thought meeting to-night at S o'clock; sub-
ject, "Charity. " 1133 Mission St.. betweer
Seventh and Eighth; admission free.
♦"PALMISTRY of the Ancients," by Palmlea
Monday, 8 p. m. 201 Polk, cor. Fulton; fre«
ZdME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister Et. ; come, skeptics.
'A — TEST, developing, healing meeting, Sunday,
2 and 8 p. m.; 10c. 9A Sixth; Stltt, Vlgars.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; flow-
ers, articles; sealed let. read; 10c. 14A Geary.
AT Friendship nail. 335 McAllister St., to-day
2 and S p. m., tests by good mediums, 10c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing, ethereajizini
seance, S p. m. 60c. 409 Leavenworth St.
C. STEERS, 112% Oak St.; circles Tues.. 8 p
m.; Thurs.. 2 p. m., 25c; readings, $1.
MRS. EGGBRT AITKEX. medium; sitting;
dally. 120 McAllister St.. flat 1. .
MEETING NOTICES.
PiOKEERS" — The mem- ,**tCSS3E3EK»w
- ciety of
California Pioneers are
i.--t.-d t'-< attend the
funeral ol' uur la'- . j£p^^^gßv&
ING, on MONDAY, «*"^ JB^*' IB
July Zi, at 2 o'clock p. in., from Pioneer Hall
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
BT. ANDREWS Society will cele- v V&i
brate the 1-ith anniversary of the uVi SkiP
birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT by
a concert and dance on the even- ''fcKs^>
Ing of August 18 next at Scottish Hall, 10
Larkin st. Admission 25c.
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President.
A. R. PATTERSON, Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society will hold thi
thirteenth annual picnic at Shell Mound Park
SUNDAY, August 6. Races* and games o
various descriptions will take place, fo
which valuable prizes will be given; also i
larg" lisi of gate prizes. A union band, pipe
and nddler will be in attendance. Aduitp
tickets, . r >oc; children, under 12 years, Iree
Boats leave ferry every half hour, connectlnj
with trains for the park.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular . annua
mfcting of stockholders of the iiakalau Plan
tatlon Company will be held at the ofllc
of the company, 327 Market St., San Francis
co. Cal., on TUESDAY, the Ist day of Au
gust, 1539, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., fo
the purpose of electing a board of director
to serve for the ensuing year, and the trans
action of euch other business as may com.
before the meeting. Transfer books will clo*
on SATURDAY. July 29. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Loco
motive WorkF— The annual meeting of th(
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Locomo
tlve Works, for the election of trustees for thi
MiFuinE year and the transaction of sucl
other business as may be brought before thi
meeting, will be held at the office of the com
pany.' southeast corner of Beale and Howait
ets.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7tl
day of August. 1899. at 11 o'clock a. m. ,
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. RALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations «Sr firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAOUIRE ft GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congrefsman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-S&5 Market Et. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market st.. room 67; advice
free; charges low; business pushed^
LT S. CUHK-Emraa Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mas<
BOARD ANI> ROOMS.
A LADY having a pleasant room would like a
young "lady to share same with her: board;
central; references. Box 1015. Call office.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $j a week up: Swedish home; parlor.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class : 1711
M.irket s-t.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
lean i>lan; eleguntly furnished rooms, single
i or ea mite; board aJid room. $1 per day up; j
i BUites without board, Ji peT day; single rooms. !
special rates by month, also to tourists
HOME and t-oard In a scientist's family, in j
beautiful suburb, within an hour's ride of
San Francisco. A. 8., 914 Sutter St.
I CTFARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
; Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches^ |
SUNNY home for children, near school: largs
grounds; mother's care; J5 to $10 per month
MISS U'll.Si'.N. 13S "West Mission, near I.lth.
I SUTTER. 1128— Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; home cooking.
WOULD l:i<e boy to board; one learning trade
• red good home Influences. Box 10<>8.
Call office.
WANTED— A gentleman to share a large front j
! room with a reej.ectable young man; room
| and board $IS. 9< *'t McAllister st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDKHN.
i GOOD home for 2 children over 2 years old. j
":'.'.' A Shipley st.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. !
Holmes Book O£. 704 Mission st.. near Third ,
—
BUSINESS CHAKCRS.
R.l IV Btore, doing splendid business,
with good horse and wagon; owner compelle-I
to sell on account of sickness. McLAUGH- I
LIN & CO.. 777 : _- Market st.
$500— PARTNER wanted in mfg. bus.; Gov.
trade. McLAUGHLIN & Ca. 777 1 ! Market.
1176— RESTAURANT; bargain on account of
sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & '<>. 777H Mrkt
$f>oo PARTNER wanted In manufacturing busl- j
ness. See McLAUGHLIN <fe CO., 777 V» Mar-
ket st.
51600— BLACKSMITH and wagon shop, prosjPer- |
ous country town near city; owner has had |
business 20 years; retires on account of old
age. Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market st.
; KREDO .<• CO --''? GEARY ST.
Investigate at our offli c.
J4OOO -Drugstore; dally receipts ?>
$1500 Millinery; Invoice $3000; $13,000 yearly, j
$2000- Home bakery; exchange for lodging- i
house.
$17ot> -Saloon; best on Market; $40 dally.
J4wt> Candy manufacturing and Ice-cream I
parlor.
f'. 1 ."" -Candy and Ice-cream parlor; Market st. |
$750— Partner, large express and transfer com-
pany.
llgar stand near Market; $k> dally.
RESTAURANT; rent $40; receipts $35.
$200 i 'hop!!., use; rent $35; receipts $30.
W. 1! DENNISON, 788H Market st.
COAL, wood and express business clearing $150
I month; established 12 yeurs; retiring cause
of sale. W. B. DENNISON, 783H Market s(
$650 — CANDY, BOda and Ice-cream parlors In
good country town. Apply DECKER, 1020 Mkt
MEAT .-naikr-t; established for \»-;irs;
clearing Sliu month. DECKER, 1020 Market
; WANTED— A partner to act ,is treaa
i.r-r in a vaudeville show under circus can-
will guarantee profits to Investor $300 !
1 per month. Call WILKIE & CO.. in*; Market.
; $150— COFFEE saloon near WelU-Fargo' s new ;
; bldg; old estab; must be sold to-day: sickness
! cause of sale. M. LESS ft CO., 7tw Market, j
1 HAVE a list of good-paying grocery stores,
saloons, bakeries, coffee houses, restaurants,
hotels, merchandise, etc.: sold and exchanged.
Call and see my >i-t. KITKL. 1008% Market.
I DRT'G'store. located in the very heart of the
most densely populated district west of Chi-
■ cago; doing a lucrative, legitimate business;
thoroughly stocked with salable goods, and
j enjoying a satisfactory sale on forty-three
preparations manufactured on the premises;
a golden opportunity for a young druggist .
with physician for partner; price $GOOO. Ad- I
dress box 1006. Call office.
A CHANCE seldom offered to those seeking an I
Investment. Manufacturing Co. ilron) of San j
Francisco, establishing headquarters East, I
wishes party to invest $3000; this amount will !
bring in fine Income, as profits are unusually !
large; position given If required; you dc-al
with thoroughly reliable people; principals
only; 1 week. Box 14!*:;. Call office. .
t7COO— WITH servic»s to invent in a first-class
j manufacturing or wholesule business that will
siand strict investigation; good references fur-
nished. Address bux 1489, Call offlc-.
A 10-SHARE trade In sugar on 3-point margin
will make big money for you during August;
particulars and advice free; write me. R.
FREEDMAN, 41 New st., New York.
|AT a sacrifice; must lea% - e city at once; small
stock and fixtures suitable for candy store,
bakery', etc. 3593 Seventeenth St.; call be-
tween 6 and 8 p. m.
$300— PARTNER wanted; mechanical business;
old established; $30 a week clear; trial given.
9 Geary at., room 2.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; bargain; owner
has other business; investigate. 130 Eighth.
HALF interest in an established paying ho-
tel; price $3500. 1007>i Market, nr. 6th, r. a.
$150 — SHOE shop; pays well; low rent; good
prices; must besold; make offer. 332 Bush st.
BARGAIN— S2OO; saloon, neatly furnished:
splendid opportunity; nr. R. R. depot. 636 3d.
HAIRDRESSING and manicure store; fair
stock; investigate; bargain. Box 4891, Call.
PARTNER wanted in good-paying, well-10l
cated country hotel. Owner, box 1041. Call.
BUTCHER shop; complete outfit; good chance
for right man. 1135 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap-
in city. Box 1479, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale on water front.
Apply 527 Montgomery st.
$3M) WILL buy a roadside house, with lease of
large lot; rent, $10 a month; 10 rooms, with
stable, sheds, chicken and pigeon house; car-
riage sheds; 4B minutes' from Kearny st
Particulars W. WAINWRIGHT, 126 O'Farrell!
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON. 783V4 Market st.
ONE-HALF Interest In a paying manufactur-
ing business: goods sold to dealers; large
profits; active, single man preferred; capital
necessary. $i.OO. Apply Pacific Coast Ex-
change, rooms 2-3, 1007% Market Bt., nr. 6th.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney?
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market at.
ADVERTISING physician, thoroughly experi-
enced, with money, seeks business In city
Address box 1471, Call office.
THE best located oyster and lunch house, busi-
ness night and day, will be sold on install-
ments. Particulars 126 O'Farrell Bt.
BRANCH bakery, groceries, etc., for sale"
806* Filbert St.; $130.
CIGAR store; cheap; must be sold by Monday
338 Bush st.
$160— PARTNER wanted In light and profitable
cash bu«iness; clears $60 per month to each.
G32 Market St.. room S.
FIRS-T-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars inquire at this office.
MINER with some capital would like to have
position and Interest in placer or quartz mine.
BOX 928. Call office.
WANTED— To rent small country hotel or sa-
loon in c untry town. 8. 0., box 330. Oakland.
FOR sale— Grocery and liquor store; very old
stand; situated at corner of Pine and Du-
pont. city; own-rs wishing to retire from the
retail business: a good chance for one or two
persons with a moderate capital. For fur-
ther Information inquire at LENORMAND
BROS.. SW. cor. Pine and Dupont sts.
$950— SMALL produce, pork and delicacy store;
good location. Inquire at 106 Eleventh St.,
'"all branch office.
$200— SALOON for sale, corner East and Green/-
wlch. rent $20; owner has two places. Call
no Pacific st.
SALOON with good business in good location.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, 323 Market St.
$200— SALOON with good business. 636 Third st.
FAMILY boarding-house; steady boarders: 14
rms.. all occupied; bargain. A.C.box 71, Call.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $250; splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner. 606 Castro.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 416 Sacramento Bt.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 30. 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.'"
LIGHT manufacturing business can be bought
for less than one-fourth Its value this day.
COWING & CO.. 995 Market et.
A— RESTAURANT north Market at great sac-
rince this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
CIGAR store, best bargain in this city, to-
day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st. ■
GOOD paying restaurant: centrally located;
great sacrifice. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
FINE saloon on corner near Market st.; bargain
this day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market Bt.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
SURREY; double harness; In flne condition;
cheap. 49 Sharon st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, oarts. harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and hon»es. 1140 Folsom st.
"carpet beating AND cleaning.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to RPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehania st. ; tel. a. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240^14th
Bt.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mls?'«n 74.^
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mini 346.
CONKLINS Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIB.VOVANTS.
ARRIVED ARRIVED
PROFESSOR VAL,
The world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
medium, has arrived In San Francisco and
located at 1130 Market St. The recognized
leader of clairvoyance and occult science.
l>o you wish to know facts you should know?
If you will succeed In your undertakings? If
you will win your lawsuit? If your domestic
troubles will soon end? If you would obtain
your ambition? If you are loved? If you will
succeed in your love affairs? If sick, will you
be cured? If past troubles will torment you?
If you are lucky in speculations? Do you wish
Information you ought to. have concerning
your future? Has the demon rum assailed the
happy quietude of your home? Does another
share the love and attention that should be-
long to you 7
Professor Val Never Falls
To Unite the Separated
—and —
Causes Speedy and Happy Marriages.
Guarantees Success in All Cases.
All business sacredly confidential.
Guaranteed to make you successful In love,
Imsiness. marriage, divorce. lawsuits, etc.
Cures drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences.
Call and be convinced.
PROFESSOR VAL.
1130 Market street.
MRS. J J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp for circular. Offices. 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings, $1; diagnosis free.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease; full life readings;
ladies. SOc; gents, $1; sittings, $150. 126 Turk.
MADAME SODAN. Scotch seeress; world-re-
nowned card reader; palmist: may be Con-
BUlted at r.29 Eighth st.. Oakland, room 17;
truth or no fee. _^____
ARRIVED— The king of all mediums. Profes-
sor Haley; tells your life from cradle to
grave; 50c, $1 up. 106 Taylor St.. parlors 3-5.
WONDERFUL success; Mine. CHngman. from
New York: scientific palmistry, astrologlst:
readings. 60c and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2.'.c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
BEST clairvoyant; fee 2:.c. 349*-i Minna *t.,
near Fifth.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards: satisfaction guar.: 2r,c. 1322 Mission.
MISS A. L. CARI^ON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st . rooms 2-3.
MMX. HANSON, card reader and palmist: past,
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 12.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; 10c; ladles only.
543 Natoma st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
YOUR futur* told by cards; lady or gent, 25c.
Lady Barbers, 959 A Howard St.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
happiness LAJHI, the Psychic, 120 A Eddy Bt.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath, newly reno-
vated: modern: Presidio Helg'hts, 405 Laurel
st. MADISON & BURKE.
COTTAGE of 3 rooms, large yard; water free;
rent $S. 19 Crocker, nr. Twelfth and Market.
CORNER bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1576 15th st., nr. Dolores.
FIVE-ROOM-AND-BATH cottage on Tenth
; aye., near Point Lobos; cheap. JACOB
HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
FLORENCE, 9. bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jones sts— Cottage. 5 rooms, $10.
FOUR rooms; bath; stationary tubs; basement;
yard; rent $10 50. Apply 122SH Treat aye.
O'FARRELL, 506 and 508, near Cottages
of 6 and 6 rooms; $22 00. '
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large basement,
yard. 919 Capp St.
TURK, — Cottage, 4-room; also 3-room rear
cottage: largr* stable, wagon shed: reasonable.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gaa or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices; pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 50; flesh colored plates, from
$5, porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all. plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
■ than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and brldee work teeth without a plate: fill-
ings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set, $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell stT. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful Becret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
. prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Palnlesß extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years;, lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st-
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; 'crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. 60c up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Bt. .
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Bt Ban
Francisco. Bookkeeping, business practice
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering—
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; individual Instruction,
200 graduates annually . placed In positions,
rtudents can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new t»0-page cata-
log free.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
i «ical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 15 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
ure tary for catalogue. Odd Fellows' bldg., 8. F.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc. ; special
courses in all English branches, languages
I mathematics, sciences, etc; evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
- professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; Ufa
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
A— HOPF*S Ringing, Piano 8chool; summer
rates, Vt\ French, Spanish ' dally. Merc. . Li-
brary. 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours. 2 to 8.
INSTRUCTION in dancing, ballroom or stage.
Mon. and Frl. evgs. Prof. O'Brien. 107 Larkin.
SHORTHAND: in -2 weeks or a year's tuition
| free; pupils by mall. Room 30, 122 Turk.'S. F.
EIIIIATIO.NAI,
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS anil reporters aa teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day and eve. ;
eet. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Marke^
LADY teaches piano and mandolin thoroughly;
56c an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla,
ENGLISH literature, classes or private; special
Shakespeare classes. MRS. H. EHRMAN.
1234 Bush Bt.
DANCING, ballroom, stage, taught; private or
class. IRVINE'S. 421 Post st.. near Powell.
"EXPANSION" the^ order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. Ctty Hall.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons, 75c. 320 Qolden Gate aye.
WANTED— Elocution lessons. Address box
14S8, Call offlce.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 906 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayandntght; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. sth.
THE Studio. 103.1 Sutter: piano, violin, clarl-
net. cornet. English and German. 6Pc lesson.
EM PLO YM ENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 80 Geary St.; tel. Grant 58.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Cht-
nese. 42f Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black IS2I.
EMPLOY M~_.\T WANTED — Kenmle.
COOK, superior and first class in all kinds of
cooking, also a servant for housework with 16
years' reference In one family wish situations.
See J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook deulres situation;
good cook and housekeeper; 2W years last
place: city or country. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter.
AN educated refined lady of experience and
business ability active and reliable, wishes to
manage a lodging house for owner; reference
given. Address W5 Franklin st. i
LADY wishes position as chambermaid In
country or city hotel! Box 1478. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as house-
keeper, reference if required. Addres* 874
Mission st.
FAMILY washing done cheap at 132 Church St..
bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth, near Market.
W \NTED— By hospital trained nurse, care of
Invalid, or will give massage treatment. Ad-
dress M.. 527,4 Birch aye.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker; perfect ntter;
goes out at $1 50 per day. Address MRS. M.
FLOHR, 418 Grove, bet. Gough and Octavla.
WANTED— Situation aa first-class cook or
housekeeper; has girl 3V_ years. E. BROWN,
Winchester Houee, room 73.
2 FIRST-C— ABB Swedish girls desire situations
as cook and second girl together; city or
country. Box U8», "'all offlce.
WDDOW, middle aged, wants position to do
ehamberwork. Call or address for 3 days
MRS. H. P.. 1235 Market st.
EXPERIENCED German and French cook
wants situation In private family to cook and
make herself generally useful; city or short
distance In country. 74S Howard st.
SWEDISH woman wants washing. Ironing or
cleaning by the. day. Address 30 Aztec St.,
off Shotwel'l.
COMPETENT woman wishes position to assist
in general housework. 206 Eddy st.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. Call 150 Fourth st., room 7.
RELIABLE Scottish woman wishes situation
in country, general housework: ranch pre-
ferred. Address 1311 Bruderlck St.. bet. Geary
and O'Farrell.
POSITION wanted by man and wife: man good
cook, wife wait at table or assist in kitchen;
l>est city reference; hotel or boarding house;
city or country. Box 1009, Call office^
LADIES' skirts repaired and rebound. 50c up-
ward. Apply 804 LarKin st. ; upstairs.
A LADY would like a situation in American
family at light housework; home more of an
Object than wages; city preferred. Box 1012,
Call offlce.
A CULTURED lady with .Eastern certificate
would like to instruct ladles whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of
Sherman. Clay & Co., cor. Kearny and Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS talloress* wants work by the
day; perfect fit guaranteed. 11 Hopeton Ter-
race, bet. Powell and Stockton sts.
REFINED i>er>ion with a child wishes situation
to do light housework and teach on piano.
Address MRS. F. V. SMITH, Lorln, Berkeley.
WOMAN of experience wants position as
housekeeper or light housework In a small
family. 517 Ninth, nr. Washington. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants work; washing and
cleaning by the day; neat worker. Address
M. 8., 48 Ivy aye.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag-
ing housekeeper or agent for wholesale house;
accustom herself to most any kind of business;
city or country. 310 Mason St.. room 12.
REFINED young lady, good seamstress, de-
sires to be companion or maid to lady or care
for invalid; no objection to travel; references.
Box 1473. Call office.
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged lady would like
to be with elderly couple and assist In light
duties, for good quiet home; wages no object.
Address box 1474. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work, either by the day
or at home; $1 per day. Call or address 218
Grove st.
RESPECTABLE, competent young lady wishes
a situation for light housework, cooking, etc.;
Bleep at home. Address box 1469, Call offlce.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission st., room 1. * .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
nurse; willing to work. 3689 Eighteenth st.
YOUNG woman would like position as work-
Ing housekeeper; no objection to country.
Box 1694. Call office.
BY strong young woman as wormng house-
keeper; city or country- IB Powell, room 5.
WANTED— Care of Infant or child under 4 at
lady's home. Box 4990. Call office^
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to tl 50 night : tl 60 to $C
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggnge to nnd from ferry.
JEM^PLOYMENT WANTED Male.
PROF. WAGNER'S Employment Agency,
'phone Red 3211, 815 Stoc -on st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce;
best help. 414fc O'Farrell st. : tel. East 424.
BRIGHT boy, 13 years old, wants work where
he can learn a trade. Box 1477, Call offlce.
WANTED— Employment a« sticker hand and
all-around machine man; city or country.
Address box 1698, Call offlce.
GARDENER, married, as caretaker of private
place; thorough experience; not afraid of
work- best references. Addrees Gardener,
Dalves' Hotel, Woodside. CaK
NURSE and masseur, educated, young man,
obliging and faithful, as companion or valet
to gentleman, care of Invalid or in hospital
or sanitarium. Box 1467, Call office.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted, thoroughly
understands care horses, carriage, garden:
good driver; thoroughly competent. Box
1482. Call.
CIVIL engineer, competent In field or offlce,
wants employment. Box 1494, Call.
WANTED— Position as foreman of grading out-
fit or mine: 8 years" experience. Box 1010, Call.
PAINTER, paper hanger and decorator, with
helper, -first-class quick workman, wants em-
ployment; city or country- Painter. 1971 Page.
WANTED— Position as head laundryman in ho-
tel; four years' charge of Baldwin Hotel
laundry- Box 1008, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, handy with tools, wants work;
manufacturing, pattern making or carving.
W. C. JOHNSON, 204 McAllister st.
INDUSTRIOUS young gardener wants work In
nursery or private place; very handy with
toolß and about the house; care for horse,
cow and chickens. Box 1011, Call offlce.
HOTEL man of ability desires position as
steward, head waiter or charge of any de-
partment In hotel or resort. Box 901, Call.
WANTED— An experienced and reliable retail-
er wants position as manager of general store
In county seat or good country town In Cen-
tral California— where a strict cash trade can
be built up and an Interest In business ac-
quired ; nominal salary and percentage of
profits; references. Address 104 Lincoln St.,
Santa Cruz, Cal.
COACHMAN— A neat and quick worker, first-
class horseman and thoroughly understands
the business: best of city references. Box
92ft. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED Englishman wants work on
farm or orchard, or as handy man about
place. Address FARMER, 754 Mission st.
PAPERHANGER, flrsf-class references, paint-
er, tlnter, whltener, wants work; boss, hotel
or landlord. ANTOINE, 225 Fdtirth st.
ENGINE driver and blacksmith wants posi-
tion: city or country. Address care H. M. F.,
U2 Eighth st.
INTELLIGENT young man wants position as
bartender or porter; references. Box 1468, Call.
GERMAN bartender, 3 years' experience, 21
years old, reference, wants steady situation;
city or country. Address H. 8., box 1554, Call.
BY a temperate and reliable Englishman as
coachman with nice family or a driver for
doctor and office; has Al recommendations;
city or country. Address box 1540. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Mal 5_
GROCERY clerk wants position; best refer-
ences; city or Oakland. L. R., 110' i San Jose
avenue.
EXCHANGE.
ALL FOR~SALE OR~EXCHANGE. _^
B0 houses and lots, from $500 to $20, wn
30 In Oak'ld, Alameda. Berkeley; $.".0 to. 50.000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 t0... 10-'jOO
48 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: $2"0 6.000
74 stores, salgon, business places; $100 to 4.0't0
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ALL KINI'S
OF PROPERTT— WHAT HAVE YOU TO
OFFER? HENRY C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
$3500— HOUSE of 10~7ooms an.l bath; lot 76x
ISO. with nice barn: fronts electric line; good
place to rent out rooms; bank loan $1450; trade
for small farm or good vacant lots or land.
Address Owner, box 846, Call offlce. Oakland.
OIL land In Fresno district to trade for clear
improved San Francisco property: price $25.-
-000. Address HOWARD THURBER. Oakland-
WANTED to lease— A house of 18 or 20 rooms
for 6 years; rent to be paid in exchange for
Improved ranch. Call or address 822 Howard^
A— 9-ROOM Oakland house for city or bay
property. 632 Market gl, room 23.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glassea GEO.
MAVERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071.i Market st., San Francisco. Cal.;
glasses fitted by mall.
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat. 4 large sunny
rooms. bath, yard, newly papered. 714
Franklin st.. near Golden Gate aye.
A NICE sunny upper flat. 5 rooms, bath. 30
Moss St., nr. 7th; key cor. Howard and Moss.
BAT-WINDOW flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent
$16. 39 Clara st.
FILLMORE, 2216U-Elegant docorated flat, 3
rooms, bath and" yard; reduced rent; $20.
FIXE corner flat, 7 rooms; bath; all modern
Improvements; yard; cellar; pun all day. 118
Webster st.. nr. Ilaight. _______
FLATS, houses; all sizes and prices. COF-
FKY, HUGHES & CO.. 19 Montgomery St.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath, $12.
716 Natoma St., t>et. Eighth and Ninth.
FOR RENT— A nice clean upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath, IW2 Fillmore st. ; also a nice flat,
at 103 Germanla St., near Fillmore.
KHAN" KLIN. ."17. n-ar McAllister— Lower flat,
3 rooms; cheap.
FULTON, 148 Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat, 6 rooms, bath,
gas; modern Improvements; rent $!;..
LOWER part of houae to-let, 4 looms and bath.
Apply 513 Shotwell st^
GROVE, 818. bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sun-
ny furnished or unrurniched flat. B rooms,
piano, garden, stable if desired: references.
MASON, 305— Newly furnished flat; sunny; rent
2, 3 or 5 rooms. I
MODERN Hat of 6 rooms and bath. 119 A Wil-
liams St., near I'ost, bet. Taylor and Jones.
NKW flat of 4 large rooms, bath and laundry;
rent cheap. 349 Liberty st
SCOTT 2034, cor. Sacramento— slB, 7 rooms,
bath. J. H. CARSE, 11 Montgomery st
SI'NNY flat of 6 rooms, rent reasonable. Ad-
dress 3014H Twenty-sixth st.. near Florida.
THIRD, 417 1 -— 2 front suites; modern improve-
ments'; 8 rms.; hot. cold water; bath; sunny.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3238, bet. Mission and Va-
lencia-Sunny lower flat; garden, cellar;
rent $19 50.
TWi > new flats. Z-f, rooms; (In? view and gar-
den. 1014 Thirteenth Ht.. near Scut.
UPPER flat. E nlct airy rooms: rent reasona-
ble. llTti Harrison st . bet. 7th and Bth.
VALLEJO, K<69— Sunny flat. 4 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
2 NEW sunny modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms,
bath each; 1421 Hayes st. , $14. and 966 Golden
Gato aye., $21.
3 4 0 AND fi rooms, bath and yard; r»nts $S,
'$10. $15, J2O, $25. Apply J. S. HURRY. 9 9th Bt
$9— LOWER flat, 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl St.,
off Market, mar Valencia.
$10- A SUNNY fiat of 6 rooms. 1017 Bryant
street.
$11— SUNNY flats at 11 and 17 Adelaide place,
off Taylor, between Post and <jeary sts.
$12 50 — NICE bay view, sunny upper flat. 4
rooms and bath and basement; 113 Cherry.
Apply lower flat or 127 Golden Gate aye.
$12 50— UPPER flat: 5 rooms, bath, cellar. 1417
Pacific St.. near Hyde-st. cable.
$14— ST'NNY lower flat. 4 rooms, hath and yard.
12 Shotwell st.. near Fourteen! h.
FLATS TO LET Fornlithed.
FURNISHED and unfurnished flats of 6 and 7
rooms; references. Apply 1131 McAllister st.
2 FINE furnished bay-window flats; E and 3
rooms. Inquire Sl9 Diamond Bt.; rent $20, $12.
Fl lINI'M 11.. FOR SALE.
MUST be sold on account of sickness; small
rooming house; $40 over rent, or will exchange
for lots; no agents. Box 1005, Call office
COMPLETE furniture of 4-room cottage at a
bargain; practically new. I*l4 Scott Bt.
FURNITURE of flat; 3 rooms for light house-
keeping: cheap. Call after 3 p. m., 317\i Te-
hama st.
FURNITURE of newly furnished flat of 6
rooms; cheap; account sickness. 921^ Mission.
TAPESTRY Brussel; carpets, laid anU lined.
60c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mark't.
HELP WANTED— FemaIe.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
6 waitresses, resorts, $20; 2 waitresses,
Healdsburg, $20; waitress Fresno. $25; 2
waitresses, Stockton, $20; 2 waitresses, Ne-
vada City, $20; waitress and chambermaid to
wait. Pacific Grove, $20, free fare one way; 2
waitresses. Woodland, $20; 2 waitresses, Han-
ford. $20: waitress, San Rafael, $20; cham-
bermaid to wait, Ross Valley. $20; waitress,
Porterville, $20; 4 waitresses, city, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid. In-
stitution, $20; 3 women cooks, $25 to $30; fancy
lron<;rs. C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOUSE girl to go with family to resort, $25.
free fare, see party here; house girl for small
family at Presidio, $20. choice place; cook,
$35, and second girl, $20; house girl, ranch,
$2f.' fare paid; and many others for cooking
and housework, $15 to $25; house girl, Menlo
Park. $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED — 5 German cooks, no washing, $25
and $30; 4 laundresses, $25 and $30; Protestant
cook for Institution. $40; 4 German and French
second girls, $20; German nurse. $25; 6 wait-
resses and chambermaids, city and country,
springs and hotels, $20; German working
housekeeper, $25; kltclwn helpers. $l. r > and $20;
CO K'rls for cooking and housework for city
and country. $20, $25 and $30; 75 young girls.
$12 and $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class cook for the country; 8
In famiry; some housework; $30: see lady Mon-
day. J. F CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— A neat colored woman to do some
mending. Address box 1001, Cull offlce.
GOOD cook with references; wages $25. Call
Monday, 2112 Vallejo st.
YOUNG girl, light housework: good home; ref-
erences wanted. W45 Geary st.
GIRL for general housework. 226 Eighth aye.
WANTED — German girl for housework in
small family: sleep home. Call at 133 Beu-
lah st.. near Stanyan.
GERMAN girl to afislst In ehamberwork and
mending; sleep home; wages $10. Apply 2518
Sacramento st.
STRONG Chinaman or Swedish girl to help in
country hotel kitchen. Address Marln Hotel,
San Rafael.
HOUSEKEEPER, family of one; party em-
ployed during day preferred. Particulars to
box 1004, Call Offlce.
GERMAN woman cook and assist housekeep-
ing. 316 lowa St., Potrero.
JTOUNG woman to take care of child year and
a half old; must have references. Apply 1810
Goutfh st., Monday, between i and noon.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls: Inexpe-
rienced instructed. Apply HEVNEMANN _
CO., 410% Mission St.
WANTED— GirI about 15. assist with baby and
light housework. 129 Olive aye.
FINISHERS on white goodß and underskirts;
fine work. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 San-
some st.
WANTED— Young lady over IS to Join trapeze
team to learn Spanish rings, to travel with
circus. Call Sunday evening between 6 and
8, at the Holland House. 420 Sixth st.. nr 1. 20.
WANTED— GirIs to paste samples. 518 Mar-
ket St., upstairs.
WANTED— More operators on skirts. 412 Mar-
ket st.
YOUNG girl In small family for light house!
work ; sleep home. 1106 Pierce St.
THE McDowell dresscutting and drafting sys-
tem Is used by all leading dressmakers; visit
our school; evening class; late patterns cut
I 25c up. THE McDOWELL, 103 Post st.
HELP WASTED — B
STRONG, experienced nurse to go with Invalid
to mountains. Fablola Hospital. Oakland. n ,
— GIRLS to peel fruit at Overland Packing
Co.. 11 Harrison St., near Steuart.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE-PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts
WAXTED— Competent children's nurse; food
references required; German preferred. Box
1695, Call office.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1505
Kentucky st. •
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., corner Seventh
and Berry sts.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brinnan at., bet.
Third and Fourth.
E=
EXPERIENCED cannera wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd..
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 36% Fremont
St.; take elevator.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute gam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
200 MORE dewing machine operators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S Overall
Factory. 32V4 Fremont st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
.376 San Jose aye.
HELP WAXTED MaIe.
WE PAY YOUR FARE
TO 37 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA
XO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
AXYBODY WILL SUIT YOU WILL
185 MEX WAXTED
As laborers, wheel sawdust, carry lumber,
pile and sort lumber, learn to run different
machines, help clear away brush, teamsters,
etc $2ti to $40 per month and found
Good food, good climates, cool and Invigorat-
ing;' Job steady. Are you going?
ALSO TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Setter for mill $60
, Head donkey man $55 and found
Mill bench hand $2 75 day
6 spool tenders $30 to $40
Screw turners $52 and found
Tree fellers $40 and $30 and found
Jackscrewers $33 and found
Bark peelers $30 and found
Mlllmen. $r.O to $60 Woodsmen, $35 to $75
Shingle bolt makers, $33 and found; log fixers,
$tio; crosscut sawyers, $33 and found; Fhingle
joggers, $50; other classes of help for sawmills
and woods, wages from $S5, $70, $65. $60, $50,
$40 and $3i) and found
Come and see
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES
14 laborers, no experience required $75
12 laborers, no experience required, fare $1.. i
$60 |
32 laborers, no expense required. ss7 and found j
19 laborers, no experience required I
.- $42 and found
12 teamsters, four horses; fare $1 40 . . |5I
Hammermen, drillers and hr-adermen $90
3 diamond drillers for a mine $93
185 laborers for all parts of California; wageß
from $3. $2 r.O, $2, $1 75 day. Come and see.
MURRAY & READY. .634-636 Clay St.
MINES 23 MINKS GOOD MINKS
149 laborers, no experience required, wages
$37 per month an.i found
steady Jobs year round, no lost time; fares
from $130 Come and see
also 4 good miners, same mine $2 50 day
MURRAY A READY,
.' 634 and 636 Clay st.
: FRUIT PICKING
8 men or strong boys to pick fruits. $20 an-1
found, fare {1 15. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
TO OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
...... ALL THE GREAT RAILROADS
(Not to Coast railroad) We are passing free
drillers, teamsters, laborers, .muckers, header-
men, hammermen, etc
Wages. * From $3 day
Board and lodging $4 50 week
WE PASS MURRAY & READY,
YOU FREE 634-636 Clay st.
ARE YOU MARRIED?..
Farmer and wife $40 and found
Gardener and wife $40 and found
3 cooks and wives $C 0 and $40 and found
Milker and wife $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~ HAY AND HARVEST HELP
$4 men fur hay and harvest fields. $2, $1 30
and $1 25 a day and found
$3 50 day ..HAY BALERS— I 6 MEN.. 50 day
DAIRIES AXD FARMS
27 milkers, some single, some two together,
some three together. $30 and $25 and found
86 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California, $33, $30, $26, $25 and $20
and found
CHOREMEN AXD BOY'S
15 choremen and boys for farms, etc., $30, $26,
$25, $20, $15. $10 and $S and found, good, steady
Jobs
Woodchoppers. tiemakers, by the hundreds,
|2 50, $2, $175. 1150, $128, $1, 7f>c cord
12c, lie. 9c and 10c each; tools found: fare paid
GARDENERS. COAL MINER
3 gardeners, florist, private, $25 and $20 and
found. • - - ' . ; ■
Coal miner, boss at our office
.•." $2 a day and found
BOYS TO PICK FRUITS BOYS
27 small boys to pick and cut fruits
$15 and found
BEAUTIFUL ALAMEDA AND SAXTA
CLARA COUNTIES.
6 teamsters, four horses, fare $1
$30 and found
6 laborers, shoveling, fare 50c... 530 and found
HELP FOR STREET CAR COMPANIES;
ALSO STABLEMEN.
7 stablemen, city and country
$35. $40. $30. 523 and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
27 laborers. $2, $1 75 day. $30, $26 and found
19 teamsters $40, $26 and found
Bench hand, planing mill $2 50 to $3 day
Machine hand, planing mill $150 to $2 day
Boy, $5 to $6 week for planing mill
6 laborers for a manufacturing company
$26 and found
We want help for British Columbia, Ha-
waiian Islands, Oregon and Washington....
■ $6. $5, $4, $3 day
. ■ MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
ENGINEER MACHINE BLACKSMITHS
Engineer to run a hoisting engine $3 day
Machine blacksmith $3 (j a y
5 blacksmiths for shops $2 50 and $2 day
4 blacksmiths for ranches • ,
$40 and $30 and found
2 blacksmiths for sawmills, fare paid
••{• : $40 and found
3 blacksmiths for camps $60
4 blacksmith helpers, must be good strikers
and steady Jobs $2 and $1 73 a day
....BLACKSMITHS AND CARPENTERS
6 bridge carpenters for sawmill.. s4s and found
6 carpenters, different Jobs $2 50 and $° day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
BUTCHERS BAKERS .... LAUNDK
3 butchers, shops, etc.... 535 and $30 and found
r. laundrymen $35 and $30 and found
6 bakers and assistants, $35, $30, $25 and $20
and found; 4 boys to work in bakeries $v,
and $10 and found. ■MURRAY & READY
634-636 Clay st. •■ _^ . AlJi -
HOTEL DEPARTMEXT . ~
19 cooks, $35, $43. $40, $35, $30 and '$25 and
found, for hotels, restaurants, ranches '
camps, mines, etc '
19 waiters l- ' $30 and $25 'and' found
29 dishwashers ..$3O. $25. $20 and $15 and found
Some of the above places are two together
some single, some 3 together; pantrymen'
porters^ janitors, shoemakers, dishwasher for
officers', mess. $25 and found: head waiter,
MURRAY "-"READY.""
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— engineers for mine; young men-
s9o. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.'
WAXTED— Calendar salesman, experienced
for our complete, extensive line of Imported
calendars, banners, panels, etc. for adver-
tising purposes. Address, stating experience.
with T references. AUG. GAST BANK XOTE
& LITHO CO.. St. Louis, M». ,; -.- : \<
WANTED— S. F. representative for our house;
references. McNEIL BROS..' San Jose.
TRAVELING local salesmen, dealers Immedi-
ately to sell the Hacket cycle stand and
lock; big money. THE C. A. HACK
CO., Massillon, o.
TEX steady laboring men. : $14 or $13 75 a
week: board $4; no contractor- fare $2 30.
Call Monday. 2 to 4 and 8 to 9 p. m.. Res-
taurant, 195 Tenth st.
WANTED— 50 good woodsmen and 20 sawmill
men for Coos Bay. Or., wages $50 to $75
per month; board, $4 50 per week. Apply 42
Market st.. room 2, 6r R. A. GRAHAM.
Coos Bay, Or.
CUSTOM tailor cutter for busy place: middle
to good grade of work; good pay; short hours:
• stea.dy employment; mid.dle-a<ed man with
California experience. Box 7249, Call office,
until August 5.
M. TO Call at 279 as soon as possible. I
was waiting Friday night. You did not call.
500 MEN— to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. ■ from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. lot and 2d sts.; open 6 a. in. to 9 p.m.
HELP WANTED— MaIe.
1 NO 1 6FFICBr,FEB.V,,',,, ;,-oi--,
FIFTY MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST RAILROAD. •
FREE FARE.
$1 75 AND $2 50 PER DAY.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 GEARY ST.
-
NO OFFICE FEE".
FREE FARE.
1 B0 laborers and teamsters for the Valley Rail-
road, $1 75 a day and $25 and board per month.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPANY WORK
FREE FARE FREE FARE
$30 pick and shovel laborers, $1 75 a day,
board $4 5C a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st
AN experienced machine dishwasher. $30 and
found, for a country hotel; free fare, strong
man to learn to run a dishwashing machine;
dishwasher, country hotel, free fare, $25.
c R. HANSEN & CO., 104 O>ary St.
2 STONE masons, RR. work; free fare. C. R.
HANSEN He CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
CHIEF cook, hotel, $100; cook, small springs.
$40; cook, $50; second cook. $35, country ho-
tel, fare advanced; second cook, $45: cook,
chop house, $S a week; camp cook, $45, see
party here.
Night waiter, country restaurant, $30 and
uaom; waiter, country restaurant, $30 and
room: waiter, springs, $22 50; waiter, plain
country hotel, $25.
Two neat young men with some experience
as waiters for omnibuses In a first-class ho-
tel. $25 and. found.
Ironer, $35 and found; washer, $23; marker
and distributor.
Elevator boy, $15 and found; elevator boy.
$10 and found; porter, restaurant, $25; hotel
porter, bedmaker, $9 a week.
Large, strong man for dishwasher, $30 and
found: dishwasher, country hotel, $25 and
found and free fare.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary St.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper for a hotel, $«0 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 G«ary St.
HENRY FORTMAN— Dishwasher wanted. cT
R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
AN assistant clerk; this office. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MACHINIST, $2 50 a day; 3 carpenters. $3 a
day; 4 laborers. $2 a day; 3 men for Peta-
luma press, $18 a ton; farmers, $1 25 a day;
blacksmith. 54." and found: blacksmith,
ranch, $40 and found; helper, $30; 2 men to
clean brick, $2 25 a 1000; stableman, $25 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
GARDENER and wife cook for a country
place, JSO and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St.
FOR SOUTHERN OREGON
FARE PAID TAKEN OUT OF WAGE 3
50 WOODSMEN AND LABORERS
Crosscutters, fellers, head and second chain
hook tenders, donkey and team head road-
makers, barkers, spool tenders, line pullers
and laborers. $2 7.'.. $2 50 and $2 25 a day;
board $4 50 a week; see boss here. C. R.
HANSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st. ■
1 WANTED— Co-workers, ' either sex, every-
where; nicest home work ever offered; $12 pee
week salary: literature and explanations. 2c.
Address THE NOX-MEDICINE CURB
CLUB, lock box 802, Los Angeles, Cal.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeinc our catalogue of Information;
sent free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPOXD-
EXCE COLLEGE. Washington. I>. C.
WANTED— A first-class cabinetmaker. FINK
& HINDLER, 1309 Market.
WANTED— A young man tn an Insurance of-
Bee who <-.-,! i do stenographic work; answer
with references. Box 1496, i "all office. *
WANTED— 2 men and 4 et-ong boys. 376 San
Jose aye.
WANTED— Smart boy; wages $4 per week to
start with. Apply to WM. ELLIS, 228 Fre-
mont Bt. '
YOUNG, strong German to drive bakery wagon.
Stll Larkln st
YOUNG man for chamberwork. DEWEY
HOUSE, 32 East st.
PORTER wanted; a good sober all-around
worker; wages $5. Call at 103 California
Market. •
WANTED— Steady elderly man to drive milk
w«gon to train and wash cans. Box 1430, Call.
WAITER "for country, steady work. $23 month;
'bus driver. Call 9 to 11 a. m. at 692 Grove at.
: WANTED— first-class men to sell our
goods and employ salesmen. Address post-
office box G, lowa City, lowa.
TAKE care of your shoes or th.ywill not take
care of you; half-soled while waiting. 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Good cake baker. $40 a month,
board and lodging. 2808 Twenty-fourth st.
BOY to help in restaurant kitchen. 113 Turk
street.
SMALL errand boy. Call Monday morning at
6 Eddy st.. room 61.
WANTED— cutter on ladies' tailor-
made suits; must have references. Call at
M. ROTHSCHILD. 334 Post St. •>'.-■-
-WANTED —Live man. take interest in bustnetis
and charge of branch office: good salary.
KELLETT. 1309 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Shoe cutter and fitter: work for
wages or as partner. Box 4535, Call office.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up; sole-
Ing, 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— Plumbers to go out in country.
Call at Holbrook, Merrill _ Stetson's, cor. of.
Market and Beale.
EDGE trimmers and edge setters at 119 Pine
St. WENTWORTH SHOE CO.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chalr barber shop for sale
cheap. Box 1003, Call office. Oakland. W-~
MEN wanted — Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oafcdale to So-
nora free. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup: $2
per day and expenses paid; cash every week;
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California-
Orange Syrup <"■"> . San • Francisco. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal arc; call or write for fr©#
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St., near Kearay.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe: wages $2 TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOS
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Trucke*.
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe.
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st.: free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 2So
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
MKN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth Bt.
PFN<!IONS— J H SHEPARD & CO. attor-
-1 neys. Hearst hldg.. Third and Market.
SINGT E rooms 1 •'■■■ 20e. 25c per night; 73c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. W3V4 Market st.
; TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
kef 700 moms. 25c nUht: reading room: free
•bus and baggage tn and from the f»rrv
" HkTTp^Va.NTED— Agents.
4GENTS to introduce our preserve and Jelly
" labels for household use; quick seller and big
nroflts; sample 100. assorted. 10c. For terms
£ r ite WHBATON & CO.. New Bedford. Mass.
AGENTS -We are still increasing our sales of
saloon articles. "They must have it." Quick
returns: big profits. 1112 Monadnock, Chicago.
ADVERTISIXG solicitor -wanted; chance bright
woman to make some money this week. 433
Stevenson st.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents: salary $75 month, expenses:
rapid advancement; unusually brilliant oppor-
tunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER &
ALGER, New Haven. Conn. ■
HOKSKS. LIVK STOCK. Etc Kor Snle
HORSES— Does anybody want horses 18 hands
high and 2 feet across the back? Attend the
auction Thursday. August 3, 11 a. m.. at
CHASE & MEXDEXHALL'S. cor. Van Ness
aye. and Market St. W. P. McCORD.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade H.orse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE. Auctioneers.
POULTRY, game, fancy pigeons for sale; fine
. English pouters and fantaiis. Stalls 9 and 10
Grand Western Market; loft. 3938 Army st.
ALWAYS on hand; well' broken i»ad, business
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Klllip . & Co.. salesyard. 1732 Market.
1 CAR small mules. 1 car large mules, at th«
Canty Ranch. Grayson. Cal.
FANCY carriage, (-addle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist, 605 Golden Gate.HOUSES — LODGING — For Sale.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET. OPP. FIFTH. :
12-roora housSySHrgft' yTrYd? dvWntown 1400
is rooms; clears $100: only SOfl
12 rooms; exc-hart^e for large house 400
f.4-room house; clears $3d.i . 1600
H. C. DECKERS 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
$i,, __l,:-i;oOM house on Taylor St.; $200 cash,
balance posy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market.
22 ROOMS (corner)*! 15 bay-window rooms; all
rente.!. DECKER, 102u Market st.
64- ROOM house 'corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER. 1020 Market st^
you sale— The business and furniture of a fine
family hotel, 60 rooms, situated in the cente*
of San Francisco. Address P. O. box 51.
Tracy, Cal.
WILL sell half interest in 21-room paying lodg-
' ing house; JIM. Box 4537, CalJ^ office.
JT.'O-liOI'SK, 17 rms.. nicely fstul.. nr. Mkt.. all
lulled: estate. T. J. k:i.:.i'v. 437 Parrott bdg.
HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSE hur.ting marie easy with the printed
list yon g.n from .DWIN .<: HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
CORNER house. 0 rooms, bath; marine view;
Interior decorations; $30. 2333 Leavenworth.
SPLKNDID house,; fine condition; 7 moms.; low
rent. 335<5 Twenty-first Ft.'; key next door. •
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished S-room
house t'i suit tenant. 2533 Mission st.
$12 — HOUSE of 4 rooms; 1 Ql 3 rooms and attic
at $10; grand view >;f bay; to a small family
only. Lawrence place, off Fremont at., be-
tween Harrison and Bryant.
$1S — 7.-ROOM house. S3J Treat aye., near
Twenty-second st.
tiOLSKS TT> I.i: 1 KurniMhed.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, and large grounds; hand-
somely furnished; at present cupled by a
family desirous of . . . Ing up housekeeping;
"ffers furniture for sale very reasonable; rent
moderate; oxceller.t opportunity for family
looking for complete home. Box S?6. Call.
IIOLS|:S ANTED.
WANTED— Four or. six room furnished flat or
furnished rooms; north of Market street; gas;
bath and running water: no children: refer-
.vkv-s >'■..': Box 1003. Call office.
LOS I AM) KOI NO.
I.OST-I-irge brindle Great Dane d^g; close
cropped ears. Telephone information Blue
167.5. or return to M. J. FAIRFIELD. 3?5
thirtieth st. Reward.
LOST— In Emporium; email sold watch: Finder
will receive reward for return of watch. 627 A
Ellis st.
FINDER ot ourse left on steamer Encinal
Friday evening address box 14.'2. Call: reward.
liOSTiSmal! round gold locket with diamond
in center. Reward at __i Kearny st.. rm.1607.
IX'ST— Small black spaniei dug. Reward at 524
Alabama ?t.
LOST-^entleman's Elrln gold watch, with
fob; owners r.;i:vie engraved !-.!?itie back cov-
-r: liberal reward. Return 1709 Howard.
SATURDAY last, small ph-Ho: great value to
the owner. Finder will ,ddres PROF. M.
"Iv ANDERSON, Stanford University, and
receive reward:
FpCND-^-SSOO Government l>.->ni. Owner call at
secretary's office. Public Library.
MATRIMONIAL.
> MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1^! ; 7: conflden-
•.-.-■1 !:>t ','v MRS IIKRTZ'. 7^ Ellis St.
MEDICAL.
,\ SURE. -n:c a r -d speedy cure for all femaie
diseases; a!! those who are sick or disccur-
aged should c.ili on the doctor and state their
c.t>e befi re golr.s elsewhere: they will flnj
in her n true friend: a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of -. hospital
a r,j privacy of a home: consultation free md
confidential; home treatment. $:»: no instru-
n;rnt* u-ed; satisfaction guaranteed or monty
let-jr-deJ by MRS. DP.. GWYER. 510 Eddy
Ft l><-t Hyde and Larkln; oftice hours. 10 to
::. 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundaj'S by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from '.vh.it-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same <l*\ : no Instruments used: cure at office.
t: ■ home In confinement; skillful medicnl at-
..ter.tion. all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where? MRS. DR. WYETH. iM:' Posj st.. bet.
Hyde and LarKin ; hours. 11 to 5 and : to s
j\"m.: Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL lifilfs— C only Dr. aod Mrs. M. Davlw.
true i-j>rnd» .>: ail ;nvslii}s, men and women; !
i'j years' practice; safe and* quick cure guar- !
snteed: any disease <ir lrresjularity: d!scra-.-e j
avaided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief. !
t.':oi:g!! e!se f.it!: delicacy, privacy, homr. '
-;. ; babies ad- pted; travelers treated: no de- ;
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free :confl-
!av; self-cure sent; call or write; free: conil- '
dentlal. MRS. M. DA VIES. 12l'S Market 6t. . :
•:::-. $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT to restores instantly a!l
rases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no instruments use.l: guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers hrioert In-
stantly-: consultation free and oafldentlal;
i huiTte for ;>»itients: comfort p.nti privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL: !122 Market "St.. between
Mason and T.t \'r: office hours. 9 a. m. to
." p: m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
ISTPORTANT-rA sreat progress in medical sci-
ence for female trcubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician: no
r.:a:;er how lor.c standing: travelers heipfl
at once; safe; call on a physician with men*
knowledge: cure. $5: restores in 1 day and
prevents dlsgTace; can be se:it: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice 37 yeara. [
PR POPPER, SIS Kearny st.
A-DK. G. \V. O'DONXELL' world-renowned
female specialist; relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has ]
treated successfully mere cases of irregularl- I
t:es than any other physician: never fails to i
. ure. consult him first, save t!n:e ani money: I
treatment can be useil at hem»: consultation I
free: call cr 1023H Market st. |
DR V.'ONG WOO. herb doctor: Chines tea and I
■ herb sartitariun-.. 764-766 Clay st.. San Fran- I
Cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chl- i
r.ese !:erbs. over 2(>.X- varieties being us»J; :
advice free; hours. 1:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
ar.d 7 to 9 p.' m. . I
I__DIES! — Chlchester's Fnglish Pennyroyal I
Pills ar? the best: safe, reliable: take no I
■■• rther: send 4c stamps for partlc lars. "Relief !
for I^iriif-s." In letter by return mall: at drug- i
Klsts. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa I
AI.PKAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with j
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50: '
• expressed C O. D. : don't delay until too late
n«OOOlJ BROS.: Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
All. female complaints cured in 24 hours: well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home:
no jnstrirr.ier.ts: con-ultation free, confidential;
home treatment. $:>. MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness j
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 2154 Mason St.— !
Private home In confinement; ladies' friend I
fn trouble: terms reas : call and lie convinced I
I'U PRAE'S Female Regulating Piils. &afe and
" efficient ennr.enacogue; $1 per tax. RICH-
ART'S & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agts.
A nice private home in confinement at the most !
reasonable price in the city: infant* adopted, j
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
Hi: AND MRS. YVICGENEK. 1312 Golden __t*
aye.; private home in confinement; bab:*«
adopted into srir.d home*. !
jT'l and Mrs Wise. ir.S Market «t. — In«tar.t re- !
;ief tcr montaijrtroublea cr mow,- t.a c --. c; %:, up. i
\t^>^ \CHARD, :n!rln-ife: p!ea-=ant si. nv harr,« j
in r^nflremert. 13? Second St.: tel. Gr°en r.j
XiU WONG HIM. ber* doctor, ■ treats all tir-
M^ ■' t'?- 'urai r'.M<.«->n -it
MINING VM» ASSAYING.
I WISH -to buy central ICureka stock. R. L.
CHENEY. ."-M California s=t.
SPECIAL rat^-s for party of S; first-class oil
'.;■■•>-.< at >:■■ facii. Box 1457. C.ili .-ti'.ce.
Vii>CKl.l..\.M.or>-For >ale.
B'^ILEP.S. enj;ir.es. id-haml machinery. Mc-
INTOSH &- WOLPMAX. 1?5-197 Fremont st.
FIXE lafst style s«-aUk!n for $?<3. worth $150;
I ais-o a beautiful Maniuise diamond and emer-
aV,l rinw for $70: ecst originally. $140. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BILLIARD table*; few remotie'ed. good as
' new- theap for ca«-h cr installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. €53 Market ft.
1 :-li ;•. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order;
o-mp'.e-.e; ir.u«t sell. EPSTEIN, US Mission.
I'INE large movlern double-door safe cheap.
IV Fifth ft. .
A FINE gymr.&st net. 20x40. 433 Geary. «t.
W^HOBSEPOWER gas engine, $200; running.
2400 Geary rt -
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. l*< 3 Mission st.
FINE suit. $3 75: pasts. $C 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
riT -CLOTHINU PARLOR. 513 Mor.tgcmery.
A~CATHOLIC book store for sale; exchange for
i>rop<?riy. Kox 1^57. Call office.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine '
making rnach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st. j
ID-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos: bought" sold. H. S. WHITE. 51J Mission.
CAMERA.* and photo supplies— A - full line
.*eii:cg at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
_ NATIONAL Cash Registers: 1 nickel plated
and other wooden: cheap. 417 Sacramento st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125: 3
- h. p. Jls<\ 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
'iijS .vf DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Papu-
lar price batters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
MISCELLANFOrS- For Sale
BASS', oack _irs,' mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
iice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
1-an.l. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 M! -
_jeion st., above Sixth.
BOILERS, enclnes, lathes and planers for
iron; wood planers. 12 In. and 24 in ; hydrau-
._ lie pump; 2d. J. BURKE. 139 Bcale st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. .
! WANTED— A flrst-class trotting horse; a bay
or brown geldlns about 4 year? old 1514 to 16
hands high: must be thoroughly quiet in
harness and used to the oars. Apply to 303
California St., room 22.
LADY who understands millinery business
thoroughly would like to borrow enough
money to op>n millinery store; g>?d security.
Box 1454, Call office.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with nan • and pead bars; long Job. _. B.
j STONE, Elmhurst.
| CASH paid for school book?, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. 1527 Market, opi Van Ness.
j SEAT room for coatmaker. "Apply IPS Eddy st.
! WANTED— Second-hand top buggy; good con-
dition: state rrioe. H. S.. box 1550. Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. l n l7 to K'23 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6' ; per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2'l mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mort^nires and legacies bought: no de-
| lay. R JIcCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
j HIGHLT respectable and private place to ob-
-1 tain I'beral advances on diamonds and Jew-
i elry at the lowest rates. Iwln Jewelry
i Store. 546 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
i ANY amount by private party on furniture and
I'lanos:. no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
: ( ash loaned to salaried people on •with-
j out imlorser. MORRI COS Examiner bldg.
j AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
I Iranei on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
I REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d nicrts., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiser. ?12 Examiner building.
$:,0 TO $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DP.YDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 1!6 McAllister st.
MOXEX loaned salaried people on their Dotes
without Indorser. TOUSLE Y. 592 r^£ rT^^ l ' d f;
' IF your property is mortgaged and you need
i more money see. H. MURPHY. KM Market st.
.' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
' 1p pages. In wrapper, for maillnsr. $1 per year.
MONEY WANTED.
! GOOI' personal security and interest for loan
, of $lQoi>. KELLETT. 13<\> Broa.lway. Oakland
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good uptight pianos for $6
cash ami $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
, same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for {3. $4 and
$5 " per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO
Ste-nway dealers, comer Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY tho oldest ar.d largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
i 2«. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
I all ither munlc instruments of all grades
| and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every -
; thing possible done to please and satisfy the
| customer.
1 BARGAINS! Bargains: -Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms. 1710 Market ?!.. and see another lot
good Standard uprisrhts; very cheap for cash.
I A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 705 Market st.
; A DECKER _ SON is tlie piano for you to
buy; beautiful new style at MAXIVAIS', 769
Market st.
I WANTED— Six square pianos. Call or address
BYRON MAIZY. 303 Fjst st ;
1 A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap
SrHMIT/.. 1* McAllister, next Hibernta Bank.
A — SjC- UPRIGHT piano in line condition; a.si i
\ the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st. |
i CHEAP Sielnway upright: also the famous :
Hornung Bros/ pipnos. 215 McAllister st.
j a— UPRIGHTS. t6s up; installments. $5 75 up; i
rents. V up ia!!owed on sale). Heine. 1-S Ellis.
SOHMEK Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st. i
|
W. G BAIXJER, 415 Sacramento st'.. ager.f for j
Francis Bacon and Haliett & Darts pianos.
; KNABE pianos-: new scale: new styles. KOH- I
LF.R _ CHAPE. 30 O'Farrell st.
i SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H I
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
', A WKKK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call.
Tfi pages. :n irravr-T. ff- m^'!'""' *' r>er var
OFFICES AND STORES — To Let.
' ASHTONJ&I GARDINER, -ill Montgomery st.
I $cv— lCs Taylor st.
};.<>— 455 Valencia st.. corner Sixteenth.
! J3s— ;.">:< Mission st.. near Fifth.
i fr«"> — 3CS Montgomery aye.
I $22 £•"— S3* Howard St.. near Fifth.
! $17— 25b First St.
i $20 — "54 Fourth st.
$25— 111? Harrison st.. corner Langton. ;
EMM\. SPRECKELS BLDG.. 327 Market st.
Offices Sl2 SO to $20.
I Light h*ai. Janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON & GARDINER, Room 210.
I CORNER store: flxfires for grocery and bar-
room: 4 rooms and stable; Twenty-fourth an.l
Sanrliez sts.: rent cheap to good party. Ad-
I dress 3&00 Twenty-fourth St.
: GROCERY corner. 217 Ninth St.; 4 living rooms,
I stable- 2 blocks from Market: rent low. Ap- i
ply owner. KELLY, 437 Parrot t building.
STORE with living rooms, suitable for delioa- i
eies. bakery: prominent corner. 1346 Valencia, j
LARGE corner store for rent cheap. Apply for
particulars at 605 Natoma st.
NEW large sunny corner store; 2 dwelling
rooms: $15. 543 Natoma st.
NICELY furnished front suites suitable for
doctor or dentist. $20 to $3.1. 121 Powell st.
$11— STORE fixtures: 3 living rooms: dressmak-
ing .-•■ 100$ Natoma St.. nr. 11th
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. I
IS paces. In wrapper, for mnlllng. ?1 r»r '•" '" j
■ __^-_ _^ —^
PAL.MISTHY.
MME NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 66 Geary st.. above Jone*: classes:
office hours. 1 to S^. m. : rending by mnil. $1.
I'AIITMIO VVAN'IKU.
WANTED— For partner, man understanding j
manufacturing of ladies' wear, such as skirts. ;
waists, etc., to go in partnership with mnn ,
furnishing capital: oniv flrst-class artists
need apply: reference r?au!red. Address box
I£?7. Call office.
■ vv r \NTrl>-A steady man with a few hundred
dollars In contracting and jobbing business:
sr>'.er.did opportunity for right man. B.x
ISSI. Call. : ___
i *"* *— *" ""^ mm "^ *"""^ — " ~ *" ™" — "^
PERSON A
! MIDDLE-AGED gentleman Ith means wishes
to bocomc- acquainted with a middle-age-
lady with means to engage In some business. .
IV x 14*3, Call office.
j YOUNG man of means would like to form ac- j
«juair.tance of young lady; object matrimony.
j 5654 Market rl., room 25_
I GERMANTATfERICAN. 25. would Jike to marry
i respectable working girl E. J. ADAMS, Gen-
eral Delivery, Oakland postoffice.
BLUE-EYED girl baby for adoption. MRS.
Dl_ FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda,
LEDURER'S QuInTONICA has the name of
being the only reliable hair tonic on the mar- :
I ket; 35c bottie. 123 Stockton St. I
j LEDERER'S hairdresslng parlors CIH growing I
In popularity: 2J.0 only: see the great display
of switches in hi« window; $1 switches only |
75-?. this week only. 123 Stockton st.
I INCAPABLE men. m*- method of restoring
' sexual Ftrength differs lr. every respect from
| any others; no drugs, belts or liances: ab-
solutely no humbug; safe, sure, permanent;
further particulars '—'-, H. D. WILLIAMS.
; Gait House. Louisville. Ky.
HIRSUITINE restores gray hair to Its original
I color, cures dandruff and eczema, stops hair
falling- out. grows hair on bald heads. or no
pay: remedy by mail. Hlrsultlne Hair Bpe-
cialists. 6 Eddy st.. San Francisco.
MME. ADAR. wor.derfu! gifted magnetic heal- >
er; Tuesday. Wednesday, Thursday and Fri-
day. 1343 Howard tt ; i a. m. to S p. m.
ELECTRIC treatments and baths for all ner-
vous diseases; diagnosis free. '■': Market.
MUSIC letsons exchanged for thorough knowl- !
edge cf English language. Bk>x 1472. Call.
JOHN L. BOONE. . Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. «nd Copyright
tto. 4 Sutter st.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Srnd for Circular. Patents Solicited,
ASSORTMENT cf Imported and domestic rern- ■
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-price Tailoring Co.. 1644 ,
Market st.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
I HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness;
can be given secret!] will riadly tell you ■
what it 16: don't send money. MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, lock box F. X. 131/ Grand Rap-
ios, M:ch, k
THE SA^s T FEAKCISCO CALL, St T AY. JULY 30' 1599,
PERSONALS. j
WANTED — boarders on ranch near city;
10 minutes' '■ a!k from station; good hunting.
MRS. J. JACOBS, San Carlos. •■
FAT is fatal to beauty and health: we reduce
' quickly and eafely. An-T.-Phat Co.. Chicago.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor, has removed
rrom O'Farreli to 132 Eddy st.
j tT BRILLIANT, 83S-340 Post st.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tallor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
; DR. CREELY'S Dog Hoaptta 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. .VOi.rS
I ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
i Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
$?5c to $150 per night; $160 to $« r?r week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. X ISHI TANI. 313 Sutter St. _ __
i $1 PER week for lady's suit. Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit- or -overcoat. Eastern Ont-
j nttlng Co.. 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
; LIFE insurance policies bought -'or. cash. W.
1 R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, International Hotel.
. LADIES— The Equipoise waist has n-> equal;
Ypsilant!' underwear. OBER'S. U Geary st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 S-nsome st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
[ tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. Pine. ab. Krny.
I A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy I tai.ments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market et.. bet. 7th and Bth.
, WANTED— OId gold for, manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'F.irrel!. bet. Powell '& Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SUKGKONS.
I DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
[ 1021H Market St.. bet. i=lxth ami Seventh.
j lIOMKTRY-
' HENRT HARRISON BROWN, psychometrlst:
! reads character: gives advice from spirit side
of life; heals hy laying on hands. 12f>A Eddy.
KEAI, ESTATE — CITY — For Snle.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. 626 Market st.
! Lots en Sevonteenth. Eighteenth Noe and
! Hartford sts.; just placed on market; offered
! cheap and very easy aterms.
j I'.-^r.ii! business block: Sixth St.", near Mis-
sion: always rented; large lot; 2 frontages;
j paying big interest on amount .— k. d
JS25O— Post st.. near Van Ness aye.; 27:6x120
to rear street 9 rooms and bath.
■
Must be sold— Two fine fiats on Hayes St..
• nr-ar Buchanan: lot 27:6x120 to rear street;
| rents very low, $r,,'); only $7250; make offer.
I fh^X"— Seventeenth St., near Capp; dwelling
I and lot: 50x110.
$-,;«»_Cor:-ier Twenty-third and Noe sts. ; 2o:h
I xll4; fiats renting for $40.
| $4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 28x137:6
' Sil's0 — Gough st.. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
i bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x52:6.
i $2600 only for a nice 2-story house in p=rfe. i
order; Hampshire .-t near Eighteenth; lot 25x
j 100. • ■;.*■_.
I $3500— Guerrero St., near Twentieth; 25x100;
i two fiats renting for $25.
| 0 Farrell st.. near Devisadero: three
' bouses; rents $42 t>er month; lot 45xS0.
! $2300— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
! and hath; 24:3x114.
j
j $30t»— Cottage and lot: Twenty-third. St., near
Castro: 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$3250 — Goldfn Gate aye.. corner Lvon st .
store and rooms; 32:6x100.
$S3O0 — I'hattar.ooga st.. near Twenty-third: 2
! flats: rents $1>; lot 25x117.
$23W^-Church ft.. n«ar Twenty*elghth ; store
I and Hats; 25x100.
j
} — Diamond st.. near Nlnetcentl 6 rooms
1 and ."bath; rpnts $1* 50; lot 25x12"..
UNIMPROVED PR" (PERTT.
$20,0'>1 — Pacific aye., southwest corner Octa-
! via st.: 50x127:8.
I Corner on Haight and Octavia sts.. 1 blork
I off Market: 37:«\K'0; offered low; one-half pur-
' chase can remain at 6 per cent.
i Suiter ?t., near Buchanan; 2"5:3x57:6; $3535.
$2000— CaJifornla St.. near Brodei 24:9x52:6.
Eighteenth st., corner Diamond; 2. T .x75: $225>i.
I J3EOO— Bryant st" near Twenty-fifth; .".2xloo.
j t2~&>~' — Clay st., nesj Spruce; 27:>jx127:S. •
SISOO-^-FHbert st., corner Buchanan: 23x90.
$1750— Union St.. near Webster: 25xl(X).
! $10e«-^Seventh aye., near J «t. : 25-120-
-syXl--SixteenthX l - -Sixteenth St., . near Captro;. 25x100. .
JSOO — Jersey st., near Noe: 25x114.
i SSw— Twentieth St.. corner rlaas; 30x110.
MADISON & IJURKE. .- Market st.
! O. F. YON RHEIN & CO..
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
Sox<6:B— XE. cor. Post and Stockton; 80 'on
| Post by 4i5:S "n Stockton: properly Improved
! will rent for $13f<~> per month. > 1'
Montgomery aye., through to Washington st. ;
brick improvements; r->r.ts $190.
t . 33x127:6— Ha>es st., near Flilmore: 3 flats;
rent $90; $13.000.
S7:6xos— Mason st.. near Post; 2-story double
houses: rents 557 50; 512.0C0.
50x137:6— Pine St.. near Larkin; old lprove-
ments.
62:6x137:6 — Taylor St., near Pine; 16-room
hou?e: rent $50; $10.0*0.
T.fixSO— C-irner Mason and Lombard: 2-story
house: 2 tlats and stable: rents <;•!>; $lO.&X>.
3S:9xl37:!»— Union Kt> near Dupont; 2-story
brick buil.iins; rents ?•■>>> 50; JS3OO.
20xeS:9 to rear street; Union, near Dupont;
3 front and 3 rear fiats; rents ■- ■ 50; $SOOO. .
j 20_s0— Fourth s:.. near Harrison; store and
! flat: fSSro; sale urgent.
61x117—6 modern lav rents $110: sunny.
j 57:6x137:6— Cur. Jackson and Adel» place, bet.
i Stockton and Powell; old impts; $5ot«).
46x50 — Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
bouses: rents 154; $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6 — Cor. Kearny and Greenwich:
10 two-story houses: rents JSO; 16000. ■
25x100— Pacific aye.. r.ear Polk; 2 flats and
| rear house; rents $4".; r >".V).
45x53:6— Greenwich, near Powell; residence, 10
i rooms: $£000. . .
22x65:5— ■:fic. near Mason; house of eight
rooms ar.d bath: $4*oo.
24^xSS.^— Green St., near Powell:- new mod-
ern ray-window flats: rents S3S; $4500.
40x137:6— Chestnut st.. near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents $3i: $4000.
2:.x122:6— 5h0t well St.. near 24th; 2 flats; $3.«00.
50x90 — Lombard st., near Stockton; house of
10 rooms and bath; $4C*O.
31x122:5— Howard, nr. 19th: cottage; rents $16.
25x75— Shipley st.. n*=ar 6th: ' flats; rents $3".
22:6x120 — To rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
flats; rents $24; $2500. ;;
23xS0— Federal St.. near l6t; front and rear
licuse; reins $20: $2250.
JSxl Lyon, near Geary; cottage: S2Z
23x60— Austin, near Van Ness; cottage; $2000.
25xC4— Post, near Central aye.; cottage; $150 C.
UNIMPROVED.
25xlCO— Florida -■ . north of ISth; adjoining
Union Brewery; effer wanted.
25x110 — Scott st.. ne.-.r Washington; $3750.
Sfac7l.lo— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts. .
26x105 — Cor. 22d and Noe sts.; $2ro«.
37:4- xl37.6— Greenwich, near Polk: $20C0.
31:6x100 — Cor. Lombard and Buchanan; $1500.
25x100— Valencia, bei 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
2".:Sxll4— 2Mh, near Dolores; $1000.
L'Si'xi-S— NW cor. Fountain and 25th.
25x137:6— 5. Frederick, west of Cole.
26:5x114— Twenty-seventh, near Church: 1600.
; A — s7Sso; CHOICEST corner of all; marine ar.d
park view, front and .r?ar. cannot be ob-
i structed; 10 large sunny rooms; most ex-
pensively decorated: Inlaid floors: mahogany,
cherry and oak mantels; piate glass windows; j
very " costly 6-l!ght gas fixtures; French |
range, heaters, conservatory, etc. Apply to
ALBERT WILFORD. cor. Fulton and Shrad»r
sts . from 12 to 4 p. m. ; McAllister or Harea
street cars, v , __^
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS,
GET OUR PRICES AND LOCATIONS
AND YOU WILL SURELY BUY FROM US!
I $350 to $S00 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond lots,
I ready to build on. $"5 down, $10 monthly.
$150 to $300— Lots on the Ocean boulevard and
Park, $lv down. J-j monthly.
' $100— Level Ocean View lots, near etectrlc
cars, $10 down, $5 monthly.
$1050— Splendid 4-roorn and basement cottage,
close to Mission St. and cars; ea.=y terms.
C\LL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
- -SOL. GETZ 4 BRO..
Room A. Crocker Building.
C C BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 524 Montgomery st.
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
_nd Douglass sts. : must be sold; Soxll4 feet.
-North .line Carl st . near Stanyan: 50x
Residence and lot— North Vine Pacific aye..
near Webster St.; lot SOxir?:? 1 ; feet.
$1550 ONT-Y; reduced price: cheap corner; must
be ltd immediately.
Reduced from $1550 to $1550: ready to build
on southwest corner Webster and Filbert
et*. : SSxICO.
THOMAS MAGEE * BOKB,
5 Montgomery St.
WE have the residence: you have $2400: we
want It. GEORGE W. CHAPIN, U Mont-
gomery *t. , - . •
$325^-LARGE lot. 44:6x1-^3:B. nr. Sunnyside: 1
block, 'r.->m two car lines: positive bargain;
no humbug. Onrner. i\ Powell, rooms 1 and 2
IF your property is mortgag and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
1
KEAL ESTATE— CITY— For Sale.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
- RKAL- ESTATE AGENTS." ' ~
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
>* . . " '"' J39,f.ofr. .» -■ '
i .Corner on Geary St.: si .res and flats; lot 56:6
x 62:6. . .": • ...
- $30,0001
-Business corner 'on. Pevisadero st.: 3 stores
and S flats; rent $2440 per annum; 56x». •
.:. ; : ) $21,000. Y\.^
Business corner on Geary st-; 4 stores and 4
flats; rents $1£96--per annum: Improvements
nearly new and modern: 55x96:8. ~ - '.. ■ ■
■•i 117,600.' , -■;"■":
Down town business property; 2 stores and
rooming house; rents SISSO p»r annum; 4"4:2 x
59:6; substantial brick building. . •
f - $12,500. '- "
Turk st. business property; 5 flats; rent $105;
25x137 r8; a short tiistame from Market- St.
$12,500. ; '
Third st.: a short distance from Market; 3-
story ■ brick building In store and two upper
floors: rent $S>6o per annum. • '. 
$l»,000. - ', . .'v
Hayes Bt. and Ivy aye.. near Market: old Im-
provements "and' lot 27:6x120: 2 frontagea.-
'■ ■ *. "■ ;"- : $i 0,300." ■-•;••■
Fine corner on Fillmore St.; substantial ,ln-
provements it; store ard seyerml flats; rent $J3O
per annum; 27:6x51:3. .
: $6750.
■ Page «t ; 3 ele<Rn.t new nviaern flits: r»nt
$57 50 per month; 25x95.-
-ssooe
Price greatly reduced: I substantial ?-st,ory
houses of 8 rooms and bath each; rent $730 per
annum: 37:6x71. Must be sold to close,, an
estate; could be changed into rlats at a. smn!'
outlay. ■■
' '." $5250. '' _ . _ .'
i Green St.; 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms and ''bath
each; modern; rents $510 per annum: 25x100.
.. . $4500.
■Folsom st. Investment. rents $540 per annum:
store and flat; improvements nearly new.
$4530.
Rents $540 per 'annum: Pacific HeTgrits. 2
fine modern flats of 6 and 7 rriorrls and bath
each; large lot 29x137:*. ' "• ',"i
$14. 100..
Jackson st.. PaclftV- I ■• : el^cant East
lak« mansion of 14 rotfrtti. etc., et« ; 35x127 :SU-
' Jfl.SCi}.? ''■'■': •- "4«-'\"' '
Elegant Pacific Helsbta mansidn; lSrooijns.
bath, etc.-; fine marine view; lar*>? lot; SSxIOSA
j. ■ ■ . :.••» - $iO,OW:'s •-■■?.''■ ':
Corner on Guerrei St.; elegant mansion of
9 rooms and 'bath, attic, baseMent, e--.. all
modern Improvements; large lot 75:6x1fr4.
'•■•
Very cheap: P!n??t.: coxy, new, moH*rn cot-
tage uf 5 rooms anil bath, etc.; large lot.
j:«"»o. •
OFarrell st.; c ttag* of 4 rooms, bath, etc.;
27:0x1
■
'coey cottage of 5 rooms, and bath. etc,, near
29th and Mission ?•.-■=.: ,larg« lot B7:«x7'S; will b«
Fold on easy term?. ' ; • „
(.'all and obtain one >>r our 'Rpal Estate Rec-
ord " which contains' a,. list of properties for
SalC iallpart °G. lb H H U>IBSEN & "CO..
-, ' !'«' Montgomery street.
COFFEY.^m^.ES^CO^g^ "
"■ MONT(JOMERY ST.
$15C0— A bargain- .builain? lot; 1 >ntral aye.,
near Hayes «t. ; must ■< be sold; '^xIOO.
I^^o-Make an offer; Fell st., NTV. corner
Scott . lot 25x100.
j4f,oO— Bargain in flatf; almost new; rents $40.
best portion Union st.
$3SOO— Elegant corner near the park; 3 feet
front- wortn $5000; offered at this low Bgure to
make' immediate sale; ail street work done.
$6780 bury St.. near' the park; elegant
flats; rent $55; strei 1 accepted.
jjo 000— Turk St., near Market; building and
lot £3x137:6- if hou?e was further improved
could be made a fine n vestment; right iwn-
town. ■:
{5000— Rents $45 per month; lot 25x137:6; Golden
Gate aye - 1
jissO_Fine building lot; near Girls' High
School; 27:tl front.
$3.'JJO—Sold to close an' estate; Shotwell St.;
flats and rear house; lot 3") feet.
' $110 per front foot— Van Kese-a.ve. bnildlng
lots; ?lzes to suit.
j=,S.VV-Best snap In town; 2 flats of 9 and 5
rooir.s en<l hath: near the park; property cost
$'«»0 a short time ago. _•_
/ COFFEY. HUGHES CO.,
Real Estate.
13 Montsomerj' Bl
A m MARKET ST./ OPPOSITE KEARNY.
RARE INVESTMENTS.
■ $«5,r.(?V-El!ls st. enfner, near the Paiflwtn; Wi
xlf>7; if Improved can leas? for 10 years at
$1400 per month guaranteed .lease. - ,-• •
J4o,o(io— 1 rand investment near Powell et.,
rents $4'Xv momhly; lot 60x150 feet. ■: :- ; "•
JS5.OOO— Within ■ .' feet of Market and Stock-
ton -■« fine 4-story, building; leased; never
r.ffered for salei
$25, COO —Best retail block west of Taylor st- ;
45x130; 2 stores and ('flab Bne building; rent -
$2400. . . .:
$15,000-^3 ne-vr flats, hear Taylor and Bush
sts.; rents $142: -. fine buy.
{7500—5 modern flats, near Fourth and Mar-
ket sts.: lot 4') feat front; r»nts about $100*). •
J3.VK! — y)-room residence; n*ar Golden Gate
aye.: lot 37:6x137:6.
$3COO— Mason-st. bargain: must sell; lot i\
feet frontage; 2 hous-s.
Bank foreclosures. Large list mortgage fore-
ires.
A. M SPECK & CO..
667 Market st.. opp. K»arny.
JOHN TFORR. removed to 403 Pine it., oppo-
site the . ,-ada Bank.
{3<) j 6O>- j -Rent yso; a very flne corner near
Market and Sixth st*.; - snap.
$4500, reduced from $5600- A Z-stdry heus» of T
rooms and stable: Fulton St., only 1 blocks
Xrom City Ha!!; lot 27:6x137.6.
$SSso— Rent $4J; Webster St., n'ar Washington;
a tine double flat. 6 rooms and bath each.
$31.000 — An excellent corner In the best busi-
ness part of the city: -paying 10 rer cent.
$23.000— A very «'.ib«tantia'.!y built S-story bay-
window house cm Larkin St.. a few doors south
ct Geary; 2 stores, with 3 rooms each, .22 rooms
and bath upstairs and 4 flats ot 4 roams each
in house in the rear; lot 47:«xlX7:t; rent $ISS.
■?2<oo each— l double flats of '.' rooms each, near
the corner of Sixth and Bryant' sts. : rent $25 ea.
Several fine properties on McAllister st.
$10.000— Three \ client 2-story bay-window
houses on Haight Bt.. 3 blocks frjin Market;
lot \ 137:6; rent $75.
J2s.ooC— Rent $150; a prominent northwest cor-
ner. 6oxKo feet: In pr \---mentt of 3 store* and 3
flats above and 2 cottages, ail rented; there la
a fortune .in this property^
FINE corner on Mateo and Arlington sts., In
the Fairm Tract," very cheap. JACOB
HEYMAN & SON. 11 M tg i rry st.
\V WILL
Charye you only We interest oa each $10.
while the Mlord charr" you '' 'Only 1
cottage of 4 rooms .... rably situ-
ated on Hoffman aye.. near Twentyisecond
st. In the Heyman Tract. Mr. Cotter, th-
agent at our branch of flee on the tract, will b-
pleased to shew it to you. JACOB HEYMAN
ft. SON, Owners ani Builders. 19 Montgomery.
HEALTH RESORT of Sa.n Francl-co.
We are prepared to s« lots and build novel
. cottage on easy terms at the Ocean boule-
vard. Sunset Beach; we wUI also rent c.irs
to families or clubs: our lots are beautifully
located. I block from the cars ar,<3 the boule-
vard, with a superb view of the ocein. JA-
COB HEYMAN & SON, Owners and Build-
ers, IS Montgomery M
A— s7s; LOTS H«"xll5. in the Abbey Homestead,
near San Matee electric • cars: good -for
• chicken ranches. . - ;-...,..-
JACOB HEYMAN & SON, 13 Montgomery st.
$17CO— GREAT .bargain: v . use nf ' rwrai, bath.
between Gutrrero and Valencia ets.; rent*
Jor $16 Zt>; always re — I lot 2ixlOO. Owner.
box 1455. Call office.
NEW HOMES
Fine 6. f. 9 and 10 room hou-es. flnishei
with all moOern conveniences, fronting on
Waller,' Pleroe and Prinrose sts., from I*:'*
to $4sCO; terms to suit purchas-r. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.' ■ .
$2250— SHOTWELL st.-; lot 52:8x115 to rear alley,
with improvements: rents for $20 per month;
• a", way? rented; barjrtin. P\ 14S8, Call office.
$IS3O— BIG chance: Pays 21 per cen«: new
building and lot 25xS0: 3 blocks from Call
building. H. J.. boa 10*7. Call rfflee.
A LOT and house at 1102 Indiana si.: reason-
able terms for cash. _
ELEGANT cottage, Guerrero »r.d Twenty-
seventh sts.: modern improvements. HENRY
FEIGE. Builder, 1C24 Capp st >
IF your property is mortgaged) and you need
more money se* H. MURPHY. 6r> Mar »t.
ASHTON & .GARDINER. 411 Montgorr.ery at.
Valencia-stf lets: any site; $l3i per front
foot; froptlac on 2 streets.
Twenty-third *t-. ccrn»r San Jose aye.. with
Improvements; ISSOC.
Second and Silver sta : corner, with lmprove-
ments. 18700. • *• * •' ■ ■ .■ s
LEVEL building lots. snaps for cash. htnat
*t.. $1000: Plxley St., lHv: Greenwich st., $.:>V;
cr half cash, balance $13 per month; title per-
fect. Ml Market pt. •
■■ -New house of ll rooms, now r»nte3 for
149 per month. 224 Dore st. Apply DANIEL
FOLFY. I Brady ft. ; V ■.--.-
SMALL ch'.cken ranch, good location; fUrnlshel
house, snd lot: well water: chlck-ns. : r- -.-
. etc.: • ■erexythlnc complete: Raiir aye..
Scuth San Franctsccf. Box SJ2. Cai! fflc*.
FOR SALE— Seven-.roo,ni mcd?rn cett«ee. lot
eOxIOO, stable and carriage house. 2-23) Point
Lobes aye.
RfcAt, ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
A— GREAT BARGAXNS.
A NICE. COTTAGE. ' , .■
2100— Nineteenth, near : Mississippi:* not far
from the nion Iron Works, contains 4 room*,
balh, etc.'; furniture, etc., Included.
I Worth $■<*■•*. Dsvlsadero St., bet. Clay
1 and Wa-hlnston; nice bay-wlndcw residence,
7 rooms, bath, hot-a.ir furnace and all con-
veniences.
-:'■ - R<»tu $2:: Langton st.. near Seventh and
: nrrsrrt. 2 good flats, 4 and. s rooms each. - ;
$47*0— Rent $15; Fnleom »t., east of Ninth;
lot !Sx9o: stcr* and flat above.
, ■j?2!o— Three handsome new flats close to the
; Park; up to dat« In every respect; marb!<» steps,
etc.; sun In every room; best bargain in tho
: market.
*$sCM— Washlniten St.. near Powell; 2-story
brick : building <-^nt3ir.:ng 10 rooms and base-
, n'.ent; iarg:- ecrner lot, 40x77:6; building cov-
ery only portion of lot.
*SSW— Rsnt $T2: .Mason st., Tiear Clay; S-etory
house U rooms and bath: als-» double eottag«
lof 6 rooms each ; lot 40x60. >
$4JCo— Fine fl«t». almost- n»»w,- on Golden Oate
aye., near Baier st. : 1 flats. 6 and 7 rooms,
ttc;; lot 2!xlW; r \ owner over $7000; must
be sold. .
A -TOWN" CORNER.
i 515.0 C0 — Corncir Investment; clos» to Ellis and
ITr^» sts ; stnr» and flats; large lot; pays
well.
FRONTIXG GOLDEN GATE PARK.
$62fO— Modern residence. Oak St., near Ash-
; bury-; contains S r""mF, bath, etc : lot 25x137:6;
can be bought c-n desirable terms.
: -}IW-Nr* St., near Nineteenth: 25x105. with
rood cottage of 5 rooms, bati etc.; rent $16;
is a good Investment or home.' ■
I J57S9— Butter St., near Devisadero; lot 34:*i*x
i 127 :«, with I-story residence containing 8 rooms
| and bath, etc. ; also stable.
$1200 — Great bargain; Harrison St., near
T_ive.nty-fourth; lot 26x100, ivith cottage of 3
I rooms. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
- 10 Montgomery St.
j A^s2BoC— PACITIC, near Hyde; store and flat
i above; also rear house; lot 26x75.
| $2400— Pays $27: good Investment; close to
! Third and Bryant ets.; 2 houses: both rented.
! 21iy>- Clement *t.. near Fifth aye.; modern
; b«y-wlndow cottage 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
i 1M; Stable 1 in rear. '
J7ooQ— Folsom st., near Sixth; lot 37:6x90; 2
houses of 7 room each; rent $50.
j
j T tn«t<>f-nth St., near Noe: lot 23x114;
j rent J2fl; 2 flats of 4 and .'. rooms each.
BALDWIN <£ HOWELL.
■ \<) Montgomery st.
CHEAP PARK LOTS.
$2CO and Upward.
$25 Caeh, $5 Monthly.
; Choice Park l^s. ail ready for th° homf-
builder. south of and not far from Golden Gate
j Park.
I Go t-i our branch office t >-day (office op»n
I Sundays ai-,d holidays), corner of H st. and
j Ninth ay»., and our agent will piv you pric*
lifts, etc. . BALDWIN & HOWELL,
'■ 10 Montgomery et.
i mm
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
1
INVESTMENTS.
! REDTTCED IN ORDER TO BE SOLD THIS
WEEK.
$50"0 — Two nouses of 7 "rooms and bath, which
'. • . alone ar» w-irth the pries a«lc»J. and lot
34x100 -■--'.'• in the best psi
tion of the Western Addition; at small
expense can be rented for $<6 per month.
$2700— Pays is per cent per annum; 4 flats; al-
ways r»nted; rnortca«e of $1000 can re-
main.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
Must b<* sold before Auh-i«'. 8; substantial, well-
I built residence on Twenty-fourth St.,
I near Sanchez; 25x114.
1 FLATS.
j $6000 — new extra well built flats of 5 and 6
1,*., rooms, bath; elegant marine view; «r,
j Frederick St.; 2.*xlj«.
i $5000— Golden Gate aye . 2 modern flats, 6 and 5
rooms and bath: re.nt $40: 25x100.
j $4500 — Two tlats. 6 rooms and bath, on Treat
aye.. nenr Twenty-fnurth ft.
$3250— Two fiat*. S rooms and bath, on Shotwell
St.; 27:10x11! ■- Horace place.
COTTAGES AND RESIDENCES.
' Modern residenoe, extra well built.- on
Pagr* st.. near [>*rk panhandle; 11 rooms,
bath and laundry: 80xlJ7:t
$5100r-Houjpe. 6 rooms anl bath; stable; 30x75;
on O'Farrell et.: expressman and latm-
■ drymsn. =e^ this.
— Two ttages ne on each street; 27:6 x
109; lot worth mon»y.
$1875 HOMESEEKERS-SIS7S.
$300 ca«h, balance 128 p»r month.
NO TAXES, NO INTEREST, NO IN-
SURANCE.
Modern home 'in course of construction);
5 rooms and bath and high basement;
• gome c»illnrs. tile mantels, porcelain
■ tubs; fin» view; lose to car linei.
LOTS.
J2flort— Fulton st., n»ar Lyon: 2."x137:5.
I2t*0 — 1330 cat balance mortgage at 6^ per
cent. Rns lot on Haight St.; fln» view;
Bear rark. 20x120.
; tZtAO— Pag* <r . near AshbUry; 23x137:6.
$1730 -Three tots on Green Et.. near
Hyde: fir.» marine view. c
I heapest l^t In the city; $100 cash, bal-
ance easy : half a block from Mission st. ;
•• ' ISxl W.
W« hold our regular auction sales every- two
■ w«Vf. " I" r '. irther particulars apply to
BASTOK, ELDRIDGE .<- CO.,
I 6SS Market et.
= -
$50«.
S fin» f!nt? on Minna st.. near Eighth; rented
for $47 monthly: a good safe income property.
•
4 f.ats of 4 rooms each in Mission; rents J32
per month; lot 2oxlOC.
.-
$BCO.
2 r - * flats of 4 and 5 rooms, near Sixteenth
• snd Howard sts.; a. bargain. - -; r-
54900.
Good -.-•, of 7 rooms on Steiner St., near
OFarrell; lot 22:6x13T:«; offer wanted.
_
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
A rare ci,anc». we offer '• r sale at a great
; sacrifice 5 bes Itlf lot; in the Pacific Heights
I district; splendid marln» view; a great nppor-
i tunity to fecuro a 8n« lot al a cheap figure;
I •er.d or call tor Blal with prices.
$15,000.
Fin» residence Of 12 rooms en Jackson St.,
j near Flllmore; lot XT:«xI27:S.
• .m . COLLEGE HEIGHTS.
Very fine lots, with view of the city, $SOO to
! $UOO
! McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS..
i : in Montgomery st. San Franc!-:o.
' F' P. SALE BY
I HAWKS A: SKELTON, J2l '■' ntg - cry «t.
; y,-,r Boott 81 . near Washington, facing
I Alta Park; S ro«rr:F
i $7M9— Scott, near t'ni.>n; fin-' bay view; It
rooms and attic; r*v and artistic.
— Clay, near Webster; S rooms and bath;
| cost irOCO; this 1. a bargain.
» -Jackson st . nrar Deriaadero, north
i eid": - rooms: modern and sunny.
jSOCfl— >"»w Bati lyton St., rear H«!ght and ;
I the Park; r*nt? $W easy —
\. 'I'CM— Ke" flats. Frederick, near Clayron anj
! the Park: rents $50; <-a?y terms. "
; $45C5— Howard, n»ar Eighteenth; ? rooms and
bath: reduced T-m $5806 a bargs n
s* Flats; Hartt --■ st near Ca.nro and
i 15th: 4 i- A . t rooms »nd bath each.
i»y;S— Cettsr? In warm belt of the Mission; 5
; rooms and bath and high basement: make an
t offer.
A!»o numerous other residences, investments
!an lots. HAWKS & SKELTON. ■
'•;.:; 321 M ntgomery st.
I $2*C&— MUST be sold;! make «j» offer; Calif^r-
j nia aye . near Mission st.; new S-room house.
i an in nice rder.
I J30O0— 50xl?!>, with- 7-room cottage. 3 years cd;
-. X ft.. n»ar Ninth aye.: go out and look at it.
j JK*— 7sxloo: - — .er in Potrero; Texas and
iMfirlposa: sin sell cheap.
! ><Zi- ZSxIH nice home lot on Treat ay».;
' near Precita; clc*e to car*: read) for building.
I 185 cash. $l per month— Fine level bulld-
< ingvlots on. Twaniy-fourth aye.. In Richmond;
i tjn car. line.' •
■ $J . cash. $5 per month— Low prices; lols
south of the Park; $71 and up.
Lot« on Nineteenth are. Boulevard aye.;
ea*>' t»rms . McEAVEN BROS.
«22 Stanyan and US Montgomery st.
*C>J SCOTT St.. near Sacramento — Modern 7-
room boose, with lot 34x«1:3. J. H. CARSE,
| 11 Montgomery st.
I $2;?0 — MODERN »-roora cottng<» and bath on
I Twenty-second St.. near Noe. Box 14-" Call.
• if your property Is mortgaged and yoa need
■m-ire mon»y *•* H. MURPHY. eJ-J Market St.
! GOOD fcu*in«s» prTperty: S flats and stores;
I lacome $140 p»r month. Box frM, Call office.
, $1700— NEW -house, brick foundation; j ruonu
, tr.l b»th. SPECK, -','. Market st.
REAL ESTATE COIXTHV — For Sale
( . ~~ — —
FOR SALE
j One of the finest Investments in the State;
■ located 40 miles from San Francisco; com-
munication bcth iy ri:: and water: contain-
i( lOg 70j»cr*s, bsrmi *hte* there Is a Mo. 1 mile
. racetrack; acreac* Is weh shs -' and ltld
■ out ia r park ef tvr--h tre««; Bne pavilion 9Ox
' 1J0; mr»t\i stand- 4?xl7J, seats ZSOO people; club-
r,--rr. ' — • «a"loor.: -'" box and training
' stall*. Hi stock stalls, 20 cpen corrals, 7o
: open shed stalls nnd numerous other out-
buildings: water piped -to all portions grounds
' mi- bu:!air.r« side track from ra/lroad to
I grohndl iße Btreet 'care, run to track: Just
th« plac? '-- --••-—.: would also make a
■: «ne picnic ar.4 pleasure resort; only I*, hours
from Sas Fraae -For further particulars
call oiuBOVEE. TOT & SONNTAG, €24 Mar-
ket St.. San . Frand»co.
SONOMA Countr: J" acres: 1450 C; '. acres. a*>-
i pies. S acres prunes: house, ham. chtcken-
, houses. »te. S## o»ner evtnings at 517 Fol-
s-irr. St. ' ■
JIARIN Co.. 2« mil-s from S. F — $49 to ISO per
■ cr«: choice lands In tracts cf all sizes; Im-
proved farms, cnlcxen ranches, hay. grain,
j fruit and vegetable iar.ds. ra»y t«rm», rai!
ar.d water transit: fond schools. HOME ANl>
I FARM CO.. nr.. 27. Sta floor, Mills bi4g., S. F.
I
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sale
FOR SALE— of 45Q acres in best loca-
tion In State. The place Is in a valley by it-
. self, half a mile from railroad station, 18
- miles from water transportation and a ride
of two and a half hours from the city. 350
acres tillable, level land. 200 under cultiva-
tion in vineyard, fruit and grain: plenty of
. water, pasturage and timber 'and two sets of
,farm buildings, . besides fencing for fields,
pasture and boundaries." A bargain for cash
or in trade for suitable city sroperty. Ad-
dress, box 1700. Call.
FOR SALE 77777
Chicken ranch of 8 acres: house of ,-. rooms,
with furniture; barn, brooder-house and
chicken-houses: large Petaluma Incubator; 5
brooders; about 700 white Leghofn chickens;
good horse; fine cow; about 17 tons new hay;
new 2-seat»d wag.->n and ham°ss: small young
orchard; also b»rrie^. lots of wire netting.
! garden tools, etc.; water In house; every-
thing complete for- poultry raising; nice
, home; rear postoffice. depot and school; all
for *1550 cash. ! Address the owner. E. F.
READE. Cotatl. Ca!. .
MENLO '. MENLO
20) acre? at Menlo Park in subdlvisloha to
suit; water piped to each tract; spreading
[ oaks; rich soil; $110 to Jl6O per acre; hi cash.
• balance l. 2 and 3 years: Interest 7 per cent:
I cheapest property ever offered In the vicinity
of Menlo and Stanford University. W. G.
GRIFFITH, room 311.- Hesrst building.
; $5000— FOR SALE— A 3-acre tract »et out with
all the best varieties of full bearing fruit
tre^s. good house and larpe chicken yard: lo-
cated on th° north si'.ie of the grandest boule-
vard in the world. : "Estudillo avenue." be-
tween the r"sidenre of W. J. Landers and
Paul M. Nlppert, San Leandro. Alameda
j County, Cal.: a rare opportunity. Inquire
JOS HERRSCHER.. San Leandro. -
NEW rich land near city: small and iarge
tracts; 2150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1597-9S address THE
COTATI C 0... an? Cnlifrrnia St.. S. F.
I -=
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
RESIDENCE. 6 or 7 rooms; will pay $2000 cash.
. H.-x 117". ''.til r,ffl c p.
RESTAURANTS.
! WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream rarlcr. 103S Market st.: popular price*.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— LEAVENWORTH. SU— Four room, sunny
floor; unfurnishedj bath: yard; for couple: Jl4.
; AT 14A Geary— Nice sunny front suite fur-
I nlshed complete for light housekeeping.
BAY Station. 121S, Alameda— Pleasant sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; heap.
: CLAYTON, 872— 2 or 3 nice sunny rooms, suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
ELLIS. — 2 .-r 3 sunny rooms, with stove;
also 1 unfurnished; rent moderate.^
EDDY. Three large unfurnished rooms;
laundry; large yard; also single furnished.
1 FIRfT 359. bet. Folsom and Harrison. Rincon
Hill— Two large unfurnished rooms, front
room and kitchen; suitable for man and wife.
i FOLSOM, 523— Parlor suite, 3 rooms, complete-
ly furnished for hkpg.; single or en suite. _
; FULTON, 121Vi— 2 sunny front furnished house,
i keeping rooms; range, water, large yard; JlO.
; FIFTH. 353— 3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing. $13: also 2. $10: single. $5 to $7.
FOLSOM. 1136—3 ni<-e sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping; rent cheap.
GEARY. r.17 — Pour nice unfurnished rooms,
bath, toilette, e.ts yard, basement-
GOLDEN GATE aye. 1404- Nrcelj furnished
rooms, complete. $12: large room. $5.
| GROVE. 360—2 Furnished housekeeping rooms
to rent.
t HAVES. 115 (The Jewell)— Desirable furnished
; hskpg. rms.; r»as. . gas, bath: also single.
HOWARD, 6.¥>— Front room and kitchen fur-
! nlshfJ for housekeeping.
j HOWARD. 1061—2 connecting completely fur-
j nlshi I housekeeping rooms; running water.
! HOWARD, i:"' 4 — Sunny bay-window suite:
■ other rooms; light housekeeping; private; no
' children.
• IVANHOE. ICO2 Polk. cpr. Geary— Light, clean,
! sunr.y; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.^. $15 up; ref.
• JONES. 171115* near adway — I Clean, sunny
1 cozy roomn, complete; $15; see this.
! KEARNI, 170S— Two nicely .furnished sunny
rooms. light housekeeping, private family;
j fine marine view and . ■ len.
i LAGUNA. 613— Nice sunr.y front housekeeping
room, suitable for 1 or 2 working ladies;
i rheap.
! LAGUNA, 524 (St. James)— Furnished and un-
furnished; light housekeeping; reasonable.
j LAGUNA. 1719— Two furnished- rooms, suitable
I - .for light housekeeping; rent $15.
! IvANGTON. 13. near Seventh and Howard—
i ' neatly furnished rooms, housekeeping, $10.
'MARKET. 172«, near Polk— 2 elegant furnished
j sunny rooms; lijrht housek^epinr.
j MINNA. 573. near Seventh— 2 large rooms, all
j complete; sunny yard: rent cheap:
' MISSION. 1037— Rooms with or without house-
i keeping; nicely furnished.
i MISSION, 1063 (The Eastlyn)— Housekeeping
; rooms; also tingle rooms.
; MISSION, 1322— Large back room for house-
; keeping, $1 75 a week; bath.
i NEWLY furnished front rooms for housekeep-
| in?: $5. Box 1481. Call Office.
i XOE, 1?3— 2 or 4 Bunny rooms; parlors; kitchen:
coal range; bath; yard; JlO to JIS.
' OAK, — Front cor. bay-window rm. or suit;
also I tetely furnished housekeeping rm.
| OAK. 11l (block of Van Ness)— 3 or 4 hskpg.
; roon - completely fur.; er.s stove: run. water.
j OAK. 247— Two unfurnished front rooms for
j light housekeeping. ■
j OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— sunny rooms,
; housekeeping, mantel, gas stove: $12.
j FARRELL. 2S2— X sull fine for family: sln-
' gle also; reasonable.
i POST, 617H — Unfurnished; 2 large sur.ny rooms);
hOQsekeeplng; rent $10.
i SILVER, 30— Three unfurnished rooms up-
: stairs and three downstairs, suitable for two
families for light - eeplng.
I SIXTH. 2164— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. $2 50 per wk. up; also single; quiet.
! SIXTH. 42?— Large sunny front room* with or
without hou«ekee;
i SOUTH PARK.' 90—2 front sunny housekeeping
I rooms. til; furnished and unfurnished.
\ SOUTH PARK. 1S4 1 . near Third— 2 sunny front
[ rooms plfte for hskpg.; nicely furnished.
\ STOCKTON. 701. cor. California— For rooms
! and housekpg: dining-room, parlor, kitchen.
! SUTTER. 1111. nr. Comfortably furn.
single suites: all hskpg.; terms reasonable.
: TEHAMA. Itl nr. Sixth— sl4: 5 sunny furnished
: rooms, kitchen; complete; suitable for tailor
i or dressmaker.
'TURK, 'II9— 2 housekeeping rooms. $10; large
! front room with gas range. Ji4; large suit, $IS.
' TURK. 33J. near Hyde— Parlor floor, 3 furnished
I room?, complete for housekpg. ; private house.
■ TWENTY-THIRD, 3161B— Two unfurnished
housekeeping rooms, with bath and station-
: ary wnshmb?.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms in suits of 2 and 3: fur-
nished.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Sunny parlor suite,
kitchen, gas range: small suito. $14.
! .
i ROOMS. TO LET Fnrn. and Inlurn.
ABBOTSFORD The), cor. 3raad*vay and Polk
yjiM. and "homelike; rooms bright and sunny.
. single, suite; eiiarzes moderate :" cars direct.
i A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c •- Jl per night; Jl 25 to Jo per week, and
llgfcl housekeeping: open all night.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearoy st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or sincle: first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable. ".;--"-
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service; elevator;
i bath; rooms. ;>oc to $1 50 day. MRS. J, KrNG.
A— SUTTER. 715-717, near Taylor— Sunny; rea-
s--r.,-ib!e; appreciated if seen; please investi-
gate '
AT Glrard Hcuse. 192 Seventh— Furnished sin-
Cle and suites; also large unfurnished . room.
AT New Grand. 245 3d— 200 Ist-class sunny rms.,
15c 13 Jl day; 9^-c to $4 wk: a!»o housekeeping.
AT M Second— Nice single, double Knd light
I housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
BURNETT. 112$ Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nls'r'-' rms.. suite*, sinele: also unfurnished.
BUSH, err— Furnished and unfurnished, for
office or living rooms. ( !/■;'.
CARROLTON. 12W Market, cor. ' Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn. rms. A offices.
, CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
, furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EAST. — Sunny front room; private family.
ELLIS. 114. nr. Powell— Newly fur. ; new man-
agm t: cozy rm».. hand'iy fur.; reas.: trans't.
FIFTH. 33. half block from Market— Newly
; renovated: cheac: sunny rooms. $6 upward
per month.
FIFTH. 39— Sunny bay-window double front
rocm, running water, »9: also single.
FIFTH. '7— Pleasant. sunny, unfurnished
■ rooms' to let."' -■ •
FIFTH. 221— Newly renovated sanny room*,
• fl 25 to |2 s0 per week.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and nfnrn.
FOLSOM, 776H— Large furnished r™m, every
convenience. J4 month.
i - i I, — ,
FOLSOM. $20, near -Fourth— Furnished sunny
', rooms, *1 per week.
FOURTH, 222U Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
double and single; $1 week up. _^
FOURTH 12S>4, nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd ar.d renovated; choice front rms.
FRANKLIN, 111B— Single or suite of rooms,
furnished or unfurnished: elegant sunny cor-
ner; gentlemen prefered. -■ -
GEARY. 406' (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYtK.
GEARY, 556— Elegantly furnished front and
back parlors; piano; phone; h>ltpg. : other rms.
GEARY, Jl.l^4— l or 2 furnished rooms; hot and
cold water; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK Houst. 7SI Mission— Select family
rOWUIUg house; $1 50 to J« per week.
HARRISON. 7?4»4. near Fourth-Flnely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; nil conveniences;
fiuiet home; Jl week up. "■
HAWTHORNE, 172. bet. 2d and M. nr. Harri-
son—Pleasant sunny corner room for 1 or 2
gents; private h";ise: b"^ard optional.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev. : free baths.
HOWARD, TflH— Nicely furnished. sunny
rooms; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. S2<v— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; niso housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 946—2 light small single rooms, Jl
. per week; double rooms. $1 25 and $1 50.
JACKSON. 906—2 Unfurnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping, water free; $5 50.
LARKIN, SO4-Small 6unny room, neatly fur-
-nUhed; $4. ■
LEXINGTON aye., 375— Large, sunny front
j room: furnished or unfurnished.
MARIPapA. 1169 Mission— Newly furnished
front and other rooms; all sunny: Jl wei up.
MARKET. 1035 — Changed hands; renovated; fine
rooms; reasonable; sunny. ;
MASON, 1929— Sunny furnished rooms, rent
cheap; near Filbert st.
MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished rooms, 75c and Jl
a week.
MINNA. 140—3 neatly furnished rooms, single
- and double.,
MINNA. 349'4-Nicely furnished sunny room,
with use of kitchen.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
wtndow room. Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. 646— Furnished front room, very
Isrge and sunny; private family: rent cheap.
MISSION. H6, bet Fourth and Fifth Newly
furnished sunny suites and 6lngle rms.: reas.
MISSION 10.il— EI»gant furnished front rooms
suitable for housekpg.; hot and cold water.
■ISSION, 2156— Nicely furnished sunny front
' room; to a lady, use of kitchen; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 748, near Hyde— 2 handsomely
furnished alcove suites; sunny; also single.
PINE. 110— Large suite of newly furnished
rooms; gas; use of bath.
POLK. 1602— Unfurnished front sunny room:
also a small front furnished room.
POWELL. 6CSA— Nicely furnished sunny suite
■ and single room: gentlemen only.
ROYAL House, 126 Elils St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50:
week, J2 to $S: month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office- floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SACRAMENTO, 13^— Three rooms; large yard;
rent $7.
SEVENTH. 230 A —2 front rooms and 1 back
room. $6. $S and $10; new house.
SHERMAN A; irtitifnt House. 2S Eighth St.,
neai Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 1 ■•. nr. Market— fur. rm*., stn-
gle and double; bright anl sunny; J> 25 wk up.
SIXTH, 33, nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele-
gant furr.!sh»d rooms; elevator; transient.
* SIXTH, 142— Nice sunny front rooms; also sin-
gle; day. we»k or month.
SOUTH PARK. 1158, oft Third— 2 neatly fur.
ro 'ms; private fam.; gas; bath; $5 and $7 mo.
1 SUTTER, 3<"/>— Nicely furnished rooms, Jl 50
I^r week; rultes, $2 50 per week.
SUTTER. /60— Large nicely furnished sunr.y
front room.
TAYLOR, 407— Two furnished room*.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom, cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth «t.. cor. Minna-
Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming housa
] for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD." 10S*i. near Mlsston— The Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms, Jl IS to $3.
TURK, 132— A parlor floor of 3 or 4 rooms,
nicely furnished, for gentlemen.
TURK. 529 — Sunny furnished room: running
water: bath; J7 month.
VAN NESS, 911— Fine parlor suite. 3 rooms, or
4 if desired; sunny; pleasant; yard: hskpg.
CHEAPEST ard best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 Fazes, sent to any address in th«
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
tw)star-<» ra'.d
ROOMS WASTED;
FURNISHED room in American Protestant
family. 15 minutes' walk from Call: give full
particulars. Box 1021, Call office.
YOUNG lady would like sunny room in pri\-ate
family, with breakfast: must be north of
Sutter st. Box 1002, Call office.
THREE or four^fumlshed rooms or small flat,
with piano, renx about $25. Box MSB, Call.
■WANTED-2 sunny connecting rooms or alcove
suite, running water, unfurnished; bet. Geary
■ and Pine and Powell and Jones sts. Address,
stating price, to box 1556. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for Ji.
postage raid
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
_ 1:
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint ■
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palring at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
SPECIAL^NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILINGS pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
piles without fati. no matter of now long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
ROOMS papered frcm $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done Hartman Paint Co.. >U 3d st.
B\D tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. ro:ms 9-30: tel. 552^.
~ SPIRITUALISM.
A BENEFIT will be given to-night for the
orphans in Sister Julia's care at Mrs. Eber-
hardt's Hall. 2250 Twenty-second st.. between
Mission and Valencia; good mediums.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritualist reading, 25c up. S 7th.
MRS. ELLIS, te»t» to all: Tues.-Frt.. t p. m. .
.Mon.. J; 2Sc: sittings. $L 233 Valencia »t-
CHEAPEST >"'• best in America— The Weekly
.Call.. 16 pages, sent " to any addre»» In the
United- Stit»s or Canada one year for Jl.
' .postage paid. .-,
: STABLES TO LET.
FINE well-located 5-slall s«Lble. reasonable;
living r.vn> obtainable. Box 1491. Call c-ff.ee.
~™ STORAGE.
CALA. -Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 2i.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Mvir.g Co.
Office 4-31 Poet. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. 4 H H goods. 735 Mkt.: tel. Black 111.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
CftH 1« -pages, sent to any address in th^
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage Paid. ._ ._^^_^^_^___^^_—
SUDUKBAN^I^M^ S._~
TO-LET— A modern b<«use of eleven rooms and
bath, with stable, in Ross Valley; i minutes'
walk from Ross Station. '
„ TO LEASE.
TO LEA?" *
Silver State Hotel. 16 ar.d IS Mason st..
consisting of 53 rooms, fully furnished, from
Auru*t 1.
Apply Immediately. BICIUit «,„ "
A. J. RICIt* CO..
112 Montgomery st.
. VI OEM NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. $6 (SOc p*r
share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
wil! be payable, at the office of the company
on and after Tuesday. Aucust 1. l?W Trans-
fer books will close on Wednesday. July H,
IS9J al I o'clfck d. ci.
E. H. SHELDON, SecretMjr.
1718
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJLAMBDA REAL ESTATE. i
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESSEKERS! j
The?e five houses on our list must be sola at
a sacrifice to clcse contracts:
No. I 1148 > for a 5226U ho:n<v "is. bath.
Xo. 2— r .O for a $2500 horn* n>oms. bath.
Xo. 3- $2330 for a $3500 home ■ .rooms, bath.
No «— s3ooo for a $47IV> lir.m- rooms, bat
No. 6— 54600 for a $7( ' \\c.v.\- ' rooms, bath.
Th* above homes ar.- !.>,;,t-l un the main
avenues of the city mi.l . m»-n modern im- ,
provements.
MA!:' ; "•-!■'. x REMMEL.
£20 Market F " • S V !i»y-st: Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNKA YS iSh HOLIDAYS.
BARGAIN- $lOOO cash. iKilhnce payments; new
7-ro..n: '-story house. I li ck to local, 2 blocks !
to business; "a lovely home: see It. Address
WM. P. TODD 3050 Broadway. Oakland.
j5ro_LOT 50x130; west >;<!•■ Ht. Charles st.
Cottage, 6 rooms, Lath, etc.; line loca-
tion; large lot.
jjipoO—House, LO rooms: lot 45x140; choice loca-
tion; Central aye., near Grand St.; great bar-
gain.
t6S(Yi — House, 9 roi ms, modern; water front
lot 49x150; Clinton aye.. near Chestnut st.
Morton st Comer lot, 100x151 . beautiful resi-
dence, jnooo. reduced to $7nr.o.
E. D. .TUDD C0. . J424 Park St.
NICE lot. }3>v>: fer wanted for 6-room cot-
tage- also 6-room house: Twenty-third aye.
J. H. YOUNG, Home Builder, 1243 Park st.
$70fi— FINE lot on bay shore.
J2200— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath: lot :
E2x150; near Higrh School and depot; terms. $100
cash. J-0 per month.
— New cottage, C< rooms and bath; lot 4?r
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc. : half block
f r. m station nnd High School: easy t»rma.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms. |
Houses to let in nil parts of Alameda,
H P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
SNAP— New House. 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
150: good location; 5 minutes' walk from, sta-
ttnn \r-r-'" '- W F PCHTT.TK Ifil? rhonin.
AI.AMKOA KOOHS \M» HOAHU.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; lares
grounds: private MRS. DR. FITNKK. 141fi StK
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
HA. HA!— Just the place you were looking for
where you can raine poultry close to town;
a .fine piece of property, size lSfixl2s, 2-story I
house of 7 rooms, plenty of water, 1 block ■
from electri.- railroad and only 5 minutes" i
from railroad station Apply JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley station.
HAVE 5 ra.'.i-rTi houses in course of construc-
tion one block south of the university; two
just sold; people wishing to locate in that
locality please call or write M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
WE offer a 9-room modern house" close to uni-
versity for $3650. We take pleasure in show-
Ing this property; it Is sure to meet your fi-
pectations. Come and see us. O. G. MAT &
CO.. 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and eneral Land i
Agent. 321 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Corner lot 7x150, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
■OTTAGE of fi rooms nd bath; lot 33:4 x
135; near station: street work done: has to be
sold at once. C NAMANNT. Lorln Station.
A LOVELY little home near the hills: house
of 3 rooms, lot 100x13."!. part of an orchard,
plenty of run for chickens; only 3 blocks from
electric railroad Apply JOS. J. MASON,
Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
ITVALF. REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY J. W. ELROD.
1550 — 2-room house; a good well and pump;
large lot; four blocks from local station.
J6."iO— House of :! rooms: ected with sewer; ]
moe garden: four blocks from station.
$1650— 6-room house, lust finished: all mod- j
crn: one block from electric cars; lot 59:«xl20;
this is a nice home, with all of the latest im- j
provements.
$ 1 7r>r. — Fine 6-room house; nice neighborhood: ■
large lot; 50x200; fenced and - fenced; suit- :
able for chicken raising.
J. W. ELROD.
The Home Building Company Office.
Near Fruitvale station.
FRUITVALE.
$SoO— Suitable for chickens; large grounds: 5
ror.ms: fenced; well and pump; close to cars
ami station: terms to suit.
Jft.-.O— Suitable for chickens; 4 rooms; high
basement; fenced; well and pump.
$1250 — »; ms; fine surroundings.
51250 — S rooms and basemejit.
Easy terms on all the above.
' THE HOME BUILDING COMPAXT.
Office, one block above Ltion, Fruitvale.
San Francisco office, room 2. 222 Sansome st. ;
LARGE level lots, $4f>o; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas; fine school [
close by; near railroad station and Oakland j
electric line: half-hourly trains to city; 5-cent ;
fare; glorious climate; build a home to suit I
yourself; easy payments; no city taxes.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO., Fruitvale
Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LIAM J. DINGEE,
Broadway. kland; Mills Building, rooms
15 and IG, second floor, San Franctsco.
$1500—1.16 acres n the city limits; only 1
block from car line; beautiful corner; all level.
ISO0— 50x130; Union st.. near Thirty-second;
cottage of 3 rooms.
MsOo— S3xlls; L'nion St., near Twenty-eighth;
cottage of 4 rooms; large barn and well.
$050 — 25x150; East Seventeenth's!., near Fifth
aye. ; cottage of 3 rooms.
Jl9O0 — 45x90; fine corner on Grove St.; wood-
yard and store. ■
$15ftO— 2".xia5; Filbert St.. near Fifth; cottage
of 6 rooms.
$1750—50x100; Sycamore St., near Telegraph
aye.; cottage of 6 rooms.
$1000—25x75; Twenty-fifth 6t., near Grove; cot-
tage of 4 rooms.
$500— 50-foot lot on Thirty-third St., near Mar-
Icet.
$100"') — 60-foot lot on West St., near Thirty-
fifth.
$Sf>0 — 50-foot lot on West et., near Thlrty-
third.
$1350 — 50-foot lot on Tenth aye.. East Oak-
land.
$375— You may grt a new modern house of 6
rooms for this amount; send for catalogue.
WILLIAM .1. DINGEE.
903 Broadway, Oakland: Mills Building, room
18, second lloor, San Francisco.
APPLY TO I. E BUNCE.
908 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SAFE INVESTMENTS.
11-room house; fine barn; near Xew York i
City; 160x160 feet; exchange for home In Oak-
land.
JSsoo— Large furniture store for sale or ex-
change for Oakland property.
Want offers for small homes from $1000 and I
up, both city and country.
Hotels and all kinds of business sold at auc- j
tion or private sale. Other good propositions.
FOR SALE— 2 small houses. North Oakland, 5
and 4 rooms: rented; lota 25x150 each; very
cheap at $2500. C. K. KINO, 901 Broadway,
Oakland.
FINE corner lot; Electric Heights Tract; 30x j
125; $2JO. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland. ;
54 VCRE9 near Haywards; house and barn;
$850; all land cultivated. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
e\ ACRES, small ranch; near Walnut Creek.
Contra Costa County; house, barn, tools,
horse, wagon: $1600. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
WAN.TED— Oakland house for 11 acres, Santa
Cruz; line home; air in fruit; elegant loca-
tion. C. X KING, 9ti2 Broadway, Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL Elmhurst, Oakland suburbs,
near Southern Pacific. 40 minutes from San >
Francisco, 15 minutes from Oakland; home
lots in sizes to Milt; 50x125 feet, with a new j
modern cottage, for $650; a beautiful surn-
ner home, $50 d..\vn. balance to suit pur-
chaser. Further particulars, address JACOB
HEVMAN & SON, 19 Montgomery St., city.
EXECUTOR'S Sale— Fine business corner loi
50x75' feet, in heart of Oakland, bet. Ninth and |
Fourteenth sts. ; within 2 blocks of Broadway; i
convenient to broad and narrow gauge trains !
nnd air street car lines: appraised at $4250; '■
will accept bid of $3000 and ask court to con-
lirni sale; a snap. Apply to B. McFADDEN,
Executor. 906 Broadway, Oakland.
$5 MONTHfcY rental for a -equipped
chicken ranch: plenty of Al water on the
place free; in Fruitvale, near 3 lines electric
cars end schoolhouse; climate and soil the
very best; perfect drainage; In fact, It is the
garden spot of Alameda County; will sell
this ranch for $750: If desired, payment as
rent: level lots in Westail Tract, large and
level, for $49 upward: $2 50 cash. $150 month-
■ly: call or F.end for circular. 455 Seventh at.,
Oakland: carriase free. H. Z. JOKES, owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. j
OAKUM) HKAL ESTATE.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
REAL ESTATE BROKER,
1058 BROADWAY. OAKLAND j
$1250— House of 6 rooms; lot 25x75; two blocks i
from Broadway. '
$1750 — Cozy new colonial cottage of 5 rooms, \
with modern plumbing; lot 52x147 feet; nice lo- j
cation, right on Telegraph aye.; electric cars j
In front; not far from trains; cement walks and
lawn.
$2000— $100 down; Just completed; cozy 6-room :
modern cottage; all complete, with lot 35x125
feet: vicinity Ot Piedmont; one block from cars;
monthly payments.
Cottage of 7 rooms; large lot; 127x115
feet; on the high ground in Eaet Oakland.
$2000— Business lot, 25x100 feet, between Broad-
way and Franklin street.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
Real Estate Broker,
105S Broadway, Oakland.
FOR Exchange— Fine improved and unimproved
residence property: well located: value $U>.(KX):
for vineyard of same value In Santa Clara ,
County. J B. JOHNSON, 972 Broadway, Oak- i
land.
$2700^2-STORY house of 9 rooms and bath; ]
modern improvements: lot 30x100; situate on.
Filbert Bt., near Tenth. W. P. RYAN, 960
Seventh st.. Oakland.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern improvements and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds aad walks; $200 I
oown balance same as rent. Field Realty ;
Co.. 1139 E 14th st.. nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland. ,
(.ROOM cottage, high basement; stable; |
nice large lot etc.: must sell; owner called
awlv Apply FIELD REALTY CO.. 1139 East
Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
BARGAIN— House. 63 Weston aye.. 7 rooms,
bath, toilet: lot 37x130; house and grounds In
good condition; reasonable; term* to suit; no
agentp. Owner o-n premises. _ !
OAKLAND FURNISH.ED HOUSES.
H \NDPOMELY furnished house, 6 rooms and
bath; best part of Oakland. 1330 Filbert st.
TO RENT furnlshPd— 6 rooms; modern; gas
and conl ranges; large lot: $25. Address 1463
Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FrR^ITCRE FOR SALES.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. l
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Ernest H. Gockeritz and F. K. Helzman.4l— 34
Francis A. Lyatt and Kthel Russell 24—20
M. V Pometta and Victoria C. Mello 31—1.
Daniel Casey and Lizzie Kelleher 3<«— 3u j
Alfred Denniscn and Eva E. Pierpont . .. 46—34 ,
Isaac Mensor and Lizzie Schwartz 34-23
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS."
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANDERSON— this city, July 20, 1539, to the
wife of Cornelius Anderson, a son.
ATHEY— In thjs city, July 22, 1?99, to the
wife of Frwin Athey, a daughter.
BROUGHAM— In this city, July 27, 1599. to the
wife of J. J. Brougham, a son.
BURMEISTER— this city, July 26, 1599, to
the wife of Fred H. Burmeister, a son.
CONDON In this city. July 25. 1899, to the
wife of John D. Condon Jr., a son.
CULLEN— In this city, July 24. 1899. to the j
wife to C. J. Cullen, a son.
FURNANZ— In this city. July 27, 1599, to the
wife of Joseph M. Furnanz, a snn.
GRADY- In this city. July 29, JS99, to the
wife of John J. Grady, a daughter.
HOLGERSEN— this city, July 14, 1899. to |
the wife of W. J. Holsersen, a son.
JONES— In this city, July 24, 1599, to the wife
of G. W. Jones, a son.
LEVY- In this city. July 25. 1899, to the wife
" of Lucien L. Levy, a daughter.
LOVELL In this city, July 26, 1699, to the
wife of C. W Lovell, a daughter.
MoCORMICK— In this city. July IS. 1599. to the
wife of John W. McCormick, a dauchter.
MILLER— In South San Francisco, July 19,
TS39. to the wife of Henry G. Miller, a daugh-
ter.
ROACH— this city. July S. 1899. to the wife
of Joseph Roach, a son.
BCHOUTEN— In this city, July 29, 1899. to the
wife of J. W. Schouten, a daughter.
SCHUMACHER— In this city. July 28, 1899. to
the wife of William Schumacher. B. daughter.
ELEVIN— In this city, July 27. 1599, to the
wife of Thomas B. Slevin, a son.
SMITH— In this city, July 2S, 1899, to the wife
of Captain E. O. Smith, a son.
TEMPLE— In this city. July 29, 1899, to the
wife of Herbert J. Temple, a daughter.
TINGMAN— In this city, July 12. 1599, to the I
wife of John 11. Tlngman, a daughter.
WAGNER— In South San Francisco, July 25,
1599, to the wife of Louis AVagner, a son.
MARRIED.
ARMSTRONG— O'HARA— In this city, July 16.
1599, by th* Rev. Father Collins, Andrew
Armstrong and Agrn^s O'Hara, both of this
city.
CAMERON— PEDEN— In this city, July 27.
• 1«S»9, hy Dr. Charles Edward Locke of Cen-
ti-Rl Methodist Church, Neil H. Cameron and
E<lle R. Peden, both of San Francisco.
DODSON— BCOBIE— this city. July 19.
1899, by >r. Charles Edward Locke of Cen-
tral Methodist Church, Dr. Coston Dodson
of San Francisco and. Bf-rtie X. Scoble of
Kirksville, Mo.
EWALD— PURCELL— In this city, July 27,
11(99, by the Rev. John Stephens, pastor of
Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal j
Church, Edward Ewald Jr. and Emily W. j
Pnrcell, both of San Francisco.
FRANCISCUS— COOK— this city, July 19,
'.-'.'. by Dr. Charles Edward Locke of. Cen-
tral Methodibt Church, George Franciscus
and Capltola Cook, both of Santa Rosa, Cal.
JOHNSON— PLAMBECK— In this city, July 19,
1599, by Dr. Charles Edward Locke of Cen-
tral Methodist Church, Charles I». Johnson
and Jeannette Plambeck, both of San Fran-
cisco.
NBWHALL— HALL— this city, July 19,
1899, by Dr. Charles Edward Locke <,f Cen-
tral Methodist Church. Fred S. Newhall of '
Redwood City, Cal., and Lauretta E. Hall
of San Carlos, Cal.
RIEDEMAN— In this city. July 15,
1839, by the Rev. J. G. Vogel, John Henry
Riedeman and Mls3 Katie Plate.
ROSE— BOOTH— In this city, July 15. 1899, by
lir Charles Edward Locke of Central Meth-
odist Church. Frank O. Rose of I'residlo,
Cal., and Albie L. Booth of San Francisco.
WEHR— MURPHY— In this city, July 22,
IR9B by Dr. Charles Edward Locke of Cen-
tral Methodist" Church. Fred H. Wehr and
Lillian F. Murphy, both of San Francisco.
WINGATE- BERRY— In this city, July 29, i
1599. at the First Presbyterian Church, Rev. j
Robert Eastman officiating, Charles B. Win-
gate and Grace Olive Berry-
DIED.
Anttlla. Alna Kelly, Margaret
Athey (infant) Lindsell, Frederick
Baaser, Ferdinand Martensteln. Jacob
lasco, Marie U. Mcßalth, James M.
Braunschwelger. Elise O'Leary, Cornelius
Cabantss, Luclle H. Palmer. Archie c.
Cavanagh, Emma F. Porter, Vincent
Cosgrove, Frank Proll, Rudolph R.
Dunn. Eleanor F. PulslNr, O. F.
Ktikllsli, Moureen M. Schneider. Nathan
Guerin, John Weber, Henry
Hansen, Harold C. Whiting, Manesseh S.
Hausmann, Helene Williamson. Martin
Hlxon, Arthur C. Young, Harry
Jones, Sadie
ANTTILA— in this city, July 29. .189!), Aina
Anttila, beloved sister of Mrs. Sophia Slmo-
la of Tolluride, (V.1., and cousin of Mrs..
' Maria Komola and Margaret Naattsen. a
native of Finland, aged 23 years and 21 days.
ATHEY— In this city, July 22. 1899, Infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Erwln Athey.
BAASER— In South San Francisco, July 2S,
IS&9, Ferdinand Baaser, beloved husband of
Sophie Baaser and father of Mrs. O. Mc-
Nulty, Mrs. \V. O'Brien and Charles. Ferdi- j
nand, AuguFt and Gustave Baaser, a na- ;
tlve of Frankfurt. Germany, aged 76 years
7 monthK and 17 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to Attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from All Hallows' Church, Six-
teenth and X streets. South San Francisco,
, where services will be held commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BAGNASCO— In this city. July 27. 1899, Marie
Ursola Bagnasco (nee Strago), beloved wife of
P. BasnaßCo, a native of Switzerland, aged
• 4S years.
C^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1118 Filbert street. Interment Italian
Cemetery. Ean Mateo County. Please omit
flowers.
BUArXSOHVVEIGER— this city. July 27.
1599, Ellse, beloved wif« of Herman Braun-
schweiger, mother of Edward. Herman and
Freda Braunschweiger and Mrs. R. W. Bach-
rach. and sister of Mrs. H. E. Wicker. Mrs.
J. Van Neill and D. Ropers, a native of
Stade. Germany, aged 53 years.
p?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late retsi-
tlENßY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successor* to Flanagan & Gallarhtr),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St., oppoatt* Lincoln ochnol.
Telephone South M.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, STJNDAT, JULY 30, 1899.
dence, 1600 McAllister street, corner of De-
vlsadero. thence to Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery,
where the remains will be cremated.
CABANISS— In this city, July 28, 1899, Lucile
Howelj dearly beloved daughter of George
II and Hattie H. Cabaniss. a native of Oak-
land Cal., aged 1 year 10 months and 25
days.
CAVANAGH— In this city, July 2S. 1599. Emma
S dear'.y beloved wife of Hugh J. Cava-
nagh and daughter of John and Emma Pres-
ton and sister of Mrs. H. J. Trowbridge and
Edward and Geonje Pre«ton, a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years and 22 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-nrst.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
COSGROVE— In this city, July 29. 1899. Frank
Cosgrove beloved son of the late John and
Man' Cosgrove, a native of Ballinagar Dron-
ahalr. County Leitrim, Ireland. aged 40
DUNN— In this city, July 28. 1599. Eleanor F.,
dearly beloved wife of George W. Dunn and
daughter of John and Mary Murphy and
olster of the late Mrs. Coughlan, Mrs. V.
Gavlgan and Katie Murphy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 9 months and 16
days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .this day
iSunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her father. John Murphy. 60 Sharon street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the r» pose ol her soul, commencing at 10:3U ;
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ENGLISH- In this city, July 2!>. ISO?. Moureen
Margaret, beloved daughter of Richard and
Margaret English and sister of Willie, John- I
nic George. Richard and Leo ETigllsh and j
niece of Mrs. J. Quinlan and William Pow- |
ers, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
months and 2* days.
C?" Friends and acquaintance)" are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
'Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents' ;
residence. 516 Central avenue, between Hayes
and Grove streets. Interment Holy Cross ;
Cemetery.
GI'ERIN— In this city, July 29, 1899, John.
husband of Kate Ouerin and father of John.
Mary, Thomas, James and Stephen Guerln,
a native of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 58
year?.
(IT* .Notice of funeral hereafter.
HAXSr.X— r>rowned at sea off Honolulu, June
SO 1599 Harold C. beloved son of Captain
J C and Charlotte E. Hannen (nee More-
beck), and brother of Undine A., Edna, Er-
win. Leslie and the late Lester Hansen, a
native rf San Francisco, aged 18 years 23
days.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend memorial services In
memory of our loved one this day (Sun-
day), at 3 o'clock, at the Second Congrega-
noYi.il church. Chase street. Oakland. Resi-
dence of parents, 1061 Willow street. West
Oakland.
HAUSMANN— In this city. July 29. 1599,
Helene Hausmann, relict of the late Fred-
erick Hausmann and beloved mother of Mrs.
Fred C. Winter? and Mrs. G. H. Bertram,
a native of Germany, aged ">3 years 9 months
and 12 days.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Theo. IMerks. 957 Mission
street.
HTXON— In this city, July 28, 1599. Arthur C.
Hlxon, n. native of San Francisco, aeed 27
years and 10 months.
try Funeral from his late residence. FlO6 Oak
street, this day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment private.
JOKES— In this city, July 27, 1599. Sadie, be-
toved wife of John 11. Jones, daughter of
V\" R. and the late Georgiana Galnes and
pister of Mrs. Katie de Silva, aged 24 years
4 months and V' days
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W. "Martin & <~^-. undertakers. lIS Geary
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, July 28, 1899, Margaret,
relict of Thomas W. Kelly and mother of
Thomas W. Keliy of Santa Cruz. Tobias J.
K»lly of San Francisco, John F. Kelly of
Xapa and Joseph M. Kelly of San Fran-
cisco and sister of Mrs X. Lynn, a native
of Ireland, need 50 years.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlor? of
J. C. O'Connor <X- Co., 7C7 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services at
2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LINDSELL— In this city. July 29, 1599, Fred-
erick beloved husband of Wilhelmine I.lnd-
•.••!! and father of Elizabeth Llndsell. a na-
tive of England, ag.-d 39 years 11 months and
27 days.
MARTEXSTEIX— At Ross Valley, Cal.. July
29 W9. Jacob, beloved husband of Mary
Martensteln, a native of Odernhelm, Crer-
many, ;ia-»>>l >' 5 year;- 1" months and 22 days.
C :-".\" ;i ■«■ .f funeral hereafter.
McRAITH Tn this city. July 29. 1899. James.
M , beloved son of Catherine and the late
John Mcßaith and brother of Sister Mary
Purboyre and Hannah and May Mcßaith. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2"> years 3
months and 1" day?.
O'LEARY— In Sausallto, Cal., July 2S. 1599,
Cornelius O'Leary, beloved husband of Mar-
garet O'Leary, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged ?>S years.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
■ Sunday). 11:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, thence to St. Mary's Church for serv-
lro«. Interment Sausalito.
PAI.MER— Drowned in Sacramento River. July
18, IW9, Archie E. Palmer, son of Mrs. A.
M Wing and brother of Mrs. George Wood-
bury. aged 29 years.
(C7"Funeral at the parlors of Porter &
White 122 Eddy street, this day (Sunday),
nt 1" o'clock. Friends are Invited. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PORTER— In this city, July 29, 1599. Vincent,
infant and beloved son of Joseph W. and
May Porter and brother of Rurton. Miriam
and Lorraine Porter, a native of San Fran-
Cisco aged 9 days.
PRI >1.1,— 1n this city. July 2S. 1599. Rudolph
Hi. 'hard Proll, beloved son of Elizabeth I'roll
;ir..l of the lute John I'roll and brother of Ida
and Emily Proll. a native of San Francisco,
acr-id 29 years 3 months and 23 dais.
C PFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his lale resi-
dence 1715 Jones street, between Broadway
and Vallejo. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
PTLSIFER— In Vallejo. Cal., July 29. 1899, O.
F.. beloved husband of Mary Hettle Pulsifer.
a native of Maine, aged 46 years and 11
months.
SCHNEIDER— In this city. July 27. 1899. Nt
his residence, 2114 Post street, Xathan, dear-
ly beloved husband of Rosa Schneider and
beloved father of Morris, Flora. Gustave.
i: salind, I 'avid. Seymour, Abe and Goorge
Schneider and brother of Mrs. M. Kaum. a
native of Ll.ssa. Germany, aged 08 .years and
21 days. (Chicago, 111., papers please copy.)
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:S0 o'clock, from B. B. Hall,
121 Eddy street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
nnd Townsend streets.
WEBER— In Oakland. Cal.. July 28. 1599. Henry,
bei >ved huaband of Katie Weber, brother of
Eugene and father of Joseph, Mary, Joße-
phlne. Julio. Henry, Francis, Aloysius, Hel-
en. Margaret. Ros>-. Katie and Pan] Weber,
a native of Alsace, Germany, aged 41 years
and 6 months.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services to-
morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at the Sacred
Heart Church, Fortieth and Grove streets.
Oakland, where a requiem high mass will be
crlebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ri!'-nt St. Mary's Cemetery.
WHITING — In this city, July 29, 1599, Manes-
seh S. Whiting, a native of Maine, aged 74
years 11 months and 1". days.
(T -~'F:i> nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth "street, near Market. Remains at the
parlors of the California I'ndertaklng Com-
pany, 4iC Powell street, corner of Post, until
Monday noon. Interment Masonic Cemet'-ry.
WILLIAMSON— In this city, July 23, 1899,
Martin Williamson, father of Mrs. X. E.
Jordan and the late Dudley Williamson,
aged 70 yenrs.
TOUNG— In this city, July 28. 1899, Harry, be-
loved Hon of Charley and Kathertne Young,
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 months
and 2S days.
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to express our grateful thanks to
all friends and acquaintances and to the of-
ficers and members of Vereln Elntracht who
attended the funeral of our late beloved son
and brntlier, Edward X. Schmitt.
The mourning relatives:
MRS. MARY C. SCHMITT. Mother.
MRS. L. KUEHN, Sister.
f'HAHI.KS O. SCHMITT, Brother.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, July 29.— Since the last series of
wool auction sales a few bales of Queensland
were sold at slightly higher rates, otherwise
the market is quiet. The arrivals to date for
the coming series, which will open on Sep-
tember 19, aggregate 1G8.341 bales, of which 21,.
156 bales were forwarded direct.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 29— To-day's state-
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $279,324,163; gold re-
serve, J244.919.6&6.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., July 19.— Clearings, 1161,-
-149; balances. |43,754.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., July 29— Wheat, dull;
Walla Walla. 58c: Valley, 59c: Bluestem. 59c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., July 29.— The week closed
with wheat dull and unchanged, prices re-
maining at 56c for Club, 59c for Bluestem.
Excurßion to San Francisco.
MAHYSVILLE, July 29.— T0 attend the
Turners' festival in San Francisco two
hundred excursionists left this point for
the metropolis this morning. Most of the
party will remain five days, that being the
limit of the cheap rate ticket issued by
the railroad company.
"GOVERNMENT BY ONE POWER"
Samoan Commissioners' Recommendation
Continued Prom Eleventh Page.
ing that they migrht in some way increase
their trade or provide places for their
office-seekers to fill.
The statement so often made of the
great preponderance of British interests
is almost laughable.
There is not in Samoa a British business
house paying better than a third-class li
cense. Britishers import less than 5 per
cent of the goods entering the port, and
export nothing at all. They pay less than
6 per cent of the licenses and other taxes
collectible.
If Chinese hailing from Hongkong. East
and West Indians of mixed breeds, and
half-caste children, were to be excluded i
the numbers of so-called Britishers would !
be seriously reduced.
Ninety per cent of the trade of Samoa is I
carried on by (Germans and Americans.
the balance by Scandinavians, Frenchmen '
and Britons in the order named. A point
is made of the fact that a large proportion
of the imports comes from British colo- |
nies. But it is a well-known fact that j
goods from Germany and other European
points coming over the Sydney routes are
Figured up in their returns as British or
Colonial manufactures, and not properly
accredited to the countries producing
them. Further than that, but for the i
very high freights and infrequent commu- I
nioation with the United States a very ;
large proportion of this trade would come [
from San Francisco. As the Spreckelses j
are now designing a fortnightly service in *■
the near future, and the use of more com
modious steamers, no reasons should ex
ist why the present high freight rates
should longer continue to the general det
riment of American trade.
It is thought that the commission will
be ready to leave here by the 20th lnst. j
Before leaving it is hoped they will settle
matters on some better basis than the |
provisional arrangement so ineffective at j
present.
As a good number of whites (every one
of them disappointed British colonials) are
loudly talking of the native troubles
which will quickly follow the departure
of the commission, it looks to the writer I
as if some understanding has been ar- j
DRAFT OF THE
AMENDED TREATY
ARTICLE I.
! A DECLARATION RESPECTING TH
NEUTRALITY OF THE ISLAND
OF SAMOA AND ASSURING T
THE RESPECTIVE CITIZENS AN
SUBJECTS OF THE SIGNATOR
POWERS EQUALITY OF RIGHT
IN SAID ISLANDS AND PROVID
ING FOR THE IMMEDIATE RE
TORATION OF PEACE AND GOO
ORDER THEREIN.
It is declared that the Islands of Samo
are neutral territory in which the cli
zens and subjects of the three slgnator
: powers hav^ equal rights of resldenc
trade and personal protection. None o
the powers shall exercise any separa
control over the islands or the governme
' thereof.
It is further declared with the view
the permanent restoration of peace an
i good order in the said islands, and
view of the difficulties which have alwa>
attended the selection of a king and t
maintenance of his authority against the
frequent rebellions incited by the rival
chiefs that the office and title of king is
and forever shall be abolished in bamoa.
and that the authority of chiefs therein
shall hereafter be limited to the district
In which it may be recognized as herein
after provided.
ARTICLE 11.
A DECLARATION RESPECTING THK
MODIFICATION OF EXISTING
TREATIES.
Considering that the following provi
sions of this general act cannot be fully
effective without a modification of certain
provisions of the treaties heretofore ex
isting between the three powers, respec
i tivelv and the government of Samoa, it is
mutually declared that in every case
where the provisions of this act shall be
Inconsistent with any provisions of such
treaty or treaties the provisions or tnis
act shall prevail.
ARTICLE IIL
' A DECLARATION AS TO THE EXEC
UTIVE POWERS.
The executive powers shall be vested in
. an Administrator of Samoa, who shall be
■ appointed by the three signatory powers
■■ in common accord, or failing their agree
: ment by the King of Sweden and Norway.
He shall receive an annual salarj ot WM*>
(Six thousand dollars) in gold or its equiv
alent, to be paid out of the revenues of
the Samoan government. Any deflciencj
therein shall be made good by the three
P< The Administrator shall execute all laws
in force in the Islands of Samoa. He
shall have power to grant reprieves and
nardo w for offenses against the govern
ment of Samoa. He shall have power by
and with the consent and advice of the
Executive Council to appoint all officers
1 whose appointment is not herein other
: wise provided for. He shall have power
■■ to fill all vacancies in office temporarily
< and until appointments to such offices
shall have been regularly made, and to
designate persons to act in place of offl
; "era temporarily absent from Samoa.
It shall be the duty of the Administra
-1 tor by and with the consent of the Exec
utive " Council, to divide the islands of
Sajnoa outside of the municipal district
of 4.pia into a suitable number of dis
: tricts, which may from time to time be
1 increased in size and number, as deemed
advisable, and upon the nomination of
th- natives in each district to appoint a
Governor, who shall be charged with th«
' collection of all taxes and with the main
ti-nance of peace and good order within
his district.
The local government of such districts
shall be left, bo far as may be, to be
administered by the natives themselves,
i in accordance with the laws and customs
of Samoa.
ARTICLE IV.
A DECLARATION AS TO LEGISLA
TIVE POWERS.
1 The legislative power shall be vested
In the Administrator and Legislative
Council The Council shall consist or
three members, one of whom shall be ap
j pointed by the United States, one by the
! empire of Germany and one by the United
1 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
The Administrator and Council shall
constitute a legislative body, of which the
Administrator shall be the President. He
shall have a voice in considering and a
vote in determining all questions that may
come before it.
Three of the four members composing
the legislative body shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of business.
Provided, however, that no law shall be
enacted and that no rule or regulation
having the force of law shall be made
without the concurrence of at least three
members in open session. __ '
The legislative power of the Adminis
trator and Council shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation, and in
particular they shall have power to levy
and collect such taxes, duties, imposts
and excises "as may be necessary for the
public revenues, and for this purpose they
shall have power to change and modify
the taxes, duties, imposts and excises pro
vided for in this act.
They shall have power to establish post
offices, post roads and a uniform postal
system. They shall have power to es
tablish municipal and district govern
ments and to limit and define their
powers.
But the throe great powers reserve to
themselves at all times the right and
power to modify or annul any legislative
act of the Samoan government.
2. The members of the Legislative Coun
cil shall also constitute an Executive
Council, which shall from time to time
counsel and advise the Administrator in
his executive capacity as may be required.
The members of the Legislative and Ex
ecutive councils shall also, when desig
nated by the Administrator, act in the
capacity of Assessor and Collector of Cus
toms and Revenues; Treasurer. Attorney
General and such other executive officers
of the Government as may be provided
for.
They may also, if required, act in the
capacity of consuls or consular agents
of their respective governments. .
3. There shall be a Native Assembly
composed of the Governors of the differ
ent districts of the islands. The mem
bers of the Native Assembly shall hold
their office for three years, but the Ad
ministrator shall have power to dismiss
any of them for misbehavior. The Na
tive Assembly shall meet annually at Mu
llnuu at such time as may be designated
by the Administrator, but such session
rived at to encourage the dissatisfied
Tanu people to revolt at an early date in
the hope of invoking: British interference
in some form or other.
Last evening John George Leigh of the
London Times, who has made this Samoan
trouble a close study, felt it his duty to
point out to the British Commissioner that
It would be most inexpedient for him to
leave Samoa until he had very solemnly
warned his disgruntled nationals that in
case they, or any one of them, fomented
trouble after the departure of the com
mission heavy punishments would follow.
The German and American Commis
sioners have worked together in great
harmony since their arrival, but the Brit
ish Commissioner, who had the idea that
his country should take over the group,
peems to be a very disappointed man. The
understanding that Chambers' decision in
the lute kingship case "should be consid
ered as valid and binding" was rendered
because the Berlin general act left m>
other resource but this. This by no means
meant that that decision, which was au
mittedly wrong, should ever be enforced.
Tanu was at once retired ■without recom
pense or notice and very nearly exiled.
An abortive attempt was made by a few
Britishers to get up some sort of a good
by demonstration in honor of Mr. Cham
bers, but for lack of suocort it fell
through. I have not heard of a single
American who took any part in this move
ment.
Satisfactory progress has been made by
the Healy-Tibbitts Company at Pago
Pago, and it is likely that the Cardigan
Castle has already left that harbor, as
when last heard of some few days ago her
cargo was practically discharged.
A very heavy copra crop has been pro
duced this year and business Is corre
spondingly much improved.
I'nder the new government it is hoped
that the acquirement of lands by for
eigners from native owners will not be as
entirely barred as under the Berlin gen
eral *act. Still much good property is still
for sale at reasonably low rates and on
fair terms. The general health is, as usual,
excellent.
shall not continue for a longer time than
thirty days in any one year, except for
reasons approved by the Administrator.
The Native Assembly shall be presided
over by the Chief Justice or some other
white official designated by the Admin
istrator, but the president so designated
shall not have a vote, and Ills functions
shall be merely to control and direct the
proceedings of the Assembly with a view
to the dispatch of business. The Native
Assembly shall be empowered to deal with
the organization of district government,
Including native courts and generally
with all questions which affect natives
only. Its resolutions and recommenda
tions shall be referred to the Adminis
trator and Legislative Council, who shall
approve, disapprove or return them with
•such modifications as they may deem
proper. Provided always that no reso
lution or other action of the Native As
sembly shall have any binding force or
effect until the same shall have been ap
proved by the Administrator and Legis
lative Council.
ARTICLE V.
A DECLARATION RKSPEi 'TING THE
ESTABLISHMENT OF A SUPREME
COTRT OF JTSTICE FOR SAMOA
AND DEFININO ITS JURISDIC
TION.
Section 1. A Supreme Court shall be es
tablished in Samoa to consist of one
Judge, who shall appoint a clerk and all
nec< ssaxy officers oi the court; and record
shall be kept of all orders and decisions
made by the court, or by the Chief Jus
tic- in "the discharge of any duties im
posed on him under this act. The clerk
and other officers shall be allowed reas
onable fees, to be regulated by order of
the court.
Sec. 2. With a view to secure judicial
independence and the equal consideration
of the rights of all parties, irrespective
of nationality, it is agreed that the Chief
Justice shall be appointed by the three
signatory powers in common accord; or,
failing their agreement, he may be ap
pointed by the King of Sweden and Nor
way. He shall be learned in law and
equity, of mature years and of good re
put.- "for his sense of honor, impartiality
and' justice.
His decision upon questions within his
jurisdiction shall be linal. The three pow
ers, however, reserve to themselves the
right to modify or annul decisions of the
Supreme Court involving any question of
a political or administrative character or
principle of international law. lie shall
receive an annual salary of flve thousand
dollars <$.">oooi In gold, or its equivalent,
to be paid out of the revenues of the Sa
moan Government. Any deficiency there
in shall be made good by the three sig
natory powers, in equal shares.
The" powxTj of the Chief Justice in case
of a vacancy of that office from uny
cause and during aiy temporary absence
of the Chief Justice from the islands of
Samoa shall be exercised by such person
as may be defcignattd by the Administra
si-c. 3. In case either of the four Gov
ernments shall at any t'me have cause
of complaint against the Chief Justice
for any misconduct in office, such com
plaint shall be presented to the authority
which nominated him, and if in the iudg
mtnt cf such authority there is sufficient
cause for his removal he .-'hall be re
moved. If the majority of the thr?o
treaty powers so requests he shall be
removed. In either case of removal or
in cas2 the office shall become otherwise
vacant his successor shall be appointed
as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 4. The Chief Justice is authorized
at his own discretion and upon the written
request of either party litigant to appoint
assessors or jurors not exceeding three in
number nor of the nationality of cither
party to hear and determine any issue of
fact "arising in the case.
Sec. 5. In case any difference shall arise
between either or any of the treaty pow
ers and Samoa which they shall fall to
adjust by mutual accord, such difference
shall not be held cause for war, but shall
be referred for adjustment on the prin
ciples of justice and equity to the Chief
Justice of Samoa, who shall make his de
cision thereon In writing.
See. i«. The Chief Justice mny recom
mend to the Government of Samoa the
passage of any law which he shall con
sider .Hist and expedient for the preven
tion nrd punishment of crime and for the
promotion of Rood order In Samoa and the
welfare of the same.
Sec. 7. The Supreme Court shall have
original and final .jurisdiction of: <l> All
questions arising un ler the provisions of
this amended general act; (2) all civil
suits concerning real property '<ituated
In Samoa and all n?htp affecting the
same: (3) all civil raits of any kind be
tween natives and foreigr.er 1 ? irrespective
of their nationality: (4> all crimes and of
fense? committed by natives against for
eigners, by foreigners against natives or
by foreigners against ench other irre
spective of nationality, except violations
of municipal ordinances and regulations
of which the murielpal magistrate is
given jurisdiction: (5t of all felonies com
mitted by natives against each other: ($)
the Supreme Court shall have appellate
jurisdiction over all municipal magistrates
and municipal courts in civil cases where
the nmount of the judgment rendered ex
ceeds ?10 and in criminal cased where th«
fine exceeds $20 or the imprisonment of
ten days.
Sec. 8. The practice and procedure of
Common Law. Eoulty and Admiralty as
administered In the courts of England
mnv be. so far as applicable, the practice
and procedure of this court: but the court
may modify such practice and procedure
from time to time as shall be required by
local circumstances. Until otherwise pro
vided by law the court shall have author
ity to impose, according to the crime, the
f>unlshment established therefor by tho
aws of the United States, of England or
of Germany, as the Chief Justice shall
decide moKt appropriate; or. in the case
of native Samoans and other natives of
the South Sea Islands, according to the
laws and customs ofr Samoa.
Sec. fl. Nothing in this article shall he
so construed as to affect existing Consular
jurisdiction over all questions arising
between masters and seamen of their re
spective national vessels, nor shall the
court take any ex post facto or retroact
ive jurisdiction over crimes or offenses
committed prior to the organization of the
court. The Supreme Court shall have
power to issue writs of lnjuncture, attach
ments, mandamus and other remedial
writs known to the common law. The
writ of habeas corpus shall not be sus
pended except In time of actual war.
Sec. 1". The Legislative Council shall
have power to create and provide such
other and inferior .courts, and judicial I
tribunals in Samoa as from time to time
may be found necessary and proper,..pro
vided that the jurisdiction of the court* -
and judicial tribunals so created shall not j
extend to civil cases involving an amount i
or property exceeding in value $50, nor to I
criminal cases where the penalty exceeds
a fine of two hundred dollars ($200) or im- '
prisonment for a longer term than 180 :
days. 11. The Chief Justice shall hold the
Sec. 11. The Chief Justice shall hold the
terms of the Supreme Court in Apia and I
at such other places in the islands of Sa
moa as in his discretion may be necessary
and proper. ARTICLE —
A DECLARATION RESPECTING TI
TLES TO LAND IN SAMOA AND .
RESTRAINING- THE DISPOSITION j
THEREOF BY NATIVES: AND PRO- |
VIDING FOR THE REGISTRATION j
OF VALID TITLES. ;/; v
Section 1. In order that the native Sa
moans may keep their lands for cultiva
tion by themselves and by their children
after them, it is declared that all future
alienation of lands in the Islands of Sa
moa to the citizens or subject of any for
eign country, whether by sale, mortgage
or otherwise, shall be prohibited, subject
to the following exceptions: ■
(a) Town lots and lands within the lim
its of the municipal district "denned In
this act may be sold or leased by tne
owner* for a just consideration whe,i , ap
proved in writing by the Chief Justice or
such lease is approved in writing b> the
chief executive authority of Samoa and t>y
the Chief Justice. But care should be
taken that Ihi 'agricultural lands and nat
ural fruit lands of Samoans shall not be
Un Sec! y 2 di The lS c h o e urt shall make proven
for a complete registry of all valid titles
to land in the islands of Samoa which are
or may be owned by foreigners or natl\ es.
Sec. 3. All lands acquired before 'the : 2Sth
day of August. lS7*-being the date of the
Anglo-Samoan treaty- shall be held «
validly acquired, but without Pr^udiceto
rights of third parties if purchased from
Samoans in good faith for a valuable con
sideration in a regular and customarj
manner Any dispute as to the fact or
™gu?arity of such sale shall be examined
and determined by the court.
ARTICLE VII.
MUNICIPAL DISTRICT OF APIA.
Section 1. The northern boundary ex
tends along the coast from \ ailoa to the
mouth of the river Fuluasou; the south
ern boundary is the old-established and
well-known Alafaalava running from the (
river Fuluasou through Apainalo to the j
Vaisigano River; the western boundary is
the course of the river Fuluasou from the
point wher the said Alafaalava cuts into
the sea; the eastern boundary runs in a
straight line from the int where the |
said Alafaalava cuts the river Vaisigano
°The 1 municipal district shall, also em
brace the waters of the harbor of Apia
Sec 2 "Within the aforesaid district
shall be established a Municipal Council,
consisting of six members and a Mayor,
who shall preside at all meetings of the
Council, and who shall, in case of an
equal division, have a casting vote. The
Mayor shall be appointed by the Munici
pal Council, with the approval of the Ad
ministrator. In caee the Municipal Coun
cil shall be unable to come to an agree
ment they shall submit to the Admints
trator the of the candidates whom
they recommend for the office of Mayor,
and the Administrator shall choose the
Mayor from among them. .... _._
The Mayor and Councilors shall be res
idents of the said district and owners of j
real estate, or conductors of a profession
or business in said district which te sub
ject to a rate of tax not less in amount
th #or s fhrp r urp n o n s U ce m o-f the election of mem
bers of the Council the said district shall
be divided into three electoral districts
from each of which an equal number of
Councilor" shall be elected by the tax
navers thereof, qualified as aforesaid, and
the members elected from each electoral
district shall have resided therein for at
least stx months prior to their election,
it shal be the duty of the Administrator
to 'make the said division into electoral
districts as soon as practicable.
Subsequent changes in the number of
Councilors or the number and location
of electoral districts may be provided for
by municipal ordinance subject to refer
enceto the Administrator as hereinafter
P1 Tne d Mayor shall hold his office for one
year and' until his successor shall be
el d n v d n C fl fhall hold their office
In the absence of the Mayor the Coun
cil may elect a chairman pro ternpore.
Consular officers shall not be eligible as
Councilors or Mayor, nor shall Council
ors or Mayor exercise any Consular func
tions during their term of office.
Each member of the Municipal Council,
including the Mayor, shall before entering
upon functions make and subscribe be
fore the Chief Justice an oath or affirma
tion that he will well and faithfully per
form the duties of his office.
Sec 3 The Municipal Council shall
have ■jurisdiction over the municipal dis
trict of Apia so far as necessary to en
force therein the provisions of this act I
which are applicable to the said district
Including the nomination of a Municipal
Magistrate who shall be appointed in the
'same manner as the Mayor, and of the
necessary subordinate officers of justice
and administration therein; and to pro
vide for the security in said district of
person and property; and to assess sucn j
municipal rates and taxes as they ma>
agree upon; and to provide propet fines
and penalties for the violation of the laws
and ordinances which shall be n force
in said district and not in conflict with
this act, including sanitary and police I
Thev ti shail establish pilot charges, port
dues quarantine and other regulations of
the port of Apia. They shall also fix the
salary of the Municipal Magistrate and
establish the fees and charges allowed to j
other municipal officers of the district. ,
All ordinances, resolutions and regula- |
tions shall be referred by the Municipal i
Coun-il to the Administrator, who shall
express his consent or disapproval or sug
gest amendments. Provided always that
no ordinances, resolutions and regulations
passed by this Council shall become law
before receiving the approval of the Ad
mStra 4 tOr The Municipal Magistrate
shall have exclusive jurisdiction in the I
first Instance over all persons. irrespec- ,
tive of nationality, in case of infraction !
of any laws, ordinance or regulation
passed" by the Municipal Council, in ac- :
cordance with the provisions of this act, ]
provided that the penalty does not exceed
a fine of two hundred dollars ($200) or im
prisonment for a longer term than ISO j
days with or without hard labor. The |
Municipal Magistrate shall also have jur- j
isdiction within the municipality of Apia
in all civil suits not affecting the right of I
real property between natives and for- '
elgners or between foreigners, irrespective* !
at nationality, where the value of the
property or the amount Involved does not '
exceed the sum of lifty dollars (SSO).
Sec 5. The Mayor shall -superintend the i
harbor and quarantine regulations, and
shall be in charge of the administration \
of the laws and ordinances applicable to '
the municipal district of Apia.
Sec. 6. The Administrator and Council '
shall fix an annual sum to be paid oui of
the revenues of the island to the Municipal
Council for the expenses of the municipal
government and the execution of public .
works.
ARTICI/E VIII.
A DECLARATION RESPECTING TAX- |
ATION AND REVENUE IN SAMOA.
Section 1. The port of Apia shall be the i
poit of entry for all dutiaole goods arriv
ing in the.Samoan Islands: and all for
eign goods, wares and merchandise land- ;
ed on the islands shall be there entered
for examination: but coal and naval I
stores which either Government has by
treaty reserved the right to land at any
harbor stipulated for that purpose are not :
dutiable when imported as authorized by
such treaty, and may be there landed a's
stipulated without such entry or exam
ination..
Sec. 2. To enable the Samoan Govern
ment to obtain the necessary revenue lor
the maintenance of government and good '
order in the islands the following dutica. |
taxes and charge* may be levied ami col
lected- without prejudice to the right of !
the native Government to levy and collect i
other taxes In its discretion upon th> na
tives of the islands and their property,
and with the consent of the Consuls of the
signatory powers upon all property out- I
side the municipal district, provided such !
tnx shall bear uniformly ,upon the same
class of property, whether owned by na
tives or foreigners:-
A— IMPORT DUTIES.
1. On ale and porter and beer, per dozen
quarts, 50 cents. ■■■• ■ '.-0 ..-,. --.- -,..";■.-
2. On spirits, per gallon, $2 0.
3. On wine, except sparkling, per gal
lon, $1. •
4. On sparkling wir.es, per gallon. $1 50.
5. On tobacco, per pound. 50 cents.
6. On cigars .per pound, $1.
7. On sporting arms, each, $4.
8. On gunpowder, per pound. 25 cents.
9. Statistical duty on all merchandise
and goods imported, except as aforesaid, !
ad valorem 2 per cent. • I
B— EXPORT DUTIES.
On copra, ad valorem 2Vz per cent.
On coffee, ad valorem 2 per cent,
tin cotton, ad valorem 1% per cent.
2— TAXES TO BE ANNUALLY LEVIED.
1. Capitation tax en Samoans and other
Pacific Islanders over the age of IS and
under the age of 4," years, not included
under No. 2. per head $2.
2. Capitation tax on colored plantation
laborers other than Sam«>ans, per head it.
3. On boats, trading and others (exclud
ing native canoes and native boats carry
ing only the owner's property), each $J.
4. On firearms, each $2.
:>. On dwelling houses mot including the
dwelling houses of Samoan natives) and
on land and houses used for commercial
purposes, ad valorem 1 per cent.
t>. Special taxes on traders as follows.
CLASS I.
On stores of which the monthly sales
are $2000 or more, each store $100.
CLASS 11.
Below $2000 and not less than $1000. $13.
CLASS 111.
Below $1000 and not less than $500, $36.
CLASS IV.
Below $500 and not less than $250, $2i.
CLASS V.
Below $250. $12.
D— OCCASIONAL TAXES.
1. On trading vessels not exceeding; 100
tons burden, calling at Apia, each call $10.
-. Upon deeds of real estate, to be paid
before registration thereof can be mads,
and without payment of which title shall
not be held v;ilid, upon the vaiue of the
consideration paid \ 2 per cent.
3. Upon other written transfers of prop
erty, upon the polling .price 1 ncr cent.
Evidence of the payment of the last two
taxes may be shown by lawful stamps
affixed to the title paper or otherwise by
the written receipt of the proper tax col
lector.
4. Unlicensed butchers in Apia shall pay
upon their sales 1 per cent.
E— LICENSE TAXES.
No person shall engage as proprietor or
manager In any of the following profes
sions or occupations except after having
obtained a license therefor, and for such
license the following tax shall be paid In
advance.
Tavern keeper $10 per month
Attorney, barrister or solic
itor $10 per annum
Doctor of medicine or den
tistry $30 per annum
Auctioneer or commission
agent $40 per annum
Baker $12 per annum
Banks or companies for
banking $60 per annum
Barber $6 per annum
Blacksmith $5 per annum
Boat builder $fi per annum
Butcher $12 per annum
Cargo boat or lighter $fi per annum
Carpenter $6 per annum
Photographer or artist $12 per annum
Engineer $12 per annum
Engineer assistants $6 per annum
Engineer apprentices $3 per annum
Hawker $1 per annum
Pilot $24 per annum
Printing press $12 per annum
Sailmaker $H per annum
Shipbuilder $6 per annum
Shoemaker $H per annum
Land surveyor $6 per annum
Tailor $6 per annum
Waterman $6 per annum
Salesmen, bookkeepers and
clerks paid less than $75 a
month $3 per annum
Same when paid $75 a month $6 per annum
"White laborers and domes
tics, per head $5 per annum
Factory hands and inde
pendent workmen $5 per annum.
Sec. 3. Of the revenues paid into tha
Treasury the proceeds of the Samoan cap
itation tax, of the license taxes paid by
nntive Samoans, and of all other taxes*
which may be collected without the muni
cipal district, shall be for the use of and
paid out upon the order of the Samoan.
Government. The proceeds of the othvr
taxes which are collected in the munici
pal district exclusively shall be held for
the use -*nd paid out upon the order of the
Municipal Council to meet the expenses of
the municipal administration as provided
by this act.
Sec. 4. It is understood that "dollars"
and "cents." terms of money used in this
act. describe the standard money of tha
United States of America or its equivalent
in other currencies.
ARTICLE IX.
IMPORTATION OF ARMS AND AMMU
NITION.
The importation into the islands of Sa
moa of arms and ammunition by the na
tives of Samoa, or by the citizens and
subjects of any foreign country, is pro
hibited, except in the following cases:
(a) Guns and ammunition for sporting
purposes, for which written license shall
have been previously obtained from the
Administrator.
<bt Small arms and ammunition carried
by travelers as personal appanage.
The supply of arms and ammunition by
any foreigner to any native Samoan sub
ject or other Pacific islander resident in
Samoa is prohibited.
The penalty of so supplying arms shall
be a fine not exceeding five hundred
pounds (£500). or a term of imprisonment
not exceeding two years, or both, in the
discretion of the court: and the arms
shall be confiscated. Half the fine shall
go to the informer.
Any native found in the possession of
arms or ammunition other than such as
are used for sporting purposes shall be
liable to a fine not exceeding fifty pounds
(£SO) and a term of imprisonment not ex
ceeding six months, or both, in the dis
cretion of the court; and the arms shall
be confiscated. Halt" of the fine shall go
to the informer.
The Samoan Government retains the
riKht to import fr"e of duty suitable arms
and ammunition to protect itself and
maintain order.
All arms without exception coming into
Samoa shall be entered at the customs
and marked there with a stamp and the
possession by any Samoan or foreigner
of any arms not so stamped shall be
prima facie evidence that such arms were
imported in violation of law.
The three governments reserve to them
selves the future consideration of the fur
ther restrictions which it may be neces
sary to impose upon the importation and
use of arms in Samoa.
Sec. 2. No spirituous, vinous or fer
mented liquors or intoxicating drinks
whatever shall be sold, given or offered
to any Samoan or South Sea Islander res
ident in Samoa, to be taken as a bever-
age.
Adequate penalties, including imprison
ment, for the violation of the provisions
of this article shall be established by the
Administrator and Council.
GENERAL CUSTOMS REGULATIONS.
Sec. 3. It is hereby provided that no per
son or persons in Samoa shall enjoy any
immunity from a strict examination by
th<> customs of all articles imported. AH
goods shall be landed at the receiving
sheds of the customs. The Administrator
and Council are authorized to enact laws
and ordinances providing for custom
house regulations, with suitable penalties
for breach of the same.
AUTTCLE X.
The provisions of this act shall con
tinue in force until changed by consent
of the three powers. Upon the request
of either power after tnree years from
the signature hereof the powers shall con
sider by common accord what ameliora
tion if "any may be introduced into the
provisions" of this general act. In the
meantime any special amendment may be
adopted by the consent of the three pow
ers with the adherence of Samoa. Pro
vided however that no amendment of
aw section Particle of this, general act
shall In any way affect private rights
Acquired under such section or article
prior to such amendment.
Ancient Order of Hibernians.
The county board of directors of tha
Ancient Order of Hibernians in America
has elected officers for the current year:
Peter J McCormick. president: J. J. Don
ohue vice president: P. J. Kelleher. finan
cial secretary: John P. Henry, treasurer.
The committee on extension is preparing
to organize several new divisions, and it
is doing good work in the upbuilding of
existing divisions that are not numer
iCDlv\slon« n f2 and 14 will be officially vis
ual at Hlbernia Hall, on Ninth street, on
the second Friday in^ August.
"Yank" Savage as a Vagrant.
W. E. Savage, a lightweight pugilist,
known in the prize ring as "Yank" Sav
age appeared in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday on a charge of vagrancy, lie
"was arrested Friday night by Policemen
Burke. Riordan and Murphy, who testi
fied that he did not v.-ork for a living,
but was constantly In the company of
dissolute women. Savage told the Judge
that he was physically unable to work.
The Judge will render his decision to
morrow.
An Educator Will Speak.
Mrs. Fannie M. Coppin of Philadelphia,
principal of the Girls' High School of that
city, will deliver an address in Bethel A.
M E. Church, Powell street near Jack
son, 'his evening at 8 o'clock. Mrs. Cop
pin is one of the leading educators of her
race, she having been principal of the
Girls' High School In Philadelphia for
thirty-three years. As a speaker che is
■worthy of the attention of an American
audience.COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Brink clearings >how the usual gain.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat more unsettled.
Barley futures off.
>ats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay still depressed.
Feedstuffs stand the same.
Beans and Seeds quiet.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Vegetables in heavy supply.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
BaftJett Pears firmer again. t
Peaches still choke the market.
Dri«"l Apricots very firm.
Poultry dull and plentiful.
Cottolene advanced.
Hams very rtrm.
Hogs iree and wanted.
NEW YORK rmiun FRUIT MARKET.
The New York Commercial says
"There is n firm feeling in the market, but
ncessions In prices, buy
ers are equally a nt in refusing to
: • -ult is a slow market,
With demand limited to actual consumptive re
•.t I I] ate better condi
ti a few weeks, and Inquiry increases ac
re quiet and little more was heard
Good sales have
been made at fair prices for future delivery, but
the details of the trans
- known, no further s,il<-s have
made, but inquiry is increasing, and an
market is expected. There i« ;i steady
I and holder? say that though
md are heavy, the present rat,'
nf consumption will about clean up what there
•• any considerable quantity
-. es.
"Apricots are quoted firmer, and tlie recent
reports of a much shorter crop than was at
first irted aye had a tendency to Increase
prices. Notwithstanding previous liberal estl
mates, it appears from lato mall advices, as- ,
fuming them to he reasonably correct that the t
output will be hut little larger than last year.
Prices are now 9% to 10 tits on the coast,
asked, hat 1* actually paid Is another matter.
All trading and prices are matters of negotla- ,
tion, and probably \v;'. ! be for some tim* yet.
"Peaches may open lncli^r than has been re
ported probable. California people say there
will not be such a world of peaches as thought. '
Offlctal reports -ay that the >-ield will scarcely
be three-fouri of a full crop, and may fall a? i
I>w as two-thirds. Canners have taken large j
quantities and driers have had to move lively j
in some sections to get what they want for ,
■ '.rying. Prices, Will, It is said, range higher
than was expected, though perhaps not as high j
as some years previous."
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The Moana brought up from Sydney $48«,860
In sovereigns, making $9.26<l 77 on this account
tr .- far this year and $47,«:?;,952 since the lm-
rta bt-sran In Aueust. 1597.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $19,926.
--326, against $14,054,985 for the same week last
year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 29—5 p. Sn.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 62 San Diego 70 >
Fresno 91 Sacramento SO :
Los Aneeles 80 Indei endence 94
Red Bluff 30 Vuma 100
San Luis Oblspo ... 72
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 52; mean, f.is.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather pir< vails along the coast |
from Cape Mendocino northward and over the j
Ricky Mountain region. Elsewhere on the •
Pacific Slope fair weather nrevails. Bhowers
nnd thunderstorms have occurred throughout j
the Rocky Mountain region and in Arizona.
The pressure has riser, rapidly over the Pa
cliic Slore and fallen over the Rocky Moun
tains. - . . - - . -
The terr,peratur° has fallen decidedly ovei
the western portions of Washington and Ore
gon and risen over Northern Utah.
Conditions are favorable for fair, warmer
weather in California Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending Inight July 30, 1599:
Northern California— Fair Sunday; warmer;
light to fresh northwest wind.
Southern alif^rnia— Fair Sunday; fresh ;
northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday; cooler in northeast
portion.
Utah— Cloudy, . with showers to-night and
Sunday; cooler Sunday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Sunday, with thun
lerstoi
fi nn Francisco and vicinity— Fair. warmer
Bunda] fresh northwest : -;'
I-^cal Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS. *
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YOTIK. July 29.— The stock mar; for j
to-day's short session was strong. A large I
volume of realizing was well digested by rea- j
son of an Increased demand. Commission
houses and the market stood up well under a \
bank statement that was unexpectedly weak, ]
the majority of stocks showing net sali; when I
trading was over for the day. London contin- ;
ued to buy- storks her* with eonsiderabl< con- i
ndence and this was the prime factor in the j
pentng ri=e ard In the further decline In ster- ;
linfr exchange rai°s. The money market was j
largely nominal, but there Is evidence of quite
liberal offerings of funds from outside sources. !
The high level of railroad earnings shown by j
all companies reporting and the reporte . eager j
demand to buy. borrow or r«>iH freight cars i
from many sections of the country was a ;
potent bource of strength lor stocks. Northern i
Pacific, Pennsylvania md Pittsburg C. C, C !
and St. Louis enjoyed the benefit of the pub- i
Honed June statements, showing largely In- ■
creased net earnings. Burlington's strong
June statement brought realizing. The coalers :
were helped by the statement of Lehigh Val- ;
ley, refit-ding a growing nprovement in the
long depressed tuthraclte Industry. Reports j
of the unprecedented activity and strength in !
th° Iron trade caused advances in the prices I
of Steel and Iron stocks, with the exception of i
Federal Steel. American Steel and Wi: rose I
over a point. This factor helped rtie railroad*
situated in the Iron regions, notably Louisville i
and Niifchville. American Leather Company was j
marked up aevf-ral points on light transactions i
and . sth no news t. explain the rise. Inter
national Paper preferred and Consolidated Gag |
roso two points. The decline after the hank
statement was checked by good absorption, but >
th° recovery was not to the top level. The j
'■lo«in? was quiet and firm. Bonds ere well i
held on a moderate volume of business
The course of the stock market during the ;
week has shown evidences of a weakened inter
est ami .iKth. Tlv- principal apprehension j
has b«en ov>r the future of the money market. '
All accounts have agreed upon the unusual
abundance if funds at all Interior centers, hut:
the tlvit) of trade and industry Is also un- |
precedented and the enormous volume. of bank!
clearings throughout the country shows that j
more money is turned over in profitable em- i
ployment every wwk than ever before. Tho !
question has '■■•--••n whether In moving the crops, !
the usual demand wnuld be made upon Eastern !
centers for money or whether the large funds j
at interior points would prove ample. >
This question is not answered definitely yet. \
* "all money In New York has continued pretty ;
firm and it developed during the week thnt j
many stocH exchange houses were resorting to j
tune loans This, resulted In a hardening ten- j
dPncv of the time money rate and there was i
apprehension that a money squeeze in the call j
loan lepartment mi^ht intervene when d<?- i
mands li-'gai'. to be made for crop moving !
purposes. Except for domestic disquiet in j
Frame the outlook 1b for easier money j
n broad, and sterling exchange at New York i
hHB shown a sharp decline toward the end of j
the week. N"w Y..rk mercantile paper has j
been reported as selling on the Chicago mar
ket The money condition in New York is
aJTfrteil by the failure of some new industrial!
6«curll to meet expectations. Some of these
have leclined sharply from the subscription
prices or from th« prices taken as a basts for
distribution of new securities In exchange for j
those of constituent companies. Money »ui>- i
plied for underwriting has thus been kept li»-d
up waiting to realize. Not a little of the long |
continued speculative doubt has been due to ;
the threatened Transvaal trouble, with a spe- '
flnl view to its probable effect on the gold
production if the Rand. The expected large
supply of gold from this source is a factor in •
the estimates of thr future world prices. The I
various causes of Inactivity, however,, have ]
tended towai amelioration during the week.
Th» period of ha?ari! to the crops has come !
nearer Its end. Industrial activity continues
unabnt.-d. International trade and railroad ;
.^r:..:.'- break ill records, and the export
trade is proving itself permanently established
Bt a new high level. The strength of stocks,
which developed ftrsi In v few obscure and j
Isolated ca.ses, then In the Southwestern* and
Louisville, and Uter the grangej-s, has ■* per- j
meated pretty much the whole list throughout
the West.
The bond market was dull during the early
part of the we»k an has not responded to the
late •rength to the same extent as stocks.
I'nlted States 3s registered declined V 4 and
the 3s coupon V» in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shnres ■ < . Cioslng
Sold. Stocks-- Bid.
2,850 Atchlson 20V4
V/i.itO Atchiso* preferred C2V4
COO Baltimore & Ohio .; <BV4
Canndinn Pacific 98
Canada Southern ..' ....... 53*4 |
1,060 Central Pacific » '"2%
1.220 Chesapeake & Ohio 2SH
Chicago Great Western ..;. -.i 14V4 I
7.400 Chicago, Hurlington & Quincy ......137% ,
Chicago. Ind 8c 1-ouisvllle 10
100 chi'-ago, Ind and Louisville prefd.. 41 •
100 Chicago and Eastern Illinois 75V4
2.350 Chicago & Northwestern .1 163
3,430 Chicago. Rock Island & Pact n0.... 119%
2.015 C. C, C. and St. L0ui5...."........... 58%
1,000 Colorado Southern 5
450 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 444
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 164
830 Delaware & Hudson 1214
800 Delaware, Lackawanna & Western. l 724
Denver & Rio Grande 21%
100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 76
Erie 13U
416 Erie Ist prefd 36 4
6,150 Great Northern prefd 1674
200 Hocking Coal 14Vi
Hocking Valley 234
1.050 Illinois Central f 117 3
600 lowa Central 12 7 s
lowa Central prefd 53
300 Kansas City, Ptttshurg * Gu1f....... 6T4
250 Lake Erie & Western 214
420 Lake Erie & Western prefd 71
i Lake Shore .'./014
7.150 Louisville & Nashville 75%
2.010 Manhattan L US 1 *
1.000 Metropolitan Street Railway "12
1,435 Mexican Central 14%
720 Minneapolis & St. Louis 65%
100 -Minneapolis A St. Louis prefd 904
I 6.445 Missouri Pacific 48Vt
600 Mobile & Ohio 4M»
| Missouri. Kansas & Texas '. . 12 1 *
100 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd... Z <\
20Q New Jersey Central 116 M:
i 1.000 New York Central 139%
2.500 Norfolk & Western 21>4
2,960 Norfolk A.- Western prefd 71*
5.570 Northern Pacific SH»
300 Northern Pacific prefd 77%
I 1.000 Ontario & Western 26Vi
' Oregon Railway A Navigation 40%
I Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 75
! 7,!i00 Pennsylvania 1S6 7
300 Reading 21
4.000 Reading Ist prefd 604
2,000 Reading 2d prefd 33
i Rio Grande western 30
'■ Rio Grande Western prefd 78
1,500 St. Louis & Ban Francisco 11
St. Louis .*c San Francisco Ist pfd. 704
: St. Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd. 3S
2.4C0 St Louis & Southwestern 16Vi
1,085 St Louis & Southwestern prefd... 35%
5,900 S( Paul 132%
i St. I'aul prefd 1744
120 St. Paul & Omaha 108
! 10.355 Southern Pacific 33%
3.200 Southern Railway 12
12,3tX1 Southern Railway prefd 53%
• Texas & Pacific 224
400 Union Pacific 44
1,560 Union Pacific prefd 77 7 *
' Wabash 7 r >
1,200 Wabash prefd 23%
1,050 Wheeling & Lake Erie '- (1 *
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 23 7
! Wisconsin Central 14%
Express Companies —
I Adams ..;v. 118
i American "*. 137
I United States 49
i Wells Fargo 129
Miscellaneous —
650 Americao Cotton Oil 424
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
310 American Malting 17,4
! '.. American Malting prefd 674
500 American Smelting & Refining 31%
300 American Smelting & Refining pfd. 85%
! American Spirits 6
! :. American Spirits prefd 30%
i African Steel Hooi m.. 32
American Steel Hoop prefd 774.
--8,575 American Steel & Wire 68Vt
555 Ameri Stee & Wire prefd 56%
1,960 American Tin Plate 33%
: American Tin Plate prefd 85
i 14,970 American Tobacco 104
American Tobacco prefd 141
200 Anaconda Mining Co *.'. 55%
8.550 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 116
550 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46%
, 4.225 Continental Tobacco 43
815 Continental Tobacco prefd 864
I 1,155 Federal Steel 55%
' Federal Steel prefd 80%
S9O General Electric 1244
Glucose Sugar 654
Glucose Sugar prefd 107
400 International Paper 41
2,700 International Paper prefd 754
' Laclede Gas 57
400" National Biscuit 474
I National Biscuit prefd 974
j National Lead ...» 3'l
I National Lead prefd 112
340 National Steel *.... 51%
1.000 National Steel prefd 934
100 New York Air Brake 19S
j North American 1124
! Pacific '"'inst 37
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S3
! Pacific Coast 2d prefd 59
395 Pacific Mail 48%
1,000 People's Gas 118%
400 Pressed Steel Car 55
"i)i) Pressed Steel Car prefd 874
Pullman Palace Car 160
200 Standard Rope & Twine 5
9.540 Sugar 159%
' Sugar prefd 118%
1,900 Tennessee Coal & Iron 70%
i CnlK Statei Leather 6V«
300 United States Leather prefd .'.2
170 United States Rubber 50U
IIS. United States Rubbei prefd 110' i
Western Union 90
214,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U 5 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 6r«'
Do 3s reg l"* ! Do 4s 934
Do 3s soup 108% N V Cent lsts 112
Do new 4s reg 12S N J Cent gen .121% j
Do new 4s c0up. .130 No Carolina 6s 127%
Do old 4s reg 112V4 Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up. ..113 No Pacific lsts 113 |
Do 5s reg 111% Do 3s 67"i,
Do 5s coup llWi Do 4s 108%
Dlst of C 3.65s 119 N V C & St L 45.. 107% I
j Alabama class A. .110 Nor & W con 45... 94% ;
Do class B 110 Do gen 6s 135
Do class C ■ ■ 104 Oregon Nay 15t5. .112
Do Currency 98 Do 4s 101%
'. Atchison gen 45....1<U 7 » Oregon SL 6s 132 |
Do adj 4s 55% Do con 5s 113% j
Canada So -<l> 111% Reading gen -i 5.... Sf>%
i Ches & Ohio 4%5... '-'7 Rio G West lsts.. 954
' po is IV. St L& I M con 55. 114
i Chi & N W con 7s.l»S Bt L & S F gen 65. 124%
Do s F deb 53....1224 8t Paul con 170
| Chicago Term 45... 99% St P C & P 15t5....12n;
j Den ft Rio G lsts.MX Do 5s ; 121 ,
; Do 4-- 100 So Railway 5s 109%
' E T V k G 15t5... 1024 Stand R & T 65... s-i
! Brie K en 4s 72% Term new set 35... 95
; F W & D C lsts.. 77 Tex & Pac 15t5.. .115
■ Gen Electric 58....116 Do 2ds 56
; G H & S A 6s 110% Union Pacific 43. ..10.)%
■p 0 o,j s m Colo Southern 45.. &8
i H & T Cos 110% Wabash lsts 117
I Do con 6* 112 Do 2d5.... 102%
i lowa Cent lqfcs 114 West SHore 4s 114Vs
i X C P & G 11t5.... 61'i-Wis Cent lsts .si
: La new con 4s 106 Va Centuries 8«%
I/&N unified 45... 100% Do Deferred 5
MINING STOCKS.
I chollar 20 Ontario 5 00
i Crown Polnf MOnhlr.... 105
i Con Cal & V 2 06 Plymouth 10
i Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 2 lo
' Gould & Curry 40 Do prefd 800
'• Hale ft NorcroM.. 33 Sierra Nevada a 9
i Horaestake 65 o<> Standard 2 50
! Iron Silver Bl Union Con.. „ 3»
Mexican ■• '- Yellow Jacket 3j
BOSTON BTOCKB AND BONDS.
Money- West End. 95
: Call loans 34 1 DO prefd „. 114
| Time loans 4 li4>, Westlnghouse El.. 50
Stocks— Wisconsin Cent.... 14%
i Atch Top &Bt Fe. 20% ■ Bonds—
! Do prefd 62»,vAtchlson 4s 100
i American Sugar.. .ls!)% Mining Shares—
i Bell Telephone 347 Adventure 9%
■ Boston ft Albany. .263 Allouez Mm C 0.... -V»
; Boston Elevated... 108% Atlantic 30
! Boston ft Maine... 2o2 Boston & Mont — 304
1 Chi Bur & Q 137% Butte & 805t0n.... 77%
Ed Elec 111 200 Calumet A Hecla.. •
; Fitchburg prefd. ..ll3 Centennial 33H
! Gen Electric K4% Franklin 13',i
! Federal Steel 55% Humboldt 2
i Do pr« fd %tOsceola W%
i Mexican Central... 44% Parrott 62%
Michigan Te1.... 9S Qulncy 16X-.
! Old Colony 203 ISanta Fe Copper... 13%
Old Dominion Tamarack 122
I Rubber 60% 1 Wlnona 13
[.Union Pacific 43% Wolverine 47
| ITnion Land 8 lUtah 43%
ASSOCIATED BANKS" STATEMENT.
:
| NEW YORK. July 29.— The New York Flnan
icier says: The statement of the New York
i Clearing-house banks for the week ending July
■ 29 cannot be regarded as a favorable exhibit.
! although there iB good reason for saying that
i It does not Bhow the real condition of the banks
! at the close of business Saturday. The loss of
j nearly 14,500,000 In cash, for example, la much
more than the six days' operations called for.
The contraction of $12,705,300 in deposits reduced
reserve requirements by over $3,000,000, so that
despite the shrinkage of $4,429,300 in specie and
legals the excess declined only $1,244,47.", leav
i ing the surplus at $10,411,125. The deposit loss,
j as usual, is to be traced to a few of the more
j important Institutions, the National City Bank
alone b-ing responsible for $5,000,000 of the
, total. On the other hand the gain of nearly v
; much by the national bank, accompanied by
, a proportionate addition of specie, xtanilK In
direct contrast with the trend of the other
I banks. The liquidation In loans continues, the
. decrease of $8,334,500 in that item for the week
; making a total of more than $3«;000,000 in four
j weeks. In the same time deposits have de
i clined $40,000,000 and specie and leßals Bome
thlns in exceat of $4,000,000. It .is to be noted
i that- while on July 8 the surplus reserve ws
] but $5,000,000 the clearing institutions, despite
the fact that they have $4,000,000 less cash now
; than at that time, still report $6,000,000 more
i ,of excess reserve. <Thls has been made possible
'by the liquidation ot outstanding commit-' i
! ments, but it is becoming a question how much
further the process can be continued. Loans
are now the smallest since the middle of Feb
ruary, and in the last six months the banks
ha\e" loßt $25,0C0,000 In specie and legals. The
| continued lc*s of cash to the treasury and the
approach of the crop season, with its demands
■of the resources of this center, make the im
mediate future an interesting subject for specu- \
latlon. Still, as bank balances have in many I
Instances been diverted rrom New York the
demand may fall more or less on other large
cities.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NETW YORK. July 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cableeram says:
1 The Transvaal debate was favorably received,
i but this was the quietest Saturday forborne
1 time. There was a pause even 1n the Austra
lian boom. Americans were firm from the
start, being bought all around and showing
'ffalna of %®l. Louisville and Nashville and
■ ■ -:. , ■ '
THE SAIST FRAXCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 30, 1899.
Norfolk and Western were the features. The
feeling was bullish. Money was easy. Silver •
was steady.
CLOSING.
t LONDON, July 29.— Canadian Paclflo, 100%;
Northern Pacific preferred, SOVi; Union Pacific
preferred, 80%: Atchlson. 20*4: Grand Trunk.
7%: Anaconda, 11%. Bar Silver, quiet, 28 11-16 d
| per ounce. Money. 2 per cent. j
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 29.— Receipts,
24.459 barrels; exports, 21,429 barrels; sales, 3500
packases. Inactive but steady. Minnesota
patents, $3 7593 90; Minnesota bakers. $3@3 10;
winter patents, $3 65@355; winter straight*,
fS3scss3soj winter extras, $2 40@2 80; winter
low grades. $2 30@2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 111,925 bushels; exports,
17.">,?-55 bushels; sales, 1,155,000 bushels futures:
spot firm; No. 2 red. 77 7 fec f. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 northern,- Duluth, 72':c f. o. b. afloat
spot; No. 2 red, 76% c elevator. Options opened
at %c advance, influenced by higher English
cables and drought from India. Under subse
quent free realizing, however, with weak ad
vices from Paris, the rise was obliterated.
Closed : steady at U@%c advance. Sales In
! eluded No. -2 red July, 76@76T4c, closed 76% c;
, September, 7. r 15-16a70 1^c, closed 76Vic; Decem
! ber. 7si;<??7S%c, closed 78Vic.
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1556
1 crop, 6®7c; IS:<7. lli@l3c; 1595, 16@17c. Pacific !
I Coast, 1896 crop, 6<s7c; 1897, 11^13c; IS9B, ll@lßc.
HIDES— Firm; Galveston. 20 to 25 pounds,
16'i<517c; Texas dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 12@13c;
California, 21 to 25 pounds. 18% c. • ■
WOOI.T— domestic fleece, 195.24 c;
; Texas, 13@16c.
PIC, IRON— Firm; Southern, $17 50^20 50;
i Northern, $154}21.
COPPER-Steady; brokers'. $18 50.
LEAD— Quiet; brokers', $4 45. The brokers'
price for lead is J4 3S and for copper $1S 50.
TIN PLATES— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 6 points higher. Sales. 2000 bags, including
November, $4 90®4 95. Snot coffee. Rio, dull
and nominal; No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. 7 Job- j
blng, 6V4c; mild, quiet, about steady; Cordova,
; B®lßc.
SUGAR— Raw firm with good demand, held j
j higher; fair refining, 3 15-lCc; centrifugal 96
I test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3 13-lSc; refined,
i strong and active: No. 6. 4 13-16 c; No. 7, 4%c;
No. I, 4 11-16 c; No. 9, 4%c; No. 10. 4>ic; No.
| 11, 4%c: No. 12, 4 5-16 c; No. 13, 4 16c; No. 14,
! 4 4c; mold A. 5%c; standard A, Sic; con
fectioners' A, s',ic; loaf. 5%c; crushed. 6c;
powdered. 5%c; granulated. 5V4c; cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3111 packages. Quiet.
I Western creamery. li'#lßc; June factory. 13@
144c;. fresh factory, llsTl4q. ...
EGGSr-Receipts, 4539 packages. Quiet.
Western, 10@15c. ■
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July California dried
fruit, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 64i@74c;
prime wire tray, S>4@B%c; choice, E%@9c;
fancy, 9%@9%C.
PRUNES— 3V4@Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 18c; Moorpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES— ll@ll%c.
' CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July Apprehensions of frost,
higher cables from Liverpool and reports of
lack of moisture In India caused a firm and
'■ higher opening in wheat. September started
. i;@%c higher at 71%@71Vic. Transactions at
71'-c were extremely light and the market im
mediately sank on heavy realizing an.: sales
against calls. Before 12 o'clock September j
touched 70%@-70%C. Shipments of 1,440.000 bush- |
els, with estimated world's shipments of 6,-
SOO.OOO bushela for the week, more than offset
fears of frost in the spring wheat belt. On the j
early decline there was considerable covering
which. ' together with buying against puts, I
caused a sharp rally to 7.U4@71%c for Septem- |
ber The strength was short-lived, however,
and just before the close September again ;
touched 70% c closing with sellers at 70T»'571c.
Corn ruled weak throughout on reports of !
heavy rains in the Southwest, which dlssi
! pated all fears of droiisht. Country offerings j
were large. September closed %c net lower.
A squeeze of July shorts was the feature of
the oats market. July was forced up 2%c and
closed Btrong at 26c after selling as high as >
27c. September was dull and featureless. The
July option is entirely under the control of a I
: leading local professional, who took advantage .
of the light country offerings to-day to run up I
the market on those who are presumably short
i to him. September lost %c.
; Provisions ruled dull and slightly easier on
lighi country liquidation. Packers were cred- :
! Ited with selling on a moderate scale, but the \
i trade generally appeared to he in a waiting
mood. September pork closed 7%c lower and
ribs and lard each lost 24c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 70% 70% 70% 70%
September 71% 714 70% 7!
December 73% 73% 72% 72%
Corn No. 2—
July ....! 314 31% 31% 314 !
September 31% Si\ 31' i 31%
, December 30 30 2"4 2.%
' May 31% tVA 30% 30%
Oats No. 2 - •
July 54% 27 24% 26 |
September 19% 19% r- 1 19>i
December 19vs 19 7 i 19% ''-
May 21% M% 21% ■ 21Vi
| Mess Pork, j-er barrel —
September 8 924 595 880 s 824
October 885 8 87% BSS SBS
Lard, per 1 ■" pounds —
i September •'. 45 B 45 5 40 5 424
October 5 50 5 60 6 45 5 174
| Sh.irt Ribs, per 100 pounds
> September 5 20 5 20 5 15 5 174
October 525 525 5 174 520
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; patents. $3 45tf3 55; straights,
$;?i3 25; clears. *: Bo®3 10; ring specials, $4;
hard patents, $3 ■■■<■•'■. 60: sofl patents. $3 30«j
3 40; Btralghts. $3®3 10; bakers', $2 40(8>2 60; No.
. 3 spring wheat. 69#70c; No. 2 red, 71% c: No. 2 1
corn, 32^T32%c; No. 2 oats, 20'921c; No. 2 white. !
23% c: No. 3 white, 224®234c; No. 2 rye. 52% c:
.\. I tiaxseed, 974 c; prime timothy seed, $2 45;
mesa pork, per barrel™. 10@8 20; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 '.•''"• 374; short rib Bides, loose, %o'a> |
5 20; dry salted shoulders, boxed. ?% / fis4c: short
; clear sides, boxed. $5 40^.") 45; whisky, distillers'
finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugar, un
changed.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels S.OOO 7.000
Wheat bushels 79,000 77,000
Corn bushels 525.000 C 79.000
Oats bushels 420,000 374. I
1 Rye bushels 7.000 j
Barley, bushels 5,000 54.000 I
On tlfe Produce Exchange to-day the Batter
market was firm: creameries, lJ%@l7c; dair
ies, 110'154c. Cheese, weak; S4@9c. Eggs,
weak; fresh, ll@ll4c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept. De-\
Opening 6 6% T. 104 5 1114
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 "5 20 60
Cloying
Flour — .
Opening 43 00 27 85
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. .
CHICAGO, July 29.— CATTLE— Receipts - of
cattle wer«. ! too small to make a market to-day
and pricea were about unchanged.
HOGS— A good demand from shippers added j
a ahade to the prices of hogs. Fancy lots •
brought $4 40>if4 4.",; heavy lots. $J 20@4 55; !
lights, $4 35®4 65; mixed lots, $4 2."'i?t 55; culls :
i and mugh, $2@4,
SHEEP— There was the usual dull Saturday I
I j>heep market to-day. Sheep were salable at $2 j
%-, for culls up to $4 50fT5 15 for prime wethers; ,
ewes brought $3&4 50; feeders. $3 50(33 75; ;
Western rangers. $4W4 50; yoarling< $4@5 50,
and spring lambs, $3 75^4 50.
Receipts— COO; Hogs, 12,000; Sheep, I
2500.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, ' July 29.— Consols, 106 7-16: Silver,
27 11-16 d; French rentes. lOOf 274 c: Wheat car- , :
■ goes off coast, buyers Indifferent ■ operators '■■
1 cargoes on passage, more inquiry.
LIVERPOOL, July — Wheat, firm: Wheat \
\ in Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s Id© |
6s 2d- No. 2 red Western winter. 6s 94d; No. 1 ,
; Northern spring. 5s ll%d. Futures, firm: July, ;
5b i;--,d: Seplember. 5s 104 d; December. 6a ll%d. !
CORN Spot, firm; American mix^d new, 33 ;
4' d- old. 2s 4%d. Future*, steady; .July, 3s I
4\(t ; September. 3s 4%d: October, 3s 4%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 7s 6d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 844
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8S
Sterling Cablea ■••• — 489 I
New York Exchange, sight. — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 124
Mexican Dollars ; 49% 50
Fine Silver. Dor ounce — 60',i
I WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS. "
WHEAT— Chicago opened firmer, owing to I
better foreign advices, a cable reporting the In
dian crops withering. South Dakota reported
: a probable shortage compared with last year,
! and extreme cold temperatures In the North
: west caused fears of frost. In addition Broom
hall cabled unfavorable weather in Europe 1
, Germany being wet and Rusma too cold for this
I time of the year. .
A weaker feeling sub«»iuently developed, un- I
der reported Indian shipments of 1, 000 bush- !
els The market had no support.. but the shorts 1
covered Friday's sales. The short lines were j
afterward reinstated, but the market closed
steady, with New York acceptances on Conti
nental, account.
■ In the local market futures were higher, but
1 spot prices were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 oC@l 07%; milling,
$1 os?i<ffi 124. •■... i ■■• .
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session— 9:ls" o'clock — —
; 60GO ctls. $1 13; 4000. II 13Vi; 4000, $1 13%
Second Session— December— «ooo ctls, $1 18%. j
May— $116%.- - ••- ' ■ ■-> •- ■'
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$1 12%; 8000, $1 12%. •" " ■
BARLEY— spot market waa steady, but j
futures fell off somewhat.
Feed, new, 90(^95c; Brewing, 97%@51 02%;
Chevalier, $1 12%@1 15 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No salee.
Second Session—No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctls.
S74c; 4000, 87% c; 20,000, 87c; 12,000, 86T4c; 2000,
OATS— The market continues steady, with a
fair demand. New white, $1 25'®1 40, and new
red. $1 074@l 16 per ctl.
CORN— there. is nothing new. to report.
Bmall round Yellow, $1 3Q@l 35; Eastern large
Yellow $1 10S1 15; White, tl 10@l 15: mixed,
$1 10 per ctl; California White. $1 174®1 224- |
RTE— 9o@92%c per ctl. The demand is slack. |
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75, \
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 55; Oregon |
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra, [
$3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for superflne. ;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol- :
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lb». : Rye Flour. $2 75: Rye :
i Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. |T; Cornmeal. $2 50; !
I extra cream Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 60®
4 75: Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25@'3 59;
Buckwheat Flour, $4!£4 25; Cracked Wheat.
}3 75; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 55®« 95; in sacks,
$6 35@6 75; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50;
Green Peas, $5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS. \ '.]
Hay continues demoralized. In view of the
excessive supplies in the country buyers are
still holding off In expectation of a further de
cline, and sales are hard to make in conse
quence. Feedstuffs stand as before.
BRAN— SIS 50<g.16 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-sl7 50®19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $20 per ton;
i Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27«t28; jobbing.
$2S 50«29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Cornmeal,
$23 50(5*4 50; Cracked Corn, $24&25; Mixed Feed.
$15@16; Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat,. s7@S 50 1 for good and $9 for
choice; Wheat and Oat, $6 50©8; Oat. $5 50@i i 5:
Barley, $5@7; Island Barley. $5@6: Alfalfa, $^9
7 50 per ton; Compressed Wheat, $9®lo.
STRAW— 4Oc per bale. . ,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are firmly held, but dull. Seeds show
no change whatever.
' BEANS— Bayos, $1 90(32; Small White, $2 05®
2 15; Large White. $1 65@1 SO; Pinks, $2 30® 2 40;
Reds, nominal: Blackeye, $4 10@4 15; Butters,
nominal; Limas. $4 10@4 15; P*a. $2 10@2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2V<i3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2%c per lb;' Alfalfa, S4@94c: Rape, S©J4c:
Hemp. -:%®4%c; Timothy, 4%@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25@1 CO; Green, $1 u(
@2 per ctl. ■..•■■:■■:•-•.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The feeling in Potatoes may be a shade
steadier, but prices show little improvement.
Onions are firm. Vegetables continue in liberal
supply and cheap, at the old quotations as a
rule.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles, $I@l 15; Early
' R.. S e. 75c@$l 10; Burbanks, Soc3sl 10 per ctl in
; imcka and $l | »jl 25 in boxes.
ONIONS— ««f9Oc per ctl forSllverskins; Pickle
Onions. H per sack. •
VEGETABI*EB— 75c®$l 50 per box
i for ordinary and $1 7502 25 for fancy; Green
Peas 2'524c p»t lb; String Beans, 14@24c;
Lima Beans, 6c; Cabbage, 50@60c; Tomatoes,
2<v&3oc per small box; Rivera, 50©66 c; Stockton,
i 75c; Egg Plant. 60@75c; Green Okra, 40@75c per
box- Garlic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 2."'&'75c for
: Chile and 50c@$l per box for Bell; Carrots, 30®
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 15(9 25c; Pickles,
' 75cS$l for No. 1 and 40050 c for No. 2; Summer
Squash. 10i@25c; Marrowfat Squash, $15<g20 per
I ton; Green Corn. 25®75c per sack for Vacavlll*.
fl@l 25 per crate for Alameda.and 25@70c for
Berkeley.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern Is announced for to
' morrow. Local stock is in ample supply and
dull, and some was left on hand at the close.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll(g'l24c for Gob
i biers and 11@124c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
I6@18c; Geese, per pair, $I@l 25; Goslings, $1 25
(ffl 50; Ducks, $3@4 for old and $3 50Q5 for
young; Hens, $4 50®5 50; young Roosters, $5«
6; old Roosters, $4«4 60; Fryers. $4@4 50;
Broilers, $3@4- for large, $2 50@3 for small;
I Pigeons, $1 r.of/l 75 per dozen for old and $1 50"3
1 70 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
! Quotations for all descriptions remained with
■ out change, and trade was quiet, as usual on
; Saturday.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 20@21c; sec
! onds, 19c.
Dairy— Fancy, 174@18c; good to choice, l&g
17c: store, 14<6?15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9@94c; old Bt§>
■ B%c; Young America. 94@10c; Ea.Uern, 13916 c.
'EGGS— Quoted at 16@19c for store and 20(3"
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 18V4@20c foi
selected, 16@17c for No. 1 and 14@15c for sec
onds.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $15622 50 for frees and $30 for clings;
Apricots, $30040 per ton, according to size and
' quality and district; Bartlett Pears, in this
! city $25045 per ton; Green and Yellow Plums,
$20 per ton: Colored Plums, $lU@ls.
Bartlett Peara were steadier again yesterday,
with a marked reduction in the stock on hand.
It is possible that we will not see the usual
glut in this fruit this year. Plums were neg
lected by the canners, and but few sales were
made on this account. Peaches choked the
i market as usual. The trains were late and
this resulted in a lot of carried over stock.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples, 36G8Sc per box; Crabapples, 35@50c
per smail box.
BERRIES— Blackberries, $2 5O«?4 60 per chest:
Strawberries $fi per chest for small and $1 25 (
2 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $31T5 per
chest; Logan berries, per chest; Huckle
! berries, 6@Bc per lb.
Watermelons. $s'd2o per mo.
| Cantaloupes. 50cfj$1 25 per box and $233 50 per
crate: Nutmegs. 76cQ$l 50 per box.
Grapes black and white, 75c per box and
| 65c<7ifl 25 per crate.
' Currants, $4^6 per chest.
Pears BS4r6Oc per box, according to Blze;
BartletVs. $I@l 25 per box.
Nectarines, — — per box for white and 40'©75 c
for red. ....
Figs, $1 25(01 50 per box for double layers of
black and 75c©$l for white.
Apricots, 25«?75c per box.
Peache . 15@40c per box and 15<g;2oc per bas
ket
Piums, 25(g50c per box; Prunes, 50@65c per
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges. $2<94;
Lemons, 75c(?T$l 50 for common and $2<gS for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4Q4 50; Cali
fornia Limes, per small box: Bananas,
$150®250 per bunch; Pineapples, $I®2 50 per
dozen. ■ .
' DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The trade report a strong and hardening mar
ket for Apricots, n steady feeling in Peaches
and some weakness in Apples. There is. little
; tnlk of Prunes, and none whatever of Raisins.
Nuts are, firm and Honey is steady, with a fair
i demand.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes. 64c for
40-50' s, 5c for 50-60' s. 4c for 60-70' c, 34#3%c for
'< 70-80's 2%@3<ie for 80-yO'a. 2'*®2%c for 90-100's
! and 2®2'/ic for 100-HO'a.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, CVio for 4»-."o's. 5Uc for 50-60's, 4>4c per
lb for 60-708, 3*ic for 70-80' SU©'34c for 80-90's
and 2%@3c for 90-100's: Apricots, 9011 c for Roy
als and 114@124c for Moorparks; Peaches, 7»4s#
74c; Evaporated Apples, 74®Sc; Sun-dried, oV»
' @«c p^r It; Nectarines. 6@7c per lb.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, *%c Jr three
crown. 5%c for four-crown. 44<?60 .'or Seedless
Sultanas, 34c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
' for London layerr; Dried Grapes. 2%@3c.
NUTS— Walnuts, s(f?Sc for hardshell, lO^a.
--! for softshell: Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
, new crop. 74c for Languedoc and 94c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4V4
©5c tor California; Cocoanuts, $« 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 114 c for bright and 104 c for
I light amber; water white extracted. 7Vi@74c;
j light amber extracted, 64@7c; dark, S4c
P< BEESWAX-26®27c per lb.
PROVIFTONS.
A further advance in Cottolene Is noted.
Otherwise there is no change. Hams rule firm
at the recent advance.
CURED MEATS - Bacon, 84c per lb for
heavy. S©9**<-' for light medium, lie for light
124 c. for extra lieht and 13c for sugar cured •
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 134@14c; Califor
nia Hams. 12© 13 c: Mess Beef. $13 per bbl ■
extra Mess B"ef. $14; Family Beef. 81691S 30 '•
I extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16 60 :
< mess. $151J'15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted at s%©6\c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure
74c: 10-lb tins. S\4c: 5-lb tins. BHc -■:l'v,>
COTTOLENE— 6T4)<?'7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium, 9@9V6c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, »c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, aound. 16c; culls and brands,
I 13c; dry Kip and Veal, l«c: dry Calf, 17c;
: Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each: medium. 70@90c: long Wool,
' 90c@$l 10 each : Horse Hides, salt. $2<g>2 25 for
I large and $1 26®1 "i 0 for small; Colt*. 25@50<j.
1 TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4Vic perlb; No.
i 2, 3(5-4c; refined, ; grease, 2©24 c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Joaquin and South- !
crn, 7 months, Siailc; Foothill and Northern i
! free, 11914 c; Foothill and Northern defective,
I 9@llc: Nevada. ll(£14c: San Joaquln Foothill
. j free,. 10<g'l2c; do defective, g@9c: Humboldt and !
; Mendocino, 164®lSc: Valley Oregon. 17®1Sc;
1 Eastern Oregon, i2Q-14« for choice and 114 c
for fair to good.
HOPS— IS9S. crop. 15@17Hc per lb; 1899 crop,
12!4<3>13c bid and refused, ;
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue In Hirht supply and flrm, with
occasional sales at a fractional advance over
I the ' quotations. ". . - •-"" '.'" "• ' ." -
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers;
BEEF— 7@lc per It> for Steers and «tt®Jc for
Cows.
VEAL— per tt>.
MUTTON— 7c; E»e», *%c per Ib.
j LAMB— Spring, 80 per Tt>.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%ig:5%c for small, 6c for
i medium and.6%@s%c for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, 6V4c; dressed Hogs. <tgsV*o.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bn*», *c: Wool Bars,
26<g'28c: San Quentln Bags, nominal.
I COAL— Wellington, |S per tr.n; New Welllng-
I ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 ftO; Seattle. *6:
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, 15; Wallsend. I* 50:.
Ecotch. $8; Cumberland. $9 in bulk and JlO 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12:
Cannel, $S per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, »12 j>«r ton In bulk and »14 In
i tacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
! pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-tt) bags:
! Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5",i0;
Powdered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, s^c; Confectioners" A. 5V4c; Cali
fornia A, •4%c; Magnolia a. i%c; Extra C, *%c;
I Golden C, 4V4e; barrels, l-16c more; half-barr#ls.
! %c more; boxes. He more; 60-Tt> bags, V»c more.
No order taken for lrss than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dumlnos. hnlf-barrels, sT*c: boxe*.
6V4C per tb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. July 29.
Flour, qr eks .... 2.740 W«ol. bags 17S
] Barley, ctls 7.8(15 Eggs, doz .» 11. •60
Oats, ctls S.fiTO Win*. gal 3 34. 500
Corn. ctls. East 800 Leather, rolls — 67
Rye. ctls 240 Hides. No 1.0&4
Tallow, ctls . 46 Pelts, bdls 911
I Butter, ctls 214 Lime, bbl 228
| Cheese, ctls 115 Sugar, bbls ISj
; Beans, sks 1,193 Sugar, sks 1.600
! Middlings, sks .. • 120 Powder, cases .. •
Potatoes, sks.... 1,354 Quicksilver, Hks. 11
Onions, sks 384 Hay. tons 620
Bran % sks 3.4G5
OREGON.
Flour, qr eks.... 13.642 Bran, sks 4,465
Wheat, ctls 970
I■♦ ■ — :
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the Bond Exchange there was some ac
tivity in Contra Costa Water at $7*378 50, and
! in Faauhau Plantation at $38 87ft@39 25. Tn
other stocks, were quiet.
Mining stocks stood about th» same,
und«»r the usual dull business. The telegram
from the pump said: "At 6:30 a. m. the water
! was down 12 feet and 6 inches below the 1950-
I root level station. The elevator has been work
ing continuously."
The Best & Belcher assessment falls delin
quent in board to-morrow.
At the annual meeting of the Hornestake
! Mining Company the number of directors was
I increased from five to seven and the new board
I now .stands as follows: President, James B.
' Haggin (elected in place of Lloyd Tevls); sec
, retary, Fred Clark; vice president, F. G.
; Drum; E. H. Clark, E. .T. McCutchen, Thomas
' Turner and Richard Clark. The stockholders
I ratified the purchase of the Highland mine and
; paid for it by issuing 85,000 shares of increased
capital stock.
j...e following local incorporations disbursed
dividends during the past month:
Per Shr. Amt.
Bank of California $3 00 $!>O.OOO
I California Trust Co 1 50 15.000
I Crocker- worth X. 8k.... 40,00n
; Columbian Banking Co 3 00 1.800
First National Bank 5 00. 75.000
Nevada National Bank 3 50 105,000
Wells, Fargo & Co 3 00 240.C00
: Fireman's Fund Ins. Co 3 00 30.000
1 Pacific Surety Co 150 1.600
; Central Light & Power 05 3,100
! Gas Consumer's Association.. 15 2,025
Oakland Gas Co 25 7.500
Pacific Gas Improvement Co.. 40 12.500
! Pacific Lighting Oo 35 7.000
S. K. Gas & Electric 42 54,803
! Stockton Gas & Electric 30 3,«oo
Marin County Water 75 4.500
San Jnse Water 80 4,241
! Spring Valley Water 42 55.500
I California Street Cable 50 5,000
I Market Street Railway 60 ' IH.7«W
i Butter Ptrpet Railway 1 25 25.000
I Alaska Packers' Association.. 75 36.000
1 Hutchinson Plantation 25 . 25,000
Makaweli Sugar Co 40 14.0<i0
; Onomea Sugar Co 30 15,000
Paauhau Plantation... 30 30.000
California Powder 100 is.nofl
Giant Powder Co 50 10,000
Pacfflc Telephone 4u 15,200
; Sunset Telephone 25 7,500
' Oceanic Steamship 50 12.000
Alaska-Mexican M. Co 10 18.000
Alaska-Treadwell M. Co 37ft 75.000
Aetna Q. M. Co 10 10.000
Argonaut Mining Co 10 29,000
| El Dorado 10 10.000
G. V. Exploration M. Co 25 7.500
■ Gwin M. Co IS 5,000
I Highland M. Co 20 20.000
1 Homestake M. Co 23 O.IM
i Homeutake U. Co. (extra).... 25 81,250
Hidden Treasure 10 3,600
Napa Con. Q. M. Co 10 10,000
i Napa Con. Q. M. Co., extra.. 10 10.000
New Idrla Q. M. Co 10 10.000
New l.lria Q. M. Co., extra... 10 10,0' jO
Pennsylvania M. Co 20 10,300
! Yellow Aster 10 10,000
Total .361,469
A summary of the dividends for July com
; pares as follows:
189S 1899.
i Banks $566,800 $5G«,8OO
i Insurance 32.000 51, 500
< Gas 99.875 83.828
! Water 75.741 67.541
I Street railways 141,702 141.700
! Fish 36.000 , 36,000
: Sugar 25,000 84.000
Powder 25,000
Telephone 20.700 20.700
Mining 203,075 291,900
| Miscellaneous 15,500 12.500
Totals .$1,219,393 $1,361,469
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, July 29—12 m.
Bid. Ask. i Bld.Aek.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. — 15H
Is quar c0up.. 112 — Oakland Gas.. 47ft 47-14
Is quar reg... — — ' Pac Gas Imp.. 72* —-'
4s quar new.. — — Pac LCo 41ft —
3s quar coup..lOS% — |B F G & E.... 7>Hi 71
I Miscellaneous— San Fran 3'j 3%
> Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — ,stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 5n...110\ — , Insurance—
ELtl 1 «3....130>* — Firera's Fund. 22B —
' F & Cl Ry 6s. 1161411,$ i Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal .... 68 67ft
H C A S sfts. lo7ft — Bank of Cal. 285
L A Ry 55....106 107 Z>4 St) * T.. — 98
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nat10n1.227 —
I Do gntd 6b.. 99 — jUm P & A....129H —
I Do gntd 55.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
Market -bt 65...126U — Nev Nat 8k...182 —
I Do Ist M 5sU6V* — Savlngt Bank*—
N eN G R 7s.HO - Ger S & 1,.. 1625 —
IN Ry Cal 65.. — 114 Hum S A 1 050 . 1160
N Rof Cal 08.114 — Mutual Bar,, — 42ft
N PC R R 6s. - — S F Say U.. 60ft —
■NP CR R 55. 106 ft — 3 & L 50.... — 85
j N Csl R R 55. 11 l — Security- S B — 300
OGL & H 55. 11 l — L'nion T Co.. — 14«5
I Oak Transt 65. 110 111 ■ Street Railroads—
Om CRy 65...126ft130 California ....116 — -
P & Cl Ry 6S.IP4 1 — 3eary 50 —
p & O «s .116 — Market-st 61% —
Powell-at 65.. .118 12JV4 Dak S L i H, - -
Sac El Ry ss. — — Presidio — 16
S F & X P 55.113\; — ' Powder—
'SF & S JVss.U4}*llsft California .... — —
Slf-rra R Cal6s.l"Sft - E Dynamite... Ss' —
SPof A 65... 112 113 Giant Con Co. 74 74X
S P C 65(1905).112 1\2%. Vigorlt 2% —
S P C 65(1906). — U4ft Sugar-
S P C 8s(19l2). — IMVi Hana P C 0.... 16% 17
i S P C Is eg ss. — 107H- Haw C * S C. — 100
SPBr 6s — 12*' i Hutch S P Co. 31% S2hi
S V Wat 65....110*i116 Kilauea 3 Co.— S8
! S V Wat 45....104>4104% Makawcll S C. 47% 48ft
!S V W 4s(3dm)loli; 1 Onomea S Co. 39 40
Ktktn Gas 65..102 Vi — Paauhau S P. 38% —
Water Storks— ! Ml«c»llaneous—
• Contra Costa.. 77*4 78 Al Pac Assn.. — 118>4
Marin Cn 50 — i:>r L<l "Vk5..230 -
Spring Valley. lol7ilo2Vi Mer Ex Assn. — 105
Gas and Electric— .Oceanic 8 Co. — 90
Capital Gas... — — jl'ac A F A... 1% —
! "enfral O Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. — 140
: Cent L & P... « 7 jr'ar Paint Co.. Bft —
Eqult G L Co. 3ft T. I •
Morning Session.
Board—
210 Contra Costa Water 78 00
fiO Contra Costa*\Vater 78 50
CO Contra CoFta. Water ■.. 78 25
f. Eastern Dynamite 8.") (10
26 G'.nnt Powder Con 74 25
H) Hana Plantation Co n 00
50 Hutchlnpon S P Co 32 12^
r.O Hutchinson S P Co, 8 3................ 32 12ft
10 Hutchinson S P Co ..32 25
10 Market Street Railway fil sT>i
2:,0 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
10 Paauhau S P Co, cash 39 12ft
90 Paauhau S P Co ; 39 12ft
75 Paauhau S P Co 89 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 3S 87ft
2 San Francisco Ga* & Electric C 0...- "0 00
i 2.*. Spring Valley Water, b5 102 00
5 Spring Valley Water 102 00
SAN FRAXCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Giant Powder Con :.......... 74 62>4
2.'. Giant Powder Con 74 75
200 Makaweli- Sugar Co .%., 48 00
I 25 Market Street Railway 63 30
?0 Market Street Railway fil «2ft
75 Onomea Sugar Co S3 62ft
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San FTanclsco
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
, 100 Alta 08; 200 Crown Point... 29
300 Andes 22 300 Gould & Curry 44
Chollar 25 700 Potost ,^ 51
' 500 Con Imperial .. 02 100 Savage 24
' • Following were the sales in the Paciflc Stock
Board yesterday: . ...
Morning Session. . „
i ■ 300 Alpha C0n...... 05 200 Con Cal A.V...2 15
' 1100 Alta 09 200 Justice 09
2550 Andes 23 300 Overman It
i 200 Andes 21 200 Potosl 51
JOO Belcher 28 400 Savage 24
*X> Best * Belcher 56 100 Sierra Nevada. 62 i
150 Con Cal & V.2 17^ 400 Syndicate 08 j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July 29—12 m. j
Bid. Ask. BM.Aak. |
Alpha 03 — Justice OS 10
Alta 0T 09 Kenturk — 'H
! Andes 21 23 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 26 28 Mexican 58 60
Best A Belcher 55 it Occidental 22 »
Bullion 08 03 Ophir 110 115 1
Caledonia 67 70 Overman 11 13 1
Chollar 24 2S Potosl 50 M
Challenge Con.. 30 32 Savage 23 2S
Confidence — 95 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cat A Va.2 IS 2 20;Seg Belcher ... 07 08
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 61 X
Crown Point.... 27 28 Silver Hill ''2 "3
Eureka Con SO — : Syndicate 07 —
Con New York. — 03 Standard «a V" —
I Exchequer r — H St. Louts 10 — i
I Gould & Curry 44 4". Union Con .... 37 3s
Hale A Norcrs 35 3fi T'tah 11 12 ;
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket. 37 39
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
! Alpha
i Alta j
Andes
Belcher j
< Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar :
Con. Cal. A Va Z.
Confidence
Crown Point
Gonld & Curry
l Hale Xorcrosa
; Justice j
Mexican
< Ophir
j Overman
| Occidental
! Potosi
Savage
Standard
i Sierra Nevada
: Union ...I
i Utah ..'
| Yellow Jacket
03 031
07 m
16 18
25 27
63 55
09 «9 1
5S r -T
21 23
i 26 24!
2 05 2 101
' So S4
i 24 28
I 39 40
33 3.". |
07! 07
S3 57
1 05 1 10
101 10
23 23
. .2 53
22 I 22
2 35 2 30
60 62
36! 38
11 11
1 33 33
| W.I T. j F. I 3.
1 1 03 03 OS 03
' 07 0" 1" 08
20 20 24, 22
28 26 29 26
I 06 54 58 M
OR OS -08 OS
til 63 65 67
! 26 25 33 SO
[ 26 29 26 25
12 15 2 13 2 15:2 15
I 951 91 [ 94 1 ....
28 27 30 j 29
I 41 42 44 44
( 36 34) 361 35
07 07 09! 08
: 6S 57 61 1 58
1 15 1 10 1 IS 1 16
12 11 12 11
23 23 23' 32 I
54 5] 53 El :
24 23 24 24
2 «> 2 70 2 60 2 60 I
63: 61 ! 6:'. 62
38 37 39 39 !
11 12 12 11 !
i 38 j 37 40 37 j
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San j
Francisco Bay. Published by official au- ]
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty live minutes lat^r than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the name at both places.
SUNDAY. JULY 30.
I Sun rises 5:11 j
'Sun sets 7:20 ,
j Moon rises 11:58 p. m. j
30 ...
6:26
■ W
1:04
2:05
2:58
3:42
4:21
4:54
': h'tp " •
81 ...
1 ...
2 ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
H W
2 7:56
1 9:0«
.3 10:01
,51 10:42
,5! 11:19
,4i 11:50
! 3.9 12:t>9
4.0 1:14
4.4 2:16
4.5 3:10
4.8| 3:53
6.1 4:41
1.1
t.c
3.1
.?.'••
2.9
l.f
8:44 5.9
7:40! 5.9
S:Z2I 5.8
9:20' B.S !
10:06 5.8 I
I 10:49: 5.7 ;
!•§
NOTE— In the above exposition of tfie tides ,
the ea'ly morning tides are given In the left I
hand column and the successive tides of the I
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The j
Kerond time column gives the second tide of
I the day. the third time column the third tide
1 and the last or right hand column gives the
i last tide of the day. excepi when there ar.- but
i three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights I
I given are additions to the soundings on the <
I United State" Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— ) precedes the heieht. j
and th.-n the number given is subtracted from i
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference lp the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMEUS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Chas. Nelson St. Michael IJuly 30
Samoa Tacoma July 30
Curacao Mexico : |July 30
! City of Peking, and Japan July SO
i Aloha Point Arena July 30
I Coqullle River.. Harbor July 3u
i Gaelic ....(China and Japan IJuly 30 I
City of Sydney. (Panama July Sf> ;
Washtenaw ....|Tacoma July 30 i
' City of Puebla. Victoria * P'leet Hound .Inly Si
Crescent City... Crescent City July 31 ,
Santa Rosa San Diego iJuly 31
Pomona Humboldt July 31 '
! Sunol Grays? Harbor lAug. 1
■ Mackinaw ...... Tacoma Aug. 1
New-hunt Grays Harbor Aug. 1
St Paul St. Michael.. AUK. 1
; Robt. Adamson. Nanaimo Aug. 1
j Baracouta |Acapulco Aug. 2
1 Arcata ICoos Bay Aug. 2
North Fork Humboldt ! Aug. 2
I Empire Coos Bay Aug. 3
i Weeott Humboldt •■ Aug. 3
I Coos Bay Newport Aug. 3
Cleveland ...... Pujcet Sound...; Aug. 3 ■
State California Portland Aug. 3 I
Progreso Seattle Aug. 3
Corona San Diego Aug. 4
Point «Arena Point Arena Aug. *
: "Willamette Seattle Aug. 4
Bristol (Departure Bay lAug. 4
j Hongkong Maru China and Japan Aug. 3
Thyra IChlna and Japan... 'Aug. 5
! Bonita Newport Aug. 6
Walla Walla .. I Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 6
Fulton Portland Aug. 6
A. Blanchard... Cooa Bay Aug. 6
| Columbia I Portland ; Aug. S
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
I rmatilla .. Vie & Pitt Sd. July 30. 10 am Pier 9
i Weeott ....jHumboldt July 30, 2 pm Pier 13
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. 'July 31. 2 pm Pier 2
Bonlta 'Newport July 31. 9 am Pier 11
Aloha IPoint Arena..! July 31, 3 Pier 8
City F*k)ng|Ohln.i&Japan Aug. 1. 1 pmiPMSS
Brunswick .'Oregon Portß ! li 10 ami Pier 20
I Aloha ! Point Arena.. I Auk. 1, 3 Pier 2
Bertha St. Michael... I Aug. 1. 2 pm ( Pier 34
Samoa Humboldt 'Aug. 2, 10 am Pier 2
Santa Ro««!San Diego Aug. 2. 11 am Pier 11
Coqutlle R. Grays Harbor' Aug. 2, 2pm Pier 2S
Pomona ...IHumboldt Aug. 2, 2 pm Pier 9
Sunol (Grays Harbor Auk. 2,12 m Pier 13
Arcata ....ICoos Bay Aug. 4. 10 am Pier IS
Coos Bay... I Newport Aug. 4. 9 am Pier 11
City PueblalVlc & Pgt Sd. Aug. 4, 10 am;p!er 9
N'ewburg .. Grays Harbor: Auk. 4. 8pm1...
Corona San Diego Aug. 6. 11 am I Pier 11
State of Call Portland Aug. 6. 10 amlPler it
Steamer.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TV R. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 29, 1R99.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o"clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutf-nant Commander. U. S. .\'.. in charge.
SHIPPING ISTELLIGEJitE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. July 89.
Rtmr Columbia, Green, 57 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresch, SO hours from
Port Ludlow.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms, 10 days from
Gusymu and way ports.
Haw bk Diamond Head. Ward. 24 days from
Honolulu.
Br bk Ventura, Ahrens. 173 days from Ham
"sclir Bender Brothers, Wettel, 15 hours from
Bowens Landing.
CLEARED.
Saturday, July 29.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
pprklns & Co.
Stmr Santa Crux, Glolow. Santa Barbara;
Goodall, Perkins * Co.
Stmr I'matilla. Cousins, Victoria; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. „
Br ship Marlborough Hill, Lang, Queens
town; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
nktn Aroher, Calhr-un. Hilo: Welch & Co.
Brig Harriet G, Wayland, New Britain; J.
Wightman Jr. •
Schr Maid of Orleans, Johnson, Karluk;
Hume Bros. &. Himn.
SAILED.
Saturday, July 29.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego.
CHARTERB.
The Himalaya loads merchandise for Mel
bourne.
The Glory of the Seas loads coal at Comox
for this port.
The Inveramsay was chartered prior to ar
rival for Wheat to Europe, 323 6d.
SPOKEN.
July 24, lat 24 27 N, long 66 47 W— Ship Henry
B Hyde, from Hllo, for New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ST. MICHAEL— Cleared coastwise— July 10
— Srhr Ethel Zane. for Port Towns«?nd. July 11
— Stmr3 Lakmc and New England, for Seattle;
barge Yukon, tor Circle City. July 13— Stmr
Lotta Tnllxrt. for Circle City; burgp C L
Hutchinson, for Eagle City. July 14— Stmr
Elihu Thomson, for Seattle. July I,"— Stmr
Sarah, for Circle City; barge St. Michael, for
Fort Gibbon. July 16— Stmr Alice, for Circle
City. Cleared foreign— July s— Stmr Sovereign,
for Dawson. July 6— Stmr St. Michael, for
Dawson. July 7— Stmrn John Cudahy and
Hannah, for Dawson. July B— Stmrs Monarch,
Victoria, Bella and T C Power, for Dawson;
barge St. Michael No. 10, for Dawson; Br
gtmr Garanne. for Vancouver. July 9— Stmr
Linda and barge Bear, lor Dawson. July 11—
Stmrs Robert Kerr and Seattle No. 1, barges '
No. 3 and Mlnnook, for Dawson: stmr Empire,
barge Seattle No. 4 and stmr Seattle No. 3,
for Dawson. July 13— Stmr Charles H Hamil
ton and barge C L Hutchinson, for Dawson:
Bchr Louise J. Kenney. whaling voyage. July j
14— Stmr Leon, barge Lynx and stmr Milwau- i
kee, for Dawson. July 15— Stmr Leah, barge !
8t- Michael No. 3 and stmr Barah, for Dawson. '
Arrived July s— Stmrs John Cudahy and T C '
Power, ffom Dawson. July 6 — Stmr Bella and
barge No. 3, from Dawson. July !V— Stmr
Sarah, from Dawson; bk Agate, from Nanai
; mo. July 10— Stmr City Paris, from Unaiaska; j
AUCTION SALES.
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD,
Auctioneer, 927 Market street. Tel. South 760.
TO-MORROW.
MONDAY ....JULY 31, 1899.
At U o'clock a. m., on premises,
. . I Will Sell
THE ENTIRE FURNISHINGS of the FORTY-
FIVE ROOMS of the RALSTON HOUSE,
No. 1222 PINE STREET, near Leavenworth.
Large quantity upholstered Chairs, Rockers,
Lounßes, *C niches and Divans, Curtains, Por-
tieres. Parlor Tables and Desks, Polished Oak
Chamber Suits. Bureaus, Folding Beds. Chif-
foniers, best Spring and Hard Top Mattresses,
Feather Pillows, White Blankets, Art Squares,
Carpets and Ruks, live Oak Extension Tables,
Sideboards, choice Cutlery, Crockery. Glass
and Plated Ware, etc.
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
5~R> £?5> sas
\A/. F». McCORD
With Carload of
DRAY. RIDING AND DRIVING
HORSES
f\T AUCTION,
At 11 o'clock A. M.
THURSDAY AUGUST 3, 1899
CHASE & MENDENHALL.
1732 Market street, near Van Ness avenue.
stmr Leah and barge St. Michael No. 2, from
Dawwra. July m— Stmr Hideout, frnm Daw
son; ChU stmr Fearless, from whaling cruise.
July 14— Stmr Ix>ulse. from Dawson; barge St.
Michael No. .'., from Dvnos, July IS— Stmr
Alexander, from whaling cruise. Arrived
coastwise— July 4— Kktn Catherine Sudden,
from San Francisco; barge No. 4, from Seat
tle. July B—Stmra8 — Stmra St. and Paul and AiHnn.
from San Francisco; bk Hunter, from Seattle.
July ;>— Stmr New England, from Seattle.
July 10— Stmr Charles Nelson, from San Fran
cisco; stmr Quickstep, from Seattle. July 11 —
Bchr Fischer Bros., from Seattle. July IS—
Schr Salvator, from San Francisco. July 13 —
Schra Carrier Dove and Louise J Kenney, from
Seattle; schr A M Baxter, from San Francis
co. July 16— V S stmr Rush, from San Fran
cisco; stmr Annie X Fay. from Unalaska.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 29— Stmr
Slsna!. for Astoria.
Sailed outward July 29— Gr bk Prompt, for
Hamburg.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived July 26— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
Sailed July 2C— Stmr Advance, for New York.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed July 23— Schr J M
Weath«rwai, for Puget Sound.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 27— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, hence July 6.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
|L^ Steamers • leave Broadway
nSfik-^ vrharf, San Francisco:
it KK&BPk. F " r Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
1 WcSlik July 2r> - 30, August 4. changa
{ ffesH Jal For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
\ HuCn^Bl c ■)• Pert Town?end, Seattl*,
I^^^^^^HR Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
• an New Whateom (Wash.).
10 a. m., July 25, 30. August
4 and every fifth day thereafter: change at
S-attle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G N Ry. at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. at
! Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., July
i 13. 28, August 2, and every fifth day there-
* Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota.' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport; 9 a. m.. July 23. 27. 31, August 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford »San Luis Obippo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m. July 25. 29. August 2. and every fourth day
* Fc^Eußenada. Magdalona Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Maitatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
I nn<l 'Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to cbanga
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing. • '
TICKET OKFICR —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen^ Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & n. CO.
©ISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC «12 Flrat Class Including Bert*
lAnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
! STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
| .; ..7. July 27. Aug. 6. 16. 26, Sept 5.
1 COLUMBIA Bails ....Aug. 1, 11. 21. 31, Sept. 10.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwes^
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..^^^
AMERICAN LINE.
NEw* TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York.... August 2 New York.... 21
St. LouU August 9 St. Louis August 80
St. Paul .....August 16.
\ RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Adria July 26 1 Kensington ....Aug. 1«
Southwark ..August 2 Noordland Aug. 2t
Westernland ...Aug. 9
x EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.
FOR ST. MICHAEL, GOLOVTN BAY, CAPB
NOME. DAWSON AND ALI. POINTB
ON YUKON RIVER.
The New Steamer
BERTHA
Will leave San Francisco about August 1 for
above points, making prompt connections with
our river steamers on the Yukon River.
For freight, passage and further information
apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome St.. San Francisco. Cal.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioga). Nagasaki and Shanghai, &nd
connecting at Hongkong with «teamer» for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Wednesday, July 21
HONOKONO MARU Thursday. Aummt 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday, September 1J
Kound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For .
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
®ioßiiMß< S. S. Moana sails
l aSfcOHlSlvia Honolulu and
i •t""" *Aucklan.l for Sydney
y ™ Wednesday, August 9.
Ja^/l- > at 10 p. m.
>twmMlln<J Tno s - s - Australia
CylKll!DlHl' <1/ aiis for Honolulu
«^rnFfflf)L L -^ August 25,
tr-.5? V<JlllPUl«>r at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montaomem
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 0tf1ce.327 Market St.
COHPAQNIE GENERALS TBANSATLAHTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every £ No U h ay RWer ff oota ot m. ♦Jjffrll}
from Pier 42, North River, foot of ~- "_"-:
Morton st. LA TOURAINE .August : 5; LA
CHAMPAGNE. August 12: LA BRETAtrJNk.
August IP; LA NORMANDIE. August 26;
LA TOURAINE. Sept. 2. ! First-class to Havre
165 and upward. 6 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second-Class to Havre $4.. 10 per cent re-
duction on round trip." GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED \TES AND CANADA. 33
Brwrtway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB BTEAMBBS. _.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a, m.
dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday eicepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at • S p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday). AND IMP . Co .
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. ; ■ _
" FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." -
MON. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:48,
a. m.. 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., I
p in. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. ' Telephone Main 1508.
; FARC Ma
1920
THE EMERGENCY
HOSPITALS MAY
BE ABOLISHED
Health Board Projects
Many Changes.
WILL BE DECIDED TOMORROW
DR. BABBAT AND OTHERS TO
LOSE THEIR HEADS.
Discharge of Employes Planned Be
ce.use of Auditor Wells' Action
in Holding Up This
Month's Salary.
The '.aw which compelled Auditor Wells j
to refuse to gn a number of the salary
ciaims of tho employes of the Board of
Health proves to be more far reaching
In its effect upon the employes them- |
Eolvee and upon the public welfare than \
was at first supposed. if the condition
that now presents itself to the board is
maintained by the courts when the innt
ter shall come to trial the health of San
Francisco and the many conditions that
depend vi on it will be Jeopardized.
The withholding of all salaries save
those of employes employed by the Health
Department under the provisions of the
Statutes means simply the sing of the |
two branch hospitals, the Harbor Hospital
and that at Iden Gate Park, the oblit- I
eration of the ambulance rvice in emer
gency calls, the chemical analysis of foods
Bold in the city's markets and the bacteri
ological tests necessary to the maintaln
ing- of a successful quarantine in times of
epidemic. It means also that free vacci
nation, which has be< n going on for the
past month, will be stopped, as the law
provides no salary for the vaccinating
officer or funds for his medical supplies.
These results of the enforcement of the
law are neither the fault of Auditor Wells
Hor of the Board of Health. Both offices
are compelled to rate along the lines
>aid down by statute, an statute does
liot give to the Health Department an
appropriation to be used in the payment
cf officers and mployes that the health of
*he city may most need; It merely names
certain i tions that must be filled, j
•whether they are needed or not. The j
Statute does not provide for any of the
Burgeons and ambulance drivers for either
Jhe Park or Harbor Hospitals, nor does
It provide for the other departments. It
allows a bare working force for the main
ioffice, and inspectors to a number in
adequate to the mitary needs of the
city. Auditor Wells hns been forced to
close the treasury to all demands save
those of the law, and the Board of Health
Js mpelled to discharge all employes
tave those provided for and abolish th
•positions and departments they ha\
Jilled.
A meeting to discuss ways and means
vas held at the /lealth office in the Cit
Tiall yesterday. A number of the mem
bers of the board were present, anc
though their conference was secret it be
came" known later that the board planned
tr> discharge on Monday all employes
vhnse warrants the Auditor had refuse
to sign. Some unforeseen political circum
stance may arise to change this plan, but
«fter the meeting yesterday this course
•was decided upon as the only way on
of the difficulty, and it will be broached
on Monday when the whole board meets.
"The law Is plain, before us." said a
prominent member of the board yester
day, "and we cannot and will not fight
•the law. Auditor Wells ha.= been com
pelled to refuse these claims and has
jiolmed out to us the statute under which
■\v> must operate. A contrary course is
■optional with neither of us. These em
jjloyes whose Balaries have been declared
illegal cannot work without pay, and the
only thing remaining for us to do Is to
Siotify them their services are dispensed
fsvith, even though it cripples th* work of
the department. The board will bring-
T.o proceedings."
Although the board will not go to law,
•Goorge K. MacPherson, the vaccinator,
fwill sue for writ of mandamus.
Thip decision of the board will result in
rthe abolition of the following positions
Assistant police surgeons at the park an
liarbor hospitals, Drs. W. 1-. Dorr. William
■C. Hopper, J. I. Stephen. F. B. Robinson.
(Chief Food Inspector L/Ouis A. Devoto;
[Bacteriologist William F. Barbat: Vacci
Jiator George E. MacPherson- Chemist A.
C 80-the: Assistant Chemist R. A. Gould:
IBtatisnicrion E. B. Carroll; Clerk of Vital
RtatL«tics Fred C. Borekman; Food In
spectors John F. Murray, J. R. Breeze.
■John J. Sullivan, C. M. Erckson. John
rrhompson. J. F. Lahaney and George 11.
T<yan; Health Inspectors J. \V. Crowe and
51. T. Smith; Bakery Inspector ,T. T
fwaehlngton; Veterinary Surgeon I. W.
hb'Rourke; Plumbing Inspectors J. D.
[Nolan, W. IT. Kelly and J. J. Connolly;
Oarbage Inspectora W. Gregg and G.
Ouneo: Clerk to Health Ofßcer R. M
JJon^s; Stenographer Mrs. M. Turner;
EA.SBlstarrt Market Inspector I>. W. Hol
|ingsworth; Ambulance Driver? N*. J. Pe,n
dTgast. J. W. Kelly, Charles Kaplan and
I%V. R. Clunne-ss; Janitor <.f Health De
npartment J. Berliner; Janitor of Health
(f>fnce R. I* Tyrrell; Matrons at Harbor
land Park Hospitals Mrs. S. N. Rped. Ellen
tfUwett. Nellie Wynne and Mrs. Bessie
Eddy.
' Quarantine Off.r^r Cr.hpn'p position will
jfi» rendered a sinecure by the discharge
r>f all the officers of the quarantine launch
fßii<l the messenger. These will be Captain
jef the I^aunch P. McGowan. Engineer R.
(Couslnp. Deckhand .T. C. Johnson. I^ons
tJohn Wilki the ■ -'p> messenger of the
quarantine tment. is last on the list.
|l ADVERTISEMENTS.
ffi>— ->___ /f^\ The wolf of
r «jnsflHV§»\i^- />& )j ? tarvation
howls at the
/^dSi •*S^L^f doors of thou-
c£±t^7?X\ JsS^gfc C^> sands of men
f- ■V v V4Bjffljk who are wr-11
to do and sur-
y^tf rounded b ?
'*>&■ health, in the
/ "^ W majority of
"* -■ cases, is starva-
.W'— s /■'*" \ tion, pure and
TO'SfJSsiinple. It
\ ? X v means that
I 1, (^.\ body, brain,
- ■■■■;/ «V^ nerve, bone
~Z ]/ "*nX ? n " sinew are
improperly or
insufficiency nourished. Improper, insuf-
ficient nourishment is starvation.
When a man's head aches it i« because
the tissues of the brain do not receive
sufficient nourishment from the blood, or re-
reive impure and unhealthy nourishment.
When a man gets nervous and sleepless, it
mean? that the blood is not properly nour-
ishing the nerves. When his skin breaks
out with blotches arid pimples and erup-
tions, it means that the skin is being fed
upon the impurities of the blood. Almost
every known disease is primarily due to
improper nourishment through the blood,
which is the life- stream. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery is the greatest
of all blood-makers and purifiers. It gives
edge to the appetite, corrects all disorders
of th>- digestion, makes the assimilation of
the life-giving elements of the food per-
fect, invigorates the liver, promotes secre-
tion and excretion, and vitalizes the whole
body. It makes firm, muscular flesh, but
does not make corpulent people more cor-
pulent. It cures 98 per cent, of all cases
of lingering coughs, bronchial, throat and
kindred affections, which, if neglected,
lead up to consumption. It is the best of
all nerve tonics and restoratives. Kept by
all medicine dealers.
" I was taken ill in February, 1892, with head-
ache aud pain in my back," writes H. Oaddls,
Esq., of 313 South J Street, Tacoma, Wash. "I
called in a doctor and he came three times. He
said I was bilious but I kept getting worse ; I
took a cou>;h bo that I could not sleep, only by
being propped up in bed. My lungs hurt me,
and I got so poor that I was just skin and bone.
I thought I was going to die. I used two bottles
of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and it
made me sound and well. It saved my life."
No remedy relieves constipation so
quickly and effectively as Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets. They never gripe.
Haie's. 1 ___JE^si _^!~_____iE!!i!!!u ~~L~ S* 1 !-'*^^^^ L__ ----? ale>a -.._. L^^^^^^^Si 6^^^^^--.
for eveiV economical i ni^al iibrnia^iS '
%^£P*OiS2P <»Cy-iP<x** vSilaM.tb think al^Kit^^Ss^^S^
school supplies. tf^ JSS/ jWf a v, JLiS^iaSLISPSta #K^^k
Schoo. bass, aU *»**-^™^f^«^ /SI GOOi) GilOi>S>^o>^ < ' «>• fanVwouVd be pretty r^ecorat-
Fiag'plate pencils, 100 in box IT.c each - ' IT '^^ HM %r%rM^^t^^ I ng r>urr ° ' : handy on a summer jaunt.
935'937«939-941.943-945-947 Market Street.
dress goods, ladies and domestic laces and
Colored Sl^lhls I to be one of he Children. doings. notions.
t^^S^S^^SS^^'^l some ood news. some substantial saving. S!^2S!r!Sr 1
make a swell walking suit; now being shown at Ladles' Natural Gray. Wool-Knit Underwear; the flan- 1275 yards Organdie-A dainty 30-inch fabric: pretty 3 yards In a%iec"; at Hole's od colors but Bc^iSi
Hales SOC yard ne l kind; nice and warm: new improved seams; ribbed ttle floral Patterns on a white ground; neat as can be Souta ,, R* . • iaies • '"Z^* piece
Fancy Covert Suiting-Some stylish plaid covert in vests; pearl but tons; a superior garment; specially good flne weaves; the 10c and 12% c quality, at Hales.... 1— f ou h ta 5 h JSuSt* rJ^f J^ S 'h' , al -, s arlPS to
the new shades for fall; 42 inches wide; now being f r Sa * Francisco Weather sizes ''° to 44 7Tio Zephyr Gingham-A Hne. heavy Gingham: 32 inches matcn tne popular dress goods; at Haie's. l oc piece
Khown -t TTtlp's 7."»p yard irancisco weatner, sizes mto 44 <oc Zephyr Gingham— A fine, heavy Gingham; 32 inches Lades' Fancy Top Side Combs- the *>0r and 2v»
«\c \V>; ',; f";^ ;■■'•= n!,c, ISO Misses' Fine Egyptian Cotton Combination Suits; wide, in checks and stripes; dainty shadings for shirtwaists kind; at Hale ' s y P °' C tomMl the "OcOn d JSS
Black Satin Duchess-One of the season s most medlura we ight; button down the front: pearl buttons; and summer dresses; some of the choicest colorings we a n !, w "tr f tt '■""' •••■••••..... .. ••••••»« P a^
popular fabrics for suits; we fortunately placed covered sea ms; age 3to 12 years; a neat little garment at have ever s»en in the gingham line- a good 12% c value; Columbia Knitting Silks-Nearly all the desired
our order before the advance on silk and can conse- Hale S 39c a garment at Haie's gmgnam nne, a. guv Sc yard shades; a big assortment at Haie's .lOc spool
?n U^ t iLr t of IP^^1 P^^p th JnV"finllh ery ft e p| Ipea1 pean 3 t 'iVacelTrimmed Muslin' Drawers; V soft, heavy lA , n . ""'l'. ■""."" V ' '*" . tho Silk Tassels-Pretty for fancy work; good shades; 3
hllr a deen r h black J 81 A vtrd muriln; cut wide with 3%-inch ruffle around bottom edged I°°° al ; ds Pique-Medium-size cord; probably the , ncnes -long;.worth ISc; at Haie's J>c dozen
fabric, a deep rich black tf>l -J» >ara wS lace- a snap at Hale's »r,, each most popular summer fabric of the year; the 12MjC qual- rnitnn Rail Tirancrv ™r.--Al, the suitabl.
Black Peau de Soie-A heavy double face satin *«tn lace, a snap at Hale s •• -oc eacn Haie's lOc yard Cotton Ball Drapery Frinee — All the suitable
fabric; to be one of the most popular silks for fall f Children's Muslin Drawers-Heavy, soft-finish muslin; liy ' at " clie • shades; at Hales 3c dozen
costumes; fuil 21 Inches wide: a very superior qual- felled seams; a cluster of tucks and &-inch hem; ages 2 2580 yards Flannelette— A very heavy, .fleecy Flan- Pillow Tops— Only 2 -dozen left; IS inches square."
ity; now being shown at Haie's '....#1 5(1 yard t0 12 years. at Haie's I' 2 1-^c pair nelette in small plaid patterns and stripes; 28 Inches with a 4 inch ruffle; neat as wax; novelty designs;
Children's Fast-Black Cotton Hose— Fine ribbed; extra wide; not the flimsy kind, but an excellent quality: at at Haie's Sloe each
**-»<=»■-* onH hn%/C I double knees, toes and heels: a good stocking for school Haie's 7c yard 1250 Yards Lace, including Normandy, point de Paris
lIIWII dUU UUVS>« wear; sizes bto9; at Hales lOe pair Towels— Nearly 4000 Huck Towels- 16x31 inches- and machine made laces from 3 to 5 Inches wide;
some savins. Misses' Fine Ribbed Black Lisle-Finish Hose-Double flne H eaV e and fringed landed at a lowered cost at i values averaging 15c; here is a snap at Haie's '.
Boys' Silk TindT Tie^s "irh an elasticband: plain | heels, soles and toes; a stocking without a seam: sizes 6 £j" e " ea^ a " d j f"J|| iJSfiTLFtZ 10c' this lot unfil j ..»». • •• -^ • ••■;•- Oc yard
Boys Silk Windsor Ties with an elasticband: plain to 9- a 25c value- at Haie's lOc nair Hales, tne kind tnat usually sens ior iuc, tins 101 unui ___-<--< !.-<-■
black. white, pink, light blue, orange and lavender: ' " '&t Hale 8 IJC Pa r Bold *1 dozen We have ust received our new line of pique walking
vorthlSc; the lot until sold 5c each _■_• . __.„.._ Checked Glass Toweling-4500 yards. 15 inches wide; ■*£?«£ tt?*'^ SclnenTSove^or we^^a^eader
Men's Unbleached Cotton Socks-A good quality, SniPt WalStS our popular TUc quality; on the counters until 501d...0c yd J^Haie^s to ... .'.?. ... . ?! ... gloxe tor wear, a ieaa^r
in sizes 9. 9%, 11, 11% only; they were bought to sell ««^l White Blankets-California makes the best Blankets at Clasp Pique Walking Gloves-Good value in tan.
at 12% c and 1C 2-3 c. at Hales." lOc pair ««H /-l^«l^c* White Blankets-California makes the best Blankets 2 Clasp piqup Wa i k lng Gloves-Good value in tan.
Men White Laundered Shirts-Pique boson,. 3110 CIOaKS. In the world and these are CaJHto "^BJj*^^-Skrt? mode, brown, red and white, at Hale's S»c pair
heavy muslin bodyr open back and front; a cracker- , . California woo Ik bound; a fine. h <*Yi£fZ?cZ}?£™U ' 1.-.'-S <
jack shirt forU; reduced to close at Haie's. 63c each some reductions, warm as toast; Blankets that have made Hale s California . J|U n p» v
J _. , stores famous; pink or blue borders: llllJllllWlV* .--
Shirt Waists— A good assortment of Percale and Lawn „ ot -— ' „o< tfC _„ „_. o. r| m ■■■■■«■■■ »J •
I^ll^'V r r : 13r' Shirt Waists in checks, stripes and small figures; up to .2x^4. .Jj»<» oil 76x84. «M» <0x63..j^.» o*» some prices cut. ■ ; '
KPIMS9J WCl^aai • date in stylei cut and finish: linen collars and cuffs: sizes Better grades in plain and jacquard borders; selected sailor Hats— ln Panama and Milan straws. A
some snaps. 32 to 42: a special clean up of this lino 35c. each woo 15, $18, $20 pair 1 broken ne slightly soiled; a little lemon juice will
Combination Wire Sponge and Soap Racks— Duc^ Skirts— lnteresting values in Pique and Duck i«oo Pillow Cases— 4sx36 inches- a good strong case for ! clean them up; were used for. window displays; for-
Handy in any home 14- Skirts throughout the cloak department; end of the season * ™ r^JSlnlSJwlwe; a snap?? Half's until sold | merly sold for 75c, $1. $125; any hat in the lot until
Wire Bowl Strainers; a big size for a kitchen, at reductions on nianj lines. ■= ' 7 l-2c each sold ■ 25c
j} a l e - s r*v Heavy Covert Cloth Skirts, reduced to JjU OO each The Duchess Hat— A stylish black straw walking
Japanned Cuspidors— Assorted colors; good for Pique Skirts that sold for $4. reduced t0... ?2 2o each Baby " Comforters-A nice, warm Comforter for the lit- hat f ttily trimmed with ..velvet, quills., fancy
boarding- houses and hotels, in fact handy most any White Duck Skirts, with blue trimmings, reduced to tle tott; 86x48 nches: Prettily figured Bllkoime covering. brald ' ornaments and flowers; a neat little hat; now
place; a snap at Hale's 5c ...SI l>r, each pure white cotton filled; wool knotted: at Hale 5..0,»c each belng sh own at Haie's S3 OO
2 Inch Paper Mache wash basins— Better to handle A snap in Calico Wrappers; medium and light shades; White Blankets— An all-wool Blanket (and when we Straw Braids— All the desirable shades, now sell-
than tin; neat as wax; at Haie's 12c well made, with ruffle and braid trimmings; a good little say ail wool that means every thread wool), double-bed ing for ••••• «>c yard
. + ' garment for summer wear; one of the snaps nt Haie's Blze; 72x4S inches; pink or blue border; a blanket that has a.. . +<
this week 05c each been selling for $4 50; at Haie's .*.'* t o pair
I these lines made Haie's goods 53 Kimonas— The popular dressing sacque of the day: White Blankets— An all-wool white Blanket; good, ; new ca talo£ free— About August 25th
I famous— affidavit collars for men— 2loo easy to slip on: neat as can be; blue and white, pink and heavy weight; pink or blue jacquard border: for %or full- ... . rMH tn nH ollt our „„«. cata .
linen— loc. The great H. B. dollar ove for white and lavender and white; we opened the season with Eize b ed: superior wool- an elegant Blanket: we Wlil be read to send out our new Ca
ladies. The famous Cresco corsets. Deimel these at $1 50; we close at a snap of a price.. . »Sc each ' *- OO '2x90 »<J OO # los ' Send in your names now. Only for
linen- mesh underwear. California blankets. 25 Jackets at a big saving; black, blue or tan cheviot. MXM * 7> '* " * T out-of-town peop:e
Fine linens Kersey or whipcords: Jackets that sold for $10 and $12 50, 560 White Crochet Bedspreads— Full-sized Spread?.
reduced to So; Jackets that sold for $16 and $16 f>o re- hemmed and ready for use: Marseilles pattern; heavy 3- j ._»
+ — + duced to }?(> <{."» each ply yarn: the 90c quality, reduced to 7oc 1 •♦■ "▼"
school books (primary and higrh school) and school supplies of every kind— Haie's prices rule.
KILLED HIMSELF TO
AVOID A SLOW DEATH
TRAGIC SUICIDE OF A MARINE
HOSPITAL. PATIENT.
Frederick Lindsell Asked Leave of
Absence to Visit His Wife and
Sent a Revolver Bullet
Into His Heart.
Frederick TJnrtpell, a sailor who re
turned from Manila recently on the Gov
ernment tranFi>orT Valencia, committed
suicide last Thursday by shooting himself
through the heart with a revolver.
Lindsell had been hopelessly am
■with consumption, and on May 20 he was
?ent to the Marine Hospital for treatment.
He was very despondent over his condi
tion and threw out hints to his mates
that he would kill himself ra.h.-r than
die a lingering death. He asked for a.nd
received a permit last Thursday forenoon
for leave of absence until 5 p. m. for the
purpose of visiting his wife at 432 Vallejo
In the rear. He was not seen troin
[me he left the building until Friday
afternoon when some boys say. him in
the bushes at the junction of Thirteenth
avenue and l-.ke streets. They thought
that he was asleep and paid no further
attention. Pending the hody in the same
I'ia'-e yesterday, they notified the Marine
Hospital authorities and the body was
Identified as that of Lindsell. There wa_<*
a bullet wound in the r<-pion of the heart
and a revolver with one of the chambers
containing an empty shell lay by his side.
Lindsell v«p n native of England. 40
year? old. The body was taken to thf-
Morgue.
COURT NOTES.
Judge Treadwell has followed the fame
course as Judges Conlan and Mogan. and
yesterday lie dismissed the cases of J. J.
Dunn, Bessie Rlfkin. G. Hatch, I,eon De
vllle, A. McGinty and Joseph O'Brien,
street orators, and their sympathizers,
charged with refusing to "move on."
Lawrence Forrester, the boy who broke
open a poorbox at the depot. Third and
Townsend streets, and stole 93 cents, was
i yesterday sent to the Boys' and Girlß'
Aid Society by Judge Mogan. I^awrence's
companion, James McDermott, has not
'■ vet been captured.
* F. E. Rockstroh, a druggist, Seventh
' and Howard streets, appeared in Judge
Treadwell's court yesterday on charges
of selling opium to John Keenan on V ri
i day night without a physician's precrlp
! tion, also for failing to register the sale.
The case waa continued.
John Barron, a lodging-house keeper on
; Howard street near First, and one of his
i roomers, Mrs. Hannah Talbot, who lias
! a restaurant under the lodging-house, are
! airing their troubles in Judge Treadwell'fl
j court. On Thursday a charge of malicious
1 mischief brought by Barron against Mrs.
Talbot for breaking In the door of her
room because Barron kept the key was
dismissed. Yesterday morning Mrs. Tal
boi got a warrant for Barron's arrest for
' battery. She accuses him of entering her
I restaurant yesterday morning and, after
. threatening:" her with a hamper, he
; Blapped her face.
The case of Robert Shaekelton, charged
! with robbery for stealing a gold pin from
. Mrs. Ellen Williams, wife of a Deputy
County Clerk, in the dining-room adjoin
i ing a saloon at Twenty-fourth and York
! streets, was dismissed by Judge Treadwell
; yesterday, the Judge remarking that the
defendant was honorably discharged.
Dan Lafferty, a Bernal Heights hood
- lum, who was sentenced by Judge Tread
: well on Thursday to nix months In the
: County Jail for battery upon William
: Price and his wife, got an additional three
I months yesterday on a second charge.
i His attorney gave notice of appeal in
both cases and his bonds were fixed at
' $1000 each.
Uellft Perry, the "tough" girl who was
convicted of vagrancy by Judge Con lan on
Friday, was sentenced to three months
in the County Jail yesterday. Her com
panion, C D. Bersee. for having a con
cealed weapon In his possession was fined
$150, with the alternative of 150 days in
ih<> « Viimiy Jail.
Georßn U Osgood, the whisky drummer
charged with bigamy, appeared in Judge
Mogaifs court yt-sterday and the case was
continued till Wednesday. He was yester
day booked on an additional charge of
bigamy, the complaining witness being
Richard Bourne of 26 Second street,
whose daughter Osgood married on July
9, 18M.
Luke L. Battles, gardener Jn the Alta
plaza, appeared in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday on the charge of failing to pro
vide for his young wife and child. He
Dromised to pay uo next Tuesday and the
THE SA2* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 30, 1899.
Judsre continued the case until Wednes
day.
Mrs. Annie Ross, wife of a clerk in the .
g Valley Water Works, who was
convicted on Friday by .Tudgn Mogan on
a charge of petty larceny for stealing
articles from Mrs. Ash. 908 O'Farrell
street, was also convicted yesterday on
arge of obtaining goods by false
pretenses from Levin Bros., grocers. Mar
ket street. Sentence in both cases was
deferred till next Friday.
RIGHTS OF A JURY.
Supreme Court Favors the Freedom
of Thought and Speech.
A decision has been handed down by tlir
me Court in which it Is held that
statements of Jurors in the jury-room
after they have retired to deliberate on a
verdict arj confidential and not intended
for the ears of listening deputy sheriffs
it other people. The court reaches this
decision while ."ifTirming the judgment of
- iperior Court denying a new 'rial
in the case of Edward Saltzmai: againsi
the Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany. Saltzman brought suit against the
company to recover damnce? for personal
Injuries. The jury gave judgment against
him, and lie made a motion for a new
trial. To Bupport the motion various affi
davits of misconduct on the pnrt of jurors
were filed. Among them was one made by
the deputy sheriff having the jury in
charge In which it is> set forth that one
of the jurors said that if tht-y did not
agree on a verdict they would get no
money, and rather than face such a ca
lamity he would agTee to any verdict.
Another juror, the deputy testified, while
all were In a restaurant, rang up some
party on the telepl|pne and gave Instruc
tions regarding his personal business. In
reviewing the case the Supreme Court
held that although the telephone conver
sation should not have been allowed, tlie
conversation In the jury-room was confi
dential and could not properly be used
on a motion for a new trial, as drawing
jurors up for such acts detracts from the
freedom of thought and speech in a jury,
which is not in keeping with our Institu
tions.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
E. A.
ln«r--".Soc
Church."
Thinking and L,lv!ng." Even-
iallsm and the Christian
with baptismal service.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Gibson.
Hamilton Square BaptUt. Post street, near
Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
—i : _ . 4>
Morning— "The Fare of Jesus." Evening •«>
, — "Those Who Overcome." <•>
, __. - <»>
Morning— Preaching by Dr. T. G. Brown- ■$>
son, president of California College. <£■
— . _ <s>
Morning— Rev. P. G. Butler will preach on <»>
"Prayer" nt 10:30: solemn high mass. <S>
Evening— Sermon by Rev. Vincent Chlap- &
pa, S. J. <3>
St. Igmatlus, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's (Paullst), Dupont and California
streets— Paullst Fathers.
Morning ßev. Father Wyman will preach <$>
at the 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Rev. <?►
Father Younan will deliver the discourse. <?>
: v «>
Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:30, Rev. •*>
Father T^ynch celebrant; special musical •*•
programme. Evening— Vespers and ser- <*■
mon by one of the Fathers. <$>
, <j-.
Morning— Solemn high mass at 10:.T); sermon <*>
by one of the Fathers. Evening- Solemn <s>
vesper?; sermon by one of the Fathers. <♦>
. — <s»
St. James, Twenty-third and
streets— Rev. P. R. I-ynch.
Guerrero
St Mary*» Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prendergast.
V. O.
St. Patrick's, Mission street. between
Third and Fourth— Rev. Father Cum-
ralnprs.
Mnrnincr- Sermon by Father OHara at 10:30
ninps. Evening-Sermon by one of the
Fnt!:ers.
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue
and Clement street — Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning --"Serving- God Continually." Even-
ing- "The Power of the Imagination."
OUvet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Morning— "lndividual Supremacy."
ing— "Obligations of j citizenship."
Even-
St. Luke's Episcopal, corner Van Ness ave-
nue and Clay street — Bishop Moreland.
rector.
First Congregational, corner Post and Ma-
son streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, be-
tween Mission and Valencia.
First Christian. Twelfth street, near Mis-
sion— Rev. Prank S. Ford.
Morning— Services appropriate to the semi- ■$>
centennial anniversary of the church. <*>
Evening— Addresses by clergymen and lay- <•>
men. '• ' ' ■ - ♦
. : — &,
Morning- "Th» ' Chemistry of Success." .<*>
Evening— "The Man Who Would B» <*»
King." .-r: -? 4
j — _ - , . _. <$.
Morning— Chaplain Gilbert of Second Oregon <*>
will preach. Evening — Mrs. Mattle A. <*>
Bridge will lecture on "Social Breakers." <*>
— i '■ ; . <§,
Morning— communion at 8 o'clock; <*>
morning prayer and sermon at 11. Even- <*>
Ing— Rev. W. C. Shaw will deliver ser- •*>
mon on "Henry VIII and the Church of <*>
England." • ■*>
— : — ; — .♦■
— Sunday school at 9:4f>; morning ■-*>
prayer at 11. Evening— Evensong at 8. • ■*.
4
. . . >
— Sunday school at 9:30 o'clock. <$>
Evening — Evensong at 8. •£
: __ . .
Morning— Holy communion at 7 o'clock; <*>
morning prayer at 11. Evening— Evensong <$>
tU 7:43. ♦
St. James Mission. Sixth avenue and Clem-
ent street, Richmond— Clergy of St. Steph-
en's.
Et. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street-
Clergy of St. Stephen*.
St. Stephen's, Flllmore and Fulton streets—
C'«rgj of St Steven's,
RETURN OF THE
COLORED MASCOT
PRIDE OF THE TWENTY-FOURTH
REGIMENT HERE AGAIN.
Je3ss Nevrmp.n Has Been "Moving
On" at Police Direction for
Two Years and Now He
Is Tired.
The pride and mascot of the Twenty
fourth (colored) Regiment of Tennessee,
little Jesse Newman, is back in San Fran
cisco, after various adventure? by Held
and flood. He is now in pleasant durance
at the Youths' Directory, having enjoyed
the hospitality of tin- Occidental Hotel for
several days. The colored mascot! who
lias been carving a name for himself in
the history of the pending war. has had a
chequen ■! career.
Two years ago he ran away from his
father in Chattanooga, Term., and. ac
cording to bis own statement. h»' lias since
then faithfully obeyed the Injunction of
the police in a hundred cities to "move
on."
"I'se done moved on till I be tired."
said the little fellow yesterday. "I left
Tennessee two year ago. when I be only
R years old, 'kase my fader whip me too
much. I made my way troo to dis city,
and den de colored regiment take ni. for
a mascot." Jesse pleaded entire igno
rance cf what mascots were, excepting
thnt he recollected that they were well
feu had pretty good times.
When the Twenty-fourth regulars left
here on the transport Sheridan Jesse went
along. Arrived at Honolulu, the colored
colonel refused to let him re-embark for
Manila. He stayed in the capital city of
Hawaii, and upon being challenged to
*how a $2<i bill and being unable to do so
he was again t"ld for the hundredth time
to "move on." and he was escorted to a
ship thnt sailed for San Francisco a few
weeks ago. On the vessel he me< Mr.
Wilder, a prominent man In the islands,
who took an imprest in the stranded n-.as
cot. When Mr Wilder reached here lie
had Jesse accompany him to the Occi
dental Hotel and kept him there for sev
eral days. Tt poes without saying thai
Jess.- was the cynosure of all eves. Mr.
Wilder'a business took him away from the
city, and the mascot was yesterday tern- !
pofarilv housed at the Youths' Directory,
where he is now aweing the peaceful boys
by recounting the deeds of derring-do
done by himself while in honorary com- j
man! of the gallant Twenty-fourth.
In his two years of wandering he has;
never paid a conductor fare. He haa vis-
Ited the principal American cities, and
has had as good a time as if the Mayors
thereof had offered him the keys of their
citk-s. !
N< W he iias tired of war and is wearied
of the police injunction to "move on." He \
is waiting for Mr. AYilder to return to the
city and tnl<e him hack to Honolulu,
where he ran live in one place, free of the :
savagery of war. the small feed of trans- '
ports and the dreaded injunction of the
( onstabularj ■
Coroner's Inquests.
Tl]f> rl^ath of Mrs. Maria Parente was
taken up by a Cnrnner's jury jresterday
morning. The testimony of Autopsy Sur- '
pr.<n Zabala was that the woman had j
riird of septic perotinltis following the un- ;
lawful use of lime?. Thp other witnesses j
fcave testimony tending to provo that the I
woman was t lie cause of her own death. |
The jury returned a verdict that the de- !
ceased < : ;mir> to hrr doatli at the hands of,
parties unknown.
In the oasfe of All <ium. the Chinese,
woman found murdered in a room at Sfin
Stockton street on tlie 2.".th of this month,
the verdict w;ts murder by unknown par- '
ties.
Mrs. Phallwatz's House Ransacked.
Mrs. Pliallwatz of fi2T T'nion street re
ported at the California-street police sta
tion yesterday afternoon that on the pre
vious night her house had been entered
by burglars, who stole a silk dress valued
at |150, three clocks, a pair of opera
glasses and a quantity of jewelry.
A detective with several clews was sent
on the trail.
German Evanselical Emmanuel Church,
corner Twelfth and Stevenson streets-
Rev. F. W. Fischer.
null) , nu!-n
:. S. Hanson.
.morning — ten ices hi no cidck; scrmgu uy i-
pastor. Evening— at 7; same. <^
, — <g>
Morning "The Friend of God." Evening— <£
"Holding Fast the Faith." . <$>
— <•>
Morning— "Ancient "Weapons for Present <$-
Use." Evening— "Spiritualism; or. King ■-**
Saul at the Witch's Cave." <j>
First English Lutheran, lSlfl Grary street,
near Umigh Rev. E. Neland»r.
Central Methodist Episcopal. Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh— Rev. Charles
Edward Locke.
Morning— "Pome Things Ab^ut Prayer." ■$
Evening- "Warnings From Career of Col- #
onel Ingersoll." ■$>
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon, 806 Stockton
street— Rev. T. Brown.
Morning— ""Why Should I Study the "Word <$>•
of God?" Evening— "Christ, the Carpen- <■?>
ter's Son." <J>
Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third-Rev. XV. E. Dugan.
Calvary Presbyterian. Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Bethel African M. E., Powell streat. near
Jackson— Rev. W. B. Anderson.
Howard M. E., Howard street, between
Second and Third— Rev. John A. B. Wii-
son.
Howard Presbyterian, corner Oak and Ba-
ker streets (Panhandle Golden Gate
I-ark)— Rev. J. S. Thomas.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening — <$>
Mrs Fanny M. Coppln of Philadelphia 4>
will deliver an address. <£
_ <$»
Morning— "The Attraction of Sacrifice." <$>
Evening— "The Passing: of Colonel Rob- i-
ert G. Ingersoll and Lessons From His A
Life and Religion"; special music. , <*•
— <*>
Morning— "The Forward March." Even- <«>
ing— "The Dying Robber Saved." <§>
. <«>
Morning— "Beauty." Evening— "Work Out •*•
What God Works In." <$>
! . _ <j,
Morning—Sermon by pastor and special <Jv
music. Evening— Welcome horn* to sol- #
fliers: address by Chaplain Gilbert of Sec- •*>
ond Oregon; patriotic song service. .£>
: <«>
Morning— "The Great Sacrifice." Evening— <«>
, "Christ at the Door." ■-' • .- •-..• -^ #
i
_ — _ .$>
Morning— "God's Law for all Nations." ■*-
Evening— "Jesus the Jew." <«>
- — — — ■ _ _ <$>
Afternoon— Gospel platform service at 3 <*■
o'clock; address by general secretary. $•
: <!!>
Morning?— " Spirit." All are welcome. 4>
<8>
, <«>
Morning— "Who May Abide the Day of His ;■
Coming." Evening — Preaching at 7:45. <$•
— _ /*>
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
Westminster Presbyterian— Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cry°r.
Young Men's Christian Association— Mason
and EHls streets.
First. Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter street, between Grant
avenue and Kearny street — The Bible and
6clence and Health, With Key to the
Scriptures.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Chrtst. 320
Post street— C. A. Perkins.
Seventh-Day Adventist, 814-916
street— Elder J. O. Corliss.
Laguna
<•>
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even- <*>
ing— "The M'-stery of God vs. the Mys- <*
tery of Iniquity." <$>
_ . . ---<*
Evening— Lecture by Miss E. J. Whittier; #
subject, "Occult Christianity." •$>
. — , ♦>
— "Agnosticism"; text. "If any man 4*
will do His will he shall know of the doc- <*-
trine." Evening— evening service. «>
Theosophlcal Society. 819 Market street.
First New Jerusalem fSwedenborglan). 1626
O'Farrell street— Rev. D. V. Bowen.
THREE JURORS SAY
SHE IS INNOCENT
MINNIE ADAMS' FATE NOT
YET DECIDED.
Judge Lawlor Orders the Sheriff to
Keep the Twelve Good Men and
True in His Keeping.
The jury which must determine the fate
of Mrs. Minnie Adams, charged wiih the
murder of her Infant son. John Richard
Cray, spent last night in confinement un
der the eyes of several Deputy Sheriffs.
When the case was called yesterday
morning .Judge Lawlor instructed the
.fury. His instructions, while not drae
ging along the hours as did those in the
celebrated Durrant case, exhaustively
covered the law of circumstantial evi
dence, ns well as other matters neces
sary for the enlichtf-nment of the jury.
The instruction of the jury completed,
.ludpe Lawler ordered the jury into the
keeping of the Sheriff, that a verdict
intent he deliberated upon. Last evening
at 6 o'clock a verdict had not been
reached and Judgre I.awlor <*rdered the
jury locked up for the night It was un
derstood when the order was made that
nine were joined for conviction, while
thn-e held out for acquittal.
Scorned Parental Objection.
Walter F. Plunkett, the 18-year-old son
of William A. Plnnkett, the well-known
attorney, and Miss Tfia Marsh, daughter
of a local mining operator, wore marrWl
last Saturday in Pan Rafael by the Rev.
Father Philippe. The wedding was secret.
It is= ?nld, because the young couple were
afraid of parental objection. Young Plun
kett and his bride were schoolmates in
the Horace Mann (Jrammar School a few
years ago, and It was there that their
friendship began which culminated in
their marriage. They will leave in a few
days for Fairfax, where they will spend
their honeymoon.
Taylor Insolvency.
T'nited States District Judge d» Haven
yesterday denied the petition of the John
N'lcholl Company for an order directing 1
the trustee of the estate of E. T. Tay
lor, insolvent, to deliver tn it certain, per
sonal property. The Judge decided that
Taylor sold the property to the petition
er's vendor, but that th*> sale was not ac
companied by actual delivery or change
f possession.
Wanted in New Mexico.
W. R. Gentry was brought from Red
ding yesterday morning by Sheriff Black
inton of New Mexico and Detective Ed
Cibpon and locked up in the City Prison.
Hf is wanted in New Mexico for train
rohberv and murder committed in March,
1897. the Sheriff will leave with him to
day.
" THE CREDIT HOUSE"
» Six Stories High
I
} Large, formed for com-
: fort, built for service. Up-
; holstered in figured tapes-
I try. Full spring seat. It
will keep you home eve-
: nings $4,75
\ Chairs for hall, reception room.
t parlor and dining room — there 's always
| another place for a chair, and we've a
! chair for any place.
] ; Madras curtains— a new lot of these
\ delightful, serviceable curtains in a
t variety of designs. Nothing better to
\ lighten up a dull room or to protect
fine lace curtains than these light.
I 1 washable fast-color Madras, $1.25 ana
J I $1.50 pair.
I CARPET DEPARTMENT
1 Ingrain carpet sewed and laid, 25
\ cents a yard.
' Don't wait for your carpet to wear
'[entirely away.
I' Two well-lighted floors on which
Ito show you just how a carpet or rug
I would look on your own floor. We
♦ delight in a large, hurry order —
♦electric carpet sewing machine is equal
Ito it, but no order too small to receive
♦ prompt attention. 1
? Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley ♦
{ M. FRIEDMAN £ CO., \
{ 233 to 237 Post St. \
f Open evenings . ; Near Stockton i
1 Ja . ~~~~.... ■■..r>.^
RADWAIS'S KKADY RELIEFhas rtexxl
unrivaled be.'ore the public for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel rain*. All dru?cl«i»-THE
SUNDAY
CALL
THE CREW
OF THE
Willie McGown
SUFFER UNTOLD
TORTURES.
GZOKGE MATTHEWS, a San
s:\ilor lad of twenty
s. is daily thanking his
is safe home
again — that he can breathe one? more
the free nir of God"s own country, feel
again the warm sunshine, and at last
resume the active duties of life.
He has been a convict under Rus
sian law for five long years; treated
as the lowest of felons; tortured,
-d and beaten; and all for the
shoot few seals — animals of
the same family that we are endeav
oring to exterminate.
Matthews and his comrades did
not suffer for ihe principle of the
killing, but because Their act, if suc
cessful, would have deprived the
Russian Government of a few dollars.
They committed a legal crime, hut
moral one — nevertheless
they have pnid dearly and Russia is
avenged.
Seven years ago Mr-tthevrs sailed
from this port as c^bin boy on the
schooner Willie McGown. bound for
the Arctic, and with a crew of twen
ty-seven souls. They cruised on the
Siberian coast, saw promising returns
in a seal ■
slaughter. A Russian man-of-war
unfortunately happened by at this
time, confiscated the shin and took
the men as prisoners to Vladivostok,
r>ced to a Si-
The siilors suffered
the penalty of imprisonment for fiv3
. while the officers are serving
the SEVERE SENTENCE OF TWEN
TY YEARS.
Matthews at the time of his im
prisonment was fifteen years old and
weig" one hundred and thirteen
pounds. At the time of his release —
five years after — he weigrhed sixty
two pounds. He gives below his own
account of those days of frightful
horror and prays heaven to help hi 3
poor captain and first mate — if they
yet remain alive — who still have
fourteen years to serve in the expia
tion of their sin against the Russian
Bear.
ITVAS born In Kansas on October 12.
]*79. lived a short •ime In Denver
and then came west to San Francis
co, which ha? been my home ever
pinre. From the first day thai 7 saw
the on ' •"■ ships standing out
ea like big. white seabirds and
thought of the free life of the sailor T
wa? fascinated and made up my mind
to sro to b n as a chance should
present Itself.
If J hmi realized then thf> awful tor
tnrr-<= me. the hell on earth into
which I should be cast, you cm: 1
have persuaded me to rime wit!
• or a wharf. As It was,
however. I spent my day? or the water
front talking with th< charmed by
their ■': tories, and every day more
is to be away upon the life of free
dom and adventure I had mapped out.
I right spring flay I was
sful. T persuaded Captain Mc
r of thr> schooner Willie McGown
to rake me with him as rabln boy. The
vessel was bound for the Arctic BeaJ
huntine. 1 could hardly sleep that night
. rnt, ar.d my dreams were full
of boats, seals, sailors and the fabulous
wealth which T expected to bring back
as my share of the hunt. The next day
I was ab< • J -. tp sailing out through the
Golden Gate and the happiest boy in the
world. A sailor at_ thirteen years. I felt
as though my mark In the world was
clearly made.
On June 3, 1893, w» landed at St. Mich
ael and remained three days preparatory
to our trip th and set
tling down to the actual lm?lnr?s of the
enterprise. The officers were kind, the
crew were all good fellows, and I was
more than pleased with my first stroke
toward »i profession.
Thr- • later saw us In Russian
waters and in. sight of Copper Island.
Then I i' 1 called all hands and
; us a little talk. Hf told us that
we could spear seals
and it would be- all right, but that to
shoot them or to kill them on the island
us into trouble— especially If
a Russian man-of-war happened about.
I Id that spearing was a very slow
that on the Island over
there we could get them by thousands,
: -y game.
"Thece infernal men-of-war are to my
certain belief all frozen up eolld in the
harbor of Vladivostok, eight days' run
from here." said the captain, "and
of course If some of those eeals fall dead
and lose their skins the Russians can
hunt a long time before they can put 'em
or. again or blame us, especially if. we
Fee 'em coming first." And hereupon the
captain gav<; us all a broad wink.
"The weather is clear and we cai
the smoke of those hearties long I
they can see us. Then with the wind
and strung- and blowing away from
It is, we could show them
a clean pair of heels and be In Ame
or English watei Core tl could know
what had I i he.
Then he r would be.
One man raised a kick, but all the r< ■
us were In for the plan and I noticed
when we agreed to all terms and turned
out the boats fur our attack on the island
that that man v ■ c Iv; so I
guess • hurt him.
We sailors couldn't then sc-c any differ
ence whether we killed seals by spear and
got a few or whether w< shot them and
got a lot, except thi tter way was
easy .--. i.d v. us rich— but you bet
■■ the diff< ■ •
Well, we found the island more than
Bt< eked with ■ als and it was a snap. You
could go righi up to them, ho we never
missed a shot. Day after day we wonted
like beavers— kill, kill, kill, and then skin
them and stow them away in the scl
er. Our ammunition gave out, and still
there were plei I s, so we • I
into them with clubs and the work went
merrily on. We laughed and sung and
scoffed at thi . clumsy Russians
frozen in at Vladivostok.
On July 4 we saw smoke to the north
west, but it w;;k the wrong direction for
a man-of-war, and the captain decided
it was a whaler, so we went to work again
with a will and 1 ibout Russia or
anything else, except the gold that each
of us would hav< as a Bhare for thi
work. My share alone was already up
In the thousand mark and plenty more in
Fight, so I f. It in-.:.- than happy. I was
large for my age and could do a man's
work In killing and skinning seals, so th?
captain had agreed to do as well by me
as by the sailors.
At 4 p. m. "ii the Fourth, a heaw fog
came up— so thick thai you couldn't see
your band in front of your face. Ed
Larkin. Walter Pebbler and I were still
on the island busily at work and had
not noticed the fog until it was all around
us. Then we made a rush for the
and started to pull for the schooner,
which was lying off the island about a
mile and a half. Well, the fog settled in
so fast that we lost track of the ship
and had to turn about and spend the
night on the island. Mighty glad we were
to get back, too, for we had no compass
nor provisions, and the fog had become
so dense that we nearly missed the lal
sind< as well as being unable to locate the
schooner. At 8 o'clock the next morning
it cleared and there right alongside of
hooner lay as ugly a looking Rus
t-war as one could wish to
We knew at a glance that it was
all up. and in our blind terror tried to
g the dead seals, whose bodies
were strewn around by the thousands
the rocky Island.
The Russians, however, sighted our
ach. It was probably just
as well for us, for if we had been left
on that rockbound spot we should have
died of exposure and starvation. They
picked us up, took us aboard ship and
put us In irons with the rest of the crew.
Six days later we were in Vladivostok
Ing hustled through the formality
of a trial for our "enormous offense
against his Majesty the Czar." We were
all convicted ami sentenced to twenty
years' Imprisonment in that place of liv
ing death— the Saghalien Prison, where
we were at once taken.
The sickening horrors of that hole I
never shall forget. I still bear the marks
of the knout and will take to my grave
the frightful physical ailments contracted
in the slimy dungeon of Saghalien. I went
in a hearty sailor lad— strong and able
physical]:- and mentally. I came out a
wreck. At the time of imprisonment I
weighed 113 pounds; when released from
underground confinement I tipped the
scales .-it barely 62.
For three years — each one of which
seemed a lifetime— we were kept in a
rock cave about fifty feet square far be
low the surface. In fact, this hole had
been hi llowed out so deep into the jowels
of the rocky island of Saghalien that the
fl, 01 of our room was under tide level
and the water had to be pumped out
oiicc a week from a corner ni.idi deeper
foi thai purpose.
Three years we were kept in this hell
hole and saw th< light of day but three
times in all that period. The only break
in the horrible monotony was when we
were taken into an upper room to be
flogged like dogs and thrown into the
"sweat box.' The sweat box is the most
hly Ingenious torture device ever
Invented this side of purgatory. It is a
cell kept black as midnight, and all
around *>re fti-am pipes and a small jet
of escaping steam. They flog an offender
until the blood streams down his back
and then threw him into this place. The
salty perspiration gets into the cuts. Tne
enervating, fetid air stifles and weakens
the victim and the intense darkness is
maddening.
How we ever lived and kept our minds
during those terrible years is to me a
mystery- Our food consisted of black
bread and once a month a little walrus or
eeal meat; never 'any vegetables. When
dangerously i'l we would be taken to an
upper hospital for a few days and given
cond-infKd milk and hot water.
Guards watched us night and day, and
whenever more than two would group
themselves together for a chat they would
separate us with oaths, blows and kicks.
Every morning some of the Russian pris
oners from the upper world— a class o'i
trusties — would come down to clean out
the place and Incidentally kick and cuff
about any of us poor devils that would
get in the way.
One morning a great strapping Russian
came about this work and passed where
our captain was sitting in the corner, his
head on his knees. The captain had been
blue for several days and had not spoken
a word to any of us. lie and the first
mate were always kept under the special
watch of the hawk-eyed guard, anyway,
they being the two men the captain of the
prison seemed to fear the most. Well,
this great brute of a trusty leaned for
ward as he passed the captain, and with
an ugly chuckle deliberately slapped the
unoffending man on the face. For an in
stant there was a d< adly quiet— Just a sec
ond—but it seemed a lifetime. It was
as though every <>ne had felt that blow on
his own face. The look on Captain Mc-
Gregor's face as he realized the Insult 1
shall never forget and hope never to see
again; it meant death. He leaped to his
feet and was on that man like a wildcat.
The weight of his body landed fair and
full on the big Russian's chest and his
fingers gripped his throat like a vise. The
big mar. fell like an ox, striking his head
with fearful force on the stone floor.
A hoarse, animnl-like cry went up from
the crowd, and then came the clear ring
ing voice of the mate, shouting:
"Avast there and at the devils!"
And at them we went, hammer and
tongs.
Oh, that was a royal fight! It was well
worth the suffering it brought us all, for
we drubbed. those trusties within an Inch
of their li\ •
At the first yell the guards had been re
inforced, so we didn't last long, but wero
soon clubbed into submission.
The captain of the prison came down
and gave us a talk in very bad English,
but straight enough to the point. He said
lie didn't mind our half killing the Rus
sian convicts so much, but he must main
tain discipline, so he ordered us all out for
general flogging.
Captain McGregor had nearly killed his
man. The fellow's face was so battered
that his own mothor would not have
known him. He never came near our
place again. He had learned his lesson.
Well, we caught it heavy that day. They
took the captain first, strapped him down
and flogged him before our eyes until the
blood streamed from his poor seamed
back, and he fainted away. Then they
revived him and repeated the brutal
whipping.
The rest of us got our share, but not
such a cruel dose. They put the captain
In the Bweatbox and kept him there for
fifty-two hours. He was brought back
to us unconscious, and when he finally
HOW I SDENT
FIVE YEARS
IN A
SIBERIAN PRISON
came to he was out of his head and raved
for three days.
After that we had no more trouble witn
the trusties, but the bad food and foul
air began to tell and the moat horrible
diseases broke out among us. We be
came weaker and weaker and all went
through terrible stages of delirium and
bodily suffering. The dreadful scenes of
those days are better passed without de
scrlptlon. They were too frightful to bear
repetition.
Two of the crew died In our arms -
deaths of most fearful anguish.
CREW OF THE WILLIE McGOWN
Captain.
T. McGREGOB.
First Mate,
T. MONTGOMERY.
Second Mate,
B. SMITH.
Crew.
Ed Larkin, W. Arthur, B.
Ames, C. Johnson, W. B.
Martin, M. Kenson, J.
Kelly, George Kelly, A.
Peterson, H. Foshson,
Walter Pebbler, B. Peb
bler. — Schotey, George
Matthews. J. Dear, T.
Canile, E. George, J.
Aleart, T. Goldon, J.
Dunfun, Pete Holladay,
B. Healy, — Coney, A.
White and For La Verc
TVe would have rushed at the guard*
and taken the risk of death at their hands
If there had been the barest possible hope
beyond. But there was none. An attack
of that kind meant simply torture and
Continued on pa*o Twenty-two, \22
Have We Other Baby Heroines Like This One?
Little California Girl Does What
Strong Men Reared
to Attempt.
/-^AN FRANCISCO has a baby
y-^. heroine. Her name is Dora
YJ Careghino. She is barely ten
y*** years old, yet she has experienced
a "baptism of fire," and has gone
throug-h it with as much true bravery
and as high a conviction of her own
duty as was ever shown by the noblest
young hero on his first battlefield.
"Where five men stood aphast, paral
yzed mentally and physically and ren
dered utterly powerless by the sudden
and unexpected advent of threatened
death, little Dora's childish brain
worked quickly and vigorously. So
well, indeed, did it realize the exigen
cies of the situation that it enabled her,
child though she is, to be of the great
est and most efficient assistance to all
around her In a time of such terror and
Hovm spent Ftve years
fn a Siberian pHson-
Continued fr-m Page Twenty-On«.
death for aJI of us without the slightest
chance for success.
Finally we were reduced to such a stato
our captors saw there soon would
ne of us left, so one day the captain
Bon came in and said that the
'zar could support us no longer In
sa and that on the marrow we
: break stone in the prison court.
pie in their comfortable homes in
ent of life and daily be
■._• the gladsome light of God's sun
• realise what those few words
• to us poor emaciated, beaatllke
res. We danced up and
down and wept for very joy.
It peemed to ua like veritable freedom
after That long, continuous night of hor-
ror.
meanest convict of an American
ke a king compared
with the R >n.
1896, we set to
work breaking rocks. We wore a ball
jit;. 1 , chain of twenty-five pounds during
%\ rk and then were chained to the floor
et night. But we did not complain, for
It was like paradise after what we had
been through.
After we had been on this work for
about nine months a gleam of real hope
came to us. We heard a rumor that cer
tain parties had taken tip our case and
had given the Government sufficient
Co oking in the Woods.
Crimping out in ttr* woods for a month,
a. week, or even a day, is not much fun
t_->ss you cook your own meals. Of first
importance is to know how to make a
flre. If you are In a great hurry to build
nnd only want : tor one or
two occasions, the following is the best
to c • about It: Pile up stones, pyra
. to the height of about two
■ B - en sapling (because a
one will not burn easily), and rest
ainst Hie pile of stones. On<
weighted with a big bowlder or
a pil. of small stones, while the other
about a foot beyond the
mid ..i rocks on which it is resting.
Now hang the boiling pot or kettle on
the end of the sapling and build your fire
of dry wood just beneath. Where : ou are
Intending to spend several days or ■■
 famp a more elaborate outdoor
kitchen can be arranged without much
Uibor First cut two green saplings about
g feet high, with crotches at the ton of
each Drive these into the ground about
gfeet apart. Along the top of these up
rie its place another sapling held in pine*
by the crotches. A fourth sapling is now
re< 3 which should be about 5 feet
and wfth the branches so lopped off
as to leave a crotch at each end. One end
you hook over the horizontal sapling and
on the other end is hooked the kette.
Vhe.n there is a Ftrong wind blowing it
1^ often a good plan to build a sort of
semf-ciraular irail of stones about 18
confusion as mrnie it nn impossibility
for them to help themselves.
Dora is a slender little creature with
the lambent, confiding eyes of a petted
a curly luxuriance of brown
black hair and a delicately rounded
face which lias not yet lost its infan
tile expression. She is the pet and
pride of her mother and her two grown
sisters, and she iives in the upper part
of the city in a well-appointed home,
of the sisters— the eldest — is mar
ried to a well-to-do young storekeeper,
whose combined place of business and
residence Is situated far out on the
San Bruno road, and was the scene, a
night or two since, of an attempted
cry, or assassination, <>r both,
whi h only fate prevented from becom
ing an actual tragedy.
That Dora was vi?itins: her sister at
the time was an unkind arrangement of
that same fate, since the little one will
money to cut the crew's term down to
five years, but the first mate and cap
tain were doomed to serve the full sen
tence of twenty years.
On October 15, 1897, we were taken out
on the Siberian Transcontinental Rail
way, with the exception of the captain
and mate, find worked there until our re- I
lease on July 20, IS9B. Then we were Bent
to Vladivostok and given three days in
which to get away. I, with seven others
of the crew, succeeded in stowing away
on the tramp steamer Packhan and
managed to get to Hongkong.
The crew were all Kngltsh except my
s, if and the French cook, so were natur
ally anxious to get back to Rngland. I
wanted to get home, and that, too. as
rapidly as possible, so managed tnrougn
the kindness of Mr. Van Buren, the
steamship agent in Hongkong, to get
passage on the Gaelic back to dear old
 and here I am.
The general impression has been that thu> |
Willie McGown was lost in the Arctic,]
bo very little inquiry was made and noth-
Ing of importance has been done toward
shortening the term of imprisonment I
placed on the unfortunate captain and
mate. That they will ever live to see the :
end of twenty years' service at Sagha
lien is beyond possibility. Their only
chance is intercession for them by the
English Government. Heaven grant it
may come! GEORGE MATTHETWS.
Inches hißh to leeward of the fire. This
trate the names on the
.„ of the kettle, for the flames, being
blown against the "tones are
straight upward Instead of blowing n
and thither and so wasting time and heat
in tht- cooking. . .
Sometimes with a. roaring fire the hea.l
is so intense that In the operation <>'. cook
ing iinh in a frying pan for example, you
feel It is nip and tuck whether your face
or the fi>h will be cooked first. In such
8 case you want to cut down a long slim
sapling and split it up for about a foot
or IS inches. Shove the handle of the fry
ing pan between the halves and hind it
tieht with wire. Now drive a short stlrk
with crotched top Into the ground about
three feet from the Ore and on its top
r< si the long improvised handle of the
frying pan. This, of course, to steady it
and to relieve you of the weight.
If you are stewinp or boiling some por
ri(i*rf:. or anything with a lot of milk in
it. you will have to exercise caution not to
let" it get scalded or burned. The best
plan is to put a little water in the kettle
and then drop In a few penbles. On the
top of them rest the stewpan or other re
le containing the food you are cook
ing. This will effectually prevent burning
or scorching.
Mike — Halloa, Pat, how much did you
pay for your new hat?
Pat— Faith, and I don't know; there was
no one In the shop when I bought it.
carry forever n her memory the scar
inflicted on that dreadful night when
phe saw the faci ■ C murder staring into
•\vn and realized for the first time
the existence of evil in ih> j world.
It is not often, thank heaven, that a
A Bicycle Boat
for the English
Channel
LONDON, July 12.— The channel sticks j
in England's throat. It is so exasperating
to have a sheet of water stretching out
before you so rough that you dare not j
breast it except upon a big steamer or the ;
most reliable yacht.
English sportsmen are always experi- j
r.u nting with channel boats, and each
year they believe they have found some- ;
The latest channel invention in not desj
to work great transformations in
the mi thods of channel travel, nor to great
• ■; commerce. It is in truth only
a new bil of sporting life let into the pres- ,
• ir i he water.
A Folkestone Inventor has rigged up a ,
cycle boat, upon which he, declares it will
be possible to cross the channel in ten
"hours. A day's trip of easy working on;
the water will bring you from Dover,]
which is only a short distance north of
Folkestone, to Calais. The boat, which.
looks uncommonly like a row boat, can be ;
worked like a tandem, making the weight
which the operator must push much less.
The movement is exactly similar to the
pedal movement of a bicycle, each down
ward push causing the pa'ldle wheel to -
. and propelling the boat forward.
The rapidity of the boat depends upon
trength and rapidity of the push;
and iliis depends upon practice and th«
muscles of a man's legs.
Tandem bicycling across the English
channel should be great fun. It has been
tried by Chicol up the Rhine with much;
success, but unfortunately every attempt;
in send the bicycle boat across the chan- i
nel lias been unsuccessful. Just off
Folkestone, on the first attempt, a storm
came up and drenched the riders so that i
they put back to port for personal re
pairs. The b< cond trip resulted in a chain
breaking, quite a bicycllstic experience;
and the third, which should have been
sful, was brought to a sudden end
by the Indisposition of one of the pas
sengers, for the boat carries two persons
besides the wheelmen.
There may .soon be a motor boat op
erated like the automobile cabs. But that
is some way off. The electric launches
are propelled on a different and more
expensive principle.
This bicycle boat is quit© inexpensive,
its $300 for the machinery, and in
addition to this the cost of the rowboat,
which may run from $50 up to $F>oo, accord
ing to the woods. The Folkestone boat ,
$350.
The idea is an advance one for Henley
next year. If the boat can be operated ;
successfully, and if other boats can be i
built and the Get man boat can be induced
to com. to Henley, then there can be a
new exhibition of aquatic sport at this j
famous water course.
The motion is one that could be lml
-1 tated by any machinist, who will readily
see by what simple art the wheels of'the
; paddle can be made to go around in obedl
! ence to the pushing down of the pedals
thai connect with the paddles. The j
strength required Is. upon smooth water, |
about equal to that required for pushing |
a tandem up a very slight incline. It does j
not run of Itself, likea tandem upon a per
level plane, but it requires only the |
slightest push. As for the sport, it is ;
gr< at With each push comes the splash,
; an.i 10, you are bicycling over tho ocean
i blue.
The following inscription appears on the
tombstone of a man whose business it had
been to look after the repairs of an Eng
lish turnpike:
Reader, doth he not merit well thy praise
Whose practice was through life to mend
his ways?
Many a man would be all right If he
could lose hla reputation.— Chicago News.
THE SUKDAY CALL;
child is placed In such a situation as
was she, but it is a good thing to know
that, having been so placed, one child
was equal to the responsibility so un
fairly cast upon her.
Little Dora, a white-gowned mite.
The Summit Cater of Muna Loa
Now in Active Eruption
gEFORE si s eruption In 1865 Mo
kuaweoweo crater was but
slightly considered in the vol
canic world of the Island of
Hawaii. The frreat feature, sung,
cit^d and quoted, was the crater Kil
auea. Both craters are upon Mauna
(or Mount) I.oa, but Mokuaweoweo is
at Its summit, fourteen thousand feet
high, while Kilauea is merely a break
or rent upon its slope, ten thousand fe< I
below the summit and at an elevation
of hut 4000 feet.
Prior to the creat overflow of 1855
THE PIT AND FIRE LOKE OF THE MOKUAWEOWEO CRATER.
cuddled up in the mo-thor arms, which
hold her closer than ever before as the
mother heart thinks of the danger that
menaced her ewe-lamb, tells her part
of th*' story as follows:
"No, I wasn't really frightened the
it was thought there could never be a
great expulsion of lava from the sum
mit crater, certainly not unless the side
rent was overflowing to its utmost, for
it was considered that since the lava
must arise within the mountain from
below it would find its way out
through the Kilauea hole before it
should reach the Mokuaweoweo one.
Yei neither the eruption of 1855 nor
those since nor the present outburst
have proven the truth of this theory.
Mokuaweoweo crater consists of three
rims, the outer being the largest and
farthest from the lake of fire. This
cavity Is not circular, but measures
least little bit. I just seemed to be as
tonished all over at first, and when I
got over that some I began to try and
think quick what to »'."■
"You see, the way of it was this: it
was late in the' evening- -nearly 11
19,000 feet in one direction and 9000 feet
across, while its depth to the burning
plain is about 800 feet.
It gives no warning through earth
rumblings or quakes when it is about
to burst forth, as does Kilauea, but the
only evidence by which those below
may judge of its imminent activity is
a light seen burning at the top of the
mountain. This becomes very distinct
at night and assumes a shape like a
fiery palm tree. This proceeds, as has
been sa>d, "as quietly as the moon
rises," getting more intense for several
days until it assumes a brilliancy which
by night can. be ssom *jor a distance o£
Ifot Frightened
in the
AeasU but
Just
a Aittle
£it Astonished.
o'clock— and I had sat up so long that
I was beginning to feel pretty sleepy.
Minnie — that's my sister, Mrs. Lercarl
— didn't want to go upstairs just then,
so she took me in her lap and sut rock
ing- me back and forward as she talked
to the others in the store. Joe, my
brother-in-law, was behind the coun
ter; J'>,- Laveroni, the clerk, was on t ! ,e
outside oi it. leaning on it with his two
arms; George Magini was sitting near
the middle of the store; .lack Ravi
was leaning on the center counter,
where the flour sacks are piled up, and
Charlie Bignotti was shuns over by
the chimney.
•They were all having: a good time
talking together, and 1 thought I would
keep myself awake by eating some
candy, so I twisted myself around on
Minnie's lap to reach a candy jar that
stood on the counter near us, and Just
then I saw two queer looking nun
standing in the door. They both had
on white masks like people wear to
balls, and they both had on black
gloves and had pistols in their hands.
I thought it was some of the folks that
live around there, trying to plaj a trick
on us just for fun. so 1 jumped up and
said ■<> my: 1 and everybody stopped
talking and looked at them; and just
then they both spoke uj r and
said 'Boys, hold up your h nds quick!
And' just as soon as they said this
started right in shooting and
gave anybody a chance to mind them
at all. , _ .
"It was just like the worst kind of a
Fourth of July in there all at om
it was all smoke and nd so
noisy that it made me 1 f deaf. I
so di af though, that I didn't
hear one of those bullets go z-z-z-z-z'
right close past my head; and just as
T ducked so it wouldn't hit me, I saw
poor .lack tumble over and knew he
was shot, and then I began to scream
for the police just as loud as T could.
You Bee I knew if the police got there
they would make those men behave and
stop shooting at people; and though my
sister told me to keep still, I wouldn t
Charley Bignottl fell down, too, and I
thought he was shot the same as Jack;
hut he wasn't. He only fainted be
cause he was scared, and then came
to and hid behind a big pile of brooms.
And the others all tried to get away
the best way they could. After Jack
and ("harlie fell down the two men went
outside and my brother-in-law made
Minnie and me go with him Inl
barn: then they tri--d to got a boy that
was there to go and t< lephone for help,
but he was so scared that he said his
•skin was coming off him, a
was so frightened she wouldn't let my
brother-in-law go, so I wen! h -
•urse I was a little bit afraid then
that the men might see me
me. too; but some one had to go, and
so I just ran around a vacant lot, and
it wasn't so bad after all, though I fell
a little chokey in my throat. And
then the police cam-; and— that's all."
That was "all" indeed, little Dora, but
it was a good deal for so small a girl
to accomplish in the face of danger
,r and so deadly; and in years I
come you may realize, as you <!■
now. how few there are even ai
our men and women who had the:
in your place on that nigh:
would have borne themselves more
nobly.
forty miles. This illumination is not
actually a fire, but a reflection upon the
adjacent clouds and sky of th» flrea In
the pit, getting day by day higher up
in the cavity and spreading over all
rims until finally the molten suiistar.ee
overflows, sometimes rolling quietly
down the slope, again moving with at •
tendant explosions of the volcano which
open new rents and vents from 400 to
••! In-low the summit.
When at its height the Mokuaweoweo
crater will throw up great columns or
jets of lava a thousand feet in the
perpendicular, creating the most mar-THE TRUTH
ABOUT
HAWAII.
yn <* AW All. July 20.— T0 tell the truth
\ and nothing but the truth about
I 1 Hawaii, as I have been instructed
X J to do by the editor of this paper,
*S is certainly a unique undertaking.
For years the press of the United
States has been printing letters that pur
ported to describe things as they were on
these islands, but I have found that much
of the matter has emanated from the
pens of subsidized correspondents or from
writers who reli I much upon their
imagination for their farts.
That Hawaii is beautiful no one can
deny. That these islands are among the
choicest of our new possessions there can
be no question, but that they constitute
an earthly paradise for a man out of a
Job is a statement that is not true to
fact. For some time the opinion has pre
vailed that all one had to do was to go
to Hawaii and that wealth would follow
as a necessity. On the contrary. Hawaii
is the very last of all our colonial ;
eions to which I should advise a man to
go unless he has sufficient capital to make
him Independent of circumstances for a
long time, as well as enough surplus to
allow him to take advantage of his op
portunity when it presents it-
First, it must be r^n^ mbered that Ha
waii Is not a new country. Honolulu was
a city before San Francisco was estab
: and the people of California sent
t!.e:r children here to be educated before
1850. A new and undeveloped country has
Inducements to offer the settler, but there
are no such opportunities here. The pop
ulation of the islands is limited and the
mercantile field Is filled. Th< re are just
as ma.iy physicians, dentists and lawyers
in Honolulu as then are in any city of
the rame size in the United States and
almost without exception they are m< n
who have been educated in the besi
legos of America. This leaves n
open but agriculture and there cer
tainly are opportunities if one has the
capital to go into this business. To do
this requires from R t the
least, and it must be admitted that the
returns will not be much greater than
they would be from similar investments
in the States.
Eight Islands compose the Hawaiian
froup tiie largest of which is Hawaii.
t has an area of over four thousand
square miles, and while it is very moun
tainous its fertile valleys are filled with
eugar coffee and rice plantations. Ataui
1= more generally cultivated, however, for
the Hawaiian Commercial Company haa
Its headquarters here. It is also the loca
tion of a dozen other plantations, and its
sugar interests alone represent a capital
of nearly forty million dollars There are
come sugar plantations on Molokai, but
as the leper settlement, to which all the
afflicted are banished, is located there, it
is not regarded as such a desirable plane
CHAIN OF BEAUTIFUL LAKES ON PROPOSED BRIDLE PATH. GOLDEN GATE PARK.
of abode as the other islands. The prin
cipal island of the group is Oahu on
which the capital, Honolulu, is siuatea
Nearly all the wealth and popular
the Hawaiian Islands mafce their home on
Oahu, and # more cosmopolitan conglom
eration of a population it would be d'.l.i
cult to imagine.
According to Uie last census that has
been taken the population of Hawaii was
of which 33.43 C were Kanakas, as
the natives call themselves; 21,»kj were
Chinese. 15.000 Portuguese. 24,400 Japanese,
8000 American, 2200 English and Scotch,
while the remainder were divided in na
tionality among the French. Dutch, Scan
dinavians, Peruvians, Spaniards and sev
eral other peoples.
When a boat arrives at Honolulu it is
met by a crowd of curious, lazy people,
all barefooted and all dressed in the loose
flowing garments that have taken the
place of the semi-nudity that was the
custom up to a short time ago. In fact,
the first impressions that the stranger
receives of the city are its barefoot peo
ple, its smooth, hard, wide roads and Its
attractive doorways.
That Hawaii is a land of beauty is evi
dent from the first glimpse that one has
of the country. You may go from one
end of the globe to the other and not
find a bit of scenery one-half as charm-
> GROuP of co^v^Lt^Ltrtl
intr as this entrance to the harbor of Hon-
oiulu
The social lines are not drawn very
closely in this country anu there is less
of that moral rigidity that predominates.
in a colder and more rigorous elimaie.
The Americans are the leaders in all the
eoclal and political ,-iffairs. They are the
dants of the missionaries who came
to th(- islands three-quarters of a century
ago, but they do not hesitate to extend
social courtesies with the half-breeds or
the educated native. In fact many of the
latter are extremely refined people. They
live in luxurious homes, send their chil-
dren to American and European lnstitu-
tions of learning and have all the com-
forts that wealth can bestow. As the re-
sult there is very little of that feeling of
color distinction that prevails in America,
The more common people of Hawaii are
a picturesque and interesting study, for
while they have made a pretense of adopt-
In* the customs of those with whom they
have been thrown in contact, they have
etill retained the traits that have been the
characteristics of the race since the earli-
est days of 'savagery. They still feast on
taro raw fish and poi, that queer mixture
that' looks like paste, feels like cold yeast
and tastes like buttermilk, and they are
still the careless, lazy people they always
have .been The kanaka man wears a
THE SUNDAY CAILIj.
General Wood' New Kind of
Warfare
The Soldier Who Fought
the Spaniards So We ll
Is Now Fighting
Yellow Jack.
WHEN yellow fever Is wiped out
of Cuba, especially out of Ha
vana and Santiago, it will be
wiped out of the United States.
Yellow fever does not originate
in this country- Every epidemic which
the Southern States have known has been
started by the importation of cruses frcm
Cuba. These epidemics have cost more
than a thousand lives a year for many
years, and often ten times that number
during one single visitation. The money
expenditure which has been necessary to
keep up national quarantines and tne
commercial loss which has resulted from
State quarantines have amounted up in
the scores of millions.
This indicates the immense importance
of the work which is now being done by
our American military officers in Cubn
toward the wiping out of the disease.
Yellow fever has existed in Santiago
do Cuba under the misnomer of "per
nicious malaria" since the surrender of
the city last July. Americans— soldiers
and civilians— have died of it. cases have
filled the fever hospital across the bay
from Santiago, and other cases a plenty
have been sent home convalescent to re
cuperate In the more -healthful climate of
the United States.
In Santiago nowadays the term "per
nicious malaria" is a byword. It 1b now
known there that fully 60 per cent of
those who suffered from it during the lat
white neglige suit, much like that of hl3
more civilized brother, but about his
shoulder he wreathes a garland of flowers
and In his wide-brimmed straw hat are
many flowers and peacock feat here.
The women also go barefoot They wear
a bright-hued Mother Hubbard. belted n
With festoons ot gaudy flowers and greer.
vines.
In the Hawaiian Islands one may select
the kind of climate that is best suited to
him and know no other. He may select
a spot that is sufficiently cool while yet
frosts are unknown and chilling winds
blow not; he may select another spot
where the heat is excessive, or he may
ascend from the sea to the mountain-tops
and feel the air growing cooler with al
most every step. In fact, as one scientist
has remarked, "every graduation of tun
perature, altitude and humidity, with
varying forces and volume of wind eur
rents. Is presented In the Hawaiian
Islands. Moreover, each grove, beach,
vale, summit and belt of land preserves
its respective climatic attributes almost
unchanged throughout the year. It is
this latter fact that has made these
islands the ideal spot for invalids. A
certain climate may be selected and there,
one may remain without fear of change,
or by traveling about from place to place
one may follow what Is something like
ter months of IS9B were really victims of
the dread yellow scourge in a more or
less mild form. The fact that their hos
pital papers bore the words "pernicious
malaria" did not serve to lessen the peril
of the patients, but it prevented the
danger of a panic and helped materially
in the reconstruction and purification of
the city.
And that was why General Leonard
Wood, military and civil Governor of San
tiago de Cuba, knowingly and with pre
medltatlon, successfully concealed the
fact that yellow fever existed within the
confines of the province.
That General Wood fully anticipated the
present outbreak is beyond question. He
knew that fever would return In force
this summer despite all that medical skill
and sanitary precautions could do to pre
vent it.
"It is as impossible to carry American
troops and civilians through the hot trop
ic.il months of June. July and August
without a number of fatalities from yel
low fever as it would be to stop a Mauser
bullet without being hurt," he said.
"I say it is impossible to entirely es
cape." he added, "but, please God, we
will do everything in the power of man
to reduce the casualties as much as pos
sible. If we succeed in cutting the regu
lar annual record of deaths one-half, or
even one-fourth. I shall be satisfied." ■
That everything "in the power of man"
had been done to keep tke scourge from
the rotation of the seasons In the tem
perate latitudes."
Politically Hawaii is about as peaceful
a place as one could wish to see. The
whites and many of the better class of
natfves are well satisfied to accept the
protection of Uncle Sam. As to the na
tive proper as he la seen in the common
walks of life, he has no opinions at all
upon the .subject. Of course there are
Hopes to Save Thousands
of Laves by Stamping
Out the Frightful
Cuban Scourge.
Santiago since General Wood assumed
charge is a matter of common fame.
There are some men who might have felt
discouraged when confronted with the
task that faced General Wood last July.
It only spurred him on.
"It is yellow fever we must fight,
Hanna," he said to his aid as the two
took their first ride through the city.
"We have a foe here which is going to
give us a life and death struggle. He
is there In that heap of refuse, and in
that adobe shanty over there, and here
beneath our feet. We must fight him
with brooms and shovels, with soap and
water, and with new rules that will turn
this town upside down."
One of the first precautions taken by
the nervy, cool-headed American was to
decry the fact that yellow fever exleted
in Santiago. Experience with human na
ture told him that the widespread pub-,
licatlon of the fact would serve no good
cause, but that it would possibly create
a panic, cause demoralization and prac
tically put a check upon his plans for re
deeming the city from its centuries of
filth. Good work cannot be expected from
men who feel that they are walking cheek
by jowl with Yellow Jack.
His second precaution— seemingly a
paradox— was the conversion of a small
island in Santiago Bay into a hospital for
the treatment of contagious fevers. Build
ings completely equipped with medical
facilities were erected and everything
provided for the very visitation now oc
curring in the city.
Shortly after the hospital was In readi
ness so many cases were sent there that
attention was attracted to it. One Ameri
can connected with the Postofflco went to
the palace in alarm one day. General
Wood smiled grimly when the man stated
his errand.
"Yellow fever?" he exclaimed. "Non
sense! The reports say pernicious ma
laria, and I guess the doctor knows what
he Is talking about."
Each day the one paper th^n being pub
lished In Santiago recorded the death of
from two to ten citizens or BOlfliers from
pernicious malaria. These reports excited
little or no comment. There was a fa
miliar ring to the word' "malaria," at least
to the Americans, and if they wondered at
all it was that "chills and fever" could
carry off so many.
One day the man In charge of the Mer
ritt & Chapman wrecking operations on
the Spanish warships strolled into the
office of the company's agent, Julian Cen
cioya.
"I am not feeling very well." he said,
dully. "I guess it must be the heat."
Before Cendoya could reply his visitor
lurched heavily against a desk. The next
moment he was prone on the door. The
agent knew from certain symptoms just
what was the matter, and he hastily sum
moned a native doctor living in the neigh
borhood. An hour later the stricken man
was resting in a boarding-house back of
the cathedral. Then the doctor, according
to the rules, made his report at the palace.
"It is pernicious malaria, senor," he said
to General Woou. "The patient has all the
still natives In high positions who are
thorough royalists at heart, but even they
are willing to accept things as they are.
The common native, however, harbors no
resentment at what anti-annexationists
have pleased to term his "downfall. At
the same time he does not feel any senti
ment of gratitude at being relieved from
the bondage of fi monarchy. The simple
fact is that political feelings of any kind
early symptoms of a sever* eas«. There la
intense pain in the back and shoulders, a
temperature of 105, stricture In the throat
and black vomit "
"Have that man removed to the island
within an hour or I will put you In the
cablldo," interrupted the general sternly.
"And remember— lt Is malaria, do you un
derstand?"
When the man left the hospital con
valescent several weeks later he carried m
certificate wrung from the surgeon bear
ing the significant words, "Discharged
cured of yellow fever."
In October General "Wood dranr vcp an
elaborate plan to be followed when th«
anticipated return of the fever In epi
demic form occurred. It was now that
his training aa a physician proved invaju
able.
He understood the disease hx all it*
phases and he knew just what precau
tions were rational and efficient. There
•were three principal points as outlined.
These were, first, the Immediate . break
ing up of the various regiments Into
small squads and their being kept con
stantly on the move from camp to camp
outside the city; second, the absolute
maintenance of sobriety among all Ameri
cans; third, the establishment of a rigid
quarantine.
"I look upon rum or any alcoholic bev
erage as the greatest factor In the con
traction of yellow fever," h© said In ex
plaining his plan. "Heating the Mood
with bad whisky Is simply creating a hod
bed for the propagation of the germs.
A man cannot drink and face the fever
unscathed."
It is this rule that General "Wood it
now enforcing so strictly In Santiago. Hla
action in closing the saloons and sum
marily arresting any American found un
der the influence of liquor la simply a part
of his carefully arranged plan of cam
paign against yellow jack.
The course of treatment followed Is on
the general lines adopted in all tropical
countries. The patient is immediately
given a saline purge; then, after being
placed la bed, i.; d< S< d liberally with quan
tities of an infusion made from orange
leaves.
This generally produces profuse per
spiration, which is the result desired.
After the third day, If the subject sur
vives that critical period, a tonic having
■.1 bearing on the stomach Is admin
istered. Food, except a small quantity of
weak beef tea, is tabooed. It was the cus
tom several years ago to use quinine in
excessive quantities, but that method of
treatment has been abandoned.
In preparing for a summer season of
yellow fever in Santiago the possible valuo
"of using immune troops was taken into
careful consideration. A decision in the
negative was reached, the immunity of
soldiers previously exposed to contagious
fevera being very much open to doubt.
Tho Government's experience with Im
mune regiments during the Spanish-
American war was such that it is safe to
say they will never again form a part of
the defensive forces of the United States,
at least from the "immune" standpoint.
H. H. LEWI a.
are a disturbing element and the average
native is decidedly averse to making any
effort either mental or physical. Under
these circumstances It will only be neces
sary for the United States Government
to use wise discrimination in the placing
of the ballot and there will be little dan
ger that this one of our new possessions
will ever cause us any trouble.
GEORGE ALFRED EDWARDS.
2324
s
VERY LATEST FADS OF
UP-TO-DATE SUMMER GIRLS
YOU must ride, bike, row. swim,
flßh, play golf and be past grand
mistress of several leseer nports
besides If you would be consid
er en'?, a modern maid or. matron. '
Just now fishing gives place
only to golf. Mrs. "William Whitten and
Miss Carroll have Just returned from a
most successful fishing trip. They are
unusually good anglers, and not a few
other society women excel in this art.
Think not that it is the namby-pamby
creature, too lazy for violent xerclse, who
turns to fishing for amusement. Think
not that it is the unattractive girl, who
would find herself cast in the shade by
prettier sisters at those resorts where day
begins at noontime, where husband-hunt
ing is the daily recreation and where
hops, flirtations, yachting parties and the
ilk make up the diurnal routine.
My lady of the fishing pole is a far dif
ferent sort of creature. Generally pretty,
always attractive, certainly energetic, she
realizes that Izaak "Walton knew what he
was talking about when he wrote, "God
never did make a more calm, quiet, Inno
cent recreation than angling."
And well is the angling maiden regard
ed. The sport brings color to her cheeks,
gives plumpness to her form. She who in
the city never retired until the wee sma'
hours, tired from her day's sport, is gen
erally sound asleep when 9 o'clock ar
rives, and well she may be.
She is up With the sun. There is a hasty
breakfast— an gg and a cup of coffee, pos
sibly a cocktail, too, if she Is one of the
more advanced crusaders in the land of
man. The cook has the luncheon basket
The fishing tackle was straightened out
the night before. There is a tramp of a
, _ — , ■
RULES FOR
NERVOUS
DO you know what Is the curse of
the women of the nineteenth cen
tury — tin' great factor that
breaks women down while they
are yet in the heyday of their
youth and causes gray hair and wrinkles
and numerous other facial blcmish-s .'
I can tfll you In one word— nerves.
Nervous prostration is entirely a modern
disease and that it is almost or wholly an
unnecessary one I think eminent autnori
■ . Bubji ■■■ « 111 agree with mn.
The women of the past, famous beauties
in. were taughi to control tii>-ir
nerves They did not, as do. the women
of the present day. wear themselves to a
frazzle hunting around after new forms
of excitement. They did not travel i;i
search of change, neither did they burn
life's candle at both ends, but lived calmly
and cultivated a placid temperament. I
don't believe any one ever heard of nerves
in those days.
But to-day, bless your hearts, we cul
tivate our nerves. We live off our nerves.
Indeed, nut to have nerves is to be .un
fashionable. Then, dear heaven.' let us
be unfashionab!'-, say t!
The woman of nerves, to my mind, 1*
not half so deserving of pity as are her
near relatives and friends, for one nerv
ous woman can create more nervousa^s •>
and discomfort among other women than
a whole barrel of mice or an Imaginary
burglar.
If a list were mnde out of the thing*
that nervous women finl to worry about
1 am sure it would stretch from here to
Patagonia. Each lias her own particular
set of grievances and fondly fancies that
her collection is ten times worse and
harder to bear than that of every other
woman. The on*- worry that she shares
in common with all other women is
burglars.
Is there one of yon, I wonder, who doe?
r.ot waken fifteen times in the night to
hear a house-breaker fussing with the
lock on the back door, or trying to force
a way through the pantry window?
Whenever I hear the old story of women
peering under the bed to see if there is
a man concealed there, I think of the
amusing description Mrs. Gaskell gives in
her quaint little story, "Crawford,"
where she says:
"When, the village of Crawford was In
fested with robbers we began to relate
our individual fears, and the private pre
cautions each of us took. I owned thai
my pet apprehension was eyes — eyes look-
Ing at me and watching me, guttering out
from some dull, flat wooden surface. I
saw Miss Mattie Cone of the old maids
of the village; nerving herself up for a
confession, and at last out It came. She
PALMISTRY YOUR FATE IN WRITTEN
IN YOR HAND.PALMISTRY
MISS M., Mt. View— Your nature Is
thoroughly "practical and calculating. You
are apt to be strictly just and no more
in your business affairs. You have plenty
of go ahead spirit, and prefer to take the
lead in all important matters in your
household affairs. You will have a very
eventful career.
MARION CULVER, City— your hand
Indicates a restless, excitable nature,
which, uncurbed, will not bring happiness
to either yourself or others. You have
great mental activity, but as a general
thing poorly directed aims. Be ever care
ful in your choice of a husband or your
married life will be brief.
BLANCHE L., Sar. Rafael— Yours is the
hand of a happy woman, well content
with ycur lot in life. You have few in
terests outside of your family circle, and
are constantly seeking the good In those
you meet. You will make one marriage
ond have three children.'
BUSS M. STONE. San Jose— Your nature
is bo intense that you miss the finer
touches in life. You are jealous of those
you lovo and do not credit people with
the love they bear you. You will have v
sea voyage before very long.
LITTLE AGNES— Tbie little miss will
be very Puritanical in her ideas of life
and will not allow sentimentality to eov
irn nor actions. She will marry well at
2i And will go abroad aftef her marriage.
MR. B. B. WREN -Your paims indicate
a level headed, sensible man-, but one who
has not had things as pleasant as they
might have been. Your financial affairs
have not been entirely satisfactory, but
you will have better luck next year. You
will marry once.
MRS. P. P. WREN— You do not make
the ;noßt of your life, as you allow trifles
to worry and disturb you. causing your
self and others dlscomfi rt. You are en
ergetic and williiig to do what Is right,
couple of miles to her favorite Bshlnff
ground She does not care. AVhat are a
couple of miles to the healthy athletic girl
of the tim«?
She reaches the fishing ground- If her
luck is with her and bites are. plentiful
back she goes with a handsome string of
fish in time to provide a tempting break.
fast for the late risers. If the fishing
baa been good, if some big fellow has
escaped her and she thinks she knows
where he Is. back she goes again to his
haunts. You are not likely to see her
again until evening. . . ,
Perhaps she has to row across the lake
before she tin.is a spot to cast her lines.
The oars blister her Hands, but the row-
ing strengthens her muscles, for the ang-
ling maid is an independent creature,
leaving nothing for man to do. that she
can do herself. .
Hor costume? Simple, but awfully
fetching, the men all say. Poor words to
describe a one hundred dollar outfit, but
it hardly cost a penny less. There is a
broad hat of felt, excellent to keep off the
sun, not too ornately trimmed, in case the
occasion should arise for using it as a
scoop. A thunder storm can't hurt it. The
angling maid goes in for common sense
in clothing.
Her gown? Cut short, if you please. It
reaches about to her shoe tops, or to
where her shoe tops would be if she wore
ordinary shoes. But Bhe doesn't. Fishing
THE CURSE OF WOMEN
BY MME. HYGEJA,
Thi* department k for the benefit of all those who are interested In the science of cosmetics and the hy
riene or prefer living. If any on desires information on either of those subjects the questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write aa sftni as you like, ask as maxy Questions as you please and sign
any name that you choose Address 11 ccmmun.cations to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call.
owned that ever sirce she had been a girl .
she had dreaded being caught by her last
leg, lust as she was getting Into bed, ny s
some one concealed under It. She said
when she was younger and more active*
she used to take a flying leap from a
distance and bo bring both her legs up
saf< into bed at once, but that this nat]
always annoyed Deborah, who pkiued
herself on setting Into bed gracefully, anu
she nad given it up in consequence^ But
now the old terror would often come
over her. nnd as it was £o very v unpleas
ant to think of looking under a bed and
seeing a man concealed, with a great.
fierce face staring out at you, sne had
bought a penny ball, and now she rolled ■
this ball under the bed every night. If it
came out on the other side, well ana
good; if not. she always took care to
have her hand on the bell rope, and meant
to call out 'John' and 'Harry'— just as if
she expected men servants to answer her
I suppose we are all. of us more or less
nervous, and it is singular to note what
strange outlets some women's nervous
ness chooses.
There is the woman who goes to the
play and during the performance con
stantly sniffs and peers around In an ap
prehensive way. We all know that "fire"
Is in her thoughts, and are made accord
ingly unc< mfortable.
Then there is the calamitous creature,*
who is always foreboding some impend-
Ing disaster because she "feels- it in her
bones," and the woman who "doesn't be
lieve in ghosts," who burns the gas and
sits up In bed half th? nlt?ht and Keops
everybody else awake, so as to be ready
to run away from j them if they should
happen to put In an appearance, and— but,
dear me, the list Is too long to enumerate.
Let me tell you this— my lady of nerves
ran never charm by her beauty. To. sit
in her presence and endure her fidgets
and not know what demon of unrest pos
eessea her i Bsinfply maddening.
A state of nervousness will sometimes
bring forth a heart-wringing crop of
facial eruptions: It will dry the skin and
make it sallow, take the vitality out of
th< hair and derange the internal organs
to the-utter detriment of beauty.
Those knowing gentlemen of pilla ana
pellets tell us that v.hen there is a defect
in the structure, of the nervous system
it is " usually because some certain re
gion of cells is not well flushed with
blood. The remedy, they say. lies In dis
cipline and training, nourishing food ex
ercise and plenty of sleep and good fresh
English physicians claim that many of
the nervous diseases to which American
women are victims are due to what they
term the "rocking-chair habit." They say
that the amount of nervous energy ex
.pended in useless and injurious rocking
is Incredible, and that a woman who im
agines herself to be resting will exercise
as much force of the lower muscles of the
back as would suffice to run a sewing ma
chine for the same length of time.
All I can say in support of this theory
is that the health of middle-class English
women, among whom rockers are rare, is
generally superior to that of our own.
The finest recipe in the world for nerv
ousness Is to laugh at everything, espe
but iike Martha of Md, you are careful
and troubled about many things.
MISS HOPE LA CHAPELL, Stockton-
It is difficult for you to place your affec
tions as you are hard to please. Your love
affairs will always be more or less dis
appointing. You dislike to assume re
sponsibilities and would find domestics life
burdensome. ...
MISS FAY BELMONT- This person will
experience many changes in life, but will
always have plenty of friends and will
marry twice. You allow the emotions to
rule father too much. You will travel ex
tensively and make a home in several dif
ferent places.
LADY MAUDE, Stockton— You will
make a change in location which will be
of decided advantage to you. You have
plenty of enterprise and ambition and a
talent for mimicry, and would succeed in
dramatic work. You have a very artistic
f MIS™ LILLIAN RUSSELL, Stockton—
You have never had health that you could
depend upon and have had two severe 1 11 —
nesses in the past. You have a nature
greatly dependent upon loving attentions.
The early part of your life shows several
severe disappointments, but the future
looks bright.
N P Fresno— You will never allow sen
timent 'to interfere with sense. Your head
will always rule your emotions. Your
lines clo not sHow a very strong constitu
tion, but with your intense ambition you
will overcome all obstacles. Your nature
Is quite Puritanical.
MISS CAB G. V.— Your nature Is force
ful. You are inclined to want your own
way under all circumstances. Do not
allow yourself to worry over your dis
appointments. There are pood financial
prospects for you between 40 and 80.
MAY 11., Mission Street— Your nature Is
TIIE SUKDAT CAXJj.
nearly to the knees, through which the
water may strive in vain to penetrate.
The cloth is of the color that most be-
comes her. The material is something
that will Btana all sorts of wear and tear,
that-the brambles cannot .injure, that
water will not damage. ; '
.The angling maid knows well her craft, .
and wisely has she chosen it. for nowhere
will she find such real: pleasure, such
healthful exercise, such "calm, quiet, in-
nocer.t recreation" .than in her endeavors-
to capture finny beauties of the mountain
lakes and streams. .
,*....*
At ;, lunch at the Burlingame Country
ri,i, the lables, with their decorations of
flowers and ferns, formed a charmingly
picturesque arid harmonious background
Or light and brightly colored muslins
veilings and painted materials. -A
spotted muslin in a startling shade of
derfse was made in princess fashion al-
most absolutely plain of cut and tight and
clinging, as if of cloth, decorated at
tha bottom of the skirt with four curved
flounces of blank lace, the top flounce
narrower than the others and caught into
Inons and ends, with bows standing out
against the cerise. The bodice was made
with a rolled collar straight cut long and
narrow on the shoulders at the back and
in froni covering the top of the JjOke. all
edged with black lace frills This collar
formed part of a fichu filled into the neck
cially your own ailments: they; will dis
appear before a hearty laugh like dew be
fore the sunshine.
Never talk, Tead. think or see anything
pad or harrowing unless it 13 an impera
tive necessity. ... ; •
Never overtax your strength and. above
everythinr .ilse. sleep. Sleep whenever
you feel sleepy. .'.
Bper.d as much of your time as you pos
sibly can out of doors. There is no medi
cine in the world for the woman of nerves
equal to God's glorious sunshine.
Then feed up on nourishing brotbs.
little stakes and chops and plenty of
fattening cereals and drinks.
. Don't worry. No matter what comes,
don't make yourself and every one about
you miserable by fretting. Troubles may
seem to pile up around vnii moi'iiiat:ts
high, and you'll wonder if you will ever
live through them.
You wilt We all do.
And isn't it better to come out of them
with a smiling face than with several ad
ditional crow's feet and a number of
white hairs? Of course it is. .;■:;>:
So. even if the wi.man In the nrv; flat
does practice on a cornet seven or "ight
hours a day, and sings several half-tones
r>rr the key in between times, school your
self .not to hear it. Instead of wildly
K^Micur.-itir.g for the car you nay» just
missed, calmly wait for the r;>::t one.
Self-control is the secret of t!ie wr-ola
thing. Keep a stiff upper lipi and Instead
of a shr.e-';tring for a backbone have a
good firm piece of gristle, and whatever .
work you have to do. do it with the least
possible expenditure of worry and nerve
force. ..-: .-,
Answers to Correspondents
MISS SANDERS— Some one did once. I
believe, figure out the Ideal proportions
of a woman as to waist measurement,
length of neck, height; etc.. but I do- not
happen to have these measurements at
hand, so am unable to give them to you.
Am sorry. Hope n^xt time you come I
will be able to give you a more sats
factory answer. ". .--':/.:
MARlE— Following Is the formula for
the orange flower skin food. Spermaceti,
one-half ounce; white wax, one-half
ounce; lanolin, one ounce; cocoanut oil,
one ounce; oil of r.weet almonds, two
ounces; orange flower water, one ounce;
simple tincture of benzoin, ■ ten drops.
Melt the first live ingredients in a porce
lain kettle. When thoroughly incorpo
rated remove from the fire- and add the.
benzoin and the orange water. Then beat
briskly with an egg-beater until fluffy and
beginning to harden. • There is nothing
poisonous or inflammable about It. What
a very funny question! As though I would
suggest anything for the skin that was
either one of these two things. Be sure
and use a porcelain kettle in preparing
the food, as tin is Injurious to the oils.
Rub It into the skin at bed time, after the
face has been washed with tepid water
and castlle soap. Doubtless the little
eruptions that cause you so much unhap
plness are the result of some derange
ment of the digestive apparatus. Watch
your diet carefully. Also follow the gen
eral rules of hygiene so frequently laid
•out in this department. You will find Us
en reful and methodical. You are. very
Bensttive and easily hurt when no injury
is intended. Your life in the early part
shows poor health and trying conditions.
You will travel later in life.
EDD M., Mission— You are a good
hearted eapy-going individual, but so far
lacking 'in will power to carry out plans
frequently made. You are practical ajid
clear-headed, but a trifle too impulsive for
your own good. There are better financial
prospects ahead for you.
ZA CHARY TAYLOR— You are a cau
tious, conservative person, one who could
not br influenced readily by those about
you unless thuir methods appealed to your
judgment. Plenty of quiet determination
is shown here and much firmness.
MRS. PRINCE— Your hand .indicates a
nervous susceptible nature, interested In
anything occult or mysterious. You have
married a man of phlegmatic tempera
ment, who is, however, very fond of you.
VINCENT MARTIN— This hand shows
an impressible nature. You are fond of
the opposite sex and yet fastidious in the
selection of an object upon whom to lavish
your affection. You are sensible and emo
tional. . .... :^
MISS RUTH R — Your hand shows love
of ease and luxury and a fondness for all
the good things of this world, without a
corresponding desire to make the neces
sary effort to secure them. You are rather
willful and inclined to the material rather
than to the spiritual. •
MISS M. E.. Sacramento — You allow peo
ple to impose upon you through your af
fections and do not receive as much as
you lavish upon others. Do not allow
your heart to govern you so completely.
You will marry once.
MISS DAISY GONE— Tou will marry
happily, but a man with small means. In
the early part oT your married life you
I
rubies.; The hat which accompanied^this
dress was of black crinoline trimmed with
cherries. ;• cimr>, o t,natmo
A delightfully fresh and simple costume
worn by a young girl with lovely_eyes was
a cream-timed muslin «»*««* *ltn
roses and foliage scattered,at *Hleinter
vals. Lace^and t n _ a "°Yne the lace beinic
bon supplu^l the t immlnß. bMween m ,f
set in as rows of ins^on between pu«.
descending .thus almost to the anKies
where the stoo *as, taken up bj deep
lace flounces. The hat,of Milte trimmed
wuHne
£" ' ]lp string, instead of the usual two.
p Omlblv the mast notable thing about this
flr': s was te fashion of its sleeves, whose
wrist hnl lia apparently been cut out of
"exact scmare so that the four points
j^ down oddly over the hand. '■
.« h beautiful gown Is a sheer grass
-; °th, e Calculated to roule one to a-
Rreen une_ ° enthusiasms." The long polo
"l OI '"';„„ in : the back and slashed
2^c."cS P the right side, was threaded
nign en i , through with a lacing of
n"^ow bi-ick velvet ribbon and fell over
'"'' ' " lf, ' kirt of^eiicate biscuit-colored
an v™u™ r -£ . formed the under bodice
jace, " t } . low_rut corsage of linen
over wnk-Ji the »wrai of bf ack velvet
™*™%£™ ih% shoulders,
■ -"^l °\ l .es of.this dress Illustrated
VT^ sleeves or tnis^iressu.
No'^P"l? LJ ?*flo_^ EToves or the green
terine, diluted In three times as much
boiled water, a : very healing lotion.
EDITH M.— l cannot give you the nain«
of a prepared face powder through the
columns of this paper. If you wish a
home-made powder here Is the formula for
one that is delightful: One ounce Lu
liin's rice powdor, one ounce purest oxide
of zinc, one-half ounce carbonate of mag
nesia (finely powdered), twenty grains
horncie acid,, two drops attar of rose.
Have your druggist powder each ingre
dient separately in a mortar. Put your
rice powder through a fine s'eve and then
through bolting cloth. Do the same with
the oxide of zinc, magnesia and boracic
acid before adding them to the rice pow
der. "When all are combined put twlco
thror?RT. holt'ng cloth. After ench sifting
tin- iv, : away any particles that remn.ii.
Add t!:. alia' of rose last. If you wish
a cK-an'y tint to your powder add 'J.e
tiniest hUSßtstlon of finely powdered car
pin, ido r.«t happen to have the prep
aration:, fur the hair tonic you menl'.o-i.
A very excellent tonic, particularly for
hair that is oiiy. is made as follows:
Witch hazel, one. or.nee: alcohol, one
ounce; water", one-half ounce; resorcin.
forty grains. A*»i "-very morning with a
soft' spor-ro to he scalp.
AMY E.'PThe taking of drugs of any
sort Bhould niwfiys be regulated by the
advice of a physician. Phosphate of soda
is not really harmful, but. like every
thing e'se depends upon whether or not
•your physical system nceas it. If it does
then your complexion will probably be
much 'improved, for perfect health means
■■ nerfect sl'in. It ; s a nauseous dose and
1 do no" v.-i:mkr that it sickened you, tak
ing 1! Hs you did. You took it altogether
too frequently. fp large doses it is a
purgative: in smaller a diuretic. Tea or
coffee taken In moderate quantities will
not affict your complexion one way or the-
Other Yoiir friend probably had a beau
tiful skin naturally. Tt may be that soap
does not agree with your skin. Some peo
ple cannot uso it at all. In that case sub
stitute almond meal or fine flaxseed meal.
GRACIE A.— Here is the recipe for the
strawberry crcfim: Spermaceti, one-half
ounce; white wax. one-half ounoe; sweet
almond oil, two and one-half ounces;
strawberry Juice, three-fourths of an
ounce; benzoin, three drops. The cocoa,
crram made of equal parts of lanolin,
cocoa butter, and cocoanut oil. is .iust
what you need for developing the neck
am bust. , ■ _ • .
THELMA B.«-Have answered your. first
question by mail. l really do "not know
of any way of reducing large knuckles
except by constantly pressing them. The
cucumber milk will improve the .yellow
skin. Cream will not cause superfluous
hair to grow. I have never before heard
the theory about mashed grapes, so can
not give an opinion on the subject. The
drier and fluffier the hair the more In
clined it is to curl, so that any oil rubbed
constantly- into the scalp Is very apt to
make the hair less. curly. The astringent
wash is made by placing in a half-pint
bottle one ounce of cucumber Juice, three
ounces of elder flower water and one
ounce of eau de cologne. Then shake- the
mixture weir and add very slowly one
half ounce of simple tincture of benzoin,
shaking now and then. Then fill the bot-
will hnve to exorcise your usual economy.
You have an abundance of courage and
will make the most of your life.
W. S. S. . Fresno— You arc a person to
go to extremes In all you do. You like
to investigate every new system; are
broad-minded and courageous; easily an
gered but quickly over it, and are gen
erous In all your thoughts. You will make
money early In life and will marry once.
IDA McF., San Jose— This is the hand
of wasted opportunities, but there are
many happy possibilities Jn your future.
Ycu will marry a man of small means
at 20.
GEORGE NAFH. Napa— Your life has
been a serious disappointment owing to
your pSins having bexn thwarted in years
past. You must beware of liquor and try
to malse the best of yourself. Life holds
much for you still. ,
HELEN HANKS. Oakland— You are too
easily influenced, and you allow your emo
tions to rule your life. Exercise more self
denial and you will be happier.
FANNIE L.. Sonoma— You have had
two unhappy love affairs and in conse
quence arc cynical and cold-hearted.
CHeto up; there is better success for you
later on.
T. M. C, Hayes street— Ypu will have
a long and prosperous life, with few dis
appointments. Your married If fo has been
a happy one and will continue so.
N. C. GILBERT— This is the hand of a
man" engaged in mechanical work. You
would make a good civil engineer. You
will ir.arrv twice and be the father of
three children.
ROSE BAXTER— This palm indicates
a restless, irritable nature, inclined to be
fickle and proud. You will marry a man
who will dominate you, but for your best
good.
808 GLEN— You are always in trouble
.:.•■■ . • : " ' ' ■ ■ -. -• . o
hand in veritable mittens, which made the o
wearing of other gloves superfluous. Q
The green straw hat had a Short crown ft
and a high, flaring brim, which -was coy- w
eredwitlr black ostrich feathers standing 0
yet higher. Threaded through the crown 0
were scarf strings- of soft green and blacK 0
tulle, very full and -so arranged that half q!
were tied while the others fluttered down q]
almost to the waist line. - . J
Almost as pretty was a cool-looking v»
gray muslin spotted with white and made J|
quaintly chic by lines of tucks that ran in vjl
waving", sinuous fashion about skirt and «
bodice and sleeves below creamy lace di
flounces. Gray appeared again in the hat. «r
whose tint exactly matched that of the rv
muslin and which scarcely appeared un-. >
der the fluttering softness of beautiful <
gray ostrich feathers. <
Some of the most fashionable women at <
the swell resort invariably wear of a •
morning a white pique shirt with a 'A
white lawn waist, this toilet, simple as it (
sounds, being of the most exquisite cut {
and fashioning. The waist, which must >.
be of the sheerest, most cobwebby ma- «
terial, is intersected with unlined lnser- pp
tions of lace and is finished with dainty H
freshness and erectness, is more or less \f
of a mystery to those who have not mas- 0\
tered the modiste's secret of setting sma'.l <J\
upright bones, on the inside of the fairy- qj
like structures, which rear their heads q!
without hinting at the necessity of such r|
assistance. •:;:■., VI
Ecru or biscuit-colored pique has proved • V
one of the most satisfactory materials 0/
of the season, and at a recent club break- C
fast a dress of this sort appeared with q
a wide band of white pique at the hem. q
striped with blue. The skirt narrow and 0
swathing, lay six inches on the deck, and J:
the bodice had a double sailor collar of v
blue and white, with a soft white lace v
vest and a broad white band at the waist 0,
through whose buckle an end of the lace q/
was carried. Long, slender white wings. q '
decked the white straw hat, whose other j?
trimmings were black velvet and white v
tulle. 0,
■ O
! - ©
POINTS OF
USE FOR
ALL.
f
tie with elder flower water. The tincture
of benzoin ia a perfectly clear brown
liquid/ Cornstarch will not enlarge the
pores, especially If the face is thoroughly
cleansed with soap and water each night
before retiring. A hot solution of borax
—a teaspoonful to a quart of water— used
three times a day ought to drive away
the red blotches. Precipitated sulphur is
a powder. It is sulphur that has been
purified by precipitation and is altogether
different from the flower of sulphur. I
Have had no experience with the paste
you speak of. although I know it is fre
quently recommended. There la no rea
son why sulphur should make the hair
grow. :."• .S ,'
MRS. ROSE— I do not happen to have a
formula such as your first question de
mands. For your hair try this shampoo:
Powdered castile soap, one ounce; pow
dered borax, one ounce: alcohol, one
ouncef yolk of an <*g. well beaten; warm
water one pint. Put this in a bottle and
cork it tightly. Shake the bottle until you
have a fine lather. If carefully corked
after using it will keep in a cool place for
a long time. There are so many things .
more agreeable to use on the hair than
rastor Oil. The following tonic, for in
stance: Four ounces eau de cologne, one
half ounce tincture of cantharides and
one-fourth dram each of oil of lavender
and oil of rosemary. Apply to the roots
once or twice a day, using a small sponge
for the purpose.
c D T.— The following tonic is a cure
fordandruff and is also excellent for hair
that insists upon amputating itself from
the scalp: Forty-er-ht Brains resorcln.
one-fourth ounce glycerine and enough al
cohol to fill a two-ounce bottle. • Apply
every night, rubbing it well into the scalp, ,
While using this tonic the hair should be
washed every ten days and the ends
sho"uld be cut or singed once a montn.
\DKLAIL>E Many thanks for the
"very flattering opinion concerning me.
May you never be undeceived! For tne
hands give them a thorough cleansing
with lemon juice, followed by an applica
tion of cold cream, and hereafter wear a
pair of rubber gloves ; while washing
dishes and about yoirr housework. I am
sure the poor little hands will then cease
to be a source of mortification to you.
Regarding the mole, there is an acid that
you can apply yourself, but this will re
move only the mole and not the hairs. v
Electricity is the only thing that will re- ' C
move these permanently, so do you not C
think you had better find a skilled der- <;
matologist and let her do the whole thing -
for you? If you expect to come to the >
city at any time send me a stamped ad- C
dressed envelope -and I will give you the ,
address of some one here who will do the v
work for you thoroughly ' and without C
leaving any scar. Under any circuia- -,
stances do write to me again. • v
-'-- ■--■■;■ ''" (
of some kind, and lawsuits are your par- *
tlcular delight. You do not get on hap- vl
pily In your home life, partly by reason 0
of • your own disposition. /<.',' .: -' *
i■ t V
M.idar.ie Neergaard, pupil of St. Genjatn, ' ■C
scientific palmist; reading-, by mall. $1; offlci /)
hours ItoBp. m. «is Geary St., above Jones; )j
classes. - T -■: .' :■■ ■.- j!
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR <
{KSttaM^HBHI Is removed hy DR. and MRS C
BJErito, A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe f
881 -jSfpPwflj building;, 1170 Market st. cor
iR'-'^nii^l Taylor, rooms 28-29, with the C
f^^gu ma electric needle, without pain or 0
K^|f^j scar. Moles, warts, wrinkles, .
jSiS**"' _J>«3 blackheads, freckles, birth- \
Y'JSf.-T^Hm marks, etc.. also removed. Per- C
S|PB|B||Sao'W nianency guaranteed. Hours, I ■„
WRINKLES !
Removed and face rejuvenated by my- newly
discovered electrical process 'or 150 to $?00. Sea (
what the world's greatest serpentine dancer • X
- : LOIE 'FULLER, , ' . * ' v
cays about the skin food and tissue builder. " C
. BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM. ' V Q
. "I certainly can recommend your delightful «
cream - « one pf the' best things for its pur- - v-
pose I: have -'ever uaed " , ; ' 0
Autograph letter can be seen at office of .
V f. A. \K\ TRAVERSE, M. D. . v
Vr : — ; : "C
FREE TRcATMEINt. <
. .- BIONUTRINE FOR THE HAIR. -
• Restores gray or faded- hair to its natural 5
color, produces new growth on bald heads, re- >
stores lost eyebrows. Whoever, uses BIONU- C
TRINE once will forever, after eschew all other }
preparations for the hair. One week's treat- '
ment given FREE at I^ol Bush st., trom 1 to
sp. rn.-Mally. ' ■ ' - : -'-" — ■-•■ .-• -»jALL THAT IS HAPPENING AMONG THE LONDONERS.
INTERESTING
NEWS,
SOCIETY
BITS,
SCRAPS OE
GOSSIP
lAM in London. Something that I
should call a fog la hanging over
the city, bui as it is possible to see
across the street l am laughed at
for using the significant little word.
"A fog," rays the Londoner; "this
Is r.o fop. See how plainly you can dis
tinguish that man with -the white
blouse. v.-. and you can tell an om
r.ibus from a hansom very conveni
ently"; this Is no tog!"
r really poems a little
• ' ild think this the best
■ ay of fr>gs, for aa a
■ asts of his atro
with a zeal that could
be surpass" d by a dealer In Lob
A visitor to New
find it the hottest that
• r forty years. Napoleon
unique in finding It tha
I in Russia, the rainiest In Bel-.
est in Spain. Every tray
■■• experiences until ha
If .( hoodoo and
■ ry bad habit of cursing
a habit which can easily b«
. however, by a trip to London.
no matter how hot or how cold
the Londoner assures you
illy quite fortunate, for
son of the year It Is usually
- . yesterday the town
■t with shirtwaists and
i ■■. ent to 1 h Academy In
□ ion and found swiss dresses
la mode, but to-day I shiver
them and am looking 1
. y grate.
sudden change is quite ex«
übt," 1 remarked A
i ndoner.
• N not at all." was tha
"Nothing is extraordinary in
. : . \V< have known it to snow In
climate in the world:
i t is g ilng to do. You
j ■ bronchitis, cold in your
imatism, neuralgia "
' 1 protested. "Please
: • _m me away from London."
■ n . ! that in the world," he
A.ll the ills in Pandora's
a woman from Lon
■ason if it were possible
rei .in. nor ten wild horses
h( r here after the sea
! sed."
rest In this London
surprisingly universal. It
nd classes
' individuals of
spirations it is tlv time for
■ work. Royalty is here
atest splendor, attended
:' England. Every
who is anybody at all Is in town
present, whi< h means that
■ ■■-ins: spent and that times are
: the ti adespeople. The
md the corner, who is
• g th» presentation sown for an
■ lebutante, is quite as happy
• as the debutante herself.
: for us, who have neither robes
ike nor robes to wear, the London
n means much. It means Melba
Calve and Nordica and the De
Reszkes. It means Irving and
Terry and Bernhardt and Patti
Chamlnade. It means that
may revel to the fullest
ext«nt of our time and pocketbooks
in the best that the world has to offer.
It must be confessed, however, that
London does not show the same con
sideration for the student element that
one finds in the other cities of Europe.
In Paris and Berlin theatrical man
agers seem to realize that th" greatest
lovers and the best 'Titles are fre
quently among: those who must occupy
the (heap places, and provisions
made for their comfort. Not so in Lon
don. Here, as In America, comfort
be paid for in cold cash. The <v-
Vimest Wagnerian opera, when hecird
from a bench without a back while one
in Btifling in impure atmosphere, will
hardly impart a wealth of inspiration
to th* m | • ive soul.
At the Lyceum, Irving and Terry are
still giving "Robespierre, 1 which has
proved one of the greatest succ<
that London has seen for years, that is,
if crowded hoi ■ ss. A
critic whose opinion I r< spect having
rhapsodized at great length concerning
the latest Sardou sensatu-n I went to
"Robespierre" quite prejudiced in its
• but came away disappointed.
The play is an interesting melodrama,
but I cannot foresee that it will ever
CRITICISMS IN THE BOOK WORLD BY OUR LEADING ACTORS AND ACTRESSES.
Henry Miller Gives the
Ax to Max Beerbohm's
"More."
IVT kr.rnv in what light Max Beer
j ■•More" is regarded, whether
as a great work or not, and I have no
. • appear caustic in my c.rltl
y.n nerd not break the butter
ick with a wheel. My opinions may
rong—likely they are—for lam
aritic, and "the shoemaker should
stick to his last." However, in his
■ ■ ms to have given the full
. a meandering mind and his
y, if we may call it that, seems
I t of locking at things with
eyes. He indulges in certain
ring from peculiar
standpoints, and l;;cks the po\ver QUr
American writers have displayed in the
of literary work. The book i 3
n \> ry Buperior instance of journalistic
.. riting and undisputed clev-
In using that skill.
An author of this !::is his counter
part in the actor whose ability lies chief
ly in bis makeup box. Mr. Beerbohm's
memory serves him well. The quotation
mark seems to have been invented for
especial benefit and he thoroughly
-tands the effect of garnishing for
the public taste, lie knows how to make
Bive by dragging in bits pf
always relevant to the subject
I don't know why so many
do this. Perhaps it saves time
- less fatiguing than original
thought. The title seems to strike the
te of the composition. You have
but to turn the tap on at any moment
and get "more." To me, as an author, he
is much like his brother as an actor. Th«
aroma of numberless afternoon teas
- to weft itself from the pages as
we read. Nothing could be more fatuous
- mark In regard to grand opera.
How can a man be so rancidly conceited
set such an opinion before the pub
lic? He would not care if all grand opera
were burned. To blazon such narrow
■b* a classic. It is historically inaccu
rate, attributing to Robespierre quali
ties of mind and heart which he could
never have possessed. The love .story,
which is entirely imaginery, one can
easily forgive, but I resent ihe honest
tears that Irving is successful in ex
tracting over the well-deserved fate of
a monster. Th" fourth act, in which
Robespierre is haunted by the ghosts
of his victims. Is p Thaps Irving*s great
est opportunity, although the theme is
bo woefully trite. That stage ghosts
hay.> th'-ir* limitations there can be no
doubt. They are certainly not versatile
in possibilities, and yet in a brand-new
drama one expects at least a trifling ■
variation on the old played-out ghost,
a new style in sheets and pillowcases
or a new trick in flitting. Sardou's
ghosts art- the venerable phantoms
that we all know so well, and the effect
that they produce upon Robespierre is
the old familiar terror of Richard 111
and Macbeth. Irving's acting in this
part is all that could be desired, but
one feels that it could just as well have
been Richard itself instead of the imi
tation. Perhaps there is a good excuse
for th>> lady who wears paste diamonds
when she possesses the genuine articles,
but I fail to see why Henry [rving, who
has succeeded so distinctly in Shake
spearian drama, should condescend io
Sardou. Strange it seems that just i;s
the great English tragedian is takirg
up translations from the French. M- -
net-Sully and Bernhardt are beginning:
Shakespearian roles. The former, to
Othello, is playing to crowded housed,
ai;d the Londoners are not scorninig
Bernhardt's Hamlet by any means.
Why is it, I wonder, that the English
speaking people are supposed to be
weary of their classics? In Paris, Ra
cine, Moliere and Corneille are played
constantly. There is not a week dur
ing the theatrical season when it Is
not possible to witness a classical per
formance, yet here in the great English
metropolis the only presentation of any
English classical drama is by a foreign
woman in a foreign tongue.
Mrs. Patrick Campbell is devoting
herself to Sudermam's "Magda." and
the "Second Mrs. Tanqueray." Her
Magda is not so deep as that of the
great Duse. but it is clever, strikingly
so. "Mas-da" is not a play that is cal
culated to be popular. To half of th^>
audience It means nothing at all: to the
other half it suggests a dilemma for
which there is no remedy, and what is
the use of considering the irremedi
mindedness in print savors of asininity
There is a common trick used from time
to time by workers in all fields of art—
the trick of shocking the public into a
belief in their greatness. To be supercil
iously iconoclastic is thought to be cour
ageous, to be clever; when in reality it
is only to be Impertinent, and stupidly
impertinent at that.
Miss Roberts Discusses
"A Girl of Grit."
To begin with the title appeals to me.
In our profession such a qualification is
Indispensable, and its cultivation in all
walks of life should be encouraged, even
through the medium of a somewhat yel
low detective story. One character in the
tale is made to say, "Vast wealth is a
terrible burden— to us« it aright a grave
responsibility, especially so when it has
come undeserved." I would «;ay the same
of the present day's vast book supply.
No past misdeeds could have been seri
ous enough to make one deserve the re-
Iblllty of studying the variegated
lines of "Girls of- Grit" and "Men of In
decision" thut are forced hookwise under
one's very nose. I don't believe the
authors themselves think any too well of
such productions, but perhaps they are
none too pleased to find others sharing
their opinions. When a man in a com
mercial spirit writes down to a certain
element he must not expect to be written
up by those out of his selected Eden.
Were I a reviewer I should cultivate a
light pair of heels and run whenever I
saw the like. A woman can scarce ap
preciate the beauties and attractions of
a rough seafaring life puch as the book
deals with, in part, but she can easily
appreciate a strong handling of the sub
ject and know when she has been sepa
rated from herself and lost in the author's
atmosphere. I never once forgot aa I
read that there was a dressing-room, a.
make-up table,, a half-dozen gowns and
five acts before I could say that the day
was over. A season of such literature
and such diction would alter in time the
very quality of our souls and lead us on
to pen something like the following
literary wonder:
Dear Madam: I got the last book you
sent me to review and threw It overboard.
Don't lot on about It to the publio any
"A Fog," Says the Londoner; "This Is No Fog."
able? This little conventional world has
neither time nor talent to make spe
cial laws for th»- big, unconventional
woman. Tant pis, for her, but there
is no way out of it; she must trot along
with the herd.
Ellen Terry as Clarisse in "Robes
pierre" l| a failure. The part is a small
one-, but could be much greater than
Mi-s Terry makes it. She scorns it.
too conspicuously. She i? petting old at
last, this id<'al Portia. Rumor has it
thai her memory has become most
treacherous, a report that is quite con
firmed by the frequent hitches in her
lines. Terry, Patti and Kernhardt. the
three woman geniuses whose suns are
in thf West, are all in London just at
present. Of the three I think that Patti
shows her age th" least. Perhaps hav
ing forsaken in time th- operatic stage
she ruts herself to the smallest test.
However that may be, when she. the
Baroness Cederstrom, trips upon the
operatic stage, bowing and smiling in
h? 1 !- own cute little way. her audiences
go mad as in days of old. If there be
any wrinkles on her face they are most
artistically concealed and it requires a
vivid imagination to divine that they
are there. In* years Patti is fifty-seven,
but in radiance and sweetness she. is
yet a girl. Her voice is not all that
more than you can help, but come down
here and have a private talk with me
about it. Tt was so light in value that it
wouldn't fink and as it may be run down
any day by a well-steered reporting ship
1 have strong reasons for lying low.
Yours. .
Verily this is a book-making age and
various are the causes that have induced
men to become authors. Chill penury,
ambition, benevolence, avarice and re
wngp have Influenced the speed of the
pen and given us the incurable disease
called "intolerable weariness" trying to
keep up with it.
"A Girl of Grit." by Major Arthur Grif
fiths (R. F. Fenn'o & Co., New York and
London; cloth, 75c).
White Whittlesey Writes
of "A Dash F or a
Throne."
The popularity of "By Right of Sword."
that bids fair soon to enter its seventh
edition, encourages one to read "A Dash
for a Throne." The military novel, the
novel of adventure, will ever find an echo
In our hearts. From the time we steal
off to the hayloft to read undisturbed a
treasured copy of "Sleuth, the Detective."
to the moment we shall close our eyes to
all earthly influences adventure will stir
the blood and quicken th« pulre. Arid we
who love the romantic novel had .best not
be too severe upon a boy's enthusiasm for
his "Diamond Dick." Marchmont and the
others pick their characters from a better
set socially, are rather more particular as
to rhetoric, more punctilious as to eti
quette and the conventionalities, more
gorgeous in their selection of costume, but
after all the relationship may be traced
straight back to the hayloft treasure.
Marchmont seems to possess in perfection
the trick of opening his tales well. For
Instance, who would not have his interest
awakened by such a beginning as this:
"To a man who has been dead nearly five
years everything would be forgiven, prob
ably—except his resurrection." "We follow
the experiences of Count yon Rudloff with
Interest, until the only throne his Minna
carfs for is won.
The book Is action and rapid dialogue
from cover to cover, with no tedious ex
planations. All that we need to know
comes to our understanding throuph th«
mouths of moving cliajacurs and no at
THE SCJTDAT CALIi.
it us«d to be, certainly, but it is still
so well worth hearing that the change
is not pathetic. She still possesses the
old quality of reaching everybody's
heart. J <ln not know of any other Bing
er who can start the "--nuffles in an au
dience like Patti. The other day I
beard her sins "Home. Sweet Home"
and was really -mused at the conspiou
ousness of handkerchief* and red noses
throughout the vast assembly.
The pride of London in a musical
way is at present Clara Butt, a huge
girl, six feet four inches tall, with a
voice quite as huge as herself. Some
of her popularity is deserved for her
voice is naturally quite wonderful,
though very badly trained, the rest of
her p ipularity being simply due to the
fad that the Queen has made her the
fashion.
We are taught to believe that the
Queen of England nowadays has no
power, which is true, perhaps, from
the statesman's point of view. Un
doubtedly the Queen, even were she so
disposed, could not amuse herself by
cutting off the heads of her enemies,
as her royal predecessors were wont to
do, but. considered through less serious
and more feminine eyes, the Queen of
England is a deity. This little dumpy
lady, whose feet do not touch the floor
tempt Is made at literary flight or rhet
orical fancy. The story has a dramatic
value and might be dramatized with suc
ce?H by one whose insight "teaches him
how to choose correctly the best in situa
tion and dialogue. Dramatization is large
ly a matter of selection and when an un
skillful hand is at work even the choicest
material will not etit to advantage. As a
I'ook reviewer I should not feel -justified
in demanding a princely salary, though I
should certainly want one if I were called
upon to read and pass judgment upon a
shelf of books weekly.
" 'Twas heaven to lounge upon a couch,"
said Gray.
"And read new novels through a rainy
He was not a book reviewer, I'll be
bound, else had he said instead:
"The printed part, tho' far too 'large, is
less
Than that which, yet unprinted, waits the
prtps."
And as he eaid it would have feebly
called for beef tea and malted milk and a
quart or more of brain tonic. My brief
experience as a reviewer causes me to
sudde-ily fall in love with my own pro
fession," even though I were forced to
• • • "turn from gentle Juliet's woe
To count the twirls of Fanny Elssler's
toe'"
"A Dash for a Throne," by A. W.
Marohmont. (New Amsterdam Book
Company. New York. CloPh. $1 25.)
i — -•-
Margaret Anglin's Re-
view of "The Wolf's
Long Howl."
One night in my dressing-room I took
up the very attractive looking volume left
here for me, or rather for my opinion.
If I were to read with a view to criticism
I should never read at all, for ncr one
knows so well as my own poor pen how
thoroughly Incompetent It is to pass judg
ment on the work of any other pen. The
pleasure of reading good books from
cover to cover is a luxury granted to
those with time to command, yid so, not
knowing what choice to make from the
collection of stories in "The Wolf's Long
Howl," my hatpin was called upon to do
the duty of selection, and it slipped in be
tween the Dages of "The Man Who Fell
in Love." The title promised trouble, and
tho tale fulfilled tb« promise. Tho hero
of her carriage when she rides about in
splendor, may make or mar careers by
the batting of an eye. The Queen looks
at you — that settles it — you are worth
looking at. All England gets out its
lorgnettes. Clara Butt, It seems, was a
pupil at the Royal Academy, who had
never attracted any particular atten
tion until one day the Duke of Cm
naught, the Queen's second son. took a
notion to visit the academy. Miss Butt
sang and his Royal Highness deigned
to be pleased. Ho returned home and
communicated his pleasure to her Mi : ; t
Gracious Majesty, who graciously con
descended to have the young lady sent
for. Well, she sang before the Queen.
It appeared in the court circular that
her Majesty had deigned to listen to a
young person from the academy, and
Clara Butt's fortune was made. Now
she bellows forth "Ben Bolt" with a
very little more art than the un-Sven
galied Trilby and society bursts its
gloves in applause.
The English Bentlment for the royal
family is" a revelation and a surprise
to me. I cannot get ustd to it. So
thoroughly saturated am I in Ameri
canism that royalty has always seemed
to me something of a joke, a little rem
nant of fairy tale days that nobody
took quite seriously. It is very slowly
leaves his club and his business for a trip
to his childhood's home, where he falls in
love with— his dear old mother! Now. this
Is beautifjil, but Jack had one grave fault
in my eyes. When they po a-swectheart
ing and he takes the dear old dame to
town he should never have been guilty 0..
inviting another woman in to choose for
her a new bonnet, for "Vanity :s part of
love, if love is test of vanity." When
stories are given titles that lead you to
expect what you don't get and are yet
consistent with the tnle. the author may
safely be called original, and pleasantly
so when, as in the case in question, the
surprise is not disappointing. "The Wolfs
Long Howl" suggests forests and fron
tiers and melancholy isolation and the
need all flocks have for care and shelter.
If my hatpin had chosen less wisely it
might have prevented your finding out,
happily for yourselves, the reason for the
author's choice of subiect. Hatpins are
not given hends for nothing!
"The Wolfs Long Howl," by Stanley
Waterloo.
EdWinStevens on "Tam
ing of the Jungle."
When Dr. Doyle fled to India to
escape the ghost of Sherlock Holmes
he did well. In introducing us to
his delightful Rain Deen in "The
Taming of the Jungle" he places us
under such deep obligations that we feel
the amende honorable has been made and
find it in our hearts to forgive him for
Holmes' untimely demise. To one un
familiar with Hindoostanese, the opening
chapters of the new work do not give
promise of the delights to follow. Once
having absorbed, so to speak, a glossary,
the interest never flags, and Rain Deen
is admitted to your literary holy of holies.
Trie very simplicity and unpretentious
ness of the book disarm you, and by a
subtle something in the style the jungle
Is placed before you, and as you lay the
screed down with a sigh of regret you
can almost hear the "Lobhan there Kood
ruth!" and— well, you feel better for hav
ing known Rain Deen and his- associates.
The one jarring note in- the book is the
chapter where the atithor injects himself
into the story. You have become so
mentally Hindooesque by the time you
reach that point you feel a sense of in
iurv a discord to the sensitive ear; but
)r " Doyle ao evidently loves India that ho
znav be pardoned for prospecting his ego.
dawning npon me that here the divine
right of kings is a solemn dogmaof faith
and that our doctrine that all men are
created equal is the most sinful species
of heresy. Think of it, the Declaration
of Independence a sin! It is mightily
like declaring the Ten Commandments
all off! Of course one finds occasional
English subjects who criticize the royal
family and advocate social equality in
true republican fashion, but they. I
believe, are not the representative Eng
lish people.
They belong as a rule to a younger,
more progressive generation; to newer
families who have no lineage to boast
of. Amonsr the genuine old British
stock there is but one name more sacred
that "Queen." God and Queen are
breathed with almost equal fervor. A
few days ago I spent the afternoon with
one of these loyal old familiies. iv this
case old in more than one particular.
It consists of four maiden ladies, the
youngest 52, all living in an ancestral
mansion under the protection of their
father, who is S6 years of age. The ex
perience was like a chapter from an
old English novel, although I as an
American felt incongruously new. The
ladies occupied themselves with em
broidery and wo gossiped over the tea
cups quite like Jane Austen's heroines. .
The cups, by the way, were 150 years
old: the spoons were ?M, and so was th<!
clock that ticked on the huge old man
tel.
"Have you ever made a collection of
crests?" was one of the questions that
was put to me in the course of the
conversation.
"No; I haven't. How do you begin
euch a collection?"
"Why, simply take tho crests from
note paper. You very soon acquire the
hal'it of saving them from all your cor
respondents ard it makes an interest-
Ing scrapbook."
I stated as delicately as I could that
tho crests of|my correspondents would
probably not make a very enormous
scrnpbook.
Tho entrance of the old gentleman in
terrupted our inspection of the crest
collection. Although white and totter
ing with his 86 years, his gallantry
could not have been surpassed by the
veriest ' Prince Charming. "I am de
lieht^d to sf>e you again." h° said, with
his hard on his heart and the most
graceful of bows. As it was the first
time that li* j had ever laid eyes on me
the "again" seemed a trifle superflu
ous.
"This is the first time that you have
ever met Miss Green," explained his
daughter.
"Ah. is that so? Then the greater
pleasure now," was the self-possessed
response.
We gotjLlonK beautifully, the old gen
tleman and I. he showing me a transla
tion thai he had made of Homer, and
finding it very strange that I. living in
America, had e,ver hoard of Homer.
rtunately something was said
about the Queen, and then I lost my
friend. To quote Bill Nye, "a little
cloud al.out the size of a % doormat
dampened our horizon."
"A wonderful woman i? the Queen,
said the old gentleman, enthusiasti
cally "Wonderful, wonderful! Do you
not find her so? And the Prince of
Wales, a magnificent eharactes! Do you
not admire him?"
"I'm afraid I'm not Very well edu
cated in the attainments of either the
Qu>=on or the Prince." I said evasively,
but the old gentleman was not content
Ha became politely spiteful because I
didn't absolutely assent.
You cannot read the work without hear
in ?he° -fungle," by R. Conan
Doyle. ,
Manola Mould Gives
Points on "Nigel Fer
rard."
"Nigel Ferrard" is a fairly interesting
book of no great literary merit. The
story is badly constructed and lacks de
tail to make the plot plausible. Some
of the characters are clear-cut and well
drawn and the moral balance is good,
but it is too full of unnecessary argu
ments and platitudes, which, while they
may be of interest, are incongruous in
this book and seem to have been put in
for the purpose of stringing out a thin
plot In a few instances there is a ten
derness passionateness and intensity
which are refreshing and interesting, even
beautiful, but these passages are so -wal
lowed up by the painful effort of the au
thoress to create a morbid and unnatural
atmosphere and the general sensational
and -commonplace style that they are in
e^n°a novel of Bertha BC Clay's or Laura
Jean Libbey's one k.oks for a steep-walk
ing heroine with a most convenient ten
dency toward losing her memory, whi
flnalfv marries her adoring guardian, but
in a "book of any pretensions to literary
merit one hopes for something more origl
n£ "Nigel Ferrard," by G. M. Robins. (J.
B. Lippincott & Co., Philadelphia. Paper,
50 cents.)
hjattie Bell Ladd Stud
ies "A Little Legacy."
"A Little Legacy" is a collection of
short stories presenting phases of English
life and carrying us from London and her
environs to. the beautiful out-of-town
houses of British wealth and hospitality.
Short stories are a wise provision for the
busy, and when weil told, as they are in
"A Little Legacy," they prove a pleasant
recreation. "Only Kitty" is one of the
best, telling the story of an ingenuously
happy young girl who takes her pleasures
in defiance of that bugbear, good form,
and enjoys herself to the top of her bent.
SEEN BY ONE
WHO
IS ON THE
SPOT
AND CAN TELL
ABOUT IT.
"I suppose over there in America you
don't know the meaning of the word
loyalty." he said, with a smile that was
a trifle Ironical.
"Oh, yes, we do; but not that kind of
loyalty. We are all kings and queens
In America," I said, perhaps a little
flippantly.
Had I declared myself one of the most
blessed Trinity I don't think the old
gentleman could have been mor©
shocked. From his point of view I had
been guilty of absolute sacrilege. I had
Jested with the sacred name of Queen.
He struggled with himself for several
minutes, then made his excuses and
went to walk in the garden. "I hope I
haven't offended your father," I said
to one of the daughters. "You know
royalty is entirely new to me, and I
haven't learned how to consider It."
"Oh, you mustn't mind father," sh»
said apologetically. '"You see, he is
very old, and you happened to strike
his particular hobby. He is a royalist
to the core, and considers it wicked to
maintain that all men are equal. But
you mustn't mind him," she Insisted.
"We understand that it is only the
fault of your education that you think
such things."
The "fault" of my education was not
as comforting as she intended it to be.
However, I let it pass. "And how do
you feel about it?" I said, with Increas
ing interest. "Do you believe that God
intended men to be. divided Into
classes?" "Certainly I do," she an
swered warmly. "We cannot imagine
a government successful where the ser
vant may stay to his master 'I am as
good as you!' Dear me," she shud
dered, "it must be horrible to belong
to the same class as every dirty man
in the street."
"Oh. we don't invite the scavengers
to sit at our family board," I felt it my
duty to explain. "It is not inconsist
ent with Americanism to class our
selves as the clean and the unclean.
Of course the latter are not Irretrieva
bly doomed, since it is quite easy to
scrub up, should one feel so disposed."
As the conversation developed I
found it rather difficult not to betray
tho fact that our equality is so largely
a theory, and that we are not much
given to practicing what we preach.
A? T went out of the house I met th«
old gentleman, who came forward and
offered me his arm, evidently in a
much better humor. "You do not love
our royal family simply because you
have not learned how noble and gener
ous they are," he said. "Mary, tell Miss
Green what you were telling me yes
terday about the Prince of Wales."
And then Mary told me this simple
story with the greatest approbation, a
story which she had heard from her
maid, who in turn had heard it from
the shoemaker in question.
During the recent trouble of the
Prince with a broken leg this indi
vidual was employed to make a sort of
brace for the imperial foot of. the royal
anatomy. Naturally all of his ingenuity
was exercised, and the result proved
most satisfactory. One day he re
ceived notice to call at Marlborough
House on a certain day at a certain
hour. Arriving exactly, he found It
necessary to wait a very long time for
his Royal Highness, who at length ap
peared very regretful for the delay. "I
must apologize to you," he said, in his
most amiable rrianner. "I realize that
your time is most valuable and should
never have kept you waiting, but a
man called to see n~e whom I could not
dispose of. I must assure you, sir, that
I feel very humble in the presence of
such genius as yours." Thereupon he
presented him with a pin bearing his
crest in diamonds. The shoemaker
since then has undoubtedly raised his
prices, and I have no doubt that his
patrons are glad to pay the increase for
the privilege of patronizing the man to
whom the Prince apologized. The
Prince is certainly very popular
among her Majesty's subjects. Such
acts of affability as the shoemaker in
cident seem to atone most bountifully
for all his many escapades. "He is
very good now," every one agrees,
with a most forgiving emphasis on the
"now " In Paris, however, different
tales are told. The Prince spends much
of his time in the ay French capital
tinder a comfortable incog, and more
than one Parisian actress is advertised
as his favorite. His face is quite as
familiar to Parisians as to the people
of London, arid on account of his in
cog there association with him Is much
more GREEN.
Without so much as by your leave, aha
reaches out and takes your heart and
never seems to know she has it. By a
happy accident she becomes acquainted
with an eligible parti, whose favor an
elder sister is trying to win, and in the
face of an astonished family steps in and
becomes his exuberant if somewhat teary
fiancee. It is another example of thß
charm a true man must find in the asso
ciation of a fresh, unspoiled nature, and
the danger that lies in losing one's indi
viduality by becoming a pattern ynun?
woman. The meat of the stories is hap
pily hinted at in -well-selected introduc
tory quotations. "Those Sort of People"
is interesting because, as does not often
happen in real life, when busy crowds
are elbowing, a young woman makes her
happiness and domestic fortune by sacri
ficing her heart's longing to make an old
friend happy. Pictures of social struggle
for recognition are well drawn, and some
apt, terse speeches are used, as for In
stance when opposition Is giving way
we are thus informed: "The truth was
that Fate — whimsical Fate — had pierced
between the joints of armor already rat
tling." Again, we read: "Pride and so
cial ambition— those two evergreen de
mons — did not infrequently rumple up
waves when otherwise all might have
been smooth sailing." The bad genius of
th* story is one of those sort of people
we often meet in real life, who may be
summed up in the author's words thus:
"The watched people go out and in, took
stock of their clothes, their movements,
their manners and their affections. She
did not like it if young visitors were
taller or smarter or wittier than her own
offspring." The book takes its name from
the initial story and is well worth the
time spent In reading it.
"A Little Legacy." by Mrs. L. B. Wal
ford. (Stone & Company, Chicago.)
The Ttubaiyat of Tommy Kelly, by Ray
mond F. Ayers. as published in Book
Notes for July, contains this final »-ersa
of keen and widely applicable humor:
He wrote of things he did not know about.
But no one ever found his secret out.
He Used so many polysyllables
Hia meaning was forever wrapped in douDt.
His -articles created much surprise.
The critics -scarcely could believe their eye*.
Here was a man they could not understand.
Unanimously they said. "He is wise.
Walter Paters advice to writers to tak&
any pains to secure the one word which
exactly conveys their meaning would, if
followed, lift from much modern fiction a
tlresom© weight of. verbosity*
2526
A SAW FRANCISCO
INVENTION IS THE
LATEST TERPSICH
OREAN NOVELTY.
/""Y HOULD the Muse Terpsichore
\Oy visit Pan Francisco to-day she
V J would find here a childish treas-
N -/ ure that would delight her heart.
Infantile dancers there are
here, mid many, who have danced
themselves into the affections of an ad
miring public and won for themselves
far more than local fame. But there is
one little native son of the Golden Gate
city who is something really phenom
enal In his own special lines, and thone
lines radiate in various directions.
His name is Arnold Orazer, and he
first saw the light of day nine short
years ago, but he has danced almost
from the time that hs began to balance
himself unsteadily upon his small and
wobbly feet. His whole sensitive little
body thrilled to the throb and rhythm
of music before he could speak the
words that told how much he loved it;
and as soon as he could safely walk
alone he began to invent, before a long
mirror, little dances of his own which
were marvels of grace and rhythmical
movement.
Fortune has favored him, for his par
ents have been able to give him every
advantage in the way of Instruction for
the developing: and perfecting of his
special talent. Placed first under the
care of the best local teachers, he later
became a pet pupil of the celebrated
Janseuse. Madame Bonfanti. then of
New York, and afterward took a course
<jt lessons from Katharine Bartho, th«
famous Russian premiere.
For the past two years little Arnold
has be^n .allowed to exercise his truly
wonderful gift, both professionally and
at various benefit and charity enter
tainments, and whenever he has ap
peared he has made a most signal suc
cess. It is. however, a matter of pride
to him. young as he is, that his public
triumphs are won on purely artistic
rather than personal grounds.
While he possesses all the charm of
unspoiled and ingenuous childhood, com
bined with a -winning grace of manner
which could not fail to predispose even
a most cold and critical audience In
his favor from the moment of his first
appearance before them, the good-na
tured indulgence invariably shown to a
child's efforts at entertainment is so\m
succeeded by surprised admiration, In
which the consideration of greater or
less years has no place, and.discrim
inating applause such as is won alone
by real merit and not bestowed simply
to please the recipient.
To one who has an Intelligent appre
MYSTERIOUS MIRROR DANCE.
elation of the many difficulties -which
have to b<- surmounted in order to be
come even a passable danc*r in any
one fine of this graceful and always
charming: art, this small Arnold cannot
but seem little if any short of being an
absolute phenomenon. It require?, we
are told, years of p^r.sist^nt and pains
taking- effort and application to make
even iho most ambitious and persever
ing pupil into an acceptable toe-dancer.
And we are, moreover, assured that
such a pupil once having acquired the
ability to move about more or less
gracefully on the tips of the feet, in
stead of in the manner intended by
nature, is forever debarred from arriv
ing at anything save mere mediocrity
in any of the other styles of fancy
dancing.
The reason for this, It is said, is that
constant practice with the feet in the
perfectly unnatural position, which is
necessitated hy toe-dancing, first
strains the muscles and tendons and
Joints and then has a tendency to so
harden and stiffen them that anything
like the pliability necessary for step
dancing of any kind becomes an utter
Impossibility. While this may be, and
undoubtedly is, true in the generality of
cases, It certaintly has not been in the
case of Arnold Grazer. His tiny feet
and ankles instead of Incurring the pen
alty of partial rigidity through his de
fiance of anatomical rules and regula
tions, seem to have gained by the
means a most unusual degree of pliabil
ity, and to have been rendered capable
of doing more astonishing things than
feet and ankles ever did before.
Of late Dr. Grazer, Arnold's father,
has been engaged in perfecting an ar
rangement of mirrors and colored lights
designed to exhibit the young dancer
In a most novel and original way during
a "turn" in which his varied talents
have full scope. A "private view" re
THE STTPTDAY CAI/L.
ARNOLD QRAZER
€B tm (fi
RUTH ROLLINS,
THE DANCERS.
hearsal of this newest Invention in the
way of stage entertainment proves the
setting to be something so out of the
ordinary in the line of spectacular
effect and the "turn" so unusually ex
cellent of itself as to merit more than
cursory mention.
The background — a sextuple screen of
immense mirrors — is at first reminis
cent of Ilerr (!. yon Palm's inventions
which so increased the charms of La
Ix»ie Fuller, Papinta and several other
danseqses, who have delighted an en
thusiastic public by their manifold
beauties. There is, however, a distinc
tive quality about these especial pieces
of reflecting glass which becomes strik
ingly apparent later on, and, in the es
timation of the uninitiated, adds to
Arnold's performance an element very
nearly, if not quite, approaching to the
marvelous.
With the lights turned on well in
front little Arnold makes his entrance
with all the sang froid of a mature
actor of established and world-wide
reputation. Pink shoes and pink tights,
a white satin coat and vest, a red bo-u
--tonniere, a tall white hat perched upon
the curly blonde hair and a cane In the
dimpled white hands complete a cos
tume that is as richly elegant as It ia
becoming, and the "coon song" which
the little actor sings in a clear strong
voice is one to "bring down the house
wherever heard. Buck and wing danc!
ing of the moat approved type alter
nates with the melodious stanzas, dur
ing the last one of which a most won
derful thing happens.
The polished mirrors, which have
heretofore shown us six small pink
tighted and white-satin- clad figures,
bowing, 'gesticulating, smiling and do
ing simply surprising things with their
pink-booted feet in unison with the
graceful little boy who holds the cen
ter of the . stage, become suddenly
transparent and Arnold's vocal apos
trophes to his charmer, who, he de
clares, is "sweet as sugar cane," ar«
addressed to a lovely little maiden who
becomes instantly and mysteriously
visible, seated. Juliet fashion, in a bal
cony at the rear of the stage.
The whole effect is for the moment
bewildering, and is the result of lone
study of the properties of certain chem
icals and the lavs of reflection and re
fraction. All through little Arnold's
turn the possibilities of this combina
tion of glasa and Ingenuity are ex
ploited to the utmost and the result is
delightful in the highest degree. Ar
nold and his little par'ner, pretty Ruth-
Rollins, appear and disappear in the
most surprising and apparently inex
plicable manner. At one moment they
are on the stage dancing like fairies in
company with a dozen other small peo
ple, all similarly costum-il and all vy
ing with each other in the matter of
steps and postures. An instant later
and a solitary couple are waltzing lr»
a moonlit garden undor a canopy of
dew-heavy roses, and their fairy com
panions have disappeared apparently
into thin air. The whole thing is as
fascinating to the eye as it is confus
ing to tht> average mind.
When little Arnold, costumed and
"made up" in exact likeness of his fa
mous teacher. Katharine Bartho. comes
In a whirl of billowy lace and shimmer
ing silk and dances one of "the divine
Bartho's" own especial dances on the
very tiptops of his little toes.'six other
imitation premieres perform the same
difficult feats with just as much ease
and grace as does the flesh-and-blood
.sprite who looks identically like the
IBartho viewed through the wrong end
iof an opera glass. When he does the
more than difficult "ankle rock step,"
in which he rivals his quondam in
structor, half a dozen other Katharines
proceed to prove conclusively that it is
really not so very difficult after all;
when he crosses the stage on the points
of his pink slippers the half dozen pick
up their fluffy petticoats and march and
countermarch, and meet him, and back
away from him, and circle around him
until the whole place seems to be a
whirlpool of feminine finery, and pretty
faces, and gracefully beckoning arms,
and utterly entrancing pink legs. A
single pirouette fills the whole place
with apparently feininine- dancing der
vishes, and over all the beautiful col
ored lights hover and change from mo
ment to moment until they all blend
into the combined hues of the rainbow,
and then — presto! Katharine Bartho's
kittle impersonator is walking quite se
dately along a river bank under the
soft light of twinkling stars, with no
company whatever save that of his own
sweet self.
A Cakewalk participated In by four
teen contestants, all of whom are
equally proficient in this modern fash
ionable amusement, is as altogether
lovely as a cakewalk can possibly be.
Little Ruth, a plump little darling of
eight happy summers, does well her
own share toward making this feature,
and all the others in which she has a
part, the pronounced success that they
are. She is pretty, graceful and thor
oughly self-possessed and Is well
trained in that her training is not the
conspicuous feature of her work, and
she has the charm so infrequently re
tained by children in public life of per
fect naivete and naturalness.
To prove the lithesomeness of his
limbs and the versatility of his accom
plishments. Arnold changes from one
style of performance to another as
easily as another child would change
from walking to hop-skip-and-jump
and back again.
He gives a truly wonderful exhibition
of the possibilities of toe-work to one
who is an adept in that difficult branch
of his art. He dances on one foot and
then on the other, he goes across the
stage and back again, he pirouettes, he
bends and sways, and goes forward and
backward, and does perfectly unbeliev
able things, in fact — all on the very tips
of his toes and without once deviating
from the straight line that runs from
his knee down through those tense and
firm little ankles to the point of con
tact with the floor.
And then he bursts upon our view
robed in a most fetching silken suit of
emerald green and does an Irish jig
with as much sprightliness and grace
as if he had devoted his whole short
life to the task of mastering the details
of that popular diversion, and he fol
lows this up by a kind of heavenly
hornpipe, in which he appears in a
sailor suit of such transcendent beauty
as would tempt most of us to run away
to sea were it the custom of our gallant
captains to furnish their crews with
garbs of such a kind.
The finale of this most delightful pri
vate entertainment was a military
march, participated in by both Arnold
and Ruth.
Both children bear silken American
flags in their hands and use them most
effectively in the mazes of the magic
march that follows, during which the
stage seems full of little girls and boys
going through the most graceful and
complicated of evolutions amid a flut
tering of flags here, there and every
where, and under the glorifying bene
diction of lights now soft, now bright,
long rays weaving together a canopy
over the small heads and single rays
searching out the happy childish faces
and bringing them into bright relief
against the glittering background of
the polished mirror surfaces. Up and
down they go, and around and around;
and the flags flutter now close together,
now far apart, and the smiling faces
look at us from every angle and cor
ner, and the little feet tread the most
intricate of measures, until of a sudden
the lights go down.
Then the laughing crowd of children
vanishes into thin air; the mirrors, too,
disappear, and in their place we behold
a wall covered with an artistic drapery
composed of the loved banner of our
country, and in the center of the stage
stand Ruth and Arnold alone with their
flagstaff s crossed, the silken folds of
their flags floating aloft just touching
their reverently bowed heads as in
silent blessing.
Such Is the "turn" -which is just now
engrossing the attention of little Arnold
Grazier. It is well worth the seeing, is
it not? But, unfortunately for the many
who would be more than glad to look
upon it, for the present it is only on
'•'private view."DAY BY DAY WITH GENERAL SHAFTER
(~>f rRELY the lines of a eomiriand-
ing officer of the United States
V J army have never fallen In pleas
r*"^ anter quarters than the Black
Point military home of Major
General Shafter. There is perhaps no
more beautiful spot in the Union than
the rocky promontory by the Western
sea.
Any visitor who cares to bask In the
sunlight of a summer day, refreshed by
deliciousiy cool winds from the west
and intoxicated with the perfume of
trailing nasturtiums that cover the
steep banks, can find no better resting
place than at Black Point.
"I say, I really cannot let you In with
that camera, don't you know?"
And the mounted orderly on guard
outside the ponderous iron gate at
Black Point sprang: from his horse,
"touched his eyebrow," stood attention
and towered abova me In his formidable
spurs and Jingling armament.
Perhaps, I feebly suggested, perhaps
by order of the commanding officer I
can smuggle this unwelcome machine
Into the grounds? Perhaps— but I— lt
was not necessary to- finish the sen
tence.
Cap In hand and obeisance low, h©
waved me permission to pass.
An appointment with the comman
der-ln-chlef was quite a different thin*.
. The house occupied by General Shaf
ts is the first building approached
from the gate. It is flanked on the east
and south by acres of closely propped
lawn, and commands magnificent views
of.AJcatraz, the sheeny waters of the
bay and a fine glimpse of the San Fran
cisco harbor.
Tt was at an early hour that I pressed
the electric button to General Shafter'a
cuter reception room.
The bell vas promptly answered by
Mariano, a Cuban boy, whom the gen
eral brought with him tram Havana.
If the general is not busy answering
telegraphic messages or other impor
tant business the visitor is not kept
waiting, but is admitted at once to his
presence.
The great clock on the mantel was
■triking eight.
"The general is at breakfast," an
nounced the boy.
Would I. wait? Oh, yes; and study
in the meantime the great quiet that
pervaded the atmosphere in the home
of peace— a quiet which ever hovers
around affairs momentous and is a har
b!ns?».-r of happiness In domestic life.
The reception room is furnished in
red; the ceiling is low and the walls
are covered with red tapestry.
An old-fashioned stairway cuts the
middle of this room on the south and
at its right opens a door leading to the
general's office.
Thefcreception room gives one the feel
ing of quiet luxury,, without useless
bric-a-brac, but I knew when I entered
that a woman's hand had fashioned the
comforts of the house. I knew by the
flowers in the vase, by the easy ar
rangement of furniture, by the pictures
on the wall, by the thousand and
one little earmarks that do not disguise
a woman's touch. The taste was ex
quisite and lacked the furniture store
"stay where I place you" order of
things. : ,* ;lt "<*!'■._■■ r
And the woman whose individuality
lurked- in the arrangement of Black
Point quarters is none other than
General Shatter's own gracious daugh
ter, Mrs. McKittrick, the wife of Cap
tain McKittrick of the commander's
staff. :;?t:^.
"I am so sorry to have kept you
waiting," said a kindly voice from the
doorway, then General Shatter, with a
bearjtful pf Byjnpathjr for^the^br.ead-li
winners, advanced with extended hand.
"Mary!" he called to his daughter, as
Captain and Mrs. McKittrick came Into
the room, "allow me to present Miss
Lee."
And oh what a happy trio I found
them; and these three individuals com
prise the family of the house of Shatter.
"Nothing could be simpler and more
methodical than father's dally life,"
■aid Mrs. McKittrick. "Why, he eats
by military discipline and sleeps the
least of any man I ever heard of. I
cannot understand how he bears up
under his active life with so little rest.
I really do not believe that he gets.
more than three hours' sleep In the
fK-enty-four.
"We breakfast at 8 o'clock, then
/ather reads his mall and It nothing of
Importance prevents we go out for an
hour's ride — sometimes to the Presidio
and frequently to the park. Then very
often we return to find his office filled
with women and crying: babies to plead
for their husbands' discharge."
Even as she talked the doorbell rang
and three women were admitted to his
»tudy, which is in. the couth wing of the
bouae.
The general left us In the outer room
.^but their earnest, penetrating voices
floated through the open door.
"Now, Just listen," said Captain Mc
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Kittrlck, and we suddenly fell Into si
lence.
One woman wanted a pass on the
transport that she might Join her hus
band in Manila. And the other— we
did not hear what Bhe asked, but we
heard the general's question, "Upon
what grounds?" Then the timid
woman's voice betrayed her emotion,
but strengthened her purpose, and ehe
said,' half shyly:
"Because — Mr. Shifter, because — I
Just can't live without h'ir.."
"What did you let h!m go for?"
queried the sympatheilc judge.
. "Well, you ace, I didn't know that I
really cared so much." Then, hesitat
ingly, "We were only married last
month; and I hadn't time to f.r.d out
until ho had gone."
A prolonged "O h" was-the com
mander's reply.
Now I am'sorry that I cannot tell you
how that little matter ended, for the
next Instant the hostess brought me a
letter from a Philadelphia shoe firm
asking what eize of shoes her father
wore — the style, kind of leather, and
wanted to know how many pairs he
usually kept on hand.
""Why, this is only one of the many,
many letters that he sets at every post.
Tou would be surprised at thr; number
of bablas .who cave been named for
HOHE LIFE OF
THE COfiriAN
DER OF THE
OF THE PA
CIFIC SHOWN
BY A CAMERA
him. and of course these letters must
be answered.
"I mean these letters from the chris
tened infants* mothers, and he usually
sends each one a souvenir spoon.
"Father goes to his office at 9:80 a.
m. He v.orks steadily until 4:30 in the
afternoon, then comes home to dinner.
Very often he is kept busy until 8
o'clock giving advice or listening to the
troubles of mothers whose sens have
gone to war, or to the wives of soldiers
left behind.
"It Is such a long way out here and
he cannot beer to disappoint them, and
I have known him to cancel evening en
gagements Just that he might give com
fort to those who aoked his advice."
Mi*. McKittrick, like her father, Is
unspoiled by social success.
We passed ■ through' the -music- room
to a room in the east wing which over
looks the bay and contains curios, In
dian trinkets v and battle trophies,
brought from Pine Ridge and Santiago.
Aftev we had examined battle axes,
machetes" and Spanish cannon of which
volumes might be written, Mrs. McKit
trick suggested that we hunt for
•'Galllna," the mascot hen that came all
with a laugh, "although he cannot ex-
"You have heard about the mascot
hen, haven"t you?" she said, laughing
ly. "No? Then have father ten you."
**Oh, that Is an old story," the general
modestly answered; "in fact, I knew
but little about it until the chicken was
brought to me. My aids found a half
starved Cuban boy who came from a
destitute family. They gave him a good
dinner, then packed a burro with pro
visions, set him on top and started him
out for horne — never expecting to see
him again.
"Two or three days later the little fel
low came back with his hand thrust
Into the bosom of hi 3 ragged shirt, and
held it there until he stood before me,
when, to my surprise, he drew out hia
hacd and gave me this chicken.
"A chicken in that desolate country
was an extraordinary sight — no one
knew where he found it — and he only
said, 'Muchas gracias," and leaving the
Chicken In my hand he ran away.
"5Ve kept that chicken. It roosted in
» birdcage until it grew too large, and
frequently perched upon the headboard
of my bed.
"But now come and look at Toral. I
am very proud of him, I assure you."
"Toral came from Santiago, also,"
•aid Captain McKittrick, patting the
pony's head, "and we have named him
Toral' after his former master, from
whom we captured him."
"Now, what do you prize most of all
of your battlefield spoils, General Shat
ter?"
"Mariano," interrupted his daughter,
with a laugh, "although he cannot ex
actly be called a relic of war. Father
Is very fond of him and will keep him
as lons as he wishes to remain."
"Mariano's relatives were perfectly
willing for him to come with father and
knew that he would have the advan-
ta.se of travel denied to him in Ha
vana."
Just then an orderly cam© up tne ave
nue, leading General Shafter's horse.
"It is not a very fine-looking animal,
is It?" remarked the general. "Every
body seems to be afraid of him." Then
he laughed heartily.
"What is his name?"
" 'Bill,' " was the emphatic answer—
"not a very pretty name, is It?"
"Do you knov;." said his daughter,
drawing me aside, "I am dreadfully
frightened every time I see him go out
on that horse. Why? 'Bill' kicks and
cuts such great capers, especially when
he has not been exercised Cor a day."
The general overheard the conversa
tion . and good-naturedly suggested:
"Only one end of 'Bill' goes up at a
time when I am r>n his back."
"That's so," said Captain McKlttrick.
There is such # feeling of genuine
affection in this little family of three,
a quiet, undefinable warmth and trust
that speak lo\ider than words of a con
tented home.
Orderlies are constantly coming and
going with messages.
Communications by telephone and
telegraph continually speak of the com
mander's busy life.
The life of no prominent public man
is exempt from severe criticism; his
rapacious enemies, for he has enemies,
have censured him, nnd yet in spite of
these malicious attacks, he bus ignored
his ;:ssailants by dignified silence.
But of those who know him intimate
ly, who judge of his generosity and
consideration for others, these know
him best who have visited his home
and shared an hour with the indulgent
father and the modest commander of
the Department of the Pacific.
ANNABEL LEE.
2728
THE TRULY HEROIC ACT OF A SAN FRANCISCO GIRL
SHOULD SHE SAVE HER MOTHER
AND HERSELF OR RISK BOTH
LIVES IN RESCUING HELP
LESS SLEEPERS!
WHAT is true heroism?
Is It in time of uttermost
danger and peril to think of
the many instead of the few—
to forget self entirely— for-
get all ties except the one
broad tie> whli-h binds every life to all
humanity— to forget all duties except
the duty owed to our fellow-creatures?
Was Dr. Reuben Ludlam of Chicago
heroic when he unhesitatingly went on
with and brought to a successful con
clusion a capital operation during
which his father was stricken dead by
his side?
Is It true heroism when the crucial
test comes to listen to the voice of the
f t] instead of to the voice of the
:
If so, then I know a true heroine.
iives right here in San Francisco,
iman whose story I am
to tell you. and she hasn't the
least Idea that she has done anything
: at all. She simply did what
her at the time to be her
highest duty, and. having done it, she
thinks herself entitled neither to notice
n< r praise and, being as modest and
is brave, shrinks
.•v.-i: .-lion or comment on the
ct.
"It was nothing," she says. "I only
had to think quickly and act quickly.
I did the best I could; that was all.
Any one, doubtless, would have done
•
: yet, disclaim It as she will, the
fact remains that no soldier under rain
shell, no sailor lighting
tad fury of wind and
wave, n fireman in a raging hell of
: smoke, no hero facing death
ni for the sake of others.
■ I from loftier motives or
showed sterner or more unwavering
courage than this girl who merely "did
si sh uld."
She really doesn't look the least bit
heroic, it must be confessed. Her fig
ur< is neither tall nor commanding,
and her manner is not at all self-asser-
She is just h slender, '-'■.iceful lit
reature in her early twenties, and
her chief distinction in the eyes of
Etran§ those who know her
least lies in the fact that she is so ex
tremely prett-y as to be remarkable.
here in Pan Francisco, which ia
famed for its pretty ;.;:rls.
Her ancestors, rendered unable by the
purposes of the gods to leave to
her the broad lands and shining gold
. made their own lives luxuriously
happy under California's sunny skies,
'before the Gringo came," left to her a
bequesi of beauty of the proud old Cas
tilian type, which is rendered more
charming still through the vivacity and
expression given it by new world sur
lings and the changed circum
stances of the family in these later
days.
The dainty feet, with their high
arched insteps, the slender, shapelj
hands, the !-■;: rose complexion, the lux
uriant crown of rippling midnight hair
and the great dark eyes — velvet an^
diamonds— now full of dusky shadows,
now bright as sword blades, al! tell that
Senorita Aurora Ondovilla "is not of
on folk."
She herself says nothing- of those who,
• . ■'.:<.-:■ with their glories, are dead
X'-itht-r does the still hand
mother, whose whole life, now
that sin- has grown somewhat stout and
the frost of age has touched her beau
tiful hair, is given over entirely to lov
tous care of her children.
It in enough for them to live their lives
where < '•"■\ has placed them, independ
and uprightly, and they find their
happint-ss in bo doing.
some time past the mother and
her two daughters, who are both em
■'. uptown, have been making- their
li in- In one of the many grand old
dons "south of Market street,"
from which the tide of. fashion long ago
receded, leaving them stranded on th»
shores of the lower grade of city life,
and doomed t" pass the rpniaindT of
their existences as rooming or lodging
'S.
Th»- house in which the Ondovillas
has met with better fortune than
of its old-time companions, for
CIty Girl's Experience at a Country Dance.
/~V rtOW fly in and bird fly out— ladies
/ / f " the center and seven hands
\ I*\ around — S ent swing lady on the
\L/ corner, and all promenade," yelled
V. the caller as" the door swung open
mit our party.
My flrsi country dance. The music
ended with a bang; the dancers stood in
th<Mr places; the caller mopped his face
With a flaming red handkerchief, the fid
dropped into their chairs, and evory
■k a breathing spell.
The hall r nearly disgraced myself by
E :. "What a nice big barn," and It
was 'he only edifice of its kind in that
part of the country— was filled with peo
ple. Cowboys, young girls In queer
dress s and children from three months
up wore there. Women with sweet, pretty
faces whose figures were bent and hands
1 roughened by work. Great strap
ping fellows with faces burned and
bronzed by many a hot summer's rodeo.
Old men, gray-haired and stooped with
nt'p, clad in their best and bent upon hav
lng all the fun that the social event of the
year could give.
The Study of
Weather Signs
Now that the time for excursions to the
seashore and mountains has come a hint
or two on weather prophecy will be op
portune. When clouds are red in the
west, the red having a purple tint, it is
a sign of line weather. The air when dry
refracts red or heat-making rays, and
as dry air is not perfectly transparent,
these are again reflected In the horizon.
An old proverb says:
"A rainbow in the morning Is the shep-
herd's warning.
A rainbow at night is the shepherd's de
light."
A rainbow occurs when the clouds con
taining or depositing the rain are oppo
eit" to the sun. In the evening the rain
bow is In the east, and in the morning
It is In the west. As the heavy rains in
this climate are usually brought by the
•westerly winds, a rainbow in the west In
dicates that bad weather is on the road:
whereas the rainbow in the east proves
the contrary.
When the swallows fly high fine weath
er Is to be expected or to continue. But
when they fly low approaching: rain 4a In
dicated. Swallows follow the flies and
though some of its palatial rooms havr
been cut up with partitions, and manj
persons are sheltered under its broad
roof, it has fallen into more appreci
ative hands than most of the others,
and its surroundings of lawn, and shrub,
and vine, and tree, and its own beauty
of architectural design and interior
adornment have attracted to It tenants
of a far better class than are usually
to be found in such gregarious estab
lishments.
The Ondovlllas occupy the front
rooms on the first floor — majestic
rooms, lofty >>f frescoed celling, with
exquisite carvings around the mantels,
and broad low windows looking out on
a wide veranda and a sweep of granite
steps leading up from a marble walk
and a graveled carriageway. One of
the windows is bowered with hanging
baskets full of golden-flowered moss
and riotously clambering vines, and
these the senora tends carefully during
the hours when her daughters are ab
sent ; but when the three are together
again she thinks of nothing, cares for
nothing, works for nothing but their
comfort and welfare.
The bond between mother and daugh
ters Ip very close, for it is formed of
mutual love. No harsh word Is ever
heard in the Ondovilla home, and when
some story of girlish disrespect for
parental wishes and guidance in other
families comes to the senora's ears sho
opens hor handsome eyes wide in won
der, and thanks God away down In her
motherly heart that her girls are as
they are. and not as some others.
And yet — one of her girls the other
nieht chose between her mother and
what she felt to be a higher duty.
To make certain of savin? the lives of
the many whose lives for the momrnt
depended upon her alone, she left her
mother to die. perhaps, for lack of th*
h&Jp she could, and would, have given
SENORITA AURORA QNDOVILLA, THE HEROINE.
her harl she listened to her heart alone.
Early hours are kept in the mur.sinn
•where the Ondovillas live, for the ten
ants are respectable folk, who are bus
"Salute your partners," yelled the
caller. Simultaneously music and dance
began. It was more like work than dan
cing. The fuller screamed until he looked
on the verge of apoplexy. Faster and
fast- r grew the music, the fiddlers sawing
away with might and main. The dancers
obeying every command of the caller
rushed back and forth, from side to side;
now whirling around at a breakneck
speed at "swing your pardn«rs"— now
standing still.
Those' waiting to join the figure put in
their time jigging or rather ragging, stop
ping ' abruptly to do their part. The build
ing shook and rocked, the lamps flickered
and swayed. It was like a small earth
quake. "Swing your pardners — all prom
enade, seats," shouted the caller — his
face red, his coat, vest, collar and tie on
a convenient chair.
There was a rush for seats, thank
yous and the men disappeared.
"Miss Waterman, 'low me to make you
acquainted with Colonel Tinnan."
This broke the spell. I raised my eyes
and found before me the typical Ken
gnats, and flies and gnats usually delight
in warm strata of air. As warm air is
lighter and molstier than cold air, the
warm strata of air runs higher, but when
the warm and moist air is close to the
ground, it is almost certain that, as the
cold air Rows down into it, water will
fall.
As nn indication of the approach of wet
weatht-r. nothing is more certain than a
halo around the moon, which is produced
by the precipitated water; and the larper
the circle the nearer the clouds, and, con
sequently, the more ready to fall. A cop
pery or yellow sunset also foretells rain.
Observation teaches that when the sea
gulls assemble on land stormy and rainy
weather is approaching. The little petrel
enjoys the heaviest gale, because, living
partly on the smaller sea insects, he is
sure to find his food in the spray of heavy
waves. The fish on which they prey in
fine weather at sea leave the surface and
go down deeper during the storm. The
different tribes of wading birds always
migrate when rain is about to take place.
Upon the same principle the vulture fol
lows armies.
How to Get Rid of Ants.
Professor C. L. Marlatt of the Depart
ment of Agriculture Rives the following
as the best method of ridding lawns and
flower bo&s of ants: A number of. hol«s
led during the day, and have an old
fashioned but commendable idea that
night was intended as a time for sleep.
Her sister being away on a visit, th"
tucky colonel, white hair, magenta face.
kindly blue eyes, "bffoh de war" suit and
shirt.
"Ah'm Bhure ah'm mighty proud to
meet you," shaking my hand like an old
friend He sat down beside me.
"Little bit different from yob town and
dances, I reckon,"* the colonel said.
"Ah've lived her<=> nigh onto fo'ty years.
About long enough to get used to it."
the colonel chuckled.
"Yes," I said, "everything Is a little
different— your dances are not. exactly
like ours." I wondered If the colonel had
ever been at a cotillon.
"Wouldn't you llko -to dance? Ah
haven't danced for more than twenty
years. Used to dance down on the old
plantation when ah was a boy. Niggers
played for us."
I had heard the colonel's story. Ran
away from home. Roughed it in Mexico
as a cowboy. Drifted back into the
States. So on until he became one of
the richest men in "that neck of the
woods." The colonel interested me.
"Tell me, colonel, where did you get
should be made In or about the ant nest
with a stick or iron rod, and an ounce or
two of bisulphide of carbon poured into
each hole. The holes should be closed Im
mediately by pressing the earth over
them. The chemical evaporates and pen
etrates throughout the soil, . quickly de
stroying tho ants. Three or four ounces
should be sufncieHt for a large nest. Very
Emall nests or beginning of colonies can
be exterminated by making one or two
holes only. If used in large quantities it
Is apt to kill grass, and should not be
used in large amount within one foot of
the roots of any valued plant. It must
also be borne in mind that bisulphide of
carbon is an extremely volatile liquid
and very Inflammable, and in its storage
It should be kept carefully bottled up and
away from fire, even lighted cigars. In
using it the precautions in the matter of
fire must be constantly observed.
First Motor Milkcart.
To Eccles, an Englfsh town of 22,000 In
habitants, belongs the honor of possessing;
the first motor milk cart. Its "round"
embraces an eighty-mile radius, and this
it can cover in a day of seven hours. The
work of three horses and carts Is saved.
The favorite small arm in Brazil is a
double-barreled pistol, made In Belgium.
THE SUNDAY CALI..
Senorita Aurora was to sleep with her
mother in the large folding bed. but just
as she began to take the pins out of
her hair the senora happened to think
your title?" I asked in the course of
conversation.
The colonel swelled up with pride.
"Miss Waterman." growing a couple of
inches. "I fit in thp Mexican War"— what
kind of a fit he did not say.
"Take your pardners for the Chicken
Foot!"
That paved me. I laughed until the
tears rolled down my face, and the
colonel— bless his innocent old heart—
laughed with me.
"Chicken Foot"— did you ever hear
such a name?— was Evidently a popular
dance. The hall looked ' Hke a college
campus during a class rush. I beg-R^d the
colonel to let me watch instead of danc
inp with him.
Chicken Foot! I knew as much about
it as a Chinese orchestra about the "An
gel's Serenade."
That music and that jlggety, Jig of a
dance!
Fun! Oh, dear me. The couples held
hands, shook one foot and then the other,
whirled around, back stepped, slid a few
How the World
Carries Money
To the initiated a man's nationality is
betrayed by the way he carries his money.
The Englishman carries his loose in his
right-hand trousers' pocket— gold, silvor
and copper, all mixed up together. He
pulls a handful of the mixture out of his
pocket in a large, opulent way, and se
lects the coins he has need of.
The American carries his wad of bills
In a peculiar, long, narrow pocketbook, in
which the greenbacks lie flat; the French
man makes use of a leather purse, with no
distinguishing characteristics; while the
German .uses one gayly embroidered in
silks by the fair hand of some Lottchen
or Mina. ■ - '<:*'■; ;
The half-civilized capitalist from somo
torrid < South American city carries his
dollars in a belt with cunningly devised
pockets to baffle the gentlemen with tho
light fingers. Some of these' belts are
very expensive.' ,
' The Italian of the poorer classes ties up
his little fortune in a gayly colored land
kerchlef. secured with many knots, jvhieh
he secretes In some mysterious manner,
about his clothes.
A similar ■ course has charms for the
Spaniard; while the lpw«r c^ass Russian
exhibits a preference for his boots or tho
lining of hi • clothM a* a hiding plao* lor
his = savings.
Her Mother Imprisoned
an a Folding Bed and
an Overturned Lamp
Likely to Explode at
Almost Any Moment.
"Tfye door opened ! In rushed my ideal cowboy."
yards and shook their feet again. It was
simply beyond d*escrlption— that shaky,
wobbly, japrlike motion. It was catching.
The fiddler and the caller danced
around in a limited space, and I almost
wished I knew how they did It.
"Well," drawled the colonel; "what do
you think of it. Like to try It?"
"Not now," I said hastily.
"Purty good dance; Jhat music makes
your feet go. Seems to me that that
•toano' is out of tune. May be it's the
fiddler. He's a terrible thirsty fellow."
I smiled and wondered if the colonel
always said "toano."
I did want to sgf a cowboy. I told th«
colonel so. He pointed to a young man
dressed in the prevailing fashion. I
wasn't suited; he didn't look like the cow
boys I had heard about. 1 had my wish
later on.
"Pardners for a waltz! Get a move on
there; most suppertime."
Tli© coloqol and X waltzed. It wasn't
of an important message which one of
the landlady's friends had left with her
during the afternoon, while that lady
was absent, and asked her daughter to
go to her room, in another part of the
house, and deliver it.
Like the dutiful girl that she is. the
genorita twisted up her hair again,
stuck her little feet back into their dis
carded slippers and skimmed through
the deserted halls like a swallow on her
errand of obedience. The -landlady,
being conversationally inclined in spite
of the lateness— Cor that house— of the
hour kept her for a time talking of
various happenings, a~nd fully fifteen
minutes elapsed between her departure
from her mother's room and her return
°The sight which met her eyes when
she opened the door that she had closed
behind her so brief a space before, with
no thought that she was shutting in the
grim Angel of Tragedy behind It, was
enough to daunt the bravest soul.
She had left her mother sitting in a
low rocker beside the open bed, which
was arranged for the night, brushing
out her hair by the mellow light of a
large porcelain lamp that sat on a stand
close at hand. It had been a pleasant
picture of .quiet contentment after a
well-spent day.
The opening door showed her tne
room plunged in darkness, save for a
lurid and crater-like glow on the floor
in one corner. The dim light from the
hall, together with this smoky glare,
made visible an overturned light stand,
a porcelain lamp shade broken into bits
on the carpet, her mother's day gar
ments hanging neatly over a. chairback
and a closed folding bed standing
straight and tail in the center of the
For one instant the senorita stood on
the threshold as if turned to stone.
What had happened? Why was the
table thrown over and the snaae
broken? And where was her mother.'
Another instant and her keen
woman's brain made the situation fa
tally clear to her. -^
Impatient of her delay, the mother had
finished her preparations for the night
and refred. The folding bed, imper
fectly balanced, vibrating under her
suddenly imposed weight, had swiftly
and silently closed of its own volition,
making her a .helpless captive in a
Bmothering confusion of pillows and
blankets.
In rising from the horizontal to the
perpendicular a corner of the bed had
struck the stand and knocked it and Its
dangerous burden over. That was the
lamp, a half-gallon reservoir of explo
sive fluid, flaring over there in the cor
ner. And her mother was a suffocating
—perhaps a suffocated— prisoner in that
treacherous -piece of mechanism before
her.
One step the senitora made toward
the place where her mother was being
tortured— it might be unto death. And
then—
The flames in the corner shot up
higher. The lamp was lying on its
side; the carpet was already blazing in
little flickering cones where scattering
drops of oil had fallen.
If the lamp exploded there the fire
would po with leaps like a racehorse
through that old house, where every bit
of wood was as dry as tinder. There
would be no possibility of stopping it.
and the house was full of tired people
sleeping the first sound, heavy sleep of
the night.
They were on the floors above and in
the rooms rt the back and below — men.
women and children. The house was
high, the stairs winding, the back part
a veritable catacomb of small rooms
and blind passages.
She could rescue her mother and es
cape with her through the window.
bad, but I much preferred talking instead
of dancing with this Kentucky gentle
man.
Waltzes, quadrilles, schottisches, chick
en foots and polkas followed one another
In quick succession.
The caller was getting hilarious, the mu
sicians sleepy or intoxicated, I don't know
which. The rest of the men— well, I am
pretty sure there was a punchbowl or a
keg of something or other behind that
popular door.
The girls flirted and smirked and smiled
and danced. The old ladies had gossiped
themselves clear out of gossip. The chil
dren were lying around on chairs and
benches, worn out with the unusual dis
sipation. Every one was tired, but de
termined to stay it out.
The door opened! In rushed rhy ideal
cowboy, sombrero, red silk handkerchief
knotted around his throat, blue shirt,
corduroys tucked In his high-heeled
boots, bowle-knlf* etickin* out of his
even were the room in a whirl of flame.
But the few moments that would be re
quired to pull down the bed and drag'
her mother from its choking embrace
would make that whirl of name a cer
tainty and mean death to many others.
As in a vision, the senorita saw before
her horror-widened eyes the awful,
maddening, death-dealing terror which
would till that quiet house with the first
knowledge that the fire fiend had
claimed it for his own. The frantic
men trying to save their dear ones—
the mothers with their babes clasped to
their hearts— the little children wa
kened from their innocent dreams to
face Azrael's cruelest weapon.
She seemed to see their terrified faces.
She seemed to hear the roar of the all
devouring flanws, and through it the
mingled shrieks and prayers of the
flames' victims ringing in her agonized
ears.
And then, higher and clearer—obe
dience-compelling — she heard the Voice
of Her Soul.
She crossed the room with the swift
ness, of thought and lifted the blazing
lamp in her two white and slender
hands. The brass burner and> neck
band were red hot. The cone was full
of angry fire. The oil was dripping
through her fingers. Sho-uld it explode,
then her whole fair young body would
be enveloped in blistering, charring
blaze. The beauty which was hers in
life would be unimaginable hideousness
in death. And the hall door was so far
— so horribly far — away!
She dared not run, lest the rush of
air mi^ht fan the flame higher, or send
it down int«.- the heated stratum of gas
above the oil in the bomb-like globe.
She could only walk steadily forward —
and pray.
Thank God! the door had been left
ajar.
She put the toe of her tiny slipper In
the opening and pushed it back with
all her strength. The heavy door swung
on its massive hinges. A rush of night
air struck coldly on her face.
The lamp flared h,igh with an omi
nous, ga-sping splutter. And then, with
all the force of her numbed arms, she
flung it from her, to crash into a thou
sand fragments amid a shower of blaz
ing oil drops, on the graveled drive be
low.
An Instant later she was at her
mother's side, and with trembling,
frantic fingers was tearing at the mur
derous framework which held them,
apart. Once, twice she strove In vain
to start the ponderous weights, and
then the 1 ed moved slowly forward and
downward.
• ••••••• •
The senora was not dead, although
sho seomed so when her daughter first
clasped her arms about her, and it was
many days before she fully recovered
from the shock and suffering of her
dangerous experience.
She is proud of her brave girl, how
ever", and does not hesitate to say so.
But a? for Aurora Ondovilla herself,
she will pay nothing about the matter,
rxcppt that she "did the best sha
could."
I think she was a true heroine.
FLORENCE MATHESON.
Elephants in Ceylon.
The elephant shooting of Ceylon is th»
best in the world, and the easiest attain
able. The Ceylon elephants have been
carefully preserved by the Government,
which regulates the shooting according to
the number of animals. The idea is to
keep a constant herd of 2000. and when
there is not an excess of this number th»
shooting is forbidden absolutely.
More than 3000 persons are buried an
nually in the paupers' cemetery of Berlin.
right one. Cartridge belt and pistols
around his waist.
"Whoop!" he yelled as he slid into th«
middle of the room. "Bring on your city
girl who wants to see a cowboy; bring
her on."
Holy Moses and the angels. I wanted to
shrink up and blow away. I couldn't run.
Everybody would see me. I just sat and
hugged my chair. There he stood, flour
ishing a pistol and looking around.
It was the colonel who came to my res
cue. My long-wished-for cowboy was
hustled out of the room, and then— oh, yea,
I went home.
Did you ever see soldiers inarch double
quick? That Is the way I left that hall.
But really sometimes I believe that th<3
colonel, "the colonel who fit In the Mexi
can war and whose domains were as ex
tensive as the Czar of Russia." had
something to do with the sudden appear
ance of my ideal cowboy.
SARAH WATERMAN.A MAN OF FIRE ANS STEEL
X-yEXERAL MARQUIS DE GALLI- '
I f FET Is a man who has played
VI T man y l iarts ln tne drama of life.
>t-^ He became known to the world
at larfce as the commander o1
--Hurs d'Afrique at Sedan in the
:g charge when hemmed in by a
and steel. The French
•c dashing themselves vainl\
against that blazing line. Once it was
stretched a little. A brigade was im
petuously thrown against the stubborn
Germans with desperate valor. Ttiia
Rons of Ice Thundered Into the Sea Beneatn.
way before th^ terrific onset, but they
would not break.
miration, and he exclaimed. "Oh, what
brave fellows!"
It was Gallifefs brigade that called
for this hurst of admiration fr^m the
German Emperor. The charge was led
by the General Marquis de Gallifet in
person.
General de Gallifet'p conduct at Se
dan, his work in discipline of the
French cavalry after the war, and his
v.ork In handling Parisian rioters, make
him an ideal cavalry leader axxd a popu
lar favorite. In addition he has the
merit of being a man who lias reduced
his profession to a science, possessed of
an Immense fuml of general informa
tion, an ornament to any Bociety and
withal the embodiment of ail the ele
gance and brilliancy of a Marquis of
the last century.
Fnllke most military men De da'.lifet
has a range of friendships extending
from the lowest to the highest clat
Hie friendship for Gambetta was
jected to by Monarchists and Bona
partist3 alike. They accused him <>f
having: abandoned the party to which
by tradition ami association he should
havp belonged. His replj was char
acteristic: "I V3y no attention to
politics, I am devoted to my profession,
T regard it as my duty to obey my su
perior officers, I can best serve France
ty not Interfering with her legally eon
.tltuted Government." It was this ob
jection which caused the Royalists and
others to give the credit f"r the charge
at Sedan to the Prince de Beaufrem<>nt.
The case stands thus: General Mar
guerite, the commanding officer of the
brigade, was killed just before the
charge; the senior officer was the
Prince de Beaufremont, and he
claimed he took command and led the
charge; the Marquis de Gallifet says
that he received his commission as gen
eral the night before the battle and
that he assumed commana upon the
death of General Marguerite. The offi
cial records sustain De GaWfet.
General de Gallifet is over 70 years
old, and usually has the gay, dandified
appearance of a young officer who has
just left a ladies' boudoir— that is.
when he is not on duty. "When on duty
he looks every inch the soldier. He is
a strict disciplinarian, rigorous to an
extreme degree. He is uncompromis
PERILOUS ADVENTURES OF A
STANFORD STUDENT IN ALASKA
OF all th» tales of almost miraculous
©scape from Instant death that
have come from Alaska this year
the experiences of Arthur Plllsbury
are the most thrilling.
Pnisbury Is the Stanford student who
went on a photographic tour through un
known parts of the new gold region last
year and brought back a large number of
wonderful views. This year young Pills
bury returned to Alaska and was appoint
ed by th« United States Government to
make a series of panoramic views of the
coast and the banks of the Yukon. Pllls
bury has only been on this work a few
weeks, but has already bad a number of
adventures.
He was caught In a bllesard while
crossing "Whites Pass on his bicycle, an
avalar.che of snow covered him out of
sight, the side of a glacier broke oft! while
he was standing on It. the end of his boat
was orushed between the walls of two
icebergs, wild animals got after him
more than once and many other thrilling
things happened.
"I suffered more on the White Pass
than I did at any other time during all
my stay in Alaska," Btudent Pillsbury
writes to his brother, Dr. Plllsbury of
this city. "I had to get >nto the Atlln
country to get some views before the
■now was all gone and the bicycle was the
only way to make the trip.
"I made the trip over tne pass and got
my views all right, but it was when I
started back that I got into trouble. I
left the settlement at the foot of the pass
early in the morning and from all Indi
cation the weather was going to he tine.
The air was clear and bracing and not too
cold. But you can't tell what is going to
happen In Alaska,
''Before I was half way up the pass
there was a sudden change and I came
near making up my hind to go back. The
air got cold and a light fog came in from
the My better judgment told me to
TIIE SUNDAY CALL,
A SOLDIER, NOT A
POLITICIAN.
"S pay no attention to
potitics. Sam devoted to
my profession. S regard
it as mi/ duty to obey my
superior officers.- jf can j£
best servo France by not X
interfering iviih her ieyaliy * 4
constiiuted Sovornmeni." 4*
. . ■ ' %
A FRIEND §
OF HIGH OND LOW
i
ing- In insisting upon attention being
-t minute detail)
duty, and will accept no excuse from
private or offleef" under htm. On the
other hand, he performs his own duties
with all the fidelity h" exacts from his
subordinates. He never takes advan-
C rank to avoid hardships. Incon
nces or 'lisagrefabie duties. He
is absolute!} Just to his subordinates.
His patents of nobility date back five
centuries and more, and .his family is
<.ne of the' proudest The De Gallifets
are true "gentlemen >>f Provence."
When he married Mile. Lafitte, the
.' ■. ught. ■:• of the greal Frenen banker,
ristocracy held up its hands
holy horn r. She was considered a no
body, whose only claim to distinction
her father's great wealth. The
Marquise de Galllfel has proved her
title clear as a priness of fashion in
Paris.
General de Galllfet's eyes nre hazel,
piercing and' exnressive; his hair is
snow white and hi? coquettishly curled
mustache is still black. His voice Is
sonorous, his manner active, energetic,
commanding and elegant. His figur"
retains the suppleness and slenderness
of youth and he rides to perfection.
nifet's youth w;is so extremely gay
that tales of his doings are still told In
the clubs. His family was perplexed
more than once as to how to moderate
him. He entered the army when only.
IS and was eighteen years in reaching
go back, but the thought that my jour
ney would be ended If I got over on the
other side urged me on.
"When near the summit it commenced
to snow, and the wind blew a hurricane.
Then I wished I had gone back, but it
was now out of the question. All I could
do was to find a place somewhat sheltered
from the wind and crawl into it.
"When I was as comfortable as could
be expected under . the circumstances,
which was not very comfortable. I put my
hand in my pocket for my lunch. But it
was not there. I suppose it must have
fallen out on the road when I was buck
ing against the blizzaTd.
"Then my sufferings commenced.
"I tucked the blankets as tightly around
me as possible, but rould rot Keep out the
snow. I got as cold as Ice and got up
and ran about in the effort to keep warm
But It was all no use. So I crawled back
into the blankets and shivered. All nlgiu
I lav there almost numb with cold. Ine
wind blew harder ar.d harder and the
darkness was Intense. I began to wonder
if I would over see San i'ranclsco again
and the sufferings of hunger a'most drove
me crazy. But the longest night always
cornea to an end even if it did seem to
some of us like an eternity. Toward
morning the wind we* down and when
the sun rose the air was clear and cold
With difficulty I arose and stood on my
feet. I was so stiff I could scarcely move,,
and in the effort to get on my wheel took a
severe tumble. Bui it did me good by
Shaking me up and pot me in condition to
ride. The rond was fine and all down hill,
and It didn't take me long to strike a
place where I got wartn and something
to eat. Then I was ready for another
tussle with the elements.
"My experience on the glacier was most
terrifyinp and frightened me considerably,
but otherwise dkl no harm.
"I had been working on a point tha*
to all appearances was as solid as a Tock.
And so it was for the time being. I got
my picture done and had my camera
over my Bhoulder. ready to go down to
the boat, that was tied up a few hundred
feet below.
"Suddenly I felt a tremble In the glacier
and Instinctively stepped back from the
edge. The tremble became more and more
\
\
the rank of colonel. This promotion he
finally won in Mexico after he had re
ceived a terrific wound in the abdomen
from a shell. A fragment tore away a
portion of his body. The skillful sur-
geons with the expedition fashioned a
solid silver plate to cover the intes
tines, and over this the skin was
stretched and allowed to grow together.
For a long time his life was despaired
of. He finally recovered and is now as
viar"!'ous a? ever. His wound does not
bother him and he has shown since that
he can stand a long ride and the usual
cnmp hardships as well as any one.
It was at .Fort SanGuadalupe, the old
mission at Puebla, transformed into a
. I >■■ Gallifet received the horrible
jfcbund that necessitated such skillful
■work by Napoleon's army surgeons.
All day long the French had attacked
the hi 1 surmounted by the old church,
and the Mexicans had as ■ stubbornly
defended the stronghold. Owing to the
elevitefl position, xh>- French artiller
ists h;i'i encountered great difficulty in
byin^inp: their guns into- position.
The brasS pieces of the Mexicans had
succeeded in landing several shells
amont* the attacking force without do-
uch damage, when toward the
Ing of riirht th" French having
made a brilliant charge on the esearp
of a terrace and carried it, one
of thf ancipnt pipces sent a shell right
tn the front rank of the attacking
force. The missile burst within a foot
of De Gallifet'a horse, carrying- away
the horn of the. saddle and a portion of
De i iallifet's abdomen.
The French were terrified at what
v.i.-: supp ised the death of an idolized
officer. Zara^ossa, in command of the
Mexican?, noticed the momentary inde
i Islor and as the sudden tropical night
c:\iv.t- on P-'nt forward his reserves, car
rying the" French back to their original
mat the foot' of the hill. All that
Napoleon's troov? had fought for on
that hot sultry day was l<>st in a mo
ment of Btupor at the fall of the gallant
youi a ofßcer.
The expeditionary fore was recalled
fnun before Puebla by General Foret
and the Mexicans claimed the battle of
F<>rt S;m Guadalupe. The French gath
ered courage with every favorable bul
letin from' Do Gallifefs bedside. They
carried nearly every action and aoon
after made their triumphal entry into
the Mexican capital and drove Juarez
into the mountain fastnesses.
To-day General d* Oallifet is France's
Minister (l 1 War. Woe to the officer
who imagines he may conduct himself
as under the previous military adminis
tration. He will quickly come to a
violent and I went on a run for a big
rough snot that looked solid. But I was
too late. Just as I was about to step
on it the Ice under me gave way. I
clutched at anything I could reach and
soon found myself hanging in the air with
one hand tight on a projecting piece of
ice.
"Beneath me tons and tons of lc# went
thundering- into thre sea several hundred
feet below. Then the portion of the gla
cier to which I was hanging shifted its
position and turned so that I could climb
up to a cafe place; but it was a narrow
escape.
"The next day I waa working In the
same neighborhood and had occasion to
row through a canal between two loe
bergs. I had rowed through the same
place before and never thought of dan
ger. On this occasion, when I was about
naif way through, I was horrified to •••
the two walls of ice slowly coming to
gether. My Indian helper got dreadfully
; md !t was all that I could do to
make him sit in the boat and pull at the
r-ar-. Am we worked, along, each second
seaming Mke a year, the icy walls got
closer and closer together. Soon the walls
were so near we could not use our oars
and had to take them out of the rowlocks
and use them as paddles.
"It was not more than a hundred feet to
open water, but it looked to us like miles
as we struggled madly at the paddles.
Now it wa.s fifty feet, and the two walls
werf so close together we could not even
but forced our boat along by push
lnp on the walls of ice.
"When the entrance was only ten feet
oft the ice walls touched against the sides
of the boat and behind us the way was
blocked.
"Wtth "w good shove we sent the boat
flyinp ahead, but not quite fast enough,
for the end was caught between the two
icebergs and crushed to splinters.
"Of course, my Indian helper and my
self both jumped into the icy water and
had a long swim to find a place where we
could climb out.
"I took a skiff and returned to the &pot
the next day. and found, to my surprise,
that although the boat was a total wreck
tny camera ha.d not been injured."
France' a TTfinister ' of War ■
— 5s- j{ Soldier for Jifty 2/ear*
realization that De Gallifet is at the
helm. Again the Marquis has shown the
broad liberality of his mind and the cos
mopolitanism of his friendships. He is
training with the followers of Gambetta
and with the Socialists, and as usual
his cool judgment will act as a balance
to their crack-brained theories, and, if
necessary, an iron hand win descend
upon the friend or foe who interferes
The Boat Crushed to Splinters Between Icebergs.
with the "legally constituted Govern
ment of France." With General de Gal
lifet's appointment tn the wax portfolio,
Jew-baiting In the army sees its death
blow. With De Gallifet as Minister of
War the Paris mob remembers how he
treated the Communists, and there will
be no rioting in the capital. All hail the
gentleman of Provence'
PIERRE N. POERINGER,
2930
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PICTURE OF CLEOPATRA' S BARGE IN EXISTENCE.
PHOTOGRAPHED FROM THE FAMOUS PAINTING BY PICON. THfIT HAS JUST BEEN PRESENTED TO THE MfiRK, HOPK.INS INSTITUTE OF ART BY C. P. HUNTINOTON.
HOW LEVI P. MORTON IS LIVING OUT
HIS FOURSCORE YEARS.
IF the position of President of the
United States has proved fatal to Its
holders that of Vice President has
been no less so. Judges of the Su
preme Court have lived beyond their
terms and have passed Into the full
ness of the eighties, but Presidents and
Vice President? have lived or.!y just long
enough to say good-by to the chair that
had held them for four years. Filled with
honor they have passed away, overworked
perhaps in those full years when the sys
tem will bear no overcrowding, and so laid
aside with their predecessors.
To-day there are living only two former
Vice Presidents of the United States. Levl
P. Morton, wiry old athlete and man of
wealth, survives and is strong and well
In his seventy-fifth year.
Levl P. Morton was born at Shoreham,
Vfc, opposite old Fort Ticonderoga, the
eon of a Congregational minister; and he
drank In the cool air of upper New York
and learned the scripture at the same
time. That was in 1524 and the following
years, but though the path has been long
Blnce then he has never lost the health,
mentally or morally, of sweet Vermont.
Morton had an elder brother, Daniel
Oliver Morton Jr., and his father, whose
salary as pastor of the church never < x
ceeded $*">OO a year, decided to invest all
the family savings in his eldest son. So,
forgetting the four daughters and Levl
Parsons, he educated Daniel and turned
him out Into the world a scholar.
At the age of 14 Levl P. engaged in a
small grocery business for moneys sake,
and when he was 26 he entered Into busi
ness at Boston, removing to New York
four years later to form the firm of Mor
ton & Grlnnell.
He saved his money and It grew pro
digiously. By the time he was 40 years
old the minister's aon was a banker in
New York, and in another year he had a
banking business in London. Everything
turned Into money.
When still a young man b« married Miss
Street of Poughkeepsle, and Just as the
money came freely she left him. Mrs.
Morton died at Newport in a lovely cot
tage called Fairlawn. After her death Mr.
Morton presented Fairlawn to Newport
•with the twelve acres upon which It
stands. But to this day— so it is said— he
will not visit there. Not even stop at the
station, though another wife and many
DURING my sojourn in Egypt," said
Walton, removing his hookah
from his burned black beard, "I
became interested in the horse;
and desirous of possessing an
Arabian of high quality, sought
guidance of our local Consul as to the bc-st
way of going about obtaining one. Ha
gave me a letter to a certain camel and
horse breeder of renown, located n^.ir
Samana, a Bedouin sheik, Hassam Moak
bar by name. The sheik, he informed me,
had reason to feel under obligations to
him, which would insure me a pleasant
reception. I took with me only a steal]
escort— the Consul's letter, in the Arabian
tongue, being a sort of passport and af
fording me immunity from the toll gatu
ering customary among the desert tribes.
Arriving at the encampment at twilight,
a scene of great beauty burst upon^ me.
The stars were beginning to blaze forth
•with unusual size and brilliancy through
the wonderfully rare atmosphere. Threads
of smoke rose perpendicularly from th-f3
•which sparkled among the long, low, wldrt
tents, where preparations for the evening
meal wore going on.
"Nesfro slaves were roasting coffee,
•which' gave forth a perfume only 'Aruby
tho Blest' could yield. Round about par
tic-s of Arabs were exercising the horaea—
euch creatures!— with manes flowing like
the tresses of Priacesa Badroulbadour.
One of the Beautiful Girls of Society.
daughters have come into his life since
then.
When nearly 50 years old Mr. Morton
married again, this time one of the fam
ous Livingston family, and his bride, a
beautiful, stately blonde, straightway en
"Sheik Hassam, a man of noble appear
ance, met me, and after reading the let
ter, at once relaxed the stern dignity- of
his countenance, and the supper being
now ready, bade me partake of the same
tray with himself. The meal consisted of
kkrs flesh roasted delicately with certain
condiments of the nature of eau de
cologne, end washed down with mare's
milk. A noble cup of coffee, however;
atoned* for the singularity of this repast,
and lighting cheroots of a strong, sweet
flavor, we strolled among the horses,
much of whose beauty and fine points
were observable In the moonlight, for that
luminary had now risen above the horizon.
For reasons of his own the sheik cer
tainly did his best to get me what I
wanted, and out of fifty, every one of
which seemed to possess some different
charm, I chose one and regretted that I
had not chosen ail tne others. I was
loth to leave so romantic a spot, and,
though duty called, lingered some days,
the guest of the sheik, who seemed
equally unwilling to have me go, and
plied me with rare tobacco and still rarer
legends, dusky happenings of desert land,
Which had come within his ken, and re
vealed to few. I began to feel as If I had
chewed the lotus buds and did not care
greatly whether I returned to my native
land or not.
"One evening (that before the day- set
for my departure) while strolling and
smoking, as usual, in the moonlight at
Boine distance from tliti encampment, our
tered lrfto society, bringing the name of
Morton into the 400 of twenty years ago.
As a banker Levi P. Morton continued
to do business; and bo earnestly did he
devote himself to finance and so success
ful was he that an acquaintance meeting
A MYSTERY OF THE DESERT.
footsteps, whether -by accident or the
Sheik's design, were directed toward a
dark ridge of rocks which crested a great
rise of sand on the horizon and shone
lagged against the rising moon.
" 'That forbidding pile," said Sheik Has
sam. with a wave of his long arm. caus
ing a meteoric effect with the glowing
end of his cheroot, 'formed once the cen
ter of an oasis, discovered by myself and
tribe while seeking an unfrequented por
tion of the desert for the purpose of es
tablishing ourselves for the favorable pur
suit of our business.
" 'This oasis seemed the portal of para
dise when, in the splendor of the noon
tide, we halted, after days of travel be
neath a copper sky, before its waving
palms and luxuriant shade, among which
gurgled hidden springs of water, blessed
water, and the songs of birds echoed
among the foliage.
" ' "Allah be praised! We shall prosper
here!" I cried aloud, and bade them set up
the tents, which were not few, and dig a
cistern, which was filled from the springs
amid the groves. The heat diminished
not, but rather Intensified from day to
day, so that the outer springs became dry
THE SUNDAY CALL.
* CprHIS is the first time that <
Q I this picture has ever been 0
A lon public exhibition. From A
X the time it was first painted x
y * several years ago it has al- V
A ways been in the possession Q
\ of private parties. Mrs. Col- A
V ton brought it to the coast x
and it hung in the Nob Hill
.^ mansion until removed to its Q
j. present position a few days A
V ago. As a work of art the pic- x
A ture stands high, although it V
A is entirely removed from the ()
\ modern school of painting. In A
/ drawing* and handling it is {
A rather suggestive of David, V
a but the coloring is of a differ- A
{ ent order. x
him on Wall street one day. exclaimed,
"Say. Morton, were you born in a banking
house?
"No," lauerhpd the flnan<-!or. "I was born
in a parsonape. And so was my mother
before mo; and so was my lather. My pa
rents and grandparents were ministers
from time not worth counting."
"Wore they rich?"
"Only in heavenly promise. They hadn't
any money."
So, with ancestors to whom the Golden
Streets were a vague dream, this young
man became the financier of both worlds.
Of course wealthy men make friends
and Mr. Morton formed the acquaintance
of another minister's son in New York-
Chester A. Arthur, himself afterward Vice
President and President of the United
States. Arthur came from a little south
of Morton, but both were from New York
State.
At the solicitation of Mr. Arthur, Levl
P. Morton entered Into politics on the Re
publican side, thus breaking down all
family traditions, for the Mortons wera
Democrats.
In 1880 President Garfield appointed Mr.
Morton \unister to France, and, taking
five little girls with him — for there were
five lovely blossoms upon the family bush
— he went abroad and for four years ably
sustained the diplomatic reputation of the
country, though during that time he was
quite ill. the rumor of his sinking state re
peatedly reaching this country.
Eight years later, in ISBS— the Cleveland
administration having Intervened— Mr.
Morton ran on the Harrison ticket for
Vice President of the United States and
was elected at the age of 6*. Many sup
posed him younger.
At the expiration of his term as Vica
President Mr. Morton asked to retlra to
and we had to force our way inward (for
the oasis was wide and of densest growth)
to obtain supplies of water.
" 'Here and there we encountered beaten
paths, which struck us as being rather
singular, as we had seen no living thing
save birds. Possibly, we argued, they
were made by the jackals, which howled
about in the "daytime and went there for
water after dark, although on one occa
sion I could have sworn that a vague im
print in the sandy pathway was that of a
beast of prey.
" 'I kept a sharp lookout and sentinels
ever on watch about the horses, camels
and goats tethered a short distance from
the camp beneath leafy sheds. Nothing
of note transpired for some days, except
slight additional proofs from time to time
that some living creature inhabited the
place. The heat seemed to increase daily
and the sky assumed that reddish tinge
which bodes no good to the dweller in the
desert. At rare intervajs across the yel
low hillocks would come pirouetting dia
bolical little spirals of sand, moved by
puffs of wind, like breaths from a fur
nace.
" 'On the morning of the fifth day
THE HOME LIFE OF AN EX-VICE
PRESIDENT IN RETIREMENT.
LEVI P. MORTON as He Looks at 75.
his country home, but he was nominated
by his party for governor of New York
State, and in 1894 was elected. He served
well for the term; and during the McKln
ley boom of 1896 was favorably mentioned
for the Presidency of the United States.
Hamed, my Circassian slave, a man of
rare courage and- singular personal
Deauty, disappeared into the depths of the
oasis in quest of fresh water, that in the
cistern being used for the beasts only,
and. from the length of time elapsing,
must have penetrated farther than usual.
Suddenly we perceived him at the edge
of the Jungle, wildly gesticulating. The
Arabs* rifles were at their shoulders in an
instant, but there was a mingled scream
and roar, a flash of tawny flanks, and
Hamed, dragged down from behind, dis
appeared into the wood.
" 'The riflemen who had been nearest to
him fell upon their faces, paralyzed with
some awful frar, and cou\d not be in
duced to stir. What they had seen I knew
not. Drawing my scimitar and grasping
my pistol I bade a huge black, under
threat of instant death, follow with a
lance, and plunged into the tangled wood
at the spot where Hamed had disap
peared. White fragments of cloth upon
the broken twigs, borne down by what
must have been a creature of unusual
size and ponderous strength, guided us
onward. Panting with the heat, bruised
with falling, and now feeling giddy with
If L*vl P. Morton had been 62 in tne
campaign of 1596 instead of 72 he might
have to-day been President, for there was
a high Morton wave rolling the country.
As it turned out Mr. Morton was allowed
to retire and within a week after the ex
a strange odor which began to pervada
the air, we proceeded with the utmost
caution along a path grown steep and
rocky.
" 'The terrible odor had grown almost
stifling, and mingling with it came a low,
whining purr, apparently at no great dis
tance now.
Crouching behind a .ragged mass of
rock which seemed to have been split by
the heat (the black calling incessantly
upon Allah with chattering teeth) I peered
through the crevice into tfie space beyond.
Soul of Mohammed! What a sight met
my gaze!
bprawling upon its belly at the en
trance to a cavern, the lithe tail beating
the ground, was a creature, the sight of
which caused my scimitar to fall from
my nerveless grasp. Out of a tangled red
mane rose a white neck of columnar
strength, -surmounted by a countenance
of awful beauty. Beneath netted eye
brows glowed eyes like burnished brass,
human in all save tHe slitlike pupils. The
lips were a venomous red arch, through
which flashed long canine teeth.
. Before her, slightly propped against a
boulder, lay Hamed. white and limp, but
conscious and fascinated. Ever and anon
the great furry paw was thrust forward
caressingly (the claws sheathed), and the
eyes of the dread creature became nar
row and tender, and the purring sound
was repeated.
" 'Streaming with sweat, I had man
piratlon of his gubernatorial term he was
seated upon the veranda of his mansion,
at Rhinebeck. looking over at the Hud
son and planning one long holiday to last
for life.
A word about Ellerslle-. It Is consid
ered by experts the finest country placa
in the world. Lying on the banks of the.
Hudson, it consists of hundreds of rolling
acres carpeted with the best of grass. So
nearly related is it to the blue grass of
Kentucky that the cows that pasture
upon this land give milk richer than those
upon the isle of Jersey.
Ellerslle not only affords a magnificent
country home for the Morton family, but
it yields an Income as well, for the Ellers
lle dairy is far famed. Its products are
sold by contract for years ahead, so it is
said. The cattle upon Ellerslie are
shipped all over the world and the farm
is as productive of gold as the banking
house was forty years ago.
Mr. Morton is not a Henry George man.
His money works and brings him in an
Income. He owns a mighty building op
posite the New York Postofflce— the big
gest skyscraper yet built. He also owns
buildings behind it and whole blocks up
town. It is said that Levi P. Morton has
$40,000,000 in New York real estate, but
that may be an exaggeration.
The life of this ex-Vice President of the
United States is singularly simple. Ha
has become so attached to his country
place that he seldom leaves it and, though
he allows hia family the luxury of a Fifth
avenue home in winter, he does not al
ways remain with them. When he visits
the city it is on business. But so great
is his stamina that though past the age
limit of man he can spend a whole day
at business, riding in a cab from building
to building, visiting his agents, inspecting
and giving orders, meeting directors and
living as much of life in one day as many
men live in a month.
Back at Ellerslie, he dons his loose coat,
visits the stables, frolics with the kennels
and is again a country gentleman.
Mr Morton's acquaintances are world
wide and his autograph collection of pri
vate letters is a wonderful one. He Is
said to be writing a history of the Repub
lican rarty for the last twenty years; but
it Is doubtful if he will undertake that
which has often been urged upon him— a
history of his own life.
aged to level my pistol across a projec
tion when a shadow fell over us which
deepened, and a murmur broke upon our
ears increasing to a roar. Springing to
its feet its eyes blazing greenly in the
gathering gloom, the Thing seized tha
shoulder of Hamed's garments in its teeth
and with a horrid screaming snarl leaped
past us, as the simoon in all its fury
burst upon us.
"The black had already clambered t« ttim
highest rock and lay clasping a base «<f *
large palm, face down, enveloped la his
burnous. I did likewise, mid after a pe
riod of unconsciousness awoke and, pain
fully drawing myself up to a sitting pos
ture Against what remained of the palra
tree, gazed about me. The black lay rigid
at my side, stifled.
" 'Around about among the rocks and
trees and across the plain were great
drifts«and billows of sand, but of all ny
faithful people and valuable beasts there
was no trace. A tent pole, with a frag
ment of canvas here and there, marked
their giaves.
" »I was rescued in a delirious condition
by my partner, who came weekly to -fis'^t
the encampment. '
" 'That I am stopping- In this vicinity Is
owing to an irresistible faseirw-ttow tne
spot has for me and to its being- m .'he
direct road to the market town, whither
I go at intervals to trade. The mystery
that yonder sand heaps envelop will never
be revealed until the desert and sea give
up their dead.' "—Neville Cain.TVs"' > '
inarms ha ■ pub
lic ' ■ ' terri-
I to the
his own ]
■
' ■ ■
-
■
-
The I
par
. - vi vidm
was new and f nd interesting.
The lassoing of wild ropine and
of steers with monstrous horns,
ling f-ota of equestrianism,
> means I iuaint, pictur
■ parb of the natives, lmpr
ra more, : '.Man any
thing th»»y have seen on the Pacific
C -US'.
Tia Juana wss in gala attire on Mon
day morning, the 17th of July. Prom
every little adobe house and frame
building in the hamlet floated the
:can and Mexican national colors.
1 booths of evergreen had been
ly constructed here and there.
throughout . all draped lavish
ly in the red, if the
i. Pretty girls, with t lir- blackest
o* eyes and hair and the peachiest of
tinted co 1 the
■r to dis
play the odd
which later v. purchased
by the visitors aa . i v the
:■ of the plaza there had been
erected a great dancing pavilion. It
■was also covered w , >ughs
and flowers, and its - r O f
:!can pin-. . . , at
■ han pass-
Ing interest to the ;
At an early hour Moi rning
the llttlr- town great
events w< i I >.-rnor
and his staff, a U d by the Fif
teenth Regiment Band, was to arrive
by diligence, before 10 o'clock. Cour
iers, on foam flecked horses, had rid
den in to announce that he had slept
twenty miles from Tia Juana and wan
at that hour only ten nalli s away. And
the visit of tin- Governor In such a
small town as Tia Jaa.na is an event of
importance. Then, the Americanos
•were to arrive at 10 o'clock aino. There
wore to be thousands and thousanda of
them, and all young beautiful women.
Humors spread with, great rapidity In
j and gp. ln In importance as rap
• .- y travel.
ns, paddle horses,
in fact, which
ily ride in, met the
t the in line and escorted
-.-• the Tia Juana River
c Mexican town. The Mayor,
trie Ji ties and a 11 the cus
d in holiday attire.
. w ho thronged
ars and booths from that hour
the last train left for San
on Wednesda y evening.
Governor Augustin Sangines drove
. • :■ the first of the visitors
.. find was given a rous
ing reception by his loyal adherents.
■ gchoolmarms had found
■ . v to the great pavilion, where
Guard Band from San Diego
■v i Sand from Ensenada
ten ■ ■ selections through
ion. The gorg<-ius uni
of the dusky musicians from the
: their lively Spanish airs
! the blood <<f the native Indians,
■ of .hem entertained the
• with as uncouth and outlandish
ea as ever human eye witnessed.
Their scant and tattered attire, hang-
Ing in streamers about their angular
. their glittering eyes, set in
bushy brows as black as night, flashed
with scintillations of light and seemed
to illumine fares ns hideous as any pic
tured in Dante's Inferno.
1 was presented to Governor Sangines
by Benor Padillo at a time when his
Excellency was partaking of his mid-
BEAUTY TALKS BY PLINY THE ELDER 2000 YEARS AGO
IT la; Ffiys a modern philosopher dog
matically, "woman's business to be
beautiful." It being granted that this
la a truthful statement, evolved from
long consideration and study of the
subject In Its various phases. It must
also be granted that woman, as a gen
eral thing, attends to her business with
commendable zeal, and spares no palnn
to make it an unqualified success.
Nearly 2000 years ago Pliny the Elder
endeared himself to tho hearts of the
belles of his time and of several hun
dred years after by formulating some re
cipes for the heightening of personal pul
chritude, which recipes, we are gravely
assured, were carefully followed by the
fashionable portion of the feminine world
and were found to bo very successful In
their operation.
It Is Interesting to note that nearly
tho same problems seem to have been
offered to this celebrated naturalist for
Bolution as are presented by an anxlou9
feminine public to tho "beauty column"
editors of our day. "Superfluous hair"
ecctned to be aulte as much tho bane of
too generously flowgred ■wpmankTnd then
TWO THOUSAND AMERICAN SCHOOLMARMS AT
A MEXICAN FIESTA.
'^K^pSST*! TEACHERS WITNESS MOST PICTURESQUE f """oTw^f* ?
oJL-u* dLU.. j PCTE EVER HELD ACROSS THE BORDER. I D "£«T£%"'' I
Queer Customs. J rreizy yins. ,j
day meal, and was courteously ask< d to
sit at table with the Governor and his
. During the dinner he took oc
casion to express his pleasure at the
Bight of so many American ladies, who
had visited his country to Bee some
thing <>f its customs and ways. He said
that he hoped the advent of these edu
women would be the means nf
minating throughout the United
3 some little hint of the people
v. ho are our nearest neighbors, of their
ers and of their hospitality. He
assured me that the people of his State
of his nation were always glad to
welcome Americans, believing them to
be a progressive nation.
i.fter luncheon Governor Sanglr.es
graciously sat for his photograph,
which is presented herewith. Tt Is the
tiist of only portrait of Lower Call
a's Governor published In the
United States.
At -' o'clock tli" Governor and his
repaired to the pavilion and wel
comed the American and Mexican
guests who had come to the fiesta.
Then, at a BignaJ from the master of
ceremonies, the crowd, which now num
bered nearly 2000, hastened to a hillside
overlooking the k r r.'at plaza, or valley.
adjacent to the town. In the center <>£
this was a monster corral, in which
were confined some of the wildest
horses to be found in all the peninsuli.
Mounted upon steeds almost as wild
was a small army of vaqueros and
cowboys from across the line, who were
to show the visitors something of the
manner in which wild horses and cattle
as It is now, and Pliny accommodatingly
pave them several remedies- for the
trouble.
A paste prepared by macerating the
fresh or preserved Rail, liver and blood
of the fish called tunny, or the pounded
liver of the same flsh preserved with ce
dar resin In a leaden box. Is stated by
him to be an Infallible depilatory, as are
leeches burned In an earthern vessel and
made Into a paste with vinegar. A fro.?
dried and pounded and then boiled in a
copper vessel with a little oil; the Rail
of a hedgehog mixed with bats' brains
and goats' milk, and "an ordinary viper
boiled In oil," are also recommended aa
being effective In the removal of unploas
ing hirsute shadows on the feminine coun
tenance: and the free use of bats' blood
followed by an Immediate application of
verdigris or hemlock seed. Pliny de
clares to be another excellent remedy for
this affliction.
Should any reader wish to try the fore
going recipes she mußt be sure first to
carefully remove all the offending hairs
■with tweezer*, as the applications -work
by oontact with th« roots alone.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
are cautcht, ti^d ami handled. As soon
as the bars were taken down there was
a cloud of dust, a wild stampede, and
the band of bronchos burst into
Prematurely white hair may, we are
told, be avoided by the use of the ashes
of burned earthworms mixed with oil;
but if one has failed to use this preven
tive and needs a dye Instead, a raven's
head beaten In a copper vessel and ap
plied to the head, which has been pre
viously shaven, will make the new crop
of hair all that can be desired in point
of Jetness; indeed, so strong and pene
trating is this particular coloring paste
that we are gravely cautioned to keep
the mouth full of oil during the process
of application and until the head is thor
oughly dry, lest the teeth also become
blackened thereby. A mixture of ants'
eggs and common flies beaten together is
excellent to dye th© eyebrows, and crows'
bralna, eaten with the food quite fre
quently, will make the eyelashes grow
famously.
Asses' villk is said to be the most satis
factory t» face washes, and the writer
Btates that "It is a well-known fact that
Borne women bathe their faces 700 times
daily, adhering strictly to the number,"
in this softening and whitening liquid.
for scots, on the face, a ealva oi fresh.
view, forcing their way through and
almost over the expectant vaqueros,
who, lasso in air, were awaiting
their coming. Whirling ropes soon
butter and whitelead la to be prepared,
or butter may be used alone, barley meal
being thickly powdered over the akin
afterward.
For freckles several recipea are given,
goats' gall mixed with cheesa, sulphur
and sponge ashes to the thickness of ho
ney being declared Infallible; while the
ashes of burned snails — which are gravely
stated to be "of an inspiratlve nature and
possessed of powerful calorific and deter
sive properties"— are, when likewise
mixed with honey, also exceptionally ef
ficacious in the premises.
Lanolin, or "wool grease" as it was then
called, was as popular aa a skin pre
server and wrinkle eraser 2000 years ago
as it is now. and Pliny strongly urges its
usr\ together with poultry fat of all
kinds and swan's fat especially — which
last he states is best of all things for the
removal of deep and obstinate wrinkles.
For those annoyed by pimples an odor
iferous compound composed of poultry
grease beaten up with the juice and pulp
of pounded onions is prescribed as a most
successful medicament; and the ashes of
the mineled heads of hares and. mice, we
settled upon the necks and legs
of all but two, one a coal-black
stallion and the other a nervous little
bay. Away they went, out across the
are informed, "make a most excellent
dentifrice, and correct bad breaths."
The receipea here given are of the sim
plest composition.and the least unpleasant
—to modern ideas — ingredients of tho
many recommended: but there is most
certainly no twentieth century belle who
would have the courage or the desire to
experiment with any of them. Two plans
for general beautiflcatlon are, however,
not so bad.
The first consists of a nine days' diet of
hare's Qesb to the exclusion of other
meats, which course of treatment, we are
assured, will make a radical change for
the better in any personality. The second,
though certainly Innocuous, Pliny dis
claims all responsibility for.
"This recipe," he says, "may seem friv
olous, but to please the women It must
not be omitted. . To effectually remove
wrinkles and whiten the skin: Take the
pastern bone of a white Bteer and boil it
forty days and nights until it is thor
oughly dissolved, then apply the residuum
to the skin with a linen cloth. "
How many of you— O modern seekera
alter loveliness— will try. even this? _
■Andy plain, pursued by half a dozen
cowboys, who chased them two miles or
more before they were caught. When
the black came back his foreleg was
torn and bleeding from sho-ulder to
hoof where a lariat had left its mark.
"Broncho-busting" was next on the
programme, and it was the real fun of
the afternoon. T'ncouth-looking va
queros, who seemed to have no- bones
In their - to break, mounted the
wild horses and went careering over the
plaza in a thousand ludicrous positions;
but no matter how hard the bronchos
bucked nc-t a rider was unseated. One
of them dashed up the hillside at tha
crowd, and a biograph could have done
a land-offlce business had that moving
picture boon caught.
All afternoon the fun continued, with
variations now and again, by way of
mule riding and other rough equestrian
work. When t! I.''1 .'' exhibitions and con
tests had ended Roberto Ma<-hada
was the most successful
broncho rider and awarded the fir3t
cash prize. Juan Machado was secon<l
only to his brother. In the roping and
tying contests Remijo Contreras won
the prize, and in other sports prizes
"were awarded successful contestants.
Romualdo Lucero is one of the most
noted rough riders and lassos of Mex
i' i. From the fact that he is now in
the customs service, and also because
of a recently broken ankle, he partici
pated only to a minor degree in tha
contests.
On Tuesday the Indian games, Indian
rabbit chasing, and in the evening the
weird, fantastic dances of the Mexican
peons, afforded the teachers a better
idea of the old-time native fandango
than all the descriptions ever written
could do. That they enjoyed the scene
was amply proven by the showers of
Mexican pennies that rained upon the
floor, after some particularly pleasing
dance had been given. But it was on
Wednesday night, the last of the fiesta,
that the fun reached its height. The
great fandango, or bal masque, was
given, and those who remained to wit
ness or partake in it will never forget
the scene.
The brilliantly illuminated pavilion
was crowded with the fairest of the
fair sex from Sonora and the Peninsula
The music was furnished by the Gov
ernor's own band, and mescal was serv
ed by every saloon in the town. Good
fellowship prevailed and merriment was
unhampered by those rules of social
etiquette which, in America, preclude
the possibility of a gentleman dancing
with his Inamorata with his spurs on.
Until far into the morning hours the
dance went on, every one happy and
content. And when it ended and the
waiting train was reached it was a
sleepy, wearied crowd that wended Its
way back to San Diego, satisfied, but
not surfeited, with the glimpse it had
had of high life in the land of the Mon
tezumas. W. J. RQttSE.32
THEATRICAL
FEATURES
OF THE
WEEK
THE BUINDAX CAlil*