VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. Tl.
POPE LEO
REPORTED
VERY ILL
Dispatch From Vienna Says
He Has Had Several
Fainting Fits.
HIS DOCTORS CALLED
♦
.
Advices to the London Morning
Papers Do Not Mention
the Illness.
c .-'- Dispatch ta "__* Call-
VIENNA. Aug. 9.— The Allge
meine Zeitung says that the
Pope is iii. in consequence
of the great heat, and has had
several faintnig fits. Dr. Tap
poni. his physician- was hastily
summoned.
LONDON. Aug. 9.— Dispatches
from Rome to the morning pa
pers do not confirm the alarm
ist statement of the Aligemeine
Zeitung regarding the health of
the Pope.
On the contrary, they assert
that his Holiness is busy prepar
ing an encyclical on the Peace
Conference which will urge the
necessity of the Holy See regain
ing complete temporal liberty in
order that it may promote the
work of peace and arbitration.
REV. FLAVIUS BROBST
ACCUSED BY HIS WIFE
Lays Many Sins at His Beer and
Wants Him Dismissed From
the Ciitirch.
CHICAGO. Aug. : -Mrs. Julia. E. Allen
Brobst has Sled formal charges ajainit '■
her husband. Hey. Flavins J. 8r0.._.. be- |
fore ti_<? Cfc-cajro pr*>sfc ytery to get iiira .
c:._i:s--: :.--..—. that body tor "conduct F
m_b«coi3i___ a minister of the gospel and
a Christian gentle___nV« and it :5 .x
--pected a church trial will be held In the !
near future. In her charges before the!
p__sbyti_Ty Mr.-. Brobst accuses the Rsv- j
erend Flavins with nearly all th - misj_- :
naeanors in th s decalogue, inducing on-fj
truthfulness! ::_•;!. dishonesty, cruel:;.".;
profanity, malice, libel, unnatural con- j
duct. viciousness and falsifying.
The unnatural conduct consisted, ac- j
cording to Mrs. Brobst; in compelling her [
•y remain all night with him at various i
times In Washington Park and i.u-compell- t
ir.g her to __c--:o the Roby racetrack with ;
him :-.-. 1 :_:-- abusing her. Mrs. Brohst's j
attorneys refuse 1 : - discuss why the Rev. j
Br.fcst should tak~ his wife to tne publics
park or racetrack to remain all night, but 1
ninted that when the case cones to trial [
some very sensational testimony would j
t-. gives on those points.
CLEVELAND BUSINESS
MEN OPPOSE STRIKE
Subscribe to a Fund tc 3e Used in
Bringing Dynamiters to
Justice.
'•!._IVEL..N"D. Ohio. Aug. S__-Flve hun
dred business men of. Cleveland held an
anti-boycott meeting to-day in the Cham- i
_-r of 0.r.—.-r ■ r ■". m z: which a. fund
of Slv.XO was started to ferret out the '
criminals who are dynamiting cars ar. i
creating discord in the city. In a few
minutes* time not less than JoOOO was sub
scribed, and the r-j-t of.th- amour.: will
be made up to-morrow.
Millions of dollars were represented in
the men present. Vigorous speeches de
nouncing the boycott strike disturbance
and disorder were made by J. G. XV.
Cowies and James H. lioy. In their ad
dresses they calied attention- to the law
less acts which have terrorized the public.
upheld the course cf Mayor Farley in his
measures tc suppress disorder and said it
was :_me for reputable citizens to unite
and restore peac*. quiet and safety to the
city. A committee of five was selected to
bring about lawful conditions.
__<> * *_ » a, V->.. + _• ♦"'«'♦ »-»--» --•
SCENE ABOUT THE ENTRANCE TO THE MILITARY PRISON AT RENNES.
The San Francisco Call.
CLEMENCEAU EXCORIATES
PROSECUTORS OF DREYFUS
Isle dv Diable Exile Being Tried for a Crime
Esterhazy Admits Having Committed,
The Real Culprit, Acquitted Despite the Knowledge
of His Guilt, Dares Not Put in an
Appearance at Rennes.
Special Cable tc The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted. 1599. by James Gordon Bennett.
P
J_ "The examination of the secret
dossier has commenced and the
hattie is now on. Yesterday accuser
and accused had the preliminary skir
mish, which, however, showed nothing
of their respective strength. But we
heard Dreyfus trying to control his
feelings and crying aloud- his innocence.
How fearful it is that the president
could find no other reply to make than
"Then yon deny the char-re!" Deny
what? Good Godl They condemned
this man for having been the author
of the bordereau which it is now
known Esterhazy wrote, and Esterhazy
dares not present himself at Rennes.
having been acquitted of the crime
which he admits having done. What
madness, opposed to all human losric. to
hunt about to find out whether Drey
fus could have known such and such a
matter mentioned in a bordereau
written by Esterhazy. which he could
know nothing about."
M. Comelly. writing in the Fizaro. in
an ironical vein says: "The wretch!
. Yes. he denies everything, this Drey
fus of misfortune! He obstinately de
clares with criminal vehemence that he
Is not a traitor. He assumed this cyn
ical attitude at the first audience, and
to-day must have acted similarly be
fore the secret dossier. It is the height
of impudence!
"When Dreyfus was sent to the Isle
dv Diab'e because Esterhazy wrote the
bordereau this criminal's dossier would
not have filled the cover of a Dadtage
of ciScTette papers. General BoisdefTre.
seeing this, said to the newly appointed ■
chief of the secret intelligence office.
Colonel Pi-quart: 'There's nothing in
this dossier. We must find something
to put in it. for his family asks expla
nations which it would be difficult to
answer.' Colonel Picquart. riot seeming
to he in a humor to fill out the dos
sier, was sent to the devil, and imme
r'iate'v the dossier swelled out."
SECRET SESSION TO
END ON FRIDAY
Documents Contained in the Dossier
Will Then Have Been Dis
posed Of.
REXXES. France. Aug. ?.— The se
cret session of the Dreyfus court-mar
tial to-day lasted from. 6:30 a. m. to
11: -15 a. m.
• I
his part of the examination of the dos
sier. He will be heard to-morrow for
a couple of hours and then M. Paleo
logue of the Foreign Office will take un
the task, which, it is understood, will
be completed on Friday next. A pub
lic session, therefore, will take place
on Saturday morning.
The dossier consists of about 40>> doc
uments; of which fifty were disposed of
yesterday. Several of the documents
are written in German. During the
proceedings to-day. a German diction -
ary was sent for. and when certain
words and phrases could not exactly
be understood even with the aid of the
dictionary. Dreyfus, who is a perfect
German scholar, volunteered a transla
tion and was allowed to give explana
tions, which were of valuable assist
ance to the members of the court.
The precautionary police measures
to-day were much more stringent than
SAN FRANCISCO. THURSDAY, AUGUST 10. 1599.
ESTERHAZY'S
CONFESSION
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.'— A Journal (
cable from Rennes says: Com- ■*
of the court-martial which is try- **
ing Dreyfus, has received a letter C
from Major Esterhazy. The letter ■.
is Esterhazy"s refusal to return i
from London as a -witness at the *
trial in response, to a subpena and *
guarantee of safe conduct from
the French Government. It is a -i
rambling and disjointed communi- i
cation of HGO words, evidently the j
w.> rk of a disjointed mind. . *
That Esterhazy is practically _\
mad everybody who has met him 5
knows. His emaciated face, hjs f_
burning, glittering eyes, sunken ■*
deep in their sockets, his deeply -C
furrowed forehead and his high. *
spasmodic, nervous tension all
show clearly to any alienist the v
v
incurable result cf sleeplessness. A
dissipation and absinthe. (_
Esterhazy makes "specific state- _,
ments in the letter just received, r
which are of the highest sigr.ifi-
cancel as follows: C
"I entered into relations ■with 4
Scbwarzkoppen, the German mill- C
... attache, in ISM- Schwarz- •*
k-rr-n told me that he had in his »
service at the French Ministry of <•
War a captain of artillery. I told ';
this to Sandherr and he said: *I c
know the man ar.d I've got him.' c
"I wrote the bordereau on Sand- J
h-rr*s instructions- and took it '
mjself to the German embassy
when I knew Schwarzkoppen was _,
a*ay from Paris on leave. It was t m
seized there by one of our agents. _-.
a German, and taken to Colonci %
Her.ry. j
"Henry was my friend. I had C
lived beside him. fcr a long __me. -*
He knew me very well. He knew (
my handwriting better than any- -.
body. Henry said to me. 'Our •'
hands are full of proof against -.
Dreyfus.' " (
These are specific statements. ■*
a._d this was the absolute begin- '
r.:r._r cf the action against Drey- .
fus. The two active agents in +
causing it were Esterhazy and £
x^jPc^o+iy+G+O+Q+G ♦ O ♦©+©♦ C
yesterday. Stror.s" detachments of in
fantry instead of cendarmes, cordoned
the streets leadir..: to the Lycee. Gen
darmes alone performed this duty yes
terday, and the people, who were much
less numerous, barely, mustering 200
persons, were Dressed still further back.
Even persons standing inside the en
trance hail of the house within view of
the door of the Lycee were compelled
by gendarmes to retreat into the in
terior of the house and the front door
was closed. Absolutely nobody but the
police and soldiers were thus within 100
yards cf Dreyfus when he crossed the
Avenue de ia Gare.
The police authorities expla'^i th*
rigor of these measures on the ground
that yesterday a few cries against the
prisoner were raised while he was
crossing the avenue. Not a discordant
note was heard anywhere to-day.
WHY THE DOSSIER IS
SO CLOSELY GUARDED
NE^ TORK. Aug. s.— The Journal has
the following from Paris:
•'I can speak with authority upon the
.♦•♦•♦■♦•♦-♦•♦•♦•♦-#
dossier now under examination at Rei
nes. for I know its contents from the one
man who has mastered it best- That man
is Demange. Dreyfus' lawyer. He studied
every word of it twice — first in- I»_4 and
again before the present trial began.
The dossier is a collection of numerous
documents supposed to bear upon the
Dreyfus case. It cohsists cf two parts —
namely, military and diplomatic.
"It is composed of about nine hundred
different papers. Of these seven hundred
are wholly unimportant. There are many
------ women. - retailing gossip.
Three women are either personal ends
of army officers or their mistresses. Their
chatter is of no consequence. It is some
thing like this: 'I met a woman who met
another woman who heard another wom
an say she knew a woman who dreamed
that Dreyfus had relations with the
German Embassy.'
"None but mer. blinded by crazy preju
dice could think of putting such silly let
ters in the dossier. In point of fact some
of the higher officers are not only preju
diced but ignorant. The intellectua
weakness of Boisdeffre and Mercier was
the laughing stock of the army before
attention was called off by the Dreyfus
case.
" "Of the two hundred serious papers
seme are reports of more or less conse
cuence. There are some forgeries in the
dossier. The reason for secrecy does not |
arise from anything the dossier contains
regarding Dreyfus. It is because certain
documents or letters mention a scandal
in which Schwartskoppen. the military |
attache, and Panizzard!. the Italian mill- 1
tar;.- attache, are alleged to be concerned. I
The Countess de Munster's name is also
connected with that of another well
known woman of Paris.
"Revelations of this nature, even if well \
founded, would not bring on a war ...
either Germany or Italy. If war is made
for such a cause, then let it come.
"The German Emperor, with his well
defined ideas of ethics, would be the first
to punish the perpetrators Of such a
crime!
"The present examination is not defini
tive. It .for the purpose cf separating
the documents pertaining 'to Dreyfus
from others. There will then be a pub
lic examination of the former, but names,
the mention Of which misht give offense. j
will not be uttered. Such is Gallifet's or- j
"In the United States such evidence as
Is furnished by the dossier would not be
strong enough to bring a 'man into court.
"Dreyfus will be acquitted.
" -FRANCIS DE PRESSENSE.
"Editor of Le Temps."
PLAGUE MOVING
STEADILY WESTWARD'
Many Mediterranean Ports Have Es
tablished Strict Quarantine
Regulations.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 1 —The steady
westward advance of the plague and of
the conditions prevailing, with its latest
point of attack in- Alexandria. Egypt, are;
discussed in a report made to the State
Department by Consul Robert- C. Skinner
at Marseilles. He declares that the ap
pearance of the disease at Alexandria i
shews a constant moveme_nt_ westward
and frtm its location there it is a menace
to the great Mediterranean ports of :
Europe, most of which have adopted rigid ;
quarantine measures.
The state of affairs in Alexandria is set
forth in a letter to the commercial ■__- |
thoritfes at Marseilles bearing date of 1
June 25. If says the •.•pidemic neither in
creases nor diminishes, but that about \
two new cases appear daily, with occa- f
sional interval?- The municipality and \
the sanitary service of the city d_sDi.iv I
tireless seal in adopting measures of pre
ventlon. Ail suspects are immediately re— j
moved to a lazaretto.
A premium of two francs f_3S cents) is:
given to any individual who will inform I
the authorities of a case of plague, and I
a premium of one franc is offered for ihe j
head of every rat dead cf the plague.
«
xinlanders Emigrating.
ST. JOHN. N. F.. Ang. 5.— A deputa
tion of Finianders is here inspecting the !
country with a view to _.-•--
Immigration of thousands of Finianders,
who are emigrating because of the
tyranny of the Russian Government. Jo
seph Chamberlain. Secretary of State for f
the Colonies, sent with them a special i
message to the Governor of Newfound- 1
land. Sir Hush McCallum. that ail as- .
ssstance practicable be rendered them, s
To-day the deputation started on a tour of I
inspection of the various sections of the [
island which seem adaptable to their j
P****: .
_ _»
Colonel "Bill" Sinn Dead.
PITTSFIELD. Mass . Aug Sl— Colonel
William F. Sinn, for many years propri
etor of -•■:•_ —.-.?. us Theater. Brooklyn,
died at the Maplewood Hotel in ------
to-night, aged *5 years. He was married
to Cora Tanner, the ---..- but five
years a_ro she obtained - separation at
Fargo, N. D. i
SHOT TO DEATH
AT NIGHT IN A
COUNTRY STORE
Frightful Fate of One of
Placer's Best Known
Young Men.
SUSPECTS UNDER ARREST
— • —
talk S. Landis Battles for Life
in the Dark With Unknown
Assassins.
♦
=_:-■-___ IMspa.C- t_ n_a __::. .
FIREMEN INJURED IN A DISASTROUS BLAZE IN A MARKET
SACRAMENTO. Aug. s.— The little
town of Lincoln, Placer County,
is in a state of frenzy over the
murder of Frank S. Landis,
brother of the Clerk of Placer
County, J. B. Landis, and son of John
Landis. a prominent merchant of Sac
ramento.
Two men are under arrest to-night
Dn suspicion of complicity in the mur- j
ier. One of them is John Alber. anj
employe of the Lincoln cannery. The
suspicion Ls slight, but the Sheriff of }
Placer County is determined that th- j
guilty man shall not escape.
Nobody in all Placer County was bet- !
:er liked than ycung Frank Landis of j
Lincoln. He and his brother kept the I
eading store in the town and when the I
.rother became County Clerk the man- j
igement of the establishment fell to >
Frank. No hour was too late for young j
L-andis to accc mmodate a customer and '
ie could be seen as late as midnight j
.pening up his store to serve some I
friend with a trifling want. It was this
rpirit of accommodation that led to his I
ieath-
This morning before daylight Mrs. \
Ewitzler, who lives within view of f
Landis' store, arose to prepare an early j
breakfast. She had laid out a ham and j
plate of biscuit the night before, but {
when she -:-•- . them this morning f
.he found them gone. Hastily glancing I
iown the street; as if to locate the pur- j
ioiners of her fare. Mrs." Switzler sawf
:he front door of the Landis store ajar. \
she notified E- v 7. Redding, the night \
watchman, of her loss and also of herf
liscovery "with reference to the store.
Redding proceeded to investigate. He t
opened the store door, .only to be con- [
fronted by the corpse of Frank Landis I
lying upon the floor. His hat and re- [
e-oiver lay on the floor a short distances
away. One cartridge in the revolver!
had been exploded. Suicide was the j
srst explanation advanced, but later j
iisco v- showed that Landis had
been killed while fighting for his life. \
About twenty feet away from the :
body was the private office Inside the \
.Sice was a safe. A lamp always stood j
3n top of the safe. This lamp was j
Continue- e_ Sees-- Fiji
BRAVE FIREMEN HURT
BY A FALLING ROOF
Six of Them Injured While Fighting a
Blaze in a Meat Market
Fire at Sixth and Market Streets Destroys Prop
erty Valued at Fifteen Thousand Dollars.
Heroic Efforts of the Spectators.
tt OHX McGXVTNS. a member of
' E^g* 2 * Company 10. fractured
Engine C___.r3.__7 '--■ fractured
hip and an extensive scalp
j wound.
Daniel Higgins of Truck 1. thigh
t ':: : ken.
Dave Levy of Engine 14. seal
; badly torn.
I
Eugene Crewe, foreman at Truck
1. head severely cut.
John Eeehan. of Engine 10. knee
wrenched.
Sidney Cummin gs of Truck 4.
slightly injured about the head.
A serious fire, entailinga loss of about
JIo.OOO and almost resulting in th*
death of several firemen, broke cut
shortly before S o'clock last evening in
Starr & Owens' restaurant, S Sixth
street.
The flames spread wit! considerable
rapidity and in a brief space of time;
the Grand Central market, at S«j7 Mar- j
ket street, became a burning furnace.
In the hope of saving the' adjoining I
houses and to prevent a conflagration.
which seemed imminent. Chief Sulli- j
van turned in a second alarm, calling
out the engines of the outlying dis- j
tricts. Eearing that the entire block j
would be wiped out. the firemen- con
cent-rated their efforts to confine the j
Sanies to the market and restaurant.
Just as the firemen had the fire under '
control the roof of the market fell with j
a resounding crash. A cry of horror j
went up from the immense crowd that !
was viewing the fire from Market
street; and. breaking through the po- i
lice lines, many of the excited specta- j
tors rushed to the assistance of the j
wounded firemen. _ .-'
A few -minutes later another portion ]
of the burning building fell, but for- j
tunat~ the crowd of rescuers received j
warning of the threatened collapse and
escaped just as the heavy timbers I
crashed to the ground. ' . y \
The cries of the firemen who had
been injured by the falling of the roof ;
could be distinctly heard by their com- |
rades. and. without waiting for orders j
from the chief or his assistants * they j
plunged into the burning building.
James McGivlns, a member of Engine i
Company 10. was the . first of S r the j
injured men to be rescued. He was I
found under a pile of burning _ timbers i
with his hip broken and his. face; coy- ■
ered with blood that flowed from an j
ugly scalp wound in his. head. When
tenderly laid on the sidewalk he brave- j
ly ordered his rescuers not to "bother" j
with him. but to lose no time in getting
out his injured comrades, who were in <
imminent danger of being "roasted j
alive." as he expressed it. - I
While he was thus ___..'_ fa____elf j
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
four firemen emerged from the doomed
bonding carrying in their arms Daniei
Higgins of Truck 1. who had hi*
thigh broken by the failing roof Both
men were immediately placed in the pa
trol wagons, which were in waiting",
and taken to the hospital.
Scarcely had they been driven away
from the scene when Dave Levy cf
Engine -14 was taken from j the
f building, bleeding prcfusely from a
[ deep cut in his head. He was also rur
i riedly conveyed to the Receiving Hos
' P itaL „
Eugene Crowe, foreman of Truck L
•- was struck on the head by a piece of
: falling timber and sustained an ugly
■ scalp wound. • His comrades who
dragged him out of the ruins gathered
; around him and begged him to seek
medical attendance.
"I am all right, boys," he assured
them wiping the blood from his face.
■ "I don't intend to leave here until I am
i satisfied that there is nobody else in
the ruins."
I He then re-entered the building and
! assisted in the search for the injured-
John Feehan of En sine 10 and Sidney
i Cummmgs of Truck - were also slight-
Ily injured by the falling roof. Cum
! mings, while emerging from the build
i ing. was accidentally struck with the
I nozzle of a hose and rendered uncon-
I scions. He recovered in a short time
j and renewed his efforts to subdue the
I fames. - :_"*\--r: z+ -.
"While the brave firemen were rescu
l ing their injure! comrades the flames
I were spreading with alarming rapidity.
Chief Sullivan promptly ordered his
men. to redouble their efforts, and after
I over an hour's hard work they succeed
. Ed in subduing the blaze.
In addition to the destruction of the
) market and restaurant a barber shop
. owned by Stems & Hag at 11 Sixth
Street; "Our House" saloon, at S<s3
Market street: dry goods store of J. W.
i Pendersrast, at 7 Sixth street, and a
. florist store, kept by Kahn & Lasserre.
I at 5 Sixth street, were damaged by fire
I and water.
I Starr & Owens, proprietors of the
t restaurant, estimate their loss to be
I about SHOO, including ranges and other
I property, which is fully covered by mi
i surance. Stems __ Hagan. proprietors
| of the barber shop immediately adjoin
ing the oyster house. lost their heating
! apparatus and the bath: if* connec
rwllniii -i* 9- =«s__l Pa_u_.2
LYNCHED MEN NOT
ITALIAN CITIZENS
Three of th)e Five filled in Louisi
ana Were Naturalized
America
A CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHING- ©
g TON "lug Three of the five Italians lynched In Louisiana were full 5
._• fledged American citizens. All doubt on this point was removed to-day A
$ when the State Department received from Governor Foster of Louisiana S
£. certified copies of the final naturalization papers of Frank, Charles and ; «
§_ Joe Difatta. . O
£• Marquis Romano, secretary af the Italian embassy, who arrived here '*»
8 to-day from Louisiana, where he made a personal investigation of the «
8 lynching, stated this afternoon that his information showed that none of £
'*• the men had relinquished Italian citizenship, but in' view' of Governor Fos- j*
£> ter's statement he and Count Vinci, charge d'affaires of the embassy. «
•* were willing to concede that the matter was open to doubt and yet to *5
'-_ be established. i*
% The Italian embassy has contented itself with urging that an Invest!- £
? gation be made and the perpetrators of the crime punished. The Grand i<
'■ Jury appointed to make the investigation will assemble this week, and g
Q until its report is made it-is not expected any demand for Indemnity will <$
i* be made Tin of the men being American citizens, however, this Gov- S3
« ernment will certainly not admit the right of Italy to demand any in- '&
£ demnity in their cases, though it is willing to pay an indemnity for the £
i« two Italian subjects. '£
•O Immediately upon his arrival here Marquis Romano called upon -.
V Count Vinci and supplemented his written report by further Informa- £.
-• tion. Marquis Romano asserts that his conclusions were evolved from s«
£» Information given him by American -citizens living near the seem of the o
'._ lynchings. •_>
o* : O
So*, v v:>% --\o*.v\v •. o \ov: %o\o% o •.:••.:■•. v\o\ <:• v:> % o 88Csac_sc8£C8_o«
JIMINEZ GAINING
STRENGTH MIL.
San Domingo Revolu
tion Spreading.
— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti. Aug. 9.—Gen
eral Francisco Liriano, sent from Monte
Christ! by the Dominican Government
to attack General Ramon Pacheco at Da
jabon. the headquarters of the evolu
tionists, was abandoned wiien he arrived
in front of the enemy by his troops, who,
without tiring a shot, deserted and en-
red the camp of General Pacheco. The
advanced posts of the latter are at Las
Agiias, and the revolutionists are masters
of the fords across the River Yaque. thus
cutting off communication between Monte
Christ! and the interior. The forces of
Don Juan Isidore Jiminez. leader of the
revolution, are being augmented every
day and news from every part of the
Dominican republic is favorable to him.
PORT At" PRINCE, Hayti, Aug. 9.—
The latest news from San Domingo says
the revolutionary movement is extending
and the province of Vega is in arms.
It is impossible to obtain any details
here. The city is calm.
The relations between the United
States and Hayti are cordial. The Hay-
Tien Government has authorized the erec
tion of an American meteorological sta
tion at Cape Haytlen. The permission
to establish such a station had previously
been refused and the fact that permission
has now been grant* d demonstrates the
extension of American influence in Hayti.
PROBING ROBBERIES IN
NEW YORK'S TENDERLOIN
Mazet Committee Seeking to Prove
Collusion Between Police and
Criminals.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— Almost all of the
testimony elicited at the Mazet legisla- |
tive investigation to-day was to show
how frequently men are robbed in this
city while paying 'visits to the Tender
loin, the "Bowery" and other sections of
the city, whore groups gather after the
midnight hours.
Mr. Mops had difficulty in obtaining wit
nesses for to-day's session. The men who
had been victims of this sort of crime
were decidedly averse to appearing before
the committee and telling about it. Two
hundred and fifty subpenas had been Is
sued for men who had been robbed by
women: Not a quarter of them could be
found. Nevertheless. Mr. Moss was able
to put witness after witness upon the
stand and obtain account after account
of robberies alleged to have occurred in
disorderly houses in this city. Occasion
ally the witnesses under oath told of facts
which appeared to show collusion be
tween the police and the female robbers.
Mr. Moss announced that, similar testi
mony with variations would be product
before the committee to-morrow. The
variations, it is understood, refer to an
investigation of the opium dens of the
city.
THOUSANDS ARE HOMELESS.
Disastrous Floods Along Three Riv
ers in Argentina.
Specinl Cable to The Cal! nnd the New York
Herald Copyrighted, 1539, by James ' tor
don Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Aug.- 9.--Word
come? from southern territories that the
rivers Chubut, Rio Negro and Limay have
overflowed.') the waters, covering a vast
region. Rawson. the capital of Chubut
Territory, is completely destroyed. Much
damage has been done in different colo
nies, among them the famous Welsh colo
nies of Chubut. Thousands of persons are
without shelter.
Cuts Into Freight Rates.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— A sensation was
caused at the meeting here to-day of the
-executive officers of the Western railroads
by the announcement that th.-- Grand
Trunk Railroad, in connection with the
Burlington road and tbe, Maine Steamship
line, bad established a rate of SO cents per
I'jO pounds on flrst-class freight from New
York to Kansas City. This is the same
as the rate from Chicago to Kansas City
by the Burlington and other direct lines.
Transports to Coal at Nagasaki.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— An order has
been' issued directing that all civic trans
ports shall coal at Nagasaki, both go
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
. Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali, in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
truggist*; all sorts of people use it.
ing and coming. This will avoid the de
lays of coaling at Manila, which has pre
vented the ships leaving that port at the
time scheduled.
JENNIE WORRELL COMES
TO AN AWFUL END
Once Popular Actress Fatally Burned
in a Meadow Fire Near Coney
Island.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— A big meadow
fire occurred on Coney Island this after
noon. When it was extinguished the
burned district covered an area nearly a
mile square. A woman was found lying
near the edge of the burned district., so
badly burned that she will die before
morning. She was identified as Jennie
Worrell, one of the famous Worrell sis
ters, actresses.
Jennie Worrell was horn in Cincinnati
in 1850. In ISSS she and her sisters
made a great hit in San Francisco in bur
lesque. Afterward they came to New
York and In 1566 made their first appear
ance in this city at Wood's Theater, ap
pearing in the burlesque "Elves." Jennie
also played a leading role in the farce,
"Nan. the Good-for-Nothlng." at the
same theater. They leased the New York
Theater, which they managed for two
years and then went on a starring tour
through the country. Of late years Jennie
Worrell has not appeared on the stage
because she was a confirmed inebriate.
GEORGE PULLMAN TO
TAKE THE KEELEY CURE
Will Enter the Institution at White !
Plains — Sanger Is Controlling
Himself.
WHITE PLAINS. 'X. H., Aug. 9.— j
George M. Pullman Jr.. son of the late
George M. Pullman, arrived here this i
afternoon with a colored valet from. Long)
Branch and took rooms in a private j
boarding bouse one block from the Keeley i
Institute, which he enters as patient to- ;
morrow. I
LONG BRANCH. N. J., Aug. .9.— In a
special Pullman car young . George M.
Pullman Jr..- son of the late-, palace car;
magnate, left here this afternoon for
White Plains. N. H. Young Pullman will
.take the Keeley cure at White Plains, j
[although he and Ins mother denied such J
a step was In view up to the last. There
have been rumors to the effect that both
Sanger and George would take the Keeley j
cure at White Plains. Sanger is at Allen- |
hurst and according to friends of the j
family is doing better.' Not BO with
George. It has been known for months j
that unless some change was wrought
soon in the young man he would fill 'a
drunkard's grave before he reached 30. :
CATHOLIC TEMPERANCE
CONVENTION OPENS
It Is Expected That President and
the Present Directors Will Ba
Re-Elected.
CHICAGO, Aug. Over 400 delegates
j attended the twenty-ninth annual con-
I vention of the Catholic Total Abstinence
i Union of America, called to-day in Stude
baker Hall. The convention will last
i until Friday. Th,.- brief morning session
j was occupied in the appointment of the
committee on credentials. A business
meeting was held during the afternoon.
! To-night a public meeting will be held
: and addresses made by prominent Cath
; olic divines from all parts of the country.
The afternoon session of the convention
: was occupied largely with routine work.
! Reports were received from the various
! branches of the union and from the com
| mittee on credentials. The election of of-
I fleers will be held to-morrow. It is
thought B. P. Tirney. president of the
| union, will be chosen to serve a second
j term and the rest of the board of officers
I will also be re-elected.
INITIATORY SERVICES
ON PIKES PEAK
I
: First Installment of Cryptic Masons
Arrives and Opens Ceremonies
in the Cog Road Depot.
PIKES PEAK, Aug. -9.— The first in
stallment of Cryptic Masons arrived on
the summit of Pikes Peak this morning
on four special trains of the cog road.
Initiatory services were held in the south
ern rooms of the cog depot, which had
j been especially reserved for the purpose.
To-morrow further services follow, first
by three sunrise trains from Manitou to
j the summit, then by other special trains
'■ following fast upon each other to wit
; ness the ceremonies of the "Crypt," for
i which, upon one of the great solid rocks
upon the northern end of the peak, just.
off the cog road, the Crypt has been pre
pared, into which will be placed the
! records, which no hand of man will ever
i desecrate and upon which the sun will
i rise and set for centuries to come, the
I hurricanes upon the cliff- will blow con
tinuously but never rock, and future ages
■ will look upon 'and view with awe and
j wonder, but dare not touch.
TO CINCH UNCLE SAM.
; Railroads Agree to Keep Up Rates
for Transporting Soldiers.
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— Western general
passenger agents were in session to-day
j considering measures to secure the main
i tenance of the military business going
jto and coming from the Philippines. As
I volunteers are continually arriving at
San Francisco from the Philippines the
, competition for carrying them to their
; homes is growing stronger, and an Iron
agreement Is found to be necessary to pre
ve;,! widespread demoralization. The
agreement now. being perfected guaran
tees to each road Interested a". reasonable
sharcof the business and in this way it
is believed undue competition for the
business- will be prevented and paving
rates obtained from the Government.
Died From Her Injuries.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— Mrs] A. C. Brown,
who was thrown from her bicycle by a
collision with a butcher cart last week
died this evening without having re
gained consciousness.
New Transport.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. The quarter
master's department has chartered the
City of Sydney and she will at once be
fitted up to take marines and recruits to
Manila. ■-•*.-.:■> -so-;.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, IS9H.
TELEGRAPH
WIRES INTO
YAQUI LAND
Completion of a System That
Will Aid the Mexican ;
Troops.
REMOVESiHMDIQP
- — *— ■
Hereafter Every Move Made. by the
Indians Will Be Known at
• Once at Headquarters.
. — * — I
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Aug. 9.— A dispatch
from Durango, Mexico, says that Man
uel Lopez Serano, constructor in the •
service of the Federal Telegraph Com- j
pany, has just reached that city from
the Y'aqui Indian country, where he has j
been employed for the past ten months
extending the Government telegraph
lines to remote mountain and river val
ley towns and village-.. He left Cocori,
a thriving little town in the rich Yaqui
River Valley, shortly after the recent i
outbreak of the Yaquis occurred and
he had an escort of a troop of Mexican
cavalry to the mouth of the river,
where. 'he caught a boat for Mazatlan,
from which place he' came to Durango
and took the train this evening for the
City Of Mexico.
Serano said the Government was in j
much better shape to make a successful
campaign against the rebellious tribe :
How than in any of the previous wars. j
Immediately after the signing of the
treaty of peace over two years ago the
War Department directed the Federal
Telegraph Company to connect every
town and village in the old Yaqui
country with. the. general telegraph sys- ,
tern. This has been done and there is J
now hardly a point in the turbulent
territory that is not in direct tele- j
graphic communication with the War j
Department. Every move that roving i
bands of Yaquis make is Instantly
known to the military authorities and
the movement of troops is directed ac- i
cordingly, lt is expected some of these |
wires will be cut and the lines de- j
stroyed by the Indians, but some of the j
circuits will be kept intact and the |
campaign properly directed from the
City of Mexico.
In former wars with the Y'aquis there
was no telegraphic communication with
the unknown region and the troops had
to use their own judgment as to the
conduct of the campaign, with the re
suit that they would often be drawn
into ambush or b made to travel hun
dreds of miles on a fruitless chase after '
the wily braves. Continuing, Senor j
Serano said:
"I am convinced that the War De- !
partment is thoroughly informed as to
the relative position of every warring
Indian band in the Yaqui Valley and
that the troops now being massed along
the lower course of the river will strike
at the vital points when the word is
given to move. The present rising
causes the Mexican military authori
ties no surprise, it has been expected
for over a year. The first information
of the contemplated outbreak was given
to General Torres by the old Yaqui
chief, Tebiate, several months ago, and
immediately thereafter the work of
massing troops in the State of Sonora
began and has been going on ever since,
until there are now over 8000 available
men.
"The war will be over in a few
months. There will be no temporizing
with the Indians this time. It is going
to be a campaign Of extermination- and
the Yaquis will have to succumb to a
greatly superior force. I have been all J
through • their so-called mountain
strongholds during the past few months
and there is hardly a place that cannot
be reached by Mexican troops and \
mountain artillery. ".If the Y'aquis keep
divided into one or two forces they will
be easily defeated:. If they break into
smaller bands they may cause the Gov
ernment troops much annoyance, but
their 'ultimate extermination or com- ;
plete subjection is certain to occur."
Si nor Serano • said the Indians had
committed many murders and de
stroyed a large amount of valuable
property belonging to peaceable Mexi
cans before they left the valley. They
had had one engagement with a small
force of Mexican troops near the vil
lage of Onava, resulting in the defeat
of the Y'aquis, their loss in killed be
ing nine men. One Mexican soldier was j
killed and two wounded in the fights.
CONVICTS TO FIGHT YAQUIS.
Released From Mexican Prisons and
Sent to the Front.
GUAYMAS. Sonora, Mexico, Aug. 9.— -
While the major portion of the - rebellious
Yaquis are concentrated at Victim and
Bocum, where the decisive battle of the
campaign is to be fought, several ma
rauding hands are scattered throughout
the country. No one dares to leave the
towns and there exists a state of terror j
seldom equaled in the history of the State
of Sonora. All the towns along the Y'aqui
River are appealing to the Federal Gov
ernment for arms, which are being sup
plied as rapidly as possible.
A prisoner who escaped from Vlcum to
Potam says that a band of Indians
crossed the river and had gone in the di
rection of the hacienda of Guamuchil,
where the family of General Torres re
sides, for the purpose of • attacking it.
The hacienda is defended by a small gar- I
rison in charge of Senor D. A. Torres and :
grave fears are entertained for the safety j
of the old veteran's family.
The Governor has ordered the release I
of tho convicts and prisoners in the Jails i
throughout the State and they are being
armed and hurried to the front to fight
the Yaquis.
Colonel Maafs of the Seventeenth Bat
talion has left for Potam with a battery !
of artillery.
«.
General Torres' Wound Not Serious. l
POTAM, Mexico. Aug. 9.— The surgeon
in attendance on General Lorenzo Torres,
the commander of the Government forces,
reports that the wound of the general is '
not serious and unless blood poisoning
sets in he will be. able to direct operations
against the Yaquis in person within a few
weeks. ■
Wormouth Cass Revived.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 9.-The famous
I legal fend waged between Ebenezer Wor
' mouth. the Mill Valley capitalist, on the
; one side, and Peter and Jacob Gardener
' on the other, which was believed to have
been settled for all time by a recent de
i cision of the State Supreme Court, has
: been given a fresh lease of life and taken
into the Federal jurisdiction. The State
Supreme Court recently decided in favor
of Wormouth, and his opponents have
taken it into the United States Supreme
. Court on a writ of error granted by Jus-
I tice Beatty,
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT.
AUCTION SALE TO-DAY for
boxes and the choice seats at
the Orpheum at high noon.
AGNEWS ASYLUM IS
POLITICAL PROPERTY
What a Tote for Burns Means to
Dr. G. D, Marvin.
Governor Gage and the Mexican Colonel Use
" the State Institution to Pay Their '
Own Debts. ....-• ■
PAN JOSE, Aug. 9.— Another political j
scandal has forced its murky way
through the crust In which it was t en
cased to demonstrate again the griplike >
hold Colonel Dan Burns ami '.Governor !
Gage have placed upon State institutions. J
This time it is the Agnews Insane Asylum
which has beer used to feed the insatia- i
ble* lust of these heavy handed' politicians I
In their desire to pay political debts with j
promises of easy positions that have good j
salaries attached. The entire investiga
tion that has been conducted by the j
Board of Managers at Agnews and the ]
State Lunacy Commission, although nec
essary and timely, was really inspired by
Gage and Burns for the express purpose
of placing conscienceless politicians in
the positions which they would force to j
be vacated.
Dr. G. D. Marvin of Humboldt County
figures in the plot. When the battle over
the election of a Senator raged hotly at
Sacramento early this year Dr. Marvin
held out until the last day of the term
and was then whipped into line by the
Burns influence. He voted for the Mexi
can aspirant just in time to make himself
one of the hungry horde that was tore
ceive the emoluments of its servile offices
When the distribution of favors should be
in order. Like all the other converts, Dr. j
Marvin voted for Burns merely because \
he believed in the depths of his con
science that the colonel was the man for
the place. The real inducement, how- |
ever, was a promise of the medical direc
torship Of Agnews Insane Asylum and
for this Dr. Marvin cast his ballot the
last day of the term. ...
The entire proceedings during the in- j
vestigation at Agnews point to the Influ
ence of the Governor and the man back j
->f him. By a fortuitous circumstance, the ,
sutbreaking of a scandal which demanded
the immediate consideration of the now- |
ers the opportunity was given- the Gov
ernor to make strong acclaim against the j
evils and immorality existing within the
asylum walls. His plans to reward Dr.
Marvin for the vote that didn t send
Colonel Dan to Washington were thus j
fortified by the gloss of purity and right
eons conduct.  , . '■■-.
Discontent, intestinal strife, professional
jealousies and. political disquietudes are
twisting the offlce desks In Agnews at the j
present time. It Is asserted on the best
Authority that twenty-two head- are going
to fall Into the basket before many
months, have expired, and they will be
replaced by the Gage and Burns copart
nership, There are five managers on the
hoard at _gnews O. A. Hale and Adolph
Greeninger of San Jose: Isaac Upham of
San Francisco. Edward White of Watson
vllle and Dr. J. K. Curnow of San Jose. •
KENNA TRIES TO
RIVAL COUGHLIN
Carries a Warm Ward-
robe East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Aug. Alderman Michael
Kenna, better known among constituents
as "Hlnky Dink," keeper of several levee
saloons of the lowest type and protector
and proprietor of many gambling houses
on the levee— *' The Patch," "Cheyenne"
and "Hell's Half-Acre"- as the slum dis
tricts are colloquially known, has gone to
Saratoga. His colleague in the Council,
fellow-saloon keeper and partner in the
protectorate, John Coughlln (Bathhouse
John), has been in Saratoga for several
weeks, where he has been cutting a dash
that seems to have made "Hinky Dink"
envious. Coughlin appeared in the /'all
room of the United States Hotel a night
or two after his arrival arrayed in an
olive fir. en "full dress suit,' which at
trad d th- attention of society reporters
and brought Coughlln columns of adver
tising he couldn't otherwise have ob
tained with a Rockefeller bank account
behind him. it was noticed that Mr. Ken
na became very thoughtful on reading
these glowing accounts. He gathered up
the newspapers, marked each Coughlln
article carefully and took them to the
••Read dat stuff careful," he said, "and
den git out v.r clot and oder Ings and
nx me up an outfit of rags dat 11 bay
dat sucker skinned seven ways from de
jack. i understand you made .Bathhouse a
toga Well, I don't care what he * got.
1 want you to skin your own worK, nee.
1 want to make him look like de ueuce.
Money won't cut any carpet in this ideal.
Now you go to work and whittle me out
a outfit that will make an automobile shy
and you'll get your check. I m gom
East." , ,
'with these instructions and : ev-ral
bolts of "Clot," the tailor went to work,
and when tie- Dink unpacks his trunk.-, at
Saratoga he will unfold a deep blue dress
suit heliotrope waistcoat, a shirt covered
with a roulette wheel design, and other
suits and shirts that will start an epi
demic of hydrophobia In the Fast.
"Yes " said the Alderman s tailor,
speaking of Ke'nna's outfit, "the clothes
he bought were original. As to whether
they laid over those of Bathhouse 1
cannot say; that would be a matter of
individual taste. Kenna ls a smaller man
than Coughlin. and perhaps a blue dress
suit is better suited to his style of archi
tecture.  .
"Of course, there were three or four
fancy vests. One was heliotrope, wttn gilt
buttons and yellow dots. Another was
robins-egg blue, with a green vine deli
cately climbing toward the lapels. Kenna
suggested having a couple of robins paint
ed on the top pockets, but I dissuaded
him, not knowing what action the humane
society might take. '■ ". ,
"For the seashore. the Alderman has a
suit of tan. with a cream stripe and or
ange facings on the coat lapel. Then
there, is a Scotch plaid suit for general
wear that is certainly a warm one.
When these modern Beau Brumme s
meet in the famous Eastern Spa there is
expected to be a clash that will be heard
in the First Ward.
SHOT TO DEATH
AT NIGHT IN A
COUNTRY STORE
Continued From First Page.
found on the floor and had the appear
ance of having been roughly stepped
upon, the Indention of the metal top
being plainly marked on the wooden
floor. The back door of the store had
been unlocked from the inside and then
closed as the murderer took his flight.
In the ceiling overhead from the
spot where Landis' body lay was found
the bullet which had been fired from
his revolver. The bullet that had
In November Greeninger and White will
have served their four years' term. In
February of next year Dr. Curnow's term
will have expired. This will give the Gov
ernor three appointees— majority on the
board which controls the- affairs of the
asylum. It will then be an easy matter
for the Governor to satisfy the politicians
who have served him and his friends by
finding all kinds of good quasi-political
Jobs for them within the insane asylum.
The programme is to oust Dr. Sponogle,
the present medical director, and place the
accommodating Dr. Marvin in the .chair.
The investigation undertaken jointly by
the Lunacy Commission and the Board of
Manager.' of Agnews Insane Asylum con
sumed much time and resulted in the pil
ing up of great bulks of evident . When
the opportunity is at hand for the render
ing of the decision it will be sprung and
the programme which was arranged m
Sacramento will then be ordered printed.
Those v. ho know of the inside workings
of things are firm and positive In the be
lief that the Investigation will show what
was prearranged before the- commission
was called into existence.
H. V. Morehouse, Senator from Santa
Ciara County, threw a bomb Into the Ag
news camp last evening. He represents
some of the employes who are fearful
of their jobs and in their interest has
been poring over the law books. He told
tin- Board of Managers that before any
men were discharged to make room for
others written charges had to 1"- filed
against them and an investigation held.
Morehouse contends that it is not with
in the power of the Board of Managers
or the Governor of the State to dismiss
employes unless by the routine prescribed
by law.
The. lunacy law of 1897 covers all the
conditions that might arise and limits the
power of the Governor of the State as
well. These statutes give the medical
director the helm, and there is sure to be
a conflict when the matter is brought up
for legal adjudication.
Behind the sudden and manifestly just
and timely investigation the hand of the
politician Is seen at work. It is just an
other State Institution that has bee,, put
Into the distorted stomach of Gage and
Burns.
At a meeting of the Board of Managers
yesterday afternoon Dr. Stocking, first
medical assistant, presented a communi
cation which asked for an Investigation
of the Iversen case, in which he was in
volved, by a joint commission of the
Lunacy Commissioners and the beard of
managers. This was at first granted, out
the managers suddeljr awoke to the re
alization cf their dignity and recon
sidered. A motion was made to investi
gate the [versei case without the assist
ance of the Lunacy Commission. Green
inger and Hale refused to vote, but the
other manager., voted and an Investiga
tion was ordered.
pierced his own heart was removed
from his backbone. Here was conclu
sive evidence of murder, for only one
ball had been fired from the dead man's
revolver.
A Coroner's jury was summoned, but
it was unable to bring in any verdict
of more definite character than that th"
man had been shot by some person or
persons unknown.
Remembering the loss of her ham and
biscuit, Mrs Switzler conceived the
idea that the two men whom she sus
pected of that theft were responsible
for the murder. The men she had in
mind worked at the cannery, and one of
them was John Aber, now under arrest.
The cannery paid off its help last even
ing and much of the money went into
Landis' safe in settlement for pro
visions. It is. thought probable that
the suspects had asked Landis to ac
commodate them with some articles
from his stock last night and that, once
inside, they endeavored to have hint
open the safe to make change. When
he refused the scuflle which overturned
the lamp may have taken place and
then the murder, twenty feet away, in
the store.
Mrs. Jed Reese was returning from
a friend's house about a block away
when she heard a scuffle in the direc
tion of Landis' store and she mentioned
it to a companion. This was about 10
o'clock last night. The last seen of
Landis was about half an hour before
that time, when, having concluded a
social game of billiards with some
friends, he handed Night Watchman
Redding 'a letter to be mailed. The
two pistol shots were heard by many
citizens, but it appears that at Lincoln
the report of a pistol is not such a
rarity to excite unusual curiosity. The
leading hotel of the town is a stone's
throw from Landis' store, but none of
the habitues of the place paid any at
tention to the shots, which are- de
scribed as having had a somewhat muf
fled sound.
Young Landis was unmarried, and so
far as his relatives and friends knew
he did not have an enemy.
BRAVE FIREMEN HURT
BY A FALLING ROOF
Continued from First Page.
tion with the shop is badly gutted.
Their loss will be about $1500, partially
covered by Insurance. Th- dry goods
house of J. W. Pendergast at 7 Sixth
street was damaged to the extent of
about $200, covered by insurance.
Nairn & Lasserre, florists, at 5 Sixth
street, suffered little loss. The store on
the corner of Market and Sixth streets
is" occupied by the Mozart millinery es
tablishment, and none of the contents
were damaged by fire, but partially by
smoke and water. Smith & Wessmau's
saloon at 995 Market street was flooded
and their stock was extensively dam
aged. B. Conway, proprietor of "Our
House," will lose heavily.
S. Solomon," who owns the meat mar
ket, is the heaviest sufferer. He figures
his loss to be about $9000. The struct
ure in front was scorched so badly as
to render its rebuilding necessary, while
the rear, fronting on Stevenson street,
is a roofless heap of -ruins. Solomon
saved nothing and claims that the
building and its cellar was well stocked
when the fire occurred. ."-...
.A chop house run in connection With
the market was ruined by water aha
the Alaska fur store loses considerable
from smoke and water. The property
in which the fire had its origin is in
sured in the name of Mrs. C. Kalisky,
and most of the other injured property
on Sixth street belongs to the estate of
Isaac Peiser. S. Solomon is the owner
of. the meat market which he occupied.
Fire Marshal Towe estimates the
damage at about $15,000.
KAISER DISCREDITS
DEWEY INTERVIEW
Has Great Faith in the
Admiral.
. — —
NO POSSIBILITY OF A WAR
— ♦ — ■
LOOKS FOR ONLY FRIENDLY
RELATIONS WITH AMERICA.
♦
Congressman Foss and Attache Beh
ler Have a Long Conference
With the Emparor on the
Hohenzollern.
_ — *
Special Dispatch to The fall.
BERLIN. Aug. 9.— According to the j
Berliner Tageblatt, Emperor William re
ceived Congressman George Edmund Foss
of Illinois and United States Attache
Behler on board the Imperial yacht Ho
henzollern last Wednesday at Kiel, grant
ing them an audience of three-quarters of
an hour. •; '.'. -
His Majesty began the conversation by
expressing a belief that Admiral Dewey
had not used the words attributed to
him, suggesting the possibility of "a war |
between the United States and Germany. I
Mr. Foss replied that he had just come |
from Trieste, where he had had long
talks with Admiral Dewey, who had
shown no' hostility toward • Germany.
The Emperor then declared his comic- 1
tion that German-American relations
would remain friendly. Germans In Amer
ica, he said, would take good care that i
no aggressive or hostile policy should
he pursued toward Germany. He said:
".formerly It was the strong German
army that chiefly preserved the peace of
Europe but the future of nations lies on
the ocean. The Increase of the German ]
fleet involves no threat to any other
power; for the stronger a nation 18 at sea ;
the more others will hesitate to begin ;
hostilities. The increase of navies, there
fore; is in reality the best peace con
gress." '-■-_■' ;'■
The Tageblatt does not vouch for the
verbal accuracy of the foregoing, but as
serts that It Is a faithful reproduction of,
the gist of the Emperor's remarks.
STOPPED A RUNAWAY.
1 Fatality Averted by the Bravery of
Peter McGlynn.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 9.— Through the
bravery and presence of mind of a young
■ man named Peter McGlynn, what would
doubtless have been a serious accident
was narrowly averted on the road be
tween here and San Anselmo to-day. As
it was. Baptiste Bottini, the. proprietor
of a resort at Fairfax, had his right leg
broken in two places and sustained inter
: nal injuries, '.'.;'.' *
Bottini's resort is well patronized
in -summer, and he has been in the
■ habit of bringing his guests into town to
■ do a little shopping once or twice a week.
: This morning he drove in a surrey to this
' city and brought with him three young
ladies. The journey here was made safe
ly, but on the return' trip a nut came off
| the axle and released a front wheel. As
' the vehicle careened th.- horse took fright
and dashed furiously down the road,
throwing Bottini out near the residence of
M. M. Tompkins. .IJ". :
The horse continued his mad career for
a quarter of a mile, with the women hold
; ing to the seats as best they could. Near
: San Anselmo there is a curve in the
; road and a deep gully at a point
where a fall would have produced
serious results. McGlynn was lead
, ing a horse down the road and saw
1 the runaway when, there was not time to
' spare if a serious accident was. to be
avoided. He let go his own animal and
through the .runaway horse stumbling,
which momentarily checked his Right, se
cured a grip on the reins, which were |
dragging on the ground. .He was drapsed
a hundred feet, but managed to bring the :
! horse under control just before the turn |
!in the road was reached. . . - |
Bottini was brought to tow;-, and taken ;
i to Smith's hospital, where his fractured
! limb was set by Dr. Howitt.
Farmers' Institute.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 9.— The Mon
terey County Farmers' Institute opened a
two days" session at Assembly Hall in
this city at 10 o'clock this morning, in
troductory addresses being made by Ed
ward Berwick, one of the largest fruit
growers of this county. The institute is
being conducted under the auspices of
the University of California, and Pro
fessors Douglas T. Fowler. C. \V Wood-;
worth and Rioletti. from that institution,
are taking part in the work of the in
stitute. Three sessions were held during
the day. the morning bel - occupied by
Professor Fowler and Professor Wood
worth, the former discussing economic
feeding and the latter talking about
"Lady Birds." The afternoon was devoted
largely to the consideration of various
kinds of Irrigation, especially with regard
to beet culture. The day closed with in
teresting talks by Professor 1. 1 .. Dyche
of Kansas University, Professor Starbuck
of Stanford and others. "..:. ■'■'. .;■•'■
Wants a Mortgage Permit.
SAN RAFAEL.. Aug. 9.— A peculiar pe
tition for permisison to mortgage prop
erty at Sausalito was made in the Sup -
rior Court to-day by the San Francisco
Yacht Club. The petition recited that the
club had decided at a meeting held on
August 7 to mortgage its property for
$3000, and asked for permission to do this
on the ground that it is a "benevolent
organization." Judge Angellotti fixed ihe
21st inst. as the day on which the petition
shall be presented in court.
Del Casse's Mission to Russia.
. LONDON, Aug. 10.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily News says: "M.
Del Casse's visit to St. Petersburg will re
sult in the adoption of certain stipulations
to the treaty of alliance, the object of
which is to enable Franco and Russia to
follow an identical policy on arbitral 1
questions which may arise."
Strife Among Democrats.
SYRACUSE, Aug. P.— The anti-imperial
ists, or Odell faction, were defeated and
left the ball at the meeting 0 Silver
Democrats to-day. The silver men th.n
formed a permanent State organization
and decided to organize all the counties.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
—
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
—
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the cmi- !
nent kidney and bladder specialist, is
wonderfully successful in promptly
curing kidney, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache In the
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache,
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
to pass water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. if you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and
one-dollar sizes. You may have a sam-
ple bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root
and a pamphlet that tells all about it,
including many of the thousands of let- i
ters received from sufferers cured, both
Sent free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & \
Co., Binghamton, N. V., and please j
mention that you read this generous
Offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
■MISCELLANEOUS.
AN OBSTINATE
EYE DISEASE
Cured by Dr. Aborn After Resisting
Ordinary Treatment for Nine
x Years.
The remarkable success of Dr. Abcm,
554 Sutter street, in the treatment of 1 3-
eases of the eye, ear, head, throat aid
! lungs attracted wide attention in this city
thirty years ago. One of these cases came
under the observation of a reporter- yes-
-1 terday. It was that of T. Sullivan of 1
dear'- street, who was cured of a chron 3
disease of the eye of nine years' standing.
Mr. Sullivan says:
SAX FRANCISCO, Aug.. 8, 1899.
This is to certify that Dr. Abort) cured me of
a painful disease nf my eyes thirty years a_",
and they have remained permanently well ever
since. I sintered for nine years prior to treat-
Ing with Dr. Ahorn and had been treated by
several well-known physicians. I was also
treated at the Eye Infirmary in New York with-
out even temporary relief. Dr. Aborn cured
nic permanently in two weeks' time. I would
recommend all "who are afflicted with any dis-
ease of the eyes to apply to Mm. 1 give this
testimonial voluntarily out of gratitude to Dr.
Aborn. I can be seen any day at my place of
business, 9 Geary street, second floor, room "3.
business, Xo. 9 Geary street, second flocjr,
room 22. •
T. -SULLIVAN.
Dr. Aborn, 554 Sutter street, invites all
who have been suffering from chronic
I and obstinate diseases of the eye, ear,
I head, throat and lungs, heart, liver, etc.,
I especially such cases as have resisted the
j ordinary methods of treatment, for free
I consultation. The hours are from 9:30 to
112 and from _: to 4. . . \
-_VXJOTIO2ST
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 California Street,
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY AUGUST 10. 1899
At 12 M. Sharp.
Gov. Post and Stockton.
• SO on Post, 46:8 on Stockton:. N. E. cor.—
* One ot the finest retail and professional office
; corners In San Francisco: rents $1500 monthly
] if rightly improved.
FELL, NEAR MARKET.
27x120—22 Fell st., X line, Vi block from
' Market, I'olk, Van- Ness and- from end of New
Panhandle.
MONTGOMERY. NEAR JACKSON-RENTS $176.
GO :9x13T:8— 812-81. Montgomery; (-story and
I basement brick and iron: 2 stores and 56 rooms.
PINE, NEAR LARKIN. .
50x137:6— 13..0 Pine; 87% ft. E. of Larkin; old
I improvements, but a splendid lot; sunny; good
j frontage; full depth; fine renting and central
j locality.
FOURTH-STREET STORE AND FLAT-RENTS $50.
25x50— 339 Fourth st. (sunny side), near Clara;
■rent now reduced to $50.
PACIFIC, NEAR TAYLOR.
22x68:9—1009 Pacific; 2-story and basement
house; 8 rooms and bath; street accepted.
1 HARRISON, NORTHEAST OF SIXTH.
j 27:6x55— 964- 968 Harrison. 137:8 N. E. of Sixth
st. ; 4 flats in front and rear house of 5 rooms.
HARRISON, BOOTH OF NINTH.
30x7"— 130-1 Harrison, S. line; S. of Ninth St.,
i adjoining the corner of Pore St., with dwelling.
LARGE CORNER, FILLMORE AND GREEN.
68:9x87:8— 5. _. cor. Fillmore and Green;
j accessible by 2 lines of cars to all parts of the
I CU> ' HOWARD, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH.
22:6x80—920 Howard; 27. ft. E. of Mary St., be-
-1 tween sth and 6th; cottage of 5 rooms and rear
house. . y ■
TWENTY-SIXTH-STREET COTTAGE.
;v>t'.\ 3103 26th st., 25 feet W of Harrison;
j 4 rooms and bath; near Cogswell School; facing
I Garfield Square.
! TRUST
! Your Oculist
! •• ■ . . - : ;•:■: .
j And bring' us the order for glasses. They will
] be made to suit htrn and fit you. With the new
clip, don't slip. tilt, waver or pinch.
. Factory on premises: quick repairing. Phone
Main 10.
optic, A ns4.,>,;c~> ;
642 Market St. .instruments
w«_i!n c--.u.» .■-_ 1 I*lll
I ' "
Health is Weaifh.
i r" ___"«£ 77, -main
i DR. E. C. WESTS
; NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
j THE ORIGINAL. ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS.
la sold under positive Written C.uara_.te{\
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziaess. Wakefulness, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Lo3sea, Evil Dreams, Lack -of Conli-
doneo. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive l>o of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, .la
box; six for $5; with •written a_nrnntee«to
cure or refund money. Sample pacK-
ago, containing five days' treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents, One eamule only sold to
each parson. At etoro or by mail. '*___'__''■"-'
,fs^^s3rßcd Label Special^^^®'
b&Wg® Extra Strength. SfflV^J
<y^-'K_r For Impotency, Loss oiw'wfl
___\\>4,>iff Power, Lo6t Manhood, mi JOtv
Tr»*y»- Sterility or Barrenness^ *_■'-/
%^K_P_____%\ a box; six for $5. wit.ij*JP<%g<
'^written n ffuarante^K^lW
-^ ''" to cure in 30 days. AtstoreWVm^
B&lrOßcovbyn;.il. AFTER
i GEORGF DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Ajft»..
j tl4 Kearny st.. San Franclaco^ ■
000000000000000000
t T s.' PALACE '^l
%GRAND H ? TELS I
" SAN FRANCISCO. "
" Connected by a. covered passageway. : "
0 1400 Room?— 900 w. h Bath Attschefl. ©
O All Under One ■ Management. . - O
O NOTE THE PRICES: .- ' 1 O
O European Plan.gl.OO per day and upward O
_». American Plan. H.'..Ol> per day and upward _
*J Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. E.IB_:FATBICK. fdanagsr. O
000000000000000000
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
la a Great Restorative,, Invigorator and Ner-
vine. • ." . • 'y. .:. ■ i '._'
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic. for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The ' Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and. Bladder. Sells on its own Merits.
■; NABER. ALFS.& BRUNE 'Agents.
m Market street. S.F.— (Send for* Circular.)
SIMM- HALL'S BEINYIGORATOR
;___M ■____: Five hundred reward for a:.y
tq^ """Tfj case we cannot cure. This secret
i_-_ -_-_« remedy ' stops all losses in 2*
LUG! ° TWR hours - cures Emissions. Impo-
"jJJT? "w_T= -^, ncy> Varicocele. Gonorrhoea,
Efl Kjat. '-■! *n. • , Pits . Strictures. L-t
W?W — _^Si\ Manhood and all wasting effects
_._, _ . £.1 self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. 12 bottle; 3 -bottles. $..; guaranteed to
cur e any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. Sao 13roa_way. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market st.. S. F. All privata
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
0- 1 §jf illf INDIAN 0 OpluM CUBE.
■ ■ 111 B. D. KIMMIB, 801, Turk
St., San Fraacia.o. -FIGHTING
ALL ALONG
THE LINE
American Forces Advance to
Within Three Miles of
Angeles.
INFLICT "HEAVY LOSS
»
Casualties in Mac Arthur's Division
Number Nine Killed and
Twenty-Nine Wonnded.
— »
_r--I___l Dispatch ta __« C__-
-lANELA. Aug. 10.— CNocn)—
Troops under General Mac Arthur
rooted at Calulut thia n-.srr.ir.g while
Genersi Wbeatoxi'a t-.mmiLnd ad
vanced toward the enemy's position.
The -B-eather to-day is scorching and
rainless. The gunboats Concord.
Callao and Tot-Tro-Km. have shelled
Paxnpagna, portly destroying the
place. The natives replied Tvith mus
ketry and cannon, but were driven to
the hills.
MANILA. A_.r. s.— Genera! Mac-
Arthur's entire force. 5000 men.
with the exception cf 600 de
tailed to guard San Fernando,
left the latter place early this
morning and moved against the main
insurgent army. The troops engaged
In the movement were the Ninth,
Twelfth. Sixteenth. Seventeenth. Twen
ty-second and Thirty-sixth regular In
fantry and the Fifty-hrst lowa voiun
*____-_
leers.
To-night the troops rest victorious
ten miles north cf San Fernando, the
enemy having been scattered with
great loss. Our casualties have not
been definitely received.
The advance of the Americans _. -__
steady, but the marching was extreme
ly difficult, owing to mud and water,
which covered the country, and the in
tense heat. It took nve hours to cover
the first nve miles.
The first troops to move were the
Thirty-sixth Infantry, commanded by !
Colonel Bell, starting at 2 a. m. for the
railway to the west of San Fernando,
down which they marched to attack
Bacoior, which the rebels had reoccu
pied after the withdrawal of the Am
ericans. An armored car propelled by j
hand had been prepared and this led j
the advance. The rebels at Bacoior did j
n i offer much resistance and after a j
short right the place was captured at
daybreak, the insurgents fieeing north- !
wafdJ
Almost concurrently with Colonel
_ _ll's movement. Brigadier General:
ILiscomb's command, the Twelfth:
and Ninth Infantry, with three
guns of the Third Artillery, moved ;
toJßihe west of the railway,
and General Wheaton. with the j
Seventeenth and Twenty-second In
fantry and Fifty-first' lowa, with two i
guns, moved to the east of the line.
The two guns were first dragged over,
the railway ties fay horses, and then the [
enemy, who had dug trenches, were i
shelled for a half hour. Only a slight
reply was made to the artillery fire, but ;
when the infantry advanced heavy fire
was drawn from the rebels. The lowans
and the Seventeenth regulars encoun- |
terec the trenches at long range. When j
a third of a mile away they were or- '
dered to charge and advanced at the ;
doub_e-,c__-_k oyer the rice fields, the
guns posted on the railway.
Simultaneously -with the advance of ';
the lowans and the Seventeenth In- i
fantry; the Ninth and Twelfth Infantry
moved forward upon the enemy, who ;
This gave possession of San Antonio i
: : the Americans. Our force was then
divided into two columns, shaped like;
the letter V. and moved north. A mile !
and a half out the line straightened,
lhe Thirty-sixth and Twelfth regiments
going to the nc-rthwest. The three '
*_-;.-. s following were stuck in the |
quicksands and a fourth disabled. .
There was a running fight along the ;
numerous trenches and over the usual
rough country. Our men advanced over
the fields, some of which were covered j
with thrt-e feet of muddy water.
The risrht advanced slowly. Lieuten- I
ant England's guns of the Third Artil- j
I-ry being the pivot. There was ____t- :
ing along the whole route, but the en- j
emy*s resistance was not strong- at any
point. ihe Filipinos gradually fell;
back to Calulut. on the railway, from
which they were subsequently driven.
retreating to Angeles, some miles to the '•
r.<"rth.
Meanwhile part of the American
force had moved farther to the west of
the railroad and advanced against the
town of Porac, which lies five- miles due
west of Calulut- Some hours prior to
the capture of Calulut the Seventeenth
Infantry engaged a large force of the !
fc.my-wlio were moving toward ilex- ;
ico, and also encountered the main
body, which was moving northeast, an- '
parently with the intention of reachintr
Angeles. Mexico was bombarded and
some loss indicted on the rebels.
During the afternoon a company of '
the Seventeenth Infantry was sent back
to aid Colonel Bell's wounded, who
■were being harassed by Filipinos skulk- i
ing in the rear.
No reports have been received of the
casualties sustained by the Twelfth and ;
Thirty-sixth regiments, but the losses
of the other commands were nine I
MEN CURED.
DHL MrTTERS 4 CO. are the most reliable
s j_ j solans because the- are the most »access-
»uL T_W are tie m-.st successful for the
reason that they are the most ski .led ar.d ex-
ce-iersced. TTrey have been curing diseases and
weakness cf mer. for more than eighteen yetrs,
an'. 1 have the largest aad best equipped t-tetU-
tjtttttntian ar.d the most extensive practice
{"_ _L__ert-_u They never use injurious remedies.
____.
• f-^fl j %^9^ ) !*f*F
NO PAY TILL CURED.
Fa"ents can arrange to pa- wtten they are
weil cr may pay io. monthly In ■rattmr-ta
Consultation and private book fa- men free.
HOME CURES A SPECIALTY.
I- v<-" cannot call write for free advice,
__________ r._. _•»-___. and other particulars.
¥____S£u&S_3 £3£nr with,ut seeing
__* doctors. AH
ii.-ate r ' 2 n__fe of £_5-££- ■£ '**""*"
DR. METERS & CO.,
73. MA~KET ST., S. F.
E'-evatcr entrance. Hours, i to 5 daily: Ito
* •tc____ocs; J to II Sunday-
HURRICANE DEVASTATES SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. CITY STRUCK BY HURRICANE.
CAVALRY BARRACKS AND
STOREHOUSES ARE SWEPT
CLEAN OUT OF EXISTENCE
\ A /ASHIXGTOX. Aug. 9
V V — Meager details of the
— __e-_^er
West Indian cyclone be
gan to reach the Navy and War
departments late this afternoon
in the shape of the following mes
- § -
SAX JUAN BE PORTO RICO.
...
killed and twenty-nine wounded, in
cluding three officers. The losses of
the enemy were heavier.
To-night our lines are established
three I miles from Angeles, which is
about ten miles northwest of San Fer
nando, and an attack upon Angeles will
be made to-morrow.
Angeles far surpasses San Fernando
----- - _-_--;
as a baa of operations, and the town
contains the stores of the rebels^ The
capture of that place will bre__K the
communication of the Filipinos with
■
To-day's movement had been planned
for some time, but was delayed by
rains. Finally two days of sunshine
dried the rice fields sufficiently to per
mit the attempt. The American po
sition had long been unpleasant. The
rebel army surrounded San Fernando
and fired nightly into it. the Americans
not replying except ozi extreme provo
cation. It was necessary to keep 500
or 600 men on outpost duty constantly.
Captain Deems, with a provost guard,
last night captured a noted Filipino
faker with ' several aliases, who, by
means of ventriloquism, had persuaded
the natives that he had supernatural
powers. He raised much money, os
tensibly for the insurrection, which he
kept for himself. Our soldiers sur
rounded his house and corralled thirty
Filipinos. Many others escaped. The
troops also captured $1000. Immanuei.
as the ------ known, has
been predicting the fail of Manila. His
prophecies have created excitement
among the natives, who believed them.
Reports from native sources say 150
Filipinos were killed in General Hairs
engagement at Calamba and in the
subsequent skirmishes.
The steamer Satumus of the Compa
nia Maritima. coasting under the Am
erican Bag. was discovered on August
2 by the United States gunboat Pam
panga beached at San Fernando under
the insur-irent trenches there. The
steamer was boarded by an armed
boat's crew and the passengers were
taken off. The cargo, consisting ;of
general merchandise and $100.00"} in spe
cie had been sacked. Several-tittemnts
to" tow the Satumus off were unsuc
cessful. The Pampanga then left San
Fernando in search of further assist
ance, whereupon the insurgents re
turned and set fire to the vessel.
The United States gunboat Yorktown
ar _.;.-__,-j ___-T-e yesterday after bombard
ing ISan. Fernando- The Satumus. she
reported, was still smoldering and the
steamer was a total wreck.
Father __cKii_no_. s Reception.
S_*lSrN. Aug. 3. -The Red Cross Socl
etv of Suisun will meet on Friday after
noon -to complete final arrangements to
tender a reception to Father W. D. Mc-
Kinnon. chaplain of the First California
Volunteers, on bis return from Manila.
Father McKinnon was pastor of St.
Alphocsns' Church of Suisun for two
ye__rs and was extremely popular in this
vicinity. The reception will be an elab
orate one In which visitors from neigh
boring town will participate.
CANAL COMMISSIONERS
ARRIVE AT MANAGUA
MANAOUA. Nicaragua, Aug. 3.—Tele
grams from Grey town report the arrival
th«»re of fourteen members of the United
States Canal Commission and forty more
are expected in a few days to restudy the
proposed canal routes across Nicaragua.
Ail are reported to be in good h*H_lt_.
The Nicaragua Congress continues in
session.
Centenarian Dead.
PASADENA. Aug. s.— Mrs. Harriet
Todd Hait died last nizht at the home
of her granddaughter. Mrs, R. XV. Prid
ham. at the age of 59 years, 10 months and
13 days. Mrs. Hait was a pioneer in
Southern California and a friend of many
of the leadinsr families. She retained ail
her faculties unimpaired, except eyesight.
up to the last. Her last wish on being
•tricken with pneumonia was that she
might live a few week- longer In order
to finish her century.
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT.
AUCTION SALE TO-DAY for
boxes and the choice seats at
the Orpheum at high noon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 10. 1399.
... - 9.— Adjutant General. Wash
:-—:-: Terrible ____.—. :a-_.e, cavalry
barracks destroyed: storehouses and
ether buildings damaged; iron roof
ing and Lumber required. CLE_L
SAX JUAN DE PORTO RICO.
Aug. 9. — Signal OScer. "__-:: _
Cyclone just passing over island:
prostrated telegraph and telephone
lines; several killed; mv quarters
wrecked and signal barracks partially
demolished. Many other public
IGNORE THE
UTTERANCES
OF ST. JOHN
Washington Officials to Let
the Incident Pass Un
noticed.
MIXED AS!) FACTS!
— • —
ft Is Charged the English Meat
Did Not Know What He
Was Talking About.
— * —
=;— Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS, "--EL- '
LINGTON HOTEL. Aug. s.— No official I
notice will be taken of the criticisms of
General Oti3 and his conduct of the j
Philippine campaign by Lieutenant
Commander P. S. St. John of the Brit- •
ish Royal Navy. As none of the offi- j
cials of the British Embassy are in ;
Washington, it is impossible to obtain I
an expression of opinion from that
source, but diplomats and American
naval officers agree that Lieutenant
Commander St. John has been very tn
discreet and It would not be surprising !
if. should the matter come to the at- I
tention of the British Admiralty, he I
were called upon for an explanation.
Such action, if taken, will be purely
voluntary, as it was stated by the offi- l
cials to-day that they had no intention
of making a diplomatic incident of j
some indiscreet and incorrect state
ments of a foreign officer.
As an indication of tenant Com
mander St. John's ignorance of facts, j
officials of the War Department point
out that instead of "500 1> brave and
courageous fellows" being sacrificed by j
General Otis' incompetency, the mortal- j
Ity returns show that less than 1000 i
have lost their lives in the Philippines, j
The authorities are inclined to believe
that the rest of Lieutenant Commander |
St. John's assertions are on a par with j
that regarding the number of deaths
that have occurred.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 3.—Com
mander Percy Stuart St. John, -who
yesterday gave such a negative tribute
to General Otis, left for Vancouver this
morning on the Empress and is now
speeding across the continent on the
imperial limited train. He was on this
coast ten years ago on H. il. S Cor
morant, being in command cf that ves
sel when she opened the Esquimau
drydock. A naval oScer here said St.
John always had a habit of talking too
freely. He left the Cormorant, which
is now a coal hulk at Gibraltar, and
spent some years on service in the
Mediterranean, and in IS9<5 was dis
patched to the China station with H.
il. S. Peacock- He was sent to Wei-
Hai-Wei for a time and then returned
to the Peacock, on which he went to
Manila, whence he was invalided home.
He was stricken by sunstroke at Ma
nila and for a time was in a precarious
condition- He has now recovered, how
ever, and is on his way home to Eng
land. ____________________
Priest's Memory Honored.
HAYTVARDS. Aug. -Her. Father I
Lally -Kill on Saturday morning celebrate
a requiem mass for the repose of the j
soul of the late Father McEvoy. whose i
recent death brought to a close a beau- !
tiful life. The mass will be celebrated t
at All Saints Church, commencing at 3 j
o'clock. In his sermon on Sunday even- !
Ing Father Lally paid a touching tribute !
to the worth of the departed priests He !
spoke of the faithfulness with which
Father McEvoy labored among his people i
for twenty years, of the noble, true and I
virtuous life he led and the spotless name I
he bore to the grave. Father _Ic_. .. * !
building. likewise. trees cf na
tive houses destroyed. Center and
south, probably tared •wcrse.
GLASSTORD.
The Xavv Department late
this afternoon received a cable
gram from Captain Snow, in
command of the naval station in
San Juan, announcing that the
hurricane had destroyed about
&2000 worth of property at the
station" there.
PUERTO PLATA. Aug. 9.—
A hurricane has swept the north
coast since last night and in
creases in .violence. Shipping in
the port is in peril, but up to this
hour no vessel has been damaged.
The destruction on land will
probahlv be considerable.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. L. Aug.
death is deeoly mourned, and the memory
of him will linger long with the people of
his parish.
BOATS ARE PLYING
ON MANILA STREETS
Recent Ra:r.s Have Converted the
Philippine Capital Into an Im
mense Pond.
] VANCOUVER, 3. C, 'Aug. s.— Manila
advice 3 received on the steamship Em
press of Japan say that typhoons and
rains have turned the city — wet enough
at the best of times — into an _ran___K_
pond, with gutters over a foot deep in
muddy water. Sampaloc district was
completely fiobded. so that the people
were forced into the upper stories of the
houses. The local police. barracks were
surrounded by water, and soldiers stood
guard and carried on patrol duty in two
feet of running water. Hundreds of
creeks that intersect the city overflowed
their baniis and boats were seen on a
dozen streets.
Admiral Watson had a narrow escape;
on the Pasix River. His launch was about
to pass under the Puenta Espana when
the roaring current caught it up and
jammed it broadside into a stont pier,
breaking the funnel and tearing off the
gunwale.
The dreaded beri beri. that has In form
er years created such havoc among the
Filipinos, has made its appearance in :
Biiibid prison.
Much _.---- heard in Manila be- ,'
cause American silver is not received at j
the Custom-house, nor is American sold
or bank notes. The existing Custom- !
house regulations require that all cus- '
toms shali be paid in Philipnine currency.
This leaves no «ptlon for officials, because
as long as there is a change or Sect— a- '
tion in the relative values of s.lii and i
silver, any otficial who accepts payment ■
in any unauthorized currency is liable to
be called upon to pay the di-ferem-e. out ■■
of his own pocket. ;-
The Pcstofl on the other hand, will \
not accept currency, which is compulsory ■
at the Custom-house, unless the stamp
buyer is willing to be penalized heavily.
Manila papers say the situation thus
caused is "most anomalous, ridiculous and
Intolerable, and the regulations must b^
modified "
In connection with the arrival of United
States Senator Beveridge from ilanila It
is said that Mrs. Bevertd_re, who accom
panied her husband, had the distinction of
nriner five shots at the Filipinos. While
the Senator was on the firing' line one
day she went for a drive, escorted by a
squad cf Tennessee soldiers. ..She ven
tured too far and soon rebel bullets were
falling about her carria_.e. A hasty re
treat was begun. Mrs. Beveridge drew her
revotver, which she had carried since ar
riving at " _____ and fired five shots in
the direction of the rebels, who could be
seen skulking in the distance.
PIRATES CAPTURE
A BRITISH CARGO
VANCOUVER. B. C-, Aug. 9.— The Em
press of Japan brings news that a Brit
ish cargo .cat on the Canton River was
boarded by pirates, who carried away
cargo worth J7300.
The commander cf the Sandpiper, an
admiralty launch built last year at Hong
kong for the protection of trade on the
river, steamed after the pirates, who suc
ceeded, however, in landing their roods
near a village called Kamchut. The com
mander of the Sandpiper asked that the
pirates be delivered to him and the goods
restored.
No satisfaction was given to him and
he shelled the place, which was entirely
destroyed. ...':._-"X
Killed in a Wreck.
OTTAWA. Ont.. Ang. 3.— The Ottawa j
express, which left Montreal at 9:"0 this {
morning for this city on the Canadian [
Atlantic railroad, was wrecked near Co- '
teau Junction while running at a fast i
rate. Seven people were killed. Tne dead I
are: Georsre McQuaig. Ottawa, fireman: i
Wilson O'Connor. Ottawa: Edward j
Starrs. Ottawa: Miss Ryan. Mani^ri_yka. I
Quetwc: Joseph -Rochelon. Mrs. Rojheior. . _
and Miss Rochelon. Montreal. A number
were injured, but none of them seriously, i
A Chinese Volunteer.
SANTA ANA Aug. 9.— James Craig f
Tow. a native of California, born of Chi- f
nese pirents, to-day enlisted in the ser
vice of the United States for duty In the
Philippines with the Thirty-fifth Volun
teer Regiment Tow has lived all his
life in California and was educated in |
th* public schools of the State. Before
entering the service he parted with his j
queue. m
-■■■.. ■-..
Emperor William Assents.
. BERLIN. Aug- Emperor "William, it ,
: « said, has decided to assent to the reso- [ ,
luticns of the peace conference. " [;
IT IS REPORTED THAT
MANY LIVES HAVE BEEN
LOST ON THE ISLAND
9- — Later advices ft m £t. Kitts
said that on Monday afternoon a
very severe hurricane with a ve
locity of seventy-two miles de
stroyed about 200 small houses
in the towns and did consider
able damag-e to the states Xo
injuries are reported.
Antigua also suffered severely
... damage to estates and build
NEGRO KILLED
BY MASKED MEN
Lawlessness Breaks Out
in Louisiana.
— • —
WARNING TO .MILL-OWNERS
— • —
NOnriZD TO DISCHARGE THEIR
COLORED HELP.
»
The Whole Parish of Tangipahoa Is
Excited ---_:-:_ Feared That
More Blood Will Be
Shed.
•
Sreclstl Dispatch to The Call.
•YEW ORLEANS. Aug. S.— After sev
___.!□ ' of quiet lawlessness has
again broken out in Tangipahoa parish, in
.... have been ... and
_--.--■ tban in all the balance of
the State combined. A special from
Amite City, the parish seat, saysi
Adolphus. alias Echo Brown, colored,
was snot and killed last night, and Edgar
and Edward Barr severely flogged by a
gang of armed men. Just as the clock
struck 12 a body of twenty-five or thirty
armed and masked men rode quietly up j
to the house of Loup Brown, colored, on j
the edsre of town. Ten of the mob, armed j
with shotguns and pistols, entered the j
house and found Echo Brown and Edgar j
Barr in bed. They told them to get up.
and throwing sacks over their heads
dragged them out.
As soon as they got out into che road
Echo made l break for liberty. bu r _ had
only gone a little way when several guns
were leveled at him a_nd the coatents
poured into his back with fatal results.
After killing Brown, the mob went over
to the Barr house and got Edward Bui
and took him and Edgar about a quarter
of a mile from town, where they wer. se
verely flogged. When the work w__. fin
ished they mounted their hcrses and rode
CC. An Inquest was held this rnormng on
the body of Echo Brown. A jury was
impanelei and the usual \'erdict in cases .
of this kind was returned.
News from Kentwood in the same par- I
ish states that at about '. o'clock last
nisrht twenty or thirty pistol shots were
heard in the direction of the Amos Kent
Lumber and Brick Company's plant-?, cne
cf the largest sawmills in the South.
This morning it was learned that a
party of white men had ------
ing at the negro settlement immediately
adjoining the mill property for the pur
pose of intimidating negroes- Several
notices were found posted about the
works advising the management that
negroes could not work at the sawmill,
on the dummy train nor at the planing
mill, but very generously permitting them
to continue negroes in the brickyard
work without molestation. As there has
never been any trouble ax the plant in :
regard to the working of --stt was
somewhat of a surprise. There are many
employes at the plant, both whites and
blacks, that have worked there contin
uously for more than twenty years. If
the warning is not heeded it Is feared
that blood will flow.
WILL NOT ACCEPT THE
TIBURON BOULEVARD
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 9.— The Board of
Supervisors of Marin County, in the
language of Supervisor Mason. Is "up
against It-" The mist of scandal which
has hung around that body owing to Its
failure to make a proper tax levy, and its
oiiegted extravagance in many ways, with
the result that the county general and the
hospital and poor farm funds are so sadly
depleted that nothing hut the salaries of
county officials can be paid until the lat
ter part of December.' thickened into
_ atari cloud to-day, when County Sur
veyor Georg-e L. Richardson absolutely
md unconditionally refused to make the
proper certification required by law Ln or
der that the three sections of the Tib
uron boulevard, recently completed by
the Buckman Contracting Company, may
be accepted.
The stand taken by Richardson can in
the nature of the . explosion of a. bomb
she.'-, and for several moments after the
County Surveyor had delivered his ulti
matum consternation reigned. Chairman
Barr si. : _______ - -nd^ and finally mana_t=d
_
| ings in the towns. There were
I few fatalities.
Later reports from St. Croix
| increase the amount of damage
i done there. Nearly every estate
(has been wrecked, the large
; buildings in the towns have been
! unroofed, stock has been, killed.
| and a minimum of eleven deaths
j has occurred amonsr the laborers.
to gasp: "Why. I thought it was settled
that after - --i minor alterations had
been made the^work was to be accepted.
X\ as that not so?" — appealing to the
other members as a body. All signified
that they so understood.
"Who understood it that way?" ask-.!
Richardson, ■_.-■--- "Do you
mean that was the way the board under
stood it?" He was answered in the af
firmative, and replied: "The reason of
this misunderstanding is that 1 have been
persistently ignored in this matter. The
iaw^ requires that I shall certify to the
work being completed in accordance with
specifications, and shall recommend that
lt ° c accepted. This work is not done
well. The three sections are 7000 feet in
length, and for 1000 feet the embankments
have been made so badly that *he road
will wash out at the first freshet. I can
not either certify to the work being done
web or honestly recommend its accept
ance."
these words Richardson left the
room. After a short consultation a mes
senger was hurried out to find District
Attorney Mclsaac. That official was then
questioned as to the rights of the board
and it was informed that the law in the
matter was very strict. If the County
surveyor refused to srtve a certificate and
his recommendation the work could not
be accepted.
"Well." remarked Supervisor Mason.
' I guess we are up against it."
"That beir.z true." srraveiy added su
pervisor JH~sr. "we might as well ad
journ." -"--■-■-- to adjourn, but
discussed the situation informally for
over an hour afterward. Durinz it* two
sessions of yesterday and to-day the Su
pervisors have put the county to an -x
pense of over JSO. each member drawinsr
town IB a day and mileage, while noth
iaz at all has been accomplished at either
session. _ This in spite of the fact that
-.heru-. Taylors bills. ag_rregatin_r le«s
than CO for the care of prisoners i in the
County Jail, which the taw makes ob
ligatory, were not paid, owing to the op
position cf Chairman Barr.
THE SITS" BOYCOTTED.
NEW YORK. Aug, 3 --._---.-
Union No. -' to-night issued a statement
regarding its trouble with the Son. It
is signed by John H. Delaney, president
of Typographical Union No. 5. and by
John F. ----- --_-; - of Stereo
typers' Union No. 1. -'--■-. by
the Allied Printing Trades Council of
Greater New York.
The building trades section of the
Central Federated Union to-night made
arrangements for requesting all mem
bers of that organi__atlon not to buy
the -tan also asking tbe_ not to pur
chase other newspapers from any deal
er or newsboy who handles the Sun.
The building trades section of the
Central Federated Union to-night, it is
said, ordered all organizations having
men in the Sun office to withdraw
them.
The State Federation of Labor.
through its executive officers.^ has sent
to President Delaney a telegram ten
dering- financial support to the union.
Hurderer and Victim Buried.
NEVADA, Aug. 9.— The bodies of the
suicide. Charles Moreno, and Mrs. Lillian
May Ritey. whom he murdered "yester
day at Rocky Bar. were brought to this
city and buried to-day in the potter's field
of Pine Grove Cemetery. John C. How
ard and wife, who are working In the
orchards around Healdsburg. are Mrs.
Riley's parents and have with them her
two children.
VARICOCELE.
*• "Fl The grandest remedy on earth
-~__^- 4 for -.. awful treacherous weak-
■■H >*^' — s ~**""^ — - ** ness is ELECTRICITY. I have
~T<^ * A- —-—■**** *^ made a success of treating this
//. '___\ complaint with my new method of applying
Ct\ 4 __\t\ Electricity to the parts while the patient sleeps.
I { _jk - x _W'\ Jt never fails. Ten thousand cures in the past
— * - .. W I five years is my record. No drugs, no knife —
SKw^i3S_i^_\^_ I simply the life-giving current scientifically ""■**"
~%IJNi' #_.'•'_* vSJireC^ \ 1 plied according to my special method.
Are you afflicted? If so, as you value your
future health, cure it now. You can sec that It
is destructive to vitality. My method is safe, certain and permanent.
Cases of 23 years* standing cured in three months. If you can't call,
write for my book with full information.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, sKS^"*^**"
Office Hour*- 1 3. ~. v . 30 -. =.; Sundays. Mat- NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES.
SIB ERIAN
RAILROAD IS
A FAILURE
The Spring Thaw Showed
the New Track to Be Al
most Useless.
WILL BeIbAHDQNEB
— * —
Traveling Over the Line Is Almost
Unbearable Owing to the Un
ceasing Jolting and Jarring.
• — T
-tow Dispatch to n* CalL
van t_r, b. c Aug. 3.— ■-!>.
tain Vashiro, a naval attache of •- *
Japanese Legation it St. Petersburg,
thinks Russia will eventually abandon
"--"'" - -Siberian railroad. At a ban
quet in Tokio recently he said the
greater part of the Siberian railway
was imperfect in construction and It
would hardly be possible to utilize it
for war purposes.
Siberia suffered from severe cold
weather for more than half the year,
yet the work of construction was hur
riedly pushed forward when the ground
was frozen. vVhen warm weather came
ln the spring the ground thawed and
gaps were made in the line. At some
places the joints of the rails were
-
Traveling in a train on the railway
even for a short distance was almost
unbearable owing to the vibration, and
so great was the jolting and jarring of
the train that one might imagine one
self to be at sea in a storm. It would
be entirely impossible, he thought, to
transport any large quantity of troops
by this line. Any one who had traveled
in a train on the Siberian railway
would, he believed, acknowledge that
the time must certainly come when
Russia would be wearied of the ________
culties of the task undertaken and
would abandon the - "--.-__-.
GIRL-WIFE WOULD GO
TO THE PHILIPPINES
; Hid Herself in the Train and Was
. Pound at the Last Mo
ment.
FORT SHERIDAN*. H1.,- Aug. 3.—Ro
| rnance blossoms in the footsteps of the
[ soldier. This was demonstrated this
morning when Troop L Third Cavalry,
was embarking at the Northwestern
siding for the Philippines. When
"boots and saddles" had sounded and
I the troop, fully accoutered. was march
-1 ing to the station, Mrs. T. EL "Wetzel.
j a small, pleasant-faced woman, dressed
• in black, approached Post Commander
] Captain Thorpe and with tear-wet
j cheeks pleaded with him to prevent her
j daughter from going away with the
j soldiers.
"We live in Chicago.** she said. "My
j daughter would become an actress in
; spite _;_.-. 1 could say. She has been
\ playing at Fort Sheridan Park for twe
I weeks past, under the name of Enid
I Tell, and while here she met Corporal
! ileAndrews of the cavalry- They have
| fallen In love and- have been married.
j She told me last night that she was
I going to the Philippines with him and
; 1 am sure she is on the train. She is
■ not yet fifteen years oid. just a child.
• and does not realize what she ls doing."
Captain Thorpe told her there was
i no possibility of the young wife's going
! on the train, as the offi cials would not
> allow it. To satisfy the mother the
: train was searched, but the girl was
; not found either in or under the seats.
I The mother was not satisfied and ap
! pealed to Stat Agent John J. Con
| don. and he. together with Conductor
| Simmons, made another investigation.
! but the girt could not be found. The
j baggage train was gone through twice.
; andjust as the last car was belns
! closed the conductor heard a movement
' among the saddles. On closer investi
i gation the girl was found. She was
: turned over to the police.
FRIE-SDLY REPUBLICS.
: Brazil and Argentine Have Settled
All Differences.
: Special C_ble to The Call and the New Tort
Herald. Copyrishteti. __-_», by Ja — _t\ Gor
- don. B«:_et_
RIO DE JANEIRO. Aug. 9.— At a ban
j quet given last night in honor of Presi
i dent Roea of Argentina. Campos Salles
lof Brazil toasted Argentina. President
' Roea in replying alluded to the wax with
■ Parazuav. wherein Argentinians and
; Brazilians fousrht side by side.
"Durins: my first presidency." he cm
-1 tinued. "T signed the preliminary treaty
i which put an end to our old differences.
' Now I am called upon to preside a-, the
': frontier delimitations work- **"* giadly
! accepted the decision of - -_ arbitrator.
r winning by it more than a piece of : --
I ritory — the friendship of the Brazilian na-»
CHICO NORMAL SCHOOL, »
Dr. C. C. Van Liew of Los Angeles
Elected President-
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 3.— Dr. C. C. Van
Liew of this city has been elected presi
dent of the State Normal School at Chico.
For two years he has occupied the chair
of psychology and pedagogy and superin
tendent of the training school in the Loa"
Angeles State Normal School. -. -
Before coming to Los Angeles he held
a normal school position in Illinois for
three and a half years. He received his
early education at the colleges of Letpsic
and Jena and graduated with a degree
from the latter school. In addition he has
traveled widely on the continent. The
position left vacant In the Normal School
here has not been yet been filled.
Will Lose His Foot.
SEATTLE. Aug. 9.— J. S. Miller, chief
ensrineer of the Orizaba, while at Vic
toria met with an accident by which ha
will lose his foot. Miller has ■_ family la
San Francisco.
34
50OOOOOOOO0OGOOO00O0OOO0OO0 9
% Neck and Neck for Eastern Pennant* 0
d Exciting: Racing at Saratoga. ®
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooc
FINISHES FIVE
MILES IN FRONT
OF DEFENDER
The Columbia Loses
Her Rival.
— —
HAS LUCK IN HER FAVOR
— » —
Wins by Over Twenty-Two Minutes,
But Her Antagonist Encoun
tered a Series of
Calms.
S..ev:a! Dispatch to The Call. .
NEWPORT, R. L, Aug. 9.— The New-
York Yacht Club's; cruise from .'ard
iners Bay to this port to-day, a dis
tance of forty-three miles, was full of
interesting brushes. While the yachts
ran the last half of the forty-three
miles in a constantly increasing south
west breeze the flrsi half of the day
was flukey.
It is no disparagement to the Colum
bia to say that her defeat of the De
fender of over twenty-two minutes was
due more to the bad judgment and hard
hick of tin- latter boat, which left her
in a soft spot, than to actual superior
ity; still the new boat showed herself
very able in a broad reach with a con
stantly increasing breeze, and it is not
too much to say that she made an aver
age of fully thirteen knots in the run
along shore from Watch Hill to Point
Juiiith. so rapidly dropping the De
fender that when the jibed around the
whistling buoy of Point Judith her
rival was bull down to the westward,
over five miles astern. On the run up
from Point Judith, dead before the
wind, the Columbia gained a minute
or two more, so that nt the finish the
old defender had received the worst
beating in her history.
There was never a moment during the
day when there was not wind enough
to 'fill the sails, while the last fifteen
miles were sailed in a grand breeze
from the southeast that gave each boat
a great move. The day itself was per
fect, for the sky was cloudless and the
air was full of. vigor. A huge fleet of
steam yachts" watched the sailing craft
start and accompanied them over the
most of the course, and all Newport
saw the finish at Brentons Reef light
ship, the cup defender of 18P3, the Vigi
lant, leading the fleet over the line
after a warm contest with the schooner
Colonia of fifteen miles or more. At
the finish there was fifty-five seconds
between the beats, but as the Vigilant
started six minutes ahead th- Colonia
beat her easily on the run, although, of
course, the boats sailed in dilferent
classes.
The yachts started at 10:30 in a fairly
strong westerly breeze, all breaking
out spinnakers on crossing the line.
Then six or seven miles were quickly
sailed, but a half hour after the start
th.- wind began to slacken and soon
some ere almost becalmed. All dur
ing the soft spell of two hours the
Columbia seemed to be especially fa
vored, for she carried a breeze right
through and gained rapidly on the De
fender. The latter, too, made a mis
take in getting too near the Fisher
Island shore, bo that when the wind
did come around the Columbia caught
it a half- hour ahead. It was at this
time, as the boats passed the entrance
to Fisher Island Sound, that the Colum
bia made the great gain that gave her
such a lead. From Watch Hill to Point
Judith she fairly flew over the water,
with her boom well off to port and her
big balloon jib topsail drawing like a
steam engine. All the boats went well
on this reach along shore, and. looking
back, every yacht seemed fairly buried
in canvas. The homestretch of seven
miles from Point Judith to Brentons
Reef lightship was made dead before
the wind in a freshening breeze, and
the way the boats jumped along was a
caution.
The day was a grand one from 4:15
o'clock on. At that time the Defender
took in her spinnaker, the Columbia
soon following suit. Away ahead, more
than five miles in the lead, were the
Vigilant and the Colonia. The sloop
and schooner were making the hottest
fight of their career for the honor of
finishing first. For several miles they
Bailed close together, beam to beam.
Both rounded the whistling buoy off
Point Judith at 3:34, leading the fleet.
The Arctic came next at 3:43, the Co
lumbia sweeping grandly around the
buoy at 3:48:30, and the Navahoe at the
same time. The Columbia could not
overhaul and pass the Vigilant in the
seven minutes' run to the finish. Even
the Colonia was unable to do it. The
latter yacht jibed to starboard off
Narragansett and dropped astern just
a3 they both passed the old cup de
fender, Volunteer, which, with Hank
Haff at the wheel, had come out to
meet the fleet.
Smartly the crew of the Vigilant took
in her spinnaker just before reaching
the lightship. Then they Jibed her,
and like an arrow she shot across the
Colonia's bow. She crossed the finish
line just fifty-five seconds ahead of the
schooner and finished first of the fleet.
The Columbia swept across the finish
line at 4:24:20, taking in her spinnakers
a few seconds before reaching it. She
was just twenty-one minutes and three
seconds ahead of the Defender. Ac
cording to the official figures the Co
lumbia won by twenty-two minutes
and twenty-five seconds.
jgejf p\_J K T yflrttz g>_ro
''W^^^tfertZZ^SSJi- OPO ***£_-*_§§_
i^
IN CASES.
Of perfect and reliable purity, unequaled for
medicinal and table use. and guaran-
teed by shippers.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
Sola Agent*. (14 Sacramento Streat, 8. F.
■ i
The Sporting World.
BROOKLYN AND
BOSTON SHE NOW
NECK AND NECK
Reds Again Outplay
the Leaders.
_■ 4 .
SIX PITCHERS USED UP
I Bean-Eaters Win From the Bear
Guard and Are Almost on
Even Terms With the
Supsrbas.
«
Special 1 1- -•■-. ■> . to The Call,
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING,
Cl_hG- v. i.. IV t. clubs XV- L. Pet.
Brooklyn .--« aS3 .645 Cincinnati ..51 *■' -543
Boston G* "» . 639 i Pittsburg .48 47 .505
Philadelphia 57 3S .6ml Louisville ...41 52 .441
Baltimore .-.55 39 .596|New Y0rk.. .37 59 .3...
Chicago 53 42 ..V.3 Washington 35 63 .3CI
St. Louis '.: 43 .K-2|Clcyelaiy. .li 80 .175
BROOKLYN, Aug. 9. To-day's game
was a slugging match in which six pitch
ers were used upj the score twice tied
and then Brooklyn secured what appeared
to be a safe lead by a nice batting rally
in the sixth. With two nut in the eighth,
Anderson failed to get an easy foul fly
by Pelts. The latter singled and Done
van went up in the air. the visitors scor
ing seven runs before they were retired.
The Brooklyns made a stiff bid to over
come this lead but failed, although they
forced Hahn out of the box. Phillips suc
ceeded him In the ninth and saved the
day fcr Cincinnati. Attendance, 22i»0.
Score:
Clubs- . R- H. E.
Cincinnati 14 15 3
Brooklyn 13 12 2
Batteries— Hawley Hahn, Phillips and Peltz;
Y'agor, Donovan, Kennedy and McGuire. Um
pires—Gaffney and Latham.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. ..-To-day's, game
was a most remarkable one. When Pittsburg
went to bat in the ninth inning the score was
S to 6 in Philadelphia's favor. With three men
on bases. Mi-g^e made a wild ':•■•.■ of Dono
van's bunt, sending three runners across the
piate. Orth was substituted, and before the
fast man was out Pittsburg scored four more
runs. In the Phillies' half an error by Bower
man and consecutive hitting gave the locals
six runs and the game. Attendance, -196.
Score:
clubs— R. H. ...
Pittsburg 13 16 3
Philadelphia 14 21 3
Batteries— and Schriver; Magee,
Orth and Douglass. Umpires— Emslie and Mc-
Donald.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 9.— St. Louis won an ex
citing game from the Orioles to-day. Young
was in fine form, and but for errors by the
men back of him, the Birds would not have
been in the game. Attendance, 3036. Score.
Clubs- R- ii E.
St. Louis 6 10 3
Baltimore » 9 -
• Batteries— Young and Schrecongoat; McGln
nity and Robinson. Umpires— O' Day and Hunt.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— The Chicago play
ers had no difficulty In walking away with the
same to-day, as the Senators, although they
hit hard, exhibited incompetent work on the
bases Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Washington 3 13 2
Chicago 6 11 1
Batteries— and Duncan; Roach and
Donahue. Umpires. Swartwood and Dwyer.
NEW YORK.. Aug. 9.— Louisville won* to-day
by bunching a triple, a d tuDte and two singles
in the first Inning. After that Seymour pitched
a steady game. : The locals were unable to do
much with Phllllppi's pitching until the eighth,
when two singles and a double gave them two
runs. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
New York 2 7 1
Louisville 4 10-1
Batteries Seymour and Warner; l'hillippi
and /-.immer. Umpires— Manassau and McGarr.
BOSTON, Aug. Cleveland started at Nich
ols fiercely to-day. scoring three ln the first,
but after that they were unable to bat him
with any effect. Boston batted Knepper hard
when hits were needed. Coliflower replaced
Hemphill at right in the third inning. Attend
a nee, 1500. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Boston 7 10 2
Cleveland 3 9 3
Batteries — Nichols and Bergen; Knepper and
McAllister. Umpires -Lynch and Connolly.
GEORGE CARNEY WINS.
Venus 11, the California Mare, Beat- i
en by a Bad Start.
BUFFALO. N. V . Aug. 9.— The biggest
crowd of the Grand Circuit meeting as
sembled at the Fort Erie track this after
noon, about 5000 spectators being present.
When the unfinished 2:20 trot was called,
iirst en the card, Lockwood, the trainer
of George Carney, who had won two heats
on Tuesday and protested against post
ponement, later driving a heat by himself
and claiming the race, decided to contest
with the others, contemplating an appeal
to the beard of review if he failed to win.
The judges said they would expel him If
he did not show up and ignored the soli
tary heat business of Tuesday evening.
In the pooling there was some uncer
tainty owing to the peculiar conditions,
but Carney sold favorite. After Carney
had been beaten in a close finish by Ve
nus II in the opening heat Starter Walker
was compelled to send the bad acting Ve
nus away to a bad break in the final heat.
With nothing in the way Carney stepped
off handily and closed the Incident.
The Abbot added the free for all to his
list handily. Eagle Flanagan having
enough to do to take care of the place.
There was a spirited fight for the money
between Dare Devil, from the Village
farm, and Gayton in the 2:10 trot. It
looked like Gayton ln the final, but a
break In his gear tangled him up and in
a terrific drive Geers came up with the
Devil. ' "" '- .'
There was nothing to the pace but
Hal B.
suits:
2:20 class—Trotters, $1200 (three heats on
Tuesday), George Carney won second, third
and fifth heats. Time— 2:15%, 2:14%, 13%.
Venus II won first and fourth heats .md was
second. Time— 2:12%. Palm Leaf third.
Dorothy S, Leah S, Millard Saunders, Viola,
Nell Wynne and Sadie M also started.
2:10 trot— $1500; Dare Devil won second, third
and sixth heats. Time— 2:o9%, 2:10%. -.11 Gay
ton won fourth and fifth heats and was second.
Time — 2:1014, 2:11%. Caracalla won first heat
In 2:10% and was third. Bouncer, Oakland
Baron and Mattle Patterson also started
2:09 pace— s2ooo; Hal M won In straight heats.
Tim,- 2:07%, 2:08, 2:08% Nicol R second. Pass
ing Belle third. Exploit, Besse Leach, Hal
lena, Duplex and Ace also start, d.
Free-for-all trot— s2ooo: The Abbot won In
straight heats. Time— 2:oß, 2:09%; 2:10',.
Eagle Flanagan second. Blngen third. Direc
tum Kelly also started. »
Mitchell Anxious to Fight.
LONDON. Aug. 9.— William A. Brady
is experiencing considerable difficulty in
finding a hall suitable for the proposed
Jeffries-Mitchell boxing exhibition, the
Sporting Club being closed. Mitchell, who
has been training at Brighton, has had
several interviews with Brady and Jef
fries. He says he is anxious to meet the
American in his best form, if Brady can
secure a place.
Martin Continues to Win.
LONDON. Aug. 9.— At Kempton Park
the Sunbury handicap plate of 300 sov
ereigns was won by "Skeots" Martin, the
American Jockey, on Land Rail. Ulti
matum was second and Barnhourrle
third. Four horses ran.
Polo Representatives.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 9.— Ealand
and Stillwell of Banta Barbara, Maud and
Betner of Riverside, will represent South
ern-California in the match game of polo
with th* Burllngaina Club at Del Monte.
-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1899.
SPORTSMEN IN THE FIELD FOR BIG
GAME TO BE FOUND IN CALIFORNIA
Deer in Abundance
to Be Had if
Sought for.
GEORGE HOYLE.
STEEPLECHASE
AT SARATOGA
A HUGE FARCE
Horses and Riders
Tumble
—♦——
Special Dispatch to The call.
SARATOGA. Aug. 9. -The racing on the
Saratoga track was of the usual order.
As usual the jumping race drew a crowd
and furnished an example of Just what
man and beast can go through and come
out alive. Red Hackle started favorite,
Burnap second choice. Horseplay was
the first to go down, and as Brazil, his
jockey, seemed hurt, a stable boy mount
ed and started over the course. After
several falls he finished in time to get
third money. Wild Heather, of the same
stable, went down in the first road, and,
getting up, stepped on Brown, his Jockey,
injuring him quite badly. Red Hackle
and Burnap stumbled da over the full
course Burnap coming 'first .into the
stretch and beating Hackle out.
The bay colt Approval, 3 years old, was
sold by J. Madden to Frank E. Taylor
for $1500. Results:
Five and a half furlongs— Kilt won. Belle of
Troy second Jinks third Time, _:(*.
Five furlongs McMeekln won, Prestidigita
tor second, ..fay Jane third. Time, 1:01. _.
One mile— Sanders iron, Swlftmas second,
Buela third. Time. 1:4014.
One and a sixteenth miles- Blueaway _"■'""■
Meadow! second, Dan Rice third. Time.
Steeplechase, long- course— Burnap won. Red
Hackle second, Horseplay third. Time. 6:09%.
PT. LOUIS, Aug. 9. Frank Bell and The
Pride were the only winning favorites at the
fair grounds to-day. The track was a little
heavy. Results:
Selling one and three-sixteenth miles Hit
tick won. Pawnee second, Bert Davis third.
Time, 2:06. _ ._ ..
Selling mile and 70 yards— Rushflelds won.
Ram ' second, ; Montedonico third. Time,
1:5014
im- mile— Banish won. Goalrunner second.
Moralist third. Time. 1:43%.
Handicap six furlongs— Frank Bell won. Al
leviate second. Fireside third. Time. 1:15.
One mile— John Halsey won. Havlland sec
ond Duke of Melbourne thud Time, 1:4,%.
Belling, six and a half furlongs Pride
won, Tulla Fonso second, Loving Cup third.
Time. 1:22.
CHICAGO, Aug. Not a favorite won at
Hawthorne to-day. Only three have won in
three days of racing at Hawthorne. Results:
Five furlongs— St. Ivor Won, Martin Duke
second, Tlldy third. Time, I"2-,
Seven furlongs, selling-Defender II won.
Cynthia second, Lillian Reed third, lime,
-c Mx" furlongs— Richard .1 won. Bennevllle sec
ond, Algarretta third. Time. 1:1.'.
Mile selling Tony -.icaUl won, Lew Hop
per second Samivel third. Time 1:42%.
Mile and a quarter, selling— Plantain won,
Lord Zeni second. Gadsden third. Time .l2:oß%.
Mile selling— Tappan won. George H. Ketch
am second. McCleary third. Time. 1:42.
DETROIT, Aug. 9.— Results at Windsor to
day:' Weather clear, track fast.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Libation
won, Albert S second, Ruble third. Time,
ro.'i
Four and a half furlongs— Left Bower won.
Fulmlnator second. Talma third. Time :56%.
Mile and one-sixteenth— Faunette won, Per
clta second, imp. Devil's Dream third. Time.
_. __y.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Satira won,
Lucille second. Isnhlnda third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, selling— Gallant won, Tlo sec
ond, Vannessa third. Time, 1 «- _.
Mile -Can I See 'Em won, Cynthia H second,
Money Honing third. Time, 1:4214.
PARKER BESTS OTTS.
DENVER. Aug. 9.— Kid Parker of
Denver defeated Billy Otts of San Fran
cisco in the fifth round of what was to
have been a twenty-round bout before
the Olympic Athletic Club to-night,
therein- "winning the lightweight cham
pionship of the West. The fight was fast
and furious from the start and after the
second round was a continuous series of
mix-ups varied by Otts going to the floor,
taking the full limit each time. Parker's
superiority in in-fighting was clearly ap
parent, he landing on Otts with upper
cuts in every mix-up. ,____,
Otts made his best showing in the first
round and for a moment looked like a
winner, sending Parker to the floor twice,
slightly dazing him once. In the second
honors were about even, but afterward
Parker had things all his own way. He
knocked Otts down twice in the third,
four times in the fourth, the bell saving
Otts, and again four times in the fifth,
when Gus Ruhlin, who was acting as
Otts' chief second, reluctantly threw up
the sponge, it being apparent that his
man was too weak to continue.
Otts claims that his left hand was
broken in the second round, to which he
attributed his inability to administer pun
ishment. The result of the fight places
Parker in line for the lightweight cham
pionship of the world, and he will at once
issue a challenge to Frank Erne, the
present champion.
In the preliminaries Jim Coonen of
Denver and Spike Wallace of California
fought a ten-round draw..
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT
AUCTION SALE TO-DAY for
boxes and the choice seats at
the Orpheum at high noon.
0000000000 000000000000000000
1 Leashmen Form a Protective Association. ©
> Great Time Made by the Co!umb ; a. ©
nnaooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LLOYD EATON.
OF the many parties of sportsmen
which have left this city since the
deer season opened on the 15lh of
July, few have had success as that
headed by James Markland and Lloyd
Baton. They spent a fortnight on the
ranch of General James F. Smith, near
the boundary line of Sonoma and Mendo
cino counties, and secured all the game
they required for their camp. Mr. Eaton
photographed his companions 'in poses
classic and otherwise. The accompany
ing one of "Captain Jim Markland shows
him as he affirms he was in the habit of
stalking deer In Ireland. Attorney
George Hoyle of Cloverdale presents a
striking appearance with the deer sus
pended from his rifle.
CAPTAIN .TAME? MARKLAND.
NOTES OF THE
DIAMOND BY AN
OBSERVING FAN
Good and Bad Points
of the Players.
Schmeer is beginning to play ball In hi?
oldtime form and proving his right to
be considered the premier shortstop of
the league.
Courtney is a player whose praises are
not sung very loudly, but ne is Ueldlng
and hitting as well as any man in the
league
Hammond of Oakland seems to have
fallen down in his batting.
(.roll's catch in Sunday's game was
marvelous. If Dunleavy and Strelb were
put on either side of him, what a light
ning outfield they Would make.
Brockofl fattened his batting average
in the last Oakland series.
Morrow has caught every game nut one
played by Watsonvllle this season.
McCarthy tried his hand at pitching
Sunday morning and proved that he was
no novice in the box.
It is a long time since Whelan has
pitched a winning game.
Courtney plays in and out field with
equal ability.
The fans at Santa Cruz looked on Dal
rymple'a debut last Sunday with great
favor.
The Friscos had no license to lose
Sunday's game. Four errors in 'ho fifth
by Krug, O'Nell. Muller and Hilderbrand
without a hit oft Fitz gave the Santa
Cruz aggregation two runs and the game.
Pyne is regaining his batting eye and
Is hitting as well as any one on the Fris
co team.
Kleiber seems to be an especial favorite
with the Santa Cruz public.
Hilderbrand is inclined to be somewhat
of a grandstand catcher. It mars the ef
ficiency of his work. _.__,. „,
Pitcher Harvey is hitting the ball like
a demon Three and four each game is
not a had showing for a twirler.
O'Connor seems to be making his quota
of errors around the initial Dag.
Big Hill Lang,- is laid off by the Chi
cago's without pay until he gets in good
condition, This is rather a novelty for
Bill. '-.._
Donlin is getting up a team of California
players to tour the coast after the league
season is over. -.. :
In the Sporting Life of this week s is
sue appears an item stating that the St.
Louis club is seeking the services of Jim
my Sullivan for first base. When Man
ager Harris of , the local, team was asked
concerning this report he stated that he
had heard nothing regarding it. and vol
unteered the remark, while he would hate
to lose Sullivan, he would have no regret
if he bettered his condition. Regarding
Sullivan's ability, the St. Louis team
might go farther and fare worse. He
also said that Sullivan was easilj- the
best first baseman in the California
League, playing the points of the same
and covering more ground than any first
baseman in the league.
Following is the standing of the clubs:
CLUBS.
■ '/. T. T. !||f sill >-!
Ml Hit 111
2; hi I ? : : c
2. o n I ? : • : ! ?
I:.Hi : life fe II :
an Francisco 1.. 6 «| 5 61 B|3Oj2n 50: .600
anramento 5.. 5 5 4 5124J20 44 .546
anta Cruz 4 3.. 5 5j VZ* -" 44 545
an Jose 4 2! 3 .. 5! 7 21 22 43 .488
i-atsonvllle 4 4; 4 3.. 520 24 44.464
■aklan.l I B I 4 I ..11 11
Lo«=t ■•- ■ ■'- ..;..|..j....
Cruelty to His Horse.
Verner Lebao, a junk dealer, was ar
rested on Market and Fourth streets yes
terday afternoon by Secretary Holbrook
of the Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Animals and taken to the City
Prison, where a charge of cruelty to ani
mals-was registered against him. He was
driving a poor starved horse with a sore
back in a wagon full of old junk.
Trophies of the
Chase Secured
Near This City,
DAVID HEARFIELD.
LEASH HAVE
GREYHOUNDS TO
FILL ANY STAKE
The Supply Seems
Inexhaustible.
The card at Union Coursing Park for
this week consists of a 72-dog open stake
for prizes totaling $647 50. The distribu
tion of this money will be made as fol
lows: To the winner. $110: to the runner
up, *75; third, $55: two at $40 each; four
at $20; nine at $12 50; eighteen at $7 50. The
draw at Pythian Castle last night re
sulted as follows:
Seventy dog open 'stake— I). Kaher's
Belle ot Mo* " vs. Pasha Kennels' Best As
sured; Curtis * Bon's McKinley vs. Taylor &
Maxwell's Mote; .1. Kennedy's Wine West vs.
Russell, Allen * Wilson's Belle Clair; G. .1.
Panalrio'fl Old Glory vs. E. M. Kellogg's lowa
Girl; D. J. Healey's Day Spring vs. Aeneid
Kennels' Pretender: Ed Keane's Warship vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin; W. Letcher's
Sandow vs. W. C. Glnsson's Joy Hells; F. A.
McComl Royal Flush vs. Lord .<- Herbst's
Revolver; J. Carroll's Auckland vs. Aeneid
Kennels' Van > Hole; J. Dean a Gladiator vs.
Steele & Knowlea' Sleety Mis,; H. W. Kike's
Nancy R vs. Lowe & Thompson's Jessamy;
Aeneid Kennels' Butterscotch vs. R. E. de B.
Lopez' Santa Rita; F. A. McComb's Miss Sky
rocket vs. R. E. de B. Lopes' Winona; Handy
& Smith's Ida vs. F. A. McCi mbs Bonnie
Scotland; J. Jones' Moonlight vs. Pasha Ken
i.els' Emm Pasha; H. A. Deckelman's Mira
Monte vs. Handy & Smith's Magic; .1. Ron
ning's Dempsey Lass vs. .1. Seggerson'a Gold
Hill; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master Clair
vs. Handy & Smith's Dauntless; H. A. Deckel
man's Prince George vs. J. ><■ mime's Gerald
lne; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan; D. J. Healey's Lady Clare vs. Ed
Evan's Hurricane: Taylor <*.- Maxwell's Tor
ment vs. Taylor .4 Maxwell's Wild Lassie:
Aeneid Kennels' Athenia vs. E. M. Kellogg's
Kid McCoy; Lowe <& Thompson's Prince Hal
vs. J. Kennedy's Nighttime; H. Lynch's
Loiterer vs. Curtis &■ Son's Maud S; J. Dean's
Mialmo vs. F. Brown's Sweet Briar; Taylor &
Maxwell's Lamplighter vs. J. Kennedy's Ever
Shore; F. Brown's AlmO vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Eeneas; Pasha Kennels' Road Agent vs. I. F.
Halton's Tie Tar; Handy A- Smith's Ben Bolt
vs. Pasha Kennels' Metallic; Taylor & Max
well's Bounding Belle vs. Bartel Bros.' Beer
Brewer; D. J. Henley's Maggie N vs V. Guer
rero's Rey Alfonso;' .7 .1. Warren's Sweet Lips
vs. D. J. Heale\'s Amarosa; J. Seggerson's
Candelaria vs. Ft. E. de m Lopez' Banner
Bearer; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty vs.
Handy A- Smith's Petronlus; Ed Wilson's Mag
net vs. Hart el Bros.' Bryan. .
The draw of Tngleside Coursing Club
will be held to-night in Pythian Castle.
An .pen stake with ninety-six entries is
offered the followers of coursing. At the
conclusion of the draw preliminary steps
will be taken in the organization of the
proposed association of dog owners.
BOXER KENNEDY IN
AN EXHIBITION BOUT
Joe Kennedy, the latest of the Califor
nia boxers to seek the wider field of the
East, will be the center of attraction at
the Excelsior Athletic Club entertainment
this evening. The exhibition will be held
in Teutonia Hall, Howard street, near
Ninth. Kennedy's last public appearance
here will be in a bout with "Spider" Kelly.
There will be something more than mere
sparring for those who like hard hitting
mixed with their boxing. "Billy Spring
field, who did some serious fighting at
Santiago, will meet Henry Lewis in a
limited round bout. Several other bouts
between promising amateurs go to make i
up an excellent card.
There Are No Gutter-ways.
Property owners on the line of Mission
street, between Crescent avenue and De
Boom tract, are taking steps to have
gutterways placed along the side of the
main roadway before the rainy season
sets in.
Some two years ago the persons own
ing real estate in this section of the city
were assessed a considerable sum for the
purpose of having cesspools put in at the
street corners which would act as water
catchers and in this way prevent the rain
water from overflowing the roadway.
These cesspools failed In their purpose
for the reason that there were no gutter
ways to conduct the overflow to the open
ings. It is to remedy this oversight and
have the street protected that has caused
the property owners to draw the attention
of the Supervisors to the error.
With this comes the further grievance
from the same property owners, all of
whom complain of the sharp practice of
the Market-street Railroad Company,
which monopoly has seized the whole sur
face of Bosworth street with its double
track, running from Mission street Into
Glen Park. The property owners assessed
themselves $3600 for the purpose of grad
ing and macadamizing Bosworth street,
and no sooner had the work been com
pleted than the Market-street company
came along and occupied the entire street
with its electric track. > i:,.,.-
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
A Painter's Serious Fall.
- The Receiving Hospital was again opened
yesterday and several patients were treat
ed. One of the worst cases was that
of August Linn, a painter, living at the
Park Hotel. He was painting a house on
Daisy street yesterday afternoon, when
the hook on the staging on which he stood
became unfastened and he was precipi
tated to the ground, a distance of about
forty feet. His left arm was badly frac
tured at the elbow and Dr. Heintz had,
to remove a portion of the elbow bone.
SCHOOL BOARD
ORDERS MANY
MORE CHANGES
Webster Teachers Are
Taken Care of.
— ♦ —
MISS BALL WILL BE PAID
— • —
SCHOOL CHILDREN TO WELCOME
THE VOLUNTEERS.
Superintendent Webster Empowered
to Make Necessary Arrange
ments for Their Share in
the Big Reception.
=- . . ■•
The Board of Education at its meeting
last night ordered the following changes
and. appointments, as suggested by Super
intendent Webster:
Resolved and ordered that the following as
signments of teachers made by the Superin
tendent be confirmed: Miss M. A. Roper, Mrs.
It A. Shaw, Miss C. K. Provost, Miss G. C.
Morse Miss M. A Hogan, Miss 3. K. H ugh,
Miss T. McCarthy, Miss S. E. Hackett, Miss A.
E Lynch. Miss -.. Krauss and Miss A. Smith,
(rom Webster Primary to Lincoln Grammar.
Miss A. Schendel from Webster I'rimary to
Bernal Primary (new class). _ .
Mrs A. Tierney from Webster Primary to
Irving Primary, vice Miss A. W. Thompson.
Miss M. Crowley from Haight Primary (class
consolidated) to Le C nte Primary (primary
grade; Miss Helen Wright from Webster Pri
: mary to Agassiz Primary (new class); MISS L.
'■■ Haas from Webster Primary to Hancock Gram
mar (new class): Miss Elizabeth Hitehens from
j Webster Primary to Crocker Grammar (new
class fifth grade); Miss E. A. Wichman from
Webster Primary to Douglass Primary, vice
Mis:; H. T. Crocker: Miss A. L. Hornsby from
Webster Primary to Whittier Primary (new
class); Miss H. Brigoardello from West End
(classes consolidated) to Sheridan Primary
(new class); Miss M. A. Fennell from Washing
ton Grammar to Hancock Grammar, in charge
of sixth grade; professor W. .T. G. Williams
(class consolidated in Washington Grammar)
to Washington Grammar, vice Miss M A. Fen
nell; Miss K. A. Littlefleld from Irving Scott
Grammar to Hamilton Grammar, rice Mrs. S.
Harband (nee Strauss); Miss A. W. Thompson
from Irving Primary to Le Conte Primary
.fifth grade); Miss L. S. Richards from the
Grant Primary to the Irving Scott Primary.
vice Miss E. A. Littlefleld; Miss A. E. Suther
land from Redding Primary to Grant Primary,
vice Miss L. S. Richards; Miss H. T. Crocker
from Douglass Primary to Redding Primary,
vice Miss A. E. Sutherland; Miss M. C. Tor
pey to the Fairm >unt intermediate; Miss J. H.
Gillespie from the Fairmounl Intermediate to
the South End Primary; Miss Lou Smithson
from the Jackson I'rimary to the Hearst Gram
' mar. rice Miss L. J. Harrigan; Miss K. v.
McFeelev from the Lafayette Primary to the
Jackson Primary, vice Miss Lou Smithson;
Miss Josephine Frank (leave of absence ter
minated) to the Lafayette Primary, vice Miss
McFeeley; Miss C. Hesselmeyer to the Haw
thorne Primary, vice Mrs. E. L. Beanston (nee
Whallev); Miss Mary L. Ragan from the High
School 'unassigned list, assigned to the Frank
lin Grammar.
Resolved, That the transfer of Miss E. E.
Kelley from the Mission Grammar School be
and is hereby revoked.
EVENING SCHOOLS.
Resolved. That Miss A. J. Campbell be placed
upon the substitute list; that Miss E. L. West
be assigned to the Lincoln Evening School;
that Mrs. A. StimmeJ be placed upon the even
ing substitute list; that Miss .1. S. Klink he as
signed to the Hamilton Evening School; that
Joseph Baloun be and is hereby elected a
special teacher of mechanical drawing in the
Humboldt Evening hod
Resolved, That all pupils who have been two
years in a grade and secured an average of at
least BO per cent in four subjects during the re
cent examinations may be advanced, provided
that diplomas of graduation from the grammar
school shall not be Issued to those who ob
tained less than the standard percentages.
Resolved, That pupils who averaged not less
than 70 ocr cent in four subjects (in fourth
grades three subjects) in the June and August
examinations, and not less than 50 per cent in
any one of said four subjects, may be promoted
on condition that no scholarship honors be con
ferred . diplomas bestowed nor further promo
thin to-anted till TO per cent he obtained on
final -examination over the subject in which
the pupil is deficient. .
Resolved, That applicants for admission to
grades fifth and ninth Inclusive and to the
high schools who were not present at the
regular examinations held in .Tun" and August
shall pass special written examinations, ques
tions to be made by the principal of the school
and filed with the papers In the Superintend
ent's office, under rules for regular examlna-
Resolved, That the district of the Jefferson
Primary School be bounded by Third street,
south to Harrison, east to water front, thence
north to Market. . ..__-, ,
That the district of the Lincoln Grammar for
primary pupils be from Market, south to Na
toma. between Third and Seventh streets
Resolved, That the district of the V. hlttier
School be from Natoma. south to Islais Creek,
between Third and Sixth streets.
Superintendent Webster followed his re
port with an estimate of the cost of
enforcing the compulsory education act.
His estimate embraced the following fig
ures -
Transcript of Census Marshal's reports
for teachers, $50; employment of special
secretary, $150 per month: six special of
ficers, each $""< per month; printing, etc.,
$50; annual total, $7300.
The resignation of Miss Agnes Manning
as a principal of a primary school in the
department was considered, and her name
was recommended for placement on the
annuity roll. ;., .. .
Applications for positions in the depart
ment were received from Charles J. Carl
son and Miss Clara Percy Westphal.
After two years of waiting Miss Katnryn
Ball will set the salary she has demanded
for the eighteen months she was illegally
deprived of her position in the depart
ment by the last board. A resolution was
adopted last evening ordering that her
salary from July. 1897, to December, 1888,
be paid as directed by the court.
On the list of ninth grade pupils who
obtained 90 per cent and over in the June
examinations the name of Naomi Ander
son Miss Strauss' class of the Hamilton,
908 per cent, was omitted, and Carl Ger
dez 91.6 per cent, of Miss Morton's class,
Hamilton, was reported as in Miss
Strauss' class. ; *»_.■_.
Wong Bock Vue, seventh grade of the
Chinese school, average 97 per cent, was
excelled by Alma Tadd of the Haight—
per cent; Miss Sweeney teacher, Miss
Haswell principal. The Chinese School,
fourth and seventh grades, excelled all
others in percentage of promotions, at
taining 100 per cent. The classes were,
however, small.
Florence Leigh of the Haight, fourth
grade. Miss Hesselmeyer's class, attained
96 6 per cent, and ten in her class were
over 90 per cent. Twenty-three in Miss
Sweenev's sixth grade, Haight School,
were over 90 per cent.
Superintendent Webster offered a reso
lution excusing all high school pupils who
may wish to attend the big performance
to be given at the Orpheum for the bene
fit of the California Volunteers' reception
fund. . *^
Director Gedge suggested that Superin
tendent Webster and Professor M.lev be
empowered to arrange for the school
children to take' part in the reception on
the day the boys come home. director
Holbrook, who Is a member of the ex
ecutive committee, said he had talked
that question over with his fellow mem
hers and that they suggested thai the
children be drawn up on both sides of the
line of march on the day of the parade.
Superintendent Webster was given full
power to act. and he says the children
will be a big feature in California's re
ception. _____
The Kehlenbeck Murder.
The preliminary examination of Dr. C.
C. J. Wachendorf. charged with the mur
der of John Kehlenbeck, was concluded
before Judge Treadwell yesterday after
noon. The witnesses examined were H.
A. French. George S. Kamp Jr.. Joseph
Coleman. A. Dixon. Detective Egan and
H. M. Dorsey. but their evidence "was un
important. Argument of counsel will take
place next Tuesday. ;■? -•
Crushed to Death.
Ah Long, a Chinese, employed at the
Western Woo! Company's factory at 423
Seventh street, met with a fatal accident
yesterday afternoon. He was caught in
the cogs of a large wheel and had the top
of his skull torn off. The ambulance was
A Good-Luck Cross.
A cross recently discovered In the grave of'
the beautiful Queen Dngmar Is supposed to
keep away all evil Influences. There is no
more evil influence than 111 health, fend there
la nothing which has so great a power to keep
It away than Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It
ls worth a hundred good-luck crosses, to the man
or woman afflicted with dyspepsia and Indi
gestion. - A private. Revenue Stamp should
cover the neck of the bottle.
summoned and he was driven to th* Re
ceiving Hospital, hut he died on th op
erating table and his body was removed
to the Morgue. _■;,-■■,-.
MONTREAL CYCLE RACES.
I Summersgill of England Wins the
• •-Mile Championship.
MONTREAL, Aug. 9— The world's
cycle championship meet of the Interna
tional Cyclist Union, under the auspWs
of the Canadian Wheelmen's Association]
opened to-day on the Queen's Park trail..
The weather was beautiful— fair and not
too warm— and there was but slight win,],
not heavy enough to interfere with tn e
riders Ten thousand persons saw the
races/filling every Beat in the grand stand
and bleachers and overflowing the rails
along the track. .-£. ,_ . .
There was only one world s champion
ship event on to-day's card— that at
one mile—and it fell to Tom SummersgiL
of the Deeds Atheltlc Club. England, who
won it in a rushing finish from •Earl
Teabody of Chicago and John Cajdow,
the Scotch champion. Of- the other men
from across the water Cherry of England
was frozen out of the first trial, finishing
second to a local rider named Bosvert.
The same fate befell George of South
Africa, in the second heat Qopdson, the
Australian champion, perished in the sec
ond semi-final, being beaten out by Pea
body. Talllandle'r, the Frenchman, -was
left in the same boat.
The three men in the final made a loaf-
Ing race of it. no one desiring to cut out
the pace, Peabody was in front, with
Summersgill In second place and Caldow
trailing. They kept this position .til the
back stretch of the last round, when Cal
dow moved up and the three men came
Into the stretch practically abreast Then
it was that Summersgill let himself loose.
He got a lead of a half length and suc
ceeded in holding it from Peab >dy, who
had about the same distance the better
of Caldow, who did not finish nearly so
strongly as he did in the preliminary.
The most important professional event
was the half-mile. C. R. McCarthy of St.
Louis, Nat Butler, Carman, the Canadian
rider, McCarthy of Toronto, Major ray
lor and Angus" McLeod of Toronto jwere
the six men who got into the final. 1 ere
was a hair-raising finish between Mc-
Carthy of St. Louis and Major Taylor.
The latter got into a pocket in rounding
into the stretch and though he mad* 4 a
great rush he was beaten out by McCar
thy It was only a matter of inches, Ihe
decision was so close that a pari of the
crowd on the stand back of the wire re
fused to accept it. claiming Taylor had
won. he time was 1:00 1-5. :
In the two-mile tandem, professional, a
new world's competition mark of 3:4( 3-o
was made by the Butlers, the previous
record being 4:01 3-5, made by McDuffee
and Terrell at Boston. The men were
paced by a triplet, the Butlers coming
out at' the head of the stretch, winning
prettily from McCarthy and Bowles, with
Taylor and Casey a wheel back of them.
The half-mile amateur was won handi
ly by Lister Wilson of Pittsburg, who
beat'Drurv of Montreal, Cherry, the En
glish champion, ran into the fence and
fell in the semi-final. 
The remaining race of the day. the mile
novice, went to Bert I lenriisoi of Toron
to, easily the best in the bunch, sum
maries:
One mile, novice, final heat-Bert Dennison.
Toronto, won; J. Moore, Montreal, second;
Byron Brown. Charlottetown. third. Time. -:•■!.
One mile, amateur championship of the worm.
final heat T. Summersgill, England, Earl
Peubodv. Chicago, second: John Caldow Scot
land, third. Time, 1:43 2-5.
Half-mile professional, final heat— won by '_.
r McCarthy, St. Louis; Major Taylor, second;
Nat Butler, third. .Time, 1:00 1-5
Half-mile amateur, final heat— bj 1.
Wilson, Pittsburg; 3. Drury. Montreal, second.
B. (son, Australia, third. Time. 1:08..
Two miles, professional tandem, final heat -
Won by Butler Brothers; Charles McCarthy and
J. Bowler second; Major Taylor and .1. Casey,
third. Time. 3:4S 3-5.
ACTED IN SELF-DEFENSE.
Officer WHite Exonerated From Blame
for Shooting George Cornwall.
An inquest was held yesterday by Cor
oner Hill on the body of George Cornwall,
who died in the City and County Hospital
on Monday morning from the effects of
a bullet wound received while in the Cal
ifornia-street police station on Saturday
evening. Cornwall was then partly de
mented from the use of opium and tho
effects of the drug made him desire to
kill some one. He fired a shot at Prison
Keeper H. G. White, -which struck the
officer in the breast directly over the
heart The force of the bullet was
checked to some extent by striking the
folds of the heavy uniform sleeve, but
it made a painful wound. The crazed
fellow continued to snap his weapon at
the prison keeper and other officers, and
he did not stop until checked by a bullet
fired by Officer White.
officers White, James McGovern, M. J.
O'Sullivan and L. H. Young and Patrol
Wagon Driver V. Barbette and Autopsy
Surgeon Dr. J. L. Zabala testified as to
the circumstances of the shooting, but
nothing more than has been published
was brought out in their testimony. At
the conclusion the jury found that "said
wound was inflicted by H. G. White while
acting in self-defense." Cornwall's funeral
took place yesterday afternoon at Stock
ton, where his family reside.
Wealth of Savings Banks.
A week or so ago the Bank Commis
sioners made a call upon the savings
banks of the State for statements as to
their condition at the close of business
on July 31. The reports as compiled show
the following:
Resources— Bank premises. $1,393,493 78;
real estate taken for debt, $5,739,115 54;
miscellaneous bonds and storks. $42,558.
--986 78; loans on real estate, $60,604,990 33;
loans on stocks, bonds and warrants,
$1283799 53; money on hand. $4,005 75;
due from banks and bankers. $1,914,981 83;
other assets, $440,502 45. Total resources,
$123 401,234 99. Liabilities— Capital paid in
coin $4,010,000: reserve fund, $5,354,029 15;
due depositors, $113,294,213 99: other liabili
ties. $742,991 55. Total liabilities, $123,401,
--234 99.
Pleads Not Guilty.
WOODLAND, Aug. 9.- Frederick Led
erer, the" man who stabbed his wife in
such a brutal manner near this city sev
eral weeks ago, has entered a plea of
not guilty and his preliminary examina
tion lias been set for October 10, Ball haS
been fixed at $5000, which has not been se
cured.
STOMACH *lljw
DISORDER? ' 111 f
If you continue to suffer you will have your-
self alone to blame, for. a positive cure is
'within your reach. A remedy that has been
tVtei and tested, one that is infallible in the
rea men of any digestive disorder. Such a
treatment TTrt i rAN HUDYAN strenethens
md e sUm«la^ r to A n N ormal activity all the nr-
*„ concerned in the digestion ol your food.
HTDYAN has cured others: it will cure you.
First know your condition. Have you fre-
oJent headaches (Fig. 1). a coated ' tongue or
offensive breath (Fig. 2). fluttering or pal pi ta-
?,'!„'( -heart (Fig. 3), bloating of stomach or
soreness after eating '(Fig. 4), an Inactive or
_?_£__3 l liver (Fig. 5). These are all symptoms
of digestion. g Again gaseous eructations
nervousness sleeplessness, weakness, tired and
worn-out feeling, loss, of appetite, costlveness.
Tit fheoe indicate poor digestion. ...,'-■
HI'DTAN will correct all the shove symP-
St e?eV. m HU DY C gives strength and^en-
toms H^ D Vt-T.V-.N eive* strength and en-
brlght eyes. HCDYAN *▼« an
♦ — — 4- are weak, because
MEN and H , ; v 1 i ti - in of vr a e ii
WOMFN perfect activity or all
irwiwn the nutritive organs.
rot-c HUDYAN acts gently
_ *" Xt ... and naturally- upon
Call or Write. the bowels. The ma-
+ ♦• (ority of ills may ba
traced to disturbances of digestion. HUDYAN
cures, and permanently, too. , _ _
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists for oOc a
package or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN,
send direct to the . . :.-.. ,_ •.;.
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
. Cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
YOUR CASE FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL OR WRITE.CHILD A VETERAN
AT SHOPLIFTING
Ten-Year-Old Girl Detected at Salinas
While Robbing a Store.
© /~*\ ALIN'AS, Aug. 9.— young and audacious shoplifter was caught.©
S V. here to-day ln the act of carrying off valuable jewelry notions 8
O from Hale & Co.'s store. From . facts brought to light after the p j
•' is,.-/ capture of the youthful pilferer it is thought that she has made <£
5 many- visits to the stores and has had a perfect system of obtain- o» \
O Ing goods without paying for them. . _* '
£, At 2 o'clock, when the store was full of customers and the clerks £
i % were busy, little Camille Guetere, 10 years old, entered the notion depart- iT i
5 ment. Miss Nettie Metz, the clerk In that department, went to wait £> '
6 on the supposed customer. ."When asked what was wanted Camille .re- g,
,_ plied: "Nothing." The little girl was then left unnoticed, while other _.• j
O customer.-' wants were attended to. 0 j
6 The child in her great haste to obtain all the notions she could be- i
_,• came somewhat careless and let one article drop to the floor. As the £J
& nearest clerk looked in the direction of the noise the child started toward &
0 the door. Her demeanor was suspicious and a clerk went after her, . q
£ catching her just as she was about to leave the store. £
f. As the little girl was clutched by the shoulder she in turn pressed her gj
C* arm to her side as -if holding something under her coat. That confirmed 0
it suspicion and an investigation and search followed, with profitable re- 8
0 suits. i?
•^ Valuable gold trinkets were taken from under the child's coat, and 0
£ as each article was discovered and taken from its hiding place the g
~ youthful criminal proclaimed her innocence and vehemently denied that _?
c. she had any more stolen property. No tears came to. the eyes of the girl, 0
0 however, and she at all times during the ordeal to which she was sub- *?
•* jected retained the nonchalant manner seen only in the hardened -^
£$ • criminal. ■' 0
0 The little girl ls the daughter of respectable parents, and because of 25
i" her youth and out of sympathy for- the family she was not arrested, 0
5* but allowed to go with a severe scolding. iS
g 0
;__<--• :r.*_r%»:rv*:^-».r>^-:A %_> <_> •_*r > »_r>?2o*iO*i 0 •_._>?. rSfSeSfSaIU •_. <_>•■__>♦_:<_-•_.«_>•._ .__■•£<__.♦._<_> fi)
HOW INDIA MAY
SECURE GOLD
Opinion of Mint Di
rector Roberts.
— + —
RECOMMENDS A BOND ISSUE
— ♦-—
GOLD WILL NATURALLY FILTER |
IN VERY SLOWLY.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— Commenting
on the cabled report of the Committee on ■
the Indian Currency, placing India on the |
gold basis. Director of the Mint Roberts
said -day:
"The report does little more than reaf
firm and declare the permanency of the;
[icy adopted in 1893, when the mints
were closed to the free coinage of silver.
The mints were closed originally because
the decline in silver had become so great
as to embarrass the Indian Government,
which received its revenue* in silver and
had to make a large share of its dls
bursements in gold. The Government
makes its remittances to London by sell-
Ing bills of exchange on the London
market] these being ought by people who j
desire to make the remittances to India.
Before the mints were closed the public
could either, buy these 'council bills' or!
send silver, but by closing the mints the
Government hoped to force the purchase j
Of the bills at a higher rate. Hard times I
followed in India, attributed by those who
criticized the Government to the closing j
of the mints, but attributed by the Gov
ernment to the famine and other causes.
There was considerable agitation In favor
of reopening the mints, and the business
world was In no little uncertainty about
the future. It was considered highly de
sirable that the Government's future pol- |
lev should be definitely assured, and ac- j
co'rdingly something over a year ago a
committee of eleven was appointed by the
Indian i ifflce In London to investigate
the whole subject. The committee has
published two volumes of testimony and j
now gives Its own .elusions.
'.'lt is unanimous in finding that the
mints should not be reopened to silver,
The committee says: Even apart from
considerations affecting the Government
Sof India it is not in the Interest of India
that her foreign commerce, over SO '" '•'
cent of which is with gold standard coun
tries, should he tampered with by the
restoration of silver monometallism.'
"The committee pronounces the efforts
of the Government to hold the value of
the rupee at 16 pence a success, and holds
the sale of consols at that figure to be a
proof that India already has the gold
standard. It hesitates. however, to rec
ommend the final step. viz.. that the In- j
dian Government Khali give gold in ex
change for the silver rupees current. It
says that in its opinion it is not necessary
fnr the Government to bind Itself to do
this It would "impose on the Government
a liability to find gold at a moment's no
tice to an amount which ■:..- be defined ;
beforehand, and the liability is one which
in out opinion ought not to be accepted.'
"This has been the puzzling question in
the Indian situation. The Government ,
has no gold reserve, nor has it the means j
to obtain a stock of gold at once. It could
only be done by the Issue of bonds or in j
Installments through taxation, and it is ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Strike Quickly. __^* s **'™^\
"On the instant when &J%_ \~
a lion shows his ter- / fk*__H c
per " said a famous lion //..•* *
tamer "cut him quickly I — ~*r. &\
over the face. Don't t^-k-^L \
wait until he springs at '^_%Sy-v \
you." This is equally .WfsL\ \
good advice for treat- *' lli^\\\
v Va*jS? ffl to
Jrg the lion of disease. Many an attack of
dangerous illness would be headed off if at
the first monitory symptoms the victim
would strike quickly; '', . , __- _•
Those severe coughs, bronchia] affections
a:] (' : wasting diseases which merge into
consumption would never get their savage
teeth iuto the constitution if their early
s^ns were headed off by Dr. Pierces Gold-
en Medical Discovery. It provides such an
abundance of rich nourishing blood that
tuberculosis germs have no chance to get
any lodgment in the lungs. It clears the
skin and purges all the impurities from
every organ.- It invigorates the liver to
expel all bilious poisons from the circula-
tion *-■ creates healthy tissue, vitalized
nerve floor and -fives solid strength.
" I Wive thought for a long time." writes Mrs
Ros" Petty, of "Lock ville, Chatham Co. N. C.
"that , would not do yon justice if I did not
write and ten you how I was cured of that dread-
S d^e.isc railed consumption; by using .Dr.
Seme's Golden Medical Discovery. I had meas-
leaanci pneumonia both at the same tone,
Sme neir gg* -*»£*& th T^owfd
S sun^o^M^physi !a_ did all gj«Jdgr
rh^hitr^d^^^^A^
_S but-new worse; and would have died scon
had *l not commenced --? the ' OoWcn Mcd,
cai Discovery.' I felt before the hrst
bottle w*« finished. I took six bottles, and after
u£tl fc« «ter and stronger than in ten years
before That <•-.- six years ago. andto-day do
SSm anvsviupiomsofa return of the disease.
iTe-nai r ur,-,' and I think lam the cause* «
fn>r!d br^rror-.! by using the raffle medicine.
He wa.^lscted as I was. and after every thing
failed to cure him he took Dr. Pierce a Golden
Medical Discovery ui_- -,-,-us curtd.
not practicable to Increase the taxes of
India to any considerable degree. The
committee concludes that the acquirement
of a reserve may be left to the future and
that the present silver currency of India
may be maintained at a fixed value of
gold by supplying such quantities of gold
as are needed for foreign remittances.
That, they say. they 'regard as the prin
cipal use of a natural reserve.'
"In fact, that is precisely the service
performed by the gold reserve of the
Pnited States. The Indian committee re
fers to the example of the United States.
It is recommended that the Indian mints
he opened to the unrestricted coinage of
gold and that the British sovereign be
made a legal tender upon the theory that
gold will flow in as more money is need
ed anil that eventually a considerable
share of the currency will tints come to
be of gold. The significance of the port
is In the determination not to open the
mints. The policy of India may now be
assumed to be settled."
When asked if there was any reason
to expect such a movement of sold to
India as might disturb money markets
in the world's centers Mr. Roberts re
plied: "There is not. India cannot draw
any more than she can pay for, and she is
not rich enough, or likely to develop ex
ports fast enough to make her demands
serious. She has taken nine or ten million
dollars' worth of Australian gold this
year. She cannot possibly take a sum
that will absorb the Increase of this year's
gold production over last."
"Does the final adoption of the gold
standard by India have any bearing upon
our foreign trade?"
"It places the" wealth producers of both
countries on a common level," replied Mr.
Roberts, "and disposes of the old argu
ment that the Indian farmer has an ad
vantage over the American farmer, be
cause he receives his pay in a falling
currency. Whatever Intricacies there
once were on the subject have been
cleared up. for the Indian farmer, like
the American farmer, is now paid by the
gold standard. The alleged advantage
was an illusory one, for he only held it
while the currency continued to fall, .and
then only after he could work it off on
some uninformed or helpless fellow-coun
tryman at a former value. Furthermore,
in the nature of things a currency must
stop falling some rime, when it becomes [
worthless, if not sooner. This committee ■
agrees with the Indian Government that
the. interests of that country as a -whole
demand that the depreciation of Its money
should cease and that its financial system
should be linked to that of the other im
portant nations of the world."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Pensions, Postoffice Changes and Or
ders Issued by the War De
partment. .
WASHINGTON, Aug. The Commis
sioner of the General Land Office to-day
denied the motion of Domingo Zanone of j
! Eureka for a review of the department's '
decision denying his application for a re- I
payment of double minimum excess paid
by him on cash entry for land In Hum
boldt land district. California.
The postal service between Unadilla I
' and Tejon will be discontinued after
August 15. Service will then be discon
tinued between Unadilla and Bakersfleld.
Army orders: By direction of the Act
ing Secretary of War, Captain Charles 10.
Woodruff, assistant surgeon, is relieved '
i from further duty at Benlcla Barracks, j
and will proceed to Fort Riley. Kansas.
\to relieve Major Junius L. Powell. Major.
! Powell on being thus relieved will pro
ceed to San Francisco and report to the
I commanding general. Department of Cali
[ fornia, tor temporary duty.
The following-named enlisted men, now
I at the stations designated after their re
j spective names, will be discharged from
the service of the United States: Acting
' Hospital Steward Ernest 1.. Smith, Hos
pital Corps, Fort St. Michael, Alaska;
Private John (i. McKae, Hospital Corns,'
General Hospital. Presidio, San Fran
| cisco.
Second Lieutenant William B. Cowin,
Third Cavalry, upon the completion of
such duty as may be assigned him by the
commanding general. Department of Cali
fornia, will proceed to the Philippine
• Islands and report in person to Brigadier
Genera) John C. Bates for duty on his
| staff.
The following-named officers, recently
■■ appointed, are assigned to regiments as
hereinafter specified: Second Lieutenant
Eurubian H. Bubottom, Ninth Cavalry,
Department of California-, San Francisco;
Second Lieutenant William B. Cowin,
Third Cavalry, will report in person to
the commanding general, Department of
Missouri, for temporary duty, and upon j
completion thereof will proceed to San
Francisco and report. In person to the
: commanding general, Department of Cali
fornia for duty; Second Lieutenant
George B. Sharon. Twenty-fifth United
States Infantry, San Francisco; Second
Lieutenant Cyrus A. Qolph, Eleventh In- 1
fantry. San Francisco. i
Acting Assistant Surgeon Cornelius D. i
Van Wagener. United States army, is re
lieved from further duty on the hospital
i ship Relief, now at San Francisco, and
I will proceed to Now York and on arrival ;
| will report to the surgeon general of the :
] army lor annulment of his contract. |
Second Lieutenant William E. Mould,
Sixteenth Infantry, will report Ln per- ;
. son to the commanding general of the :
| Department "of the Lakes, Chicago, lor 1
temporary duty, and on completion will
proceed to San Francisco. ____,
I Captain James H. Aldrich, Thirty-fifth
; Infantry will proceed to San Francisco i
: and report to Major R. Brinkerhoff, Third !
i United States Infantry, recruiting officer,
i for duty to recruit for his regiment.
■Vcting Assistant Surgeon J. H. Mitnlck !
i will proceed from Baltimore to San Fran
cisco and report in person to the com- j
| manding general. Department of Califor- I
; nia., for assignment to duty.
Recruit Frederick F. Hance. general j
! service, Presidio, San Francisco, will be
discharged without honor from the ser- >
! vice of the United States by the com
manding officer of his station.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Wilson McClln
took Santa Ana, $6; Nathaniel Clashing,
' Veterans' Home. Napa. $6; Anson 1.. linn'
I «on East Oakland. J6; Henry Wernst, San
Jese $fi; William D. Warden, Sebastopol,
1 Sit) Increase, special. July 29— Charles It.
1 Jackson, Veterans' Home, Napa. $8 to $12. ,
Reissue— George W. Chamberlain, Fortu- j
na $10. Original widows, etc.— Teresa
: Duntop, Oakland, $8. . ,___._
Oregon: Increase— Henry Luch. Asto- i
ria, $« to $1". '" : -. :■"-.-■ -__ ,
Washington: Original— Neukorn.
Washougal. *6. Renewal-Henry H. Gil
more Ter.lno, $8. Reissue— David V\ . Hill.
Taeoma. $0. Original widows, etc.— Raj
chad Judson. Pullman, $12. 1
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1899.
TEDDY HARTMAN IS
PARALYZED AND POOR
TEDDY HARTMAN. the ex-Tlvoli favorite. Is sick and destitute ln New
York. Some few weeks ago Tom Leary. also of Tivoli fame, struck
the Empire City, and almost the rlrst news he heard was the unhappy
Plight of his old friend. It did not take long for the big-hearted Leary
to hunt "Teddy" up. He found the unfortunate comedian destitute
and ill, suffering with a paralysis that robbed him of all use of his lower
• m -This Is no place for yon." said Tom. "This infernal heat Is" not calcu
lated to help a man along the road to recovery." and without further ado
the Hartman baggage was packed by the faithful Leary and Teddy was
installed as guest in a trim little cottage rented by Leary at a health-giving
Long Island resort. At last reports Hartman was improving, but there were
serious doubts as to his ability to reappear upon the stage for some months
to come. The comedian's sad plight has become known to his many friends
out here, and a substantial purse has been forwarded hlrn as a token of
their esteem. •-,..,_ ......
■Vbout two years ago Ferris Hartman left the Tivoli, where as the
comedian of the opera company he had scored numberless successes, and
decided to invest his savings in "starring" himself. He went to London, se
cured a brand-new-warranted-to-wiri comedy, ami .with a -New }ork com
pany appeared at the Baldwin Theater for. a two weeks' run.
Hartman and his play, "The Purser," won a success d'estime. The first
night was a tremendous one. but that was all. Several thousand dollars
were sunk in the Baldwin engagement, after which the company played the
northern route, dropping money all along the road. After his venture as .a
-star" the Tivoli favorite joined several Eastern organizations, but he did
not seem able to please the New York theater-goers and misfortune followed
mi-fortune. Finall% luck seemed to strike him. He got an engagement with
the Casino company; but once again 111-luck pursued him, and while playing
a prosperous engagement with "The Man in the Moon" company he was
stricken with paralysis. ■■
Tom Leary who so nobly came to his old friend's rescue, is prospering
in New York'a's an "entertainer," and his services are in great demand at
fashionable clubs and swell gatherings.
SITUATION IN
TRANSVAAL GRAVE
Preparations Made for
Any Contingency.
Special Dlppatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 9— The gravity of the
I Transvaal situation is generally regarded
to have been increased by the latest news
and the tone of Mr. Chamberlain's
statement on the eve of the prorogation
of Parliament adversely affected prices
on the Stock Exchange, where how
ever, the prices. of South African securi
i ties are now above the worst.
In the House of Commons to-day Jo
seph Chamberlain, Secretary of State for
the Colonies, said no official .confirmation
had been received of the report that the
. Transvaal had declined to agree to a joint
I Inquiry into the effect which the fran
chise reforms will have on the Outland
i ers Several regiments, he added, were
! about to be dispatched to South Africa
for the defense of Natal, in response to
the request of the Natal' Government,
, and preparations were being, made for
any contingencies.
Later, replying to T. P. O'Connor. Irish
Nationalist, member for the Scotland di
vision of Liver] 1-. Mr. Chamberlain.dep
recated a resumption of the debate on the
Transvaal situation, which, he pointed
out While serious, still remains doubtful
The colonial secretary, added that he
sincerely hoped that the report saying the
inquiry proposal had been rejected was
untrue. While he regretted the necessity
of answering Mr. O.Connor lt would be a
fata" mistake to allow the latter s views
[hat a -was entirely needless and hat
te Government oUght to express willing
ness to wait, maybe twenty-five years
for a redressal of the grievances of which
they complained; to be considered.
He added: "The representative opinions
of even the small minority in the House
of Commons or anything but the most In
! significant minority of the United King
dom on the Governments policy have
been clearly expressed. We recognize the
grievances" of the Outlanders and have
sad that these grievances are not merely
themselves a serious cause for interpo
sition but are a source of danger to the
! whole of South Africa. We say our pre
doih nance is menaced by the action of the
Transvaal in refusing to redress the griev
ances or give consideration to requests
i hitherto put in the most moderate lan
! guage of a suzerain power. We say that
! this state of things cannot be tolerated.
! We have put our hands to the plow and
! won't draw back. With that statement
; 1 propose to rest content." ....
The additional troops ordered to be in
readiness for transportation to South
Africa include a battalion of the Grena
dier Guards and three batteries of artil
lery. Parliament was prorogued later in
1 the _1 1 V
CAPE TOWN, Aug. 9.— The Transvaal
Government has not forwarded to Sir Al
fred Milner. British High Commissioner
for South Africa and Governor of Cap*
Colony, its reply to Mr. Chamberlain's
proposal fo a Joint commission of inquiry
into the effect upon the Outlanders of the
! new franchise legislation, but Sir Alfred
Milner still hopes for a pacific settlement.
It- is -reported that a movement is on
foot among the burghers to send petitions
urging the Volksraad to make further
, concessions. V-; •.-_,-_.._," -.-
The Liverpool regiment sailed for->atal
' to-day. While the transport was leaving
the bay the crew of the United States
l Cruiser* Chicago; Rear Admiral. Howison'S
flagship, loudly cheered the troops, who
j replied vigorously for several minutes.
GALE STRIKES VALPARAISO.
Number of Lives Lost and Families
Rendered Homeless. -
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. -.;-;■>_ .•... v
VALPARAISO, Aug. 9.— Valparaiso was
visited yesterday by a strong gale. Waves
destroyed a great portion of the com
mercial quay, doing enormous damage
and Interrupting railroad transit through
the city. Rivers ln the south have again
overflowed and many families are home
less and starving. Three persons were
drowned ln Talcahuano. A freight train
fell into the river at Bio Bio. Thirty men
were injured. The number of dead Is un
known. >:-W4s ':-..*. v'>
» ♦ ■ ; — —J ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
; or without removal. J. Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
MERCHANTS REACHING
OUT FOR BUSINESS
WHOLESALERS' LEAGUE WILL
BRING TRADE TO CITY.
A Series of Excursions to Be Hun
From All Points in the
Western Territory.
The executive committee of the Manu
facturers' and "Wholesalers' League, at
a meeting held yesterday in the rooms
of the Board of Trade, decided definite
ly to inaugurate a series of exclusions
to San Francisco to take in all ot the
territory west of the 100 th meridian. The
object of the undertaking is to .reinvig
orate the trade of this city. The mem
bers of the league assert that the propo
sition Is not altogether a selfish one on
their part, for they believe that it will
be of benefit to the entire business com
munity.
'1 be dates of the excursions have been
fixed as follows: September 2, from Ug
den; September 9, from El Paso; Septem
ber 16, from Portland, Or.; September 23,
from Surf. A number of local excursions
will also be arranged. The railroad com
panies have agreed tb make a half rate,
and the league will refund to all legiti
mate buyers an additional quarter. The
local hotel men and the theaters have of
fered to make a reduction from regular
rates of 25 per cent to the excursionists
upon presentation of the league's cer
tificates. -;:-""•'. * ..:?•-*'. „.___,
It is believed that the plan will bring
to this city a great number of people
who would not otherwise visit here, The
same system of stimulating trade has
been successfully tried in the Eastern
cities. £QT?_B-
The members of the league will com
mence to-day to send out Invitation:, to
their patrons throughout the entire West
ern territory. Over 25.'mxi of these will be
mailed and will be forwarded at the rate
of SOCIO a day.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce wore granted yes
terday by Judge Datngerfleld to Eleanor
Smith from William H. Smith on the
ground of failure to provide; Mary Lena
Middleman from John Mlddlemaa "ii iho
ground of failure to provide; Minnie Lee
from Millard Lee on the ground of deser
tion, and Julie Ballet from Louis Ballet
on the ground of desertion. Judge
Belcher has granted Emma J. N. Stein
weg a divorce from C. G. Btelnwog on
the ground of desertion. Suits for di
vorce have teen filed by. Peter Pala
against Caterlna Pala for desertion; Dora
Burn against William M. Burn for de
sertion; Clara Walter against Oscar H.
Walter for failure to provide; Elisabeth
A. Lyons against William J. Lyons for
intemperance, and Edwin D. Korten
against Charlotte A. Korten for deser
tion. :.-y- ■■■-■■■ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE TO MEN.
The Private Formula of a Noted
Physician Made Known— Quickly
Restores Weakened Mankind
to Strength and Vigor.
l. | XV.' KXAPP, M.D.
A most successful remedy has been found for
sexual weakness, such as Impotency, shrunken
organs nervous' debility, lost manhood, night
emissions, premature discharge and all other
results of self-abuse or excesses. It cures any
case of the difficulty, never fails to restore the
organs to full natural strength and vigor. The
doctor who made this wonderful discovery
wants to let every man know about It. He
will therefore, ■ send the rece.pt givlpg the
various Ingredients to be used so that all men
at a trifling, expense can cure themselves. He
sends the receipt free, and all the reader need
do Is to send his name and address to L. XV.
Knapp, M.D.. I«S9 Hull building. Detroit.
Mich., requesting the free receipt as reported
In this paper. It Is a generous offer, and all
men ought to be glad to have such an op-
portunity.
FRANCE WANTS A
CHINESE REGIMENT
Celestials Better Than
the Annamites.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. The
following Chinese and Japanese mail
advices ' have been received by the
steamer Empress of Japan:
The British, Belgian and Mexican
governments have applied to the Jap
anese- Government for the conclusion
of an agreement relating to extradition
and' negotiations will be shortly com
menced. Under the new treaties Japan
wilT seek to control foreign religions.
Hitherto Christianity has been left un
molested.
France ls pressing her demands on
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information
regarding special advantages, rates, manner of reaching them, etc. When writing plea_fe mention The Call.
-»-0^0«-C -O-»0*0*O>0*0*0*0*04- i
A ♦
♦ o
♦ Take advantage ♦
£ Of the Round-Trip 0
4 Tickets to ♦
o . o
? lidtel del Coronado. i
O o
♦ Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦ ;
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel; ♦
° if longer, $2.50 a day. + j
° Apply 4 New Montgomery st., °
0 San Francisco. °
t-0-»0-»0-» 0-»0-«-0-»0-*-0-»-C-»0-»-0-»0-» I
♦04 0-»Q-» o-»o-»-o-e-o-»-o-»c-»o-»o-»o-» !
■* ■ a IAA lIOT spniNcs. - ™
115 11 IV SB beautiful summer and
_rliaP«_sJllDM_P winter resort. now
1 nil ill VW owned and managed by |
HI. J PFRHAI'LT, who as resident physi- I
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated ;
ISO miles south of San Francisco. l» ' the Coast :
Hanr- Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from ;
fogs Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful ground*
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages- good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery, lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottage?, or Invalids or outers
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip. $«. For further
...formation address J. PERRAULT. M.D. . Pa-
raise Springs, or city office. 236 butter St., -. * .
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
R. ROBERTSON dor the past five .ears at Paraiso '
Springs', Proprietor aid Manager.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES HAVE
been thoroughly renovated— new furniture,
beds carpets, etc. : the table the best the mar-
ket affords; the baths refitted and ImprD.ed,
competent attendants and masseurs: grounds
and walks beautified; terms. $12 and $14 -r
week- trains leave Third and L.wnsend st.-.. ,
5 F. at 9 a. m. and 2:4.", p. m.; carriages at
Gilroy for the Springs: round trip, .< .... at Sl3
Market st For further information address K.
ROBERTSON. Gllroy Hot Springs. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, boSty. ;
Up in the mountains near the lakes,
nnd in the heart of Lake County's min-
eral belt. Take train via Ukiah.
ROUND TRIP -59.50
J. Martens, prop.: city office, 418 Pine st.
HOTEL LYNDON, j
LOS GATOS.
JCST OPENED; NEW BUILDING: HAND-
tI some furniture: £0 outside rooms: every
modern convenience: electric bells and lighting; j
wr'-ct sanitary plumbing. Strictly first-elans
.mllv and commercial hotel. Comfort and con-
venience of guests first consideration. Cuisine
nnd P service unsurpassed. Commodious frea
sample room. LYMAN IL TOLKREK. I'ropr.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
THIS DELIGHTFUL WATERING PLACE j
is located ln the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance, of mineral springs, hot and cold i
rlunet baths. large swimming tank of mineral :
vat-.- fine stone dining room: telephone con- ;
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation: ,
good trout fishing and hunting. Round- trip ;
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $11.
limeis a. - v JOHN A _i_DING. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILKS FROM HOPLAND. UNE-
craaled soda and magnesia springs: baths: ■
furnished cottages. Term? $10 to $12. Buy '
Through tickets S«nd for circular. O. HOW- |
ELL. Hopland. Cal. .
DR C C. O'DONNELL'S
C? ANITARIUM AND MINERAL SPRINGS,
i Glen Ellen. Sonoma County: also 20 com-
' Die-ely furnished 5-room cottages; good boat-.
ing fishing and hunting: fine: summer resort!
and mineral water for all diseases In America: |
camping ground nnd mineral water free. Apply ;
to Dr C C. O'Donnel. 1«1<. Market St.. bet. !
Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS j
C IN^S^rSHI^'IND^IF^I^^ESORT
FINEST coast. Climate perfect. For parti- |
on'tlie coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EPSON BROS.. Proprietors. j
HOTEL EL MONTE.
I OS GATOS. CAL. -STRICTLY FIRST
l_ class; .renovated throughout; Ipvelysur-
roundings: new management. JOHN NEVI-U
Proprietor. ' .
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THF.
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests: prices
reasonable. $S to $10 per week: special rates for
families. XV. 3. McDONALD. Manager.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAJLY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m.; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. <■>•
China in the'.Yang-Tse Valley. The
J?r_a_ch Authorities in Indo-China have
conceived the idea of converting the
Chinese into a soldier and. following
the example of the British at "Wei-Hai-
YVei, they are forming a regiment of
; Celestial Tirailleurs, who, it is believed,
j will be more efficient soldiers than the ■
| Annamites now in the French service. (
On the surface Peking is quiet, but
beneath there is ferment. The Em- .
press Dowager still holds the reins of ]
office, but the palace is a veritable hot- ]
bed of jealous intrigues. Prince against !
minister, eunuch against both and Em- ,
i press Dowager and her favorites
1 against the world.
The Empress Dowager has issued an .
l edict at Peking. in which several sweep
; ing reforms are ordered to take place in
all the state departments of the empire.
; The edict opens with a perfect tirade
, on the whole of the officials in all the ;
provinces concerning their duty In or-
I der to prevent what is stated to be a
■ perpetual "squeezing" among those
who are in charge. The edict proceeds
to say that the directors of the Peking
* stations and salt department had been j
| guilty of squeezing and that in order j
ito remedy thi/se wrongs it would be ;
necessary in' the future that the vice- '
■ roys, Tartar generals and governors |
! should take notice of the condition of .
j things, which was deplorable. The ,
I Paso Robles I
1 Soda Water j
fl Fresh and bubbling from the M
P spring— coming up from Na* M
h pounded and charged to t|^
P stimulate the sick. Served J^^m
BJ: ink al! you _$__%__ 'w_»__ '^Wt
b;m edge on .fl r
I Robles a
E pleasure "^v J_tL__t_m
1 place t_________\ _m_WK&*Wn
I Otto E. Never. ___■'■■:■
■ Robles. Cal. _\_______\_\\ "- '__?
■ cuv Office, 636 B|-._y ~ .' 'J:' r y
« Market st., S.F TTOmrrl : ' '-
— __- 1
Fashionable
Vendorne.
Refined and cultured people follow-
ing in fashion's lead find Hotel Ven-
dorne a delightful resort. The large
music hall, with polished floors, is
often the scene of fashionable gather-
ings. The adjoining banquet room is
elegantly appointed and decorated with
exquisite taste. Headquarters for Lick
Observatory visitors. S _ nd for booklet.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager,
| San Jose, Cal.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY *M HOURS
. from San Francisco and but - miles' stag-
ing- waters noted for medicinal virtues: best
natural bath In State; swimming and boating;
prand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door; photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mail and express: FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only *_, li). Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $12 a
week References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OPEN FOR THE SEASON APRIL I. AM-
pie accommodations In Hotel; also in new
cottages. Just completed.
MRS. f\. T. -VIOORf-E.
■•> -..' BELVEDERE.
1 —
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa County. Cal. 26 miles
west of Williams and 22 miles east of Lower
Lake. Stages leave Williams for the Springs.
Will cure rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
any skin disease, neuralgia, liver complaint,
paralysis, dvspepsla. mercury ln the system,
kidney complaint and catarrh. Also- natural
mud baths. Temperature nf springs. 14.. degs.
New 2-story hotel and fine new bath-house.
• Board and lodging, including baths. $9 and $10
per week. . - -WM. OELOART. Proprietor.
SAMUEL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP.. NAPA COUNTY,
• Cat. Sure cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion,
rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
baths. These springs are located In Napa
County. 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
ls bottled at the springs and contains its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena.
_"_DiCR_n Most beautiful spot in Lake
LAnL_jD.4" County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when al.l else
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
-10 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad. Lake County, j ■
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better ln Luke Co.: gas indoors and
out. H. AM POLO.
:. . ,
JOHANMSBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACE
•In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
Veeder. 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. SO to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERG
RESORT. Onkville. Napa County. Cal.
BLUE . LAKES HOTEL.
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelll-.e manner, with one of the best
tables in the county; $10 to *12 per week. Round
trip $9 .0. S. F. and N. P. to Ukian; thence by
stage. Add less J. WILSON, Bertha, Lake
i Ccunty. Cal. '
A FEW SUMMER BOARDERS taken on a
■ fruit farm 2 miles from Callstoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cocking;
good rooms; %6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH, Callstoga, Napa Co.. Cal.
Peking and Teintsin Railway, the edict
goes on to state, has made a handsome
profit, but there will be no further con
struction of railroad lines until the Lv-
Han system has been completed. When
that is done and it has been found to
be profitable other lines will be laid
down,
Harry Burtt Held.
SUISUN, Aug. The preliminary
examination of Harry H. Burtt, who
shot Peter Olsen during a quarrel at
Birds Landing on July 16, took place
in that town to-day before Justice of
the Peace A. F. Hitchcock. District At
torney F. R. Devlin conducted the pros
ecution, while Attorney George A. La
ment appeared for the defendant. Quite
a number of witnesses were examined.
The testimony being mainly to the ef
fect that the two men got into an alter
cation over the disposal of some coal
and Burtt shot Olsen, firing four shots
at him at close range. Olsen was sup
post to be fatally wound, d at the
time, but has since nearly recovered
from the wounds he received. Burtt
was held to appear before the Superior
Court with bonds fixed at $.SOOO. Being
unable to secure bondsmen Sheriff Sav
age returned him to the County Jail,
where he will be confined awaiting
trial.
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND,
PA Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. CaL
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod
and reel angling. Fishing tournament May I
to Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY, 222 South Spring St.,
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on THOMAS COOK
& SONS. Agents, 621 Market St., San Fran-
cisco.
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET CRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLE
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information. Illustrated folders,
etc.. apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM--
PANY'S Ticket Office. 613 Market at. (Grand
Hotel).
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good:
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip. $3 75. Stags
meets morning trains and Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN. Mark West Springs. Sonoma
i Co.. Cal. City Office. 912 Larkln st.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS-Take
the 9 a. m. <5r 5:30 p. m. S. P. train
foot of Market street. Those Hot
Mineral Bath* nre eurinsr hundreds of
RHEUMATISM.
Address A. BETTENS. Mer., Byron
H«t Springs, Cal. LOMBARD &
I CO.. agts room 30. 2214 Ge-irv. S. F. 1
i
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
lr.g. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. ln the heart of the
Sierras and' surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
cause It is clean, no poison oak. no pests.
And pure air and pure water.' Address MRS
11. M. CLEMONS. .Independence Lake.
PLANTATION • HOUSE.
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO, ON
stage line. Good. trout fishing, plenty fruit,
i cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
j LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County,
or apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st., S. F.. for
particulars.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
I In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
! San Francisco. Table under personal care of
j MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietor.
VfiCFIMITF San Francisco to Chl-
I I_IOI-._"M !____.• nese by railway.
! Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 mile*
i to Yosemlte Valley. Round trip *32. Stngls
far- in either direction. Hi J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery .t..San Francisco.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORT", nt 3SSS
Ing spot; rest, health: perfect atmosphere: train
to Martinez, stage to -hotel. Office 630 Market.
MANZ'ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Mnnzpnlta Villa. |
.
...DO NOT***
Be WithDUt
"THE CALL"
During: Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Tin Call" visiting th?
country, seaside cr springs during; tho Sum-
; mar months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying; for sam>
at the Business Office or by order through
l carrier.
...TERMS... w
15 Cents -...per Week
65 Cents per* Month
POSTAGE PREPAID.
I __=_
56
THURSDAY : . '. • • AUG UST io, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. •'
"Address' All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
FtBUCATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. $. F
Telephone Main ISCS.
_. DITORIAL ROOMS... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874. !
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms L.v Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year *!!'!.''
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months *.«U
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 3 months .... l.uO |
DAILT CALI-— Ry Single Month , • ~*
SUNDAT CALL One Tear _'?___]
WEEKLY CALL One Tear _.»*» |
All postmasters are authorized to rocoiv.- •=crlptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway .
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Fairy Godmother."
Columbia— "Brother Officers."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. ' __ • - . _»_.__—_
Orpheum-Our Heroes' Fund Benefit, Thursday afternoon.
Augu.t 17.
Tivoli— "Faust."
Alcazar— "The I-ady of Lyons."
Grand Opera House "Falka."
Sherman-Clay Hall— Concert this evening.
Chutes. Zoo and Free Theater-Vaudeville every afternoon
and evenlns. _ , ,_,_„ .
olyn corner Mason and Kills streets-Specialties.
Sutrn Baths— Swimming Races, etc. ■ .
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderl_ck-Tl.ls~d_T. at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
K£ Von 2 Rhe!nl C^-This clay, at 12 o'clock. Real Estate,
at 513 California -'■--'. _____-_-_—— _-_—— —_-——
VOLUNTEERS' Df.Y.
WHEREVER it may be discussed an assent al
most universal is given to the proposal that the
day of the reception of" the California volun
teers be made a public holiday. Hardly a dissenting
voice can be heard. It is the popular demand oi the
time. All classes unite in it. ' :\
Extensive preparations are now under way for j
making the reception one of the most brilliant festi- _
vals known to our annals. All classes of people ■
young or old. have a natural desire to take part and
share" in the welcome and in the festivities. Thou-;
•ands of them, however, will be. unable to do so unless j
business is suspended and the day set apart as a pub
lic holiday. Without a general closing up of shops ■
and places of business the working men and 'women
who make up the great mass of the population will
not have the full freedom enjoyed by others in wel- |
coming the volunteers and sharing in the joys of the ,
occasion.
California can well afford a holiday for such a pur
pose. We are not an idle people, and but little of our
time is given to purposes of recreation. . One more
added to the legal holidays of this year .will be no
loss to industry nor to wealth. It will entail no in
convenience to any business or trade. Even if the
legal holiday be not proclaimed th. people will be too
much occupied with the reception to attend to the
ordinary routine of work. From every point of view,
therefore, it will be better to frankly meet the popu
lar demand and make the holiday free for all.
In this connection it may be noted all indications
now point to the conclusion that the reception will
be made altogether the most brilliant and impressive
accorded to the volunteers of any State on
their return home. The committee in charge has
made preparations on an extensive scale, and as a
rule the people are responding cordially to the appeals
for contributions to the reception fund. To that fund.
F.deed, all should contribute. Let the subscriptions
be liberal and prompt We are to have a holiday. in
which all can share, and therefore all should in pro
portion to their means assist in making^ it successful
in every respect.
PEOPLE WHO TfILK TOO MUCH-
COMMANDER P. S. ST. JOHN, R. X . of
H. B. M. S. Peacock, is reported to have said j
on board R. M. S. Empress: "General Otis:
is a illy old fool- -an old woman— utterly incompe
tent to manage the campaign which confronts him
in the Philippines, and at least 5000 brave and coura- j
gcous fellows have been sacrificed by his utter in
competency."
If that report be true then Commander St. John
must be added to the lengthening list of dignitaries j
who in these later days have been talking too much |
and too recklessly. hen Captain Cognlan turned
loose his tongue to lash the Germans we pardoned
him because he is our captain and he was lashing a
foreigner. With St. John it is different. He is a for- •
eigner and his fool tongue has been turned against j
one of us. What in Coghlan was but a choleric word
is in St. John rank blasphemy.
There lias been something like an epidemic of fool
talk from high tongues ever since the craze of Anglo- j
Saxon fraternization set in over the dinner parties of j.
New York and London. Even our Embassador at j
the Court of St. James, that master of diplomacy and
after-dinner rhetoric, the gifted Joseph Choate, has
been known to speak not wisely but too often under
the influence of that exuberant spirit of international I
fraternity, and as for the tongues of lesser eloquence |
that have slopped over in babbling, their name is \
legion.
It is right and fitting for the American people to
lambaste Otis when they will and as much as they will. •
We" have got into a bad scrape in the Philippines, and !
a scapegoat is needed. Aguinaldo will neither fight j
nor surrender, the jungles refuse to disperse, the '
rainy season will not stay away from the islands, our
troops after a glorious walkover march are always
compelled to walk back, and somebody must be held
responsible. Otis is in the right position for a gen
eral la* .basting and none can question our privilege
to give it to him. A nation is not like a railroad com
pany, and when one of its well regulated trains meets •
a smash-up it. does not attribute the accident to Provi
dence but condemns the engineer and demands his
...... ....
hide. . . .
Our freedom to condemn and to punish com-,
manding officer in the Philippines because the. course
of imperialism does not run smooth is, however, not I
to be conceded to foreigners. The captains of i
Britannic Peacocks have -no right to spread a lurid
tail of criticism across .the fame of an American
officer. There be limits to the privileges born of fra- j
ternity and imperial sympathies, and by exceeding j
those" limits P. S. St. John. R. X., of H. B. M. S.
Peacock, on board R. M. S." Empress, has shown !
himself to be as many kinds of an ass as there are '
initials in the names and titles of himself, his ship
and the steamer on which he did the talking.
It is to be noted, however, that this condemnation
will not count nor stand if it be shown that the com- i
mander did his talking in private conversation over j
a modicum of fraternizing spirits. .
GOGE OND BURNS REPUDIATED.
rROM the results of the primaries lessons cad 4*
drawn affecting State as well as municipal poli
tics, and one of these is of too much importance
to be overlooked. It is a lesson which teaches how
fully -and how emphatically the Republicans^ of San
Francisco repudiate the bosses who with Governor
Gage sought to elect Dan Burns to the United States
Senate.
During the session of the Legislature every Repub
lican member of the San Francisco delegation, with
but one exception, supported Burns. They were the
creatures of Kelly and Crimmins, and the two saloon
bosses were in Sacramento holding their push for
Burns and aiding Gage in trying to bring about hi,
election.
The primary election- afforded for the first time in
opportunity for Republicans of this city to manifest
their sentiment on the issue. There was a Kelly and
Crimmins ticket in the field. The Burns and Gage
push was behind it. All the San . Francisco legis
lators who voted for Burns were behind it. The
voters of the party knew those facts. They saw their
opportunity and seized it. The vote against the
bosses was overwhelming. The Kelly and Crimmins
ticket was beaten two to one.
The meaning of such a repudiation of the men
who were leaders in the effort to elect Burns to the
United States Senate cannot be mistaken. It signi
fies the repudiation of Burns as well as of the saloon
bosses who with Gage are his most potent allies.
It cannot be doubted that Republicans in ever/
part of the State would with .equal vigor repudiate
Burns if an opportunity were afforded them to do so.
Gage has openly threatened to appoint Burns to the
Senate if there should be any chance the appoint
ment would be recognized by the Senate. He has
now learned what the Republicans of San Francisco
think of the threat. That much the primaries have
made clear to the push as well as to the people.
It does not follow that Collector of the Port Jack
son is a bird because he has been so successful in
feathering his own nest.
THE OREGON BOYS.
OREGON has good reason to be proud of her
boys. San Francisco can and does bear wit
ness to their worth. During their stay in this
: city they won golden opinions from all sorts of .peo
i pie, and now that they have returned to their homes
\\c send after them the best of good wishes and the
': fullest praise for their conduct not only white in the
i service but during the brief stay they made with us |
, after being mustered out.
The straightforward conduct of the Oregons while
: i:i the service may have been due to the effectiveness
j of their discipline as soldiers, but their orderly course
! after being mustered out and paid off, exposed as they
| were to the full temptations which a large city
; offers to young men away from home, can be attrib-
I uted only to a natural nobility of character and a care
! ful home training. Oregon's volunteers, therefore,
i have borne witness not only to the patriotic valor of
i the State but to the sterling excellence of its virtue and
i the high standard of manhood inculcated in its house
| holds.
Some fears have been felt in this city that the -dis
j banding here of all the volunteers on their arrival from
! the Philippines would result in turning loose upon
'the community a large number of idle men who in-
I stead of going home would remain here to spend
i their money and thus in the end add to the unem
: ployed and probably to the dissolute idle class of- the
j city. It any such fears were ever felt, concerning the
'. Oregon men they have been dissipated. All the
j members of that regiment stood as steadfast by their
j colors after being mustered out as before, and in a
I body they left us to return to the welcome that awaits
' them at home.
The course taken by the sons of our sister State
i is another illustration of the superior character of the
I men who make up the volunteer armies that respond
' to the call of the Union. The men who are first to rally
; for the flag when war breaks out are not the vagrant
idlers and tramps of trie cities and the countryside, i
j They are the earnest young manhood of the nation.
i They fight for love of country and not for a mere love J
•of adventure. Their hearts are with their homes as
j well as with the banners of their regiments, and as !
I soon as they have accomplished through war an hon
; ( rable peace with victory they gladly lay down their
j arms, and return modestly to the work they left un
finished in their offices, their shops and their farms.
Oregon, we repeat, can welcome her boys:, with a
' just pride. They have reflected honor upon her in
'• peace as in war, out of service as well as in it. They
I were good soldiers in the Philippines, good men in
; San Francisco, and gentlemen at all times. They
I have been faithful to the best aspirations of Oregon
! homes, and merit every honor the proud State they
| love can bestow upon them.
— __—■ ■— ■_■___■— _ — * •
1 The Shamrock has had to be towed a good part of
; the way across the ocean, and she may have to be
j towed out of the race before the end comes.
THE PARCELS POST.
BY reason of the good results of the parcels post
between the United States and various countries
of South America, Mexico and the West In
dies, a strong desire has arisen in ' the commercial
cities of the East for an extension of the system to all
countries with which we have any considerable
dealings.
In reviewing the subject the New York Tribune
points out that while in dealing with the ' countries
with which we have a low parcels post rate we are on
equal terms with Great Britain, yet when it comes to
the larger commercial countries of the world we arc
at a disadvantage. It says: "For carrying a two
pound package the postage to Australia and New
Zealand is 36 cents English and 95 cents American.
'I'm Hongkong the. rates are respectively 32 and 95
cents; to Cape Town, 36 cents and $1 25; to Berlin,
24 and 70 cents; to Paris, 32 and 75 cents; to Brussels,
30 and 95 cent.-, and to Milan, 40 cents and $1 15. So
it is seen that the American rate is from 120 to 250
per cent higher- than the English, and. unfortunately,
foreign express rates on small packages are not such
as to compensate for the postal deficiencies."
The need of a cheap rate of postage for foreign
parcels is unquestionable, but the agitation for it
should 'be made to include a cheap parcels post for
domestic as well as for foreign service. At the pres
ent time a three-pound package can be sent to
Colombia for 36 cents, and an eleven-pound package
costs $1 32. If the Government can carry such par
cels at those prices to foreign countries, why should
it not carry equally large parcels for the domestic
business of our own country?
The Tribune says: "Sentiment here has generally
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1399.
been in favor of giving the largest scope to private en
j terprise and setting the Government at no work which
VTDfiid*be .otherwise performed. The express com
■ panics, having taken into their own hands the small
I parcels business while the letter postage system was
I yet in its infancy, did the work so well, so much better
I than any similar service is performed in Europe, that
, there has been little disposition to cut their business
: in two by diverting the small parcels traffic to the
postoffice."
That statement may be true of past conditions, but
it is not true of conditions now. The express com
: panics no longer give satisfaction in the carrying of
small parcels. On the contrary, from one side of the
country to the other there is complaint against them.
They are extortionate; they discriminate against small
shippers to the unjust advantage of richer rivals: they
shirk taxes, and in many other ways carry on their
] business in a manner injurious to the community.
The Government, for the convenience of the pub
lic, took out -of the hands of bankers the work of
transmitting small sums of money from one part of
the- country to the other and conferred an immense
benefit upon the people by .the establishment of a
money order department of the postal service. It
i might now with an equal wisdom extend the opera
' tion of the parcels post and make it as useful within,
| the United States as for the foreign countries, and
• thus derive a profit from a traffic now in the hands of
j corporations that shirk even the slight taxes laid upon
: them for the needs of the nation in time of war.
THE FORESTS AND THE SOIL
A A R. JAMES McLEAN has addressed to Sec- j
' / \ retary Wilson an open letter containing aj
* considerable amount of information gathered !
om virions sources concerning the effects in Gali- j
lee, Russia, and elsewhere of the destruction' of for- j
ests". The subject is one of vast concern to the peo- |
ple of the United States, for our own forests have now
been destroyed to the danger limit, and it is well that
intelligent men should give heed to what the inevit
able consequences will be.
The ruin of Galilee occurred so long ago it is dif
j ficult to impress men of our time with the lesson it j
: teaches. The steady sweep of desolation over the
j plains of Russia, however, is going on in our own
time, and even the most heedless can hardly be inat
tentive to it.
Famine follows famine with alarming rapidity in
I parts of Russia which were once fertile and flourish- i
ing, and the cause is the blight brought about by the
destruction of forests. Mr. McLean quotes from a
writer upon the "Penury of Russia." in the Edin
burgh Review, the following impressive statement of \
■ the cause of the penury:
"Owing to the destruction of the forests the rivers
I are drying up, and the eastern part of the country is
literally being sanded up. The ruthless forest.de
. struction which has been going on for a long time
: has had a serious effect in reducing the average rain- j
fall. The belts of wood attracted and held ' the
: moisture, which was slowly distributed for the bene
fit of agriculture; now, - in vast regions, as, for -in
stance, on the black soil, there is hardly a tree to be !
seen.* and the consequence is that- the underground
rivulets which nourished the soil have disappeared.
The forests also broke the force of the fierce east
.desert winds. Now these winds, piercingly cold in
winter and scorchingly hot in summer, burst with
full fury on the great plains. In summer'thcir blasts
are capable of withering the corn in a few day-, and
with them come sandstorms which turn fertile, land j
into permanent deserts. The unfortunate experience j
of Central Asia, which once was a garden of fertility '
and now is a desert peopled by nomads only, is re- j
peating itself."
It is a hard saying to predict that the bountiful !
and profuse soil of California may yet be as desolate
as the once fertile plain- of Central Asia, and yet it
is certain such fate will befall them if the wasting of i
■■ the forests goes on in the future as in the/ past. We
destroy forests much more rapidly than the people :
of any other country, or of any other, age, for we
have brought to the work a host of mechanical inven
tions to aid in the cutting and the wasting. More- j
over, we are perhaps more careless and reckless in
starting forest fires than any other people. As a con
sequence, the desolation which ages were required to
bring about in Russia may be wrought in California j
within two or three generations.
It is indeed impossible to overestimate the value
of forests, for without them no land is tit for human i
habitation! American intelligence is heeded! to put
1 a check upon American waste, greed and careless- i
ness in the destruction of woods. If that check be i
! not applied with sufficient promptness and with suffi
cient force, the future of this country will be a repe
tition of what is now going on in Russia. There will
be penury and families for a time, then the stricken
populations will move away, and over vast regions
of this country, as in Central Asia, there will be no I
human habitations except the tents of the nomadic i
i tribes that wander from place to place in search of :
| water and pasture.
rROM the New York Times we learn that a good
many postmasters in the East have failed to
notify persons seeking to mail packages to the
Yukon district that such mail cannot be carried, and
accordingly Third Assistant Postmaster General Mad
den has found it necessary to issue an order calling
the attention of postmasters throughout the country
to the fact that while letters and postal cards can be
sent through the mails to the Yukon territory, there
is no way .by which parcels or third or fourth class
mail of any kind can be forwarded.
It is desirable to have this matter understood by
the public as well as by the postmasters, as a con
siderable number of persons address parcels of third
or fourth class mail to points along the Yukon and
drop them in the mail boxes without consulting the
postoffice officials on the subject.
There would be little complaint against the Govern
ment for not carrying third and fourth class mail if
it would carry letters with due diligence and care,
but it docs not. The failure of the mail service
throughout the Yukon region -has been a disgrace to
both the United States and Canada. Men- and even
women having but scanty outfits have made the jour
ney in arfd out across the passes from Dyea and
Skaguay'to Dawson at all seasons and during all
months of the year.- and yet the mail contractors
have been permitted to neglect their work in every
thing except drawing down •the money that should
not have been paid them. .
The whole Yukon -district has .now. become the
scene of considerable industria' and commercial ac
tivity. Thousands of people arc there and thousands
in every part of the United States have large interests
there. It is therefore a duty on the part of the Gov
ernment to supply that country with an adequate mail
service. •Where private citizens, many of them far
from rich, can carry in tons of food and heavy im
plements-and machinery it ought to be possible for
Governments so powerful as those, of the United
States and Canada to carry a few mail bags full of let
ters and postal cards
MAIL FOR THE YUKQN.
AN AUTOMOBILE ELEPHANT
CLEANS THE STREETS OF CHICAGO
It Runs by Electricity and Picks Up the Dirt With- Its
Trunk.
CHICAGO has a very odd sort of street cleaner. It ls an elephant— not a flesh
and blood affair but an automobile animal.
It looks just like the real creature, though, and It ambles about the
streets picking up papers, sticks and other debris, trumpeting with apparent
delight when doing the hardest and most uncleanly labor, says the New York
Journal. ' •■■'■■■ - - ... ...
Tony Gronendyke, a Chicago electrician and inventive genius, has built this
remarkable automobile animal. He is now' engaged in testing his elephant for the
Chicago Street Cleaning Department
The flrst Idea of the inventor was to perfect a machine that would pick up
and carry away the paper, sticks and general debris that collect in the streets,
and the test mad.- a week ago in Ashland avenue, Chicago, was as good as a
circus performance. - -
The battery and machinery by which the elephant was propelled, as well as
the apparatus "by which it was able to do the most astonishing things, are hidden
away behind the dull sides of the monster machine, that is made entirely of steel,
colored to resemble the hide of the animaL
The work is performed entirely by the trunk, which is made by hundreds of
steel hands linked together, giving it a strength and suppleness equal if not su
perior to the proboscis of the living animal. Within the head is a great auto
matic bellows. When the engineer, who sits in the saddle, or howdah, sees a
piece of paper, a stone or stick in the street he pulls one of the small handles
that are ranged around the howdah and the proboscis swings out toward the
obieet This sets the bellows In action, a suction is created which sweeps the
obstacle into the mouth of the trunk and carries it into the interior of the ele
phant, where lt is deposited. , ._,___, _, _v
Touching another handle, the apparatus is reset, the trunk folds up under the
tusks and everything is ready for a second attack. It is astonishing how rapidly
articles are picked up under the skillful manipulation of the engineer.
The street for two blocks was cleaned thoroughly in exactly seventeen min
utes and thirty-eight seconds. The engineer then ran the elephant three miles
west where the accumulation was dumped on a vacant lot and burned, those who
had been Invited to witness the test following as best they could on their bicycles.
The dumping process is very simple and is all done by the engineer from his
place in the howdah. A slight pull on one of the little handles and the whole
[owe part of the elephant swings open and the load of paper, sticks and stones
falls to the ground The elephant is then made to rear up on his hind feet, swing
around clear of the debris and then,. settling down again on all fours, he goes
rocking away at whatever speed the engineer desires. *.:.■
When at work the elephant makes scarcely any noise, but moves silently and
gracefully wherever the engineer wishes him to go. When he is filled to his
capacity 'he trumpets automatically.
THE LITTLE BpOWf. pi/\N
With a rag around his middle
An' a basket on bis head.
An' a mess o' rice for dinner.
An' a scrap o' mat for bed,
An' a yaller cigareeto
For to puff away his care.
He has all— an' he has nothin' —
Like a bloomin' millionaire.
lie's a cross between a Tagal
An' a Malay an' a don
Such a redhot mixture, demme,
Isn't found the world upon;
An' his vices, which are many.
Bear the old-time Spanish brand,
An' his virtues; where're any?
Most explode as they expand.
But he's generous an' pollteful
In his house o" leaves an' twigs;
He's fond o' shows an' music
An' o' playln' lottery gigs;
In religion he's a Christian.
Tho' he holds a private view
That his little wooden idols
Also knows a thing or two.
He's a jolly little beggar
If you only take him right,
An* there is no doubt whatever
He's a good 'un In a fight;
With a hop an' skip advancln',
'Twas a sight to see his jags
Shootin' oft his bows an' arrers
'Gainst the Maxims an' the KragS.
So te easy with him; let us.
Kind o' heart and calm 0* brain.
Think o' what the poor cuss suffered
From three hundred years of Spain.
Lift him. teach him an' befriend him.
An' perhaps some future day
He will march brigaded with us
At the carvln' o' Cathay- -i,--,-
BRI VATE WILL STOKES.
THANKS FOR THE CALL.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: The
San Francisco Turn Verein wishes to ex
tend to you Its sincere thanks for the
valuable assistance rendered us through
your paper in making the Turn Festival
just held such a pronounced success. Very
respectfully yours, the committee on ar
rangements.- .—._-_.,
F. ATTINGER. Chairman.
JOHN SIMMEN, Secretary.
San Francisco, August 7.
BEADY FOR THE CEMETERY.
Marysvllle Appeal.
The Monarch of the Dallies should fol
low up its Receiving Hospital with an
"Examiner Cemetery," where its victims
of misplaced confidence might find decent
burial. .;■
—__■____ ■
AROUND THE
.' CORRIDORS"
G. W. Meg^ath of Omaha is at the
Palace. • . ' .•;. ;
Dr. F. G. Fay of Sacramento Is a guest
at the Grand. ,
Lieutenant Commander N. S. Hughes,
U. S. N.. is at the California.
J. H. "Walker, son of the Salt Lake
| banker, la a guest at' the Palace.
T. S. Phelps Jr., U. S. N,. is one of the
late naval arrivals at the Palace.
Alex Brown of the State Board of
Equalization is in San Francisco.
Dr. E. B. Robertson of Jackson is one
of yesterday's arrivals at the Russ.
I. F. Moulton, the Colusa capitalist and
millionaire, is registered at the I.iok.
.■XV. D. Keyser, a merchant of Hopland,
Is among the late arrivals at the Russ.
Collin H. Ball of the Twentieth Kansas
Regiment is a guest at the Occidental.
Dr. G. W. Sims. D. S. A., was one of
yesterday's army arrivals at the Occi
dental, v'
Judge E. XV. Churchill has .come down
from Napa and is staying at the Occi
dental.
Henry Tupper, a well-known and popu
lar attorney of Fresno, is registered at
the Lick. •
' XV. R. "Newlon, a capitalist of Pacific ;
Grove, is among the recent arrivals at !
the Grand.
Judge E. C. Hart has come down from
his home in Sacramento and is a guest at
the Grand. '•■_:. '.•.*-:■
Judge J. W. Mahon of Bakersfleld ar- j
; rived in the city yesterday and registered !
|at the Lick. . -7
H. D. Chandler, a wealthy fruit grower
of Vacavllle, Is among the late arrivals j
at the Lick.
H. P. Shepard. a traveler from Cape
Colony, Is at the Palace, where he arrived
last evening. " sv ■»■ ?
J. C. Chatterjl, the famous Bramacliar
lan from India, is a guest at the Grand,
where he arrived last evening from the
East. '."..-■' ">" '
Dr. Burke, one of the leading and most
prominent physicians of Albany. N. ST.,
Is a guest at the Occidental, where he ar
rived yesterday.
V. Vezzetti, one of the leading mer
chants of Los Angeles, is among the late
arrivals at the Palace.
W. B. McCubbin, a wealthy Klondiker,
is one of those who arrived in the city
yesterday and registered at the Grand.
George E. Housker, a wealthy mining
man of Sacramento, is registered at the
Grand with his wife. He comes on a short
business trip and will remain in the city
only a few days.
Emanuel Elzas. the popular young busi
ness man, who has also been connected
with journalism in this city, sailed last
evening for Sydney, Australia.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento, sec
retary of the Republican State Central
Committee, was in the city yesterday. He
is convalescing after a long siege of sick
ness and will return to Sacramento next
month.
Vice President Crocker of the Southern
Pacific Company left yesterday for a trip
of inspection over the new coast line.
Mr. Crocker will pay particular attention
to the work now being done on the gap
from Surf to Elwood.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. 9.— J. S. Virden of
San Francisco is at the Normandie. W.
A. Kidwell of Oakland is at the St.
James. James 11. Waller and wife of
San Francisco are at the Wellington.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
RED CROSS NURSES— R. D.. City. The
Government is not engaging Red Cross i
nurses at this time for Manila.
HEAVY ARTILLERY— A. r.. City.
This department is informed that the ;
several batteries of the Heavy Artillery
(California) left with the California Regi- i
ment of Infantry.
ELECTRICIAN IN THE XAVY-W. |
M., City. If you desire a position as .
electrician In the United States navy, ;
file an application with' the Recorder of
the Bureau of Employment at Mare Isl
and.
THE AUTHOR— G. S. H., City. A '
friend of this department furnishes the j
information that the lines commencing
"There through the long summer hours •
The golden light should lie,"
are from the third stanza of "June," by ■
William Cullen Bryant and to be found \
in any good edition of his poems.
WAIFS— A. B. C, Westslde, Cal. There I
are orphan asylums in San Francisco and i
also homes where infants are left, out of
which a reliable person can adopt an in- I
fant. There is the Protestant Orphan
'Asylum, the Roman Catholic Orphan I
Asylum and the J-lebrew Orphan Asylum.
A letter addressed to the superintendent '
of either will bring forth a response as
to requirement for adoption.
SAN FRANCISCO AND ST. LOUIS— j
Subscriber', City. According to the esti- I
mates of Mayors of the principal cities in '
the LTnited States, on the last day of De- |
cember, IS9S, the population of San Fran- i
Cisco was given as 350,000, while that of St. j
Louis was given as 638,577. St. Louis is a '
port of delivery, and since 1575 has been I
a jurisdiction separate from St. Louis
County. It has a city charter of its own j
This department cannot inform you what '
your friend means, by "a scheming charter !
of its own."
BOYS IX COURTS— E. 1.. 1... Oakland.
A Police Court is certainly not a place
that should be visited by young boys, for
attendance in such places is not "calcu
lated, from the character of testimony
given in criminal trials to improve their
morals; and if an officer in charge of such
a court ordered two boys 10 years of age
out of the courtroom while the court was
in session he did perfectly ri~ht and ought
to be commended instead of censured for
such an act. if they were to be witnesses
in a case their place was in the waiting
room until called Into court to give tes
timony.
FOREIGN POSTAGE— XV.. Philo, Cal.
Mail" matter for Hawaii, Cuba, Porto Rico
and United States possessions in" the
Philippines, if addressed to a person in
the service of the United States, should
be prepaid at domestic rates, and at pos
tal union rates if addressed to other per
sons.
Articles for or from a foreign country
(except Canada and "Mexico)' are not by
the postal authorities known as first
class, second class, etc., but are classified
as letters, postal cards, newspapers and
other printed matter, commercial or busi
ness papers and samples and merchand
ise. Periodicals fur foreign countries (ex
cept Canada and Mexico), whether trans
ient or for regular subscribers, .are re
quired to be prepaid with postage stamps
at the rate applicable to printed matter
for those countries. gggma
A MUTINY ON
THE SHIP FALLS
OF HALLADALE
Outbreak Quelled by
Captain Fordyce.
. — « —
THE MOANA AND GAELIC SAIL
A Carriage for King George of
Tonga's Bride— Ships Florence
and Elwell Arrive from x
Australia.
Captain William Fordyce of the British
ship Falls of Halladale, which left here
for Taeoma in March last to load lumber
for Cape Town, had a lively voyage of it
to South Africa. The ship is now in
Delagoa Bay, discharging, and in a let
ter received in this city yesterday Cap
tain Fordyce tells of his experence. While
the Falls of Halladale was being towed
to sea the crew mutinied. Men were
scarce at Taeoma and they had been put
aboard by the boarding masters with the
understanding that they were to be taken
off again before the ship sailed. They
went before the captain in a body and
swore they had been shanghaied. The
ship was then under .way, and as the
captain would not pay any heed to their
complaint the men refused to work. Cap
tain Fordyce did not argue the point
with the men, but going below armed
himself with two revolvers. For five
hours he paced the deck with one of these
in each hand, and finally got sail on the
After the tug had cast off the Falls of
Halladale and the vessel was well clear
of Cape Flattery the men went to work
without a murmur. The next accident
happened to the mate. A big sea washed
him into the scuppers, breaking his col
larbone and dislocating his shoulder.
Then four of the crew were laid up and
a succession of gales kept the rest of the
men on deck night and day. In spue of
all this the run was made to tape town
in the splendid time of ninety days. From
South Africa the Falls of Halladale will
go to Australia and then come to this
port withm load of coal. ' _-_-__«
The steamer Gaelic left for the Orient
yesterday afternoon at 1 o'clock sharp,
and the Moana sailed for Australia
shortly before midnight.- Both vessels
stop at Honolulu and there will prob
j ably be a test of speed on the way down.
! The Gaelic is a fast steameY but the
! Moana has never been thoroughly tested.
I She is in flrst-class condition, and Chief
Stevedore Olsen sent her away in splen-
I did trim for making good time. Captain
Carey dots not expect to make up the
: Gaelic's lead, but he does expect to beat
I her time to Honolulu. .
The Moana took away an unusually
' heavy cargo. In it were books, boots and
i shoes canned goods of all kinds, bicycles,
fre«h'and dried fruit, machinery, brooms
! and broom corn and a carriage and a case
of books for King George of Tonga. His
•Majesty has lately taken unto himself a
wife, and the books and carriage are
probably a present for his consort. Be
i sides all these goods, the Moana had on
'. board over 10,000 cases of onions. At this
time of the year onions are very scarce in
Australia and New Zealand, so it pays
i well to ship them from here.
Among the passengers who went away
on the Moana was Lieutenant Philip An
drews, U. S. N. He is going to Honolulu
i to marry Miss Clara Fuller, daughter of
Captain Fuller, harbor master of Hono
lulu. Lieutenant and Mrs. Andrews will
return to San Francisco on the Alameda.
The Gaelic took away quite a number of
i passengers. Among them was Mr. Nugent
i and wife. Just before sailing time the
I friends of the couple sent them down a
| beautiful floral piece. It was a represen-
I tation of the Gaelic made with flowers
1 and ferns and was an excellent likeness
of the steamer.
The Harbor Hospital will in future be
run by Drs. yon der Lieth, Himmelsbach.
Niemeyer and Cherry, and Misses Turner
and Shelton will continue to act as nurses.
! For the time being the ambulance will
■ remain at the hospital and Messrs. Lily
and Kelly will continue as drivers. A
more competent staff than this could not
j be found in California, and it is a pity the
city cannot see its way to putting the
I Institution on a paying basis. An emer
gency hospital is a necessity on the water
front and great credit is due the physi
cians and nurses for keeping the place
open.
The ships -Florence and Elwell arrived
from Newcastle. N. S. W., yesterday.
I Both vessels made the run to the equator
In thirty days, but the Florence crossed
It in longitude 153 minutes 22 seconds west
and made 'the run to port in sixty-four
days, while the Elwell crossed it in 164
west and took seventy-five days to make
I the voyage. The Elwell had an uneventful
passage, while the Florence was caught in
a heavy easterly gale on June 22, which
lasted "forty-eight hours, and on June 23
was supplied with fruit and vegetables
by the natives of Crohr Island. Both
ships are -coal laden.
The Santa Fe's steamer Carlisle City
! has reached Hongkong after being ashore.
! A telegram to the Merchants' Exchange
yesterday says she was extensively dam
aged. The Carlisle City left here for Ja
: pan and China last month.
SLASHED WITH KNIVES.
.Unpleasant Experience of M. J. Barry,
a Brother of Bailiff Barry.
M. J. Barry, a brother of Bailiff Barry
of Judge' Mogan's court, had an-unpleas
ant experience at an early hour yester
day morning. He was walking home to
his" room at 23.°. O'Farrell street shortly
after 1 o'clock when he was accosted by
a young woman, who mistook him for his
brother, as they -hear a striking resem
blance -to each other. He walked along
with her for a short distance and left her.
Just as he was about to enter the Stew
art House to go to his room a young
man ran out of the doorway and slashed
him on the cheek. Two other men came
out of the doorway and one of them re
marking, "That's the fellow that .was
with the two girls in No. 19," slashed him
across the chin. . Barry was carried to his
room and a physician summoned, who at-'
tended to his wounds.
Two of the men were later identified as
William Denning, bookkeeper at the Stew
art House, and John Bechter, a surveyor,
of 511 O'Farrell street. The third was a
soldier. *
yesterday warrants were sworn out for
the arrest of the three on the charge of
assault with a deadly weapon and Den
ning was arrested yesterday afternoon.
Denning said his trouble was with Barry's
[ brother and he denied using a knife.
_-•-.
| Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
•:. ♦ «
Special information supplied dally to
! business houses and public men by the
-1 Prc-ss Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
: gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. '•
_. _-_-.
Treatise on Flowers.
Miss Alice Eastwood of the Academy
of Sciences has prepared a paper treat
ing of wild flowers, which she will read
at a meeting of the California State
Flora! Society to be held Friday even
ing in the parlors of the . Occidental
Hotel.
President I-JcKinley and his Wife
Will travel over the Northern Pacific Railway
when they visit" the famous Yellowstone Park.
They Intend viewing the new geyser th.it
spouts a tremendous stream ot boiling water
to the height of the Call building. It's a
wonderful sight. Send 6c In stamps for book
telling all about it to T. K. STATELER. Gen.
Agt.. 63S Market St.. S. F.
For a tonic for the nervous and .dyspeptic
nothing equals a little Angostura Bitters. Ths
genuine, Dr. Siegert' s. ln port or sherry. .;■!::■■_■.■
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT.
AUCTION SALE TO-DAY for
boxes and the choice seats at
the Orpheum at high noon.DOWNFALL OF THE BOSS
REGIME IN POLITICS
Republicans Administer a Sharp Rebuke
to. Gage and Burns.
Gavin McNab in Full Control of the Democratic
Works-Rainey Controlling Only* One Hun
dred Delegates in a Minority-Kelly
and Crimmins Overthrown.
The overthrow of the bosses at the
primary polls day before yesterday was
very nearly complete. The suit as given
by the revised figures is the same as that
announced in The Call yesterday morn
lng. The Republican League elects 200
and the County Committee faction elects
106 delegates to comprise -he Republican
Municipal Nominating Convention. As
the enrollment of voters in the clubs or
ganized under the auspices of the County-
Committee was almost equal to the num
ber of votes cast by the party last Tues
day, therp can be no doubt that many of
The Republicans so enrolled voted accord
ing to their individual judgment as to the
merit of the tickets presented. The party
lash has no terror for Republicans in a
local campaign and a boss must be gifted
with brains and tact to exercise any wide
reaching control of Republican party af
fairs. .
Crimmins and Kelly never cut much of
a figure as bosses. Since the days of
Hisgins the Republicans have had no boss
of superior strategy. Higgins possessed
managing ability equal to that displayed
by Gavin McNab in the recent campaign
for the control of the Democratic works,
lie gained • the confidence of the party
leaders and gave the orators counsel a_3
t-"> the line of policy to be followed in
public speaking.
Republicans of the Central League — the
followers of Henry T. Scott and Z. U.
L»'idge — whose work in the overthrow of
Crimmins and Kelly was so well done,
must soon accept new responsibilities. They
will be charged with the duty of selecting
a county committee for the government of
the party, and when that* work is done
they will tie the regulars.
Tne people expect that the convention
chosen under the auspices of the Repub
lic..:! League will put forward the best
men ever nominated for office in San
Fran Cisco. The man at the head of the
ticket — the nominee for Mayor — should be
able in bring all Republicans into line.
There is a strong current of sentiment
in the Central Republican League in
favor of Horace Davis for Mayor. Mr.
Davis is recommended by his friends as
a man of exemplary character, a citizen
t: recognized prominence, a man clean in
public ar.d private life. The convention
may not bestow the nomination on Mr.
Davis, but it should nominate a man of
his type— a citizen above reproach. At
the outset it may be stated that The Call
has no candidate.' It has no favors to
. ask of the convention of any political
party; and will not support a boss-tainted
or railroad-programmed nominee even if
such a man should _ be nominated by one
or aU of the conventions, lt has no more
respect for a be-ss in the yellow building
than for a boss in the barroom. In the
overthrow of the boss regime the Re
publicans of Son Francisco administered
a sharp rebuke to Governor Gage. It is
a fact known to all that Kelly and ■ 'rim
mins and their coterie were out and out
supporters of Burns for the United States
Senate at Sacramento during the entire
session of the Legislature. It is a fact
also significant that Henry' T. Scott,
president of the league which downed the
bosses, is a brother of If ving M- Scott,
who was a candidate for the United
States Senate in opposition to Burns.
Last Tuesday, was the first opportunity
s-ince then of the Republicans of San
Francisco to express their opinion of
bosses, and they expressed it in a fashion
which should convince the Governor that
fcos=es and bo^s methods will not be tol
erated hy the party.
The Democratic besses were badly de
moralized by the election last Tuesday.
Buckley, as well as the Rainey-Examiner
combine, was swamped. The Bulletin,
which champions the cause of Mayor
Pr.Man and Gavin McNab, thus comments
en the plight of the Examiner:
"The Examiner formed a combination
with R.iiney and also lost. The stable
boss, encouraged and shielded by the Ex
aminer, was beaten nearly three to one
by the blind boss, fought by the Ex
aminer."
R.iiney is disfigured, but in the parlance
of the prize fighter is "still in the ring:."
He controls Vif delegates in the Demo
cratic convention-elect ar.d will be- able
to protect the Fire Department and Fome
of his fric-r.ds and political associates.
Mere than two-thirds of the delegates
elect, however, acknowledge .".liegiar.ce to
the Committee of On" .Hundred and rec
ognize the superior leadershio of Gavin
McNab. Henceforth Mr. McNab will di
rect affairs in the Democratic house-hold.
His advice will be sought and his counsel
accepted in the seiecticn of a county com
mittee to govern party affairs. lie did
not go to ------ in the recent primary
election, but sat in his office in the Mills
buildir.g and planned the campaign which
resulted so disastrously to ua'ney and
the -Examiner. He did hot for an instant
<":oubt the result of the battle. When
Buckley was most confident ar.d the Rai
ney_-E_caminer league most active and ar
rogant Mr. McNab put his trust in the
honest judgment of the people belonging
to tbe Democratic party and predicted
the success of the ticket purported by the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HALF BUND FB_„.
ECZEMA
Three Children Afflicted. Whole
Bodies and Faces Sore, Raw
and Bloody Mass.
Tried Doctor after Doctor for
20 Months Without Slightest
Relief. Crying Constantly.
Couldn't Sleep. Tried CUTICURA.
First Application Gave Relief.
Cured in Fourteen Days.
My second child got cc_etna when se7en
months old. Three spontbsjater my fist child
got it, and following him, the last one.- two
years old, fell a ycAva. For twenty months
they suffered fearful agony. Their whole bod-
ies, especially their facts, -.ere so sore and
raw that little ones were blind half th©
time. No words can describe the suffering of
my second child, whose whole body was one
bloody mass. He was constantly crying, could
get no sleep, and he actually did not look hu-
man- I tried doctor after doctor, but none af-
forded the slightest relief. I decided to try
Cniccui. The first application brought re-
lief in each case, and after fourteen days'
treatment with Ccticcba Boar and Cm-'
CORA [ointment), the worst case was cared.
and the whole neighborhood is surprised at
the wonderful effect of C mer I continue
the use of Ci'Tiri Soap for the children,
because it makes the little ones look splendid.
Nov. 23, 1908. MM. ANNIE RING,
515 £. l.nh St., New York City.
In all the worlt there is no other treatment so
pure, so sweet, so speedily effective for distressing
skin bo-j.urs of infants and children as CcticCOa,
greatest of si-ln cures, blood purifiers, and hamor
remedies. A warm bath with Citic-ka Soap,
and a single anointing with CcTicoaa (olntmen.).
purest of emollient skin cur.-, Will afford Instant
relief, permit rest and sleep to both parent and
chad, and point to a speedy, permanent, and
economical cure, when all else fills.
Bold thtmgtc-t the wmrld- Pottm D. ±™Cy__g___
Bol«Prop«7lioaa>n. to Oi'j: B«Uy Bumora, free.
FACE HUftIORS and 1, «£582^ , * by
Committee of One Hundred.
The Examiner had special reasons for j
Its anxiety to control the Democratic lo- |
cal convention. The delegates comprising j
this convention will select the county com
mittee and it will be the duty of Demo
crats comprising this committee to pro
vide for the selection of delegates to
State or district conventions, upon whom
will devolve the duty of electing delegates
to the National Democratic Convention.
The Examiner desires a national delega
tion that Hearst can swing. As Gavin
McNab is in control of the works he will
no doubt give careful attention to the
duty of selecting men for the county com
mittee ir. order that untrammeled Demo
crats may be chosen to represent the
Democracy of California in the national
convent) a- Mr. McNab's health is
improving he is able to devote some of
his time to public duties.
It may be readily surmised that Mr.
McNab in handling the reins of the Dem
ocratic party . HI so direct affairs that
Mayor Phelan's ambition for a place- in
the" I'nited States Senate will receive due
consideration. That ambition cannot well
be grarfied until the Democrats elect a
majority of the Legislature.
The Citizens' Republican party, which
polled more than 3 por cent of the votes
cast at the last general election and by
reason of that party strength was per
mitted to put a ticket in the field for dele
gates to a nominating convention, polled
only 20S \*otes. lt appears that several
voters other than the nominees came to
the rescue of the party. This accounts for
the fact that the number voting slightly
exceeds the number running tor office.
The Citizens' publican party represents
the political following of ex-Boss Burns.
The People's party cast 59 votes and the
Socialist Labor party COS. The highest
vote. 20,205, was cast by the Democrats.
The Republicans polled' 11.299 vote*.
The official c.unt shows that the I wen
ty-ninth District did not give its entire
delegation to Buckle: and Rain, y. Jo
seph Piunkett and James J. Matter, on the
ticket of the Committee of one Hundred,
were -elected.
In the ------- District Gallagher's :
ticket was elected, but Gallagher himself
was snowed under. Sixteen of the candi
dates on the Hassett-Gallaghcr ticket
were elected. On the rival ticket,- man
aged by Bert Schiesinger, seven candi
dates, among them Schiesinger. were
chosen. Judge Wallace received 561 votes,
but that number was not sufficient to
elect.
A fierce battle was waged between the
Republican factions in the Forty-third
District. The loss of general officers in
the regular Republican ranks was unusu
ally heavy. Among the slain are General
R. H. Warfield and General S. \V. Pack
us. In battle it often happens that the
bravest fall the first.
The conventions to which delegates
were electrd at last Tuesday's primary
are. according to the •■>- primary law,
to be held at least thin days next pre
ceding the election. Usually it has b-=en
the custom to call county conventions
some fifty or sixty days prior to elec
tion in order to give that body plenty of
time to deliberate, and. after the con
vention has adjourned; to let the county
committee have ample time to make
changes and rectify existing errors, if
there be any.
The conventions are called at dates set j
by the chairmen of the county commit
tees of the respective parties, and. as is
the case in the coming convent Jas- j
per McDonald., chairman of the mo- .
cratic County Committee, will call the
convention which the Phelan delegates!
control, while the Republican convention
will be called by A. J. Raisch, chairman j
of the < 'rimmins county committee.
While there is no doubt hat McDonald |
THE WOMAN IN BLACK
ARRESTED FOR BURGLARY
AN HOTEL thief known as the "Woman In Black" was arrested Tues
day night at the Hotel Stewart by Policeman Joy and taken to the
City Prison, where she was pat in "the tanks." She was yesterday
booked on the charge of burglary, and pave her name as Mrs. Ray
Mills. She is the widow of a well-known newspaper man. who died
from consumption about three years ago. After his death she turned to mor
phine as a solace. for her grief, and it was to satisfy, her craving for the
drug that .the became a sneakthief.
Her thefts were first brought? to 'he attention of the police In January
last. She dressed in somber black and quietly entered one of the private
hotels .luring the dinner hour and robbed the rooms of money and jewelry.
Every effort was made by the police to capture her, and for weeks a po
liceman in plain clothes would be stationed at one of the hotels, but she was
wary and kept away. July 31 she visited the Hotel Lenox, and Attorney
Frank Kelly saw her enter.. She divined that he was watching her. and in
stead of going upstairs turned round and walked away. Kelly followed her
and jaw her enter the Florence House, on Ellis and Powell streets, where
she lived.
Monday night she visited the Hotel Stewart. Ellis and Leavenworth
streets, and after she had left one of the guests discovered that her room
had been entered and some articles stolen. Instructions were given that
on her next appearance the police should at once be notified. She returned
Tuesday night, and the elevator boy Who saw her at once telephoned to
police headquarters. No detective was on hand, but Captain Seymour sent
Policeman Joy, who arrested her as she was leaving the room of Charles L.
Gorham. who" is employed in the Mint. She had taken a purse containing a
small sura of money in Use shape of new coins, which Gorham identified.
When searched a number of skeleton keys were found in her pockets. She
was taken before Captain Seymour and pleaded to be allowed to go to her
room in the Florence House, but her request was not granted.
Policeman Joy, accompanied by Detective Ed Gibson, went to her room
and found on ton of the bureau a loaded revolver, a steel "jimmy," several
skeleton keys and several bottles of morphine. She is 35 years of
age and shows the effect of the drug upon her system. Guests in the
Hotels Stewart, Bertellng, Lenox and Pleasanton identified her in the prison
yesterday.
Lilt: SAJN ±KA_N CISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1899.
will call his convention at a satisfactory
date, there is a feeling at the Republican
Central League headquarters that Crim
mins will have his chairman set the date
for the convention at as late a date as
possible unless he is accorded some credit
with his minority.
W. S. Barnes Losing Weight.
Captain W. S. Barnes, the well-known
attorney, returned from the springs a
few days ago weighing seventy pounds
less than he did when he left here. While
at the health resort he indulged in mud
baths with great benefit to his health and
weight. During his sojourn in the coun
try he went to Tuolumne County and se
cured a verdict in a big mining suit after
a two weeks' trial. Mr. Barnes appeared
as counselor for a Mr. Emerson, who w«.s
defendant in a suit brought by a man
named Rodgers to recover valuable min
ing property. The case was tried before
Judges Nienols and GodehaUx sitting in
bank. Mr. Barnes intends taking a course
of training with a view to further reduc
ing his weight. He believes he can do so
without injury to himself. .
» ♦ . —
Young Ladies' Institute.
The following, named have been elected
officers of Branch No. 43 of the Young
Ladies' Institute recently organized- at
Stockton: Miss Julia Weber, past presi
dent; Mrs. Sadie Garvin, president; Miss
Hose Henry', first vice president: Mrs.
Mildred Trainer, second, vice president;
PRINCIPALS AND WITNESSES IN OSGCOD BIGAMY CASE.
Miss Kit i- Nunan. financial secretary':
Miss Annie O'Neill, recording secretary:
Mrs E. Tretheway; treasurer; Miss Nellie
Garvin, marshaj; Mrs. V. Archambault,
inside sentinel: Miss Kathren McLaugh
lin outside sentinel: Mrs Simpson, Mrs.
I-:. Welch. Miss Llbbie Burton, Mrs. Annie
Hannan and Mrs. Margaret man, trus
tees. Miss S. F. Conniff is the district
deputy. Rev. Father XV. B. O'Connor
spiritual director and Dr. Young physi
cian.
. — __» ■
Advances made on furniture a: i pianos, -*-:- -
or without removal. J.Noonati 1017-10-3 Mission.
TWO OF OSGOOD'S
WIVES TELL HOW
HE WOOED THEM
Blonde and Brunette
Spouses Appear.
Three of the four wives of Bigamist Os
good appeared In Judge Slogan's court
yesterday, all handsome women, doing
credit to the much-married man's taste.
Osgood started out on his reckless
matrimonial career with dashing and j
dark Nellie Kinsella. For variety's sake
he chose a blonde, Mary Bourne Winn,
for No. 2. and wound up with the hand- 1
somest of the lot. a magnificent creamy
skinned brown-eyed divorcee. Tillie Alice
Glover, whom he made No. 4. Wife No. i
and wife No. 1 were on the stand yester- ;
i day, No. 2 flashing scornful glances at
the man whose name she bore for three
short months and No. 1 beaming softly
upon him and speaking his name in
caressing tones. When the court made
the order thai all witnesses be excluded
from the room, wife No. 1 and wife No. 2
paired off together to the witness room,
while No. 4 sought seclusion in the
Judge's chambers.
Mrs. Glover, who in the parlance of the
Police Court, is known as wife No. 4. says
-. ...... . . the bigamist, that he is a
man. .-:' honor and that he will stand by
him to the end. no matter how bitter it
may be.
"it he is found guilty," she said, "the
most they can do is to send him to San
Quentln. Whet: he comes out I'll be ready
to receive him. Together we will live
down this shame, and I'll show the world
what a good woman's influence can ac
complish."
Although Mrs. Glover professes sym
pathy for the women who preceded her
in Osgood's aPfCtions, she lays all the
blame for the bigamist's miserable plight
on them. Accoiding to Mrs. Glover, Os
good was their dupe. "They were com
mon women." she said. "Osgood fell in
with them. Each in turn declared to him
thai association with him had forever
blasted their lives and happiness, and ne
in bis great noble-hearted way married
them to repair the wrong they respec
tively claimed he had done them.
"\\ hen he married me ne confessed
that never before had he met a true
woman" and my noble womanhood en
nobled him. The night he was arrested
far snatching the coat from the tailors
apprentice be had a premonition that his
many marriages wouid nnd htm out and
.... frankly revealed ail his past 111 to
me He was always kind and good and
respectful to me. Even now he doe.- not
want me to come' near the prison or pO
-■;,.,. court, for it pains him to see me In
those places. 1 cannot forget his love for
me i love him In spite of ill, and will
stand by him to the end." _._-._.,
Loretta Kinsella, sister of Osgood s
first wife, was the first witness examined,
and she testified to the marriage of her
sister Nellie to Osgood at St. Joseph's
Church on the 16th of February. IST... me ;
first marriage being proven Mrs Pran
ces Man.' Bourne "'' in of 2021 L '"
street 'the lady of the second wedding;
was allowed to testify, and she tola how
she m.n Osgood in January, I*9B. and that
after a short acquaintance Osgood pro
posed marriage and she accented.- "On
July 8, l^'.'V said Mrs. Winn, "wo were
married by Judge Clift in Oak/and. Os
good told me he wi: - a divorced man, that
he had been married to an actres-j uy the
name of Carrie Dickenson. I tried after
ward to find the Dickenson woman, but
was net successful, and I discovers.! that
there was no such woman I lived with
Osgood three months, when he struck me
and I left him." . '_■■
Charles Del h. 132» North Hunter -.treet,
Stockton, and Fred M. Price, "_."• North
Center street. Stockton, testified to hav
ing been present at the wedding of Os
good and Mrs. Glover, celebrated by
Judge Parker on February 13, ISIM.
Mrs. Glover was th. last witness ex
amined, and she testified to the fact that
her marriage with Osgood was solemnized
in Stockton by Judge Parker on th<_ 13ih
of February. IS9O.
Attorney Dunne had no witnesses to cf
fer in defense, but begged the court-, per
mission that the case be continued until
Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock, by which
time, if he decided to offer witness's, he
would be prepared to do so.
Judee isiogan allowed the motion and
the case was continued until Friday aft
ernoon. ____________________
DRAGGING ITS WEARY WAY.
The "Brick" McPherson Conspiracy
Has Another Hearing Before
Judge Treadwell.
Judge Treadwell expressed his deter
mination yesterday afternoon to get at
the bottom of the "Brick McPherson con
spiracy, but he mad" very little headway.
The case of "Brick," who was discharged
on habeas corpus proceedings, is still on
the Judge's calendar, as he has not been
officially notified of the decision of Judge
Dunne, and "Brick" was not in court yes
terday, but Attorney Harvey Brown
promised faithfully to have him before
the Judge to-day.
The case of Thomas Clisham. charged
with obtaining $150 from Attorney I. N.
Thorns, was then called. Thorne took the
stand and told in a hesitating way that
angered the Judge how Clisham had got
the money from him and the representa
tions he had made.
The Judge remarked that he could not
understand how an attorney should get
an innocent woman (referring to Mrs.
Carroll) into such a deal, and thought the
Grand Jury should take up the whole
matter. The further hearing in the case
was continued till to-day-
THE END OF
HIS VOYAGE
THROUGH LIFE
Funeral of the Late
Captain Goodall.
The funeral of the late Captain Charles
Goodall took place yesterday afternoon
from the Simpson Memorial Church, cor
ner Hayes and Buchanan streets. In
keeping with the life and character of the
de. -eased the services were simple in the
extreme. The auditorium of the church
was crowded with the sorrowing relatives
and friends of deceased. In accordance
with the request of the relatives there
were but few floral offerings.
Rev. Dr. Stephens, pastor of the church,
conducted the funeral services. Seated
with him behind the pulpit were. Rev. XV.
S. Evans of Stockton. Dr. Dills of Oak
land. Rev. XV. S. Matthews. Rev. Charles
E. Locke of the Central Church. Rev. Dr.
J. D. Hammond and Rev. Dr. M. C.
Briggs. all of whom had been lifelong
friends of the deceased.
Dr. Stephens spoke in the most touching
terms of the life and character of Cap
tain Goodall, and so pathetic were his
remarks that nearly every one in the.
church was moved to tears. In closing
he sailed upon Senator George C. Perkins,
the business associate of the deceased, to
pay a final tribute to his memory. The
Senator was visibly affected by the sor
rowful duty that devolved upon him. His
voice trembled with emotion, and several j
times during the course of his eulogy he
was forced to stop -while he wiped away
the tears that he could not suppress.
Senator Perkins said: \
"Here are the last earthly remains of
a friend -whose place in my life can never
be filled. Captain Goodall was a friend
of friends and he has made his last voy
age over life's seas. By his death every
lover of true humanity has lost a friend; I
the church has lost a friend.
. "It Is as natural to die as to live, but j
it is hard for us who remain behind to
fully realize our loss. We must find con
solation, in the fact that our loss is his i
eternal gain. I have been intimately
associated with Captain Goodall in a
social and a business way 'for more than
twenty-seven years, and I would feel
that I was not doing my duty if I did
not pay this tribute to one of the noblest
men that was ever born."
The speaker then briefly told of the life
of the deceased, and continuing said:
"The brightest pages in the history of
this State will record the life of Captain
Onodall— a life which furnishes an ex
ample that every man can follow with
profit to himself. and the community in
which he lives. The captain was true
and faithful to every trust that was im
posed upon him; he would have been a
Gladstone if he had been a statesman.
Life with film was more than a precept.
He judged men not by what they pro
fessed, but by what they were. He was
identified with everything calculated to
uplift morality and social life. He was
a charitable man, and many have re
ceived of his bounty. If all whom he
had benefited could place a flower on
his bier it would raise a monument as I
high as the steeple of this church. A :
friend has departed; he cannot come back :
to us", but the time will come when we
can go to him.'
The honorary pall-bearers were: Robert
McElroy, Captain Andrew Nelson. Sen
ator George C. Perkins. Alexander Dickie.
Mowbray Dundas. Frank Cosgrove and
Captains Johnson. Howard and Wallace
of the Goodall-Perkins steamers. The in
terment was at Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland, and was private.
The South African Republic exported
last year 4.555.015 ounces of gold and
nearly 40,000 ton* of coal. -.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ ___
GOING UP!
$4 Per Share
Developments on our MOO acres commence at
once. We have engaged the expert who bored
those IMS barrel per day wells. He leaves Im-
mediately to take charge of our work In th-
field. hen oil Is struck, which is predicted
at *,<. feet, our stock will be worth hundreds.
No More Stock at $3.50
AFTER AUCUST 13.
One thousand shares of the treasury stock
are now offered at $." 50 per share to provide a
sinking fund against contingencies arising !n
the field. Right reserved to return all sub-
scriptions received after the one thousand
share? are taken. Tou cannot pick up a dally
paper without beinp convinced that a great oil
boom Is coming. Those who are wise enough
to get in at the start wIH make fortunes.
Prospectus Giving Full Particulars Free.
Union Consolidated Oil and
Transportation Co.,
322-323 P.rratt Building. San Francisco,
AFRO-AMERICAN CHURCH
CONFERENCE CONVENES
BISHOP . GAINES CADES THE |
BODY TO ORDER.
Bethel A. iff. E. Church. Taxed to Its !
• Utmost Capacity- by the Visit- j
ing Delegates and. Local
Congregations. j
The thirty-second annual session of the
California Conference of the Afro-Amer
ican Methodist Episcopal Church con- !
vened yesterday morning at the Bethel
African M. E. Church, corner Powell and
Jacks streets.. Bishop Wesley John
Games presided. Delegates from the twen
ty-one colored congregations through.
out the State were present and ; to
gether with the members of the local
congregations .hey taxed the spacious
church to its utmost capacity. The con
ference was opened with devotional ex
orcises which were conducted by Bishop
Games. The Rev. Dr. Evans, pastor of
the M. E. Church of Stockton, led with
a touching prayer, after which the con- :
ference elected the Rev. W. B. Anderson
secretary and the Rev. E. T. Hubbard
statistician. Mayor Phelan was then in
troduced and made a brief address of
welcome in behalf of the citizens of this j
city.
The Rev. Dr. Evans followed the Mayor '
and delivered an oration which brought
forth considerable applause. He took oc
casion to pay a warm tribute to the mem
ory of Abraham Lincoln and Fred Doug-
lass, who In life had been patrons and
benefactors of the colored race. The Rev.
Dr. Locke, pastor of the Central M. E.
Church, delivered a brief speech and .was. i
followed by Bishop Games, who talked ;
in his usual logical manner.
The following visiting delegates were -
AMUSEMENTS. M
OUR HEROES r FUND BENEFIT"!
WELCOME TO OUR
....Returning Volunteers....
ARE YOU READY?
PROMPTLY TO-DAY AT NOON!
DON'T .FORGET THE PLACE:
AT THE ORFHEUM
YOU MUST COME EARLY IF YOU WANT A SEAT _________
Remember the splendid entertainment ciTered at this auction- sale, including crltfinai
blograph pictures, music, etc.. etc.
NOTICE ! , fc
There will be no admission fee. The public are invited free of charge to attend the
Auction Sale. -w
THE /-UCTIOrNEERS:
HON. JAMES D. PHELAN. HON WENDELL EASTON. EDNA WALLACE HOP-
PER KATHERINE GREY BLANCHE BATES. MARGARET A GLIN A LICE NEIL-
SON.' FLORENCE ROBERTS. EDITH MASON. ASS .LICHTER LOUISE THORN-
r_v»ri? ___UCIC\ULT DELIA STACET MARY VAN BUREN. MARY LIN' HATTIE
RFILET ADD JULIET CR-iSPY. MAY BUCKLET. Irene EVERETT, MRS. Ernest-
INE' KEELING MRS JOHN MORRISEY AND BETH FRANKLIN.
The Monster Benefit and First Continuous Performance ever given
on the Pacific Coast, commencing at 12:30 p. m. and
ending at 6 p. m.,
WILL TAKE PLACE AUGUST 17th.
ATTRACTIONS FROM ALL THE THEATERS.
HENPY MILLER AND COMPANY! frawley company.
BLANCHE BATES AND THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
THE TIVOLI GRAND OPERA COMPANY!
THE ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY. _,
THE MORn.ro OPERA COMPANY.
CLAY CLEMENT AND COMPANY. ■
SPECIALTIES FROM THE ORPHEUM.
SPECIALTIES FROM THE CHUTES.
AND A HOST OF OTHER PROFESSIONAL TALENT.
S^The C «?laVs>a^^f Xa'PwWl commence at the box office of the theater to-morrow( Frl-
tday) morntr.r. at 9 o'clock. ...
PRICES FOR RESERVED SEATS. $1 and .2.
Application for »eat« can be made either by mall or telephone to Mr. L. A. Morgen-
■teni care of the Orpheum box offlce. _._'-«.
VAITD iTTCK.'TIAW' Pl -GRAPH PICTURES BEFORE THE AUCTION SALE.
IUIIK All EC. HUN • MUSIC FROM ALL THE THEATERS.
_f*_^_a s 3 PlM ssi si _& ***
Fl Bi A w^ss
NINTH AND LAST WEEK BUT ONE.
HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
First Production In America of the Great Lon-
don Comedy Drama,
BROTHEROFFICERS
August 14— Farewell week of
HENRY MILLER SEASON.
REPERTOIRE: »
Monday and Tuesday •■■y-U-W- .
THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY URSULA
Special Matinee Tuesday— Double Bill—
"Heartsease" lentlMO and the one-act play,
"Frederic Lemaitre."
Wednesday and Thursday .."HEARTSEASE"
Friday and Saturday evenings and Satur-
day matinee i "THE LIARS'
SEATS NOW SELLING. -
; . •— ■
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A COMEDY THAT WILL LIVE !
GREAT SUCCESS OF
THE FAIRY JpDMOJHER.
MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND HER EXCELLENT COMPANY.
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
REPERTOIRE FOR FAREWELL WEEK:
Next Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday and Thurs-
day Nights, "LONDON ASSURANCE."
Rest of Farewell Week. "AS YOU LIKE IT."
Wednesday afternoon. August l*. FARE-
WELL TESTIMONIAL to BLANCHE BATES.
First time en the Pacific Coast of Ibsen's
"HEDDA GAELDR."
Souvenir Photographs, Thursday. August 17.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND v OPERA SEASON.
ENORMOUS DEMAND FOR SEATS!!!
NOTHING .LIKE IT IN YEARS!!!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT
"FAUST"
"FAUST" Repeated Saturday Matinee and
Sunday Night.
THE TRIUMPH OF ALL OPERAS
"TROVATORE."
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY EVENINGS.
A GREAT CAST OF LYRIC ARTISTS!
POWERFUL ORCHESTRA and CHORUS!!
SUPERB COSTUMES AND SCENERY::
POPULAR PRICES 25 and £0 Cents
" Telephone for Seats— Bush 9.
_ftk_-^^ A______^_^_l_P'^_i_^_^tlF__B^_.
If m^Mi ** 9_J______^_______f___H_________
5
Choicest IRUITS.WINES.VEGE-
-tables, Grains & Grasses
OP rAI IFP.HKIA<r ,-^
A G?_t_\"- SXOCVw SWSSW.
fl§iycs Eniertair\mer\t.
EXHIBITSTRANSPORTED fREE
Excursion. Rates To Visitors,
WKiTB FOR I>AW c UL-AR St
Km J. SHIELDS B^ p ?^_ E M s t
. present: DE*^^__sv".'"G*imes. Sacramento;
Dr. J. E. Edwards. Los Angeles; Dr. D.
R. Jones. Stockton; Drs. C: C. Halford
. and John Pointer. Red .Bluff; Dr. E. T.
' Hubbard. Mar ville; Dr. R. H. Herring,
Pasadena; Dr. R. A. Hardimann, Bakers
field, and Dr. P. R. Green. Colusa.
In the evening devotional exercises
were led by Dr. J. E. Edwards of Los
Angeles.
The conference will meet every day un
j til next Monday. Two sessions will be
! held daily— one in the morning, which will
I open at 9:30 o'clock, and the other in the
! evening. The morning session will be de
-1 voted to business matters and in the
: evening religious exercises will be held.
i Bishop Games will deliver his annual lee
: ture on Friday night. He will preach on
"Religious Education," and judging from
; his past efforts It will be well worth
hearing. The Bishop is a jnan of re
; markable mental attainments. He is a
splendid orator and his annual sermon is
an interesting feature of the conference.
Died From Natural Causes.
The autopsy performed on the body of
Mrs. Mamie Cusick. the woman who died
in a doorway on Market street on Tues
day evening, disclosed the fact that a dis
ordered liver was the cause of death. The
fatal malady was brought on by an exces
sive use of alcoholic stimulants.
Notice to Electricians.
Wanted— 2o electricians and 20 linemen
and helpers. Pacific Incandescent Lamp
Co., 933 Market st. •
Mrs. Dunn's Death.
Dr. Zabala. autopsy surgeon.. yesterday
performed an autopsy on the bod> of Mrs.
Dr. Dunn of Fresno, the woman who was
found dead in the Grand Hotel on Tues
day evening. He found that death was due
to a collapse which followed the ruptura
of an internal organ. - -.
■ m ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
SEVEN NEW PEOPLE^ NINE NEW AGTS !
MLLE. ALEXANDRA DAGMAR,
The World's Most Famous Warbler.
THE DEONZOS.
ALDEN AND HILL.
LINTON AND McINTYRE.
THE BIOGRAPH.
IDALENE COTTON AND NICK LONG.
JOS. ADELMAN.
DAVE MEIER.
PHOITES PANTOMIME. Last week.
Reserved seats. 23c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50c.
Matinee. Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE Main 53:
THE TALK OTfflE TOWN !
Beautiful Production of Chassafgne's
"FALKA"
FUNNIEST COMIC OPERA EVER WRITTEN
STRONG CAST. ENLARGED CHORUS.
PRETTY COSTUMES.
ORCHESTRA, 35c and 50c. FAMILY - CIRCLE,
15c.
DRESS CIRCLE, re. GALLERY, 10c.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat _\.e.
Branch Box Of flee.... Ma- Entrance Emporium
ALCAZAR H§
ONLY 4 MORE NIGHTS!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Lord Lytton' Drama.
"THE LADY
OF LYONS"
PRICES 15c, 25.. St, 51c.
NEXT WEEK— "UNDER TWO FLAGS."
CHUTES JND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
NOW ON FREE EXHIBITION.
MISS JOHANNA FRISCO,
ORANG OUT ANG".
TO-NIGHT-
AMATEUR NIGHT!
A HOST OF AMUSING FEATURES,
, Concluding With a
Fat Ladies' Bicycle Race!
Reserved Seats by Fhcne, Steiner iML
SPECIAL— Saturday Night— CAKEWALK.
CONCEBTS AND KESO.4TS.
FAREWELL CO/VCEHTI
EMIL STEINEGGER (Pianist), Assisted by
Press Club Quartet. Thursday Evening, August
10 Sherman & Clay Hall, 233 Sutter st. Ad-
mission, 50c. including reserved seat. Seats oa
sale at Kearny and Sutter ets.
SUTRO BATHS. <
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY' FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM .7. A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION We. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing. Including \dmlsslon 25c. Children 20c.
WesHy Call $1.00 Year
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET,
Shipment of $100,644 to China.
Silver and Financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat Futures steadier. Spot prices unchanged
Barley and Oats steadier, but inactive.
Com and Rye continue dull.
Hay market continues to show more strength.
Feedstuffs stand the same.
Beans and Seeds quiet at previous prices.
Shipment of 18,000 sacks of Onions to Australia.
Potatoes firm, Vegetables in excessive supply.
Butter firm at another advance. Cheese steady.
Eggs unsettled at unchanged quotations.
Poultry market oversupplied and weak.
Peaches, Pears and Plums in liberal supply and weak.
Crapes and Melons coming in more freely.
Dried Peaches and Apples easy. Apricots firm.
Buyers waiting for new Prunes. Old crop neglected.
Provisions more active than at this season.
Meat market unchanged.
Grain Bags rule very firm at the advance.
Charters.
' Th» Martha Davis loads merchandise for
Honolulu.
Lumber charters are as follows: A. J. W est
and J. B. Leeds. Grays Harbor for Honolulu;
Big Bonanza. Puget Sound, for Sydney, 43s 9d;
General Fairchlld, same voyage, 44s 6d.
The Jacques was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe, 33s 6d.
Th.- Bothwell loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, owners' account.
The Hahnemann loads wheat at Portland for ;
Europe 355. prior to arrival.
The Colusa loads coal at Departure Bay. for
Kahului and Kihei. The Aryan loads coal at
Seattle for this port.
Our Account With the Pacific
Railroads.
The following fig-ire? show the amounts due
the United States from Pacific Railroads on
account of bonds Issued in aid of their con
struction: Central branch Union Pacific, $3,7.38,
--- Sioux City and Pacific, $4,216,625; total,
$7 975,478. The Government has been reim
bursed for $27,236,512 principal -nd $31,211,711 In
terest, being the total indebtedness of ■ the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to November
1. 1597. and for the principal of the Kansas
Pacific Indebtedness, amounting to $6,303,000.
The unpaid balance of the total indebtedness
of the Central Pacific and . Western Pacific
Railroad companies to the United States, under
settlement agreement of February I, 1899,
amounts to $47,050,172 and accrued interest, less
transportation earnings.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following Is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the Treasury of the
I'nited States at the close of business July 3;.
-,.,,,. from Secretary Gage: Interest-bear
ing debt, $1,046,048,770; debt on which Interest
has ceased since maturity, $1,215,740; debt bear
ing no interest, $389,167,328; certificates and
Treasury notes, offset by an equal amount of
cash in the Treasury, $554,414,303; aggregate of
debt, $1,990,846 141 Compared with the state
ment Issued June 3". the figures show a de
crease of certificates and Treasury notes
amounting to $512.3 I and a decrease in the ag
gregate debt of $1,081,185. The cash In the
Treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold,
$227,848,322: silver. $307,579,673; paper, ' $45,614,
--6- bonds minor coin, fractional currency,
etc.. $78,040,117: aggregate, $909,012,810. The
cash balance in the Treasury, June 30, was
$281,380,468, and on July 31, $274,844,167, show
ing a decrease during the month of $6,536,301.
Treasure Shipments.
The Ga»lic took out a treasure list of $190,-
C 44. consi-.tir._r of $189,709 In Mexican dollars
and $535 In gold coin.
.*.
<J> ■ —— ■ ; $>
Weather Report.
<_> »
(120 th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 9. 1899—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 6S| Sacramento 82
Fresno . Han Diego 70 j
I_os Angeles 76 Independence .'. 88 ,
Red Bluff SSI Yuma 102
San Luis Obispo....- 36J
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F. (RECASTS
San Francisco data—Maximum temperature, i
62; minimum. 32: mean, 57.
' The storm over Vancouver Island and Wash- i
ington this morning has moved steadily east
ward along the international boundary, accom
panied by general rain over the northern por
tion of the country. The pressure has risen
slowly over the greater part of the Pacific
Slope.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary, except over Northern Idaho and East- ,
crn Washington; where it has fallen about ten
degrees. Throughout California the tempera- :
tures are still from four to eight degrees cooler '
than the normal, but somewhat warmer
weather may be expected Thursday. ■
A maximum wind velocity of 28 miles per
hour from the west Is reported at Winne- i
mucca.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending at midnight. August 10. 1899:
Northern California—Fair Thursday; wanner
in the Interior; fresh westerly winds, with fog j
along th- .oast.
Southern California—Fair Thursday; north
erly winds In the Interior; light westerly winds ;
on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah—Fair Thursday; cooler Thursday morn
ing.
Arizona—Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Thursday;
fresh westerly winds, fog Thursday night.
ALEXANDER McADIR.
Forecast Official.
g, — <»
I EASTERN MARKETS
L . 1
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Aug 9. There was not much ;
of a stock market to-day. The market sold j
off at the opening on realizing and on the j
heavy tone Imparted by sympathy with Lon- j
don. Sales of securities for London account !
continued to-day on a moderate scale.' The I
call money rate in London nevertheless dropi>ed :
a fraction to-day and sterling exchange in
Paris advanced, but in Berlin declined < There
is a renewal of anxiety over the Transvaal
question, which had Its effect In foreign stocS
markets and was a factor in th" reflected
early depression here. But the local market
resisted this downward tendency and was In- '
clined to move upward before the end of the
first hour under the lead of Sugar and in
sympathy with an additional rise in the Min
neapolis and St. Louis stocks. Consolidated
Gas was strong and American Tobacco forged
upward again. its gain reaching nearly three
points and holding, well near the top. Sugar
weakened before the day was over, but there
were enough Individual stocks showing strength
to maintain a pretty firm tone, notwithstand
ing the Intense dullness of the rest of the day.
Some of the gains were Oregon Navigation,!
41 •• pacific, ("oast. 2, and Reading and Chicago]
and --'astern Illinois. 1% each; General Electric
and Colorado Fuel, a point each. At. -bison
preferred advanced strongly In the late deal
ln The call money rates were easier to-day un
der the influence of orders from out-of-town
source*. Chicago. Duluth, Minneapolis and St
Paul were said to be lending money here and
expression* of opinion from financial author!- j
ties In Chicago as to the plentitude of money I
there had a reassuring effect. While Chicago
is buying commercial paper In New lork ,
country banks throughout the West are said j
to be buying paper In Chicago. The rates for
l" loans and for commercial paper were, how- -
e"r very firmly held in spite of the easier ;
tendency in call loan departments Gold im
ports have up to to-day seemed the only re
source against money stringency here in case
cf Urge demand in the interior for moving ;
;L__ *To d-Ty's movement of sterling exchange ;
was therefore highly important as pleating
the easier condition there. The presentation |
of drafts on the New York sub-treasury In I
payment of the gold deposited at the San ]
Francisco Mint, is expected to be an Important !
factor in relieving the local money market.
Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf bonds I
dropped 4 per cent to-day in sympathy with
the reaction of 2% in the stock. The market
otherwise was dull and Irregular. Total sales,
par value, $1,033,1
lnited States bunds were unchanged in the
bid price.
NEW YORK. Aug. 9.— The committee of I
stock list of the Stock Exchange has admitted :
to the list $1,962,000 of St. Louis and San Fran-
Cisco (central division) first mortgage gold 4s ;
of 1929.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
3.500 Atchison 20%
32,110 Atchison prefd ... 64 j
100 Baltimore and Ohio 48 |
Canadian Pacific 97% i
Canada Southern £3%
400 Central Pacific 54
1,140 Chesapeake and oh., 27%
400 Chicago Greaf Western 14%
10.360 Chicago, Burlington and Qulncy 137
Chicago, Indiana and St. I_ouis S%
Chicago, Ind and St. Loula prefd.. 40
200 Chicago and 'Cast Illinois '. 76
300 Chicago and Northwestern 160%
.".."'hi Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific. .llß%
300 C C C and St. Louis 57%
.00 Colorado Southern 4 7
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46 :^ ;
13.3 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17%
260 Delaware and Hudson 123% '
.10 Delaware, Lack and Western 17."
100 Denver and Rio Grande 21%
150 Denver and Rio Grande prefd 74%'
Erie 13%
400 Erie Ist prefd 37%
130 Great Northern prefd 167
. 500 Hocking Coal 16
Ho.king Valley 23%
250 Illinois Central 114%
500 lowa Central 13
lowa Central, prefd 52%
5,000 Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf 12%
100 Lake Erie and Western 21%
350 Lake Erie and Western prefd 81
Lake Shore 201%
5,060 Louisville and Nashville .• 74%
2..10 Manhattan L 117%
1,250 Metropolitan Street Railway 209%
1,062 Mexican Central 14%
4,480 Minn and St. Louis 66%
1,360 Minn and St. Louis prefd .>;'_
5.350 Missouri Pacific 48%
100 Mobile and Ohio 44
Missouri, Kansas and Texas 12%
350 Missouri, Kansas and Texas prefd.. 36%
1.000 New Jersey Central 115%
1,800 New York Central 139
1,7 Norfolk and Western- 21
1,600 Norlolk and Western prefd 71%
6,350 Northern Pacific .32%
2.100 Northern Pacific prefd , 78%
3,270 Ontario and Western 26%
700 Oregon Railway and Navigation ... . 44%
Oregon Railway and 'Nay prefd.... 74
3.100 'Pennsylvania 136 J
6.100 Beading 21%
8,200 Reading Ist prefd 61% !
5,430 Reading 2d prefd 32%
Rio Grande Western 33 |
Rio Grande Western prefd 73% |
US St. I-ouis and San Francisco 11% I
St. Louis and San Fran Ist prefd.. 72 I
310 St. Louis and San Fran 2d prefd — 38% ]
1.000 St. Louis, Southwestern 17'
2,"0.. St Louis, Southwestern prefd 39
7,300 St. Paul 131%
150 • St. Paul prefd 173% j
St. Paul and Omaha 112
7.060 Southern Pacific 34%
250 Southern Railway 11%
1,040 Southern Railway prefed 52
Texas and Pacific 21 7 |
10,750 I'nion Pacific 44%
2,600 Irion Pacific prefd 77%
Wabash .... 7%
1,250 Wabash' prefd 22%
100 Wheeling and L E_ 9%
100 Wheeling and L E 2d prefd 23% \
825 Wisconsin Central 16% ,
Adams 113 i
Express Companies —
American 140 |
United States 50
Wells Fargo 127
Miscellaneous —
400 American Cotton Oil .' 11%
American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
600 American Malting 16% '■
100 American Malting prefd 6j
1,700 American Smelting and Refining.... 41%
600 American Smelting and Ref prefd.. 87%
American Spirits 5%
American Spirits prefd 30
1.22.3 American steel Hoop 34%
100 American Steel Hoop prefd 78%
2,600 American Steel and Wire 58%
600 American Steel and wire prefd... 98%
".00 American Tin Plate 41
32.". American Tin Plate prefd 86
36,410 American Tobacco 116
American Tobacco prefd lie
3,223 Anaconda Mining Co 67%
600 Brooklyn Transit 114%
350 Colorado Fuel and Iron 50%
hOO Continental Tobacco 46%
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 94%
2. "00 Federal Steel : 50%
280 Federal Steel prefd 81%
400 General Electric 124%
550 Glucose Sugar .' 66%
Glucose Sugar prefd 108
2.830 International Paper 41%
400 International Paper prefd 78%
200 Laclede das 56%
100 National Biscuit 48%
National Biscuit prefd 101
100 National Lead 30%
National I_ead prefd 11l
5,600 National Steel 53%
110 National Steel prefd 96
New York Air Brake 1.3
6,000 North American 12%
770 Pacific Coast 39 ;
'• Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
130 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
' 3,200 Pacific Mall 46%
2,000 People's Gas 120%
1.000 Pressed Steel Car ,37'_
1.300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 88%
i ....... Pullman Palace Car 13.
300 Standard Rope and Twine S%
3.200 Sugar 162%
3,200 Sugar prefd Ho
-1,050 Tennesee Coal and Iron "9
17.230 United States Leather.. 7%
9,130 United States Leather prefd 73%
750 United States Rubber 51',
United States Rubber prefd 115*4
550 Western Union __%
334.110 Total sales. •_
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg 10O%jM X ft T 2d5...:.. 66
do 3s reg 108%! do 4s 93
do 3s coup 108% N V' Cent lsts 112
do new 4s reg..,. 129% • N J Cent gen .120
do new Is c0up..129% N Carolina 6s ..,.128
do old 4s. Reg 11214 do 4s 104
do old 4s coup ...113 No Pacific lsts 113
do 5s reg 111% do 3s 66%
do 5s coup 111% do 4s 102%
Dlst of Col 3.6.35. .117 N V C & St L 45. 107%
Ala class A 10') .Norf & W con 45.. 94%
. do class B 109 I 'do gen 6s 135'
do class C 104 Or Nay lsts 112'_
do currency 100 | do 4s 101%
. Atchison gen 4s 101% Or Short L 6s 128
do adjt 85% l do con 5s 112
I Can So 2ds 109 I Reading gen 4s .* %
j Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97% R C, W lsts 98%
do 5s 118%' St L ft I M c 55. ...113%
I C & N W con 75..14._ St L ft S F g .124%
do S F deb 55... 122% St Paul cons 169 : _
Chi Term 4s 09% St P C „ P 15t5. ..121%
1 D & R G lsts- pf.. ice, 1 do ,3s 121%
do 4s 99% So Railway 5s ...109%
E T Va & Ga.lsts. ,^% S Rope. & Twine 6s 82
! Erie gen 4s 72 I Term new set 35.. 97
1 Ft W & Den C. Ist 79 I Texas & Pac lsts. .113%
1 Gen Electric 55.... 116 | do 2ds 55%
iG H & S A 6s 110 Union Pac 4s 105
do 2ds :.10S Wabash lsts 117
j H & T C 5s 110% • do 2ds 100%
i do con 6s ...' 11l ;West Shore 4s 114
THE SAX FBANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1899.
1
lowa Cent 15t5. ...114 'Wis Cent. lsts .... 76% |
KCD & G lsts.... 67 — cent 85
La new con 4s 106 I do deferred 5 |
I. & Nash unl 45.. 99% C & S 4s 86%
MINING STOCKS.
("hollar 24 Ontario 6 50
Crown Point 22 Ophir 120 j
Con Cal & Va..... 2 30; Plymouth 10
Dead wood ...: 6" s Quicksilver 2 00 1
Gould ft Curry.... 4.3 do oref '. 800
Hale & Nor cross... 32 ■ Sierra Nevada 67 ;
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2 45
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 33]
Mexican 60 Yellow Jacket 32 j
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. j
Monev — l Union Pacific 44%
Call loans 3%<(_4%; West End 95
Time loans 405 do pref 113%
Stocks— Wis Cent 16 ]
' Atchison 20% Bonds
do prof ''.4 j Atchison 4s 100 |
Am Sugar 162% Mining shares
do pref 120 | Adventure 9% j
i Bell Telephone ...346 Allouez Mining Co 7
' Boston & A1bany. .2.39 Atlantic 30
Boston Elevated... 108 J Host ft Mont 338
Boston &. Maine. .2oo ; Butte ft Boston... 78%
CB&Q 135% Calumet & Hecla..S3o
Ed Elec 111 205 Centennial 34 -*
Fitchburg pref 120 Franklin 20% i
Gen Elec 124% Humboldt 2",
Fed Steel 59% Osceola 91%
do pref 81 Parrot- 54%
Mcx Cent 14 : Santa Fe Copper.. 14%
Mich Telephone.... Ox j Tamarack .225
Old Colony 206 i Winona 11%
Old Dominion 38 j Wolverines 47%
Rubber •________ t '
The Money Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 9.— Money on call. 2._@!
3% per cent; last loan, 2'_ per cent. Prime j
mercantile paper. 4%©5 per cent. Sterling ex- |
1 change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
! bills at .4 8604 St.'., for demand and at $4 52%0
4 ._-.., for 60; days. Posted rates. $4 83 1 -.-.; .S4
and 51 S7fff4 57%. commercial bills. $4 81%. Sil- j
ver certificates. 60%® 61c. Bar Silver. 60\ic.
! Mexican dollars, 4Sc. Government bonds, ;
; steady. State bonds. Inactive. Railroad bonds, .
i irregular. .
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. To-day's state- !
I ment of tne condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance. 1273,844,272; gold re
serve, $244,902,814.
London Market.
i NEW TORK, Aug. The Commercial Ad
j vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were depressed to-day by
the reported refusal of the Transvaal Govern
ment to accept a joint commission and Mr. j
i Chamberlain's speech in the House of Com
! mons Americans opened dull. New York :
bought, but the close showed little change. ;
I Business here is dead. Tlntos. 45%; Anacon-
I das 11%. • New York again buying them.
Money closed unUndable, over-night fix
tures being at 2%. opinion is undecided as to
! what action the bank will take to-morrow on
! the discount-rate question. The bank discount
ed short bills to-day freely at 3%. It bought
121,000 pounds gold bars and £68,000 In Ger
man coins Ten thousand pounds were taken
for South America. The net Influx for the
week was 948,000 pounds.
'SING. ' I
LONDON August Canadian Pacific. 100%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 80%; I'nion Pacific J
j preferred. 79%; Grand Trunk, 7%; Anaconda, j
i n%- -, , !
Bar Silver, quiet; 2.% d per ounce.
I Money. 1% i"- cent.
j . — — — — 3>
New York Grain and Produce. j
! «> — — ; »
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,334; exports. 1739. Held higher than buyers' '
I views and consequently ruled quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 50,900. Spot firm; No. 2
red, 75% cf. "■ b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern .
! Duluth. 76% f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 hard j
I Duluth, 80% cf. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red. .
I 73% c levator. Options opened firmer at Vie ad- ;
! vance on small Northwest receipts and higher
| cables. The local trade was short and later
covered freely on bullish Government report ,
talk. Additional factors of strength were un- j
- 1 satisfactory threshing news and better cash de
mand West Seaboard export trade, however,
was unimportant. The close was firm at V"V
. net advance. May. 79%@80c, closed 79% c; Sep
tember, 74%fi74 11-lfic, closed .4%c; December, ;
I 76 13-lti'_t77 3-16 c, closed 77c.
HOl'S— Quiet.
HIDES Steady.
i WOOL— . .
METALS— market did not change much
to-day Copper was in good demand, but sell
ers we're conservative in view of conflicting re
ports and rumors from the West. Tin advanced
in a nominal way in sympathy with firmness
' abr-iad and at primary markets here. The bal
ance of the list- was generally firm but devoid
lof new feature. At the close the Metal Ex
i change called: . _ "'"■' „ ,*
PIG IRON— Warrants unchanged at $14 is bid
j and $13 25 asked.
TlN— Unsettled at $32 50 nominal.
LAKE COPPER-Strong at $18 50. .
\ LE >D - Quiet with $4 55 bid and .4 60 asked.
SPELTER- Dull at 6c. _.-.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 3d ana for |
I copper $18 75. • , '-.- .
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged, ;
j to ten points higher. Sales. 39.500 bags. Includ- I
ing- August, $1 40; September, $4 4504 50; Oc-
t ober $4 66; November, .4 6004 65; December,
!$4 9.3C(_5 05; January. $.3 15; February, $5 10;
I March, $6 1505 20; May. $.3 25; July. $5 35.
Spot coffee— Rio steadier but quiet. Mild
j steady, with fair trade.
SUGAR— Haw. firm; held higher; refined,
firm but quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 290,. packages; strong;
Western creamery, 16%@18%c; factory, ll@ ,
i 14% c
EGGS— Receipts, 7883 packages; Western, 15% i
@16% c; Western ungraded, 10<3T3%c at mark. ]
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 9.— California dried fruits
quiet.
! EVAPORATED APPLE? -Common. 6%f..%c;
prime wire tray, S%@S%c; choice, S%«J9c;
, fancy. 9%W9%c.
PRUNES— 3OBc. .'-."-
APRICOTS— 14c; Moorpark. 14@loc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 11.T11%c.
§ — _ ' " •
Chicago Grain Market.
. t— — _ <$■ !
CHICAGO, Aug. 9.— Aided by an entirely un- j
looked-for advance of %<s%d In the Liverpool j
market and by some bullish domestic news I
which started strong at an advance of about :
I %c. September opened at .6S%@6S%c. During
: the first hour there was considerable buying
| by outsiders through commission houses and ;
i covering by local shorts. September advanced
steadily to 63% c before the turning point was
reached. Besides the strength at Liverpool |
buyers had small receipts to help them. A j
good many reports came in from the Northwest I
of heavy rains retarding the ripening of wheat !
and harvesting operations. Some complaints :
of unsatisfactory threshing returns were re
ceived. The cash demand showed signs of im- I
provement, bids for hard winter being %c bet- |
ter than yesterday in some cases. There was j
1 the usual amount of realizing on the advance, j
: and a reaction during the morning carried the ;
I price back to 68% c, but 'during the afternoon |
the market again became strong and most of |
I the original advance was recovered. Snow's '
crop report estimated a drop of about 5 per
cent In the Government report to-morrow on
the condition of spring wheat. This would sug
gest a crop of about 257,000.000 bushels. Shorts
covered quite generally and the market showed
considerable strength. September advanced to
69%ftK9%c, but reacted to 69% con profit-taking,
where 11 closed. v. .'
Corn was strong and quite active In sym- |
pathy with wheat. September closed %c higher.
Oats were strong and better from the start.
September gained %c.
Provisions were erratic. The market opened
steady and unchanged. Sympathy with the
grain markets and natural reaction from Tues
j day's decline caused a good advance during the
morning, but there was a general selling move
ment on the rally, and during the afternoon
prices tended steadily downward. Packers were
free sellers. The cash demand for meats was
poor. At the close September pork was 7%@10c
lower, lard 5@7%c lower, and ribs about un
changed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. - High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 68% 69% - 65% 69%
December 71% • 71% 71 71%
j May 74% 74% 74% • 74% I
•Corn No. 2— , .- '•.-:.
; September 31 31% 30% 31%
i December 28% 25% 28% 28%
I May 29% 30 29% 29%
Oats No. *— r ..,
! September 10% 20% 19% 20
! December 19% 20% 19% }_-,
j May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess pork, per bbl
September 835 8 42% 825 8 27%;
October 840 850 8 32% 8 32%
Lard, per 100 lbs
! September 517% 530 520 0 22 1 - I
October 5 82% .3 37% 525 ' 523 '■"
Short- ribs, per 100 lbs
September .5 02% 6 07% 500 5 02%
October . 5 07% .3 12% 5 05. 606
'ash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; No. 3 spring wheat. 67%'5.65c; No. 2 red.
70070% c; No. 2 corn. 32_.32%c; No. 2 oats. 21%.?
22c; No. 2 white, 21% c; No. 3 white, 23_(24c; No.
I 2 rye, 52% c; No. 2 barley. 33'{T40c: No. 1 flax
seed, 99c; prime timothy seed, $2 4502 47%: mess
pork, per barrel, $7 bum 23; lard, per 100 lbs.
$5 07%©6 22; short ribs sides (loose). $4 So@o U;
| dry salted shoulders (boxed). 5%'f?5%c; .short
I clear sides (boxed), $.3 35-55 45: whisky, distill
ers' finished goods, per gal. $1 26. '
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18.000 - 12.000
Wheat, bushels 105,000 10.000
Corn, bushels 435,000 621.000
! Oats, bushels 524.000 237,000
j Rye, bushels 5,000
Barley, bushels 46.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm: -creameries, 13%(ffl8c; dairy,
12«16c; cheese, firm 9Ciloc; eggs, firm, fresh
: 12% c. • ,
! <$— : — »
Foreign Futures.
1 <$ — »
; LIVERPOOL.
\ Wheat— Sept. . Dec.
I Opening ' 5 8% 5 9%
Closing '. 5 8% 5 9%
PARIS.
Wheat— - • Aug. Nov. -Feb
I Opening 19 50 20 40
Closing 19 50 20 40
; Flour
ripening 42 60 27 60
Closing 42 60 27 50
« »
California Fruit Sales.
! <$- : . -$>
j ■'■ The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day at the following prices:
' NEW York. Aug. 9.— Peaches— Early Craw
, ford. 76c; Late Crawford, 50c. i;l 15, average 76c;
Elberts. 73cfi_$l 15, average Mc; Susquehanna,
I 75c®$l 15. average 77. : Tuscan Cling, 95cfi$l 30,
average $1 19. Pears— Bartletts. il 30@2 10, ay
' erage $1 70. Plums— Columbia, 75c@$I 35, aver
age 99c; Kelsey, 70c<JTl 45, average $1 _9;Satsuma,
$1 I.".;! 30, average $1 17; Yellow Egg, 9Ccft_sl 20,
average $1 05. Prunes — Bulgarian, average
$1 08; German. $1 OSCdI 30. average $1 19; Gros,
; $1 l.'.i. 1 55, average $1 35: Hungarian, $1 106 1 4-.
I average $1 40; Italian, $1 25©1 4.3, average $1 33:
'■ Silver. 90c#$l 3.3. average $1 0.3; Tragedy. $1 30
i ffil 3.3, average $1 41. Twenty-nine cars sold to
day; favorable weather.
BOSTON, Aug. 9.— Peaches— Early Crawford,
. :.."..-..'{'.. average S7c; Elberta. average $1 10;
( Susquehanna 75@85c, average 79c. Pears—Bart
letts, $1 50®2 19, average $1 82. Plums—Bur
bank, $1 03(S1 43, average $1 37: Victoria, aver
age $1 32; Yellow Egg, average $1 11. Prunes—
I Gros. average 1 41. Thirteen cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO Aug. 9.— Peaches— Early Crawford,
average 62c. Pears— Bartletts. $1 S4-?2 40, aver
. age $2 01. Plums— Bradshaw. average $1 29; Co
: lumbia, average $1 01; K.-lsey, $1 51S1 65, aver
, age $1 61; Purple Duane. average $1 01; Yellow
Egg. average $1 25. Prunes— Bulgarian, average
; $1.35; German, average $1 30: ■ Gros, average
Isl 53; Hungarian, average $1 90. Ten cars sold
' to-day; weather threatening.
« — »
Boston Wool Market.
i
4 — : • »
BOSTON. Aug. 9.— The American Wool and
Cotton Re.Kirter to-morrow will say:
There ls a quieter tone to the wool .market,
! although the volume of sales reported shows
| up quite large, being close to 7,000,000 pounds.
i A' considerable portion of this business, how
-1 ever, was really accepted some time previous
to the week under review, but the transactions
were not given out until this week. Some
houses report 'a fair demand from some, of the
smaller mills, which will probably continue
now for some time, as they were late coming
' into the market.
The situation as far as prices are concerned
! is is strong as ever. As to the total stocks of
i wool in the United State? it is doubtful If they
. have been as light since the McKinley tariff
i law was in operation.
The sales for the week in »ton amounted
! to 6,686,000 pounds domestic and 205,000 pounds
' foreign, making a total of 6,891,000, against a.
I total of 6,439,600 fOr the previous week and a
I total of 3,339,000 for the corresponding week
, last year.
: Sales since January 1. 1599, amount to 170.3.1,
--'■ 000 pounds, against 71,827,510 pounds last year at
j this time. .
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
! CHICAGO. Aug. CATTLE— in cat
; tie was brisk to-day at advancing prices, there
j being an unusual good demand for choice cat
tle, of which there was a good supply. Rest
grades were 10@15i higher. Good to choice
cattle sold at $."■ >-.-•' 20, commoner cattle
bringing $4 50@6 45. St ickers and feeders, $3 25
$74 75; bulls, cows and heifers. $205 10; Texas
steers. $3 90<_. 4 50, and calves. $41. 7 15.
HOGS Hogs were irregular, steady for de
' sirable offerings. Heavy, $4.74 0.3; mixed lots,
$4 3504 75, and light $4 5004 90; pigs sold at
$3 50174 50; culls, $2® 4.
SHEEP— There was an active -demand for
i both sheep and lambs and prices were firm.
1 Sheep sold at $2 2503 2.3 for culls, up to $4 500
! 4 73 for good native wethers, prime lots bring
ing .3; lambs, $3 5005 2.3 for Inferior lots, up to
$6 4006 30 for best grades.
Receipts— Cattle, 1500; hogs, 25,000; sheep,
15.0C0. ___.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. Clearings, $241,
--054; balances, $25,322.
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 67c; Valley, 58c; blue stem, 59c.
The first car of new Valley wheat was re
ceived to-day, twelve days later than the first
cat of Walla Walla. The car received to-day
was of a fine grade, weighing sixty-one pounds.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. -9.— No change in
! wheat. The local market is quiet, club sic;
blue stem, 59c. '^y ■'■:■:
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Aug. 9.— Consols, 105 11-16; Silver,
27* id; French Rentes, 99f 67' 2 c. Wheat cargoes
oft coast, operators and buyers indifferent;
cargoes on passage, nominal and unchanged.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 9.— Wheat steady; Wheat
lin Paris, steady; Flour in Paris, steady;
I French country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; futures steady; Sep
tember, 3s B%d; December. 5s 9%d.
CORN— Spot American old. mixed, steady,
3s 4d; futures, steady; October, 3s 4%d; No
vember, 3s 4%d.
•
« ■ _ S>
LOCAL MARKETS.
, <$, — — 1>
Exchange and Bullion.
! Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
■ Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York. Exchange, slight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars <'% 50
1 Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
I
Wheat and Other Grains.
' WHEAT— Chicago was firmer on better for
i eign advices, though the market was inactive.
'■■ Buying was fair. Receipts in the Northwest
i diminished. Advices all agreed that harvest
I returns were' disappointing. Too much rain
j there has cut down the yield. The outside mar
' kets were generally stronger than Chicago, and
long wheat was well held everywhere.
' There were heavy rains in the Corn belt, ex
cept in Kansas: Cash Corn was very strong,
and small country offerings and the short In
terest caused strength in September deliveries.
The local Wheat market showed no further
decline, and futures were slightly higher.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02%<gl 03%; milling,
$1 05@1 10. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
8000 ctls, $1 10%: soon, $1 10%. ..
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 32.o-50
ctls. 511"%: I""'". $110%. May— 2o,ooo, $114%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 10;
36,000. $1 10%; 12,000, .$1 10%. May— 4ooo. $1 14%.
BARLEY— market is steadier' than it
has been, though the demand is not active.
Futures are neglected.
•Feed. SO.-QS.3c; Brewing, . 90@95c; Chevalier,
$1 13@1 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. •
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— 2000 ctls. 83% c;
2000. 84c. Seller '99. new— 2ooo. S2%c; 2000, S3c.
OATS— The market is In rather better shape,
the demand being better and receipts running
light. Prices remain unchanged, however.
White. $1 2.3!fn 40; Red. «1 05@1 15 per ctl;
Black.' 97%.T51 0.3. y.^y.
CORN— The Eastern markets are strong, but
this- market shows no change. Small round
Yellow, 2E@l 3.3 ; Eastern large Yellow. $107%
(SI 10: White. $1 07%©1 10; mixed, $107% per
ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— 9ofi92%c per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
j
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 8003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 25@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to . the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Cornrneal. $2 ISO, ex
tra Cream Cornrneal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 oOgi <»•
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy. $3 2503 oO; Buck
wheat Flour. $4._4 25; Cracked Wheat. *•*•_>'
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 »0; Rollea
Oats (barrels). $6 5506 95; in sacks, »t »©_••_.
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
The Hay market again showed signs of im
proving, though prices were not much better.
Receipts from around the bay were light. The
circular of Somers & Co. says:
"There is a noticeably good demand for the
choicest grades of both wheat and cultivated
..at Hay. The majority of present arrivals i»
very good quality, but the grades generally
termed as 'gilt edge' are not very plentiful. ana
are sought for quite eagerly by the retailers
The medium grades of Hay. generally termed
'stable Hay,' are very plentiful and sell quite
cheaply. In fact it is with much difficult,
that these particular grades are disposed of.
BRAN— SIS 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $18 50 per Jon.
Oilcake Meal at the .mill. $27028: « Jobbing.
$28 60029; Cocoannt Cake, $20021; Cornrneal.
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed.
$16_16 50: Cottonseed Meal. $2S per ton. . .
HAT— Wheat; $6 5008 50 for common to gooa
and $9-59 50 for choice: Wheat and Oat. ..-;
8 50; Oat $608; Barley, $507; Island Barley.
$4 5005 50; Alfalfa, $5497 50 per ton; Compressed
. Wheat, $9010.
STRAW— 2O®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
.
All descriptions under this head are un
changed.
.BEANS— Bayos. $1 8001 90; Small White, $2 0_
©2 15; Large White, $1 6001 65; Pinks. $2 259
2 35; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 _s'g4 25: But
ters, nominal; Llmas. $4 1004 20; Pea. $2 200
2 50; Red Kidneys, $202 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Bustard, -2%© 3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax. $1 9002 10; Canary heed,
2%©3 c per lb tor California and 3%c for East
ern to arrive; Alfalfa. • 8%©9% c; Rape, 3c;
Hemp. 4®4%c; Timothy, nominal. ■
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 2501 50; Green, $1 n0
02 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There has been a heavy demand for Onions
cf late for Australia, the total sales on this ac
count footing up about 18.000 sacks. Some went
away yesterday by the Moana, while some go
by the Canadian Pacific line. This demand
having ceased the market is quieter and
eanler. ' ,_.___»
Potatoes are in good supply and unchanged.
An for Vegetables, the market ls piled high
with all sorts.-- ".--.-- ____..« __ ,
POTATOES-Garnet Chiles, $101 10; Early
Rose 75__$1; Burbanks, 76C081 10 per ctl in
sacks and" $1 25(111 35 in boxes; Salinas Bur
banks. $1 23 in sacks and $1 60 in boxes; Sweet
Potatoes. 2%02%c per lb.
ONIONS— SIOI 20 per ctl for Sllverskins;
Pickle Onions, 75c per sack.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, 700012 50 per
box- Green Peas. 2c per lb; String Beans. 102 c;
Lima Beans. 4c; Cabbage, 50060 c; River
Tomatoes, 25_40c; Egg Plant. 41)11 .'we; Green -
Okra 40050 c per box: Garlic. 203 c; Green Pep- |
1 pers ' 25@50c for Chill and 40(5 60c per box for
Bell- Carrots. 30040 c per sack; Bay Cucum
bers, 20030 c; Pickles. I%<- per lb for No. 1 and ;
40050 c per box for NO. 2: Summer Squash. 200
25c; Marrowfat Squash. $14 per ton; Green
Corn, 25c05l per sack; 75c©$1 25 per crate for |
Alameda and 65075 c for Berkeley.
Poultry and. Game.
Another car of Eastern 'sold at 13c for Tur
keys. $1 25 for Geese, $5 5006 for Hens, $3 for ,
old Roosters. $5 for Fryers and $3 5004 for
Broilers.
The continuous receipts from the East this
week have depressed the market and home
stock is low and dull in consequence. There
j is a large quantity of unsold Eastern still on
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 11013 c for G fa
biers and 11013 c for Hens: Young Turkeys. 17
' fflißc Geesr, per pair. $101 25: Goslings, $125
01 50: Ducks. $3-54 for old and $3 50-54 .3" for
young: Hens. $405: young Roosters. $4 5005 30:
old Roosters, $403: Fryers, $4; Broilers, $3_
3 50 for large, $2 6003 for small; Pigeons, $150
-iii 75 per dozen for old and $1 7502 for Squabs.
AMI; Doves, ."0i1 75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another advance in Butter is noted and the
market is firm. Stocks are very moderate and ;
the demand is good. Cheese rules steady ati
unchanged prices.
Eggs are unsettled, some dealers reporting'
more activity and others a quieter market, j
Prices show no change.
BITTER-
Creamery-Fancy creamery. 22022% c; sec
onds. 21@ 21% c. ' .
Dairy— Fancy. 20020% c; good to choice, 18®
19c- store, 16017 c per lb.
\ CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9%01Oc; old. 8%
! g9c; Young America, lOOIO%C-; Eastern, 13015 c.
EGGS- Quoted at 16019 c for store and 20© [
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 18%@20c for ,
; selected, 16017 c for No. 1 and 14.j13c for sec- I
i j onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $10020 for frees and $12 50025 for !
clings; Bartlett Pears, in this city, $30-533 per 1
ton' for No. 1 and $15020 for No. 2; Green and
Yellow Plums, $15020 per ton; Colored Plums,
$10015. ;':' '-^-J
Some Bartlett Pears are still bringing $40
on canning account, but the combine will not
pay this figure, and the outside canners will ■
give it for strictly choice stock only. Peaches ,
and Plums continue plentiful,,- and cling
Peaches are lower.
Grapes and Melons still go slowly under
gradually Increasing supplies. Apples are
steady and quiet. Figs have a wide range, as
will be seen.
Lemons and Limes are quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples, 23030 c per box for common and- 60-gi
90c for good to' choice; Crabapples are nor
n Blackberries, $304 per . chest;
Strawberries. $8 per chest for small and $2 50
04 for large berries: Raspberries, $506 per
chest- Huckleberries, $608 per lb.
Grapes. 23050 c per box and crate for Fon
taine!.ieau. 40c.fi $1 per box and crate for Rose
of Peru. 600 75 c per crate and box for Muscat
and 66©85< for Seedless.
Watermelons. $5013 per 100.
Cantaloupes. 75cij_ $1 50 per crate; Nutmegs,
40075 c per box. ,
Pears 25(5 50c per box. according to size;
Bartletts. 50081 per box for green and 25040 c
for ripe. ■-'-_"■-' : : •'-"''-.'-"•"'■
Nectarines. 25010 c per box for white and 600
75c fur red. '■ '■
Figs. 76c® $1 60 per box for double layers of
small black and 50075 c for large purple.
Peaches, 25050 c per box and 20030 c per bas
ket
Plums, 20040 c per box; Prunes 40f.oo<_ per
I crate. , _
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $204;
1 Lemons, $101 50 for common and $1 7503 for i
good to choice: Mexican Limes, $404 50: Cali- j
fornia Limes, per small box: Bananas. $1 50
02 30 per butjeh; Pineapples. $102 50 per dozen. 1 .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins, j
There is no call for old Prunes, but dealers
..ay that a good demand awaits the new crop,
and that as soon as they come In buyers will
take them. New York mail .advices predict a
fine market for Prunes during the coming fall.
Peaches are easier, and Apples are weak,
owing to the size of the crop. Apricots are as .
firm as ever.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes. 6%c for
i 40-50's, 5c for 50-60's." 4c for 60-70's. 3%®3%c for
i 70-80's, 2%03%c for 80-90' 2%02%c for 90- 100'
: and 2(52%c for 100-110's. . -
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes. In
; sacks. 6%c for 10-50' s, 5©5% c for 50-60's. 404% c
i per lb for 60-70's, 3%c for 70-SO's, 3%?i3%c for
80-90' s and 2%03c for 90-100*8* Apricots, 10011 c
for Royals, 12% c for Moorparks: Peaches.
6©6% c for standards and 7%c for choice;
Evaporated Apples, 7®7%c; Sun-dried, 4%(f?5c
iter lb; Nectarines, 607 c per lb.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown. 6%c for four-crown. 4%'i-6c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c. for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
f»r London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%<f.3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. 508 c for hardshell. 10011 c
for softshell: Chile Walnuts. 11012 c: Almonds,
new crop, 7%c for Lancuedoe and 9%c for !
paper-shell: Peanuts. 607 c for Eastern and 4%
05c for California: Cocoanuts. $15005.
" HONEY— ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber: water white extracted. 7%i@7%c:
light amber extracted, 6%@7c; dark, 5%c
per lb.
- BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
Provisions.
' The demand continues much better than
usual at this time of the year, and quotations
are firm. '-.'.-•'-.
CURED MEATS— B%c per lb for
heavy, 9©9% c for light medium, lie for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%014c: Califor
nia Hams. 13c: Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef. $14; Family Beef, $15015 50; ex
tra Prime Pork. $12 50: extra clear. $16 50; mess.'
$15015 50: Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 5%05%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
T'-c: Pi-lb tins. B%c: 5-lb tins. B%e.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10<gl0%c; medium. 9©9% c; light, 9c:
Cowhides. 9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
13c: dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. shearlings, 20@30c each: short
Wool. 35060 c each; medium.. 7oo9oc; long Wool,
90c® $1 10 each; Horse Hides., salt. $202 25 for
large and $1 2501 50 for small; Colts, 25®50c. -
TALLOW— 1 rendered. 404% c per lb; No.
2 3<53%c; refined, — : grease. 202% c.
" WOOD- Spring Clips-San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months. .-5 He: Foothill and North
ern free ll®14c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive 9011 - Nevada. 11014 c: San Joaquin Foot
hill free. 10(ffl2c: San Joaouln Foothill, .defect
ive 809 c: Humboldt and Mendocino, 16%015c;
Vailev" Oregon, 1701Sc; Eastern Oregon, 12014 c
for choice and 9011% c for fair to good. _-.;
HOPS— IB9B crop. 17% c per lb; 1899 crop,
12%®13c bid and refused. : V W ~
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 6%c; Wool
Bags. 26028 c.
COAL-- Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch $S; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel $8 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In sacks. -.'-,_,.__
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-Ib bags;
Cubes ' * crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c;- Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, 6%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Call
forn'a A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4%c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels,- l-16c more; half-barrels.
%c more; boxes, %<• more: 50- lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Domlncs, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6%c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change in any description.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per Ib for Steers and 6%@7c for
Cows. -  - ■
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c: Ewes,. 6%c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 8c per lb. ' .._,_,
PORK— Hogs. 3%05%c for. small. 6c for
medium and 5%©5% c for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs. 7@S%c.
Receipts of Produce.
For Wednesday, August 9.
Flour, qr sks 6,3os|Sugar, sks 2,720
Wheat, ctls 28,130 Sugar, bbls 12')
Barley, ctls 124,955 Hay. tons 618
Oats, ctls 560 Straw, tons ; 14
Corn, East, ctls.. 600 Lime, bbls 182
Cheese, ctls 107) Brandy, gals .... 4,370
Tallow, ctls 212 Wine, gals 16,800
Beans, skß 4381 Eggs, dozen -11,730
Potatoes, sks .... 1,242 Quicksilver, fisks 50
Onions, sks 830 Leather, rolls ... 139
Bran, sks 1.600 Hides. No 412
Middlings, sks .. 168 Pelts, bdls 3,499
Wool, bags 42 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were well dealt in on the morning
session but changes were few. Contra Costa j
Water declined to $75 6214 and Hutchinson
Plantation was active at $32 60033, an advance.
In the afternoon Contra Costa Water ad
; vanced to $76 25 and Oceanic Steamship fell
: back to $58 50. -
Mining stocks were lower. The telegram from
the pump said: "At 6:30 this morning the
water was 23 feet 7 Inches below the 1950 level
station, the water having risen and fallen dur
ing the past twenty-four hours, while the ele
vator was working continuously."
The Con Imperial assessment sale takes
place to-day.
The Excelsior Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of 5 cents
per share, delinquent September 11.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 9—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid.Ask.
Bonds— Equt G L Co. 3% 4%
4 e quar c0up... 112 — Mutual El Co. 14% 14%
4s quar reg.... — — Oakland Gas.. 48 49%
14s quar new. ..129% .. Pac Gas Imp. 70% 71'
lls quar coup... loS — Pac LCo — 43
Miscellaneous— . 9 F G & E.... 70% 70%
Cal-st Cab 55. .113 — San Fran 3% 3%
> C C Wat 55... — 110% Stockton Gas.. 12 —
1 E L & P 6s 1294115 Insurance—
F&CI Rv 65.. — 117 Firem's Fund. 22s —
Geary-st R ss. — — Bank Stocks-
Id C& S 5%5..107%— Anglo-Cal 68 70
I. ARy 5s 106% 107 Bank of Ca1. .266 275
L A L Co 65.. 99 — Cal S I) & T.. 37 1 . 98%
Do gntd 65.. 99 — First Nati0n1..229 235
Do gntd 55. .- — 100 I-on P & A....129%132%
Market-st 65... 126.4 — Mer Exchange— 16
Do Ist M 55.116U116»; Nev Nat 8k...184 —
NcN G R 7s.HO — Savings Banks—
I N Rof Cal 65. 114% — Ger S & L....1640 —
' N Rof Cal ss. 114 115 Hum S & L.1050 1160
'NP C R R 65. 106% — i Mutual Say... 39 —
'NPC R R ss. 106. .107 9 F Say U 500 50.3
N Cal R R 55. 11 l - IB & L 50.... — 82% !
D G I. & H 55. 11 l — Security SB..— 30)
Oak Transt 65. 11 l' — Union T C 0... — 1465
On C Ry 65...126%130 i Street Railroads—
P& CI Ry 68.103 "— California 116 120
; p & O 6s 115 — Geary : 50 —
i Powell-st 65... — 125 Market-st — —
i Sac El Rv ss. - — Oak SL& H. — 50
IS F& N P 55.U3%11i Presidio — 16
,S F & S JV55.115 — ! Powder—
; Sierra R Cal6s. — California ..... — 170
S Pof A 65...H2 — E Dynamite... S3 —
S I' c 65(1906).112 112% Giant Con Co. 73 73% '
S )■ ,- 65<1906). — 114% Vigorlt 2% —
! S l> <" 65(1912).HS 122 Sugar—
S P C is eg ss. — 107% Hana P C 0.... 16% —
S P Br 6s L'i-VL'o. Haw C&SC. 95 —
. S V.Wat 65.... 116% — Hutch S P Co. 33 33%
S V Wat 45.... 104 — Kilauea S Co. — 30
:S V W 45)3dm)101% — Makawell SC. 48 —
i Stktn Gas 65. .102% - Dnomea 3 Co. 38% —
I Water Stocks— Paauhau S P. 39% 39%
Contra Costa.. 76% 76% Miscellaneous—
Marin County. 50 — Al Pac A55n..U6%117
Spring Valley .lo2%lo2%lMer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. SS 58%
Capital Gas... - - 'Pac AFA ... 1% -
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. -13-.
Cent L & P... — 7 I Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Morning Session.
' Board— ■
10 Contra Costa Water 5 .5
30 contra Costa Water 75 62%
50 liana Plantation Co 16 50
25 Hana Plantation Co 16 37%
100 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar, s 90.... 95 00
30 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar 93 00
75 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 50 j
25 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 62% !
25 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 75 I
40 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 87%
50 Hutchinson S. P. Co 33 00
310 Makaweli- 48 00
25 Market-st. Railway, b 3 62 00
25 Market-st. Railway 62 00
$2000 N. P. C. R; R. 5s bonds 106 75
15 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 70 37%
10 S. V. Water, b 5 102 12%
$1000 S. V.-4s bonds 104 00
Street—
10 S. F. Gas and Electric Co 70 25
Afternoon Session.
Board
20 Contra Costa Water 76 00
50 Contra Costa Water 76 ?5
15 Giant Powder Con 73 641
15 Giant Powder Con 73 l_%
'25 Giant Powder Con., s 30 73 00
30 Hutchinson S. P. Co 32 87%
175 Hutchinson S. P. Co 33 00 •
30 Hutchinson S. P. Co 33 12%
170 Makaweli '. 48 00
$4000 N. P. C. R. R. 5s bonds 106 75
5 Oceanic S. S. C 0....: 89 00
10 Oceanic S. S. Co 88 75
50 Oceanic S. S. Co : 88 50
170 Onomea Sugar Co 38 75
40 Onomea Sugar Co., b 5 38 75
5 onomea Sugar Co 39 00
Street— .
{6000 S. F. and N. P. Ry. bonds 113 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
•BOARD.
%lornlng Session.
Board —
70 Equitable Gas 450 |
20 Hana Plantation _ 16 37U
50 Hana Plantation 16 50 "
20 Hutchinson Sugar 32 37%
30 Hutchinson Sugar 32 "__'
50 Onomea Sugar Co 38 50
60 S. F. Gas and Electric 70 25
IPS. V. Water • 102 25
..'.'•"; Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 Contra Costa Water 75 57%
20 Contra Costa Water 75 75
20 Hawaiian Commercial 94 75
100 Makaweli Sugar Co ... 415 <,$ 1
100 Makawell Sugar Co 4< ]-/
30 Market-st. Railway 61*75
75 Onomea Sugar Co ' 38 371- I
60 Paau- ...u Sugar Co -35 S7 i* I
25 S. F. Gas and Electric 70 25 I
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday-
Morning Session. ' •
100 Andes 221 100 Occidental ... 22
100 Belcher 30 100 Ophir 130
400 Best & Belcher 76 J 100 Overman 13
100 Caledonia • 70 200 Overman 14
500 Chollar 26 1 100 Potosi 45
200 Chollar 25 100 Savage 27
450 Con Cal & Va..2 35 200 Savage 2.
20 Con Cal & Va..2 25 500 Seg Belcher ... 08 j
100 Crown Point .. 27 200 Sierra Nevada. 66
600 Gould & Curry 4.) 200 Union Con .... 37 I
300 Justice 18 100 Utah 13,
200 Mexican 63
Afternoon Session.
ICO Alpha 04, 200 Justice IS !
700 Con Cal & Va..2 20 500 Potosi 44
200 Andes 22 100 Sierra Nevada. 64
200 Gould &. Curry. 47 500 Union Con .... 36
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 291 600 Mexican 63
700 Belcher 30 50 Mexican 62 I
1000 Best & Belcher 7* GO Ophlr 132%
200 Best & Belcher 71 500 Ophir 130
200 Best & Belcher 70 200 ophir 1 27%
500 Bullion 10: 300 Ophir 125;
UM Caledonia 73 300 Ophlr 122%
500 Challenge Con. 29, 100 Potosi 46 |
1300 Con Cal & Va..2 33; 250 Potosi 45 !
300 Con Cal & V.2 32% 200 Savage 28
500 Con Cal & Va..2 30! 900 Savage -'
450 Con Cal A Va..2 25! 600 Savage 26
300 Con Cal & V.2 22% 1 200 Seg Belcher.... 118
200 Confidence 93 200 Sierra Nevada. 6. |
400 Crown Point... 29 400 Sierra Nevada. 64
100 Crown Point .. 23 1 300 Silver Hill 04
1 200 Crown Point .. 30! 200 Union Con 39
200 Gould & Curry 60 700 Union Con ..... 3S
100 Gould & Curry 49 400 Union Con u6
500 Gould & Curry 47)
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha Con 04 600 Gould & Curry 45
400 Best & Belcher 70 200 Hale & Non 35
500 Best & Belcher .1 800 Mexican .. -7
MO Best & Belcher 72 800 Mexican .. -,;
800 Con Cal & Va..2 20; 50 Mexican .... . 53
1200 Con Cal & V.2 17% 500 Ophir _ 20
200 Con Cal &.U.2 22W {500 Ophlr l^U
. 300 Crown Point... 2, 80S Overman .... _\
500 Crown Point... 28 200 Potosi 44
600 Gould & Curry 401 300 Savage 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 9—4 p. -
Bid.Ask.l Bid.Ask
Alpha. 03 04 Justice 18 
Alta 07 09 Kentuck — M
Andes 20 21 1 Lady Wash'ton 01 n.
Belcher 28 291 Mexican . 57 ___
Best & feelcher 71 .2 Occidental 22 __
Bullion 09 lOlOphir ;20 \_
'■ Caledonia '"9 71 : Overman 13 14
I Chollar "24 26;Potosi 44 r,
1 Challenge Con.. 29 30 Savage 23 _.
: Confidence 85 90 j Scorpion ...:... 02 -
Con Cal & Va..2 1.3 220 1 Seg Belcher.... 07 <■%
Con Imperial .. 01 021 Sierra Nevada. 63 65
i Crown Point .. 27. 89 1 Silver Hi 11...... 03 04
I Eureka Con ... 50' — Syndicate 07 -
Con New York. — .03 Standard 2 65 273
Exchequer — 041 St. Louis - 13
Gould & Curry-- *6 48 Union Con 3. 3.
1 Hale & Norc... 35 37 Utah 12 13
! Julia 02 04! Yellow Jacket.. 37. 33
-
<8> : *
Sun, Moon and . Tide.
« ■ ■ <_>
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. ' Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
I the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
! twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
j the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 10.
Sun rises 5:21
Sun sets • 7:09
Moon sets 8:44 p. m.
O Timel Time Time I Time ■
* Ft. Ft. Ft. !- — — Ft.
• H W L. W H W IL Wj
10 1 -.381 4.7| 7:231 1.0 2:03|' 6.3i' 8:10|' 1.4
11 .. 2.14 4.4 7:36 1.4 2:31 6.4 9:00] 12
12 " 3:11 4.0 8:31 1.8 3:06 5.4 9:56 I.)
13 ' . 4:21 3.8 9:14 2.3 3:45 B.al 11:00 0.7
14 "... 5:49! 3.6| 10:05 1.7 4:34 B.6 .■
b W H W L, \V H W!
15 I 0-06' 0.4 7:20 3.0 11:12 3.0 5:34 E 7
1C ' l-10| 0.0| 8:36| 4.OJ 12:26 S.OJ 6:40; 8.8
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th*.
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th<»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a mtnu* sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
| Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, ' San Francisco, Cal.,
August 9, 1899.
I The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
I ■ ' I
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Albion Cape Nome Auk. 10
Pomona Humboldt Auk. 10
I North Fork jHumboldt Auk. 10
I Coos Bay Newport ! Auk. 10
1 T'matilla 'Victoria & Puget Sound Aue 1n
! Fulton Portland 'Auk.11
1 "VVashtenaw Tacoma Auk. 11
; San Mateo Nanaimo |Aug. 11
Point Arena ...I Point Arena |Auk. 11
Corona ISan Diego |Aug. 12
Empire Coos Bay [Aug. 12
Sunol Grays Harbor Auk. 12
Mackinaw ITacoma Auk. 12
Brunswick Oregon Ports !Aug. 13
State California! Port land iAu*. 13
Newburg Gray? Harbor ! Aue. 11
Weeott IHumboldt I Aug. 13
Crescent City..Jf>esrent City lAuer. M
Czarina ' IPuget Sound Aug. 14
Samoa IHumboldt Aug.14
Bonlta (Newport Auk. 1»
Robt. Adamson'Xanalmo [Auk IS
Progreso ITacoma | Aug. 15
Arcata ICoos Bay Aug. 15
China [China and Japan Aug. 15
Australia Honolulu..." | Aug. 13
City of Puebla.. Victoria ft Puget Sound Aug. 1".
Coqullle River. .'Grays Harbor Aug. 18
Santa Rosa [San Diego Aug. 1<?
Columbia IPortland Aug. 18
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
A Blanch' d | Coos Bay 'Aug. 10, 10 amiPier 13
Samoa |Humboldt ! Aug. 10, 10 ami Pier 2
Santa Roea|San Diego IAuk. 10. 11 amPler H
O. Dollar... IGrays Harbor Aug. 10, 12 m Pier 23
Aloha |Pclnt Arena.. ; Aug. 10, 3 pm Pier 3
Columbia ..Portland Auk. 11. 10 am Pier 2V
Coos Bay... Newport Aug. 12. 9 amtPler 11
Pomona ...iHumboldt Aug. 12. 2 pmlPier 9
North Fork. Humboldt Aug.13. 0 am Pier 1
Weeott |Humboldt |Aug.l4, 2 pm|Pler 13
I'matllla ..|Vlc tk Pgt Sd.lAug. 14, in am i ier i
Pt Arena. .IPolnt Arena. .'Aug. 14. 2 Pier 2
Corona 'San Plep-n ; Auk.14. 11 am Pier 11
Brunswick Oregon Ports. Aug. 15, 10 am Pier 20
State Calif-! Portland Aug. 16, 10 am Pier 24
Bonlta Newport Aug. 16. 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Puget Sound.. lAug. 16 I
Areata Coos Bay lAug.16, 12 m Pier IS
Newburg ... Grays Harbor! Aug. 16 I
Hgkg Maru China&'JapanlAug. IT. 1 pm PMSS
San Jn p....' Panama 'Auk 1 12 m PMSS
Steamer.
Destination.
A, .. ; *•
Shipping Intelligence.
$, 9.
. ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 9.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 11 hours from Point
Arena. :
Ship Florence, Ryder, 64 days from Newcas
tle. Aus. •_ __ .
Stmr Luella, Miller. 41 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Grace. Dollar, Fosen, 44 hours from
San Pedro.
Ship Elwell, Ellis, 75 days from Newcastle.
Aus. ■ _ . --
Schr Free Trade, Thorsen, 4 days from Ne
tarts Bay. _ _
Schr Monterey, Beck. 16 hours from Bowena
Landing. . __ ,
Schr Fortuna, Lubeag. 42 hours from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. August 9.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. «_-.... -,)._
Stmr Morgan City. Lombard, Manila, via
"WBS. i Vo i fna GO Car^ e s>'dney and Honolulu;
J £ Hongkong and Toko
fe via Honolulu; oSo : C ohn Rosen-
Ship Aryan. Dickinson. Seattle; John Rosen
fe Br S & Lansing, Chapman, Sydney; J I
F Bark & s 'c'A l Johnson, Honolulu; Williams.
D Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu: Welch & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 9.
Stmr Walla Walla, Gage. Victoria and Port
i: "r Novo. Winkle. Fort Bragg.
5 tI m Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
I mr Areata. Reed Coos Bay.
frnr Whltesboro. Olsen. .
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama via. Honolulu.
«_iir. Glory of the Seas. Freeman. Comox.
Bktn Uncle John. Henningsen.. Eureka.
Schr San Buenaventura, Langkllde, Grays
Harbor Sweasey. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr 'Lena Sweasey. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
«chr. Bessie K. Nielsen. .
Schr Kodiak. Kohler. Ko.liak.
Schr Mary C, Madsen. Fort Ross.
-_chr pioneer. Mikkelson. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Aug 9. 10 p m— Weather
hazy 'wind SW; velocity 8 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 9— Br ship Car
lisle City, after being ashore, and is extensively
damaged. DOMESTIC PORTS.
a DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug s— Schr John
F Miller.' for Hueneme.
Arrived Aug B— Stmr CoQ,uille River, hence
Aug 5.
PORT TOWNSEND— Aug 9— Bark
Sonoma, hence July 19.
Sailed Aug 9— Haw ship Star of Bengal, from
Port Gamble, for Port Plrie.
EASTERN 'PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug .—Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
BALTIMORE— Sailed Aug 8-Ship Wm J
Rotch, for Manila.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Willamette,
hence Aug 6; stmr Victoria, from Taeoma.
Sailed Aug Stmr City of Topeka, for
Alaska.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Aug 9— Schr
Newark, hence Aug 8.
Sailed Aug 9— Schr Corinthian, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr
Alcazar, from . •••.^.-. ...
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Empire,
hence .nt 6.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 9--Stmr Em
pire, hence Aug <*: bark Sonoma, hence July 19.
Shipping Intelligence Continued on
:VV--;l; * Page 11.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HUNDREDS OF
JURYMEN WILL
BE NECESSARY
All Spectators Ask
Separate Trials.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 9.
It will require 260 jurors in the Police
Court to decide the cases of the alleged
prize-fighters and the alleged spectators.
This was decided to-day before Judge
Smith, and In order to get rid of the many
cases on the calendar he fixed the trials
for all hours of the morning, afternoon
and night from August 13 to August 19.
On each of these days there will be sep
arate jury* trials at 8:30 a. m., 10:30 a m.,
: p. m.. 3 p. m.. 6 p. m. arid 8 p. m.
The circus commenced this morning,
when Attorneys Lin Church and Garrity
appeared for about a. score of the male
factors and pleaded not guilty for each of
them. Judge Smith said that In cases of
defendants demanding separate jury trials
the bail would he doubled. This provoked
a discussion with the attorneys, who said
the court had no right to practically im
pose a hardship on a defendant because
he took advantage of his legal rights.
The Judge said this was not his view of
It, but he did so because in case of default
after a jury had been suhpenaed the bail
at present deposited would not satisfy the
expenses of the court.
There is no doubt that some serious mis
takes were made in swearing to the war
rants. H. E. Alden. a real estate man,
declares positively he was not within a
mile of the light, yet his name appears on
the list. Charles -k. a young printer,
who never patronizes such kind of sport.
has also been mixed tip in the affair, but
he is able to prove that he was not even
in the city at the time of the Hunt. It
now transpires that the warrant was for
Charles Bock and had no reference to
Bock.
Attorney Bradley, who appeared for
Bock. wanted the case tried right away,
saying that it would not require one min
ute to prove that his client was not at
the fight.
Many of the defendants also declared
their ability to prove instantly their in
nocence. There was no police officer in
the basement — at least, no officer has yet
acknowledged being there— and therefore
the only proof possible will be that of the
spectators or of the principals, who can
hardly be expected to testify against each
other, as they would thereby be directly
and positively incriminating themselves,
Judge Smith is of the opinion that it
will not be necessary to try all the cases
or to use 252 jurors. With few, exceptions
the evidence will be the same In each case,
and It is possible that a stipulation may
he made by which one case can cove:
about a dozen. This morning one of the
defendants. C. H. R. Ledgett, did not ap
pear, and his bail was forfeited. To-mor
row Bottle-holder Permien will be sen
tenced, he having pleaded guilty, and on
the 30th Timekeeper Green, who also
pleaded guilty, will know his punishment.
Since the arrests have caused the prize
fight to become matter of common gossip
it has become known that the affair was
Dlanned very thoroughly and that scores
of people received invitations to be pres
ent. There seems to have been no secret
about the preparations and it is regarded
as peculiar 'hat some of the police officers
who must have heard of It aid not make
a re.port to headquarters In advance of the
light. ____________________________________
HER HUSBAND WAS
KILLED BY NATIVES
ALAMEDA. Aug. 9.— Dr. Susie Rfjnhart,
a distinguished missionary, arrived from
China Saturday on the Hongkong Maru
and is the guest of Mrs. Edward David
of 1219 Pacific avenue. She will mi) an
address at the Christian Church next
Sunday.
Mrs. Rijnhart and her husband went
into Thibet together as missionaries: at
the risk of their lives. Thibet being closed
to all forelgn-rs. They left their home
in Western Ontario in 1594 and reached
thp northwest border of Thil-ef. traveling
through China in 1895. They lived on the
Thibetian border and made trips into the
interior on missionary work. Las.l Sep
tember, while on one of these trips, they
fp.w the tents of a nomad band, and Mr.
Rijnhart left his camp to get aid of ibeni.
He never returned, and Mrs. Rijnhart
feels certain that he was killed by the
natives.
Mrs. Rijnhart will tell of the mission
ary work of herself and her husband at
the morning service of the Christian
Church Sunday. She will wear ihe na
tive costume.
Mrs. Rijnhart will leave next week for
Tacoma, where she will visit friends.
TO SING WITH THE BOSTONIANS.
Miss Jennie Jehu. Alameda's Sweet
Singer, Has Signed a Contract
With Barnabee.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 9.— Miss Jennie Jehu.
whose sweet contralto voice has made
her popular In musical circles and a fa
vorite in society en this side of the bay,
has been engaged by the Bostonians to |
sing opera the coming season. Miss Jehu I
signed the contract to-day and will soon i
go to New York, where the season opens
on September 11 with a five weeks' en
gagement.
Miss Jehu has been singing with the
Southwell Opera Company at the Grand
Opera-house in San Francisco, where she
has made a decided hit in minor parts.
During the San Francisco engagement of
the Bostonians her voice was tried by
Barnabee. and the veteran manager was
so pleased that he has kept the California
contralto in mind, with the result that
she has been engaged to sing with the
Bostonians.
IT WAS A BLUFF.
A Divorce Suit With a Side Epi- '
sode.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— The Jacoby
divorce case was nearly ended to-night by
a murder. A tragedy was only prevented '
by the appearance of Officer Kyte just i
as an indignant and angry husband was
threatening his wife's companion with a
post-mortem visit to the morgue.
Mrs. Jacoby filed a suit for divorce re
cently, and her husband has decided to
contest it bitterly, declaring that all the j
fault is on the side of the woman who I
deserted him. To-night Jacoby suspected
that his wife Intended to meet Will Stone,
a machinist, whom he alleges is respon
sible for the breaking up of his once
happy homo. He saw him go into a res-
MUST PRODUCE ALL
HIS LOVE-LETTERS
A y_i^\ AKLAND. Aug. Joseph Boardman's troubles only began when he q
s., (( \\ married the High School pupil about one-fifth his age. A new 
9. II J) chapter of wee was added to-day to the sensational story of his life £
1 V_--_-/ during the past six months. *.
9 Attorney Eugene Deuprey came over this afternoon from Judge V
• : . I 'aingerfield's court to serve a subpena on the aged capitalist. Mr. Deuprey £
<f> Is the attorney for Mrs. Elizabeth Gladstone, the widow who wants $250,000 X
# from Mr. Boardman for breach of promise and for the wounds caused to the «
%- aged lady's heart because she Is not now Mrs. Boardman. . . 1
V The subpena is a formidable document. It infers more than It says. Mr. .*,
. : . Boardman is ordered to appear before Notary J. J. Kerrigan in the Pa,rrott £►
? building on August 12 to give such information as Mrs. Gladstone's attorney £
£. desires in the prosecution of her suit. He is ordered to make a deposition. «
4> but that is the least formidable part of the order of court. He must take with J>
# him "all letters that passed between him and his late wife and Mrs. Glad- «
® stone, all written evidences of requests of the deceased Mrs. Boardman. and *
£_ a copy of a trust deed made by Mrs. Boardman." - .f.
2 It is said that before Mrs. Boardman's death she made a deed of trust ,-,
X in which she named Mrs. Gladstone as a beneficiary. It is also said that §
O there are letters in existence that will show that Boardman fully intended to Q
$ make Mrs. Gladstone his wife, and that such an action was even the wish of 1
V his late wife when she knew that death was net far off. The summons was *
# served on Boardman to-night. . .y.
' taurant on Broadway and a couple of
; minutes later he f<3_lowed. His wife was
: sifting' Jat l a table with Stone.' Jacoby
ordered him out cf his wife's company",
but he refused to go. Jacoby then went
outside and waited for his wife and Stone
When they were on the sidewalk he told
Stone that if he did not leave his wife he
would kill him.
The quarrel was at its height when
Officer Kyi appeared. Neither would
[ order the other into custody, and after
the •■a. had told them that if he heard
any disturbance he would lock them all
up, Mrs. Jacoby turned from her husband
and walked off with Stone and Jacob}
told of his troubles to the little crow I
j that gathered.
CHINESE TO APPEAR AT
CAKEWALK CARNIVAL
OAKLAND. Aug. The most amus
ing feature of the Oakland Cakewalk Car
nival, which opens August 16 at the Ex
position building, will be the grotesque
cakewalkers and the Chinese participants.
They were greatly appreciated at the re
cent cakewalk carnival, under the same
management, in San Francisco. The task
of teaching Chinese citizens to disport
themselves in the merry whirls of the
up-to-date cakewalk, is not an easy one.
The method pursued is to place a Cau
casian in charge of each separate Mon
golian and bj the aid of vigorous talking
and efforts the Chipaman is made t.i un
derstand something of the art. His ca
vorting, when on the floor, to the rag
time music is decidedly amusing. There
will be three or four couples of Chinese
cakewalkers in this carnival.
There will be a meeting in San Fran
cisco tins week of the lion. Chmies L.
Patton. General YVartield, Attorney Gen
eral Ford. Hon. J. A. Filcher and the
other members of the California Soldier
Boys' Fund, together with Managers
Buckley and Leonhardt. to see about the
disposal of the $506 which was derived as
a benefit in part from the San Francisco
Intt-rnations.l Cakewalk Carnival. Some
favor turning it over to the finance com
mittee on the reception of the First Cali
fornia Regiment. The original intention
of the managers, who so generously do
nated their portion of the receipts, was
to have the nucleus of a very consider.
able amount of money to be raised for the
relief of honorably discharged sick sol
diers and. to aid the unemployed soldiers
to find employment. However, the man
agers are willing to bow to the wishes of
the majority of the gentlemen who acted
on the board. The management lias also
tendered a port of the receipts here to
the reception fund.
TO PREACH FROM AN •
AUTOMOBILE PULPIT
Novel Project of a Berkeley Evangel
ist Who Will Tour the
State.
BERKELEY. Aug:. 9.— The automobile
craze seems to have affected the local
clergymen of the university town, as one
of their number has just announced his
intention of using the nt-w horseless car
riage as a mean? for winning souls. The
minister in question is Rev. A. S. Parsons
of .1311 Shattuck avenue. Denomination
ally he is connected with the Congrega
tional church and has labored as an itin
erant evangelist for a number of years.
From the celebrity which The Call's
automobile trip from New York to San
Francisco is gaining, Mr. Parsons thinks
that a similar scheme, planned to cover
a large section of the counties of the
State, might prove an effective means of
attracting listeners to hear the gospel
preached. With his object ... view, he
has ordered one of the machines to be
constructed in San Francisco;* and will
start out on his trip within three or four
weeks.
The carriage lias b<=en designed to carry
about t»n persons, as the automobile
party is to consist of the minister, his
wife" and seven children, the eldest of
whom is 17 years of age. The journey has
be-en arranged to last about five months, :
during which the* evangelist and his party
will visit all the important cities in. th" ;
southern part of the State, stopping to
preach at towns and villages on the way.
DAMAGE SUIT OVER
NEVES' VIOLENT DEATH
OAKLAND. Aug. 9.— Julia Neves peti
tioned the Superior Court to-day asking
to be appointed guardian of the persons
and estates of Alfred. Laura. Ernest and
Hazel Neves, aged, respectively. 5. 4 and
2 years and 2 weeks. The estate consists
solely of a claim for damages against
the "Bark Mohican Company," a corpo
ration, for the violent death of their
father. John Neves. The deceased had
been employed on the ship Mohican lying
off Long Wharf, on April - last, and while
some heavy machinery was being lowered
into the hold a yard arm swung out of
position, causing the rope to snap and coil
about Neves' body. In another moment
he was thrown about 100 yards out into
the bay. and whet picked up he was di ad,
with both lees broken. Petitioner Is the
widow and she probably intends bringing
suit now.
Dr. Selfridge's Fine Raised.
OAKLAND, Aug. 9.— Dr. Charles M.
Selfrldge, convicted In the Justices' Court
of cruelty to animals in driving a horse
to and from San Jose at a break-neck
gait, and who was recently found guilty
by a jury in the Superior Court to which
he had appealed the case, was to-day
sentenced to pay a fine of $75.. Incident
all-.- Judge Ellsworth denied a motion for
a hew trial. In the Justices' Court the
doctor's fine was placed at >". but Judge
Ellsworth raised it, and it was promptly
called and paid.
Architects Plans to Be Stored.
BERKELEY, Aug. 9.— A1l the architec
tural plans for the Phebe Hearst compe
tition which have arrived in Berkeley so
far were taken from South Hall, upon the
university campus, this afternoon and
stored in the Berkeley Commercial Bank
building on Shattuck avenue. This pre
cautionary move was taken in order to
prevent their possible loss through fire.
The seven sets of designs yet to arrive
will be stored In a similar manner until
the competition closes.
DROPPED DOWN A SHAFT.
Fred Albert Falls Three Hundred and
Twenty Feet Without Injury.
BESSEMER) Mich.. Aug. 9.— Fred Al
bert, while repairing a steam pipe in the
Valley mine, was scalded and was com
pelled to catch the understrap of a
bucket while 11'" feet down the shaft. He
hung on with one hand until he reached
within twenty feel of the top, when he
called to his partner that he was unable
to do so any longer. His partner, in the
bucket, was unable to give him assist
ance. Albert then dropped to the bottom
of the* shaft Into about six <-.: of water.
a fail of 32 feet, thou, serious injury.
When a party went down after what they
supposed to be his remains they were sur
prised to find him with his head above
the water and uninjured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1899,
VAST SUM OF
MONEY READY
FOR SPENDING
x
Congress Was Not at
All Stingy.
— # —
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 9.
The sum of $350,000 is lying idle at the
National Treasury. As soon as the squab
bling over the estuary improvements is
completed this money can be spent on
the harbor. This statement Is made on
the authority of Major Heuer, the United
States engineer in charge of the work.
Great as is the sum which is ready for
Immediate use on the harbor. Jit.".. will
shortly be added to it. according to the ;
terms of the act of Congress under which
it was granted. Three ears ago Congress -
appropriated $650,000 on the continuous
contract -.stem for the Improvement of
Oakland harbor, "according to the orig
inal plans" These plans are those of
Colonel Mendell, which were prepared
many years ago and which call for the j
construction of he tidal canal at the
extreme east end of the estuary. Oak
land I as always demanded that this end
of tin harbor shall be thoroughly deep
ened nd Improved first, while Alameda,
mainly through its ex-Health Officer Dr. |
McLean, has always contended that the !
original plans of Colonel Mendell were the
proper ones and that they should be car
ried out with the money made available.
Alameda laid out some years ago an !
extensive sewer system. which has tor
its foundation the completion of the tidal
canal, so that there would be a rise and
fall of the tide at the sewer outlet twice
a day The canal was commenced, one ,
expensive bridge was built across it. and
then the seemingly Interminable squabble
commenced and work was delayed.
The Govern engineers are now try
ing to arrange satisfactorily to all con
cerned for only two bridges across the \
proposed tidal canal instead of three.
There are three thoroughfares leading
across what will be the canal after It Is j
cut. but the Government does not see
the necessity of using three bridges, i
There is, however, some legal question ;
regarding the rights of way in which the
Government, private owners and the :
Board of Supervisors are parties in inter- i
est. ["his is the cause of the present tie
up of the work on the tidal canal. In I
the meantime several Oakland people are
interested in trying to have some of the I
money spent deepening the harbor at
once. " These conflicts have proved a posi
tive setback to all contemplated improve
ments, and when matt are adjusted on
a practical basis and work can be carried
on nearly the whole of the $650,000 will be I
available, whereas it was the intent of
Congress to have spent It at the rate of
one-fourth for each of the four preceding
years. , . :
Matters could have been partly settled
before this had the Government engineer
possessed the authority to use his dis
cretion But he cannot go outside the
exact wording of the act granting the ap
propriation, and therefore the canal pro
ject must be carried on if any of the
money be spent unless the next Congress
shall amend the act and authorize,
changes.
At the office of Major Heuer. chief of j
Cnited States engineers in San Francisco, |
to-day bids were opened for the construe- ■
tion of a bridge across the tidal canal
at Hi. street. "''he bids were: Darby
Layd <Sr Co.. $33,700; Pundon Bridge
Company; $21,864: California Bridge Com
pany $24.7.7. Healy, Tlbbetts & Co., I
$29 393- H. Krusi. $25.:>.93; Pacific Construc
tion Company, $28-997; Thomas Thomp- j
son. $31.4?0; Cotton Bros., $32,900.
The bid Of the Dundon Bridge ''"m- j
pany is the lowest. The propositions
will be gone over carefully before the
contract is awarded. This may take |
two or three days. All were San Fran- j
cisco contractors except Cotton Bros. of j
Oakland.
MURDERER REVEALED
TO HER IN A DREAM
Sensation Created by Mrs. Thorn
ton. Accused of Killing Har
Husband.
CARTHAGENA. Mo., Aug. 9.--Mrs.
John Thornton, who has been under ar
rest in this city for several days for the
murder of her husband, John Thornton,
a mining engineer, has created a sensa
tion „ - - , .
She reported to Sheriff Nate Smith of
Jasper County that she had had a dream
in which her murdered husband appeared
before her. and when she asked. 'Tan you
tell who murdered you— me out of this
trouble?" it was revealed to her that
George Roy, her cousin, had committed
the deed. Sheriff Smith, thinking perhaps
that Mrs. Thornton's suspicions might
prove correct, placed Roy under arrest.
Roy to-day confessed to the crime, say
ing he and Thornton had* been at outs for
some time and he killed him in cold
blood. Roy presents a sickly aspect, and !
is evidently in the' last stages of con
sumption.
Change in the Sequoia.
PALO ALTO, Aug. 9.— Arrangements
have been completed for the publication
of the literary magazine of Stanford, the
Sequoia, on the campus instead of In the
city as formerly. With this change all
three of the Stanford papers will he print
ed at the university press. Besides this
change, an effort will be made next year
.to make the Sequoia of more vital interest
to the student body at large by the dis
cussion in its pages of questions of gen
eral interest. The first copy will appear
on September 8.
Gold From Alaska.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 9.— The steamer
Queen arrived to-night with over 300 pas
sengers from Alaska and $200,000 in gold.
The Dawson men left on the Victorian on
July 30. On the way out F. Johnson of
Bre'mner. Minn., who with • two others
were charged with insanity, committed
suicide by jumping from the steamer.
Henderson, accused of murdering a part
ner on the trails a year ago, was sen
tenced to hang August 4. Davidson of the
Klondike Nugget says the output will not
exceed $13,000,000.
Winery Destroyed.
RED BLUFF, .Vug. 9.— The winery of
George M. Stoll, near Red Bluff, was
burned this forenoon and several hundred
gallons of wine destroyed. The loss is
estimated at $3000, partially covered by
insurance. The origin of. the Are Is un
known.
MEXICO'S INDEPENDENCE DAY.
The eighty-ninth anniversary of the in
dependence of Mexico will be celebrated
by the Mexican residents of San Francisco
In grand style on September 16. The feat- \
ure of the ration will be a grand ball
and literary entertainment in Odd Fel
lows' Hall on the evening of that day. At
a meeting In Apollo Hall on Pacific street j
last night the following committee was
appointed to take charge of the arrange
ments for the celebration:
A. K. Coney, Consul General of Mexico,
honorary president; Charlea Baez, president;
Gustavo Levy, vice president; A. de la Torre !
Jr., secretary; J. J. Arzave, assistant secre
tary; A. Mont«ro, treasurer. An executive
committee composed of the following was also
appointed: Dr. A. Maldonado, Ramon Garcia.
Francisco Carranza. Captain Alejandro Rojo,
Vidal D. Medina. Carmen Jimenez, Rafael Ser
rano, Carlos J. Mersiche, Abellno Teled*, Kste
ban Ybarra, Prospero Espinosa, Martin Ohl
rnayer, ; man G. del Palaclo, Miguel J. Luna,
Jcse R. Castellanos. ..
■ ♦ ■
The Navigation Bureau has assigned
to the new cup defender Columbia the
signal letters KPDV. A great oppor
tunity was lost in not making the -three
last letters PP...— Crypt. .
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT.
AUCTION SALE TO-DAY for
boxes and the choice seats at
the Orpheum at high noon.
TURNED OFF THE GAS.
TOO LATE AND DIED
APPEARANCES indicate that Charles Hartwlg was accidentally as
phyxiated last Tuesday night, although the fact that he had been out
of employment tor some time and had failed to obtain remittances from
his relatives in Germany would, if isolated, be ground for believing
that he committed suicide.
At half-pa 9 o'clvck yesterday morning Mrs. M. F. Claymore, landlady
of the house 412 Leavenworth street, noticed a strong odor of gas proceeding
from Hartwig's room. Falling to open his door, she went to the rear.
climbed to the window.- broke a pane of glass and entered the room. She
saw Hartwig's dead body attired in a nightgown lying on the floor between
his bed and the window. The room was full of the fumes of Illuminating
gas. ten to her surprise the gas stopcock was closed.
The gas jet w.a n little ben.tt? the couch on which Hartwig slept and
the stopcock was very loose. A touch could turn it either way, and the
theory is that Hartwig accidentally turned on the gas after he had turned
it off just before retiring, that he was awakened by the suffocating odor.
turned it off and started to raise the window when he was overcome by the
fumes and fell to the floor where he was asphyxiated.
Hartwig always slept with the window closed, and when Landlady Clay
ton opened it yesterday morning she found that Hartwig had hung his
socks on the sill to dry and had shut the window down upon them to pre
vent them from being blown away.
Only 80 cents was found in the possession of the dead man. He had
worked in this city for a while as bartender, but had been out of employ
ment for several weeks. He had well-to-do relatives in Germany, his father,
Franz Hartwig, residing in Hamburg, from which place he had sent until
recently small monthly remittances to his son.
The dead man was 36 years old. An inquest will be held.
ACROSS THE UNION
HE CAME TO MEET
HIS SOLDIER SON
EX-MAYOR STRONG of New York. j
<^-rp T the Palace Hotel, awaiting the
homecoming Hotel, son from the
homecoming of a son from the
If— A\ v-ars. is XX. 1.. Strong. ex-Mayor
H v, of New York and one of the weal
thiest and most prominent finan
ciers of that rich city. He arrived yester
day morning on the Oregon train from
Portland, and will remain until the War
ren the vessel on which his son Is return
ing! comes Into port. She is expected
either the latter part of this week or the
first of next.
Mr. Strong's son is Major Putnam
Strong, who went out to Manila at the
breaking out of hostilities with the Span
ish. He was on the staff of the command
ing general and remained throughout
all the Spanish as well as the Tagalo
trouble, winning for himself honor and
distinction for meritorious service per
formed both in camp and field.
Mr Strong, who was elected to the
mayoralty of New York for the term of
1894-97 is a gentleman of wide influence
and great power in his native State.
Though the position of Mayor is the only
public office he has ever- held, yet he is
recognized as a good part of the power
behind the throne, and there are few of
the big political movements in which his
hand is not made manifest. „„,,,_-
Sneaking of the probabilities of Roose
velt as our next President Mr. Strong
said he thought that Roosevelt was out 0
the race for several reasons, the principal
one of which was the fact that Mr. Roose
velt himself did not desire the office— at
least not now. The election of that gen
tleman to the Governorship of New York
was the result of the enthusiasm engen
dered by his record while in Cuba. A
re-election of Roosevelt to the same office
will be an indorsement by the People of
New York of his policy and of the ad
ministration of his record as the head
and from of the greatest State govern
ment in the Union. This is what Mr.
Roosevelt wants and this is what in all
likelihood he will '.'.
As to expansion, Mr. Strong says that
throughout the entire East there is .1
strong sentiment in favor of retaining
all we have hold of, at least until we re
store some sort of law and order in the
territory we have acquired by the valor
of our troops and the fortune of war.
Traveling with Mr. Strong are his wife
and Mr. and Mrs. Albert R. Shattuck.
The party intend going home by the way
of the Yellowstone Park if the Warren
arrives in time to permit of Mr. Strong
making this trip and getting home in
time to attend to some important busi
ness concerns that need his attention.
Deserted His Family.
Officer "Wadham of the Society for the
Protection of Children is endeavoring to
locate Frank Valiant, a Portland barber.
A week ago he sent his wife and four
little children, ranging from sixteen
months to six years, to this city promis
ing to join them immediately. The fam
ily is now destitute. Wadham communi
cated with the Portland police and found
that the fellow skipped out to parts un
known as soon as he got rid of his fam
ily. The children have been provided for
by the society. _
At Wallasey. England, three boys from
Hoylake were ordered to be birched by
the court for stealing tour pounds of
nails and placing them on a bridge over
which hundreds of cyclers passed. Doz
ens of punctures occurred, and the boys,
who confessed their guilt, were found be
hind a hedge near the bridge, whence
they commanded a good . view of their
victims.
THE FRAWLEY
COM PANY IN
COMEDY VEIN
MICHELET says of the elder
Dumas that his quantity of
mind was out of all proportion
to Its quality; Andrew Lang
tells us that many books signed
by him might be neglected without loss;
our reading convinces us that he was a
master hand at portraying the fictitious
adventures of historical characters, and
common sense advises us that plot and
plan Of "A Fairy Godmother" most inad
equately represent him as an author and
give Mr. Clinton Stuart but little oppor
tunity to use his ability as a playwright,
if the play were not SO pretentious we
might call it a farce, for its lack of seri
ous intention condemns it as such, but
the bubble of a good farce is lost In a
certain heaviness of line and situation
that intrudes itself, in more or less
vagrant mood, throughout the play. In
modern setting, and without historical
weight, it would make a jolly, frothy
farce-comedy, but in its present condi
tion it is neither one thing nor the other
and seems to have no reason for stopping
at the fourth act. It might as well go
r'ght on so long as the characters live.
1- arces may lack a heart Interest and
thrive, but romantic comedies never,
and "A Fairy Godmother" has no heart
Interest whatever. I use the much
abused word "romantic" because the
author does, failing the while to see its
application, for a costume play is not of
necessity -• title. The love scenes, save
one, are entirely flippant and there is not
an incident that makes one lean forward
in his chair. This is said in sorrow, for
there is bright dialogue, a beautiful scene
and some good acting going to waste on
mourned. The prettiest bit In the play
is the firs, scene between Yvonne and
Charlotte, and promises so much that the
after disappointment Is the keener. Miss
Bates is a very talented young woman
and singularly fitted for the role of
Yvonne, but she plays it all at the top
of her spirits and gives no hint of light
and shade. She has the tendercst cadences
in her voice and we have seen her do quiet
passages most artistically, but it would
seem as though she gave us her best (she
does not believe it her best) grudgingly.
It is just this being quiet and not using
superfluous gesture that will one day. if
she give heed to it, lift her many steps
hleher on the ridge of fame.
She has a beautiful silvery laugh, musi
cal as a bell when she wills it so. but
she gives it to us so generously that we
cease to appreciate It at its value. She
should be delicately chary in the use of
so rare a treasure. Finally and without
qualification her articulation is absolute
ly clean, clear, vibrant and intelligent.
She should play Rosalind well, but she
SELECTED TO AWARD
THE PARIS DIPLOMAS
AT the age of 29 to be appointed
as one of the three men chosen
from the whole United States
to pass judgment on the relative
merits of the different horticultural,
vltleultural and mining exhibits of
the entire world at the Paris Ex
position is something of an honor.
Yet this is just what has come
to T. H. Ramsay, the manager of the
Vina ranch, and the best of it is he
has no political Influence or "pull" to
thank for it. He is merely a country
lad who has devoted his energy and
intellect to the cultivation of the vine
and the fig tree, and his appointment
has been offered him because the
Parts Commissioners think he is the
best qualified man in the State to
fill the position, which will pay him
about $1000 in salary.
If Mr. Ramsay accepts, as no doubt
he will, he will be obliged to go to
Paris and remain three months in the
spring and summer of 1900, in which
length of time. It is expected, he will
be able to get through the work of
awarding the prizes.
Mr. Ramsay is a son of Charles
Ramsay, a pioneer who settled in So
lano, where he planted the first'
orchard and vineyard that was ever
started, in the State, and where the
present Commissioner was born in 1569.
Young Mr. Ramsay, after passing through the ordinary schooling, en- *
tered upon the care of the ranch property left him by the death of his '?
father. Thence he went to take care of the Jones Hazelwood farm In San *
Mateo, where he remained until the time he left to accept the management ,•■>
of the famous Vina ranch. The Paris position will not interfere with Irs »
present one, as the Stanford estate will keep the place open for him until his _.
return from his judgment of fruit in the gay Parisian capital. . , ,|
♦ • ♦ j>--e-^--e--3> ■+-<s-•-&-•- Q~*-Q>-+-®-+-<s>-*-'&-+ . ♦ : ♦-♦ ♦♦♦♦♦< ♦ ©
will not unless she give a good half of [
I her affection to the quiet, womanly, ten-.
If der graces that nestle at the very heart Of
| the character and give to its joyous pom
j edy flashes an almost pathetic interest.
i Please. Miss Bates, let your actual per- ;
formance this time be your potential one.
; "Birds that can sing"—
Mr. Frawley as Hercule Dubouloy
floundered about restlessly in an element
he knew not. the nature, of and Alfred
j Hickman, an excellent actor when prop
erly cast, did 'better with the inane role
iof Roger than it, deserved. Miss Mould
| was given her first chance in a lengthy i
i part, hut since it had neither breadth
! nor thickness it gave her no opportunity
| except in the first pretty scene to -how
i her talent. Mr. Reynolds, the Duke
j d'Anjou, had such unutterable bosh to j
i speak and so easily succumbed to the In- i
j fluence of any wand thai was waved over )
I him that his charity in delivering the lines i
i so that we could hear them is gratefully j
accepted with a bow. Mary Van Buren I
made a stately Mm de Malntenon and j
Charles \V. King as Coinpti la spoke the
few lines he had like the artist I believe
he is. if I but had an opportunity to prove
it. He can stand still and look a speech
without ever opening his lips. One thing ;
Miss Bates can do for the whole company
if she will, and that is. give them a few |
lessons in French accent. Their fluency |
of French tongue is not remarkable and j
how they shall pronounce the words I
I when they meet them seems at present
to be "like a lament to the law eh.ii'- :
! cellor," something to be talked about .
i rather than decided. Three fine plays are j
I offered next week— "As You Like It."
I "London Assurance" and Ibsen's "Hedda
Gabler." We are grateful to Mr. Frawley
for giving us this opportunity and not
| unmindful of the heavy rehearsing and j
i tireless effort their presentation must |
I mean. Bis; bouses should encourage such j
enterprise. j
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
-
CAPTAIN BURTIS AND
HIS MATE SUSPENDED
FOR LETTING THE WEEOTT GO
UPON THE ROCKS.
Compasses Had Not Been Swung to
Ascertain Their Deviation From
the True North in This
Latitude.
Captain Bolles and Bulger, United
States Inspectors of Steam Vessels, ren- ;
dered ._:■■■ yesterday In the matter j
of the damage to the coast steamer j
Weeott. which struck upon a rock be
tw.pn Stillwater Cove and Salt Point, J
: Cal.. on July 12 of this year. The vessel j
was damaged to the extent of 5250.
In rendering their opinion the Inspec- .
tors laid stress upon the testimony of
Captain S. H. Burtis. to the effect that
he had no deviation card; nor had the j
Weeott been swung for deviation since
the deck around the pilot house had been
built He testified, also, that the polar'S {
was out of order, and that he was de
pendent upon the course steered between
Point Bonita and Point Reyes; soring the
land for correcting his compasses on the
trip
The Inspectors found that Captain P. j
IH. Burtis had been negligent nd unskill
ful in not getting the deviation of the i
compasses before he left San Francisco,
especially as there was a large quantity j
:of iron on the deck. He could have easily
I obtained the variation, as the United
■ States Government has established mag- ,
i netic ranges for determining the devia
tion of the compasses on the bay of San
i Francisco. The captain was also negli
gent In leaving the vessel in charge of
the chief mate, who was not familiar
! with the coast, and in not ordering the i
i mate to send for or call him at a certain .
! time. - ,
Mate E. G. Rouse was censured for not :
I calling the master sooner than he did ;
when he first saw the land, and for not
putting the helm to starboard and head- j
ing the vessel off shore. _ _ _
The captain's license was suspended for '
two months and the mate's license for
four months.
COURT NOTES.
Winifred Morton, a colored woman liv
ing In Gercke alley; Frank Shelton. her
landlord, also colored, and Ignaeio Cruse,
an Italian, afforded considerable amuse
ment to- the habitues of Judge Mogan's
court yesterday by recounting their tales
of woo. Shelton was accused of hitting
Mrs. Morton with a cane and Cruse with
throwing rocks at her. Shelton retal
iated by accusing Mrs. Morton of throw
ing a cuspidor, water pitcher and rocks
at him. The trouble was over Mrs. Mor
ton's dogs and cats. The Judge, after
listening patiently for an hour to th^ir
stories, reserved his decision till to-day.
Joseph Dondero, representative of the
Committep of One Hundred in the Forty
fourth District at th*! primary election,
and James Demartini. representative of
the . lineyites, who had a fight, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday and after
hearing both sides of the story the Judge
dismissed both cases.
Alfred Barletta, a tinsmith living at
£..'-• Broadway: celebrated his birthday
Tuesday by sitting at the open window of
his parlor with a hatchet in one hand
and using his other hand to throw pieces
of coal at pedestrians. His wife and three
children were in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday and when the Judge convicted
hint of disturbing the peace they set up
a howl. The Judge continued the case
for sentence till to-day. and Barietta will
likely be let off with a reprimand.
XX.' M. Grogen, a soldier belonging to
the Fourteenth Infantry, appeared before
Judge Graham yesterday on a charge of
battery upon Ah Kee. a porter for Gold
berg. Bowen & Co. About 7 o'clock yes
terday morning Grogen, who was drunk,
knocked Ah Kee down, and explained to
the Judge that he thought the Chinese
was a Filipino, and as he was going to
fight the Filipinos he thought there was
no harm in what he had done. The
Judge talked to him severely, and he went
down on his knees and begged ror mercy.
The Judge convicted him, but suspended
sentence for thirty days.
Detective McMahon secured a warrant
in Judge Graham's court yesterday for
the arrest of l.nm Sang, who murdered
Ah Gum, a Chinese woman, on July 25.
The detective expects to have the mur
derer under arrest soon.
Assayer Hitchcock's Death.
Ed-ward C. Hitchcock, an as«ayer. 2S
years old, was found dead in bed yester
day morning- at 1045 Market street. He
had been subject to epileptic fits. The
body v-a* taken to the Morgue.
T. H. RAMSAY.
'" «CARTEKS'
SiOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
JLittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dysperafat
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHU Small Dose.
Small Price. :j_
2 vTsTf OR JORDAN'S great J
.MUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
$ __fr lon BASEST ST. tat. e_,S7i_. SLF.CU. g
T qf The Largest AnArnrr.ic*! Museum in the \
U ____3___4_ Wor, d We;i_;ne.-.e. cr any ct>-ir.-ct_rl B
___________F^_B__l f l l<,r " l>? poMiliwrlj- cured the oldest J
$ fKjsj 1 Specialist < v the Coast Est. 36 yean (
1 df^l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
(jfjfll On. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
9___9____\ o.«uit_t;^tn free and stri-tly priva:-
A 3 _^_f I "^" " ment pe'innaliy or by letter. A M
\flHr W If M -' * Cur. m every un.lerra_rn. t
Aril I.B. Write for Book. rmi.OWUI>HYcf/
TI J IT MAIinIAGK, MAILED FREE. ...V
— ii li valuable book for men) a
f nil. JORDAN «__•*'«>. 1051 Market .AFT
•^"^^ Dr.Gibbon'_sDlspensat7 c
.>_rs^-_l^ ' > — «~ KEAHJJ V SI . E* ta&lTslind
_5» I r^Jfß '" /*■"'* or the tr'-ainrrit ot Private
M*kJJ&&_\W Diseases, Lost At 01: hood OeWUt] or
*KV?^^£ift3& ,1 ' -'"' ' '•' — irln^oii bodyand mlndsod
*J_S2>s3s_3s_- •"'kiii .'lis-'usca. I'faC- doctor en re
«S_SHhOT_S '' t>,(:l -" ''' - Try il,tr - Charges 1.1 -.i
r^__-___.-a'i_-___i '" i" i' i ' triiaranl-.d, C.- '.'■ ur -.vi ir.-
?*r- J !•' •_U__iO>' Mi»st yjS>7. Sac FrrncL.<.n
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PcgesaSß-S The _•. S. Australia
■l __.___;__. ?;Ul -° f " r Honolulu
August 23.
±_s^*\y\ S. S. Alameda sails
iIH-im < -nin_J v 'a Honolulu and
»ltaiil->IHt/^^ Auckland for Sydney
ftsmFtf.f--r-~ Wednesda >'' September
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; ,610 first class.
.. 0. SPR_.CKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 14 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
ij^^ Steamers leave Broadway
!»__»-__. wharf. San Francisco:
_|_y_S%_L For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
\ *lft>?S_?&«S* August *. ?. H. IS. 24. 23. Sor>-
-7 9»K »!>>_Vv%^. tember 3. change at Seattle.
' B_______K l__l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
4 H_S_£_B____l C.l, Port Townsend, Seattl".
1 P a **^&'^_i\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacort«s
I t^-S_y^l and New Whatcom (Wash >.
"* 10 a. m. August 4. 9. 14. 13.
24 29 September 3. and every fifth day ther«-
-nr'teV-' charge at Seattle to this company a
Eteamera for Alaska and O. N. Ry.. at 1%-
-na "N P- RV-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. August
„ - 127 17. 22. 21. September 1. and every fifth
r % %inta"cn^. Monterey. San Rlm»on.
Cayurc-. Port Harford 'San Luis Obispo).
• Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
Sal Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) -d
N'.^wr.rt 9 a. m.. August 4, 8. 12. 16. /'■. -'.
IS September I. and every fourth day there-
af p e , r -: = an Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fort l ii™ Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
\r.a Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). I, a.
m Aulust 2, 6 10. 14. I". 22. W. 30. September
3 : '*and every fourth day thereafter.
■Par Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cab-. Mazatian Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. .th of each
"'For fortlMr Information obtain folder.
The wmpany reserves the right to Change
-vlthoutTevlous notice steamers, sailing da. -.
a Tl4skst° OFFICE-^ New Montgomery
j rt JSJ>DS£K°PEnWNB * F CO.. Gen r Agt^
uu 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TBE 0. R. & N. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:po:R.Tr__A_xsr;D
From Spear-street Whr_rf nt 10 a. m.
CftDC Pi* First Class Including Bert*
rAtIE $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALXF0RN1A^a^......^.^.......
- lA ' fc ' Aug. 6. 16. 26. S*pt •.
--'A'T-'-V.niAsalls Aug 1. ■}•- 21. 31. Sept. in.
: f Short line to Walla Walla. St.okane>B««te.
I Helena and all points In the Northwest.
I Through tickets to all point, Fas,
| inruuei WARD. General Agent.
' 630 Market rt.
GOOPAIX. PERKINS V C g_ P cn n ten-«-n--
___________________^___. ____-_-——— "" T
"AMERICAN LINE.
*__- YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI3. ,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 ft. a
St. Paul August St. Pa.,l PePtember J
New York.... August 23 New- York Sept. 11
St. Louis August 30 St. Louis Sept. to
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday. IX «*«
Kensington ....Aug. 16 Southwark . .. - Sept. «
Noordla^.-.-Aug. 23 VVesternland ...Sep «
Friesland Aug. 30 1 Kensington ....Sept. -)
. EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to _.___ . -..,-
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Mont_omerrj at-^or. any of Ite «'" -
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
v^ no' First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Htoco), Nagasaki and Shanghai, ant
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India. etc. No cargo received on board c _ day
of sailing.
AMERICA M-\RF Friday. October 6
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
_ Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. cor. First.
XV. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
COWPAONIE OENEBALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINK. TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday nt 10 a. m. <_  fj. *N
from Pier ._. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA BRETAGNE August .lS. LA
NORMA VI -IF.. August 2d; LA TOI-RAINK.
&cpt 2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Sept. 9: LA GAo ;
COGNK Sent 16. First-class to Havre. J»v>
pnd upward.'3 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second clas's to Havre $45 10 per «nt reduc-
tion on round trio GENERAL AOENCi FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. » Broad-
way (Hud«on »_«>, New \ork. J. F FU-
GAZI & "C.. Pacific Coast Agents. » Mont-
g rmery aye.. Pan Francisco.
~gAY~A!TP~MV-iB WKr-MFft*
STOCKTO^XCURSIO>iS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Villi leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a- m.
daily returning from Stockton ai 6 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. lo-
_!.•!• v (excepting Sunday).
- CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IM_\ CO.
Telephone Main 305. _^ -".
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a m 2:13. 8:30 p m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days Ipm and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
! p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock.
Tier N... 2. _ Telephone Main _i*S.
i FARE • «>«
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
rail, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 1. o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:"0 o'clock. >
SCO Hayes street: open until 8:30 o'clock
889 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.firkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1.41 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. .
IPO Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
?-2S Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. .y
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. I. T. ? a nd A. »
M. will meet THIS (THL-R&DAY) _/^,
EVENING, August 10. at 7:30 o clock. fcM.
Eirst Degree By order of the Master./ "V
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M ; — ____,
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- T&J\
..onic Temple. 268S Mission st. Mark / V
Master Degree. By order of the 11. P.
JNO. R. H I LLM AN. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. ■_
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS A
(THURSDAY) EVENING. at IKXX
o'clock. First Degree. By order of /V J
the master. E. C. HARE. Secretary^
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. end A.M., ■
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS _*a_
(THURSDAY) EVENING. it 7:30 /\J\
o'clock. Third Degree. Master Masons ' _* *■
are cordially Invited. By order of the W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
FACIEI'" Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. -^^KSSr
F. will initiate THIS EVENING, if «__§_
August 10. 1.99. Visiting brothers "^^j^.
cordially invited. _
FRANK P. ASHWORTH, Rec. Sec.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle T CT $-
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3_ OJJ
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 "^J__*
O'Farrell St.. at S o'clock. Full at-
tendance requested.
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits 4
adjusts accounts for corporations 4 firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE 4 GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher -City and County Attorney) have
mcved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. .25-555 Market st.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law _ specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty a; law. ...0 Market, c o r. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St., room 67; advice
free: charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE .-_ NAGLE. Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
iSpreckels Building. 927 Market St.
L. S. CLARK -Emma Spreckeis building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st.. opp. Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS .-.'. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
c . ™
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 ■> week up; Swedish home; parlor.
FRUITVALE; priv. board: extensive grounds,
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Frultvale ay.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy lirst-class; 1714
Market St.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
suites without board, $1 per day; single rooms.
BOc: special rates by 'nth, also to tourists.
LAS PALM AP. 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board ..p.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
-Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
PRIVATE boarding; home cooking; terms $3
per w»ek. 72^ ._. Howard st^
BOARDING FOR CHILDK.N.
GERMAN lady having a nice h.me and alone
would like one or two children to board;
. near school. Box 1461, ''all office.
CHILD to board: sunny yard; nice neighbor-
hood. Apply 2618 Bush st.
WA.NTED— One or two children to board. Box
1143. Call-
WANTED— A child one to four years old to
board; best of care. 48 Chesley st.
■ ■ '
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD,
CASH pa'-d for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER. 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
SCHOOL ROOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Rook Cr.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
«, —$500; PARTNER 'wanted In pork and sau-
sage factory; knowledge of business not nec-
essary; 'inly good lively man wanted to at-
tend books and outside route. WILKE, 806
Market si. _J
_\ — $2650; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery
and bar on Eddy st. ; a splendid location and
first-class paying; stock will Invoice the price;
living room:-: horse and wagon: death in fam-
ily only cause of sale. WILKE, 906 Market.
A -$1200; SALOON and lunch house, with living
rooms; surrounded by factories and ware-
house; rent $15; a money-making place. Call
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
—$350: DELICACY and dairy produce stand
In leading market; horse, wagon: all fresh
goods; a bargain. WILKE, 906 Market st.
$1250: SALOON on Third st., close to Call
building; rent $_0; established years and pay-
ing splendidly; investigate soon: a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; low rent; estab. years; first-class pay-
ing- very best location on Hayes St.; owner
to leave the city. WILKE. 806 Market st.
A— s3so; BAKERY In lively country town, close
to the city; rent $20; daily sales. $20; all cash
store trade: full value in Eight. Call R. G.
WILKE. 9 6 Market st.
$1000— WANTED— A partner to act as treas-
urer In a vaudeville show under circus can-
vas; will guarantee profits to In vest S3OO
per month. Call WILKIE 4 CO., 806 Market,
8500 — CORNER grocery and bar, In best part
Western Addition; present owner there 5
years; must be sold at once on account of
settlement of estate. LESS & •. J., 765 Mrkt.
»4 . FIRST-CLASS restaurant with 6 living
rooms; excellent location; well-establlsned;
receipts $15 day; must be sold; rare bargain;
Investigate. M. LESS 4 CO.. 765 Market st.
'$200— RESTAURANT; best part city front: es-
tablished 32 years; receipts $12; rent $22
LESS. 765 Market st.
A- $250; locksmith shop for sale; bargain this
day. . McLaughlin & co . 777% Market st.
$350— SALOON: bargain; sickness cause ot
sab- Mclaughlin & CO.. I~\_ Market st.
TO sell or exchange- Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. Dl NNISON. 783% Market St.
ONE of the best manufacturing businesses of
articles of consumption; proprietor will re-
main until manufacturing parts are under-
stood or will take a good salesman as partner.
!__>_ particulars address box 443, Call office.
NEW YORK Kitchen, San Jose, location per-
fect; paying well; everything first class; rea-
son sickness; no reasonable Immediate ..ash
offer refused Call or address 18 North First
s,t.. San Jose. \
OR( rent— Rare chance; on account of sick-
ness, fine summer resort doing good business:
near railroad station. Alameda County. For
further Information call S. STERN. 34 Fourth
."ANTED— Men 'or rich Government oil lands:
best chance ever offered to make money. Eor
full particulars address S. KLEIN, box 1303.
"ANT go -I contractor or business man with
SSOOO; contract can be completed In 60 days;
Immense profits. Box 1442. Call office.
$.'.2i- BARGAIN ; Decker square piano; worth
$1000; almost new. BASILS. 8 Eddy st.
BARGAIN Grocery: large stock; good trade-
fine fixtures. NW. cor. 4th and Clay. Oakland
PHOTO supply and stationery store. In one of
the best Interior towns near city; price In-
cludes furniture: $100; snap for a practical
photographer; rent. Including water, $7 50 a
month; sickness only cause for selling; call
early. Room 2. 1007 V. Market st.. near Sixth.
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large cellar;
horse and wagon; paying business. 808
Second st. bargain.
_ CIGAR stores; bargains. Room 2, 1007_ Mar-
ket St.. near Sixth.
BARGAIN— Lark Saloon, 1-' Seventh st., I. O.
O. F. building, epp. New Poatofflce building.
WANTED— For cash, small grocery and bar.
Address box 1080, Call office.
$500— PARTNER wanted, good house, 50 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1019. Call.
CIGAR stand; good location; bargain. In-
quire ; ' Eddy St.. 10 a. m., 8 p. m.
SMALL restaurant for sale; cheap rent. 202
' Ninth st "" ■ _
«ro__pELiCACY and general store; best loca-
tion' living rooms; average $500 per month.
Apply __j Eleventh at.
trOR sale Nice delicatessen and lunch room;
living rooms; fine location: cheap. 414 Jones.
ivm nale-^TTgooA home bakery; for particulars
'*T .-V at 2585 Market St.. near Sixteenth.
Inquire ai-"'
j. McELLIGOIT.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
COUNTRY store, consisting of bakery, confec-
tionery, ice cream parlor.'," etc. ', -clearing $100
1 I monthly; see this chance; price $dOO. HEAL..
917 Market St.
' i $173— LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy,
etc.; rooms. HEALY*. 917 Market st.
THE best paying home bakery and delicatessen
store; large stock of home-made fruits and
relishes: lunch rooms; living rooms; first-
class trade; low rent. 514 Eleventh st., Oak-
-1 land.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busb
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
■ ! Market Ft. .
, FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the
beet towns north of San Francisco. For par-
- I ticulars Inquire at this office.
! FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
in city. Box 1473. Call office^ ____
' ! COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
XV. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
BARGAIN— Meat market: $250: splendid lo-
i > cality: cash business Apply owner. 50' ''astro
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
■ ! ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
' 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
i ; buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
1 WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
, send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 853-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'B California Carpet Cleaning Co.. !
453 Stevenson st. : tel. South 22.: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
j CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. i
■ STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. I
1 • J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th ,
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
1 CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
■I UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. office and factory. 21 Spear st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR VAL.
The world's greatest clairvoyant and trance
medium. • _
Do you wish to know facts you should
• know? If you will succeed in your under- ,
takings? If you will win your lawsuit? If (
your domestic troubles will soon end? If you
will obtain jour ambition? If you are loved? ,
If you will succeed In your love affairs? If
sick will you be cured? If past troubles
will torment you? If you are lucky In specu- |
lations? Do you wish Information you ought |
to have concerning your future? Does an-
ther share the love and attention that should
belong to you?
Guarantees Success In All Cases.
■ i Call and be convinced.
! PROFESSOR VAL
NO 1130 MARKET ST.— NO. . 1130.
MRS DR. CLARK. '
the well-known trance medium and clalr-
'■ voyant may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While* entranced she will ■ -veal every
hidden mystery; 6 ' c will show you how to
overcome your enemies: remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unites the sep- I
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty: locates treasures and minerals: tells :
your entire life, past, present and future,
while In a perfact trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send stamp for circular
with special "terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
P23', Market St.. near Sixth. Always consult
the best
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future: never fails; has the greatest
I Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife: fee, 25c and up: satisfaction to
! everybody; lucky numbers. 910 Howard. nr.oth.
1 MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies. 50c: gents. «1: sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
■ ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; tells your life from
cradle to grave. 50c. $1 up. 106 Taylor, par. 3-5.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading. 25c up. 5 7th.
' MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past, .
; present and future, Kc. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st., rooms 2-3.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 2'sc up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
I RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards: satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
I MME. AUGUST. 1149 Mission St., clairvoyant.
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay; 25c.
CONSULT on matters of business, health and
I happiness LAJHI. the Psychic. 120 A Eddy st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
! advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
' MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES-
j GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
DEVTISTS.
i A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS- dental parlors. 927
Market Bt., over Cafe Zlnkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas j
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold •
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c; |
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and |
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit |
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
I A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY". SYNOL
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and th» nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 ;
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor, 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
! flee hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9to 2
l p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. D.. Manager.
I DR. GEORGE XV. LEEK. 20 O'FarTell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st . near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 year? lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
; SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1.41 Polk st. r
MEYER. 6 Turk: Deutscher Z_hnarzt; crown
| and bridge work: open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
1 OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. f.c up; crowns.
I $3 up: open evenings. 850 Market St.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103
; Post st.
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS INESTmiTE^OF^ARTp^
SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
This school will reopen on Monday, August
7th; drawing, painting and modeling from
life; still lite or antique; half-days, $7 per
month; whole days, $10 per month, or $37 50 .
per term of i\_ months; night classes Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Fridays; antique $3 I
and life $5 per month. For further particulars I
apply tc the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art i
or at the school building, corner of Pine and ;
j Mason streets. J. R. MARTIN, Secretary.
j HEALD'S Business College 24 Post St., San
Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy, i
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
j lug, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy.
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory, I
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed In positions;
! students can enter fcr any course any time;
i no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
| log free. .—:-..
! THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses In all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
A— HOPF'S Singing, Piano School; summer
rates. V 4; French. Spanish dally. Merc. Li-
brary. 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours. 2 to 8.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day and eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 938 Market.
A LADY* teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
60c an hour: excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or privte; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
j PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
THE SAN. FRA-N CISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1899.
EDUCATION
ATRES^Business College, 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
I li-h 'cojecraplty. under (qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. $60. catalogue. ->■<■ '.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night 4 , correspondence.-
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayand night; terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant ...
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Female.
FRENCH cook, American born, understands
all kinds of soups, meats, fowl, pastry and
ices, German, English and French styles,
having the best of references, desires situa-
tion. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
GERMAN second girl, good seamstress, would
take care of children; first-class references.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman by the day; all kinds of
work. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. .__
FIRST-CLASS infant' nurse desires situation;
best of local references; city or country. MISS
D. C ELLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NORTH German lady, graduate from German
normal school, wants to fill the forenoon
hours as visiting governess, private teacher
or companion to lady. MISS W.. 2130 Bush.
AN experienced stenographer and typewriter,
with good references, wishes position. Ad-
dress box 1460, Call office.
' AN American woman wishes position to do
house-cleaning, washing and ironing; 81 a
i day and car fare. Box 1142, Call office.
YOUNG German girl, speaks German only,
| wishes situation to assist with general house-
\ work. 1534 Lyon st. ; bakery.
IUNG woman wants home in city; willing to i
i give light service and experienced, but lost
her hearing. Box 1302, Call olHce.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes work; Is good
cook and housekeeper: city or country. Ad-
dress 136 Fifth St., near Howard. .
RESPECTABLE young girl wants a situation
as a nurse girl or second work; wages $12
month. 14 Rlncon aye.. off Second st.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day.
housecleaning or washing. 24 Bridge place,
top floor, oft Broadway.
YOUNG German woman would like work by
day; laundry, cooking or cleaning. 2010 Fol-
som st.
WANTED by a Protestant woman, a position
as working housekeeper; good references. 912
Howard st.
I LADY" pianist wants position. Address 318
Minna St.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class cook;
wages $35. 2010 Folsom St.
BY" a respectable girl, a place to do housework;
is a good cook. Address box 304, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. 821 Mission St.. room 1.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook;
willing to assist with housework or wash or
general work In small family. Apply 503
Franklin St.. near McAllister.
SITUATION wanted by a competent working
housekeeper; Is a good plain cook; small
wash; city or country. 206 Fifth st.
ITOUNG lady would like a position as type-
writer or office work. Room 29, second floor,
906 Market St.
COMPETENT German cook wishes situation;
city or country; wages $25 to $30. Address
316 Golden Gate aye.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
rework. Address 217 A Francisco st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In hotel
or private house by woman with child nine
years old, city or country. Address MRS. E.
XV.; 2038 Pacific aye., Alameda. Cal.
A CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
would like to instruct ladles whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of
Sherman Clay & Co.. cor. Kearny and Sutter.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation In the
country in good family. 1263 Broadway, near
Hyde st.
PLAIN sewing and mending for 1 week only.
11 Taylor st.. room 1.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best tel p. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
YOUNG man of good appearance and first-
class references, well acquainted throughout
Arizona and New Mexico, wants to represent
a good cigar or liquor house in those terri- j
tories. Box 1444. Call office. |
ENGINEER and machinist, age 32. used to sta- \
tionary and traction engine; also dynamos;
handy with all kinds of tools; AI references.
Box 1447, CalL
COOK. German, 27, married, wishes a steady
position In a cafe, restaurant or saloon.
Please call or address G. XV., 774 Folsom st.
SOBER man (married) wants steady job In
carpet and furniture store; expert carpet-
layer. Address box 1446. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener in
private family; reference. Address J. A
MacDONALD, 214 Third st.
YOUNG man with some experience In pictorial I
painting and drawing wants situation to !
learn decorating and graining. Address E. I
O. N., 410 Kearny St.. room 10.
COOK— AII-round plain meat and pastry cook
and bread baker Is open for Job. Cook, ft\_
Fourth st., room 7.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese waiter wants situa-
tion in family. Address box 1079. Call office.
WANTED— or house cleaning; wall
paper cleaned or other work. 11. ANDERSEN,
952 Bush st. Telephone East 963.
PRINTERS— Up-to-date foreman (now in
charge) will make change If firm Is enter- !
prising and hard work appreciated; can take j
entire charge of Inside: competent, sober, re-
llable. Address "FOREMAN." box 1158. fall.
exchange:.
60 HOUSES and lots, from $500 to $20,000
30 In Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley: $50 to 50,000
44 ranches, from 2 to 2000 acres; $60 to.. 10.000
48 hotels, rooming, boarding houses: $200 6,000
74 stores, saloon, business places; $lpo to. 4,000
2 stores anu 5-room flat In Los Angeles. 2.500
40 acres of land for rooming house 600
HENRY C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
H EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's 'glasses. GEO.
MAYERI.E. German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 107 D. Market St.. San Francisco, Cal. ;
glasses fitted by mall.
I — .
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY corner lower flat; 5 rooms and bath.
11? Fillmore st.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath? gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th st., nr. Dolores.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath. 1523 Leavenworth
St.. bet. Pacific and Jackson; rent $14.
FULTON. 146— Good lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16.
MISSION, 544. 546— Sunny side: first floor; 8
rooms; nil In Rood order.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath; rent $15. 245 Ninth st.
PAGE, 131 near Market— Six rooms, laundry,
bath and basement good for shop; $18.
EDWIN & HOWELL.
SEVENTH. 122— Sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath; $25; water free.
SUNNY lower flat 4 rooms, bath and yard.
12 Shot well St.. near Fourteenth. ■.-■.<
FURNISHED BOUSES FOR SALE.
NEATLY furnished house 9 rooms, on Pine St.,
near Powell; price 8550. Box 1081, Call office.
FCKXITIII- FOR SALE.
PERSIAN range, $7; bureau and washstand
and other furniture cheap. 727 Franklin st.
NICE oak bedroom set nearly new; also car-
pet cheap. Box 1624, Call office.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP WANTED — Female.
NEAT young girl to assist, $10 to $15 per
month. MISS D. CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
10 SECOND girls, $25, $20 and $15; parlor maid
and waitress, $20, country; waitress and laun-
dress. $20, private family; 2 French second
girls. $20 each. MISS D. CULLEN. 826 Sut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK. Mill Valley, $25; city. $25; Ger-
man cook. $25; 10 houseglrls. city. $15 and $20
each. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.;
phone Main 651.
WAITRESSES, $20. for springs and country
hotels: bathwoman for springs, $20. HOTEL
GA7.ETTE, 26 Montgomery st., room 18.
YOUNG girl to assist with very light house-
work and children. 1303 Page St., nr. Lyon.
EXPERIENCED hand on vests and one ap-
prentice. 628 Stevenson St., upstairs.
HELP WANTED— FemaIe.
- WANTED— or English nursery govern-
ess, $25; 3 German nurses, $30 and $26; neat
f Irish girl as nurse and seamstress. $20; 6
• waitresses for private boarding-houses. $20; 6
waitresses, restaurants and coffee houses, $d
and $6 a week; Scandinavian cook, American
_- . family. $25; 10 German girls, cook and plain
. wash, $25 and .$3O; pantry girl, $20; second
girl, $20; German second girl, $20. and a large
I number of girls of all nationalities for cook-
ing and general housework In city, at $20 and
$25. Apply to J, F. CROSETT 4 CO.. 316 Sut-
" ter st. ■
. WANTED— girl general housework, for
- nice American family in country. $20, fare
* paid; cook and helper, small country board-
ing-house, $37; 3 second girls, short distance,
$20; chambermaid assist waiting, Monterey
County hotel, $20, fare paid; head waitress
and 2 waitresses for a mountain hotel. $20
, and $25; chambermaid and laundress, private
1 family In country, $30; cook, wash and Iron,
short distance, $30; cook for farm hands, $30;
'. waitress, country restaurant, $25; waitress
for institution, country, $20; fancy ironer,
_ country laundry, $30. Apply to J. F. CROS-
I ETT 4 CO., 316 Sutter st. ]
' COOK. $35; 2 cooks. $25 and $30; 2 girls for San
Rafael, same house, $20 and $18; cook. San
f Rafael, $30; second girl. $20; 2 nurseglrls, $20
and $25; housekeeper, $15; waitress, $20; young
second girl, $15; young second girl, light
; work, $12; nursegirl, $10; cook. Menlo Park,
i $30; 50 housegirls, $25 and $20; ranch cook. $25;
houseglrl, San Jose, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
l ■
l C. R. HANSEN 4 ...PHONE GRANT 185
r Head waitress, $25; 4 waitresses, city, $20; 3
chambermaids to wait, $20; waitresses for
- Healdsburg, Stockton, Marysvllle and many
, country places $20 to $25- woman cook. $30.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook and second girl. $50, 2 In family, short
way in country; second girl for country home,
) $20, fare paid, and many competent women
_ and girls for cooking and housework, city and
country. $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN 4 CO.,
104 Geary st.
'. REFINED nurse for a young child; good ref-
erences. Apply at 2100 Washington St..
Thursday. August 10, between 11 and 12 a.m.
_ WANTED— Experienced girl as nurse for two
small children and assist with other duties;
must have good reference. Apply 2672 Pine.
. WANTED— A neat Swedish or German girl for
downstairs work; must be a good cook. 1180
O'Farrell st.
! WANTED— for general housework; Ger-
man preferred. Call between 10 and 12 at
2016 Buchanan st. . *j_
' FAT ladles wanted; good compensation. Apply
' at the Olympia, Mason and Eddy sts., bet. 1
and 2 to-day.
. GIRL to assist In light housework. 630 Lyon
street.
i GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply morn-
I lugs, 2017 Broderick st.
GIRL to mind baby and assist; good home;
5 small wages. 828 Turk st.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking at 321
'. Bartiett st., between 24th and 25th.
GIRL for housework. 96 Cumberland st., cor.
| Dolores; call after 10 a. m.
A GIRL or woman for light housework; must
J sleep at home. 720% Ivy aye.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 2111
Geary St.
' EXPERIENCED operator on drill suits, waists
1 and wrappers. NEUBAUER BROS.. 18 First.
■ GIRL for general housework and cooking; ref-
e rences; wages $20. 1445 McAllister st.
■ WANTED— Women and girls to pack fruit; we
pay 10c per 2S-lb. box for pitting and peeling
peaches: same price for peeling and coring
. pears; working day and evening; return fare
paid at end of season; come immediately. Los
Gatos Canneries, Los Gatos, Cal.
• WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St., bet.
j Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan st., between Third and Fourth.
i ~_____
WANTED— 2OO WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana 4 Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
: I EXPERIENCED canners; steady work. Code-
Port wood Canning Co.. Tenth and Bryant.
j 200 MORE sewing machine operators will find
work In LEVI STRAUSS 4 CO.'S Overall
Factory, 32 ! _ Fremont st.
OPERATORS on shirts: a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS 4 CO.. 36_ Fremont
st. ; take elevator.
' WANTED— and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE - PoRTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
WANTED — First-class pants finisher. 410
Kearny St.. room 20, second floor.
NEAT girl to do general housework; no chil-
dren; $15. Twenty-sixth and Sanchez sts.
' LATHES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid: cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco, Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
A GOOD hairdresser wanted; one who venti-
! lates preferred; good salary. 240 Stockton st.
HELP - Male.
WANTED— Restaurant cook, $10 week; third
cook. $30: bakers' helper, $25; ranch cook,
I $1S to $20: restaurant waitress, $35; hotel
i waitress, $25 and $30; restaurant porter: dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT 4 CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— for milk wagon. $35 and
found: stableman. $25 and found; blacksmith,
for city, $40 and found; 3 blacksmith helpers,
$1 50 day and board and $1 50 and $2 day; 2
men about place, $20 and $25; Vineyard man
and farmer, $25 to $30; farmers, $25; milkers,
$25; dairyman and wife, $40; creamery butter
maker. $35, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT 4 CO., 828 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 6 men to build fence, $2 to $2 25
day; free fare. Apply to J. F. CROSETT 4
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
I WANTED— for mine, $2 75 day;
miners, $2 50 day; carriage painter, $2 50 day;
plain painter, $2 day; chore boy, $10: boy for
winery, $1,1 and found: 5 woodchoppers, $1
day and board: 75 laborers for mills, quarry
and mines, $1 75 to $2 50 day, and many
others. J. F. CROSETT 4 CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— 2O more hop pickers; 90 cents hun-
dred. J. F. CROSETT 4 CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
C. R. HANSEN 4 CO PHONE GRANT 185.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
Free fare and fee for laborers, teamsters and
tunnelmen for the Coast and Valley Rail-
roads; R. R. blacksmith, $50 and found.
10 laborers for a railroad In the woods, see
boss here, $30 and found; 20 men to pick
peaches, $1 a day and found; men to work
in a coal yard: sawyer, city; planer hand",
$1 75: blacksmith, country, $3 a day; black-
smith. $50 and found.
Cook, country restaurant, $50 and found;
short-order cook, saloon, $30: baker, delicacy
store, $40; baker, country shop, $9 a week;
second cook, $40; potwasher, $30; butcher,
hotel, $35; waiter, country restaurant, $30;
dishwasher. $25.
Marker and distributor, extra work. $2 a
day and found. C. R. HANSEN 4 CO., 104
Geary st. 'yyy
WANTED
4 miners $3 per day
2 laborers for mine $2 25 per day
4 rough carpenters for mine, $2 per day;
swampers, woodchoppers, crosscut sawyers,
Jackscrewers and laborers for large lumber
company, $26 to $35 per month and board and
fare advanced
5 milkers, see boss here $30
20 farm hands $1 per day
2 elevator boys $10 and found
frultplckers and others ; .
W. D. EWER 4 CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office 316 Stockton st.— Porter, coun-
try hotel. $20; waiters, $30 and $35; dish-
washers, $15 and $30; vegetable man, $25; bell
boy, $15; man around private place, $15 to
$20, etc.
I NIGHT clerk, $25; pantryman, $20; dishwasher
to help on range, $30; waiter for country ho-
tel, $25. ' HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery
st., room 12.
FIRST-CLASS butler, $45 to $50, country. D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED— First-class waiters for city and
country; permanent and extra work.
Omnibuses for city hotel; $1 50 per day; no
office fee.
PACIFIC COAST WAITERS- ASSOCIATION.
11 Stockton st. -
WANTED — A young man with some experience .
In shipping and commission business; must
be quick and accurate at figures, with a gen-
eral knowledge of bookkeeping, typewriting
and stenography: state references and salary
expected. Box 1445, Call office.
CANVASSERS and collectors: good opening;
Eastern men preferred. W. A. STONE, room
17. Donohoe building. ,
, WANTED— Reliable representatives in every
, locality. U. S. International Secret Service,
Klamath Falls, Or. [
HELP WANTED— Male.
MURRAY 4 READY. ...... .PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor . Agents.
want to-day 6295 men and boys, $95 to $15 and
found; 548 -woodchoppers, tools and food
found, fare paid; 693 tiemakers, tools and
food found, fare paid
$2 50. $2. $150, $1 cord 12c, 10c each
$3 50 day STRONG MEN TO BALE
HAY $3 50 day
HAYING DAIRIES FARMS
HARVESTING
64 men to work in hay and harvest fields, all
kinds of men wanted, $2 50, $2, $1 50 day and
found _
32 milkers $30, $25 and found
96 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $35. $30,
$26, $20 and found
BIG WAGES
199 men as laborers and teamsters for all
parts of California, $3, $2 50, $2. $1 75 day
20 laborers (no experience wanted) $75
WE WANT HELP FOR OTHER STATES
AND COUNTRIES
FOR ARIZONA... OREGON.. .WASHINGTON
BRITISH COLUMBIA HAWAIIAN
ISLANDS. ...ETC. $6, $5, $4. $3 DAY; GOOD
STEADY JOBS; COME AND SEE
ENGINEERS. CARPENTERS
BLACKSMITHS
2 carpenters for a ranch. .s2 50 day and found
Engineer, hoisting plant, steady Job $3 day
19 blacksmiths, horseshoers, helpers, etc., $3,
$2 50. $2 day. $60, $50, $45. $40, $30 and found..
PLANING MILL HELP.. WAGON MAKERS
Mill benchhand. $2 75 day sawyer, $3 day
Sash and door maker, going wages
2 wagon makers. $78; stone masons, $3 50 day
HELP FOR STREETCAR COMPANIES....
PAINTERS, MACHINIST
Carriage painter. $40 and found
' machinist, $3 day
NO EXPERIENCE. WANTED AS DECK-
HANDS
6 deckhands, boss at our office.. s4s and found
PRIVATE RESIDENCES
6 gardeners; 3 coachmen
$30, $25 and $20 and found
$3 DRILLERS AND
HAMMERSMEN— DAY
CHORE MEN AND BOYS 32
men and boys to do chores on farms, learn
trades, work In fa'jtories, bakeries, .stores,
stables, etc., $30, $26. $23, $20, $15, $10 and
found, come and see
IN SAN FRANCISCO
Can washers for dairies, milkers
....$3O and found
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs
$40. $35, $30. $25 and found
5 laborers, board yourselves homes $2 day
54 laborers and teamsters, $40, $30, $26 and
found
12 laborers for factories and manufacturing
companies
MILK WAGON DRIVERS
CABINET MAKERS
MARRIED
8 cooks and wives
choreman and wife for mines
3 farmers and wives gardener and wife
4 milkers and wives
wages $50, $40. $35, $30 and found
MURRAY 4 READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE PAY YOUR FARE. ...WE SHIP TO-DAY
To 3S sawmills and woods in California
93 men (no experience required), you will
suit to pile lumber, wheel sawdust, learn to
run machines, work in woods, build roads,
etc., wages $26 to $40 per month and found;
also tallymen, $60: setters for sawmill, $65:
crosscut sawyers; timber fellers; head don-
key men; Jackscrewers; spool tenders and 56
other positions, $95, $80. $70, $65, $50. $45. $35,
$30 and found
WE PAY MURRAY 4 READY.
YOUR FARES 634 and 636 Clay st.
$30. FRUIT— WILL YOU PICK FRUIT? $30.
45 men or boys (anybody will suit, you will)
to pick fruit, work In packing and drying
houses. 90 days' work, $30 per month and
board, sleeping quarters.
FRUIT PICKING MURRAY' 4 READY
ANYBODY WILL SUIT 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD MINES SILVER MINES.
OTHER MINES.
9" laborers (no experience required, anybody
will suit, you will), $57 per month, with board
and lodging; fares from $1 40.
3 MINERS. $2 and found.
15 quarry men. $42 and found. MURRAY 4
READY". 634-636 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO
OLD RAILROADS NEW RAILROADS
ALL THE RAILROADS BUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SEND TO IS
COAST RAILROAD): DRILLERS. HEAD-
ERMEN. SPIKERS, SECTION HANDS.
MUCKERS. LABORERS, TEAMSTERS
ETC.; WAGES from $3 DAY. WE SHIP
YOU FREE
BOARD AND LODGING ONLY*.... S4 50 week
MURRAY 4 BEADY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
29 cooks... $55, $50. $45, $40. $35. $30. $25 found
48 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 found
32 waiters $3."., $30, $25. $20 found
6 first hands, 3 second, 4 third hands; 5 boys
to help in German bakeries. $45, $35. $30. $25.
$20, $15 tier month and found: come and see.
LAUNDRYMEN
9 laundrymen. $35. $30, $25 and found.
PORTERS. JANITORS. SHOEMAKERS.
PANTRYMEN. ELEVATOR BOYS, BOYS
TO LEARN WAITING, ETC.
MURRAY 4 READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOOD JOBS. READ THEM
Engineer (married) for a sawmill company,
$1000 per year, paid monthly; 3 elevator boys,
city Jobs 4 bedmakers
wood turner sausage-maker
$25, for city Job married couple
man as laborer, wife to cook for men at mine.
$50 and found; *> men for private families.
MURRAY 4 READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
BOOKKEEPER'S assistant, $.".0. for a sawmill
company, see boss here: also a gardener.
MURRAY 4 READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— strong and active young man to
assist In window trimming and ticket print-
ing with rubber type. Apply WEINSTOCK.
LUBEN 4 CO.
WANTED Steady, reliable man In commis-
sion business; will pay $15 to $18 per week;
must have $100 cash; experience not neces-
sary. 1032 Market St., room 4. : . -. -
WANTED A few good bench hands: also boys
accustomed to work on sash and doors. King
Planing Mills, 231 King st.
WANTED — A ship's steward with his wife for
a British sailing ship. A. 8., P. O. box 2485,
city.
ERRAND boy wanted at flower store. 9 Eddy
street.
YOUNG man to wash dishes and help In din-
ing-room. Restaurant 331 Bay st.
LIVE, energetic boy. 16 or 18. 607 Merchant
street.
WANT good second cook and a waiter. 119
Stockton st. call after 8 a. m. ■
FIRST-CLASS barber; steady or short hours.
1207 Scctt st, near Eddy.
GOOD coatmaker. 120 Sutter st. room 75, third
floor.
A LUNCH waiter and a smart boy to help
around restaurant. 432 Fifth st.
BOY who lives with his parents to work In a
bakery. 612 Kearny st.
COOK used to bakery and coffee house work;
come early. 612 Kearny st.
DISHWASHER wanted; $20 per month. 15
Third st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2009 Fillmore st.
EXPERIENCED waiter and dishwasher. 815
Grant aye.; at once.
WANTED— A bootblack In a barber shop. 202
Fourth et.
WHITEWASHER wanted at top floor of win-
ery, corner of Bryant and Second sts.
IRONERS, shirt backers and mangle hands.
Sun Laundry, 19th and Telegraph. Oakland.
WANTED— A young man with some experience
In shipping and commission business; must
be quick and accurate at figures, with a gen-
eral knowledge of bookkeeping; splendid op-
portunity ■ for an energetic and enterprising
young man to advance upon his merits. Ad-
dress stating experience and salary ex-
pected, with references, box 1623, Call office.
WANTED — An active young man to take half
interest In a nice new little water power saw
and shake mill: ready sale for all product:
satisfaction guaranteed; $250 cash and $150 In
mill product Address Miller, box 72. Uklah.
Cal. ■
GOOD bedmaker and porter wanted for lodging
house In country town; wages $15 first month
and $20 following month. Address box 1325,
Call office.
WANTED— Competent stationer's clerk: must
control trade of his own. . Address box 1324.
Call office.
TAILOR wanted; steady job. W. H.
WALKER. BakersflelcL
FIREMEN for transport steamer for Manila at
HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BOT wanted to learn trade. FINK &
, SCHINDLER. 1309 Market st.
BOY'S from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
SMART men to canvass and collect; good open-
ing; splendid Inducements; good Income as-
sured; 9to 12 a. m. M. Brown, 511 Montg'y.
500 MEN— Call to-day: get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 D. m.
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
. care of you; half-soled while waiting, 35c to
GOc. 562 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
in for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE 4 LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
MEN to learn barber trade: $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorlal art; call or write for free
Illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. near Kearny.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands, Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
I
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ins, 30c up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
HELP WANTED
WANTED — Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$175 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
WANTED Laborers and mechanics to know
l that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.' '
BARBERS' . Progressive Union: tree employ-
m't H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. .
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st. : free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
! Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, Cth and Howard: read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F. '<
BARBER COLLEGE. 1384 Eighth st
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD 4 CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c. 23c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 5634 Market ft
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: Be a night; $1 a week.
:
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc- For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse *. .rket
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN 4 DOYLE. Auctioneers. !
Al WAY'S on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase 4 Mendenhal! suc-
cessors Killip 4 Co., salesyard, 1732 Market.
WANTED— Horse, harness and buggy: ex-
change for new upright piano. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist, 605 Golden Gate.
HOUSES LODGING For Sale.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET, OPP.. FIFTH.
17-room house, new furniture .' $850
12-room house, large yard; downtown.... 400
IS rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
$400— 10-ROOM house on Taylor St.; $200 cash,
balance easy paym'ts. DECKER. 1020 Market. j
54-ROOM house (corner) for sale at a bargain;
see it. DECKER, 1020 Market st
A— KREDO 4 CO 224 GEARY ST.
MONEY' TO LOAN. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
$125— 4-room flat; worth $250; rent $15.
$225— 6- room flat. Van Ness; rent $20.
$2500 rooms. Third st., corner; a bargain.
$5000—105 rooms, new, elevator; clears $300 mo.
$1400—36 rooms, Market; half cash.
$700—27 ROOMS: all rented; Market st; cen-
tral; $400 cash; bal. time. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy st; new buyers dally.
$200 SNAP— house; all rented: near
Market st; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
6-ROOM furnished sflat rent $16: 3 rented,
bringing In $27: near Fifth and Market sts.
Box 1624, Call office; no dealers.
ROOMING-HOUSE tor sale In Oakland; clears
$100 month. Apply 503 California st., room 210.
21 ROOMS; must be sold; make offer. Room
2, 10074 Market St.. near Sixth.
32 ROOMS; 4 block Market; $100 rent; very
profitable. Inquire 252 O'Farrell St.
HOUSES TO LET.
x~ftT v sPEciTT_Tc?rr'6^7~s__^ st
HOUSES. , COTTAGES.
1116 Guerrero; 10 r. 535 2677 Mission; 5 r $20
4045 25th; 10 r 33 625 Valencia; 6 r 20
756 Folsom; 7 r.... 21 1241 Sanchez; 5 r 13
12184 Treat aye.; 6 315 Jersey; 5 r 13
T. 20 135 Collingwood; 4 rl2
3514 26th; 6 r 4220 26th; 5 r 12
233 Duncan; 6 r 15.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN 4 HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
LORIN— For rent, house 7 rooms; all modern
Improvements; yard and stable. Apply 915
Page st.
MISSION, 12154, near Eighth— l 4 sunny rooms,
bath; suitable for rooming-house.
NEW house of 8 rooms, all modern; unfurn. or
partly furn to suit 2533 Mission, near 22d.
TO LET— house; 4 rooms. 13104 Larkln
street.
TWO fine houses In splendid condition, 3386 and
3392 Twenty-first st, cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
HOUSES TO LET Famished.
FURNISHED detached sunny house: 8 rooms;
furnace and flowers; rent $50. McEWEN
BROS.. US Montgomery st.
BIRCH AYE.. 5, off Larkln— rooms and bath;
nicely furnished.
LOST AND KOLA D.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog; heavily feath-
ered; liberal reward. 1332 Market St.
LOST — Brown pointer pup; liberal reward; ad-
dress on collar. T. J. WEISS. 1013 Mason st.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that never fails to restore
instantly all cases of monthly Irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice. $5 positively; no Instruments used: safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladles' physician of
long and sue essful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a. m.
to 6 p. m. ; Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find In her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5; no In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy st, bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments l ed: cure at of-
fice. $5; home In confinement: skillful medical
attention: all can. save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. .. DR. WTETH. 942 Post st. bet
Hyde and Larkln: hours. 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
ro years' practice: safe and ruick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided: kind svmr'thy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.. ba_ !es adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent: call or write: free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St..
pills. $1; very strong. $2.
IMPORTANT— great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. $5: restores In one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. XV. O'DONNELL world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more cases of Irreg-
ularities than any other ohyslcian: never
falls to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. 10234 Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st, San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
LADIES! — Chichester's Fnglish Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable: take no
other; send 4c stamps for partlc lars. "Relief !
for Ladles." in letter by return mall: at drug- !
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philada.. Pa
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with j
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50; |
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late, j
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: well I
- known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no Instruments; consultation free, confidential;
home treatmentss. MRS. ALLEN. 22B Van Ness.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA. 2154 Mason St.—
Private home In confinement: ladles' friend
In trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced. I
PRIVATE home In confinement, by German
midwife; Infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue: $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS 4 CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
NICE private home In confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city: infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement; babies
adopted Into good homes.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;ss up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunoy home
In confinement 156 Second st.: tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 'pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
V---T MIXES AND MINING^
CENTRAL Eureka mining stock wanted by It
L. CHENEY. 530 California st.
_VILSCKLLANL4)US— For sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. M -
INTOSH 4 WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
, BARS.'!ba*hi,b*rs. i niJrrprs,_ showcases, cour..
ters linoleum office furnßure,- store. and o;
flee furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1. 19- IC2I-1023 Mis
sion st.. above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS 5-foot Montague range. Baker
sand oven; also Eureka No. 8 stove with high
shelf for sale cheap. Apply GRAHAM 4
LOANS, 439 Fifth st | _
A BEAUTIFUL mahogany, pearl Inlaid, ivory
edged concert size guitar for $22; cost origi-
nally $45. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
in. gas engine; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
NEW i Acme) 3-plate amalgamating concen-
trator c_Teap. P PROSPECT CAMP. Ocean
Beach. _
FOR "SALE— Engineers' transit; to be seen at
661 Hayes st ,
PURE distilled water ice, $3 50 per ton car-
loads f o b.; $4 for less; sack packing and
cartage extra.' Tel. South 463. Consumers
Ice Co.. 420 Eighth St.. S. F.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good aa
new; cheap for cash or Installments, ma
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. 655 Market st__
FIRE and burglar safe; National cash register;
for sale cheap. 42 Main st. ______
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H P. Golden Gate gas engine: perfect order;
complete: must sell. EPSTEIN. 648 Mission.
A— s3 30 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit, $9 75; pants. $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos: bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hancY all
sizes- half original cost. 109-111 Market. H. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SCRAP lead, old electrotype metal, etc.. want-
ed. Box 1450. Call. p
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. L. B.
STONE. Elmhurst
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval or any other good security; payable
back in Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we wl.l
pay It and carry the loan as. long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates without
removal- no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st. above
Sixth; telephone South. l 4.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 840 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 392 Parrott hdg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~~
AS we are selling good upright pianos for M
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY 4 CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER 4 CHASES.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible do.-.c to please and satisfy the
customer.
AN experienced gentleman, unusually qualified
to Instruct youths or adults, will be free for
more pupils by Aug. 15. Address box 1157, Ca11.
BARGAINS! Bargains'.— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms. 1710 Market st, and see .-.nother lot
good Standard uprights: very cheap for cash-
PRACTICALLY new Steinway upright sacri-
ficed. Room 12. Flood bldg.. 4th 4 Mkt. sts.
PIANO, upright, large size, rosewood finish,
like new; for sale cheap. ESS Mission St.
A NUMBER of good second-hand uprights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A DECKER 4 SON, the piano for you to buy;
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ.. 16 "cA Ulster, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister St. S
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments. $5 73 up;
rents. $2 up (al owed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st •■y ________
XV. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett 4 Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER 4 CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES To Let.
EMMA SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market st
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Light heat Janitor and telephone Inclu4a4»
ASHTON 4 GARDINER. Room tt*.
SPLENDID location for first-class dressmaker
or milliner; fine store, with living rooms.
702 McAllister st. near Gough. _______i> : ,
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. n»«tml .. for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
iIiIETIVEERGAARD. pupil of Count St Ger-
main. 616 Geary st, above Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. : rending by mall. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED. ■
WOMAN wants man partner with $200.
MRS. TONER, 78 Third st; afternoon. --.-.-.;.
PERSONA -S.
LIFE Insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent, Hackmeier Hotel. /_____.,.•
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable prices
by F. SCHOETTLER, 329 Kearny st. .- .
LEDERER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic produce*
a beautiful gloss and cleanses the scalp thor-
oughly; 35c bot. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. , American and Foreign
Send for Circular. • Patents Solicited.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THERE Is but one LEDERER and but one
hairdresser. LEDERER charges -23c: special
| hair roll sale this week; longest reduced to
25c: 20c rolls only 15c. 123 Stockton st
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
nothing higher. One- Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market St., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
23c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
flttlng Co.. 1306 Stockton st. near Broadway.
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. XV.
R. NICHOLSON, Attorney and Financial
Agent, Hackmeier Hotel. 123 Eddy st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office at Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate.
MAMA. I want a sombrero; genuine; 40c up.
Mexican store. 114 Stockton st
JAMES A. SORENSEN. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st. near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
, der. K. YOSHI TAN I. 313 Sutter stPERSON.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post sT. will sell you
furniture. . carpets, cloaks, dross goods, tallor-
made suits, etc., on very easy ....
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no lujec-
f.on: guatantd. Dr. Gr>rdtn.3l4 Pine.ab.Krny.
A— Ladles' or g«nts' VMothm:.. r-"*r^i*7?^ be_gm.'.'
yp H-r^. e^.' Mi nf_»??~ T JACOBS. 1023 Folscm st.
SUITS to order on casv installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. "fce_. Tth and 3th.
— — —
WANTED— OId ~ 01 4 _r manufacr.g. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 245 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason
________
PIIY'SICIANS AND SURGEONS-
DR, C. C. O'DONNELL office and residence.
10r.i_ Market St.. bet. Sixth and Sere th
__^ PSYCHOMETRY
HENRY HARHISON i BROWN.*, .- metrist;
reads character; gives advice from sririt side
cf life: heqls by laying on hands. 120 A Eddy.
REM, ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
A. M. SPECK &~C0..~
067 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNY.
RARE INVESTMENTS.
J4C.CC0 — Grand investment near Powell st. :
rents J4OO monthly; lot 60x130 ft.
?23,GC0 — Best retail block east of Larkin St.:
44x135 ; 2 stores and 6 fiats; fine building; rents
$2400.;
JIS.OCC — »- ft. or. Ist St.; 2 frontages; n»ar Mis-
sion st.
. 510.501 — Devisader-.-st. business comer: lot
and improvement:- ; .'3xllo ft.; must sell this
month.
"JIO.OC0 — Geary st.. downtown; lot 25x137:5 ft.
115.000 — Three now flats. ne.«_r Taylor and Bush
sts. : rents ;_l2; a fine buy.
J75-0— Five ir.cdem flats, near Fourth and
Market st _. ; tot : " feet front; rents ab-Ut JlOOO.
%Zl- — iC-r.-o - i residence; Golden G.ite aye.;
S3Ton— Mason-st. bargain; must sell; lot 35 ft.
fror._a_c.
8.-mk foreclosures. Large list mortgage fore-
A. M. SPECK & CO..
0" Market St.. opp. Kearny.
SOL. GETZ & 'HER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
GET OUR TRICES AND LOCATIONS
AND YOU WILL SURELY BUY FROM US'.
JCC'" 5 to $_00 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond lots.
ready to build on. $25 down, ilu monthly.
?l.v to S-"<i — Lots en the Ocean boulevard and
Park; JIO d iwn. %~> monthly.
$100— Level Ocean View lots, near electric
. ars, $10 down, $5 ironthly.
S:.;0 — Splendid 4-room and basement cottage,
close to Mission st. and cars: en.y terms.
CALL FOR MAIS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL. GET". & BKO-.
Room A. C:\-Cker Building.
ED O— WORTH _I"((i: must l>e soi.l -his week;
1-rocm .-utage on Twenty-eighth st., near
- . lores; $300 mortgage fo bank can stand.
McEWEN BROS.. lIS Montgomery st.
XEW.H OMKS
Five, .. 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modem conveniences, fronting en
V.'_i;-»r. F:*rce nnd Priincse sts.. from _S3IOW
to iJ .'e. : terms t._ suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
{_ t-: OFFER for piece of property cast A Fol-
s m south of Sixth to Twentieth: lot must be
7.1.1-7 ••> cr over; providing location desirable.
B x ::■;. Call.
SMALL chicken ranch with •■hiek a n and
picepn hcuse: furniture. Incubator and brood-
er Cor. Thirty-first St.. bet. I and J.
RE VI. ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
J4 ,-.___; ACRES paafdytsntl: all in assorted bear-
:n_r fruit: 2-stcry S-rcom house: b?.rn; ch:>-ken
t-r-.a..,- >-. minutes' waik from postofflce.
GEO. C. YOUNG. Petalurr.a.
pi .p. rent— !°o acres Al sugar beet land; low
freight td fictory. P. MULVENAY. Tomales.
Mfkrlr. County. 'Cal.
LANDS of Thecdor M°etz estate in Alameda
nr--. within .K«ru oil belt for sale cheat, In
subdivisions to suit. -MRS. MATHILDE
MF.ETZ. 715 Rati read aye.. Alameda.
RE-TAUIIANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and ice
cream parlor. _t>3s Market st.; popular pricey..
ROOMS FOR HOI . lil'lMi.
FIFTH. 35-t— Housekeeping rooms, with store,
partly furnished for small business; $13.
FILLMORE. 2203, near CUy— sl3: five clean
sunny ro_ms; bath; nice yard and water.
FRANKLIN. 727—3 sunny unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; rent $10.
GEARY. 1317— Four nice unfurnished rooms,
bath, toilette, gas, yard, basement.
GEARY, 1312 1 i — Three comfortable furnished
rooms for housekeeping: rent $15.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Two bay-window
front: rooms complete; private: $12.
HAIGHT. '.'.-—Newly furnished front and back
parlors: bath, gas and running water: suit-
able for housekeeping: private family: $2').
HOWARD, lßOii— Newly furnished sunny bay-
window _v:t j , light housekeeping; private.
IVANHOE, K-<>2 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
sunny; fur. h*_pg. suites (3 to i r.i. Jl5 up; ref.
L.'.RKIN. S04 — Sunny back -bedroom and
kit her. furnished: yard; $3; also large sunny
room. $7.
I. CATS. IS, off Taylor, near Pest— Three lovely
unfurnished. rooms: w.«ter free: cellar: $10.
MINNA; 435— Five unfurnished, rooms; all sun-
ny: $17: newly renovated.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 1.5— Sunny furnished
!.k;c ■-aites; $5 and $6 mo.: single. 75c week.
ST. JAMES. L-.guna and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
SIXTH. 2lsU— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms. J2 50 per week up; also single; f^ulec
SIXTH. CO~-Confiectlng housekeeping rooiss:
double and single: bath. etc.
SOUTH PARK. 134, near Third— 2 sunny front
rms.; nicely fum. for light hkpg; rent $11.
SUTTER. 1111. nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites: also hskpg.: t»rm* reasonable.
TENTH. 123. near Market— Large sunny front
r..om with closet and kitchen complete;
rent $12. .
THIRD. 231— Sunny, suitable furnished rooms
for families, single people and housekeeping.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3273, near Valencia— Sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath: laundry.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
- floor: 3 rooms and bath; other rooms.
ROOMS TO LET -Fnrn. and I morn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night: $1 2. to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping: open all night.
AbBOTSFORD (The;, cor. roadaray and Polk
yulet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite: charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house: modern service: elevator;
bath rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand, 245 3d— 200 Ist-class sunny rms.,
13c to $1 day: 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 32 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
AT '39 Turk. cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-win rms. ; transient.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 136*)— Far-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 330-.. near Taylor— Nicely furnished
room for gentleman in private family, $10.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well Turn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis. -corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished runny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDDY, 614 — Small sunny front room nicely fur-
nished; closet, bath, folding-bed: private
family; clean and quiet; $S.
FOLSOM. ..23— Parlor suite, 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpg. : single or en suite.
FOLSOM. 77_ l i— Large furnished room to rent:
very convenient.
FOURTH, 222. i (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms: also single. $1 25 up.
GEARY, 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites:' $2 per week up; also housekeeping.
GEARY, 403 <The Navarre) — Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYEK.
GEARY, 891— Two unfurnished rooms, with
stove, bath and closet.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors: reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House?. "SI Mltsion— Select family
rooming hoa-e; $1 M to $S per week.
HARRISON. TS4 1 .. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all home comforts;
$1 week up. *
HOTEL Grosvenor. 313 Sutter, nr. Stockton —
Sunny suites, single rms.: elev. ; free baths.
HOWARD. 323— Furnished rooms from SI per
week up, also hcusekeepicg and transient.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Cafara.
HOWARD, 946— Light . ngle rooms. $1: double j
rooms, |l 23 to hit . :
HOWARD. lOiir- bet. 6th and 7th— Suite and 1
single, ctAnple'te for hskg. ; also sunny single, j
MARKET. .2025, and 32 Fifth— New manage- j
ment; fine sunny suites and single rooms
MINNA. o«7 cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay- I
window room. JI per week: transient.
MISSION. 1210, bet. Sth ar.d Sth— Suite of very
beautifully furnished rooms, use of piano.
Box 995. Call office: visitors solicited: private, j
MISSION. I___0 — Newly fccnlsfaed room: running }
water; grate; reasonable; all single. $3.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and j
offlcei elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo. i
POST 622— Elegant!-.- furnished sunny suite; i
also single rooms. MISS A. CALHOUN.
POWELL 61__A— Large sunny front rooms;
new -.at: newly furnished. j
ROYAL House, 126 Euls St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles* parlor; rooms, per night. 33c to Jl 50;
week, J2 to JS; month, IS to J3O; elevator on
office floor: rooms with hot, cold vat • baths
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth st.. j
r.eai Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele- |
gant furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
SOUTH PARK. 1158. off Third— Nice front-
single room; private fa mil y: gas, ba4h. -•
TAYLOR I' 7 — Changed hands; furnished •
rooms, single and . n suif. ■ j
TEHAMA: 742. near Ninth— 3unny room fcr 2; I
r-»nt . $6. !
_
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor, j
THE Cilvor, 565 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner j
rms.. suites and single: gas; bath; new margt.
THIRD. US I ,, near Mission— Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms. Jl 25 to J3.
TURK. 545 — Two sunny rooms; large. S3: I
small. '• ______-________»_____-_-__
: SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES I
i }2 MONTHLY rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 345 Sixth; phone Hint 45. j
■ ALL ki:--ds tyviz-ht. sold, exrhirtred.. rented: re- j
| ratrin? at to-.«-«t rptes *Vi Fc.ir.l-i -' I
' ■ ■■ **** !
-.HIPPING Of PICKS TO LE .
OFFICE and basement suitable for. express or i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. .". up.
painting C^r.f. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants e_ectrd ' or v - >-ollecti-.n' mid*:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION |
CO.; 41S MantronUTT «t.. rwrn" r '-!0: tel. S._fl.
" '
SPIRITUALISM.
f MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium.
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
-.\-ivate, chronic or obscure diseases. . 232 .
itockton St.. sittings, tl: diagnosis free
JOHN SLATER' sittings daily, 10 to 4. I.* j
Stcckton st. near Greenwich.
MME YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to- !
night. 605 McAllister; nic: c.omej skeptics.
AT'^Frien-isliip Hall. 335 McAllister, sittings !
dally.".?. 3 p. m. : tests by good mediums; .10e. .
ST.. RAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, b*. SMITH.- prop., j
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay •-.. !
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713 ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT ;
_____ ___ : t
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LOT 64x113; let adjoining 35x105: i c 23 ' Pacific
aye.: cheap
ALA >:..»i HI-*-. IS -. \.' illlVllU.
I HOME f..r ladlfs in delicate heaith: iarr^
crcuwlc: rr-._i^ M.'tS ;)': IT N'K K. UU *t " .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
v; i.:hiil.i.l REAL ESTATE.
i HILLEG \SS TRACT.
I WITHIN 5 MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
5 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS ICO FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property- in Alameda:
-Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON.
Real. Estate. Berkeley Station. j
YOU SHOULD SEE THIS.
A fine 2-story bouse of 7 rooms; lot IS^xl--.; i
fruit trees, etc.; 1 block from electric oar line;
S minutes from railroad station: Just the place
to raise chickens. ► Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
ONLY $20 down and 35 cents a day pays for a j
line let in Berkeley: will lenjj money to build j
hoes*: also plenty of houses and lets for sale
In all parts of town. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 |
Center st.. Berkeley. Cal.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
"THE Pleasanton." 2(-"32 Durant a-, c , near i
University: strictly first-class' room and board. '
FRUiHALE ADVERTISEMENTS
Fill IT VALE REV!. ESTATE.
LARGE, level lots. ..CO: enly «23 down: str?»t
work done; _.»-_, water, lb; fine school
c!o?e by: near railroad =:atijn and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly train? to city: 5c
fare: xlorious climate: build a home to suit
vcur«elf: ■ pay merits: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVKsfMEXT CO.. Froltvale sta.
BEAITTIFCL 4-rcom cottage: hard-finished:
barn'; large chicken house: 10 minutes' ride
from station: CO minutes from San Francisco;
rent tl per month. •'.---•»• S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — <90-> BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ISO CASH. S3 j0 monthly till paid for: price
all told, ,2!>0; nee,- room cottage and fine
level lot: an extra lot alongside .i" be had
fcr $U0: terms. £5 cash. $2 -0 monthly - ii paid
for; Fruitvale.' adjoining East Oakland, close
to electric car lines; fine boulevard and
model school house: over CO families located
■within 2 years; own their own homes; pent
money a dead letter here. Call or send for
circular 4."0 Seventh St., near Broadway.
Oakland; carriage free. H. ._ JONES, owner.
NOTICE to bank depositors— tWJ) 'on deposit in
1 y»ar will pay $30 to $40 interest: $1000 In-
vested In North Oakland real state should
double in value -her. Santa Fe Railroad and
new f.rry Is in operation: Investigate these
bargain*; $7. will secure a 4-room cottage,
with lot 31X100: $300 will buy - lot 60x1 W;
$?.(o0 or less wl'J buy 3 a res crless in West
Berkelov near rallr:.-il station. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY. 17 Thirteenth -' . Oakland.
$IC-Jo— FOR sale. Oakland: 7-room house; Thir-
ty-fourth st ,-._ Telegraph aye.: lot 40x120;
cost $2.00. J. 3 MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland.
KCOO—s ROOMS, bath; comer lot; 4 blocks from
business center; a promising business corner;
appraised at $8000; must be sold this month:
first come first served. J. S. MYERS. 1003
Broadway. Oakland. •,
$2."/o—B ROOM? md bath: barn; lot EfctHS; best
residence lecatirn near local trains, business
center, cars school*, etc. ; property valued at
$oOCO. J. _? MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1200 — 4-room and bath cottage; new: $50 down.
$15 per month: near business center. J. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$10,000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE, 968 Broadway, Oakland.
$-000— 5-ROOM cottage near City Hall; fine lot:
any kind of terms. E. E. BUNCE, M Bread-
way. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED houses.
COTTAGE completely furnished; flower garden;
rent $20. Apply 2^23 Chestnut st.. Oakland.
OAKI.AXD FURNITURE FOR SALSL
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDE* I NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— DivMend No. 70 -" cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company. .27 Market st., on and after
Monday. August 21. 1.59.
Transfer looks will -lose on Tuesday. Au-
gust 15, 1-39. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary..
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 6 (thirty
cents per share) of 'he Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation ..'ompar.. will be payable at the office
of the compary, 327 Market St.. on and after
THURSDAY August 10. IS_9. Transfer books
'will close on' SATURDAY. August 5. 1333. at
12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. .
UNITED States Engineer Office, Flood build- j
ing ____ Francisco, Cal.. August •S. 1593—
Sealed proposals for dredging In Stockton and
Mormon channels. Cat., will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon September 12. 1533. In-
formation-furnished on application. W. H.
HEUER. Major Engineers. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. AUGUST 10,. 1899.
MABKIAGE LICENSES. -
j Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows: i
; Jhan Srieper and Maria K. Rogers »-«
Francis A. Chapltw and Emilie Avy 31- ; 1 i
G O. Petterson and Emma M. Peterson.. 3s-30
Glenn A Ball and Susan G. Dodg"» jg-l;
Nels L. Hansen and Mary E. Sweeney 25-34
Walter L. Parkes and Florence Creighton.. -.-!■
! Louis Vaccaro and Rose g_g_i_ 2 -*
j "BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
! Birth, marriage and death notices tent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
! in at either of the publication offices and be
■ indorse with the name and residence of per- .
! sons authorized to have the same published.
BOiN.
' DELFINO— In this city. August ... 1.99, to the !
wife cf Louis Delfino, v a daughter. :
I HAMMOND— In this city. August 6. 1?99. to the
w e of H. W. Hammond Jr.. a daughter.
i O' MALLET '.I. this city. July 21. 1599. to the
wife of J. O'Maliey, a daughter.
1 STI.'ERMER— In this city, May 3. 1_99, to the
* wife of Fred Stuermer, _ son.
MAB.RIED.
i ANDERSON— In their home In Lorin, :
I ' Vag- 9 1*99. by the Rev R. W. Reynolds
! o' San Francisco. Otto H. Anderson an. N'el-
. lie Mac Page, both formerly of San Fran-
cisco.
' WARWICK— HAAS— In this city. August 7.
1899. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Harry C.
I Warwick and Maud D. Haas :, .
i i.XER— DITTMER— In this city. August 3.
I lSf-9, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Robert V\ ool-
ncr'and Meta Dittmer.
I YOST— HESS-In this city. August 6. 1539 by
! the Rev. J. M. Bushier. Anton Yost and Julia
j Hess.
1 BARTELf -VOSSELER-In this city. August
8 1599. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, August ;
Ban of Clinton, lowa, and Anna Vosseier j
of Sar. Francisco. _____________________________« j
I
DIED.
Anthony. Mark Lifaix. Emilie
Bauerle. Louisa. Lewis. Liaba
I I'arr Catherine Lucchetti. Francesca
Collins, Mary McGrath. Liwrence
Cusick, M,.rr.i.. Mallon. ivter L.
Dunn Sybil D. Seamann. Alvina
Ford.' Cornelius J. Sexton. Michael J.
Gray. Dr. Robert Stern. "'-"-.,-
Hitchcock, Edv.-anls Waters. George D. C.
Holtz. Judge William WheeW, Frank J.
Kelly, William
i ANTHONY— In Bo«f-n. Mass.. August 7. 1999, I
Ma-k* beloved husband of Mallnda C. An-
thony and father cf Miss L. Clare Anthony j
Mr»~G B. Ogden. Mrs. C. E. Hara.-zthy and j
Walter V. and Mark Wilbur Anthony, aged 67
years. • •
■ BAUERLE— In Oakland. August 9, 1839. Louisa
Bauerle. beloved mother of A. 11. Bauerle.
Annie Silva and Louise Fremrne. a native of
Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 63 years.
IC-TFrleivls ar.d acquaintances are respect-
roily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
tFridav). at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
j der.ee, *474 Grnnt avenue. Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
CARR— In this city, August'- 1899. Catherine.
r»i f ct of the late E. W. Carr. and beloved
mother of Helen B. Carr ar.d Mrs. W. A.
I Bain.
___?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
i COLLINS— In Oakland. August S. 1599, Mary.
Beloved wife of Jcseph V. Collins, a. native of
London. England, oged 41 years.
B__r Funeral services will be held to-morrow
'(Friday), at her late residence. 127 ilollls !
5 -r°et Oakland. Interment private.
j CUSICK— In this city. August S. 1899/ Mamie,
relict cf Frank Cusick. and beloved daughter :
of Tlmothv and the late Bridget Maloney. a
native of St. Helena. Cal.. aged 26 yean and
11 months. _ :
I DUNN— In 4 . city. August 8, 1593. Sybil Drew
Dunn, a native cf California, ared 40 years 6 ■
months and 12 days.
E_TFr!rr...s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-ral this day-
(Thursday'!, a: 1 o'cicck. from tr.e parlors of
Craig i- Cochran Company, -2 and 56 Mint '
| avenue. Cremation private, at odd Fellows' ,
[ Cemetery.
i FORD— In Dc« Pales. Ca!.. August ». 1399,
Cc-rnclttis John, beloved husband of Jennie
E." Ford.'' and father ot Edna C. and ißoyal L>.
I cv r ,i a native (if Liverpool, ii gland, aged
! -'4 j -v_rs 1 month .ir._ IS day?.
CTFrl.ivls and pc<_-(_ant_nres are respect-.
fully invited to attend the- funeral this day
(Thursday), rt 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, '.fi. Tenth .--tr-et. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
I GRAY— In this city.. August 8. 1899. Dr. Robert j
Frederick, dearly beloved sen or Y. lam J.
! and Dorothea H. Gray, r.nd brother of All- ;
liar, w. Bertha H. and Maud- D. . Gray.- a;
native o£ San Fran-isco. a?ed 30 years. ,
C_~ Services this day (Thursday), at I
o'clock, at his late residence, 2566 California
street. Interrr.f-nt strictly private. Please
I omit flowers.
i HITCHCOCK— In this city, of heart failure.
Edwards C. Hitchcock, a native of Pennsyl-
\snia, a*:ed ,- years 1 month and 4 days
i.-7' The remains will be sent East for burial.
'■ HOLt_-=_n Alameda. August ' S. 1339. .Judge
William Holt*, a native of Germany, aged
WJ years 10 months and IS days. „-.
__T Friends and acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Th : 'rsday> at - o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
F'-irk street, under the auspi-es of Oak Grove
Lodge No. 215. F. ar.d A. M. Interment j
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
i KELLY— the City and County Hospital.
i AußUf 3 ISS9. William Kelly, i native of
Illinois, -aged 34 years.
•■ LAFAIX— this city. Emilie Lafaix. beloved
mother of Felix Lafaix. .a native of France,
' aged 71 years and 4 months.
___r Friends and acquaintances are respect- -
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the par. of
J S Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment I. O. O. " Cemetery.
. LEWIE In this city. August 9. 1399. Liaba.
beloved mother cf William Lewis, a native .
i of Wreschen. Germany. ag°d 90 years. i
E_rFriends and acquaintances ....
fu'llv invited to attend the funeral this day I
(Thursday) at 2:40 o'clock, from the family ]
residence 1253 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
' m*nt Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland, by
creek boat leavinr at 2 o'clock.
' LUCCHETTI— In this city. ....... Fran- !
S cesca Lucchetti. beloved wife of Francesco
Lucchetti, beloved mother of Dr. Victor
Lccchettl and Albert and Emilia Lucchetti
and the adopted children. Mary and John.
and belcved sister of Mrs. V. Bouquet, » na- |
tlve of California, aged 41 years and" 10 days. ;
E-TXbtice of funeral hereafter.
- McC-RATH— In this city.' August 3. 1399. Law- _
rP . ne « beloved .-.-.. and • Serine
McGrath, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 9 days. |
5__TTV^ funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, fmm the residence !
of the narents. _:_.". .Tones street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MALLON-In this city. August 9. 1399. Peter j
Lawrence, beloved son cf the late Jonn.Mal-
lon and brother of Mrs. W. F. Talbot, a r.a- j
ti-.-e of New irk. aged 43 years. I
[T_-Remains at the funeral parlors of H. ;
F. Mass*, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
' -MANN- In this city. Aujust 9. 1399, Alvina. I
beloved wife of Charles - ;-._:.::, and mother j
! of Mrs. Julius '. eamci an..', the Misses Clara t
1 and May Seamann. a native of Sachsen- Wei-
mar.' Germany, aged , 3 3 years 9 months and 4
i days.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
SEXTON— In this city. August 9. ?''. Michael
J beloved husband of Margaret Sexton.
brother of Mary and Ellen Sexton, and be-
loved father of Thomas. John, Patrick, Nel- ,
lie May Bessie and William Sexton, a na- :
tive of ill -hells. own. Ireland. (.Australia pa-
pers [.'ens* copy.)
C__y Friend? and acquaintances are respect -
fu'ly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 3:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
' d«nce Sl9 San Jose avenue,' thence to St.
Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth and Church i
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be :
ce'ebrsited for the repose Of his soul, com- j
mencing at . o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
STERN— In this city. August S. 1899. Sarah, be-
loved wife of Abraham Stern, and mother of
Mrs. Marc 11. Levy. Mrs. B. Schapiro and
Louis and - . a .nd Stern, and sister of M.
B Llchtensteln of Salt Lake. Mrs. M H.
Lichtensteln. Mrs. A. Mendelson and J. L.
Solomon, a native of Schneldemuhl, Prussia, ;
i aged .0 years. .
C_7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited '■ attend the funeral services ■
to-morrow (Friday), at in o'clock, at the
residence of B. Schapiro, 1311 Broderick
----- Interment at Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery by 11 iV o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
i THE officers and members of .Congregation
Sherith Israel are notified to attend the fu- .
neral Of Sarah, wife of our member, A. Stem.
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from 1311
Broderick street.
LOUIS BROWN. President.
ALEXANDER L BADT. Secretary. •';■. .\
WATERS— In this city, August 9, 1899. George
D. Co— Waters, beloved husband of Louisa
Waters, father of Ar.n.eta Waters, and son-
in-law of Mrs. M. Helm, a native of Liver-
pool. England, aged 32 years 9 months and IS
days.
E-~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f-.'i- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
990 Filbert street, between Taylor and Jones. ;
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WHEELER— In the City and County Hospital.
August 7. 1399, Frank J. Wheeler, a native of [
I California, aged .11 years.
HfcNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flan-Ban A Gallagher).
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
JO Fifth «U. opposite Li-col- -_c-_-__,
deo-cn* South 80. '
Charged With Bigamy.
OAKLAND, Aug. 3.— Mrs. Ro?ie Wolf,
whose story of cruel desertion by a big-
amous husband was related exclusively
in to-day's Call, appeared again to-day at
the District Attorney's office and swore
to a complaint charging C. L. If. Wolf
with bigamy. She will also petition the
Superior Court to annul her marriage on
the ground that at the time of the cere-
mony Wolf had another wife living. Wolf
is now residing at Tesla, where he and
Mattie Tyrer pose as Mr. and Mrs
Charles Letter. ■
NEW CHURCH TO
BE DEVOTED TO
GOD'S SERVICE
Holy Cross to Be Ded
icated Sunday.
—
SOLEMN SERVICES ARRANGED
— — ♦ — '
ARCHBISHOP RIORDA-N" TO TAKE
. A PROMINENT PART.
♦ — —
Description of the Church and Its
Handsome Appointments.
Costly Gifts by Par
ishioners.
On Sunday morning next the handsome
new edifice of the Church of the Holy
Cross will be dedicated to the service of
God with the most solemn __erer_icnies.
His Grace the Most Reverend Archbishop
Rlordan will inaugurate the ceremonies
of dedication at 10:30 o'clock. Immediately
after they are concluded a solemn high
mass will be sung in the presence of the
Archbishop in cope and miter. Rev. E.
HOLY CROSS CHURCH AND PASTOR, REV. J. F. McGINTY
A. Kelly of Chicago, a classmate of
Father John F. McGlnty pastor of the
church, will be the celebrant of the
mass. The deacon of the mass will bo
John E. Cottle of St. Brig l's, and the
sub-deacon Rev. John P. Coyle of the
Star of the Sea. The deacons of honor
to his Grace will be Rev. Father Lagan
of Sacred Heart and 1.-" P. Cummings
of St. Patrick's. Ihe first master of cere
monies will be Rev. P. E. Mulligan, sec
retary to the Archbishop, and Rev. Rob
ert Sampson, curate of Holy Cross, will
be second master of ceremonies.
Right Rev. Bishop Montgompry of I.- -
Angeles, another classmate of the pastor,
is to preach the sermon of dedication. Th.
morning services •will conclude with the
pontifical sslng from the Archbishop.
In the evening solemn vespers will be
sung. Rev. Father W'allrath of Colusa
will be celebrant: Rev. Father Gallagher.
S. J., of Santa Clara, deacon; Rev. Father
Bvrne of Novata. sub-dpacon. and Rev.
Father Covle, master of ceremonies. Rev.
P. E. . Mulligan will preach the sermon,
and the services will clo^e with the solemn
benediction of the Most Blessed Sacra
ment. A special musical programme will
be rendered at both services by an aug
mented, choir, under the directum of Mr.
Brown. -; . :
- The completion of the magnificent
structure is the crowning work of its en
ergetic and popular pastor. Father Mc-
Ginty. The new church is said to have
cost nearly $50,000. and judging by its
beauty and appointments that sum has
been "judiciously expended. The interior
decorations are not complete, the. walls
havin~ been left bare, until there Is
enougl. money in the church's coffers to
permit their being frescoed, but despite
this fact the inside of the sacred edifice
is made beautiful by reason of its artistic
arrangements: Stained glass windows on
either side of the church allow the sun
light to stream into the edifice; marble
pillars that do not intercept the gaze of
the congregation and are attractive by
reason of their workmanship and mate
ria]; a handsome bronze and onyx rail
ing, which divides the sanctuary* from
the body of the church; chandeliers elab
orate in their manufacture,' and the
church furniture itsei'. help to add com
fort and beauty to the interior.
The church is in possession of the beau
tiful sanctuary lamp • which won the
prize at the World's Fair, the gift of Miss
Morgan, a member of the parish. . Tho
-lx magnificent candelabra which are to
stand on the top shelf of the altar are in
keeping with the altar railing, and were
donated by a gentleman who wishes to
perpetuate the memory of his wife, but
does not want his name published. The
stations of the cross are handsome in
their workmanship and were donated by
John XV. McDonald.
A. temporary wooden altar will soon
give wav to a beautiful marble one, which
was especially made in Carrara, Italy,
and will be shipped here shortly. A splen
did pulpit, marie of onyx and brass, in
keeping with the altar rail, was present
ed to the church by Mr. and Mrs. James
McOlnty, brother and sister-in-law of the
pastor. The four statues on the side al
tars were donated by Mrs. John Barrett,
Mrs. James Regan. Miss Haynes and a
friend who wishes her name kept secret.
The gifts will not be ready in time for
the dedication and their places must be
filled on that occasion by borrowed and
inferior statues. ■. .
The stained-glass windows on either
side of the church were presented by
parishioners. The "Flight of the- Holy
Family Into Egypt" was the gift of W.
J. Biggv; "St. Aloysios" was donated by
Mr. and Mrs. James Coughlan; "Adora
tion of the Magi." by a. friend: "St. Mich
ael," by the Misses Dwiney; "Sacred
Heart," by . Miss Winnie Duffy; "Im
maculate Conception." by the Sodality;
"St. Patrick," by Miss Mollie Shovlin;
"The Agony in the Garden." by Mrs.
Catherine Lindt; "The Savior Delivering
the Keys to Peter," by John Grant. A
handsome baptismal font was presented
by Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Nolan, in memory
of their son.
As the church now stands It costs in the
neighborhood of ISMM. It was erected ,
from the plans of Frank Shea, the- well
known local _._c__U_2ct_._«_lt is- panose
of the cflrrgi'egation* to' spend $10,000 more
in decoration and later put in an organ
which will cost JSOOO. '
TO WIDEN" THE STREET. '
Montgomery Avenue Property Hold
- V ers Want a Boulevard.
The movement to. create an assessment
district for the purpose •' of widening |
Washington street from Montgomery ay- j
enue to the bay is gaining headway all
along the- line in the Monteomery-avenue j
district. The latest backer of the scheme ,
is George Newhall, president of the Fer- j
ries and Presidio Railway Company. Mr. j
Newhall announced yesterday that if the j
street were widened he would convert all
or a greater portion of his present cable
system Into an electric pad. _ ■__ 1
The scheme as laid before the Board or t
Supervisors is to widen Washington street
twenty feet, the property to be condemned
on the south side of the street. This
would give a street seventy feet wide |
from the end of Montgomery avenue to |
the water front and would be the only
sufficient channel of trade to the bay in
the business district. Among the prop-
e>rtv owners who have signed the petition j
are' the Montgomery block. D. Ghirardelli.
A P. Hotaiing Mark Sheldon Company. t
John T. Doyle. John' Treadwell. German
Savings and Loan Association, Frank Es
tate and Marie E." E. Bertori.
_ . «__ »
Porter Woods' Funeral.
BERKELEY. Aug. 9.— The remains of
Porter G. Woods, the fireman who was I
killed in the wreck of the Los Angeles
express near Dos Pai - yesterday, will be •
removed to-morrow moral-, to his lato
residence at the home of Mrs. Charles is.
Earle on Hiigard avenue, near Le Roy
avenue. Arrangements have been made
to hold th* funeral at 3 o'clock in the
afternoon of the same. day. An invitation .
fa extended to all friends and relatives to
be present.
Board of Works.
OAKLAND. Aug. 9. Bids were opened
by the Board of Work.-, to-day for the
dredging- of Lake Merrin. Th only bid
received was that of Johnson & Peterson
for $29,000. The rid was taken under ad
visement.
The board -.■- notified by the owner
that the old cannon of the C_rnanr;he are
not for sale and the controversy over
their purchase is therefore ended.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William B. an '. Susan Hepworth to Joseph
Pailla- lot on S line or Pine street. 106:3
W of Fillmore, XV 23 by S 137:6; J3IOO.
Francis H. Meyer to Carolina M. Sehlesael-
I mann (wife of John H.). lot on W line of
Parker avenue (Williamson). 31»:'> N ot" Point
Lobos avenue. \ 37:6 by XV 120; .10. .
Margaret H. and Netta C Lawrence. N'eiia
R Hart and Mary it Jackson to Alexander
i E McNee. lot on N line of Ell tot Park, 110
W of Sielner, W 22 by N 70 (Hamilton square);
John J. Friedrtchs to Margaretha Frtedrichs
i widow i lot on 9 line of Turk street, 300 E
of North Wlllard. E 32:6 by B 127... $5.
Ellen Gray to Mary C. G. Dunn -wife of
Charles A.), tot on W line of Bartiett street,
320 - of Twenty-second, S 40 by W 125; gift.
Joseph E. Barry and Matthew. l. Sullivan to
Diamond Real Estate and Insurance Company,
lot on N line of Duncan street. 50 E of San
chez E 53-:* by N 106; also lot on SE line
of Market street. 263 SW of Sanchez, SW 27 I
by BE 110; $10. • ' _ _
Diamond Real Estate and Investment Com
! pany to Hannah Foley, same (two pieces); also
! tat on SE corner of Carl and Wlllard streets,
B 30 by B 1*»; $10. __ _ _
Henry and Eliza Stern to Fannie S. Down
ing tot on E line of Castro street. 50 S of
Twenty-fourth. 8 M by E SO; $10.
Margaret A. Skelly and Thomas J and Wil
! liam J. Regan to Johanna J. Stokers, wife of
Charles H. lot on W line Montgomery street.
< 34- 41- N from Sutter, N 68:3 by W M. also en
tire Outside Land block 7*:., bounded E by
; Twentieth avenue. S by L street. TV by Twen-
I ty-first avenue and N by X street: also lot on
w line Noe street. 45 N from Sixteenth. N 23
by W **5- also lot on 8 line Henry street, <*•> V.
j from Noe, W 28 •>- S 115;" also lot on s line
Henry street. 124 W from Noe. W 3S by 3 11.);
also lot on XV line Noe street. IS S from Henry,
S 26 by W 96; also property In Alameda County;
also all Interest in estate of Maria R. Regan;
j "Caroline A. Nixon, wife of M. G., to same,
' same eight descriptions; gift. „ ,
j William H. Grattan to Alcide Boudan. re
! record of 442 d 50. W line Janson street, HI
N from Lombard. N 19:6 by W 137:6; , $1600
, Horace L. Hill to same, lot on tt line Mason
street, IIS N from Lombard, N 19.6 D] v. ._._.
! quit-claim deed; **-,_ . '' . „,„,
Alctde Boud.n to Lulgi. Ferrari and Lute!
I Devtncenzt. lot on TV line of Mason street. 137:-
S of Chestnut. B 19:6 by V 153:6: $10.
' Jose _». Pico to Ysabel Hamley, 00-vara
I block -'O-i.-o feet front by 125. containing lot
on corner of said block, the same being situated
i on the SW corner of said block, having a
southern frontage of 50 feet, an.i as same ap
. pears upon deed in Liter IV executed to me
b- John K. Moore. July 21. HM, being the
i corner of North Point and Hyde streets (as re
; corded), quitclaim deed; IMB. - -_-„,.,.„ „
Solomon and Dora Getz to tt llliam H.
Mitchell, tot on E line of •*»** avenue. 2..0 a
of J street. S 25 by E 13 $10.
Ma& F. and Philip F. Mohrhardt to W.
; Esters -.on Krakan. tot on NE line of Twenty
; seventh avenue 75 NW of X street. 75 tar
NE 100, lot 6, block 49", Bay View Homestead;
1 ilO
i Estate of James G. Fair (tar J. S. Angus. T.
■ c, Crothers and tt'. S. Ooo^tfeltow. executors),
' to' Rose Tlerney. lot on 3 line of Santa Marina
i street! »:• Wot Elsie. W 23 by S 100 lot 41.
I block 2. Fair's subdivision of Holly Park; *__,
Alameda County.
S B McKee to Lewis B. Chandler, lot on
Ntt" line of Thirteenth avenue. 60:8 NE of East
Eleventh street. NE 39:4 by NW 73, block 08,
Clinton. East Oakland: $10. '""„',_
- Lewis B Chandler to John F. DlngwelL lot
on E corner of Monroe street and Twenty-third
avenue SE I 5 ' 1 Ot, X »-!», Ntt' 17... 6. SW 43.70
to -inning, being lot L Draper Tract, being
also a portion of lot 1. Cannon Tract, East Oak
land: $10. _ _. _.
1 Thomas P. Emlgh to Katharlna C. Johnson,
the S portton of lot 67 in plat 27. Mountain
v te? r _C.s"i«er-' -Oakland Township: $10. -
f "O.'T-'«hd Nellie S. Harvey to M. D. Eaton. :
lots 6 and 7, block '. M "'.« Tract. Berkeley; !
KM
Ada and Thomas F. Graber to Patrick Shea. ;
lot 5. block 5. Sea Vie - Park. Berkeley; 810.
Sarah T. Ingalls, S F. Daniels (assignee of
estate of Sara .T. Insra'.i.^. Insolvent). S. F. •
Daniels. Mar Moore and Nasle and Charles ;
F. _____ 'by C. Crowetl. commissioner) to
Antonio Beronio. lot on S line of Bancroft way.
10 W of Fulton street. XV 40 by S 10. being ;
lot 17. block 14, College Homestead Tract,
Berk- J2449. . -.
Mrs. Sam Parr;- ( former! y Catherine Carpen
ter) to Andy L. Stone, lot on _•'-" line of Moss
avenue. 40 S\V of* Elm street, SS 141.53, JJW .
4'). N%Y 111.,' thence 40 to beginning, being lot
15. block P. amended map -Moss Tract, Brook- |
lyn Township: ,10. i
Andy L. Stone to Kare Van '"Tinkle, lot on SE
line of Fifth avenue. 3_6...2 XE of Elm street,
SW 60. SE KM. NE >'■■'■ ' NW 120.. to beginning.
beln_r lot 270 and NE half ot lot 271. Madison
Square, Brooklyn Township: $10.
'♦.ncinal Buildlnr and Loan Association to
Ellas Olson, lot 7. Santa Fe Tract. Brooklyn
Township, quitclaim teed; $5. : .
Buflders" Contracts.
Edward McLaughlin (owner) with John Mc- '
Carthy (contractor), architect Charl»s Geddes,
brick, stone and terra c tta work, grading. «c.
for a six story and basement building, on Mis- .
sion 'tree*.. between New Montgomery • and !
Third streets: $21.00. - . \ -
Same owner with Edward T. Letter (contrac
tor) architect same, carpenter, wood and stair |
work, gla?*>. glaztng, hardware, etc . (or same i
on Ban ?17,0i0.
Same owner with Vulcan Iron Works (con
tractor) architect same, cast and wrought iron
work for same en same; jr...'"- 0
Joseph O. Demlng (owner) with F. H. l_aso— r
(contractor), architect C S. McNally, all work
for a two-story frame building store and Hat),
en NE line of Sixth street. I*2 NW of Bran
nan. NW 23 by N'i 10: $-S4>\
W. H. Mitchell (owner) with W. E. Grant ;
(contractor), architect none, ail work for a two- |
story frame building with brick foundation, on
E line of Ninth avenue, 250 S of J street, -S 0
by B1- Outside Lands block 7.1: $4750.
Robert Hampton (owner) with Marten Car
rick (contractor), architect C. J. I. Devlin-
Plaster work tor a five-story frame build
ing with brick basement on lot on NW corner i
of O'Farrell and Mason street?, W SO by N
0: $rco.
Same owner with Duff^y Bros, (contractors),
architect same — Plumbing 'and csflttlng, etc.,
lor same on same: $34')6.
T. J. and John F. O'Connor (oWnW) to Doug
las & Campbell 'contractors), architect none —
All work for a 2-story frame dwelling on lot on
N line of Waller street. 141:3 E of l->_nn__. E
25 b-. X i:r7:6. Western Addition bock 213: $23l*>.
John D. Spreck-ls (owner) with J. G. and D.
C. Neish and Adam De- '_ .NeUch Bros.) •con
tractor*-), architecta H-ii Bros.— All stone and
brick work for a 3-story residence' on lot on NE
cdrner of Pacific avenue and l_.gur.-_ street.
Western Add!) block 1.3; $24,150.
'-...-* . • _.____._
HOTEL. AiRBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G Ha-pUnan. Saginaw :H C Booth, 8 Barbara
0 B Peasley, Nash lei J H Davis. Los Ang
Gli Ix-rr.^n. Fulton j W E Starr. Detroit
X H Plate. San Jose A P Chlpron _w. L A
H Toujee. Boston |E C Dunn, Fresno
F Lelan.l & w. AlamdiM Goldsmith, Chicago
H X Has, Berkeley jH V Weed. N V
' H I. Cook, Chicago •' F Everson. Los Ang
G Houshcn &w,Stocktn!L Pounds. P.enlela
1 Perrott Jr Stockton X F KraTt. Chicago
Q M Kimball. o_-den J C Chatterjl. India
I D R Hatch, Los ■■ '><_ jEC Hart. Sacto -,
j A H Eddy. Seattle [Vivian Hart, Sacto
i C A Yoerk. Sacto IE C Hopkins. Sacto
; Clara Slocum. Boston C S Guthert. Seattle
Kate Shaughness>i -St i W R Newton. Pac Grv
Louis , ' •; Mrs Baumgariner, St
C J Grim. Kenyoti j Louis --.- :- .'
J XV Bowen. Lis Ang >B R H x.ey. St Louis
'■ Dr E Jiiipello. 8 .1 me i W _. Annin, Wash
,W S Peterson. letn I A F Rooney. MD. 11l
F Brumistool. L An? !ii M R » ciey, Qulncy
L W Shim A nee's ! Emma Makle. Wis
i J B Roor.T. Sacto i E Crane. N V
• w B Less, Cal . [Mrs E Wheeler. Clovrd
I F D Jones. Pittsburg J II Gardner. R Vista
C 3 Pierce. Fresno I. Henderson, Carson
D a Jackson. Fresno J D Bradley. Me-ce.l
s H Dunn Sod C Conner & w. Gatesvl
R A Long! Willows I Miss B Conner. Gatesvl
■ EM' -..-.. Union Miss X rmer.Gatesvl
G M Wilson. Portland Miss E Spray, '- Rock
L -Touts Vancouver R Dp.ilas. San Rafael
PALACE HOT
T Grin : . Tucson "J A Dubbs. Pa
L W Polk. London Miss Green. Pa
O D Fra -• Chicago Miss Rose. Pa
J Het-Trrnn. Chicago Mrs M Rosman. Port
C XV McConnark.Lsvl*. G W Megrath. Omaha
Miss Eldrldge. S l.*ke R Clover. Napa
■■ Mary Eldrldge. S Lake T Phillips. Napa
'■ Gus Eldrldge. -- Like ;D A Davis. Canada
II Eldr - Lake jF W Clarke.. >" T
R Smoot, S Lake [W S Mart'n. 5 Mate
XV Highland. W .'-i C B Locke. Chicago -
I. aveyl W Va iC Downing. Amador
A H Wright Stoekton Miss .1 liar. ten. Ne~
II R Duffin. Lcs Ang -Minnie Livineston.Nev
L P McCnrma-k. Pa JP J Conroy. Cal
I R Coalbi Jr. Pa [C D Dunham. Boston
! F Harvey, Kan Cltv IO L Norton. L* 3 - "
V Vazz.t:. Los Ang R Van .Buren. Oregc-n
C r Roy. Gold Hill : Miss Pfunder. Portlnd
. W F Strong. N V Miss L Pfunder. Port
' Miss W Strong N V jChas Dlerk». Portland
A X Shattuck. NT C N Thomas, Hldsburg
I Mrs Shattuck. N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
> Miss x Dixon. L Ang J H Donnelly. Folsom
! Miss J Halt*-- Diego j D Rush. .an Jose
I Miss A M Graves. re! '.I A Brown. Petaluma
|C B Taylor. Sulsun !J McGulrk. N V
'. Hoffman Fresno : T Francis. Portland
W J Davis. Mich : E A Rauscb. Portland
Mrs XV M Dorcy. MichjF Hlgglns. Stockton
C Nelson, S Jose I O Morrison. Cal
a L Hantfin. Sacto • : F Llsley. Georgia
H L Bai -.- Oregon : D E Sparks. Neb
A Joao.uin. Cal . t -
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, Aurust 3.
Stmr Newsboy. F.i.-er _*.' hours from Usa!.
with schr Neptune in tow.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel. -24 hours from
Bowens Landing. -- -
Schr Neptune. Estvold. 29 hours from Usal. i
In tow of stmr New-hoy.
-Nettle Sondborg, Nelson, 28 boon from
Fort Ross.
'SAILED.
Wednesday, August 9.
Br 'stmr Moai Carey, Honolulu and Syd
ney.
DOMESTIC FORTS. .
TACOMA— Arrived Aug S — Stmr City of I
Pl'.elv | hence Aug 4.
Sailed Aug 9— Bktn George C Perkins, for I
Hilo.
SEATTLE— A Aug 9 — Stmr Charles Nei- I
son, hence ...ir 6. -j
EASTERN PORTS.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug 9 Stmr Cleone hence |
Aug 8; schr Maxim, hence Aug 3.
PAN PEDRO— Sailed Aug Schr Lettltla, for
Grays Harbor.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Geo Loo
mis. hern Aug *. -. — •/ -V. - ". '•'"'■-
Sailed Aug 9— Stmr Geo I_oomis, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Aug 9— Stmr North Fork,
for Pan Francisco: stmr National City, for San
Diego; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
Arrived __ig 9— Pchr J G Wall, hence July 30.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FERNANDO DE NQRONHA— Passed. Aug «— :
fhip Kennebec, from Baltimore, for San Fran- j
cisco. ■■-.. ■: "■'' ' '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 7— Br «hip Norma,
from Glasgow. Aug •_— Br ship Iranian from
Seattle. " ,
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug *— Br ship j
Troop, from Oregon; Fr bark Grand Duchesse
Oiga. from Oregon. . ■ .
Sailed Aug S Fr hark Grand Duchesse Olga.
for Antwerp.
SWANSEA— Arrived Aug 6— Br ship Merion
eth, from Oregon. ••":-:':
Sailed Aug 6— bark Gassard. for San Fran
cisco. Aug 9— Br ship Pass of KiUlecrankle,
for San Francisco.
KINSALE— Passed Aug B— Br ship Achnashie,
from Oregon. :-. 1 < •
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Aug 9— U S stmr Sher
man, for San Francisco. :~y
RUNCORN— Arrived Aug 7— Br ship Norma,
from Ores :. '_'._,_. -.
VANCOUVER— Aug £— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Hongkong. - 1_ -
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug I— L S stmr War
ren, for San Franc'sco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug J— Stmr Ethiopia,'
from New York. -- ; -
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Calta- j
tenia, from Boston, for Liverpool: stmr Perm- j
land. Philadelphia, for Liverpool; stmr New- j
England. Boston, for Liverpool. . . •
HONGKONG— Arrived. Aug 9— Stmr Carlisle
City from Pan Diego, via Yokohama.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Servla, ,
from Liverpool and Queenstown. ;
BATL2-OAD TBAV.EC-
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
IKE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET "FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IX
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS "AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE . MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street. '
SAX JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
HALL-ROAD
lOFTHKR9 PA«TII'IC tfl_lP_»T.
ii'.cirii; »«_rtnlt)
Trains Irsic »n.l nr- «iii© l«» i»rrl»e at
SAN rusitsc*.
(Mam Line, Foot <:f K-dtti Street)
: l_av_ - from Apgust 2, 1539. — Aaar-a
7:00 . Benicia. Stflsnn and :-_.«-.___—_•. . . .- «:43»
7:0»» v Mar--ViUc. oroTi.ici-ad Redding »i- ___
AVoo-Uantl .- '•_*'
7:«.<#_ Lii_ -.-* ""V-"aTil ie _ud R_msc7. ; a-.oor
?:3Wa «_.-.:■% StnK imcn,V_i__oj« Napa.
talistcg.. and Scats Rosa _ : I'? P
SMMa Atlantic l_rprr_3, l)e-le:i and* East-. _:-•>_
_*•:_.!_ * -_:: .i.s'. - LiTcnnore. .Stockton.
lone. Sacrai:i_*Jto. Plic--r.Ule.
M.i.-Tsfiile. C-_», ltd 81uff...... _ : »2"
BtS»a ■__-«-. C-kdalo and -ocora -:l*r
8:30 a T-H-dta Valley Tia (-'akdaie and _--,'-'"-
Chines ' •- **}_*
9:00 a Hayvrards. Ni; a and Way .-.tatiens'. - I1:4-»a
»:«»•.*. Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton. m __ m
Merced and Fresno 1-iIOF
tl-.oo* Fres(io, lia_:cisi_eld nrta Ba— hara,
Los Armeies. Den-ing. El Paso,
New Orleans and X..' ss.'5 s . '? F
IMC. Till jo. Mania- and Way tattoos ''■*•**
1 1 :OOa H_y-----_ Xilca and Way Stations. _rs3p
l_.:OOa Niica, Livennore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Mendota, H-nforJ. Vi-aiia, -
Pcrtenillo -. dtlSp
•l:dOP Sacramento Hirer Stenraera •S.:«.l»p
It: OOp Hay-a-ds, Nil. and Way Stations. o:43i*
4:()Ur M:-.r: :-.i-. t.au llmsoii, 'Vallejo, _
Napa, » . : _^.g». Sauta llosa SilOA
«:»Or Ecnicia. \*ac_Tille, miento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,. _
BlarysTillc, < >....;;:- 10:43 a
_:30r Nilcs, San. Stockton 7:1.»p
1:30? Yosemitc sleeping Car for Raymond J2:I3P
S:_OpTne OwL Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-.
field, --aujrus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. • : *'*
S:SOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno ia:I»P
i 0:3 Op Martinez, Trscy, Mendota. Fresno,
L B-ifara and l.os Angeles 8:43 a
j Bi36r Santa We IConte. AUatoUa Express
for I.ii:i»e and *—*■ 6:43p
•iAO Chicago-San Francisco Special,' .gileu _ ___
and M _:»Op
8:OOp Hav-__ rds, Niles and i.an J05e. ..... 7:4.->a
•e.UOrVa-lejd _. 18:18?
JT:OOp Vail-]-. Port Costa and Way Sta- •
tions 19:33p
Bto3p Oregon Kxi>re«a_ac tax Marys-
vili" lleddi-tg. Portland, Puge*
Sound aii'd East B:l3__
MTISIOS (?;arrorr4Ja_ige)..
(Fool; cf Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion tor . Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBjo3»
8:13 a Newark, Cent* rrillcSan Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Station.. .' mmm
•»»_3r Newark, Centerrflie, San Jose, New
Aim-den. Felton, Banldar Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
StitioDS »ia^aa
4:13r San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta- .
tions 9:28_
M< 13r Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta- ■_
■ tions /9»20a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtnSlS ntAßffliSCO— c. Kirkel Jtre«t(SUp 8)—
•715 9:00 H.-OOa.M. tl:0fl *3:03 13:C3
•i:C3 $5:C3 ::'•.»«.
frtniOlUlJD— root «f 3ra_dw»».— "SiOO 8.-00 10:OOi.M.
112:C3 *1:C: IMS _3_CO I<=C3 *3:33r.M.
COAST -»ITISI*>-I Drdad Gauge).
(Third and Town-end Sta.) *__
•0:1 Oa Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *»:3«._ >
- **7:©Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •8:O0__
♦7:30 a Sunday __xct__u__ for Santa Cruz,
P.:citic OroTt) and Principal Way
! Stations JB:B3p
9iooa San .'•'•--. 'ii •_ Th .., H l»U Cmz.
Pacific Grore. Paso Robles, Baa '
I— da Obispo, Surf. Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:18p
!•<<•. ._;;,!.-"« a Way Stations «<33a
-1:3!-*- San Joae and Way Stations 1i30»
*2:43p Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, . = ai.:a Clara, sen .lose.
Hollister, Santa Cxns, Saiinaa.
Monterey and Padfia Gr0ve...... •10:3« A
•B:3*p San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grore
and Principal Way Stations «7:30p
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•s:»<v Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations *". :33a
5:30 San Jivse'iin. l Principal Way Stations -9:»Oa
o::torSa:i. lose ami Way Stations 3:30p
. t11:43p SqT; Jcscr.ii.l Way Stations _7:3«p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
! •Sam":.. excepted. J Sunday only. * Saturday only.
iScf-Tdsy and Sunday / Sunday and Monday.
I CALIFORNIA NORTB¥EST_-_K 81. CO.
LBSSEa
SAI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market 6t,
BAN FBANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. ,
WEEK DAYS— 8:00, U:00 a. m. ; 13:-_V
8:30. 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra tr;»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:68
and 11.30 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; IiSO, *.».
6:00, 8:20 p. __
' BaN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— £:IO, 1:50, »_». 11:10 a. m.; 12:«,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:55' and 6:35 p. m. •» ■
; SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, U:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5-8.
0 _i p. m . ' -" ■ - - m i
B-tween San Francisco and Schaetzea Park
I game schedule aa above. ■"
i . j
Leave l Arrtv©
Ban Francisco. la Effect San Francisco, ,
I April !«. L .—l
j Week I Sun- UM. I S*--«- Week
' Cays. j days. Destination. ' days. Daya !
j _ ——————— ————— —m
j 7:30 am 5:0. am, Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ana
I 1.30 pm| $:30 aS Petaluma. s 8:05 pm 10:55 am
; 6:10 pm 6-00 pm Santa K_=a. ' 7:35 pm 8:33 pta
" I - Fulton,
f -SO am Windsor, 10. MB
Healdsburg. .
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
1:0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. ■ T:3S pin 8:0 pta
JO am Hopland aad ; 10:25 az__
1:30 pmi 8:00 am L'kiah. ' 7:35 pm, 6:20 pa
1:0 am! 10:JSS ana
8:00 am, GuemerHle. ; 7:35 pm
1:0 pm j 8:0 pot
Tt3o am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 a_»
and j
1:10 pm 5:00 pmj Glen Ellen, i 8:03 pm 8:0 pa»
T:0 am S.*Coam! Sebastcpol. 10:40 am 10:0 am,
1:30 pm 5:00 pm: I 7:35 pm 6:0 pta
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wert
i Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
' for Lytton Springs; at Geyser-. Li. c for Skaggs
| Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Ho_>-
land for Dun.-an Springs. Highland Spring*.
! Keisewill". Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
-1 pert and Bartiett Springs; at L'kiah for Vichy
i Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
i Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
t Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
i Buckne'.l's, Sanhedrin Heights. Huilv'.iie.
, Boonevllle. Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
We'tport. Usa!. "Wlllltts. Layt_nvilla. Cxim-
n_!ng*s. Bali's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, 'Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
red-iced rates. • ' -
On Sundays roar.d trip tickets to all pctnta
beyond San Rafael at half fates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market art.. Chronicle bid*.
H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Genera! Manager. Gen. Pass. Axent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Comrr.ep- -- April 23. 1599.
' FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. --S:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45 3:20. 4:00, *6 : , y>. 6:0 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
1 and Sundays. at 9:00 and 11:0 p. m.
SUNDAYS— -.:00. »9:GO. *10:C0. 11:00. '.'.:30 a.
m * 1:00. 1:45. '2:30, •4:00. 5:30. 6:45 p. m.
11*00 a. m. does not run to San Ran Sundays.
s*o p m. does not fun to Mill Vai'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
1 FRoM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. "'5:40. 7:55. 8:40. 10:2*
am.; 12:30. 2:1". »3:40. 4:33. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday- at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:'», '«:'». *3:43. 'lO:!^ "11:45
a. m.; 1:00. 2:0, *-:0. '5:15. *«:00. 7:00. 10:15
< p. m. ___________
Trains marked (•. run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. .6: .0. • - ; . B:w>. 10:33
a. m.: 12:3... 2:43. 4:55. 5:0 p. «*•.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, a; 7:00. 10:0 p. m.
SUNDAYS - left, 10:00. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05.
l-» 0 2:40. 3:35. 5:30. 6:30. 10:0 p. m.
■ THROUGH TRAINS.
, ', 7:00 a. m week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3 »0 p m Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
'5 15 p. m. week 1.- (Saturdays excepted)—
' Point Reyes and way stations.
I*oo a. m Sundays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
i 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Ft. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
' From Jan. 2S. IS&*. trains will run as follows:
South-bound I • . | North-bound.
' pTssen- Mixed. I Mixed. 1 Passen-
ger. Sunday! Stations. . Sunday! ger.
1 Dally. Exc'ptdf - Exc-ptdf Dally.
! '. "ii am _'»:J0 arn\ Stockton I 3:4." pm ; 6:.)pra
i 9*lo amf tiOf- pm Merced 12:40 pmj 4:13 pm
0:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 amj 2:4* pm
i 11*38 am 7 4". pm Han:'crd 7:43 ami 1:43 pm
1 : "S 12-39 am Bakersfleld Mam ll:C0 am
: 11*59 ami 6:25 pm Vi-aiia - 6:40 am 1:22 pm
' 12:15 pmi '5 .52 pm Tulare 1 3:0 ami 1:0* pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required. .
For particular-" of stage and other connections
: Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market St..
San Francisco. ' __
MOUNT TA.MALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry. '
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 13».
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip en Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
l3zs. arriving 'n San Francisco at 11:20
p. m. ','•'■ ■ ■
i SUNDAYS. 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:48. 2:30
and 4 p. m.
Far- S. F. to Summit and Return. 81 46.
; THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market at.
1112
CALIFORNIANS HEADED HOME.
BIG SALE
EXPECTED
Auction of Boxes and
Seats at the
Orpheum.
It Costs Nothing to Attend
It and Get Strictly in
the Swim.
The auction sale of boxes and choice
seats for the benefit of the California
Volunteers will begin promptly at noon
to-day at the Orpheum. A short and
snappy entertainment will precede the
main "event. Every possible arrangement
has been made for the seating, of the vast
crowd expected and they are promised an
afternoon's pleasure absolutely free of
cost. Don't forget that.
Almost as elaborate preparation has
been made for the reception of the public
at this sale as has been i upended so far
on the benefit proper. First of all It has
been arranged as a sort of dress affair—
not full dress, just full enough. The
Mayor will be there to receive the patri
otic public bent on loosening its purse
strings and such others as may drop in
to lend eclat— or something like it—to the
occasion. Assisting his Honor will be
.1 bevy of bewitching stage beauties, -who
will mask their designs on the audience
behind parapets of smiles. You've heard
of them all and admired their photo
graphs, if vou 'don't know them. Now s
your chance to get up closer. Here's the
beauty list to date: Edna Wallace Hop
per. Catherine Grey; Blanche Bates. Mar
garet Anglin. Alice Neilson. Florence
Roberts Edith Ma-son; Anna i.ieht^r,
'Louise Thorndvke Boucicault; Mary an
' Huren . Delia Stacey, Mary Linek. iiattie
Belle Ladd. Juliet Crosby. Helen Henry,
May Buckley; Irene Everett! Mrs. Ernes
tine Kreling. Mrs. John Morrisey and
Beth Frankiyn. .Numerous others will un
doubtedly be present.
The Orpheum doors will be thrown open
to the public at 11:30 lock this morn
ing. The theatrical managers will be on
hand to act as ushers and will be assisted
by two voting men from each playhouse
in the city. Six Adonises of the Police
Department will keep order. Promptly
at ion the orchestra will strike up the
liveliest thing it knows. It is the inten
tion after this to put on an entertainer
lor two. then to turn on blograph pictures
•of battle scenes, introduce Mayor Phelan,
who will make a few remarks, and then to
shoot Mr. Wendell Baston through a
stage trap into the gaze of the wondering
audience. Mr. Eastoir" has no whiskers
on the top of his head to deceive them,
A few hypnotic passes from the director
general of the auction ad the intending
buyers of 'poxes and choice seats are sup
posed to be dead easy. He will get out
his little hammer and start his assistants
on their way. Any one who has ever
seen Mr. Easton officiate at a function
of this sort knows the fund of humor at
his command. He is irresistible, and
when he gives any one a "knock down"
to another, the case is fixed. They say
he once arranged one between an impov
erished nobleman and a Lssiety girl, and
now they've got as far as the divorce
court.
This fund of humor is at the disposal
of the theatrical managers' committee to
day and if the running comments of Mr.-
Easton do not furnish enough action to
the piece a great many people are mis
taken.
Colonel I- J. Lyons, a Grand Army vet
eran, will do the "going, going, gone"
part of the performance and-two heroes
of Santiago. Major H. W. Cardwell and
Captain T. XV. Moore, who arrived lately
in the city, will lend their presence to the
scene.
The stage managers at their meeting
yesterday morning announced that they
had every reason to believe the boxes and
choice of seats would go as readily as th.-
California Volunteers responded to the
.call to arms. Many people had already
communicated their Intention of getting
iii early for choice pickings.
Remember, it costs you nothing to go
APPEAL TO THE PUBLIC.
The unexpected news re
ceived yesterday respecting
the arrival of the California
troops within thirteen days
from now has placed all the
committees in a very awk
ward position. The executive
council of the finance commit
tee earnestly appeals to the
public to mak* their sub
scriptions immediately. Those
who intend to give are re
quested to do so promptly,
without waiting to be asked.
They should send their sub
scriptions by mail.
It is impossible for the
committee to proceed with, the
decorations and their prelim
inary arrangements without
some definite knowledge of the
amount they will be able to
expend. The time is short,
but there are thousands, who
are desirous that a proper re
ception should be accorded to
the home-coming soldiers, who
will heed this appeal.
M. H. DE YOUNG. Chairman.
GEORGE H. PIPPY, Sec.
August 9 1899.
to the auction and be in the swim, where
the water is perfumed and warm. The
preliminary entertainment is as free as
the eagle bird. Can you afford to miss
it? Hardly. Don't forget, either, the
orchestra begins to play at 12, noon,
sharp; door? open at 11:30 a. m.
COLLECTORS FIND
MONEY TO BE EASY
Citizens' Executive Council Hears
Excellent Reports.
The executive council of the finance
committee met yesterday afternoon at the
Chronicle building with the following
members present: Chairman M. H. dc
Young. Grove P. Avers. Henry Sonntag,
J. P. Jackson, Congressman Julius Kahn,
A. H. Vail and Secretary George H.
Plppy.
The following sent letters with checks
inclosed:
H. R. Hood $10
South End Warehouse, George H.
Lennan, proprietor 25
W. J. Golcher, for Clabrough,
Golcher & Co 20
' William Aivonl 25
George A. Knight 25
Thomas Brown, cashier California
Bank, personal 25
Bank of California 500
The letter from the Bank of California
with its substantial remittance nd the
personal checks of two of the officers of
the institution. President William Aivord
and Cashier Thomas Brown, called forth
a special vote of thanks from the com
mittee besides many complimentary • com
ments. The hope was expressed that the
good example will encourage other bank
ing institutions to do likewise.
Collector of the Port Jackson handed
in a certificate for $200, contributed by
the Custom-house employes, stating that
this was only a first payment and that
collections were still going on.
Congressman Kahn reported the follow
ing as the result of a short collecting
tour- Cafe Royal. $50: Red Front, $25;
Charles XV. Rebman, $20; Carroll & Til
ton $10; J. H. A. Folkers. $5; Phlllpot &
Armstrong. $5; J- W. Weinberg, ' $1;
C chairman de Young reported that Chief
Lees had stated that his department
would contribute at least $2000 to the re
ception fund and the Fire Department
Will swell the fund to the tune of $500.
At the suggestion of the wholesale boot
HOW THE SHERMAN
WILL MAKE THE RUN
a _ _=7=-_HE United States transport Sherman sailed from Yokohama for San
* Francisco at noon yesterday. Colonel Duboee, in a telegram announcing
*- the departure of the troopship, says that she' will be off the Faral
* X lones at noon. of August 22 or 23. Shipmasters are of the opinion that
*- the colonel has made a mistake in his calculations, as none of them
+ can see how the Sherman can get here before August 24 at the earliest
* Captain Barneson, superintendent of the transport service, said a few days
* ago: "The Sherman is now in better trim and her machinery in better order
* -than at any time since she came on the coast. I expect her to average -.9,
* knots each twenty-four hours, and if she makes 300 knots a day she will do
*" well. If all goes well she should make the run from Yokohama to ban i- ran
*" Cisco in fifteen days."
* If the Sherman comes across from Japan on a Mercator course, as many
* of the transports have done of late, she will have to cover 4,91 knots but if
*• she comes on a great circle the distance will only be 4536 knots. At this time
* of the year, however, fogs are very prevalent on the great circle route and
* the chances are that Captain Grant will steer a medium course of say 4650
J miles to San Francisco. . __«-■'__«_'__
+ The average run for the transports from Nagasaki, which is 660 knots
J from Yokohama, is nineteen days. The Newport and Ohio on their last trips
__ made it in that time, while the Sherman made it in eighteen days. The best
1 run of the year was the fifteen days of the Hancock, .while the Puebla made
I it in 15 days 23 hours, and the Australia in 16 days. From Yokohama the rec-
Z. ord of 12 days 45 minutes is held by the China, made on the occasion when .
*. Lieutenant Schwerln was speeding the fiver. Repeatedly the China; Coptic
* and Doric have made the run in 12 days 13 hours, but Hun they are fifteen
*- knot steamers, while the Sherman is classed as "a good twelve-knot boat."
*- From this it will' be seen that Colonel Duboee has made a mistake In his
* calculations somewhere and that it will be the afternoon of August 24 or the
*• morning of the 25th before the Sherman will be due.
«_L
_.
TWO YOUTHFUL STARS WILL SHINE AT THE BIG BENEFIT.
ONE of the most attractive features at the benefit for the returning California Volunteers will, be the little
sketch, "A Doctor's Patient." by Harry Linton and Leila Mclntyre, two youngsters now appearing at the Or
phi .in. The sketch is simply the vehicle used by the young artists to convey their clever specialties. Leila
Mclntyre made her .first appearance on the stag.- in 1886. From then until six years _ ago she took part in numer
ous amateur productions. By I '-.: her work had attracted considerable attention and she accepted an engage
ment with Waite's Comic Opera Company. She afterward played soubrette parts with the Burton Stanley Comedians,
and three years ago went into vaudeville. She has been successful, and in spite of her tender years is able to com
mand a big salary. Although but a youngster, she is her own business manager and possesses a very keen apprecia
tion of the value of her services. Oft the stage she is just a pretty little girl, frank and full of life. Harry Linton has also
been successful beyond his years. He was last here with the Gay Coney Island Company, In which he played leading
comedy parts.
and shoe men a special committee con- |
sisting of W. P. Buckingham, Fred Me-
Williams and George H. Young was ap
pointed to wait on them for subscriptions.
it was reported to the council that
Henry Jacobs, having heard on the street
that he had been appointed on the green
fruit committee, started out at once, and
In a short time had collected $14."). He
subsequently learned that he was one of
the canners and packers committee. His
efforts are none the less appreciated and
the money will be added to the fund.
George Newhall has expressed his in
tention to subscribe $1"". M. Kohlberg has
turned in his book with $100 collected.
while C. S. Benedict gathered $200 in a
few hours' Work.
The following letter will be sent' to the
banks, pas. water, express companies and
all other corporations, with a view to
hastening their subscriptions:
"Gentlemen: The executive council of
the finance committee for the welcoming
of our soldiers desire to call your atten
tion to the fact that n. committee will
call upon you on Saturday. August 12,
to ascertain the amount of your donations j
to this public fund, the committee assum
i::_. that you intend to give. We respect- !
fully suggest that your donation be as
liberal as your public obligations will
permit.
"The object of calling your attention to
this is so that you can see your directors
before the committee calls on you. Re
spectfully yours.
"M. H. DE YOUNG. Chairman. s
"GEORGE H. PIPPY, Secretary."
A special communication will also be
sent to the capitalists, as many of them
cannot be reached by the committees. •
NATIVE SONS AND
DAUGHTERS MEET |
Details of the Big Parade Ar
rang.-d by Committees.
The Native Sons' and Daughters' execu
tive committee met last night at head
quarters and heard the report of the
badge committee, which was that a red,
while and blue badge had been selected,
also a gold one with button. _;'•'.:■'
The invitation committee was em
powered to Issue invitations to those who
will go on the committee's tug in the
naval parade. It was decided to discon
tinue the soliciting of donations for the
Native Daughters' banquet.
The parade committee then held a meet
ing with L. C. Pistoles! in the chair. .Mr.
Lewis suggested the appointment of a j
sub-committee of three to confer with a
like committee of the executive commit- !
tee. A. L. gens tern, M. Colin and j
Mrs. < '. I-'. Kapp were appointed such j
committee.
The president stated that estimates of
the cost of the parade are about 14000. -
The secretary announced that the mem
bers of the Fifth Regiment would not be
able to remain over night, but that they
would 'take part in the military reception.
Syl. Shaben, marshal of the Foresters
of America, stated that the order would
do all it could to make the biggest show
In the parade.
Mr. Morgenstern said that he wished to
give the assurance of the Native Sons i
and Daughters that whatever money the ]
citizens' committee should contribute to i
the parade committee should be properly \
and judiciously expended. To tnat end
were appointed S. It. Daniels and Colonel
W. P. Sullivan Jr. of the- citizens' parade
sub-committee and J. W. i_ewis, J. ____,
Carroll and I_. ('. Pistol, si of the Native
Sons as a finance and auditing committee,
all bills to be approved by it.
The grand marshal was authorized to
select hats and sashes. He announced his
selection of black hats with gold tassels
and stars. The colors will be red, white j
and blue for the grand marshal, with
gold rosette; for chief of staff, pure
white; for chief aid. blue; for marshals of
division, old gold; aids to grand marshal,
red, and aids to division marshals, blue;
gauntlets gray.
Colonel Sullivan asked what number of !
bands and carriages would be required.
The information In exact figures could
not be furnished, but it was stated that
there would be carriages required for the
veterans of the Mexican war, for the Na- j
tive Daughters and Pioneers.
Colonel Sullivan said he thought the j
Pioneers ought to meet their own ex
pense for carriages. He thought that the I
Governor and staff ought to ride on
horseback and not in carriages, and that
the Mayor and city officials should pa
rade on foot. J
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 10, 1899.
Mrs. Mattie Ferris suggested that the
Native Daughters should walk and that
she would urge that idea In the parlors.
The meeting adjourned to the call of
the chair.
The Society of California Pioneers dur
ing the da;,- -sent word to the grand mar
shal that owing to advanced age and in
firmities if was impossible for the mem
bers to parade. The society offered' the.
use of its assembly hall for committee
meetings The grand marshal sent a let
ter to the society stating that the Native
Sons and Daughters would consider it un
fortunate if the fathers of the present
generations did not take part and he in
formed them that all members who- would
participate would be furnished with car
riages. He expressed the hope that they
would accept the offer.
The Germania Club will parade with its
own band and float.
The cigar makers ' reported that they
would turn out with the labor organiza
tions.
Sequoia Parlor. N. S. G. W., has ap
pointed If. A. Hasselbach, C. M. Ward
and J. M. Donohue a committee to ar
range for th* parade.
The •Oestreicher Verein will turn out
with the German section.
The Riggers' and Stevedores' Associa- .
tion announced its intention to parade and
asked that by reason of being the oldest
. labor organization in the city it be given
the right of line in the labor division.
■ The eight camps of the Woodmen of the
World will meet to-morrow night to ar
range to turn out between seven and eight
hundred members. ■ ..■'■■■"
RECEPTION NOTES.
The committees of the various com
panies of the First Regiment, California
Volunteer Infantry, held a joint meeting
yesterday afternoon in National Guard
Hall. 815 Ellis street. The meeting was
called to order by R. C. Rockwitz, who
then resigned in favor of C. M. Moores.
president of the association of parents
and relatives. Miss A. Mc-Dermitt was
appointed to represent the Hospital Corps
In the deliberations! It was decided that
all surplus funds should be used for the
benefit of soldiers out of work or for
families in want through the absence of a
member who had gone to serve his coun
try.
Stanford graduates will meet in a few
days to practice some of their college
yells, with which, they will greet the re
turning volunteers. It is their intention
to give their old college chums a banquet
shortly after the official reception.
. » .
I_adles* tailor-made suits,' fur capes, cloaks.
j Credit. M. Rothschild. 324 Post st.
GENERAL PLAN FOR
THE BIG RECEPTION
a r? T was decided yesterday at the Joint conference of representatives from <p
-H the Native Sons and Daughters and the citizens' reception committees,. -*
-)t that Governor Gage be asked to set aside as a legal holiday the second -fc
-* __ day after the arrival in the bay of the transport Sherman with the Call- -*
+ fornia boys from the Philippines. .:•"■" "♦*•
+_ • The programme, as at present outlined, contemplates a naval parade on the ■¥■
-* afternoon of the arrival, with a grand illumination' at night of the shipping -*
■¥ in the harbor. Next morning the Fighting. First is to disembarks, and, after •¥■
■* breakfast with their relatives at the ferry depot, march with military *
"* escort .to the Presidio, where they will be given leave to spend the remainder J
"* of the day as they list, which will undoubtedly be at the homes they left to J
+ fight for their country. That night the electric light display Will probably J
* be made in their honor. The next night comes the big parade, when all the *
"■* organizations, civic and military, in San Francisco, re-enforced by many *
"■** from surrounding towns, will march with the California heroes under the J
* canopy, of incandescent light provided by the citizens' committee, to be ac- ' *
"■* claimed by a cityful and reviewed by the Mayor, and, if -possible, the Gov- *£
_\\ ernor. '-''- '■■','■■■■ _*
_C It will be a holiday of three days without interruption, an outpouring of _£
_Z a patriotic people to greet its best-beloved, to press them to its breast and kill +_
X for them the fatted calf. No such occasion has ever presented itself be- +_
X fore In California. It was the first to give Its sons to the defense of the 4.
_X country and It gave them willingly, if somewhat sorrowfully at the parting, *
-k And now they are coming back, a few less in number, but in good -health, -ft
-k with the flush of victory on their foreheads. Some that went away boys re- -*
? turn men, all of them heroes from whose brows none could If they would •*
-X pluck the laurel. ."■-;. ■•;-'. •¥■
■♦- Nothing la too good for them, and nothing the city has will be spared to *-*
-* make a welcome that will warm their recollections In the days to come. ♦
*. ' *
(M 3-5* I l * 3**-"" • la ■"" '* ■*•" -^ ■" ■* -"" •* -*•" •*-■ •** 35T PS "Si Pa 3_r,
IN PARADE
ON THE BAY
Gay Craft to Greet the
Coming California
Boys.
Red Fire and Lanterns at Night
to Light All the Sh pping
in the Harbor. ?
No feature of the reception to the home
coming California volunteers will be
grander or more picturesque than the
naval parade on the bay provided for yes
terday by the shipping interests of San
Francisco.
Seldom has more enthusiasm been man
i ifested than that at the meeting held dur
j ing the afternoon at the office of the Har
bor Commissioners in the ferry building.
The attendance was not as large as was
expected on account of the funeral of
i Captain Goodall, but extraordinary re
-1 suits were accomplished.
When Paris Kilburn. chairman of the
| Harbor Commissioners' committee, called
; the meeting to order there were present
Harbor Commissioners Harney and Her
| old, Secretary William D. English, Chief
Wharfinger Percy Henderson. Assistant
Chief George Dryden, John D. Spreckeis,
J. Haswell of the Johnson-Locke Mercan
tile Company; A. W. Foster, president of
the North Pacific Coast road; Charles
Clarke, manager of the California Naviga
tion ■ and Improvement Company: Pilot
Commissioners H. S. Pratt and William G.
Leale, J. J. Eiaverside, Alfred E. Pryor of j
Piper, Aden & Goodall, J. R. Hanify, Dan
iel T. Cole, Commodore J. S. Hanlev of
the Encinal Yacht Club, Captain B. F.
Tietjen, Commodore Gutte of the San
Francisco Yacht Club and Henry Peter
son.
"The genera] committee." said Commis
sioner Kilburn, "has asked the Harbor
Commission to take charge of the arrival
In the harbor of the California volunteers
and we desire that it be made an over
whelming success. For that purpose we
have invited you shipping men to meet
and co-operate with us. The first duty
that devolves upon us is the selection of
an admiral to take Immediate charge of
the naval display and I would ask for
your nominations for that important posi
tion." ___£___
. A. XV. Foster nominated John D. Spreck
eis and the nomination was made unani
mous.
Mr. Spreckeis was called upon for a
speech, and in response said; "If you ex
pect a speech from me you will be dis
appointed; but I am sure you will not be
disappointed in the naval parade. With
the assistance of the shipping men I will
endeavor to arrange such a demonstration
as will reflect as much credit on this com
munity as was reflected on the State by
our gallant boys in Manila."
• Chairman Kilburn said the naval pa
rade committee was of the opinion that
the reception fund could be swelled if
owners of vessels would volunteer to car
ry excursionists at a small fee on the day
of the demonstration, the moneys so re
alized to si>e turned over to the citizens'
finance committee. . He said he was ready
to receive proffers of aid in this direction.
A. W. Foster then placed the large
steamer Ukiah at the disposal of the com
mittee. One thousand people can be ac
commodated on the boat.
Chairman Kilburn informed the meeting
that Goodall, Perkins & Co. and the South
ern Pacific Company had also volunteered
several boats.
Alfred E. Pryor donated the. use of the
Sunol and another steamer. . Charles
Clarke said his company would provide
one or more steamers to take care of 1000
people. J. R. llanify announced that ne
would fit up on the day named all the
steam schooners which may happen to be
in the harbor belonging to his company,
and Commodore Gutte will donate the
yacht Chispa.
The details of the parade were all left to
■Admiral Spreckeis, who has announced
his intention of communicating with the
.__: .•■--- Hale :.., — J _5-!i!!_^™-™-_^^ 3zzl!t~~~~~~~-.
y 935 to 947 Market Street.
c new dress goods.
Fall goods . are. coming in— industrious,
discriminating buyers in New York hust-
-3 ling out goods by express. Pan Francisco
gets the new things at Hales.
£ taffeta silks— 44 . new shades, including
j Jockey Club. Cyranos, plvolne, new blues,
M purples, slates and modes; we fully guar-
F antee wearing quality; 19 inches wide •.
"*W A yard, 75c*
J black ducliesse— 20 inches "wide; 11C0 yards
J just In; guaranteed all-silk, the best dye
r and superior finish A yard, 75c
%^ plaid suitings— New and stunning, rough
camel's hair; in new coloring; at
J 25c a yard
£ new cheviots— In black and three shades of
new blues; 50 Inches wide, and shower
1 proof 75c a yard
\ men's furnishings.
SSome pickups here you don't find every
C day.
A lot of men's club ties. In dark silks;
J 2."c values; the odds and ends of the season;
w also a bi_ lot of four-ln-hands. in light
;Tj shades; all at lOc each
J Only a few dozen left of the men's un-
C^ laundered shirts; sizes to wear with 14,
£ 14.4, 15 collars; a regular .'>■.• value; at. ,25c
s. bazaar bits.
J Paving on sundry articles— a dime here,
C a quarter there.
£ 40-az. bottle vaseline '..8c
l 2 boxes balsam tolu soap (6 cakes)...... 16c
£ Ladles' rubber gloves, pair Ssc •
3 3-quart fountain syringe; fine rubber
r pipes; every one fully guaranteed.. BLOO
. _A/c close at 6 o'clock every day— Saturday Included.
owners of craft of every description ask
ing them to participate In the. magnificent
pageant. _, .
•At this stage of the proceedings enthu
siasm fairly bubbled over; so that when
Mr. Prvor suggested a night demonstra
tion on "the bay it was seized with avidity.
Everybody was In favor of it and sug
gestions began to pour in by the dozen
on the chair. If half of them are carried
Into effect "a night in Venice" will be only
a tallow dip in comparison to the illu
mination it- San Francisco harbor. II was
suggested that scow schooners towed by
tugboats be decorated with lighted Japa
nese lanterns and all other vessels be in
vited to illuminate in the same manner.
Commissioner Herold suggested that a
raft with several barrels of pitch be set
on fire and this, with colored lights, would
add to the beauty of the scene. This, he
said would. give the boys a better Idea
of the warmth of their reception than
anything else. The night parade will be
an* auxiliary to the main event and the
tugs Markham. Irwin and Caroline will be
pressed Into service. »
Admiral Spreckeis, in outlining his plans
for the naval parade, said that the trans
port Sherman would be met by two col
umns Of craft which would sail around
her. The maneuvering was intended to
be a pleasing effect. The larger boats
will be kept on the outside of the line.
James Jerome has expressed his inten
tion of putting the big steamers -"OgTeso
Washtenaw. Mackinaw and Leeianaw ai
the service of the committee, while Trans
port Superintendent Long will do lißewis.
with the St. Paul, Senator and Relief.
CONTRACTS AWARDED
FOR ILLUMINATION
Ten Thousand Lamps Will Light
Up the Line of March.
The citizens' decoration committee de
cided at yesterday's meeting to award
contracts to the- Pacific Incandescent
Lamp Company for the erection of 10,000
lamp*- for the Illumination of the city
on th.- occasion of the reception to the
California Volunteers.
The meeting was hold In the office of
the Union Trust Company, "W. J. Martin
(chairman), A. Schilling. I. W. Hellman
Jr W H. Mills ami Charles Hlrsch were
present, as was M. H. de Young of the
executive committee. The announcement
that a cablegram had been received from
Colonel Duboee made the committee re
alize that it must act quickly to put the
lamps in place. 'The bid and specifica
tions of the Pacific Incandescent Lamp
Company being by far the Lowest re
ceived and the one nearest conformity
with the committee's Ideas was read by
It provided for the illumination of the
City Hall dome with 3000 Incandescent
lamps of 16-candle power for $2000, a less
amount flown to 2000 to be put .in place
at the rate of 70 cents a lamp; 2000 lamps
for the Illumination of the ferry depot
tow,** for $1400. and 5000 lamps strung
across Market street from the ferry to
Larkin street, fifty feet apart, twenty
four lamps to a string. $2000.
It was finally decided by the committee
that desired to have every fifth string
raised above the others and festooned,
and it was informed this would cost $.00
additional. It was also found that the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
desired the committee to borrow 27.000
feet of copper wire for a main and would
charge it $fioo for labor for its erection.
Representatives of the Pacific Incandes
cent Lamp Company offered to substitute
their own plans, to answer all the pur
poses for not more than $200.
These figures seemed to meet the appro
bation of the committee and it was
moved that the entire contract be award
ed to that .company as follows:
3000 lamps. City Hall dome. $2000; 2000
am ferry building. $1400: 5000 lamps,
from the ferry up Market to City Hall
avenue to the City Hall, with festoons
as stated and ail necessary mains, $2100.
Total $5800.
This will leave the committee to pro
vide for the payment of the current, and
a committee was appointed to wait on the
various companies to induce them to fur
nish this current gratis."
GREAT PARADE WILL
BE HELD AT NIGHT
Native Sons and Daughters
Agree to the Plan.
The great parade arranged by. the Na
tive Sons and Daughters will take place
at night instead of in the afternoon, as
at first contemplated. This was decided
yesterday at the joint conference at
Mayor Phelan's private office between
representatives of the Native Sons and
Daughters and of the citizens' reception
committee.
In the absence of Mayor Phelan. M. H.
de Young acted as chairman. He called
upon L. F. Byington to address the con
ference for the Native Sons' and Daugh
ters' committee.
"Our committee originally decided: to
parade in the day time," Mr. Byington
said, "but after due ] consideration we
think that it should take place at night.
We will co-operate with the citizens'
committee to make the affair a success,
but would ask that the parade be held
on the night of the day after the troops
land." , , __,
A general discussion took place, partic
ipated in by Grand Marshal Pistoles!,
George Drvden, Mrs. Mary Tilimann,
John Lewis, A. Morgenstern and Harry
Fisher. Mrs. Tilimann stated that it was
the desire of the parents to have their
boys at home on the night of the day they
landed, and Mr. Dryden argued that peo
ple from the Interior should be given the
necessary time to reach this city.
"In view of the concession of the Na
tive Sons' and Daughters' commit In
changing their parade from a day to' a
night one," said W. J. Martin of the citi
zens' cdmmlttee, "I move that their re
quest to hold it on the day after the
troops land be granted." This was car- ,
ried unanimously.
On motion of Mr. Martin, the -.-bnimit
tee will request the Governor to declare
that day a legal holiday.
Colonel Sullivan then read the following
cablegram from Colonel Duboee; '_
YOKOHAMA, Aug. 9, 1899.
Citizens' Committee, San Fran
cisco:
Leaving; anticipate Farallones
noon 22d or 23d. DUBOCE.
This materially reduces the time for
preparations, though there Is some doubt
whether the Sherman will make the
passage in less than fifteen days.
At the request of A. Morgenstern the
935 to 947 Market Street.
ribbon remnants,
Direct from the factory not shopworn,
handled, or out of date, but new ribbons
less than full piece lengths at away below
full piece prices. 3000 yards satin, gros
grain and ail-silk taffeta, in all colors.
No. 5, 1 Inch -4c yard
No. 7, 1 ! 4 inch 5c yard
No. 9, IV. inch : Oc yard
No. 12, 2 inch !■«• yard
No. 16, 2H inch lOc yard
No. 22. 3 inch 12c yard
Drawstring Ribbon, No. 3 5c yard
Drawstring Ribborf, No. 7 7'_ c yard
Fancy Ribbon, 1 Inch wide. .7% and lOc
Fancy Ribbon, 3'_ inch wide.. .i_.">c yard
Fancy Ribbon. 4*4 Inch wide — 36c yard
lace curtains.
It was the manufacturer's loss— lucky
buy for us and you. Swiss novelties and
fishnets of late design.
Ecru and White Curtains, 3 yds 50c
Ecru and White Curtains, 3% yds..:.l>o«.
Ecru and White Curtains, V. yds. .Bl OO
Ecru and White Curtains, ::*_ yds..*)*! 25
Ecru and White Curtains, :'' • and •■ yds .
81 60
Ecru and White Curtains. 3'-> v. is
81 75 and *2 OO
Ecru and White Curtains. .■•■ yds
82 25 and 82 50
Ecru and White Curtains, 3\i_yds
: 8 - 75 and 83 OO
Pair Swiss Net Curtains in ecru and
white, '11,I 1 , yards long, in neat rococo de-
sign; very dainty for parlor purposes; a
pair 82 75. 84 and 85
Curtain Poles, 1% inches by 5 feet, In
Imitation oak, mahogany, walnut and eb-
ony; complete, with neat brass ends,
brackets,' rings and pins each 25c
two parade committees will . confer to
make all arrangements for the night pa
rade. The Native Sons have about $500
in their fund, and the Citizens' Commit
tee will allow whatever the conference
decides as necessary.
A, XX". Lawrence suggested that the
presentation of medals take place after
the night parade; but it is the sense of
the Native Sons' and Daughters' commit
tee that the next night be devoted to that
purpose. . _________________________-_-_-_-_-_-_-_.
CASUAL TROOPS BEING
RAPIDLY SENT AWAY
SOON THERE WILL BE LESS
THAN TWO THOUSAND LEFT.
Assignments of Officers and Men to
the Senator and City of Sydney. .
Army Changes.
At the rate the casuals are being
shipped out to the Philippines it will not i
be long before the camps at the Presidio
are practically deserted. The Morgan
City will sail to-day with 800, the Senator
will sail on the 14th Inst, with 650 and the
City of Sydney will sail on the 18th Inst,
with 450, besides 400 marines. When these
have gone it will leave only 1790 men in
camp, besides what will come in between
now and then.
Major H. H. Adams. Eighteenth In
fantry, will be in command of the detach- :
ment to go on the Senator. With him will
be First Lieutenant Henry Grubb. Sixth
Infantry, quartermaster and commissary; ;
Captain J. M. Sigsworth, Ninth Infantry.
First Lieutenant L. H. Kilburn, Third In
fantry; Second Lieutenant Maxwell
Keyes, Third Infantry; Second Lieuten- j
ant J. K. Parsons. Twentieth Infantry,
and Second Lieutenant J. B. Thomas, |
Seventeenth Infantry. __. __  I
On the City of Sydney Captain F. H. Al
bright. Twenty-flfth Infantry, will be in ;
command. First Lieutenant John H. j
Parker. Twenty-flfth Infantry, has been
detailed to the vessel as quartermaster
and commissary and Second Lieutenant
H. O. Ripley, Twenty-second Infantry,
will also be on board. When these officers
have gone it will leave but nine officers ,
with the recruits at the Presidio.
August 23 has been set as the time for
mustering out the Nebraska men, August
22 for the Pennsylvanians and August 16
for the Utah batteries. The work of the
mustering-out officers is progressing fa- ,
vorably and they are sure they will finish
in time. ____TnpP
Two applications for commissions in the
provisional army have been made from
among the officers of the Nebraska Regi
ment. Colonel Mtilford has been offered
a captain's commission, but he has not
accepted it.
Major Leopold O. Parker, Twenty-sec
ond Infantry, and Captain Isaac P. Ware,
assistant surgeon have been ordered be
fore a board to be examined for retire- ]
ment.
The following changes of officers in this
department are made in a recent order ,
from the War Department: ■
Army officers ordered to San Francisco
Captain James 11. Aldrich, Thirty-fifth ;
Infantry, for recruiting duty: Major Ju- i
nius L. Powell, from Fort Riley (Major .
Powell will be relieved by Captain Charles !
E. Woodruff, assistant surgeon, now at
Benicia barracks); Acting Assistant Sur
geon J. H. Mitnick, from Baltimore; Gil
bert L. Pray, from Webster City, Iowa; !
Major Philip F. Harvey, surgeon, from I
Fort Snelling tp the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, relieving Major Edward B. Mose- ■,
ley, who goes to Angel Island, relieving
Major Robert J. Giuson, surgeon, who
goes to Manila; Major Harry O. Perley,
surgeon, from Hot Springs, Ark., to as- '
sume command of the hospital ship Re- ;
lief, relieving Major Alfred E. Bradley, ;
surgeon. Acting Assistant Surgeon Cor
nelius D. Van Wagoner Is relieved from
further duty on the Belief and ordered to
New York City for annulment of contract.
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace F. Ran
dolph. Third Artillery, accompanied by i
William j_reichelt. a civilian employe,
and Private Cole, Battery <), Third Artil
lery, has been ordered to proceed to En- |
terprise. Or., for the purpose of purchas- t
ing cavalry horses. Colonel Randolph is
authorized to proceed with his party to
other points In Oregon, Washington and
California.
A similar party, consisting of First
Lieutenant William J. D. Home, com
missary, Ninth Cavalry; Veterinary
Surgeon Alex McDonald, Ninth Cavalry;
J. H. Moulton, a civilian employe, and
Private J. H. Osborn, Troop F. Sixth Cav
alry, has been ordered to proceed to Bat
tle Mountain and. other places in Nevada
on a similar errand.
Private George J. Seymour, Company B,
Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, i
and Private William H. Troop, Company
G. First Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, '■
have been discharged from the general
hospital at the Presidio under the recent |
order allowing the discharge of hospital
patients before the return of their regi- j
ments. jH'gJW'DH.gILWt
Acting Assistant Surgeon James Mit
chell-has been assigned to duty at the
general hospital at the Presidio while
awaking transportation to Manila. .
HOSPITAL NOT OPENED.
No Expense Fund Provided for the
Harbor Station.
The Harbor Receiving Hospital was not
reopened yesterday, notwithstanding the
statement of the Board of Health that it
would be. At the last minute the board
discovered that the Supervisors, in fix
ing the tax levy, had provided for sur
geons' salaries and drivers' pay, but had
made no provisions for medicines, feed
for horses or other incidental expenses.
The department will consult with the
Supervisors on the matter and try to ;
come to some agreement whereby the ;
matter may be straightened out. In the j
meantime the hospital will continue to i
operate through the agency of the Harbor
Commissioners. "r . j
Yesterday's Insolvents.
James Curran. brass worker. Sacramen
to, $1715 50, much of which'was for drugs
and medical attendance. No assets.
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT.
AUCTION SALE TO-DAY for
boxes and the choice seats at
the Orpheum at high noon.
-.-.. - .<-.., — »t_»..' . . . ; m
935 to 947 Market Street. i
new neckwear. f
Advance fall styles just in by express- \
! first shown yesterday, You'll be pleased
! to see them. §
Stock and Bow of Taffeta Silk, plaited 5
collar, edged with white satin 81 •*«> £
I Stock with Jabot of Taffeta Silk, in va-
.s styles and pleasing c010r5..... r
: ''c"ni-r'on"_stocic"and' Jabot, in 'variety of V
i colors 82 25 to 84 OO /
I Velvet Stock and Jabot combined, -with »
i white chiffon, edged with narrow chiffon t
, lace; a swell neckpiece --8-» •»" _**
A White Taffeta Silk Front, with tuck- f
' ed collar, pleated chiffon down the cen- V^
: ter. with narrow purple edging. handsome /
«^T> \}\f m
"'cape'colYar'ette'oaWhite Platted Chiffon.
edged with narrow black chenille cord.. 7"
• fl* . »>" .^
An opera creation— Cream White Pleated r
Chiffon ''ape Collarette, edged with narrow J
1 satin ribbon, with row of ribbon '" I **™ _*
domestics. J
Short ends of fancy woven plaids from a
gingham manufacturer; good value at the .
.regular price cf l_ 2 c, but we clean them
up at 7c yard V
Bleached canton flannel; 30 Inches wide*. £
' extra heavy; a regular 15c quality: to clean _»
up at lOc yard
cloak department.
36 cotton covert cloth skirts, in blue or X
. tan mixture] these are a good heavy wash £
i skirt that we will close out at. Bl OO each *
15 white pique novelty skirts, selling all £
; •summer at .4. but we'll close them out >
i at 82.25 f
3-Day Specials !
The reason for our successful specials
is our happy faculty of knowing; ex-
actly what people want and our ability
to sell at satisfactory prices.
SLICED PINEAPPLE, 2-lb tin..... 15e
Regular price 20c.
SHREDDED WHEAT BISCUITS...
t kgl2'=c
A health food for weak stomachs.
■ Regular price 15c.
WASHING POWDER, 10 pkgs 25c
Babbitt's '76— saves labor.
Regular price, 6 for 25c. "
MALT VINEGAR (Heinz's). bot. 20c
Absolutely pure. Gallon 75c
Regular price 25c and tl.
SALAD DRESSING, bot 25c
Mrs. Heerman's celebrated make.
Regular price 30c.
ROYAL MALT WHISKEY. 75c
3 bots $2. 00
For medicinal and family use.
Regular price $1 00. .
MAIL ORDERS SOL'CITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
21 STOCKTON ST., 1 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. j Corner Lombard.
Telethon. Main 5523. | Telephons West 151.
j
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
■***- ♦in payments to
$9* Aft I suit your P urse »
IT El il gives you this
■fIIUU handsome antique
U oak chiffonier. It
I is just such- pur-
♦ "♦" chases as this
that mean profit and complete satis-
I action.
THE J.~~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
f.bove Slxtl.-
Phone Sonth 14. . - Open Evenings.
TURKISH
Antique, RUGS
Select ItUUO
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RIG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST.,
Commencing .
THIS DAY, Thursday, Aug. 10,
at 2:30 P. M., for one week.
_Z7 Connoisseur-si and Home and Office Fur-
nishers are Invited to this Important Sale.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Good Tea
. SMELLS GOOD
TASTES GOOD
BY JOVE
'TIS GOOD.
j Great American Importinff Tea Co.
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STORES.
RUPTURE.
l-asSO^* _-cS» USI -* NO more iron
oBSß_g__&-S«*'g-g-3 Hoops or " Steel Spring*,
'-^"SHBt.SK: NO MORE IRON
hg^BBF Hoops or Steel Springs.
f_^-*s3t_9_tf&-r Rupture retained with eai.
M^e^]_X?_y<. and comfort, and thousands radl-
B fMJ* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
Ik /Ha Magnetic Elastic Truss. E-TCail at
office or writ* for New Pamphlet
No. L
MAONBTIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO„
620 Market St.. opP. Palace Hotel. San Jfrauclao*