VOLUME LXXXYI-^O 104.
FRENCH EXPLORERS IN AFRICA SLAIN BY
THE FIERCE TUAREGS.
.Mission .Headed by Foureau and Lami JVlak.es a Sallant Defense,
bu: Is Finally Annihilated by Ovepwh.elming
Odds.
Group of Tuaregs of the Air Country, Where the Mission Is Re
ported to Have Been Massacred.
TRIPOLI, Sept. 11.— A courier who has arrived here reports that the French mission, headed by
I Fr. Foureau and Major Lami, has been annihilated. He says the mission was attacked by an im
• mense body of Tuaregs, who, after suffering terrible loss, killed all the members of the mission
by force of arms.
On March 22 of this year a dispatch was transmitted from Algiers to Paris that a party
of Tuaregs had attacked a European expedition on its way to Air, in the Sahara, killing 100 men
and capturing a part of the caravan. It was said that the expedition attacked must have been
the Foureau-Lami expedition, but on March 23 official dispatches reached Paris from Biskara, 247
miles southeast of Algiers, that the Foureau-Lami expedition had arrived at Agadez months ear
lier, and that it could not therefore be the party killed by the Tuaregs.
The Poureau-Lrfunl mission started
from Algiers in tho summer of 1898,
with the intention of crossing the Sa
hara Deseri by way of Assime, Air and
z to the Lake Tchad country
which had shortly before, by agreement
with Germany and Great Britain, been
included within the French "sphere of
Influence."
The expedition was a large and lm
tg one, comprising over 250 Spa
his, tirailleurs, picked riflemen, several
1 undred caravan men and a very large
number of animals.
All the larger garrisons, Fort Mac-
Mahon, Fort Miribel and others of the
Algerine hinterland contributed their
LIEUTENANT PEARY
MUCH DISHEARTENED
Feels Keenly the Loss of His Toes
Occasioned by Freezing in the
Far North.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.-A Herald
Fnecial from St. Jam. Newfoundland.
«vb- The Windward's people say that
lieutenant Peary feels keenly the acci-
T^tn his feet, and is much broken In
L.7V owing thereto. Though he plans
'inhrn advance for next season on a
: mJ-what changed basis, they do not be
that he will ever be able to carry 1
ut bCrause of the frosting of hl3 feet
and consequent amputation of toes. His
withdrawal to Etah they attribute to an
UipreaSng dependency upon Esquimaux,
whM^h'?wil endeavor to have replace
him in much of the work. His Increasing
ye^s will also tell upon him for Arctic
Th«»" Ice was of exceptional thickness
during last season. Kane Basin never
oi»en"d and no ship could make latitude
sT The winter's Inaction proved very
trying for the steamer's crew, none of
whom, save Robert Bartlett the mate,
will venture north again. He will re
place his uncle. Captain John Bartlett. as
a^ter when the Windward goes north
year, the Latter bavin* determined
; xV rw.'rißnsTn the Fram who foregath
ered with Peary's hunting party. ln May
are very much depressed over their mis
fortune, especially the death of their sur
£eon\ Svenson. though the Fram did so
well on h.r last cruise, she has failed to
Realize expectation* in this Ice in Green
and seas is much more difficult to navl
caie than in the open Polar ocean north
If Fran* Josef Land. In the former huge
1 ergs add to the dangers of navigation,
and the Fram's peculiar build proved no
nJlvantage to her in coping with them.
The Norwegian* are disappointed most
over their failure to outdo Peary. added
?o whVh i« the very meager results of
their year's scientific work. They had not
Iven the satisfaction of working north
to "he -onlines of the hitherto explored
Melons as Peary had. and their title,
ilmc and stores have been expended on
wSrk wh ich is really but the subject for a
summer cruise. Owing to her Inability to
HtUt • north this season, it is believed
Fi l Tram will abandon her proposed ex
, . ',;itii 11 m next spring.
FIERCE FEUD
OUT IN KENTUCKY
,M,fiN, Ky., Sept. IL— The opening of
W ar 'tween the Griffin and Philpot
Tlons in '"lav County began last night.
The house? of Widow Chadwell. relict of
Evan Chadwell. brother of Deputy . Sher
iff Dave Chardwell. the leader of the Grif
fin faction, \ was fired into from all sides.
She escape* by throwing herself on the
floor. Air the cattle, hogs and dogs wer£
The San Francisco Call.
quota of troops to the mission, which
made its rendezvous at Timassinin
near the northern limits of the Taureg-
Adzju country, about 550 miles south
of Constantine. Algiers, and about 400
southwest of Tripoli.
Agadez, the point from which the ex
pedition would strike off to the south
east for Lake Tchad, lies in the coun
try of the Southeren Tauregs, about 200
miles south of Air, about 14u0 south of
Constantine, and 1200 southwest of
Tripoli. These Tuaregs have seen but
little of Europeans, and, while they
have been disposed by the propitiating
influences of gifts and tolls exacted to
receive and allow passage to merchant
caravans, th^y have been averse to
Advance of the Foureau-Lami Expedition, or Mission, Leaving
Fort MacMahon, in the Algerine Hinterland, for Timassinin,
the Place of Rendezvous.
killed and a notice was posted on her t
door Riving her twenty-four hours to |
leave or be killed, it was don,- by a body
of horsemen whom th<- Griffins say were
the Philpots. The jail here, which has
two Griffins in it. is heavily guarded by
men with Winchesters.
A rumor is also rurrent hero that a bai- >
tie was fought yesterday in Clay County,
resulting in the killing of four men and
the wounding of seven. The rumor lo
cates the battk- on Red Bird <Yeek,
eighteen miles from Manchester. There
have been several killings there of late
and the battle may have been either be
tween the Murkums and Roberts or the ;
Sizemores and Asners, which four fac
tions are at war with each other.
WILLIAMSON. W. Va., Sept 11.—Sher
iff Henderson of Logan County ami a
of fifteen to-day went to the Hat-
Held fort in the mountains thirty miles
from here and without bloodshed captured
"Devil Anse" Hatt'nld. his son Holt and,
John Dingees, relative of tno Hatflelds by
marriage. The prisoners will be taken to i
Pike County and tried on charges of mur- ;
der growing out of the Hatfleld-McCoy
feud "Captain" Hatfleld, the only prom
inent member of the faction now at lib
erty is being hunted with a posse.
SHIP MAY BE SAVED.
KOBE. Janan. Sept. 11.— The captain of
the United States transport Morgan City,
which was wrecked September 1 by strik
ing a reef eight miles from Onouchi, says
there are good prospects of saving the
vessel and that divers have been engaged
for the purpose of trying to float her.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
I havinp at .any price a military caravan
pass through their country.
The Tuareps are a main branch of
the Berber family and the dominant
I race throughout thp whole region be
; tween Algiers on the north and Tim-
bucto and Lake Tchad on the south
j west and southeast. Those of the Tini
-1 buctoo and Middle Niger country gave
i the French good evidence of their ca
pacity as fighters before General
Ghourko finally effected their subjuga
i tion. Among the Tuareg tribes of the
Sahara are a number of confederations,
which, while they are hostile to each
other, unite and make common cause
against any military force coming from
the outside, and their aggregate num-
I bers make them very formidable foes.
ELIHU ROOT MAY RUN
FOR VICE PRESIDENT
I Statements to the Effect That He Is
the Administration Candi
date for the Place.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Washington says:
There are whisperings in political circles
thai Klihu Hoot. Secretary of War, is
: lTkfely' to be the, administration candidate
I for the Republican nomination for Vice
President.
President McKinley has favored the re
i nomination of his running mate, but Mr.
11., hurt's health will probably prevent him
i from again accepting office.
LABRADOR FISHERMEN
MAY SUFFER PRIVATIONS
HALIFAX, N. S., Sept. 11.— Fishermen
who have returned from the codfishing
grounds on the Labrador coast report a
Beriotu condition of affairs. The cod fish
ery has been almost an absolute failure
and all vessels are returning with small
catches. As the fisheries are the chief sup
port of the people, it is feared their fail
ure will be followed by starvation in
many parts of Labrador, unless assist
ance is forthcoming.
JUDGES NOW
ASK MERCY
FOR DREYFUS
Members of the Rennes Court-
Martial Have Signed a
Recommendation.
TO PREVENT FURTHER
DEGRADATION.
Anarchist Rioters Start Disturbances
in Paris, and the Firebrand
May Spread Rapidly.
Special EMsjmch to The Call.
RENNES, Sept. 11.— The judges of
the Dreyfus court-martial to
day by mutual agreement ex
pressed to the President of the
republic, through General Lucas,
the commander of the army corps at
Rennes, their sincere desire that Drey
fus would not be submitted to a fresh
degradation.
The court-martial signed a formal
recommendation for mercy this after
noon. Its object is to eliminate the
degradation feature of the punishment.
The recommendation will be handed to
General Lucas for President Loubet.
When M. Labori's secretary Informed
Dreyfus of this action he was greatly ;
affected and said: "I still have hopes."
PARIS, Sept. 11.— A serious fire broke
out this evening in the Rue Barbey,
which was recently Invaded by an
archist rioters. A large warehouse
filled with upholsters' materials has al
ready been destroyed. When the po-lice
attempted to-clear the streets they were
hooted by roughs and several firemen
were severely Injured.
Later in the evening an attempt was
made by a band of men shouting "Vive
l'anarchie!" to break into St. Jo
seph's Church. The sacristan, armed
with a gun, appeared in the doorway
of the church and threatened to blow
the brains out of the first man who en-
I tered. The crowd then retired.
Shortly afterward a force of police
appeared and cleared the streets. Dur
ing the struggle a revolver was fired
at the officer in command, but no one
was injured.
ItOara, Sept li— Cotfknei PanlazardY,
referring to-day to the verdict at I
Rennes, said: "I felt horror, but not
surprise."
Spontaneous demonstrations in favor
of Dreyfus have occurred in many i
parts of Italy. In Florence a crowd j
shouting "Down with the Jesuits!"
threatened the French Consulate. The
police interfered and a fight ensued, in
which many persons were hurt. Twen
ty arrests were made.
BRUSSELS, Sept. 11.— A violent So
cialist meeting, at which 4000 were
present, was held to-night to protest
against {he sentence of Dreyfus. Many
i speakers expressed horror at the ludg-
I ment, which was denounced as the
greatest crime of the century, and con
tempt for the five judges. They swore
that no French soldier or officer should
henceforth appear in Belgium without
being greeted with shouts of "Vive
Dreyfus!" "Vive la Justice!" and also
that M. Dumont and M. Rochefort
should never cross the Belgian frontier
again without being put to ilipht by a
storm of public contempt.
SPREAD OF FEVER.
KEY WEST. Fla.. Sept. 11.— The total
number of yellow fever cas 's up to date
Is W9; reported in the past twenty-four
hours, 12. The physicians have failed to
make a report to-night.
No deaths have occurred in the past
twenty-four hours. Nine cases are beinp
treated at the yellow fever hospital and
the remainder are in private families.
NO TRACE OF ANDREE
COULD BE OBTAINED
GOTHENBURG, Sweden, Sept. 11.— The
steamer Antarctic, which left Helsing
berg. Sweden, on May 25 last with an
expedition under Professor A. C. Nat
horst, was spoken off The Skaw, the
northern extremity of Jutland, Denmark,
to-day on her return from her search
along the northwest coast of Greenland
for Prefessor Andree. She reported that
she had found no trace of the missing
aeronaut.
Circuit Court in Session.
SEATTLE, Sept. 11.— The September
session of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals was commenced to-day.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Morrow werf
on the bench. Sixteen cases will be heard
here. The court opens next Monday
morning in Portland.
Viscount Clifden Dead.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— Leopold George
Frederick Agar-Ellis, Viscount Clifden,
died to-day In his seventy-flrst year.
AGITATION TO ABANDON PARTICIPATION IN
THE PARIS EXPLOSION.
Injustice of tfee Verdict in tfee Dpeyfu§ Case Will Cause Public
and Private Attempts to Retaliate IDpon
Fpanee,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— It is
believed that when Congress
assembles there will be con
siderable agitation of a prop- I
osition for this Government
to abandon its participation in the
Paris Exposition. It is known that ex- J
pressions hostile to the exposition i
quoted from Senator Stewart are very •
widely sympathized in, and it is
thought that if the conviction of Drey- ;
fus is permitted to stand there will be
very little friendly feeling for France ,
among members of either the House or i
Senate.
Such a move, however, would be a i
grave one. It is pointed out that to !
withdraw from participation in the ex- !
position would be regarded as an offl- '
cial insult to France. No further legis
lation on the part of Congress is needed
to carry out the plans of this country
for the exposition. About $1,200,000 has
been appropriated for the expenses of ,
the commission and the Government !
exhibit. The commission has been ap- j
pointed and the space desired for the
exhibit from this country has been se- j
cured.
There are now only two ways in which i
Congress could interfere. One would j
be to revoke such part of the appro- j
priation as has not been already ex- i
pended in the xpenses of the commis
sion and the other would be to pass a
resolution declaring that on account of j
the unsettled conditions the valuable
Government exhibits should not be sent j
to Paris. To do either of these things '
would be sufficient, it is believed, to j
break off all friendly relations between
the two countries. Congress and the !
State Department may look at the mat- \
ter from different points of view. The j
President and the State Department, j
having the responsibility for maintain
ing our relations with foreign govern- |
ments, cannot be expected to find in |
this affair a reason for involving the j
country in an international complica
tion, and it is likely that the executive
branch of the Government will use
what influence it can to prevent hasty
action.
Unless Congress expressly forbids it |
this Government will proceed with the j
preparations for the exhibition and will
send to Paris such Government ex- ;
hibits as are decided upon, but this will
be done with a realization of the proba
bility that much of the space secured
with such difficulty for private Ameri
! can exhibits will be left vacant. Little
doubt is felt that the latitude allowed
the private citizen will be quite ex
| tensively availed of to withdraw from
' participation in the exposition.
Another difficulty in the way of an
i effort to prevent participation in the
i exposition, however, will be found in
j the fact that before Congress has been
assembled much of the Government ex
hibit probably will be packed and on
its way to Paris, if not actually there.
! The exposition opens in April and the
work of transporting and preparing the
exhibit will have to begin some months
I before that time. Up to this time, it
! is said, the preparation of the Govern
| ment exhibit has not been begun, but
the work will proceed as soon as the
i Government officials are ready.
WAR FEELING YET RUNS
HIGH IN THE TRANSVAAL
PAPE TOWN, Sept. 11.— Four trains
containing refugees from Jo
i hannesburg have arrived here.
\ / Four hundred refugees have also
arrived at Durban. During the i
past week the relief committee of Jo- j
hannesburg assisted 2000 cases of dis
tress reported throughout the Trans
vaal.
PRETORIA, Sept. 11.— Excitement
prevails here pending the decision of
the Cabinet. Secretary of State Petizo
has left this city for Johannesburg and
Cape Town. The likelihood of war is
much discussed. The coming of British
troops is not regarded as meaning cer
tain war, but merely as making up for
the paucity of troops in South Africa,
much commented upon during the past
month.
The burghers of this place are of
fering the Government gifts of meai.
The town has a deserted appearance.
The British diplomatic agent, Conyng
ham Greene, has made a representation
to the Transvaal Government regarding j
the recent arrest of Mr. Pakeman, edi
tor of the Transvaal Leader, and the
Government is sending a reply.
President Kruger has issued a notice
warning burghers who intend to go
shooting beyond the River Limpoo,
which forms for many miles the north
west and north limit of the Transvaal,
that they will be severely punished un
less they first obtain permission from
the local authorities.
The tension remains high pending
the receipt of Mr. Chamberlain's dis-_
patch. It is asserted on excellent au
thority that the Transvaal Govern
ment with a view of keeping the min
ing industry, has decided to protect it
in every way. As a first step the Gov
ernment has notified the Rand com
panies that their men will receive pro
tection as long as they remain peaceful,
and should war unfortunately occur the
men will be given a reasonable time to
leave the country if they desire. It is
officially announced that the article in
the gold law about the confiscation of
claims and mines belonging to people
convicted of treason or conspiracy
against the State, which was last year
eliminated will be re-enforced. The
article also gives the Government power
to order that the mines be worked, and
provides that if this instruction is dis
regarded the Government may work
them through its own agents.
lommander General Joubert denies
that the War Department is ordering
heavy ordnance and rifles. He de
clares that he is anxious for the preser
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 11.—As
semblyman N. P. Conrey of this
city to-day stated that there is
a quiet movement on foot among
the Jews of this city to influence
legislators, provided an extra
session is held, to ask the Gov
ernor to request the Legislature
to repeal the act of the last Leg
islature appropriating $130,000 for
the Paris Exposition.
Representative Hepburn of lowa said
that he had ceased to marvel at the
methods of French army justice after
observing how the trial of Dreyfus was
conducted. No such trial or verdict
was possible in the United States. He
did not think it would in any way af
fect diplomatic relations between this
country and France, nOr did he think
it would interfere with United States
exhibitors at the coming exposition.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Congressman
J. M. Levy announced to-day that as
soon as Congress meets he will intro
duce resolutions in the House with
drawing the support of this Govern
ment from the Paris Exposition on ac
count of the Dreyfus case.
NEWCASTXiE-ON-TYNE, Sept. 11.—
W. D. Stevens, a shipowner and royal
commissioner to the Paris Exhibition,
has declared that as a result of the
Dreyfus verdict he will not put his
foot on French soil. He adds that
thousands of his countrymen will take
the same attitude. Several important
firms have already declined to exhibit
at Paris.
BERLIN, Sept. 11.— The private agi
tation against the exposition is begin
ning to find vigorous expression. The
VossischeZeitungsays this evening that
,a number of the largest German firms
have pledged themselves to withdraw.
The Berliner Tageblatt says the Ber
lin Council at its next session will con
sider a special motion to withdraw the
Berlin municipal exhibit.
On the other hand the correspondent
of the Associated Press learns on the
highest authority that the German
! Government considers the Dreyfus case
now, under all the conditions, done with
j and does not intend to relinquish official
representation at the exposition. The
official responsible for this assurance
Mklfl that it should be borne in mind
I that despite the Dreyfus case the offl
! cial relations between the two govern
! ments have steadily improved during
recent years.
LONGLEY PROPOSES
WORLD WIDE BOYCOTT
HALIFAX, N. S., Sept. 11.— J. W.
Longley, Attorney General of Nova
Scotia, will issue a letter to-morrow in
j which he vigorously denounces the sec- |
ond condemnation of Dreyfus, and j
urges the nations of the world to join
in a general boycott of the Paris Ex
position. He says:
The fabric upon which social existence
rests is justice. Every i><K>r human being
that is called upon to tread this earth lor
a longer or shorter period is each mo
ment at the merry of the stronger power
of hi 3 fellow beings, and his only capa- |
SIR ALFRED MILNER, England's Chief Diplomatic
Representative in South Africa.
vation of peace.
JOHANNESBURG, Sept. 11.— The of
ficials of the Netherlands Railway
Company have been notified to hold
themselves in readiness to guard the
line in the event of war. The Italians
in the Transvaal have decided to re
main neutral should hostilities arise.
The Transvaal Hollanders here held a
meeting to-day and adopted resolutions
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
city to enjoy life and avail himself of Its
opportunities rest* on the conviction that
he shall receive justice at the hands of
those with whom his destiny is limited.
It is not surprising, therefore, that the
world should stand aghast at the spectacle
of a human being condemned absolutely
without evidence after a public trial in
the face of the whole world; condemned,
indeed, in the face of the fact that the
evidence pointed almost conclusively to
his innocence. At all events, it estab
lished beyond question that \\i& form* r
conviction was the result of forgery,
falsehood and conspiracy. The public
opinion of the world has a right to mako
Itself heard and felt in this and every
matter which outrages the sense of jus
tice. It seems to me that the means are
at hand to make France instantly and
keenly sensible to the moral consequences
of this prostitution of justice. A great
world's fair Is to be held at Paris in th«»
year 1900. All the nations of the world
nave been Invited to participate in this
Rteat exposition, and most of thf great
nations of the world have engaged to bo
there. Great Britain, the United States
jiivi Canada among the number. My
proposition is that, in view of this Infa
mous moral turpitude of the French peo
ple, sanctioned by the Government and
upheld by the mob. the other nations of
the world should one by one refuse to
participate in this great centennial show.
They could very well allege that they
weie afraid tn trust their representatives
in .a country where an innocent man can
he- condemned without a shadow of evi
dence and without any manly protest
from the nations at lnrsre.
ZOLA DECLARES THE
TRUTH WILL APPEAR
PARIS, Sept. 12.— The Aurore pub
lishes this morning a long letter from
Emile Zola, the novelist, which Is a
pendant to his famous "J'Accuse" let
ter in the early stages of the revision
movement. It concludes as follows:
The Ministry which it.s agents have be
trayed, the Ministry which had the weak
ness to leave big children with muddled
minds to play with matches and knives,
the Ministry which has forgotten that to
govern is to foresee— has only to hasten
to act if it does not wish to abandon to
the good pleasure of Germany the fifth
apt of the drama, the denouncement be
fore which every Frenchman should
tremble.
It is for the Government to play this
fifth act as soon as possible in order to
prevent its coming to us from abroad.
The Government can procure the docu
ments. Diplomacy has settled greater
difficulties than this. Whenever it ven
tures to ask for the documents enumer
ated in the bordereau they will be given,
and that will be the new fact which will
necessitate a second revision before the
Court of Cassation, which would be this
time. I hope, fully informed and would
quasi) the verdict sano r< nvoi in the
plentltude of its sovereign majesty.
But If the Government w. re to recoil
the defenders of justice and truth will
da what is iif* • -I'nry , and r.ot one of us
will desert his post. Proof, invincible
proof , we shall finally end by obtaining.
On November '-'■', we shall be at Versailles.
My trial will recommence, inasmuch as
it is to recommence in all its fullness. If
meanwhile justice i-s not done we will
again help to do it. My beloved, my
valiant Labor! , whose honor has but in
creased, will therefore pronounce at Ver
sailles the address as he was unable to
pronounce it at Rennes, and it is very
simple. Nothing will be lost.
As for me, 1 shall not be silent. He will
merely have to utter the truth without
fear of injuring me. for I am ready to
pay for it with my liberty and my blood.
Before the Seine Assize Court I swore
to the innocence of Dreyfus. I swear to
it before the entire world, which now
proclaims it with me. and I repeat, truth
is on the march. Nothing will stop it.
At Rennes it has just made * giant's
stride.
I no longer have any fear except that
I may see it arrive in a thunderclap of
the avenging nemesis, devastating the
fatherland, unless we hasten ourselves to
make It shine forth under our clear sun
of France.
of sympathy with the Transvaal Gov
ernment, pledging their support.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— The activity in
the Admiralty and War Office con
tiues to-day. It is s»id that orders
have been sent to America for light
iron girders and bridging sections for
probable use in South Africa. Trans
ports are moving to the docks, prepara
tory to embarking troops.2
WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY
TO BE USED
Result of the Great Yacht Race
Will Quickly Be Made
Known Thereby.
CALL -HERALD SERVICE
These Journals Have Secured the
Exclusive Privilege of the Mar
coni System for the Event. ,■■' '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. With their
accustom enterprise, the New "York
Herald and San Francisco Call, ever
quick to make use of the latest devel
opments of (nee, have made arrange
ments by. which the progress of th"
races. between the Columbia and Sham
rock win be reported by utilizing 4 the
Marconi system of wireless telegraphy.
Recent experiments in Europe have
demonstrated that it is quite possible
to accurately and rapidly communi
cate between distant points. The first
experiments attracting world-wide at
tention were conducted in the spring
of the present year, when messages,
sent from Folkstone, in the south of
England, were received at Boulogne, on
the ' French coast. The experiments
were eminently successful, and imme
diately the Herald and Call, foreseeing
the great advantage to be obtained by
use of this system during the yacht
races, entered into negotiations with
the Wireless Telegraph Company of
London, which controls Signor Mar
coni's patent. As a result the Herald
and Call have secured exclusive rights
of the Marconi system for the yacht
races.
Signor Marconi, with four trained
assistants, sail from Liverpool to-day
on • the Cunard steamer Urania with
all necessary Instruments for use in
reporting the races. The work will be
done under the personal supervision of
Marconi himself, and his assistants are
the same who have been engaged in the
mission of wireleesa dispatches
across the British Channel during the
last six months.
Tin- transmitting instruments will be
placed upon the large ocean-going
Plant line steamer Grand Duchess, up
on the upper "de^R of which a tali pole
extending sixty feet in the air above
the water line will be placed. Signor
Marconi and two of bis assistants will
be on this vessel and a running account
of .he race will be telegraphed. On
bo;.~ d the cable ship anchored near
Sco.i.ind Light a similar pole will be
er&ctfed and here two expert operators
will be si.aioned to receive the message
after it has Sown through the air from
the twift-moving Grand Duchess.
From the cable .-hip a message will be
Hashed by means of submarine and
land wires direct to the Herald office,
thence to The Call.
Some idea of the great possibilities
of the Murconi system was obtained
during the recent British naval ma
neuvers wiien messages were received
and transmitted between scouting
cruisers and the flagship over a dis
tance of more 1 ban forty miles. This
was even more remarkable in its way
than the sending of messages between
New Haven and Dieppe, a distance of
almost eighty miles, as in the Brat place
both receiver and transmitters were on
swift moving ships at the time com
munication was established. •
FIGHTING JOE WOULD
NOT BE SIDETRACKED
Obtained an Assignment, to Active
Duty Only After Dispute With
General Otis.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— A World cable
from Hongkong says: Advices which
were sent here to avoid Otis' censorship
at Manila, bearing date of September 7,
say;
"General Joseph "Wheeler only obtained
nh assignment to active duty after .' seri
ous dispute with General Otis, who want
ed to .sidetrack, the veteran tight* i by
Binding him to some obscure post in the
southern islands.
"General Wheeler now declares he will
apply lor rmlssion to return to the
United States soon unless there is some
change in the management of affairs in
the Philippines. .
"An association of natives Ftyllnt? itself
"]':>• Filipino Liberation Society' has ap
plied tor permission to organize in Ma
nila with General Otis as the president;
The general haa declined to pledge him
.self in the matter, but thought It might
be possible to forward the operations of
the association.
"According to private letters received
■within the American lines several of the
rebel colonels and two of AguinaldCs
brigadiers Intend to allow themselves to
be eajjlurod when the United States
troops attack Karlac because they aro
tired of retreating. The World corre
spondent has the names of these discon
tented Filipino officers, but to publish
them Would betray them to the vengeance
of tinaldo."
DISAPPEARANCE OF A
SIXTEEN-YEAR-OLD GIRL
Miss Rhoda E. Howell Is Missing
From Her Home at Lander,
Placer County.
NEW ENGLAND MILLS, Bept 11.-
M'.ss Rhoda E. Ho well, the 16-year-old
daughter of John G. Howell, has been
missing from her home at Lander Placer
Ding.
When lasi seei she wore a pink and blue
shirt waist, gray linen sk I • with
green, n-ck ribbon, green bell brown
checked canvas bat and tan shors. No
reason can be Imagined by the household
r>r the disappearanc) and no 'lev. as to
the child's fate or whereabouts has been
found.
FIGHT A LIVELY DRAW.
Harry Forbes Owing to His Dexterity
Stands Off Lenny.
NBW FORK. Sept. 11. -Harry Forbes of
Chicago and ESddh Lenny of Philadelphia,
feather-weights. starred a twenty-five
round draw a 1 the Coney (stand Athletic
to-night. Lenny had th< advantage
ich and Night, but then advai I
were offset by the dexterous work with
both bands displayed by Forbes. The lat
in- put his left to the face and right to
the body frequently, punishing his an
tagonist severely each time he landed.
Lenny sent a tew rights to ;hc wind.
Forbes forced *h<- pace and delivered live
blows to Lenny's one during the first ten
ii i] ds. The blows landed by Lenny
fu-enK-d to have more behind them than
delivered b> Forbes, but they d!<l
• m to. have much effect,
Nd one found fault with the decision of
•!:• referee.
Louden Campbell of Plttsburg knocked
■ny Burns of Cohoes, N. V., in the
twentieth round of the opening bout.
Crushed Under a Wagon.
/IRA LI A. S. i»t. U. -While bringing a
loan of fruit to Vlsalia yesterday Henry
1 Reams, a lad 19 years old, fell forward
off the wagon. The wheels passed over
his body, crushing him so badly that he
died within a few minutes.
RICH LEDGE OF QUARTZ
FOUND NEAR REDDING
William Wilson Locates What Promises to
Be One of the Most Valuable Mines
in the State,
REDDING, Sept. 11.— A veritable bonanza in the shape of a .-rich goia
be&rtDg ledge has been discovered by a mnn named Wilson. The find is
located about twenty-five miles east of this city, about half-way be
tween the Afterthought and Bully Hill mines. The stories of the rich
nes§ of the ledge seems almost fabulous, but are vouched for by reputa
ble citizens who visited the strike.
The ledg- is clearly outlined for fifteen feet and is three feet thick.
Thr- ore.te literally hanging together with stringers and iibbons of free
gold, some of which are as large as an ordinary s^sed human finger.
Wilson's method of working the ledge is t.. pick off a little of the ore.
then to htnrmteT ft out in a hand mortar. With that primitive and plow
method of working he secured a pint tlneupful <>f the precioafl yellow
metal as the result of on." -lav's unassisted labor.
Dan McCarthy, proprietor Of a Keswick hotel, was nn^ of those who
have seen the veritable mint. He became excited at sight <*f the Im
mense ledere streaked with tha dull yellow metal for whleh men work,
fight and die, and offered the owner $*ofti> for his mine on the spot. Wil
son declined the offer, saying he had that much in sißht, and he has.
The find characterizes the usual luck attending tenderfoot miners.
as Wilson had no previous experience in either prospecting or mining.
He first discovered a pocket, from which h<= took out several hundred dol
lar*. He followed the lead and in a distance of twenty feet has un
covered the ledge. If it holds out for even a few feet in its present
dimensions and richness Wilson has one of the greatest mines ever dis
covered in Northern California.
COWBOYS SHOOT
DOWN OFFICERS
They Seek to Liberate a
Prisoner.
ARRESTED FOR SMUGGLING
»
MAY CAUSE INTERNATIONAL
COMPLICATIONS.
♦
Mexican Guards Have a Hot Fight
With Cattlemen Who Make Their
Escape to the American
Side.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BISBEE. Ariz., Sept. Saturday
afternoon a shooting affray occurred at
N.i. ... nine "miles from here, and as a
result serious international complications
may arise.
James Herron. a cattle man and a resi
dent of La Morita, Sonora, was arrested
by Mexican guards for smuggling horses,
and was being taken to Nogales for trial.
While at Naco a cowboy named Bob
Clayton, an employe of the Erie Cattle
Company, asked permission to go with
Herron to Nogales. The guards assented,
but told Ciayton he would have to disarm
himself and was given thirty minutes to
do so.
In the meantime Clayton had taken
several drinks, and when the guards
asked him to surrender his arms, he re
fused, and drawing his revolver he be
gan to shoot, at the same time backing
towards the American side of the line.
The guards, seven in number, returned
the tire, and two other cowboys, one
named Franco and the other an unknown
man. cam< to Clayton's rescue, Clayton
escaped to this side of the line, not, how
ever, until he had received a bullet from
a ©-Winchester through his stomach,
from the effects of which he died here
last night.
Captain Molina of the guards was
wounded twice, one ball passing through
his right thigh and another through his
arm. Franco was arrested by the guards
and is now in jail at Naco, while tue
other cowboy escaped and is now on
American soil.
Shortly after the shooting three guards
who had started to Nogales with Herron
were overtaken near San Pedro Custom
house by four American cowboys, who
opened lire on them, killing one guard
and wounding another. The third guard
escaped- unhurt. The cowboys then re
turned to this side of the line, being
pursued by other guards. Herron refused
to return with the cowboys and continued
to Nogales, where he surrendered him
self.
He chose to face the charge of smug
gling rather than risk being taken by of
ficers here, who hold a warrant for him,
he having escaped from the Oklahoma
penitentiary after being sentenced for
twenty-five years for murder. Late Sat
urday night another cowboy named Lee
Ramsey, who conducts a saloon on the
Mexican side of the line, was arrested by
the authorities, charged with being im
plicated in the affair, and is now in jail
at Naco with Franco.
The cowboys, since the fight, have been
gathering horses and their friends and
are heavily arming themselves, prepara
tory, it is said, to an attsrnpt to rescue
Ramsey and Franco. There are now in
this city and at points near hero and
Naco over fifty of them armed with Win
chesters and six-shooters. The Mexican
guards .ii Naco have been re-enforced by
the addition of a body of twenty-five cor
dtidos under Lieutenant Colonel Koster
litzky and they now have an armed force
of nearly a hundred men guarding the
line and the jail In which the Americans
are confined. Should the attempt at res
cue be made a most serious battle will
result, as both parties are worked up to
fever heat over the killings.
The cowboys who attacked the guards
in Sonora are well known in this city and
are here to-night, not having been placed
under arrest. Their movements are be
ing watched and they will not be allowed
to leave the country. Mexican Consul
Bavito is arranging matters at once to
have the authorities here arrest and hold
them until the proper papers can be ar
ranged for.
METHODISTS FAVOR THE
FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT
California Conference Will Require
One More Day to Complete Its
Work.
PACTFIC OROVE, Sept. 11. — It was sup
posed until late this afternoon that the
i forty-seventh California annual confer
i ence would adjourn to-day, hut press of
; business proved too great and the con
i ference will not adjourn until to-morrow.
The day was largely occupied with com
mittee reports, but three matters of lm
ice wi re presented. The ilrst related
to the proposed fourteenth amendment to
i tin State constitution exempting churches
; from taxation. 'Dr. F. D. Bovard was ap
pointed field secretarjt to represent the
rnla conference in carrying on a
campaign fot 1 the passage of this amend
ment.
The special committee of inquiry into
I the case of W. D. Crabb reported that ex- I
tenuating circumstances warranted the
recommendation of the passing of his |
character by the conference and the re
j port was adopted.
Dr. K. S. ("hapinan, State superintend-.
ent of the AntirSaloon League, addressed
the conference on his work and in the I
course of his remarks caused quite a sin- i
Hat ion by declaring that President McKin- i
I ley violates his oatli of office in refusing to :
I exercise Ms authority as commander-in
chief to abolish the army canteen.
The Following Epworth League State |
officers were ejected at the evening S€S- I
Bion: Rev. M. H. Alexander, president; i
I T. R. Hutehinson, L. L. Dennett, George
D. Kellogg, H. D. Smith, vice presidents;
Dr. F. D. Bovard, secretary and treasurer.
Western League Closes.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— To-day's games j
j closed the Western League season for '
1890. Indianapolis securing the pennant I
with 75 games won and 47 lost, a percent
age or .el 4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
SOLDIERS MAKE
STRONG CHARGES
Say the* Troopships Are
Overcrowded.
Pr<"c!a! c«h!r> to The ("all and Now York Her
alu. Copyrighted, ISB9, by James Gordon
Hennett.
HONGKONG, Pept. n.— The United
i States transport Tartar has arrived here
from Manila carrying soldiers to San
Francisco to be discharged. The men j
complain bitterly of their treatment i
aboard the ship. They allege gross over- j
crowding, there being more than 1200 |
S"ld;.»rs on board, when, they assert,
there are accommodations for only 750.
They complain also of the ship's lilthy :
condition In consequence of overcrowding.
It is asserted by the men thut the food
is insufficient In quantity and lacks va- '
. riety. The heat is excessive and men pre
i fer to lie in unfrequented roadways rather
than on the transport.
The > onduct of the American soldiers
1 ashore has been excellent, winning high
est praise. Soldiers are fraternizing
i freely and officers are being privately en
; tertained.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.— No informa
, tion has been received at the War Depart
ment respecting the charges of ill treat
ment and crowding made by returning
. soldiers on the transport Tartar, now at
Hongkong. Lieutenant Charles Bird,
who has charge of transportation under
dirt ction oi Quartermaster General Lud
i ington, said the Tartar had hitherto taken
out practically the same number of men
she now has on board, and complaint of
lovercrowding had never been received. ,
■ On her last trip from San Francisco to
Manila the Tartar carried forty-five offi
> cers and 115*3 enlisted men. General Otis
loaded the ship with forty-five officers
and 1208 men belonging to the Kansas reg
iment and general service, all of whom
are returning to San Francisco for dis
charge.
When the steamer was bought the de
partment was advised that she could com
fortably accommodate more than ISM men
and the officials say they have always
: been careful to be well within this figure.
; If food is lacking in quantity or quality
department officials say the commissary
on board is responsible and he will be
called to account when the vessel reaches
San Francisco, providing the allegations
1 are substantiated.
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS
IN THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— A cablegram
from General Otis to the War Department
announces the death' of Captain ''harles
I, Collins, Company L, Twenty-third In
fantry. He died at Cebu on the 7th inst.
of appendicitis. General Otis also cables
the following deaths:
chronic dysentery, September 2. Henry
Buehon Company 11, Ninth Infantry;
William Creelman, Company B. First
Tennessee, acute dysentery; First Ser
geant Joseph Hogan, Company M, Fourth
Infantry, gunshot wound, a/ccidental; Au
gust 24. Daniel Edwards. Company E,
Eighteenth Infantry; September 6, Thos.
Gulnan. Company X, Twelfth Infantry;
Sergeant Edward H. Remano, Company
1. Fourth Cavalry, typhoiu fever; July 10,
Henry Dppendahl, Company IC, Hrst
South Dakota; September 6, John Healy,
Company X, Third Artillery, drowned arm
of Manila Bay; August 29, Raymond I>.
Louth, Company M. Sixth Artillery.
diarrhoea: September 3, Owen Dunn, Com
pany E, Fourth Infantry; September 6,
James Hogan. Company F, Twenty-first
Infantry, peritonitis; John M. McCall.
Company B. Twenty-second Infantry, pul
monary phthisis: Michael McGratb, Com
pany M. Twelfth Infantry, pneumonia;
Richard Jobin, Company F. Twenty-first
Infantry, gastritis; Henry Noble, Com
pany G. Fifty-first lowa, cirrhosis of
fiver; September 8, William H. Kennedy,
Company G. Ninth Infantry, fever; Sep
tember 9, Joshua W. Johnson, Hospital
Corps.
TRANSPORT SENATOR
ARRIVES AT MANILA
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— The following
cablegram was received at the War De
partment this morning:
'MANILA. Sept. 11.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Transport Senator arrived
this morning. One casualty. William B.
Godthwaite, died at sea, on Ist. Body em
balmed, brought here. OTIS."
The Senator carried ten officers and 660
recruits.
MAYOR OF IMUS
HAS DISAPPEARED
MANILA, Sept. 11.— The Mayor of Imus
has disappeared, and it is supposed he has
joined the rebels on the promise of receiv
ing a generalship. He was a colonel In the
insurrection of 1887.
AUSTRALIAN CABINET
OFFICERS RESIGN
Action Taken Because of a Vote De
claring Lack of Confidence
Passed by Assembly.
SYDNEY. N. S. W.. Sept. 11.— Rt. Hon.
George Houston Reid, the Premier, Treas
urer and Minister of Railways, and the
other members of the Cabinet resigned
to-day in consequence of the Assembly,
which on September 7. by a vote of 45 to
41, passed a resolution declaring a lack
of confidence in the Ministry.
The resignation of the. Ministers was
accepted and Mr. Lyne, the leader of the
opposition, was summoned to form a new
Cabinet.
«
Talking for Venezula.
PARTS, Sept. 11.— General B. F. Tracey
continued to-day his argument In behalf
of Venezuela before the Anglo-Venezuelan
boundary arbitration commission, claim
ing the Spanish title to Guiana was es
tablished before the arrival of the Dutch.
He then proceeded to deal with the rules
of law which he considered applicable to
the case.
WHEN DEWEY
REACHES NEW
YORK CITY
Splendid Will Be the Re
ception That He Is Ac
corded by the People.
OF NATIONAL IMPORT
All Glasses From All Ovor the Coun
try Will Unite to Do Honor
to the Admiral.
■ ! DtKpntcti (■■> The '•.ill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON 'HOTEL, WASHINGTON,
Sept. 11. — "Now York. 2Sth. Dewey."
-This* dispatch was received this morn
ing from Admiral Dewey, Bled just be
fore his departure from Gibraltar yes
terday. As- interpreted by the de
partment officials, it means that the
Olympia will not reach New York un
til September 28, and that the eighteen
days the vessel will be at sea will be
utilized in making a slow voyage. As
the Herald stated this morning, it is
the presumption of the department that
the admiral will .follow the great circle
route, stopping at the Azores.
Washington is making treat prepara
tions lor the Itfwey cciebrailon to be
held here upon the admiral's arrival. A
number of Governors of States have in
dicated their purpose to participate in
the ceremonies, the /atest being (iov
ernor Woloott of Massachusetts. The
suggestion has been advanced, and may
be adopted, that the <J<>vern<rrs of vari-
OUs States and their staffs and any
State troops that may accompany them
be invited to act as an escort to Ad
miral Dewey to and from the Capitol on
Octo-ber 3, when lie will be presented
with the nation's sword.
In making preparations for the pre
sentation of the sword and parade the
committee has been very much assisted
by President McKinley, Secretary Long,
by prominent Senators and Represen
tatives and ranking officers of the army
and navy, all of whom are exceedingly
anxious that this national demonstra
tion shall in every respect represent
the people and be known and considered
as the expression of their voice and
wishes.
It is to this end that all who are
engaged in making the necessary ar
rangementa are working and when the
demonstration takes place it will be
found that people of every grade and
class will be represented. Particularly
true will this be of tin- parade, which
will be composed of United States
troops and naval forces, the National
Guard of the District of Columbia, mil
itary bodies from many States, Gover
nors and their stuffs, organized socie
ties in the district and colleges.
The city will be gorgeously illuminat
ed on the night of October 2 and Penn
sylvania avenue will be a blaze of fire
works. The parade will be reviewed by
Admiral Dewev and President McKin
ley. The day following will be a great
holiday for Washington and it is be
lieved every house in it will have a
display of flags and bunting.
NEW YORK. Sept 11. -General Roe.
who has charge of the land parade of
the Dewey celebration ceremonies, said
to-day that at least 30,000 uniformed
men will tak< j part in the parade. Gen
eral Roe has received word from Col
onel James E. Barnett that the Tenth
Pennsylvania Regiment, which has
just rt-turn^d from the Philippines, will
parade. The division of the G. A. R.
will include twenty representatives
from each of the fifty-six G. A. R.
posts in the city. General O. O. How
ard is expected to command the vete
rans, and General Roger A. Pryor will
command the division of Confederate
Veterans of Greater New York.
GIBRALTAR, Sept. 11.— Before sail
ing from here, yesterday afternoon for
New York, Admiral Dewey and the of
ficers of the United States cruiser
Olyrnpia presented £30 to Peppiatt. the
gunner of the British ship Devastation,
who, while the warship was firing the
salute in honor of the arrival of the
American admiral September 4, had his
hand shattered by the explosion of a
charge which he was rammine home.
Peppiatt's arm has been amputated.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Land Decisions, Army Orders and
Ppnsions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— The Commis
sioner nf t!i. Land Office has rendered a
decision in the case of Ingre vs. Kahny
Consolidated Mine, Involving land In
Redding land district, the decision being
modified, allowing Joseph A. Kahny time
In which u> file a duly corroborated' re
port of the examination of .the placer
claimed by the Deputy Mineral Surveyor.
In the case of John A. Welsh vs. the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, in
volving lan.l In the same district, a de
cision was rendered affirming the local
office decision that the land was non
mineral in '-haracter and therefore could
be embraced in the railroad's Indemnity
selection.
< alifornians In Washington— G. W. Col
lins of Sai; Francisco and G. A. Loore of
Redwood <ity are at the Ebbitt House;
T. M. Sea; Its* of San Francisco is at the
St. James.
Army orders— By direction of the Secre
tary of War First Lieutenant O. E. Hunt,
Eighteenth Infantry, will close the tem
porary recruiting station at Los Angeles
under such instructions as he may re
ceive from the commanding general of
California, and will then proceed to San
Francisco. Recruit Albert Kreft, casual
detachment, Presidio, San Francisco, is
transferred to the hospital corps as a
private. The following-named enlisted
men will be discharged from the service
of the Inited States by their respective
commanding officers: Private Fred B.
Obin. Company E. Twenty-sixth Infantry
Volunteers; Privates Wilnam H. Green,
Eldon Evert, Frank Olinger and Dellbert
11. Potnce, Thirty-first Infantry Volun
teers. San Francisco.
Privates William J. Hill, Company E,
and James H. Sullivan, Company G,
Twenty-sixth Infantry Volunteers. San
Francisco, will be discharged without
honor from the service of the United
States. Private Thomas Bradley, Com
pany H. Twenty-seventh Infantry;
Private Alexander H. Blair, Thirtieth
Infantry: Recruits Otto Phelps and Earl
Smith, Thirty-first Infantry; Recruit
Howard Neff. Twenty-seventh Infantry,
and Recruit Donald A. Beaton, general
service, Presidio. San Francisco, having
enlisted under false pretenses, will be
discharged without honor from the serv
ice of the United States.
Pensions: California: Original— William
Delaney, Enterprise. Additional— John P.
Shepherd. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$9 to $R. Restoration and Increase-
Maurice Kraszyiukl, San Francisco, $S to
$17. Increased— Adam L. Saum, Los An
geles. $12 to $14. Original widow and
minors of John Young, Oakland, $14.
Mexican War widow— Dulcena Hollings
worth, Woodland, $8.
Sneak Thieves at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 11.— On Friday
morning last, while many of the guests of
the Golden Eagle Hotel were at break
fast, a sneak thief ransacked several of
the rooms, securing considerable valuable
booty. Among those missing
was Mrs. Thorpe, wife of the well known
Jockey, who had a valuable diamond
horseshoe pin which cost $650 taken, as
well as $40 In coin.
COLLECTOR MAKES TO
DEADLY THREATS
Vain Endeavor to Strangle News
paper Publicity Regarding a
Peculiar Legal TraQsactior).
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 11.— M. F. Coughran, a local bill collector, who 4
earned considerable notoriety by withdrawing from the bonds of Henry .
Young, the alleged fire fiend of Tiburon, a day before the latter fled £
the country, was threatened with arrest to-day on the charge of con- jj
splracy by Attorney Charles Smythe of San Francisco. A similar threat i
was registered against Justice George Rodden, also of Young-fire-case i
fame, who already has troubles of his own in standing off Secretary Case J
of the Marin County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. .
Coughran was given a bill of $79 05 to collect from Mrs. Helen M. <
Ournleau of Manzanita by the Harris Construction Company. A con- •
stable went to the house with a writ of attachment and Mrs. Martin Es- \
pinosa. the lessee, became so frightened that she borrowed the money >
from neighbors. The constable turned over the money to Coughran, j
but concluded he had made an error and asked that the money be given *
to Rodden. Instead of giving back the money Coughran gave the con- S
stable a check, which was placed in Rodden's hands. Coughran then <
had the case dismissed and the check was torn in pieces without judg- \
mt-nt being rendered.
Attorney Smythe came to town to-day and demanded the money '<
from Rodden and was told to see Coughran. He refused, saying that the i
affair was clearly illegal, that Mrs. Espinosa had been made a victim c!
of legal jugglery and that he intended to have all the parties to it ar- £
rested on a charge of conspiracy. Justice Rodden turned pale and .'
tremblingly replied that he was innocent of any wrong intention. C
Coughran declared to two responsible citizens this evening that he jjjj
would perforate with bullets any newspaper correspondent who dared to £
publish anything about the affair. One of the correspondents named by <
him said that he intends to have Coughran arrested for threats against r
life, §j
GRANGERS' DAY AT
THE STATE FAIR
Remarkable Success of
the First Week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— There was a
very bir.ee attendance at the Pavilion to
night and the prospects are exceedingly
bright for large attendances, both day and
| night, from now on until the close of the
i fair. The opening of the second we«k of
' the fair possesses every indication that it
; will be as successful as the first week.
The special features at the Pavilion to
j night were performances by members of
i the Sacramento Athletic Club ami a fire
dance ami a Cakewalk by juveniles. The
I fire fiance was performed \<y Miss Pear]
i Hickman. wbo gave the La Lole Fuller
fire dance and the California poppy
dance. In these acts she danced over a
glass plate in the center of tne stage be-
I neath which was a powerful colored light.
Thf- Grangers will have their day to
-1 morrow ami in the evening there will be
apple pearing and nail driving contests.
Wednesday will in- Caledonians' day and
, Thursday will be Governor's and Sacra
mento day combined. Word has been re
ceived that Major General Shafter and
Admiral Kautz and twenty or thirty other
j army and navy < fflcers, together with Ma
' j'jr Gem ral Dickinson and a number of
i other National Guard officers, will be here
I on that day.
Friday will be Foresters of America
day. Foresters from Woodland, Auburn.
Oak Park, Elk Grove. Walnut Grove and
I other places will be here. The Foresters
! promise to make a line showing in their
I night parade.
The awards of medals and special prizes
i will probably be made on Wednesday, and
! for this purpose the appointing of the va
rious committees was begun to-day, but
they have not yet been completed. Many
I of the exhibits which contained perish
able goods were rearranged yesterday,
and when the Pavilion opened to-day
those exhibits presented a fresh and
pleasing appearance.
SIMON CHRISTENSON
PROBABLY MURDERED
Body Lay in an Unnatural Position
and Money and Valuables Were
Missing.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 11.— Evidence is
accumulating that Simon Christonson,
whose mutilated body was found on the
Southern Pacific's tracks Saturday night,
was murdered and the body placed on
the rails by unknown parties to hide the
crime. When the engineer saw the body
the head was on one rail and the feet on
the opposite one, the entire person being
stretched Into an unnatural attitude.
The pockets of the clothing were turned
inside out and the money and valuables
were, missing.
Christenson was a teamster in the em
ploy of C. Leonhardt of Santa Barbara,
who came to lajs Angeles at regular in
tervals to visit a Miss Hanson. De
ceased stopped at the Miller House as a
rule. He was a member of the Odd Fel
lows, and his lodge has telegraphed to
have the body properly buried.
FUNERAL OF FRED BRUNNER.
Fully Three Thousand People Follow
the Corpse to the Grave.
ANGELS CAMP. Sept. 11.— Fred Brun
ner, a pioneer cattleman and butcher of
this county, was laid to rest from the
residence of John B. Meyers to-day. At
least 3000 pepple were in the procession,
and the funeral was the most elaborate
ever seen here.
At one time Brunner was the wealthiest
man in the county. The present value
of the estate it Is feared will depend on
the outcome of the sale of the Brunner
mine, which is bonded for $35,000. All the
3000 or 4000 acres of land he owned are
covered by mortgages.
FAIR AT EUREKA.
Unusually Good Mechanical and
Agricultural Display.
EUREKA, Sept. 11.— The exposition of
the Ninth District Agricultural and Me
chanical Fair Association opened to
night. The attractions and displays are
much better than in former years. Me
chanical displays and electrical effects
are among the principal features. Ar
rangements have been completed by the
directors to handle the largest crowd
that ever attended a fair here. Racing
commences at the track Wednesday.
The last process
through which
Wielands
Extra Pale
beer passes from the
brew to the bottle is
termed Pasteurizing
: -v.. ■..;.;- , . . &
— the result is abso-
lute freedom from im-
purities, and a beer
that is as much a food
as a beverage.
Your grocer or telephone W«it 144.
■. California Bottling Ca '
. 1407-17 Eddy fi£
REBEL VICTORIES
IN VENEZUELA
Strength of the Govern
ment Is Waning.
Special EHspatch to The Call.
PONCE, Porto Rico, Sept. 11.— The
steamer Philadelphia. Captain Chambers,
from Venezuelan .ports, brings news of
the spread of the revolution and the wan
ing strength of the Government. The in
surgent leader, General Citrano^ Castro,
has 10.000 men under his command. Ac
cording to the same authority, a strict
censorship of cable dispatches has been
established. Mail matter is freely opened
and a close watch is kept on outgoing pas
sengers. President Andrade has purchased
a Spanish gunboat with an equipment of
; eight guns for $135,000.
Sixty-six prominent politicians, among
them Senor Hernandez and the editor of
El Preganaro, were arrested on August
14, and more than 500 have been taken into
custody since.
A fierce battle was fought on August 23
near Barquisimeto. when the insurgents
captured -ZOOO Government troops and se
cured a large quantity of ammunition.
Senor Rodriguez. Minister of the In
terior, who resigned on September 6 was
arrested the following day.
BUCKLEY NOT IN
THE SAN MATEO DEAL
Says He Was Never Consulted Re
garding the Proposed Incor
poration of Colma.
LIVERMORK, Sept. 11.— Christopher
A. Buckley made the following statement
to a Call representative in Livermore to
day regarding the Colma incorporation
and coursing park mat tors:
"I was much astonished to hear my
name connected with the San Matcu mat
ter. The first intimation that I had of
the incorporation of the town of Colma
was from the columns of The Call. I wh?
never consulted concerning the matter and
know nothing whatever about it. In re
lation to the coursing park at that place,
I am not in any way interested in the
project nor in any other proposition in
San Mateo County.
"My name has from time to time been
connected with propositions of this kind
in Sausalito and other places. with which
I have had nothing whatever to do. I
have always labored under the impression
that The Call is in favor of fair play and
never have known it to knowingly' take
undue advantage of any person, and 1
| feel sure that if the paper will thoroughly
investigate this matter it will be found
that I have nothing to do either directly
or indirectly with this scheme either in
San Mateo or elsewhere."
FOREST FIRES RAGING
NEAR MARSEILLES
At Least Ten Miles of Wood in
Flames, and Many Chateaux
Have Been Destroyed.
MARSEIT,T,ES. Sept. 11.-Extensive fires
are raging in the woods near Marseilles
and Toulon, at least ten miles of forest
being in flames. A number of chateaux
have been destroyed and others are
threatened.
SMS fe^HV^^^" ;^^^^^-^^t^^ ■Pll It ' s tne man who as m|
■Bhl ' ~ / ' \ "*-••' • , ' "; ' EpBI been paying 12. 50 or $15 Bfijj
I|«[: '&'''-' : " ; - • • -^jß©W^ •'■'. : -v..';'; O-/-. W' : :f"4 f° r n ' s tailor-made clothes K^li
: .'. ;^' ; ' : -' :^' : i^^^^^^"''-:''^^' 4 -^ ft--1 hat we want *° i nterest Wp^i
Wnm)&'s^:}:imß^ Ts'MitV:. HH particularly in our fio I
IIH -•"••■•'.-••'- ■***. -iMf jTr^% <**&'»*'.'' ■ •'" : B-^ suits. * .... w&JssSa
Wfm \ ■'...';•'■ 'V '^-J I v -""V*''"' |H- e wan * to dress him'
W£ma '■'■•■■'■'■ ''■a\x- *^^ --X?;V'' !>- ; Hhl as we " as ne ever did, but |?^;|
HH n^i^j^^iHt '•'•■' " ' ' ; '- : ''- ; ' ! ' ; m^-'t at a less expense. P^ff
ml w^Sfu f l\^^olf^^" :: - ■'•''■ ■'■•^^^3 Through our progressive
I||H V I r^^> ' Nii. '■'••■•■■■■ I^l tailoring department, with WMa
m|\ I 111 Nw>«(P ilii^- ;^' Hil our careful buying and i^j
j^^ll I yaf I Iliu ••■ > ' J; > f^BI labor-saving system of cut- tjHi
■■ f II 1 l^^j ting and making, we knock. k»
ffi^l 1 it * ■■""■•' I^| about 20 to 30 per cent off l|ija
fgmji (jj III;- ■'•.•; HH the usual prices asked for pi
Hjjjßjl j j j j ! 11' , -HH '■ tailor-made clothes. '^ P^^l
HHi III"-'' BP Every suit we make Is gSSHI ;
fe&llll T BW, ■'•.' §l^y guaranteed for the cus- H
; ! i»U- r r "'•'» Tomer's protection: : «
I^JS lW I llWr '^" % Woney returned if you g
B^B^WM "Ty*T" ' S kSTiI I**-*"' ' - ■"* -' ■ ■ ■** ■* " g^^pCT
M w jSHilif •'; I S want !t : or
Bl" wn^m'W-W^ Suit kept in repdir '
*f% mil ilßf-v'N free for one year.
Bl (iWyM'l^lll-^'^ff^ Send for samples of our
MAY COMBINE
AGAINST THE
UNITED STATES
Possible Action of Various
Republics of Central and
South America.
OFFICIALS ALARMED
Feeling of Distrust Existing: on the
Part of the Latin-Americans
Has Been Strengthened.
Special Dispatch to Thp Call.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.— The rumor of
possible combinations among the States
of Central and South America directed
against the United States are received
with some concern by the officials here.
Nearly a year ago ?!iis .-jiirit of distrust
on the part of the Latin-American people
was first exhibited in the semi-official dis
cussion by the press of the United States
of Colombia of a proposition to combine
the nations of South and Central America,
In that case the ostensible purpose waa
to resist unjust demands for indemnities
by foreign states. But incidentally during 1
the discussion it appeared that th.> scope
of the combination would be broader than
this, and there was more than one inti
mation of a deep-seated distrust of the
United States.
Two or three events have occurred since
that discussion to strengthen this feeling.
First there was a decision averse I
lombia in the Cerrutl case, and as Presi
dent Cleveland was the arbitrator that
unpopular decision was charged against
the United Statts. Then last spring came
the cruise of the United States gunboat
Wilmington up the Amazon and the Ori
noco. These voyages were undertaken
from the most innocent scientific and com
mercial motives. Commander Todd of the
Wilmington found that there were nc
charts of these vast rivers and conse
quently was obliged to take soundings as
he proceeded. Incidentally he was en
abled to make rough running charts of
the river that may be of value to com
merce hereafter. His actions were, haw
ever, misinterpreted by some of the na
tives, though in the end Captain Todd
is believed to have perfectly satisfied the
Brazilian officials as to the rectitude of
his purpose. It is said at the department
that there is not the slightest foundation
for the story that secret agents of either
the State or the Navy department have
been sent into South America, and it is
quite certain that there have nev. ■:
any negotiations with Bolivia respecting
the acquisition by the United States of
lands in the interior of South America.
\s for the visit to that continent of Wil
liam E. Curtis Chief Clerk Michael of the
I State Department is authority for the
statement that Mr. Curtis' visit is abso
lutely without official authority or direc
tion. ___—«—— -
DIMENSIONS OF THE
SHAMROCK MADE KNOWN
London Times Publishes an Article
Eulogistic of Captain Nat
Herreshoff.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— The Times pub
lishes this morning a three-column de
scription of the dimensions and construc
tion of the Shamrock. The article eulo
gizes Mr. Herreshoff as a "comMnati
yachtsman, naval architect, engineer and
practical and scientific man." which is
needed nowadays, the writer says, fbr tba
highest exponent of the art of yacht de
signing.
The following dimensions of the Amer
ica's cup challenger are given as "abso
lutely turatworthy":
Length IL'7 feel 8 inches, breadth 24 feet
C% Inches, loadwater line S9 feet 2 inches,
length of overhang forward 17 feet 2
inches, length of overhang aft 21 feet 5
inches.
DATE SET FOR TRIAL
TRIP OF THE KEARSARGE
Navy Department Acquiesces in the
Builders' Request That It Take
Place September 25.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.— Acting Sec
retary Allen has approved the request of
the Newport News Company that the
battleship Kearsarge undergo her official
trial on September 25.
The department has designated a course
thirty-three miles long off Cape Ann,
Massachusetts, for the speed trial, during
which the Kearsarge must make an aver
age speed of sixteen knots per hour foe
four hours. If accepted the working on
the ship will be rapidly completed in
order that she may be placed in commis
sion next month.
The battleship Alabama will probably. '
not be placed in commission before tha
new year.
France Regrets Eustis' Death.
PARIS. S*>pt. 11.— The Republique Fran
caise says that the news of the death of
James B. Eustls, former United States
Emhassador here, will be received in
France with sentiments of the deepest
reKret. as by his affability and knowledge
of French affairs he had acquired the uni
versal sympathy of the natl<">p.NO TRACE OF
TRAIN ROBBERS
Posses Searching tne
Hills for Them.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
LOS ANGELES. Sept 11.— The west
bound Southern Pacific express which
•was held up and robbed near Cochlse,
Arizona, on Saturday night, hfs arrived
In this city. The express car looked as
though it had been struck by a cyclone.
All the windows and doors are smashed
and the roof has several "loles blown
through it. The floor is strewn with
broken timbers and fragments of iron
and the safe is utterly demolished.
Mall Clerk C. J. Adair, vho Is also the
baggageman, says: "On the night of Sep
tember 9. at 11 o'clock, we were just ready
to pull out of Cocblse, vhen the door of
the car was thrust open and a man with
a dirty colored mask covered me with
his rifle and yelled "Throw up your hands.'
Instead of owing up my hands I
Jump.-.: back in the car. He commanded
me to come out. md I did. The nest
thing I km I whs standing on the plat
form in line with the station agent, mail
clerk, fireman and engineer. They made
us all hold up .ur hands', and while one
of the robbrrs .--earched us the others cov
ered us with t.ieir guns. They were very
jolly and cracked jokes all the time.
"They then told the mail clerk to un
couple the express car. but he claimed
that he did not know how, and they made
the fireman do it. As soon a? it was done
they marched us on board and ordered the
engineer to ike the express and mail
<ars ii. \vn the road about a mile and a
half, kfter they told the engineer to stop
they commanded us to sit down. They
produced some dynamite and took plenty
of time for their worjfa
"It was fully ten minutes before the
first explosion occurred. Shortly after
ward there was another. We could not
F"e what they were doing very well on ac
count of th»- darkness. After they got
through plundering the car they told us
that we had better not go away for fifteen
minutes and they started co walk bark
toward Cochise ::bout seventy-five yards
from the track. Just as they left some
<ne fired five shots. These were the only
shots that were Bred during the holdup.
S. H. Butier. local agent for a ■ is-
Fargo, will not s give the exact value of
the booty tak^n by the robbers. !I- said
it amounted to only a nominal sum.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Sept. IL— Oeorge Scar
borough, the well-known ranger, who has
bt-en very successful In the Southwest in
running down outlaws, is on the trail of
the bandits who held up the Southern
Pacific express on Saturday night a! Co
t hise. '■'■ arrived at Cochise yesterday
and soon found the trail of the robbers,
lie is accompanied by his son. Constable
Alvord of Willcox and Deputy Stykcs are
also on the trail and another posse has
been organized by Sheriff Scott Whit of
Cochise County and Is in pursuit.
A special dispatch from Willcox says
that the bandits came from the Sulphur
Springs Valley and rode through 'Wiflcox
the evening of the holdup. The engineer
of the train that was held up saw two of
tho robbers, and from his description they
aro believed to belong to the Folsom gang.
One of the men described is an outlaw
mimed McOlnnls who is well known in
Southern Arizona.
The bandits crossed the alkali fiats and
went toward the Chiricahua Mountains.
The officers in pursuit are confident that
they have the right trail. Colonel Kos
terlitsky, the gendarme of Sonora, ha.«
been notified of the progress of the rob
bers toward Mexico and he will probably
take the trail with a squad of Mexican
cavalrymen.
BUSH NEGROES
IN BLOODY WAR
Savage Conflicts in
Guiana.
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. Sept. s.— The
"bush negroes" of Surinam. Dutch Gui- ■
ana. have just been calling attention to
themselves, in a rather sensational exhi
bition of savagery, according to a news
paper published at Nlckerle, in that
colony. These people are to-day what
the Maroons of Jamaica were a century
or more ago. with this difference that
they are the descendants of fugitive
slaves who have completely relapsed into
*a vapory, making <;n*»jaba and other ter
ritories occupied by them counterparts
of Equatorial Africa.
The Dutch Government long ago con
cluded to let them alone. The trouble that
has just brought them into prominence
prow out of a fishing: dispute. Some
neighbors of the Goejaba community poi
poned the fish in a creek that appears to
have been common to both parties. The
<ioejabans thereupon went on the war
path but apparently got the worst of it,
fnr their village was burned and they lost
s-lx warriors killed and many wounded.
It is not improbable that later advices
will ■ring further details of a general
scrimmage in that district:
The incident is important as furnishing
the Dutch authorities a pretext to Inter
vene and bring the natives under subjec
tion to the laws of the colony, whose
pea^e thf-y occasionally menace. As an
ethnological study, illustrating the possi
bilities of the negro when left almost en
tirely to himself, these "bush negroes'*
have perhaps not had the attention they
deserve.
DAIRYMEN IN SESSION.
Tuberculosis in Cattle the Chief Topic
of Discussion.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 11.— The sixth an
meeting of the State Dairy Associa
was opened In the Senate Chamber
this morning, about a score of dairymen
being ' ►wing to the small attend
ance the morning was devoted to a gen
cr.il discussion. In which outsiders as well
as members took part
Tlip principal topic discussed was the
r tuberculosis in dairy stock in
rnin and what should he done to
eradicate it. A man from Vermont made
tetnent that he was in California for
laughter's health, as she had taken
motion through drinking diseased
milk Others acknowledged the great
dence of tuberculosis in dairy stock,
while others refused to acknowledge it
and d«elared that even if it were true, it
should not be discussed, on account of the
bad effect it would have on the industry.
Tt was through the efforts of R. D. Steph-
Sacramento that the discussion was
precipitated. _
AJaskan Legislation.
SBATTI.K. Wash., Sept. 11.— United
Ptates Senator Shoup of Idaho, chairman
- nate Committee on Territories,
•vill leave to-morrow for Alaska to study
the need* of that Territory in the way of
non.
O— O 99099099 O • C 0 O «
•Electricity for Weak Men.
I i
..... - T**r« ft BotMnr Kk« ELECTKICITT to t
it v W /\/ i /'\.i t \ VL/jL •! J ' P ut "^ e> T ' m tad rigor Into weait men or..*'
I \ \ '/ ll i^!M!&*l\'k.Ali/s women. Drugs five but taraporory relief; |j
£} \> ht # V V jin^ini MtBJTTfr //■ V * ct *>*'>•'■? « a stimulant but Electricity ft
1 * | n {imtSSr\\\ jirViM%^HP^l^i^i *°** to aII weak parts of the body In- •
«jj[( > VBfAV^' US 'W^Kw^^fivfeST •tantaneoualy. Imparting nature's force I
9 A*si\vh^'*'V^r>wiak7^fflSBl thereto and dolnc the required -work sure- £
/v&:\ \.vV J!cti*&r4£^sy* » C?. TK * mW ly and In a p«r:nauent manner. If "run 1
A rr^jD AvmkiV.Tl\.X l lVn^C^r.iL^ESk down" in health and strength you had A
KkIS^I ><V^ /^ 7 7 7 \ ♦ fyVUeBB better try electricity. Uee an Electric . W
WSSZLI'\ T>±iWif/j/' Belt, for tbla la the beat method of ap- •. I
0 I BfciT^-*^ *r» t. U'TOI.MUir plrlns It. but be sure you (ret a grooJ on«
I m itfM^ii^TTli l'ill«r^ while you art about It: In ihort. try "Dr. w
A IKi'I^BT TOiTHviiUlßrr- ri»rce'»." for It la ffuarante^l to b« th« I
9 VPKyLrf^UlHmßSiy^ffvZ?^ be B>«ctrjo Belt on earth. O
s\ >*' r7r**&LVrT?fjWßßcgSsf»BKvyK tT"Book!et No. I," fre« at o£flc« or 1
o K/t'wv^r^^KS? i £/H^?O ••«* *>y mall for -* Io •«»»«>.■»•«• »" 1
' i^ >^'l>i^-aiN^^^*^rr r V about ft. Adirwi; >I V . .y
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 4
• > \ -^^vfV- 630 MARKET STREET, 1
Maa« Hot»l, s«n Frmatao*. f P
CELEBRATION CLOSES
IN A BLAZE OF GLORY
Carnival on the San Lorenzo a Fitting Close to
the Grand Celebration of the Native
Sons and Daughters.
Scene at the Santa Cruz Water Carnival.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 11.— The cele
bration closed to-night with the
carnival on the lake. A heavy
fog rolled in early in the evening,
but the glare of myriads of in
-1 candescent iights and the blaze of fire
works dispelled every vestige of it. F^r
! I the three hours following S o'clock the
: '< improvised lake was wrapped in a fiery
] canopy. Thousands of people wit'
the fete and every p int of vantage was
occupied.
As a spectacle this year's carnival
exceeded those of ivm and 1896. There
was lacking, of course, the thous
who were in attendance at those events,
but from a standpoint of iloats and
fireworks and tinkling cymbals the
record established four years ago was
cracked beyond recognition 7 . It wa
an event of tinkling cymbals, however,
but of sounding brass and booming
mortars from the time Queen May and
her suite went aboard the royal barge
to the time they came off and the last
j light was extinguished. The lagunita
itself was a dream of fairy land and
I a marvel of art and any one of a half
j dozen other good old similes that the
pioneers made use of before th>> birth
of the first native son was heralded, i
The picturesque San Lorenzo was
stopped in its course by a dam that
took hundreds of dollars out of the
pockets of the citizens of Santa Cruz.
It broke once or twice this year, bul
was in good working order to-night and
the hundred and odd gayly decorated
boats that gave color to th» scene had
all the water they needed to sail in.
Nearly every prominent citizen of the
city had a float or a boat on the lake.
San Francisco was represented in the
pageant by Sequoia Parlor of ;he Na
tive Sons and the Modern and Inde
-1 pendent Order of Lobsters. The deco
rations of the Lobster tiny were, to
say the least, unique. The association
had a number of San Francisco Eagles
as its guests and the craft and the
whole menage were in command of
Grand Exalted Ah^o Thomas Eckert.
EICHLMATE CAPTURED
Was Ringleader of the Gang of Fish
Dynamiters.
CLOVERDAL.E, Sept 11.-E. Eirhlmatf,
the last of a gang of Italian fish dyna
miters with whom Fish Commiw
VogelsanK and Deputy Sheriff W. J. Orr
had an excit»np experience a yeai
was captured to-day by Constabla Wil
son. Thf prisoner has kept in hiding
most of the time sinci.- his comrades were
captured a year ago. H«» will be taken
to Ukiah to-morrow. The blastinp wns
done in the Russian River n< ir Echo,
Mendocino County. Eichlmate is sup
posed to have been the ringle.odor. The
other three were found guiity :tnd served
six months each in the jail at Ukiah.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
It was just 8:30 o'clock when Hast
ings' Band struck up the National
anthem and a royal salute was given by
a battery of mortars across the river
from the tribunes. It was a signal to
the populace that Queen May was about
to board the float of honor, attended
by her maids, and the populace stood on
its Beats or in tiptoe to see the open
ing event.
By an ingenious arrangement the
royal barge was lighted with electric
lights. They were concealed in the
canopy over the royal head and the
footstool under the royal feet; they
were stuck in below the water line and
abc-ve it and concealed among the
great pots of tropical plants. Under
the canopy sat the queen in the person
of .Miss May Baldwin. She was at
tended by Miss Stella Finkeldey. Miss
Adele Bennett. Miss Alice Culvenrell
and Miss Annie Linscott as maids of
honor. As the barge sailed down the
river the band played "God Save the
i." while hundreds of rockets
were sent up.
The line of march was taken up In
the direction of the beach. It extended
to the dam and back to a point oppo
site the northern end of the tribunes
One by one the bigger barges fell into
line in oTder of their size and In shorter
time than it takes to tell it every barge
boat and canoe on the lagoon had got
ten into the parade and was busy un
corking colored fires and Roman
candles. The battery of fireworks <-n
the other side of the lake turned loose
and for two hours there was no need for
electric lights or lanterns or anything
else. Bursting bombs and rockets split
through the fog blanket and showered
stars over everything. A good sec
tion of the audience had come well pro
vided with fireworks of its own and a
bombardment was begun between the
b..ats and shore. Everybody joined In
the excitement and everybody cheered
the queen and her suite and everybody
else until a final fusillade from the «tar
batteries sent royalty ashore and sig
nal, d for lights out B
San Francisco, Oakland and San Jose
did not provide any great portion of
the audience. Those of the six or eight
thousand who were there were towns
people or from the sugar beet sections
uatsonville and Salinas. Cal Ewing
FARQUHAR SELECTED AS
SAMPSON'S SUCCESSOR
Will Assume Charge of the North
Atlantic Squadron in
October.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.-The Navy
Department reached a final determination
to-day to assign Rpar Admiral Norman
H. I-arquhar to the command of the
North Atlantic squadron, to succeed Ad
miral Sampson and to place the latter in
command of the Boston Navy Yard to
fill the vacancy caused by the recent
death of Admiral Picking. The transfer
will take place on October 10.
Rear Admiral Farquhar is one of the
veteran officers of the navy, his service
covering the Civil War as well as the
Spanish-American conflict. His last sra
Bervtce was as commander of the Newark
in 1898. His shore assignments have in
cluded stations at the Boston Navy Yard
the League Islnnd Navy Yard and since
1897 at the Norfolk Navy Yard. He was
commissioned rear admiral on March 3
last undor the navy personnel bill.
Admiral Farqvhar was at the Navy De
partment to-day and had a long talk with
Acting Secretary Allen.
Injured in a Runaway.
WOODLAND, Sept. 11.— "While James
Riner of Winters was standing his
buggy talking to a friend his horse sud
denly became frightened and started to
run. Riner held fast to the lines and was
dragged a considerable distance. When
!>!( k<-d up he was unconscious and It was
found that he had sustained a fracture of
the skull. His condition is critical.
Alameda Couple Wedded.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 11.— George A.
Wittmeier and Dolly Jenkins, both of Ala
meda, secured marriage licenses from
County Clerk Graham to-day and were
united by a local Justice. E. J. Sheehan
of Mill Valley secured a license to wed
Miss Mary Mitchell of San Francisco.
and his Dudes from the Encinal repre-
Bented that side of the bay, and School
Director E<l Head and his numerous
i party, including the Hoffmans of this
; city, were assisting in representing
San Francipco by Neal Murphy, Finlay
Cook and County ilnrk Bill Deane.
Fred Moo.re, Will Leets-, Ous Lion and
three or four others who did not use
up their expense money buying a pood
time during the first two days of the
celebration did the shouting for San
. J'.FC.
Watsonville sent up Assemblyman
. George Radcliff, George Martin. Harry
! Baxt-r, George Seitz and a dozen or
so others of those who do business ami
politics down around the beet suear
: factory.
The success of this water fiesta is due
to the same people who are getting
credit for the rest of the celebration —
i George Chittenden. Frank Mattison,
Frank and Will Hoffman, Reuben Prin
i gle, the Native Daughters as a body,
1 District Attorney Ben Knight, L. E.
\V. Pioda, Ralph Thompson and a
i dozen others of those who generally
I get behind things down here and push
; them through. Therf was no hitch in
it of any sort, and it made a fitting
and brilliant end to this year's celebra
j tion.
The day has been a lively one from
I the time Ralph Miller opened up the
! clambake at the beach this morning
and let ten or eleven hundred people
1 in to eat mussels and baked corn and
drink beer. Fifty thousand and odd
juicy mussels gathered from the rocks
around Monterey were thrown into
thre^ brick-lined pits and there cooked
until their shells popped. For three
hours during the morning and two
; more to-night they were served up pip
ing hot.
In the afternoon Cal Ewing's con
stellation of baseball stars handed out
to the Santa Cruz Sand Crabs a few
more tips on how to find a pitcher. The
score was 3 to 2 in favor of the Oak
landers; not so fierce a session as yes
terday, when Ewing's men turned out a
, score of 19 to 3, but had enough to
; make the Crabs feel like lobsters. Tho
! ball game and the surf bathine: const!
--j tuted the afternoon section of the pro
gramme.
DARING DAYLIGHT
BURGLARY AT REDDING
Thieves Enter and Ransack a House
and Carry Off Their
Plunder.
REDDING. Sept. 11. -The first bure
lary In Redding for a great length of time
occurred Monday afternoon at the hnmo
of Charles K. Penner. It is centrally
located and surrounded by residences.
While the family was absent burglars
gained an entrance by forcing a window
and ransacked the house. They tonk
four suits of Mr. Penner's clothing one
of thorn being his wedding suit An over
coat, shoes, hat and a valise full of na
pers valuable only to the owner were
among the numerous articles stolen How
the burglars escaped with all their
plunder in broad daylight is a wonder to
the officers who are working on the case.
JUSTICE'S JURISDICTION.
Superior Court Decides He May In
flict Heavy Penalties.
REDDING, Sept. 11.— That a Justice of
the Peace in this county has a rig-ht to
impose a fine of $50) or in lieu thereof
imprisonment of 800 days has been de
cided in the affirmative by Superior
Judge Edward Sweeny. The decision
grew out of the case of Dan Stofer.
Stofer pleaded guilty before Justice W.
E. Herzinger of cruelty to animals. His
was an aggravated case and the Justice
Imposed the sentence named. The
severity of the sentence attracted con
siderable attention.
Through his attorney Stofer applied for
a writ of habeas corpus on the ground
that the Justice had exceeded his juris
diction in imposing a sentence of 500
days' imprisonment, the contention be
ing that a Justice of the Peace could im
pose a term of Imprisonment no greater
than 180 days. Judge Edward Sweeny
denied, the writ Monaay.
DR. SPONGLE IS
AGAIN OUSTED
Decision of Judge Hy
land on the Case.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 11.— Medical Director
Sr.onogle is again ousted from the man
agement of Agnewa Insane Asylum. This
time it is on a decision rendered by Judge
Hyland on a writ of review asked by Sen
ator H. V. Morehouse, counsel for Dr.
Sponogle, on the proceedings of the board
of managers, whereby Sponogle was re
moved at a mooting on August 23 last at
the Palace Hotel.
Dr, Sponogle refused to quit and a writ
of review and temporary Injunction were
secured. He claimed the board had no
power to discharge nini without a hear
ing, and that he bad been elected for four
years. Dr. Stocking, the first assistant
physician, was placed temporarily in
charge, hut on aavice of Attorney Gen
eral Ford he gave the keys over to Dr.
Sponogie until the matter in court shouid
be settled.
Judge Hyland's decision covered all the
points raised, and cited numerous deci
sions by ill" Supreme Court to sustain his
decision, which in point is as follows:
That the term of office of the plaintiff as
medical superintendent of the Agnewa State
Hospltai v. .-i I by the constitution of
this Sun--, nor declared by law; that the plain
tiff's term of office continued only during the
pleasur ard of managers of said hos
pital, and that they had jurisdiction and au
thority u> remove him from his position as
medical superintendent.
The ; - of the defendants in relation
to the matters at issue herein are affirmed.
The order hereinbefore made restraining de
fendants from proceeding further with the
matters reviewed, or in any way interfering
with plaintiff a* medical superintendent of said
ApnewF State Hospital, is set asi.i>-.
Let a formal judgment be prepared and en
tered accordingly.
When the matter was decided Chairman
Curnow of the board of managers at once
telegraphed to Dr. J. H. Crane at Ala
meda, who was chosen as a successor to
Sponogli-, to come down and assume con
trol of the institution.
There promises to be further trouble
when Crane arrives. Sponogle declares
he will not allow Crane to enter the build
ing, his attorney having advised him to
hold the fort.
An appeal will be taken to the Supreme
Court and a stay in the proceedings
asked. Senator Morehouse is confident
thnt Sponogle will win, and a long legal
battle must be fought before Sponogle is
finally ousted.
Accidentally Shot.
BAKERSFIELD. Sept. 11. -A. Lind
blum, who h.auls lumber from Brecken
ridge. accidentally shot himself at Breck
enriclge yesterday. He grabbed up a
pistolto show how he would dispatch a
b»-ar should he meet one, when the wea
pon went off. The bullet took effect in
Lindblum'B left breast. He will not re
cover.
Body Acted as a Brake.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 11.— While H. E.
Williams, a rancher living at Pine Moun
tain, was driving down hill this afternoon
the pole of his wagon snapped and he was
thrown out of the wagon, falling in front
of the wheels. His right arm and shoul
der were ba.ily crushed. A strange fea
/22/fjH32£^, Mi n l
Bf/ A ""*"» LJ / ' For the wo-
<tHK vS 1 'Jll man whose
V^9h |BL \fiL J\ M\\ nerves are
(XfW /ESS&KML /B»V?N.' is relief for
! '' " woman
4 igaiSPmig^r* TrPfi^^B*! w ' lil head-
-7 JfJßffgqfßßKß^M^^P/ aohrs, Fig. 1;
A—w^BßblHH^ sunken eyes
t --"v an tlark clr "
»" M&& Hiiiiim. cles under
— -***■■ ""^|fflg^B§Efv^?s^|j 1 eyes, Flk. 2;
! f'BM mJni'GlQgSrsk pale and thin
I |H^^^9H^^ttißiHsBfuBtSin|| face ' Flg - 3*
■$SBBBBBBBMeB*MW a coated
Hi VEmSslw tongue and
I I ESSiSxi— often s i v c
TTmJweyiftfiifrcßyHHwr~~~ breath, F i g.
wmkmk *'• fluttering
• "' neart 't' ai -
l^^ggggSEßßnyßßßßEM £; disordered
V fifl BSmiß^9Sßr^Bß stomach. Fig.
BBMeSkIBm ' " v'!u ' ! •■■■'"
ffSS S^m^^Eß is ttlP help,
f JBHHKgSwg-fflb^Staß Hudyan helps
\ J^BWBBBMBHPWSSByBK because i •
I S&EB^^BSESeS&ilSitßimpk s ' r engthens
KiwHH %%^t l " nerves
A2^^^^^^^9Bs^22K2Q ■' n ' nerve
A^QJ^^^^BRHBB^^^S^^l c> ' nt " rs .Ml
'h e forego-
lr. 11 symptoms
denote nerve-
■weakness.
Other symptoms of nerve-weakness are dizzy
spells, tendency to faint, costiveness and gen-
eral weakness. Hudyan corrects all these
symptoms.
Nerve-weakness In women is usually due to
female complaint. Hudyan reaches the seat
of the trouble. Huydan cures pain In back,
bearing-down pains, irregular periods, painful
periods, mucous discharge and all chronic in-
flammations and ulceratlons. Hudyan. you see,
removes the cause, thereby making . the cures
permanent.
Physicians of distinction indorse Hudyan be-
cause Hudyan possesses superior curative prop-
erties.
Hudyan Is for weak, pale, emaciated suffer-
ing women. It restores to such women a glow
of perfect health; It cures permanently.
Hudyan is for sale by druggists — a pack-
age or six packages for $2 80.
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co.. corner Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
COXPULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS
ABOUT YOUR CASE. FREE OF CHARGE.
CALL OR WRITE.
0 visit OR JORDAN'S great d
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
a C% ICSI«ASKTST.tet.ei*7th,S.P.CiL i
\ Car T" e Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a . qJW- World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
V fESTssw disease p»-Hillw«-ljr cured by iheolde»t T
Q JUS? 5L\ Speailibtco the Coast Esl. 36year<- 9
A Af¥f & OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
1 f(^«39 Consultation free »nd strictly private. \
0 S iS^t S ~^" " mcnl personally rr by letter. A m
\WW Ti « Pot.lne Cure in every case undertaken. V
AIP 7 lift Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY «f A
r " I } 'I .H«1IRIW.I, mailed free. (Af
A I* 11' valuable boole for mrQ J A
f DR. JOBDA.M Al'O., 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
Avoid all drying n!ants^P'""5 l *TrT5^HHi ■
and use that w; '' 1 '' h JKtaff'CiP A" » 7!*3
cleanses, soothes and healsVsT7C/)l*^MßAu
the membrane. ' Ug gfefflfeeflflj 5 80
Ely's Cream Balm RfesSS»
Is such a remedy ar.d will «jj' «/?!^(fi
C " CATARRH BL-^^jffij
Easily and pleasantly. 2S5a
Cold In the Had si^i»Cw3SrtSiß
Quickly vanishes. Blr V^^t*^ *^Gi
Cream Balm is placed into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
—does not produce sneetinc. Large size, 60c;
at druggists or by mail ; trial size, 10c, by
mall.
ELY. BROTHERS. 56 Warren street. New York.
.<^i^A,,| Pis «i» a non -poisoner*
< <'*^P^f^P^^^^fl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JgjgS/rcCUEls'&a Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
•B^y in Ito 6 .I«T».^PJ Whites, unnatural !i»-
Uf/aM Oii»r»nte^l ■ chargi*!. or any ißflammft-
jptjl nut to ■trletan. tion, irritation or ulcerv
I** TlPntgDij e«nu<lon. tion of mucous mem-
KaVHEEvANSCHEUinnrco. tran<li - Non-astringent
VaL L c:NC:N!I*TI.O.H|| Sold by Dm«
W^l v. - A THfT Bent in plain wrapper,
Tyrofflk. ' " l^B^a ''7 expregi, prepaid, fat
*2x£X&9mHo% ! $.1.00. or 3 bottle*. $3.75.
. v ■ wcuiax teat on taftsesl
4* m^ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ and Morphine Habits
II 111 1 111 cured at home. Write
1 1 i-l ill nil for full particulars
I I w* 111 IVI and book free.
11l 111 111 INDIAN OPIUM CURE.
VI. I 111 B. D. EIHMIS, 201 Turk
St., S»n Frinoiioo.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; jrtvea health and .
1 (Urartu to m*u*u erg M*. Pepot. m M*rk«u ,
__—->■■■ _ . ■ _ ■ ; - _ . . .-.. -.;■--.■ j,- .
ture of the accident was that the man's
body acted as a brake and Btopped the
wagon.
Kicked to Death.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 11.— A Ger
man named Schwartz was kicked to death
by a horse at the railroad camp near I
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ . ..
SB* •■-■"'"■■ '. : "•!'■••"' •■'." •»"■•'■•'•■',"' *.'• V- -V ••'V. \'v" '*■ ' -'> Cs *■'•■.'*.■ *. iV:' ' £,'*• '. ?".•'"-'.*."'• .•■' »'"■-■*•%'. '^|
BB' ■• •'■ ■ : :.*."■* " ■•■• .-,' ''"'" •'.•'• '.."•*;'.'■' V!-°j^^^^.>^V*'- > !^O^^V.N '.*'.'"•."■•'.*•'• : '-" '■ Ix'•',•'.?•'1 x '•',•'.?•' !•"•■*,*■ '.*' Aa|
Rm|' ■ ■- ■■-.■•■■■•!'• A i r\'i i // ■ •.*■■■■■■' '* ; v , V>;^H
| Hawes Hats I
;■""; A man need never pay more than $3 for a soft hat ||i
fj£ and yet have the best soft hat made — if he buys a M
all over America. They are advertised in all the leading publlca* ||§§
H| tions throughout the United States, and are first class in every l§a
IWe are the sole San Francisco agents. §|1
|&5 Derbys and Fedoras in all the popular colors and shapes. PH
1 (|i|)S.N.WOQDgCO(|^) I
;<?i \&i\l>*/ Via MARKET 51 N^tO^/ |^
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. 11
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ■
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
. 189S, and for the year ending on that day. as
i made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
' State of California, pursuant to the provisions
I of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
i condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
I Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS. " "
Real Estate owned by Company _;
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $545,000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office
Cash in Bank* 18,908 52
Interest due and accrued on all
Storks and Loans 3,104 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
j and Mortgages
j Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion . 86,332 09
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued. Internal
Revenue Stamps 20 04
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total assets $598,364 82
LIABILITIES. ~~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,715 00
1 Losses In process of Adjustment or
| In Suspense 23,056 00 j
j Losses resisted, including expenses. 4,330 00 i
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $134,066 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 67,033 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $34,631 57;
reinsurance pro rata .- 24. 05S 60
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 15.559 65
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; ■ reinsurance 50
per cent '. 17,786 41
All other demands against the
Company
Total liabilities ■■ $156.568 56
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $167,394 67
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 6,634 97
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends )
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 18,986 81
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 639 20 \
Total Income $193.655 65 i
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses \,'
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) $169,557 07
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) 20,30171
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 59,378 06
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.... 3.165 00 j
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 8.253 88 ;
All other payments and expenditures 2,343 23
Total expenditures $286,999 01 :
1 I
Losses incurred during the year $182,773 67
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the -*
year $34,370,183 00 $305,49143
Net amount of Risks
expired during the "V ■.£'!■:
year 46,249,03100 405,597 10 i
Net ■ amount in force
December 31, 1898.... 18.526,034 00 168.697 58 |
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the -.-'- •■ .V :
year ..: . $654,864 00 $23,954 62
Net amount . of Risks
expired during the
year 1.570,909 00 66,247 19 !
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898.... 425,839 00 15,559 65 I
E. C. CONVERSE. Prest.
,>.' v R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25th I
day of January. 1899.-
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
1215 SANSOMEST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. .
TELEtPHOISB MAIN 6968
Naeles this afternoon. Schwartz at
tempted to climb to the seat of a lumber
wagon, but fell on a dog. The dog car
ried him under the horse's heels. The
horse became frightened and at once be-
K an kicking. When the unfortunate man
was rescued his chest was torn open and
his skull fractured. He died a few mo
ments later.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA *
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
I A. D. IS9S. and for the year ending on that
I day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages....
Cash Market Value of all Stock and
Bonds owned by Company $507,000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office
Cash in Banks 44,405 83
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 4,208 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion .: 86,582 83
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, In-
ternal Revenue Stamps 24 35
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
.
Total assets $694,221 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $8,24100
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense 24.235 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less. $172,462 90;
reinsurance 50 per cent 86,23145
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
" ning more than one year, $43,418 77;
reinsurance pro rata 25.842 53
Gross premiums -on Marine and In- '
land Navigation Risks, $6305 76; re-
insurance 100 per cent 8,306 78 ■
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, ; reinsurance 60 per
cent
All other demands against the Com-
pany 19,373 28
Total liabilities $172.479 02
INCOME. ~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $157,246 84
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 6,634 94
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 23,112 43
Received for Rents
Total Income $186.994 23
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) $134,808 14
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) 24,906 27
Dividends to Stockholders 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 82,584 43
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,475 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes 4.879 80
AH other payments and expenditures 2,961 20
Total expenditures $265.563 84
Fire. Marine.
Losses Incurred during;
the year $141.024 14 $21,804 XI
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. I Premiums.
] _________
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $35,859,597 00 $344.312 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 60.884,635 00 441.383 3$
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898.... 21.655.109 00 '215.88167
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
■ j _-—_—-_-— ■
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $327,117 00 $13,352 8*
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 823,79100 33,125 08
Wet amount in force
December 31. 1898.. ■■ 149.036 00 6.305 73
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. Prest.
R. BLEEKER RATHBONE. Secy. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
27th day of January. 1899. •• •
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
SANSOMEST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELPPHQNB MAIN S9OB
34
LATEST SPORTING RECORDS ON LAND AND WATER.
SAN TOMAS
A SURPRISE AT
SACRAMENTO
Promising Colt Wins the Califor
nia Annual Stake in Good Time,
Toying With His Field.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 11.— Close, murky
weather, a large attendance and some ex
cellent sport characterized the seventh
day of the meet at Agricultural Park.
Notwithstanding that Dr. Frasse's Sister,
Psyche, Monrovia and February, all pro
nounced choices in the betting, came
home in front, the books enjoyed a win
ning day. The win of the California An
nual stake by San Tomas, which prom
ising coil toyed with his field, was about
the biggest surprise of the afternoon.
The Stanford stake, trotting, for foals
of 16%, did not furnish much of a con
test, Dr. Frasse'e Sister winning in
straight heats. The game filly, driven by
Bunch) and a stanch choice both in the
auction pooling as well as in the books,
had but one actual competitor, the big
11 own colt Direct Heir, piloted by Walter
Maben. In the final heat the lilly tired
ui)y the last eighth of a mile, but Direct
Heir was himself so groggy that he broke
ipposite the paddock, losing whatever
■nance he had of snatching victory. Ele
vator, Loe Hoy and '1 ia Juana finished
third, fourth and fifth, respectively, in
..ten of the heats trotted.
Prior to' the race the winner and also
Direct lieir were protested. The former
ay K. J. Wuldon, owner of Elevator, on
.lie grounds that she was raced in hop
nes, and Direct li'ir by Mr. Lumsden, in
.ertsicu 111 tne owneismp 01 xia juana,
HtLuUfte ot delinquent payment. The
jinciais look me stand mai wnile Dr.
raabt-s bister migiu ue violating the
. uiea now 111 iorce regulating lue use of
nopples the original aniona ot the
■ laKe governed. in c «.ase will ue earned
juiore ihe nauonai association; Regardi
ng the Direct neir muiier, in seiiuing
-lake paymenis to the secretary ot the
.-vgncuiiurai oocieiy, ..vlis. a. »_. sever
v..if. in coiis ovwier, miougii error,
.iiueitu the money 10 oe ....... to tile
utiy 01 Dirtii. l.uier, u.»i.o\'tniig
lie inist;;ke, it is said sne wrote tne sec
etary that me monej .v. a 10 !■■■ ■; edited
to tne entry 01 uirect tie.r, >% oicii oy
n-ersight \mis negietieu.
i lie a:isO ciass not proved ready money
or Psyche; me entr> ot .-v. i*. .■ pi ecKeis.
1 ne mare again ruled a stroi;g .avoiue,
tiling lor »vi. wim me tifiU unnging ii.
jonaman handled her to periecuun; and
■ r.c- maae a spectacle of iei ueiu in three
traigni heate; not. being compelled to
:iep faster than 2:20. I^l Moro secured
■tcond and Hank third money.
Uf the original . tries to tne California
Xiinutil staice for two-year-olus at six
urlongs but four sturteu. Tne Montana
jred colt liathos, with Duffy •'» ■ !.•■ .-.. I
ile; was played down to D to lv tavurlUsm,
vith stui.ello next m demand. To a per
ect start Thorpe almost immediately
showed nrst with San Ternas. As tne
tretch was neared the favorite and Bam
loulia cracked, leaving the leader to lin
sh as he pleased. Sunello came rom be
iind and made a fame effort, but could
lot extend the winner. Bat not was a
ired third.
Old Monrovia finally ran up to her morn
ng > workouts, placing the six furlong
icramble for all ages to the credit of the
;prt-ck>.-!s stable, upening an even money
rhcice. the odds drifted to 2 to 1. after
vhich she won galloping from McFarlane,
he favorite. A plunge on Correct cut his
>dds from S to 2, but the best the gelding
>ould do was to finish fourth.
it begins to ok as it a hoodoo hovers
>v«»r Fortis. On the strength of two or
hree phenomenal runs made in losing
■aces the three-year-old was installed fa
vorite for the mile and a sixteenth event.
Srady and Mistleton were almost equally
is well supported. When the barrier was
iprung Morse on Mistleton skimmed to
he front and was never headed, leading
iut the 10 to i shot Twinkle Twink with
considerable to spare. The first choice
an into the show.
February, the 9 to 10 favorite for the
ii al six furlong spin, won in ragtime.
Pommy Butler had the leg up. and as
aiming the front position before the
Wretch was reached downed Petal at the
vire In romping fashion: Mafada could
lave l.^en inside the money, but Hobart
ode with the "reverse English" on.
«
Frack Notes
Chasp & Mendenhall will sell twenty
head of brood •-.■■■ at the track this
morning. Including among them Mary Lou
(2:l' and Black Sally.
The San Jose race meet has been de
clared off.
On Wednesday the great Palo Alto gale
will take place at Agricultural Park. Two
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— Seventh day of the meeting of the
State Fair Association, Monday, Sept. 11. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge— Frank Covey.
C RACE— Trotting; the Stanford Stake for foals of 1896; mile heats, best three In
five; value, } v TO.
•k Farm's h. f. Dr. Frame's filter, by Ivan Alto-Linda Oak
•.) 1 1 1
■ :r. ir <•.. by Pln-ct iMiben) 2 2 2
t.r f., by Don Marvin iWeldon) 3 3 3
I. r .. by Fay Wllkes (Pnnathan) 4 4 4
i, br. f., by Qowiper (Abies) > 5 6 5
Time— 2:2s4. 2:26, 2:254.
SECOND RAf'E— Trotting. 2:30 class; mil* heats, best three In five; purse, $1000.
A B Bpreckelß' eh. m. Psyrhe. by Cupid-Emma S (Donathan) ] 1 i
Xl Mr.ro, Mk. g.. by Long-worth (Menchaca) 3 2 2
Hand, b g., by Vasts (Site*) 2 6 6
Vnole James, br. g.. by James Madison (Maben) 4 i 4
Lottie I'nrks. b. m., by Cuplii (Laffertyt 5 4 3
(julllicene. eh. «.. by Bordell (Donnelly) 6 5 5
Thfr'jn br. g, by Albion (WebFter) distanced
Time— 2:22, 2:20>». 2:2<\
and three year old sons and daughters of
the great Advertiser and other equally
well known sires will pas« under the ham
mer.
Entries for Tuesday:
First race — 2:12 trot: mile heats, two In
three:
Twilight Loehinvar
Fanadma Dolly D
Sh-'lby Alex B
Athavls
Second race- 2:15 pace; mile heats, two In
thrpp:
Arthur W Hazel H
Don Mollie Nurse
Floracita Beechwood
Monteclto Roy | Diawood
I Direct I
Third race— Futurity etake; for two-year-
Olds: six fur'.cnss:
(l)The Echo 115 (44) San Tomas 118
(S Con«tel!ator IIS i3S)Bee Bee 115
Fourth race— Four-year-olds and upward;
Fevon-HtrlithE of a mile:
i: L.vdal HOi 43 Manzanilla IOC'
40 AlcFarlane 100 ! 25 RoacJwarrv»r — I" 1
26 Shellac 11l I 43 Meadow Lark....lus
V! C »'.. Traveler... .ll2!
Fifth race- Owners' handicap; one and a
Btxteenth miles:
41 Übertira 97! 41 Hohenzollern 103
:26)Mt. McGregor 11.101
Sixth rnr»--Four-year-olds and upward;
.^v<?n-"!E!iLhs of v mile.
. Averine 971 33 Lady Hurst W
4.-. Pongo 100. 34 Magnus 1""
oera 109 26 Wllmeter 112
43 Krel LM l k Snips 1"'
(0 Tenrtca 100 40 Smyle 100
Dudes Defeat the Crabs
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 11.— Oakland won a
league game with Santa Cruz this after
noon, the score being 3 to 2. Oakland made
one run in the third, another in the fifth
and a third in the ninth. Santa Cruz
made its runs in the eighth. Score:
SANTA CRUZi
A ls H. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Williams. 2b (10 0 110
neveieaux. 3b 4 0 10 10 0
] lalrymple. 1. f 4 1 1 0 X 0 0
Btretb. lb 3 0 0 0 9 0 0
Drt-nnan c. f 4 0 114 0 0
Clark, i. l 2 0 0 0 10 1
Morrow, c 3 0 0 14 10
Babbitt, 8.8 3 0 10 2 3 2
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 6 J)
Totals SI 1 "4 1 -73 11 1
OAKLAND.
1 1 : iT . hinaon. 3b 4 0 3 0 1 2 1
Hammond, c 2 10 0 5 2 0
Hardio. r. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Franks, 2b 4 0 1 0 1 3 0
Dunleavy. c. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 l
Borchers, lb.. 4 0 0 0 16 1 0
=Vhtr.per. s.B 4 0 0 0 2 8 1
Mosklman, 1. f 4 2 3 0 1 0 0
Steffani. p 3 1 0 0 0 J> J)
Totals S3 3 8 0 27 16 3
•One man out when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 o—2
Basp hits 1 0 0 0 10 0 2 o—4
i»klan<l 0 0 10 10 0 0 1-3
Base hits 0 0 1110 1 2—B
SUMMARY.
Two-bDM hit— Mrekltnan. Sacrifice hit—Bab
bitt. First ba>« on errors— Santa Cruz, 1; Oak
land. ?.. First ba« on called balls— Santa Cruz,
3: Oakland 2. Left <>n bases— Santa Cruz, 7;
Oakland, 7. Struck imt- By Whalen. 4: by
i-tpffani 3. Double plays— Morrow to Williams;
Coroners to Hutchinson. Passed Morrow,
I: Hamm ;. 1. Timp of game— l:3s. Umpire
Graves. Official scorer— H. Fleisig.
FOOTBALL MEN MEET.
List of Players at Stanford Who Are
Anxious to Play.
r,\T.O AT.TO. Sept. 11.— The football men
held a rousing meeting in Encina Hall to
night. Captain Murphy, after a few pre
liminary remarks, introduced Coacb
Chamberlain, who urged even.' one who
had the physical al Ility to play football
to sign the roll an.l pet out Suits will
be given to the men '■ morrow and the
backs will then begin their work. The
following men signed the r.ill:
Halfp— G. Parker. Willinm Hoiißh, P.
Parker, M. John. C. P. Allen Jr., B. E.
Nourse. R. D. Frlsselle, M. C. <;rider. A.
< '. Smith. U. A. Campbell, J. H. Coverley
and C. M. Wordall.
Ends— C. W. Davis, H. P. Beckly. C.
Hayden G. Gale. H. Clipton. S. Acker
man. C. W. Sell. C. 8. Thompson. <;.
T:,irk-r C. B Raitte Berl Collins <; R
I.uti?erding. J. Welth. F. E. Bradley, VV.
F. Davis, W. A. Williams and H. A.
Tackles— <". D. Hauverman, H. W. Hci
k.-r Leon Levy, W. S. Brown, G. C. Bow
man T. Stephehwm. < \ W. Ferns, I.
Wisehart, R. L. Crowfoot, J. A. Bentley,
11. M Slemons.
Center- H. F. Crowell, H. D. Parkin, E.
Oilman.
Guards— W. J. Tracker. E. H. Nutter,
H H. K<-e «'. H. .Tourer, E. F. Maplep, A.
Dole,
CHiarters— < '. Murphy. O. TT. 1/iiok, H.
Hudson. T. \V. Hrothf-rton, E. M. Murphy,
X F <"(,., per, W. E. Billings, C. Pollard,
N. Dole.
Fullbacks— R. B. Bidwoll. F. A. Gepr,
William Parkin E. H. Tliayer. H. L. Rob
erta C. E. McFadden R. B. Knierht.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY,, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899:
CORINTHIANS WILL TRY
TO RETAIN THE TROPHY
np HE regatta committees of the San
j Francisco and Corinthian Yacht
I clubs met yesterday and set Sep
♦ •*■ tember 23 as the date for the face
4> between The Gadder and the dt-fend
« ing yacht for the Perpetual Challenge
:u, now held by the sloop Aeolus,
flagship of the Corinthian fleet.
KID PARKER KNOCKS
OUT FRANK BARTLEY
DENVER, Sept. 11.— Kid Parker of Den
ver, champion lightweight of the West,
went out of his class and knocked out
Frank Hartley o£ Binghamton, N. V., in
t lie- thiru round of a bout scheduled for
twenty rounds before the Colorado Ath
letic Association to-night. The men
[ought at 140 pounds, but Parker con
ceded about seven pounds. Barth y had
much the advantage in height and reach.
The former rnixea it up from the start,
and after the first round paid little atten
tion t" science. In i ln- first round honors
were even, Parker rushing Hartley, who
evaded him cleverly, Parker once falling
after missing a terrific right and left
swing
In the second round Parker set a fast
but Hartley was right with him.
and in Beveral warm exchanges had a
the better of It, Parker came up
Lhi stronger In the thirri round and forced
Hartley all over the ring, finally catching
him with a Ptiff right swing on the jaw
and knocking him out.
In the preliminary between Jim Scan
lan of Pittsburg and Jack Lafontlae of
Montana, middle-weight. Scanlan's jaw
was broken by a right swing in the first
round, but he fought gamely until com
pelled to throw up the sponge in the fifth
round.
M'GOVERN-PALMER BOXING
MATCH POSTPONED
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— The McOovern-
Palmer bout for the bantam weight
championship of the world, scheduled for
3 p. m. to-day at Tuckahoe, has been
postponed until 3 p. m. to-morrow, on ac
count of the threatening weather. If
weather conditions are nut favorable to
morrow it will be again postpo- ed un
til a clear day. Both lada lift their
training quarters last evening, and spent
the night at an up-town Turkish bath
house. At 5 o'clock this morning they
weighed in. Palmer weighed 115^ pounds
and McGovern in 1 :;. Both lads are very
confident They have trained much more
earnestly than ever before.
McQovern is a favorite in the betting
5 to 4 being freely laid on the American.
Palmer's friends art- looking for better
(.•ids. but before the battle begins they
may have to accept even money. The
boys are to have a percentage of the
"picture privileges" in addition to the
purse of $10,000, of which $7f>oo goes to the
winner and |260Q to the looser.
This afternoon McGovern and Palmer
went back to their respective training
quarters, and each will 'nave to weigh in
to-m irrow morning again. According to
the stipulations of the articles of agree
ment, they must w*-igh in at 116 or under
ten hours: before their appearance in the
ring. This will necessitate hard training
on the part of both the boys this after
noon and evening.
BALTIMORES BEATEN
BY THE LOUISVILLES
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Eet Clubs— W. L. p.-t
Brooklyn ....84 37 .694 Plttsburg ...M 61 .811
Philadelphia 7S 47 .624 Chicago 65 62. .513
H,,-tcn 75 48 .610 Louisville ...!," 67 .453
Baltimore ...71 50 .586 New York ..52 72 .411*
Cincisaati ..72 53 .076 Waxhington .42 7'J .347
St. Louis ...70 57 .651: Cleveland ...19 112 .MO
BOSTON, Sept. It— Powell weakened in the
eighth and was touched up for four hits, one of
them a home nin, scoring four runs for Bos
ton and winning the game. ICoat of the
errors were excusable, the clay being cold and
windy. Attendance, WO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston I 8 1
St. Ixjuls 2 8 4
Batteries— Willis and Berg-en; Powell and
Schrecongost. Umpires— Mana«Bau and Con
nolly.
BALTIMORE, Sept 11.— Phillppl had the
Orlolee completely puzzled tn-day. In the
third Inning four singles and an error gave
Baltimore their only runs of the game. Kit
son was erratic, but fast fielding prevented the
Colonels from rolling up a higher score. At
tendance. 778. Score:
flubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 3 9 2
Louisville 6 12 2
Batteries— Kitson and Crlsham; Phllippi and
Zlmmer. Umpires— Emslle and Dwyer.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 11.— The Redlegs and
Senators played a good game to a tie, when it
was called in the eighth Innine on account of
darkness. The staff umpires did not put in
an appearance, fo a player from each team
officiated. Attendance, 800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 3 7 o
Cincinnati 3 11 4
Batteries- THr.neen and Kittredge; Hahn and
PeltK. Umpires- \\>yhinp and Taylor.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Chicago-New York
game postponed; rain.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 11.-Cleveland-Phil
adelphia game postponed; rain-
TO INSURE CLEAR COURSE
TO RACING YACHTS
Commodore Morgan of the New York
Club Confers With the Revenue
Cutter Service.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 11.— Commodore
J. Plerpont Morgan of the New York
Yacht club arrived In Washington to-day
and had a conference with Secretary Gage
and Captain Shoemaker, chief of the rev
enue cutter Bervice, on the subject of the
coming race between the Shamrock and
Columbia. Under the act of May, IS9C, the
etary of the Treasury ie authorized
in his discretion to detail revenue cut
ters to enforce such rules and regulations
as maj be adopted to Insure the safety of
passengers on steamers or other craft
taking part in regattas, etc., either ama
teur or professional, that may be held on
navigable waters within the jurisdiction
of the United State;..
Mr. Morgan said his mission here was
to impress upon Captain Shoemaker the
great Importance of the occasion to
yachtsmen everywhere and the necessity
for the greatest care in preventing acci
dents and any possible interference with
the yachts during the race. Captain Shoe
malter assured Mr. Morgan that the sui
pervisors of anchorage at New York had
been instructed to confer with the race
committee as to' their wishes xnd that
everything possible would be done by the
commanding officers of the cutters which
would be d' 'ailed to look after the excur
sion and other craft following the race
to prevent any crowding or other inter
fere nee.
Great Stock Farms Illustrated.
The last issue of the Breeder and
Sportsman is an elaborate affair intended
I as a souvenir of the State I air, the most
successful In all Its history. Throughout
all Its pages the text shows the confidence
uf the editor in the future of the light
| harness horse, for which there is an In
creasing demand at good prices. The
number is a creditable one, presenting to
' its local and Its Eastern readers accurate
i and valuable information concerning Cal
i Ifornla stock farms and horses. The
I frontispiece is an artistically executed
picture, in colors, of A. B. Spreckels'
great horse Cupid, 2:18. A page is given
over tv the- hackneys of John Parrott's
■ Bay-wood stud, San M.'iteo; some of the
crack trotters at Aptos Farm; Dutard's
Brentwood Farm; D. E. Knight's Dai
mont, L':l7; Oalcwood Farm; Irvlngton
Stock Farm and the interesting Hungar
ian ponies bred by A. \V. Foster. The de
partments of rod, gun and kennel are
! also handled in a thorough manner.
•-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-•-•-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©-©
1 DR. MEYERS & CO. j
•I , * : . .* I
9 These are the most successful specialists in America. Their I
remedies, methods and appliances are harmless and most effec- j
tive. Their institution is the largest and best equipped, and •
i} their practice the most extensive. Established 1881.
0 NO PAY TILL CURED. CONSULTATION FREE. o
• If a patient has any doubt about being cured :he may de- o
1 posit the price of a cure in any bank in San Francisco, to be
T. paid to DR. MEYERS & CO. after he is entirely well. If it. is J
® not convenient to do this, payments- may be made month y. •
(I Home cures a specialty. Particulars: free, : also private book. 1
731 Market Street, S. F. Elevator entrance. Hours, 8:30 to 5. 1
' Evenings, 7to 8. Sundays, 9to 11. . ••. . . i .- , /. •
* 1,,-,.., ' '• : - _!—. " ' " ' ' ■ ' ' ' L
til KS Bn hNb^ MJIBgCTp 4raJ b¥| BH^BI HB ■V " ' ™
I Pu9 vHv^f Pyjl s*fl ISrl olf^J HraS kErn ■^^Sm pfiß l?ft
d ■ '' . . .™ ' ©
©-•-© r-«-077©-#~^7«> -•rfjf- •-•-•"*- •-•-•r© T«-i.
SWIFT YACHTS
TO STRIVE FOR
CHALLENGE CUP
Corinthian and San Francisco
Representatives Set Date for
Race for Perpetual
Trophy.
The members of the regatta committee
of the San Francisco and Corinthian
Yacht Clubs held a meeting yesterday to
make arrangements for the race for the
Perpetual Challenge cup. This trophy is
at present held by the Corinthians, Com
modore Carl Westerfeld and K. 11. Mor
row's sloop Aeolus won it In W97
by defeating the Encinal yacht Fawn.
The San Francisco Yacht Club recently
issued a challenge, which was accepted
by the Corinthians. The challenging
boat is The Gadder, built by Matthtw
Turner and having a racing length i t
about 25.50 feet. The defender of the Per
petual cup must be within 10 per cent
of the racing length of the challenger, so
that the outside measurement for the
Corinthian champion Is 28.05 feet. iho
sloop Aeolus exceeds this length, but J.
W. Pew's Truant, which has recentlj
been cut down, now has a racing length
at 27.0(i feet, and so is available as a de
fender. The Corinthians have, however,
not yet named their defender, but will uo
so in time to enable Measurer J. M. Pun
nett of the San Francisco Yacht Club, anu
Measurer H. H. Gorter, of the Corinth
ians, to reach an agreement with regard
to the dimensions of both the challeng
ing and the defending craft.
The representatives of the Corinthian
Yacht Club are J. H. Hopps, Douglas
Erskine and T. J. Kavanaugh. am^ the
San Francisco representatives are G. *.
S. White, George D. Campbell and ex-
Commodore W. N. McCarthy. J. H
Hopps is chairman of the combined com
mittees. It was decided to hold the race
on September 23, beginning at 1 o ClocK,
over the regular Corinthian course, which
is estimated as thirteen nautical miles.
Commodore A. M. Clay of the California
Yacht Club will be asked to serve as
referee, while J. H. Hopps and G. L>.
Canipbell will act as timers, the whpH
committee officiating as judges. Only six
persons will be allowed on board each
yacht as crew, but the Corinthian ''• -
fender will carry a representative ol the
San Francisco Yacht Club> and on tlie
Gadder will be a Corinthian representa
tive. The Seawanhaka-Corinthlan racing
rules will govern the contest and it
course should not be completed within the
time limit of live houis, the committee,
after consultation with the owners of both
yachts, will set a day on which the race
shall be resailed. Though the race Itsell
must take place not later than September
30 it may be re-sailed on any day fixed oy
the joint committee of both clubs.
MIDWEEK COURSING.
Sixty-Four Dogs to Compete at Union
Park on Thursday.
The managers of Union Coursing Park
have postponed the midweek coursing to
Thursday. This was done at the request
of many of its patrons, who will be at
leisure on that day owing to it being a
Jewish holiday. Hereafter, however, the
midweek stake will be contested on
Wednesday. A large attendance is there
fore expected on Thursday. The -Prizes
offered will be $00 for the winner. $40 for
the runner-up, next two ?20 each .next
four $12 50 each, next eight fjju each and
the next sixteen $2 £0 each. Following is
the result of last night's drawing:
Midweek Etake— W. H. Jones' Lady Marlon
vi W. C. Glasson's Joy Hells; J. Ferris
(names) Cleopatra vs. T. E. McEldowneys
Rosebud; E. F. Passon's (names) Merry
Maiden vs. M. Mltchtlek's Scott Free; J. H.
Gladstone's Lamplighter vs. B. Attridge a
Masterpiece; W. J. Jones" Rustan vs. J. M.
Halton's (names)Rey Alfonso; W. C. Glasson 8
Borders Val#ntlno vs. Handy & Smith s Ida;
T E McEldowney's night Bower vs. J. Ker
rigan's (names) Princess Royal; B. Adams
: (names) Traveler vs. Pasha Kennels Race
Away W. Kramer's Jesse Moore vs. J. Ber
gesson's Gold Hill; E. Adams' (names) St. Ger
■ trude vs F. A, MeComb's (names) Blue Rock:
Ed Wilson's (names) Magnet vs. Aeneld Ken
! nels' Maid of Erin; Hurley & Reilly's Star 01
Cuba vs. J. Rowntng's (names) ueraidlne; hid
Wilson's (names) Magnesia vs. Sterl &
Knowles" Wag; Pasha Kennels' Right Arm vs.
W H Lord's (names) Fair Florence; Locks &
Lyons' Dick 1., vs. J.Jones' (names) White Dia
mond; P. C. Bluke's (names) Lady Garnet v«.
J Jones' Lady Van; J. H. Harrisons Happy
1 Hoodoo vs. W. H. lord's (names) Revolver;
I ande * Gerber's Mount Ida vs. H. I'lnkham's
Newsboy; W. Kramer's Report vs. George
Uthosen's Fireball; F. A. McComb's One Spot
vs W. J. Murphy's Arrow; John Kerrigans
Lady Blanche vs. J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips;
W H. Jones' Prince Jerome vs. W. C. Col
lier's (names) Martha Washington; B. & R.
Scott's Lord Byron vs. J. McCnrmick's Prim
rose- P C. Blake's (names) Menlo Maid vs.
J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; Lande & Gerber's
(names) Onward vs. Hurley & Reilly's O. K.
Capitol; A. Ohmyer's (named) Occidental VS. W.
L Trade's (nominates) wandering Tom; Lande
& Gerber's A. A. A. MorvHle vs. F. A. Me-
Comb's Little Joker; J. Bradshaw's Hazel Dell
vs H. Weber's Montana; M. London's Sharkey
; vs. James Dlxon'w Black Bees; R. L. Taylor's
i (names) Wild Lassie vs. J. Dean's Belle of
Anderson; R. L. Taylor's (names) Bounding
i Belle vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist.
STAR POINTER INJURED.
Famous Pacer Unable to Appear and
All of His Dates Canceled.
TERRE HAT'TE. Jml., Sept 11.— W. J.
Ijams, president of the Terre Haute Trot
ting Association, received a telegram this
afternoon announcing that Star Pointer,
who was to have gone against his record
to-morrow, would not be here. The fa
mous pacer injured himself at New York
' in his race with Joe Patchen, and the
! veterinary surgeon announces that the
! pacer will not be in condition for three
weeks. All dates made by Pointer's
owner have been canceled. The trotting
, association is negotiating with the owner
of Humps (2:04) to send his horse against
the wagon record of 2:08 l , 4 held by WW P.
i and arrangements for the trial are about
; completed.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1.. Sept. 11.-The
Grand Circuit meet opened at Narragan
sett Park this afternoon with disagree
able weather prevailing. A small crowd
was in attendance. Two races were fin
ished, but the third was carried over until
to-morrow, as it began to rain heavily.
Owyhee won the Woodlake 2:20 trot in
three straight heats. Edward S, owned
by Srott Hudson of Lexington, Ky., cap- :
tured the 2:17 pace in two straight heats, j
The 2:18 trot- was postponed afti?r two
heats had been trotted. Excel. ;t local
horse, won the first heat. Senator 1,,
owned by John Shepard of Boston, won;
the second. Thf track was in Kood con- !
dition. but tho time was slow, 2:11V 4 being,
the fastest heat. Results:
■\Vocdlakt>. 2:20 class trot, best three in five. I
purse Owyhee won in straight heats; |
lime- 2:i:!'.. 2:18%, i! : !--_:- Dillard \Y«lkes sec
ond,' Dorothy S" third. Palm I^eaf fourth.
Wilask, Philip E, Valpa, Royal Baron, Roaiter
and mil also started.
• ''17 class pace purse $1200. two in three— Ed
ward S won in straight heats; time. 2:12%,
2:l"4- Prince Hugh second, McShedd third. !
Sir" Arthur, Frank Knapp, Belle Cannon and j
Mike Dunn also started. :* ."^ , «,._..» j
218 trot purse ttfQfl two In three (unfinished) |
—Excel wen first heat In 2:1414. Senator L won i
second heat in 2:13. SJjwer Jack, Minacook, ,
Georgeaa, Glory. Iris O, Pixie, Phoebe Chiiders ;
and Farris also started.
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— A fair-sized crowd saw
an ordinary card run off at Hawthorne to-day.
The steeplechase furnished an exciting flntsb,
Tricotln getting the verdict by a nose from
Three Forks. Golden Kule romped in in the
fifth. The second race bruught together BOH»e
of the l.est two-year-olds of the West, an 1
after a hard battle Sam Fullen, who made a
game bid for victory, dropped back nowhere,
while Flamora won, with Alice Turner Bi
Weather clear; track good. Results:
One mile— Astor won. Pitfall second, Inverary j
third. Time, 1:4314. _
Five furlongs— Klaniora won, Alice Purner
second, < 'apron third. Time. 1:01.
Six furlonga Hickey 1> won, Mizpah second. -
Alfcaretta third. Time. 1:13>4-
Sh./rt course steeplechase— Tricotin won.
Three Forks second, Bellamy third. Time, j
I:HM.
Six lurlnnßS- Golden Rule won. Florizar sec
ond, Tar Hill third. Time. l:l4'j.
One mile. Helling— Sea Lion. won. Raclvan sec
ond Pat Garrett third. Time, 1:41%.
BUFFAIiO, N. V., Sept. 11.— The mud horses
had an inning to-day at Fort Erie. The rain
of the early morning made the track sticky
and heavy. Results:
.Six furlong*— Zoroaster won, Juanetta sec
ond, Atthea third. Time, 1:16^.
Five furlongs— Sinnemahune won, Amaranth
eocond, Ailenna third. Time. 1:11.
f)n^ ;ind one-sixteenth miles — Fntte Lance
won, Brulare second. The Dauphin third.
Time. ]::< : :
Five furlongs— Lampglobe won, Advance
Guard second, Flolm third. Time, 1:03V4-
Six furlongs— King Carnival won, Rideau sec
ond. The Light third. Time, 1:1514.
Six furlongs— Compensation won, Flop second,
Nicolas third. Time, 1:16.
Discovery of Life Plant.
Science has discovered a plant so full of
life that If one of its leaves be broken off and
mer-h' pinned to a warm wall another plan;
will grow fr..m it. It is these same vitalizing
principles which enable Hostetter's Stomach \
Bitters to arouse to life and duty the over- j
worked ptoniach, the weak blood and sluggish
liver. The sufferer from dyspepsia or any j
stomach trouble Deeds Rostetter's Stomach
Hitters. See that a private Revenue Stamp [
eov»is the neck of the bottle.
i BEIEQHAM/S I
} PiLLS mako life (
v lir*&M a 6L'z& worth living J
% Core Didoes and Nervous Disorders, c
m 1O vent* and 33 cents, nt drurr store*. Q
©^y©^fc»©'^>©'^t>'©©' < *'© <^-©^>'©'^>'fi
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of THE
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, IN THE DOMINION OF
Canada, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. ISSB, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $20,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 1,263.140 15
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office 163 33
Cash In Banks :.' 151,299 66
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collection 202,958 OS
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 47,309 72
Rents due and accrued
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets $1.684,870 89
~ — :
LIABILITIES, v
Losses adjusted and unpaid $32,697 64
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 68,325 64
Losses resisted, including expenses. 14,049 16
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning, one year or less, $953,630 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 476,815 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on year, $638,082 83
reinsurance pro rata , 342,145 11
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $50,877 21;
reinsurance 100 per cent 50.577 21
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $17,296 21; reinsurance 50 per
cent 8,64810
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30,954 23
Total Liabilities I ..$1.074,51170
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,380,636 51
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 280,570 06
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Montgages 2,116 23
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 46,606 6S
Received for Rents..
Total Income $1,709,829 68
EXPENDITURES.
N-jt amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $ , losses of pre-
vious years) $888,147 55
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
including $ , losses of pre-
vious years ;.. 246,598 61
Dividends to Stockholders ..."
Paid or allowed for Commission or ■ ;V ■:'
Brokerage 308,257 56
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 51,858 00 i
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 48.46124
All other payments and expenditures 146,582 86
Total Expenditures $1,689,905 82
Losses Incurred during the year, ..$847,376 "77
Losses Incurred during the year, ma-
rine 269,30514
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks f-',U-
-written during the
year $162,181,141 $1,728,599 25 »
Net amount of Risks „
expired during the
year ..............:.... 140,744,979 1,787,669 50
Net amount in force . ■ •
December ,31, 1993. . . 160,065,449 1,591,712 S3
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ..........:: $35,874,054 $306,571 23
Net amount of Risks
. expired during the •
year 36,913.977 317,524 06
Net amount in force
December 31. 1593 4,123,465 68,173 42
C. C. FOSTER^' KENNY, Vice President
C. C. FOSTER. Secretary. *»«""»*•
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January, 1899.
W. B. RAYMOND, Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
, . BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BSSsSSSbSS^ ill fin 5i
siok headMSe
Positively cured by these
\ Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
feet remedy lot Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Baa Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain m the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
SmaH Prsce*
Strong Drink is Death
by 0^ It: l f fnS — |j «bJ ■ I 1 1 Aft "
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively Guaranteed remedy for die
Drink Habit, Nervousness gad Melancholy caused
by strong- drink.
W.« dtIAKAVTKi; FOI'R BOXKB
to cure any case with a positive written guar-
anicc or refund the money, and to destroy too
appetite for Intoxicating liquor?.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
PTani'f 1 nDIIII/ causes Misery, Poverty
dinUnb UnlHlVanel Death. Upon receipt
if SI 0 00 *va will mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
We written guarantor- to cure or refund
oar money. Sine - '-■"-• *•<«<).
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agts..
214 Kearny st.. San Francisco.
I al la rife si rsi ef aj
■m J I"h JL^P
111 « i gig b T&a g
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
British = America
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, CANADA. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS9B, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $10,000 ft)
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 995.072 73
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's office
Cash in Banks «,ISS 60
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 9,712 51
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages -.. .
Premiums in due course of Collec- .
tion 205, 05S 77
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks " 6,368 48
Total Assets $1,271,431 11
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 160,602 05
Losses in process of ' Adjustment or
in Suspense 57,889 69
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 9,880 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year ox less, $635,753 34; re-
insurance 50. per cent 317,576 67
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $425,35S 56;
reinsurance pro rata 228,006 73
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $30,439 07;
reinsurance 100 per cent 30,459 07
Gross premiums on Marine Time '
Risks, $5,765 77; reinsurance 50 per
cent 2,882 S3
All other demands against the Com-
pany ..... 60,764 '1
Total Liabilities ■ $768,451 13
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ••-• $558,633 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
■ rine premiums — ; 161,655 57
Received .for interest on Bonds and
• Mortgages U""!" 
Received -for interest on Bonds,
Stocks, Leans and from all other
sources'. •■ 42,776 'H
Total Income $1,-063.063 S2
EXPENDITURES. \'
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
•"•■ eluding $.........., losses of pre-
vious years) $549,07S 67
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $.......,.:, losses of pre-
; vious years) 117,717 90
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for .'Commission or
Brokerage .:..,...:...-.... :.......... 193,898 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and . other
charges for officers, clerks,. etc.... \. 49,032 42
Paid for State, National and local
taxes '••• ."......':..; 31,890 S7
All other payments and expendi- ■
tures ...A..;. 76,007 90
Total Expenditures 017,625 93
Losses Incurred during the year .. $676,873 58
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year.-; ;-•.;.•■ $108,120,761 $1,125,965 63
Net* amount of Rl?ks
expired during the
year ...........:........ 94,627,756 1.157.91S 70
Net amount in force . - .
December 31. IS9S 106,710,300 1,061,141 89
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount 'of Risks ■
written during the
year ;•■••/•;;•.•••• $23,265,603 $205,177 71
Net amount ,of Risks ' ' *
■ expired during the XVV • j
>' ear • 23,503,502 213,835 21
Net amount in force ' ■
December 31. 1898..... 1,876,154 - rfi.224 84
p it ctvo i J - KENNY.. Vice President.
P. H. SIMS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January. 1599. H. D. GAMBLE.
Notary Public.
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.' C.\L.
fWrtUj Call, $1.00 Year— — ■"" • >•» w w w w W
Burial of Capt. Richter
and Sergeant Justh.
RIFLE VOLLEYS
ECHO OVER THE
HEROES' GRAVES
Funeral of Richter
and Justh.
AN IMPRESSIVE PROCESSION
COMRADES TN ARMS MARCH TO
HONOR THEM.
At the National Cemetery and Also
Upon the Streets Many Thou
sands of Spectators Were
Gathered.
The remains of two California heroe*,
Captain Reinhold Richter and Sergeant
Maurice Justh of the First California
Volunteers, were placed under the sod of
the National Cemetery at the Presidio
yesterday afternoon. All that martial
pomp, sweet music, earnest and tender
"W'-rds and the assurance of the sympathy
of myriads of surviving companions at
arms could lend to alleviate the deep sor
rowfl of the mourners were there at the
grave side. Thousands of sympathizing
citizens lined the struts through which
the double funeral procession passed.
Many eyes were wet with tears. The
P"lu:.r.-s of Minnesota Joined with the sol
diers ot California to do honor to the dead
As the line marched in solemn
mood through Van Ness avenue little
children rais.d a cry that might have
sounded discordantly in the ears of the
I rners under any other circumstant-'.p.
"Hurrah for th-- soldiers!" cried several,
rs for the ■ ■; 1 as the living!
Why not. Had they not won the plaudits
of their countrymen? Plaudits that sfhall
!>• beard when they have been dead many
a year?
It was about 2 o'clock when the pro
cession escorted the two caskets enfold
ing the remains of Captain Richter and
:;it Justh out of Mission into Fifth
.-r<iwd of spectators
numbered thousands. Along Fifth street
to Market they stretched. When the line
■ \ Market street and turned west
ward the curbs on both *i>ies of Market
street for many blocks were lined. Men
with uncovered heads while the
caskets passed by. Women looked serl-
I i Bad. At Gulden Gate avenue, out
which the funeral procession moved
from Mark'-t street, another crowd had
gathered. No funeral in years has at
same amount of attention.
All along the entire !in^ of march marks
of sympathy and respect were bestowed.
There were no funeral services at the
irlora at 946 Mission street.
The mourners and their friends gathered
[1 had been arranged that the final
should ;ak'' place at the cemetery.
T< nderly and with exceeding care, while
the band of the First California Yolun
[ a . ■ the caskets enfolding
mains of the heroes were borne out
through an aisl rm d by opposing
rs, and soldier hands
rap< <i In American
on tiie gun caissons of the Third
ites Artillery, which were to
bear them I ■ Presidio. The crowd
stood with heads bared. Then the pro
•. was formed.
At was the band of the First
rnia Volunteers. K;ibbi Moses S.
and Chaplain Charles M. Daley of
'irst South Dakota Volunteer? who
were to conduct the services at the grave
Fide, came next in a carriage. Serious of
mien and treading slowly, the first of the
Mini- Company I of the Thir
h Minnesota Volunteers, commanded
ptaln Cdrrlston, followed.
Then the caisson wheels rumbled and
the casket containing the remains of Cap
-1 started on the journey to the
■ en the first caisson and
ne that bore the casket containing
j dna of Sergeant Justh marched
ring squad of the Minnesota Volun-
Tht- pall-bearers marched by the
f the ' aissons. They were Captains
Eggert, George Pilmer, William
Thomas J. Cunningham and J.
\\ Dumbrell and Sergeants Laughrey.
.. r. Bartlett, Sollman, Cardiff,
81 zenwald, Bergman and Leffman
First California Volunteers, the
..-.ions in arms of those whom they
. 1. Behind the caissons marched
and th-_- majors of the
California and the officers of Com
a I and A of that regiment. The
mourners followed In four carriages, the
ng al'r>-;is!. The two com
■ i and A, marching without arms,
nt having surrendered it:.< arms,
were next. Then came a delegation from
Court Palo Alto No. 52. Foresters of
America. Then there was a long array of
carriages in double lines, in which were
ia of the families and many others
who sought to do honor to the dead. In
Hrst of these carriages were repre
tiyes of the staff of Major General
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Once or twice a year the good house-
wife has a thorough house cleaning. The
house has been swept and dusted every
day in the year, but the housewife knows
that in spite of vigilance dust accumu-
lates in cracks and corners, and is only
to be removed by special effort.
It's the same way with the body. You
look after it every day. You take all
the ordinary precautions of cleanliness
health. Yet the body needs its
special cleaning to rid it of the accumu-
lations of waste and poisonous matter
which invite disease. Doctor Pierces
GoMen Medical Discovery, taken regu-
larly once or twice a year, would save
many a sickness. It purifies the blood,
strengthens the stomach, and cleanses
the body of poisonous accumulations.
" I^aM spring I had a severe attack, of pneu-
monia which left me with a bod cough, and
al6o left my lungs in a very bad condition.'
wr.tis John M. Rusbell. E»q.. of Brent, Cherokee
Nat.. lud. Ter. "I had no appetite and was so
week I could scarcely walk. My brea«t was
all sore with running sore*. I got two bottles
Dr. rterce's Golden Medical Discovery, which I
believe saved my life. I cannot e«pres» my
gratitude to j-ou. I am able now to do very
good work."
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser, in paper
covers, sent free on receipt of 21 one-
cent stamps to pay cost of mailing only.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
JYews of the Volunteers
MINNESOTA'S EXECUTIVE
ARRIVES WITH HIS STAFF
GOVERNOR JOHN LIND, WHO CAME TO MEET HIS TROOPS
GOVERNOR JOHN LIND of Minnesota, who loft his home with the J 1
intention of being here to welcome the troops from his State upon their ji
return from the Philippines, has at last arrived and is quartered at the
Occidental with the members of his staff. ,
The party arrived from the north this morning and were met by a *
delegation of their own people and escorted to the hotel. There another lot 8?
of officers from the Minnesota regiment had congregated and the Governor's JJ
appearance was the signal for a greeting which was an ovation. Shortly gj
after a magnificent breakfast was served and everybody sat down to discuss "
the good things and the good news that each had to communicate to
the other. *"
When seen yesterday and questioned as to the plans that had been £
proposed for the entertainment of the volunteers Governor Llnd said that gj
beyond free transportation home nothing definite had been decided upon.
That the men would be overwhelmed with courtesy at Minneapolis and St.
Paul and given at both places receptions which would live forever in the *
history of the State was a foregone conclusion, and the money necessary to 8?
carry these pageants to success had already been collected. But thu smaller JJ
details and minor particulars had yet to be drawn up. gj
Business permitting. President McKinley will be present at both functions, j.
There are about 150 students of the Minnesota State University in the "
regiment, and these men will be presented with medals by the university *<
commemorative of the sacrifices they have made for their flag. Possibly g<
the State, at the next meeting of the Legislature, will make provision for
a State medal to be given to every man who enlisted for the war with Spain.
Those with the Governor are: Generals George Lambert, Gustave Schoole, •<
Gjertsen and I.udwig, Colonels Hartley, Stanton, Hawthorne, Hawkins, S"
Bergmeir, Paulle. Bobleter and Van DrylL Beside these gentlemen there g>
are a number of ladies in the party, including the wife and daughter of the g<
Governor and a long list of civilians, relatives and friends of the soldiers Ci
and a number of newspaper men. ' t
Dickinson, namely, Colonels Cluff, Milea,
Barere and Huber.
The line of march was along Fifth street
to Market, to Golden Gate avenue, to Van
Ness avenue, and Lombard street to the
Presidio. On Van Ness avenue the cais
sons and the companies of Californians ,
were in two lines. At the Lombard-street
gate of the Presidio were gathered many
of the officers and men of the First Cali
fornia Regiment. The band of another |
regiment was just then playing a lively !
tune in the Presidio and cheers were
heard, but the sounds were hushed quick
ly. The dirge of the First California band
succeeded the rolling of the drums as the
procession moved sadly on to the ceme
tery
There were thousands of spectators
gathered around the riewly opened graves.
On the burial plats stocxl mute evidences j
of the love and memory of comrades and
friends of the fallen. A huge floral de
vice stood by the open grave of Captain
KJohter It told its own story in these
words: "Our beloved captain, First Cali
fornia Volunteers. At rest." Other de
vices were also there. By the grave of
Sergeant Justh were several floral de
vices. Two of these were American flags,
one from the company to which Sergeant
Justh belonged and the other from the
Foresters. On one were the words: "Rest,
brave Maurice." On the other was the
inscription, "Brave Maurice Justh."
The band led the way into the space
in which is the grave of Captain Richter. \
His official and other comrades and the
firing squad of the Thirteenth Minnesota
Volunteers followed. A great crowd i
pressed forward and gazed upon the
spectacle. The firing squad was at the |
east of the grave. The comrades of Cap- i
tain Richter were ranged around the sides ,
of a large inclosure described by the lines
of spectators. When the casket was taken
to the edge of the grave, followed by I
Mrs. Richter and her little family, the I
band played softly, "Nearer, My God, to
Thee." The services were very simple.
There was no eulogy. Rev. Charles M.
Daley, chaplain of the First South Da
kota Volunteers, read some passages of
Scripture:
"If Christ be not risen," he said, "then
your faith is in vain. If Christ be not ,
raised ye are not raised. There is a j
natural body and a spiritual body.- Behold
I show you a miracle." So he read on,
repeating the words that have given com
fort to k<> many at the brink of the grave.
The casket having been lowered, the
soldiers took their part in the services.
Thrice the firing squad volleyed across
the dead captain's grave. When the echoes
had died away 11. C. Pavson, the trum
peter of the old company in tho California
National Guard to which Captain Richter
belonged, now a bugler in the First Cali- j
fornia Volunteers, raised his bugle and
"taps" sounded, sweetly and pathetically
The mourners turned from the grave and
services were over.
At the National Cemetery the casket
containing the remains of Sergeant
Maurice Justh was lifted from its position
on the caisson and the pall bearers with
solemn tread moved toward Its last rest-
Ing place. Following in the wake of the
remains came Rabbi M. S. Levy, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Wehser; "William Wehser, Ser
geant of Company E, First California
Volunteers; George A. Lazar, United
States Navy, and G. Wehser, the only rel
atives? of the dead soldier in this part of
the country. Following them were the
members of Court Palo Alta. Foresters
of America, and the firing squad of four
teen men from Company A. Thirteenth
Minnesota Volunteers. Numerous friends
and spectators crowded around the grave
to witness tho ceremonies.
The casket was deposited on some sup
ports above the grave. Chief Ranger L,
J. Pinkson of Court Palo Alto read the
beautiful funeral service of the order and
on concluding "With the leaves of the
forest we leave you," deposited an ever
green on the lid of the coffin.
Dr Levy then took up his position .it
the head of the grave and solemnly read
the nineteenth Psalm. At the conclusion
of the reading, the rabbi delivered a
touching eulogy on the heroic soldier
whom he personally knew in life and to
whom he paid a beautiful tribute in
death Above the quiet of the cemetery
rose the voice of the speaker and as his
Ploouent and pathetic words of praise
were heard by those surrounding the
crave many wept. Dr. Levy took for hia
text ""O Lord, what is man that thou
nre mindful of him? and the son of man,
fhat thou visited him?" From this text
v,«» addressed the assembled multitude.
'•Comrades, citizens and friends." he
Mntd "the painful task has been assigned
tn me of committing the moral remains
r,f our departed comrade, Maurice Justh,
?o the earth whence It came. Be
fnrm doing so. I consider it my privilege
to- sneak of the loyalty and sincerity of
♦ his young man's life, commencing with
i'^ime he joined the army, of the faith
»r. which he was reared and in which has
been reared so large a percentage of those
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1599.
to be found in the First California Vol
unteers. The lesson of early youth, im
parted by his parents, to love the land
of his birth and to seek the welfare of
the land whither he might go, was beau
tifully illustrated in his response to the
call to arms— he having left a most lucra
tive position to take up his future in the
rank and file of army life.
"As a soldier he was brave, courageous,
loyal; in commercial life he was honest
and truthful and In domestic life compan
ionable, modest and loving. All these
traits were prominent in his character,
for which he was admired, honored and
respected."
The doctor referred to the deceased's
great love for soldier life, and of his oft
exprpssed wish prior to his leaving for
the Philippines, and while at the Philip
pines, that if he should die he be gi%'en
a soldier burial.
"In obedience to that expressed wish."
continued the doctor, "we have brought
him to the National Cemetery to-day,
where there is no distinction between Jew
and Gentile; where burial is given to the
honored dead of the nation.
' "You who are still in life may take
from the life and death of Maurice Justh
a lesson strongly to heart. Liove your
country with all your soul, with all your
heart and serve it under all conditions.
Be ready to give up your life as he the
first of the California Regiment gave up
his life in the service of the country that
he loved so dearly. You may still further
take to heart the great lesson of life that
when you die some noble deed, some good
thought, some loving action of loyalty to
the country In which you live may be left
behind in this world; that the world may
see Ihat it is not an idle boast that deeds
nre greater than words, action greater
than creeds. Because in this cemetery
the nation knows no creed. She only
cares for the man who will serve her
when she nerds his service, and he should
be as loyal and honest and noble to the
cause a-s was the life and death of
Maurice Justh."
The rabbi then concluded with a prayer
for the repose of his soul, that he might
be "bound in the bundle of eternal life,"
that God might be his inheritance and
paradise his reward. This the rabbi fol
lowed by reciting the committal service:
"For dust thou art and unto dust thou
must return, the body shall be given to
the earth from whence it came, the .spirit
shall return to God who gave It. Sleep in
peace, honored, beloved of the Lord."
The speaker then threw three handfuls
of earth on the coffin as it was lowered
Into the grave and then repeated
"Kadish." the solemn and beautiful
burial prayer of the Jew. The members
of Company A fired three volleys over the
grave and then "taps" was sounded uy
Regimental Bugler J. Aitken, and the
services were ended.
Among the handsome floral pieces at
the grave were two American nags, one
the tokpn of Court Palo Alto and the
other from the employes of Meyerstein ot
Co., where the deceased was employed
IT CURES WEAK MEN
TTTTJTT T"1 A fiT 17 OID
W jIILjj ADJjJjljJr
wlB Vsm You ad J ust the DR - SANDEN ELECTRIC
ty^St I^^^ }^^k BELT to the body when retiring and wear it all
M^^^'^m^l The Current Soothes
and strengthens, passing through Kidneys, Liver,
W^^^^^^^^& Stomach, Bladder, Prostate Gland and all weakened
parts, giving new strength. A positive cure for all
m^^^^^^g^^^> results of youthful errors or later excesses. Write to-
Wi^S^^W^ day for free book -explaining all, sent by mail sealed,
or call at office for free consultation.
HP nr ZX GiZ^lNlF^l^rSl 18 Third Street,
l^J'jr^* 1 V/Tl. ' I^^X^l A—^JL— /i • SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
= l Office Hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 11 to 1.
Arrival of Soldiers
for the Front.
prior to his enlistment. Rabbi M. S. Levy
sent a scythe of asters, and other friends
sent beautiful floral offerings.
TRANSPORT MOVEMENTS.
Uncle Sam Now Owns and
Has Under Charter Thirty-
Six Vessels.
The Government has arranged to send
away eighteen transports between the
15th Inst. and October 2, so there will be
busy times in the quartermaster 8 de
partment from now on. The Belgian
.King will lead the way. She is expected
to sail on Friday next with thirty-four
officers and 900 men. She will be fol
lowed on Saturday by the Aztec and the
Relief. The number of soldiers that the
Aztec is to take has not been decided
upon, but the Relief will not carry pas
sengers. On her arrival at Manila she
will be used as a hospital ship, taking
the convalescing men for short cruises
out to sea in order to fit them for the
voyage home.
On September IS the Grant will go out
with seventy-three officers and 1836 men.
and the next day the Centennial sails
with two officers and thirty-six men and
700 hon-es. The Tacoma with thirty-one
officers and 786 men will also go out on
the 19th inst., and on the 20th the George
W. Elder and the Sikh are expected to get
away. The Elder will Ake forty-six of
ficers and 612 men, and the Sikh twenty
five officers and 700 men.
On September 21 the Sherman and the
City of Rio de Janeiro are expected to ge.t
away. The Rio only got in from the
Orient on Sunday last, and in order to
get her away on the 21st inst, the worl"
of transforming her into a transport will
have to be rushed. Troops have not been
assigned to either of these vessels, but
the Sheridan, which is expected to get
away on September 24, will take sixty
eight officers and 1842 men. After that the
Glenogle will sail on the 27th, the Va
lencia and Charles Nelson on the 2Sth,
the Zealandln. and Hancock on the 29th,
the Lennox on October 1 and the Victoria
on October 2.
The Zealandla and Valencia are now out
twenty days from Manila with the First
Montana Volunteers, the naval trans
port Solace is out nineteen days with of
ficers and men from the fleet, the 'lartar
is out nine days with the Twentieth Kan
sas 'he Pennsylvania seven days with the
First Washington, and the Newport five
days with the signal corps and the
Nevada cavalry. The Wyefleld, Conne
maiitfh. Indiana and City of Para are still
at Manila, the Ohio is on her way to
Nagasaki to bring on the troops which
were aboard the stranded Morgan City,
I and 'he Senator arrived at Manila yes
terday. The following vessels are on
their way to Manila— the ship Tacoma
! and the steamers Siam and St. Paul with
horses, and the City of Sydney, City of
Pueblo, Warren and Port Albert with
troops. All in all Uncle Sam has thirty
'■ six transports carrying men, horses and
' supplies to the Philippines.
WORK FOR VOLUNTEERS
Committee Will Soon Begin
Systematic Action.
The soldiers' employment committee
j met yesterday afternoon at the headquar
ters tent and accomplished considerable
business.
C. S. Haley of Heald's Business College
offered twenty-five free scholarships to
the most worthy and physically incapac
itated of the discharged California Vol
unteers, the committee being the trib
unal which is to pass judgment and make
i the selection. The employment committee
j to a man was in favor of accepting the
offer and will recommend such action to
the executive -committee.
The committee recommended that Miss
'Garlic, the Red Cross nurse of the regi
! ment, be recompensed for her charitable
and benevolent services. If the execu
tive committee agrees she will rcelve $250,
which sum will go to the equipment nec
essary to carry on her profession as
j nurse.
At the camp to-day Colonel Duboce will
| issue a circular to all the companies re
! questing men wanting employment to
make known the fact. Books will then
be made out and the committee will be
gin systematic labors for the securing of
employment for the discharged men.
The following circular will be sent to
the retail buyers who come to San Fran
cisco for the purpose of purchasing goods
and supplies for country business:
Dear Sir— We are advised by the Manufactur
ers' and Wholesalers' League of your arrival
In this cl<y. and take the earliest opportun
ity to ask your earnest (••-operation and abie
assistance in procuring situations for the re
j turned California volunteers.
! These young men arrived from the Philip
j pines en August 23, and will be mustered out
! of the United States service on the 21st day
jof this month. Most of them enlisted in this
| city, but some came from nearly every county
In the State, and also from Nevada, Utah,
Idaho, Arizona and Montana. We are, there
fore, gratified to have this opportunity of ask
ing every merchant coming to this city under
the auspices of the Manufacturers' and Whole
i salers' League to assist in putting these S"!<!i-r
| boys into prosperous positions as Boon as they
| are discharged.
All applications for heir filed with our sec
retary at I'nlon Square tent, or with any mem
ber of this committee, will have careful and,
we hope, satisfactory attention. Our supply
of help coming from the California volunteers
is made up of laboring men, mechanics of
every trade nnd young men schooled in every
branch of business and professional life.
Should you or any of your friends be able
to give employment to one or more of these
splendid younK fellows who have shown their
mettle In their country's cau.^e, we believe
you will find your reward In the faithful serv
ice as well as the gratitude of every soldier
to whom you lend a helping hand. Yours very
truly. A. M. LAWRENCE, Chairman.
Telephone Main 909.
SOLDIERS' HIGH JINKS.
Company M of the First Cali-
fornia Volunteers to Be
Entertained.
Company M of the National Guard will
give a high jinks next Saturday night at
Page-street Armory in honor of Company
M, First California Volunteers. A splen
did programme of vocal and instrumental
i selections is now being prepared and re
i freshments will be served in abundance.
! A good time is assured to all who attend.
■ The details of the affair were decided on
:at a meeting .icld last night in Page
street Armory.
The following committee has been work
j ing untiringly to insure the success of the
I entertainment: George Ferris, M.
O'Keefe. I. Crosthwaite, Harry Spillman,
George Buhlinger, J. Tyson, \V. Muentner,
j Lieutenant Robert Cranston (chairman)
; and Emlle C. Stroth (secretary). A meet
j ing has been called for Wednesday night
I to make final arrangements.
TROOPS WILL BE
PLENTIFUL FOR
SOME MONTHS
Six More Regiments
on Their Way.
RECEPTION TO GOVERNOR LIND
MINNESOTA CAMP DECKED IN
GALA ATTIRE.
Changes Among the Officers of the
Various Commands at the
Presidio — Camp
Notes.
The last of the Thirtieth Infantry ar
rived at the Presidio yesterday morning,
and the whole regiment has gone into
camp in the old recruit quarters on the
hill near the Pacific-street entrance to
the post. The Thirtieth -will not remain
long, for it is booked to sail for Manila
on the transport Sherman, which is to
leave September 21. It was the intention
to send the Sherman away on the loth,
but repairs have delayed her until the
21st, and the Thirty-first Regiment, which
was to have sailed on the Sherman, has
been assigned to the Grant, which will
leave September 18. The Twenty-seventh,
which is also awaiting transportation, will
be divided between the steamer Tacoma
and the George W. Elder. The Tacoma
will sail on the 19th inst. and the Elder on
the 20th.
This would clear the Presidio of west
bound troops were it not for the fact that
the Twenty-sixth Infantry and the Thirty
third are now on their way here, and the
work of recruiting the battalion of the
Fortieth Infantry to be organized here
will begin in a few days. After that will
come the first of the new regiments to be
formed, so there will be no lack of troops
for some time to come.
The loss from the fire in the officers
quarters on Saturday morning has been
estimated at about $10, (JW. A board of
investigation consisting of Captain West
(Sixth Cavalry), Captain Bennett (Third
Artillery) and First. Lieutenant Gardener
(Third Artillery), has been assigned to
the case; but so far it has not been able
to discover what was the cause of the
fire. The flames started in a set of quar
ters which were unoccupied. It was dis
covered by one of the servants in the ad
joining quarters, who saw smoke curling
up from the empty rooms. The building
destroyed cannot be replaced for less than
$12,<X10, and there were repairs recently
made which cost $5000.
There was great excitement at the camp
of the Minnesota men yesterday after
noon. The committee of citizens of Min
nesota, now here to oversee the welcome
of the troops, decked itself out in its
badges and escorted Governor L.md out
to the Presidio, where he was received by
the regiment with a characteristic wel
come. With the Governor were several
members of his staff, besides General
Keeves and Mayor Gray of Minneapolis.
The regimental band was called up be
fore the headquarters and between sere
nades the members of the party were
asked to speak. Among those who re
ceived cheers was Colonel Ames, com
manding the regiment, and he was given
a double quantity before the men would
agree t<> quit.
Robert Lane, a recruit, who has been
in the hospital for some time, died yes
terday His trouble was bronchial asthma.
The et'le.ts of Lynn Carroll, Company
X, of the Minnesota regiment, were de
stroyed by the hospital authorities yes
terday. Carroll is now in the hospital
suffering from diphtheria. He was re
ceived Sunday, and yesterday morning
the hospital people sought out the tent
where he had been quartered, and taking
out all the effects they burned them. The
tent also will be destroyed unless, in the
judgment of the surgeons, there can be
found a means of thoroughly disinfect
ing it.
Surgeon Captain Isaac P. Ware, now
awaiting the decision of the retiring
hoard that has considered his case, has
been relieved from duty at the Presidio
and has been ordered to proceed to Beni
cla Barracks to await the outcome of
the hoard's investigations. The reason
for the order is that quarters are scarce
at the Presidio, particularly since the fire,
and the quarters now occupied by Ware
are needed by officers who are on duty.
Ware has been doing no duty since the
board was calTed to consider his retire
ment.
Captain Walter B. Elliott, Fortieth In
fantry, has been ordered to proceed to the
Presidio to assist in the organization of
the battalion of the Fortieth to be re
cruited there. Captain James J. Mayes
and Captain James C. France of the
Fortieth have also been ordered to the
same duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Andy Hall
has been assigned to duty aboard the
transport Aztec. Acting Assistant Sur
geon P. S. Kellogg has been assigned to
the transport Centennial.
♦
BANQUET TO COMPANY A
The members of Company A, First Cali
fornia Volunteers, will be entertained at
a banquet next Saturday night at the Cen
tral Dining Rooms on Ellis street. The
hosts will be the members of former com
panies A and E of the Third Regiment,
N. G. C, better known as the Emmet and
Wolfe Tone Guards.
At a meeting held last night in the Page
street Armory with Captain Robert
Cleary presiding, it was decided to issue
Invitations to Mayor Phelan, Senator
Perkins, Congressman Kahn, Colonel Du
boce, Colonel Charles Quinn and Colonel
J c O'Connor. The three Red Cross
nurses who returned with the regiment
from Manila will also be guests.
A string band will be in attendance and
a fine literary programme is being pre
pared. The menu cards will be unique in
design :md will contain a history of the
company and the names of its members
on the 'first and last pages. Captain
Cleary who was the first captain of the
Emmet Guard and served for twenty-two
consecutive years, will act as toastmastcr,
find an enjo"yable time is assured by the
committee having the affair in charge.
The committee will meet on Thursday
night to make final arrangements.
There will be a high jinks to-morrow
evening in Armory Hall for the en
tertainment of Companies C and G of the
First California Regiment. The affair
is in charge of the members and ex-mem
bers of the "Nationals," who could not
enlist at the time the two commands went
off hi the war.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOING UP!
$5 Per Share
OUR
STOCK
THE TALK OF THE TOWN
FROM $3 TO $5 SINGE
AUGUST I.
A record heretofore unprecedented
in the annals of industrial stocks.
We are sure to reach par value,
$io per share, by January, and
when we strike oil, which may be
almost any day after October i,
this stock will jump into the hun-
dreds.
ONLY A DAY OR TWO MORE,
All applications received now
will be filled at $4-5o per share.
Price goes to $5.00 when the pres-
ent 1000 shares are taken up.
Prospectus free, giving
"INSIDE INFORMATION."
Union Consolidated Oil and Trans-
portation Co.,
322-323 Parrott Bldg., San Francisco.
Oik land Offic, 460 Tentii St.
Open from 8 ;i. m. to 8 p. m. daily.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMF.T-RG, GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. IS9S, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $627,082 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in company's office 2,287 29
Cash In banks 61,737 S3
Certificates of deposits in hands of
United States Trustees 16,432 70
Interest due and accrued on bonds
I and stocks 10,007 96
, Premiums in due course of collection.. 74,013 43
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire ard Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid...
Total assets .$781,561 73
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted ai.d unpaid $ 1,828 56
Losses in process of adjustment or In
i suspense 50,421 02
Losses resisted, including expenses 5,812 50
Gross premiums on fire risks running
one year or less, $377,'J1f 99; rein-
surance 50 per cent 188,960 00
Gross premiums on fire risks running
more than one year, $212,339 43; re-
insurance pro rata 125,27146
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent
Total liabilities ....$372.293 54
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $549,772 03
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends on
bonds, stocks, loans, and from all
other sources 19.21S 24
Received from all other sources 21,305 45
Total Income .$590,295 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $ losses of previous
years) $322,438 81
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 143.408 05
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 31.453 15
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 9.212 19
All other payments and expenditures.. 44.359 SS
Total expenditures $550.902 08
Losses incurred during the year. fire.. 5329, 528 40
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during the
year $65,608,654 $719,048 77
Net amount of risks
expired during the
year 64.245,511 720.454 79
Net amount In force
December 31. IS9S 50.716,122 590,259 42
ADOLPH LOEB, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thij 26th
day of April. 1899.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
213 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
V. CARLS DRIFFIfcLD, Manager
S. DANKER, Assistant Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
STJ2S"
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up t
in cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company — $250,000 09
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1&8.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks t
and Bonds owned by Company.... 1,814.260 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 472 51
Cash in Banks :.. 170,952 85
Interest due and accrued on all t*^;^;'
Stocks and Loans 23,137 12
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,850 83
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tlon • 274,884 19
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 1.419 IT
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets ..$2.724.971 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,996 43
Losses in process of Adjustment or
Losses resisted. Including expenses 10,400 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lass, $961,523 12; .
re-insurance 50 per cent.... 480,761 M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,643,-
-119 27; re-Insurance pro rata 891,644 5
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ :
re-Insurance 100 per cent....;.....
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ : re-Insurance 50 per
Due" and 'accrued for salaries, rent; ,'J.I
etc ■ • 1,818 Of
All other 'demands against the Com-
pany ■■ 66,962 23
Total liabilities .$1.649.334 98
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
NeTcash 1 actually "received for Ma- " "
| Rec n e!ved 6 f n o 1 r U Tntere'st 'on ' Bonds' "and ?
i R«ei via* tor ' 'interest " and ' dividend
™ Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources •••• 79,883 40
Received for rents 10.042 40
Total income ..$1,678,263 43
EXPENDITURES.
; Net amount raid for Fire Losses
| (including $148,440 25, losses of pre- fmm
! Net°amoun[ S paVd ' for 'Marine' Losses'
1 (including $ losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders —
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Pal?" ffog^ g s e alaries." Fees' and other 10
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 96,^44 10
Paid for State. National and local ££•--
Another payment's "and" expenditure's m, 103 06
Total expenditures ..$1.506.010 94
Losses Incurred during the year $951.310 99
" Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. |Premlums.
I N w t ritt f^ O d U uring°the ylar $223,051.762 l | $1,954,133 00
N pfrld m d U urln| the S yea X : 222.386.701 2.124.513 75
N lTr a ?l! %r.Z^:. 306,707.991 2.609,642 39
J. J. GUILE. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of January. 1899. p c
Commissioner for California in New York.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents Pacific Department,
OFFICE - - - - 213-215 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Main 5968.
LESLIE A. WRIGHT,
Assistant General Agent.
i „ .
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LIV~ERPtX3L. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898, and for the
I year ending on that day, as made to the In-
! surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
n ia pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 610
1 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
t CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ■ ■ $500.000 00
ASSETS, ~~ ~
rash Market Value of all Stocks and
C Bonds owned by Company $1,241,085 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
nt Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 4.000 00
Cash in Banks • ■• 134, 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ..... 14,10 a 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tl on 135.a03 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 7,816 00
Stamps on hand .. •• 1.032 00
Total Assets $1.541,101
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense .•■■-• # "V" ♦ ZO9 - 150 °°
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent............. 144.575 00
All other demands against the Com-
pany •• 2 '' oa2 00
Total Liabilities ■■ $350.777 00
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums '."¥.".!'■"£' ♦° 18 ' I ' s TO
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 3. .551 00
Total Income $555.736 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. $118,726 00
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5............. 50,000 00
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 40.846 90
Paid for State. National and local
Another payments and expend!-
tures "J
Total Expenditures $516,795 00
Marine.
Losses incurred during the year..... $462,35100
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
yVa"^...^."*.-." 6 $79,583,345 $463,102 00
Net amount of Risks
prnlred during the
"£ r . . . -°." • • • 80.856,135 472,92200
Vpt amount In force
December 31. 1835.... 8,163.615 144.575 00
___ J. WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2d
day of February, 1899. " W. J. SULIS.
U. S. Vice Consul.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
TELEPHONE 5968.
56
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 12, 1899
John d. SFRECKELS,
Address A!! Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISBB.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187*.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER "WEEK.
Blntle Copies, B cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL {Including f-nndny Call), one year ?6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). « months 3.00
I Aii.Y CALL, (ir.clurtlngr Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.80
PAILY CALL— By Single Month ♦* Bo
SUNDAY CALL One Tear 1 -3«
WEEKLY CALL One Ycnr 1 09
All postmasters are author!i«d to recelrj aubscrlptlons.
bample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
1 C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Menage* Foreign Advertising, Morquottc BuUdtnft,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT »
C C. CARLTON Herald ©quart
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERSY UJKEN6 dR 29 Trlbone Betiding
CHICAGO NEWS* STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. News Co.; Great Northern Bot«(|
Fremont Hods*; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaao, SI Union Equant
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHUKCTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
*, I*. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 300 Hayes street open until
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister »tr«et. open until 9:33
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock '09«
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tivoll- "Othello."
Alcazar- "The Wases of Sin."
Grand Opera-lioute "Fatlnltxa."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olymrla, corner Mason and Ellis streets — Specialties.
Sherman-Clay Hall—Ballad Concert, this «vening\
Sutro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
h: t. ________________________________________
AUCTION SALES.
By Kastr.n, Kldrldee * Co.— This day, a.t 12 o'clock, Real
Estate, at 638 M.irket street.
THE NEW GRAND JURY.
\ MTH the impanelment of a new Grand Jury
\ \ / there ence more revives a hope on the part of
■ * the people that corruption in office will be
bare, dishonesty exposed and the wrongdoers
indicted, prosecuted and convicted. Such
hopes arise with each successive Grand Jury, and
te the frequent disappointments of the past they
sanguine and earnestly expectant.
It i- the belief of the people that sooner or later we
have a Grand Jury that will not be easily turned
by seeming difficulties in the way of obtaining
legal evidence to convict guilty officials of whose
there is a moral certainty. When cor
ruptioti becomes so open and notorious as to be the
■ I common talk, there must be some way of
to light the facts of the case and proving
in a court of justice. When bribery, the sale of
age, unlawful collusion between offi
ders for municipal contracts and other
forms of malfeasance in office become intolerable, the
mand action on the part of the law officers
ppression of the* wrong and the punishment
(Tenders. Such a condition prevails in San Fran
time, and it is for that reason the im
the new Grand Jury is noted with satis
m.
The late Grand Jury retired from office after filing
a report in which it was stated the members were
lly certain of the prevalence of corrupt practices
in s trtments of the municipal and county
nistration, but were unable to obtain evidence to
C< nvict any one. It was a good Grand Jury, but it
did nothing. The people now expect to find in the
new panei a good Grand Jury that will do a great deal.
It may be difficult to get evidence against rascals, but
it is not impossible. No band of official knaves was
ever so cunning as to be able to completely conceal
Frauds., Corrupt officials have been
convicted again and again in other cities under vir
. the same laws as ours, and what has been done
I ere can be done here. /
The Call has already set before the new Grand
Jurj a matter which demands its investigation. It has
pointed out that Dr. H. E. Gedge. chairman of the
ply committee of the School Board, has informed
at least one reputable citizen that he received $2000
for permitting the specifications for bids for school
supplies to be changed in the interest of a particular
firm, and has also said that of the sum received he
to his fello-.v-committeeman, J. J. Conlon,
who. he alleges, agreed to the fraud and was a party
tr, it. Thf protnpi investigation of that case is im
peral t »ould appear that evidence sufficient
t<. convict in a court of justice can be obtained if the
Grand Jury unflinchingly and pcrseveringly seek it,
regardless of any consequences save those of justice.
We cite that c.sc because it is now a part of the
current news of the day. It does not stand alone.
The late < '■rarvi Jury claimed to have been morally
certain of guilt elsewhere, but could find no legal evi
dence. It is the duty of the new Grand Jury to seek
that evidence. Something more than a general re
port of condemnation and expressions of moral cer
tainty are expected of the present body. The people
demand that something be done.
The press censor at Manila has refused permission
to the correspondents to telegraph the important in
formation that many of the men in General Mac-
Arthur's division are ill. The censor probably wanted
to simplify his duties by sending the news in the list
!•;' deaths.
In his speech at Sacramento that distinguished
gentleman. *Mf. Bryan, remarked that if a hog were
turned loose, even if valued at but "a dollar or two."
some one would take it in. We note that Mr. Bryan
is still at large.
The ambitious effort of the bookmaking blacklegs
ilito i" make Colmd a pirate town certainly
,ne merit. It is unparalleled in the his
:' the Stale as an act of indecent impudence.
Gold ha« been found. so the dispatches announce,
n'v. Crooked Creek. Sonic of the worthy members of
the Board of Education ought to buy a map.
Another Filipino captain has been captured. Every
little counts, but there appears to be a few left.
LINCOLN ON MONARCHY.
IN his speech in this city Mr. Bryan took pains to
introduce himself to the party Mahatmas present
as the reincarnation of Jefferson and Lincoln. He
represented the Republicans as celebrating the birth
day of Thomas Jefferson, in Boston in 185Q, and
Lincoln writing them a letter in which he said the
Republican party believed in the m:tn above the dol
! lar. The anti-slavery people of Boston did celebrate
Jefferson's birthday in 1859. in honor of Jefferson's
I opposition to slavery, discussing which he had said:
"I tremble for my country when I remember that
God is just." Lincoln discussed the ownership of
man as a chattel slave for the profit of his labor. The !
dollar was the coin that bought human flesh and com
pelted the toil of slaves who had no share in the
wealth they produced.
Continuing Mr. Bryan said: "That was the doc
trine of Lincoln, and in the early days of his ad- :
ministration he sent to Congress a message, and in j
that message he warned his countrymen against the ;
approach of monarchy. What alarmed him, he stated
in that message, was the attempt to put capital upon
an equal footing if not above labor in the structure j
of the Government and in that he saw the danger of ■
! returning monarchy." Nothing can better serve to j
; illustrate either Mr. Bryan's carelessness of facts or
I his intellectual dishonesty than this juggled quota
tion from Lincoln.
In his first regular message to Congress, delivered j
! December 3, 1801. Mr. Lincoln discussed the origin of ,
I the rebellion and the state of the military operations H
I had forced upon 'the Government, and then entered ,
j upon an examination of certain principles involved :
J and the difference between the tendencies exhibited by :
j the people of the South and those of the North. Upon ,
this he said: "It continues to develop that the insur- '
i rection is largely, if not exclusively, a war upon the ;
first principles of popular government— the rights of ;
' the people. Conclusive evidence of this is found in \
I the most grave and maturely considered public docu
ments as well as in the general tone of the insurgents. 1
In those documents we find the abridgment of the ;
existing right of suffrage and the denial to the people
all rights to participate in the selection of public
officers except the legislative boldly advocated, with
labored arguments to prove that large control of
the people in government is the source of all political
evil. Monarchy itself is sometimes hinted at as a pos- !
sible refuge from the power of the people. In my
present position I could scarcely be justified were I to
omit raising a warning voice against this approach
of returning of despotism." Then followed a di?
cussion of the origin of this symptom observed by
j Lincoln as existing in the Southern Confederacy.
{ which he found in the desire of the slave-holding
States to have the dollar own the man.
Now, what must one think of Mr. Bryan's honesty
in the light of his misrepresentation of Lincoln? It
was in the South, among the present supporters of
Mr. Bryan, without whom he could not have reached
the nomination in 1896 and cannot reach it again, that
1 Mr. Lincoln found signs of the approach of mon- ■
archy. Bryan drew a considerable part of his speech '•■
from this palpable misstatement. Lincoln was draw
ing attention to a condition developed in the Demo
cratic States of the South, then in rebellion against j
the Union, where a monarchical spirit had been fos- j
tered by the ownership of chattel slaves. He made no
reference to the North nor to any tendency in the free :
i States, where labor owned itself and its earnings. Yet
1 Mr. Bryan represents him as "warning his country- !
j men against the approach of monarchy, and fright
ened at the attempt then in its inception to place
capital upon an equal footing with labor in the struc
ture of the Government!"
The only government Lincoln had in mind was the
rebel government, founded on slavery, dedicated to i
the ownership of man by the dollar, in which there j
i should be no free labor. Against that government !
and its structure Mr. Lincoln was making war, and
he continued to its overthrow. Its hosts were over
thrown, its hopes defeated, its purposes destroyed and
those who cherished them were scattered, to make
their next rally in support of Mr. Bryan. They con
j tinue to declare that their cause, characterized by Mr.
Lincoln in 1861 as the return of monarchy, was a just
cause, and they seem to select Mr. Bryan as its latest
representative.
Every thoughtful man sees that if Mr. Bryan had I
quoted Mr. Lincoln truthfully, and had let his audi- \
ence know that the message named the Southern '
Confederacy as the seat of avowed monarchical ten
dencies, a considerable part of his speech would :
I have been hissed instead of cheered by his audience,
which was not one to listen patiently to what it would
have considered abuse of the late Confederacy.
If there is any value in what Lincoln said it is in
the fact that he warned the country of an attempt of
the Democratic party in the South to expel the people
from power and establish a monarchy.
The misuse made of it by Mr. Bryan is therefore '
dishonest to a degree that impeaches his morality and
I marks him an unsafe public teacher and a trcky
j leader.
I _
Enthusiastic New Yorkers intend to petition the
French Government to pardon Dreyfus. If any no
i tice is taken of the petition it will probably be that the
French Government is quite able and perfectly satis
fied to attend to its own affairs.
M. Franris, one of the editors of the Paris Figaro,
says France changes her Cabinets as we take off and
I put on our coats. The distinguished Frenchman must
I believe that there is a deal of fuss and feathers in our
i dressing.
BOYCOTTING FRANCE.
THE Dreyfus verdict has a momentary effect
disastrous to France. The whole world ha;
been lured and enchanted by the preparations
made for the great industrial exposition set for next
year in Paris. It has been planned on a more ex
tensive scale than heretofore known. France had de
termined that it should not only be an exposition of
the world's progress in industry, science, art and
knowledge, up to date, but should be such a spectacle
as to invite to Paris millions of money-spending
visitors. No nation understands spectacular art and
its value as thoroughly as France, and she has coined
profits out of it, not only on the occasion of these
great expositions, but by continuous attention to the
creation of every charm that can attract the stranger.
Whether this feature in the Parisian exposition de
tracts from its economic value or not, it serves its in
tended purpose and leaves in France hundreds of
millions of money.
If the Dreyfus verdict destroy the charms of next
year's exposition, and nations intending to be pres
ent boycott and withdraw, the loss in money to the
French people will be enormous.
There is no doubt that Germany is keenly affronted
by the verdict at Rennes. In every possible way it
had been made known, on the word and honor of the
Kaiser himself, that his Government had had no deal
ings with Dreyfus, had received from him no informa
tion in violation of his duty as a soldier and a French
man nor any other kind of information. It was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. 1899.
naturally expected that this German disavowal would
affect the court-martial, since the charge against
j Dreyfus gained its gravity because it assumed that he
had betrayed the military secrets of his country to
| Germany as an enemy of France.
To have accepted the German disavowal was to go
i a long step toward re-establishing cordiality between
\ the two countries. The Kaiser had announced his in
' tention to visit Paris during the exposition, and his
'■. presence there would have furthered the French pur
pose to provide every attraction that could add to the
,' pageantry of that occasion. Now, of course, he will
; not go. The Austrian Government takes sides with
■ him. Even Russia is profoundly stirred. The astute
J Muscovite feels keenly the error of an apparent mis
carriage of justice. Russia's French ally has made a
mistake, a disastrous and weakening blunder, and has
therefore diluted the importance of the alliance to
Russia. Italy, as a member of the Dreibund, will un
i doubtedly sympathize with Germany and Austria.
. The activity of the Jesuit party against Dreyfus has
rekindled the embers of aversion between the Italian
state and church, and has not affected favorably the
internal peace of Humbert's Government.
England is not pleased. The Fashoda incident and
i national rivalry in Africa have cast a shadow upon
| the relations of the two countries, and England, like j
Russia, abates any good opinion she may have cher
ished for her neighbor.
The discussion of the trial and the verdict reveals
■ everywhere the rising respect for the orderly processes
of the law. The apparent disregard of the rules of
evidence at Rennes, and the awful condemnation of a
man whose guilt was not proved according to any
civilized rule for getting at guilt by the taking and
• weighing of evidence, have seemed to pass a gloom
, over the modern world such as comes with the pro
found shadow of a total eclipse of the sun.
In the present temper of the nations the first effect
: of the verdict threatens to be the failure of the great
; exposition. If this result is realized it will be put
among the causes that men will plead for a revolu
tion in France. The Government of President
' Loubet will now be profoundly tested. Just what are
his authorized resources for averting the force of the
; blow the outside world does not fully comprehend.
i The extent of his executive jurisdiction over the case
after the court-martial drops it with the sentence is
not clearly marked out in the constitution of the re
i public.
He may find a way to save his countrymen from
the consequences invoked by their passionate course,
and if he do it will place him among the world's lors
' most statesmen. To do justice to a probably innocent
nvin, save his country from revolution and reinstate
her in the world's respect is a task calling for the
highest statesmanship, and the nations will wish him
'■ well as he enters upon it.
An incorrigible young Oakland thief complains bit
terly that the officers prevented him from killing him
stlf. He has just cause for protest. He should have
been permitted to accomplish perhaps the only laud
able purpose in his nature.
The police of Paris seem determined to occupy the
i center of the stage of public interest even if they have
ito play the part of fools. Their siege of the agitator
Guerin would be absurd in the nonsense of a farce
' comedy.
THE GAMBLERS AT COLMA.
REPORTS from Colma are to the effect that the
gamblers have by no means abandoned their
scheme for incorporating a town in that dis
trict and making it headquarters for their gambling
i hells. The exposure of the scheme by The Call
! directed to it the attention of the people of the county
and at once there was an outburst of indignation and
earnest protest against the nefarious plan. Before
that expression of popular sentiment the gamblers re
: coiled, but they did .not retreat. It appears they are
but waiting for the storm to blow over and in the
meantime are quietly but persistently working to win
over to their side as many of the more credulous resi
dents of Colma and the vicinity as they can.
In a contest of this kind the people must be con
tinuously watchful. The gambling trade is nefarious,
but it is profitable. There are thousands of dollars to
■ be made by any set of men who can get a chance to
; maintain anywhere within the vicinity of San Fran
cisco poolrooms and other gambling devices open to
the public and free from police surveillance. When
the Ingleside track gamblers had their races and pool
rooms running in full blast they had something like a
bonanza, and thousands of dupes, women as well as
men, contributed to their enrichment.
Where so much money is to be made without risk
i and without the exercise of industry or of skill there
j are sure to be many unscrupulous men eager to take
advantage of it. They can afford to work a long time
on the scheme and they can afford to pay out large
sums for the concessions they wish. Even if one set
of gamblers abandon the scheme another set will
come forward to take it up. The contest against
gambling is, in fact, one that goes on from generation
to generation, and the attention of the gamblers be-
I ing now directed to Colma, the residents of that at
tractive suburb will have to be on guard continu
ously.
The tactics now adopted by the schemers is that of
dividing public sentiment at Colma and arraying one
set of residents against another. Should they succeed
in doing so it will be easy to make the contest appear
as a local controversy over incorporation, in which
the residents of other sections of San Mateo County
have no interest. T?y such means they hope to con
ceal their own activity in the matter and lead the pub
lic to believe that no question of gambling is involved.
Such tactics are cunning. They will be used to the
utmost to get the Supervisors to call an election on
the issue. When the election is called the gamblers
and all their political push will show themselves. The
genuine residents of the district will be overwhelm
ingly outvoted. The danger, it will be seen, is still
menacing. The people of San Mateo must be on
j guard and see to it that the Supervisors stand firmly
j against the efforts to corrupt the community.
There have been many people unkind enough to
say that San Francisco is jay, particularly with re
gard to fashion. They will have to take it all back
now. A cat belonging to a local milliner got into
the show window the other night and was so deceived
by the birds and plumage designed for female adorn
ment that she destroyed $100 worth in an effort to
obtain a toothsome meal. After that it would seem
that San Francisco is up to date on millinery, at any
rate.
Oakland is to have an exhibition this week of bird
less hats. The local milliner whose pet cat played
havoc with every stuffed bird in a valuable collection
of bonnets is certainly qualified to deliver a feeling
address on the subject.
In an answer to a suit filed against it for damages
the other day the Southern Pacific denies practically
everything except the interesting fact that it is still
on earth and a menace to its patrons.
A SHIP OF THE DESERT IN HARNESS.
In many of the Australasian colonies the camel is to a largo extent used for all kinrls of transportation. While in Africa
and Turkey and Asia poods are generally transported on camels' backs, In Australia, and especially in the colony of West
ern Australia, tho camel is mostly "harnessed," and has to do the same work as any other rlraft animal. The illustration
shows such a "ship of the desert" in harness used in the streets of Kilgoolie, the center and chief city of the flourishing gold
mining districts of Western Australia.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Mr. and Mrs. James L. Flood are at the
Palace.
Judge Edwin Swinford is registered at
the <'alifornla from his home in Colusa.
V. a. Frost, an attorney of Merced, is
among the recent arrivals at the Lick.
John McMallin has come down from
Fresno and is staying at the Occidental.
J. M. Pock, a real estate man and cap
italist of Stockton, is registered at the
Grand.
Baron Leo yon Rosenberg, a German
nobleman, is registered at the Palace,
from New York.
George E. Goodman, a wealthy banker
of Napa, is among last night's arrivals
at the Palace.
H. H. Hunter, the Redding mining cap
italist, is a guest at the Grand, where
he arrived yesterday.
W. C. Kiesel, a leading merchant of San
Diego, is registered at the California on
a business trip to this city.
W. Forsyth. the Fresno vineyardist and
capitalist, has come down to the city and
is a guest at the Occidental.
Ohson li. Sakuraia. a newspaper man
of Tokio, left last night for an extended
visit to the East and Europe.
Drury Melone is down from his home
at Oak Knoll on a short business trip to
the city and is staying at the Pnlaee.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward N. Camp, two
prominent society people of Chicago, are
among the late arrivals at the Palace.
Frank Barrett of Palo Alto, who is
largely interested in the oil lands of the
southern part of the State, is a guest at
the Lick.
Among those who arrived in the city
yesterday and went to the Russ was
Thornton Williams, a leading merchant of
San Diego.
At the Occidental are registered a num
ber of officers of the Fortieth Infantry
and a number of the Minnesota officers
who are accompanied by their wives.
Among the passengers who arrived on
the City of Rio ia Rev. Sdhada, who is a
master of literature in Tokio. He comes
to establish a Buddhist mission in this
country.
J. H. Perry, a lucky mining- man from
Cape Nome, is registered at the Palace.
Colonel J. T. Harrington, a prominent
attorney and politician of Colusu, is a
guest at the Lick.
The Southern Pacific passenger train
No. 10, which was looted by Arizona
bandits last Saturday night, arrived here
last evening. It brought about two
hundred merchants from El Paso and in
termediate points who have taken ad
vantage of the wholesalers' excursion to
make a visit to San Francisco. They are
scattered around among the various
hotels.
"Billy" Barnes,
ex-District Attor
ney, captain of
the Fifth Califor
n i a Regiment,
United States
Volunteers; Na
tive Son of the
t THE NARROW
ESCAPE
OF "BILLY"
BARNES.
"^ Golden West,
I gourmet, hail-fellow-well-met and other
things too numerous to mention, came
near to having "lately deceased" and "re
mains" added to his other titles. And the
best of It is the death he so narrowly es
caped was that of a burglar and general
; all-around criminal, litre is the story of
| the gallant captain's adventure:
Barnes had been retained in the Mitchell
murder case at Colma, and his presence
was necessary at the preliminary examin
ation of the defendant.
He telegraphed to his father-in-law, D.
IC. Delmas, that he would pass the night
at the Delmas home in Mountain View
and then dismissed the matter of lodging
from liis mind. He passed the early part
of the evening in convivial pursuits in
this city, taking the owl train down to
the country. He arrived at Mountain
View in comparatively good condition and
walked out to the Delmas residence. But
upon arriving there he found the house
dark and deserted. No. one was at home.
Billy figured on the proposition for a little
i while. He remembered the many valuable
| hints he had received from professionals
1 during his career as District Attorney,
but, unfortunately, the men who had
1 given them to him were of smaller bodily
habit than the corpulent Native Son of
the Golden West. Suddenly, however, he
remembered some large double windows
th.it opened on the porch, and prying
these open he was soon inside. The niai
j ter of linding a bed and turning into it
Was only a minor detail and soon accom-
I pllshed.
A little while nftf>rwnrd Paul Dolmns,
who had been attending a small-and-early
I down the road, returned to the parental
roof filled with the • xuberance of youth,
the glory of the night and a mixture of
various florid decoctions. He walked up
1 to the house and noticed the open window.
He at once thought that the place had
been entered by burglars who had ran
sacked it and left. As they had left he
decided to enter. So with a gun in one
hand and a candle in the other he pro
ceeded to Investigate. His shoes made
some noise on the stairs, and this noise
awakened the slumbering Billy. "Ha!"
said he, "burglars! I will escape while
yet there Is time." So softly he stole
from his bed and toward the door of his
room. Opening it suddenly, he came face
to face with his armed brother-in-law.
There was a dual gasp for breath and
then two rigid forms were stretched upon
the carpet. They had both fainted.
Examiner Methods.
Frrsno Republican.
The Examiner, raking its cue (mm the
recent fatal ending of a San Francisco
prize fight, violently denounces the bru
tality of the prize ring and berates the
lawmakers who have given it semi-legai
recognition. Yet the Examiner has done j
more than any one other influence to de- j
velbp prize fighting. The popularity and I
lucrativeness of prize fighting is purely a j
matter of newspaper advertising. The ;
Examiner has taken the initiative in the !
recent development pi free advertising I
which alone has given the ring its finan- i
cial standing. One-half of this free ad
vertising given to the cockpit would soon i
raise the value of a good gamecock to I
several thousand dollars. We do not ob
ject to the justice of the Examiner's de
nunciations but to the competency of the
Examiner to make them.
Where Gaffe Is Saved Trouble
Tkiah lilpi'iitoh-Ppmnern
The San Francisco Call at regular inter
vals jumps all over his Excellency. EJenry
Theophiltra Narrow Gage, f"r taking or
ders from William Franklin Herrin and
colonel Daniel Mazuma Barns. The Call
Intimates that the little man on the banks
of the Sacramento is making an ass of
himself. Oh, no. he isn't. The Lord has
saved him the trouble.
The Call Secures a Triumph.
Los Angeles Times.
The Call this afternoon scored a tri
umph in the development of wireless
telegraphy in connection with the Sher
man's arrival. Receiving stations had
been established at the Cliff House and
on a lightship nine miles out, and when
the news came by this wireless system
that "the Sherma'n is in sight" it was
booh followed by the cheering Intelligence,
received in the same way, "All well on
board."
In the Narrow Gage Class.
Del Norte Recor
Governor Gage, with the same char
acteristics that have marked his acts
since taking office, tried to interfere at
the last moment with the reception com
mittee, formed at San Francisco to
greet returning volunteers. All his acts
are that of a very narrow Gage man.
LATEST STORIES
of the
FUNNY MAN.
Why It Didn't Suit Her.
"No," said the v. low of the waiter, ad
dressing the tombstone man, "I will not
accept this monument. I do not care to
advertise my poor, dear Henry's business
over his grave."
"Why, madam," the rran asked, "what's
wrong with the stone? It's one of the
best we have in stock for the price."
"I don't care." she declared. "I won't
have it, with that lamb on top and under
it them words: 'Well done, thou good and
faithful servant.' A person might think
he had juat taken an order for a mutton
chop."— Chicago Times-Herald.
He— l am rather more in favor of the
English than the American mode of spell
ing.
She— Yes?
"Yes, indeed. Take 'parlour. 1 , for in
j stance; having 'v' in it makes all the
difference in the world."— Boston Christian
Register.
Those who know old Mr. Wilson of this
place personally will regret to hear that
he was assaulted in a brutal manner last
week, but was not killed.— Country Week
ly.
An inmate of a Scotch lunatic asylum
was visited by a relative, who asked if the
clock In the room was right. "If it had
been a' richt dae ye think it wad ha' been
here?"—
Teacher— Mary, make a sentence with
"dogma" as subject.
Mary (after careful thought)— The dog
ma has three puppies.
The apex of "plainness" seems to have
been attained by an old gentleman "down
East."
"Why." said one of his friends, "he was
fo homely that when he made up a face
: he was handsomer than he was at other
times."— Youth's Companion.
At a recent duel the parties discharged
their pistols without effect, whereupon
one of the seconds interposed and pro
posed that the combatants should shake
hands. To this the other second objected
as unnecessary. "Their hands," said he,
"have been shaking for a half-hour. 1 '
"Some men have the best luck!"
"How so?"
"There's Mclntosh. for instance; ice
cream gives his girl neuralgia."— Chicago
Record.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V CAlTwrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
COMING HERE TO BUY.
Merchants From the South Come on
Manufacturers' Excursions.
Among the arrivals on the Southern
overland yesterday were a large number
of merchants from Texas, New Mexico,
Arizona and the southern part of the
I State, coming here to make their fall
j purchases of goods. They are excurslon
-1 lsts who have taken advantage of the
offer of the Manufacturers 1 and Whole
i salers' League, which offers transporta
; tion, hotel and amusenv.n' rates to buyers
;at half the usual charges. The purpose
of these inducements is to have the coun
try merchants buy their goods in this city
and State instead of sending to the Bast
: for the same. Heretofore much of the
business of tho West has been done with
i Eastern houses, and Western manufactur
ers have suffered not a little by this dis
j crimination.
It was determined to secure some of
this trade, and in making the attempt the
local body has "reached well out into the
territory which the Eastern houses may
be of the opinion is theirs. Montana
[daho, T'tah and Washington have gone
away well satisfied with their bargains
Now come Texas. New Mexico, Arizona
and the southern part of California to buy
I in the city by the Golden Gate. There wiil
| be several other excursions before the
season is over and the promoters of the
project feel that they will be well repaid
for the enterprise.
SODA OF CELERY HARMLESS.
Charles Hutchinson's Death Was Due
to a Disease of the Brain.
Chemist Crackbon reported to Coroner
Hill yesterday that there were no poison
ous substances In the "Soda of Celery"
which Charles E. Hutchinson had been
taking to cure a headache just before he
died. September 7, at the laborers' camn
on Nineteenth avenue, between X ana
L streets. The harmlessness of Soda of
Celery was also testified to by Dr Sliver
mon and Dr. Bradley Plymier The au
topsy showed that death had been caused
by hemorrhage of the brain, and the tes
timony developed the fact that the de
ceased had suffered from headache for a
long while— the result of the disease. The
jury rendered ;i verdict of death from
natural causes.
A representative of the Ferry Drug
Company, which pal up the Soda of Cel
ery, swallowed a triple dose left in the
bottle from which the medicine had been
taken by Hutchlnson. This was done in
order to show the Coroner and the jury
that the preparation is not harmful.
HEALTH OFFICERS CLASH.
Inspector Gans and Surgeon O'Rourke
Differ About Immature Veal.
There is a clash between Market In
spector Gans on one side and Veterinary
Surgeon O'Rourke and Officer Butter
worth on the other, and it may be neces
sary for the Health Board to take a hand
in the controversy to arrive at a satisfac
tory settlement,
It is all caused by the arrest of Jesse
Meyer by O'Rourke and Butterwnrth last
I Thursday. Meyer was apprehended on the
■ Mission road as he was bringing in a load
inf veal. O'Rourke pronounced the calves
i immature and two charges were placed
against Meyers, one of having immature
veal in his possession and the other of
slaughtering outside the limits.
Gans visited the t ity Prison where the
two calves were held as evidence and. on
examination, pronounced them whole-
Borne. In the face of this, however, J. C.
Witt, a rancher of San Mateo. says that
he sold the live calves to Meyer when
they were only three days old. They
were slaughtered by Meyer on the day he
bought them.
Gans claims that O'Rourke is invading
his official domain, while the latter de
clares that if Gans s^ys that the two
calves in question are over three days old
hi is not competent to perform his duties
and should produce some valid reasons for
his conclusion.
The case will not come up until the lat
ter part of the week, when Judge Conlan
will decide between the opposing Health
em pi (■' \ es.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CARBONATE OF LIME— A. S.. Fa
mosa Kern County. CaL Hydrochloric
acid will dissolve carbonate of lime.
CENTURY— Subscriber, City. If you
live until the Ist day of January. 1901. you
will witness the ushering in of the twen
tieth century.
HALF-DOLLAR OF I^34— Stockton Sub
scriber, Cal. A half dollar of 1834 does
not command a premium. Such can be
purchased from dealers for 75 cents each.
TWO HALF-DOLLARS— An Old Sub
scriber, Cit. Half dollars of ISI2 and of
IS2B do not command any premium. The
former are offered for ?1 and the latter for
\". cents each.
A MISSING PERSON— A Subscriber,
Pacific Grove, Cal. If you wish to learn
about a person who has disappeared and
was last heard of in San Francisco, write
a full explanation to the Chief of Police.
SOLO— T. H., San Andreas, Cal. As the
correspondent does not state what was
trumps and under what rules the fame
i;f solo, about which a question was
raised, was played the question cannot be
answered, as there are several ways of
playing that game.
WHY THE NINETEENTH Old Sub
scriber, East Oakland, Cal. "Why is this
called the nineteenth century? We have
been debating this for some time and
would like to have it explained through
Answers to Correspondents,"' writes this
correspondent. There is but little ex
planation necessary. As soon as 100 years
had elapsed the first century closed", and
with the year 101 commenced the second
century and then the year 201 became the
beginning of the third century and so on
down the line up to the present time,
when the year 1801 became the first of the
nineteenth century.
MAJOR GENERAL AND BRIGADIER
— E., City. In the National Guard the
major genera] ranks next to the Governor,
who is Commander-in-chief. The adjutant
genera] on the staff of the commander-in
chief ranks as a brigadier general, but
be has no authority of his own volition to
issue any order to the major general. If
he gives any orders to the major general
be does so as emanating from the cora
mander-in-chief, delivering them just the
same as an aid, orderly or messenger
! would. But the brigadier general would
be bound to obey any order Issued by the
major general, despite the fact that he
! is adjutant, general.
STOCKS AND BONDS— L. E., Eureka,
Cal. Stocks can be sold at any time at
market value. Bonds are redeemable at
par. Assessments may be called for from
those who hold railroad or other stocks
in California and Nevada. There are
■ some States wh,ere such a rule does not
prevail. San Francisco brokers charge
one-half of one per cent on sale and pur
chase of stocks when the amount involved
is in excess of $'2<*i. On all transactions
under that amount the price is $1. A
stockholder is liable foT all expenses. The
holder of -shares of stock does not part
ownership of ins property because the
stock goes down so low that the stock
is no longer quoted on the market.
DEFACING COlN— Subscriber. Mare
;. 8., VaH-'jo. Cal. The Federal law
says on the subject of defacing coin:
"Every person who fraudulently, by any
art, way or means defaces, mutilates.
Impairs, diminishes, falsifies. . scales or
lightens the gold or silver coin which has
or may hereafter be coined at the
mints Of the United States, or any foreign
gold or silver coins which are by law
made current or are in actual use or cir
culation as money within the I'nitetl
Suu. .-. shall be Imprisoned for not more
than two years ami fined not more than
$2800." A man may have a number of
coii s of the I'nited States or coins such as
described in the section of the- law quoted,
and if he feels inclined to have the same
melted tor the purpose of converting such
into either bullion o-r jewelry he is per
fectly Tree to (to so. The money, if he
came by it legitimately, is his own and
he is at liberty to do whatever he pleases
with it: but he is not permitted to deface
t!ie coin or to lighten its weight and then
try to pass it as genuine without In
curring the penalty. A man. if he was
foolish enough To do so. could cut or cho:>
a $20 piece in halves or quarters or into any
num'-er of pieces, providing he did not try
to put the pieces in circulation as monty.
Cat. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend '*.•
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
1 ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 \'oat-
KOinery street, Telephone Main 1042. •
Yesterday's Bankrupts.
Charles Williams. San Francisco, J9W 52;
n<» assets. Henry Van Allen. San Fran
cisco, railroad foreman, $263 77; do assets.
Pr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, th* world
renowned appetizer and lnvlgorator. la used
over the world. Beware of imitation*.THE CITY MAY
AGAIN BE LEFT
IN DARKNESS
Gas Company Dis-
posed to Retaliate.
CROCKETT MAKES A THREAT
«
BILLo MUST BE PAID OR OUT
GO THE LIGHTS.
Refuses to Reduce July and August
Accounts to Bring Them Within
the Appropriation as Per
rault Suggested.
There Is every reason to believe that the
city may af ft in darkness If the
• the San Francisco Gas and Elec-
I 'ompany for lighting the streets and
buildings . :■•■ not paid. President
■v. in a communication sent to the
re yesterday, reiterates
ii threat he made in August last that un
the bills of iiis company art paid the
- of the municipality will be shut m(T.
The company is disposed to resort to re
taliatory measures in order to force the
■ paj the bills.
The communication is in reply to one
sent by Chairman Perrault of the Finance
Committee accompanying the bills for
August, which were returned to the com
pany because they were $533 over and In
excess of the appropriation pursuant to
the tax levy adopted by the Supervisors,
and calculated according to the one
twelfth act. Chairman Perrault requested
Mr. Crockett to scale down the bills so
they would come within the appropria
tion. Incidentally Perrault stated that
according to Gas Inspector Tupper the
streets had not been lit on one nignt when
they should have been, and he asked that
the charge be stricken out.
In reply Mr. Crockett refused to com
ply with both requests and took occasion
to refer the board to his letter of August
12. This accompanied the bills for July.
which had also been returned by the Fi
nance Committee because they were $1400
in excess of the legal appropriation. This
Is the letter in which threats were made
to row the whole city and the public
buildings in /darkness unless the bills were
paid as originally presented by the gas
company.
The matter is now in abeyance, and it
Is a clear-cut issue between the Supervi
sors and the gas company. Perrault and
his colleagues on the committee have no
intention of king down from their po
sition, anil say that unless the bills are
reduced so as to come within the appro
priation they will not be paid. Whether
the corporation intends to make good its
threats or whether it is only running a
iarge-sized bluff to coerce the Supervisors
into submitting to its dictates remains to
be seen.
SOLDIERS' DAY AT THE FAIR.
Volunteers Will Be Guests of Honor
at the Pavilion To-Night.
The volunteer soldiers now stationed
here will be entertained th's evening at
the Mechanics' Fair. The Governors of
•i:;e Eastern States who have come here
" welcome their returning soldiers will
:.e the special guests of honor. Every
man in uniform will be admitted free.
The management has flooded the Presidio
with invitations to the volunteers and
undoubtedly the big Pavilion will be filled
tills evening with the* boys in blue. The
i and has arranged a special programme
far the occasion.
The exposition is rapidly getting into
phspo and the attendance is on the in
crease. Tho Filipino village is one of the
greatest centers of attraction. Yesterday
tie little brown mi • and their wives and
children moved into their new quarters,
and will liv*> in the native huts construct
ed in the Pavilion until the end of the
Fair.
The musical programme for to-day and
this evening follows:
AFTERNOON*.
Marc/ "City Troops" Valerga
Overture, • "Robespierre" Li toll f
Gavotte, "Eiißenla" Chambers
Election. '•Tuttl In Mat b re Pedrottt
Kunoral Marrh of a Marionette mard
Intermission.
Sketch. '.'Smoky Moke*" Holzmann
F.-.10 for cornet.
Alice Raymond.
Musical Review Phrelner
■V-'altz. "Chlmea of Normandy" Plan-,
• International Congress" Sou^a
EVENING.
March, "In • -.- Park' II !-•
Overtu re, ' 'Fes f ' Leutner
Gavotte. "1/ Ingenue" Ardltl
Grand selection, "William Tell" Rossini
Polonaise from faust" Spohr
Intermission.
Selection. "Traviata" Verdi
£•">]>) for cornet.
Alice Raymond.
' ■.Serenad'-' ' Moszkowski
H'-ones fr m "Lucia" Donizetti
Cakewalk, "V.*hi.»tHnK Rufua" Mills
v To Review the Blythe Case
' George W. Towle, representing the
Blythe Company, filed yesterday In the
I'nited States Circuit Court a petition
for a writ of review in the famous Blythe
estate case. The case was decided in
favor of Florence Blythe Hinckley about
a year ago by the Supreme Court of the
T'nlted States. The petition asks for a
review of Judge Morrow's decision in
that case.
■ < ■
Firp Among Dried Lizards.
A fire in the l>asr-m<nt Of 722 Dnprmt
terday afternoon did 15000 worti 1
. t , ; i tr. ■ t.i the stock of dried lizards and
iga of the Choy .lee Tons Com
whose drug store is at No. T2."i Dv
• across the street. The bdse
■ wax used as a storeroom for the
my. It Is not known how the fire
ited. I
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
;
HOOKS AND STATIOXRRY. j
THE SAN iRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
B<i' to ■-.'• Geary Street. Above Powell.
W PEHIODICALS. UOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKK AND MCi IRON.
JC U'fl SilK £■ C(\ ; '°" Battery Street.
w tTILjUn a VVi Telephone Main IS6I
COPPERSMITH,
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLYTH. Mgr
Ci; CKITH BhJp Plumbing, Steamboat
• Tf J.illlll) and Ship Work a Specialty. i«
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main r.*;4i
FRESH AND SALT MEATS-
tic nnVEC X- C(\ Shipping Butchers, 104
JAb dUILJ&LU, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
I V inCQTAn ' 4 Kearny «t., up»tairs. L»te»t
J. PI. LUrjIAU, stylrs. lowest prices, temedeling.
IP >N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, &3£ A ££%i
n cat ngß of Every Description Made to
Order. TeL Black 1105. _^ ■
PAPER nRALER 1
n il l iMITTC PULP AND PAPER CO.
ILL A.HI' liC 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTINI
r C HUGHESi Ell PRINTER, F.
t t HlU!ifcj" 1' Si- ■*■ *"•
THE HICKS JIDD CO , SXZZhr^
<+ ~ STATIONER AND PRINTER.
PARTRIDGE - %%""
\\HITE ASH STEAM COAL ?,"; NK^vg;
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO M It. GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the B«t Coal , n the
Market. Offlcc and Yards-450 Main .treet. J
CZARINA MIKES
PORT WITHOUT
THE LOG RAFT
Tug Fearless Seeking
the Derelict.
LONGSHOREMEN ON STRIKE
THEY WANT AN ADVANCE OF
TEN CENTS AN HOUR.
! An Italian Fisherman Stabbed— Chief
Engineer of the Aurora Drops
Dead — The Steamer Cleve
land Short of Coal.
The collier Czarina arrived last night
from Puget Sound without her tow. She
i lost the big iVXVfoot raft off the coast of
■ sfendodno nearly a week ago, and ever
i since has been searching for it. The tug
I Fearless was sent out to assist her, but
I since she passed out through the (Jnlden
. Oate nothing has been heard of her. The
general Impression is that the Fearless
' has picked up the raft and Is towing It
into port.
A number of vessels have reported the
derelict, and the ship Oriental and the
steamer Umatllla nearly ran into it. Yes
terday the steamer Crescent City came
I in and reported having lighted the raft
and the captain said he thought it was
towing;. This was twenty-five mtles nortli
west of Point Reyes and the fog was so
thick that nothing could be seen dis
tinctly.
In his report Captain Seamen of the
Czarina pays: "Left Seattle on August
28 with log raft in tow. All went well
until September 7 at 6 a. m., when the
hawser parted in a heavy sea. We were
then twenty-eight miles west by north
one-half north of Point Arena. Lost the
raft in a heavy fog. I put into Point I
CAUGHT IN A HEAVY NORTHEASTER.
THE brig W. G. Irwin had the roughest voyage of any of this month's sugar fleet from Honolulu. For three days she
was buffeted by a northeast p-ali and Beveral of her sails were blown away. The doors of th< forecastle were stove in
and the sailors were nearly drowned out A heavy sea carried away the brig's figure-head, while another took every
thing movable on deck overboard. The Jrwln may be delayed a few days in discharging owing to the strike among
the 'longshoremen.
Arena twice in search of information nnu |
have kept circling around the place where
the raft went adrift in widening circles,
hoping to pick it up. On the 9th Inst we
spoke the 'tug Fearless, and as she was
going to continue the search I put into
San Francisco."
It is to be honed the Fearless picks up
the derelict and brings it into port, as It
is now a menace to navigation. __ t __
Strikes seem to be epidemic on the water
front JuPt now. Boiler-makers, carpenters
and painters have gone out at different
times during the month for either shorter
hours or more pay. and yesterday the
longshoremen followed suit. They are
paid by the hour, so naturally it is an
advance in wages they want. The strik
ers are the "outside" longshoremen— that ,
is- those not connected with the union
arid they demand 50 cents an hour. Some
months ago they were satisfied with 33
cents an hour, then they demanded and
got 40 cents, and now they want 50 cents. <
The vessels principally affected by the
demand are the cannery fleet and tJu !
sugar boats. The Roderick Dhu and the
Edward -May had to get the sugar out
and the agents agreed to pay the extra
money. At noon yesterday the longshore- ,
men went to work discharging them. The
other vessels are holding out, and as there
are plenty of men they will probably have
no trouble in getting their cargoes out.
There wan a serious stabbing an air
among the Italian fishermen In the/Co
lumbia Market yesterday. Pietro Quillici
was standing at stall 79 doing some busi
ness and near by was Guiseppe Garattl,
an old man and quarrelsome. The
younger fishermen had been teasing him
during the morning, and about noontime
some one In the crowd called him a foul
ram" Garattl thought It was Quillicl
who used the epithet and, drawing a
knife he stabbed him in the back. Officer
T J 'Bailey was called in and he took the
two' men to the Ilarpor police station.
There Garatti was charged with an as
sault with a deadly weapon. At the Har
bor Hospital Drs. Robinson and Murphy
found that Quillici had a deep and serious
wound over the left kidney. Old man
Garatti had documents in his pockets
Showing that he had several thousand
dollars in bank.
William A. Imperil, chief engineer of |
the steamer Aurora, died suddenly aboard
the Pride of the River from a hemorrhage j
yesterday morning. He was talking with
his son when taken sick. The*latter se
cured an ambulance and had his father
conveyed to the Harbor Hospital, but
when Drs. Robinson and Murphy ex
amined him he was dead. The Morgue j
was notified, but after an examination the
Coroner allowed the body to be taken
to 1228 Golden Gate avenue, the family
residence of the deceased.
The steamer America Maru sailed for
San Francisco from Yokohama on the!
10th inst She was delayed by a small ,
lire in her coal bunkers.
The steamer Cleveland was late in
netting to Seattle owing to running short
of coal Her charterers sent her out for St.
Michael with a short supply and no |
coal could be got at Dutch Harbor when
the vessel called there. In consequence
all the bunks in the steerage had to be i
torn out ■'" used for fuel, while the <
rireo booms arid all the spare wood in <
the shit) had to go into the furnace before ;
the vessel reached Seattle. •
Private advices received from the Ber
ing Sea yesterday state that the Lynde &i
Hough barkentine Fremont had taken
141*000 codfish and the crew was still fish- ,
in/on August 15. This is about the larg
est catch ever taken by one vessel during ,
a short season. . -
N.'arlv a ton of putrid Sturgeon was
seized on Jackson street wharf yesterday
by Market Inspectors Gans and Barron.
The* stuff had been ; sent down
th. river by Italian fishermen, but spoiled
on the way. Last Saturday the same in- .
spectors . seized 1 nearly four tons of. the]
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
CHRIS RYER DIED ON
THE SURGEON'S TABLE
CHRISTOPHER B. RYER. one of
the best known liquor drummers
on the coast, died suddenly yes
terday forenoon on the operating
table of the Golden Gate Sanitarium.
Mr. Ryer returned to this city a week
ago last Wednesday and on Sunday
morning went to the sanitarium to be
treated for a disease of the bladder.
He was advised by his physicians, Drs.
A. <;. Doardorff and J. P. I,e Fevre,
that a simple surgical operation would
relieve him. and he consented to sur
render to the knife. He did not think
it necessary to notify his family that
an operation was about to be per
formed, and the news of his death
came to them as a sudden and over
whelming shock.
Yesterday morning he was placed
upon the operating table and r>r. Le
Fevre proceeded to administer an
anaesthetic, when Mr. Ryer went into
a convulsion and expired. The physi
cians reported to Coroner Hill that
they did not believe that Mr. Ryer
inhaled much if any of the anaesthetic,
and that his death was largely due to
sudden nervous depression caused by
fright.
Mr. Ryer came prominently before the public several years ago as a contest
ant of the will of Dr. Washington Ryer. a pioneer of this city, claiming to be
a natural son of the doctor. The case was finally compromised out of court
by the payment to young Ryer of a snug sum, a part of which he invested in
residence property in Richmond.
The deceased had been employed by the wholesale liquor firm of Joseph
Premer & Co.. at 310 Sacramento street. He was a large, fine looking man and
weighed more than 250 pounds. He left a widow, two daughters and a son. the
elder daughter being Mrs. A. Cohen of Oakland and the younger Miss- Mabel
Ryer of this city. C. Blalne Ryer, the son. is employed by Bremer & Co.
vile stuff and dumped it Into the hay.
Had it not been for the vigilance of In
spectors <;nns and Barwn the rotten fish
would have been tnken up town and sold
to the cheap restaurants.
A telegram received from London by
the Merchants' Exchange states that the
chances of getting the Morgan City off
the beach at the entrance to Nagasaki
are good. Divers have been engaged to
patch up the hole in the vessel's hull.
Mike Keddy, an old timer on the front,
died in the City and County Hospital yes
terday. Mike knew every ship captain
that came into port during the last
twenty-seven years and was a walking
encyclopedia wh^n !t came to ships.
SENSATION PROMISED
IN RULOFSON CASE
OPPOSING COUNSEL INDULGE IN
WORDY WARFARE.
Eisner Charges Checkering With Un
prcf^ssicnal Conduct — Witn€ss?s
Testify in Claimant's Favor.
A sensation in the trial of the action in
stituted by Alfred C. Rulofson as the
adopted son of the late Captain Winslow
G. Hall, in which the deceased seeks to
recover decedent's estate by virtue of
his relationship, Is in course of develop
ment, yesterday morning Attorney
Eisner, who is prosecuting Mr. Rulofson's
claim, accused opposing counsel. Attorney
Ohickering, before the court convened,
of having been guilty of unprofessional
conduct, in that he had caused certain
witnesses for th> claimant to be ap
proach.'d and after deceiving them with
the assertion that he. ('nickering, wap
confidential counsel for Rulofson obtained
what Information they possessed.
Mr. Ohickering denied the assertion
with warmth, and an argument that
threatened to culminate in blows was
being indulged in by counsel. When
Judge Belcher entered the courtroom the
trouble ceased. Eisner got In the last
words in the argument and said that he
would produce three witnesses to prove
his assertion. Judge Belcher then took
the bench and the taking of testimony
was resumed. M. Hart and Julius Hart.
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
fin £\ Does Not Burn Nor Blister.
(m mi * JIW Ji 1 i ' make the only Electric Belt In the world .which infuses a gentle, sooth-
VAgSr Jr\\ N^jyw J * t^«v 1 1 ln « warmth of Electricity into the body and does not BURN nor BLISTER
EsSoz~ ♦* _.\^.^g Electricity is the grandest invigorator of the age; It cures where all else
IJlpv I %. *+±<aaJ m °~sr* fails, but it cannot serve its curative purpose when the burning of the bare
mS i \■ § *3"7^—^s>*&[a metal electrodes renders its use a torture.
iy "\v B --i 7 jtisOsiSSsß ] have devoted twenty years to the perfection of my method of treatment.
V jN^ • iH__ J \JMXwISn My perfected Belt of to-day is guaranteed stronger In power than any other
3 A 'it I I &ssEwsV\ on earth. Yet, with my soft cushion electrodes and my patented regulator I
I 7Jk\.\\| Jbs^iy^aL IJtnm&EKf.rt can infuse its vitalizing force into the weak parts so that It strengthens but
i JSSiJP^x>^?lmWißa^^^r ' : '"' s not burn; it cures, but does so in a soothing, pleasant manner, without
I tne !oaßt inconvenience. ■ . • .......
ML, My Bell is a positive cure for all nervous, weak and debilitated MEN, for
iP^ :, men with VARICOCELE, WEAK BACK, LACK OF ENERGY. RHEUMA-
Ki^*N^ W^W^«k-' I '#SBHHI TI SM, SCIATICA. LUMBAGO and all pains and weakness.
\23T VAffy "* '"SttJffi^eFiMp My ''"" is the only electric body bell made that can be worn by a WOMAN
x^tf with tender skin. It infuses a gentle warmth into the weak nerves, restoring
health and strength and curing all forms of female complaints.
CALL TO-DAY OR SEND FOR FREE BOOK.
If you are pick or weak, call and see my famous appliance. I have 10,000 cures in the last three years. I
will show you the names of your neighbors whom I have cured. If you cannot call, I will send you, closely sealed,
my illustrated book with full. information about my new method.
nn II ■ tl*J Rlinill 111 702 Market. Cor.Keapny, o«ke Hoar«-Ba.m. t0 8.30 p.™.
UK M ffl MPI fIIHIHI \vi S.F..nndnurdlckßloclc. Sundays. 10 to I.
Ulll 111 Ifa I ' lflUI«n UU 1 1 I1 1 V^. Cor Spring End Second, Lei Angelei. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
CHRIS B. RYER.^^^J
of the firm of Hart & Company, both tes
tified that captain »Hall frequently spoke
of Rulofson as his son and both believed
that that relationship existed between
them. Daniel H. Everett and Thomas W.
Benham testified to like facts after which
an adjournment was taken.
. ♦ ■
HEALTH OFFICE DEMANDS.
Auditor Wells Will Sign Those Held
Ui Last July.
The employes of the Health Board, who
had their July demands held up by the
Auditor on account of lack of funds, were
made happy yesterday when Auditor
Wells signified his intention of signing
them. The order came down from Judge
Hunt's court in the case of Vaccinating
Surgeon McPhers in, who brought suit tor
the amount of Ins salary and won it. The
Auditor holds that the other demands are
In the same category and they will be
paid oilt of the genera] fund.
This decision virtually reinstates all
tii' s>> who lost ih'ir positions in the
Health office. The board will meet on
n^xt Thursday evening to restore some of
t!i<- decapitated members to their former
places.
.■ m ■
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. *
■ ♦ .
JUSTICES' FEES.
The Supreme Court Determines Their
Legal Limit.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
j that a Justice of the Peace may not
j charge more than $2 as his fee in a civil
I action for issuing; a writ. The charge I
I hitherto has been $3 50 and the change!
may result in a diminution of the force in
the Justices' Clerk's office.
The decision was reached in the appeal
: of the case Kosminsky vs. Williams, con
-1 firming a decision by Judge Seawell. The
i original case was brought on mandamiiH
proceedings instituted by Kosminsky
through his attorneys, Samuel Kosfiiheim i
and A. S. Newburg. to compel Justices' i
Clerk Williams to accept $2 as a fee for
issuing a writ. The Supreme Court de- !
| cision was written by Chief Justice lieatty j
j ami w;is concurred in by all the ass iciate I
i Justices with the exception of Justice Ga- j
I routte, who was absent.
DEPOSITORS PAY
NO COMMISSION
TO UNCLE SAM
No Tax on a Receipt
Given a Bank.
MUST PRESENT PERSONALLY
IF OFFERED BY THIRD PARTY
IT MUST BE STAMPED.
'■ .'nternal Revenue Collector Holds :
That Non-Negotiable Paper Is
Exempt Irom Operation of
War Revenue Law.
•
It will be of interest to the general pub
lic to know that there are some things
1 which the war-revenue tax does not tax.
This information will especially interest
those who have small sums on deposit in
the savings banks, but are not in the for
tunate position of being able to employ
the advice of able counsel to protect their
Interests. It appears that a man with a
bank account may draw upon the same
without being compelled to make a forced
contribution to Uncle Sam's income, pro
vided he makes a personal visit to the
bank to get his money. In other words,
the depositor is not obliged to pay a com
mission to the Government for the privi
lege of using his own money, as has been I
generally supposed was the case.
This welcome fact has been brought to
light through the attention of Internal
Revenue Collector Lynch being called to
the action of a bank In Suisun, which has
been for some time past issuing un
stamped receipts to depositors, to be j
signed by them when they desired to draw
money from the bank, a practice alleged
to be in violation of the war tax law
which provided that all checks, drafts,
etc, must bear a two-cent revenue stamp.
Collector Lynch says the bank in ques
tion Is acting strictly within the law and
he further says that the savings banks of
this city are using the same methods and
exact a revenue stamp only when the re
ceipt is presented by a third person. This
opinion Is in accordance with a decision
rendered by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue after consultation with the At
torney General. The decision was the re
sult of a communication from the cashier
of the Bank of Lancaster, S. C, and is as
follows: ,'-.
Treasury • Department,
Office of .Commissioner "i Internal Revenue.
WASHINGTON. D. C Oct. 21. IS9S.
Sir: I have to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the 2tith hurt., In which you
request the ruling of this office as to whether
a receipt In me following form:
i LANCASTER, S. C,
Received of the Hank of Lancaster, of Lan
caster, P. C. dollars on account. .
filled out in the handwriting of an official
of the bank an.l signed by a depositor on .
calling for and receiving money. is liable to
stamp duty.
In reply you are advised that, in accordance I
with the advice of the Attorney General, this ;
office holds that a receipt given to a bank
by a person to whom th.- bank is Indebted
as a depositor or otherwise, or for whom it
holds funds, is do more subject to a stamp
than a receipt received or given for any
other debt or demand.
The purpose of the law Is to require stamps |
upon checks which are commercial, negotiable |
Instruments. A check, however, Is not required
to be in any particular form. If it i.« In a
form sufficient to constitute an order for the .
payment of money and assumes the character '
'of a commercial, negotiable Instrument, then
It is subject to the tux. •'.
There is much banking done, especially in
savings banks, without the use of checks at
nil. the depositor having a book In which the
bank denotes the amount deposited on one [
side and the amount drawn out on the other.
Of course, the depositor In such case draws
the money out of the bank, but he does it in
such a WRy as not to subject It to stamp duty,
because he does not give a check. So. if a
person does not give a check he does not I
have to pay taxes on it and If he goes to the
bank and the bank pays him upon He dues
to him and he gives a receipt such receipt
does not require a stamp; but If he Issues a
receipt BO that it will be good In the hands
of another person to draw upon his deposit
for the amount of It then It loses the character
of a receipt and becomes a check or draft and
is subject to tax. Respectfully yours.
G. W. WILSON. Acting Commissioner.
The commercial banks have ■ not yet
adopted the receipt plan, according to Col- {
lector Lynch, but pay out money only on
checks or drafts which must be stamped
or they will not be accepted. Collector
Lynch* further says he started to round
up the banks in this district that were
using these receipts several months ago.
hut when the decision in the case quoted
was promulgated he was obliged to stop
proceedings. ;
~~~~
TAX OFFICE RECORDS.
Old Volumes Are in Bad Condition
and Must Be Repaired to Avoid
Complications.
Tax Collector Shcehan will shortly pe
tition the Supervisors to provide for the
preservation of some of the old tax rec- i
ords in his office which have been stored
in the basement of the City Hall for
many years. Some of the volumes are
torn and without bindings and unless they
are cared for they will be completely
ruined Mr. Shcehan says that unless
enough money is appropriated to rebind
the records he will be compelled to deny
searchers of records the privilege of re
ferring to them. He realizes that this ;
may result in a suit against the city, as,
the' records are public property and all
citizens are entitled to see them. I
Many pages in the volumes have al
ready "been torn out or stolen and the Tax
Collector, to prevent further damage, has
locked some of the records in the vault. '
Certain maps in the books are exceedingly ;
valuable and it would be impossible to
replace them should they be destroyed.
_— . ♦ ■
John Barrett's Lecture.
From all accounts, Hon. John Barrett,
the late Minister to Siam. will deliver a
lecture in this city on the 21st lnst. His j
subject will be one with which he Is
thoroughly conversant— the trade relations
and commercial possibilities of the Pacific
Coast States and the Orient. During the
time he was a representative of tho
I'nited States he visited a number of the
countries In Asia lying along the Pacific
Ocean and his observations nave attract
ed the' attention of the commercial men of
the world. Mr. Barrett comes to this
city upon the invitation of the local
Chamber erf Commerce. Secretary Scott
yesterday received 'a dispatch from the
ex-Minister saying that he would be at !
liberty to speak on the date mentioned. ]
At present he Is in Portland, Or.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTRA SPECIAL VALUES!
2 cases Canton Flannel, unbleached only, extra
heavy and fleecy, solid and substantial, the regu-
lar io-cent grade, special, until all sold at 7 cents
per yard.
180 Ladies' Fancy Metallic Underskirts, Spanish
flounce with double ruffle, value for $2. CO, on
special sale a£ 95 cents each.
Ladies' Black Liberty Silk Ruches, pleat^J ends,
regular $1.50, special at $1.00 each.
3 rases of Men's Australian Wool Undershirts and
Drawer?, in sanitary undyed colors, which are
*cry special value and cannot be duplicated
»gain at less than $1.50. These we will close
out at $1,00 each.
!9(F Murphy Building, /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
I Will Give $1000
iflPlffiiUffpS* s^"-! If I fail to cure any
iAß&Ns*@l&^^-m. CANCKR or tumor I
! aSOT^»»SS&^&^>-^ > 4* . treat before it scat-
fijulr ters or affects the
nflT' ribs or otner
I J**?"JJ!flsJju|yL fence. 1000 cancers
V -s^v? jy now in my offices in
\ '/ alcohol. J.ady attend- \
\.> iHt^r**. ant. A hard
Ss^i^!s*-' SB*±. tumor on the lip
flßßfe^.^ >?<N '^fc:=- ■■/f'i^Sbb^ clnce? Where is
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
where cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE .
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM
! SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
I will ' guarantee
! fig«Kjillj|3ifc^ that my Kidney Cure
JE=ss§y3Bt!^M •will cure l>o pr-r cent.
KMt *WHh of all f^-rms of kidney
«Si iS'^y oomplalat and In
°®jk % *P'%jfflp many instances the
«V £%3F'ig&sfW^ most serious forms of
1 V^ff Brlght's disease. If
>L /**G££!js *^ c Bease 1° com-
V.'Tmif plicated send a four-
yßS^"Tj2|jL ounce vial of urlae.
We wll) analyze U
and adrise you free
»^>l i HP what to do.
At all druggists. 280. a ▼)«!. Guide to Health
and m^lcwl advice 150.S Arrh st. Philfi
STATE/WENT
OF THE
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MAGDEBURG FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
I ' -■'■-':'•■■'':■''■ ' ■^~~.-:-^i [, -:-;~y~_- -'-^ .
OF MAGDEBURG. IN THE EMPIRE OF
Germnny. on the 31st day of December. A.
D. IS9S. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
i Amount of Capital stock, paid up In '>■ n
; cash • $750.000 00
assets; ■ij'-.
Heal JQrtat«" owned by Company $540.12312
! Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 1.211.031
Cash Market Value of all Stacks ..nd
Bonds owned by Company 2,1-6,489 19
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
! of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
! able securities as collateral < 8. 75" 00
; Cash In Company's Office Kg M
Cash in Banks •• 128.854 ,a
Interest due and accrued on all
: Stocks and Loans •.".'.•••* 8,876 68
i Premiums In duo Course of Collec-
; tlon •• Z8Z.814 38
Due from other companies for rein- ,
j aurance 607.327 64
Total Assets $5,108,481 4S
LIABILITIES. /■-';-?,■
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 039,520 7S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
< ning one year or less, $.... !
' reinsurance 50 per cent 1,598.239 7S
i Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnc more than one year, $ :
1 reinsurance pro rata... 274.5.15 77
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 2.9C0 00
All other demands against the Com-
I pany •• •••• 216,317 75
Total Liabilities 55.631.5*3 OS
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
! premiums • S-.SIS.H6 72
Received for lnterc: on Bonds and
Mortgages •••"••"•■-• 47,280 16
• Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Storks. Loans and from
all other sources 89.729 54
I Received from all other sources 6S.SSS IS
• Total Income J4.C?3.530 60
I EXPENDITURES.
I Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding JRin. mo 98. losses of pre-
! vious years) $2,594.606 75
Dividends to Stockholders 312.500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage - 769.774 14
Paid for Salaried. Fees and other
' charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 212.249 68
! Paid for State. National and local
taxes 75.131. 86
I All other payments and expendi-
j tures • 143.90T, S6
1 Total Expenditure*.' .M.MB.'I6S 30
' Losses Incurred durlne th» vpar. fire *2..V>4.«06 7S
i EMIL F. MIETHKE. Vice President.
I RUDOLF BERNDT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of April, 1899.
HENRY M. DIEDERICH. U. S. Consul at
! Magdeburg. ' ' ■.
GUTTE & FRANK,
MANAGERS, '
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, .
303 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
V^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A***M *'~~* KEAKSY ST. Established
■"fP^ra 1 " IS»4 forth? treatment of Private
KM MM Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
iHK&ft^B disease wearing on bodvundmindand
VkShSsKI -Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhcii
JaHflKan others fall. Try him. Charges low.
: ?6HHHD Core* guaranteed. Callorwrlte.
I Dr. J. *•. UICBO.V Box 1937. San Francisco
I AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
A NIGHT OF LAUGHTER.
—ALL THE WEEK-
V..n Suppe's Delightful Comic Opera,
NEXT? WEEK— Offenbach's Famous Comic
Opera. "THE DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
10c, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR IS
TO-NIGHT Hl||
THE STERLING DRAMA,
THE WAGES
OF SIN.
PRICES jjjk, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next— TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
BACHELOR CLUB. WHITE AND HARRIS
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN
BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
MONTRELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
ARNOLD GRAZIER AND LA PETITE
HAZEL.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera
chairs and box seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THE TRIUMPH OF THE
GRAi^-> OPERA S>tASON.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Verdi's Greatest Creation,
"OTHELLO."
First Time In the World at Popular Prices.
"OTHELLO" Repeated Thursday and Sunday-
Nights and Saturday Matinee.
The Superb Production of
"LOHENGRIN.*'
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday Evenings.
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 cents
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9. 9
MECHANICS' FAIR
I
PHILIPPINE 0 EXHIBIT.
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
\ TO-NIGHT! SOLDIERS' NIGHT! \
][ All Uncle Sam's soldiers ,j
'I in uniform admitted free \\
I to-nigh f .
«••»»•»•»•>••••-♦--•-••••••••
CONC£ATS AND ftESOHTS.
MR DENIS O'SULLIVAN'S
BALLAD CONCERT. His last appearance.
TUESDAY. Sept. 12, 8:13 p. m., SHERMAN-
CLAY HALL. Tickets. 50c and 75c. For sale
Monday and Tuesday. Sept. 11 and 12, at Sher-
man & Clay's, 133 Kearny st.
BUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, I6c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathinp, Including admission. 25; Children. Me
000000000005000000
I%™* PALACE *&*
%GRANB HOtELS Z
I o SAN FnANCISCO. Q
I W Connected by a covered passageway. **
j V 1400 Room'— w. h I3ath Attached. ©
!O ' All Under One Management. O
j O NOTE THE PRICKS : O
JO European Plan. per day and upward ©
l L* American Plan. ?3.<M> per day and upward _
fO . Correspondence Solicited. V
\ O JOHN C. KiRTPATKICK. Manager. O
0 O 0.00 O O O O OIO_CjO..O O O 0 0
'$&&* *'M- HALL'S SEINYIGORATOS
tASg"^^^^ Five hundred reward for any
tj&aa "■M case we cannot cure. This secret
J ■-. . I remedy stops all losses in 24
!L}~3 &x& hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
w) wfffi tency, . Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea,
UU '■££!,) Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
jBJB &fs< Manhood and all wasting effect!
™_.T J^*- ' °* self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. 72 bottle; 3 bottles, 15; guaranteed to
curs any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN.
6TITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
: tor sal* at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All private
I disease* quickly cured.' Send for tree book.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange advanced. Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley weak and dull.
Corn and Rye neglected. Oats much quieter.
Heavy receipts of Hay. No change in Fccdstuffs.
Beans sJww a number of changes.
toes and Onions lower. Vegetables still cheap.
Butter weak at a further decline. Cheese plentiful.
dull and easy, but no lower.
■ cars of Eastern Poultry on the market.
Came high and in light receipt.
Fruit market well supplied at average prices.
Limes higher and scarce. Lemons dull.
urn Prunes weak and dull. Dried Apples easier.
No change in Provisions.
Meat stands as previously quoted.
Outside Grain Bags said to be cleaning up.
Charters.
The British ship Dynomene le chartered lor
barley to Europe. 3Cs 9d.
The W. G. Irwin and Irmgard load merchan
dise for Honolulu.
The J. M. Colman loads merchandise and
lumber for Santa Rosalia. -■ _
The Aker loads lumber on the Sound for
Buenos Ayres. 72s Sd; Euterpe, lumber on the
Bound for Fremantle.
The Alice A Leigh was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat from Tacoma to Europe. 355.
The MacMahon was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe. Sis 6d.
Coin Certificates in Circulation.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion August 31 were as follows:
I*?S. ISW.
Gold (35.47 ■ ■ 655.959
Pilver ' 552.9W.373 403.632.343
Treasury 94,920,654 61.65m.632
Total $63,884,036 $663,971,966
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial Bays:
•'For the past ten days there has been an
Improving tendency, and prices on some vari
eties are firmer and higher than they have
been. Prunes show this Improvement more
than other sorts, but none of the others have
been co badly down. Trading: Is beginning,
but very few large pales have been made, and
those at unnamed prices. There is reason to
Ink, however, that about full figures have
been obtained, though in the absence of defi
nite information no positive statement can be
made. Negutiatlons for a large number of
enle-s are pending, but bo far buyers and sell
ers' have been una to agree upon terms.
"Apricots are firm and prices tend upward,
though no quotable change In price has oc
curred recently. Holders are firm and refuse
to make concessions, even on round lots. The
r.e« quality commands 16c f. o. b., but other
frrades range down to lie. The market has
been slow since the season opened, and buyers
have nut taken hold with any enthusiasm; but
n:ore activity is expected, and some dealers
think trade will be much better within the
r.rxt week.
"Peaches continue easy, more because of un
certainty than because of a surplus. To be
cure, the surplus Is indicated, but the condi
tions warrant no definite predictions at this
time. The season opened with prices firm, but
there has been a weakening ever elnce, and
now prices are a, matter of negotiation."
Weather Report.
(120tb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Sept. 11. 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 56 Independence M
Bed Bluff 10}iLoB Angeles S2
Facramento 92 ?nn Diego 72
Fresno - Yuma 110
Ban Luis Obispo 781
fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature.
tS; minimum, 52: mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen over the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains, except on the
coast of California, from San Francisco to Eu
reka. An area of low pressure extends frjm
Arizona through California to Southern Ore
gon. Both pressure and temperature gradients
are unusually steep along the coast of Califor
nia. There has been a slight fall in tempera
ture in the interior, but the temperatures are
still above the normal. Light rain is reported
from Flagstaff and Independence.
.Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September 11. 1599:
For Northern California— Tuesday:
cooler In the interior; brisk westerly winds on
the coast, with dense fog.
For Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday;
c<xjler in the interior; brisk westerly winds on
the coa.«t, with dense fog.
For Southern California— Tuesday;
northwest wind; showers In the mountains.
For Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday.
For Utah— Cloudy Tuesday.
For Arizona-Fair Tuesday: showers In the
northern portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tues
day, with dense fog in the morning; high west
erly wind. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— Forced liquidation
was In evidence all day on the Stock Exchange
lie the conseouence of the efforts of the banks
to reduce their deposit liabilities by a reduc
tion of loans. Saturday's bunk statement re
veaJed the fact that the surplus reserves were
approaching exhaustion, with the Imminent
prospect of Inroads being made upon the legal
retor\e having prepared the speculative pub
lic for come such development. The continued
demand from interior sources for money and
payments for taxes in the sub-treasury to-day
confirmed the expectation. The market went
down under successive floods of offers. At
various times during the day the pressure of
s-'lling teemed to have exhausted Itself. The
rally in prices at such times was feeble, and
the trading became very -dull, the demand be
Ing at a minimum The standard stock suf
fered in an equal degree with the more specu
lative industrial*. This feature was doubtless
due In tome part to the recent disinclination
on the part of money lenders to accept the In
dustrials as collaterals for loans. It was, there
fore, the standard stocks which were thrown
upon the market by the calling of loans. Aside
from a few of the Iron and steel stocks, which
have been under manipulation for a rise, the
lamebt losses of the day are in such stocks as
the grangers and trunk lines. There were a few
Bpet» In the railroads that were relatively firm,
notably Louisville, Southern Pacific, Union Pa
ciilc and Northern Pacific. The bears seized
the opportunity of the prevailing depression to
put out extensive short lines. Brooklyn Rapid
Transit was a notable sufferer, and was raided
down to within a quarter of the recent low
level and within a half of par. The stock
closed only a fraction above the lowest. Met
ropolitan Street Railway was also acutely af
fected and lost 4'» on the day. Tennessee Coal
and Colorado Fuel rose In the early dealings,
but fell 2 points below Saturday's level before
the close. Sugar was only slightly affected.
American Steel and Wire, Republic Steel, both
common and preferred. Tin Plate preferred.
Continental Tobacco, Pullman. National Steel.
Manhattan and People's Ga» were especially
weak. The net losses on most of the active
railroad stocks ran*?e bKween 1 and 2 points.
The quotations for ordered lots ranged above
a full lot quotation In most cases, indicating:
the presence of bargain hunters during the de
cline. The market totally ignored the tend
ency to recover on foreign stock markets, al
though London bought some 20,000 shares In the
early dealings. Call loans were made at 6V4
per cent Boon after the opening, but quickly
ro?e to C and then 7 and even S per cent, drop
ping to '•> Per cent after the day's needs had
been practically all met. Possible measures I
of relief for the money market were the sub- i
ject of discussion in all circles. The leaving
on deposit of payments for taxes U considered
the most available relief, and the presence In
■Washington of an influential financial leader
•was generally believed to be with the object
of urging such a measure.
The present high price of Government bonds,
Which must be deposited with the banks as se
curity for Government funds left on deposit
■with them. Is a possible drawback to this plan,
though It Is asserted that the banks will be
able to borrow Government bonds to use for
this purpose. The sterling exchange raY failed
to yield In spite of the tightness of money and
buying for London account, but exchange on
Paris did fall a fraction.
Bonds weakened In sympathy with stocks,
but the selling pressure was not severe. Total
sales, par value, $2, 299,000.
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
quotations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
, Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
5.000 Atchieon <0%
i 50,750 Atchlson prefd 63^
120 Baltimore &. Ohio 61%
100 Canadian Pacific 98%
1.050 Canada Southern 53
500 Central Pacific 57
3.-20 Chesapeake & Ohio 27
11.050 Chicago Great ■.■.--tern 14*4
• 21.120 Chicago Bur & Qulncy 133
200 Chicago Ind & Louis »
Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 41
Chicago & East Illinois 94
, 2.000 Chicago & Northwestern lti
■ fT" Chicago Rock Island & Pac 117%
1,670 C C C <t St Louis 564
485 Colorado Southern 5 ,
' 660 Colorado Southern let prefd 45
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 15%
1.000 Delaware & Hudson 121%
2. C00 Delaware Lack & Western 177 ;
3.000 Denver A Rio Grande 21-H
1.400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75» 4
I Erie 13%
! IPO Erie Ist prefd 354 {
i 400 Great Northern prefd 1624
i 1.210 Hocking Coal 18
750 Hocking Valley 344
635 Illinois Central 113
725 lowa Central 134
700 lowa Central prefd '" . |
I 600 Kansas City Flttsburg & Gulf 9% I
! Lake Erie & Western 19 '■
Lake Erie & Western prefd 79
Lake Shore 201% !
9. C00 Louisville & Nashville 7?H I
33,450 Manhattan L 114&»
5,525 Metropolitan Street Railway 206 j
2,100 Mexican Centra] 14*; |
100 Minneapolis & St Louis "4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 95
9.550 Missouri Pacific 46%
Mobile A Ohio 4G4
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas IS 1 * !
2,625 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd .. 4" T S j
500 New Jersey Central 1174
4.700 New Yorok Central 1364 I
4, 520 Norfolk .v Western 25>i |
2.CC-0 Norfolk & Western prefd 637fi
11.800 Northeren Pacific f.3\
2.300 Northeren Pacific prefd 7\
3,125 Ontario & Western 26
Oregon Railway & Nay 44
ISO Oregon Hallway & Nay prefd 78
9.650 Pennsylvania 133 ,
2.400 Reading 214 i
10.560 Reading Ist prefd E9 j
2,400 Reading 2nd prefd 31*4
500 Rio Grande Western 3S
200 Rio Grande Western prefd SI 1 ?
St Louis & San Francisco ll l »
St Louis & San F Ist prefd 69
'■ St Louis & San F 2nd prefd 36%
| 1.920 St 1. its it] western 14%
2,045 St Louis Southwestern prefd .. 85%
: 35,875 St Paul 132
400 St Paul prefd 17^4
St Paul & Omaha 117
23,550 Southern Pa Inc. 86%
4,270 Southern Railway 12*»
5.430 Southern Railway prefd 62%
2.400 Texas & Pacific 2(.V 4
11.610 Union Pacific 4V ?
9,015 Union Pacific prefd 76%
Wabash 74
1,400 Wabash prefd 21%
2.480 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
1.090 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2nd prefd .. :■
M Wisconsin Central 16
P C C & St Louis 74
Express Companies—
Adams ' » .115
American 141
United States 4S»i
150 Wells Fargo 135
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton Oil 43.,
... American Cotton Oil prefd 834
200 American Malting 15%
American Malting prefd 664
1.460 American Smelting A Refng 89*4
1,400 American Smelting & Refng prefd. *<\
American Spirits f.\
American Spirits prefd 80%
7,050 American Steel Hoop 40
400 American Steel Hoop prefd 84
11,500 American Steel & Wire 54%
1.400 American Steel & Wire prefd 97»
2,560 American Tin Plate 40H
190 American Tin Plate prefd 86%
20,224 American Tooacco 125%
200 American Tobacco prefd 145
4,500 Anaconda Mining Co 55
83.280 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 1004
23.950 Colorado Fuel & Iron 604
13,130 Continental Tobacco 43*;
2,000 Continental Tobacco prefd 65
12.630 Federal Steel 59%
6.000 Federal Steel prefd 81%
2,000 General Electric 122
4,500 Glucose Sugar 63>4
■ Glucose Sugar prefd 105
1.400 International Paper 30
200 Internal Paper prefd 76
, 1,400 Laclede Gas 45%
National Biscuit 464
National Biscuit prefd 1014
National Lead 294
400 National Lead prefd 110%
National Steel 51
5,425 National Steel prefd 964
1,062 New York Air Brake 160
300 North American 12%
1,200 Pacific Coast 474
3.000 Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2nd prefd 84
110 Pacific Mall , 41%
3.920 People's Gas 116%
13 525 Pressed Steel Car 58%
1,021 Pressed Steel Car prefd SH^i
240 Standard Rope & Twine 74
Pullman Palace Car 161
15.835 Sugar 151%
Sugar Prefd 118%
12,876 Tennesee Coal & Iron 1214
6,010 United States Leather 10%
5,010 United Slates Leather prefd 744
2.100 United States Rubber 45%
United States Rubber prefd 1154
1.000 Western Union S$Y
-13 2.";. Republic Steel 28
2.200 Republic Steel 73%
636,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS. 1
US is reg 1004 M X & T 2ds 70%
DO 3s reg 1084 Do 4s 91%
Do 3s coup 1084 IN y C l*ts 111%
Do new 4s reg...iri>i IN J C gen 5s 120
Do new 4a coup.. 130 No Carolina 6s . . . . 12:»
Do old 4s reg.... 111% Do 4k 1044
Do old 4s c0up. ..113% No Pacific lsts 113
Do 6s reg 1114! Do 3s 66%
Do 08 coup 1114. 1 Do 4s 103*4
Diet of Col 3.665. ..117 N V C & St L 45. .108
Ala class A 109% N & W con 4s 95
Do class B 100 Do (fen 6s 135
Do class C 101 Or Nay lsts 1134
Do currency 100 Do 4s 1024
Atch gen 4s 102 Or Short Line 65. .129%
Do adj 4s 86%: Do con 6b 114
Can Southern 2d5..10S 'Reading gen 4s 86*1
Chen & Ohio 445.. Sos 4 R O W lets ?S»;
Do 5s 118% St I, & I M con 65.112%
Chi & N con 75. ...145 St L & S F gen 65. 124
Do S F deb 65. .120 St Paul cons 1744
Chi Term 4s 98% St P C & P 15t5. ..121
D & R G Juts 10-5 Do 5s 121
Do 4s 99 So Railway 65., 1054
E T V A O lsts.... Stand R & T 65... 87
Erie Gen 4s 72% Term new set 3<«... '..",
FW& D C lsts.... 7^ 7 % Tex & Pac 15t5. ...115
Gen Electric 55. ...116 Do 2ds 54
GH&S A6s 108 r Pacific 4s 104%
Do 2ds 108 IVabash lsta 115%
H * T C 6s 11l | Do 2ds 100 "
Do con 6s ..11l Weet Shore 4s 113
lowa Cent lstn 116 Wls Central lsts.. 77
X CP & G lsts... 72 Va Centuries 87%
1a new con 4s 106 Do deferred ',
L & N unl 4s 99% C & S 4s 854
• MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40OntarIo 7 00
Crown Point a'-Ophlr 100
•Con Cal &. Va 1 75Plymouth 12
Deadwood 70Qulcksllver 2 00
Gould & Curry 30 Do prefd.. 600
Hale & Norcro**. . . 3)Slerra Nevada 80
Homestake 65 (») Standard 28
Iron Sliver C2Union Con 45
Mexican 4S Yellow Jacket 30
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 9514
Call loans 4 '■> 4 Vi Do prefd 113'
Time loans 4g'.5 Westlnghs Elec 49
Stocks— Do prefd.... CB%
Atch T * St Fe... 20*; Wig Central 164
Do prefd.... 634 Bonds—
Amer Sugar..... 152 jAtchleon 4a 100
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
Do prefd HS%| Mining Shares— ?i
Bell Tele 355 Adventure 7
Boston & Albany.. jMlnuez Mln C 0.... 6%
Boston Ele 109 .Atlantic 2S',i
Boston &■ Maine. . .19S i Boston & Mont 335
"hi B & Q 132** Butte & Boston... 60
Ed Eleo 111 205 ! Cal & Heels. 790
Rtchburg prefd.... 120 ( Centennial 33%
Sen Electric 122% Franklin 13
Federal Steel 59% j Humboldt z%
Do prefd 81% Osceola 83%
\l.x Central 14% Parrot 48
Mich Tele 100 . Qulncy •"• IBS
31d Colony 208 'ita Fe Copper 13%
Did Dominion 31 i Tamarack 201
Rubber 48%. tVinona 11
Union Pacific 45% 1 Wolverines 43%
Union Land 6% I Utah 38 1
&§-w York [Money {Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. Money on call, firm
at 5£S per cent; last loan, 5 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4%©5 per cent: Merlins ex
change, steady, with actual business In bank
ers' bills at $4 86% @4 56% for demand and at
$4 83*4 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 84®4 87%:
commercial bills. $4S2<ff4 82% : silver certifi
cates, c9ij?s9*ic; bar silver, 69% c; Mexican dol
lars. 47% c; Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, weak.
Cash in the Treasury.
•WASHINGTON, Sept. To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $253,111,969; gold re
serve, $364,464,084.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The market here disregarded the Dreyfus
verdict, and the Transvaal situation was con
sidered much better. Mines led the general
recovery, Paris also buying on the absence
of receipts. Americans were quiet throughout.
They opened good, but reacted on New York
yales, closing heavy. New York bought Mex
ican Central, particularly the first Incomes.
li is supposed that these are Morgan pur
chases. Tintos, 48%; Anacondas, 115-16.
Money was more plentiful. American and
Continental bills were offered, but no Lon
don paper.
CLOSING.
LONDON*, Sept. -Canadian Pacific, 98%;
Union Pacific preferred, 81%: Northern Pacific
preferred, 75%; Atchieon. 22; Grand Trunk,
S%: Anaconda, 11%. liar silver, 27%4 per
ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
m
v — ♦
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
30,324; exports, 21,590. Quiet, but steadily held.
Minnesota patents, $3 S5'S4 05.
WHEAT— Receipts, 162.800: exports, 175,792;
spot steady; No. 2 red, 74% cf. o. b. afloat;
spot No. 1 northern Duluth. 79c f. o. b. afloat |
to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 81% c to arrive; ;
No. 2 red, 72% c elevator. Options opened weak
at %@%c decline, affected by cables and large
Northwest receipts. Uncertainty regarding the
crop report prompted the dullness all day, al- i
though the late market was a shade steadier on '
export business and covering. The close wa«
steady at unchanged prices. May. <46'79%c,
closed 79% c: September, 73Q73Uc, closed 73% c;
December. 7a\©76 1-16 C, closed 76c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— Spelter showed a little weakness
to-day, while on the other hand Iron an.l tin
were firmer. The higher rates demanded for the
latter, however, caused buyers to refuse to go
on except in a small way. Copper and lead
held steady at firmer prices. At the close the
Metal Exchange called: Plglron warrants firm,
at $17; lake copper, quiet and unchanged at'
$1S CO: tin firm, but not active, with $31' 50 bid
and $32 50 asked; lead quiet, with $4 60 bid and
$4 62% asked; spelter easy, with $5 ."0 bid and
$v 60 asked. The brokers' price for lead is
$4 40 and for copper $18 50.
COFFEE— Options closed easy, unchanged to
10 points net lower. Sales, 13,250 bags, includ
ing September, $3 25; October. $4 20; Novem
ber, .'4 2,">ig4 30; December, $4 >; January. $4 55;
March M >;  1 70; May, $4 70®4 75: August, »4 90.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio dull and nominal. Mild,
quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet. Refined quiet.
BUTTER Receipts, 6261 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, lS@23c; June creamery. IS%
/.. . factory, I3'.iis.\
"" EGGS Receipts, 11,712 packages. Firmer;
Western regulars at mark. 13*g16%c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK, Sept. 11— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 7%c;
prime wire tray, S%iiS%c; choice, B%@S"«c;
extra choice, B®9%C.
PRUNES :;
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moorpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, &S>ll%c.
* ; ♦
Chicago Grain Market.
a, ♦
CHICAGO, Sept. 11.— Wheat opened weak at
j a decline of about Vie from Saturday. Every
| thing In the way of news favored sellers, and
a distinct inclination to liquidation was shown
'by longs for a short time after. Liverpool
i quotations showed a decline of %c, and world's
shipments were 6,810.000 bushels, or about 200.
--000 bushels over estimated weekly require
ments. Receipts at all points were large, and
I the seasonable weather prevailing everywhere
; augured a continuance of a bis country move
' ment. December wheat opened at 70% c, com
'■ pared with yesterday's closing price of 71'*c.
j It sold at 70%@70%C, and then slowly rallied
j to 71c under a moderate covering movement,
I but this demand satisfied, the market dropped
' again. The price got under puts and stayed
there most of the time until late In the ses
sion. The Government report was expected
1 this afternoon, and pending its publication
] traders did not care to do much either way.
I contenting themselves with evening up as
j much as possible. As a result, prices for long
| peril were practically at a standstill. Eu
ropean crop reports were more favorable than
i of late, and this Induced more or less scat-
I tered liquidation, especially early in the scs
i sion. New York reported an advance In freight
rates was interfering with export business.
I About thirty loads were taken ..or export.
! Late In the day the market was stiffened by
i tips that the Government report would show
! a big drop. This caused enough buying to
! advance the December price to 71% c, where it
, closed. September closed unchanged at 70% c
I after selling at 70c.
I Corn was dull and Irregular. Weak cables
I and heavy receipts gave the market a down
ward tendency, but a demand from shorts for
deferred futures held prices steady. There was
I Home commission-house liquidation of Septem
! ber and prices of that option declined slightly.
December closed unchanged. September closed
I %6'ic lower.
Oats were quiet but firm, though opening
I lower In sympathy with other grains. Shorts
j were good buyers and the shipping demand
I was good. December closed with a gain of
%@*4c, and September rose He.
Provisions early in the session suffered a
little from the spread of yellow fever In the
South, which caused some outside selling.
Packers were good buyers and the slight de
, cline was recovered. The cash demand was
I good, and there was some talk of a shortage
iin young hogs. At the close October pork
was 5c higher; lard and ribs, unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
! September 70% 70% 70 70%
December 70 71% 70% 71%
May 73% 74% 73% 74%
Corn No. —
September 31% 31% 81 31%
December 25% 25% 28% 28%
May 29% 29% 29 29%
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21% 21 21%
December.... 20% 20% "20% 20%
May 22 22% 21?* 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October ....8 00 810 7 97% 810
December 8 12% 8 22% 8 12% 8 22%.
January 950 853 9 47% 955
Lard per 100 pounds —
October 5 27% .... .... 5 27%
December 5 35 5 35 5 35 6 33
January 5 40 5 45 5 40 6 45
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 5 20 5 25 5 20 E 25
January 4 «Vi 4 97% 4 92% 4 97%
("ash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 65@69%c;
No. 2 red, 72c; No. 2 corn, 31®31%c; No. 2 oats'
1 21%(522c; No. 2 white, 23% c; No. 3 white, 22'/iM
2P.V-C: NO. 2 rye, SGVJ©S6%c: No. 2 barley, 86%©
45c": No. 1 fiaxseed, SI 04%@l 05; prime timothy
I seed, $2 25<g2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $7 20®
i 8 10; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 12%@ 1 5 27%; short
ribs sides (loose), Jo 10®5 40; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed),- $5 62V 2 75; short clear sides
(boxed). $5 60®5 66: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 22.
Articles— ■' ' ' Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrel!. 20,000 23,000
Wheat, bushels 115,000 ' . 40.000
Corn, bushels 622,000 £83,000
Oats, bushels ......:.. 456, . 450.000
Rye, bushels 15,000 -600
Barley, bushels 47,000 97,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16@20c; dairy, 13@
17c. Cheese, firm, Utilise. Eggs, firm, 14VaC.
Foreign Markets.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Sept. Dec. Mar.
Onenlnir .59 5 114 6 *™
.:::::::::::::::: 5 s%, 10% 0%.
PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. -Apr.
Opening »70 20 60
Closing ..:::.::;::.: I 9 oa 20 55
Oneninir 26 65 27 &0
Mng* .::::::::::::::::::::::■■■• w 273 °
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Sept. 11.— Following Is the
statement of the visible supply in store and
afloat on Saturday, September 9. as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange: Wheat,
36.129.000 bushels. Increase 1,258,000; corn
7,617. bushels, increase 822,000; oats, 5,661,000
bushels, Increase 576,000; rye, 597.000 bushels,
increase 69 000' barley, 618,000 bushels, decrease
326,000.
California Fruit Sales.
MONTREAL. Sept. 11.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction as fol
lows:
Grapes, Tokay, single crates, $1 40@l 75. aver
age Jl 55; Peaches. Picquet's Late, boxes, aver
age Jl 25; Salways, average $1 35; Bartletts,
boxes, »1 6O1&2 20; average $1 93.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Sept. 11— CATTLE— A good run
of Cattle to-day was disposed of readily at
prices prevailing late last week. Good to
choice Cattle, $5 75<2'6 85; commoner grades,
$4 30ig5 70; stockers and feeders, $3@4 75; bulls,
cows and heifers. $2{!'3 40; Texas steers, $3 60<a>
4 25- rangers, $3 6O&-6 35, and calves, $4<&7 25.
HOGH— Receipts of Hogs were heavier than
expected and prices dropped about 5c from last
week's level. Heavy Hogs, $4 15@4 65; mixed
lots $4 30<&)4 70; pigs, %i su'ff4 50; culls, $2<&4 16.
SHEEP-Both Sheep and Limits were weak
and 103'15c lower under a heavy run. Sheep,
J2S3 25 for culls, up to J^J4 15 for fat Westerns.
A few fat I^amba suld at $5 85, but the bulk
of good Lambs went at *&@6 30; commoner
grades, *4<&5 IS-
Receipts— Cattle, 19,000; Hogs, 28,000; Sheep,
28,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. 11— Clearings, $351,089; bal
ancess, $53,322.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 11.— There was a further
weakening in the Eastern and foreign wheat
markets to-day, and while there is no little of
fering at present as to make accurate quota
tion difficult, buyers were willing to pay about
the same figure as on Saturday. Walla Walla
held at .iS§;.9c, with reports that a shade higher
had been paid for a choice lot. Valley was
steady at 60c and bluestem nominal at 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 11.— WHEAT— Dull; dub, ex
port, CSc; milling, &ie; bluestem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 11.— Consols, 104 11-16^in4-, ;
etlver, 27"^d; French rentes, lOOf SOc&lCKif 77% c;
wheat cargoes off coast, very little doing;
' cargoes on passage, quieter, hardly any de
; mand; cargoes No. 1 standard California, 30s:
I Import into United Kingdom, wheat, 227, 'J00
1 centals- (lour 316.000 centals; wheat and flour
• on passage to United Kingdom, 2.060,000 cen
talß; wheat and flour on passage to Continent,
1 l,3&'\000 centals.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 11.— Wheat, dull; wheat
In Paris, dull: flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull. Futures, quiet; Sep
tember 5s BV*d; December, 6s 10% d; March,
1 6s %d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new. quiet, 3s
3\d ; spot American mixed old, quiet, 3s 4 7^d.
Futures, quiet; September, 3s 4%d; October,
■ 3s 6V4d; November, 3s 6%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 «4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, eight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12^
Mexican Dollars 48 4b\
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was *»d lower. The Mark
Lane Express reported the European crops
turning out better than expected. The visi
ble supply in the United States . Increased
1,258,000 bushels, and the prospects were for
lower prices. Under these conditions Chicago
declined slightly and this market followed
suit.
Later on Chicago was firmer at a small ad
vance. The demand was slow, however, and
chiefly to fill shorts.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02H@l 03%; milling,
|] 07*401 10.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
10.000 ctls, $110; 6000, $109%; May — 2000,
$1 io>,i.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls. $1 10;
8000 $1 10*: 12.000, $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session— December, 2000 ctls,
$1 10%; 6000. $1 io'/s; 2000, $1 oa%; 30,000. $110.
May- 2000. $1 15%.
Afternoon December— 000 ctls,
$1 lOVi: 8000, $J 10'n.
BAHLEY— The market is dull and unchanged.
Trading on call is stagnant.
Feed, 80SS3»ic: Brewing, 90®95c; Chevalier,
Jl 10I&1 22% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No 6ales.
Second Session— sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Opened the week dull and rather
soft, though there was no decline. White,
$1 10S1 25; Red, $1 0"'-Ail 15; per ctl; Black,
92H'@U.
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 05; White
and mixed, Jl 02^«l 05 per ctl.
RYE— 9ofi'92Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $: 25@3 for super
fine.
M I LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; , Rye
Meal $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 50<R4 75;
Oat Grouts, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25(53 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4<B'4 26; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 6596 S5; In sacks, $6 35(5j6 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 £0; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. .
1 ■ -
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Receipts of Hay since last Friday are 2124
tons, and the market continued dull and weak
in consequence. Prices stand the same. There
la no change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— SIS 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $IS@IS 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@25; Jobbing,
$28 60029; Cocoanut Cake, $20321; Cornmeal,
$23 &0<&24 60; Cracked Corn, J24&25; Mixed Feed,
J16<3'16 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY Wheat. $6 60<ffS 50 for common to good
and J9@9 25 for choice: Wheat and Oat, $6@
8 50; Oat, $6'{?7 50; Barley, $5@7; Island Barley,
Jss?s 50; Alfalfa, $5 50@7 per ton; Compressed,
$« SOO9.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The last Panama steamer took 1853 ctls of
Mustard to New York.
A few changes In Beans appear. The market
continues dull.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 65@1 75; Small White,
$2 07H@2 17%: Large White, $1 60#l 75; Pinks,
$2 15i@2 25; Reds. $4: Blacke>«-, $3@3 50; But
ters nominal; Limas. $4 10; Pea, $2 15@2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 25@2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2Htf3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax, $1 90@2 10; Canary Seed,
2\<33c per Ib for California and 3V4c for East
ern; Alfalfa. BV4@9%c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4V4c: Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 50; Green, $1 50
©2 uer ctl. -'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are rather lower. J A
car of Sweets from Merced sold at 2c.
Tomatoes were still low, but the market
showed steadier symptoms. The other Vege
tables were dull and not materially changed.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. 75@S0c; Early
Rose, 60(g60c: Burbanks, 60@70c per ctl; Sali
nas Burbanks, fK)c(gsl 15; Sweet Potatoes, 2@
2%c per Ib. .... .
ONIONS — 70@S5c per ctl for Sllverskins;
Pickle Onions. 50@75c per ctl. - ,
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, . So per Ut>;
String Beans, l@2c; Lima Beans. l@2c; Cab
bage, 50@60c; River Tomatoes. 10@25c; Alameda
Tomatoes, 25c: Egg Plant, 2o(??30c; Green Okra,
50(565c per box; Garlic, 2(&3c; Green Pep
pers 35^400 for Chili and 36rjj4Oc per box lor
Bell; Carrots, 30W40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers
2."@35c: Pickles, Jl 5001 75 per ctl for No. 1 ana
7Gc for No. 2; Summer Squash. 25'335c: Marrow
fat Squash, JltVßl2 per ton; Green Com. Zofgsw
per sack. 60975 c per crate for Alameda ana
25@35c for Berkeley^
Poultry and Game.
The week starts off with four cars of East
ern Poultry, which is selling at 16c for Tur
keys. $4 50@5 for Ducks. $1 25@1 75 for Geese,
\im "'0 for Hens, $6 for young Roosters. $5
for old do. $3 50^4 50 for Fryers, and $34/3 50
for Broilers. The outlook for local stock this
week is poor.
Game is in light receipt.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 14@15c for Gob
bler* and 14f?15c for Hen*; Younic Turkey*.
16@18c; Geese, per pair. $1 2j@l SO; Goslings
U 50@l 75; Ducks, $3<fi4 for old . and $4131. 50
for young; Hens, $3 BOOM SO; young Roosters,
$4 50®5: old Roosters, J4 2."<34  0; Fryers, *3 50®
4; Broilers. $3@3 60 for large, $2 60@3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $1 i 5
@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves. 75c per dozen; Grouse. »7:
Sage Hens. $3@4; Mountain Quail. $2 25@8 50;
Hare, $I@l 25; Rabbits, »1 2S@l 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
i Butter opened the week lower and easy. The
retailers are offering it low. Cheese is also
easy and in good supply. There is no further
decline in Eggs, but they are weak.
BUTTKR—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25@26c; seconds,
24 c
Dairy— Fancy. 22%@23c; good to choice, 21®
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 2OC<i2lc; firkin, 19@21c; creamery
tub, 21@22c per Ib. -" ■'* ■■_ >A
CHEESE— mild new, 11® 11 Vie; old. 10
®l'oV4c: Young America, ll@ll%c; Eastern. 14 !
@15c
EGGS— Quoted at 21@25c for store and 27@30c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 22&@24c for
selected. 20@210 for No. 1 and 17@li»c for sec
onds. „
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Limes are selling at a sharp advance, being
scarce. Lemons are dull.
Grapes are In liberal supply and slow at the
low prices.
Peaches. Plums and Pears are firm, with
moderate stocks.
Cantaloupes are firm, but Nutmegs are weak.
Watermelons are lower.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 3".<g6oc per box for common and 75c@
$1 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, »3®4 50 per chest:
Strawberries, *6<?7 per chest for small and
$2<B'3 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $3@4 per
chest; Huckleberries, 4@sc per lb.
Grapes 20!iT30c per box and crate for Fon
talnebleau, 25@40 for black, 25@50c for Mus
cat 30@40c for Tokay. 75@85c for Seedless, 40@
50c' for Cornlchon and 75®S5c for Isabellas; ,
Wine Grapes. $IS<£2O per ton.
! Watermelons, $s<{?l7 per 100.
[ Cantaloupes, 50C&J1 per crate; Nutmegs. 20®
30c per box.
Pears. Bartlett. $1 25(J1 50 per box for No. 1
and 50©76 c for No. 2; in hulk. $35@50 per ion.
I Figs, 50@75c per box for double layers of
small black and 50«a60c for large purple.
Peaches, 40@75c per box; In bulk, $206 35 per
Plums, 25@50c per box and ?20@30 per ton;
Prunes 40®60c per crate.
Quinces, 4CQCOc per box. -._,_.
CITRUS V HUITS— Lemons. Jl®l 75 for com
mon and ?2fi2 50 for good to- choice; Mexican
Limes $6 5057; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas, $1 6002 80, per bunch; Pineapples, *1
@1 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Medium Prunes are weak, but the large and '
small sizes keep up better. The demand is said j
to be improving In New York, but this market
is dull. Apples are slightly off. The other
fruits show no changss worthy of note.
DRIED FRUITS (New Prunes, in
sacks 5V4c for 40-50' s, 4Hc for 50-60' s, 3%@4c for
60-70's 3@3Uc for 70-80's. 3c for 80-90*8 and 2%
©2v*c for 90- 100' s; Apricots, 10®!le for Royals,
14^jl5c for Moorparks and 12@12'ic for Blen
heims: Peaches, 4@4%c for Standards. s@s^e
for choice and (&tV&C for fancy: peeled Peaches,
Kngllc; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried,
•IV" "'-c per lb; Nectarines. 7@BHc per lb for
red and 8010 c for white; Pears, 7@Bc for quar
ters and B@loc for halves; Black Figs, 3c.
RAISINS— B%c for two-crown, 4%»c tor three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4'%®'6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
tor London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2Vu3c.
NUTS— Walnuts, s©Sc for hardshell, 16@12c
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, U@l2c; Almonds,
104@nVsc for paper shell, B@9c for soft and
465 c for hard shell; Peanuts, o%'4i\c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. RU<i/9c: Filberts, 11@
ll^c- Pecans. 7H*oßc; Cocoanuts, $4 50<@5.
HONEY— Comb, U'-sc for bright and lOVic for
light amber; water white extracted, 7V* &><**<:;
i light amber extracted. 6&@7c, dark, o^c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Cured Meats continue firm, as previously
noted. Prices, however, stand the same.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, S%c per ib for
heavy. 9@9^sc for light medium, lie for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13^jc; California
Hams, 13c: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $16 &0; mess,
JlsCjilo 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD- Tierces quoted at SVs&'^c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins, S«4c: 5-lb tins. SVjc.
COTTOLENE— 6vi@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted ■
steers. 10<glOV4c; medium, 9-<f9^c; light, 9c;
Cowhides. »c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c- dry Hides, sound, lGc; culls -nd brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c; dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool. 3.V@6oc each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c£?$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 25 for
large and $1 25@1 50 for small; Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb; No.
2, 3(B3Vsc; refined. : grease, 2ig2>>ic.
WOOL — Spring Clips— San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 month*. S®llc: San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective. S@Dc; Valley Oregon, 17@lSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12®14c for choice and 9@11%0
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs. 8®10c; do
plains. "®Bc: San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain. 7^©!>c.
HOPS— New are quoted at 12',4@14c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— It Is Bald that the outside Bags,
which have been offering under the combina
tion price, are almost exhausted. Calcutta j
Grain Bags. 7@7 I ,ic: Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; Fruit
Bags 6Hc Tp^c and 6c for the three grades of
white and' 7®7%c for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle, $5:
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $".; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch,' $S: Cumberland, $9 60 in bulk and $10 75
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel. $S P<r ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60: Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c;
Powdered, 5%c: Candy Granulated, 5Hc;
Dry Granulated. be; Confectioners' A. sc; Cali
fornia A, — ; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C. 4Hc;
Golden C, 4%c: barrels, l-16c more; half barrels.
J,;c more: boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, %c moro.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, s*ic; boxes,
6c per lb. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
No change to report.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— per lb for Steer:, and 6H@7c for
Cows.
VEAL— "@loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7V4c; Ewes, 6@6W,c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, ,, B@SVic per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, Mi®6%c for small, 6c for
medium and 5%©6% c for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, 6%c; dressed Hogs, 7(gS%c.
Receipts, of Produce.
FOR SEPTEMBER 9, 10 AND 11.
Flour, qr sks 28.722 Sugar, bbls i 23'
Wheat, ctls 9,640 Sugar, sks 2'c3o
Barley, ctls 37,630 Raisins, bxs. . " 'roo
Oats, ctls 2,930 Wine, gals '..'.' 44 100
( Cheese, ctls 3,310 Wool, bags '143
! Butter, ct15...... l.<!> Eggs, doz ."' 10 050
Tallow, ctls 233 Quicksilver, risks ' 3,s'
Beans, sks 47 Leather, rolls.. 336
Potatoes, sks 12,302 Hides n0.... ' 990
Onions, sks 1.562 Pelts,* bdls... " 40-.
Bran, sks 610 Hops, bales "■>
Middlings, sks... 740 Straw, tons ', 55
Mustard Seed sks : 317 1 Hay tons ' 2iw
Shorts. Bks 47 ,OX. "' *
Chicory, sks — .. , 20 Wool, bales.... 7S
Chicory, bbls sol "" '*
Lime, bbls 332
« "WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks , 4,6lß|Bran, sks... «7?
Wheat, ctls 9001 . ' 833
THE STOCK MARKET.
A fair business was done in securities on the
morning; session, but the only change worthy of
note was a slight decline in Paauhau Planta
tion to $38 68.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers' sold up to
$118 76. -^ ■...,. •j;/^i; ; :-;;V "'. ,'.'. v
Minim stock* were rather weaker, though
prices showed little change. The telegram,
from the pump said: "No. V elevator has oeen
running continuously since last report At o:3U
this morning the water. was 34 feet 2 inches be
low the l&ou-foot level 6tation.
The Potosi assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day, and the Challenge delinquent
sale taxes piace to-day.
Dividends, were paid yesterday as follows:
Pacific Gas improvement Company, 40c per
share; San Jose Water Company, 50c per share;
Giant Consolidated Powder Company, 50c per
share; Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company, 350
per share.
t The Mead Gold Mining and filling Com
pany's regular quarterly dividend No. 4, at
the rate of 40 cents per annum, Is payable
September 11.
'I/he Boston and California Gold Mining and
Milling Company's regular dividend No. 3, at
the rate of « per cent per annum, is payable
1 (September 15.
The Haven mine of Colorado will pay a
dividend of $10,000 on the 20th.
The Mayflower Gravel Mining Company of
Placer County hae levied an assessment of 6
cents per share, delinquent October 9.
The official letter from the Ophir mine for
the past week says: The 1000-foot level station
i Is being repaired and the blower put in order
to deliver air to the west drift in Uphir and
i east drift in Mexican. One of the bob pits
above the lOuO level is now being stripped and
the pipes conveying water down the shaft are
being repaired on the 1465, the level through
which the water Is taken through the C. & C.
workings to the Sutro tunnel. Central tun
nel — The joint Mexican west crosscut was ad
vanced lv feet; total, ISO feet; lace in softer
birdseye porphyry. The north drift is being
timbered. There is heavy ground In the main
west drift beyond the Mexican shaft that re
quires retimbt-ring, this being done when pus
' slble. Sutro tunnel connection — The direct con
i nection drift lias been advanced 22 feet; total
• length, 415 feet; face in vein porphyry. The
south drift has been extended 16 feet; total
length, 83 feet; face in clay, porphyry and some
quartz. Thw southwest drift was stopped
last Saturday, the face being In vein matter
between two well-defined clay walls; the vein
1 has turned abruptly to the south. Work has
been resumed in the winze on this vein on the
east side of the north lateral of the Sutro tun
nel. The winze is being widened and tlm
-1 bered and a windlass put up. Sinking will
: be resumed in a. few days.
The report of the operations In the Con
! eolidated California and Virginia mine for the
• week ending September 9 says: 1400 — The
west drift was extended 18 feet; total length,
878 feet. Formation passed through porphyry
and streaks of quartz, one of the streaks yield
ing assays from »2 50 to $7 per ton. 1660 level
—Necessary repairs being made. 1750 level—
south drill on the sill floor was cleaned out
. and retim bered 13 feet; total length from the
etope, 65 feet. A small drift was started on
the fourth floor and extended In a south
: westerly direction 20 feet, passing through
quartz, clay and porphyry. Put in one set
south on the fourth floor and one set west.
We have extracted from these openings 28
cars of ore assaying $29 64 per ton In gold and ]
17 cars of gold value of $8 72 per ton. 1800 level :
—West crosscut No. 1 started from the south
drift SO feet from the winze station has been j
advanced 13 feet; total length, 113 feet; face in I
hard rock.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140-foot ■
level, the south drift, started from the main j
, west crosscut opposite the north drift, was ad- |
vanced 22 feet; total length 382 feet; face in
soft porphyry and clay. West crosscut No. 1,
from the south drift from a point 236 feet
south from the main west crosscut, has been
extended 16 feet; total length, 24 feet; face In '
porphyry and quartz, the quartz yielding as- j
says from $1 50 to $3 per ton. 900 level — West j
crossscut No. 7 from the north lateral drift |
from a point 150 feet north from west crosscut i
No. 6 and 700 feet north from the Sierra Ne- i
vada shaft, was advanced 11. feet; total length, j
61 feet; face in porphyry.
The following companies had cash on hand i
September 1: Alpha Con., $3721; Andes, $1474;
Alta, $715. with an indebtedness at the bank of
$1000; Belcher, $1510; Best & Belcher. $753; Bul
lion, $2035; Caledonia, $4616, with mine expenses
for August unpaid; Con. California and Vir
ginia, $2031, with mine expenses for August '<
partially unpaid and an assesssment being col- j
lected; Chollar. $13,544; Confidence, $3346, with !
August expenses at the mine unpaid; Con. New j
York, $202; Crown Point, $4750, with August
expenses at the mine unpaid; Con. Imperial, ;
$1735; Challenge Con., $3502: Exchequer. $178;
Hale & Norcross, $2744. with bills payable of
$1766; Julia Con., $"91; Justice, $1885; Mexican.
| $3731; Ophir, J9252; Overman, $1155, with
, AuguEt expenses at the mine unpaid and an j
! assessment being collected; Savage, $*059, and j
assessment being collected; Seg. Belcher, $405-;
! Silver Hill, $190; Scorpion. $12; Sierra Nevada, |
$9340; Standard Con., $116,684. with August bul- !
lion cleanup to be received and expenses for
that month to be paid: Syndicate, $1617; Union
Con., $14,240, and assessment being collected;
Utah Con., $3042, and assessment being col
lected.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Monday, Sept. 11—2 p. m.
Bib.As.-: Bid.Ask.
4s quar c0up.. 112% — Mutual El Co. 17% 17', I
4.« quar reg.... — — O G L, & H.. 49 49*4 i
4s new quar... — 131% Pac Gas Imp. — 6S 7 *
3s quar c0up..108%109 Pac LCo 39 41%
Miscellaneous— |S F G & E.... 67 68
Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — . San Fran 3% 3%
C C Wat 55... — 110%; Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.. 130 — '< Insurance—
F& Cl Ry 65. 114 — Firem'e Fund. 22s —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 545.1 07% — Anglo-Cal .... 65 —
L, A Ry 5s 106%106% Bank of Ca1.. 282 255
L A 1, Co 6b.. 99 — Cal S D & T.. 97% 98
do gtnd 65.. 99 — i First Xationl.234 — |
do entd 55.. — 100 Lon P & A.... 128 — I
Market-st 65. .128% — : Mer Exchange— 16 j
do Ist M 55. 115% — Nev Nat 8k..152%1&0
N C N G R7s.HO — I Savings Banks—
N Rof Cal 63.114 — Ger S & L...1650 — i
N R of Cal Ssllsa&lloai'Hum S L.1050 1160 i
NPC R R 65. 105% — Mut Bay Bk. 39 42%
NPC R R 58.105 107 S F Say D... 500 —
N Cal R X 68.113 — Say & L So. — 82&
OGI, & H 110% — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Trans 6s. — 112 Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
Om C Ry 65.. 127 130 ' Street Railroads—
P &Cl Ky 6s. 106 — California ....120 —
rk & O Ry 6s. 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st RGs.llS — Market-st .... 63 63%
Sac El G&Rfis — — Oak S L & H. — E0
SF & N P 55. 114% — i Presidio 12 —
S F & S JVsslls»i — ' Powder —
S Ry of Cal 65108% — California ....150 165
SPof A 65. ...112 113% E Dynamite... 85 —
SP C 1 ]«<•:, ill 14 — Giant Con Co. 74% 74%
X P C 65(1906) — 114%:Vigorit 2% —
B P C 65(J912)122 — liana P C 0.... 15 15%
SPCIs eg ss. 102% — Haw C&S C. 95% 96%
SP Br 65...... — 126 Hutch S P Co 31% 32
S V Wat 65.. — 115 Kilauea S C... — 31
S V Wat 45.. 104 — Makawell SC. 51% —
S V W 45(3dm)101% — Onomea S C... 39 —
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paahau S Co.. 38% 39
Water Stocks — ! Miscellaneous —
Contra Costa.. 75%— Al Pac Assn..llS%llßSi
Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. lol^lo2% Oceanic S Co 89 90
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent G C 0.... — — Pac C Bor Co. 140 142%
Cent I, & P... — 7 Par Paint Co. S% —
Equit G L Co. 3% 5
Morning Session.
Board—
2 Bank of California 253 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 15 25
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 00
25 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 9550
F.n Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 95 37% |
300 Makaweli Sugar Co 5125 !
25 Mutual Electric Light 17 25 I
55 Oakland Gas 49 00 |
$1000 Oakland Gas Bonds 110 50 I
100 Onomea Sugar Co '. 33 00 i
40 Paauhau S P Co 38 75 L
10 Paauhau S P Co 88 62% f
(88 Paauhau S P Co 38 50 |
ISO Paauhau S P Co 38 37% j
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 75 I
:, S F <;as & Electric Co 67 624
lti Spring Valley Water 102 00
15 Spring Valley Wajer 102 12H
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association IIS 75 '
TO Contra Costa Water 75 2."> i
20 Hana Plantation Co 15 25 !
170 Mnkaweli Sugar Co 5125 '
20 Mutual Electric Light 17 25 j
$15,000 Northern Railway of Cal 55... 115 50
135 Onomea Sugar Co 39 00 I
10) Paauhau S P Co 88 25 i
5 Paauhau S P Co 38 3714 '
40 Spring Valley Water 102 00
50 Vigorlt Powder 2 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
-85 Giant Powder 73 75
15 Mutual Electric Light ' 17 371'
20 Mutual Electric Light ' 17 50
54 Makawell Sugar Co .. 51 SW
50 Makawell Sugar Co ..[ 51 50'" ,
.10 Hawaiian Com'] & Sugar .96 00 *
20 Pacific Coast Borax 14» -,
2 S F Gas & Electric "]\ 67 00
40 Spring Valley Water 10-) 101/
100 Vigorit Powder ..., \[\ 275
Afternoon Session.
Board —
40 Giant Powder 73 75
25 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar .. " <>« no
GO S F Gas & Electric "■' 6775
30 Market Street Railway !.'.' 63 3714
DO Onomea Sugar Co " 3900
20 Spring Valley Water !!!!'.102 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 35 1 100 Overman 11
400 Rest & Belcher 58 300 Potosi 14 I
600 ('hollar 42 200 Savage .!!!'.' 3(>
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 550 Sierra Nevada! 85
Con ,V a J & Va..l 7 -' : 100 Sierra Nevada. S4 |
800 Gould & Curry. 22 500 Sierra Nevada M
100 Justice 14 1000 Union Con.. 45
50 Mexican 51 600 Utah . ' ' 14 I
250 Mexican 50 100 Yellow Jacket' 31 '
100 Ophlr 1, 15 " . x \
Afternoon Session.
400 Chollar 41 j 100 Occidental 27
15 Con Cal & Va..l SO I 200 Ophir ""l is
60 Con Cal & Va..l 70 700 Potost V
300 Gould & Curry. 31 1 500 Sierra Nevada' 83
100 Hale & Norcrs. 321 100 Union Con . "45
200 Mexican ...:... .49. 500 Union Con I.!!! 44
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Challenge Con.. 35! 200 Ophir .... 1 12U
100 ('hollar 42 200 Potosl ......." 35
300 Con Cal & V.I 7214 600 Sierra Nevada". 86
200 Gould & Curry. 33 : 60 Sierra Nevada. 87
2CO Gould & Curry. 32 100 Union Con 45
300 Hale & Norcrs. 41 ! 200 Union Con 46
300 Mexican 5111800 Utah 15
.' . Afternoon Session.
300 Andes .....:.... 16 : 100 Crown Point. 21
200 Best & Belcher 57 100 Mexican 60
600 Chollar ......... - 131 200 Occidental ..... 25
.-.'.-.. • -..■■ .. .'.■ ... • ,'
200Chollar 44] 400 Ophir 113%
600 Chollar 45 200 Potosi ?■
500 Chollar 46 200 Poto3i 3
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 200 Savage 2
100 Confidence 75 1 200 Sierra Ixevada.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. September 11 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
Alpha OS <i 7 Tustice 13 H
Alta 05 06 Ken tuck 03
Andes 16 17 Lady Wash.... 01
belcher 35 36 Mexican 49 :
liest & Belcher 66 57 Occidental 24 2
bullion 06 OS Ophir 110 1
".iledonla 70 — Overman 14 15
c; .liar 44 45 Potosi 35 3(
Challenge Con.. 35 38 Savage 23 3
Ooi.fldence 75 S2 Scorpion 02 —
1 "'on Cal & Va..l 65 1 70 Seg Belcher....
Ton Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 82
!>own Point... 21 23 Silver Hill 02 I
"mi New York. — 02 Syndicate —
Eureka C0n.... — 50 Standard 270
Exchequer — 0." «t Louis —
3ould & Curry. 31 32 L'nion Con 43
Hale & Norcrs. 31 32 Ctah 14
.Julia 02 03 Yellow Jarket.. 3
Notice to Manners.
Office of United States Lighthouse In-
Thirteenth District, Portland, Or.,
ber 7. 1899.
RICH PASSAGE, WASHINGTON.
Notice is hereby given that on Augn
changes, as follows, were made in th<:- !
in Rich Passage, Washington:
Orchard Rocks Buoy No 2, a red
clats nun, was established In 15 feel 0
on the north side, of the chani
Passage to mark a submergr-1 rock hi
fathoms of water over it at low w Lter (t. hard
Rocks spindle N\V. by W. \ v. .. Orchard
Point Post Light SW. h* W.
1 Orchard Rocks Buoy No. 4. a •
class nun, formerly No. 2, was renu-.
4, without change In position.
Thiß notice affects the List of Beacons a:.
Bu.ys, Pacific Coast, IS9S, pag
By order of the United States I>ir:
Board. W. L. FIELI>. Commander U. 3. N .
Inspector Thirteenth Lighthouse 1
<$> — : —
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Thu
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
'ast tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r>-!erence is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisc", Cal.,
September 11, lS^f.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. T. S N\. In charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, September 11.
Ptrnr Alcazar, Gundereon, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Progreso, Gllboy. S4 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Tiliamook, Anflndsen. 20 hours from
Ufcal.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 36 hours from
-scent City.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, So hours from Ven
tura.
Simr Washtenaw, Croscur>, 90 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 16 days from Seattle.
Tug Rescue, Thompson, 4S hours from Eu- .
reka. '
Ft bark MacMahon, Chotard, 147 days from
Swansea.
Schr San Buenaventura, Langkilde, 10 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Bella, Smith, 5 days from Siuslaw
River.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing. CLEARED. .
CLEARED.
Monday, September 11. -^
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rcsa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nana::r, R
Dunsmuir'a Sons Co.
SAILED.
Monday, September 11
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen. .
Stmr George Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka,
Stmr Cleone, Higgins, with schr Nettle Sund
borg In tow.
Stmr Whiteboro, Olsen, ..
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanain. >.
Ship C F Sargent, Haskell, Seattle.
Bktn Willie R Hume. Holmquist. Port Gam
ble.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Nelson, in tow Btmr
Cleone.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 11. 10 p m-^Veather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
.":> SPOKEN.
Per Fr bark MacMahon, July 10, !«t 59 S.
lon 74 20 W— Nor bark Cathaima, from Mel
bourne, for Hull. •
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Crescent City— Sept 10 11:45 p m,
25 miles NVV of Point Reyes, passed the raft,
which we thought was towing. Weather mod
erate; sea smooth. .
Per stmr Washtenaw, from Ta °ma. Sept I 1
—Sept 11. at. l 2 noon, off Point Reyes, passed
stmr Czarina, Latter was making a circle in
search of derelict raft, which "he previously
had in tow, bound from Seattle for San Fran- 1
Cisco. r
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Sept 11— Tokohama telegraphs Jap
stmr America Maru sailed yesterday for San
Francisco. Bunker coal had "b -en on fire.
Continued on Page 11.ULTERIOR END
OF MELODRAMA
IS FULL HOUSES
"The Wages of Sin"
a Case in Point.
LOHENGRIN AT THE TIVOLI
— ♦ —
A CHORUS THAT IS NOT QUITE
UP TO DATE.
Columbia Will Have a Week of
Darkness Preparatory to the
Receiving of Mine.
Modjsska.
The characteristic inability of melo
drama to leave anything unsaid—any
thing to the imagination is very restful
to the brain, 'specially after a season of
dramatic eplgrau», "The Wages of Sin"
Js unquestionably a melodrama. You
can calculate to a hair who is to make
the next entrance and why— you feel the
shadows before the: cast them. No, not
always the shadows— sometimes the
gleams of sunshine. Nothing in the action
<jf lite, Is cut that can be slowly and pain
tully unur-d, the unaccustomed side of a
lact i.« never presented, the most im
possible things happen, the most unlikely
people hob-nob and yet if you lot your
eelf go with tne action hither and" yon,
stionlngly you will find the evening
far from dull. I have never seen any
one overcome the soliloquy of melodrama,
the intolerable lengths of dul explana
tory conversation, better than Eugene
Ormonde. To make love in the open ten
feet from a door marked "office " and not
v. stone's throw from a busy mill, is
neither a natural nor an easy task. He
made it seem both. He was never for
a moment melodramatic But after all,
Why should he be? There is nothing es
pecially melodramatic In a pure ambition
or in a life devoted to it. He looked well
in clerical garb, too, though not like a
clergyman. Still 1 snatched this verse
from the iipa of an impromptu poet be
hind me:
O, Ormcnde, Eugene Ormonde —
You were born to wear th« cloth.
'Tis life, old man, you're giving vs —
Not acting— by my troth!
He gives a painstaking, lingering treat
ment to the pathetic parts, but he does not
overdo em, and he never strives for a
pose that shall be scrupulously becoming.
Mips Foster wao a quiet, effective Ruth
Hope and Miss Helen Henry a dainty
ltose Deane. She selects her business
charmingly. Mi*s Juliet- Crosby as Juliana
liloggs, tho coming Juliet, did her best
work in the stage-struck vein. Miss Howe
had an excellent make-up as the mother
whose dull visions of a lost Utopia (the
coal and "tater" husiness) rose ever be
tween her and the fame of dear Juliana.
She carrier 1 her sorrows most commo
dlously and effectively. Those ho had
much to say said it knowingly, from a
melodramatic standpoint, and the smaller
ones did their no less important duty.
What Is the exact office of melodrama Is
a question for the wisest. Perhaps its
object is what Mrs. Bloggs said was the
object of Juliana's benefit: "To get - as
many people into the 'ouse as the 'ouse
will 'old." If so. it generally succeeds.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Tivoli.
In all his works Wagner reveals th»
have suc
putting the various
- Wugner.
of then work in
is It were into
, i the advantage of
well as b musician, and
■.•• underst i thoroughly
art to the
I ■ rver will not
nshlp between
. . the melody, especially
.- thfi grand duet in the
Eloa and Lohengrin.
aria containing the devo-
Lite examples in
•' of an artist
who ' ctory presentation of
v. ' No 01 \>. as at the
Tivoll - ili deny that liarron
l-i.-rt. 1 fully capable of
fl ' part.
; poetry
with music, the Binder must combine
bility. if he be
■ •! the other of
is positively
Berthald did not only meet
both the dramatic
• the role, but went
. rt with an ease and an
tn that stamped him
and ono especially fit for
GRAPE-NUTS.
FOOD ECONOMY.
Bulk
V 8
Concentration.
Grape ■ Nuts.
Diec -issed Bc'ow.
Th" question <~>i obtaining a high
food at a moderate i>ri<< e is of in-
■ .-.• housekeeper and pro-
vider.
Some food la so bulky that even at a
very low price per pound the actual
food value ie BO little that it is really
expensive; on the ether hand, there are
concentrated foods, like, for instance,
the famous breakfast food known as
•'Grape-Nuts," that yield in food units
co much value that but little of the food
bhould be used at a time, and in reality,
when properly used, the expense la
above one cent per meal.
, It Is a common mistake to use too
'much of the food Grape-Nufs. Its taste
is crisp, with the delicate sweet flavor
of grape sugar, and one Is inclined to
eat double the proper quantity. A lady
writes from Indianapolis. Mrs. A. L.
Wilson: "We have been using your
Grape-Nuts now for two or three
weeks. l cannot tell you how much I
lind it has benefited me. My husband
is a physician and he not only uses it at
each meal, but like* it at bedtime."
i ing the food In this way, some
families might be impressed with the
co&t, but after all, good food, which
keeps the family in prime condition of
health, at a moderate cost, is very much
more profitable, so far as dollar* and
centß ,re concerned, than to make use
cf low-grade, bulky foods and from
time to time call in a physician to help
out;
The use of "Grape-Nuts' in reason-
nble quantity costs one cent per meai,
and the food stands without an equal
in point of nutrition and value in build-
ing up the nerve centers and tissues of
the tody. The crisp, delicate, sweet
taste come* from the grape sugar which
is produced by transformation of the
starch Of the cereals, and this grape
HUgar is presented to the system, ready
for immediate assimilation. Grape-
Nuts a-o sold by all first-class grocers
and made by the PoFtum Co. at their
lactoric* in Battle Creek, Michigan. j
\A agnerlan characters. Mr. Berthald
lias been steadily rising In the estima
tion of the public, and his Lohengrin j
has brought him an ovation which will
nx his reputation as a first-class artist
forever in this city.
Mary Linck proved, as was to be ex
pected, a most acceptable Ortrude. The
role seems to be exactly within the range
or her resonant contralto, and her |
dramatic temperament has ample oppor- j
'-unity to reveal itself. Her work in
t Lohengrin" together with her Amneris :
In "Aida" was certainly the best she has i
done during the present season, and In :
the success of these two roles she has ;
! demonstrated that she is fit to appear in !
I grand opera.
Miss Prossnitz's Elsa was one of the !
gratifying features of the evening be- j
cause of her sympathetic and serious
conception. William Mertens' Telramund
breathed the atmosphere .of the trained
musician. The orchestra did some excel
lent work, and it will net be an exag
geration to admit that Mr. Berthald and
I the orchestra are sufficient compensation
■for those who desire to hear really good
: music. Mr. Hirschfeld is entitled to a
! large amount of credit 'for the artistic
; achievement of his orchestra.
i The only drawback of the evening was
the male chorus. At times it was simply
abominable. There is one Individual
who should be surpressed, for he is abso-
I lutely unable to sing in tune. Harmony
and tempo seem to be unknown quan
tities to some of the "lobsters" in that
chorus. Perhaps after this first night a
change will be noticeable. It ougnt to ]
be improved at all events.
Altogether it was an excellent per
formance, especially as far as the solo
ists and orchestra" are concerned. This
evening Othello will be given.
ALFRED METZGER.
Orpheum.
The brave volunteers from Minnesota
and South Dakota were well represented
at the Orpheum last night and the man
! agement gave them a big bill. "When the
: stars and stripes were unrolled from in
i front of the proscenium the audience
arose and cheered the Hag again and
again as the orchestra played the "Star-
Spangled Banner." The boys who wore
the blue so gallantly were equally en
thusiastic wh'/j the biograph snowed the
I vv. York SJf.ty-nlnth at Tampa, Fla.,
: and a battle scene from Cuba.
' The Orpheum has an exceptionally line
bill this week. The new people were
warmly received and repaid the warmth
! of their reception with the excellence of
their performance. The Crawford sisters,
character change comediennes, are pretty,
j dress prettily and do the Cakewalk well.
i White and Harris are a speedy team
■ White being an Irresistibly funny Irish-
I man afflicted with Swede-ophobia. while
i Miss Harris is decidedly up to date.
! Grand Opera-House.
1 Yon Suppe's charming comic opera,
"Fatinltza," was the attraction at the
Grand Opera-house last night and all the
; principals were in the cast. Hattie Belle
Ladd was the young lieutenant who mas
queraded as Fatinitza, and she seemed
i to lack her usual vivacity and several
; times forgot her lines. She was so ill In
the early part of the evening that it was
feared she would not be able to carry
out the part, but she struggled bravely
through it to the end. William Wolff as
■ the Russian general was in his element
! and stormed and raved to the satisfaction
of everybody. Edith Mason was Princess
I,ydia and sang with her usual charm.
■ She Introduced the song "Because I Love
i You" and had to repeat it. Thomas H.
Persse was the war correspondent and
I WB.s encored for his song, "My Native
] Land." The shadow pantomime in the
i harem scene was well executed. The cos
| turner were elegant and the choruses
j finely rendered.
Columbia.
I The Columbia Theatre is dark all of
this and next week prior to the inaugural
: of its fall and winter season on the 2oth
inst. by Modjeska and her company,
! which includes John E. Kellerd. Among
! the productions to be staged are "Marie
I Antoinette," "Macbeth," "Mary Stuart,"
I "Much Ado About Nothing" and "The
j Ladies' Battle^
1 Chutes.
At the Chutes last night a large audl
i ence applauded Adgie and her performing
lions, Kuth Nelta. the coon song singer,
who for the 'first time introduced three
cute pickaninnies, and a clever lot of vau
| deville performers. The moving pictures
• were unusually interesting, especially
j those showing scenes on the firing line In
the Philippines. The apparatus for Har
! mon and Seabury's high-diving act could
i not be placed In position in time, bo these
j daring men will give their first perform
ance to-day. ,
Schooner Woodbury a Wreck.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 11.— The bark
heqpold reports the wreck of the schoo
■r woodbury on Wood Island, near the
liiskun coast. No lives were lost.
NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD
NO real estate transactions of rote
have been reported during the past
week, but there 1? a marked and
mowing demand for good invest
ment property, especially In the
wholesale district, and a number of good
«ized deals are being negotiated, with
tvery prospect of early consummation.
Septembers poor showing thus far is in
a large measure due to the fact that there
have been too many holidays, the effects
of wnich were felt In all lines of business.
\Vi at with Labor day, the Jewish re
ligion* holidays and the preparations that
have been making all week to celebrate
Admission day, the brokers have been hard
put to get the ear of prospective buyers
long enough to convince them of the mer
its of their goods.
The work of laying the rails for the
new electric railway on Montgomery
street is progressing rapidly, while all the
rails are down on Sansome street from
Market to Jackson. The track on San
sorne is to be extended to the seawall,
and the work of laying rails from the
present terminus at Jackson street will
begin In ten days or two weeks
There has been a noticeable falling off
in the number of building contracts, but
ten having been recorded during the
week representing an aggregate outlay of
$47 432 The largest contract recorded dur
ing the week was that of John F. Boyd
with J W- Miller and Ingerson & Gore,
to make a four-story out of a three-story
buiid'ng on the northeast line of Steuart
street 1X3:4 feet northwest of Mission
street' for $'.Mi 7. The next largest con
tract was that of A. A. Russell and J. J.
Stahl with Jullu Sullivan, to erect two
two-story buildings on the north line of
Seventeenth street, 110:3 feet east of Guer
rero street, for $y4.",0. Mrs. Rosalie
Qreenebauxn contracted with J. Round
tit-.. F C. Jones and J. G. Peterson for
work on a house on the east line of
Franklin street, 75:3 V, feet south of Wash
ington to OOSt«fT4oa Felix Marcuse con
tracted with Marcuse <te Remmel for a
two-ntory frame building on the west line
of Stanyan street, 50 feet south of Par
nassus street, to cost $GOOG. jha other
cor tracts of the week ranged in value
from $1450 to $4240.
Undoubtedly the principal reason for
the falling off In the number of build
ing contracts is the present unusually
high price of building material. On this
sui.ject the following Hum Thomas Ma-
K e^ & Bon's Real Estate Circular will be
of Interest:
"The prices of building material have
rapidly advanced of late. Lumber han ad
i about '£< per cent within the past
two years. In IMS rough lumber was
110 SO per thousand while on August 1,
18M it was from $15 to $16 per thousand,
and" now Its price is about $18 per thou
sand surface lumber is from $30 to $35 pe.r
thousand; pine stepping is $38 per thou
sand A landlord told us the other day
t'-a't "had he built a building for manufac
turing purposes a year ago he could have
saved about $6nou, but that he had been
repaid for wailing because he had been
able to make a favorable lease lately,
whereas a year ago he would not have
been able to lease at all.
"The price of iron and plumbing mate
rials has also advanced 40 to 70 per cent
in the past two years. Bricks have ad
vanced from about $6 per thousand to
$v 50 per thousand. Lime and cement have
advanced about 20 per cent within a year.
The urlce of glass has greatly advanced.
There Is no material advance in mechan
'Vs 1 ' wages from union rates, carpenters
getting *3 P er da^ and bricklayers $5 per
"""Hut if the boom In building material has
bad a temporarily depressing efTect, Au
gust certainly held its own with a record
of 111 contracts filed, representing an ag
gregate outlay of 5A36.650. which has been
exceeded but once during the present
year when the contracts filed represented
nn outlay of $671,953, and which ia the
largest for the month of August in any
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUj, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
GREER HARRISON
WORKS WONDERS
WITH OLYMPICS
•
Big Gain in Dues and
Initiation.
— ♦
RESCISSION OF THE BONDS
POLICY OF THE NEW ADMINIS
TRATION IS PROGRESSIVE.
Amendment Carried Which Empow
ers the Board of Directors to
Fix Dues and Initiation
Fees at Will.
"Gretr Harrison is the only man who
could have done it," was what old mem- \
i bers of the Olympic Club said last night \
1 when the meeting which was called to
: amend the section of the by-laws relating
to Initiation fees and dues was finally ad
journed. Greer Harrison accomplished
more In the short space of a single hour
last night than any other man In evidence
1 could have done with tho Olympic Club i
I members in two years of constant of- !
fort.
The members by a unanimous vote j
'passed a resolution which empowers the j
board of directors to nominate the amount :
1 for initiation and dues. At present the
; Initiation fee of the Olympic Club is $10
and flues $3. By the action of the mem
bers in special meeting the directors have
I been given full sway to increase both
Initiation and dues, but there was a ;
j pledge made last night that the amounts
I would not exceed |25 for the rirst and $o ,
: monthly fur t he second.
Installation of officers was the first I
i number on the programme. Retiring
President John C. Kfrkpatrick occupied
ill" chair of honor and in neatly trimmed
1 speeches Installed the entire new board
, of managers. By clever arrangement the
I new president, Greer Harrison, was not
; introduced until the last. The warmth
I and arder *f all other demonstrations
was aa nothing to the reception which
Harrison's name provoked. Mr. Harri
; son had something to tell the members,
i and he reeled oft his tale with most tell
j ing effect.
Ex-President Kirkpatrlck had painted a
! picture of the club's financial condition,
in which he worked well up into the fore- I
ground the SiXUiAi debt which Is due the ;
i-"ir-H National Hank and spoke uf the in- !
> come, which was $47;""'. and the expenses,
which reached within a few hundred dol- !
; lars of that amount. When he mentioned :
! the recisiou of bonds, an effort inaugu
: rated by the last board, the club members
awoke and KJrkpatrick was roundly ap
plauded.
The officers were installed us follows:
! Vice president, H. K. Mann; secretary, I.
J. Hassell; treasurer, H. H. Russ; direc
tors Hammersmith, James. Rama leu, i-.i-
Hott Shea and Burns. Then came Q
Harrison and he .iudged his time well.
"We have a debt of over $32,000 without
a reasonable hope of paying It oft," he .
said "unless some great change is made
in the financial workings of the club.
1 That is why we have called the special
meeting to-night which, if the members
are In with the directors, will end
: in an amendment that will be a panacea
I for nil our ills."
after that President Harrison took his
1 audience back to ancient Home in descrip
i t'ions of the new hathing arrangements
i which the directors wanted to give the
members. This would cost $Imhx). New
handball courts where the men would not
< gel steam baths from their own perspira
tion and which are to cost. s2ooo were
promised.
"The club must be built back to Its old
I athletic, efficiency," continued Mr. Harri
'• son "and to do it we will have all kinds
iof athletic entertainment. We will bring
1 the best amateur atbletes from all over
', the world and make this club a Mecca
of true amateur sport."
About this time the new president had .
' his men well in hand. A telegram from
Herman Qelricha, which promised a can- j
cellatlon of $40,000 bonds held by the :
i Fair estate, was the tlrst big bomb ex- j
year since 1595. During the first eight
months of the present year the value of
the contracts exceeded by nearly 1800,000
the value of those filed during the'corre
; sponding period of last year.
That a prosperous season is ahead for
i San Francisco is the tlrm belief of the
real estate dealers of the city almost
; without exception, and their faith Is by
no means shaken by the dullness of the
: summer months. This feeling of confi
dence cannot perhaps be better expressed
I than by again quoting from Thomas Ma
gee's Circular. It says:
"Perhaps the best evidence that better
! times are with us. and that an improve
ment In real estate sales and prices may
j now be looked for, exists in the fact that
laborers and mechanics of all kinds are
so busy that it is difficult to get enough
of them to do the work on hand. A prom
inent builder said last month that he had
hunted for a day to find two hodcarriers.
Planing mills, foundries, brickyards and
hardware houses are all pushed to exe
cute orders on time, and are so crowded
that they seldom succeed. Certain work
on a store, for the execution of which
I thirty days were thought to be ample,
: will not be finished Inside of sixty days.
There Is no speculation or over-building
: In what is going on; it is but legitimate
growth and advance that causes it. But
for the excessively high price of all build
j ing materials, of iron and brick work
■ especially, much more work would be
under way. Materials of iron and steel
have gone up 65 per cent and brick from
,$6 to $9 50 per thousand. The good time
coming has long been lame in both feet,
' short of breath, wheezy and therefore
! slow-paced, but events have acted like a
good liniment and a cure all, and desir
i able, and we hope permanent, progress
: la at last being made."
Referring to the condition of the real
| estate market the circular says:
"There were few large transactions In
i city real estate In August; medium priced
I transactions prevailed, ranging in value
j from $5000 to 110,000 mostly. Many lots
! worth $1500 to $4000 were also sold. The
localities in which these latter lots were
sold were mostly on Presidio Heights
and between vallejo, Union. Fillmore and
Broderick. Five sales were made on
Union, between Devisadero and Brod
! erk-k, an unusual number in one month.
"There is some demand for lots on
■■ First and Second, between Mission and
I Folsom. Lots on Mission, between Fre
j mont and Third, can be sold, but at rea
! sonable prices only. 'Warehouse and fac
; tory lots on Brannan and Townsend, be
tween Third and Sixth, are being some
what inquired after. There is better .In
quiry for lots by the Panhanuie of the
] park. These lots have the best car ac
commodations of any suburban district
! of the city. The street work is all done,
I the neighborhood well built up and prices
j are exceedingly low. An increase of prices
i there may reasonably be looked for. The
total number of sales made In August
| was 228 of the value of $1,340,846."
Banks and private capitalists took in
; more money last month than they loaned.
i The total number of mortgages was 2%.
of the value of $1,254,523; 220 releases of
! mortgages were recorded, aggregating
1 $1,390,710. Although the Hlbernla Bank is
I now lending at C per cent, it paying the
mortgage tax, It only lent $632,400 in Au
! gust, wnlle it released $711,750. The Ger
man Bank last month' lent $100,000 more
I than it released, while the Savings Union
I lent $83,100 and released only $39,425. The
! loans of the building associations and pri
vate capitalists amounted to an aggregate
of $321,905. and that was $SO,OOO leas than
was released by them.
Money continues to pour Into the banks,
and although tthe total loans of 11,234,080
i in August were the largest of any month
i this year, and the savings bank rate for
I money on realty has been practically es
tablished at 6 per cent, the. releases In
August exceeded the loans and amounted
to $1 3G4,355, against $961,329 for a corre
; sponding month in IS9S, and $670,351 for the
i same month In 1807.
The amount loaned on real estate by the
! banks, loan associations and private capi
talists was $.321,906. against 1246,575. The
ploded. Another of the same tenor was
read from James D. Phelan, who prom
ised to concel the bonds of the Phelan
estate. The names of Mackay and Flood
were then mentioned, and President Har
rison assured the members that these
men had promised to cancel their big I
blocks of bonds if the club members
would take a small burden on their own
backs and go into their own pockets. If
they would pass the proposed amendment
Mr. Harrison pledged that the $2*t,oiX> debt
would be paid and the bonded indebted
ness reduced (100,000.
The special meeting was then called and
Judge J. C. B. Hebbard read the resolu
tion of amendment. In order to bring the
business before the house at once lie
moved Us adoption. Upon a question of
a member as to the maximum of initia
tion and dues, which the board through
President Harrison pledged at the above
mentioned figure, tho motion was put.
"Without a dissenting voice the amend
ment was carried. It Is generally under
stood that the dues will be $5 and Initia
tion $25, beginning January J, 1900.
The new committees are as follows,* the
first named acting as chairman: Finance
-H. R. Mann, H.V. Ramsdell. H. B. Russ;
indoor athletics— J. A. Hammersmith,
J. Elliott. 11. R. Mann; outdoor athletics—
George James, John Elliott, W. I). Shea;
membership — I. J. Hasseli, John A. Ham
mersmith. J. C. B. Hebbard; social— Dr.
O. B. Burns, J. C. B. Hebbard, W. D.
Shea: tennis and handball— W. D. Shea,-
J. Elliott. H. B. Ramsdell; cycling— W. D.
Shea, J. Elliott. J. A. Hammersmith.
DESTROYING FOOD FISH.
San Joaquin River Infested With
Many Illegal Fishermen.
Deputy Fish and Game Commissioner
Kercheval has been making things lively
for the illegal fishers up the San Joaquin
River. A week <>r so ago he and Deputy
0. A. Vogelsang destroyed a wire fence
Obstruction In the river in Stanislaus
County. A few days ago Kercheval found
a similar obstruction in the same
river below San Joaquin City. It
\\;.s constructed with a bagnet
In the middle. so that every
fish running either way was sure to be
caufrVit. This time the deputy was fortu
nate in discovering the owners of the fish
trap, which was on the land of a man
named Gerlaeh. The illegal fishers were
Frank Winters and A. J. White of Crows
Landing and < '. L. Toyer of Lathrop.
They were taken to Stockton, a distance
of thirty odd miles, and thrown into the
jail In default of bail. Their cases will
be heard to-morrow before Justice
Clarker. On the 9th inst. Kercheval found
a:. nT her wire fish trap In the river near
Crows Landing which was similar to the
others. Any one of the three traps was
enough to ruin the run of salmon and
shad by preventing spawning in the head
waters of the stream. Every effort will
be madf by the commission to convict and
punish the culprits as a warning to others
who hold the fish and game laws lightly
there.
. ♦ .
DIED EAR FROM HOME.
Arthur Laird Succumbs to Disease in
Alaska.
BANTA CRUZ, Sept. IL— Mr. and Mrs.
George P. I.aird of this city have received
the sad news of the death of their young
est son, Edgar NT. Laird, at Anveik, Alaska-
He was In the gold country and had start
ed with his companions down the Yukon,
bound for his California home. Being very
ill. he Stopped at the Episcopal mission at
Anveik, where the Rev. Mr. Chapman
had him taken to his home, where every
kindness was shewn him. He was fast
recovering his health, when an epidemic
of Influenza broke out. I>aird caught the
disease and succumbed in a few days.
Ten Years for Gillette.
PAT.IXAS. Sent. 11.— James B. Gillette
tbe well known rancher at Parkfield, who
was convicted ten days ago of man
slaughter, was sentenced to seven years'
imprisonment at Han Quentln.
COURT NOTES.
Nicholas Stafford, a young lithographer
who was arrested early Sunday morning
in the complaint of William Phillips, sa
loon-keeper at Fifth and Nutotna streets,
for grand larceny for snatching his watch
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
and, as Phillips refused io prosecute, the
case was dismissed.
Twenty-nine Chinese arrested by the
Chinatown squad for playing nle gow
pleaded guilty in Judge Graham s court
yesterday and were each fined $5, which
they paid.
A. F. Martel has sued William M. Law
lor and other members of the Board of
Health to enjoin them from preventing
the delivery of refuse to the plaintiff at
his place or business, 1« Stevenson street,
and ordering the same delivered to the
Sanitary Reduction Works, and for. $500
damage's for past interference.
loans of the savings banks were as fol
lows: Ilibernia, $144,275; German $28,960;
Ban Francisco Savings union, $44,300; Sav
ings and Loan, $18,500; Humboldt, $3000:
Mutual. $9800. The loans of the building
associations amounted to $3700, and those
of private capitalists and others to $69,380. j
The total loans of the savings banks, :
building associations and private capital
ists upon city realty for the first eight
months of this year have been $8,595,435,
against $9,235,409 for a corresponding pe
riod in 1898, and $9,599,607 for the same
Urn* in 1897. The total releases for the
first eight months of this year have been
$3,045,583, against $7,656,857 for the corre
sponding period in 1898 and $7,360,129 for
the same time in 1897.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing sales during the past week: >
Lot and Improvements on Golden Gate ave
nue, east of Webster, 27:6x127:6; $3750.
Cottage and lot on south side of Twenty-first
street, near Valencia, 23x114; $2500.
Investment prooerty, three flats, on Shipley
street, near Fourth, 20x69; JI6OO. .
Investment property on east side of Alabama
street, south of Twentieth, 26x100, four flats;
J2OOO.
Two houses on Webster street, near Sutter,
33:4x100; $3800.
Cottages on Perry street; near Third, 20xS0;
$1450.
Lot on Eureka street, near Eighteenth, 24:8
x 125; JICCO.
. Residence on California street, near Pierce,
2.-.x137:6; $4.'00.
The block between X and L streets.
Ninth and Tenth avenues, in the Sunset
district has recently been graded and
sewered by Sol Getz & Bro., and several
pretty houses are now In course of con
struction on lots in the district sold by !
them, as follows: William H. Mitchell, a
two-story house on the east line of Ninth
avenue, between J and X streets; R. F. ',
Dickinson, a five-room cottage on the
west line of Ninth avenue, between X and
L streets; William Leach, a four-room '■
cottage on the west line of Ninth avenue, i
between X and L streets; Gustav Olsen,
on the west line of Tenth avenue, between .
X and I. streets. Alfred Dulip has just '
moved Into a beautiful two-story house i
erected by. them on the east line ■of
Twelfth avenue, between I and J streets.
Peter Olsen has just completed a three
room cottage on the east line of Twelfth
avenue, between I and J streets.
The same firm sold the following lota
recently, on which houses will be erected
shortly: To James Carroll, lot 25x120 on
the east line of Ninth avenue, 225 feet '
north of N street: P. Smirclch, lot 50x120
on the west line or Eighth avenue, 150 feet
north of N street; Helena Koster, lot 25x
120 on the east line of Ninth avenue, be- !
tween M and N streets; E. de Marias lot
25x120 on the east line of Nineteenth ave
nue, 200 feet north of J street; lot 25x100 on ;
the south line of J street, 57:6 feet east of
Twenty-first avenue, $300; lot 25x120 on the
west line of Ninth avenue, 250 feet north
of L street. $650.
J. E. Green has bought of the California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company the
property on the north line of Washington '
street, 177:6 feet east of Spruce, lot 60s
127 :8Vi. for $8000.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. will hold an auc
tion sale of city real estate on Tuesday,
September 12. at noon. The catalogue In- '■
eludes a Western Addition residence at
1810 Pine street; an investment at 1115
--1115% Clay street; downtown investment '
at 24 Minna street; flats at 313-313V4-315 i
Franklin street; Ashbury Heights resi
dence at 1056 Ashbury street; Mission cot
tage at 310 Not street; Western Addition
residence at 1513 Geary street; Investment
at 2018 Filbert street; Presidio Heights
residence at 3309 Clay street, and business '
property on the southeast corner of Mari
posa and Florida streets.
A new Roman Catholic Church of St.
Paul, to cost fully $50,000, 13 to be built
on the northwest corner of Valley and
Church streets. The edifice will be en
tirely fireproof, and will be built of gray
granite, with a slate roof and a tall spire
rising from a tower 170 feet high. There
will also be two slender spires, one over !
the sacristy and the other on the inner
edge of the frontage.
The Phoenix Iron Works of Oakland
has been awarded the contract for fur- ,
nishing the cast and wrought iron window
frames, doors, etc., for the new Postoffice
building, corner Seventh and Mission I
streets. The successful bidder has two
years' time In. which to complete the con
tract.
The Alden Company, the Oakland real
estate firm, has removed its office from 902 ;
Broadway, where they have been for the !
last fourteen years, to more commodious i
quarters at 1118 Broadway. ' "x_j
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
LITTLE GIRL'S
CRUEL DEATH
MAKES TROUBLE
Undertakers Write to
Supervisors.
— « —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Sept. 11.
The burial of the infant daughter of the
Chrlstiansons of Berkeley, who was
burned to death last week in a grass fire,
brought out a new phase of the keen com
petition between undertakers that has
been maintained for years in this city. A
firm of Berkeley undertakers sent the fol
lowing letter to the Supervisors:
Offlflce of Durcfn & Hleakley, Berkeley. ;
Sept. i, 1899.— To the Honorable Board of !
Supervisors of Alameda County: On the Oth of ;
September a little child, Alma Chrit-tianson,
was so badly burned that she soon died. We
(I)urgin & Hleakley) were called In to take
charge of the funeral arrangements ami In
formed the family that an Inquest would be ;
necessary. While there, the deputy coroner,
notified by üb, i-arne in and made arrangements ]
for the inquest, telling the family that as soon
as the Inquest was over we cuuld go on with j
the funeral arrangements.
With this information we secured from Mr.
Mitchell orders on the county for supplies for ;
burial and for grave, as the futility Is*, as far ;
as we could learn, practically penniless. After
the inquest Dr. Mehrmunn telephoned to us
that he had turned the case over to another
undertaking firm, as it was a Coroner and I
county case and neither we nor the- family had
any rights.
We were just going dawn at the time and
thought we would learn the reason for the I
change. We knew that while we might have :
no particular hold, still the family does have a ;
right as had always been conceded.
The family told us this: That they still |
wlphed us to take charge, but they had been ,
offered a funeral by the Coroner an.l Deputy
Coroner, not only at the county's expense, but
with two hacks also free, and said if we could I
do the same they should still prefer us.
We told tiiem that we would Secure a grave, I
furnish a coffin, etc., free of expense to the
county, but il|d not feel like furnishing two !
hacks, and also telephoned to Supervisor Mit
chell that we would bury free from expense to
the county. Reepf-rtfiilly submitted.
DUROIN & BLEAKI/EY,
P. B.— At the request of Mr. Mitchell we re
turned orders to Mr. Mitchell.
Supervisor Mitchell explained the mat
ter to the board and said that when the
family, who were penniless, had given ;
their consent to the burial by the Coroner.
they did so because he offered carriages
and* everything else free.
A discussion followed as to whether the
Coroner should be paid for the funeral of
the little Indigent, and it was agreed to !
wait to see if a bill were presented.
It is said to be the practice of several
undertakers to gratuitously provide many
things for the funerals of indigents, which
are largely In excess of the allowance
made by thp county in such cases.
Fisherman Saves a Boy's Life.
OAKLAND. Sept. 11.— Wesley Archer,
aged 15 years and residing at 829 Natoma
street. £San Francisco, while fishing yes
terday afternoon, fell off Long Wharf.
West" Oakland, and with great difficulty
was rescued by Antonio Pascale, an Ital
ian fisherman, who jumped into the bay,
wlthqut removing his clothing, and swam
to the lad's rescue.
CYCLERS POSTPONE
THE RACE FOR A CUP
The annun! twenty-mPe race of the As
sociated Cycling Clubs, scheduled for
next Sunday, has been postponed for
three weeks. Chairman W. 1... Loos of
the racing board states that.this action
was rendered necessary because the San
Leandro triangle course over which the
| race is annually run is at present torn
j up by contractors who are laying sewer
I pipes. The date has therefore been
| changed to October 8. Tlii.s will give the
i various teams an opportunity for more
training and should result in a better
race, particularly If a ruin falls to lay the
dust.
The rules governing the race have been
issued by Chairman \V. L. Loos of the
racing board. They differ In one material
respect from those of previous years, .n
! the clause, "Unlimited pacing is al-
I lowed." This privilege is orlti tne <.i UDS
have been seeking for some time in all
the association inter-club events, and the
. forthcoming race will evidence whether a
race conducted with unlimited pacing la
: equally fair to all the clubs.
The Reno Wheelmen have challenged
1 the Acme Wheelmen to a ilfty-mile relay
■ race to be held on the Reno track on Bun
-1 day, tho -4th lnst., and the Acmes have
I accepted.
Secretary E. N. Cretgh has sent out
: ballots for the annual election of the Bay
City Wheelmen, to be held on the 15th
inst. The nominating committee is still
busy trying to explain to the members at
large why it turned down some of the
best men in the club for the sake of giv
: Ing office to three of Its own committee
! and their Intimate friends. A futile at
tempt was made to strengthen the ticket
by putting on it the names of four old
directors, two of whom have passed their
! usefulness anil the other two are not
1 seeking the honor. As a whole the "regu
/ lar ticket" is far from satisfactory to a
I majority of the members, but there is not
sufficient interest taken In the club now
adays to afford any probability of an op
position ticket.
The California Cycling Club is far more
prosperous than its quiet demeanor of
late would signify. The larger clubs have
thought that the Californians were fol
lowing the San Franclscos and Imperials
i down the "toboggan." but on the con
; trary the big Mission organization has
! been merely cleaning out its delinquent
i members and is on a strong, paving
basis. The lease on the club rooms at
I Folsom and Twenty-second s.reets has
recently been renewed for six years and
preparations for socials and road events
; are now being made. The club boasts of
having sent more men to Manila during
the war than any other cycling organiza
tion in the city. Six of them gave their
; services to the country: C. Holneman, C.
B. Thorp. Q. Seyfried. A. Loudeman. E.
Ward and John Uurke. Burke was pax
ticulnrly prominent in cyel.ng affairs
: here. He enlisted in the Third Artillery
and on his return, together with his fel
lows, will be given a warm reception.
Captain R. A. Coulter has recently been
elected secretary, vice William Reid, re
signed because of absence from the city.
RECEIVED BY THE CERCLE.
Louis Pascal the Guest of the French
Club of This City.
Louis Pascal of the board of architects
to pass upon the plans for the State Uni
versity was tho guest of the Cercle Fran
caise lost evening at a reception given in
his honor. It was a very pleasant affair
and the list of those present Included
nearly all the well-known French resi
dents' of the city.
Mr. Pascal wns introduced to the guests
! by A \a Gallett. president of the club.
There were remarks by Mr. Pascal, M.
j Goustiaux. Mr. Bf>rg^rot and others. Mr.
i Goustiaux spoke of the Dreyfus case, px-
I pressing the hope that the sensational
1 reports from France would be considered
' calmly by the residents here.
Mr. Bergerot proposed the health of
1 Mrs Hearst and then the health of Mr.
i P.enard. the successful architect, was pro
posed and honored.
The architects will visit the park and
i Cliff to-day as the guests of A. B. Spreck
i els Carriages will be in waiting for them
; at the Palace Hotel at 10 O'clock. On ar
' riving at the Cliff House a dinner will be
i tendered them by the San Francisco
j Chapter of the American Institute of Ar
chitects.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
William J. McCarthy from Catherine Mc-
Carthy, on the ground of infidelity, and
Frederick W. Gardam from RoseGardam,
for desertion. Suits for divorce have been
'• filed by Emile Benedictsen against Olaf
Benedlctsen, for desertion, and Lizzie ij.
Green against Thomas F. Green, for
, cruelty.
Lady Maccabees.
The entertainment nnd dance to be
: given by the members of California Hive
' Xo. 29, Ladies of the Macabees, previous-
I ly announced for the 29th inst., will be
I given Thursday night next in the Native
i Suns' Hull.
CONTEST BEGUN OVER
THE DUNMIRE ESTATE
IGNORED NEXT OF KIN NOW
DEMAND SHARES.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— Mary Randall
and John York to-day filtd their threat
ened contest over the estate of their
sister, Kate Y. Dunrr.tre, who died in this
city on August 15 last, objecting to the
probate of the will filed recently by W. K.
Barnard, who is named as executor in
the instrument. In the alleged will Mrs.
Dunmire disposes of her estate, valued at
over $10,000, but her next of kin, the con
testants, are wholly Ignored, testatrix ex
plaining that they "have sufficient of this
world's goods."
Contestants assail that will on the
ground that if the instrument was ever
signed by deceased, the subscription
thereto was not made in the presence <->f
any attesting witness; that at the lime
Mrs. Dunmire was not of sound mind and
that she was incompetent to make a will;
being at times unconscious owing to her
great suffering from an affection uf the
Contestats further allege that at the
time of making said will Mrs. Dunmire
was acting under fraud and undue in
fluence of Mrs. Ursula L. Platt. one of
the legatees but no relative of decadent,
and that decedent, when in health, often
expressed her dislike for said in
who with certain other parties, contest
ants believe, "designedly, and m > oiitra
\ ention of the expressed wishes and de
sires of decedent, inserted m said pre
tended will the false statement that other
relatives of dacedent were well provided:
for In property they now own.
Contestants ask that the estate be dis
tributed to them according to their legal
rights, as if there were no will.
WEIRD TALE OF
DISTANT MURDER
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— Fred Nelson, a
lad 15 years old, who was arrested last
night in company with a tramp named
Oliver Lavigne, has told the police a sen
sational story that has all the earmarks
of a dime novel.
This is Nelson's narrative:
"I met Lavigne In Nebraska in August.
1898. My parents are dead and when
he asked me to accompany him I readily
consented, a 8 he told me how easy it was
to make a living on the road and bow
much better it was than working for any
body. We left Nebraska together and I
begged for my companion along the road.
"All went well until we reached Lara
mie, Wyo. It was some time in Septem
ber,' J think, and we were boih waiting in
the railroad yard for a train to pull out.
Suddenly a boy about my own age climbed
out from the truck of a car near us and
Frenchy recognized in him a lad who had
been his beggar before he got me. There
were some words between the two, and
Frencny pulled his knife and commenced
stabbing the boy. When the little fellow
fell Frenchy picked up a coupling-pin and,
without saying a word, crushed the boy's
skull. Then he threw the pin away, said
•Come on' and we lied in the darkness.
Since then we have been ruining West all
the time, and have been in many jails, bui
there was never any question about the
crime In the Laramie railroad yards. A
few days ago Frenchy picked up another
boy in 'San Francisco named Joseph Wil
son and 1 then thought it would be my
turn next. That is why I said when ar
rested that I was glad to be taken.
Lavigne laughs at the boy s tale, but
Chief Hodgkins will investigate.
J.AKAMIK. Wyo.. Sept. 11.-The story
told by Fred Nelson at Oakland, Cal., of
the murder of a boy here in September,
1898, is denied by the police and coroner.
Tluy say no murder was committed here
ut the time mentioned.
CUT IN HALVES BY
A FREIGHT TRAIN
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— Laurence Souya,
a boy 7 years old, was cut in halves by a
freight train this evening. Death was
instantaneous. The lad was crossing the
track at First and Chester streets, which
id in the vicinity of a cannery in which
his mother was working. lie got off the
track on which the Alameda local was
approaching, but in doing so stepped on
a track on which a freight was Lacking.
The brake-man on the freight train sig
naled to the engineer to stop instantly.
He obeyed the signal, but not before one
pair of trucks had passed over young
Souya. Another lad was playing with
Souya and when he saw the freight he
laid or was knocked down in the middle
of the track and escaped with a slight
wound on the neck.
MEMBERS GET ACQUAINTED.
New Deaf, Dumb and Blind Board
Holds a Short Session.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The new board
of directors of the Institution for the
Deaf, Dumb and the Blind at Berkeley
held a brief session to-night, President
George W. Reed, Brewton A. Hayne and j
John H. Grindley being present, Henry
Pierce and William S. Wells absent. No
changes were made and there was but j
one application for position, that of M.
K. Iloughton of 533 lay street, Oakland,
for appointment as watchman.
The meeting appeared to be more for
the purpose of giving the new members
of the board an opportunity of familiariz
ing themselves with the business methods
employed in the management of the in- ;
stitution, and this feature was compre
hensively explained by the superin
tendent. Warring Wilkinson.
The Institution now receives a monthly
appropriation from the State of J4H7O W.
and its pay-roll aggregates 53100 monthly
for both administrative and educational
departments. Its only other source of
revenue is $300 annual tuition received
from each of those pupils outside the
State, there being at present, among the
•>lO enrolled, seven from Nevada and thrre
from Arizona. Superintendent Wilkinson
explained also that the letting of con
tracts for supplies every three months
instead of yearly has proved most ad
vantageous.
Formerly the institution did nearly all
of its printing, but the last Legislature
provided that all printing must be per
formed at the State Printing Office, so
that at present only the California News,
the asylum paper, is printfil at home.
— . ■ ■» •
Unitarian Pastor to Go East.
BKUKKLEY. Sept. 11.-Rev. W. H.
Geoghegan. pastor of the Unitarian
church on Dana street, will leave for !
a trip to the East at the beginning of
next month. His visit will be for the
purpose of attending the National con
vention of the American Unitarian Asso
ciation to be held in Washington, D. C.
Mr Geoghegan will be gone for at least
a month, dividing his time between
Baltimore and Washington.
■ ♦ ■
Valuable Gift From Mrs. Hearst.
BERKELEY, Sept. 11.— The department
of ROOloff) of tOfi University of California
has just received a most valuable and
costly addition to the rare specimens in
its museum. The gift is from Mrs. Phebe
Hearst It consists of a complete collec
tion of types of invertebrate animals,
varying from the simple to the most com
plex. Many of the pieces are of very
great scientific value. The value is esti
mated at about $3000.
. ♦ .
O'Brien's Health Is Perfect.
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— The hearing of
the petition of J. F. O'Brien, convicted of
criminally assaulting a Pleasanton girl,
asking to be admitted to ball on account
of failing health behind prison bars, was
continued to-day for one week, and Inci
dentally Dr. W. S. Porter, the nrison phy
sician of the County Jail, has filed an affi
davit seriously jeopardizing O'Brien's
plans. The doctor avers that O'Brien's
health is perfect. . « .
■ ♦ i
Will Light the County Road.
OAKLAND. Sept. 11.— The Supervisors
decided upon a very progressive move to
day when they passed a resolution deter
mining to light the county road from
Fruitvale to Haywards. The County Sur
veyor has been authorized to prepare
plans and specifications for the work and
f)ids will he called for at once. Fifty arc j
lights of 2000 candle-power are required.
J. AUSTIN WILDER TO
WED MISS HARNDEN
OAKLAND, Sept. 11.— James Austin
Wilder of Honolulu, brother of Mrs. Helen
"Wilder-Craft, secured a license to-day to
wed Miss Sarah Wright Harnden, a
charming and estimable young lady of
Alameda. Mr. Wlkler's age is given as 21
years and over, while the bride-to-be has
Just passed her eighteenth summer. Mar
riage licenses were also issued to William
Refiner Stoeven, aged 2S years, and Al
vina J. Kruger, 25 years, both of Liver
more; Morgan Williams. 4t> years, and
Elizabeth Ann Morgan. 33 year, Oakland;
Leonard Crlstoffer Caflisch. 4S years, and
Annie Socker, 25 years, Berkeley; Enoch
G. liidlf-man, 30 years, and Harriet Fran
ces Gardner, 25 years, both of San Fran
cisco.
RIEHL'S CHANCES FOR
RECOVERY ARE SLIGHT
OAKLAND. Sept. 11.— Professor Emil
Riehl. the musician who made a desperate
attempt at suicide last Saturday night at
his mother's ranch near Alma in the
Santa Crui mountains, oy firing a buliet
Into his bead, was brougb.l i i [he Receiv
ing Hospital here earlj this morning
Tne bullet, which had entered the right
side of the tf>n>[>l»- above the eye, ranged
transversely across the head, lodging
under the skull on the left side, and was
extracted to-day. Drs. Buteau, Porter and
Rowe performing : : a. In the
opinion of tin- doctors the patient's
chances cf recovery are slight Pro
fessor Rlehl is v member of the Elks and
the German Club. lie was married not
lone ago to one nf his Cornier imniis.
When requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circulars
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them. etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your* summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequa!ed fishing, sailing, cycling
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
1 HOTSPRIHGS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONL* 4V4 HOURS
from San Francisco and but C miles' stag-
Ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath In State; swimming and boating;
Brand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door: photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, df.lly mall and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:39
a. m. or 1:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or fit a
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MTJLGREW. Prop.
...ETNA SPRINGS..
Had you not better take a
vacation? You will live longer
and be healthier.
Rates. $10 to $14 per week. Round trip, $7.
Apply W. L. MITCHELL. Aetna Springs, Napa
County, or J. H. SIMPSON, Odd Fellows'
building, S. F. Telephone. Mint 183&.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
T T HE best Deer Hunting. Mineral Waters,
■ Baths and accommodations in Lake Coun-
ty can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Come while
the hunting Is good. J. CRAIG, Manager.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, £&„
Up In tbe mountalrjs. near the
laKes at)d in trje heart of Lak.e
Coupty's mineral belt. Take
train via URlah.
ROUND TRIP $9.50.
J. MARTENS, Prop.- City Office. 116 Fine Street.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE Fl3H-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee. In the heart of tb»
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees of
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because It Is clsan. no poison oak, no pests.
And pure air and pure water. Ad.iress MRS
H. M. CLEMON3. Independence Lake.
Go to BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hot Mineral Baths will cure your
Rheumatism. Address A. BETTENS. at
springs, or rail on LOMBARD & CO..
agents, room 30. 2iVi Geary st.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING OX THEJ
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
Looting on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special rates for
lamllles. W. J. McDONALD, Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL. '
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better In Lake Co.; gas Indoors and
cut. H. WAMBOLO.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homeliUe manner, with one of the best
tables In the county: 110 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 10. S. F. and N. P. to Ifklah; thence by
stage. Address J. WILSON, Bertha, Laka
County, Cal.
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ. Santa Cruz, Cal.
First-class Family and Commercial Hotel.
• This hotel is located on the corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates, $1 to $2 per day. Special rates
to families. . CHARLES HENDERSON, 304
Montgomery st. ' •
...DO WOT...
aimLJ \Jf IWV/ i ft
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "Th* Call" vlsUln*. ih»
country, seaside cr springs during- the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call' sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sanu
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents ..........pen Week
65 Cents ...per Montn
postage me paid.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FVanolsoo
rail, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:10 o'clock.
300 Hay«* street: open until 9:30 o clock.
£g» McAllister Btreet; open until 9:80 o clock.
tot l_--k!n «treet; open until 9:30 o' clock.
1941 Mission etreet; 01 -«n until 10 o'clock.
2*Bl Market Btreet. corner Sixteenth; open
Dntll 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until I o clocK.
1J96 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-Second and Ken
turkv Itneta; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORXIA'oiapter No. 5 . R. A M ; . «
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-_#^-
ING SeDt 12. at 7:30 o clocK. By T^J^
J^^RANK&N H. DAY, Secretary. _
Special ramlnf THIS ' (TUESDAY)
EVENING, 7:80 o'clock. Mission Ma XX
sonic Temple. WS Mission st. P. M. '/*?
and M E. M. Degrees By order of the H.
P. JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary
GOLDEN GATE Lodtre No. SO, P. and •
A. M. — Meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at T:3O o'clock. D. J. 7%/\
GEO. .T. ]lOBE, Secretary. /~r '
PACIFIC Lodge No. 135, F. and A. M.. ■
121 Eddy St., meets THIS EVENING. .^gK-
-7:20 o'clock. 1 D. 7%J\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Seo. /~r >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M. A
—Third Degrpa THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /SLJ\
A. S. HI'IiBARD, Sec. fV>
UNITY Encampment No. 86, I. O. O. F. A /I
— Patriarchal degree ■ -NIGHT by A/^"
Grand Encampment team. • /\
W. H. BLUNDEN, Scribe. • X
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent Apso- , v--^^
elation— meeting will be held > "JT jZ*
at hall, SCO Post st., WEDNESDAY, ,^__»
Sept. 13, at 1 p. m. AH members are "
. requested to be present for the pur; of at-
tending the funeral of our deceased brother.
■WILLIAM H. SCHROEDER, By order of
th-» President. L. TRAUNQ. Rec. Sec.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
HAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— O. Ma-
frulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. E25-555 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. 850 Market, cor. Etocktn.
CLARA FOLT7J. attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71; practice! In all courts.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St., room 67; advlc*
free: charge low; business pushed.
K'AGI.K & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law, Emma
Ppreckels building. 927 Market St.
ADVlCE 'free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. '.'-7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. Ft., designs, audits &
adjUFts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL. PAIRMOONT— Strictly first-class; 1714
Market Ft.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
mitt i? without board. $1 per day; single rooms,
Me; special rates by month, also to tourists.
EDDY CCS Nicely furnished rooms and board;
prlva'te; gits; bath; running water; hot, cold.
GEARY, 532— The Lnngworth— Elegantly fur-
nished front suit; single rooms; excellent brd.
HOTEL WILMOT, 728 Sutter— Handsomely
furnished sunny suites, with private bath.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; pedal rates to gents.
ROOM and board cheap. 546 Howard St.
VAN NESS, Elegantly furnished rooms,
with excellent hoard; reasonable.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— A cUrl between 4 and Bto board In j
fine old German family; best of care and '
cooking. Ai>ply between 6 and 9 p. m. at i
3 Cleveland El
"WANTED— or 1 children to board at 438
Minna st.
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month. 210
I>-xingtnn avu.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission ft., near Third.
~~~ HLSINESS CHANCES.
A "$Y&0 ~l^pSf~route~; call and examine. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market Ht,
A— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
$G0; mercantile lunch: sun -our-ied by — hyie-
ale houses and iron foundries; place clearing
above Jloo per month; lease; a splendid offer.
R. G. WILKE. 806 Market St.
4)4SOO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market st.; open day and night; no
better paying place In this city; lease. R. G.
WILKE, &Uti Market st.
|500— CORNER saloon, with side entrance and
elubroom; runs $%; choicest location; 1 block
from Phelan building. R. G. WILKi;, 906
Market st.
A— s2Soo; saloon; kept by present owner 11
years; few doors from Market st. ; vicinity
Baldwin Hotel; lease; a first-class paying
place; no better offer for location or busineBH
In the market. R. O. WILKE. 806 Market.
X— $4W>; PARTNER wanted, man or lady, in
flrßt-class paying home bakery, delicacy and
lunch house; close to Powell and Ellis sts.;
$100 for each partner guaranteed. Particulars
R, G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— J1500; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value In night; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 805 Market st.
CORNER saloon In the heart of city:
near Market st. ; old established; must be sold
account sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— BUTCHER shop; prosperous town of
State; 76 milee from city; more than value;
best-class trade; hotels, restaurants and pri-
vate; worth $1500; clearing $100 monthly. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
A— CORNER; fruit, groceries, cigars, to-
bacco, candies, etc.; store central; north, nr.
Market; clearing 1126 monthly; retiring from
business. M. LESS, 765 Market Et.
$200— BARBER shop; 3 chairs; 4 rooms; rent
$17 50; must be sold; snap. LESS, 765 Market.
?375— RESTAURANT: location where 1000
persons employed! meals 20c; rent $15; must
sell. BTENBERG & CO.. 26V. Kearny st.
A — s7o0 — BAKERY; fine location, handsome
store; 6 sunny living rooms; 3 good horses,
wagon; baking 2' 2 barrels flour daily; owner
retiring. STENBERG _ CO., 26Vi Kearny st.
A J3CS ~ ~
CI gar Stand
fronting popular hotel of 700 rooms. STEN-
BERG _ CO.. 26V. Kearny st.
— WO: iaundry route, best In city; good for
$600 mo.; good horse and wagon; will stand In-
vestigation. KREDO & CO., .-I.;. Gi-ary st.
A— (3000; draylng business: beet in San Joarjuln
Valley; average profits $300 monthly; old age
cause of sale. KREDO ft CO.. 22^ Geary st.
A— slso; delicacy and stationery store; $5 dally;
nice living rooms. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
1400— RESTAURANT doing good business, full
Investigation given, good for man and wife,
fame party ran It for 6 years; good country
hotel, 40 rooms
Corner grocery
$275, branch bakery and notion stors. EITEL,
IOOSV. Market st.
$750— RESTAURANT, coffee and chop house;
■ paying business; disagreement of partners
cause of Bale. McLaughlln & Co.. 777 V. Mrket.
I5EO— SALOON; best bargain In the city on ac-
count of sickness. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
777% Market st.
$200 — WOOD and coal yard; departure cause of
sale. MCLAUGHLIN & co , 777% Market st
1200— RESTAURANT on Market: bargain for
man and wife; this day. COWING & CO.,
995 Market st.
FOR sale cheap— Hotel and bar In Crockett,
Cal.: fully furnished; good stock. Inquire at
117 Battery et., San Francisco.
FINE business location, northwest corner Post
and Larkln; 1003 Larkln, living room, $17 60.
102 Eddy st.
PHILADELPHIA House, opp. California Thea-
ter, 421 Bush st. cor. of Kearny— 4B rooms;
gas. water In every room; price $800.
FOR — Horseshoeing department In black-
smith t-.li'M). Address box 23, Call Branch of-
fice, 106 Eleventh St.
$700— SALOON— Best location city; near Market
St.; central; fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
WANTED— IISO partner in chicken business;
tine chanoe; near city. Box 2023. Call.
Al CIGAR for sale. Inquire at HOFF-
MAN CO.. 106 Turk Bt.
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap rent;
good chance for man and wife. 1941 Market.
tpaiiTNER :<i a blacks— ilthlng and wagon-
making buslneM. Addreßß box 2127. Call.
CA«H Krocery, dally receipts, $23; rent $15; sold
at a sacrifice, owner having to leave at once.
J__i_;to 792. office. 0 8 -Uo_, a
BUSINESS CHANCES—
BARGAINS this week. HE ALT, 917 Market
Saloon; 8 rooms; at half value $275
Grocery and bar; fine location; rooms 223
Partner In rest, business; clears $75 each. 260
Bakery, confec, cigars, etc; country town 600
Restaurant clearing $100 month; vicinity Mar-
ket and City Hall; best of reasons for selling:.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket St.; widely known. and well advertised;
steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line of business;
rare chance for active party. Communicate at
once with D. E. X., box 3203, Call office; no
agents.
$750 — old- established corner saloon; side en-
trance to tamale cafe; fair stock; good busi-
ness ; engaged In other business cause of Bale.
632 Market St., room 6.
FOR SALE— S3OO; bakery, confectionery, notion,
coffee and Ice cream parlors; rent $10: doing !
$260 per mo. ; good reasons for selling^ Address |
J. A. WOODARD, Frultvale aye.. Fruitvale.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926 Wash-
ington st. ]
MILK route; 60 gallons per day; 2 horses, j
buggy and wagon. 313 Langton st.
FOX SALE-- and oyster etand; very
cheap. Inquire McCLAIN'S, 1576 Market st.
COFFEE and tea ro*tes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL _ CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house: IB rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale — paying lnsld* rout* on this
paper. Apply Call office. ____
;.- CARRIAGES AMD WAGONS.
DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good aa new. W. E. SHAW, 1621
Market St.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Foliom »L
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission at.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING-.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for
health." 342 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
Ir'VANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. -"02 gutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
ATTON' S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co . 240 14th
st.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate live.: t»l. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M I K ITUAHSM.
MRS. PR. CLARK. '
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant may be consulted on all affair? of
life While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will ! now you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past present and future,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; Bend stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023% Market, nr. 6th. Always consult the best.'
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
Bight; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladles. 50c; gents, $1: sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth: 2
and 8 p. m. 14 McAllister St., room 85. Ad-
mlsslon. 10c.
MRS HARLAND'S circle, 2 p. m. ; questions
answered, 20c; test circle, 8 p. m., 10c. 84
Sixth st. •
(5 STEERS, medium, 112% Oak St.; circles
Tuck. 8 p. m.: Thurs., 2 p. m.; $25c; read-
lngs $1. I
CLASS In clairvoyance to-day, .2 p. m. ; In
psychometry, 8 p. m. ; 26 cents. 621 Turk fit.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 605 McAllister; Me; come skeptics.
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist;
past, present, future; 25c. Hi Sixth St.. r 12.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
C. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance; 8 p. m. : 25c. *09 Leavenworth st.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission Ft., clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MRS EHRHORN. clairvoyant and lipaling by
faith; meetings Tues. & Thur. cv. 226% Clara.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In Eplrltuallst reading; 25c up. 6 7th. j
MRS J J. WHITNEY, trance test medium, !
life' reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton, j
YOUR future told by cards. 2.V; dally. 10 a. |
m. to 10 p. m. : Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MRS. C 3. MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat. ;2— gp.m..loq_sc;Blttlngn dally.
MME BTBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farreil st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market ft.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ALMOST new cottage of 4 rooms. 3272 Fol-
tom St.; rent $10; key at 350 Precita aye.
BUNNY cottage, 5, 6 rooms; corner flat, 7 rms. ;
bath, gas; cheap. 1876 15th St., nr. Dolores.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; first-class condl-
tlon; gas: tlfi; large yard. 3*21 Nineteenth st. j
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gaa
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other, fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 £0 up" flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. ,
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application . to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 i
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, COc; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
: Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
! ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can j
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 .'0 up; of- I
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. - ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M, P.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; "bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, 13; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
VAN 'VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
i ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty : all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk; Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
S. F. dressmaking school; practical method:
also fine dresses made to order. 104 Kearny.
~~"~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 25 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new &0-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men. Y. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial course— Shorthand, • typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish,
Knsllsh, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. ("a!! or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates: life scholarship, $60; catalogue.
A — THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general i
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING— J. R. OGILVIE, vocal studio. 1523
Scott st., near Post, for terms; dally.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
_e_*ic;_ lessons,. Tic. liv Golden , Gate aye. ' |
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporter* as teachers;
Ellis system ; sunny rooms; low rates; day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey.assay.arcni. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches In families. 854
Adeline St., Oakland. ■
BINGING. piano; Paris grad. ; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 O. G. aye.. r. 6-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetlc.grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT second girl desires situation;
best of ref. ; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
825 Sutter st. -
FIRST-CLASS American cook desire* situa-
tion; understands her business; city or coun-
try.^
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best reference; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter at.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion; reference. MISS" H. CULLINAN, 323
Sutter St.; phone Main 651.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, also Canadian cook,
also 3 neat Irish girls for housework, also
Scotch nurse, all with best references, wish
situations. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
816 Sutter St. -
A DANISH house girl; first-class cook; best
references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
A GERMAN second work girl; $15 to $20; refs.
Apply MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman;
good cook and housekeeper; city or country.
Address 16 Willow aye.. off Larkln St., be-
tween Eddy and Ellis. '_
DRESSMAKER will go out at $1 25 per day
or take work home reasonable; children's
dresses a specialty; reference. Call or ad-
dress 905 McAllister St., up stairs.
A. YOUNG German-American girl would like
to do housework In a private family. Please
call at 1143 Florida St., bet. 23d and 24th.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like
situation for general housework; plain cook.
115 Wlldey St., oft Fillmore, near Bush.
A.N Eastern girl wants a position ac lady's
companion, taking care of 1 child, or light
housework. Call 422 McAllister st.
K. YOUNG girl wishes second work or general
housework: can do either; city or country.
Apply 39 Fifth st.
L.ADY wants small room In private family;
will give light services and sew evenings for
same. Address E. L., 716 Fulton st.
SfOUNG girl wants situation to assist light
housework or mind a child; sleep home. 22654
Clara st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, thoroughly com-
petent, wishes encasements in families. Ad-
dress box 7243, Call office, Oakland.
■"■IHST-CLASS American woman wishes situa-
tion in the country: housework or sewing.
Address box 4710, Call.
fiN American young woman would like place
to do cooking in small family; wages $25.
Call 778 O'Farrell St. __
X ANTED — Work by the day washing and
housecleanlng. Address Grocery, 1543 Eddy st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do house cleaning
a:..1 washing. Address 43S Tenth st.
A YOUNG girl wants situation to do light
housework. 656 Jessie St., rear. >
[TOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
ing or house cleaning. Call at 14 Eleventh st.
3ERMAN girl wants situation; general house-
work; cooking; wages $20. Box 2043. Call.
L.ADY would like a position as housekeeper
in widower's family. Call at 11 Taylor St.,
room 1.
3ERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework In Catholic family; wages $25. 7
Van Ness aye.
3ERMAN woman wishes a few steady places
washing; $1 per day and carfare. Address
Call Branch office, 300 Hayes st.
A. YOUNG lady desires position for general of-
fice work; bookkeeping, shorthand and type-
writing; can give good references; small
wages. Address box 2123. Call.
YOUNG woman will take curtains to wash at
home, or flannels. Address F., Call branch
office, 300 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH oftice for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beet help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
POSITION wanted by young man (Canadian);
large experience as general manager and
organizer; have managed successfully large
street railways, also electrical manufactur- !
ing corporation and mines; energetic and
reliable; highest references; can supply work-
ing modern plans for electrical apparatus.
Box 3211, Call. N
BY steady reliable middle-aged man; thorough-
ly understands care of horses, cows, lawn,
etc.; willing to be useful; city or -country;
good references: moderate wages. Address
box 2041. Call office.
I'OL'iN'G Frenchman, lately from Paris, speaks
English, wants employment as a butler; pri-
vate family or hotel: good references. Apply
CASTIES A., New Western Hotel.
YOUNG man wants situation taklns care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools; reference. Box 2117, Call.
SITUATION wanted — Active elderly man;
ranch cook, hotel work; city or country. Ad-
dress 158 New Montgomery st.
HANDY young man wants work at anything.
H. MACDUFF. 1 158 New Montgomery at.;
telephone 1356. '
WANTED — Position by a young American
gardener; country preferred. Address Call,
box 2008. -
COMPETENT soda and mineral water bottler;
can do repairing also. Address box 2040, Call.
AN honest young man, 19 years, would like
work out of school hours. Box 2037. Call.
DRUGGIST; position as clerk; city or coun-
try; reference given. Box 2036, Call.
LADIES' tailors— Cutter and fitter on ladles'
tailor garments wants position. Box 2259,
Call office.
WANTED— Work by young man; window,
housecleanlng or other work. HENRY AN-
DERSEN, 962 Bush St.. tel. East 963.
WANT situation; steward or manager in small
house, with references; wide experience; good
reputation: great ability; sober and econom-
ical- capable to fill any vacancy in the houee;
will go anywhere. GEO. STALL, New York
Exchange, San Jose.
YOUNG Danish man wishes situation as coach-
man and gardener; can milk; handy with
tools; temperate - habits; good references.
Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh St.. Oakland.
MAN and wife want work; man. first-class
milker; wife, good cook. 4427 Mission road. .
CHINESE first-class cooks and laundrymea
want situations; city or country. CHINESE
COOK. 623 Davis st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class coatmaker.
Address SIMON DALALIAN, Fresno, Cal.
■WINEMAKER and cellar foreman, with IS
years' experience In leading wineries of Cali-
fornia, wants like position; best references.
Address room 5, 337 East Fourth at., Los
Angeles.
YOUNG unmarried man wishes position as
clerk or barkeeper In hotel ; years of experi-
ence; best of references; city or country.
Box 2110. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencia st. .
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071V4 Market St., San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A 4-ROOM flat; 128 O'Farrell St., cor. Powell,
nr. the Orpheum; $12. Apply 15 Grant ava.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin St., nr. Golden Gate.
CAPP, 1024%, near Twenty-sixth— Sunny flat;
6 rooms, yard; $11.
FIFTEENTH, 2162— Nice modem sunny flat 6
rooms, bath, basement; north of - Market,
near car; rent reasonable; take Castro-st. ' car.
FINE sunny flat; three large rooms and bath;
latest improvements; key 713 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HQWELk.
10 Montgomery st. . *
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 1445 McAllister.
THIRD. 417>4— Latest improved flats; Ist, 8 rmi.',
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms., one kitchen: new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
2 CHOICE sunny flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
jsanltary_j>lumJbjnr^ 3.336,-1340 gell, nr. Baiter,
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brusael carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 50c; linen warp matting. 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton at.
FURNITURE of an 8-room flat for sale; no
agents. Call between 11 and 3. 7 Hyde st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— ssooo~c_rpets,furniture,etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln, 1121 Market.
2ND hand-Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
111,1.1' WANTED AGENTS.
REjXCßL_T^en_~w_nted. National Mutual
Maturity Co., room 209. Examiner bulidmg.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
SECOND laundress, $20 per month. MISS
CU_L_N, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress,
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter^at.
NURSE, 1 child, 2~years old, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, 1 child, lVa years old; $20; Santa Cru*.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
t. R. HANSEN _ CO. Phone "Grant 185."
Waitress, city, $25; head waitress. Bakers-
field, $25; head waitress, Stockton, $30; 2
waitresses, Bakeraneld, $20; 1 waitresses,
Dunsmuir, $2u; waitress, Vallejo, $20; wait-
ress, Lathrop, $20; wai tress, Hanford. $20;
waitress, Merced, $20; 2 waitresses, Stockton,
$20; waitress, Madera, $20; 2 waitresses, Fres-
no, $25; 3 waitresses, city, $20; chambermaids
to wait, city, $18, $20; 2 oooks, private board-
ing-houses, $25, $30; cashier, restaurant, $6
a woek; 4 restaurant waitresses, $5, $6 week;
2 laundresses, city, $20, $25; laundress, James-
town, $17 50, fare here. C. It. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary at.
MOTHER and daughter; mother must be good
cook; small hotel, city, $35, see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
THREE extra waitresses and a chambermaid
to wait, country, $1 a day and free fare. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary_Bt :
WOMAN to wash and Iron by the day. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary Bt^
GIRL for light work, no cooking, and take
care one child, city, $16; 2 second girls, city,
references, $20; nurse girl, one child, refer-
ences, $15, $20; 40 girls tor general housework,
city and country, $16, $26. 0. It. HANSEN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 German and Scandinavian cooks,
plain washing, $30; cook, little wash, Oak-
land, $30; 6 Protestant, German and French
second girls, $20 and $26; nurse, Oakland, $20;
4 waitresses, country hotels, $20; £ waitresses,
restaurants and coffee houses, $5 and $6 a
week; American working housekeeper for
widower, $15; and a large number of girls
for cooking and housework of all nationalities
for city and country too numerous to adver-
tise at $15, $20 and $23. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT _ CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
CHAMBERMAID, city hotel. $15. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Menlo Park, $25; Raymond,
$20, free fare; Alameda. $20; Oakland. $20;
Belvedere, $20; San Rafael. $25. and several
other towns; a number of housework girls,
city. $25. $20 and $16; 10 young girls to assist,
$10 to $16; 10 waitresses and chambermaids,
city and country. $20 and $25: 4 second girls.
$20 and $25 each. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st.
WAITRESS. $C a week: chambermaid, must
sleep home, $20; housekeeper, country, $15;
boarding-house cook, $".">; house girl. 3 In
family, f25; second girl, $16: nurse, $25; 3
c»ks, $30 and $2.; 20 house girls, $25 and $20.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Two waltress-s for hotel In mining
t..\vn; $25 per month. W. D. EWER _ CO.,
610 Clay st :
SOME one to take charge of kitchen work for
large private family; American or Scandi-
navian preferred; woman and grown daughter
at school or at work could be accommodated.
Address box 3227. Call office.
WANTED — A young woman speaking French
fluently to walk and converse with a student
of the language a half-hour dally at S:l5 a.
m. Address C. T., box 2038, Call office.
GIRL, German or Swedish, two In family, for
good cooking and housework. Apply 138
Twelfth st.
COMPETENT girl for downstairs work; must
be a good cook; also a neat girl for second
work and mending. 11S0 O'Farrell et.
WANTED— A first-class experienced millinery
trimmer. Apply HALE BROS.. Inc.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
APPRENTICE Klrls wanted at A. CAIL-
LEAU'S. 114-116 Kearny st.
■WANTED— FemaIe help at National Laundry.
411 Sanchez Bt.
OPERATORS on wrappers, skirts, ladles' un-
derwear. 23 Stevenson at., room 16.
WANTED— First-class Bkirt makers. SCHIM-
MKL & STOVER. 40S Sutter at.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; cooking and ge_-
eraV housework; wages $20. 719 Scott st.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking. 1048
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED— A young girl to care for child; Bleep
home; $10. Apply 417 Larkin st.
GIRL for general housework; $15. 3321 Twenty-
third st.
FIRST-CLASS flnlnhers on pants and coats;
good wages. 641 Market Ft^
WANTED— FIrst-cUusi tailoress on fine coata.
231 Post st., room 27.
GIRL to assist in light housework. 1598 Ful-
ton st.
WANTED— GirI f.>r general housework; refer-
ences required; wages $25. 2930 Clay Bt.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats. 915V4
Sutter Bt.
GIRL for light housework; good home. Call
between 1 and 4 p. m. 2116 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework. 2111
Geary st.
EXPERIENCED waist hands; also an appren-
tice to learn dressmaking. 1117 Sutter at.
GIRL for plain cooking; three In family; apply
before 12 m. 1929 Sutter St.. nr. Fillmore.
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard at.
WANTED— Chambermaid at Park Hotel. 1830
Haight st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vesta; ateady work.
6 Eddy et.. room 91.
WANT girl to wait in restaurant. S Howard
at., near Eaat.
RESPECTABLE girl to wait In tailor shop.
883 Haight st., near Dervlaadero.
A GOOD flnlKher on coats; $10 a week. Call
between 12 and 1, 251 Eighth st., Oakland.
GIRLS wanted to work on pants; also neat
sewers. 2SIB Greenwich st.
FINISHERS on pants, 82H Geary St., room
33.
WA N'T _D— German-speaking girl for small
family; wages $20. Inquire 627 Baker at.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD.. Brannan
at., between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan at., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLB! GIRLSt GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.. 82M: Fremost St..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
AN apprentice with experience on custom
coats; good pay while learning. CHICAGO
CLOCK CO.. 1814 Market st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; no
washing; good cook; 2 In family. Cill at 418
Lombard st.. bet. 8 a. m. and 4 d. m.
WANTED— A neat, capable girl for housework;
wages $16. 710 Hyde Bt.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
made coats. 651 Folsom at., cor. Hawthorne.
GOOD reliable cook; also woman clerk for
delicatessen; experience. 22^4 Geary, room 29.
FINISHERS and apprentices on coats. 449
Minna st.
WANTED— FIrst-cl_Bs pants flnlahera on cus-
tom pants; steady work. 411 1 -, Kearny St.;
top floor.
WANTED— GirI to care for children; wages $10
to $12. 1532 O'Farrell Bt.
GfcRL to learn pants making; paid while learn-
ing. 110 William at., off Geary, nr. Taylor.
GOOD finishers and operators on coats. 956
Washington at., Oakland.
PANTS flnisherß and operators on coats; good
wages. 541 Market Bt.
WOMEN and girlß wanted to work on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. 6ft Kearny
St., room 18.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
_i_____ff!__ 
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURr7aY~&"rIeAdT7777.7pHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agenta,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
MECHANICAL HELP
Harness-makers Upholsterer and clerk
Carriage painters Mill bench hands
Wood turners Coopers for winery
Setter for sawmill Band sawyer
Sash and door makers Cabinet makers
Wages for above are $4. $3 50, $3, $2 75 and
$2 50 day.
BLACKSMITHS
9 blacksmiths and horseshoers and helpers
for shops, etc., $3 day, $60, $40 and $35 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS ENGINEERS, ETC.
12 carpenters, 20 miles from San Francisco, 8
hours' work. 9 months' Job, free fare
$3 day and found
2 carpenters, city Job, 8 hours $2 60 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
TO THE MINES
6 more miners, single hand
24 laborers (no experience), fare $1 25 $60
25 laborers (no experience), fare $2 50
$34 and found
20 laborers (no experience) $63
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
machinists .777777777777777777777777777777777
2 machinists, country, steady Jobs $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay at.
WE PAY YOUR FARES
AND SHIP MONDAY
To 38 sawmills and woods in California
183 men for different positions (no experience
required); wages $26, $30, $35, $40 and found;
60 different classes of work; you will suit.
We Pay MURRAY & READY,
Your Fares 634-636 Clay st.
TO THE FARMS AND DAIRIES !
128 farm hands, steady Jobs
$35, $30, $26 and found
6 plow teamsters, fare 25c $30 and found
10 milkers $30 and $25 and found
6 sheepherders, fare $1 50, steady Job
$25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE
To every railroad in California (but one)
Stone masons, concrete masons, laborers,
teamsters, drillers, hammersmen, etc.; wages
from $3 50 day, board and lodging $4 50 week.
(The one we don't ship to is Coast Railroad).
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
..HARVEST, FIELDS AND HAY BALING..
$3 50 day.. l 9 strong men to bale hay.. s3 60 day
Derrick forkers, sack sewers,, hoedowns,
cleaner tenders, fork driver, etc. $2 60, $2,
$1 50 day and found. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
FRUIT AND GRAPE PICKERS— S3O and found
662 men and boys (no experience required) for
all parts of California; fares from 70c; office
fees, $1. 60 strong boys or men to cut beet
tops, $30 and found. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED
5 farmers and wiveß, $40
4 cooks and wives, $50
2 gardeners, $35 2 milkers and wives, $40
Bartender and wife, $40
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
CHOREMEN AND BOYS
36 choremen and boys for farms, Bhops, fac-
tories, manufacturing companies, learn 8
different trades, cash and errand boys, $30,
$26, $26, $20, $15, $10 and found and by the
week. GARDENERS, COACHMEN. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOOD WAGES GETS GOOD HELP
34 two-horse teamsters, free fare $2 25 day
25 four-horse teamsters, fare $130 $60
35 laborers, fare 60c, manufacturing Co $60
38 laborers, fare 60c, no experience $60
25 drillers and hammersmen, free fare
$3 and $2 75 day
4 laborers, private, fare 20c $60
12 laborers to go north $63
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
STONEMASONS -HTAHLEMEN
14 stone and concrete mafons, $3 50 day; 9
laborers, same Job, no experience, $60; slate
splitters, block makers; 7 stablemen, city and
country, $30, $2.", and found, $40. MURRAY
6 READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
IN RAN FRANCISCO
35 two-horse teamsters, $2 and $1 75 day, $40
anil $2fi and found ;
25 laborers $2 and $1 75 day, $30 and found
MURRAY &. READY, 634 and 636 Clay. St.
777777777 to sawmills and woods
Shingle Joggers, lathers, Jack screw-rs, shin-
gle Jointer, crosscut sawyers, tree fellers and
50 other Jobs for mill and woods; wood chop-
pers, tiemakers, shingle bolt makers by the
hundreds--573; tools and food found, fare paid,
$2 50, $2, $1 75. $1 cord ; 12c each ; $80, $75, $60,
$60, $40, $30 and found. MURRAY & READY,
t.14 and 636 Clay St.
BARTENDERS .... BAKERS .... LAUNDRY
2 bartenders, city $30 and found
6 laundrymen $35, $30, $25 and found
2 first hands. 7 second, 6 third hand bakers
and boys to learn trade, $40. $35. $30. $25, $20,
Ji:>, $10 and found. MURRAY & READI*. 634
and 63C Clay St.
HOTEL DE PT READ THESE
34 cooks $55, $50, $45. $35, $30, $25 and found
27 waiters $35, $30. $25, $20 and found
65 dishwashers $30. $25, $20. $15 and found
3 pantrymen and 6 porters, 5 bell and elevator
boyn $30. $25, $20, $15. $10 and found
Broilers, second and third cooks, cooks and
wives. Above Jobs are for hotels, restaurants,
saloons, Institutions, mines, camps, ranches,
etc. COME AND SHE.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
STILLER for large winery company. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay Pt.
MAN and wife as waiter and chambermaid,
country hotel, $40 and found; cook and wife
for camp, near city, $60 and found; night
cook, country, $45, fare paid. MURRAY &.
READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
WANTED — Farmhand for first-class vineyard,
must handle 2-horse team, $25 and board; 2
men, handy with ax, for shingle mill near
city, $30 and board. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
■W AX TED— Cooks for hotels near city, $35, $40
and $45 per month. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED
Furnaeeman for quicksilver mine, married
man preferred, $65 yer month and house rent
free: sheepherder, $25: 5 miners, $2 25 per day;
3 laborers for brickyard near city, $30 and
board; cook, small country hotel, $45; black-
smith for country shop, near city, $2 50 per
day: also helpers for ranch, $30 and board;
farmers, teamsters and others; 3 laborers
about mine, no experience required, $26 and
board; teamster, city, $175. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Gardener for private place near city, refer-
ences required, $23 to $30 per month and
found; see party here. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay at.
WANTED— HoteI cook, $50; 4 cooks and wives,
$:f.", $50, $55 and $6T>, for hotels and boarding-
houses; night cook, country, $35; boardlng-
liouse cook, country, $40; waiter, good coun-
try hotel, $30: 10 dishwashers, city and coun-
try, $15 to $25 and found; restaurant cook,
second butler, $20; porters, bakers, helpers
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — 4 quartz miners, $2 50 day and
board: 2 men and wives, private family work,
$30 and |3f>: pressman for printing office; car-
riage smith, $4 day; stableman, $30; 2 black-
smiths, country shops, $55; carpenters, $2 to
$3 day: horseshoer for country; farmers, $1
day: tallyman for mill. $30: sheepherder. $25;
American farmers, $25 to $30; 200 laborers for
<iunrrles. mines, railroads and other work,
$1 75, $1 90 and $2 day; teamsters, $1 76 and $2
day; and others. J. H. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— WaIter, $40; waiter, country, $30;
lunch counter man, $40; oysterman, $40; night
cook, $7 a week; 3 cooks, country, $30 to $50;
dishwashers, vegetableman and potwasher,
$1." to $30. etc. ANDRE'S, 816 Stockton St.
A MOTHER and son or man and wife work on
ranch; $3r>. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
VALET, $25 per month; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
SECOND cook, $40; 2 waiters. $25; waiter, $30;
barman, $30; cook, $45. HOTEL GAZETTE,
26 Montgomery st.
STEADY man satisfied with $1R to $1S per week
wanted for permanent place; light work;
must have $75 cash; experience not necessary.
1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED — Gardener who understands raising
cut flowers; chance to buy business or become
partner. JOHN POTTYAL. 1211 Polk st.
10 DISCHARGED volunteers Spanish-American
war. Apply between 10 and 2. ED LYONS,
712 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers to work Inside; also
a good bushelman. Apply to S. N. WOOD.
718 Market st.
WANTED — A good shoemaker on repairing at
603% Lyon St., bet Fulton and Grove; call
11 a. m.
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st.
FIRST-CLASS cutter wanted. Apply S. N.
WOi>D & CO., 71S Market st.. 7:30 a. m.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply 8. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market St., 7:30 a. m.
OPERATORS on custom coats; good wages
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
EXTRA waiter wanted from 10:30 p. m. to 1:30
a. m.; wages 60c. 12 Washington st.
STEADY barber wanted for eveninigs. 323
Devlsadero st.
GOOD coatmaker. THOMAS E. KENT, in
Poßt St., room D, third floor.
BUSHELMAN wanted. 126 Kearay at.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers wanted. 6
Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work by week;
good wages, 24 Montgomery at., roorne 1-2.
WANTED— An upholsterer. 1587 Geary st.
BARBER— First-class, for Wednesday7~Batur-
day and Sunday. 511 Caßtro at.
WANTED— Salesman for retail crookery busi-
ness; give reference and wages expected
HELP WANTED — MALE.
150 GRAPE PICKERS ....$1 "d found
Large, strong boys and men to pick grapes,
no experience required, for Fresno County,
2 h t o a 3 months'" work." ' C.' '__' HANSEN ft CO.!
104 Geary St., Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
borers, teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages or
$1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure It from us
free of any expense to the work. C. J*.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men, wages $1 75 to $2 75, for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
80 TEAMSTERS, $2 a day, board $4 50; 8 men
to timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 75
a day Free Fare
For the Valley road. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributor, $40 to $50 and found,
country hotel; washer. $30 and found. C. K.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
■NIGHT clerk and tend bar, country hotel,
$20 and found, experienced young man. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NEAT boy, about 16. for bellboy: no experi-
ence; $7 50 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
ELECTRICIAN, country, $3 a day; engineer.
$3 a day; buggywasher, $60: woodworker, $2 50
a day; 2 ranch hands. $30 and found; plow
hand. $30 and found; laborer, city, $1 25 and
found; 2 laborers, $1 and found; 15 lumber
pliers, $30 and found, see boss here; boy for
box factory, $5 a week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
RESTAURANT butcher, $60 and board: cook,
$60; cook, $12 a week; broiler, $11 a week; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $40; night cook, $50;
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and $30;
vegetable cook, hotel, $35; potwasher. $27;
waiter, $40: waiter, $8 a week; waiter, cafe, $30.
Barkeeper, $40 and board.
Hall boy, hotel, $15; 4 bell and elevator
boys, $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS, $4 a day; helpers, $2 25; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Oysterman, and also a waiter, at
19 Powell st. -
ERRAND boy between the ages of 14 and 15 at
108 Sixth St.; references required. Between
8:80 and 9:30 a. m.
WANTED— for inside work. 223
Sutter st., upstairs.
STEADY waiter in a restaurant. 1759 V. Mis-
sion st.
WANTED — A shoemaker on repairing. 791
Mission st.
WANTED— A tailor to work on military work.
2818 Greenwich st.
PANTRYMAN wanted. Capital Restaurant,
206 McAllister St., opposite City Hall.
FIRST-CLASS pantsmaker. 607 Montgomery
street.
WANT a steady young man to run errands.
2910 Lyon st.
WANTED— carpenters at Goat Island.
CAMPBELL & PETTUS.
BOY in tlnshop; age 15 to 17; apply 7to 9. 633
Mission st.
BOY wanted; about 14 years of age. G. C.
HALL & SON, 12 Sutter st. Call from 8 to 8:30.
WANTED — Cleaner and presser; also coatmak-
er to take work home. 2819 Greenwich st.
WANTED— waiter, at 26 Fifth st.
SECOND waiter, German hotel. 660 Howard st.
BUTCHER boy wanted. 610 Castro st.
EXTRA lunch waiter; used to coffee house
work. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED — A finisher on custom coats; expe-
rience; button hole. 14 Harriet.
NEAT boy. 16 or 16. for hat store. JANSEN &
THIELE, 104 Sixth St.
GOOD steady shoemaker wanted to furnish
own tools for repairing shop at 611 Laguna st.
BOY wanted for drug store. Apply 1300 Polk
St., cor. Bush.
WANTED— A stout young boy as porter. Ap-
ply 24 and 26 Ellis st.
TAILORS wanted. 85 O'Farrell st.
DISHWASHER at 3034 Sixteenth St., near Va-
; lencla.
PLUMBER wanted. Apply 4 Gulden Gate aye.
SHOEMAKER wanted at once. 614 Second St.
WANTED— Coatmaker to work Inside. 927
Market St., room 623.
TEN barbers wanted for city and country: good
wages. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on skirts. FRANCIS,
796 Sutter St.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. 927
Market St., room 623.
FIRST-CLASS cook. 29 Stockton st.
GOOD dishwasher; do a little order cooking.
Call early, 2813 Greenwich st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZi,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
SERVICES of young man % hour a day in ex-
change for business education. Durham's
Business College, Supreme Court building.
TAILOR on custom coats; also apprentice,
paid while learning. US'. Harriett st.
FIRST-CLASS men to work In brickyard.
South Sari Francisco, San Mateo County.
DISHWASHER. Apply 448 Third st.
LUNCH man, German preferred. 1053 Market
street.
.WANTED— Barkeeper. Corner Lombard and
Lyon sts.. Presidio.
GOOD tailors on custom coats; steady work. 106
Battery St., NE. corner Pine.
GOOD block butcher: $25 a month and found.
Apply 331S Mission st.
TAILORS on custom coats: good pay; steady
employment. 236 Fourth st.
BOYS wanted. Apply at American District
Telegraph Company, 607 Market st.
GERMAN to do porter work; married pre-
ferred. Box 2255, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that . Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
TO Tailors — Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
BARBERS — Two-chair shop for sale cheap: fine
location; good prices; short hours. 503 Wash-
ington St. ■:'■',:,'
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks; only Institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— who can handle short orders,
prepare dinner and bake bread for country
lunch counter. Address box 2243. Call office.
WANTED— An able bicycle repair man; must
be unmarried and furnish good references.
Address P. O. box 205, San Mateo.
FOR pensions, any claim against U. S., see
SHERWOOD, room 612, Examiner building,
San Francisco.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe
Hawaila.i Islands, Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
800 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sta.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
lng and tools. S. BERKOWITZ. 584 Pacific.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to BOc. 562 Mission rt., bet. Ist and 2nd sta.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up- sole-
ing, 20c to 36c; heeling, 16c up. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 60 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station
■ on Valley Road.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. :*;.'", ..■*:•
TRY our 16c meals; best In city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 8. F
BARBER COLLEGE. 188% Eighth st. "
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO. attor-
— neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINi^E rooms, 15c, 20c, 25c i r night; 75c, $1
to $2 60 week. Elcho House, 863^. Market st.
TRY Acme House, 857 Market •♦.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 15_.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 26c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for tale; also wagons, buggies
Tt Si h . arneM - Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
•FAMILY horse, buggy, harneaa for -sale cheap
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, Veterinary Dentist, 605 Golden Gate ay.
I ■ -
; HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
. MY BEST BARGAIN
_ TO-DAY, 15-ROOM CORNER ■
; . COST $1000; PRICE $400
64 rcoms; best in city. • 1.600
i 12 rooms on O'Farrell St.: large yard.... $375
14 ro<ms on Mission Ft.; clears $50 600
30 rooms, corner; rent $55 7cO
18 rooms -on Turk, near Market 550
! 4S rooms on Market st.; rent $75 1,800
48-roorc hotel in Oakland |.600
80-room house: clears $300 2>"o
20 rooms on Eddy st. ; must sell 600
26 rooms: corner; apartment house I> s.
! 11-room louse; one floor jjnO
' 32 rooms; 2 fronts: clears $250 I.*Wj
! 60 rooms: elegant corner; clears $500 3.7^0
7-room flat $150; 8-room flat »0
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 B.pOO
36 rooms on Market st. : clears $200 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. > if tn.
$800— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine locution, all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddyj!t :
$300— BAHOAIX: 24 rooms: all rented: near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 8 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS: finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $30 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
$175— 21-ROOM house; rent $45; must sell. BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy st.
LIST of lodging houses from 10 to 100 rooms
sold and exchanged; money loaned at lft per
cent. EITEL. 100S^ Market Bt.
$375— NEAT lodging house, 14 r. & b. ; nicely
fur.; paying well; N. Mrkt. Box 2032, Call.
$325— LODGING-HOUSE ; 16 rooms; always fill-
ed; rent $45. Call 129 Third St.
HOUSES TO LET.
REAR: 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2611
Mission st.
HOUSE of 6 rooms; entirely renovated; base-
ment and yard. 1205 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & IIOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Kills; fee with private room, board and
treatment. $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Check on Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank
for $100, payable to C. E. Day, dated about
Aug. 26, 1899. Payment is ordered stopped.
Finder please return to J. H. DAY, 327 Mar-
ket st., and receive reward.
LOST— Sept. 8, on McAllister St.. cocker span-
iel puppy. Liberal reward if returned to
IRVINE BROS., 1202 Polk st.
LOST— Sunday, vicinity City Hall, gold chain,
three diamonds and ruby in fob. Reward,
1100 O'Farrell st.
ENGLISH setter dog, black, white and tan;
had on collar and tag. Return to 226 Market
st. ; receive reward. WM. F. WATTSON.
FOUND — Cow; owner can have same by paying
expenses. Call Sheid's blacksmith shop, 4610
Mission Ft.
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chines© tei
and herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay st., Saa
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. in.. 1 to 1
and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
j MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
j tatlon free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician! 510
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladies' physician. 1228
Market St., between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, ladies' physician; mcdl-
I cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
i::{. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason gt.
mSCKLLAJTBOUS — FOB SALE.
BOTLEF.S, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLJPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters,, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
ONE 1-6 H. P. alternating motor. $6; 1 roll top
oak desk, large, new, cost i'^t} for Wi
loaded shells. $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors,
850 Markot st.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes: new and
second hand: carriage engines. DYXAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission Ft., near Ninth.
FIXK thoroughbred mastiff dog for sale. 362
San Carlos aye.
FOR sale— First-class second-hand cooperage;
35 oval oak casks, 6 10,000-gallon tanks, 20
1500-gallon tanks. 150 puncheons: steamed
spirit barrels, $1 SO up. A. PETZOLD, 27
Broadway.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St., S. F., Cal.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND billiard table In good order-
complete, 835 Folsom St.. WM. BATEMAN.
FOR SALE— Windmill, tank and pump, or take
a horse tn trade. 1218 N st. South.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine in good order;
complete. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-121 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines. lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 In.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 13lt Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine: 15 H. P.: c • '
first-class shßpe. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
DRESS pants, $2 75: fine suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
I>R CREELVS ('. P. M;mge Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
DESKS. office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS anrl "ntlnes. second hand: also wins
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co. .Stevenson st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
QASH paid for standard make upright pianos.
Address box 1340. this office.
WANTED— A double circular portable sawmill
and 25 H. P. engine and boiler. Address
Postofflce box 40. Quincy. Plumas Co.. Cal.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co., 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraperteams
with* harness and pead bars; long Job. E B.
PTONE F.lmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payabla
back in installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan «s long as you de-
sire: avoid red tape and publicity ;see us first;
you will be waited up'.n quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays J
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abovs
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6% per cent on real estate, 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644.
AT reduced rates on estates tn probate, rents,
chattel mortgages, real estate, country prop-
erty. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture ar.d
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner Mdg.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates- Ist and 2d mcrtgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgnmery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notei
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592. Parrrtt big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and >iv need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Mi-rket st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weelly Call.
lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 ?er year.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— S4OOO ; 5 years; gilt-edge "securtm-MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS w. ir» *->o<l upright Ftanos^f3r^«
casii an.l p; per month, we ask y.,u to investi-
gate an.t approve this method; prices re th»
■ ax as !' purchased for all cash; bargains
in goo<l second-hand uprights upon same' easy
Payments aad some good plar.os for ?3. $4 and
B p^r m.-.nth. SHERMAN. CXA.X 4 CO
Satelnway dealers, corner Keamy md SuttVr
sis., ban Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
A BSOLUTELY the sliest an-1 largest house
wesr cf Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
Ji. -s. and 3D O'Farwll st.; pianos, orzar.s and
a., other musical instruments of afl grades
and prices; tertna easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dona to pleas* and satisfy the
cv:.-r mer.
TWO 3ne walnut second-har.d Dicker & £.■>:!
Pianos They are bargains you should not
ir.isg. at MAUVAIS', 7*53 Market st.
GREAT sale of "I^eal Guitars" this w*k at
Mauvais', 7«3 Market St. Get prici?* at once.
STKINWAY upright; party must have money;
mjke offer. Room 21. Flood building.
A-SHo UPRIGHT ps:ino in ftn.^ condition: also
th- famous Horr.ung Bros. EH McAllister it.
A BEAUTIFUL Aricn: $30 o:ish; call after-
njong. Room 12 Flood building.
W. O, BADGER. 412 Satrraraer.tr, et., agert for
Franrta Bacon and Hal'ett & Davis ptanoa.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for caah
WILSON'S STORAGE, 17 IJMarket st.
A BARGAIN — Steiawaj upright cheap.
SCHMITZ^ 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
CHEAP Stelsvw upright: also the famous
Horouag Bros." piano*. 215 McAllister et.
A— UPRIGHTS. $«9 up: ir.-tallmerTt?. 15 73 up;
rents. $2 up 'allowed on sale). Heine. 13' i Ellis.
SO TIMER. Byrcn Mauxy and oth»r pianos 303
P^gt st.
WANTED— t Bquare P^ncs and 4 Cabinet Or-
gar.s. BYRON MAU7/T. 30S Post st.
KXAEE plar.os: new >ica>; new str!-»s. K*">H-
LER A CHASE. SO OTarrell it. ;
SUPKKIOR v'cllr.s. ilther?. oM an.i~new. I?.
ML'LI.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS baWtoxSSR L Wu3ut «t^
Desirable ■--'-. 30 to $20.
PAL3IISTRV.
MME. NEERG!C\RD7"pu?ircrCourir ••~~G^-
main. i:< G<?ary St., above Jones: '•lasses;
c:f.ce hours. 1 to 3 p. m. : reading by mall. $1.
PARTNERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted — Mir. or woman to take
charge of kitchen: none but good cock need
apply. Box gaio. Call.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Ta'.entM young lady and gentle-
man: leading roles far big local producrtion.
Addr<*6s Njx 2063, Call.
LEDCRER S Quintonica is the only hair tonic
that aii3 all requirements: clean, gioesy hair
results frc-m Its use: 35c bot. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER Is not oniy the leading hairdresser,
but he restores gray hair ta its original color
for $1 s<i to S.": hainiressing 25c: switches, $1
up. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton sc
TO whom it may concern — I will not be re-
sponsible for any d«?bts contracted by my
wife, Mr?. Maria T. Boothe, after this date,
September 9. 899. A. E. BOOTHE.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney a: Law, an.l Copyright
So. i Sutter st.. Laws a Spt?cla!ty
San Francisco. Cal. I American and Foreign
Ser.d for circular. 1 Patents Solicited.
M-\RY— I get my handsome cape at the East-
ern Oatflttin* Ci>.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. Thore ycu can get m<^st anything in that
T»w« on easy payments; open evenlng3.
ET.~t.TRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Ktei. 44 Th:ri St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $130 per night; $1 50 to J6 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the f?rry.
ASSORTMENT Df imported and demestic rem-
r..ir.n t.-r suits to order, $10 75; cants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One- Price Tailoring Co.. 1544
M^.-kPt st., tinder St. Nicholas Hotel.
DRESSMAKING: party dresses a specialty:
U. S. tailor system; very reasonable. 1H
Twe-fth st.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to orter at
wh.-U'sale Sp7Jr--s. KRAMER. 3> Saaaome st.
V»"HAT have you to exchange for course in
6paalah or sirring? Box 47<5. Call office.
OUR leather is carred '.a Mexico: beautiful
belts $1: special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, cakfs faces
fc*av:t:fui;3oc. Mrs. Butler, r. 350, Pheian bldg.
MME. LOI'ISE':? manlcnre pnrlor has removed
from O" Farreil to 132 Eddy st.
RTPTITRK, riles cured; examination free.
Dr«. MassfSeld & ForttrfieM, >*3S Market st.
JAMES A. BOKEXSOIf. watchmaker aad iew-
»!->r. removed to V'-Z Sixth st., near Mission.
RUPTUKEt strtctnre cur?d: no knife; no injec-
tion; ?uarar.id. Dr. Gordto. 314 Pine. ab. Krny.
A— Laiiie*' cr gents' clothinc furniture bought.
sol<1: teL Mint 997. JA<?OBS. 1023 Folsom st.
ST'TT^ to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. 7ih and 3th.
WANTED-^id gold for tnannfaiig, O. Nolte,
Jewel-r. 24S OFarreli. tet. Piwell & Mason.
CHEAPEST ami be?t la America— The Weekly
Caii 16 pages, sent to any address la the
Unitod States. nogtpaM. f^r SI per rear.
PROPERTY WANTED."
WANTED— SmaII Btock and srrain ranca oa
shares: partly furnished. Address H., 102^2
Sixth at.
COB.NEP. with cr without bulldlne: $3iXO to
tftiQ. ■".EO. W. CHAPIN. 11 Montgomery.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. CLT%"E GRUVER, free treatment daily. 10
a. m. and 12 m. 120« Market at., room *.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
10211* Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
CHOICE PARK. LOTS
ON EASY TERMS.
THE BLOCK
Farina; Golden Gate Park on H si. between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth av»s., has just
been placed ca sale It. subdivisions. Already
a number cf lots h*ve been sold. Hay.- you
seen this block? Fifty of the best lots, every
cne oa grade with atreeU, which are officially
graded and macadamized. Plank sidewalks
and water mains laid all ready for building.
Prices ranging from $.'OO upward. : Your own
terms. Interest en deferred payments only 8
per cent. As these lota fate the park and the
new Nineteenth avenue boulevard, th-y will
surely increase In value. Near the new music
etand and all principal park attractions. Elec-
tric cars pa«s the property. Take Ellis or
Halght straet cars. If you are wiae you will
see them at once aad secure your choice.
B__- office, corner of H st. and Ninth aye.
Open telly *«*■&«»$««•* H OWELL.
10 Montgomery at.
FOR sale h<-iu»e containing 8 rooms and
fcath with mantels and -gas fixtures. Apply
at the office of T. J. WELSH, architect.
room 36. Flood building. Market aad Fourth.
BUSINESS corner on Point Lobos aye. at a
forced sale: 22:SxlOO: only SlafiO; all of the
furroun.ling blocks graded and the lota aow
being built upon; a flae chance to build up
a business: the only corner for sale tn the
tract- easy terms: excellent location for store
and flat*, and will pay well: a rare chance.
W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
OVLY $1300 for two lots on Twelfth aye.. close
to Clement: ready for building; all street
work done; 25x120 each; easy terms. W. J.
GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
IF ycu have lota north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery »t.
XEW HOMES •■■ ••••• • - •-
Five. S. 7. 3 and 10 room houses, finished
with' all modern conveniences, fronting oa
WaH»r. Pierce and Primrose stfl., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder^ '
j22— WEBSTER. 821. corner McAllister— s sunny
corner rooms and I baths; a bargain. SHxIS-
WALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. 220 Montgomery at.
J2O,C»O— BUSINESS property; good Income: In-
come 1140 per month. Owner, box 2426. Call.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
FINE level land. cleared, at Antelope, Sacra-
mento Co.; wiil lease for 5 years with privi-
lege of buying, or will lease on easy terms.
McEWEX BROS.. 118 Montgomery at.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY 1610 — Rcorr-s Bar light housekeeping for
"man and wife; private house; no otaer room-
ers.
ELLIS 828— Parlor suite. 3 sunny unfurnished
rcoms; hot and cold water; housekeeping.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant »una 7 unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH. 3*#— New house, nicely famished sunay
suite 3 rms. : complete for hskpg. ; run. water.
FILLMORE. 2205. near Clay— sl2: 5 clean suaay
rooms; bath; nice yard and water.
GEARY, £56— Elegant sunny parlors, piano.
phcae: other rooms; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 1404— Sunny front room;
reasonable, large bedroom, $5; bouiwkeeplng.
rj \r.r I.SOX 61S — Two sunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; running water and use of
cook -toy rent $9; private yard.
HOWARD I*—Very1 *— Very large sunny room; two
gentlemen, or coayenleat tot Itstt oousekeep-
izg; private.
ROOM* FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
HOWARD. 732— A sunny basement room: fur-
nish :d for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
IVAN HOE. iOC-2 p.;lk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
winr.y; far, hkpg. suites <3 to 5 r. i. $U up;ref.
PARKIN, 328 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; furnished complete. gas range; Hath.
MINNA. 514— Two furnished rooms; complete
for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 123. corner Powell— Nice front
rarm. So. Apply at 15 Grant ay«.
SEVENTH. 192. Glrard House— 1 large sunny'
unfurnished room; furnished suites.
SEVENTEENTH. 3739— Furnished or unfur-
nlshed room?; very reasonable.
SIXTH. 136— Roocia for light housekeeping;
quiet souse.
THIRD, 316 — Housekeeping rooms; suite and
stcgl.;; $1 50 to $2 50.
THIRD, 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; first floor; front: bath; gas.
THIRD, 303 ; — Housekeeping rcoms; also single
rooms. SI up.
TWELFTH. 120— Suite and kitchen, nicely fur-
cished, large sunny rooms, gas range; private
family: select locality; warm belt.
TWENTY- FIRST. 3275. near Valencia— B sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; renovated;
bath; laundry.
TWENTY-TH1RD.3726. near Dolores— Two sun-
ny bay-window rooms, complete.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b«en established at IUS6 Va-
!<?noia st
_____________________________________
ROOMS TO LET — Kara, and Infnrn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor.Broadway and Polk —
Quiet and homelike: rooms bright ud gunny,
c: eg - suite: charges moderate: cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk ar.d Taylor sta.—
Homelike house, modem service; elevator:
bat!;, room*. Sue to $1 50 .lay. MRS. J. KING.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aa-.l
subscriptions haj been established i: I'J'jti Va-
lencia ft.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light hcusekeeptr.g: open all night.
AT New Grand. 245 3d — 2TO lst-c!ass sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day: 30c to ?■<•■- housekeeping.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CARP.OLTON. 1208 Market, ccr. Golden Gat*
aye.— Sunny corner; well fun), rms. & offices.
EDDY. 121! (United States Hotel)— Clean, aeat
rooms, (ran $1 jo a week up.
ELLIS, 515 — Large room for 2 gentlemen; ail
conveniences; newly furnished; $13.
EXCELSIOR House. 33 Turk, cor. Taylor— New
mangt.: sunny front bay-wind, rms.;- trans' Qt.
FULTON, 21a. cor. Van Nesn — Neatly furnished
fiat; 3 rooms: gas range, bath; also others.
GEARY. 405 (Thrf Navarre)— Comfortable fun.
rooms: travelers accommodated- MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 5T2— Th« Loncworth; el-gantly fum.
front suite, single rooms; excellent board.
BALDWIN Annex Lodgings '330 Market st.)—
Central location; entirely new management;
cSice suites and single rooms at mod. prices.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
» sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors: reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to X ■--.- week.
HARRISON", 7«4'-i, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rms.; bath: homelike: »1 wk. up.
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. Seccad and Third,
n^ar Harrison — Pieasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reasonable.
HOWARD. 715— 2t)0 sunny ro-itr.s: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lignta.
HOWARD, S2S— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrcna desired.
HOWARD. 1151 A —Bay-window room; 1 or !
Kcntl«mec; with bath; bi^anl optional
LARKIN, <2l— Newly and handsomely fur-
nished «:nny parlor suite; also desirable sin-
gle rooms.
MINNA. 567. cor.Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. ... room; running water; to
a lulet person only; $5: no sign.
NATOHA. 2)7, near Third — Sunny front room
for gentleman.
"NEWPORT." D Franklin, nr. Market— La— T«
bay-win, rma. and -•.«■- $."> up; also -»kpg.
O'FAKRELL, 314 A —Changed hands; newly fur-
nu'h*-! rooms: all convenlet:<-es; single or en
suite: transients solicited; c'»c up; phone 1299.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms »nd
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PERRY. 131—5 moms to let: rent $12. Call 1(S
San Carlos aye.. bet. Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth sta.. Mission.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosines Club)— El-
egantly furnished sunny rooms: reasonable.
POWELL, .'f.3, above Sutt»r— Ne-wly furnished
rooms, with or without board; home cocking,
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, raiding room, stacking room and
ladies' parlor: rocms. per night. ".si: to $1 50;
week. 12 to IS. month. IS to $30; elevator oa
office floor; .-corns with hot. cold »at; baths.
SEVENTH, 2(i2— Nicely furnished rooms; sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modem conveniences.
SHERMAN Apart— House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market — urnlsh<»d and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33, nr. Market, HClsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished rooms; elevator: transient.
SUNNY elegantly furnished front parlor; --c-
trai location: gents preferred; privileges ;
rent $20. Address box 2116. Call office.
TAYT. lit — Large front room, $16 a month;
al.«o single: bath.
TENTH. I^3. near Market— One large sunny
front room with closet; $7.
THE MalfoM (XW. cor. house. 107 Taylor -.-
104 Turk) — Has changed hands and been newly
furnished; has the most desirabV and sunny
rooma in the city: suits and single.
THE Heath, 312 Eddy sL— First-class rooms
and board: hot and cold water: Telephone:
modern; all conveniences.
THE Piedmont i'll9A Sixth st.) — Sunny bay-
window rooms, double or Jingle; rent low.
THIRD. 123 — Sunny furnished rooms from $1
per week up.
TURK. 126 — Sunny furnished front room for
man and wife: other roomi for gentlemen.
ROOMS, WANTED.
2 LADIES desire S housekeeping- room* I a qaict
neighborhood. Box Call; state t»rm».
SEWING MACHINES AND SI PPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, soli, exchanged, rented: re-
palring ,v lowest --<-•« UK Fourth st.
~^ SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES'— Chiene-ter'i English Pennyroyal
Pills are the t*st; safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for particulars. . "Relief
fcr Ladles," In letter by return mail; at drug-
gieta. Chlcheater Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejec- 1 for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 M--mtmTn»rr «t. mntns *>-!": W. ESS
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 3.
PISRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 491 Post. cor. Powell; tat Mala 5713.
"~ TO LEASE.
FOR RENT — place for a chicken ranch;
over 7 acres; fine house, barn, chicken houses,
pigeon yard, large brooder house. Incubators,
garden, line wat*r, etc.; only 40 miles from
the city; close to nice town; rent cheap to
good tenant. Apply to THOMAS BROWN,
Sonoma, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date -2-story house*
of 7 » and ■) rooms and bath each: 3rst -class
neighborhood; near school and stations: street
work all complete: from $3000 to $4000; only
JSCO cash an.l $25 and $30 per month; great bar-
gains: cheap lota for cash and houses to let
in all parts of Alam<*da.
$2200— Lot 60x150; $200 rash ao<l $20 per month:
fine nearly new cottage; la a m -■• d neighbor-
hood: near High School and station
$2200— Lot 55x115. with tie*— si residence of 8
rooms- in One condition: macadamized street:
Dear station and school; great bargain; worth
$3]/00; any terms: same as rent.
$_sno Lot 40x207:1!: fine, new. modern t-room
cottaee: near High School and station; $500
caah and $25 p<»r month.
11000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms; atreet
work complete: near station: easy term«.
$1800— I— 33:4x1C3; with a One modern cottage
of ■'. rooms and bath; nice garden; street work
all done: near station and school; $100 caeii,
balance I 2« per month. _
$2X50— 5500 -ash. balance $25 per month; lot
40x150 with hew up-tc-<Ja.t« cottage of 7 rooms
and Rath, between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250— 5500 ca«h, $26 pur month; l«*a than
rent- lot 40—150 elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms
and bath; on Morton st.. near Mortca-st. sta-
tion: best bargain la Alameda: eiegaat resi-
dences on Santa Clara aye. and Central ar».
at a bargain. • -. . ."-.■'
Hove. t* I«t la aU PffVoREALi'cO./
. 'us Par* St.. Aiameda.
THE SAN* FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12. 1899.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
1900— 40x105; northwest corner; block !
from Willow-« station.
; $1100— Lot 50x150; San Antonio aye., near
: Chestnut st.
I $1200—35x125; 6-room cottage; fine location:
"snap."
$11X0 — 40x103; S-room house; Grand -at- station. j
$350 i) — 50x150: elegant new 8-rcom house; Clin-
ton aye.. near Chestnut-st. station.
$3500—50x150; elegant 3-rocm new house; Ala- ;
j meda are., bet. La:'ay<«tte and Union ate.
All the above are close to schools and cen-
trally located and can be purchased on easy
terms; same as paying rent; Investigate.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
IS POST ST.. 3. F.
Office open Sundays and holidays.
FOR sale — Bargain; in Alameda. near Bay-st.
station; house of two flata and all "nodern
Improvements. For further particulars In-
quire at 231 Stevenson St., San Francisco.
• ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location: alzo modern cottage, i rooms;
lets 50x150; easy terms. Apply 131S Mozart •
St.. Mastick star.:". Alameda.
j SNAP— New- Hous*. I rooms and bath; lot 50x \
150: good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. IGI2 Chapin. J
CHKAPEST and b*st In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address tn the
United States, postpaid, for SI per year
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD. j
; FURNISHED rsoma, double or single: hot and
cold water shower batha; steam heat; tele- ■
phone n*ar station: breakfast if desired; :
every heme comfort. 2301 Central aye.
HOME for Sadies in delicate health; larc»
i grounds: private MRS DR. FT.TNKE. 141fi *!th. [
\ BERKELEY ADTERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$170o_HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath: lot 50x133;
i on the sunny side of street: only 4 block* i
from University grounds and 2 blocks from I
railroad. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. 0.. Berkeley.
ONLY $3500 — 2-story house of 7 room*; lot MS
125; mar electric railrcad: Just the place to
raise chickens. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, adjoining P. O Berkeley.
FOR sale— sl7so- a house of 6 roams, bath and
I cellar, modem; 5 minutes' from U. C. . near *
I electric cars; lot 50x100; this is the cheapest :
buy in Berkeley; lot alone cent $400; this '
us.' has Just been built; S3OO down and $15
a month at 7 per cent interest. Address
Owner, 2137 Dwlght-way.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$10 CASH. $.' monthly till paid, for a fine
chicken run. 50x254 feet; price all told. $130;
A", soil, grand view, superb climate, plenty
of good water: 3 buildings now going up; ,
electric cars and grand boulevard near by:
not far from a fine school house; Westall
Tract, Fruitvai". adjoining Ea^t Oakland.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., near ;
corner Broadway. Oakland; H. Z. Jones. I
owner: carriage — ■■-'
, OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR i ALE.
, AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
1 DIVIDEND Nctlce— Dividend No. 1 (25c per ;
; share) it the Kilauea .Sugar Plantation Com- <
' pany will be payable at the (2- - of the
company, 327 Market street, on or after Fri-
day, September 15th. ls3S. Transfer books
will cloi»e on Friday, September ;th. IS3S. at
3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. ■
PROPOSALS.
! PROPOSALS for tools, materials, scientific in-
. -trnmcßta, books and office furniture for the
United States refrigerating and ice-making
plant. Manila. P. I.— Office of the officer In
I char- rocm 507. Pullman building, Chicago.
lU., September 7. ISS9. Sealed proposals in
triplicate for furnishing and deliveriag above
articles in scer;ifled •juantities will b« re-
ceived here until 3 o'clock p. a., September
23. ISH9. Bidders will quote prices for deliv-
ery at place of manufacture at Chicago, I. 1
and at Ban Francisco, Cal. For iaformatlon
and lists of material fa be furnished apply
at the office of the D«?j>ot Quartermaster, San
Francisco, Cal. Envelopes containing pro-
' po*als should be marked "Proposals for TooU
and Materials for U. S. Refrigerating and Ic«-
-tnaklr-s: Plant. Manila. P. 1.." addressed to
MAJOR LEON S. ROUDIEZ, Q. M.. U. 8.
V.. and should be mailed In Saa Francisco
not later thaa Saturday evening, September
23, Iff*.
! PROPOSALS for new pattern boots— Depot
Quartermaster's of ace, 36 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal.. September 1. 1339.
Sea .- proccsals. in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 11 o'clock a. —
September 13. 1539, Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing 5000 pairs of new
pattern boots, conforming to standard and
specifications, adopted August 23, IMS. Pref-
erence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal ( including in
the price cf foreign productioa and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be £ ■ ■--. to articles of American pro-
duction and maaufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject a— of the proposals or an-.- part there- ;
of. Information and blanks for proposals
wIH be furnished on application. Envelopes ■
containing proposals will be endorsed "Pro- |
po«r' i for new pattern Boots," and addn»ssed
to Captain OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quar-
( ._.„ .... U. 3. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
; Mam Ucnses have beea Issued as follows:
William Johason and Minnie Harkins . 22-22
Peder J. pedersen and Mamie Moiback 2S-23
Alfred Fremont and Elizabeth O'Neill .... 32-31
William J. Ooidge and Anne M. Francis.. .2S-22
Ittsy Hertz and Deila Hart 33-30
William G. Hitch and Mary C. Drum.. 2l-13
William W. Schivarz and Hattle Kron 24-21
' Orlo E W»— rl» and Erma D. L. Holland. .22-20
' Felix Rxxthkowskl and Ida M. Kreft 3<>-23
Albert A. Da«niere« and Addle J. Beach. .23-22
Andrew S. Graham and Babette S. Bratlie.6fi-4l
Accursto Venezia and Vita Pumllia 28-23
Walter S. Judy and Grace M. Gilbert 24-20
: BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
; mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
! In at either of the publication offices and be
tndorsed with the name and residence of par-
sons authorized to have- the same published.
BORN.
VRENCH— Ia this city. September 8. 1899, to
the wife of Frank C. French, a daughter.
I JOHNSON— Ia thin city. September 3, ISM, to
the wife of J. H. D. Johason. a son.
MARRIED.
! CERELLI— SIEVES*?— Ia this city, September
9, 1339. Dominic C«relll and Olga Slevess, both
cf San Fraactaco.
HARN — ALLEN— Ia this city. August 23. BW,
by the Rev. Father Ryan, Th. — M. Ham
of Seattle and sablaa G. Allen of San Fran-
cisco.
ROGERS— PEL3TEK— In this city, August 5,
IS??, by the. Rev. W. C. Pond, Fletcher R.
Rogers of Colorado and Mary Julia Pelster
of sSan Francisco.
SCHWARZ— SCHOKNAHT— In this city, Sep-
tember 3, 1399, by the Rev. Paul Braake. Otto
■■hwarz and Helwig Schokaaht. both of San
. Tron-lsco.
__—
Baldwin. Lydia A. Mallett, Cart. Jena
Blum. Jeannette M,urphy, Patrick
Buckley, William O'Leary. Nellie
Conradl, Eisa 8. Ryer. Chris B.
Duperu. William A. Rubles. Charles A.
Durant. James Schroeder. Captala
Foley, Henry J. William H.
Hoyt. Emma V. Schwartz, Clara
Hurley. Hannora Sumner. Lulu
King. Austin Surphlin, Charles
i Lambert. Elisha. Williams. Augustus
: McCarthy, Gertrude
i BALDWIN— In this city, September 10, IS9B.
i Lydla A. Baldwin, widow of Ellhu F. Bald-
' v.-:;». and beloved mother of Mrs. Adella Pet-
! titplerre. (Evening papers please copy.)
C~ Funeral services will be held this day
(Tuesday)' at 2 o'clock, at the residence of '
Mrs. Amelia PetUtplerre, lC2lii Oak street. In-
I terment private.
! BLUM— In this city, September 11. 1539, Jean-
' n-itte. beloved Wife of Lei r. Blum, and mother
' of Maurice. Isidore. Albert and Hslen Blum.
: a native of woe, aged 47 years 3 month»
j anil 28 aura
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1-26 Post street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train from
Third and To— — aa_d streets at 10:5,0 o'clock.
BUCKLEY— Ia this city, Se&tember la, 1339.
William Buckley, a native of Ireland, aged
85 years. . ''" '"• r .-'-
CON'RADI— Ia this city, September 10, U99, \
Elsa S.. beloved and only daughter of Emma
ar.d the late William Conradl, a native of San I
Francisco, aged 23 years and 1 months.
!ETTh« funeral services, will be held
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to F'.annagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMSR3,
X Filth it. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 20. >*;.,, J
to-morrow < Wednesday), at II o'clock, at the
family r lßf if "1 2307 clay street. Interment
private.
DUPERU— In this city. September i!. 1399. Wil-
liam A. beloved husband of Matilda' F. Da-
peru. and father of William A. and Cornelia
A. Dureru. a native of Pennsylvania, aged
58 years S months and 10 day?.
DURANT— In this city. ' September 9,. 1599,
James Duraat. father of Mrs. Eleanor Cog-
don and Benjamin Dm— int. a native of Eng-
land. ag»*l 63 years.
i FOLEY— In this city. September 9. 1599. Henry
J.. beloved husband of Thais A. Foley. and
father of Walter J. Foley. a native of Phila-
delphia. Pa., aged -5 years.  . ...
IC~Frloniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Tuesday).' at 9 o'clock, from St. Agnes
Church, Masonic avenue and Page street,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the t» ON of %h<t soul. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetetry.
HOYT— In this city, September 11. IMB, at the
residence of D. W. Balch, 2302 Sutler street.
Emma V.. wife of the late Charles T. Hoyt.
and sister of Mrs. D. W. Balch, Mrs. M. S. ;
Champlaia and Mrs. Caroline Goltry. a na- |
tive of Syracuse. N. V.. aged 64 years. t2yru-
cuse, N. V.. papers please copy.)
IE? 1 Funeral and interment private.
"HURLEY— An anniversary requiem high mam, I
I will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
: Ml the late Haaaora Hurley at Sacred Heart
Church, this day (Tuesday), at I ) o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited to attend.
KING— In this city, September 9, 1599. Austin,
dearly beloved husband of Delia Kins, a na-
tive of Ireland. I New York pacers please
copy.)
I T7"The funeral will take place this day
I (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 111 De Long avenue, thence to St.
Agnes Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the r~pose of his
soul, ccmmenclnr at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. Mount Calvary Cemetery. ,
! LAMBERT— In East Oakland, September 9,
1599, Elisha Lambert, dearly beloved husband i
of Lord W. Lambert, a native of Maine,
aired "S years. - -.cm, Cal., papi?rs please
copy.)
!E7" Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. 1417 Sixth avenue. Bast Oakland. In-
terment private, In Mountain View Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, September 11. 1533,
Gertrude Eleanor, beloved wife of Samuel B.
McCarthy, and daughter (ft Patrick and
Elizabeth Slater, a native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years.
Nctlce of funeral hereafter.
: MALLETT— Ia this city, September 10, 1339,
Captain John Holland Mallett, beloved hus- i
band of Helen Tensest Mallett, and father
of John Holland and Charles F. Mallett and
1 the late Mrs. Florence M. Hlnchmaa. a na-
tive of England, aged 77 years.
'Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3 3D o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 1403 Steiner street. Interment private, j
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
i MURPHY— In this city, September 11. ISS9, Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Joanna Mur-
phy, and 'it. -r of Mary. Frankie, M:u— ar-t
i and Alfred P. Murphy, Mrs. C. M. Shore and
Mrs. H. C- Clarkaon, a native of Caharagh.
County Cork. Ireland, aged 63 years 5 months
and 23 days.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attead the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, .■".-■ m his late resi-
dence, 1766 Folsom street. • thence to St.
Charles Borromeo Church, where a solemn re- !
qulem high mass will be celebrated for the j
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment :
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'LEARY— In this city. September W, 1839, J
Nellie, beloved daughter of Patrick and Julia
O'Leary, and sister of Timothy. William, ■
Bessie and Harry O'— tary, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 2 months and 13
I days.
D r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iavlted to attend the funeral this day
'. (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 611 Tennessee street, thence to
St. Theresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, comm^nclr.g at 3:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
i ROBLES —In this city, September U. tMO,
Charles Arnold Roblea, beioveil brother of
Manuel and Joseph Rnblea, a native of Santa
Clara. Cal., aged 19 years 3 months and i
days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
ti the Church of Nuestra Senora de Guada-
Itjpe. where services will be held.
! RYER— Ia this city, September 11. i-:)'.). Chris
B. Ryer. dearly beloved husband of Louisa
M. Rver, and father of Blalne and Mabel
[ Ryer and Mrs. A. Cohen, a native of Stock-
) ton. aged 4C years.
E7 Friends and mis incea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
family residence, 511 Saachez street, Bear
Eighteenth. Interment at Oak-lal- Cal.
: SCHROEDER— In Nushagak. September 1. ISB9,
■ Captain William H. Schreeder. dearly beloved
- • .■ Caroline Schroeder. and son-in-
law -f Carsten and Emille Sehro<*ier, a na-
tive of Hanover. Germany, aged 4." years S
months and 7 days. A member of Master
Mariners' Association.
Friends an 1 a.--, uajntances are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his "at- resi-
dence. 2230 Fifteenth street, near Noe. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
j SCHWARTZ— In this city, September U. IS9O,
i Clara, beloved wife of A. Schwartz, daughter
of the late Allen and Mary Palmer,, and sis-
ter of Harry H. and Fred R. Palmer, a na-
tive at Canada, aged 34 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iavlted to attead the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth
street, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery. i
SUMNER— In this city. September 10. 1599,
Lulu, dearly beloved daughter of Charles L.
■: and the late Mrs Mary Alice Sumner, and be-
loved sister of Herbert. Charles L. Jr.. Arthur
! and May Sumner, a aatlve of Memphrs, Term.,
aged 14 yean 9 months and 20 days.
Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, front the Holly
Park Presbyterian Church, corner California
avenue and Lizzie Btreet. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from.
Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue. Re-
mains at the rarlors of the Golden Gate Un-
; dertaking Company, 2423 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.
I SURPHLIS— In Oakland. September 11, 1539,
I Charles, beloved husband of Hannah Surph-
iis. and father at Mr>. A. F. Bell. Mrs. H.
Valeria and Richard E. and Charles A.
Surphiis, aged 73 years • months and 1 days.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland. September 10. 1339,
Augustus, beloved husband of Frances Eu-
genia. William?, and father of Fred V., Au-
gusta and Mary Cheater Williams, Mr?. E.
F. Hall and Mrs. Guy E. Manning, a natlv?
of Kentucky, aged 78 years 6 months and IS
days.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
j GRAND HOTEL.
! H J Curry. Martinez R J Gamble * f S D
j H J M.-'wry. Martinez H J Stltt, X V
. Mr Handsome _ w.Oak J D Reeves 3 D
W W Orcutt. Coallnga H C Bale, S D
■ D Flint, Sacto W G Harris. Visa! la
I Callce. San Jose M L [sham. Cal
A E Bell. Los Angeles G Cart hay & w. Dak
| T Phillips. 3 Rafael T B Bond. Lakeport
E T Wyckoff, Cal Mrs H R Robertson.
H N Shead, Sacto Seattle
• H Slv-er. Saata Rosa Mrs Robertson, Seattle
| Mrs E J Flint. Sacto J E Gutir*vA T
X N Plate, S.in Jose iPercy Seville, A T
! C G Hut. Chicago J B Menasch. L A
\ S T Powers, Maine SDL Pasott. 3 Dlega
A Ficnsh. Oakland W E Hoffman, L A
P A Brown, SeatUe W S Montgomery. L A
C B Smith. Stockton H H Watilas Ariz
,F A Pallia, Portland J F Withers. Ariz
Mrs G 6 McNamara. M A Swager. Seattle
: Los Angeles iG Nahar, Fresao
! A C Johnson 4 w, Cal J D Nash & - Cal
C W Craig. Redlaada >W C Schartson. Cal
J P Martin Jr. Tucson !J R Russell Kin— nan
0 E Williams. Uklah V J Donovan. Ventura
M i* Lizzie Prue. Cal :H W Pentland, Ariz
Cr F Ttlghman. NY I A Toden. X M
F Cochran. Carson R X Snelton, Aril
Miss Mary Barnes, do A. A Meyers. Byron
: Wm T Bauman. NY -i Morris, Monrovia
!C E Smith, Colorado A W Reed. Monrovia
' P Mcßae. w _ 2 c. CaljVCm F Lutz. S Ana
H H Hunter, Redding Or D D Mills. S Ana
1 H Burke. Cal _ Walker, Santa Ana
Q M Pock, Stocktcn H G Brown. Ariz
C V.- Siglor, Stockton Mrs C D Henry _ A
iC E Rice Jr. WUkes Mrs Williamson.' Cal
j Capt J D Hlggins. str Mrs Bryon, S Diego
Homer A Levy. Newman
I J B Chirm. PortsrTillelN' A Thompson. Ariz
1 H Htbberd A. w. Cali 3 W Pierce. Davis
C H Fink. Crows Ldg KJ W Wood. Los Banos
: G A Flak, Crows LUg 3 H Craw. Newman
i G Andersoa. Crws Ldg W Shank, Newman
: R Fahey. Volta. • (H Kleher, N«~man
' N Bibby. Volta S P Kiibnon. Newmaa
!W H Abbott 4 w. Ala; a Turner, Modesto
B F Shaw. Nebraska iIVW Veole & w, Cal
Mra Inais. Sacto ;h Croker, S Bdo
Miss laals, Sacto I •
PALACE HOTEL.
B M Deutsch. N V Mrs Danit?l, London
i J R Lowe. San Jo*«- F E Hollister, Sacto
! M L Brawn, Chicago G Frijlsawa. Japan
i D Pepper, Phila , C G Griffith. Ppokaae
: Mrs Pepper. I'hil* ,Miss C Conner. Sßalfael
H C Woodruff. Mich lohn Flaaell. Tehama
i E N* Radke, Nevada G E Goodman, Napa
Baron Le yon Rosen- Mrs Goodman. Napa
berg. NY EC Howe, Los Ang
;E H Davis, Chicago J 3 Salkey. Los Ang
F C Loring, Sp'ikaie [0 A Naummger, Texas
E N Camp. Chicago . M Sal— nan. -Ariz
Mrs Camp, Chlcaifo G W Deltz. Maine
S D Cohen. Portlnd J E Speer, Cal
■ Mrs Cohen.' Portland Mr— Speer. Cal
H M Maelniosh, Cngo Miss H M Speer, Cal
X M Bradbury. Los A J Tod. Texas
Miss Bradbury, Los A Mrs Tod. Texas
! E Chambers, )^os Ang J W Dorris, \rii
: W R Thompson. Los A C H Davidson. Ariz
? Sichel. Portland W A Mtltoa. Ariz
Mrs Sichel. Portland C W McKee. Ariz .
W H Harkness, N J Charles Prager. Los A
, D Melone,. Oak KaoU Mrs Prager. Lea An«
I J Daniel, London . ' . .
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
! C E Hamilton, 3 Jose L C Kennon i w, Cal
i S Clark. Vallejo A N Slndow. Mo '
E B Phelps, Suisua S E Ballanl, S Rosa
■ D J Driscoll. Modesto (.'apt Smith. Idaho
, J Chlsholm, Vallejo W M Howard. Idaho
V J Laudxnan, NY G Douglass sin Jose
;W C Barnes. Alaska S James. ■ Vallejo
j H Wallace. Alaska W Chlm, Los Angles
W J Tlbbetts, Alaska |J H Ray, mO! Angeles
I O E Meter. Alaska . C Phillips, . IlUnois •
I H Hopkins, Seattle I , >:■•;..
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Simon K. and Susie Seymour and George
Kordmeyer to Roman Catholic Archbishop ot
San Francisco (a corporation sole). lot on
SE-Hne of Jessie street. M NE of Fourth.
NE 13 by SE 75:«; $10. 'r\. _ „„__
Solomon and Dora Get» to R ob<!l i. E. Hu , nn /
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 350 N of L.
street, X 25 by W 13): $10. :"-- -
Selina a. Collett to Margaret Mo Arthur, lot
on N line of v street. 57:6 E of Forty-fifth
avenue. E 25 by N 100; $50. , „
Antotne Borel to Asa Richardson, lot on E.
line of Sunset avenue, 25 S of Farnsworth lane.
3 25. E 87.51. N 15.05, W I -- 1 lot 19, block E.
Sunset Heights. HO. _, . . _„
Estate or Henry Vorrath (by Elizabeth Vor
rath. executrix) to John Ogilvie, lot on W line
of Parker avenue, 175 S of Geary street, 5 -a
by W 125; $16»2- ■- • . ■ _
William J. and Harriet Devereaux to Jerome
E. MaoCormac. lot on N line of .gutter street,
175 Wor Filtmore.- W2sby N 137 :«: $10.
Mary Friesenhausen to John Friesennausen,
lot on E line of Devtsadero street. 13. :S b ot
Geary. S 25 by E 100; gift.
Michael Dolan to Robert E. Dolan. lot an E
line of Hartford street. 96 X of Nineteenth, c
S3 by N 25; grift. , „
City and County of San Francisco to J. L.
McKenzie lot on 3 Un« of Fourteenth street.
152 E at Castro. E 26 by # 115: $ .
Amelia and Augusta Schurmann to Margaret
Scheming, -lot on N line of Greenwich street.
223:.)^ E of Dupont, E 11:2% by X '°. quitclaim
deed; JG.
Anna E. and Charles Nltze to same, same,
quitclaim deed: $5. . .
Margaretha Scheming to Francesco Mattioaa,
same; $5. ~
Antolse Borei to Roberta. Robert. Joseph.
William E. and Eustace Ban-on and Mary '..
Grant de Lonquenll. lot on SB corner of Fine
and Stockton streets, N 45:10. E ft* N 22:11, E
45:10. S 6S:11. W 137:8; $10. " ■_ ,'
Uene de and Henrtette Le Roy Tooiueville
•by Edward J. Le Breton, attorney) to same.
undivided 1-24 of lot on N line of Pine street.
137:4 E of Stockton. E 137:6. N 30 . E 20, N 5. ■".
V 20, N IT i. « 38:3, N 2*:*. W 65:9, S 153:4;
MB.
Estate of Bernard E. Tittel (by Joseph C Tit
tel, executor) to Henry E. Bothin, lot en SB
line of Clementina street. 105 NE of Second. > c.
50 by SE 7o; BSfiß.
Rebecca F. Gesford to Mollle C. Gesford, un
divided 1-28 of following: Lot on NW line of
Minna street. 217 SW at Second, being NW of
New Montgomery and Minna, N SO by E a3:t>;
also lot on NW corner of Sanchez and Duncan
streets. W 50 by -V 114; I - 1 '-
William and Jeannette Wolf to Theresa and
Herman Asher, lot on W line of Franklin
street. 112:6 N of Ellis. N 25 by W 87:0; $10.
Wllliaai Matthews to William P. Bucking
ham, lot on Si line of Sacramento street, 13.
W of Octavia. VV 55 by. S 132:5; $10.
Orpha Fulton to Matthew Hall McAllister,
Lucy M. O. McAllister. James and Freda D.
Otis and Everett N. Bee. lot on N line of Jack
son street. 250 W of Filimore, W 25 by »
127 3*4: $10. „
E. Avery and Lillian L. McCarthy to Henry
C. Davis, lot on SE corner of Green and Scott
streets. E 29 by S 71:3: $10. ■
Same to Lydia A. Mackenzie, tot on E line
of Scott street. 71:3 B of Green, S 5«:2 by E 23;
also right of way over E line of Scott street,
127:6 S of Green. S 10 by E 119:8; $10.
Edward G. and Emelie M. Carrara to Fred
erick G. Wight, tot on SB corner of Washing
ton and Spruce streets, E 32:6 by B I' 1 ": $10.
Fernando and Julia E. Nelson to Emma Slm
tnoff, lot on S line of Waller street. 47 W of
Pierce. W2l by SI block 3, Marlon Tract
(hospital lot); $10. „„
Martin Connelly to Seiir.a Connelly, lot on SE
line of Howard street. 35:2 NE of Thirteenth.
NE 28:2. BE 138, SW *«:;* NW 125; gift.
Elizabeth and Benjamin Schlosa to Morris and
Sarah Abraham, lot on E line of . Alabama
street 234 5 of Twentieth, B 28 by E 100; $10.
Martin Connelly to Sablna Connelly, lot on E
line of Folsom street, 25 - of Twenty-fifth. S
25 by E 112. gift.
Same to Sarah M. Connelly, lot on E line of
Foliorn street, 50 S of Twenty-fifth, S 25 by E
112:«; }L
Minnie Danekamp to Eva Meyer, lot on N
line of Elisabeth street, 115 E of Hoffman ave
nue (Ellen). E 25 by N 114, lot 113, Heyman
Tract; $10
George E. and Ettie S. Wilson and George
E. Wilson trustees) and Nathaniel N vvileon
to F. A. Robbins Pres* Works 'a corporation),
lot on W line of Fremont at ---•. 273 a of Fol
som, 8 22:10 by W 137 :fi; Oft,
John A. Hioks to Elizabeth C. Pearl, lot on
SW line of Second street, 40 SE of Mission, SE
30 by SW 77:«; $10.
Alameda County.
Thomas Jan.- is and Edward Wild (by Clar
ence Crowell. commissioner) to Oakland Bank
of Savings, lot on S line of West Fifth street.
SO W of Henry. W 50 by S 113. being lots 23 and
29. block O. Bay View Homestead, Oakland;
$1227.
W. W. Middlecoff to C. E. Hatch, lot on E
line of Harrison street, 1434 N of Twelfth. N
73 by 150, being lot 14. Alice Park property,
subject to a mortgage for $S«}QO, Oakland; $10.
M<?lanie Langley (widow). Charles F. Lang
ley and Millie Lang-ley Wright to Emilia A.
B«lgra.io. lot on SE Una of Seventh avenue. 100
SW of Eaat Twelfth, SW 50 ny SE 10"). being
the SW SO-foot lots 21 to H. blocK 33, Clinton,
East Oakland. $10.
L. W. Forming to \>ni!ta R. Parker, lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth street, 190 E of San
Pablo avenue. E Sn, N 100, W 15. M 25, '■' 50. =
125 to beginning, being lot :3 ana portion of lots
S and a, block N. Kelsey Tract, Oakland; $I'J.
Sybil P. Kfitey to Susan A. Gray. lot on S
line of Chase street. 50 W of Willow. N 27. S
80. E to a point N 7? to beginning, being portion
of lots 12. 13 and 14. block «87. Casserly Tract.
Oakland; grant.
Ethel E. A. Anthony to Jo«m» G. Dos Sant is,
lot on NE line of East Sixteenth street. 100 SE
of Thirteenth avenue. SE 50 by NE 150, being
lots 5 and 6, block M. Clinton, East Oakland;
$10.
Frances E. Lausrhlln to Nemie A. Daffey
(wife if ThomaJ!), lot on N line of Charming
way, 230 E of Audubon street or College ave
nue, E 50 by N 304:8, being me E half of lot
21, block D. Map of portion of Berkeley prop
erty between the university and State Deaf
and Dumb ami Blind Asylum. Berkeley; $10.
Harriet B. Ellsworth to Leon J. Richardson,
lot on E Hne of College avenue. SO N of Haste
street. N 50 by E 135. being lot 2, Ellsworth
Tract. Berkeley $10.
Same to Florence W. Wilkinson (wlf* of W.),
lot on E line of College avenue, 130 N of Haste
street, N 47.02 by E 135. being lot 3, same,
Berkeley; $10.
Lyford and Mary S. Sinclair to James L.
Barker, lot on N line of Durant avenue, 150 B
of Fulton street, E 50 by N 130, being portion of
lot 7. block 13. Mao at property of College
Homestead Association. Berkeley: $10.
H L. Holcomb to Ttllie Campbell, lot 8. block
D. Latham Terrace, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Francisco M.
Azfvedo, lots 11 to 13. block B. Elmhurst Tract,
Brooklyn Township; grant.
Helen F. Reider to John F. H. Kinn lot on
N line Buena Vista avenur. 94 W of M'.nturn
street. •v 34 by N 125, block 51, lands adjacent
to Enclnal. Al«n*U; $10-
Robert McDonald to Edwin Fish, lots 5 to 9,
block B. Hampton Terrace, Hay wards. Eden
Township; $400.
F \ and Mac G. Losh to C. R. Yates. lot on
E tine of Chestnut street, 105:11 8 of Twenty
first S 100 by E IS, being lots 5 to S. block B.
Map' of Adeline-street property, oeing a re<U
vlFioa of blocks A and B of Northern Addition
to Oakland, Oakland: $10.
Mary H. Jouett. guardian estates of vvuuam
H and John H. Jouett, minors? to Frederick H.
Daktn and B. M. Newcomb. all Interest in lot
on N line of Vine street, 121.48 E of Arch. N
113 66 E 68.25*. s 107.92. W 68.52 to beginning:,
being the E portion of lots 21 and 22. Map of
property of Berkeley View Homestead Associa
tion. Berkeley; $1450. . _ ,
Francis W. Stevenson to Jane E. Stevenson,
lot on W line of Franklin street. 30 S of Fif
teenth B 34:3 by W l.m. being the S 34:3 of lot
i-> Schroder Tract. Oakland; also lot on N line
of Thirtenth street. 150 E of Broadway N M
by E 37:6, block 191; also undivided % Interest
in lot' on S line of Fifteenth street. 100 W of
Franklin W ■ by I 101:3, being lot 13, Schrod
er Tract, quitclaim deed. Oakland. $3.
C H and Julia E. Walker to Home Security
Building and Loan Association, lot on 3 line of
Nineteenth street. 100 W of Grove. W 25 by &
57:5, quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
L. A Raleigh, Lizzie and Orrin K. Doane and
A M B<»nham (by W. S. Harlow. commission
er) to Carrie M. Robinson, lot on SE line of
Thirteenth avenue. 100 NE of East Fifteenth
street. NE 25 by SE 75, block 65, Clinton. East
Oakland; $1097. '
E G Vlnzent to Josefa. de Ezeta. lot on NE
line of Adams avenue or East Fourteenth
street. T.l SE Of Howard. NE 200. NW 22, NE
101 SE to center of Sauaallto Creek, thence S
to NE'line of East Fourteenth street. NW l>n.
to beginning. Brooklyn Township: $10.
H. B. and Laura A. Pinney to David E. Tay
lor lota 25 and 26, block A. Revised Map of
Prospect Hill Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
A L Mants to Julius A. Remmel, lot on SE
corner "of Mound and- Jackson streets, E 100 by
S 31:2 H. being lot 20, brock 83, Map of Alameda,
William H. and Mary WHiten to E. D. Mac
donald lot on 3 line of Buena Vista avenue,
129-11 W of St Charles street. W 31 by S ISO.
being the E 13 feet of lot 13 and W 15 feet of
lot 14, block L, Bartlett Tract, Alameda; SlO.
John F. Ross to F. G. Eastman; lot on SW
eorni?.» of Parker street and Hilleerass avenue.
nSOby ■v 159.48. being lot 1. block F. Hlllegass
Tract. Map 3. Berkeley; $100.
Minnie C. and Herrmann J. Sadler to London
and San Francisco Bank (Limited) of San
Francisco, lot on 5=E corner of Sherman and
Julia streets. 3 3CB:'>. E 3(>o to central Sausal
Cre^k thenc* N to ? line of Sherman street, W
■•».») to* beginning. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Abbie G. Chain i »ii ii to Frank S. Thomas, lots
4 5 and 6, block 14. Eatudlllo Tract. San Lean
d'ro E<ien Township; $10.
Daniel Tray to Mary T. Tray, lot beginning
at NE corner of lands of Mrs. Francisco D!a
villa, on W side of Main street, thence W 100.
V3O E 100, R 50 to beginning, being portion of
plot 44, Rancho El Valle de San Jose. Murray
Township: *£* ■C. E. Hatch to B»M C
Sarah C. and C. E. Hatch to Howard K.
James lot on E line of Filbert street, JS»:M S
of Twenty-first. ? 50 by E 125. block 614. Oak
land; $10. - '
Builder's Contract.
John Rapp & Son. owners, wun c >m ut t.
contractor; Salfleld & Kohlb*>rir. architect*.
t-arp*nter and mill work, hardware, glazing,
plastering, tlninpr. whitewash!™?, painting, etc..
for a two-story frame building for bottltnjr t*
tab!l«hnieTit on southwest ' corner of Division
and Kansas streets. S 110. W.IOO, N 83:10. JOB
44. E 60 :3 to beginning i J57n5.
BAY AND BI VEB STEAMEBS.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Hoaticello. "
MON., Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15. 30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., %
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. t Telephone Main 15CJ. : .
FARE ................................. ~:......50c
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page 8.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 11— Ship Spartan,
hence Aui? 23; stmr Cottage City, from Dyea;
Btnr Cleveland, from St Michael, ship spartan,
hence. An jj 23.
LMPviL'A- Sailed Sept Schr Lucy, for San
Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 10— Scnr Fr~l E
Sander, frcm Port Ludlo-w; stmr Aberdeen, hno
Sept I
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrive-1 Sect 11— Schr
O M Kellogg, hence Aug 22; schr Serena
Thayer, from San Pedro; schr Exceldlor, from
Hueneme; sohr American Girl, hence Aug 20;
gchr Rube L Richardson, from Alaska; schr
Lyman D Foster, from Ne'wchwang.
Soiled Sept 11— Bark Rufus E Wood, for Syd
ney.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 10— Schr Jen
nie Th«?lin. for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 10— Schr Ruby A Cousins, hence
Aujr 2*5. Sept 11— Stmr Newburg. hence Sept 6.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 10— Baric Rufus E
Wood, for Sydney.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Sept 10— Bark
Topgallant, for San Franci3co.
Arrived Bent — Schr Excelsior, from Ha
enenne.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 11— Stmr
Pasadena, from Eureka: stmr Greenwood, hne
Sept 9.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sent 11— Stmr Nnyo,
for San Francisco
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept 10— Schr
Okanogan, from Honolulu; schr Maria E Smith,
from San Pedro. Sept U— Bark Carnndel^t. fnj
Port Townsend; Nor stmr Aker, from Naga
saki.
L'SAL— Sailed Seat 11— Stmr Newsboy, for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
REEDY ISLAND— Passed Ship A J Ful
ler, for Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HILO— Sailed Sert I— Bktn Archer, for In
Francisco.
SWANSEA— SaiIed S«pt 3— Fr bark Marguer
ite Minings, for San Francisco.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived Sept 9— Bktn
Jane L Stanford, from Port Blakeley.
NEWCASTLE, Ans— Sailed Sept U— Bktn
Newsboy, for Kahulul.
MANILA— Sept Stmr Senator, hnc
A«S 15.
ACAPULCO— Sent 7— Stmr Peru, for
Panama.
HAKODATE— SaiIed Seat B— Schr Vine, for
San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 11— Bark Theobald,
from Unsa-
BARRY— Sailed S«ct 3— Br ship Peleus. for
San Francisco.
HONGKONG— SaiIed S*pr 4— Br strnr Kelat.
for Royal Roads.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Sect 9— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
TlENTSlN— Arri veil Seat E) — Schr King Cy
rus, from Chemainus.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sert 11— Stmr Meno
minee, from Liverpool; stmr Laureatian, from
Glasgow.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previously Sept n—
Stmr Hongkong Mam. from San Francisco, etc.
Sailed Sept 10 — Stmr America Mara, for San
Francisco. Bunker coal has been on fire.
LIVERPOOL— Arrive.! Sept 9— Stmr Corin
thian, from Boston; stmr Etruria. from New
York.
OCEA2T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
iw Steamers leave Broadway
*y^l— , wharf, San Francisco.
JF^3!S&k For Alaskan, ports, 10 a. a..
■ IS^SaSftk September 3. 8, 13. 18, 23. JS.
*» iiEWR October 2. change at Seattle.
| MMBB« For Victoria. Vancouver 3.
ajSSKjy«djai C>. Port Towr-.sead, Seattle.
r^^fi£j£&e\ Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte«
and New Whatccni (Wash.),
10 a. m. September 3. 8, 13. 13,
•3 28, October 3. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattl. to this company's steamer.
ror Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. ,
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
' For Eureka .Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Sep-
tember 1. 1. 11. IS. 21. 2S. October 1. and every ,
fi'th day ttierea."er.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey San Simeon.
Cayucna Port Harfoni (San Luis Obispo).
G«vtoU Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hn«eme,
San Pedro. East San P?dro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 3 a. m.. September 1. 5. 9. 13. IT. 31. I
25. 29. October S, and every fourth day there-
! For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford fSan Luis Obfspo>. Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles Mai Redonda (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m September S. 7. 11. 13. 19. 23. 17. October 1.
and every fourth day thereafter. I
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo«e M ,
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia ,
and Guaymaa (Hex.). 10 a. m.. Tth of each j
For further Information obtain f'!<!«r.
The company reserves the right tr. cnang-; I
without previoun notice steamers. ffß.ll.ms date*
' ar^ h"«r« of rfrnmn--.
i TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street Palace Hot»n.
SOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. On. Ar«
10 Market St.. San Francisco. I
THE 9. R. & R. CO.
" DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
!F O "R. T T_. A. IsT ID
From SDear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«nC Sl2 Flr«t Claaw Inclndins Bert!
rHiIC $8 Second Cias I and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA tall«
Sept. i. 15. 25; Oct. 5, 13. 23 :
COLUMBIA sails.. St. *0. 30: Oct. 10, 20. 30
Short line to Walla Valla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through, tickets to all points East. '
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
«30 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
SSW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDOS, PARIS
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept. M! St. Louis Oct. 11
' St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New York Oct. 4 New York Oct. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New YorV and Antwens.
From New York Ev»ry Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. 20! Southwark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 j Westernland Oct. IS i
Friesland Oct. 4 ! Kensington Oct. 25 j
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mfchael. Dawson Clry.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to !
1 INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY, j
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISfIA.
• ;,•.. r-i:-
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
' YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and I
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
: of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. September 12
AMERICA MART Friday. October 6
HONGKONG MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight anil passage apply at company's office,
421 Market et.. cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
®HolfllfMl The S. S. Australia :
isHflE sa " ? for Honolulu I
[ m t^ tritmmm^ Wednesday. Soptem-
■ — rx be c 20. at 2p. m -
r^MliShlD- vl * S " HonolSn* sails
SjMnKnnJ via Honolulu and
GfIWfIHJ IHU . Auckland for Sydney
(Qr?,Pdnil~ Wedn^nday. October
• • !W * 4. at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues, '
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. 0. SPHCCKELS 4 BROS. CO.. Aats.. 114 Montqomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Oiflcs. 327 Mart at St
COMPA3NIE 3INSBALE TBAFSATLASTIQOB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jj-eja.
Sailing Every Saturday at 10 a. m. >CZ\Ztr*,
from Pier 42, North River, foot of *~~-**>~<*
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Sept. 18; LA
| BRETAGNE. Sept. 23: LA T(iURAINE. Sept. ,
20: LA NORMANDIE. Oct. 7: LA CHAM- I
PAGNE. Oct. 14. First-class to Havre. $65 and
upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. I
Second-class to Havre. $4.". 10 per cent reduc- ■
; tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU- :
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgom-
ery aye,. --an Fran !.«•«'.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
IH£ MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE TSAR PULLMAN-
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTER El)
, TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLK
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
aLABKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. 3±,
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY SIR.
j FRED HARVEY. AND ARK PERFECT IN
EVERY . DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
! REGULAR HOURS AND SEASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS. AS THE SANTA FE ROUTS.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. SB
: MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
, OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. SOI J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. I W. Santa Clara, Street, i
. KAIXEOAD TKAVEL.
mt*xrrnv.v3t r4C»»ic c©3n»ArtS
(PACXTIC itTSTW. I
-mini I«*tc »ad »r*> «*«»«• i* arrtT* i»4'
«A> FUAMCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot at Market Street)
tBATx — fsuM AcocgT 3. 1339. — ABJirra
7:«o a Benicia, Suienn and Sacramento. . . . 3:43*
7.-OOA Mirysville. OroT^leaad Redding »1»
Woodland I^s2*
T :OO i Elinira. Vicaville and Ramsey BXiOr
7 ::t<» v Martinez, San Ramon. Valiejo. Napa,
Caljstcra *nd Santa Rasa •»•»*
S:O«a Atlantic llipreas. <'rie" »° d Kast.. 9«-*54
•i3Oa Jose. lirermore, Htocxtou,
loua, Sacramento. FUcorrille,
- M.-.rys»:il... Cfclco, KatTßtafl «:!•■**
8:30 a •Milton, Oakdale and Sonera 4:13f
■:3«* Yosemita VaUey via Oakdale and
Chineso.. *i!3f
•:OO* Harrards, Niks and Way -tations. 1 ' ■■ * 3*
•:««.i Martinez. Trrcy, Lathrop. Stoctßon.
■swill mil Fresno. I»il3»
»>«»<>* Fr.;=iiu, JUlteisiieM Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Deming. El Paso,
New Orleans and East *t49r
10:OO a Valiejo, Martinez and Waj Stations ?:-l-jp
1 1 :OOa Haywarda, >*U:s aod Way Stations. *: Mr
12:O«m NU'.-s. Li«cnrore. Stockton, Hacro- ;■
mento, MendoU, Haniord, VLialla,
Pcnerrllle 4:13*
•l:««p Sacramento Hirer Steamers «S:OOf
8:00p Hayward3. Nike and War Stations. 5:43*
4:l>«P M.irtlue;, Sou iUmon. Vallejo.
' ' Napa. L'ui ; *»»)gH.. Bauta Ross 9il»*
4t«*r Benida, VioaviUa Sacramento, I
Woodland, tvr.itfbts Landing,
Mary»rill». Oro»iU« l«:-«4*
«iSOp Siles. San Jo* and Stockton 7ilSf
4:3O? Yoßemite Sleeping Car for Earmond 12:13*
O;<WrTh« O-wL Tracy, Fresno. Baicrs-
Aeld, Saosna (or Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. •s-lSa,
JlsSOp Stockton. Merced. Fresno 12:13*
StSOr Martinez. Trie?. Mendcta, Fresco,
J!;;iav« Mil I as Augelea 9:4-1*
Si3«r Smitii Fa Route, Atlautld Express
for Moja»e aud East 0:43p
•s««r Chica?o-SanFraneicooSpe<saJ,Og<l<m
»ad K*«t , .^.. 8t3«»
•tOOy Haywarda. Nilesacd San Jose 7«4.'»a
•*l»Oflp VJleio 18:13*
t?:OOp Talleja. Port Co»t» and Wai Sta-
tion*- t««33»
o:«9i> On-sou Kxpress, MacraTSento. Marys-
*!llu. RetldTnff, Portlaad, FiigeS
Honwl ami East Btl3A
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iufe). *
(Feo» of Market Street.) - /
u fT»*»i Santa Cruz Excursion tot Santa *
Crux and Principal Way Stations ;S:O3f
|Vl 5 a Newark, ten ill.;. San Jose, ion, ,
Boulder Creek.Saata Crazand Way
Stations ssfl*^.
*■*!•* Newark. Centern;ii!. San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cms and Principal War
Stations ~ •I»is«4|
4il3r San Josa. Glenwood and War Sta-
tions. 9«»«4j
MilS* Teitoo. Santa Crca and Way Sta-
tiocs /»i«o^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
foam raifCCCO— fist at Kirkit Street (51:? 8)—
•7:18 9:00 11.-00a.M- 11:33 *M 0 t3:09
■ •i:CQ :3:sa *6:C3pj».
rraatOAlUSS— FutafßrcadwtT.— "*5:00 8.-00 lC:COi.ie,
tI3.CS '1:5: t3:CO *3:CO ti.-OO 'B:OCf.M«
COAST DIVISION UroaiHiauce). /
. (Third and Townaend Sta.) '
»«clOa Ocean View. Sousn tion Krancifco.. •«:»«»»
«7:OOa San Josa and Way 6ta:i.-os (New
Almaden Wedne«daj»only> »8sO«4
{7:3* a. Sunday Excursion t:r Santa, Cms,
Padnc GroTa and Frineical Way
Stations J9ta3»J
••••a San Jose. Tras Finos, Hanta Cruz.
Padiic Grote. Paso Rubies. Sao
Luis Cuispo, Surf, Lompoc and
Priiicirol Way Rations 4«1«F
f•«10 * San Jose am! Way Stations - 0:33 A
11:30 a San Jun and Way Stations l>«Ca
•a:4Sp San ilatfo. Redwood, Manlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, can Jose.
Hoilister. Santa Ortiz. Sailnas,
Monterey and Pacific Grov» *10:3tt4
"Ss3or San Jose, Santo Cruz. Pacinc GroTe
and Principal Way Stations •T:8»F
•4il3p San Jose Principal Way cations *■*
•3:«M>pSanJose and Principal Way Statioca *S:33x
3:30r can Jcse and Principal Way Stations *O:«O*
6:::«;> San Jose and WayStatioca 3:30p
tllttSp San Joaeand Way Stations ptstTg
A for Mcrulay. P for Afternoon.
• Snnday except*)! tSun<ayonly. t Saturday or.jjt
taaturday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSSS
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC!
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoa Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. \
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a- m. ; 12:3*j
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips ax l:i*
and 11:30 p. m.
AYS— B:OO, 3:30. 11:00 *. m. ; 1:30. i.3o±
1:00, 6:23 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS=-«:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. si. ; 12:43;
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips aft
1:53 and <:£ p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:«, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, J:4O. 5:08.
(-.36 p. m. i
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
■ *
Leave i i Arrive .
San Francisco. I In Effect j San Francisco. ,
1 April 13. j .
Week Sen- DM. Sun- WeeJt
Days. ', days. i Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 am' »Sl ami Novato. 10: Warn S:4O am
3:30 pm I V ami Petaiuma, 8:05 pm:IQ:2S in>
S:l3 pm' 3:00 am. Santa Rusa. T ■ pmj S:2O pm
Fulton, |
:j.. ix Windsor. :10:36*a|
HealdaSurg.
Lytton.
GeyservHle.
IJOpni 8:00 aai: Gloverdai*. \ T:3S pm 4:2Q pra
7:30 am,' Hopland and 1 10:25 an»
3:30 pmj 8:00 amj Uklafl. 7:3S pm; 6:20 p=»
7:30 ami {10:25 *nj
; 8:00 am Guernevin*. ; 7:35 pin
1:33 ;m( j | j <:Z0 pta
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma. 110:40 am 3:tdan«
| and I
1:10 pm. 3:00 pm. Glee Ellen. 6:05 pm 5:20 pm
T:3O am 3:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am, 10:25 an*
IJO pm 5:00 prn. I 7v35 pmj «:20 pea
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark WesK
Epriiigs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lyttoa Spring*; at Geys«rvtlle for Ska^gsj
•oring*; at Clovardaie for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprln*r»»
Ki»l»<«yv1Ile. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake*
port and Bartiett Springs; at ITkiah for Vl^hy
Springs, Saratoga. Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Ponw,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riversid*. Lleriey'sJ
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heigh HullvilleJ
Booneville, Philo, Christine. Soda Springs,,
Kavarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Littla RlverJ
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usa!. WUlitts, Laytoavlll«, Cnai
ding's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets aC
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points]
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ■_..;-'■
Ticket Offices. «30 Market St.. Chronicle bide.
H. c WHITING, R. x. RYAN.^,
General Manager. Gen. Pisa. Agent.
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SataalU* F«rry.
v^':U : Commencing September L 1533. —
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAT.T.F.I
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. ra-J
•1:45. 3:ifl. 4:00, .15. ••:68, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *3:0 O. "10-.flO, 11:00. U:3O
a. m.; 1:00, •!:«■ '2:30, *l:00, 5:30, 6.43 p. m.
ll:C0 a. m does not run to San Ran Sundays.
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
. Trains marked '•> run to San Quentln. '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *«:40. 7:53. 8:40, *10:2»
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. »3:40. 4:X I>,1 >, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, «8:C0. «9:45 '10:43. ni:4j
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20, «3:30, *s:li. 'I'M. 7:00, 10:15
P Trains marked <•) run to Pan Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, «:50, 7:53. 8:55. 10:35
a. m. : 12:35, 2:43. 4:53. 5:20 p. SB. -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00. 10:20 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:00. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05,
1-^0 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7-Ofl a. m. week days — Casadero and ■way sta' as.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way star.a.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Casadero and way sta ns.
1.4.'i p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reye3 and way sta ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1533. trains will run aa toller:
South-bouni ~~ ~ n 'i l TII1 ' i -«_
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. ' Pa ****"
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd ExCptd) Dally.
7:20 am : 10:30 am Stockton ,1:45 pmj 8:00 P ra
l : i0 am! 2.05 pml Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pn»
10:« am s:* pm rreeno ! » : » am 1:42 »2
11 -3S am 745 pm Hanfort i 7:45 am 1:48 pra
I^ pm 12:30 am Eakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 aa»
11:53 am) 6:25 pm Vlsalla 1:40 am 1:8 pa
11:15 nm! 653 pm Tu!ar» I S:5O am 1.05 paa
"stopping at intermediate points as requlrod.
For particulars of stag* and other connection*
inquire it Tratao D«e*rtm«iit. m liuiut at.
Baa mscUoo. -'-r--
WJUNT TAMALPA.IS SCENIC RAILWAY
iL.ea.vK baa i? ranciaco, via MSMsaltM berry.
Ccmmenclng SUNDAY. Apr.. 23. lias.
WEEK DAYS. D:3O a. m. ana 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip en Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:13 p. m.. Return ins Sam* Svea-
lsg. arriving in Ban Francisco a: - 11:31
p. m.
Bl.NijaTS, i. i. 10 and n a. si. and 1.45. t M
and 4 p.m.
Fare 8. F. to Summit and Return. $1 it.
THOS COOK it SON. Aits.. 821 Market si
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
1112
"STRICTLY BUSINESS,"
SAYS EXPERT WILLIAR
Explains His Transactions With
Gedge and Conlon.
Man Who Boasts of Bribe-Taking Hires a
Bodyguard — Secretary Simpson At
tempts to Cover Up School Board
Crookedness.
THE School Board scandal Is now up
to the Grand Jury, which will be
Impaneled to-day by Judge Daln
gerfield. District Attorney Murphy
says that he has no official Informa
tion of any crookedness, and will
not take action In the matter until he
lias, but asserts that there Is no ques
tion but that the charges published in
The Call will be among the first matters
that the Inquisitorial body will take up.
Director Gedge, who so boldly acknowl
edged his crookedness, found It con
t yesterday to seek the protection
of a bodyguard to spare him the embar
rassment of answering many pertinent
questions the newspaper reporters were
anxious to put to him. The guard occu
pied the outer apartment of the doctor's
B. The tfrst thing he wished to as
certain from every caller was If he was
a reporter. An answer in the affirmative
elicited the Information that the School
Director, who ndmits that he accepts
bribes, was not In. Further than this the
guard would say nothing.
J. J. Conlon, Gedge's colleague, whom
the latter says received a share of the
money, will not admit that he Is a
. i— in "fact, he denies that he Is any
thing of the kind. He says that life Is too
short to pay any attention to stories pub-
I in the newspapers, and that he has
mnde up his mind not to worry about
them. According to what he is reported
to have Bald, he Is fairly aching for aJi
Investigation.
H. R. Williar, the expert, whose name
has been connected with the School
scandal, was seen yesterday at his
214 i'ine Ptreet. He denied that he
was the man who, Director Gedge states,
12000 for the Ink and paper con
tract He failed to see what was pecu
liar abi ut his action in agreeing to act
ns paper expert for the Supplies Comxnit
■ the Board of Education and re
porting that the paper manufactured by
his firm was the only brand worth hav
•That was business," said Mr. Williar;
"purelj business. I was sent for by ti :■ -
•'one Sunday— by '"onion I think it
was— and met him and Gedge at the City
Hall. Tli.-y asked me to look over the
samples ol i a; and give
my Judgment as to which was the best.
As soon as I saw a sample of the Golden
re was nothing m<->re for
do. 1 told them that it was the
BLper worth having, and we all w*-nt
treet and had a drink. I did
THE BERTHA ARRIVES
FROM THE FAR NORTH
LADEN WITH TREASURE FROM
CAPE NOME.
Miners Speak Most Hopefully of the
New Gold Diggings— The
Passenger List.
The steamer Br-rtha arrived last night,
fourteen days from St. Michael, via Cape
■!i days. The steamer brought
down about a half million dollars in gold,
consigni d to the Ala-ska Commercial Com
pany, about $100,000 of which was from
Cape N.nie. There were sixty-eight pas
sengers twenty-nine cabin and thirty
the Bteerage, fifteen of whom were
fr> m ' !ape Nome.
The majority of the Cape Nome pas
- are miners who have come to San
• • winter and who intend to
return to the north next spring. They
ich claims to be good.
though th« dust is line and hard to catch.
report town lots at Cape Nome as
Belling ai a great premium and predict
:i to 'he diggings next year.
mer brought down the body or
FredericK W. Alton, a former resident of
la who died In Winter Camp, on
Hogakataka, Beptember 12. 1888. T.he 101
--passenger list:
Will • . Mra. B. A. Judd, E. L.
Allen C. A. Johnson, I- C. Sherwood. JD. V.
Rev, A. P. Cone, A. Larsen, V% . H.
Laughland, K. B. Hall. P. B. Jackson, W.
Amebury, .1. A. Tompklns, George Bonner, Mis.
Miss Dorfi Wright, Mrs. L.
Mra Prevoßt, Mrs. de Monet. J. J.
Orant. Mis. Nellie Humphreys, M. I>ou<i, J.
I Olbney, J. H. Perry. W. D. Staley. 0. E.
Warren. C. L. Hobbs, Dr. O. B. F\ Anderson
ar.U thlrty-ninp steerage.
BALDWIN TO BE SOLD OUT.
The Baldwin Hotel site, held by its
owner at a valuation of $3,000,000. will be
sold under the hammer by Sheriff Martin
on October 3 to satisfy a judgment of
eleven hundred and some odd dollars, un
less K. J. Baldwin succeeds In raising the
isary cash to liquidate the claim of
Ickelheimer Bros., plumbers, at 20 Geary
street, before that date. Legal notice to
that eff.ct was published yesterday and
the Sheriff must sell Baldwin's interest in
the property, unless a settlement is made
before the time mentioned.
Baldwin, it appears, has been pro-rating
all the money he could get hold of among
his more persistent creditors ever since
the fire that destroyed the hotel. Ickel
heimer Bros., however, were not among
ihe forunate ones and all they could get
was promises. They finally assigned their
claim to Attorney Joseph EC Sien. with
Instructions to bring suit against their
debtor. Judgment oy default was ren
dered agalnsi Baldwin on April 27 of this
year, and an attachment levied on all real
estate owned by him in this city.
Before Baldwin departed for the Santa
Anita ranch ten days ago he was waited
f ,n by Attorney Bien and Informed that
the judgment must be satisfied at once or
the 'hotel property would be sold. Bald
win replied that he had no money, but
expected to be able to liquidate the claim
upon his return from the south. 1 ;•:■!
heimer Bros, were incensed at the manner
in which they had be. :i treated, however,
and the judgment was placed in the hands
of the Sheriff, with instructions to sell
the hot--! property under attachment.
Attorney Bien saiu last night that the
Bale would surely take place as advertised
unless the claim was paid.
. ♦ .
* SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur- |
I chased from all agents and |;
} newsdealers at 5c per copy. |;
Death of A. S. Barney.
Alfred S. Barney, grandson of the late
Colonel J. D. Stevenson, died yesterday
at the Waldeck Hospital as the result of
an operation for appendicitis. Deceased
was 46 years of age and a native of Nan
tucket. He had lived in California since
1875 and for many years had charge of
the' office business of Colonel Stevenson,
when the latter was United Slates Ship
ping Commissioner. He leaves a widow
and one daughter. Miss Marion Barney,
who is a member of the Frawley com
pany.
not treat, for I never get business in that
way.
"I am willing to admit that that partic
ular brand of paper is manufactured by
the firm that I represent on this coast. ;
Brown & Powers did not ask me to fur- |
nish them with that brand, so that they
could comply with the specifications in
making: their bid. I do not know either
member of the firm, but had they come to i
me it would have done them no pood, for |
1 would not have sold them any of the
paper called for. "We manufacture it as j
a special brand for Payot, Upham & Co., j
and it would not be business courtesy for
us to sell it to a firm that was going to j
bid against our customer."
The altered specifications are being i
carefully guarded by the secretary of the
Board of Education. Mr. Simpson is pre
sumed to be aware of the fact that they
are public documents and open to public
inspection, but to head off a possible de- j
mand to scrutinize the tell-tale papers he ;
conveniently stays away from his office, j
According to the statements of Simpson's
deputies the machinery of his department
reaches a full stop whenever he passes
out through the front door. He is the |
whole thing, and his deputies can not
even sneeze without he takes the snuff.
If Mr. Simpson is the only pebble on the j
beach it behooves him to stay where he ;
belongs, and give a little of his attention
to the business which his deputies are !
afraid to transact.
A demand to see the specifications yes
terday met with a refusal. The deputies
stated that Mr. Simpson. was out and that j
in his absence they would not dare to al- |
low the inspection of any public docu- .
ment. Mr. Simpson may have no interest
in keeping from the public information !
concerning the. latest school board
scandal, but, even though he is reported
to have told his friends that Gedge was
all right, his actions in the matter are j
somewhat peculiar, to say the least.
The appended communication has been
received from Cunningham, Curtiss &
Welch. The statement referred to was
made by School Director Kemp, but it is
evident from the stationery firm's expla
nation that Kemp was enjoying one of his
alcoholic trances at the time:
The firm of Cunningham, Curtiss & "U>lch
submitted In the regular way to the Board of
Education a hid lor supplies, quoting the low
est prices at which they could afford to supply
them, and were awarded the following articles
at. prices as noted:
I-e PaKC?" glue, half pints.. *1 90 per dozen
Ink feeders 1 30 per dozen
Numeral frames, small 29 each
Accommodation holdeis 30 per gross
••D" slates, 7xll F,5 per dozen
"Covered" slates, 7xll 1 04 per dozen
From the above memorandum you can see we
were NOT awarded the contract for "paper.
Ink and such stuff," and up to the present time
have not received an order for one dollar's
worth of supplies of any kind.
MIDWIFE ACHARD WAS
NOT TO BLAME AT ALL
MRS. I>E LA FONTAINE DIED OF A
PAINFUL DISEASE.
First Verdict of the Jury Not Ap
proved, and a Second Verdict
of Death From Natural
Causes Received.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
morning upon the body of Mrs. R. de la
Fontaine of 1321 Natoma street, who died
last Friday morning. The deceased had
been attended by Mrs. Achard, .1 mid
wife, who had administered some simple
remedy to relieve vomiting. The autopsy
showed that cirrhosis of the liver had
: death and that there were no cvi
■ of malpractice or of even any ne
cessity for it.
Mrs. Achard testified that in her ex
• of thirty-eight years as a mid
wife Mrs. de la Fontaine was the only
patient who had died i.i her care, biie
bad suggested that a physician should be
called, but Mrs. de la Fontaine refused
to allow one to be summon- d, as she did
not believe her condition to be serious.
The jury returned a verdict that death
bad been caused by neglect, on the part
of some person unknown, to summon
cal ass, stance, bin the Coroner re
fused to approve of the verdict and the
■ use was reopened and additional evi
dence Introduced.
Autopsy Surgeon Zabala assured the
jury that death was due to disease and
even if a physician had been called in a
few days before her death It waa
doubtful whether he could have bucc li d
in saving her life.
The jury returned a verdict of death
from natural causes, and the verdict was
approved.
MURDERER HUNT IN COURT
He Is Instructed as to His Rights by
Judge Mogan and Makes a
Rambling Statement.
Robert L. Hunt, the slayt r of George
Elliott, appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday and was" Instructed as to his
rights. He told the Judge that he would
be his own advocate anil admitted kill
ing Elliott. Th<- defendant began a long:
rambling statement as to his reasons for
committing murder, but was Interrupted
by the Judge and ordered into the duck.
The case was continued nil September IS
pending the result of the Coroner's in
quest.
An additional charge of assault with
int'-nt to commit murder was booked
against Hunt for shooting K. R. Knip*
penberg, the barkeeper in the saloon at
Bteuart and Howard streets, where the
murder was committed. There is not the
slightest doubt that Hunt is crazy. The
inquest will be held this morning.
"MAMMY" WAS "ADVISED."
\\ hen the case of "Mammy Pleasant
against Lucius L. Solomons was called
y. sterday "Mammy" again expressed her
opinion that tin case was nothing but a
"flshin 1 spodition," and when called upon !
to take the stand said, that she had been
advised not to' lie sworn, and in conse
quence she would obey instructions. She
was in court without a lawyer and in
order that she might secure the services
of counsel and thereby lie better advised
Judge Hunt continued the case until the
afternoon. Again a continuance was
taken until this morning. As Judge Hunt
quietly advised the old colored woman
that she had better be sworn there may
be some trouble in store for "Mammy" if
she refuses when the case is again called
■ ♦ •
Nickel-in-the-Slot Machines.
The police yesterday started ' another
mid upon nlckel-in-the-slot machines that
are used for paying money over at the
bar by cashing the chocks. Eight ma
chines were seized by Lieutenant Martin
and posse and taken to the City Prison,
and warrants were obtained for the ar
rest of the saloon-keepers where they were
used. Tney were Gobey's, 228 Sutter
street; Reception, 206 Sutter; K. Fisch
beck. Powell and Ellis streets; Pete Dor
sey, 14 Mason street; a. Foster, 423 Bush
street; The Oberon. 40 O'Farrell street-
A. Bergstrom, 129 O'Parrel] street and
the Acme Grotto, 25 Eddy street.
ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 834 Post st •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 12, 1899.
KELLY IS STILL
AWAITING TRIAL
IN MEXICO
Chief Lees Informed
of His Crime.
CAPTURED AFTER A CHASE
♦
A MYSTEBIOTJS WOMAN BEING
SOUGHT FOB.
♦
It Is Claimed That She Assisted in
the Now Famous Robbery of
the Box of Sovereigns
From the Alameda.
Chief Lees yesterday received a letter
from the Chief of Police of the City of
Mexico corroborating: the story that Kelly,
alias Kilty, alias Watson, who Is wanted
for complicity In the robbery of the specie
room of the Alameda, was under arrest
there for snatching (10,000 from a depositor
in the National Bank. The letter stated
that Kelly's victim had placed the amount
on the counter preparatory to depositing
it, when the Australian crook, after dis
tracting his attention, grabbed the bunch
of greenbacks and ran from the bank. He
was pursued for three Mocks and finally!
caught in an unoccupied house, where he
had taken rtfuge. The stolen bills were
found on him. His trial will come up next
month. The writer of the letter informed
Chief Lees that Kelly was doomed to
serve at least Biz years for the crime.
It is known that Detectives Gibbon and
Ellis are anxious to find a woman who
was a passenger on the Alameda when the
strongbox was robbed. Her identity is
wrapped in the deepest mystery, but it is
known that the police are making every
effort to tind her. It was first thought
that the mysterious woman was the wife
Of Kellv, but later developments show
tbat the latt. r was not aboard the Ala
meda when the st> amer was robbed. Two
other men, who are said to be Australian
crooks and whose true names are not
known, are also being sought for by the
police. It is claimed that they assisted in
getting away with the "swag."
They accompanied Murphy to Australia
and are supposed to be in the Antipodes
at tiie present time. Chief I.ees admits
that he has placed himself in communica
tion with the Australian authorities with
a view of apprehending the much-wanted
crooks, and expects to have them in his
clutches within a short time.
CANDIDATES WANTED.
Good Material for Democratic Super
visors and Republican Mayor
in Demand.
The committee of seven appointed by
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the Demo
cratic nominating convention, to select
candidates for Supervisors, held a secret
conference last evening and exchanged
views regarding the fitness of certain as
pirants. The usual throng of waiting
statesmen assembled at the rooms of the
County Committee in the Columbian
building, but failed to obtain any infor
mation as to the committee's Intentions.
it. V. Whiting, chairman of the com
mittee, remarked that suggestions were
still in order. Gavin McNab, who is
]• ally the "power behind the throne" of
the city and county Democracy, walked
up Market street as far as the Columbian
building-, but did not go upstairs to the
committee room to refresh and enoourase
the little throng- of office-seekers. Mr.
M' Nab still Insists that he is not giving
much attention to political affairs.
Quiet reigns at the headquarters of the
Citizens' Republican League in the Grand
HoteL Henry T. Scott and Zenas U.
I >»dge exchange views occasionally and
Sheldon G. Kc-llopg, chairman of the Re
publican nominating convention, is ready
to listen to suggestions. The delegates
are looking about for the right man to
run against "Suffering Jim" for Mayor.
The Grand President.
Last evening :i!l the local lodges of the
Independent Order of B'ne B'rith met In
the main hall of the B. B. building, where
they were paid an official visit by Grand
President P. Btcnel <>f Portland, Or., and
D. Solis Cohen, grand orator. The grand
president delivered an address In which
h( -4;ive the membership a good deal of
valuable information in relation to the or
der in the Jurisdiction. This was followed
by a very eloquent address by the grand
orator.
At the close of the meeting- the visiting
officials and a number of the members
went to » cafe, where they enjoy. -d a
Bupper. There were a number of im
promptu toasts and responses.
A TALENTED SINGER
RETURNS FROM ABROAD
MISS CLARA KALISHER.
MISS CLARA KALJSHER, a talented singer, who has been studying
abroad, returned to this city a few days ago. The young lady is well
known in local musical circles, where her voice has charmed all who
have heard her sing. Miss Kalisher is. the possessor of a contralto
voice of great depth and purity. She has been in Paris and London
during the past four years, cultivating it under M. Jules Granier, G. W. Hen
schel and Henry J. Wood, a well-known orchestra loader.
Miss Kalisher won great applause from one of the most critical and se
lect audiences in London when she sang at the concert given in honor of the
Queen's birthday last May in St. James Hall, Regent street.
She has received many excellent offers both for operatic and concert work
in Europe and New York. She is to appear in the American metropolis this
season with Paur's Symphony Orchestra.
The following flattering notice was given the young lndy by Le Matin, a
leading daily of Paris: "Mile. Kalisher, the young American singer, whose
beautiful voice and incomparable diction have been so much admired this
winter at the most select musicales, has just left here for the London sea
son."
LARKSPUR CITIZENS
DENOUNCE A SLANDER
Another Examiner Fake Made
From Whole Cloth.
Reputable Young Men Reviled and Estima
ble Women Slandered to Gratify a
Petty Personal Spite,
to
- attract the attention of the people
I of Larkspur to its existence. Last
A Sunday it succeeded. Almost an en
-*- tire page of its meretriciously
colored supplement was given
over to an account of a so-called
"bacchanalian revel" in the redwoods of
■Baltimore Canyon, in which according to
the writer,
Five hundred men and women
enjoyed themselves, with little or no
restraint, many of them behaving
like the creatures of the Nymphia,
drank like Bacchanalian Satyrs,
danced the can-can and the couchee
couchee, dispensed with bathing
suits at the bath, caroused all night
| and made the peaceful redwoods re
sound with their unseemly jests and
songs.
Until the attention of the dwellers at
Larkspur was called to the article they
were not aware that such a state of af
fairs has existed for three months In
their midst. They did not know that
satyrs had become so up-to-date a 6to
dance' the couchee-couchee and the un
canny can-can right under their noses
without being noticed. They did not
Imagine that Amaryllis, multiplied an
hundred fold, had recklessly displayed
lingerie unfit for publication even in the
unspeakable Examiner.
They were horrified at the state of af
fairs "set forth in the head lines: they
were shocked at the Police Gazette
pictures that accompanied the article;
they were absolutely dumfounded when
they read the conglomeration of mixed
metaphor, sophomoric striving, bad taste
and worse English that followed. It took
them fully twenty-four hours to recover.
When they did they exclaimed with one
voice:
"It's another page of Examiner lies!"
That was self evident, but the people of
Larkspur were at a loss to understand
why that paper should single out their
llttlo paradise, for pollution from its
ulimy presence. A little inquiry satisfied
them on that point. Robert D. Duke,
who has made Larkspur his home for
seven summers, and who, Immediately on
the publication of the story, sent a letter
to The Call refuting the slander, let
them into the secret of the attack.
"That story was written," he said, "by
F. Bailey Millard, the Sunday editor of
the Examiner, to vent a personal spite
he has against the members of Occidental
camp. There is not a word of truth in
it from beginning to end. It's all lies and
fake and even if ihe Examiner can af
ford to be used in that manner, to
slander good men and defame the char
acters of the women of Larkspur, I do
not propose to let tho matter rest.
"The reason Millard wrote, or had writ
ten, and inserted that article in the Ex
aminer is as plain as a pikestaff. He has
a residence and a couple of acres of
ground at the head of Baltimore Canyon.
About 200 yards from him was Occidental
camp, the ground for which was leased
to the young men by Foster Azevedo. Mil
lard's premises are supplied with water
from a spring on the Forbes-Coleman
tract, controlled under lease by Azevedo,
who charges Millard $4 a year for the sup
ply. Under their lease from Azevedo the
Occidental campers were also supplied
with water from the spring.
"Some time ago Millard, who seems to
dislike til.- Occidental campers, wrote
them a letter saying if they did not pay
him $4 for the use of the water he would
send around a plumber to shut off the
supply. He accused them of felony in
I using It and threatened them with term 3
|in San Quentin. All this, mind you, when
I he had not the slightest shadow of owner
j ship In the spring, for the use of the water
I of which the campers were paying Az>i
| vedo, the lessee. The members of the
i camp laid the matter before Azevedo,
who, having been vexed previously by the
eccentricities of Millard, resolved to shut
him off from the spring and gave him no
tice that he would do so on September 1.
"Now, for the animus of last Sunday's
article in the Examiner. Millard, who dts
i played such eagerness to get $4 from Oc
cidental camp for water he did not own
found that, as soon as Azevedo cut off his
supply from the spring, he would have to
go to an expense of several hundred dol
lars to connect with the Larkspur sys
tem. He laid it all to the Occidental b.pys
and, if you will notice, he lays it on thick
when he refers to them.
"As a reporter for the Examiner he
calls thf-m 'vandals,' 'hoodlums,' 'dissi
pated wretches.'
"Under the guise of 'a cottager' he re
fers to their camp as a place where 'it
seemed as if hades had broken loose.'
"As 'a resident of Baltimore Canyon,
who lives on the hillside just above the
camp grounds.' he calls them 'young
Cools' and 'hoodlums rampant.'
"As the whole trinity of complainers, the
cottager, reporter, resident rolled into
one, he says they yawped and bawled and
yelled and held awful orgies. In every
line he lies. In every line ne is trying to
g*-t even for the expense his own busy
body methods have put him to. To show
you part of the falsehood in the story
1 will give you the names of the members
of Occidental camp. Will he dare come
out in print and accuse any one or all of
these young men of being hoodlums ram
pant, or of being participants in such
orgies as he describes? Hardly. Here
are the names." Mr. Duke handed over
a paper containing the following:
Will Moore, business manager of the
Monitor.
George Hammersmith, with Thomas
Mapee & Sons.
Arthur Baring, with C. Craig & Co.
Ernest Furst, with W. W. Montague
& Co.
William Wilson, in the United States
engineers' office.
James H. Wheeler, with Brown Bros.
Dr. William C. liopper, former assist
ant police surgeon and captain of Com
pany A, League of the Cross Cadets.
Louis Haven, with Lilienthal & Co.
Harry Hopper, with the Deere Imple
mf-nt Company.
William Judge, with Bauer Bros.
Chris Bernhard, with Sherwood & Sher
wood.
Edward Moore, with the City of Paris.
Philip J. Eisenman, with Dunham, Car
rigan & Hayden.
Herbert Ely, secretary of the Yukon
Mining and Trading Company.
Harry Wood Brown, teacher of vocal
culture.
Charles Hopkins, with Payot, Upham
&. Co.
"If these young men are hoodlums,"
continued Mr. Duke, "I'd like to know
whert you get your gentlemen? Maybe
Millard can explain. If they are hoodlums
the people of Larkspur will be glad to
have thefn next summer, as they had
them last, to visit Occidental camp and to
entertain the boys at their homes. Do
you think that any one reading that list
of names would believe fur a moment the
story written by the spiteful Millard?"
Several members of the Occidental Club
also voiced their disgust yesterday at the
urticle.
"It's worse than the Police Gazette,"
said James H. Wheeler.
"He couldn't even let our piano alone
without maligning it," said Will Wilson.
"Called it 'that old discordant music ma
chine.' It was brand new, at that."
" 'Bacchanalian orgies,' sounds strange,"
said Will Moore of the Monitor, "espe
cially when one knows, as 1 know, that
the must stringent rule of Occidental
camp was the one forbidding the use of
liquor. None ot the party are drinking
men and at no time was there a disposi
tion to violate the rule. As Mr. Duke says,
Mr. Millard, or whoever was the writer of
that article, is using the Examiner to vent
a personal spite. In doing so he has re
viled the characters of gentlemen and de
famed estimable women.
"Mr. Millard has taken occasion before
to interfere with Occidental camp. We
rented the ground, water included, from
Mr. Azevedo for the season. We made our
connections with the pipe and a week or
two later received a lengthy letter from
Mr. Millard in which he stated that in
using the water we were committing a
felony and were, therefore, liable to be
sent to San Quentin. He also said we
were not gentlemen in not having con
sulted him.
"As we did not recognize Millard in the
premises we ignored his letter. About
three nights later he visited our camp
and we told him then that we did nut
want to have anything to do with him;
that we didn't rent tne grounds from
him, and that if he had a grievance he
could go and have it out with Azevedo.
1 do not Know whether or not he went to
Azevedo, but when 1 saw Azevedo 1 told
him of Millard's visit. He was very much
put out about it. lie immediately doubled
the price of the watej; to .Millard and gave
him notice that it would be disconnected
after the Ist of September.
••Millard. who \\:is only paying $4 a year
for his water, stnt us a lull for $4 for the
season for use of water in our camp and
told us that unless the bill was paid he
would send his plumber to disconnect the
water.
"As far as the story in the Examiner of
the 'Bacchanalian revels' is concerned,
••ill I can say is that 1 knew nothing about
any such proceedings and never heard of
them until my attention was called to tho
story. 1 certainly would have known had
they taken place, and so would a number
of others at Larkspur. So far I have
been unable to locale any one who saw
them. 1 know, however, that the young
men of Occidental camp are gentlemen;
that they were gladly received in all the
homes of Larkspur, and that on one oc
casion during the summer they gave a
minstrel performance for a church and
raised $325. That does not look like the
action of Bacchanalian revelers."
Mr. Moore referred the reporter for The
Call to the residents of Larkspur for a
refutation of the Examiner slander on
Occidental camp and for certificates of
the general character of the members of
that camp.
"As far as T know." said James Cos
tello of O'Connor, Moffatt & Co., a prom
inent resident of Larkspur, "the young
men of Occidental camp are gentlemen
They have that general reputation, at any
rate. As, far as the story in the Exam
iner, of which they complain, all 1 can
say is that 1 never heard of any such go
ings on. My observation of the young
men was that they wre neither noisy nor
hoodlumish and always conducted them
selves properly."
"It's a rank fake— a pack of fakes "
said Anton Shula, whose handsome resi
dent is as close to Occidental Camp as
that of Millard. "The Idea of the whole
yarn is preposterous. No better hehaved
young men ever camped at Larkspur "
The opinions of a number of others were
to the same effect. All accused Millard of
a palpable attempt to use his paper to
vent a personal spite. Not one was found
who had ever seen the alleged petition
which, according to the same story, was
being circulated for signatures to be
presented to the owners of tho land ask
ing them to refuse campers permission to
occupy grounds in Baltimore Canyon. The
suspicion is that Millard, or some one
under his direction, manufactured the pe
tition out of the same piece of cloth from
which the whole story was cut. They are
confident that, if ever presented, it will be
signed by
"A COTTAGER,"
"A RESIDENT ON THE HILLSIDE"
"AN EXAMINER REPORTER."
In support of the suspicion that Millard
was moved to publish the story by the
unsuccessful issue of his first deal in
water, is the fact that its publication
coincides with the conclusion of his water
lease from Azevedo. According to his
own story, the revel had been in progress
for the preceding three months. Amaryl
Hales.
t^ ohs, » ahs,
7 7
the murmurs of appreciation and admira-
tion, the compliments of competent critics,
and the greater compliment of satisfied purchasers,
repaid us for the effort put forward to make our
millinery opening the success it was. a veritable
bower of
beauty
where garnishments of taste delight the eye;
where all are welcome to admire, all this week.
separate skirts new dress goods
86 ladies' separate skirts in new BLACK CREPONS— the genius of
plaids and latest shapes; value $5; | French designers has produced a
.... . . at *«o revelation in black blisters and
, on sale this week -at :So.OJ bubbles: the swell fabric of to-day
is a mohair or silk crepon; they
20 dozen ladies' percale wrappers, in come 42 in. wide at
dark colorings; value $2.50; on sale suit $* s and 21
this week at 51. 48 BLACK DIAGONALS— extra heavy
this week at jpx.<*» goQ^ especlaUy adapted for swell
i tailored gowns; they meet the most
15 electric seal collarettes, ten Inches exacting taste; full 50 in. wide;
deep; value $7.50; on sale this week yard $1.50
at $5.00 BLACK CHEVIOTS— faII and win-
ter costumes will be largely made
of these soft-surfaced, r.on-shrink-
able fabrics; they come in two
men S Wear widths; full 50 in. wide.yard #l.?>O
full 56 in. wide yard $2.00
new fall styles In men's laundered DIA GONALS-the fall shadings are
colored shirts, made of German per- large in number and take in all
cales, fast colors, in new stripes the soft pastel effects and stand-
and checks .......each $1 SLnt?a*£. '^.^Si
men's unlaundered white shirts,
sizes 14, 14% and 15 collar only; in popu i ar colors for fall; full 50
good quality muslin and made in! in. wide yard $1.50
most approved style 25c BROADCLOTH— the art of dyeing
; has reached a high point in the
men's and boys' nightshirts of good colors for fall wear; the new
quality heavy muslin, fancily em- shades^ «^"ggsg£ Tnd
broidered; also plain white twill modes ma this finely finished
nightgown, full size in every way; fabric a very desirable material;
sizes 12% to 18% 50c 50 in. wide yard $1.50
a H ff, e JBu^as^Goon CmOOO^^^ everyone
" eek - 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
lls had come from joyful Arcady, where i
shepherds pipe and maidens dance, to
Join bleary-eyed Satyrs from the myth
ological dictionary of the Examiner
library In disgraceful gambols under the
redwoods.
And yet he did not print a line In pro
test until his water pipe ran dry.
Men and women, he says, 500 of thorn,
"behaving like creatures of the Nymphla, ;
danced the can-can and the couchee- ;
couchee In utter disregard nf pryiriß
eyes." and yet ho held his peace till his
pipe ran dry.
"They dispensed with bathing suits at i
the bath," he exclaimed. j
For three whole months, mind you, and
he never saw his way to print till his j
pipe ran dry.
"Neroltes of Baltimore canyon, he
calls them, "Bacchus and Venus In
camp."
But not— not till his pipe ran dry.
He not only did that, but to support ,
their godlike attributes, he mixed a
metaphor to sustain his tale. He says
they desecrated the sacred shores of
Marin with "the altogether bathing
Biesta." Men and women may walk in
their sleep; swim, never. Only a god or ;
a goddess, Examlnerized. could do that.
And they did it. he exclaimed, but he
didn't exclaim until his pipe ran dry.
Yet Larkspur is charitable enough to
Bay that probably, since his unsuccessful
dip in that spring, the man who wrote
the Examiner water pipe dream has wa
ter on the brain.
THOMPSON BRIDGE CO.
SECURES THE CONTRACT
TWO FERRY SLIPS AND WHARF
FOR THE VALL£Y ROAD
Resume of the Work in Progress and
That Which Remains to Be
Accomplished on the New
Line.
Yesterday the directors of the Valley
Rood placed the contracts for the ferry
structures at Point Richmond with the
Thompson Bridge Company.
These contracts call for the construc
tion, ■within a reasonable time, of two
ferry slips and a wharf which will ex
tend from Point Richmond 800 feet into
the waters of the bay. One of the slips
will be used for the passenger boat which
will run from its Point Richmond termi
nal to the Union ferry slip at the foot of
Market street in this city. The second
slip will be utilized for freight. There
the cars will be loaded on floats which
will carry them to the company's depot
at the foot of Bryant street.
From Antioeh, hatf way between Stock
ton and Point Richmond, the road is now
being pushed toward the Alhambra Val
ley, at the upper end of which will be
erected the much talked of 1700 foot, steel
viaduct. Between these points are situ
ated the five tunnels which have all been
put through and on which the workmen
are now busy with the timbering.
The rails have been laid two miles west
of Stockton to the San Joaquin River,
over which the bridge has already been
erected, and is so near completion that
another week will see the track laid
across it. When this is done the work
will, be rushed over the twelve miles tnat
intervene between the stream and the
Middle River. Though the bridge across
this waterway is well along, it will prob
ably be over a month before it is finished.
Trade Unions Jubilant.
Trade unions all over the city are
jubilant over the prosperous condition of
the labor market, together with the fact
that wages have been kept at the
standard rates. Carpenters, painters,
bricklayers and stonesetters are finding
all they can do in and about the city.
The union rates and the eight-hour rules
are being obeyed, and as a consequence
there are no murmurings at the union
meetings. The last of the unions that had
a difficulty In getting employers to recog
nize the established rate of wages was
the painters, but now they have but very
few complaints against uoss employers.
An active employment market adds num
bers to the roll of Initiated members at
every night's meeting. As an example of
this increase in new members, Painters'
Union No. 73 initiated twenty-three mem
bers at its meeting last night and re
ferred eighteen applications to Investigat
ing committees. A corresponding increase
can be noted with the Carpenters' Union
and, in fact, with all other unions.
The principal trouble of the organized
unions at present is that of getting the
T'nlted States Government to smooth the
way on work on the transport vessels
which are being fitted out and undergoing
constant repairs at the Union Iron
Works. Between the contractors and the
Government agents the workmen are un
decided as to who is responsible for vio
lating the eight-hour law as passed by
Congress, and they are still trying to
solve the puzzle.
JAP STATUE'S last days at Art Saloon.
Going East, then to Paris. •
. — . ■ ♦ ■
Jewels to Commanders.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Camp,
"Woodmen of the World, held last night
there was presented to each of the fol
lowing named past consul commanders of
the camp a magnificent gold emblematic
badge of his rank In the order: J. L.
Geary Jr., Richard Fahey.George H.Will
son. M. T. Moses, J. W. Staneart and A.
J. Weinert,
Hales.
YOU CAM BE a |
WELL DRESSED Jftm \
Without paying a fancy j.A 1' j| *
price for your suits if \ t^f ""Inf I
you know where to go. VW^ V(a •
For style, fit, quality Vy-k^ II 1
and workmanship you is^Tl |il 1
cannot do better than ?sj»|| $$ [
to go to
faesMiM lilf! 1
/ Tho. Tailor $
201-203 Montgomery Business '
St. San Francisco. DUSIne SS ;
1110-1112 Market Suits, :
St., San Francisco. $15 50 !
1011 "Washington St., »#.ww. j
Oakland. Pnnri "
143 South Spring St.. K ° ",£?•--> ■
; ; Los Angeles. $4.50- :
¥ISIfY IS HEALTHFUL! I
> flf A Natural Mineral Water o
with medicinal qualities, O
j H& Or Indigestion and °
) Stomach Disorders, o
liWgk 50^ Iea VICHY I
► PJ*™B iN SIPHONS *
I -sSsi^war in ijAy VJCHY-i
*• pf&jgpM- Get the Genuine
||J3h7X7b Hn^B o
I A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent o
tO*O^O*O*0^0<»O«>O^0A0*0>«>O*0<»
Always
Good Tea
Big Presents
At
(Jreat American Im^ortinc Tea Go's
Big Value Stores.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
A.:', 100 stores.
Dr. R. L. Walsh,
fVS&ZJz* t\b\ GEARY ST.. bet.
jnoßi*j; nill «l*>iri'^^' 1 Hyde and Larkla.
ig& '"^g^^^jj^r^ PaiUiesa in.xtraclloa..
[f»- . J^rTi Crowns" I""MI"".^3.OU
HJj' f . T<• T. >Ji>' Fleßh-colored Plates..
XJ= ir.^ys^z*^ .............. . . . . $?S .O()
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Hat* received TEN first prizes (or
its branck of dentistry. No student*. li
years' exp«rl«BO«. -
[i -patents! J
\Sa^33U MARKET ST. S.F. \jjy
mi rr nnill I Corner Fourth and
ALL UI I V A I Market - S. F. Try
11 rh Kill li I our Special Brew
■HI 1 IHI steam and Lager.
Will U lIWIIIU 5c Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation. ■'.'.')•",-■
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons
■who have used them for forty years to curs
CX HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pica*
plea md purity the blood,