VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 181.
TRUE STORY OF THE GRAS PAN
FIGHT HAS NOT YET BEEN TOLD
In Addition to the Terrible
Losses Inflicted on the Naval
Contingent There Is a Fear
That the Ninth Lancers
Were Captured by the Boers.
LONDON. Nov. 28.— The general movement
on Colenso is the first stage of the ad
vance for the relief of Ladysmith. The
latest dispatches state that the advanc
ing force number 10,000 men. How
10,000 men reached Estcourt there is no
information at hand. Only two days ago
Hildyard's force was not thought to ex
ed 4000 men, while Clery's division
was supposed to be scattered along the
line from Durban to Estcourt, waiting
for artillery and cavalry before concen
ig. Evidently the censor has been
alert and all the news of the gathering
Clery's nine thousand men has been
cut out of the press dispatches.
L. a. m.
— A fresh interruption in the j
East African cable sen-ice at this j
interesting moment has caused a
cessation of war news. As yet the :
War Office has not received Lord
Methuen's list of casualties, nor is
any information at hand regard
ing the whereabouts of the Ninth
Lancers, who went in pursuit of
the Boers from Gras Pan.
The Daily Mail says that a pri
vate telegram announces that the
Lancers are still scouting ahead
jjf^lethuen's advancing column,
bu: as he announced yesterday
that he was giving his men a day s
rest this is hardly possible.
Indeed, the greatest anxiety is
felt, and more especially in view
of the fact that a Berlin journal,
the Deutschwarte, which regu
larly prints Boer communica
tions, announced yesterday, be
lore it could have been ascer
tamed from British sources, that
... . , ......•-..
the naval brigade lost 100 men
at Gras Pan and that the Ninth
Lancers were captured.
It is understood that thcGov
emment has decided to proceed
immediately with the mobiliza
tion and embarkation ot a divis
mn of 10.000 men. under a well
known lieutenant general.
! •
General Hildvard's achieve
_ ■ .. .
ment at Beacon Hill is beginning
to be realized as one 01 the best
things the campaign has vet
fhown. as it has relieved the ten
- , .- ...» ,
sion ot the situation in Natal and
has brought the relief of Lady
smith within measurable distance.
General Buller appears to be
confident ot Lord Methurn s
ability and is devoting all his en
ergy to Ladysmith.
An attempt will be made, pre
suir.ablv. to reach Colenso in time
FERRY OVER THE TUGELA RIVER, NEAR COLENSO.
In view of the advance of the British columns for tIM relief of Ladysmith and the destruction by the Boers of the railroad and wagon-road bridges- at CW
tcfiar th!s ferry route becomes of much strategic importance and will of course be stoutly guarded by the Boers.
The San Francisco Call
to cut oft the retreat oi the Boers
from Weenan over the Tuc:ela
River. It is feared, however, that
the enemy will get there first and
destroy the bridge. At Freer
Bridge the British found two
massive spans utterly wrecked by
dynamite, one piece weighing
224 pounds having been hurled
200 yards.
Sir Alfred Millner has warned
the various relief committees in
Cape Town to be prepared for
the arrival of 10,000 refugees
from Kimbcrjey^as^QQii^as^Lhe
siege has been raised.
According to a dispatch from
De Aar. dated Sunday, the Boers
had destroyed the bridge at
Steinsburg the previous day and
were being reinforced at that
point.
NEXT BATTLE WILL
BE AT SPYTFONTEIN
Fr*"-'.ai CUble to Th#> Call aM th» N>tr York
Hemtil. Ctopyrtght. l^W. by Jan** Gordon
IWr.n^tt.
LONE>ON. Nov. 2S.— ln all the thre* for
ward movements of British forces aa ex
tremely interesting situation Is develop
ng. General Gatacre and General French,
the north border of Cap*? Colony, have
begun moving alone the De Aar-Nauw
>oort line for an advar.ee from CoWborg.
Lord Methuen continues his prepress
toward Kimberley. Because he has to
r iKht at each railway station from Orange
River pome credence was given to an
*onc>- telepram in th«» later afternoon
papers that he had had a third engage
ment with the enemy at Honey Nwt
Kloof, nine mik s from Gras Pan. and that
ho had captur«-d 2.0T0.000 rounds of Boer
ammunition, but up to 2 o'clock this
mornin? there Is no confirmation of this
third encounter.
The next battle to be expected !s at
Spytfonteln. where there Is a pood posi
tion. Stages of his advance will probably
fcx* Gras Pan to Honey Nest Kloof, nine
miles: Honey N*>st Kloof tO Modder
River, nfteen miles: Modder River to
?pytfontein. fourteen miles; Spytfonteln
to Kimberley. eleven miles. The British
advance must necessarily proceed along
he railway line, which run<Tstraipht a:mo>:
between Honey Nest Kloof and Modder
River. The rlvrr will be no obstacle, as It
1? small and easily fordable. At Spytfon
tc-ln there are a few scattered bills. This
is the only point where the Boers will bo
able to avail themselves of cover. The
British movements are undoubtedly dlfl
cult and dangerous. The greatest peril
arises from the possibility of the Boers
SAN FRANCISCO, TI'KSDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1890.
NAVAL CONTINGENT OFF TO THE FRONT.
Th<* brigade fr^m I • '. Ifonurfa beinjj Inspected by Admiral Harris as they ar* about to 4
: i flying column in the advance to the relief of Klmberiey. 4
tra Is reproduc* I . Graphic.
moving men across the Frfe State from
Natal to Jacobsdahl and Moddor River.
Such a movement would occupy about
ten days for any considerable force, and
about seven or eight days for a forre. of
less than 10,000 men. If it is carried out
Methuen's columns may prove unequal to
Its task.
It seem* doubtful whether the enemy
will make any stand south of Ladysmtth.
but latest, dispatches would Indicate thftt
the British forces are moving north on
converging lines that will cross n«*ar Co
lenso. If the He*ers make a stand south
of Colenso they will have behind them
Tugela River in flood and only fordable
in places. This m*-ans complete annihila
tion if they are defeated. If they m:ike a
htar.d behind thf> Tugela they are not out
of reach of General White, who nvght,
with his cavalry, strike their only j>ossi
b!e line of retreat in the direction of Oli
vers Hock and Drakensberg passes. It is
thought that they are most likely to fall
tackand pustrmcirovfr Toward Kimber
ley.
TO FIGHT UNDER
THE BOER FLAG
NEW YORK. Nov. T,.— The Evening
Post pays: Enlistments for the Bet
army, it was learned to-day, are making
some progress in this city, though more
men are volunteering in Philadelphia and
other places. The recruits an found
chiefly among the Irish-Americans, al
though Germans and men of oth«*r nation
alities are volunteering to fight under the
Boer flag. Some dozens of young Irish
men have already left this city for the
Transvaal, but the largest recruiting is
done in Chicago and other Western cities,
San Francisco sending her quota.
In the Hand at the b-.-Kinning of the war
there were some thousands of Irishman.
who had not b«en particularly esteemed
by the British Government b*fore they
left Ireland, and these have now with Jew
cxc« ptior.3 taken the field. These m^n
have always stood high in the friendship
of Kruger. ar.d it is said he can have as
many men from this country as he wants.
BULLER'S REPORT ON
BEACON HILL BATTLE
LONDON. Nov. 27.— The War Offlc<> has
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Duller, dated Pietormaritzburg. Sun
day. November 26:
"Hlldyard. from Estcourt. made a suc
cessful attack November 23 with three
battalions, one field battery, a naval pun
and "(*) mounted troops, on the enemy oc
cupying Beacon Hill, which dominates
William Grange and had Interrupted his
communication. As a result of the oper
ations the enemy Is retirinc and the rail
way and telegraph line? have, been re
stored between Estcourt and Weston. Our
loss was about fourteen killed and fifty
wounded.
"Hlldyard has advanced to a position
near Frere. as he hopes to cut off the
enemy, who Is believed to be retiring on
Colenso. via Weenen.
"Barton, from Weston, has advanced to
Estcourt. As soon as commun'catlon Is
restored I will telegraph particulars. So
Th» Adsilru i laipacnca.
far as I can mak<» out the operation Is one I
for which HiMyard and the troops de
serve much credit. The railway is now
op^n to Frere."
DURBAN. Natal. Nov. 26.-The latest
reports of General Hildyard's losses at the
Braeon Hill engagement show that tlfteen
mm were killed and seventy-two wound
ed. The West Yorkshire Regiment suf
fered heavily. ■■■■■ captured
and several men .ire missing.
Dispatches from President Kruger and
General Joubert found on a Boer prisoner
said the Boer losses at Belmont were ten
men killed and forty wounded. It is add
ed that in ord<r to reassure the burghr rs
it had been deemed necessary" to fall back
on Warrenton.
A pigeon message from Colot Hamil
ton and Duff, at Ladysmith, undated, re
ports all well. Another naval contingent
from the British cruiser Terrible, with
two 4.2 inch guns, started for the Tront
to-night.
a —
GENERAL ADVANCE
ON COLENSO ORDERED
ESTCOURT. Nov. X.— The railroad
bridge at Frere. spanning a wide stream,
has been destroyed by the Boers, who are
reported to be retiring rapidly.
A general advance upon Colenso has
been ordered, and a flying column has left
here to intercept the Boer raiding parties.
A reliable messenger from Ladysmith
rays he gathered from the Boers that
they had proposed a combined attack all
over the north country to-day.
General Joubert Is expected to stoutly
dispute the passage of the Tugela River.
♦
HEAVIEST LOSSES AMONG
THE NAVAL CONTINGENT
LONDON. Nov. T..— Th<> commander In
chief at the Cape has sent the Admiralty
an additional list of casualties among the
British naval brigade engaged at the bat
tle of Gras Pan. l. - follows:
Midshipman Huddart of •:<• cruiser
Doris and ten sailors and marines killed
and thirteen petty officers and seamen,
and seventy-six non-commissioned officers
and men of the marines wounded. Total
casualties 105.
The following message has been tele
graphed to the commander in chief at the
Cape:
"The Queen desires you to convey to the
naval brigade who were present at the
action at Gras Pan her Majesty's con
gratulations on their gallant conduct, and
at the same time express the Queen's re
gret at the losses sustained by the brl
Ka.le.- ' .
WILL ONLY CAUSE THE
STRICTEST NEUTRALITY
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.-The British
Embassador. Lord Pauncefote, has in
formed the Secretary of State that in
view of a doubt which appeared to exist
whether her Majesty*! Government recog
nize that the hostilities now in course of
progress in South Africa constitute •
state of war between Great Britain and
the two South African republics, he has
been directs by th*» Marquis of Salis
bury to inform the Secretary of State, as
STABBING OF THIS MAN IS ENSHROUDED IN MYSTEkY.
an act of courtesy, that the South Afri
can republic and the Orange Free State,
having declared war against her Majesty,
the Queen, and having Invaded the British
colonies of the Capo, a state of war has
naturally existed since the 11th of Octo
ber between the British Government a.id
the South African republic and the Orange
Free State.
The note appear! to he couched in simi
lar terms to in- M f the Bnt
lab Qovernment to the guteiament
continental F-urope. It will not ma
affect the United States, exejept to cnabi"
the Govfrnment to fioal vigoromly with
any persons who attempt to rccruli in th»?
r either party to the war,
r British.
Nothing has been heard from Mr. Ma
crum recently respecting the measures of
success attending his efforts to care for
the British Interests In the two Dutch re
publics, which were contlded to htm.
ALLEGED AGREEMENT
FOR A SUSPENSION
NEW YORK, Nov. 27— A Sun special
from Rome says: The Osservatore Ro
mano prints "a private, confidential letter
from a high person In London." asserting
that Emperor William's visit to England
was to further peace in South Africa. It
has resulted, the writer says. In an ex
change of Ideas regarding a preliminary
agreement for a temporary suspension of
hostilities. The Osservatore Romano's
status* as the official organ of the Vatican,
and the prominence It gives to the letter,
alone Justify any notice being taken of the
extremely improbable story. '- -■• -'.;.
BOERS DECLARED TO BE
RETIRING WITH LOOT
LONDON*. Nov. 27.— The Colonial Office
has received the following dispatch from
the Governor of Natal. dated Pietermar
ltzburg. Sunday. November 28:
"The Rots are retiring on Weenen. Our
troops are occupyinK a ridge three miles
northward of the Mool River. It appears
that the Boers have found our position too
strong and are retiring 1 toward Lady
smith with the loot they have collected.
The rtver Is in flood. Buller has arrived.
Telegraphic communication with Estcourt
was restored early this morning."
INTERVENTION NOT LIKELY.
BERLIN. Mot. IT.— Th* Tageblatt has
received a dlopatrh (r<nn Vienna stating
that It is not believed in Vienna that th re
will be any intervention in the Transvaal.
MYSTERIOUS STABBING
OF A MARINE FIREMAN
William McDonald Assaulted and
Thrown Into the Bay.
Frightful Cutting Affray in Broad Daylight
That the Authorities Have Been
Unable to Understand.
WILLIAM McDON'ALD. a marine
engineer, was found yesterday
forenoon, about 11 o'clock,
roaming about the lumber piles
at Sixth and Berry streets with
a frightful cut in his throat that had sev
ered his windpipe, while there were sev
eral knife wounds over his heart and one
In the region of the abdomen. The man
was very much dazed and could not
give an intelligent explanation of his con
dition. The police were unable to un
ravel the mystery that surrounds the
case. McDonald was able to speak a few
words, and from what he said the detec
tives learned that he claimed to have
been attacked by three marine firemen.
who after stabbing him threw him Into
the Channel-street slough. Investigation
failed to corroborate his stories and he
finally admitted that he had not told the
truth, but he refused to divulge the name
of his assailants.
McDonald arrived here from Alaska a
few days a*o on the steam schooner
Aloha. Since he reached the city he has
been drinking: heavily and for several
days has been hanging about the saloons
In the vicinity of Sixth and Berry streets, j
He did not visit his usual haunts yester
day morning, but about 11 o'clock Special
Otticer Ryan of the Fire Alarm and Police
Telegrapn Department was attracted by
a man covered with blood wandering aim
lessly among the lumber piles. The gory
Individual proved to be McDonald. The j
blood was spurting from the fearful gash i
In hi.- throat and nls shirt was saturated j
with the red fluid from the wounds In his I
breast.
The mar was weak from loss of blood
and fainted Just as the special officer
rushed to his assistance. He was hurried ;
to the Receiving Hospital, where It w:is
found that his windpipe had been severed
and that there were two deep cuts over
the heart and one In the left side of the
abdomen. Aft<?r the man rallied he stated 1
that he had been attacked on the steamrr
Noyo by Fireman Charles Smith, who
after stabbing him had thrown him Into I
I the muddy waters of the slough. The de- I
; tectlve worked on this theory, hut found !
| that McDonald had not been on board of ;
the vessel and that Fireman Smith had j
not left the boat during the day. and tie- |
nied all knowledge of the affair.
Later the Injured man admitted that his
first story was not true. He said that he ,
had been attacked while on his way to ;
the N'iyo by a fireman named Pheian |
Callaghan. This latter Individual the p.- I
I lice have boon unable to locate. He is |
not known at the headquarters of the Ma- i
rine Firemen's Union, and his narr. does;
not appear in the city directory. The de- |
I teeth are inclined to believe that he- Is ;
I a myth; but McDonald Insists that he ex- 1
. ists and that he Is the man who assaulted
him.
While under the Influence of the anes
thetics that had been given him McDon
ald told ■ rambling story about a flremin
' named Porter assisting in the alleged at
tempt to murder him. Porter lives at 113
Br.inn.in street, and denies that he knows
McDonald or had anything to do with the
stabbing.
As the Investigation into the man's
) statements progressed the more dense be
came the mystery that surrounds th«« cut
ting, and the authorities admit their In
ability to unravel it until McDonald's
j wounds heal sufficiently to enable him to
! talk and tell all of the details. It ts cvi
, dent that he is concealing something, and
I at! of the circumstances seem to point to
! the, conclusion that he was cut by some
i one whom he Is not Inclined to have pun
i ished. What the motive may be for Oie
desperate attempt to take the man's life
Is one of the things that adds much to the
mystery.
When McDonald was found he was
I drenched, bearing out the statement that
Ihe had been thrown Into the water. But
it was observed that he was not covered
t with the ooze of the Channel-street
i slough, and the mud that covered his
clothes was rot of the kind that abounds
: In the vicinity of Sixth and Berry streets
Yet It was fresh mud. and the detectives
are puzzled to know where It came from.
It ha* been definitely proven that rob
bery was not the motive for the crime, for
when McDonald's clothes were searched
at the Receiving Hospital a considerable
amount of cash wa« found In his pockets.
A sister-in-law of the wounded man re
sides at 122 Second street. She Is the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
only known relative that he has In thl*
part of the country- She Is at a loss to
account for the affair. According to her
statements he had no enemies and did
not become quarrelsome when he was In
liquor. The Idea that his wounds were
self-inflicted Is scouted by his »lster-ln
law. who says that he had no reason for
taking his own life and was not of a de
spondent nature.
i,ate last nignt tne wnumiea man was
taken to the I'nlted States Marine Hos
pital. His condition was such that the at
tending physirians Trould not allow him to
be interviewed. They state that his condi
tion Is serious, but that the chance* for
his recovery are good. He Is breathing
through a silver tub*, which has been In
serted Into the severed ends of his wind
pipe.
The steamer N'oyo left yesterday after
noon for the north. It Is thought that th«i
mysterious Phelan CaMachan may possi
bly be one of the passengers.
.
KAISER GOES SHOOTING
Wales and the Duke of York Accom
pany the German Ruler.
SAKDRIXGHAM, Nov. 27. - Emp*ror
William, the Prince of Wnl* 1 * and tha
Duke of York went *hootlns? In the Wolf
erton woods this morning, and the imp«i<
lal and royal ladles Joined the party at
lunch. The cover* have not been shot thU
season, *o game is plentiful.
THE HAGUE. Nov. IT.-Queen Wllhel
mtna and her mother will start for Flush-
Ins Wednesday to meet the Emperor an.i
Empress of Germany on their arrival
there from Enjjland.
HUNTINGTON REBUKES
THE CRITICS OF DEWEY
Says His Own Contribution to the
House Fund Had No String
Attachment.
NEW YORK. Nov. r.-Collls P. Ilunt
lngtou. who was on* of the large suN
•"■rib* to the Dewey house fund, said to
day:
"I think those who find fault with
Dewey for what he has done with th»
house given to him are at fault them
selves. I gave COOO toward the sum mm
sary to purchase the house, and gave It
without a string attached to the gift sup
posing after he got the deed he could d.i
with the property as he wished. I under
stood he house was given to the admiral
solely for his benefit and comfort.
"Th* fortunes of men turn from day to
day like a- kaleidoscope, every turn an
every day bringing new combinations and
conditions. Dewev at some future tlm.»
might have been forced to sell the hous*
on account of such changes, and I think
all who shared In giving him the horn*
would have been sorry for his loss, but I
think no one. would regret what he gave
How much better It wni for the adm!ml
to deed the house to the wife whom h-»
loves, 50 both could have the home hH
countrymen gave him as a slight recog
nition of his great services In their be
half
NEW YORK. Nov. Admiral Dewey
has accept*] the Invitation to visit Chi
cago on May 1 of next year, this letter
having been received by the committee
this morning:
- Offlc* of the Admiral. t?t7 Rh*xi* tirUnrt *r#
nue. Waahiiutnn. Nov. S. 103. To M«rtin B.
ilJ'i'J'n. Vice Chairman of the Committee. Chl
caro— r>ar Blr: AckntwMirtnic the r«v«!pt «f
your letter nf th# Z2-1 ir.«t . ukim thit tho
date for my rUlt to Chicago b* flxeJ for May I.
WOO, I have th* honor to *tate that that dat*
will b* agreeable to me. Very truly your*.
GEORUE DEWET.
LIPTONS LIBERALITY
LONDON*. Nov. 27.— Sir Thomas Upton.
In view of the fact that his steam yacht
Erin cannot be utilized by the Govern
ment as a hospital ship, has sent XIO.OOO
to the Princess of Wales to b« at her d!s
creflon for the benefit of the soldiers and
sailors. The executive committee of th»
American ladles' hospital ship has re
ceived an anonymous rift of £5000 from
th*> United States, together with a promlso
of as much more If It should be needed.2
CHARLES COGHLAN, THE
ACTOR AND AUTHOR, DEAD
Tex.. Nov. 27.— Charles the distinguished English
I actor and nuthor. died hero to-<lay of gastritis, aged 55 years. He had
i -y *"' f '' r !l1 !n Galretton *ince his theatrical engagement here four weeks
II njro. His wife was at his bedside when the end came and Is prostrated
with Riicf. Tlu- remains will be shipped immediately to Prince Edward
Island. Mr?. Coghlan'a former homo. Mr. Cophlan arrived In this city
en October 30 with the Royal Box Company, but did not appear owing to
UlnrsF. Physicians wre summoned and it was afterward announced that he
was Buffering with acute gn.Mritls. Hi? condition remained unchanged until this
rooming. wh«.n a violent change for the worse took place.
Thft death Certificate of Ccghlan assigns heart failure, superinduced by acute
gastritis as the cause c.f death.
The Cophlan company in "The Royal P.ox" wos booked for two nights In
•Galvoston. October Zo nnd 31. The company came here from Houston on the
early train. l>ul the star remained behind, reaching Galveston about noon of
■O<-t<>l>er SO. He was not well nn<l was urmWe to play that night. In fact he
had been too ill to play for sonna time previous to his coming here. In the
meantime Mr». Cogblan had been telegraphed for and came on from Prlnco
Bdward Island. At ?he conclusion «>f the Galwston engagement Mr. Coghlan de
ok!ed to remain here and the company went on without him, filling engagements
tra.ie for -Tho Royal Box."
When the disease became so orute ns to prevent his playing an under
study. Mr. Robson. look up Mr. Coghlan's r>le and sustained i: to the satisfac
tion of the audiences jnct with. To-U.iy tho company Is supposed to be at
Cedar Rapid*, la. Mr*. Coghlan has telograpl.ed to Manager Ree<l to come on
hero and make arrangcm< nts tor the transfer of the body to Prince Edward
Island, whore she Intends tho Interment shall take place. Efforts have been
made to roach his siner. Row Cophlan. No reply from her has been received
and Mrs. Coghlan does not know where the sister is.
Mrs. Ooghlan saM to-nißht: "Mr. Coghlan has had trouble with his heart
*i:ir<- ;i *.>•■?•. and told me when 1 came on to Join him here thai had he gone
on with the company he probably wouM have died on the stage. Then he was
working so hard on a play for his daughter and had intended producing several
Dew* plays .this season. Four acts of th£ play were completed. In addition to
•writing nnJ acting his? plays he woald draw the designs of all the costumes
:u:»ed and was always ft laborious worker*"
Coghlan was born In France, of English and Irish parentage. in his early
'life he mnr.lf.sud a marked fondness for the stage, and although educated for
the bar. he never followed that profession. Ho became an actor when quite
young asiJ hi* rise was rapid and pronounced, both in Europe and America.
He was the author of t-evtral successful plays, among them being "Vocelyn."
His recent dramatization of "The Royal Box." which he presented with his own
company, was one of the moet artls-tlc and successful ventures. Mr. Coghlan
lias recently employed a great deal of time on a dramatization of "Vanity Fair."
which was to have been produced by his daughter x;ext season, and the task was
nearly computed when his death cut it short.
LABORER SHOT DOWN
IN COLD BLOOD
John de Rcssi, Without a Word of
Warning, Is Attacked and
Fatally Injured.
SAN JOSE. Nuv. 27-John de Rossi, an
Italian laborer, was shot and mortally
WOUBded about 7 o'clock this evening in
a fruit Btore at 194 West Santa Clara
btrcrt. His assailant i* Lulgi Fcrro. also
a laborer. The cause <->f the shooting Is a
mystery, but It is a cold-blooded affair.
De Rossi was standing at the counter In
the siore reading; a»d without a word of
warning IVrro entered and emptied three
clumbers of his revolver at his victim.
The fruit store Is conducted by Guisoppl
V&asalluzza^ ai.d is the headquarters for
a great many Italians.
Hi-fore the shooting Ferro was seen
hauling around In front of the place. As
!;e enti-red lK>t!j mm sazed at each other
and then Fcrro began shooting. Two of
the bullet* went wild und a third entered
De Itussl'a abdomen, to the left of tho
ua\el. De Roj-kI crapled with hit* assail
ant iir.4 hucoeei'.eil In boutlnK Fvrro over
Ihe heaJ with th* revolver, lntllcting »< -
vere *c.ilt> wound?. De KossM had jusi
tucceed'd In wrenching the pistol away
and wh.n about to turn the weapon on his
assailant when bystanders separated the
men. Almust Immediately De Kossi sank
to the floor. Officer Castillo arrested
l"«-rro. and I>e li>ssi wa» removed to the
Beceivtns Hospital.
]>c Ko.-ni denied ho had any previous
ir-iuMe with Kerr-'. t>ut the latter said De
R«>*pl had made insulting proposals to
him. He said nn two occasion? they hail
hal trouble over the matter. De Ros=sia
wuunJ Is thoutht to be fatal.
CIVIL WAR VETERAN
KILLED WHILE HUNTING
Death of General Israel C. Smith
From the Accidental Discharge
of His Own Gun.
■
■
■
.
I
■
■• a 1
1
t
■
NO STOREKEEPERS
Are allowed to cumber our shelves. If we overbuy we make prices that
will move goods. If we buy at half-price our friends profit by our shrewd-
ness rind capi'nl. The merchant thtt kcepe stock on hand too long is not
In the race. See what our figures |
THANKSGIVING
Walnuts —
Fancy. »oft «V.ell. new. from Dobbin's
rar.ch. Eanta Paula. 1 lba 2S
Raisins
FTiJfd. fancj'. new, 3 pk»s. for k , 15
Currants —
■ Nonpareil. larr'rt. cleanest, i>kc 10!
Maple Syrup—
lief t quality. pur»«t. i»cu!ar . $1»; this
. week. K» IICS
Mince Meat —
Our cHebrnt»d Bmriß Made, quart class
Jar«. t lb» _ it
2-quart ;■.•■* C
(r<«iru'.ar TOe and Tse.)
l»lbby>, coij:i>r<"ese(i, new, packxf« 01 !
Raisins —
U f> ; Mu' i:d, 3 crown, limit t Iba,
per Ib -. . 06
Plum Pudding—
lobby's l-lb tins |0 I
C. & !».. 1 Ib Mi
C. At IX. I lb» 40 f
C At I».. tn'llMJuals OS ]
Crown Flakes—
A now |jr*-aUrrtt m\:th. made from wAlte
Com, piirliarri! .... 05
Extra Sodas—
3-lb cartons, fancy, fresh, each IS
Postum Cereal—
Th* Health Km. larc« pkffs.. regular
Be; this «i<* . . U '
Tea—
Our /<■ rrpular Spider I>e«. value for We;
this week ~ «0
Macaroni—
Umil wood boxes. California, * tw ~ 1$ l
Baked Beans —
XJir.lt 3 tins. Efiitfrn. tint roods. I lbs.. (•.
Coffee —
Our fine 4'> c rrade. Mr>cha and Java. roast
or , .re around, this week 20
Cereals —
II Ib* Rolled Oats 23 1
It :»>« rtollrd Wh«at »
14 lbs «iat Menl : :
;0 :i>p Corn Mral "
Scouring Soap—
Knlrtianks lei.no and Fjponlc* 03
Sliced Bacon—
l-lb Jar, excellent .......•.....•;...... 20 ;
Jam—
AjTlcot, pare food, large tins •••••"•• ■ I
GOLD DEMOCRATS TO
STAND BY M'KINLEY
Will Vote the Republican Ticket
Should Bryan Be Named by the
Silver Wing.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— The Press has
tho following from Washington: The
promised legislation for the gold stand
ard is pleasing to the Democrats who
voted for McKinley and against Bryan in
the Presidential campaign. General Pal
mer, the geld Democratic leader, ca'led
on tho President to-day and paid his re
spects. The venerable ex-Senntnr nays
thr.t tl?o nomination of Bryan is inevita
ble, ai.d that with his name at the head
of the Democratic ticket for the Presi
dency the gold Democrats will not vote
for him. "Bryan" means "silver," and
nothing else, no matter what the plat
form may declare, and General Palmer
predicts Bryan's defeat. Nothing that
can come up, he says, can obscure the
real issue of the campaign, with Bryan
as the Democratic candidate. The Presi
dent cannot bo blinded to the real issue,
which is the free coinage of silver at 10
to 1.
Josiah Patterson of Tennessee, who was
ilefeated for Congres by the Free Silver
Democrats, has ouilln«xl v scht-me to the
President for the next campaign. It is
that there shall be no ticket put into the
field by the Gold Democrats, but that an
•x<"cutlve committee shall be apj>ointed to
look after Congressional candidates,
where they can divide the Democratic
vote. In the next Presidential election.
he fays, the flol«l Democrats Intend to
vote the Republican ticket.
Russian Monopoly Extended
■ c. 17 -The Pt Petersburg
v Mali f
the Huscian ra.
F-truction monopoly li Pel
MAILS STORMBOUND.
Excessive Precipitation Raises Eel
River Above Previous Mark.
LYKTONVIL.LJB, Nov. 27 -A violent
?torm of wind and rain, having some of
the characteristics of a hurricane, has
been raging <3urin£ the raft twenty-four
hours. The r-xcepsive precipitation is re
markublc. The observer reportu four
inches In twenty-four hours. Bel River
and its tributaries have reached and
passed the previous high-water mark.
The Eureka moll and overland stages art*
all stormbound north of Dyervttle No
northern overland mall or stages have
paf.ied for thlrtv-Mx hours.
New Saa Jose Daily.
SAN JO6B, Nov 17.— A new mornlnp
I make Its
-morrow morn
• • proprietor. It
•hi '."< ul paper ami
fr^-o with Trio Call
Lher San Prandsco papers.
THANKSGIVING
Sugar—
21 lbs Ppreckels* Dry Granulated $1 09 '•
100 lbs Hongkong Dry Granulated 4 75
Demonstration —
Van Camp's entire line of samples free this
week, first counter.
Upstairs —
On the second and third floors a full line ot
toyr, book*, shoes, dry roods, notions, cloth-
ina-, furniture and furnishings.
TURKEYS FOR THANKSGIVING.
THEY WILL go
— — —
Leggins 25
ThfKe are for men or women. Called Mackin-
tosh II.SO goods elvwhere. See 'them.
Rubber Overshoes Ladies' .... 13
Sltm 2«.. 3. 3H. at this price; small advance
on larger •■■•■ Mines', 10c to He. A rainy
winter. .....
Ladies' Kangaroo Shoes . . . SI. 15
Prfltlvcly for three days, unless sold. They
are J2 value. D you care? Ladles' Sunday
Hioes. -ing $1.00 to II C.
White Wool Blankets . .84.15
Larite F |ti> double blanket, fine wool. Some
ftnreji mark Oh same kind $7.50 as a bargain.
II'! he.
Fancy House Slippers 63
( rrnijroldcred toe. la tout style. icreat value at
H.tt. This trice this we«k only.
L*dW>s f under r»ntn. JI to M. black 10
Ky>cklnjr >Hm ti |T«|J« i>Jow colon 60
1-lne Scotch Olmrham. washable 05
Ulurk and White Kat^n. extra 10
! EnjrlJah Baby Coachen. I! • kind 1; 00
1 yiris tchoul or Sunday Shoes fj 00
''• '• '• '■"■ all silk, odd ehades 03 to 05
SMITHS
CASH STORE
THE BIG STORE AT THE FERRY,
25-27 Market St.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 18^0.
WARSHIPS ARE
COALED AT SEA
Successful Test of a
New Invention.
OF MUCH VALUE TO THE NAVY
TRIAL BOARD AFTER EXPERI-
MENTB IS SATISFIED.
Report to the Naval Department Is
Favorable to the Adoption
of the Miller Con
veyor.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— As a result of
three days' trial of "coaling ship" while
towing at sea, just completed by the Unit
ed States battleship Massachusetts and
the collier Marctllus, It may soon be pos
sible for any warship to receive coal by
the overhead wire system at the average
rate of twenty tons an hour. The vessels
named returned to port to-night and an
chored oft Tompkinsville, S. 1., after hav
ing been away for a week, three days of
which were spent at sea. giving the Miller
conveyor ■ thorough trial under varied
conditions.
At the conclusion of to-day's trial, the
third of the series— when 126 bags of coal,
each weighing 410 pounds, had been trans
ported in •* minutes without an accident,
bb of them being delivered in 44 minutes—
tho trial board announced that the test
was t-nded and that they were satistled
with the result.
The trial board assigned by the Navy
Department to witness and report on tho
experiments from the deck of the collier
Marccllus was composed of Commander
A. B. -M. Llllie. in command of the Mar
callus; Lieutenant Commander W. D.
Rose, and Lieutenant John B. Bernardo.
The battleship and collier left the city
last Tuesday. They made anchor in San
dy Hook Bay on Wednesday night, pro
ceeding to sea at S o'clock the next morn-
Ing. A pair of wooden shears about thirty
feet high had oeen erected on the after
deek ot the Massachusetts. At the top of
these was fastened a largo iron block,
over the sheave of which the wire cable
traveled that was to bring the bags of
coal across to the warship. At the cast
end of the entrance to Gerney's Channel
and about four miles from Sandy Hook
lightship a boat was lowered from the
battleship and a towing hawser quickly
run to the collier. By means of a smaller
line a sea anchor cable was sent over to
the Massachusetts and made fast, its end
having llrst been passed through the top
of the carrier— a Bat Iron block having
three sheaves, one above the other,
through which the conveying cables run.
This lirst cable passed through sheaves ut
the foremast and mainmast heads of the
collier, the wire then loading to the water,
where a cone-shaped canvas bag towing
astern kept the line taut and helped to
support the carrier and its load.
A specially contrived Imrwood engine
having two winding drums is located close
to and übaft the foremnst on the collier.
A steel \-inch cable leads from one down
to the foremast -head, over a sheave,
across to the Hock on the warship's
sh<.;irs, thence back to the collier's mast,
and dewn to the rear drum. This thing
gives a reciprocating motion to the con
voying rope, paying out one part under
tension.
The bags of coal are first hoisted from
the ■:-■:•■ to the masthead upon an
Iron cuge or elevator. The letter C in
verted represents the iron bale with the
hooks at its end. to which the bags are
suspended, on two short rods that project
from the top of the elevator. The carrier li
ntuil with a long pointed hook pivoted at
its bottom. This hook driven under the iron
bale engages it. the elevator drops and the
carrier Harts at a speed of 1200 feet a min
ute for the warship. When it reaches that
end of the route a rubber buffer on the
block strikes n latch, which releases the
hook and the ha*,'.", with their Iron bale,
drop down the canvas chute to the decks
if the warship. w..ere the jackies scam
per away with It on trucks to the bunkers.
Three hundred feet :« the distance main
tained between ships during the operation.
The tost was a success from the start.
Spencer Miller, the Inventor of the con
veyor, was al« ard the Massachusetts.
CAPTAIN DAVIS BRINGS
SUIT FOR PRIZE MONEY
Commanded Warships That Captured
Spanish Vessels During the
Late War.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. - Captain
Charles H. Davis, on behalf of hlmatlf
and crew under his command In P • •
Rican waters on July 27 and 28 of Ur?t
}»-ur, t'>-(!ay brought ault In the District
Court of the District of Columbia to re
the v>rlze BBOnej dv-- t>y n-in-on of
ipturs of varloiif •• • -•;.-. stores and
.M!!>j>!les. The amount claimed 1b 162.7W,
of which ont-.-hnlf goes to the libellant and
:
Captain Davis' petition sets forth that
he was in command of the United States
vessels Dixie. Wasp. Annapolis and Glou
cester, at.d that there were captured by
tho American forces on the dates men
tioned in and about the harbor of Ponce,
Porto Rico, twenty-two merchant ■nips,
?ome of them with cargoes; sixty-seven
lighters, lift tons of Welch coal, rolling
Ftock and other movable property of th
railroad from Ponce to Ya«ico, an well
as trood.s in the custom-house at La Playa
and the barracks of Ponce, and other
property of the King of Spain. All of this
property recovered, the libelant asserts,
was lawful prize, with the exception of
two neutral vessels.
The court IS nsked to Issue an order dl
recting all persons having Interest in the
captured property to show cause, li any,
why Judgment and decree of condemna
tion should not Issue.
♦ ■ ■
AMERICA NOT A PARTY
TO THE GRAB IN CHINA
Minister of . the Celestial Kingdom
Informed as to This Nation's
Intentions.
WASHINGTON. Nov. Secretary
Hay gave assurances to-day to Wu Ting
Fang, the Chinese Minister hero, that
there was no truth In the report that tho
United Stated. through Embassador
Choatp. was participating in any nego
tiations with the German Emperor und
the British Government for the delimita
tion of permanent spheres of Influence In
China. No Instructions have been given
to Emba-»%ador Choat* on this point and
the authorities nre satlslicd that If tiio
German Emperor had suoken to him
about Bticfa a proposition he would have
Informed Secretary Hay by cable.
It may be stated authoritatively that
the United States has no intention of
formally allying itself with any foreign
power in respect to China. All the ud
mln3tratlon desires Is that American trade
rights shall be respected. Great Britain
1 has informed this Government that sho
approves ihe Secretary's request In prin
clpk" and the American representatives to
other European powers have informed the
department that in response to their rep
resentations they were Informed that they
would receive favorable consideration.
With Great Britain. Germany, Japan
1 and the United States determined to pre
serve trade equality, it Is apparent that no
other nations will care to incur their en-
mlty.
TEACHERS AT SAN JOSE.
Opening of the Session of the County
Institute.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 27.-The Teachers' In
stitute opened Its sessions in the Uni
tarian church to-day. All the teachers
in the county were present. County Su
perintendent Chipman presided. Dr. El
mer E. Brown of the university of Cali
fornia delivered an address In the morn
ing on "Course of Study." The rest of the
programme was as follows: "The Uni
versity Association." Rev. G. B. Allen;
"Nature- Study.*' Miss Minnie Mackay;
"History." Miss Mary Sullivan and L.
Bruch;- "Arithmetic." Robert Loofieinore
and Miss Gertrude Abel; "Reading;" Mrs.
S. U. OUnder; "Language," Miss Serena
M. Davis; ••Arithmetic." Mrs. S. E.
Graves; "Reading ' Miss Mna L- O» r :
wood: "Language 1 Miss Ada Weld and
Miss Lola Balls
OF INTEREST THE COASI.
California Representatives May Be
Put on Committees.
WASHINGTON Nov.
tive de Vrtes of Stockton arrived In
Washington to-night. Mr. de Vries Is
making every effort to become a member
the Appropriations Committee, and be
hind him are some of the most influential
leaders of both parties in the House and
Senate. It Is generally believed here that
the Pacific Coast will, and should, be rep
resented on the committee, and Mr. de
Vries will undoubtedly be the choice of
the California delegation.
Representative Kahn called on Speaker
Henderson to-day and It was suggested to
him that the shipping industry of the Pa
cific Coast should have representation on
the Merchant Marine and Fisheries Com
mittee. Mr. Kahn says General Hender
son talked very favorably as to his as
signment to this committee, and he has
great hopes of success. This committee
will have charge of the ship subsidy bill.
It Is generally believed by members of
the Naval Affairs Committee now in
Washington that Representative Metcalf
of Oakland will succeed the late Judge
Hllbom as a member of that committee.
Mr, Metcalf is also being urged for as
signment to the Judiciary Committee.
The following reinstatements have been
made In the customs cilice at San Fran
cisco: Charles E. Kessler. assistant
weigher, 11200 per annum; Arthur H. Clif
ford, inspector, $3 per day: Henry F.
Ruthrauff, Inspector, 13 per day; Thomas
J. McCrcagh, assistant weigher, $1200 per
annum. Peter H. Asmlth has been ap
pointed letter carrier in Alameda Post
office. Postal service will be established
between Kodlak and Afognak, Alaska, on
December II
Army orders— Lieutenants Whltfield
and Greer will proceed to Chicago for
temporary duty, and upon completion
thereof will proceed to San Francisco
and report in person to the commanding
officer of the Department of California
for further orders. Lieutenant Coburn,
Fort D. A Russell, will proceed to San
Francisco and report in person to tho
commanding general Department of Cali
fornia. By direction of the Acting Socre
tary of War Hospital Steward Murray
Aeklln, now at the general hospital, Pre
sidio, San Francisco, will be discharged
from the service of the United State?.
Private Archie C. Lolls, hospital corps,
now in the hands of the civil authorities
serving a sentence of imprisonment, will
be discharged without honor from the
service of the United States by the sur
geon in charge of the army generaL hos
pital, at the Presidio, San Francisco* Re
cruit Ames E. Stansel. Twenty-third In
fantry, now at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, is transferred as second-class pri
vate to the signal corps.
Pensions for Californlans: Original-
Andrew J. Hull. Napa. ?6; John Boyd, San
Diego. 16.
Additional— Thomas Winters. Veterans'
Home. Nana. $6 to $S; Edward J. Phillip*,
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $6 to I*.
Restoration— Edgar I. Eaton, San Jose,
$G.
Increase— William C. Flnlev. Los An
geles. J24 to $30; Chrlsman H. Parker. Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles. $12 to $17; Rob
ert W. McQullkln. Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, M to $8.
Reissue— Ezra Johnson, Lincoln. $10.
Washington: Original— Ferdon,
Fernhlll. $S; Morris E. White, New What
com, 16.
HEALDSBURG WINS.
City Gains the Decision in the Suit
by the Lighting Company.
SANTA KOSA. Nov. 27.— Judge Burnett
handed down an opinion in the Superior
Court to-day giving judgment for the city
of H.-aldsburK In the suit brought against
the city by the old llcntlng company to
have the contract for the construction of
(he new water and lighting system> de
clared void, on the ground that the ppeci
iWtlnns were changed after the work
had be«n open for hi. is.
The decision Is a popular one for
II» aMsburK
SUCCESSFUL JAILBREAK.
Four Desperadoes in Tucson Escape
From the Sheriff.
TUCBON, Ariz . Nov. S7.— This mornlnrr
four prisoners in the Cottnty Jail lirok.i
out after overpowerins Inder Sheriff
Hnll and Juiler Hopely. When the officers
penina the door to let the prisoners
into the rellroom they were attacked by
the four Mexican desperados and knookeil
down They wore the>n dragged into an
empty cell nnd locked In by the prisoners,
who walked out Into the Sheriff's office,
armed themselves anl escaped unnoticed.
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
PINCHING UTAH FARMERS
AN INCREASE OF GRAIN RATES
THAT MEANS RUIN.
When the Southern Pacific Company
can find no excuse to pinch the local mer
chant.-) it la not adverse to going a little
distance atiHd in pursuit 01 its favorite
mode "f "raising the wind."
The i es to suffer from Its grasp-
Ing policy are the farmers of Utah, who
have lately been placed In a position
which foroea them to either find another
market for their crops or go to the wall.
The rate on wheat shipments out of
Utah baa heretofore been M a ton. This
has lately beon raised to 17.60, a figure
high enough to create a prohibitive
tariff and do away with the shipment of
grain. It is now impossible for the farm
era of that Btate to get their crops to
market at ■ profit. The rate will not only
eat up all their profits, but will put them
so fur on the other side of the ledger
that it will take another good season to
allow them to get anywhere near even
should the rates be restored to their old
mark.
As most of the Utah wheat finds a
market on this Coast, In this city, tho
Southern Pacific has a monopoly of tho
proposition unless one of the competing
roads cuts in and diverts the Utah trade
to other points.
This will in all probability be done.
Steps are now being taken by the Texas
road, in conjunction with the Rio Grande,
to make a tariff that will enable the
Utah farmers to market their goods with
some profit in different points In Texas,
and the Oregon Short Line will, most
likely, put before them a proposition that
will give them a chance to reach Oregon
and the Puget Sound points.
—» ♦ ■
BAY CITY CIRCLE VISITED.
The Members Receive and Entertain
the Grand Chief Companion.
Bay City Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America was last night the
recipient of a visit from the grand chief
companion. Mrs. Flora Jacobs, and' a num
ber of the grand officers. The circle room
In the Ali-Hznr building was one mass of
evergreens and flowers, arranged with
*> "<il taste, and the mom was made Mill
more attractive by a display of old Glory
lln conspicuous places. There were pres
■ ent the entire membership and a farce
number of visitors from the local circles
and a delegation of twenty-four from
Loral Circle of Oakland. There was an
■ templlncation of business methods which
was satisfactory, and then the grand offl-
I ctrs were nhown how well the officers are
up In the ritualistic work by the Initia
tion of six young ladles— not only young
but remarkably handsome. The work was
followed liy the election of the following
, (.fDcers f.>r th- oiiMilng term: Miss Bessie
Borren. chief companion; Miss Mary \su
ye.i, tub-chief; B. Marks, recording secre
tary; .Mr- H.'lona \V<>rmn. financial sec
retary; Mrs. R. Roth, treasurer; Miss
Fannie "Wolmer. right guide: Miss Matilda
Oodchaux, left guide; Mrs. M. O. Oron
owsky. inside euard: Dr. E. Bunnell. phy
5-lcian, ami Mrs. Wlttenberger. trustee.
There were addresses by the grand chief
companion, the other grand officers and
a number of visitors. These were followed
by the nerving of refreshments. During
the evening the circle presented a white
• silk sofa pillow, embroidered with violets,
to the grand chief companion, In token
of Its aAilratlon of her.
Fraternal Thanksgiving.
Golden Gate Council of the. National
Union will this evening have a Thanks
giving programme In Elks' Hall. There
will be vocal selections by the quartet,
an address, "Why Wo Should Give
Thanks." by J. E. Field; raffle- for a tur
key ••.( few remarks" by Colonel Victor
D. Duboce. specialties by George Ham
mersmith, tenor solo by C. T. Wendell;
How to Carve a Turkey for ThankSfciY
\uk. ' Thomas K. Kase, and other num
bers. hinAatn iiiiiii *i- "niT'f
CLUBBED BY A
POLICEMAN AND
DEATH RESULTS
The Victim's Body at
the Morgue.
BEATEN WHILE HANDCUFFED
»
WITNESSES SAY ASSAULT WAS
UNCALLED FOB.
t
Peter Silvas, Arrested for Disturb
ing the Peace, Roughly Treated
by Officer Bell.
»
Peter Silvas, a Mexican, died at St.
Mary's Hospital yesterday afternoon un
der circumstances which will bear invest
igation.
On lan Thursday afternoon Police Of
ficer D. J. Bell responded to a whistle
call from 1113 V* Kearny street, where Sil
vaa resided, and was told by the landlord
of the house that Silvas was drunk and
disorderly and an officer was needed to
quiet him.
According to witnesses, Officer Bell went
to the room where Sllvas vrai lying, and
after a few moments brought the uul'Ttu
nate man from the house to the street
handcuffed und bleeding profusely from
many scalp wounds. While helpless from
the beating he had received and unable
on account of th.- handcuffs on hl6 wrists
to do any damage, Sllvas, who weighed
about 180 poundn. was roughly dragged
to the street by the officer, who. In tho
presence of a large crowd which had con
gregated in front of the house, beat the
helpless man on the head with his cluo
and drugged him to the corner, where the
patrol wagon was waiting to take the
victim to the California street station.
The people who witnessed the brutal af
fair were lcud in their protestations of
the unwarranted conduct "of the police
officer and a woman who had watched the
entire affair blew a police whistle for an
officer to protect the unfortunate man
from further assault.
Silvas' wife, a hard-working woman
employed :i. the Mexican restaurant at
525 Broadway, was in the room when the
otllcer commenced the assault. She pleod
ed with him not to kill the man, saying
that she would put him to bed and lake
care of him, but her pleadings were un
heeded and the beating continued. Imme
diately after her husband had been taken
to jail she ran into the restaurant where
the is employed and cried out that her
husband liud been murdered. Her cm
ployor tried to pacify her and have her
return to her room, but she refused, say
ing the slcht of so much blood on the
floor and the walls was more than sue
could stand. She stated that when officer
Hell entered the .room he gave orders to
Flop her husband from making further
noise and she promised to do so. The
oilier yelled so loudly that her husband
awoke ami asked the cause of the trouble
and immediately the officer pounced on
Sllvas and commenced to beat him over
the head and arms, and though she pro
tested Hell kept up the tattoo on the
man's head until he reached the porcb of
tho house.
Mrs. bilvus, after the affair, left the
of the trouble ancl moved I • .
Broadway, where her husband found
her after his release from Jail the
r.'-xt day. Ki.'tn the time he was released
he a«i«d strangely and r.>iu;>lained of
Lams in his head, and the woman, fearing
for his safety and on the advice of her
f: i. ads, had her husband brought to St.
M.ti> .-. Hoepita] on Sunday afternoon, lie
I late the next day.
Mi*. <;. Kamarls, who lives at 11174
Ki-arny street, gnve the following state
ment as her version of the assault: "1
live near where the trouble occun
heard Mrs. Bllvas cry to the officer to
• . that she would tßke care of her
husband, and she pleaded to the officer
not to beat the man any more.
"When the officer reached the porch
Sllvas was weak and helpless and covered
with blood, arid seemed to faint when the
officer hit him several hard blows on the
top of his head. I heard a woman blow
a police whistle and then yell for an ofn
.> ii 11 1 X that Deli would kill Sllvas if
tie old not stop him.
"The handcuff* were on Sllvas' wrists
all the time, and he was screaming with
pain. It was the most brutal thing I ever
witnessed to see that big policeman beat
the little man so unmercifully, and I
never want to witness such a sight agajn.
The crowd of onlookers expressed them
selves against such a brutal assault, and
I thought at one time they would inter
fere to save the man."
Officer Bell made the following state
ment at the California-street station last
night: "On Monday afternoon I was
called to 11134 Kearny street and was told
that Sllvas was drunk and disorderly
When I went to his room I told him to
k^ep quiet or I would arrest him. When I
started to leave the room he made a great
rush at me and tried to kick me and
throw me down. He took hold of me and
I hit him on the wrist to make him let go,
hut he continued to fight, and I n::
him. The woman tried to interfere, anl
I told her that her husband was under ar
rest. I hroufcht him to the street. I might
bare hit him on the head, but If I did It
was not hard enough to hurt him. I <1M
not hit him while on the street. I order»*>l
a charge of disturbing the peace put
against him. He was sent to the Harbor
Hospital for treatment, but I am sure I
did not hurt the man. I merely pmtected
myself from his assault, as he was fight-
Ing drunk. 1 '
CAR CONDUCTORS PASS
BAD COIN ON PATRONS
WOULD HAVE TO MAKE IT GOOD
OTHERWISE.
Startling Declaration of a Witness in
a Counterfeit Case Before United
States Commissioner
Heacock.
Conductor D. K. Thrush of the Butter
street road made a remarkable display of
moral courage yesterday while on the
witness stand In United States Comm.s
sloner Heacock's court. He had been tell
ing how the prisoner at the bar, Frank
Scott, had passed a bad half-dollar on
him on the night of November 18 of this
year, and Assistant United States Attor- i
ney Banning Inquired as to the present
whereabouts of the bad piece.
"What did you do with the coin?"
asked Mr. Banning.
"I passed It off again In the car," was
the unhesitating reply.
"To whom?"
"I don't know."
"Did you pass It off knowingly?" asked
Mr. Banning In surprise.
"Yes. sir."
Conductor Thomas F. Rogers was an
other victim of the bad half-dollar. On
the evening of November IS ho got ono
for car fare from a man who resembled
the prisoner, except that the man wore i
a thin, light mustache and the prisoner !
appeared In court close-shaven.
After the bad half had been rejected
by the railroad company's receiver Rog
ers cassed It to an old man who had
handed him a good dollar. He did not In- I
tend to "utter ' the bad coin, but as It !
was In his pocket with two good half- !
dollar pieces he took It out "accidental
ly" and gave it away in change.
Conductor F. Elllnger of the same road
received a similar bad piece from a man
closely resembling the prisoner, with the
exception ex the missing mustache. The
coin was produced in court and proved
to he a very dangerous counterfeit, being
made of an alloy of tin. and having a
clear silvery ring, but being a little light.
The examination was continued • until
next Saturday morning at 10 o'clock, when
the defendant will introduce testimony.
Sons of Benjamin.
By Invitation of the president of flan
Francisco Lodge No. 173 of the Independ
ent Order Sons of Benjamin, the members
Of that subordinate will be his guests at
a dinner to be given on Thanksgiving
day ut a prominent restaurant
IS NOT A CANDIDATE
FOR THE PRESIDENCY
Dewey Declares That He Hopes to See
McKinley Secure a Second
Term.
WASHINGTON. Nov. n.-Admlral Dewey ha* » ,
assertions that he is not a candidate for the p rc %[***:? r^ated his former
United States. "aidcntlal nomination of tho
"President McKlnley 1* a good friend of mine an* t v,
a second term." the admiral said. "I hope my friend. *m 5° •«• him MCU £
of my being a candidate. The American people ha too Zc ° nue to ta i k
anything: of that kind. It seems to me that these wiSS^SS^ Mn " to do
roes, as a rule, have made poor Presidents. Presld«nT £.£? . ■>r-arreJ ne
friend of mine, and I shall never forget those noble. cheSri „ a *?",
he sent me at Manila. I have preserved them all and shall kcWthtJJfM lons
as I live." •
The admiral expresses much satisfaction with the news from th* ph , lln
pines, and he considers the insurrection practically at an end.
ATTEMPT TO CREATE
A SHRIMP MONOPOLY
PETITION TO THE CHINESE CON
SUL GENERAL.
Merchants Complain That Fishermen
at San Pablo Have Been Threat
ened by a Combine.
A petition signed by a large number of
Chinese merchants has bten presented to
the Chinese Consul tor the port of 6nn
Francisco. Its pn>ort Is that Certain
white men have combined with un.-crupu
hlneae In an attempt to gain a mo
nopolj |n the the shrimp trade, an«l have
threatened the Chinese fishermen at Ban
I'ublo to gain their end. Thi.; ll the first
orticlal bten which has been taken In a
matter which has threatened w;*r in the
Chinese quarter fur some time.
At pref-ent the fishermen Fupply Chinese
merchants with their catches. They have
been m.ii.ii.i; .1 fair profit and wore sat
isfied. Recently they received notification
from certain people that if they did not
dispose of their fish and shrlmpa U) ■
combine which was b»'tn:r formod they
would »>e iiUerferro<l with by the X
authorities and driven out of bu.-Unesn.
Uttei making the proposition to the
flshi n I to bulldoM them,
and claimed to have oflkdall behind them
in their schemes-..
Notice* were posted In Chinatown
threatening the fishermen and a reign of
terror commenced. The merchant
itlnue their trade with the .
men, but found many of them
• to fall In with the new
C'imt'tiiP. thinking that their bu«in»-s.-<
I be Interrupted :in<i that the ;
who threatened them really had tho ln
. with the nfflcers th.y claimed to
\s a result they have petitioned
their Consul for an investigation, which
will be had.
Unfounded charges Dismissed.
Miss B. M. Bretz, a teacher In the Lin
coln Evening School, was on trial last
night before the Board of Education, but
before the Inquiry was over her accusers
were very close to the danger line of In
vestigation for preferring unwarranted
charges. The lady was accused of ln
competency for having. It was alleged,
failed to maintain the numerical standard
of her classes. She Is slightly deaf, and
her infirmity was magnified by H. Mc-
Donald, the principal of the school, Into
Incapacity. The principal Is an aged man
who preferred that the board consider
him a gentleman of uncertain age rather
than tell how old he really is. His evi
dence was not material except an admis
sion that he had preferred the charges
after Miss I!retz had been transferred
from his school to the Spring Valley
School. Principal Sykes of this school
Fent a communication declaring that Miss
}<r«-t»! was Incompetent, and It was shown
that Principal Sykes had resented the
coming of Miss Bretz and for the three
nights that she was under his scrutiny
had to give her a claps. Ml** Bretz then
took the stand and demonstrated that she
can hear as well as any one who listened
to her. The charges against her were
unanimously dismissed, and some of the
members of the board Intimated after the
meeting that Mr. McDonald may have to
become confidential nnd tell his true age.
A Gift to the Speaker.
Several weeks ago Senator Perkins and
a number of other well-known gentlemen
made arrangements to present to Speaker
Henderson of the House of Representa
tive a beautiful (ravel. The wood Is of
pieces taken from the hard finish of the
battleship Oregon and the trimmings are
of gold, appropriately Inscribed. The
members of the Chamber of Commerce
thought It would be the proper thing to
present a case for the repose of the •*m
blem of authority and yesterday Presi
dent Nel3on sent to Washington the gavel
Inclosed .n a beautiful burl redwood case
lined with a purple velvet. The combina
tion Is a beautiful gift.
E^T Stzfr+t't lC • y*^m '- *v •*■ t~"v s»*
tP*" nBP^ Thr?e colors— cedar, Four colors — pearl.
El BSfiLSP^^^ ' *
X
■V^Fwi^Mta»^^Stoy t^^^^ . • . jS^^KrVrf iSSSSwUssI BSfßMSb^Bim i^
DOCTOR CHARGED WITH
SWINDLING A PATIENT
WALDERMiIR SCHCI.TZ THROWS*
IN PRISON.
Accused by Linda S IraltM of De
frauding Her Out of Over (600
by False Representation.
Dr. Waldermer Scholti. who has an
office on Montgomery street, was ar
yesterday by Pollea OfA ■ r • ■
a warrant Issued by police Jud*e I
charging him with obtaining ■
false pretenses. The complaining wltne**
Is Linda Schultae •■( 1826 Polk street.
According to her story the defendant
by representing that he owned valuable
property on Van Xess avenue succeeded
In borrowing various sums of money
from her, amounting In all to Jt>7s. II«
pretended that he needed the money to
pay off a mortgage on the property.
Several days ago Mrs. Scnultze. who la
a prepossessing widow, learned that the
doctor's name did not adorn the assess
ment roll and she proceeded to make a:t
investigation.
It did not take her lons to find that
Scholtz had no Interest In the property
which he claimed he owned, and, becom
ing angry, she decided to have him ar
rested. Yesterday she appeared before
Judge Conlan and swore to a complaint
charging him with obtaining money by
false pretenses. The warrant was placed
in the hands of Officer O'Connor, who.
after considerable difficulty, succeeded in
locating the doctor, lie was at onco
taken to the California-street station.
where he was locked up in default of,
$1000 bail.
Scholtz denies that he obtained any
money from Mr Schultze under falso
pretenses. He claims that he was em
ployed as her physician and earned thf
amount which «he says he swindled her
out of by attending her during a recent
illness. He also declares that Mrs.
Schultze was enamored of his charms and
that she had agreed to become his wife.
This Is emphatically denied by the com
plaining witness.
NEW STATUS OF LICENSES.
Retail Liquor Dealers Under Juris-
diction of Police Commission.
City and County Attorney Lane has ad
1 dressed a communication to License Col
lector Lees In reply to a request for an
opinion as to what licenses are payable
under the new charter. Mr. Lane states
that by the terms of the charter the
Board of Supervisors Is empowered to Im
pose license taxes and to provide for tho
collection thereof, but with the Important
limitation that no license taxes shall be
Imposed upon any person who. at any
fixed place of business, sells or manufac
tures merchandise except such as require
permits from the Board of Police Commis
sioners. Such permits are required In the
cone of any person engaging In the sale
of liquor In less quantity than one quart
or engaging in the business of selling
liquor to be drunk on the premises.
7i It follows." concludes the opinion,
'"that with the exception of those persons
engaged In carrying on what Is commonly
known as a saloon business or retail
liquor business, every manufacturing es
tablishment and every wholesale and re
tall business house doing business at k
fixed place of business in this city on and
after the Sth day of January, 19w. will be
relieved of all license taxes heretofore Im
posed upon such business of manufactur
ing or selling goods, wares and merchan
dise.
"As the Board of Supervisors has full
power to Impose license taxes with the ex
ceptions above noted. It Is not Impossible
to say what license taxes will be Imposed
other than those now obtaining."
Mr. Lane is also of the opinion that no
license tax can legally be colic for the
sale of Imported goods In unbroken pack
ages, such tax having been held by Ch>f
Justice Marshall to be In violation of the
provisions of the Federal constitution.ROBERTS TO BE SEATED
AND LATER EXPELLED
Course of Procedure (o Be Foi=
lowed in Barring (he Polygaraist
From Congress.
r.WAs HEADQUARTERS. WELLING- '
ton hotel; Washington: Nov. 27.-!
Mr. Roberta of Utah probably will be i
sworn Sn a:id seated r.s v member of the
House of Representatives and will be sub- ;
frequently turned out by the adoption of a
resolution of expulsion— a course favored '
by many conservative leaders In the
House and one Ukeiy to be adopted. By
following this plan tho House would not ■
put Itself In the position of taking snap •
judgment on Mr. Roberts. The resolution
of expulsion would be referred to tho Ju
diciary Commlttoo of the House-a com
tnlttee made up of tr.cn chosen for their j
legal attainments— and Mr. Roberts thus
would be given an opportunity to present
his ca^e and submit arguments In support (
of his right to retain his seat. Though ;
the men who favor this course are nearly '
all convinced that the charges made
against Mr. Roberts are well founded and
the report «>f the committee will be in i
favor of expulsion, they think It best to
take a conservative course and make it ;
Impossible for Mr. Roberts or any one i
<lse to assert that he had b*«en condemned i
Without trial. No doubt when the vote is '
taken the resolution of expulsion will be j
adopted by mor<> than the necessary two
thirds of the House.
Mr. Roberts has shown that he Is capa- ;
Me of putting his own case In about the
Strongest light possible, but he will doubt-
Joss employ counsel and his Mormon sup
porters In Utah rarely will ?ee to it that ,
he does not lack able legal advice. There
will be vtrotsg lawyers arrayed against j
him. Some ><i the various societies which
are advocating bis expulsion from the
House have employed counsel. The I
League for Social Service, which Is one ■
of these Ktcietfes, has employed a com- !
blnation "f legal talent peculiarly well j
fitted to present such a case. This com
blnation Includes f"rmer Senator Ed- j
rounds of Vermont and former Speaker I
John G: Carlisle, who. by reason of his j
i'.nr s«t\ Ire Irs the House and in the]
Speaker's chair. Is thoroughly familiar J
with the parliamentary practice of the !
Hou^e and with every Question bearing i
on the cas<*. Associated with these cmi- !
nent attorneys Is Harry 11. Smith, for!
MAZET BOARD OF
INQUIRY DEFIED
♦
New York Official Will
Not Testify.
♦
Sreilal Dispatch to Tfc* Call.
SKVT YORK. Nov. 27.— The Maret L"Jf
l?lative coramitt«'-e to-day resumod its In
vestigation of tha city departmentfi. The
rao»t important incident was the refusal
uf L>iftn«t Attorney Oardlner to testily
Ixjfi^re the committee, which thereupon,
f-ntered u;»on the lnnu expected lnqulr>'
!ruo the oonduct of his oJlice. Governor
liooscvelt to-day announcixl that he would
appoint Insley WUoox of HufTalo Com
misfcloner to hear the charges brought
fU^i!nst Mr. Gardiner by the City Club.
At the hearing to-day Mr. Mo?s read the
affidavit of Edward J. Itcardon. who
served Colonel Gardiner on Saturday aft
ernoon with a suhpena to appear before
".he committee this afternoon. According
to Hcardm. he met Colonel Gardiner in .an
•-levator in the Criminal Court building.
ur.d uhen h« touchtd him with the paper
Colonel Gardiner said:
•1 don't rtitignlze this as I legal &er
vice. a^ it Is a half-holiday."
i:cardon insist-. d that ha had served the
eubpena; when Colonel Gardiner s-iiid:
# "i ou are a damned liar, and I have ■
mind to have you arrested."
Mr. Gardiner to-Oay sent a long and bit
ter letter to Mr. Maxet. in which he nays:
••Instead of inquiring of n;e concerning
this < ffice you permitted your managing
counsel to question me concerning un in
dictment for murder of exceptional intri
cacy and difficulty, which hits taxed the
energies of myself and members of my
jirofessiorLal staff for nearly eleven monitis
and is now on trial.
"Thi* scandalous fffnrt to pry into the
people's case, presumably for the benefit
vt the defendant. Induced your associate
counsel to follow me from your presence
to say apologetically that he was opposed
to such an examination.
"It becomes my duty to announce a fact
thru you w<-!l know— that y«<u are abso
lutely" without lawful authority- to ls^ue
a subpena or to Kwar a witness."
The Investigation this mortiing was Into
the methods of the Health Board Inspect
ors, and the disclosures were not import
ant
SPANISH WAR VETERANS'
SOCIETY INCORPORATES
Organization l»ow Has a Business
Standing and May Defend Its
Bights If Ncctsary.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— The organ
ization known as the Spanish War Vet
• r.n.s was incorporated to-day. This ac
tion irfve* the society a business standing,
and will allow It to defend its rights
In the courts if at any time such action
shouid become necessary.
Thi» action was taken by General
George H. H.irri'-». a mrinber of the coun
cil of administration, four other members
Joining iiim as incor{>orat> rs. Gviural
Harries also took the necessary action
to stop the delivery of mall to William
Christopher I-lller. formerly adjutant pen
«*ral of thx- Spanish War Veterans, in ail
ca«rs in which such mall 1* address* d to
him a* adjutant gczieral. Such mail com-
In* to thin city is now to b« delivered to
General Harries.
ALLEGED PLOT TO
MURDER THE SULTAN
Prominent Muesulmans Placed Under
Arrest and Sent to a Prison
Island.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. It.-A num.
b*»r of :irr<.-s!s of Mussulmans has be*n
made. Including a B<-nrral of division and
t,c-\eral important officials, charp^l with
l'. - !r.K' tr.zupi-d in a plot to assassinate
i!i«? Baltaa with dynamite bombs on tne
occasion of the Selarnllk on Friday. Four
bornLs have bt-^n seized. Tbo accused.
nh« have l>ceu exiled to Ytraen, hive
already been sent to their piace of Im
prisonment. ■■ .•-■•
fur- Msiss-Jlmar.s of Stamboul are great
|v fxcitcti. Vigorous lu-ahures have been
taken to P*?erve Lordcr^
• to the Wire.
WASHINGTON. Nov. JT. — Keruits at IVn-
I
f>*Jl!nff thrce-vear-c!<S«. non-wlnnert In ISM.
rrvi-ji f U rtowr»-VtranKe«t wen. PpwdaiM ace
dwJ T.\\-n Ttrry thirJ. Tlrae. 1:39.
♦Ulden tw»-y«r-<»ia«. fli-e and a half fur
:cr.K»-Foii»oJ«s ™™> Cdaea hc«rter second.
■3>-.ni<.» Ihlrd. Time. 1:11 1-5.
Tm -rear-ol4i< and uinerd. f»n<« mile and fifty
jtr^ii-Pt. hlwor.ltn won. CharaKrare j>econ<l.
.M:«-o!J thirl. Time. 1:M.
h«-i;jnc tw.vyrar-01-3!-. r\x furlincv-Cupirtlty
wen \V« T«i« ifcond. Uaclc Ught .thlrj.
Ttm«-.- I:1 C!-«. . . '
B>-ll!nr trirff-year-oMi and upward, one anJ
a *\xi**'r.\H milc-UniuU wnn.Pt. Lwrenxo
•ectt.4. Tjrta third. Time. X:U S-- 1
many years journal clerk of the House of
Representatives, and probably the hest-
Informed man In the House, on all ques
tions of parliamentary precedent.
The lnl'.uonce of women in Congressional
families Is ha\ Ing a great effect upon their
husbands and will throw many votes
against Mr. Roberts. Mrs. Joy, wife of
Representative Joy of Missouri, has un
dertaken to organize the sentiment of
wives of Representatives and has got up
a petition addressed to the House of Rep
resentatives in which tho ladlea ask their
husbands to exclude Mr. Roberts from the
House. Thus far Mrs. Joy has secured
more than JW) signatures. Every Repre
sentative's wife that she presented it to.
with only three or four exceptions, has
signed her name. The signatures are those
of the wives of Democrats as well as
those of Republicans. The petition will
be presented to the House on the li: - day
of the session.
Thus far political lines have not been
drawn in the Roberts case, and there Is no
evidence that they will be. If the Repub
licans could put the Democrats In the po
sition of upholding polygamy there is no
doubt they would quickly avail them
selves of, the political advantage that this
would give them. Many of the Demo
crat-, however, are just as earnest a.s tho
Republicans In their determination to ex
clude the polygnmist from the House.
They regret the fact that Mr. Roberts was
electo.l as a Democrat^ as that mere fact in
a measure connects him with the party.
Many of thorn would be glad if he would
resign his seat and thus take the trouble
some question out of politics altogether.
They have no doubt that if he should re
sign some other Democrat who is not a
polygamist would be elected to succeed
him. The representative of Utah in the
lost Congress was Mr. King, a Mormon,
but not a polygamist. No one objected to
him or. account of his religious belief and
he was an esteemed and influential mem
ber of the Democratic side of the house.
Mr. Roberts, however, has given no indi
cation of an Intention to gratify his fel
low Democrats by resigning. On the con
trary, he has distinctly declared that he
will not resign.
SUPREME COURT
LECTURES PRESS
•
Idaho's Highest Tribu
nal Has a Grievance.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE. Idaho. Nov. 27.— The Stato Su
preme Court to-day denied the petition of
Paul Corcoran for a writ of habeas cor
pus. Corcoran was convicted of murder
n the second degree and sentenced to sev
enteen years* Imprisonment for murder
committed by members of the mob, of
which he was one, that destroyed the
Bunker Hill mill on April 2?. In passing
on the application the court takes occa
sion to express its opinion of those who
have assailed the authorities of the State
by their actions In connection with the
suppression of the lawlessness in the
Coeur d'Alenes. It sayß:
It Mem* to be o ne or the m*thr>da of this or
ranlzat'.on known as th«- Miners' Union when
ever an attempt Is made to bring them to ac
cent for their unlawful, barbarous and mur
deruua act* to at once commence an attack up
on the legally constituted authorities, who ar<-
I^'t™?"^ l V , cnforc « *"'* maintain tha law.
, J 'f ■i r faJ *, c c! * m " r ***'* K» excite ■ym
patny for the niaWacu.ru. an.i euch action by
virtue of the recognized freedom <f the prvsi
in this country, always fin.Js echo an.l t,., f r *-
(juent Indorsement with that portion of the
praa jrhosa moral principles are c-verned and
controlled by what is for their g.Un. Thousand*
• f mt.es from tli* scene of the transactors
they assume to J;j,i C c and critlclr-
These leadlnr Journal? <>i civilization h-s<
tate not upon no ether authority than the lurid
reports at la*lr •'scoop friend*,*: ba>M u;..>n th«
Ktatfu:ents»of known malefactors and their al-
« n<l , I «J^''n«J*r». to assail inJUcrimin-
Ktely the legally confttltufdnutlurltles of a com-
Stat^ for the!r e!Tolts to n->^!»ta7n
the law and prot^t per3<-.ns and property »lth
.n the.r JJrtsdlctlcn. Jn k»ep!nc with this
cuntom anJ rule both the »z«vutlve and Judi
ciary of the State hay- b^n In terms
?l , un ""'« II * u«-iu «-i vituperation for klmply dola*
their duty ur.d^r tb»-ir oath of oilce
MODEL EXISTENCE LED
BY PITCAIRN ISLANDERS
Defendants of Mutineers Indulge in
Neither Intoxicants, Tobacco
-'• r Profanity.
■ • 27.— The
■ ■ ■
ed 1 • .
■
■ mil
■
■
■
k on
■
the Island in
■ ■
' ■
i
LIVELY BIDDING FOR MARES.
Excellent Prices Realized at New
York for Palo Alto Stock.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— The crowd !n at
tendance at the Madison Square Gnr.len
horse ?ale to-lay was smaller than usual,
ar.d there w*r« but few sales worth not-
Iny.
The evening, however, was devoted to
the sale of the entire Palo Alto thorough
bred stock, a |iart of the i-s:.-;t«* of the
late Senator Stanford of California: The
crowd present In the evening was tlu
larpcst of the sale. ;.r.d bidding for the
more ueslrable thoroughbred* was brisk
Sidney I'apet. bidding tor the ntable of
Whitney & I'aßft, .m-l Matt Dwyer bl-1
«2ir.K for the stable of J. H. Hagyin; camo
Into sharp competition "everal times for
choke breed mans. Mr. Haßgin paid
thu highest prlc- of the evening. 54'>u0
f-<r th<> imported mure George. Forty-two
head were sold during- the evening for SIS -
MO. an average <if K".O. To-morrow moni
lr:g th" horses, vehicles, etc.. of the late
Colonel Lawrence- Xl» will be sold.
The number of horses sold during the
day was fl'ty. for $10.9*3. the total sales
for the day and nisht were ninety-three
for J25.430. The Palo Alto sales for JfcO or
more follow:
Imp. Fairy Hot*, b. tn.. IN. Sidney Paret,
■ ■
Imp. Comtl!*, b. m.. ISSS. I Sasjr Paget.
!
Imp. Geonte. blk. ra.. I^s. Matt Dwyer. J4OOO.
•'h.irrr.. b. m.. W). GUron I>a!y. JUOO. •
Fauftine. b. m.. liW, Walter Itollin*. tllM.
Shannon Hose. b. m.. IMS. Matt Dwjrer. $1300.
ri.'*ftiUd. eh. m., ISSO, Fred llossam, Red
rank. N. J.. $€00.
Kllrtntlon. b. m.. I«"t n. 11. Totter. JMOO.
Fldollu. b. tn.. l^.'T. M. Dwyer. V.lt.
ilarc'.la. b. 1.. ISIS. W. H. Clarke. JiOO.
No Longer Transports.
 war T>r.
■ ■
.;*ed on the Pacific
I
THE SAN FBAHCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1899.
ESCAPE OF
AMERICAN
PRISONERS
»
Seven Left Behind by the
Filipinos in Their Hur
ried Flight.
SPANIARDS GO FREE
— »—» —
Succeed in Gaining Liberty Before
the Advance of United States
Troops.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Nov. 27.— The Insurgents have
evacuated Mangalan, province of Pan
gusanan. leaving seven American and
ninety-four Spanish prisoners, who es
caped in the confusion of the Filipino re
treat. The Americans are P. J. Green
and George Powers of the battle ship
Oregon. Thomas Edward-* and Charles
Bird of the Sixteenth Infantry, Henry W.
James of the Twelfth Infantry, John I'
mond ..I the Signal Corps and F. H.
H uber of Lane's scouts. They report that
two Americans were unable to escape and
are with the insurgents. They are David
Scott of the Twenty-fourth Infantry and
William Sherby of the Hospital Corps.
Four deserters are with the Filipinos—
Howard. Martin and Ford of the Call
fornians. and Watts, whose former regi
ment Is unknown. Howard is the only
one serving with the insurgents. ii Is a
captain of artillery.
Colonel Bell of the Thirty-fourth Volun
teers arrived at Manga Is last evening,
alter a hard march, and, fording the
Agino, he found that Fowler's company
•■t the Thirty-third had occupied the town
two days previously. The insurgents.
General Alejandro commanding, retreated
to the mountains behind the town, short
of food and ammunition. His men were
deserting, and six cannon which the in
surgents wore dragging impelled their
march.
Colonel Bell proposes to follow the Fil
ipinos until he can bring about .1 decisive
tight, or they were scattered. Mangalan
was ftrongly fort I tied with rifle pits com
manding tne road. The insurgents aban
doned the place without firing a shot.
Three hundred Spanish prisoners -who
escaped from their captors before the
American advance. Including civil officials
of rank who had been in the hands of
the Filipinos for more than a year, and
many crtlcers. bay« arrived at Manila
during the past week. Francisco Reyes
brought lvi» of them from General
Whtaton. They were a motley appareled
company. Some were ill and hacf to be
carried from Tayug to San Fabian In
army wagons. A delegation of these for
mer prisoners visited Major General Otl
to thank him for hi hospitality, which
included the supplying of food and
clothes. S<*nor Jamaiiilo, th* Spanish
Commissioner, Is ... arrangements to
send them to Spain on Spanish transports.
Bnenaeamlno has been lodged in com
fortable quarters at the police station
with his fcmily. Other persons are not
allowed to communicate with nun He
is classed as being the most slippery ffr
sonasje connected with the Insurrection.
He was a < olr>n«-l in the Spanish army
a:id a traitor to Spain. At the lime of
the f>rst insurrection he tried to -■ :i out
to the Filipinos, and his present imprison
ment excited no sympathy among his
people, while the Spaniards think ii is
mistaken leniency for the Americans to
rt Train from shooting him on the Lu
ncui.
Agvlnaldo's youngest child, who was re
cently christened at Tarlae with great
ceremony, died and won burled at Ua
>.\mb:in In Agumaldo's flight. General
Wheaton reports that natives threatened
violence to Agulnaldo's mother, wno Is
now sheltered in a convent with a guard.
General otls has ordered her brought to
Manila for salety.
MOVEMENTS OF TROOPS
AS REPORTED BY OTIS
WASHINGTON. Nov. Z7.-Oeneral Otis
to-day reports the situation In the Philip
pines in the following dispatch to the
War Department:
"MANILA, Nov. 27.— A steamer from
San Fabian yesterday brought 115 Spanish
prisoner*. $75,000 of Insurgent government
money and other , ,••■!>• captured by
L&wton'f troops near Tayud on th.- 2."> th.
Wheaton'a trooopa and Fowler's company
of the Forty-third drove the enemy west
ward from Mangaiaren. a few miles BOUtb
west of l'api.jian, and captured live thn-e-
Inch muzzle-ioadlnß guns, twelve rifles,
12.'« m rounds r,f Maxim cartridges, 1%0
shrapnel. s<iO pounds of powder ami other
property; also ninety-four Spanish and
seven American prisoners.
•Hell, with tho Thirty-sixth Infantry. is
!n pursuit of Insurgents, and will march
down tho Western I eon coast. The in
dications arc two or three bodies of In
surgent troops, numbering probably 500 or
more men each. In the mountains west of
the railroad can b« readily handled by
Mar-Arthur. They have the bulk of tho
insurgent artillery, all of which •will be
captured unless buried.
"Young is prill in pursuit of Agulnaldo.
who Is heading for Llenguet, a few miles
east of Vlgan. Young, with the cavalry
and seoutF. Is followed by a battalion of
the Twenty-third and by the balance of
the battalion of the Twenty-second Two
battalions of the Twenty-third are en
route for YiKnn by military postroad.
Young's reception by the inhabitants is
enthusiastic They Rive him all the aid
possible.
"Afulna do has» collected mor« than llVK)
of his troop* at ■be north. Probably most
of tli'-ni will desert him. A number of
small detachments of Insurant troops
throughout the country north <.( Manila
have been captured, and the Inhabitants
manifest sratltude for their deliverance.
The indications are that the Insurgent
force south of Manila Is disintegrating
and the troops are going to their homes.
Reports from the southern Island? are fa
vorable. Zamboanga (isle of Mlndlnao) In
surgents surrendered to our troops, and
no trouble is expected there."
Later in the day the following dispatch
was received from General Otis:
"The Oregon landed marines at Viß.m
yesterday: Young's column was at N.ii
nogpacan. twenty miles north of San Fer
nando, on the iid, from which point it
passed north Into the mountains. The
troops will relieve the marines at Vigan
en the »th. The bulk of the Spanish and
American prisoners are reported to be at
I'.'-r.Ruet. twenty miles east of Vlgan.
"Wheaton, at San Fablon, ha«: lust re
p<irted the rapture of sevnty-three more
rifi>s and $1100 In money: also that he hns
been obliged to take the mother and son
of Agu!naldo under guard at Ban Fabian
to prevent their murder by natives. They
will be P<"nt here the first "opportunity snd
delivered to friends. Natives In the vicin
ity of LtayombnnK and Nueva VJsoaya are
offering their services to drive out th» in
surgents there.
"Rep from Zamboai - saj ,i» In
surgent? surrendered their heavy artillery
to the navy, and since have surrendered to
Nlcholp. commanding a battalion of the
Twenty-third Infantry. 179 rifles, one Nor
denfeldt and four breech-loading cannon.
Order was restored In the town and vicin
ity. About eighty Tagalos scattered to
the mountains."
AMERICAN LOSSES BY
BULLETS AND DISEASE
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— General Otis
] reports to the war office that the ofllcer
I killed in action at Hollo on the CM ins!.
was Charles M. Smith, a second lieuten
j ant In the Eighteenth Infantry. Follow
i ing is the full list of casualties reported
by General Otis under date of yesterday:
Variola. November 20. John Evans.
Company K. Nineteenth Infantry: >."••
v.mlv 17. John Miller, Fourth Infantry:
malaria, November 16, Jacob Abel. Com
pany X, Twenty-second Infantry; Novem
ber 22. Charles Britenstlne, hospital stew
ard. Thirty-second Infantry; nephritis.
November IS, Bert L. Flanders. Company
•K. Fourth Infantry; Samuel L. Davis,
GAGE BROUGHT TO TIME
BY A COURT MANDATE
Governor's Office Compelled to Show
the Lunacy Commission's
Minute=Book.
BACRAMKNTO, Nov. W.— Ever since
the o.ir» administration began news has
tard to K«-t In th.^ various depart
ments df i:. Bi • nice orer whi.-h the
executive
pihle to obtnin Information concerning
it which the public has ■
right 1 h ow rr :■ itance, wi>il©
The Call of Saturday published from its
Sar.ta Crux enrrosoondent the letter ol
I r. F. \V. Blips as a mem
ber of rh.- State Board of Dental Exam
iners the fi«cl that such ■ resignation had
■
ords in the Oovernor's office, exposed for
tho Inspection of newspaper men.
Dr, F. 'I. Ifetcalf of Bacramento tins
afternoon received letters from Dr
Barhman, president of the Board of Den
tal F.xaininers, and from Dr. \V. A.
Moore, the secretary, statins; that on Fri
day lnst they tendered (heir resignations
/ernor <lage. hut th.- record In the
Governor's office does not show th«» fact,
and the attaches of the orMrp, when a*keil
pt of the n
ki i iut them.
v which • lenta illu>
nas not served any useful pui
Company O. Twenty-eighth Infantry;
tuberculosis. November 19. Lawrence Din
neon, sergeant; Company it. Thirteenth
Infantry; stubbed by comrade, November
10. Pres Walker. Company C, Nineteenth
Infantry: typhoid fever. November 17,
Joseph Halleck. Company I), Eighteenth
Infantry; phthisis, November -l. Benja
min R. Fairchild. Com] L. Twenty
sixth Infantry; chronic dysentery, No
vember 25. Charles El ler, Company A,
Thirty-sixth Infantry: William J. Ken
nedy, Company C. Twentieth Infantry;
acute dysentery, November 21. Frederick
Bale; November -4. Clarence Beat, Com
pany K. Fourth Infantry; November 17,
Charles W. Lamb, Company K. Thirty
fourth Infantry; heart disease, Novem
ber 21. Fred Stroutman. corporal. Com
pany M. Thirty-second Infantry: Charles
M. Smith, second lieutenant, Eighteenth
Infantry. 10 .' o'clock a. m.. November
22. Nt iloilo. Panay, gunshot in action;
November 22. result runshot in action,
Krnest W. Rhodes, Company C. Seven
teenth Infantry; David McAdoo. Com
pany 13. Klgliteenth Infantry; William J.
Wallace, Maximilian Luna, lieutenant
Thirty-fourth Infantry. 3 o'clock p. m..
November 15. drowned In Agino River.
near San Nicholas; insect blt»\ right fore
arm, November 22. Jacob Brown, Com
pany I, Fourteenth Infantry.
Under date of to-day General Otis also
cables the following casualties:
Killed — Maxwell Keyes. second lieuten
ant Third Infantry, engagement at Il.le
fonso. November 24. 2 lock p. m.
Wounded— fn action at Canaboa. No
vember 13, Quince E. Foreman. Company
E. Fourth Infantry, scalp, slight ; James
Maher. leg, slight: Edward S. Durkln.
both thighs, moderate; John Hemfeld.
Company M, arm. moderate; In action at
Imus, John C. Wetherby, Company L,
shoulder, severe: Jesse R. Soper. corporal.
Company E. knee, moderate; in action
near San Mateo. November 22. Oscar Ifc-
Culloch, Company K. Sixteenth Infantry,
back, moderate.
ROOT BELIEVFS PEACE
IS NOT FAR DISTANT
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Secretary
! 1 1i*» opinion to-day that
th«* rebellion in Luson would be at
! by Christ mas. Adjutant Genornl Corbin
' also (s confident that peace will sh..rtly
In the ] ■:• ••: • ■•' ; : • "*ld to
: day that he ft I I " ilnal lo
could long keep out r 'T the way >>f the
■• •• bei n
■ Vigan, twenty miles to the
westward ol Bangued, fer which place
Agulnaldo Is su] to h* beading
..'d is the objectlTe of General
_• who, with scout* and cavali
two battalions of lnl
n» rapidly as possible in pursuit of the
The object of th<-» action of th
miin'ltT of tho Oregon In landing marii ea
;ir Vtgan li »J ! ' >l »~'
•■ h. but it Is presumed it was for th<*
purpose ••! protecting the town, v it Is
pposed thai they eontem-
I pursuing the fleeing Instircei't
Th«> marine* will be relieve i by
(11l w- 1 . • eral Toung
l»ly will receive reinforcements ana
supplies through Vigan.
A ,..-.. ; • the Insurgents in
th-- ;■:; ■: ' ' '
Colon< ; Bell, with the "■
■itry. being undfr orders to
down thf west m coast Gei
Mac Arthur. General Otis says, can
ilv t.'ik* care of th ( - Insurgents 1
of th^ ralli ' H wlll
probably drive upon bli lines.
of the gratifying features of tho
I j n f (ir ,, to-day from <
i ■ ' -r of the natives !n the
' vicinity ot !'• «nl ■ s Agulnaldo's p»o
claitn>Mi mr'it;i! to assist the Americana
In ilrivlnß out tho Insurgents and their r •
quest for arms fur this purpose. It is un
lik»-lv they will be given rifles, for the
American force is sufficiently strong to
take care of thf Filipinos, hut it
i nncluslvely that Ajtulnaldo <' ; >'i tX '" "
: ncthinK from the tribes Into whose terri
tory he ha« i" •i ; driven. Consequently
bis captur* much easier mat
ter than it would have been bad ho ri
malned among the Tagalos.
DEWEY PREFERS SUBIG
FOR A NAVAL STATION
WASHINGTON. Nov. Admiral Dew
*>>■ called at the Navy Department to-day
In response to a request from Secretary
Ix>ng to discuss the question of establish
ing a naval station at Cavlte or some oth
er point near Manila. Such a station Is
now in operation at Cavlte. but It Is fore-
Men that the requirements of the navy
may bo much greater than those which
are temporarily attended to .-it Cavlte.
The Admiral brought with him portions
of his report to be Incorporated In the full
report of the Philippine Commission. This
discusses the establishment of a perma
nent naval station in the Philippine.
and regards Sublg Bay. about sixty miles
from Manila, as preferable to Cavite. as
this is a, fine harbor of a considerable
depth of water and has many natural ad
vantages for making It a strong naval es
tabllshnient. Dewey's view will doubt-
Willie Admir.ti Dewey ■ view will doubt
less prevail when a permanent station is
established, this will be for Congress to
deal with, and the present purpose is to
utilize the Cavite station for the current
work on the warships. Rear Admiral
GHUshas been mentioned as commandant
of the Cavlte station. Me was at the de
partment to-day and conferred with Sec
retary Long on the subject, but the Im
pression prevails that one of the younger
officers will be chosen.
Kentucky Breaks a Record.
NEWPORT NEWS. Ya .. Nov. 27— On
the run down from Boston to Hampt- n
the battleship Kentucky, which
came into the Roads last mlßht. broke the
■ ; for ships of hfr class. Her average
for the trip was IT, knots j..r hour.
Miles Brick in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nor. 27. Major Gen
eral Miles, riimmaii'llnK the army, has re
turned to V/aahliißtor. after a tour of
Moh, which Included the fortifica
tion* on the Pacific Coast and ih. <;ulf
of Mexico.
Western Baseball League.
PT. JOSEPH. MO., Nov. 27.-T. J. Hlckey
to-nißht tamed a rail for a me. tiiiß at
Omah.i on December 4 to organise
II lffiKi:.-. A <lozen Wut
era cities arc after franchises.
but has mafic the --arch for legitimate
news imnng the offices of the public ser
vants a vexatious and generally fruitless
task.
This morning the Bee sent up one it»
reporters to Inspect the minutes of the
last meeting; of the State Commission In
Lunacy. The reporter was Informed that
he could not see them. He changed his
polite re<n> into a formal demand. The
members of the commission present Bent
for Secretary Kevane of the Board of
Examiner* as the representative of the
Governor, and Mr. Kevane ngreed with
the others that the entries made at the
last meeting and not yet approved were
not subject to public scrutiny. Upon this
refusal th-> proprietors of the Bee sued
out before Superior Judge Hughes a per
emptory writ of mandate to compel '.lie
production cf the minute book. The »r
(J.-r was skived late this afternoon and
the minutes exposed. it happened that
they were not of vital Importance, but
the Incident Is noteworthy as showing
the endi to which a newspaper that wants
to got the news must go to obtain Infor
mation that under any former regime at
the State Capitol might be had for the
mere asking.
TEACHERS MEET
IN WOODLAND
Interesting Session of
the Institute.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Nov. 27. -The Teachers'
Institute met this morning and was called
to order by .Mrs. S. K. Peart. County Su
perintendent of Public Instruction, who
welcomed the teachers in a graceful and
eloquent speech. Miss Agnes Leland was
elected •■•■-.• by acclamation.
The : . .> the tad thai there
... noni the 1
Q\iil i number "f vlslton wen
ent. The • xr. ' • »Ned with the ?tns
i.'i'i an in\i>c;i;l
The subject of "Practical Ways of Over
coming the Evil Results of Poor Grading"
was discussed by Frank Ilulburt, Miss
Frances Simmons. Mrs. E. L. Gregory,
Mrs. Liinime, Mr. Conneau, Miss Relbsen,
\V. H. BaiUu and Miss i tester. This dis
cussion was very instructive and was lis
tened to with a great deal of interest.
State Superintendent Kirk delivered an
address upon "Some Thoughts Worthy
of Consideration by Teacher?." Misses
HnckWy and Smith led in the discussion
of f-loyd work, having particular reference
to the exniblt of this work made, at the |
National Educational Association at Los j
Angeie.3.
Teachers and trustees had a general dl«
cussiop. upon '•Practical Questions Con
cerning School Management." State Su
perintendent Kirk delivered an address
upon "School Supervision." A large num- ;
ber of teachers participated In the discus
sion on "Advantages and Disadvantages
of Different Methods of Teaching Megin
ners to Read." Miss Sophie Bond em
ployed one of her classes to Illustrate the
rational method of teaching reading.
This evening Mrs. Peart tendered a re
ception to the visitors and teachers In the
parlors of the Hotel Julian. It was a very
brilliant affair.
CLERICALS DEMAND
ACTIVITY BY FRANCE
Further Protests in the Chamber of
Deputies Against the Govern
ment's Policy.
PARIS, N ■ .: in the fhamlxr t.f
•
••i^ai policy ■>! the Government w..
Mimed. The Minister of Foreign Affatrs,
M del > asse, pr tested
tlon, whi. ..
did :.' t ree ;: •■••.; before the ri«k of cth
u France in external difficulties.
The statement called forth Leftist
and National : Denys <
. - j
at the iir.; bed \.<> Anglo-
French n*w*r^p«-r politics, which, h
•;ly froth, ti.- ;.dd>>d t
no partisan of ihp policj
lint be thought thi war in South \
t'a\f the opportunity to seek certs i
ments. Ahhoifgh be disapproved oi
shaking, he equally disapproved of the
policy of • arms. Nationalist
* this stau in- nt. Denj ■
1 lochl ed with irgtng a m< i •
i • i ■■■ • In Cl
M. • ■ • then moved the r<- ■•
lishment of the credit for an emba
ih' 1 V matter of national In
1 'athollc nation,
adding that as long as th>- Ctivcrnmrnt
Itseli In- thy r r th»»
French clergy with ih.- cvi i .:. en
.it th- Vatican w;i-- absolutely m-i •
Repl r* O chin said that while
the Clericals would vote f<>r tho credit, it
must :.' t ■ ■ ■ d as i vote of i on
fidencc In the Government. The credit
was m\< r>tf<l bj .:..i the
rned
JUDGE RODDEN IS
CALLED A WEAKLING
Attorney Wheeler Charges Collusion
Between Him and District At
torney Mclsaac.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 27 I'urinp the ar
ibeai corj lings
: c of Capitalist W. A. Marshall.
ng a ■pump Rim" in viola
tion ■ : the liarin County game Uw
torney Charlei B Wheelei \ for
i penly charged collusion
between Distrld Attornej Ifclsaai
i] re Rodden. He called >'••!
dei i "w< ikling" and Indirectly declared
him to be a liar, and Insisted that Judge
Angellottl prant ri short Intermission until
1 verify the truth or falsity of one
Of Me : >ns. Thr> tr.iuf •
> aused by llclsaac, who durins the hear
ing of the ease In Rodden'i <-"urt en i
■ entered upon the Kmiuui
of Insuffldency of evidence. Th;< m
giving the Supervisi.rs a
c, Wheeler
■ I hla ease by pointing out the
defects of the old ordinance.
■»■
BURNED HERSELF TO DEATH.
Terrible Form of- Suicide of a Way
ward Young Woman.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— Hattie Miller, a
handsome woman. M years of age. for
merly the wife of a man named Lonler of
Galveston. Texas, but who left him and
came to New York with R. A. Miller, a
racetrack mnn and formerly a sprinter,
committed suicide to-day In a horrible
manner.- She saturated her clothing with'
kerosene, set fire to them and was burned
to death. '*. -' ; . • •
Leon Breaks an Arm.
stEMPHIS, T.nr... Kov. 27.— The flpJit
to-n!pht at the Auditorium between <"a*
p.tr Leon ' ! New York and Johnny
Ritchie "f St. Louis rociilted In a draw
after th<- fourth round had been foiiKlu.
I^-nn br^ke his arm in the third muni,
hv<\ upon thf advice of a pbysldan at
topped tnd the
referee declared the contest a draw.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
DON'T NEGLECT"
YOUR KIDNEYS.
Weak Kjdoeys Caused by Over-
work, by Lifting or a Strair>
, ! IS iii
Hi--) i^M> | ifir
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Wonderful New Discov-
ery, Will Do for You, Every Reader of " The Call " May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinnry troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but n< w modern science proves that nearly
nil disenHCB have thrir beginning \\ the disorder of those most
important organs.
Now by this is not meant that you should overlook all the other
j organs and merely look after the kidneys.
Your other orpins may need attention— but your kidneys
most, because they do most.
If you arc sick, do not neglect your kidneys, because a-* soon
as they are well they will he.p all the other organs to health.
The mild and Immediate effort of Dr. ' tentlon.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kid- ■wamp-H I- the «rr»at discovery
n.y remedy, is soon realized. It stands of the eminent kidney specialist. Dr.
the highest for Its wonderful cures of SSlS" *"* r ""'f ! VMnfi" 5^''
I pltal% recommended by skillful physl-
the most distressing cases. Swamp. , c , an , n the|r pr , vnte practlce# nnd ,„
Root will aei your whole system right. | taken by doctors Itnin— who hav*
and the best proof of this is a trial. kidney ailment*, because Ibsf recog-
You may have a sample bottle of this n \ Mt | n u the latest and most nui-
famous kidney remedy sent free by r f»» s ful remedy for kidney and bladder
: mail post] by which you may tesi troubles that science ha« ever been ab!«
Its virtues for such disorders as kid- to compound.
ney. bladder and uric acid diseases, and if you havo the slightest nymptnm*
urinary troubles, obliged to pass water o f kidney or bladder trouble, or if there
frequently night and day. smarting oa is a trace of it in your family history.
Irritation In passing, brickdust or sedl- send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blnjj-
ment in th.-» urine, constant headache, hamton, N Y.. who will gladly send
backache, lame back, dlsstness, sleep- you by mail immediately, without cost
lepsness, indlcestton, nenrousness, ir- to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
repular heart beating, skin trouble, land a book COOtalntag many of th»
Bripht's disease, neuralgia, rheuma- thousands upon thousands of tcstlmo-
tism. bloating, irritability, worn-out nlal letters received from sufferers
feeling, lack of ambition, loss of flesh, cured. He sure to say that you reaa
sallow complexion. this generous offer in the San Franclsct.
If your water, when allowed to re- Daily Call.
, main undisturbed In a glass or bottle Swamp-Root Is for sale the worll
I for twenty-four hours, forms a sedl- over at dru<rist«« in bottles of two slzr.i
ment or settling or has a cloudy ap- and two prices— SO cents and SI. Ile-
pearance, it is evidence that your kla- member the name, Swamp-Root, and
neyi and bladder need Immediate a:- libs address. BJnghamton. N T.
CASTRO ADVANCES TO
ATTACK HERNANDEZ
Venezuelan Insurgent Dynamites a
Bridge to Retard the Dictator's
March.
CARACAS. Nov. 27.— Oneral Castro I' lt
here to-day for Valencia, where he has
assembled about IBM m»-n to attack Gen
eral Hernandez, He will return imme
diately, leaving General Plerrie ii com
mand. General Hernandez has dynamited
a bridge .in thf» German railroad so as to
retard General Castro's advance.
Peru's Ministry May Resign.
LIMA, t'eru. Ni.v 17.— Owtog to the at
titu<i«- nf Urn Cbamber <>f DcpaUaa, it n
POSSIMC thitt Urn Mlni-tr;. m.iy r>-^n!:
fßaM@L^ '* do;s not ta^ e a C ' ot hin2 expert to ■
|r/ §& (^ see the $10 worth in these suits and over- 1
H R feS coats. You can see as well as he can the 5
VAV A f£| value in theclothts — but perhaps they will M
look to you to be $15 suits and overcoats — j|
JH they do to most people, especially those who are not used H
H to buying clothing from us. Now are they $15 suits and ''A
3 overcoats? Yes and no. They are as good as many $15 n
:3 suits and overcoats on the market, but they are not as n
J good as our $15 suits an overcoats. V
•-{ We'll vouch for the $ 10.00 worth, anyway. ,3
% Money returned if yon want it; or d
I Suit kept in repair free for one year. |
S. N. WOOD & CO. I
I 718 Mnrket Street and v
I * Cor. Powell and Lddy. H
Some of the members of th» Ministry
were desirous of retiring when th« last
remains of the revolution were defeated
anil dispersed, but the people would not
agree to this. Th* situation, however, I<i
not quit satisfactory.
♦
Richards Engaged as Coach.
MILWAUKEE, Wls., Nov. 27.-An Even
ing Wisconsin special from Unclne say*:
The athletic council of the Wisconsin Uni
versity has, engaged John 8. Richards of
this city to roach next year's football
team. Richards was formerly captain »nd
fullback of the Wisconsin' eleven, having
made a famous record. He succeed* Phil
King, who retires to practice law.
Died of Heart Disease.
SAX JOSE. Not. T,.— Alfonse ••nun»,
a Mountain View win«»maker, was fi \md
dend In his bed this morning. An Inqortt
was held ;. n>\ a verdict of death (.-urn
heart dlva^e was nndered.
34
71/est
LAST WORK OF THE
BIG COLLEGE TEAMS
Stupendous Raliy at Berkeley and Another Ax
Episode -Stanford Students Get a
Wnt of Replevin.
ENTUfSTASM :Uat F'nged the air,
vrljd eCMtMM&CM of «-xultant youth and
untoM r.olj-o frotn »v>o collegians and
Interested fpecaunyß ctanted the
i^ual qu!*>t of the University of
i ..". :: ;u camjius yesterday afternoon
Into a veritable bedlam. It was the
occasion of a rally to the football
team tliat 1? scheduled to punish Stanford
en the Sixteenth and Folfom Ftrevt grid-
Iron next Thurpday.
Thf- practice ksisip was ret for I o'clock.
Ixmg before that time crowds of pvople
flocked to the bleachers, lilllng every seat
«xrtj>t the central portion of the stand,
which was reserved Fp<?o!ally for the
rooters^ collegians with ttro.its particu
larly adapted tv the omission of great
volumes of noise with the iea Ft possible
effort. Songs new Fung, college cries
were ululated over the lkld.und general
pandemonium reigned while the anxious
crowd* awaited the arrival <if the team.
■ l .-.■.<•] !iy the University military band
the team marched down the field. For a
full ten minutes the packed bleachers
ewayed with a poisc-ttreaklns; cn>wd try
ing to outdo itself In vucal demonstra
1 ■ .„ .
rHH CARDINAL AX IN
BERKELEY'S KEEPING
..ii»r.y tne
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
' ■
Af:«T the jinir-ii.-r* the crowd gathered
around th«> r«-<! ;i> trophy, ami Fr«-d l>..r
« IV. president of the Associated Student*
delivered himself of an extemporaneous
fpeech. "Hilly- Friend and other.- f.,1
1 .w<-d him In oratorical effort*, which
w«re confined to an exaltation of «-v.-rv
lililiK Which Ji.M.l a blue Jitld gold tillKO
•Jli- crc.wd then moved in a body to thy
rvninarium. Thr- Jarpe hall was * o on
packed t«. ov.Tn-.winK. student* hnnfflns
••n ever?' coticflvnliJe pl,-c» f apparatus
More fiKH-cli-making. recitative of the
Mirring incident!. through which the ax in
11k rhort-llvr-d career had passed With
r117?.fr 11 7?.f, II MM r ** rr , mo »y ll «••'« then transforre.l
to M ilMam I»rum. track captain, and be Is
lK,w custodian of the rr-d-palnted hewer
Htm the fun did not end here. F.irlv
In the evening the little university town
"• thrown Into a r. v, r of exeftemrat
..vor the attempt of Rome Stanford m n
to recover the monster cardinal ax. Wh !e
Hie attempt proved i:) , .fj^tual it was t c
n.'-n Mirrlnc tlm- whJch the contention
over the red troj.hy has yet provoked *-
vert.'itlfV collfKiun! ' of T '" : lwo rival uni
#»?i P I^ i 'f£Li la * n nr * li! e h1 V 'nfllpnant ovor
the tmthod* rnrsucd by tlie on
tht3s!i.Pt» to recover the captured weapon
From the various expressions whirl, are
lje'riß given her- and there it is quite evl
dent that «»"• of the line and
T. d look upon the cardinal tactics as any.
thin* tat lining to colics* men. and th.ir
<slsT>oFltlon toward their sisier university
if by no me.-m!" Improved in <-nnseq U ence
The cxcltenvnt over Hie affair was p r »»l
clpltated shortly after « o'clock this ev<-n
Ing. when a teie;>h«ihr mesxage fnun O-iic
land announced that the Sheriff of Al"I
ineda OOUniy ha>l U-fn Klveti a Hfarch
warrant to i^-nln po^es'ion of the a*
from :he Berkeley Ftudent« by virtue of
law and that he was on his wav to the
university town to execute th- <» rlt Jsk-io]
trcm riulibouse to clubhouse «nd fr..in
one bpardlnp place to another the renr.rt
Pl>rer,d. Borne one dischar^-d a run three
times rapidly in succession, and soon the
rldewa.ks were throtißcd with collee,. n ,"n
hurrysr.jf to and fro. They all mnde for
the <:omnerrjal Hank. r,n BhaUodl ay".
live. where it wn« mppoM-d the HX had
been Mored and where the Sheriff wn« ci'
Tweeted to appear shortly.
Hut no Sheriff or Sheriff** deputy Put
Sn iLti npi>ea ranee. Finally "Hlllv" Vim.
thin year s track captain and newly an
pointed etisurtian of the ax. told the
crowd that the Mr blade was o.utt« j*afe
ii nd even Fhouid the Sheriff app.ar with a
s'-arrh warrant th* ax could never >.o
round. Wherever It* hMlnp place mleht
be th« students felt a retired that no
fM»arch warrant could ■ ■OCcmfuUjr un
earth the thing and that try as they
xvould «• ofTJcers of the law would find
th«»!r hunt tipeleps.
Satisfied with this the. crowd difipenwrl
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
Sporting Events From All Over the World.
| and the excitement quieted down. The
> whereabouts of the ax is now unknown
; lava to it* custodian ajid there It will
i rest ■ until the occasion of another rally
| chuws it to be brought from its hiding
place.
From the police authorities the follow
j Ing information was gmherrd as to Stan
ford's attempt to recover the cause 01
contention: Yesterday some cardinal en
j thunhists applied for a writ of replevin
which vas granted to them. By come
mistake ,the writ was made out to be
executed by the Sheriff of San Francisco
I County. m that when the Stanford men
I broupht their document over to the Ala
meda County side Its lettering was found
| to be. ■ucb that no official save some one
deputed by the Sheriff of San Francisco
could legally exc-ute It. Foiled in their
, tlrst attempt the Stanford men returned
I .to San FriJielsco to have the document
j altered. They werv expected to return
I to Oakland with it some time last night
| Irut it is doubtful if the Alameda County
t authorities are prepared to undertake a
t mlJnipht rrJd. The writ may be In its
proper legal form by this morning, but
by that timo the big cardinal weapon
will be out of danger. '
' The team whlrh lined up yesterday on
j tl** California gridiron Is the pick for the
| Thanksgiving game. It is: Cornish, ren
! ter: Greisben? and At hern. guards;
I I'rlnjrle. and Whipple. tuejtles: Wombie
I nnd :.l). ends; Hopper, quarter: Hall and
i Smith, halves: Kaarsberg. full. Twenty
minutes of. hard plaj netted th« Varsity
thro«« tmichdnwns. TW> defense was par
ticularly goo<l. but on the offensive the '
i work was not as fast as the coaches ex- !
pectod it world l>e. rabarjf. Hall and i
Wombie distlp^ulshexl themselves by long
end runs: Nothing but straight football
was atte,mp:<-l and klck,"» were resorted to
only when necessary. Toward the close I
of the >r:une K.Marsberg; wns slightly in- '
Jured. noce-.-It:ulng his wlthdrnwal "from
the play. His Injuries are slight, how- '
ever, and l.i will appear in practice to
day. The_ lnrt pnictfbe nm« before •th'»
Thanksgiving oontest will "be l:eld this :
afternoon at 4 o'clock.. Only minute
halves will N> played. On Wednesday J
k night Coach«ff Coohran and Chamberlain
will meet In tlie Palace to agree upon an
Interpretation of the rulesj
STANFORD RESTING.
DEL MONTE, Nov. 2."..— T0-day a solid
siege of drill In flgn.al formations, back
field catching and general details with
never a sign of scrimmage; to-morrow
and early Wednesday morning a repetition
of the above.
So the rouph work of preparation may
lx» paid to t>e over and Stanford's eleven
of '39 stands hewed from the one hundred
candidates of Snjrtrmbor. Officially the
line-up of Thursday remains a pecret. but
perhaps the following statement "as to the
personnel may not greatly mjss the mark:
Freshman \ap, an apcTe.«!«ivo. wUlinjr and
pturdy player of I£s pounds stripped
w.ij;ht. is certainly the choice for renter.
Kd «.iilman 01. a man <>? splendid natural
characteristics, but th«: victim of a series
of injuries < ictenilinp over two eeason?.
will probably be found at right guard.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND HACETRACK. Monday, November 27, 1899.—Forty
third day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
cloudy. Track slow.
JOS. A. Ml'ltPHY- Prenldlng Judge. J. B. FRKOUPOX—
Q"Tft FIRST RACE— Five fur!..ipsi; selling; maiden two-year-olds ; pan* J330.
Index. Ht»Ts<». Wrt*ht. St. >4m. Hm. %tn. Str. Fin. [ Jockey: Op.^Cl!
316 TU-na. 107 S ... 14 ... i* 16 BUlr ' 5 i
... Irf-lrr-iK IOC! 2 ... II ... 2 1 2h IHulloian 5-2 7-2
ZlMca 105 7 ... 6 1 ... 3 h 3h D. McCarty... 15 CO
3W Will Fay IV,\ I ... I h ... 6 1 4i- Ivittltoe ...... « in
3»" Urttt MI > ... 7h ... 41 :> 4 :Morse 20 TO
... Iflßi « ... 6 3 ... (! 2 6 4 Henry .... 12 10
SIO El Ilriioso 1061 3 ... 4 1 ... 7 H 7 1 11. Inton II SO
ZXX lim.iU.tt*> 105! 5 ... 5 4 ... Si, si Roncer .... 3-2 3-*>
... Hilo 10S 1 • ... S3 ... 10 3 9 I 'Glover 33 D)
... Vantlne in 1 ... 114 ... 11 19 6 B. JoO«l... 10 IS
... Maid of the H!Mn...ICG 11 ... 10 I 1)I 1 ) ... 9 2 II Itayner ..... 30 76
ZM l'r»nk Kuhry 106,12 . I- 12 12 Postel ......... 8 10
LJVt: H. :.": N 1 !>tart ex.r;.t Kuhry. Won easily. Second and
••r. Partlt:* •■--'Ik. by Pur\«ar I>-HtralKlit Tip
• l improve, wni i\iv «rtll bear wafnlnz
Illtlouette aevec overburdened with speed. FVunk Kuhry left
■-' • MlMim 100.
**TT FECONI> RACK— MI furlong; thn*e-y«*ar-olds and upward; purse, MM,
Ind«. Hnrs*. Agp. Wright. |St. lira. 3im. Km. Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CX
... Tlm^mak^r, 4 112! » ... C 3 Ih 2H 14 T. Burnt ~4 5
(BOMiyW.J 109 5 ... 3h 2S 11 2h iVlttltoe ... 2-5 |.|
3T3 ltrjK.rmon<l«'. 4 \W\ 2 ... 4h r. t, J2 36 Bpenccr .... :-" : 1
... Hlst'T AHo*. 4 10> I ... »i 4IH 4 2 «M B. Jonea .....! 50 M
... Ft. Isldor. 3 101 ! t. ... « C 1 -•..■■.. 100 i<n
T4 M.fada. < 187! 4 1 H 1H It « M ,-. ......: 30 \V>
Tlme-v;. ::S: H. :«»: *i. UU\. ■<-■''■ utart. Won flmt thre« drl\inK. Winner J F
Fcborr'i" h. h.. by Imp. K.int&ka-N>llle Stanley.
Mny W MM have won; VltUtoe kept her In the deep pninsr. RoMrmooda would have
wen nt a longer route. SIMt Alloe showed to be a fast one. Mafada tried to run out In
ftrntrh.
070 THIIU' RACE— Five furlong; falling: maiden two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Ind-x. Horr*. Wright. U. -jm. Hm. Km. Etr. Fin. j Jockey.. (^"'cT!
!» 2"" I**1 ** •• J*i"? ... II I! *"* i~n7lT. Burns I 6-2 13-5
340 Tom SliarVry 107] l ... II 2 2 2 3 2 2 «-.n!.-v « 12
... II. n! ... l > rlnrfiM....lW ! 6 ... «2 r. 1.4 r. 3 |10 Si- "" ' c o
SO Atflop n.V * ■•• 6 2 414 8 4 41.. iHowltt " 115 m
Ml Mln Vm WAt ... 4 h C? 6 1 f, 4 'Thorp- 0 3
ISS IW rhrrry 1«| 5 ... 3h 3 1 4 1 6 2 Mow.". * \
r.J Pawir Tounit 10S! 7 ... 7 7 7 7 Illylynd S «» *
■ ■ < r0r.....£;ri05 IWt ... ... ... IS: JonV,V.V.V.: I 9»
Time i, :13»;: H. :XTU: H. I:WH. Oood «tart. Won first three . driving Winner ~J
XarW Burk'i br. f.. by Imp. Foul Shot-Rosette. B " dinner. J.
Winner rtaKKered In. Hindoo Princess will win shortly. Morse took Red Cherry har-v
when there wai- no oecanlon for It. Caesar Young away badly, and then had no speed
Semtrned — Mis* J.T'mt'mi 155.
379» *••'' HT » RACE-Two miles; B*lltn*; ttaree-yoar-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Tn<W. Hor»». Age. Weight. St. Im. l%m. l*rn. Btr. Pin. Jockey.. Op"'™!
3*5 Heoiia. i 107 I lh !H 2~U si 1 n nuilman Tr *
2 4 m 43 I>4 2h M™ 1 I
» Ftromo. S 107 4 5 IS 11 , 4 34 Th'.n"" 3 2
CM Umo. 5 107! I 4 3 4 1 14 4 3 44 T Hum* B *
34S T»nrl^ 4. 107 1 H I S ,5 I JMackll? I".:" 5 6
Time— Mile, 1:«H; lUm, 2:19: Vim. 2:45: iMm 1:11: 2m. ll». r.ood etnrt WOT fl™»
three drtvlni:. Winner. I- S. Fountain", b. m .. by r^lan-Molll- or """""t
neotia wa« »*«t^n then came •*"*'• *" ridden with U-Ft judgment last part Me
rir*Vv rarrl.-d i«ut by Htrorno. w
w — — — .
380. FIrTH RACK -° n * «ne: «*llin«; three-rear-oldt and upward: purw. |300.
»— » Horw. A «>. Weight. St. »4m. Hm, %m. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. O^'ci!
US HI Enm. X 10S ~i 1~4 t~l Ti Hi 1 h Roncer s Ti
JT4 Kavrrxham. 1 1W 112 11 J2 J23J Tho^ RK »^
361 »W4r.wiliorp». 6....J12 4 4H Ih { I it T Zni""""" 1 H
Winner E. J. Baldwin^ br. f.. by Imp. OirsterflHd-La Clenira. • a in *'
Tom Calvm fhouM h«v» wore*: BptoMr saved no cround with htm- he woji cut off
wSdoVt^T. SK?? r^ hWl b "' de "- p » v "» h *™ "tew*- Not muddy e^ouKh f|,r
Srratrli«l-. 4 Schll!»T 10?. Dr. Urrnays IIS. ;
I — .
3Sl* MX ™ RA( 88 ' v<^ furlong*; •Mlln*: three-year-olds and upward; purse, $3M.
Index. '""■• Age. Wrt»ht.|st. !lm. H m. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jock . jojfg:
LI 5 :::::::: dl 51 !f«! f « ,4L, 4 L ?? i*t "-s" % « «
(») Gauntlet: 1.../. in 2 5 JJ, if JJ* I * |J* 2 uU .™JJ. < »
l r t.r:.::"i 4s4 s h 47h4 7 h «| *\ \\ '<, » S
'Coupled with ColonM Root. "" ~ —
p^2«r. saris a-i^s. — •» ■«• ***
IK^raSSTw? 1 CaU Ul, Sklnnlrti I<M< Alaeka JM. T^mpo 10! ' Jockey Bill 99. Rlcanlo
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1899.
CLEVER AMATEURS
WILL BOX TO-NIGHT
GEORGE BAKER.
FEATHER-WEIGHTS WILL BATTLE FOR CHAMPIONSHIP
THERE will b? lively times at the San Francisco Athletic Club to-night
Eight hard-hitting amateur boxors will be pitted against each other
I Judging by i I the lads scheduled to enter the
line, to: rid battles will surely result. The piece d« resistance, or, as
"Hilly" Jordan would aptly put it, "Thf event of the evening." wiu'furnlsh
• J ie the mont rabid follower of the iistir- game
"Billy" Martin of Los Antreles and Qeorge Baker of Salt Lake will meet and
• ■ .-r-w.-iKht amateur championship of the coast As both men
are hard hitters, it is confidently believed that the bout will not so the limit,
which is t< n rounds.
Baker cornea to this city with a fine record of honors won with his fists,
from i.— Angeles in the h<.p.. of carrying back to the
bell the iaureli Baker •■ from Da £oursey some monthi ago.
Martin baa one draw, four knock-outs and three dedsiona to bia credit He
• men of th.- southern pnrt of the B1
to win furth.-r boson north <>f the Tehacbapi. Hoth men have been train-
Iduouaiy and will enter the ring in a condition to make a fast il^ht
Th.- other bouts alao give t r being Interesting. l<uiis R| (
will meet "Jack" IfcConnack at UO pounds; "KM" Johnson wfh box eight
- with Tom Herman of D. nver, and Charles Fredericks is pro
gramn elghi rounds with Ed Nolan at 1M pounds.
The popularlt] of the monthly .\ , nnder the auspices of the
Pan *~ r ■ Athletic Club la m great that its gymnasium is inadequate to
larg« number of burtnesa a:.u professional men who are to
• re at every fistic exhibit] m.
Columbia Athletic Club baa m itched James Ryan of Montana to fight
rharh-s Vld winner of the main event at the opening exhibition of
that club. will take place on the evening of December 7 and the
lads win fit' • • pounds. Jurk Morse and Eugene Fulda will meet Hie
Kani>- evening at ITS pounds, as will also Charles Thurston and Joe Long at
H7 j>ounds.
r.tirnett. new in the poMton and Just gnln
!:■? his wondeifulejitrengtb of •*: which the
Philippine cam pal r - I from his
holda the right
McPadden, who play< ■ fl intll ac
• I k<-pt him OU| Of the game, stands
as nrst choice in his position at right
"BILLY" MARTIN.
I end. while Arthur Rice is. on close (lpr-
Inc. tho must valuable man for the left
end. De Forest and Traeger. another
man, form ;i very strong left
and ■ • blnatton. a- umlng Mur
phy out of It. Raltt, th<- fr- nhman captain
will undoubt.-.lly be chosi . mnt of
I clever back Held ability, the particularly
■Jrongfort, of th< Injured captain. Smith
"■< iiml PI - halves be
yond question. Boren, a W pound player
of seeming lethargy, but rest in i
■ Ided kif-klnK ability and heads the
list of available full b ickvs. '1 I
Mty llni'-l up t.i-d.iy in practice. i'aJrns
llroan, Parker alternating
with McFadden at rljtht end. the latter
then display Ing Rloe on the left and Krb
and t* : Iph working later ut quarter and
full I-ack.
-tlnn of •very hour is the oon
ditlon of that Injured side of Captain
"Chef Murphy, already deprived of two
weeks of work with his team. To-mor
row afteni'K.n. i:: full football togs with
toe torn « artu led in
armor, he will •
The Murphy ol for m is wortli
points to any team, and his appi
n Thursilav In play-
Ing - tal.
l Ddei .t manifest Improvement this last
week, th.' comparative strength of this
team of •;-:• I- stlU ■Hfflruit to determine
i omposed of men green in experience, 'n
veterans of an
odds-on victors of a year ago there Is
lence of s*..iirt rugged
nesa, some added snap In action and a
deal of crit ai Btanford Its
BPlrit, all of which \* no glittering gener
i allzutlon. but ll • of fact. A li.n-1
uphill bat i . this eleven of the
cardinal. They know it and are ready for
the day.
Man for man, the Stanford eleven would
probably suffer ■ ■
with Berki Excepting Hurnitt
and Murphy, they are practically uutn.il.
There will be no fall basis until aft.r the
iking generally, th. • -
■ I that Stanford
will place an in r stronger t< am
on the Held than that of 1..-- veai scarce
ly hoping for victory, but loth to concede
an overwhelming d
J. l BHEBRAN JR.
A SCORE OF
WINNERS IN
THE STAKE
Speedy Dogs Lntered fcr the
i hanksgiving Day
Events.
One of tho best forty-eight dot? stakes
ever drawn by the Union Coursing Park
will be run off on Thanksgiving day.
Great Interest will attach to its results by
reason of the fact that nearly half the
dORs entered are stake-winners. Eighty
dogs were offered at the draw last night,
but the management could only accept
forty-eight, as the stake must be finished
In one day.
The usual Wednesday or midweek races
TL ll no i^ be ru £ off thls w " '* because of
the holiday. The park management has
therefore presented a card to the followers
of the popular sport which will undoubt
fh! y « meet their approval. The winner of
the stako is to receive $100; the runner-up
!«» •ho next three *2° each; the next
seven i 1i 12 v, W each, and the next fourteen
£n7 L !i, KllK 11 honor ° th " ll; " r turkey
1 b/' '.^ C ? d and the Programme
will be printed in "turkey-red." The
fl ßt run-down will hi . finished shortly
after the noon hour. The regular wWWklv
■take win be drawn In Pythian CuftiL
Thanksrlvln* evening. *, n «l V •
, : m "r S ;', il> ', n ' Xlt 'w aS haS h<r:l tlle PU»
i'-'"v im'r s s thy rfsult uf !ast "iehfs
nJri ? « rikß HMil. nB v day r. or J' a stak*-Bartel Bros.'
Bros' Daley & Sclben" Kh'i^k Uoy
N-u^H^n;, , h^« OKftSl.s
WA" ST'". !e: TTT T - J - Cronos Tho^hHi
-astor : . La,, C ?, lt " Iy " Byron: E. 8 Ml "-
Pmlth s Ma; Irw:n & °»>lant vs. Hanily &
r?rti.» *, : • n & Lyon'i Slay <juoen vs.
host Af» U r^"v Va^ lty Falr = I'«»ha K>nn.|»'
Mnl/nJj 1 Curtis & Son-s MeKlnley;
I!iiwk"r v- l' i r PP ' st: **> * Tranf.
BojTnrrs Till v" »Od«I«rl»; CharlM
SaThTco^! Nora . V^ov\4V ■ 8
Snrah; Cgniwll Bro*' f.. X Boy « i' t
mm? i .'> r' 11 1 1 ' (nnmrs) Walt A little;
Firm F^.inT 1 t" , at '■"'" iv v «' l '-' uh * Kennels'
rurt«xTt£ d A 2 * I'>' Pa'«I '>'P a '« Silver Lion vs.
L>. Cnellln a uoldcn Russet.
TIMEMAKER
FOOLED THE
SMART ONES
Vittitoc on May W Outridden
by Burns Astride the
Schorr Horse.
V a superior exhi
bition of poor Judn
mfnt "Tenti'
Vittltoe managed
to gtt May \V
beaten by Time
maker at Oakland
yesterday. Not that
the Schorr t
cannot repeat the
trick, but he should
not have accom
plished the ft-at In
this particular
race. It was Time
maker's initial bow
to the California public and 5 to 1 was laid
about him, while the Calgary mare ruled
a sizzling hot 1 to 2 favorite. In the
breakaway from the barrier Vlttitoe got
his mount away none too well and rated
her (or was compelled to, ' for he got
pocketed) to the stretch. Here he shook
on! Burns, on the Schorr entry, but in
stead of pulling out of the heavy going
next the rail, stayed there, and when
Tlmemaker put in his final bid Don Cam
eron's mare tossed it up and was beaten
out half a length. Rosormonde closed
very fust, and had the distance been half
a furlong further would undoubtedly have
luis-std both of the leaders.
It \NiUi another day of fiercely contested
finishes, with several disastrous dumps
for the talent. The riders all displayed
great eagerness to reach the wire llrst.
and as a consequence considerable bump
ing and jostling were indulged in. Gravita
and Reolia were the only two successful
favorites.
The sensation of the afternoon was fur
nished by Merry Hoy, Which defeated a
bunch of fast ones in the Anal seven-fur
long run, at odds of 20 to 1. He was rid
den by Henry, and while OHuthuh and
the favorite, Gauntlet, were engaging In
a bumping match the outsider won by a
head from the former horse. Dr. Kern
hula, the second choice, probably a trill*
short, finished a good fourth.
A nerve-trying 'ordeal marked the finish
of the two-mile selling run. Heolla, Billy
McCloskey and Stronio passing the judges
heads apart. The first named mare
showed rare gameness. besides getting an
excellent ride. Looking beaten half a mile
from the stand she answered Bullman's
call, pulling the acorn from out the coals.
Many were Inclined to think Thorpe took
Btromo too far out of the running and
then closed on the leaders too rapidly
when making his move. At best Stromo
is no wonder, and with different handling
might not nave been in the money.
Tizona, with 8 to 1 against his chances,
showed the way to the wire In the first
Brent, a five-furlong scramble for maidt-n
two-year-olds. Leipzig. from Barney
Bohrelber*a stable, took the place by a
head from Zlska.
The second edition of this same race
went to J. NagW Burk's filly Gravita.
with Burns up. She was very groggy at
the wire, Just lasting long enough to nose
out Tom Bharkey, with Conley In the cad
die. Hindoo Princess ran third.
"Lucky" Baldwin's colors were carried
to the front by El Bistro in the mile sell-
Ing run, fifth to be decided. The mare had
second call In the ring, and driving hard
led the outsider. Tom Calvert. out a head.
The favorite, Favcrsham. tired nearing
the stand, taking third place.
Track Notes.
E. Ross, the very clever Middle Western
rider, viewed the races from the ground
yesterday. He is getting down to riding
weight by hicycle work and may be seen
in the saddle this afternoon.
Strongnll ran away two miles at the
track yesterday forenoon, ending up his
fun by turning a somersault over the
fence at the lirst turn.
Bmanuel Morris, the one-time crack col
ored rider, is in California again and win
■bortly be seen in the saddle once more.
K.rr.' four ><;irti ago Morris shot and
killed a colored stable attache over an
argument in a cr:.p R;inv at Etoby, and
• il to a Urns" term in th.» peni
tentiary. Sum.' time nKo he was pai
and now says be tins done with the cup
that Inebrial
Notwithstanding: tho desire of Miss Elsa
Ryan, the pilot of Queen Bess In "Old
Kentucky." to ride in a real race. Presi
dent Williams of the California Jockey
Club said yesterday "he could not grant
the lest." Accidents are too liable to
happen.
Twenty-five youngsters from Antrim
stock farm were sold at Occidental Horse
Exchange last evening, realising $3400. an
average of $13(5 per head. The prices ob
tained were as follows: Ch. c. by Herald-
Dorothy IV. $30. W. Shields; b. f. by Her
sld-Elleena, POO, B. Holman; br. c. by
Not a Pain,
■h ' ' jßs^Not an Ache.
<i^^^^iv Good nerves good digestion, a clear brain
|<&^ , ''jfflfi^Bk an^ a world of ambition to carry you on to sue-
SB§i|{ , .'^ iX&Bt&k cess in life - These are the results of pumping a
f- ;: ' k ''^S^i '■>* : '*'%^&Bms' stream of electricity into your body while you
■iß^l^^^^Sy^ sleep at night. You can get them if you will
PPF Dr. McLaughlin's
V v In if v , ••
Mi Electric Belt
|[ ! \ffi Have you heard the shouts of joy which have come
[: ¥M, from the users of this modern wonder-worker ? Have
rr — • , V- / \ if • you listened to the happy testimonials which have come
r =^ = \^ : %JI from those who have been cured by it ? Your neighbors
< §gg r ra Bf ■:?:• ..: are using it and praising it for curing them after all else
~-=^-f£*\ MI had failed.
sw>^^^«^^ It is as good for women as for men. and cures Ncr-
———————— — »»— ■— ■■ vousr)ess. Indigestion. Pains iq Bad; and Limbs. Weak
Kidneys. Storr>ach and Liver Troubles, Rheumatism
Lumbago and Kidney Pains. etc.. by renewing the strength in all weak, parts.
12 Fremont St., SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.. r\ ' ii i ... , ci . • DIA . ,\ .
October? mm Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt is the best electric
V l'Jr' £e£? A £V lvx ~l~ l , bod appliance on earth. It has all the improvements
War Doctor: Before using your famous i / • / . . . " ' w vc »nentS
treatment i was very ne nO us and unable to known to science, a perfect regulator and no burning or
I I'J'-ep and suffered greatly from lumbaco and blistering
kidney trouble. Within six days of wearing °"
your Electric Pelt I began to Improve, until PHnP T 1 B~^ £• T* C oil nn A Zm*U ~a i ,
to-day lam able to report myself cured and FI? F P TEST -C AU a " d S^ !t a " d test lt
entirely free from all my ailments. lam more '.* ■V*-' «-» ■ ..*-*«^ ■ • YQU Will then See ho\V Wftn '
wun/^rr x^r VeuT-myTfe an J derfully it does its work. If you cannot call, send for my"
owe this to your wonderful neit. win, i take illustrated book — full information and prices sent fr*/
pleasure In recommending to all who suffer as V UCe
I did. Yours very sratefully. tii^ e DR< y L McLADGHLIN, 702 *» rk ** 8 » ««r K-triiT SJ.j
wmttraaiM DX, ffl. A. JICLAIJuiiLIN, EJV^.~.%gg LL
i^——^—^— — L... | 1 °< flc « hours-8 a.tn. to 8:30 p.m.; |^«J^ »to L NEVER SOLD IS DIIUQ-
I Herald-Nellie K. $150, E. G. McConnell: b.
f. by imp. Calvndos-Lydia t>. IK, D. Me-
Carty; b. t. by Rio Bravo-Catherlne B.
JIOO. S. Holman; bk. f. by Herald-Vlrjean.
$100. J. Marker; eh. c. by RlO Bravo-Ka
trlnka, $60. D. McCarty; b. f. by Rio
Bravo-Rosa Bella. $70. D, McCarty; b. c.
by imp. Piccolo-Rlllito. $310, W. L. Stan-
Held: b. f. by Calvados-Amanda. $45, 0?*
McCarty; b. c by H. ral.l-Rcsella. $130. Al
Prey; br. c by Herald-Carrie Dare. $160, '
W. L. Ht-nfleld; b. f. by Herald-Rill. 1225,
George Miller: b. c. by Rio Bravo-Ona, ;
nw, J. Green: b. f. by Herald-Santa Rosa,
%m, \\. J. O'Connor; b. f. by Herald-Jo
hanna, $100. S. Holman; oh. c. by Rio
Bravp-Juanlta: $lOJ. w. 1.. Stanflcld': b. f.
by Rio Bravo-LJna, $175. "Daggle" Smith:
lib-, A- by Calvados-Audacity, $40, W.
Shields: b. f. by Rio Bravo-Brook. $120.
!"r:_ F - r )nrnp ': rh. f. by Rio Bravo-Irene.
g75. C. Kerr: b. f. by Imp. Piccolo-Snow
Flake 11. $300, M. Storn; eh. f. by Rio
Bravo-Senora, $130. J. Folev: eh. f. by
Herald-Foreal Maid, $110. J. 11. Rodgcr»:
\>J- c. by Calvados-Maria 11. $30. P. E.
Smith.
Tlzona, which captured the opening !
sprint from a big field, was bred at Napa
stock farm, as was Ziska, the show horse
In the same race. The annual crop of
y«'anin«R from this extensive breeding es
tablishment will be sold at Occidental
Horse Kxchange on the evening of De
cember 14.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; three-rear-oldi •
purse.
363 San Au(rustlne..lOS| 234 Xoma m '.
... Owyhee 11', ... Vlnetora .V*
•••Zurich 108 23? Altura* IKJ
3«S Flamaway 113 ...DM Rio... 1U
325T1rn.1e 116 M White Fern MS
... St. Apol!lnarls..li:l Jts Florence Fink 111 I
... Delecta 112 864 Fu*a 1M
M vmnmn IDS) 367 Tnurl»t II . 11'
3<:4 The OfTertnif....ii: 36« Mldla .'loo
Second race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and upward; selling.
... Gotobed 1071 334 Ostler Joe US
3G7 Ringmaster ....MSI 350 Dr. Bernays....lCO
Third race— Seven furlongs: three-year-olds:
selling;
369 Lothian 114 3<>o Faversham 117
f 3 Mm 10? 3C3 Montanus 11*
Ol9>Panamlnt 117 ... Ed Lanlgan 107
374 Varuba 114
Fourth race— Futurity course; two-year-olds;
selling.
372 Florldan Ml 294 Mldlty If*
...Tar Hill 110 <S2S)Deeoy w
M Summer 1031 3M Daniel mi
215 Strel Diamond.. lo3! 3f.fi Champion Jloee.lfll
371 Allenna Wi 371 Dunblane . 108
... Mont Eagle If.* ... Antolnetta 101
Fifth race— Mile an.l a quarter; four-year
olds and upward; selling.
281 Lovdal SOI m Den Luis •<
(33o)Forte S:!(27S)Opponent SO
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs ; three
year-olds and upward; purse.
(3i's)Pat Morrlssey..li3 ..Sin Mateo 114
34* King Carnival. .ll7 ... Ventoro ir»
(SGO)Mlss Marlon. ...ill 3" San Venado 117
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Flamaway, Fun, The Offering.
Second race— Dr. Bernays, Gotobed, Ostler
Joe.
Third race— Panamlnt. Faveriham. Montanus.
Fourth race— Mldlty. Dunblane. A Henna.
Fifth race— Forte, Ixv.'al. Opponent.
Sixth race— Miss Marlon. Pat Morriesey
King Carnival.
•» ♦ ■
BILLIARD TOURNAMENT
AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
During the raw week the billiard-room
of the Olympic Club has been crowded
with devotees of the fascinating game be
cause of the tournament which Is now
under way. The click of Ivories and the
subdued comments on the shots made by
the contestants are all that Is heard In th.*
rooms. A suppressed feeling of excite
ment hovers over the room; as the tour
nament Is in Its tlnal stages.
The hundred or more contestants are
dlv ! cl 'i into three classes, according to
their skill with cue and ball. The experts
are In the first clan*, while the averago
players are In the next class, and those
who fa , U below tne average are In the
third class. The standard of play Is so
high at the club that the members of tho
third class would be considered good play
ers. The winner of the first clasß will re
ceive a trophy, and the leaders In the
second and third classes will each receive
trophies valued at $23 and $15, respect
ively.
Pockwitz now leads the second clars
with four games won out of five, and Fred
Moore and "Billy"' Ward are tied for sec
ond place, with three games won out of
five. In the class are the following mem
bers:
Edwin Smith. George Pope. George
Roos. "William Woods. Alfred Grant Fritz
Wepner, Al Hampton. A. Bewell, J. Mc-
Carthy. Fred Moore. Fred Greenlee. Leo
Pockwitz. Robert McGibbon and Julius
WlUigrod.
W. I). Shea has a "lead pipe cinch" In
the third claM, having lost but one of
seven game* played. J. H. Lewis and
Jack Daniels are tied for second place,
<•::< having won five out of seven games
played. The members of the third class
are: J. A. McGregor. W. D. Shea. 11.
Herbert. G. H. Knell. 11. Barron, J. JI.
Harrison. B. E. M ••. N. A. Ilewson. J.
11. Lewis and Jack Daniels.
Sash
SIX-DAY
RACE WON
BY REPINE
Adds Eighty-Seven M'lcs to
the Previous Forty-Eight-
Hour Record
Special Di»patch to The Call.
KANSAS CXTT, Mo.. Nov. 27.-Bert Re
pine of Nashville. Tcnn., won the fort
eight hour bicycle race that began in Con
vention Hall on Tuesdru- afternoon of last
week. and. in winning the race, estab
lished a new record for forty-eight hours.
The distance overed. "■»! 1-3 miles. Is
87 1-6 miles better than the previous record
for a similar contest. Charles W. Miller
of Chicago. the heretofore unbeaten
champion of endurance races, made a de
termlneu effort to maintain his suprem
acy, but a* series of accidents on the track
—a punctured tire, a broken crank and
another mishap— caused him to lose
ground that he could not recover from the
lucky Repine and the equally lucky
Swede. Oscar Julius, who rode without
■lip or mishap. _ , .
Julius finished second to Repine, a lap
behind, and Miller finished a lap behind
tho Swede. Young Gus Lawson of Chi
cago, the 13-year-old boy. who rode for
forty hours with the leaders, withered
under the hot pace of the last day and
finished nix laps behind the leader. Bos
ton's "Flyln" Dutchman." Frank v aller.
was a bad fifth. Hnlahlnj; turee-quarters
of a mile behind Repine.
Six others of the eleven starters had
dropped out earlier in the race. John
Chapman of Atlanta and Oscar I'lummer
of Kansas City fell out after eight hours.
Fred Nelson of Chicago went out on the
second day and John Lawson •■: Chicago
fractured his collar-bono by a fall and re
tired, after having ridden 324 miles. Ed
Llngenfelder of Chicago and I- 11. Nleder
hofer of Minneapolis quit this afternoon,
after having covered over 600 railed and
earning a Bhare of the purse.
Interest to-day centered In Champion
Miller, who was counted to sprint and
gain In the final struggle the laps lost
through hard luck. II" did pprint and
recovered two laps early in the ufternoon.
Then, late at night, he gained another lap.
placing him on an equal footing with tho
leaders.
But there proved to be another sprinter
In the person of Repine. A brass band flo
ured In the struggle. After the riders hn«l
weathered a long sprint, without having
changed their positions, and were riding
easier, the band struck up "Dixie." The
effect upon the Southerner was electrlc.il.
His wheel shot to the front and before hU»
competitors were aware of It ho was a
long way ahead. The band continued and
Repine continued and before th* la*t
strains of "Dixie" had died away Itcplno
had gained a lap on his pretty well
winded followers. This lead he held to the
end.
Repine will realize $400 and several
prizes for this week's work. Julius gets
$£». Miller $150. Lawson $100. Waller $75,
Lingenfelder $50 and Nledcrhofer $U3. Tho
final score at '.'..;.". was:
_ . Miles. Lai
Repine jwil 4
Julius mi 3
Miller Mi 2
Lawson !*i> in
Waller kg ;
QUAIL TOR NEW ZEALAND.
American Game Birds Shipped by
Order of the Colonial Gov
•-• ernment.
The Commissioner of Forestry acJ.'ns
for the Government of New Zealand Is
going to stock the Government lands of
his colony with choice American g.imo
birds. The first consignment to go to
the land of the antipodes Is ilxty-threo
dozen of Kansas quail, which arrived In
this city yesterday and are at th< bird
storo of A. C. Roblson at 3.T* Kearny
street. They will be shipped by the Al
ameda. which leaves this port to-mor
row. The Kansas mall ar«» a smaller
species than our own California b'rda
but It Is said they are gamer and of a
higher flavor when placed on the break
fast plate.
Following this contingent will be sev
enty-two pairs of ruffled grouse, seventy
two pairs of prairie chickens and four
dozen of wood ducks, the whole to eorno
from Kansas.
It Is the Intention of th»» N>w Zealand
Government, should this their first con
signment of American birds do well to
keei> adding more game stock until 'th.»
entire Government lands shall be w»ll
stocked, when a distribution of ■■■ birds
will be made to sporting reserves.
The present stock will, however, be nm .
ple to propagate from provided the. cold
atmosphere of New Zealand agrees with
the consignment. This in part Is the rea
son why the Kansas birds were selected
instead of the California.
For More Sports See Fifth Page.LOCAL BOBBIES TAKE HELMETS OFF TO OAKLAND BLUECOATS
SAN5 AN FRANCISCO policemen have to take off their helments to Oakland bobbles when It comes
to shooting at a mark. The first time they learned that les?on was one cold, raw March
morning in UK. when the sharpshooters of the Oakland department "put It on" to Lieu- v
tenant Na.«h's pqujul from this side of the bay by a score of 423 to 409.* For more than
three yrars they carried the sting of this defeat, practicing assiduously till the time came
wlj.n th«y felt safe in meeting the men from the Oakland force. For "a few moments yes
terday it seemed to b« the day. Ten cf the crack shots of Captain Wittman's division went over
to Shell Mound Park to shoot rivets into a like number of Captain Peterson's coppers.
"1 don't «^j how we can lose." said Sergeant Helms, in charge of the team,* to Captain
Wlttman. "It's a pipe we. do 'em!"
Serg^ar.t H<»lms doesn't see it ret. at It happened by a score of 422 to 417. and San Fran
cisco wu on the short end. although there seemed to be some consolation In the fact that Oak
land* poore was rzr.al\*r than bofore. while San Francisco's was larger.
The d.*y was is nearly ; -feet as could be wished for such a contest. The light may have
been Just a little bit too gray for me, but It was steady, and better scores all around were
expected. The conditions cf the match were, ten shots each. Winchesters 44 73. modern 200-yard
range, ten men to a tide. Ueutenant Nash was Judge for the San Francisco team and Major
Ton-.pkins. ex-Chief of Police and present City Clerk of Oakland, acted in a similar capacity for
Captain Peterson's men. Colonel H. J. Burns, one of the famous experts of the State who headed
the celebrated Crtedmoor team of 1577. was referee. In addition to the teams contesting there was
a number of Invited guests. Including ex-Chief Fletcher. Chief Hodgklns and Captain Wilson of
Oakland and Captain •man of this city.
The Oakland marksmen, while not openly fearful of the outcome, did not betray during the
"- ------- ■-.--- ag-to-ta^fratoome^ef the nratca.—ln the language of the
>ree." their hands had been Jarred by a clever piece of strategy on the part of Sergeant
tcs. One day last week, while his men were at the range practicing, he caused to be made
* and "lost." so it could be found next day when the Oaklanders went to practice, a padded
<c. showing that Fan Francisco ad made In practice 443 out of a possible 500. Next day as
Wted, or.c of Captain Peterson's men found It and there was dismay in the Oakland camp.
,c of the fly cops professed to see through the deception, but not one of them but feared It
too true.
This feelinsr ctill lingered beneath the Oakland bluecoat after several of the San Francisco
had stepped op to phoot a couple of "sighters," as they call them. A "slghter" is a shot at
mark to slve the shooter the range. It does not count on the score.
HIS*, bang! zzrz! piff! shot the Frisco peelers on* after the other as they took their "sight
' the flairs o f tho target markers Indicating that the "bulls" from this side of the bay had
r eyes with th~m. The heart of Oakland sunk and San Francisco was all Jeers and smiles
** he actual contest began shortly after 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
In a very short time It began to appear as If something had happened to San Francisco.
Harry Hook was shooting about to his average and Fen nell, who followed him, was doing as
WEDDING ENDS
THE STORY OF
THEIR ROMANCE
Peculiar Occurrence
n Real Life.
TRUTH STRANGE AS FICTION
THOMAS F. ROWE AND HIS
DIVORCED WIFE REMARRY.
Justice of the Peace Barry For
k a Play to Enact a
Part yi Another
Drama.
Truth > often as strai:ge i* flcUoa. and j
ti.e coincidences of rtai life are. In many ,
c-a^es. us tir^ige and dramatic as any- [
•v..:.f. conceived by the novelist or dram- i
fized by the x>iayright. This was demon- j
f.rated last night in a manner that j
brought the truth of the platitude homo j
b* Btroagly as anything possibly could.
The auiilence wbjch gathered at the
C'ailforiia. is»ht c-vei^ntf to wiu;«*s the play
cf "The Sporting Duchess." and who
»> xnpjoiiiied with the sorrows of th« |
woman who by the ttcra decree of law i
was separatwd from ncr husbund and
child, and the people in the bixly of the
I ouso •*:■ j rejoiced v :.•:.. at last, ail was
:.-.:- right and the -...:..• r. father and
cnild were once mure reunited, little lm
b£iued taat under the:r very costs was
I •■■■*, er-itcted in every-day existence the
\cry '.■'—< that the xnummvrs o:t me &Luc<J
were ;:■-•:'...:.(, tor Uielr amusement.
At Uie middle of the nrst a.ci ot the pla.y
4 iat»iei:ger hurriedy entered the t:.ea
ur auiU uiter looking arvund for * minute
<.r two went up to Ju»Uce of the J\.ic«
hi-rrj, v.,j was one uf the audience, tuiJ
whispered * few words in his ear. Too
• ucgts i:*tei}«d to what ttie boy had to
Mk> - :.- then, taking up his overcoat and [
Lat, tiurriedly left tne house.
out ou the sliett he was met by a
couple if men, tw<2 entering a coupe was
hurriedly dnvcu tt» a house on Musion
»•» • .'..•:■. he performed the ceremony
\L*\ for the Mcund time made Tbomas I.
Hove cf Wadaworth. Nov.. and Amelia E.
ivii^j oi Oakland fcubband and wife. Hav
lrg r.ath.-.i »;ih his p^ut Ja_iha_ romance
the Jv.£«;c oncu niure entered the coupe
anil hurrt«-d back to the theater to wit-
KM the ...■ : .-.■ : of the play.
iiei.: ..'. &J1 this Hea a little romance—
tt.<j ?..:..■.• as that which was be!:. pre
tested at lh% tneater from which Judge
liarry had beta summoned.
::.<* Bin* or ten years ago Thomas
llowe. a prosperous business man of
Wadswcmh. •-...- down to ..a city on a
fiyir.g vieit. Through mutual friends he
met Mi.-> lvir.g, •.;.«:. a suaety tolle of the
dtjr aexubs tt.e . .; . It was a case of
love at rim eight ar.d resulted In a.
courtnhlp of sbout a yt-ar. which Tras fol
lowed by a quiet w<sJtiir.g.
If lrti to themselves me young couple
would have :.-.-: .„► •. to get aiung very
But there were relatives of both the
I ride acd groom who Insisted on manag
ing aftalrs, with the usual consequence.
«juari«ls quickly arose, which, though
unoux.ticg to but little In themselves.
xv»-re far.ried by outside Influences Into a
r.am#. which nothing but the waters of
Oivorne could quench. Be. after barely
two ;«ar> of marned life. Mr. and Mrs.
Jlcwe legally separated, the wife resura-
J:.g her maiden name and receiving the
custody of their Uttie 13-month»-old child.
This all happened over r'.x years a«o.
Klnce that time the mother and father
tiev^r met. though they fr*-cjuently cor
respondtKl on business mattero. and dur-
Ilr^f all thc*e lon« years Howe never once
taw the little child that had learned to
call him father.
I^ist Bun<!»> Howe again came to the
city on a ' •'■■■:. which concerned
matters that made It necessary that he
tthuuid meet his wife. As soon as they
were brought face to face the old lov«
was kindled anew, and It took them but
b. short time to decide that a resumption
cf their marital tie* was the on.. thing
that would bring them both that happl
!.*•• that had been abfent from their
lives for so lor*. Another meeting was
arrar.g* d for yesterday, and. In antldpa
"on of the probable course »vents would
Ml*.* Rowe provided himself with a 11.
trnse.
It waa as he expected. The woman
vaora JUe L»a u»Vfc» c*a*ed to love WM
etill his sweetheart. It was decided to wed
again, and a couple of friends went forth
to hunt up some one to tie the knot, while
th« reunited couple walled at the house
for their urn.
Juiiße Barry was the first one found.
He at once acceded to the. request to per
form the ceremony. An Interested witness
of the wedding was the child,, now 7
years old, who has for the first time in Its
memory looked upon the face of its
father.
ARMSTRONG
WINS FROM
JEFFORDS
The Big Ca!i:ornian Knocked
Down and Out in the
Third Round.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
KBW YORK, Nov. T,.— The prize flßht
between Bob Armstrong, the colored
be*> -Wright of Chicago, and Jim Jef
fords of California, which was slated to
go twenty-live .-.,.];. before the Herculos
Athletic Club to-night, ended abruptly in
the third round. Both men went head
foremost from a clinch over th« ropes
Into a box at the ringside in the second
round, and In the third Jeffords took an
other header from the effects of a light
swing on the jaw. This took all the steam
out of the bi* fellow, and when he re
gained his feet he was sent sprawling by
v right swinging uppercut In the vicinity
of th* b*lt.
Jeffords rolled over In agony and his sec
onds claimed a foul on the ground that he
was hit below the belt. The referee de
cided that the blow landed fairly and gave
his verdict In favor of Armstrong after
Jeffords had been counted out and carried
to his corner Ly his seconds.
PENNANT WINNERS WILL
MEET ALL-EASTERNERS
A Great Game to Be Played at Recre-
ation Park on Thanks giving
Day.
"If the pennant winners think they will
have an easy time defeating the All-
Eastern aggregation in the series about
to be played at Recreation Park they will
be badly mistaken," said Jim McDonald,
the popular baseball umpire, who has the
picked nine under his wing.' "I am will
ing to bet that we take two out of the
three games played."
McDonald's confident opinion seems to
have pervaded the members of the whole
team and when they line up against the
victorious Sacrament an on Thursday
next they exjwcx to^prove tneir superior
ity. In preparation for the coming con
tacts, which have been eagerly looked
for by the "fans," the Eastern players
were out yesterday afternoon and took
the kinks out of their arms and bright
ened their eyes. The men are still In ex
cellent condition, having Just completed
successful seasons In various well-known
leagues.
"Auburn-haired" Harvey will pitch the
initial game for Sacramento, and a? ho
will have some strong batters opposing
him his strength as a twlrler will be
given a severe test. "Youngey" Johneon
will occupy the slab for the All-Eastern
ers. The game is likely to develop Into
a pitcher's battle, as both twiners are de
sirous of making a strong showing.
"Kid" Hulen. the phenomenal left-hand
ed shortstop, who Is to play third for
McDonald's nine, is the only man who
has not shown up for practice. The
"Kid" is tramping over the tules around
Dixon. his native town. McDonald and
friends have written to him to como at
once to the city and It is thought tie
will put in an appearance a few days be
fore the game. The second game of the
series will be played on Saturday and
Phil Knell and Doyle will be the opposing
pitchers. On Sunday afternoon Jimmy
Hughes star twirier of the National
League' will be In the box against his
eld cronies. The teams will line up as
follows:
All-E«*terT»»r«. Position. Sacramento..
Johns n Pitcher Harrey
I'hanr* Catcher .Stanley
limn* First base Menefe*
or O'Connor.
IVlt* Second ba«« Stulti
Hulen ".'.'. Third baM 6h»efoan
Lockh*ail Shortstop Ea*an
L«ft field McLAurblln
Van HnJtren Center n>ld Sbanahan
McCarthy Right field Doyle
Vanderbilt Succeeds Kip.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27.— board of di
rector* of the Coney Island Jockey Club
to-day ejected W. K. Vanderblit to suo
ce*d th« lax* CDlon.elLftwreaco.Klp.; . .
TITE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1899.
well as coold be expected, but something was dead wrong with Wilson. He had plugged a bulls- #
eye with each of h!» ■'sighter*." bill he could not repeat as often as he wished, and as his team- T
mates expected, and at his last two shots his gun wobbled so that he only made threes cutting +
his score to 40. when 44 w •! of him at least. Atchison. another crackajack, slipped up ♦
with a scant 40, and Cavana-jgh could do no better. Carr kept up his reputation and scored forty- f
For the Oaklanders Cockertnn ami Arnest only fell as low as forty, the balance of the team X
doing good snooting. Gilbert bWng high man with forty -rive. The scores were: X
After the main match Captain Wlttman of Ban Francisco defeated Captain Peterson of o.ik- ■♦■
land. 42 to 29. In a three-cornered match fur referee and Judges the score was: Burns A: TomD- ♦
kins. 38; Nash M ■♦•
The pleasanteit part of the meeting t<x>k place In the large dining-room of Captain Slebe, where -V
the San Franciscans, who had the hon^r of losing, paid the stakes with a splendid turkey dinner ♦
upon which Captain Peterson asked the blessing, during the course of which San Francisco and "♦"
Oakland said nice things of earn, other and each others police departments. Sergeant Heims. T
nomewhat chagrined at defeat, challenged Chief Hodgklns 1 men to come across to the city and
•hoot the chutes or craps, or try the hypodermics. The challenge was received. ♦
At the Impromptu Jinks that fallowed the dinner the liveliest kind of an enjoyable time was -♦■
had. Captain Wittman presided as sire, bringing down the house more than once with his wit- ♦
ticlsms. Chief Hodgklns. Colonel Burns. Major Tompklns. Lieutenant Nash and Sergeant Helms "♦"
made witty speech er teeming with good fellowship. Officer Wilson of San Francisco sang of 1
The Lass From th* County Mayo" and Officer Andrews of Oakland made th* hit of his life with Z
several darktown duties that were applauded to the echo. Once on a time, the legend runs. Officer -♦■
Andrews was Induced to sing "Un the Bridge at Midnight 1 while he waa on duty and the then ■♦■
chief, Fletcher, was concealed behind a nearby sign. Andrews was dragged before the commit- "♦"
sioners and fined one month and eight days' pay— sl27. After he had finished yesterday Captain ~t
Wlttman gave it as his official and unbiased opinion that if Andrews had sung his defense in rag- 1.
Um S.w th *.. commtS9lonerSl lnsteaJ Ot fining him. would have presented him with a new uniform X
.. . T ,5 e x dlnn^ r an £ Jlnks concluded Just before the 5:30 train went down with tha singing 'of X
Auld Lang Syne.
MERCHANTS SAT
AT FEAST AND
TOOK COUNSEL
Eulogy of Practical
Men Heard.
EDUCATORS WERE ADVISERS
FIVE HUNDRED WERE PRESENT
TO LISTEN.
A Very Interesting Annual Report of
the Postal Card Votes Upon Pub
lic Topics Was Made by Pres
ident Dohrmann.
The second annual banquet of the Mer
chants' Association took place at the Pal
ace Hotel last evening. It was the largest
gathering of business men upon such an
occasion In the history of Ban FrandßCO.
There were present 461 merchants, and
there were many who came to attend the
banquet who were unable to find Beats
and went away. In other respects It was
& remarkable gathering. The presidents of
the two California universities made ad
dresses extolling the work In the line of
the practical education of men for busi
ness life. Hon. Arthur Rodgera gave the
history of "the f.rst college of c. mmorce
In the world." In every respect the affair
wan eminently e^ccessful.
'.dent Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association presided. On his right was
President Wheeler of the University f
t'.ilifornia and on his left President ImvM
Jordan of the Stanford University.
To tha right of President Wheeler was
Professor George Davidson; on the left
Arthur Rodgers; to the left of President
Jordan was Mayor PhelHn. The other
guests of honor were the following:
Professors of the College of Commerce,
University of California— Fryer, Ber
nard Moses. Carl C. Plehn, Mr. Leusch
ner and William Carey Jones.
Professors from Stanford University —
John C. Branner, G. E. Howard. F. A.
Fetter. B. A. Rosa and J. M. Stillman.
A. Sbarboro, president of the Manufac
turers' and Producers" Association; E.
Good wlnvmanagen>f the Manufacturers*
and Producers' Association: A. A. Wat
kins, president of the San Francisco
Board of Trade; H. L. Smith, secretary
of the San Francisco Board of Trade;
George A. Newhall, vice president of the
Chamber of Commerce; E. Scott, secre
tary of the Chamber of Commerce;
George McNear. president of the San
Francisco Produce Exchange: T. C.
Frledlander. secretary of the San Fran
cisco Produce Exchange; Herman Eppln
per, president of the Merchants' Ex
change; T. H. Emery, secretary of the
Merchants' Exchange; E. A. Denlcke,
president of the Mechanics' Institute: J.
A. Fllcher, manager of the State Board
of Trade.
The merchants were enthusiastic
throughout the evening. They greeted
President Wheeler when he was Intro
duced with a round of cheers, standing
They cheered Mayor Phelan when he en
tered the banqueting hall. They had
cheers for President Dohrmann and fre
quent applause punctuated the speeches
throughout the evening. The speakers
were President Dohrmajin. President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, President David
Starr Jordan Hon. Arthur Rodgers, Pro
fessor Carl Plehn and Mayor Phelan.
President Dohrmann's address was one
of his best. He reviewed the history of
the Merchants' Association and told how
it started with small beginnings. "To
night." said he, "we have nearly five
hundred with us and over one hundred
were turned away. Five years ago there
were 35 members; last year 180. ' Re
calling what had been done he asked
what there was that the merchants could
not do? There had been Inscribed on the
banner of the association civic pride, civic
courage, civic patriotism, good citizen
ship. That was patriotism of the civic
kind that had cleaned the streets; that
had purified the regions where disease
would have been bred. That was the
courage that would yet give San Fran
cisco control of Its harbor. (Cheers.)
President Wheeler made a long address
responding to the toast. "The College of
Commerce In Its Practical Relation to
Business map.'* He said that it, was .easy
OAKLAND.
Swain 44444445: 4— H
int Clark 5544444 5 4 4—134 — 13
Gilbert 4 5 4545445 5—45
Corkerton 454345443 4—40
Stahl 4 5 4 5 3 4 4 5 4 4— »2
Andrews 4 4 5 4 .'. 4 4 4 4 5—43
r.-io n 445445444 5—43
Schroder 544444445 5—41
Arnept 444444543 4—40
Williams 445444445 5—43
to be a college president; easier to be a
California^. There was nothing so easy
as It had been to him to become a Call
fornian and he was proud that he was
one. (Cheers.) He had lost interest in
all the duties of the college president ex
cept that at teaching the students; the
other duties he performed perfunctorily.
He gloried in the work of the association.
Public duty wa* the religion of civic life.
One of the most important parts of the
University of California was the college
of commerce. The merchants were a part
of that college: It appealed to their In
terests. The college needed funds to make
it a success and he appealed to the mer
chants to help It. Modern university edu
cation had become practical. College men
were in control of all the great electrical
enterprises of the country; they were the
leading men in all practical lines. Ger
many led as a commercial nation because
of her educated men who went abroad as
consuls. California would take first place
In the great commercial drama to be
played In th» future. He appealed to the
merchants of California to grapple with
the restless, ract»ty. young fellow— the
next century— and hold It up to its busi-
MM (Cheers.)
President Jordan responded to the toast.
"The Advantages of Higher Education to
Business Men." He caught the humor of
the merchants when he opened by ad
dressing them as "fellow millionaires and
comrades." He had no doubt of the fu
ture of democracy when he saw such
gatherings of business men. He seconded
the remarks of President Wheeler con
cerning the sort of men that Germany
sent abroad as Consuls, and added that
the United States needed the same kind
to represent it. He spoke also of the va-l
rious kinds of business men. Some failed'
because they did not know better, and
some because they would not believe that
any one knew better. Some failed be
cause there was profit in it; but these
were a class that he did not care to dis
curs. He counseled that all business men
should have ideals. There were collage
men with ideals and not much money who
would not trade them for a great deal of
money; there were also men with money
who would not trade it for ideals.
The activity of the world had traveled
westward. We were now midway. He re
gretted that some of our recent posses
sions had not come with more of a title
In Justice and honesty, but we now had
them, and we were bound to dominate the
world. But not one foot of land that had
to be kept in subjugation by bayonets
could ever truly be Incorporated into the
United States or England. The mission
of the Anglo-Saxon was not to subjugate,
but to permeate. Barriers were breaking
down in national affairs. The doors or
China would bo opened to the United
States, and the doors of the United States
would open to the Chinese. Our doors
had once been rightfully closed against
the Chinese, but that time had passed
away.
Regent Arthur Rodgers gave & history
of the College of Commerce of the Uni
versity of California, and urged that it
should have the active support and aid of
all merchants in the State. The college
waß for the merchant, and it was the op
portunity of the merchant to contribute
to its prosperity.
Professor Carl Plehn. dean of the Col
lege of Commerce of the University of
California^ responded to the toast: "A
Commercial Museum for San Francisco."
He adduced many Interesting facts.
Before introducing Mayor Phelan to the
members of the association President
Dohrmann read the results of a postal
card vote taken on the needs of the city.
It was as follows: For a new sewer sys
tem, 573 in the affirmative and 3 in the
negative; for constructing new school
houses, 567 ayes and 11 noes; for a new
County Hospital. 571 ayes and 3 noes; for
a new park panhandle,' 353 ayes and 1.-6
noes. The president dwelt on the differ
ence In opinion on the last improvement
and explained the vote. He said It re
quired a two-thirds vote and he was
pleased to say the votes In the affirmative
were Just enough.
The Mayor wan given an ovation when
he arose to address th« assemblage, and
when the enthusiasm had subsided he de
livered a splendid speech on "The Wants
of San Francisco." At the outset he Joc
ularly remarked that he knew his listen
ers were all busy men and that they
worked In the daytime, therefore, as the
wants of the city were so numerous, he
would not attempt to describe them to
night. He congratulated the association
on the good work it was doing and on
what it had accomplished since its or
ganization. He then took' up the result
of the postal card vote read by the chair
man, and sold It was a good augury,
as If the business men of this city, who
are the taxpayers, believe in these im
provements he felt assured that the work-
Ing does would follow their example and
vote accordingly. He dwelt at length en
the advisability of extending the panhan
dle and regretted that the vote against it
was to large.
In a clear argument he showed how
valuable It would be to the. city to make
such an Improvement; how it would at
tract the tourists of the country, and how
the latter would benefit the merchants
and the people by their presence In this
city; how by the purchase of a small park
between the park and the Presidio the
city would extend it" magnificent breath
ing spot, as the 1500 acres would virtually
bo a part of the park although still owned
by.jiie. Government. He congratulated t£*
BAN FRANCISCO. ♦
" nn 444544544 4—43 T
J-ennell 444444544 4—41 T
J> "son 445444543 3—40 T
Burkholder 445454444 4—42 I
Atchison 444543444 4— I
Phillips 444544545 4—43 t"
Cart 544554545 4—45 t
Cavanaugh 444434454 4— 40 *
Merrlck 455344445 3—43 ♦
Fleming 644434444 5—41 T
Merchants' Association for its support of
the new Charter; for having nd th«
streets of the overhead wires, and for
cleaning and bringing about new pave
ments and other good deeds. lie said
that this would not have been accom
plished but for the fact that the organiza
tion was composed of 12"0 of the best
citizens of the city. At. the conclusion of
his splendid speech he was roundly ap
plauded.
In closing the banquet President Dohr
mann expressed the hope that next year
would find the association larger In num
bers, and that it would again meet as It
had last night. When he concluded T the
guests arose and cheered long and loudly
for the popular executive officer of the
well-known organization.
The invited guests were:
H. Adam. William Alrord. F. W. Ammoa.
Milton Androa. Philip Anspacher. Simon An
a^acher. E. C. Auld. Grove P. Ayers. Charles
R. Allen.
B. Hrc«mm-1. Sanford Bennett. A. S. Bald
win, E. L. Baldwin. O. D. Baldwin. O. R.
Baldwin. Paul Barblert. M. U. Bites. M.
Bauer. 8. Bauer. P. Beamish, O. J. Becht, A.
M. Bender. E. E. Bergln. Alexander G. Bell,
Paul I. Bernhardt. L. S. Bernstein. Horatio
Bevertdge. Nathan Blbo. Salomon Bibo. Sher
wood Bird. Charles Bliss. Maurice Block. Emll
Boesch. F. F. Bostwick. B. Bonnet and son.
Alfred Bouvler. 11. U. Brandenstein. Joseph
Brltton. W. M. Brlaon. Cleve A. Brown. George
A. Browne. John Bruckman. Henry Brune. A
E. Buckingham. W. P. Buckingham. H. Brun
ner. A. E. Buckman. Charles Bundschu. Carl
E. Bundschu. G. Brenner. James S. Bunnell.
Frank L. Brown. O. W. Burnett. G. G. Burnett
C. C. Burr. Henry T. Bush. Jamea Butler. Pro
feasor John C. Brann»r. Wallace Bradford.
John CaOrey. F. P. Cole. C. M. Cole. William
Corbln, D. W. Crowley, Joseph G. Cox. Milton
H. Cook, L. E. Clawaon, A. Christeson. Wil
frid B. Chapman. J. P. Currier. W. H. Crtm.
Frank Conklln. Gerald Cunningham. 11. L.
Cunningham. John Cordes. W. F. Coniea C S
Crtttenden, William Curlett, G. E. Carter H.
M. Cochran, J. B. Caaaerly.
Roy A. Daniels, Andrew Davt*. M. D ;
George A. l>avi«. Henry Dernham. William
Davis Sr.. W. G. Dodd. J. de la Montanya.
John Dolbeer. Henry L. Davis, B. C. Dalley
W. M. Deval. Dan F. Downing. F. W. Ehr
mann. F. Dohrmann Jr.. A. B. C. Dohrmann
William A. DoMe, J. J. DufTy. I. Dannenbaum
H. A. Deckelman. Frank P. Doe. E. A. Den
lcks. Professor George Davidson. L. J. Dw\«r
George D. Dorr.in.
George F. Ehrenprort. William Ehrenpfort.
Edward Everett. H. C. Ellis. C. H. Kvam W.
yon Krakau Esters. F. H. Ellis. T. 11. Emery.
H. Eppingcr. Dr. C. N. Elllnwood.
S. Feder, G. E. French. D. L. Farnsworth.
A. C. Frees-, Paul Freygang. Maurice Feln
tuch. J. Richard Freud, George Frltch. George
E. Falrchlld, Watson D. Fennlmore, John W.
Fllnn. John P. Fraser. Edwin Fretwell. J. J.
Fagan. H. Frohrr.an. William Frank. H. T.
Fennel. John Farnhnm. S. Foster. Christian
Froellcli. E. W. Fercuscn, M. Friedman. I.
Friedman. A. B. Field. W. C Forsyth E. R
Folger. S. Foster. Professor John Fryer. T. C.
Frledlander, J. A. Fllcber, B. P. Flint. S. H.
Friedlander.
Albert Grunlnger. Jet>eph G. Glfstlng, H. T.
Glbrm. S. Gump. James E. Goruon. H. R.
Gundlacb, Harry X. Gray. Isldor Gutte. Louis
Gerstle. E. J. Graham. Hans Gutlixsbn. B.
Grave. George Gre«nzwelg, J. T. Gllmartln. F.
Oercke. N. B. GreensfeUar, M. Greenebaum
E. Goodwin.
J. R. Howell. R. M. Hotallng, Joseph P.
Hellbron. Adolph Hrotr.ada. E. I. TTuet»r, B. S.
Hubbard. Thomas R. Henshelwood, RelnhoW
Hoppa, W. B. Harrington. Thomas Hodge, 11.
Hart, Reuben W. Hills. Marshal Hale C W
Hale. Lo pell Hlrscn. M. H. Hecht. <*. Herr
mann, Martin Holje. Jamei Htnata, 3. M
Haalett, Alphonse Hlrsch. F. F. G. Harper Wil
liam J. Helmqulst. D. A. Hulse. John W. Heldt
A. C. Mini, Robert Hall. M R. Higgina M*
Huddl»-t D. M. Hart, H. M. Helneman. "
S. C. Irving, Henry Icklehelrror, George H.
Isrrcn. Charles Isaacs.
bamuel Johneon, M. S. Jamen. J. Jacobscn
C. R. John«on, T. L. Johnson, I. Joseph. Will-
Jam H. Jordan. Professor David Starr Jordan
Professor William Carey Jones.
Frank Kcenlr. Carl J. Koster, John A. Kos
ter. Fred J. Kostpr. C. Mason Klnne. D II
Kane Hugo D. Kell. Albert Edward King D
V. Kelly. Joseph M. Kelly. Jamea W. ' Kerr'
William Kaufman. M. S. Kohlbtrg. F. B. Kel
l*ne. Charles J. King. J. Kullman. Herbert
Kullman. A. V.". Kirk. Simon Katten L. M
Kaiser. Thomas Ktrkpatrick.
Franklin K. Lane, K. A. Lundstrow. A. C
Lundstrom. William Larklns, L. Lebenbaum*
Herbert E. Law, Hartland Law. J p L«
Count. G. P. Laulnger. P. N. Lliienthal. \V O
L«r.gd-«n. Charles A. Laton. Louis E Lake' c'
O. Lansen. A. Lors-n. James K. Lynch, John
A. Lemion. A. C. L-?u»chner. Lemmon broth
ers, M. F. Loewensteln. Professor J. A letter
Charles McKay, Kenneth Melrose. J. Meyer
feld. Henry Michaels. C. F. Michaels. H Mer
r!am. Daniel McLeod. William H. Metaon L.
V. Merle, William Marks. Louis Marks James
McNab. H. J. Morton. D. R. McNelll. E L.
Mitchell. A. J. McNlcoll. H. F. Marsh R
Munk. R. E. Miller. William M. Mann' M
Maxwell. William Mooser. R. C. Miller. \V s'
Miller. C. F. Marwedel, Joseph R. Morrison
William Metiner. I. H. Morse. E. T. Mlnne
han. Byron Maury. Paul Magner. A. Meyer
Joseph Magner. George P. Morrow, W. a. Mil
ler. John E. Millar. H. F. Maass. Charles M-
Menomey. I. F. Moulton, L. C McAfee, .-" M
Marks, J. F. McGeough. W. Op Maedonough'
R. D. McElroy Jr., Professor Bernard Moses'
Geonre W. McNear. E. O. McCormlck. F P
McKlennan. J. L. Martell.
B. Nathan. J. T. Nash. T. A. Kerney. Charles
E. Naylor. Henry Nordman. H. R. Newbauar
George A. Newhall.
Frank T. Osborn. Max Ordansteln. I. B.
Owen.
C. S. Peck. W. J. Pattoslen. Charles W. Pike
J. J. PfUter. E. A. Phelrs. William Pardy'
William S. Partly. C. H. Pearse. C. W. Pn-ble
11. Page. Henry F. P*rnau. Gus L. Page. E. C.
Prieber. Charles T. Parker. C. M. T. Parker.
Dr. K. Plschl. Charles B. Platt. P. Peterson.
E. B. Pond. Hon. James D. Phelan. Professor
Carl C. Plena. E. C Palmlerl. U Prager.
• . John E. Qulnn. John Quadt. R. W. Queen.
Hugo Rothschild. William J. Rising. P.
&QMI. ,WUU*W ftl«ser< Airred D. Robisjozw.
THE EMPORIUM. r.: \ _ THE EMPORIUM.
*u^ Kl^ffc^fe Si Groceries, Wines and Liquors for the holi-
days — priced as only the big store prices
■vX- mvl n^C 7 absolutely Pure Food Products. Here are a
jp/trwrrsyjw^^ *W'- • ew °^ l^ e n^ 3 tna^ you will need:
. J —^ CjLm-L-J -wJs New Mixed Nuts. 3 lbs 800
szv~*"»*<\^jff I f2f} I N*w Walnuts, lb tSO
ft tTtOFZ^^ r?\ F^^J New Almonds, lb - 180
ilj !Q! Q / M "r'i£' ' mt ™\ N»w Italian Chestnuts, Ib ~tso
VJt^^r^y^th-^ t^^r* Cluster Rai«in«. lb 150
V^^^UnC tL M s *«- ie(l *>"«««. Victory Brand, 2 pkgs for 260
(l)£n 'ic k e rUwf Vo °J o'jk0 'jk Seeded Riisins. pk? tOo
-j* *Sf > B^ "i * New Cleaned Currants, loos*, lb ~ tOo
N?w Cleaned Currants in rkj», 2 for 280
New Jordan Almonds, lb 800
Best Corrican Citron, lb ....- 180
Best Glace Orange and L-mon Peel, lb tBO
N-w Fard Dates, Ih tSO
Plum Pudding Q. & D Is, 220; 2-. -tOo ; 33. 600
Imported Smyrna Fus. 1 Ib boxes 300
Imported Smyrna Fists, loose, ib _ 25c
Seedless Sultana Raisins, ib «.... 10 O
Currant JsJJy, jar „ ISO
Guara Jell , jar .,*... 250
Cranbarrifij, Cape Cod, quart 100
Bourbon Whiskey. Emporium special re- 1 ABC Bohemian Beer, dozen quarts. ,U.~
ttrre, 8 years oH, fail quirt bottles $2.30
$1.25 ABC Bohemian Beer, doxen pints
Pure Rye Whiskey, lottled at distill-rr $f*sO
Wilson' 3, none bett a r $1*25 Choice American Champagne, a oral
Holl in ' Gin. Vuser'a Grey Stallion lar?e mide wine, not charged — a* a good
back bottl?s - $1.60 manr domestic champatrnes — ease
Hennesv's 3 Star Cognac, bott'e- $1,70 1 dozen quart bottles, $11. OO; case
Domestic Porter, choice nntured stock, 2 dozrn pint bottles $12*00
flaps hottlra. dozen $1.25 Sweet Cider, from N)w York, gallon
Emporium Reeling. Burgundr or Sau- 4So
terne, choice quality, cas9 1 dozen ' Brandy, 7 years old, good qua.it
quart* $4. 50 gallon $4,00
Jacket Sale to-day only L -if
$7.50 Jackets, $4.85. tlfo*\
The New Tan Covert Jacket, shown in illustration, /if ) (
winter weight, all wool, half silk lined, very well made (x °i /\
and nicely finished, regularly $7.50 — 4&JI OgS Yr °k<o
special to-day (Tuesday) only &*rm%9%J |^^^Q.
:';;■;.'■/,;: IKF emporium
songen- W+ 0 and 'V|?B Grocery
16 pages- PP r Ooldcnßulr Bazaar. ? 9 Price
frCC. CAUFORMAS LAROEST--A.n£RICA 5 ORA.NOEST STOBC Lists.
DEATH SENTENCE
FOR SUISSER
Ordered to Be Hanged
February 16.
SHERIFF FARLEY'S MURDERER
PRISONER DISPT*AYED NO
EMOTION.
»
Laughed Aloud in the Courtroom
When Judge Dorn Pronounced
the Words Fixing His
Fate.
6p«c!al Dispatch to The CUL
SALINAS. Not. 27.— George Suisser. who
murdered Henry R. Farley. Sh-riff of
Monterey County, on the night of Septem
ber IS, waa to-day sentenced to be handed
on February 16. The court room was
crowded when thu sentence was pro
nounced by Judge Dorn. but during the
entire ordeal the murderer m.-ver so much
as quailed; and when the final words con
demning him to death were uald the eyes
. ( : ... prisoner and the Judge met and the
former laughed audibly, continuing; to
smile for some time.
Several times during his Honor's speech,
and especially at such times as the re
marks were most scathing, the defendant
would look In toe direction of friends and
wink or smile. Such utter bravado dis
played by a criminal has never before
been witnessed in this court.
Attorney Lacey to-day moved for a new
trial in the case and made a most stub
born right for his client. The motion was
denied, however, and then Judge Dora
said in substance as follows:
"On the 9th day of October the District
Attorney filed an Information In this court
charging that you, George Suisser, did
willfully, unlawfully, feloniously and with
malice aforethougut murder one Henry H.
Farley. In this county, on the ISth day of
September, 1*99. You were arraigned on
the charge and pleaded not guilty. Before
a jury you were compelled to defend your
self for deliberate murder. You were rep
resented by able counsel and an earnest
defense was made for you by your attor
ney. All must be convinced that every
thing was done for you that was possible.
The Jury returned its verdict finding you
guilty of murder in the first degree. Sev
eral matters which you have urged as af
fecting the validity of that conviction
have all been carefully examined and
seem to have no foundation in fact and to
be unsupported by the law. There la no
revenge In the sentence of law. neither is
there passion or prejudice. Still we must
notice that the evidence shows your crime
to have been one of peculiar atrocity.
There was no excuse for it whatever. The
sentence which the law imposes Is awful;
but all civilized people have deemed it
necessary that In such cases It should be
go. Now, therefore, it la - ordered, mi-
Judged and decreed that you, George Suls
ser. be hanged by the neck until you are
dead."
Acknowledged a Brave Act.
Six month* ago a party of young people
went out on the Sacramento River In a
barge for a social good time. The outing
proved otherwise for »llle Parker,
daughter of Charles Parker of Grove
Park, near Sacramento, who fell over
board and would have drowned had It not
%-*-*■ ♦-♦-♦-♦-♦-♦-♦-•-♦-»-♦-♦-+
Alfred J. Rich. David Rich. M Kehflsch. J. V.
A. Key, J. H. Rosenberg. M. R. Roberta Jr..
William Ring. W. P. Reddlngton. A. J. Ral
■ton. Charles C. Rtedy. K<ig»r Rosenblatt. E.
D. Rosenbaum, Then Rothschild. P. C Rossi,
Professor E. A. Ro«a. Arthur Rodgers, Mr.
Rothwell. A. M. Robertson.
Ben J. Schmidt. Otto Stuetxel. James B.
Smith. F. C. Struven. C. F. Sites. Frank J.
Symmes. Val Schmidt. S. Premiss Smith. D.
Sewell, William Schr Oder, William M Searby.
R. 8. Shalnwald. LJppman Sachs. Stleg'r A
Kerr. Gusta>ve Schnee, C. H. Schmidt. Samuel
Stocombe. S. Seller, George R. Sanderson. Ed
Schleuter, M. Schmidt. Joseph A. Stulx. A 3.
Spencer, S. Sternhelm. James A. Sorensen.
Charles Stallman. John Slmonds. H. Ernest
Simonds. James H. Seymour. Leon Sloss. Jacob
Sail. William A. Schulu. F. P. Stone, r. C
Sanborn. A. W. Scott Jr.. A. XV. Scott. L. F.
Pherman. Schus»ler Bros. Louts T. Samuels
W. R. Sherwood. C. Stader. L. Sresovlch. II
C. Somers, William F. Schulz. J. T. Sullivan
Professor J. M. Stltlman. E. Scott. 11. L
Smith. A. Sbarboro, A. Schilling. H. R.
Bchmldt, M. R. films. B. F. Sternheim.
William D. Townley. I. W. Taber, Edward J
Tlllyou. W. J. Trott. W. P. Thomas. F. L. Tur
pln. John Taylor A Co.. W. 8. Townsend.
Victor R. Llroan. Union Lumber Company
J. L. Vermeil. C. M. Tolkman. Frank ' A
Vail. A. H. Vail, XV. K. Vlckery. Maurice Van
Vllet
J. C. Wilson. W. H. Wlester. W. M Well
J. C. Wlnana. William Wolff. Gu»tav Worm
?er. Jacob Winner. W. F. Wilson. F. A Wil
son. R. H. Warfleld. John H. Wrenn. J Q
Wetmore, E. L. Weule. William Wertsch M
Webster. W. XV. Worden. B. E. Werthel'mer
R->lla V. Watt, XV. R. Wheeler. Professor B 1
_TCfce«ler. A. A. WatWiia, XV. H. Well*. **
been for the bravery of John R. Merchant,
one of those In charge of the boat. He
Jumped Into the water, and at the risk nt
his own life rescued the young lady. Mer
chant was praised for his brave act at tho
time, and It was then supposed that th«
Incident had closed. On Sunday evening
Merchant was surprised by being called to
the city residence of Mr. Parker, and In
the presence of a number of friends pre
sented with a beautiful medal by th«
father of the young lady h«« had *ave<l
from the river. The present la a beautiful
analr and the owner Is very proud of It.
• ♦ « —
THE WATER OVERFLOWED.
Carelessness of Chemist Southard
Causes Damage in the City Hall.
Th» carelessne&s of Assistant Chemist
O. C. Southard of the Board of .Health,
caused considerable .lama*- to the floors
and celling In the City Hall. The discov
ery was made by Janitor J. Berliner early
yesterday morning. It appears that South
ard was distilling ether on last Saturday
evening and permitted water to run
through the rubber tubing connected with
th f condenser in the laboratory on the
third floor. He neglected to turn the wa
ter off when he left and In some manner
the hose became disconnected and th«
water streamed out at will. it had been
running for thlrty-!«tx hours before Jan
itor Berliner appeared on the scene, ani
lanc<» quantities of water had poure.l
down on the lower floors. The greatest
damage was done In the Assessor 7*7 * office
and the celling had become so moistened
that the plastering Is likely to fall off In
places. The clerks were kept busy gettlnc
the records of the office out of harm's way
and It required two dozen buckets to col
lect the wane waters that cam* throurh
the celling.
MALICIOUS MISCHIEF.
Salesman Neil Hurls PaintpoU
Through a Window.
Fred Neil, a salesman employed by A.
Conrelch. a Sixth street merchant, was
arrested last night by Policeman Naylor
and booked at the City Prison on •>
charge of malicious mischief. Neil was
detailed by his employer to go to a neigh
boring paint shop and purchase some
paint. The salesman left the store about
5 o'clock and returned about two hours
later with the paint and a beautiful mel
low Jag. He staggered Into the store an<l
asked < onrelch to give him enough money
to continue his spree. His employer re
fused to advance him any money and ad
vised him to go home and take a sleep
Nell became Indignant at this sugges
tion and he went outside the door and
threw two pots of paint through the show
window.
"Did I,uth»r Commit Suicide?" Is again
being d*b.Ued In Germany.
Anatomical * Ho T
Lecture _ ill
Very ?r»<v»»ntljr
the portions of
the body that
>how evidence of
disease are entire- / ■ -^
1> remote from the . \ \
seat of dlsonVr. nh"!l v \
For Instance talc- J^> i_ 1
flg. C. the *houl- >. C 7) /
ders. Pain In th» >< \ *- / /
tboutders is a I \ —
cha r a c terlstle S^ ">*-' \
. symptom of an >< C Ny
organic weakness. \ *^ 1 X
The Interrupted X I \
function of which 1 ■ i C\
we st^ak r-*'ilt< / — s ' v
in poisoned blnod. / 0* I [
If you have a pain f C - / I
In shoulder, take ' A I
Hudyan. Hudyan I f /\ >
cure* this organic f _ / \ I
weakness. I £ I V /
We come neit C^»__l>7
to rigs. i. j. i V ~3f A
pains along spin* *^~ .^Tt l\
and weakness of /V.— Jl i \
back. It denotes / JI J
serious evil Get r^~ s3 7X 1
Hud\an at op.<-«. r^^~ *>^^ jdL. I
Hudyan cur * i ■ -»«^
Taking fig. 4— It fi J* W *\
designates the ©S^ \ I
brain Headache*. -"^C^^ \ I
giddiness, dls s y \ L_
spells, vertigo, all "V \ /M
tell of bad* nerve (TTr-— »«^_ O\
conditions. Such 'I ||7^v ' I \
symptoms tell you 1 11, \ l\ A
of coming danger. ' M . \ 1 \
guard against such I: , ) I \ i
danger— take Hud- 'II \ / \
yan. Hudyan at H >■> I
one» relieves such \
conditions, for • \'i . J
Hudyan corrects •*-**• ■_ A
all organic weak- ■**/» I
nesses.
Lastly we have v^
Tis. «. th* limb*
Weakness of
limbs, emaciation.
shaky knees, numbness of extremities, all the**
denote Impoverished circulation. Hudyan gives
a renewed Impetus to th» circulation and
makes pure blood thai Is rich In health-giving
elements. Hudyan gives strength and Quickly
\ overcomes paleness and emaciation.
Hudyan— ail druggists— We a package, six
packages toff X SO. If your druggist do*« not
k<»ep It »end direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market sts. San
Francisco. Cal.
CONSULT HIPTAX DOCTORS ABOUT
OR L WRI C T^ E " rREE ° r CIIAiI GE. A c2Ll
(Send lor entire mtlm of Anatomical
Lecturo«-Fre* of chart*.)
56
TUESDAY NOVEMBER rS. .S»
JOHN D. SrRECKELS. Proprietor.
i-zzreil Ali Ccrr.rr.un :t: ens \o W. S. L£AK£. yftrager
l»l PLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third >. F.
Telephone Mala 1M».
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 ■•• 221 MrTfiian St.
lrlfph«'Ur Mala 1-74
Delivered by Carrier*. I*. Cent* Per Week.
Mncle Copteii. * Cent*.
Term* by Mall, Includlnc l*o«tncei
DAILY « Ml (Includlnc v:nds>i. one year. .?••'»«
DAILY CALL < tncludliit: U nd»> t. <. nmnili«. . 3.00
DAILY CALL inclDdinx Mind*? i. a month- . . 1.80
DULY CAl.l. By *l n ••• M.. 11. 05c
MNDAY CALL One Year i *•"
U i;i:KLY CALL <•■<• Year 1.00
All peitmiitrn are autburited to receive
subscription*.
v a»aple cople* will be (orttardrd ■when requested
OAKLIAD OFFICE JM>* Broad" a >
C. GEORGE KROGXES3.
Mintfrr Forrlfrn Adirrllitine. Marqaette liatld-
Ing, Chicago.
M \\ YORK CORRESPOXTJESTi
C. C CAIILTON Herald ■>:—■■
>u\v york iii:riii;M:\TATiVEi
I'IHIU IK! Jit 29 Tribune Dulldlnir
• 111 *«.• NEWS STANDS!
hrnmiß llninr. I*. O. \rm Co.: Great North
ern Hotels Frrmuut lloai«| I i i-ti iiiii Hotel.
>i:iV YORK SEWS mmi
Waldnrf-Aotorln Hotel: A. Ilrentano, 31 In ion
Square: Mum. Hill Hotel.
HHAM M ••» »l« I » 527 Montjromerr «treet. cor
ner * la?. «i|i»-» until !»:::<» o'clock. MM Ilnrea
•treet. open until U-.:Ut o'clock. ii:{!» Mcllllater
• treet. opeu until Bi3U o'clock. •,!'. I.nrkln
• treet. open until :«..*'• o'clock. I*• 1 1 Mi»>-t...i
• treet. open until I" o'clock. ' «tl Market
• treet. corner »iiirmih. open until :• o'clock.
1 «»".*«» Yalt-ni'la nrrrt, open until '.• o'clock.
KMI l:ir\rniL street, open until I o'clock.
N\S corner T«\ent)-«econd and Ken'tuck)
• treef. op«-n until '■» o'clock.
AMUSEXIMS.
On Imau— VaafltiOla.
Orpheain-Jn ».ia o! tt* Charity fMsa cf tb« A«soc!«ed
Tttji'-rir*: U«i4c»r»>. Thurrd*.r art«rno^>. Deceabrr 14.
< 'o!-J3;b.»— •■l?h«rs*aa iah."
Caiifcrn:*— "Thp ~;. rt:nc Ducliesm."
T.v .!— "Th* MaJikcd UaiS."
Ortr.i O;<rm \i ju*e— "Cvaac'lSße."
A. »z»t— "S*!nt» aa<J £!oner»."
A:».ar-tr«— "ln OSJ K<rr.;jcky."
Ctut««. 2fc» itad TLtitter— V*uflev:!!a «rtry «rt 'row- and
erer.tr^.
yrrpia. rnn-r Ma*ca ar.l Et:it ftr*et« — Ppeclaltlea.
Cfr.tra! PkTk— £te*pl»cha*« anj Ccsey I*:ar.4.
Piaaoraza* Dattia cr Manila Ujv> - . i:*rket itrett. a»ar
Ji«-char.:c« # ParlHoa Grmad Carslral 3*ll, Thask«r:rls«
<iKLh.'.ir.Z na(~»trark- Hac*.
AUCTION SALES.
Pr Cfcaac A Mer.<leaha:i— T>.!» <lay. ■ ■ T:S? 7. n . Tt jrough
tr<Nl Te«r;:r.Fi aad T»t-j-«ar-v,l^«, at o.T^»rr Van X«i arcsa*
unj M&rk»t atrMC
Rx S. VTatkln*— Thla £ay. a.t 11 o'clock. H;rses, «.i 1217
PARK EXTENSION.
c 1
I ira
■
■
■
■
■
. • • be any
•
PC about the
can make.
ere municipal
:lied than
<rnce,
•
San Francisco lags behind other large American
cities in respect to the extent of her park area. While
Broadway, New York, beginning at the Battery, it
self a beautiful park, passes on its way Bowling Green,
L r.-.on square and Madison square. Market street is
from one end to the other an unbroken array of
building*. There is no place of beauty and preenery
f adorn the long rows of its houses. Nor is there
present any grand access to Golden Gate Park
■rom the downtown districts. The extension of the
j'cnhar.d'e would therefore be something like a revo
lution in the aspect of the city, giving it an artistic
feature hardly inferior to any on the earth.
The amount of money which the improvements will
;th the b- ■
• - .
■
•
popular
hich the com
-. • .• '• . ,-. - •
c health*
as a place c I
is of the year
I
for what they
Th» extension of the panhandle to the junction of
Market street and Van Ness aver, should have been
provided when Golden Gate Park was laid out, but
it is not too late to repair the mistake. It has been
estimated that the cost of the proposed improvements
xill not entail for interest and for the "•ring fund
a tax levy in excess of 10 cents on every $100 of the
present assessment- Thr.t is but a small amount to pay
for an avenue which will in matmitude and in beauty
be a not unworthy rival of the Champs E!ysees, whose
delightful drives and promenades have done much to
hdp make Paris the center of attraction of the mod
ern world.
The i«si".e. we repeat, xs one which should engage
the attention of all progressive citizens. Every man
who takes enough interest in San Francisco to care
for its welfare should unite in promoting the present
movement for park extension, for if it be defeated at
the coming election there is no telling when it can be
undertaken again with prospects of success.
■ the frequency with which society editors on
the headline "Quietly Married." a
.-er might he led to believe that weddings here
a!ly accompanied on the bass drum.
. v.rens of San Francisco will
have • Hi:' in the Morgue for only
t thirty day* — and they ought to be thankful
icr that.
CONSULAR ANTICS.
lil do reasonable room to doubt the good
m] Pratt made his arrangc
ith Aguir... ..gapore. The Con
re him, and it
- .vows ar.; of conquest or pur-
That he arrange;
■y and Consul • Aguinaldo s n
; :ri; of that declaration, is as well
• I as any fact in recent history. The mysiery
ita solution is. Why was Pratt dismissed for
c Wildrnan was retained
and promoted to be Consul Ge:
ontinued for a long
l-.ne with the Pratt agreement, [l
It to oar State Department Wildman «ays:
.: rival at Cavue Agumaldo is
■ n vhich I h?A outlined for him be
course organized a g. -
r, an lutely neet
-ontrol over the n^
*• • this he has been
■ • : . nd dignified v ' • -•
In conclusion I v.
■ -,irgent govern
> annot be
: . :o be
:.' ■
c print y The C
>h prisoners :•
them broke thtir parole
. hich is Oerith. N -
1 the trail
• - • port of that
-•? of war :
■
I in
ng a| t it
•
c
■ an foi
parole, for he -ass not an ofneer oi the United States,
and such parole would have been worthless and to
shoot prisoners for violating it would .... been mur
der. Therefore it was that Wildman, representing this
Government, was advising officially an act of nation
ality to be exercised by the Philippine government.
On June 25, iS-yS, Wildman, ho had beer. pro
moted to be Consul General, wrote officially to
Aguinaldo: "Do not forget that the United States
undertook this war for the sole purpose of relieving
the Cuban? from the cruelties under which they were
• suffering and not for the love of conquest or the hop
jof gain. They are actuated by precisely the same
! feeling toward the Filipinos." Mr. Wildman is still
! Consul General. His proclamation for a Philippine
! government, his advice that it exercise one of the
•
tary parole, under death penalty, and his omcial
i pledge that his Government rated Cuba and the Phil
j ippines together: his ofneial report to this Govern
j mem of the existence of a civil government in the
; Phillipines, "administered with dignity and justice"
by Aguinaldo — all stand without disavowal by our
Government and he remains in ofnee as our repre
sentative. .
In addition to this it appears, in Consul Wildman's
; letters, that the funds of the Philippine government,
! consisting ii part of the payment made by Spain to
I close the revolution of 1896, were put in his hands
' in Hongkong to buy arms and munitions of war for
i Aguinaido's government, and that he acted in con
cert with Agoncillo in the purchase and shipment of
1 arms on the steamer Pasig from neutral ports. It
j further appears that this steamer was "captured" or
detained by British authorities in Hong) 1 with
; arms on board purchased by 'man, and that upon
■ her release he sent her to Macao to clear from there
i to Canton, in the latter port to receive arms bought
with the Filipino funds.
It appears, then, that this Consul General, as proved
by his own correspondence, was encaged in violating
' the neutrality laws and defying the neutral rights of
• both China and Great Britain. Under the rule estab
lished in the Alabama case Spain would have a recov
ery against Great Britain and China for this violation
■of their rights as neutrals. Mr. Wildman appears,
■ then, by the testimony, as ratifying Pratt's agreement,
i which Howard Bray, who witnessed it, says was "a
; promise of independence"; as the author of the
i proclamation establishing Aguinaido's government,
; its adviser in acts highly national, its agent in the
: purchase and shipment of arms, and as not changing
j this attitude until he was sued for Filipino money
1 remaining in his hands in the British courts at Hong
kong. Will some one explain the mystery of Pratt's
■ dismissal and Wildman's retention? And will some
one explain how the United States, retaining him in
I office, can avoid the responsibility for promises made
; and engagements entered into by him in the name of
, this Government?
THE SHIP SUBSIDY BILL.
SENATOR II ANN A is reported to have stated
in a recent interview at Clevelan4 that the ship
subsidy bill, which failed of passape owing to
lack of time in the iast Congress, will be taken up
;n the coming session and advanced as rapidly
as possible. He declared a sanguine expectation thit
.1 would be passed at this session, but stated:
"It will be fiercely opposed by a strong lobby backed
capital."
That foreign capital should interfere to prevent
American legislation and find Americans ready to
■ it may sound strange, but it will not be the
first time such a thing has happened. It was largely
through the influence of foreign steamship companies
that immigration restriction bills have been beaten
■ it is foreign capital that is nuw,
the past. g the construction of the
Nicaragua canal and pushing the Panama scheme in
it* place. The foreigners who are opposed to the up
building of the American merchant marine are many
and their interests in the matter are great, for at
Dt they derive immense profits from their trade
r American commerce, and the transfer of
that b ' 'hips under our own flag would mean
every foreign steamship line that has been
engaged in American trade.
m the reports that come to us it is not clear
whether the bill which Senator Hanna purposes to
urge at the coming session is the Hanna-Payne hill
or that which was introduced by Senator Frye 35 a
v The original bill was subjected to
no little criticism and attack, but since the adjourn
ment of Congress has been thoroughly discu c «ed ani
appears to have won the favor of many who were
originally opposed to it. It is to be noted, however,
that in the annual report of Mr. Chamberlain, Com
missioner of Navigation, a summary of which was re
cently published in The Call, the main argument was
port of the Frye bill, and it is therefore
probable that is the one which will be, preferred by
the adminietratv.n.
In reviewing the subject the Commissioner pointed
out t'r.ki the n aximum expenditure under that bill for
Tin: sax FRAxnsro caw, tttesdaT, koybiiier as. is:> 9.
anj one year :s fixed at $9,000,000, from which, how
ever, should be deducted $1,500,000, the present cost
of carrying our ccc^n mails on American vessels,
which will continue, whatever the fate o: the bill may
be. The actual maximum annual expenditure pro-
p OJC( i by the I 1k « effect fixed at $7,500,000.
g tiiat all onr vessels reg:.tered for foreign
were 00 f throughout the year, at the
-. enditure under the bill would
.00,000. Before the maximum
is read ed the capacity of our shipyards must be in
crea <, I the tonnage under our flag
tnKZ^, c must be multiplied sevcrai
fold.
y r . c too large to pay for the benefits
which wUI • c upbuilding of our merchant ma
• compete with us for the
subsidies of upward o: |
000.000 annually to the merchant restels. Senator
- ates we are now j ; -\ooo a day to
foreign ship-owners to carry on our international
commerce. To save that much we may well afford
to expert: - proposed.
"~\ T last accounts Mr. Goebel had descended from
A his . r»e ar.d ceased to claim victory and
i V tion at i and was taking exer
imaU writ of injunction to enjoin the
rs cast for his oppo-
Taylor. This means that Goebei i»
• - and on the returns, that the peo
.-.y expressed themselves at the polls as
eminent by Goebel, but he proposes
m by injunction! We desire to make
ng Colonel Bryan's attention to this vio
• - - .cred tenets of the Chicago
: - ag • • .r.ction in
1 olonel Goebel is no doubt a bit -
: He the author of the Ken
election law which creates a returning board
• leenu to have the power to eliminate the
er. The returning board of Lou
believed to be the most scientific
could devise, and when
- I of a Democratic Governor and a
t r eived Sooo votes less
r it al . the admiration of Ros-
Boi Goebel's board is so su
• Louisiana that the comparison of
• ■ etween a crossbow and a Krag-
•'liled, and its inventor is like
•proof shirt, who. depending
• . stood up before a firing squad
- -- Colonel
cml rked n this board for a pleasant voyage
•• has been compelled to wade ashore
across the mud flats of Salt River and apply for an in-
The ] • -is offered a series of
the most exacting. '.
it was expected that the Governor «
-jsen in a gtir. I . I There were even threats
that I :' Colonel Bryan was in dan
tcd a footprint on the dark and bloody
crour.'i. When the speaking commenced Goebel and
two other orators fainted on the c first day.
ting the militia was under anr.v
now • : features of the . action are n'!
crammed into a small injunction. If we were a friend
ebd we would whisper in his ample ear
He has been under constant ex
citement and exertion ever since the display of his
winr • ■ • the nomination. His present ap
peal from the people to the courts will cost money
that he ought to spend in foreign travel, and if the
injunction should win for him the governorship :
seriously rflect upon the sincerity of his party when
next year it poes gunnil ::ons in its na
tional platform.
EUROPEAN RAILWAY PLANS
I *QR the purpose of exploiting Asia and Africa
the nations of Europe have outlined r
* plans on an immense scale. The great Siberian
road, at which Russia has been so long working,
is of course the most p:^antic of these enterprises
and has attracted m :on, but there are others
well worthy of note.
One of the mooted schemes is that of constructing
a railway from a Mediterranean port across Asia
Minor and through the valley of the Euphrates to the
Persian Gulf. Such a road would be largely under
the control of the Turk, and that fact is all which
has thus far prevented a beginning of the work. Rus
sia, Germany and Great Britain are each of them will
ing to undertake it, but neither has been able to ob
tain the concession because of the opposition of the
other two. That road, therefore, may be an enter
prise in the air only for some time to come, but the
recent rearrangements that have been going on be
tween Great Britain and Germany may result in some
agreement that will provide for the work.
A movement which will doubtless give an impetus
to the Siberian line and will materially aid it in com
peting for trade has been started in Sweden for the
extension of the Swedish state railroads to the port
of Kappelsk?.r, from which there is to be a line of
steamers to Hango. in Finland, where there is con
nection with the Siberian road. It' is believed that
with the powerful ice-breakers which modern mechan
i-m has devised it will be possible to keep these ports
open all winter and thus provide a continuous traffic.
Should the plan succeed Siberian trade with Great
Britain and the western world generally will pass
- Sweden and not across Germany, unless the
Kaiser should prevent the loss by constructing bet
ter roads and giving cheaper rates than Sweden can
afford.
In Africa many roads are planned. Every nation
that has taken a share of the continent is preparing
to buiM one or more railways for the purpose of de
velopiiiß and holdinß the territory acquired. At the
close of 1890 there were le?s than 6000 miles of rail
way in operation in Africa, but at the present time the
mileage is double that, and it is said lines for whose
completion financial arrangements have been already
made will add 2500 miles more to the total. That,
however, is but the beginning. The Germans have
projected a road to Tanffanyika, the French one
from Algeria to the Soudan, and the Belgians one
from the Congo to the Nile. Even excluding Cecil
Rhodes' project of a railway from Cairr to Cape
y. it is <-aid to be a conservative estimate that
within a decade there will be fully 25.000 miles of rail
road in operation in
When these vast enterprises have been completed
and the machinery of modern industry and trade is
carried freely into the desens and the wildernesses of
Asia and Africa there will be a mighty change r*>t
only in those two continents but in the world. The
coming century, if it do not begin with a general
war nver the prospective spoils, will start with an
industrial activity too vast to be comprehended by
foresight. It is in vain the barbarian protests and
fights against civilization. Where there is machinery
it must be kept moving.
THE KENTUCKY ELECTION.
THE GREATEST GAME OF THE YEAR
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
G M Pock, the BtOCkton capitalist. Is
registered at the Grand.
CamiKe DAnille has arrived in the city
and Is staying at the Occidental.
H. Hirshfeld. a wealthy merchant of
Bakersflel'.. 13 a guest at the Lick.
1 -Jr. has come up from his
home in San Juan and 1? at the Palace.
Mr. and Mi«. C T. Eyr« have r- turned
I'aris and are registered at the
Palace.
llrs. George Loomes has come up from
her summer home at San Mateo and is at
the Palace.
'. Foster. vrt.\\ known in the
commercial circles of Spokane, is a guest
L. Hudden. an Influential attorney
::ster, 1~ ■ M of those who .-.
lay at the Lick.
X rrest L. Alford. one of the best known
attorneys of Tulare. is registered for a
fhort stay at the Lick.
W. H. Anderson, a wealthy '-
-n, !s among the ar
■t evening at the Occidental.
- ■ itor B N. Bulls of Los A>
.r.ir.'l for a few days, lie
-•.erday from the 5
Mrs. John McMullen has tak-n rooms
at the Palace, which h
: her home during th- 'inter.
If. T. Beaver, a lucky prospector of
Pawaon, Is at the Palace on a trip to this
city which combines business and pleas
ure.
T. J. Hammer, one of the best-known
I I^os Angeles, is staying at
v ■re he arrived last
night.
\V. G. Chanslor. a wealthy speculator
of Los Angeles, who has Just made h'.s
pile in fill, is among the recent arrivals at
the Palace.
L P. I «rake. one of the leading business
men of New Zealand. Is a guest at the
Occidental while on his way back to his
island home.
Dr. J. F. and Dr. W. M. Phily. two
brothers, who are among the leaders «.f
the medical fraternity in Victoria.
are at the Occidental on a short vacation
trip to this city.
W. E. Frazer. a merchant of Yokohama.
Is at the Occidental, awaiting the depart
ure of a steamer which will take him
tack to the Orient. He ha* been visiting
the East on an extended business tour.
Mr. and Mrs. Russell Sinclair, two
prominent society people of Sydney,
N. S. \\\. are registered at the Palace on
their way back home after an extended
pleasure trip through the United States.
» ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.— Mrs. A. Tobln
of San Francisco Is at the Fifth Avenue.
Mri. D. Mar of San Francisco Is at ;he
Bartholdl. J. J. Gottlob of San Franrr.sco
is at the He-raid Square.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. K«T. 27.—Representa
tive De Vries and wife are at their old
apartments. UR H street; David Neu
etadter and Miss Helen Neustadter of San
Francisco are at the Arlington; 8. A.
M'-rridith of Oakland Is at the Welling
ton.
PUBLIC WILL WELCOME A
NEW EXPRESS COMPANY
Antloch Ledger.
It is reported that Wells. Fargo ft Co..
1 the exorbitant freight traffickers and tax
i-hirkers. are to have a rival In the ex
press business. The people will hail this
announcement with delight. Wells
Fargo & Co, are one of the most greeay
and selfish corporations we have In the
State. It Is not public yet who the new
express company are, but it is said that
it has promised not to shift its portion
of war taxes on to the shoulders of its
patrons.
Grass Valley Union.
It is reported that Wells, Fargo ft Co.
are to have opposition in the express
business on this coast, and the puu»ic
hope it Is true. The present monopoly
, Elves good service, but exacts high
I charges. It has defied public sentiment
and practiced a petty Imposition in the
matter of the war tax on its money or
, oere, and In other ways Incurred th« ill
will of the public. lne U1
• ♦ »
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEVER WAS MAYOR— M. E. D City
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell never was Mayor of
the city and county of San Francisco.
NO PREMIUM-A. F. D.. City. There
is no premium on a half-dollar of 1825 The
SStSft °'_-ch^co.n L^oJ^
THANKSGIVING - Subscriber, city
The President of the United States Issued
a national thanksgiving proclamation
each year. The Governors of the wend
Stats* where , thanknglvlnif is ob servo d
wSc'h^jirgarggfd.^ the state *»
r£ D P^ R ° F im ~ H - ° • Alameda,
i.CaL A dollar of ISM. coined In a mint of
the United States. Is worth exactly one
dollar. No premium is offered for such.
MASCOT-A. D. R.. Eureka. Ca!. Mas
cot is pronounced as if written Mas-kot.
WALT WHITMAN— J. P. G.. City. Walt
Whitman, the American poet, was born
at West Hill, Long Island. N. V., May
MARCONI— A. R., Eureka. CaJ. Mar
coni, the Inventor of the wireless tele
graph, pronounces his name as if writ
ten Mar-Ko-nee.
BHIPPIKG GAME-E. J.. City. In sea
son hunters may khip game from any
county ir this State to
iet or hindr
- THAT WINSTON CHURCHILL—
H. F. R.. C::y. The Lieutenant V.
Churchill captured by the Boera is :.
author of the same name.
CRAPS— A. and \Y , Albion. Cal. The
frame laws of California do not pi
-ence of any prohibi
tory law. such may be caught it icy time.
BANGS IN THE CABINET-EL N..
Martinez. ■X There has been a change
In the Cabinet of President McKlnley in
the past six months. Russell A. Alger.
Secretarj* -of War. going out and Elihu
Root of New York being appointed In bis
stead.
WAR TAX— M. L. J., City. The revenue
tax on a promissory note Is 2 cents on
HM and an additional 2 cents on every
additional $100 or fraction thereof. The
act creating such a tax was approved
June 13, I^3. and went into effect, as to
promissory notes. July 1 following.
McKINLEY'S CABINET-C. H.. City.
The members of McKlnley's Cabinet at
this time are: John Hay. Secretary of
State; Lymnn J. Gage. Secretary of the
Treasury: John D. Long. Secretary of the
Navy; Elihu Root. re tar-. of War;
John W. Grlggs. Attorney General; C. E
Smith. Postmaster General; James Wil
fon. Secretary of Agriculture, and Etlmn
Allen Hitchcock, Secretary of the In
terior.
A< TION FOR DEBT-8.. Ocean V!»w
• -
due on an obligation not in vs.
be commenced within two years,
it Is : .
An action for w>rk ;
-. married since tha
••■. .'il have to be
:.er. as the hupl'and is not
. .- for any debts contra*.
the wife before marriage.
THE COMMISSIONERS— S. W. M .
Gonzales, Cal. The Commissioners to the
Paris Exposition from California are: Don
& T/,""?-?" of ,^ 9 Angeles. Republican;
\\ . *\\ . I-'.ott of San Francisco. D^mocat
and E. W. Runyon of Red Bluff. RepublU
can. Varney Gasklll i- the secretary and
the office Is In the Occidental Hotel San
Francisco. The Commissioners are' paid
*swO each and traveling expense* and the
secretary receives a salary of »250 a
month.
THE QUEEN'S POWER-L. P. G..
City. The executive government of Great
Britain and Ireland is vested nominally
in the crown, but practically In a com
mittee of members commonly called the
Cabinet, upon the resignation of ■ Min
istry the sovereign exercises the un
doubted prerogative of selecting the per
son who may be thought to be by »ho
go««\Jh« mo«t fit to form a new Cabinet
The Minister chosen for this purpose by
the crown has the power of dlHtributirc
all the political offices of the Government
as may at- • best to himself, subject only
to the ultimate approval of the sovereign
SALARIES— 8., Borden. Cal. The sal
ary of the Vice President of the United
States and of the members of the Presi
dent's Cabinet is few a year. United
States Senators and Representatives re
ceive a salary of {0000 a year and mi"*et
There are seven Judges' in the Supreme
Court of California, who receive an an
nual salary of $«k». The Chief Justice of
& e Jk n!le<l State. Supremo Court recefves
JIO.OOO a year, the Associate Justice, J^T.)
Vfff;,™ Superior Judges of the Sute
of California receive a salary of $«>» a
year. The presiding officer of the House
of Representatives and of the AMembly
In California is called the Speaker moi>
VARIOUS COINS-S. M w.. Annette
Cal. There never were United States two
cent pieces in copper, but there were
bronze two-cent pieces, first Issued in 1*64
and discontinued In 1572. In 1573 proofs "of
such were struck off. but th coins wVre
not for genera! circulation. The ££•
of silver three- pieces was "*»"
tlnued In 1*63 There were two patte^na
of quarters of ISM issued. The one wa.
with Liberty seated beside a shield h^
in X a pole with liberty cap on it in lift
hand: "Quar. Dol." under the eagle The
NAME FOR A BOY-S. D. , City. If you
muat name your son with a name com
mencing with the letter L you mieht
name him: Laba^n. which means white
Lambert. Illustrious with landed po^ll'.
•ions; Lancelot, a little angel: La' rsi nc«
or Lawrance. crowned with laurel [1»«
ru£ God will help: Leander. lion man"
Lebeu* praise: Lemuel, created by God :
Leonard. strong or brave as a lion- il? t '
nida. lion like: Leopold. bold for the d*.,!
Pl«: Levi. adhesion: Lewis. Ludovlc! Lv
dowic. Louis, all meaning bold warrior :
Linus flaxen haired; Lionel, younr limy
Llewellyn. lightning; Loamml. my peonie '
Lorenzo, crowned with laurel; Cot v. i :
Lubln beloved friend: Luclan. Vprunc
from Lucius; Lucius, born at break of
day; Luke or Luca*; Luther. Illustrious
warrior, and Lycurgus. wolf driver.
HYPNOTISM— A. D. R. Eureka Cal
Dr. James Balrd, a Scottish surgeon of
Manchester, who made a close study of
mesmerism, became convinced of th'c-a
things: First, that the sleep Induced wa*
In most cases real; second, that the mes
meric phenomena depended not on in-*
power of the operator, but on the physi
ological condition of the patient; nn<i
third, that an unusual cerebral condlttoa
was thus caused to be classed with som
nambulism or insanity. He gave to thU
condition the name hypnotism, a nam*»
that has been since renerally adopted. H«»
gave he following direction for inducing
the phenomena. espriany the peculiar
sleeplike condition: Take a silver t.-r.
cet case or other bright object and aold
it bet -.«.-■ f.r.gers of the left hanl
about twelve inches from the eyes of tha
person experimented on In such a posi
tion above the forehead as to prodjr©
the greatest strain on the eyes compati
ble with a steady fixed stare at the cb-
Ject. The individual must be directed to
rivet his mir.d en the object en which h*
Is gazir.tr. His pupils will flrrt contract,
but will *oon dilate consllderably. and if
after they are well dilated the first and
second ring of the operator's right
hand, extended and a llttie separated. ar«»
carrle<l from the object toward the eye«,
the eyelids will probably clo?« with a \l
bratory motion. After ten or fifteen ttc
onds have elapsed It will be found that
the Individual retains his arms and l*v*
In any position in which the operator
places thtx. It will tdro be found that
all the special senses, excepting s'.cht. ara
at first extremely «calt»d. a* ,-ir* also
the mu'C'Jiar wm ami ser.slMillty r»f
heat and cold: but after a time the ex-ilt
atlon of function Is followed hy 'a star*
of d*»pres-<!on far greater than th<* torpor
of natural sleep. The patient ia thea
thoroushly hypnotized.
WEDDING ANNIVERSARIES -M .
City. The following Is the ordinarily
recognized list of wedrtlr.g anniversaries:
First. Iron; fifth, wood: tenth, tin: fif
teenth, crystal: twentieth, china; twenty
fifth. l!nen; fortieth, woolen; forty-fifth,
fifth, linen- fortieth, woolen: forty-fifth,
silk: fiftieth, golden; seventy-fifth, dia
mond.
There is another l!«t of anniversaries
which I* ax follow.*: First, cotton: seron'l
paper: third, leather: fifth, wooden «Invi
tations to be printed on thin sheet.* of
wood i ; seventh, woolen; tenth, tin linvi
tations on tinfoil paper*: fifteenth, crystal
(Invitations on card.-* with n fine rbua
finish); twentieth, china invitations on
paper with a <l*ad white surfure re«ern
bling chlnawaroc twenty-fifth, silver (in
vitations silvered letters on fine white m
per): thirtieth, pearl (Invitations on pap—
of pearl shade; fortieth, ruby (invitation*
on turkey red paper, envelopes to matchi:
fiftieth, golden Unvltatlor.s on heavy
white or cream pnp»r. printing in rich rl'.t;
letters); seventy-fifth, diamond tlr.vita
tlons in clear letters on the heaviest and
finest paper, envelopes to match)
HOW MUSHROOM CATSUP IS MADE.
— E. J. E., City. Mushroom catsup in
made by placing alternate layers of mush
rooms and salt la an earthernware pan.
using a quarter of a pound of salt to
two quarts of mushrooms. After six
hours the mushrooms are broken Into
pieces and set In a cool place for thre«
nays and stirred every morning. After
ha the mushrooms are strained and to
every quart of juice ;.- added half an
ounce each of allspice and ginger, half
a teaspoonful of mace and one teas;>oon
ful of Cayenne pepper. This Is thenput
in a closely covered stone Jar. which Is
placed In a pan of boiling water a: al
lowed to boil briskly for five hours Th*
material so boiled is then placed li» a
porcelain pan and allowed to »imm»
gentlv for half an *u>ur. It Is then al
lowed to stand overnight In a" cool plare
to settle. The clear liquor Is decanted a-.l
placed In bottles filled to the mouth an'i
these are tightly corked. It H prefemMj
to use small bottles, because If large onei
are used and opened the catsup deterior
ates before the contents are used. In pre
paring catsup no copper vessel should b«
used or even a copper or brass platM
spoon. Neither should any lead vcMr 1 b*
used. Mushroom sauce Is madf by ualn*
one tablespoonful of butter melted anl
Into which, while hot. two table.*poonfu's
of flour an* stirred. being sifted gradu
ally and rubbed until smooth. Then thera
is added a glass of milk and crrarn
then take the mixture from the fire a-.i
put in a handful of mu«hninm.«, add Dap
per and salt to taste and steam for a lit
tle while.
Cal. gUceJruit V< per lt> at TowTi«end-».«
Mocha. C»m«.i» PHtftch* for »r.ir#« >ns LArkla.
Special information supplied daily t>
business house, and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's). Slj Mon'
gom«ry street Telephone Main IJC •
Appraiser Lunt Here.
United States Gcnerat Appraiser T.Tint Is
visitlns the Aprralsrr'i store for tht pur
pom of cxamlnlrtK Into several ra<^s of
disputed appraisement* and cf renortinc
the lame to th« board In New York
Where Canal Boats Ride on Car*
No railroad In the I'nlted Bute« otters as fir.*
an opportunity for the study of the o!d caral
systems of the F»pt as the Lackawann* Itvl
road. For miles Its track follows the oM Mn-
rl« and Esuex canal, built before th» raUroal
*■** dreamed of. for the purpose of bringing
coal from the mountains to th» great ctty <f
New Tork. A canal In a mountainous region |i
a thing of wcnder. and th« traveler has numer
ous opportunities of viewing the curious ir.i
ehlnery by which th« canal boats am drawn ni
th« hills on railroads to strike the, canal at a
new level. or lowered from the canal 'm m »
hither level, to continue further down th«
mountain. This old canal, though ms*-eovtre4
and bordered by the mc*t magnificent shruh
berr. Is still used, and the trawler «<•»• frcm
time, to time on* of the old boats moving alawly
through the limpid waters, with sleepy mu!«*
(or motive power.
» » ■ -
Travelers should know that Dr. Steven's An.
goatura Bitters neutralizes Impurities la waur
>nd correct » stomach trocblea.Aocal
RAINEY WILL NOT NAME
THE FIRE COMMISSION
Phelan Has Turned Down the
Appointment of Boyd.
Fhe Mayor Will Go to Los Angeles to Make
Speeches and No Announcements Are
Expected for Some Weeks,
CD will not reign
through th« first of the Charter
>mrs as a member of tho Fire i
Commission. Mayor Phelsn has de- !
cided that much, notwithstanding
the pressure that Sam Rain.y has brought j
to bear, iioyd was the first of those. I
whom Rainey h&nde*l out as his. choice for j
the. Flro Commission, and it was Just j
there that Mr. Rainey g<>t off wrong, j
Boyd. although a Ktinch Democrat, has '<
been no admirer of Phelan. In fact, he j
fee ha» be«n an enemy to such an extent
that he baa, like the Salvation Army.
he;d meetings at every corner and taken
(Or his text the wrongdoings of the ex- j
ecutSve, and during the campaign did •
much missionary work for tho Mayor's
opponents.
Uoyd kept bus antagonism no secret
from Phelan; h» west *o far a* to writo j
him notes concerning It during the late |
fight, and the Mayor has taken due notice j
cf 'he fact. He ha« noticed it to that ex- j
tent thai he J.as Informed Mr. Rair.ey. I
through their usu.il medium, that Mr.
Boyd would fcot prove acceptable to the
administration, and that Frank O. Ed
wards would probably fall into the posi
tion for which Hoyd was* scheduled.
Edwards was in the tlrst place an ap
;■:::•- cf Kalney'e. but the ish street
Lous Intended to force him In as one of i
Ihe Republican members of the board. '
BOt withstanding that the only Republican
I.c ever voted U<r was John I>. Siebe. Phe
lan. however, has taken notice of his
tianch Democracy and Mlled him as the |
( o-worker of George Bowen on the Demo
cratic end of tlu- commission. On the Hi I
;>uMlcan end Cieorge R. Fletcher is the |
only candidate actually scheduled. It w.is i
Fletcher who first brought Phelan into
public notice by nominating him for the I
presidency of tho Associated Improve
ment Clubs, and since that time he has
Veer a consistent ...... supporter
of Phelan's administration, although dur
r- 5 < GENTLY
Aun RnwFi c^Wffla \^^^S>
EFFECTUALLY, B^ffl
OVERCOMES roH STWTio|^H
tn "
• BV/y-THErQENWINE-MANFD I BY
(M!?RNIAITGSYRVP(<?
Latest Political News
' Ing successive campaigns he has worked
his hardest for the success of Republican
l candidates. Joseph Marshall, .v mem-
I b*r of 'he present commission, is men
! tinned frequently as th«? second Republi
can member, but nothing has as yet been
handed down to confirm that belief,
I Next tn the Fire Commission ihe Police
Commission Is at present giving rise to
the greatest speculation. Although It has
come as straight as things do come from
the Mayors otlice that Stewart MenzW-s
l« to be made one of that body, the prise
ones are paying that R. J. Town, a mem
ber of the present Commission, will buc
coed himself and displace Menzles. Mr.
Tohin Js ono of those whom Mayor Phe
lan classes as representative citizens, and
besides his son. Joseph Tobln. is one of
the incoming Hoard of Super and
the executive is at present making all the
friends he can in that body.
It Is finally settled that the ability of
uJ, y , • cl «P nt at ground and lofty
political tumbling has won him ■ place
on the Civil Service Commission. Mr
< lement was conspicuous for a time as a
Republican aspirant for office, but failing
In his ■-:•■- turned otherwise and ap
peared during the late campaign as a suit
porter of Phelan. Unlike Hallldl. Ilrit
tyn I et Me*'), he did not rush Into print
but conducted his campaign for subse
quent office quietly. His reward Is to
come for that reason The other two of
tho deserting clique, it is understood, will
bo turned down cold and will receive no
more than the reward they are alleged to
have received for uppendlng their names
to certain political document* which ap
peared during the late campaign.
For the Board ..f Public Works the
names of F. W. Dohrmann and C E
Grunsky are still most prominent al
though it comes from the Inside that the
Mayor will offer neither the position. Mr
j rmann. It Is understood, is too much
i tied up In his private affairs to accept ser
; vice for the city, and Grunsky has gained
too wide a reputation as a political
hanger-on to be desirable. In their stead
George McGillvray Is now being m«n
tloned. McGlllvray has been not only a
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1899.
hard and successful worker for Mayor
Phelan, but has been one of the el<
X itive has had He Is
a civil engineer of unquestionable ability.
and during bis exj- v] the
iiirectinn of hundreds of men engaged
work or another. Although he
DSldered as one of the most com
petent of the candidates for the Board of
rubllc works, it Is more than probable
i that his services ami ability will be re
1 with some other Important office.
There wIH l>e no official announcements
from the Mayor's office for some weeks
•me; Oavln McNan went up into
Tuoinmne County Sunday to argue n suit
in which he is engaged, and Mayor
Phelnn will !*>nv<- in a day or so for bOS
Angeles, whero he is scheduled to make
'1 of his well-known patriotic
es. It Is said his Honor will also
' time in the Smith In recuper
ating from the fatigues of the campaign
and giving to Intended appointing
time and though of which he Is deprived
here by the Importunities of friemls of
the Innumerable candidates.
COMMITTEE TO MEET
TO SAVE THE WATER
The first meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California Water and Forest
Association will open next Saturday aft
ernoon In this city. There are twenty
nine members of the committee and the
most of them are expected to he present,
as the work In hand is the framing of the
whole work of the association for a lon*
period. According to Secretary Fried
lander there are many things to be con
sidered. The plan of raising money for
the preliminary expenses suggested by
William Thomas, the president of the as
sociation, will probably be brought for
ward. Mr. Thomas thinks It will not be
difficult, by thoroughly organizing the
friends of irrigation In all parts of the
State, to get 25,000 members to pay 13 each
for membership dues. Some plan is nec
essary to get the requisite funds to pro
vide for the current expenses for some
time, as the struggle will be long before
the Impounding of the State's flood waters
can be accomplished.
The campaign, it Is recognized, will be
one of education, and there will be some
way provided to bring all persons and con
cerns into touch that may co-operate for
the common end. President Thomas be
lieves that all the committee members
will have some well delinod ideas on this
and other branches of the association's
work. The call for the first meeting of
the committee was delayed that all might
have a chance to think various matters
over at leisure. The constitution and by
laws are more matters of form to be con
sidered, for the principal provisions were
adopted by the convention ns a whole —
those relating to organization.
Probably the committee will not be able
to flnlsh its work in one day. If all mat
ters have not been disposed of by Satur
day night the consideration will be pro
longed until final determination can be
reached. One of the questions to arise
will probably be the enlistment of Con
gress in the direction of doing something
toward having a topographical survey of
th<> State All the help that the Govern
ment win give will be welcomed. The
letters received so far from the members
Of the executive committee since the nd
kmrnment of the State convention have
ieen encouraging.
GAGE MAY APPOINT A
UNITED STATES SENATOR
Burns Would Prefer an Extra
Session of the Legislature.
The Governor May Settle the Question by
Selecting General Barnes or Irving
M. Scott for the Toga.
THERE is a deal of talk In political
circles that Oovemor Gage will
Bet tie the (juestlon of the vacant
Benatorshlp for the present by ap
pointment. The talk is prompted by
the reports from Washington that the
Peniite will admit Mr. (juay of Pennsyl
vania on his certificate of appointment by
the Oovernor of that Stat«v
It Is known that the Governor of Cali
fornia 1b not chnrmed with the Idea of
calling the members of the legislature
together in extra session, and If he can
tlnd any way of filling the vacancy other
than the special session plaa be will not
hesitate to grasp it.
The question Is frequently asked. Whom
will the Governor appoint? Six months
ago the opinion wm universally expressed
that D. M. Ruins would be named, but
the views of politicians in this regard
have undergone a change. .Men who were
next to Hums at Sacramento last winter
and still retain his confidence assert posi
tively that the colonel will not SCO
commission by appointment. He i-; nn.x
i'.us for an extra session, believing or pro
fessing to belleVe that he would lie the
caucus nominee Stories to the effect that
Burns has the promise of a sufficient
number of votes to control the proposed
caucus have no more foundation In fact
than the frequently repeated Statement!
Inst winter had that he would be elected
(1 Thursday."
There Ik one good reason why Burns
does not desire to be appointed to the
I'nlted States Senate. He is fully 00D
hcIous of the fact that his term of service
In the Senate would be brief. He recog
nizes that the Senator appointed by Gov
ernor Gage must be the Republican can
didate before the people In the campaign
of 1900, when members of the Legislature,
will be chosen. Burns has sufficient poll
LANE HELPED
FREE SILVER
AND MR. BRYAN
How the Money Was
Handled.
Dispatches received in San Francisco
from New York and Chicago disclose the
fact that a suspicion exists In th.- Ea.st
that the Democratic National Committee
received large Bums of money In IS%
which were not accounted for. The rumor
Is circulated that Charles D. I/in« con
tributed a handsome sum of money to the
campaign fund and that there Is no record
of the receipt of the contribution.
Inquiries made among the \\> 11-informed
Democrats In San Francisco do not estab
lish the truth of the statement that I.nne
contributed directly to the Democratic
campaign fund. Kane li a cheerful giver.
He nave so generously of his means to
help the cause of the free tllverltea that
he was advised by his business associates
to beware of the bunko schemes of clever
politicians. The impression exists that
Lane personally assisted Bryan, but me
extent of the assistance is not mentioned.
"The fact that C D. Lane spent per
haps $100,000 in the Interest of Mr. Bryan
and free silver is not any secret." said a
member of the silver party's State execu
tive committee of 1&36. "Of course, when I
say Lane. I mean Lane and Hobart. for
I understood that they contributed joint
ly. Of this money about JSO.OOO was given
to the national committee, $20,000 to the
State silver party and I believe $1000 to the
Democratic State Central Committee. A
great deal has been said about the ex
penditure of Lane's money In this State,
and that much of it was squandered. Peo
pie who talk this way are not acquainted
with the facts. The silver party's finances
were handled in the. most businesslike
way, and Mr. Lane was really personally
responsible for the contraction and pay
ment of every bill.
"The silver committee in this State orig
inated with Mr. Lane. He did not coincide
with some of the methods of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, and de
cided to have an independent campaign.
He named all the officers of the commit
tee, and 1 think that among them were
Attorney George W. Baker and ex-Senator
Frank J. Moffltt. The, executive commit
tee planned a very complete campaign,
and Mr. Lane attended to the financial
end. Every bill was authorized from his
ofttce. and after being Indorsed by Judge
Lawlor and the oJßoen of the executive
committee it was taken back to Lane's
office. In the Hobart building, where his
own bookkeeper and cashier finally audit
ed it and paid the money. The. books
showing the handling of the campaign
fund show that It was one of the most
businesslike pieces of politics ever done
in this State.
"If I remember aright, the Democratic
State Committee asked Lane and Hay
ward for a contribution and received
$1000. but I am not certain of this, though
I know the rum was no larger
"But it was to the national committee
that Lane gave the most coin. At the
St. Louis sliver convention Lane paid for
almost everything. Had It not been for
him the hall micht not have been ob
tained, and he gave Immense sums to the
prosecution of the campaign."
OFFICIAL RESULT DECLARED.
Successful Candidates Get Certificates
of Election.
The Election Commissioners met yester
day morning to declare the official results
of the recent election based on the can
vass of the semi-official returns. Resolu
tions were adopted certifying to the num
ber of votes polled by each candidate, as
published In Sunday's Call. Those having
the highest number of votes were official
ly declared elected. Mayor l'helan. Aud
itor Wells and City Attorney Lane took
their oaths of office .before Registrar Step
pacher immediately. All the certificates
of election have been engrossed In One
etyle and candidates are requested to ap
pear before the Registrar and be sworn In.
Their bonds must be tiled with the Aud
itor before January 1. The Auditor will
file his bond with the County Clerk In a
few days.
A demand for $100. presented by Deputy
Registrar W. H. Riekarri for extra work
In supervising and routing of supplies and
arranging routing precincts for field depu
ties and the block system, was denied by
the Commissioner*. Registrar Steppacher
made a strong plea for his chief deputy,
who, he. said, had worked many hours
overtime In preparing for the election, but
National
tlcal sagacity to comprehend that he
would be beaten out of sight were the
question submitted to the people. Hence
he desires an extra session of the existing
Legislature, so that if chosen his term
would last Jive years.
Since the inauguration of thp f
Republican Stnt- administration Burns
has secured pretty much all the patron
age at the disposal of the Governor, fto
much has been given that Gage is quoted
as saying: "Burns has had enough, and
I propose to recognize others." Politician?
do not regard it as a sure thing by any
means that Burns will be tendered tre
Senatorial appointment. There is plenty
of gossip to the effect that General Bar i. s
Is highly regarded by the Governor. Irv
ing IL Scott Is also mentioned as another
favorite. It Is common rumor that *'•;{%>■
entertains lofty admiration for the ora
torical abilities of General Barnes, and
fancies the general would, as I
States Senator, retlect great honor on
California. Again, it Is asserted that Gen
eral Barnes, as the logical Republican
nominee before the Legislature whl--h
convenes In January. 1901. would display
such ability In the campaign nex
that the Republicans wuld run the \a-k-
Islatnre, even if Mayor Phelan wtth his
local prestige were put forward as the
millionaire candidate of the Democratic
party.
All the politicians agree that the ap
pointed Senator must be the recognized
nominee of the Republican party at the
next regular session of the Legislature.
<>f course, the Governor could appoint at
the present time and call an exrr;i
of the Legislature next summer to Indorse
the appointment or elect a new man. but
sneb a proceeding is highly Improbable, as
there is a limit to the patience of the peo
ple.
on Mayor Phelan's statement that Rlck
ard bad nnly acted In the line of his duty
and that n>> statutory officer could be al
li wed extra pay for overtime the claim
was not allowed.
It Is und.-rstood that the recounts of
Karnham f'<r PuM:<* Administrator. O'Don
i:«-ll for Coroner, Peusler for Treasurer
and Henderson for Supervisor will bn
comm< ■ • ■
CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS
Deputy Surveyor St. John and Deputy
Naval Officer Maslin Will Take
the Non-Competitive.
Deputy Customs Surveyor Chauncey m.
St. John and Deputy Naval Officer Edwin
W. Maslln received ye.«terday from the
president of the Civil Service Commlss'on
at Washington a notice that they would
be required to take the non-competitive
examination provided for by the rules and
by the terms of President McKlnley s
proclamation of last May. Th • proclana
tion of the President provide.* that the
officers named, together with some others,
shall be exempt from the civil service
provisions and shall be required to take
it non-competitive examination for the
purpose, of testing the capacity of tiie
appointed person for the offic».
The news created considerable talk In
the Custom-house among those who did
not understand the fi«,j>,. of the Presi
dent* proclamation, anil it was reported
that the notice to stand the examination
was an indication that the two deputies
named were to be placed under the man
tle of civil service. This report Is un
founded. The rule Is that the deput.es
named and special deputies like Stanley
Jackson not under civil service shall take
a ■competitive examination in order
to determine whether the incumbents are
competent to discharge the duties of the
ofllce. Th» s:.m«- rule applies to the chief
deputy in '.he office of the Collector of In
ternal Revenue. It is expected that Mr.
Jackson will receive a similar notice In a
day or two.
STATE OFFICERS`
SALARIES CUT
Reduction Amounts to
$16,992 Per Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17.— A cut wu
made this afternoon in the salaries of
the employes of the State Hospitals fur
the Insane, which will result In a truss
savins to the State of 116.993 per year.
This action was taken by the State Com
mission Of Luna- >.
The Governor Introduced a resolution
favoring: the employment of a woman
physician in those hospitals where there
are three assistant physicians. He said
he would rtsk the next Legislature to pro
vide a separata asylum for we men physi
cians.
The new schedule of the salaries will
affect the leading positions at the vari
ous State hospitals for the Inxane a* fol
lows: N.ipa— Medical superintendent, old
salary $3500. new > alary «000; first assist
ant physlclin. old ealary $2500, new $1>WO;
second aeslbtant, old salary • $2500. new
$1900. The salary of third assistant re
mains at ?ISOO.
Stockton— Medical superintendent, cut
from 13500 v $.1000; first assistant, cut
from $2500 to $2100; second assistant, cat
from $2500 to $1900; third assistant, cat
from $2500 to $1900.
At Mendocino the salary of the medi
cal superintendent will remain as at pres
ent. $3000 per year.
At AgnewH it Is reduced from $3500 to
$3000; at th« Southern California Hospital,
from $3500 10 $3000, while In each Instance
the salaries of assistants have been read-
Justed in a manner calculated to disturb
the enjoyment of Thanksgiving among
the Incumbents.
HENDERSON HELPED
TO FRAME REED RULES
WASHINGTON. Nov. 27.— There is no
probability of any material change of the
to-called Reed rule" in the House. The
Influence of Mr. Henderson will b*
strongly exerted against any change.
In this connection I was given some In
teresting Information to-day that has
never before been published regarding
t)i' way in which the Reed rul«s »>ii
framed, and showing that Mr. Henderson
played a very important part In threlr con
struction. At the beginning of the Flfty
flrst I'onjfrens there was a contest for
the Ppenkershlp between Mr. Reed of
Maine, Mr. McKinley of Ohio, Mr. Cannon
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
TrUDE AWAKENING.
"It Is too late, madam; your daughter cannot live." Oh, mothers! do
not wait for these heart-breaking words regarding those you love. Are
your daughters pale, weary, languid? Do they have much headache and
backache during their monthly periods? These are nature's warnings to all
sensible mothers. They need a pure, gentle stimulant.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
is a specific and safe remedy for these ills peculiar to young women. It
acts directly on the vital organs, stimulating them to healthy action, aids
digestion and circulation, thus removing all Irregularities and danger of
quick consumption. It will rarely give your daughters strength and rosy
cheeks, and fit them for their useful sphere in life as healthy, happy wives
and mothers.
The following letter of Miss Carson will interest every woman:
H7 Columbus Aye.. New Tork. •
Gentlemen:
Mjfef^.Q*i\^. DurlnK th** i.i!«t »umm»r I became vtv mrh
JKSf run down in health and lost ab«.ut thirty p>iunda I
'T SI ■uffered untold n*-.ny. f)ITKVS t'VHK I AFT
>«»k i"---* WHISKEY wa« re<-..mm*nded to m.- hy a -— 1.
HB fißi> ?EJLj whi| '• l1 ' 1 " "' IV '" I hrr "'- l hnd my doubtn »»■• ut
J/r/,. .ic** SPy fMv llt l)Ut i ' hou^ nt . *<i would try It. Urt'\ am now on my
t -F** f^r It. but 1 • 1 woald tr\ i' I . n i, a n my
- Jii . V fourth bottle, in 1 I ma- >>ny thht It ha» done m«»
f^r.'- jyl/-, more Kc<o\ than all other me€llc!n»*». and. I tried »*V-
<^jpK»/t7 ■^— — • frf'}/f »nil I had a much, th- doctor »ald my lunK* •»■«►»••
hjg^WS. F^\v/'t affrrted. I had InillK^stlon. 1-ackarhe and hen.lache
y *&£s•** szif *~2 r V/ I. •"'• Wtt|l Kreatly tmubJe-l wi: • painful men«trua-
'/;*s%£ •SXmjjJ}' -> ! ten I also had numtmfH In my limb* An *-'-n
<— -^^St'i^^S* 1 ' "VkAiVr ' * a " ! »>*K*n «■> «■>•«' y"«' r MALT ll lB Kin I felt
~ »*" 1 "-^-*— -- / better, until n.iw niy i.-h ha« nil Ifft me, mr
lunns ore jierfectly sound. I ha\-e no mur* headarh*
*• . y-jf •" 1 ( \&^^J or f) ' lp kai-h»». and I d<:n"t know what pafn l« I can
iT/^THl!!*v | rnt anythlnif and It a*re»* with m.> I am con-
.' ' vln« «-.! all my trouble* came from lmpoverli»h»«l
h1n.,,1 n n ,\ ponr clrrulntlon. I can't »«v enough In
praise of your excellent WHIRKFTT. I think It In the vreate<it medicine on earth. Every
woman nhould know about It. I r»rommend it to any one ... a* I did. an I think It
Is a Ood-vend to women.
FIMM send me your book of Information. Oratefully your*. CLARA m CAHSOM.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT is the only Whiskey taxed by the Govern-
ment as a medicine. This Ii ■ guarantee. Beware of imitations. Ke sure
you get the genuine. Druggists usually soil !t. If yours docs not. a bottle
will be sent you, prepaid, for $1.00. Six for $5.00. Duffy's Formula for Con-
sumption. $1.00 a bottle, Book of valuable information and mlvlc»» sent free
on application.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.. Rochester. N. T.
of Illinois, Mr. Hurrows of Michigan and
Mr Henderson of lowa. After Mr. Reed
had been selected he called upon the four
unsuccessful candidates to confer with
him at his rooms In the Shoreham Hi tel
en the subject of rules of the House. The
five pcntlemen had several meetings,
which resulted In th. framing of the Heed
rulrs. which were subsequently reported
to the House and adopted. It thus appears
that Mr. Henderson has a certain amount
of pride of authorship of the rules. It Is
known ho considers them a dlhtlnct ad
vance upon any rules the House had ever
had previously, and he Is not disposed to
favor any material modification.
NEW BASIS OF
REPRESENTATION
Plan for Republican Na
tional Convention-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILWAUKEE. Nov. 27.— Henry C.
Payne, the Wisconsin member, will pre
sent at the meeting of the National Re
publican Committee In Washington, on
December 12, a resolution recommending
a change In the basis of representation la
future Republican national conventions.
The resolution Is as follows:
Whereas, The present baaia of representation
In national conventions Ik unjust and unequal,
and believing that this Injustice should l>- rem
edied: therefore
Resolved, That the Republican National Com
mittee recommend to the next national conven
tion that a new b&nls of representation be es
tablished as follows: Each State to be entitled
to four delegates at large and one additional
delegate for each 10.000 votes, or fraetloln
thereof, cast at the last Presidential election
for Republican electors; and four delegates
from each organlzt-d Territory and ■■■*■ District
of lumbla: and be it further
Resolved. That In allotting delegates to the
several Mates as provided, aside from dele
»ate» at large, th«y shail M divided a- nearly
as practicable among the several Concessional
districts of the State: the basis shall be the
same, and where It Is necessary to unite one
or more Congressional districts for th« purpose
of carrying out this resolution contiguous dis
tricts may be united.
If the plan proposal by Mr. Payne be
recommended by the National Committee
and a\dopt*d by the convention, Alabama
would have nine delegates. Arkansas
eight. Flordla five, Georgia ten. Louisiana
«lx. Mississippi live and South Carolina
live— ■ total of 49. Instead of 121, as under
th»- present apportionment.
The other til I r«eni ■ would be: Colorado
one, Idaho one, -Montana on»\ Nebraska
two. Nevada on*. North Carolina two,
Tennessee live), Texas nine. Utah one, Vir
ginia six and Wyoming one.
The Increases would be: California ono.
Connecticut three. Illinois seventeen, In
diana six. lowa seven. Maryland two.
Massachusetts two. Michigan five. Minne
sota live. New Hampshire two, New Jer
sey six, Hew York fourteen. North Da
kota one. Ohio eleven. Oregon one. Penn
sylvania thirteen, Vermont one. West Vir
ginia two and Wisconsin seven.
The representation of the other States
would remain as now. The total number
of delegates would be KM, as at present.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA "^"2
B Ssco. ALL INDORSE
SAN FRANCISCO. nLttj IiIUVII«Jt-
Jacob Lltt'i great end-of-the-century Military
Spectacle.
SHENANDOAH
THE OREATEST TRIUMPH OF
MODERN THEA'TRICALb.
I PF.OPL t. I '^i^' |HORBtiR
I«SMHi«^MBB^BVaBV I I
A STUPENDOUS
BATTLE SCENE
No Increase In price* ... ••■»'■ 7*. Me. Re
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
BPECIAL NOTICE.-Thls theater will b*
clA*ed next week for five nUhts for redecoratlon
and re"alr«; will reopen Saturday Evening. D»|
cember S. , I
THIS EVENING. THIS F.VFNINO. I
THE MASKED BALL
("Vn Ball" In Maschera.")
SATURDAY NIOHT. SATURDAY NIOHT.
"CAVALLCRJA" "nd "PAGLIACf I."
SUNDAY NIOHT - - "OTHELLO."
The Enormously Successful Comic Opera.
'•-THE MOOl~«H."
Wednesday. Thursday. Friday Nights. Saturday ,
Matinee.
Th.nk,glrlng W^« t|||T - Btu( n ... Nlfht ...
TOPULAR PniCES ■ - - - - 2.v and 50c.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK. KSSPfm
laughable! Startllr.g! Funny! Unique!
The Strongest Hill Yet Presented.
Professor Hill An the hlirh wire: the Razzle-
C'axile. the Jeffrles<Fltzsimmons fight: nicyele
Circus; Roman Carrou*el; A. rial Trolley; Barrel
of Love; Human Cage; Blower; War R-h. -n.
and a host of others.
TUaksfi*i>f Tarkiy Bh.»t at th» Rlflt Bmgit
A'lm{j>sion 10c. Including a ride on the horses.
Handsome presents to the winners.
CHUTES ANDZOO.y^X'"
FRANK HALL
Bubduln»; "Wallace." the Monster Lion.
MAJO/t mire major mite
In His Oreat Imitation of Cornlllc.
High Diver and a Great Show.
To-Morrow, Wednesday, Night,
AMATEUR MIKADO MINSTRELS
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
AMUSEMENTS. •. '
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN IK.
FEfOND AND LAST WEEK
Of Rice's Famous Extravaganza.
Evangeline!
LAST WEEK r>f Cnarte* ||. Jones" Mm of
Patriotic Colors ty Il'iiutlful Otrls.
The Uoat En).>ynble Entertainment In th- City.
EXTRA MATINEE THANK.SUIVINU DAY.
Next Week-"!!tS MAJESTY." Libretto by
Peter Robertsr.n an.l music by H. J. Stewart.
t'»ua! Price*. t"c. IV, V-c. i:>c. IC<\
00.j.1 (Swerved JVat at Matinee, T-c.
Bras Ticket Office Emporium.
CALIFORNIA THEATER &•
to THE public.
In accordance with Mr. Frawlej-'s accustomed
policy to give hi* ritmns a novelty us ■ fi'.i
hs possible, the (treat i:nglnh Racing Drama,
• i lit -I* Ril.>G OUCHES-.,"
Th;it has met with !«tirh tremendous success,
will be presented f,> r ONE WEEK ONLY.
Therefore, secure your s»-nt.« at once.
KKMF.MHKIt the Fpeclal Thxnkxclvln* Mat-
inee on Thursday. l>ual Matinee on Saturday
only.
CPP The Great Derby Race,
' - t->t -> The Sale at Tattersall.
The Keidmentnl Hall.
The Trial Scene at Ersom.
The Eolaoda at the Paddock.
Thoroughbred Horse*. Genuine Jockeys. Heal
Trainers.
Positively No A«lvnnc«> In Prices.
Next Sunday Night \N ENEMY TO THE
KING."
ALCAZAR THEATER.
THIS CTUESDAT) • .FIT
ANI> ENTIRE WEEK
MATINEE THANK- . DAT.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY PROGRAMME.
THE ALCAZAR PLAYERS,
Presenting a Play of Modern English Llfo
Entitled
Saints « Sinners
A Delightful Play Full of Human Interest.
Next Wcfk-F*ranrU Powers' Mexican Trag*
' d> "MOTHER EARTH.'?
Music by Emlle A. Rrusuler* Jr.
A DILL THAT DREW THOI'SANDS AND
PLEASED THEM ALL.
The Queen of Cotnl: Opera,
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE !
And the following Vaudeville £tar>: A. D.
RoniNS. PETE RAKKR. SIGNOH ALHINI.
CORA STI'ART 4 O).. LA PETITE MtUNON,
RICK ml ELMER: LI ■ IF. VERDIER. AMER-
II AN UIOGRAPII.
Reserved BeaU 2Sc; Palcony. 10c; Oper*
Chair* and Rox Heats. We.
Matinees vYe>lnet><!ay Saturday and Sunday
Tickets Now on Sale f.ir the THANKdUIVINO
DAT MATINEE.
ITHE PEOPLES PLAYHOUSE.)
Eddy tad Jones Sta. Phone SOUTH 770.
LAST WEEK.
MATINEE THANKSGIVING PAT. PATUR-
DAY AND SUNDAY.
DON'T MIS 3 SEEING THE GREATEST OF
THEM ALL.
JACOB LITTS VERY DEST.
IN OLD KENTUCKY.
SECURE TOUR BEAT 3 NOW.
Next Friday -"^JOCKEY NIGHT
PRICES:
Evenings Uc. :Sc. tit. Me and 7:c.
Matinee i Kc. 20c. 33c at. 1 fto
GRAND CARNIVAL BALL
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
Thanksgiving Ere., Wednesday, Not. 29th.
TO BE GIVEN nT SAN FRANCISCO
AERIE No. S.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
tun in CASH PRIZES TO «ws
|:&0 MASQI'ERADERS lISO
THREE SPECIAL PRIZES FOR THREE
THREE CAKE WALK. THREE
ADMISSION . .....One TiolUt
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB- 1900
Winter Mcetlnr. November 10 to December %
lv/>. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. T«ie*<Jajr. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or »hin*.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at I II p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boMta leave Ban Francisco at II m. an.i
11:30. 1 110, I t*> and * P- m -» eonneetlns
with trains stopping at the entranc* to th*
track Last two cars on train reserved (or U
dies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
i ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San '**h:- avenue
electria car* at Seventh and lim,niw»y, Oik-
i lond. Also all trains via Alatnr U mot* con-
nect with San Pa bin avenue cars at Fourteenth
and nroadway. Oakland. Th.-»* electrte car*
go direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
i Returning— Trains leave the track at «:U an 4
4:U p. rr. and Immediately after the last me*.
THOMAS 11. WILLIAMS JR.. Prestdeau
1 R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
78
MILLER FLEEING
TOWARD MEXICO
Said to Have Been Seen
at Kansas City.
STORY OF A CHICAGO MAN
TALKED TO THE FRAXXXIN
SYNDICATE OPERATOR.
Polioe of New York Lave*Uffftting
Other Concerns That Ar« Offer
ing Abnormal Profit* to
Investor*.
BpecUS 7>!«j>*tcta to Th» Tall.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 27.— William F.
Miller, the Now York promoter of the
• Franklin syndicate, for whom hundred*
cf detective all over the -try oro on
th« lookout, is reported to have pruned
through Kansas City last Haturdey en
.route to Vera Cruz. Mex. Paul J. M i.w
a. Chicago rcwipajx^r man. who In In this
dtr visiting friends, is quoted as having
•CM and tuJko. :•• Miller on an lnrom
! Ing Maple \y. J traJn. Miller apparently
took th« a si train Houthwest. No fur
ther trace of him ha« b<*»n obtained.
NOW YORK. Nov. 27.— Hubert O. Tay
lor, a lawyer, was aypuinteJ Temporary
receiver fur the defunct Frur.klin Fyndi
. eat<* bank tr>-day by Justlt-e Smith of the
► Supreme Court. The apy.llcation was
made by M. O. Inxtis, «'hn stated that
fc« field twelve- j-lia.ro* in Die enm
pui)r. According to IngHs the liabilities
<\.-.i<l $20J.050. the iwsf :k Wing about
f. J *>o cash in the hands of the police.
T.i>lor was required t.< furnish a bond
cf m.OOO.
The hearing pet for this afternoon In
the caj>« of l»uls H. Miller, brother of
;the missing man. did not take place, ow
ning to th* lHrtrict Attornov not being
trendy to prcv««vd. nr.d the matter w:uj
RdJournfJ until W«*lneiiday morning.
Several wltr.<*.-sos who intend to testify in
Mlll»>r'«« behalf w«to In court. Including
Mlrs iJorne. the young woman In whose
hou»e the mon«*y which vu found by the
'twill-* i» alleged to have bet«n ■• rete\i.
Miller was re&Mtd <in $:«X) ball.
John A. Dailtty, tho ai»F!gneo appointed
'for the bxnk by William F. Mill#r be-
J.>re tfi» latt«»r loft tho city, colled at po-
Il<«' htadfjuartvrs to-dnv ar.d made a de
mand rijion i'.-ijjtum Reynolds for $SM»
.tiiJirn 'TK>m th*' l*loyd-!»tr«*et house. Th«
jcaptalr. r'-fcrreil him to Property Clerk
lllaxchforl. .The latter refu»e«l to turn
the nv>n<>- cvor. t>-!2ing Mr. Dailey It*
.would keep Jt Jr, h;s p<i!»«eitßlon until or
■iSfTvd t't ti«rn it over to him by the courts.
'Mr. ]>a!l»y In all probability will apply
[for a ma:idamus to-murrow morning to
oomrx'l tho property cltrk to give him
tiie money.
Lawyer Robert Ammnn of Nassau
*irret. Manhattan, did not call on Dls-
Xrtct Attorney Ste«« to-day to enlighten
liim as to Hi* whereabout* of his fanner
client. William F. Miller. Mr. Ptoele says
Ji<» la positive that Ammon does not know
•v here Miller is and that he Is as much
fln the dnrk regarding his hiding place as
■th* ;«>!ire are.
The police thus far have found r.o trace
at the missing mvi. letters poured. In to
day from all parts of the country, writ
ton by persons who paid they had been
deceived oy literature that had been sent
l>roadcast by Miller and s:ls employes.
All wantod information as Co tho btst way
tfor them to recover their money. Some
«>f tho writers in their letters stated that
they had d»pm<itM fnrm $2(»0 to JW.
Other tiynulcntes conducted along llr.ea
r'.mllar to the Franklin Syndicate are be
ing Investigated, by the police and by the
restrict Attorney of Kir.pH Omntv. All
institutions conducted on the ■ I blin(i p*>r*
l>osU which promise unusual profit are
linder surveillance.
According to one report Miller succeeded
3n making Ui way to Hoboken on the
day that he e*ca;wd from the, Brooklyn
police and h« U s-ald to have been »>en
en a IVlawar*. Laekaw«nna and Western,
train. presumably en route to Canada.
Other reports have it that h«i Is still in
I '.•'.:•*• In Npw York City, while many per
•tonit bcllev« that lio escaped on ... out
v.ird l»oun<l shlp.
Jui!p) <J. Ajrncw, r-ho says he Is the
nvir.wr of the W«?hlr.gton Syndicate at
II <;reo,t:ix;nt avenue. Hrooklyn. ■*%*
taken lrjto cupto<sy to-dny by tne Brook
lyn pollr* on a warrant ehanrinfc him with
violating section 609 of the Penal Code,
which cay* It 1* a misdemeanor for a per
t«fin to display a bnnker'e Bign on his
j>r«ml!»«-» wlirn lie dr>»? not rate an Buch. .
Arnew also hafl printed on his billheads
"Piiv.Tte Hanker."
Jl" wa» iMer idertir.^d as a person who
four years njro t\a» arrested for runrlnc
policy shops in th* boroucli of Hrooklyn.
The !ndl.-:ment f>>und :iralnst him is still
pecdliiß. linil was fix-d at POO. A?new
will Ijrv«» a hearinc in thu Police Court
to-murrow morrlnc.
SAN JCSE OBJECTS TO
OUTSIDE BILLPOSTERS
-ns Secure the Introduction
' i Licens» Affecting San Fran
cisco Concerns.
FAN JOSE, Nov. 27. —The local billpost
ers jire taking sup» to prevent the Inva
sion of San Praacteoo billposters In the
local Odd. At a mooting of the City Coun
cil to-ilay two ordinances were Introduced
lonkh.s t<> this end. It rtxes ihe license of
Jilllp.iMers at STS j.er quarter, and another
limit!' the * rectum of nipnboar<ln to a
--*.*♦ '»»w ii t ■* ■ i\ T *-*■<- 1^ i^% *^t*<Jo r "to >»**curc t^iQ
!'■ jwr qtmrt^r license the ftrm must maln-
Cain a lo«U n^i-n. A violation of the sign
board ordinance Is punched by a line of
SUM <»r t!:lny «3avs # lmprlKonnient. It 15
rfcid tl:at M-veral firms t.f t)ll!itn!«ter!t of
Ban Iranciseo huve scoured a great many
co!i!r:t^Ts fr<m San Francisco firms for
Mrertisetacnu In th!« city, and propo?od
to «-r*>« % t high Mliboards. Heretofore the
Mercantile Advertl^lnr Company of thl«
rity h«« !ia/l a monopoly of the local busl
*i»fs. The ordinances introduce.l to-day
x%er<> at Its inftsnee. to head off compe
tition. Th^ onJliancrs wore given a first
reading to-day an! a Filial meeting of
the (. our.ril has t>^en called f^r to-morrow
for the purpose of passing them.
UNION MINER FOUND
GUILTY OF CONTEMPT
I'unifhed Because He IgTjored a Court
Order Aimed Ag-ainst Kansas
Strikers.
FORT SCOTT. Kun.v. Nov. 27.— 1n the
Fc-doral Court to-day John P. Reese of
Albla. lowa, a member of the national
executive soard of United Mine Workers
of America, was adjudged guilty of con
tempt and sentenced by Judge Williams
il! *VTJ? th , ri *° months 1 imprisonment in
of JJUO and several hundred dollars costs
<• costs.
lie is now Incarcerated in prison.
, iir. Itocw, with a score or more of othT
union nun. Ignored an Injunction of the
court against wAug on the property of the
•JJIK r».ur' Mlijl::c Company in SoutJi
crti«tern Kansas and urging the non-union
tnlncrH at work there to Join the slrlko
Instituted by the union ajalnst these
other Af
Forgot His Certificate.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. Hong Ling.
Clio of the wealthiest and best known of
facrajneruo's Chinese merchants, a raem-
I>»t of tho flrzn of iSlng Wo & Co., de*i
tr* In general merchandise, is at Victoria,
H. C, and is not ailowed to come home.
He lias iij>;..-a!td to Sacramento friends
m h*lji him. He followed a debtor to Vic
toria to collet a lar^e bill for meats
iM;.jK-d to l'ortland. Mor.g LAtir neplect
ta to Fri a certificate of idcntincatlon and
.he Liiltisl Stat«* Collector at Port Town
*Z r> . 6 . VOUI< I not allow him to land. Papers
tr idi ntltlcation are being made out here.
Oppose Jamaica Treaty.
yj» A.N'JELES. No v. 27.-M. J. Daniels
Sf lilver«lfle loft to-day for Washington
|p remain during the'cominf session of
' '" ) Mr. J..ini,-:« is the repre»enta-
L,\T X t.l 1 * vart "»» Institutions hi South-
H* \"" f " mi« Interested In the orange
S?iii °i i'/ {^7 K^lng and handling and
• ill j.o/1 in the nirtjt against the rail-
JcaUon cf ib« utaty with Jamaica.
""••l— -— — - . — •» >_
MARVELOUS TESTS OF
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Messages Successfully Sent by Milwaukee
Scientists Through the Walls of
Fireproof Vaults.
CHICAGO. Nov. 27.— Professor W. S. Johnson and C. I* Portler of Milwau
kee to-day made a successful twit In this city of the wireless telegraph. They
succeeded In telegraphing without wires through a suite of seven rooms with
all doors closed and through seven walls.
Another test was made, when the signals were conveyed through three fire
proof vaults and an ordinary telegraph switchboard, in which thirty wires
were connected and about forty dead wires were located.
Notwithstanding the fact that this Fwltchboard contained live wires, th«
current passed through all <>f the vaults and through this board. Tills Is one
of the most severe tests that has ever been given wireless telegraphy.
A third test was made. In which the sending instrument was placed Inside
of one of the flteol vaults and both doors were closed and the combination lock
turnod. The f=l»;nrUs were then transmitted clearly from the Inside of the
vault to an adjoining room.
The professor claims that his Invention Is materially different from that
of Marconi, and that instruments may be constructed to be carried on horse
t>ack and be ready for operation within a few moments after they have
reached their destination.
The sending instrument used to-day was intended for Fhort distances only.
The receiving Instrument, however, was complete and ready for use at any
distance.
SUCCESS ASSURED
GOLDEN JUBILEE
The Anniversary of Our
Statehood.
g. - | ] -;.ntrh to Th« Call.
' PAN JOSE, Nov. 27- Extensive prepara
tions aro row under way In this city for
Cflebratlng the- golden Jublleo of the es
tablishment of Statehood on Docember 20.
The general committee having charge of
the affair Is meeting with much en
couruFeraont. The Pioneer societies all
over the State- have accepted invitations
to attend and take part In the parade.
Several thousand *49ers ax» expected to
b* In line.
A representation of the first State Capi
tol bulldinp Is now In process of erection
in City Hall Park, and will be completed
In about a we«k. It Is 60x40 feet and two
stories hlKh. with a porch running alons
one side of It. The building has been
erected over a larpe pulm tree. The tree
stood in the way. and rather than remove
It the house was erected over It. It grows
up throuph tho second floor and will be
an attractive, decoration.
The city will b« decorated with hun
dreds of varl-colorod electric lights swung
across the principal streets, while along
the sidewalks will be evergreen trees.
The Jubilee will open oti Docember CO
ar.d continue until Christmas. A parade
will inaugurate the celebration. The af
ternoon of the first day a representative
legislative Fe*slon will be held.
No one will have a chance to complain
of a lack of entertainment, for there will
b<» plciitv of nport. Games of the early
Spanish settlers will receive their share of
attention. Musical entertainments, socials
and balls have also been planned. The
Ban Jose Pioneers will keep open house
duiinc the entire week, and the members
of other pioneer societies will be looked
after.
ASYLUM COMMISSIONERS
REMOVED FROM OFFICE
Governcr Tanner of Illinois Accuses
Two Men of Malfeasance in
Office.
6PRINGFIELD, 111., Nov. Following
tiie meeting of tho Commissioners of the
Illinois I «vlu:n for Incurable Insane, at
Rartonvllle, near Peoria, Governor Tan
ner to-day removed John W. Wlls->n of
Klnmundy and Morrow P. Reed of ieorlai eorla
from their offices as CommiPßloners. They
»re charged with malfeasance In office in
having appropriated State funds to their
own use, out Governor Tanner Inform* l
t:.»m he would recommend them to the
Grand Jury for an investigation. He said
his reason for recommending them to the
Grand Jury was that he preferred to pn.-s
ecuto h!a own wrongdoers, and not leave
them to his successors in office.
Th* Governor paid to-night It was not
known how much money had been rals
sppropri sited.
BIBLE IN THE SCHOOLS.
Nebraska Superintendent Decides
That It May Be Read.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. Nov. 27.— State Super
intendent Jackson to-day decided that the
Bible may be read In the public schools.
The matter was laid before htm In a case
from Gape County, where one family In
a district wanted the teacher enjoined
from using the book, although all others
favored it. In his decision Mr. Jackson
says:
"There seems to bo nothing In tho law?
of Nebraska that would prevent the sim
ple reading of the liible In our public
JChOOls. 1 am of the opinion that In this
enlightened age and Christian land the
public school teacher ought not to be de
prived of reading, without written or oral
comment, the Bible or of repeating the
Lord's prayer."
IN BUSINESS WITH ALGER.
Root's Private Secretary Returns to
His Former Superior.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— Victor. U Ma
son, private secretary to Secretary Root,
ha* resigned, to engage In business with
General Ru?soll A. Alger. Mr. Mason
served Secretary Alger In the capacity of
private secretary with signal ability
throughout his entire term, and when
General Alger resumed private life he ar
ranged that Mr. Mason should return to
his employ after serving with Secretary
Root until the latter had otherwise pro
vided himself. Now Mr. Mason goes to
Detroit and his place will be filled by K.
H. Coursey of South Carolina, who
throughout the Spanish war served as
private secretary to Adjutant General
Cor bin.
MISS BAKER TO WED.
Senator's Daughter Betrothed to a
Surgeon of the Navy.
I.EAVKNWORTII, Kans.. Nov. 27.— 1t Is
announced that Miss Mary L<ouise Baker,
only daughter of United States Senator
Laden Baker, will be married at her
home this winter to Dr. Lowndes of the
United States navy, now stationed at Ma
nila. Miss Baker has lived here, except
duMr.c the two winters when she was
with her father In Washington and two
years at Vassar College. It waa at Wash
ington that Miss Baker met Dr. Lowndes,
several seasons ago. Dr. Lowndes is ■
brother of Governor Lowndes of Mary
land.
EX-SHERIPF SUED.
El Dorado Official Retains a Large
Sum, Claiming It as Commission.
PLACBRVILLB, Xov. 27.— District At
torney Darlington to-day Instituted a
suit In the Superior Court of this county
against ex-Sheriff George H. Hllbert to
recover the sum of MB, which, it Is al
leged. Hllbert failed to pay Into the coun
ty treasury at the expiration of his term
?h.?T£ c ' Januar >' 1 last - Hilbcrt claims
that the amount sued for waa his le^iti
m«te commission* on llcens*- collections.
HI bert was twice Sheriff of the county.
Kilties! 11111160 ' In local Democratic
«
Crrrae of a Banker.
Montreal. Nov. 27.-W. a. W^lr
president of the defunct Hank Villa Marl/
ma* found guilty to-day of sending to the
«# *th- U * f P J !* e and <>«cept«ve statement
penalty Is fly e years' Imprisonment
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1899.
WIDE-TIRE LAW
IS A FAILURE
Crave Errors Render It
Inoperative.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. Friends of the
good-roads movement throughout the
State will not receive with satisfaction
the announcement that the wide-tire law,
passed by the Legislature two years ago in
the Interest of better highways, and to &o
Into effect January 1. 1&00, will In all prob
ability not be enforced because of the
clumsy errors which appear In It. This
law was one which had been successfully
tried In other States and by the advocates
of good roads in California It was re
garded as a most beneficial measure. The
defects In the law as bungled through tho
Legislature relate to the descriptions of
the axles In defining them for stated tire
widths. For example. It speaks of a "steel
or thimblc-skeln axle," when It means a
steel or Iron thimble-skein axle, and a
"tubular or Iron axle," when It means a
tubular Heel or Iron axle. The strange
thing about the whole matter Is that tho
6tate Bureau of Highways, while working
for four years at a cost to the people of
fso.ooo. could not contrive to get through
the Legislature a law representing what
they wanted and that would have been
couched In proper terms.
Commissioner J. L. Maude blames As
semblyman Linderberger for the mistake
and says that If the question Is not agi
tated too much he will get another bill
through the next Legislature. Meanwhile,
however, the expense of keeping up the
Department of Highways will have to be
borne by the taxpayers, and the good
roads movement will remain where It was
before legislation was attempted In Its
interest.
MINISTERS DENOUNCE
THANKSGIVING FOOTBALL
Chicago Congreg-ationalists Declare It
Contrary to the Purpose of
the Day.
CTnCACO, Nov. 27. -Football as a
Thanksgiving pruvline was strongly con
demned to-day at a meeting of the Con-
Kr. paUonaJ ministers of this city. Reso
lutions were adopted, after a sharp dis
cussion. In which the practice of playing
football on Thanksgiving day was char
acterized as a "disloyal contravention of
nt ■ proclamations and con
trary ti> the spirit and purpose of the
day.
The resolutions nay that such conduct
Is especially to be deplored In organiza
tions connected with Christian Institu
tions—lnjures the best Interest of college
athletics, and must be pronounced a des
ecration of the spiritual tradition* of our
national life by the very persons and In
stitutions whose priVil.-ges and charac
ter nqulre of them to be the first to up
hold and honor the same.
Copies of the resolutions will be sent to
President McKlnley and to the univer
sities nr.med In the resolutions— Chicago
Michigan and Rrown. whoso teams play
in Chicago on Thanksgiving.
SOLDIERS ACQUITTED
OF MANSLAUGHTER
Corporal Fair and Private Jockens of
the Eighth Cavalry, Who Shot
a Deserter, Freed.
OMAHA. Neh.. Nov. 27— Corporal John
8. Fair and Private Hrnry H. Jockeus
were to-day acquitted by court-martial
of manslaughter, the specific charge be
lt c the fthootinc nnd killing of a «le<'lng
desert, r. Private Samuel Morgan, Eighth
try. The shooting occurred at La
Platte, Pan>y County, and at the time
metal* of that county decided that
\h" ends • f Justice would be served if
the military authorities handled the case
Governor I'oyntor. however, dlr«-.ted the
Attorney c;.meral to take the case up m
Ihe event <t a;i acquittal, his Excellency
holdlnp that as long as the cummuiniv
was not under military lnw the shooting
of a fugitive from the guardhoupe was
an arbitrary act and a menace to the
public safety.
SEVERE BLOW TO THE
TELEPHONE COMBINE
Six Men Who Made Its Success Pos
sible Withdraw Their
Support.
PHII«Ar>EL.FHIA. Nov. 27.— The Even-
Ing Hull, tin Kays: The plan to control
aJI of the Independent telephone compa
nh-3 in the T'nitod States and to combine
thf-se with the great tcl. K'ruph companies
anil the llvo Atlantic cable companies, for
which purpose the Telephone. Telegraph
and Cat.:.. Company of America was In
rorp«irt«t>-d oft November 9, with a cap
ital of $50,000,000, received a severe blow
to-day by the withdrawal from the
me of "William P. Whitney, Thomas
P. Ryan, Anthony N. Brady, William U
Blklns, P. A. B. Widner and Thomas F.
Dolan, the men whose support made the
a of the enterprise possible and
• opposition or Indifference may b«
fatal to its existence.
Cost of the Ohio Campaign.
rOLIMRUS, Ohio, Nov. 27— The state
ments of the Republican and Democratic
State campaign committees were fll«d at
the office of the County Clerk to-day, as
red by law. The Republican com
mittee expended, according to Its report,
$19.7'J3. The largest outlay was In the con
duct of the literary bureau, which sup
plied every dally and weekly Republican
newspaper in the State with plate service
and cartoons during the campaign. The
Democratic State committee reports re
ceipts of $18,149 and expenditures of $17,!«5.
Awarded Lalande Prize.
GENEVA. If. T.. Nov. 27— Dr. WllHsm
R. Brooks, director of the Smith Ob
servatory, has just b«-fn awarded by the
Paris A< ademy of Sciences the grand La
lande prixe for his numerous and bril
liant astronomical discoveries. The prlre
!•» a gold medal worlU 500 francs, or Urn
In gold.
NO OUTBREAK
IN CUBA YET
Sensational Rumors Are
Denied.
MALCONTENTS ARE ACTIVE
POSSIBILITY THAT TBOUBLE
MAY SHORTLY OCCUB.
General Opinion Is That in Order to
Keep the Populace Quiet Def
inite Action Must Be
Taken.
Bp»ctal Ditpatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Nov. 27.— Nothing Is known
at headquarters in this division or In Gen
eral Lee 1 to justify the report, published
in the Unltod States and cabled back here,
that 1000 armed Insurgents have taken to
the woods on the province of Plnar del
Klo, and that a general uprising against
jjne Americana nas been plannea for
Ihanksglvlni; day. Indeed, the story is
absolutely discredited by the American
authorities, who gay It U lmposiilble that
anything of th 0 kind Bhoula have hap
pened or should be In prospect without
knowledge of it coming to some army
pO9u
Humors of a more or leas alarmist char
acter have for some time been plentiful
around Havana. It ia said, for Instance,
that this general or that is about to take
to the woods, and It la apparently true
tnat certain men are nursing programmes
hostile to the American administration.
But tha spread of the campaign of educa
tion is doing a great deal to offset the in
fluence of such people, and In any event
no trouble whatever la likely to occur un
til after Congress meets.
It is a fact, however, that many Ameri
cans here believe that If nothing is done
toward giving the Cubans some definite
assurances, if not a precise date, regard
ing, the independence of the Island, there
will be a rising of some sort, although
opinions differ widely with regard to what
It will amount to. Some believe that the
ma contents will be practically bandits
easily controlled by a few troops. Others
hold that the rising would be formidable
and would call for a large American
force.
COURT OF VISITATION
DECLARED ILLEGAL
Important Decision Rendered by the
United States Circuit Court
in Top«ka.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Nov. 27.— Judge Hook
of the United States Circuit Court this
aftornoon handed down a lengthy opin
ion knocking out the "court of visita
tion." This Is the court established by
the last Legislature to regulate railroads
and telegraph companies. The court ae
ciues that the new law is In the nature
of confiscation.
The case calling: forth the decision was
brought .before th© court of visitation by
\v^ Ma * W . ell of Topeka against the
Wesvirn Lnlon to compel it to put in
force a reduced schedule of telepraphlo
rates provided for by the now law. he
Western Union resisted, setting up the
unconstltutlonallty of the law
ANOTHER JUROR TO
TRY ROLAND MOLINEUX
Eighth Man Accepted in the Case Is
Sigmund Feust, an Aged Real
Estate Dealer.
NEW YORK, Nov. 27-Another juror
was obtained at the afternoon session of
the trial of Roland B. Mollneux for the
murder of Mrs. Kathorine J. Adams. He
is Slgmuri'i Feust. a real estate dealer
aged Go. Mr. Feust took the eighth beat
In the Jury box.
Circumstantial evidence and capital pun-
Ifihmrnt again caused by far the larger
number of talesmen to fail In reaehinr
the Jury box to-day, although four were
excused because Uu-y had formed opin
ions, two because of a lack of general
information and one on account of old
age.
CRUISE TO WEST INDIES.
North Atlantic Squadron Will Soon
Be Ordered Thither.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.-Rear Admiral
Farquhar, commandant of the North At
lantic squadron, had a talk with Secre
tary Long to-day concerning a winter's
cruise of the squadron to west Indian
waters. The admiral favored such a
cruise, pointing out that the plan ha.l been
Inaugurated two years ago with good re-
BUltB.
Mr. Lonj? approved the plan and ar
rangements wren made for the issuance
of the formal orders later. No time has
been fixed for the start to the West In
dies, but :t will be obtained early next
month.
LOTTERIES IN THE MALLS.
Report of th« Postmaster General
Concerning Fraud Orders.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27. -The Assist
ant Attorney General for the Postofflce
Department, reporting for the- fiscal year
just cloned, announced that out of ninety,
nine fraud orders lsnued only nine were
for lotteries or gift enterprises, showing
how completely the lottery business of all
Kinds has been broken up, In so far as It
applies to the malls.
Cannon for Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Star. 27.-One of the
cannon captun d by General Shafter at
Santiago and presented by the War De
partment to th». city of Los Angelas ar
rived here from Han Francisco to-day
It will ho formally tendered the eltv by
Major General Slmfter on Thanksgiving
day. General Shafter Is expected to ar
rive hero Wednesday. cm Thursday
Mayor I'hHan of San Francisco will ar
klao. lit oi.mes to assist In the pre
sentation of medals to the California men
who served In the war with Spain.
Of
Interest
to
intending
Purchasers
of
Oil Stock, J
No Investment offers the returns that are to b« ob-
tained from stock purchased in a legitimate oil company.
The prudent Investor will not buy. however.untll he has care-
fully Investigated every proposition to which his attention
may hay» been called. This being true, the STERLING
OIL AND DKVELOI'MKXT CO. believes it Is pre-
senting an opportunity for gain that should Interest In-
tending purchasers of oil stock, and bases that claim. In
part, upon th« fact that Its land, which Is patented. Is
located In a PROVEN OIL DISTRICT, with wells
In which OIL H.*S BBBH STRI'(K near to and ad-
Joining Its property: it has an abundant water
supply and the benefit of competing railroad lines for
transportation of Its product. We have oth.-r reasons Just
as valid, which are explained In our prospectus, that Is
sent free; so Is also a complete map of the Famous Kern
River Oil District. We court your Investigations, and
rtand ready to PROVE our every claim. A limited
amount of treasury stock Is offered at 50 CENTS per
share,.
STERLING OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.
35-36 Crocker Building, Third Floor.
Dtrectors-Wnv 9. Gage. Pres. j John A. Bunting.
Vice l'res. ; J. C. Hampton. N. K. Mast.n, H. H. Blood.
tUa P tm«m IDK ""'" 1 hr " lll>(( JMBPTT~~S^B
NASAL CATARRH B^BAUgl
Quickly yields to treat- ■fe^/W^sl O \2]
Ely's Cream Balm 11^!?-!
which Is reoognlced as a |«< %/ jfa^m
apeclflo. A remedy for E
catarrh that t« drnmorftr '^^W^m
Irritating to th» diseased ■ai^^'Hi
membrnn. .houM not be P^P\^^p?S|
n l^™ balm . •■ Placed Into nostrils. «preads
f«™-ii . membrane and Is Hbsorbed. Relief la
Immediate and a cure follows. It la not drying
— aoes not produce eneeitng. Large size. BOo;
v^SfttVX^Jf mal ': tr »al alze. 10c. by mail.
WaX.BROJIieRS^i WarrtaJt.. New York.
NEW DISCOVERIES
AT CAPE NOME
All Streams Are Rich
in Gold.
CAPE YORK DIGGINGS GOOD
FUEL IS BECOMING VERY HARD
TO GET.
Beach Wood Not Very Serviceable
and the Price of Coal Wrj?
Been Raised to $125
Per Ton.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
TACOMA. Nov. 27.— New discoveries of
gold are constantly being made In the
vicinity of Nome. In fact It seems that
almost every stream In that part of the
country has the precious metal on its
banks. It Is stated in the Nome Geld
Digger of November 1, received here via
Vancouver, that, outside of Cape York,
the place attracting the moat attention at
Nome is Solomon River. In Bonanza dis
trict ground along the river Is rich and
color shows for a long distance on both
sides of Discovery.
From Shovel Creek, which empties Into
the Solomon River, about three miles be
low Discovery, nuggets valued at from $2
to $S have been taken. Small tributary
streams are being thoroughly prospected
and de^lopment work will be pushed
next season. Shovel Creek has been callod
the Snow Gulch of the district, so rich are
the diggings. Streams running into it
which contain gold are: Boston, Mystery.
\* eat, Adams, Kasson and Topnotch.
Beyond Solomon River nothing Is known
or the country, although several parties
or prospectors went there last summer.
Herbert Murray, a mining man who has
had experience in many of the greatest
mining camps of the world, says In an In
terview in the Gold Digger: "The most
valuable features the Nome placers pos
sess are their similarity to early Califor
nia placers. They are Bhallow, hardly
ever exceeding five feet to bedrock. This
mean* that the ground may bo easily and
rapidly prospected and that gold may be
extracted quickly and at light expense,
there being little non-paying dirt to re
move before reaching a pay streak."
Murray says further: "Besides the
placer diggings, numerous ledges of high
grade quartz have been located back in
the foothills, but as yet no one has pros-
PP f < "£ ted . systematically for lode claims. In
Jaw Nome will produce more gold than
has ever come out of any camp in a single
year since ISO." ,
The same Issue of the Gold Digger con
tains an Interview with Peter Nielsen,
who. with Henry Thellen and James Syl
vester, returned from Cape York a few
days previous. About the conditions at
lork, Nellsen said: "Our party found
colors in several places. We did not have
time to prospect because all miners were
stampeding- and staking, and we had to
get In and stake first and then size things
up afterward. The richest claim was the
original discovery on Buhner Creek. All
those I talked to said they had found
colors on the surface in the creeks. Sev
?>».£ "Vi e iT obt ained from Moonlight
t reek, and they can be got anywhere.
There will ibe some prospecting this
£ h-^ # n ',7 V" most , Ca f,^ wood wl «l have
to be hauled several miles.
♦ „♦ hen , we left there were twenty-seven
tents and six dugouts at Cape York The
site of the town Is much like the site of
Nome, except that It is all on the tundra,
and tundra Is dryer. The mountains corn:
mence a quarter of a mile back. The bi ■-
gest river la , the Anowkogok. which at its
mouth carries about half the water that
the Snake River does. Its headwaters are
h!I&h lW Th c » or nyn v5 teen ~ mll « from the
beach. The beach at Cape York does not
seem to have been prospected yet "
CHICAGO. Nov. 57.-the Record's spe
cial correspondent at Cape Nome semis
the following letter, dated November I:
•10-morrow the last boat, the Albion,
will leave Cape Nome, and from then un
til next June this country will bo shut
off from the outer world. There has been
a great exodus of people, and most of
those who were here early have gone out
those staying behind being largely men
who came down from the upper river to
get claims. It will do them little good
however, as the country is thoroughly
covered and the owners have gone away
co that those coming with money cannot
buy. There will be practically no work
done this winter, as there is no wood on
the creeks to thaw with, so that outßide
those finds developed last summer nothing
will be known until late next summer.
There are a few stampede to creeks In
outlying districts that happened to be
overlooked in the first rush. Recent re
ports from Cap« York are less favorable
than the first ones, but as no work has
been done little is known for certain and
cannot be until next summer.
"In Cape Nome and the outlying dis
trict along the coast from Golovln Bay to
Cape York probably 2500 people will' re
main during the winter. Many were
frightened by the probability of advan
tage being taken of the scarcity of on
article to Jump up the price. No con
science has been shown so far in regard to
the taking advantage of the necessities of
the people. Coal and lumber have boen
cornered, and both of these necesslt'es
are selling at exorbitant rates. The exo
dus and the arrival of late steamers have
made the food supply ample
but prices are higher than* at
Dawson. Fuel will be the most
serious problem. Coal In tolling as filth
as $125 per ton now. and there Is a limited
supply. The beach wood by hauling a
long distance will help out. but it Is poor
stuff and will be very expensive. In Cape
Nome some, are going to sled over to Go
lovln Bay to winter In the timber, and
some are building cabins on the beach,
where the driftwood Is close at hand.
"The typhoid epidemic is about over.
Th«ye have been no new cases In the la»t
five days, and no more are expected until
spring. .Back of the beach, which Is nnr
row, the tundra Is an undrained. swampy
flat, and when the frost Is out Is a rich
breeding place for the fever germs."
In Mourning for Hobart.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27— Out of re
speot t^j tbo memory of the late Vloe
President Hobart tho President has can
celed all his social engagements for the
present The members of the Cabinet
have done likewise, and the admlnistrti
tlon will observe a period of mourning.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
Uo^^aß| lire ran be restored to you Th« »cry
tUr ■dAfVa 'ABLETS.GIti proraut relief to In.
One 4oc box renew. rltal energ^.HfTOe SSxt. 2i
»3.tOacompleteguar«ntecJcui e VjA?#or moneY rV
funded. Can b* carried In »e»t nocke?
•rery where, or mailed In plain wrapper on reoelot If
1 *•}*.**> W-» Vw Co.. * JV ua yatiZU.
LOTTERY WING.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
KENTUCKY LOTTERY
MONTH OF NOVEMBER, 1899,
Decided by the Drawing of
The Canadian Royal Art Union,
DRAWN AT MONTREAL. TUESDAY,
NOVEMBER 21.
*'jstij?au ~\=r- I'^ •=•-]
ito JO 101......10 143 « » 21228 ■
*» 6 7704 12 1 4148. i!i"| — 2
3n» * 784*..... » I4*«t » 2 I s* S
3SS 20 7JJ1,.~4» 140*1 » J2J—
483. t MMI 12 112*4 'i
»0..:..4 i He. 8070 i««i — •» ]]** — ■
711 l* 11000 Mm— » 414 -*•.
I*B. * Bill » 14818 -•« «* *
T»8 40 11(1 — » u»» — • 21*42 — '!
in. i »m i: 14*7— <» *»™ — 4 !
f3i...40 8414 8 21TJ»— •
SjJ 6 8344 8 .50U....-!? ' •
t^ £30 ii 13301. — '- -'"'— '-
1831 . 8 8704..-.20 ISJIB «!""} J
1057 ii - — * iMU — /IS!! — J
1100 40 834* 8 1344* II »« J
HCS 8 llJSt* .. *« 21184 •
IKJ.I!. I *<xn.._.. s ii*a.~~u ni« — <J
MuZZI km ■ • '■-'■ •"'£*£ »
14TI 8 1115 8 ISMS •«• CttS— *
urn — to »i«i — it lira — ♦» .__ - —
144 1 .. 8 ♦!•- JO 300*— -4»
1«0_... « 1144 12 I«WT 1! s">'---«?
1705 ...- • i— i i*» 4» — 8 13342— »
1818. 8 »3I». IS I«I«> - i &**■ — *
IMS 8 173J 40 HIM 8 mil •
1899 JO 1314 MfMtM — «|£»«o — I*
tna 40 8884. 11 ICU7—IS SJSOB •
m . 9013. 8 U«8 — IK*-- •
SOW— • to is**)..-., it ; tail — t*
M.._ 8 mm. 40 Ho 18704 - '
141 *.._..» . *15.00« ****■— •
x«a a i«ii .-..*• ISIBU.-.. 8 uat — II I
tin 4« IOUT..— 8 • :4115..— 1*
1761... It !otl4. .It 170 M..— JO 14174—1T;
1*t9..-~ 8 10800 8 ITOfT 10 14«28 —t*
ms so 1 040* « 1711* ie 141*3 8,
, 10030 . .. M ttttt Kilt.— 8;
H\»-..~ 8 10W2...- M 174*/? 40;t400— ft
3417 40 IW«4 .*> 174!5 " 2*»» J.
•To. 84*0 IO»M — ll mil. — JJ >*»;■> •
• 14000 . »4M 8 I
BXI U II8I». -- • 17532 — 00 ( t5M*.-.1l
tan 12 Ml*? -8; 17641.... 4»-?S«>«4
,ii !S7 1 2 17720 .. •:■: ■ I MOM..-.. •»
4939 «0 liri- -.40 HTSI . » »tU..- M
4104 40 I IKS 8 17*11 .. It BMI»'.— IT
.114 M ttStS. to m»»..-.. 8 £»«-- ■•*•
4744 40.11421 —II J H»4O..._JJ
4-03 It 11437-....W I*>M —IS Z»*4l •
4J1V.....U MOD IMS*-- 8
«803.._.. B. Mo. 11C38 1«331.._..» J«»l •
i I >ioo l!»4l. • w00a._... •
•088 it him. — i: 11413 — to *ti»4 — 8)
6*74- ... . I MTU«._IO 1H«I 40 KJU 4!»
M»a. to M 73J — 0 i««» — 8 »M 3 8
M«7 111 1 1*81 8 IBBM 8 J«»tT. ... 8,
»5IO_.._llill8«t — B t««47— •
tarn ,11 wits —to tvn — it
•in 40 11077 • IWJO 8 ««7» — is
»ri . ItOM 8 lt47J.— » J4TIB 20,
tH» I I 12»M..— 8 l»3«« IJ M-.I
■8*77 » ltlM It UUS • MtUL— 8
t»U—- 8 till* It lt«U —40 UOI4. .-.. II
j««t.._.. • it-ai — it - t
tea. 8 ia?» — • ijcra..— 4o troi» •
«0«t SO tun... 8 1H1T..-.. 8 new _-»
617». . It 114*4. II looot. ...Jo 170»» JO
CUI..— 8!lli*7 0 19701 8 170*)_— *
Mr. 112881 .13 10701 BITW.-.. 8
o?«. 40 1T104...- 8 i«« — 20 \r. 493— 8
C3JB _.. » inn 8 19.W3. 8 n»n. I
«X». :o 11705....- «l tS«A4 — 8 me — iof
OUt JO 1M74. 8, . 27331 «.
ToM .... i : -'j — » KT3« 81
un'.~.j» m* a 10051......11 not*.—
MS3. 8 13304. 20 Ho. 1017! '
(9&4 i 13348 .-.tO 1800 non..-.M
! . |U*» 8,10314 ... .It 2«47_—
TOW.» 1: ijsvj. — 8 2»4tt 11 IHIM.-. Jt)
tttt . 8 i«j4......2» :;«)3.._.. BMIO7 . is
TOM 8 U4:»..__ ■;toe4>..-..i:,t*jci it
T100.....08 1ttTt1..... »,X«J43 _ II
TtuS 8 Hit* ttljOWt...- « M 332 It
7:35 . 8 UM0.....1J fOM» 11 M3»4 tl
7311 .— 8 I4JOJ 1} 24411 ..SO
7*14 12 14300 8 HOtS 11 Ml*2 11
TOO 4 ...- 8 14411 40 11101 ...-K Iviti V
7«u • iu:;.....43 jiiu .- a 2rt2s-~.11
•»f» — .!!■ 5»708y...'.1J.41»t3...- ( 4»54i._40!3«n~t
l»07t ._ 8 84745 .... 49 • . •«■ . S«4J__ a
tnoo — 40 s«7«s ?• 50. 41197 *■*>•'> ~..M
trill 8 »(IKS It $200 4»7S 8 37005 «."
t»U3 II 3«»4T -«:.■•» • .... »;<ttO 8
2>317 ( 800SJ 1 4lir> # »•!« _.. • 37038 49
1»S87 10 ISSN If t/lfl . » 37071--. 8
tMW....- 8 37031 » 414": I •-■>■ <8 JTOJf «
IM«_... iJ 11127 8 4l4U— _l2i vn.jk 40,i7ao_«_ •
•otto :o 372C«.._.. « 4aiJ.._..S«'»r.J 172t7 4*
r Mm. 8 41571 l!|V>-.;« ..._ (»TtM 8.
SOO9T 1t ,37504..-.. 8 4St*t It 80341 . I 57134 »
B>-i7i..—.12 TBM « 4«13 12 30441 .8 ! 07»0« §
• 5)3.:.__ I 17744-— (0 42JM . It 5«37«._~ I 8;': 9|!
•0410,... 8 JT764 a 410U.....00 i'm*. .._ 8 87871 s
•0422... 8 .47 "I 1: »ooj» 10 3TC70..-_2O'
»0441 I 87110 • 41144...- I 508(7. 8 BTW S'
l»47». 8 4.12J*. ...11 JS77M i,
•0878 M:j*».._.. 8 4-. 8 11101 ..« 8 1 i78M 8
•a0««:.._.. 8 3»t-ii» 40 43410. .12 5ue?. .... 8|37*40-_»
80743 8 3(1(4 II U4J{ I BUO7 40 . I
' . mm If 43441 .... nisi ... 4» | Silas— •
nto» ....io ;».'» — it «i4<4 » 3U19 12 5.«.ti..~. »■
.81047... ..1t|3»«(..-~ H,a04...._ 8 llMt « ! S«n.__ •'
1)050 I SMM It »0<l»7 « 313»7._. l\itU* 10
lI US .... t:MM4 40 4.1741 12 — m 8*t;: 8
• lIS* 8 31333 «,4JM3 t 81»1t ...-. 8 38M3_~_ 8
• 1154..... 20 38*17 8 51770... 8 o<tOO 20
Jim 2 3M34 M Mm 40 Slt4t II SBMI. 40
• 1133 44 18*74 to 44.**. 12
«li:i 40 44223 oIHOTT _. n'SOIll II
jlllSO IZ IKOI.-.M 4U«J (•Mm — IMIM M
1)341 -...40 1t81*..._ • 44514 _ 20 )tZU« 8 SUM . _ 9
IlliU .—. — i: JM18...... • 44541 ll'OlUt 0 50307 __ »
■3li3i 8 BMOZ II 4454U...._ 0,51447 lIJItB ...4»
ti11*.... 11 39109 . 8 44411 «• BS«tT__ ( S»J« «
8! "40 70 101U • 44(41—40 32117 .. aISMOO . II
51*n.....!0 3920C — .12 _ 40 :!M1....» INvi «
«18«t.... 24 1»3«4 . — 8 44W8......15 32403 12 M&J7-...»
• . > 3*411 ...4» 44950. _..!♦ 3:in_._:3 3*374 it
4118— .11 »437 - II Mill™. 0 5/817 8 3*383.— ~ 8
82231 — I 1'M1.... 8 . ■ ■„ 00016
KMt 8,3*573. J8 45012 40 390* 8 $JOOO I
8!«7 2# Ws*o 11 43040 IS 31101 8 S»4«»!-. B1B 1
13770 |0.3*5t5 8 43t58_.4» M 147 20 80784 — 8
304 M 8 a»I. 11 MlO7 ._ 8 5*M» .. . 8
■8014. II m-»4 — 8 4S*fl 8,8380»_.._ I
»aoM.-..io 1 3»7i4...... i.'H33— i 503*7 .__ • '.
MaUi~.. 8 3*BoB 11 4»Bf 60 53»:».. .K'lnrm '_. »
fi3170f i3170 11 I*9» 11 4*444...:. » SJ4J4 8 (0147-__ir
•3115 BJ*»l5 8 45447_....1.' 33341 8 (OJO4-.Z •
Ma31...»:3*t1l 8 43703 8. 43717 _..*•) 80IM 4?
•Wtt.....4» 3»»4» 8 s*«B- i C4*«4 •
A55t....-ltjltNl 11 4O*S. I 40540 '""4J
•••; 12 JM*3 11 ♦«« 1* '•*<**■ — • 40W •
SS* II »»•••—• 8 44434 20 34184 8 ..o*4o ' «0
WWT4.-..1J 4«MI 13 :tXS* .... lllwiZ 12
,«J»0» TO 4tt4t..-..lt'a''3« 8 V4»»* 111 .
W»tO ....II 40008__.. 8 4«TJ« »'54.»4* U 4ltU. f
»3VJ7__~ • 40093 ... 12 4««n.._ , 34337 8 (1071 « It
>»a....... 8 4*o*7 — 12 44»J7 — it 344)3 ....It'oui* 3
( _• ■ 4*llo. ..8 • |545 M. II (tut ~" 3
itllS. 8 40138. 12 47008 8 5407 J Ot'OlSZ! •
*««7 11 40340. 12 47105 ...» Utfi _..ll ?^S
84411 8 405U.....1: 47251...... • 54778 m ' I - T ~ j i
J-iSS* _.. 8 40105 ■MM .. It 54*91 30 41»*7._ i«
:o 88084. .. II 476.10 .... 0
J4(FS— ..S« 40513... 47*17 20 SUM— .2O <»!»» _ •
84728 20 40504 11 4TM» 20 ttltl— IS 453" ' Z
•4775 ... 20 40(85.. ... 0 47»«fl ... 8 333*4 _ I «24»4 Xr
|4ISB 8 40(74 8 '478*1 8 SS7W .__ » 451JJ "
S4*«4 It 4C«»1 ..._ .  155-71. ...Jt 4 ;1.,. -;
L-: .. **"" .... NiMI » "*" » U*«_L.l*
f:C:O._.(O 40T« 8 411(15— IX 55*17 _ • 0-KT ■
55J3J... 8 40»74 — to 4»ns to ~ \SuHlm
J5461_..J0 40*11..... a — 40 54«3«___ 8.6W74 m
54104 40 4*t*S___ 8 44444. 1 3C041 4*l
*5370 It - 489*4 —U s*lll — 8 «JlS*_ ■
m»..-..*» 410*4 00 4*800....- 8 50110 .._ S *SM ~"j«
f*«i0......ie 41m * 48048 * sax* a ost?t_~Z2
• i-M^ 4i3i — ii,4BK9_ ... t 5«4.« ii *nn~~m
paO* to 411» I 1544T3 -. 12 «JT4J ~" I
VJ)3» IJ 11350 8 ! 49073 8 54441. ..„ * tUX »
MOBT 8 414*» Ju 41153 40Mlt>l. _1 « «sn ( ' «
{MM 8 4148t.._. W 4K34 8 00414. ._ « ISaZZ v
W4»( — a 4is«a — to 4W73 __ 8 Me^ZZ. 8 tnn — I
•OtO* M 41471 N.4*S«S • 80748..... 8 837J* 1
•w=:sa=sßa ip^S
•♦us « ruoi » timZZ™ •*»* to *m"~"S
g*w c Tis« > '""1? 585 — SUmi „
rfj! ; !!■*'•■• * i«*>»— _s» so*-? ..
Ea*4— 48 7t3J2—:n '* S2f ,1 ***" n l
r*B$ v SSn, 1 , KS~» h«i^ •
ssa ®=s St^ «-~i;i
Miss — io , Sit — *l — »-«• wn — to.
Sfc S 8&d J?S=2 S=2 S=^
««33t 41 712« l 2» ""**—• *• ««» 20 M4»t 49
Bessie si
««»J 11 ?i»03_.:.. 8 B ml 1! Sl^-Ji M3W «•
:««iB.._. 40,75»4* 11 «—« — '! "••.§•£•• »♦*" — is,
gt*54.....11 74*84 8 MttS. 8 221 .! "•»■—■»
> 8 74237ZT 8 (iW( !SS ". KMB •
<7ni i 74»e4 t'mil 4 22!}-- " ** a — •
n«lt II 74733. __» gg—*; 8 MHO »
(7«ll 40 747»2 10 iJS;'— • ". 2?S ! ■ ' •
47«»4 IS 74*80 8 £tii ! J2?! *° KMT "I
««,-4. 74HS-.. .g = « J^^JJ gH
88OOT--->(0 75390— H «,?—«! M * 43 * »7ll*-~_ II!
«»««..- 8 73J43..-J5 X '"— M , JT" 1 •»■
K8 SSfcrg LSfczi! E-f SS; - :: * :
«384 __ 8 73»1J 11 SilJ .• »!2 •— J mTI »«
E=s " m -» fes sat: :
rl-r 1 -- ssfcj .^3 S=s S=^
Bfcs 75434 | m... * .US ♦£ »*•?• •
8 7(4JS 8 MOit ' ■ ! IS"—^ IWB •
E S&:! £'- a- --. scs
Pusi=sß i^i^ ESfcEs r^s—j moczS
WI7 « uui r^ »« '* 4'4 ' 4 — 40 *.*»O—. (o »mii >
|Biil§g^ilßi
pmSSr " f ° r llo °- Md «c ticket. In
.„ _ APPROXIMATION PRIZ, <5
d nj*«°« & Capital Pr!ze of'm.WO «S nUmber
- - wawia * l
LOTTERY DRAWING.
the Capital Prlxe of MCOO. $12.
ICO numbers from taus to 59«5. Inclustv*. be-
ing ;/> numbers on each side of th« cumUr
drawing- the Capital Prise of ttflOO. ».
TERMINAL PRI23ES.
»30 numbers endlnr with 04. being the two
last flgnrea of th * numb drawtn* the Capital
>S9. number* ending with 50. being the two
la#t flffures of the number drawing the Second
Capital Prize of $4'«K>. |4.
The Subscribers havlns; supervised the .mn«ie
Number Drawing. Clasa "O," of THE CANA-
DIAN ROYAL ART UNION (Urn.), her.by
certify that the above are the number* which
were this day drawn from the 10),OCO placed la
the wheel, with the prises corresponding i,
them.
Witness our hands at Montreal, this Tuesday
November 21. 1*99.
N. PERODEAU.
Member of the Legislative Council of th«» Prov-
ince of Quebec.
lIILAIUB lIL'RTEAU. Ex-M. P.
Commissioners.
THEY WILL GET IT IN
THE NECK
On Thanksgiving day from jaw-Hies
on their collars, unless the men of San
Francisco are wise enough to take their
linen to a first-class laundry* If you
want beauty of color and an exqulslt*
finish on your shirts, collars and cuffs
and have them sent home in perfect
condition, bring them to the United
States laundry, a* we guarantee satis-
faction to our patrons.
United Stnto* Lnundry. Offlo«
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4>20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
1899 -TAXES-1899
NOTICE IB nEREBY GIVEN. THAT TUB
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and IS per cent added oa MONDAY.
November 27. at • o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER 11
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINOS. November 24 and 23. from 7 to »
o'clock.
EDWARD I. MIIIMAN.
T.it Collector of th« City and County of Saa
Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
■^ Steamers leave Broadway
-TV*^^ wharf. Ean Francisco:
"•2* '^>V F° r Alaskan ports. 10 a.m..
■PPuH^ Nov. 22. -". Dec. 2. chaAC* at
1 iIMMi Seattle.
I IBsoW For Victoria, Vancouver
f I6£*£cr%£k\ <n C ->- }>ort Tnt.M-n.l. 8«-
ii^S'55^1 attle. Tac "'*• Everett, Ana-
"•"MirV c>rte<« and New 'Whatcom.
<Wa»h.), 10 a m.. Nov. 22.
27. Dec. 2 and every fifth
day thereafter: change at Seattle to this com-
party's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ky. ; at
Tacoma to N. P. R'y.: «t Vancouver to C. P.
Railway. (Humboldt Bay). 2p. m.. Not 3.
For Kureka iHumbnldt Ray>. 2 p. m.. No* IS.
10; Dec 5. and every firth day thereafter.
For Santa Cm*. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Lais Oblspo). 'Javlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro
Ea*t Fan Pedro fl.os Anirele*) and Newport, i
a. m.. Nov. 24. H: Dec. 2, and every fourth day
thereafter. _ '
For Pan Dlero. itnpptn* only at Port liar-
ford (San Luis Obt«po). Santa Barbara. Port
!,-)« Ancle* and P.edondo Los Anjralea). 11
a. m.. Nov. 22. 26. 20: Dec 4. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Fn«enada. Majrdalena Pay. Pan Jo»« del
Cabo Mnsatlan. Altnta. I>a Pax. Santa Ro*a-
lla and Ouaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain company's
folder.
The (wmrifiny reserves the rl«ht to change
without prevlnu* rnttce. steamers, sailing dates
ar>* >"-"ir« o. »Kl"nr
TICKET OFFICE— « New Montgomery
street <Pali«ce >Iotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Art*..
10 Market st. . Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. CO. ""
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-Street Wharf at 10 a. m
CAQC $12 Flr»t CI * M Indndlnr R-rti
IMnL $8 Second Clans and Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. I*, ■
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. M
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Hefen.i and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket! to all points East.
K. C. WARD. General A«*nt.
00 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITTW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LOWDO!*. PAltl
Stopping at Cherbourg;, w»»thnund.
From New Tork Evenr Wednemlay. 19 a. nv
Rt- P»»l « Nov. M?t. Lou'.s Dm. t>
Ft. Louis Nov. 22 1 St. Paul Deo. XI
St. Paul Dec « New York Jaa. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York ™1 Antwero.
From New York Ever* Wednesday. 11 noon.
Friesland Nov. !»1 f{en*ln«ton . V » 21
Southwark Nov. 15 Noordland Dea •
Westernland ...Nov. rrlrsland . ... Dm. U
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle-. St. Michael. D.ivson City.
For full Information rerardlns freight aod
passage arrly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
to Montg-omerr at.. or any of its acencl»a.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brnnnan streets, lam.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONQ. calling at
Kobe (Hlcco). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
cf satllnc.
NIPPON MARK Saturday Not a
AMKRICA-J4ARP . .....Thw<iZr r>e* n
HONGKONO-MARU Tuesday. Jat II
Via HonolnTn.
Roond-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freirht and passace apply at company's oraca.
<« J'irket ft'f-t. c<rn»r F'—t «•■«--«.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
JbbV^bbHVHbbll^ .8. 8 - 8 - Alameda sail*
asrJ^i*l l ßall* V* . H °n^l«lu and
I uvf n- «e.ine»,lay. Nov. JJ.
VaGsf OjlEon^lllD- T . h * B9 - Australia
(Ofnß3f?.i}- T»c U.
Sa ? *ol rl v.- 0 5 R , ou: i <1 the WoVld? via Hawaii.
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Fr eiQht 0«c».327 Market SL
. .™"'!T. v OEIiER A" TRANBATLASTIQCB
I'll.Ki.l LINE TO lIAVKK-I'
Thursday InVt^d "S <&&
10 i^ ™ y# ii T ° m Nov<>ni «>er 2. UN, at S4W2
iS,,*-™;, fro P » ' th River, foot of
O ASCOT • ;( " IMAN TOURAINE. Nov.
OABCOGNE NoY^JJ; i, A TOURAINE. N».
Havre im. E J A;NE - VV * C - 7. First-class to
round Nlft « u P**rd: 6 per cent reduction on
cent riduVf.^" 11 *' 11 * 99 to "»*'•• !5i 5 r
AGENCY mo n ttv? wrounilw rouni1 tliD - GENERAL
DA H?™5 R UNITED STATES AND CANA-
3 f n&VSS 1 '"" 1 building). New Yo»«.
MnntV^ 1 . AZI * CO • Coast Agent*. *
Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
u,^ Steamer "Montlccllo."
» m i.??;.^" 1 Thurs. and Bat- at t:O
Jr. "•• •»• » *> P- m (ex. Thurs. nUht). m-
«*>a. t D- m. anJ ;JO . Bundays. 10:30 a. m.. I
?»!.?■ v . L *i: <ll «>« and nfflc. Mls«lon-stw«t Dock.
FAn£ 0 *• . . . T *" phnn *. Main liC *-
j^aS_^_^^'' •. SOo
Wily Call $1.00 per YearADVERTISEMENTS.
G*o9*eooeo6osoa®99t9ee
S °
1 Judge Lacombe i
I of the United States Circu :t: t ©
j Court Fines Daylight Incan- g
O descent Gas Lamp Co. O
$500.00 !
• o O
*or contempt, in continuing *
- to infringe
j Welsbach Co.'s Patents •
O Judge Lacombe says: §
• "There has b:en a shifty •
O effort at evasion of th: •
I o Court's orders but, as the %
I officers of the company acted* §
j* as they say, under advice of O
O counsel, they will not be §
O punished by personal mpri - §
• onrrent/* O
I — —-■ !
• Z
g TO THE PUBLIC: •
I Avoid Liability of Infringement I •
2 Take nothing bat the j
g GENUlNE— always inseaed •
O boxes brarinjj our registered %
J trademark "Welsbach." g
O All inf ringers of our patents *
• will be prosecuted — whether ©
© Manufacturers, Dealers or %
• iw •
o o
o o
b, • Welsbach Light Co. £
O ° .©
• Sa>*room» In all the Landing Cities 0
0 throughout the United States. 0
;?•»•••••••••*••••••?
HP"* *> M^r *n r •' c ft" ~...........^
, T&t? V'*l & t*- en Elegant jj
«?'! .SfS'ZP Tailor- Mode \
t • « P— \S ftry .*-u.t-. :
\l ttfg 6!55 °-
: ♦ T \ "*} Suits that CAr.
• , .r rT-yV^'dL be dri)*aileJ uj>?n
: f^\^T-t^>h. la to ma-
: >'j' \ Y J~ V-^VA terJal. workman-
I durability.
: V I I The mosi care- !
I A J*L I %tr« ful *«entlcn !»•
: +< P I t^» W ra!a t0 **>• nsake- <
r • • . ' /^"S ' ; : ' all « sit* !
; . :
! ';s»:\ 7uS5/ You woul« t.ve|
• \P(mhn »*<re for raits:
! ,/T/y '// f/J/f oat nnr a« rood. •
: "*TA4?R- ' when you h»v* !
: iMik?n your r.«-xt »ult
1 1110-1112 Market rra(J< '-
: rtr<-»-t. Once weaiinr
J SOI*SO3 Moctccra- or - <? o' *«1» rjlt!<
: try ft.. Ean Fran- r ' t! ' e^nvlnre >-<-v
k : c'.ftco. th«t t!»-y ar* the
I : 011 WtfMsjtoa **«t-
.«■■ O»Vlar.i. Tin* Tall aa-3 3
: IO U\ f.rrmi «t.. T\int*r Over- *
: L«5» Ar-cei"*. coatn. U0 J
; . ._'. J
! ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
DR. METERS * CO. b«»» t*)» larc*«t prao* j
tic* and b«*t e^u'rped rr.K3:c«! instttuttoa i
rr. the Pacific •Ml. B«t«.tlisb«sl '.7 reara. *.
PRIVATE BOOK and cSrlc* .'r»« at otOM fr
,cr s > n l.. At! letters fl(3'ntl»'.. i
731 Market St., San Francisco. «
Avurr DR. JORDAN'S great I
•I.: iisrua OF AMTOMY'
* j» The Ijrc»»< *n« n in«cal Mo«e«ißHinl>e \
W «*WtS^v or ' 1 * W t.t»f « or «ny < -t« •>• : C
fjfr P*. ivi«( p«l(ltrlj r*r*4 hj tl.f riJnt f
H
H§^A M. JOKIK* « OISEASES C
i'"T^*f?i? ' ' ■•'■■' " '"• «"5 *W t'r pn»»»e \
'} i i>«:l X" 11 "*-' »>^rv.nal r f t by Irner. A /f
f I y ill w fn» (Vrtia evrr> aieur-.^rrukra. T
/i r i ']*' v'r• " :i — rßiiamii-sttii
" il ,I '■*•»■«*«•»•*• fhi L ■.. f
A O /I v»Ki»L.I« twsk fur tariij \
/ ft ft JORD4 > ACO..lXtMark*tHt..B. f V
' ITimAiA Healing, Harmless
PUBnv and Efficient.
lillWMv Positively -moves
rr.n tmc Pimpf-s and all Skin
ronTMt ErupUons and pro
COMPLEXION HZ* nalural com -
TWO TINTS pjiro " tak . es th "
. • vj-r and
Bum/) MfCCO l^v.s no oily effect*.
uwcjA.cn J^ is S t ; ld by all druz "
.^gDR-HALrS BEINVIGORATOR
•"TiESJ Flr 1 fcuodred reward for mat
»^™ I* c*a« «'• cannot cur«. ThU »ecret
' _ - 13 r.::.<:y •.••II Icaset In 2*
T7 t*v»J< f : . ju, cji.» KtriMlona, lmpo-
kr Ti Rrfi trt.rjr. Varlcocele, Gonorrho*-*,
r.V-V4r .V-V4 P^ii 4 Oleet. Fits. etrlcturea, I»»t
r*A IV£lI V £1 Manhood tt. 1 all »af!r.« «ff*cti
- • ct »*H-abu»« or excestet. Sent
**iUefl, II botUei 1 1 ('»«. If. iruaraateed to
< -rr any cam AiMrtM Ha:. i MEDICAL. IN-
UJTITE oU ad-. •■> Oakland. CaL Alia
:•« m-« at ji«7JS Market at. 8. K. All private
twuH %u:ckJy cured. S»p4 for fr— twx>k.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
\ HAVE FQt/ READ
DAVID
s
a '
HARUM?
* 340,000
1 TO NOV. L
NOBILITY SEEKS
SERVICE AMONG
THE VOLUNTEERS
A Real Count in the
Forty-Sixth.
LEOPOLD THUN OF AUSTRIA
MADE A FIRST LIEUTENANT BY
THE PRESIDES TS FAVOR.
lie Has Reported for Duty With the
Recruits Banding His Assign
mti.t to His Command
in the Islands.
The Forty-sixth Infantry has Just
earned rhe distinction of having a Count
—a real Austrian Count— added to its
muster roll. The Count is Leopold Thun.
an officer of the Austrian cavalry, and he
t holds a commission as rirst lieutenant in
I the Forty-sixth Infantry by virtue of an
appointment by the President.
Lieutenant Thun is not in the American
army for his health. He is there to see
I and to learn, end at the request of hi-
I Government. The position of the Count is
! thai of v military attache, but he Is more
than the ordinary military attache by
virtue of his commission. It was the re
quest of his Government, made through
I the Austrian Minister, that secured his
! appointment, atid it was done on the the
ory that be could learn more if he were
1 actually commissioned as an officer of one
) ot the regiments in the islands than if be
i were merely attached to some general's
' staff and leit to shirt for hlmseli. There
I is a dash of adventure in the scheme as
! well, for there is no real necessity for a
j Government representative to tie nimselt
j down to the discipline of a regiment. But
then if he does not he cannot take part in
any action. It was this phase of the Ques
tion that prompted the Austrian to eeek a
commission.
Lieutenant Thun reported at the Pre
sidio yesterday. He brought with him
j most favorable letters from the adjutant
; general, and also from the Austrian Mln
i ister. He explained his position, showed
' his credentials, and in somewhat broken
i English ; reported for duty ii due form.
] He had Just arrive*! from the East, and
had taken the tirst lodging-house he hap
l*?ned to strike'when he landed from the
j terry. As a consequence he chose a place
not particularly ntted for an Austrian
! aristocrat; in fact, a sailor lodging-house
! down toward the end of Olay street. He
j had no means of providing for himself in
the camp of the casuals, and therefore he
t was allowed to go back to the sailor lodg
i lr.g-houso for the night, but to-day he will
j report again and he will be assigned to
j duty just as the other officers of the army
, have been, with the recruits awaiting
transportation to the Philippines. He will
have to live in a tent with the other cas
ual officers and will have to . -rid his
days in licking raw troops into some kind
of thape fur service in the field. In time,
! and by courtesy it will be made as soon
as possible, he will be assigned to some
) transport and will be ordered to Join his
command in the islands. When he gets
there he will be assigned t<> some com
pany where there Is a vacancy as first
lieutenant, and he will have to fit in and
. do his duty with the other officers.
Another change has been made in the
: palling of the transports, and it Is prcV
I able that none will start until Thursday.
I The Forty-ninth has received orders to
j prepare for embarkation, and two bat
, tailor.* have been ordered to leave on
! Tmirtxiay on the Warren, with the head
: quarters and band. It is hardly probable,
! however, that the command ca:i be got
! ready by that time or that the transport
! can be loaded before that date but at
I any rate the orders are out and the black
I men ar- Jubilant. The Forty-second will
get away to-day if nothing happens to
prevent.
Reports from Angel Island are to the
! effect that there are twelve cases of
■ smallpox now In the hospital over there.
j There are five more at the Presidio, mak
! ing seventeen in all from the Forty-eighth
'. It»-Kiment.
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson, Rid
I to General Shaft»T, has been ordered to
j proceed to Los Angeles. He left last even-
Ing.
Acting Assistant Surgeon George A.
| Zeller has been assigned to temporary
I duty at the general hospital pending his
assignment to Manila.
Orders directing Chaplain Leslie R.
i Groves to proceed to Manila on the trans
; port Warren have been revoked and he
j has been ordered instead to report for
I temporary duty at the Presidio.
Lieutenant Colonel James M. Marshal,
! deputy quartermaster general in chief of
j the department, ha* been ordered to pro
<■> •'1 t<< K«-r: -.>. Nov., to purchase horses fnr
the uso of the army. He will take with
him Captain Frank West; Sixth Cavalry,
Veterinary Surgeon E. J. Creely and John
M. BaJlhache. an employe of ■ ■.•• quarter
master's department.
Captain Louis M. Koehler, Fourth Cay
! airy, has been assigned to duty on the
I transport Centennial as quartermaster
-•mar
* ■ the dep "ra«nt
commander:
Private James A. Cheatham, Company
K. Fortieth Infantn* found guilty of
drunkenness on gruard. was sentenced to
forffit Jlu per month for four months.
I'rlvate Eugene Fitzpatrlck. Troop G.
Sixth Cavalry, found guilty of drunken
ness on guani and of disobeying the order
of a non-commissioned oiucor, to be con
fined at hard labor for tv.cnty days and to
forfeit JlO of his pay.
Private Vornie Hlggins, Company D,
Forty-fourth Infantry, found guilty of
drunVennpss on guard, of threatening a
sentinel and willfully disobeying the order
of a non-commissioned officer was sen
tenced to be conllned at hard labor for
thr«e months and to forfeit $10 per month
for the fame period.
Corporal Frank Baker. Company H.
Fortieth Infantry, found guilty of suffer
ing a prisoner to escape and of drunkon
r\r** on g\iard. was sentenced to be re
duced to the grade of a private soldier
ami to forfeit 119 per month for live
months.
Private Jesse A. Allen. Battery X, Third
Artillfry. found guilty of sleeping on post,
was Ff-ntencod to be conllned to the limits
ot Alcatraz Island. California, for three
month* ami to forfeit $10 of his pay. The
Kr-ntt-ncewas deemed inadequato to the of
fense by the department commander, but
in f^rdcr that Allen might not escape all
punl.shnu-.nt it was approved.
Corporal Percy H. thews. Company
I, Fortieth Infantry, found guilty of ab
sence without leave. of neglect of duty
and of willfuny and maliciously destroy
ing the muster-in rolls of his company,
wan sentenced to be dishonorably dls
chnrged the pen-Ice of tne I'nlted State*,
forfeiting all pay and allowances and to
be contlned at hard labor at such place as
the reviewing authority may designate for
one year. The sentence was deemed to be
excessive, however, and so much aa ex
r«-eded a forfeiture of $10 of his pay was
disapproved.
OFFICERS HONORED.
Reception Tendered the Forty-
Ninth by African M. E.
Church.
The officers and band of the Forty
ninth Colored Regiment wore tendered a
reception by the pastor. Dr. Tllghman
Brown, and the congregation of the Don
A M i; Church last evening. The
church van packed. The officers sat In a
Homlcircle on the platform at on© end of
the chapel, with the chairman. J. I. Der
rick. In evening drew In the center, and
announced each speech or band selection.
Many speeches weM made, ad aroused
irrcat enthusiasm. TV officers present
w^n- Captain T. Canibell. Captain -11. P.
fruml Captain C. Blunt. Llotucn
ant W. H. Butler. Lieutenant H. F.
Wall* First Woutcnant F. Thomas.
«' mtai'n W. M Hawkins, Second Ll.»uten
,;, b. PerVa. Second Llou tenant H. F.
Wh'-aton. First Lieutenant D. J. Gilman.
After the Vi^-c an elaborate supper
served in th- church parlors. Some
time . ; ;,Vw«£k the church will entertain
the rank and nic of the Forty-ninth.
Contractor Goes Into Bankruptcy.
YEW YORK. Nov. 27.— Edward Judson.
a contractor, ha* filed a Petition In bank
niptcy. Liabilities *WS,G2I. of which $CO6.-
OS7 in eccured.
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 08, 1809.
HOW THE TRANSPORTS OF
TO-DAY ARE PROVISIONED
WHEN Uncle Sam had his lit
tie difference with Spain the
greatest difficulty was the get
ting of the men to the seat of
war. Vessels were procured
after some little lay, but the majority
of them were not fitted to carry troops
and the result was much inconvenience
and considerable bad' language from the
soldiers. The carrying of fresh meat
was almost Impossible and the result
was the "embalmed beef" scandal.
That state of affairs has now been
done away with and the Mid on his
voyage to the Philippines fares as well
as he did in barracks and gets the same
allowance of fresh meat. Here is the
requisition of Chief Steward R. Pfeif
fer for fresh provisions for the trans
port Wnrrrn, which sails next Thursday
for Manila with the Forty-eighth reg
iment (colored): CO.ftOO pounds beef, 3500
pounds mutton. 1000 pounds lamb. UK)
pounds turkey. IB dozen chickens. 40
dozen ducks, 40 dozen quail. 1500 pounds
fish, b«-*id*>& KO.CO) dozen eggs, a large
quantity of milk, fresh butter, vegeta
bles and fniit.
All the supplies are put into the freezing chamber? and frozen solid. In the
tropics the meat has to be removed from the freezing chamber before It la
required and thawed out in ar. even ♦emperature. The milk has to be cut out of
the cans in Bolid blocks and thawed out In the kitchen before It can be put into
the pitchers. The vegetables come out a little wilted, but ac good as the lay
they wvre received on board the ship. The carcases of beef and mutton are
frozen m hard a few hours after they have been put in the chamber that when
struck with any hurd substance they ring like an anvil.
Chief Steward Pfe'ffer of the Warren Is an old hand at the business and
one of the most experienced and best liked men on the coaßt. He was for seven
years chef of the Btate of California, then he was on the Queen, later on the
City of Puebla, leaving that vessel to take charge of the Warrtn.
FORMER SOCIAL
LION IN JAIL
FOR SWINDLING
The Fall of a Local
Society Pet.
ONCE MANAGF.D BURLINGAME
9
CAPTAIN F. F. WAINBWRIGHT
ARRESTED AT ROSSI/AND.
♦
Captain ':' Fane Wainewright, one time
officer In the British army and ex-member
of San Francisco's fmart set/ Is now a
member of the ancient fraternity of jail
birds, occupying commodious apartments
In the prison at Nelson. B. C.
The charge which has resulted In the
gay captain being incarcerated for three
CAPTAIN F. FANE WAINEWRIOHT.
months In the Jail at Nelson was
passing bogus checks and obtaining
I under false pretenses. Tho rumor
of his arrest first reached this city Satur
day night, and since that time has been
made the principal theme of gossip In all
the principal clubs of this city. whor»*in
the captain was a welcome guest, is as
her man possessing a correct knowl
edge of the temperature of wines and the
temperament of horses, and absolutely no
i r»<initlals to tell who he is or where he
comes from.
The captain first floated Into San Fran
cisco In 1595. and at once became the run
ning mate of all the real thing* of this
city. He had a delightfully aristocratic
English manner, which, coupled with his
outre style of dress, his perfect knowledge
of how and when a dinner should be
served, a thorough understanding of the
horse .-«< he is seen or the English polo
grounds and hunting fields; a fund of en
tertaining stories and reminiscences, In
which Dukes. Earls and Princes of the
blood largely figured, stamped him at once
.-if- a thoroughbred of the purest breeding
and a fit associate for the embryonic
NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
Thousands of pea.
pies lives have been
saved by the use of
Warner's Safe Cure.
Thousands of men
and women are kept
in perfect health to-
day by the use of
Warner's Safe Cure.
So many others
have been cured,
there certainly is no
reason wh y you
should not be bene-
fitted by the use of
Warner's Safe Cure.
CHIEF STEWARD PFEIFFER.
swells who had Just succeeded In getting
onto the way things should be done.
He was admitted to all the clubs, taken
everywhere and became. In fact, the ar
biter elegantarium of social San Fran
cisco. It was learned that he had former
ly been the manager of the St. Louis
Country Club, and he was solicited to take
charge of Burllngame.
He complied, and for a time ran the
whole ranch. Nothing was done without
seeking his advice; nothing was attempted
without the light of his counsel. What
Walnewright eald went, and what Walne
wrl&ht forbade was forever scratched off
the club's books. ~-
The captain saw his opportunity and
made the most of it. His new friends
were worked for whatever they would
stand, and whatever went Into the cap
tain's pockets never again was seen un
less In transit over some bar or across the
counter that shadowed the block of some
bookmaker.
But the captain was a good fellow and
a thoroughbred, and nobody kicked. San
Francisco society wanted real swells, and
when It had one It was willing to pay for
the luxury. But In time other contestants
for social favor drifted In. and the captain
began to lose ground. It was discovered
that he was spending too much time in
gayety and not enough in pursuit of his
duties as manager of the San Mateo Coun
try Club/ and at last a meeting of the dl
rectors waa called and the popular cap
tain was let out.
He at once left the city, and from that
time only the vaguest rumors concerning
him were received until the news of his
present trouble was flashed over the wires
from the north. His present victims are
merchants of Nelson. B. C, and unless he
can make good the losses they have sus
tained through his dishonesty they will
send him where he will be given a harder
Job than teaching the young Idea of a ,
Western metropolis how to shoot and ride. '
While Walnewright has done up dozens
of men In this city he seems to have left
none but friends behind him. He wa.« a
good fellow, and the worst of his short
comings while here seems to have been
th* desire to borrow money, which he
would spend as liberally as It was given
him. The members of Burllngame say
that he was let out of his position there
because of lncompetency. and that, not
withstanding reports to the contrary, he
never Indulged in any crookedness In the
handling of the club's funds and accounts.
Though Wainewright passed a number of
worthless checks, the one on which he
was prosecuted was for $5, which he
worked on Thomno Lillie of the firm of
Llllle Bros, of Nelson. p. C.
The brother of the prisoner was present
and did everything he could to save him.
The Judge, however, said that an ex
ample had to be made of some one, as the
practice of passing worthless paper had
become altogether too common among re
mittance men. and the lesson would do
a great deal of good to the whole frater
nity.
The captain therefore has the satisfac
tion of knowing that he Is setting an ex
ample even while In durance vile.
College Men.
Th* college men will own San Francisco this
week, and you'll find the principal owners at
/.lnkand'a. •
IMPORTANT WITNESS
FOR THE FRENNA CASE
Messenger Boy Who Saw the Shoot-
ing Has Been Found — Trial Con
tinues This Morning.
The trlf\l of Joseph P. Frenna. who mur
dere.l James F. Turner In th- Crocker
building a few months ago. was again
taken up yesterday morning, but the sit
ting was of short duration. In the absence
of District Attorney Murphy Assistant
District Attorney Solomons conducted the
prosecution.
0 the ..penlng of the s-esslon J j Kauer
ailed to the stand and Identified a
deed over which Frenna had <i'mrrele4
with Turner. After Mr. Raver had con
cluded Mr. Efosmer, who represents Fren
na. expressed his desire to recall A. 13.
Paul, who testified for the prosecution!
that he might be cross-examined. In or
der to favor the defense tho court ordere 1
an adjournment until this morning. Wit
nesses absent yesterday will be ordered
to be present this morning, at which time
the hearing will be resumed.
A dispatch received from San Bernar
dino last night states that Will
iam P. Walsh, the missing witness In
the r renna murder ens.-, |a ,v prwssut an
inmate of the County Jail In that city
having b«.en arrested as a vagrant on the
2ist lust.
t)n the morning of the shooting in the
Crocker building young Walsh, who wan
a telegraph messt-nger boy. had occasion
to go to the fourth floor of that building
an. l on hi* way down he saw Frenna
when he pulled his pistol from his pocket
and lired five shots Into the t*xly o f Tur
ner. Whlfli was the only eyewitness to
the killing. He left San Francisco on Sen
tern ber 2u.
S R toss of San Bernardino learned
these facts form an inmate of the
Jail to whom Walsh had made a sort of
confession. He at once asked Walsh to
make an affidavit to hi:* statement, which
h* did. nnd the facts were tfleKraDhe<l in
Baa Framlsco. PneU lo
STRUCK BY A CAR.
Two Italians Thrown From a Wagon
on Montgomery Avenue.
A wagon driven by Frank Smatt and
Joe Cherljr, two Italian*, was struck by
a I'nlon-street cable car on Montgomery
avenue last evening. Both the occupants
were thrown out and the wagon badly
demolished. The men drove In front of
the car and before It could |><- stonnod
considerable damage was done The men
were tak< n to the Harbor Reviving Him
pltal. One of them sustained a sever*
laceration of the head and the other hoA
a few Buperflclal bruises. nM
UNABLE TO AGREE.
Third Bierworth Jury Dismissed
After- Three Days' Detention.
. The jury In the case of Albert Bler
worth, charged with . the murder of
Arthur Brawn, in a Howard-street lodg
ing-house last November, were again un
able to agree on a verdict and were dl»
missed. They have been looked up since
Saturday and at the time of their dis
missal stood eleven for conviction and one
for acquittal.
This Is the third time the Bterworth
case has. had *- be continued owing to
th» Jury's inability to agree as to his
guilt. The majority In each of tho former
trials stood for conviction.
Yesterday's Insolvent.
Thomas J. Toole, Oakland, $2*07; no as
teta.
CONTRACTS LET
BEFORE RECEIPT
OF REQUISITION
Guard Blouse Awards
Discussed.
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S VIEWS
A NEW POINT RAISED AS TO
THE BOARD.
While Two Members May Execute a
Contract, Unanimity Is Con
sidered More De
sirable.
Attorney General Ford has rendered the
opinion referred to In Sunday's Call as j
to the power of the uniform board of the
Katteoal Guard of California to award
contract*. The opinion was forwarded to
the Adjutant General's office in Sacra
mento last Saturday afternoon.
The conclusions of the Attorney Gen
eral are that the power of the board is
set forth in section 3027 of the Political
Code, wherein it Is provided among other
things that "the service uniform and
equipments shall be furnished, as afore
said, by a board which is hereby provided,
to conelst of three commissioned officers,
to be appointed by the commander-ln
chief." This board Is directed "to pur
chase the cloth, arrange for Its cutting
and also for Its making, when required
by the commander of any organisation,
and also to purchase equipments. " The
same section further provides that "the
bills of Bald board shall be audited, al
lowed and paid as are other military de-
I mands."
With reference to the above the fol
lowing questions were submitted to the
Attorney General:
First— What is the standing of th»
board as to bidders whose bids have
been accepted for uniforms and which
bids were submitted in response to
advertisements for and on behalf of
the board?
Second— Who should sign contracts—
the board by Its president and its re
corder or the entire board?
In response to the first question, the
Attorney General holds that the aocfpt
ance by the board of the bid of a bidder
In retponse to public notice soliciting
such bids and the acceptance of such bid
by the board and the notification of the
bidder of such acceptance, completed and
created a contract, and that said contract
was binding upon the board subject to
the provision* above rererred to with ref
erence to the auditing, allowance and pay
ment of the Mils therefor by the State
Board of Military Auditors.
In response to the second question, the
Attorney General cited section 15 of the
Political Code, which reads as follows:
Words giving a Joint authority to
three or more public officers, or other
persons, are construed as (riving such
authority to a majority or them, un
less It is otherwise expressed in the
act Riving the authority.
After thus quoting from the law. the
Attorney General held that In a proper
case all contracts for or on behalf of said
board should bo signed by every member
of the board, although a majority thereof
would be authorized to act.
In view of this it is probable that the
board, or more properly the majority —
Colonel Cutler and lieutenant Colonel
Glestlng— will sign the two contracts for
blouses, awarded to the Pettlbcne Com
pany and to Mandel. Pursch & Co.. the
latter receiving by the vote of these two
.members of the board 38 cents more per
blouse than Pettibone & Co., or In all. on
the amount of the contract, the rum of
1770.
The law quoted by the Attorney Gen
eral Is that of IMS, and from its reading
it is clear that "this board Is authorized
and directed to purchase the cloth, ar
range for its cutting and also for Its mak
ing when required by the commander of
any organization." Now a new question
arises, and that Is. Did not the uniform
board In letting the contracts, not only for
the blouses, but for the cans, ' trousers
and overcoats, exceed Its autnorltv? For
It Is a fact that no commanding oTflcer of
any of the organizations, say the Second
Brigade, for instance, has made any re
quisition for uniforms. The First Regi
ment certainly did not. for it was not a
part of the National Guard when the con
tracts were let. and Is not yet, as the
muster rolls have not as yet been for
warded to superior headquarters. If any
one on behalf of the Fifth Regiment has
filed a requisition, no one In authority
knows of it. Consequently the board of
Its own volition has let contracts for more
than $40,000 without any requisition hay»
ing been made for the same.
HAD NO BIRTHDAYS.
Raw Recruit Cnldeira Does Not Know
Whether He Is 17 or 21
Years Old.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday heard the application of Mm.
Louise Caldeira for the release of her son
Jose from the Marine Barracks, where he
is confined at present. Caldelra was in
court and swore that he did not know
his age, never having had any birthday
celebrations, hut he believed that he was
21 years old, and had bo stated when ho
had enlisted. Mrs. Caldeira swore that
j Jose was only 17 years old, and that he
was born in Onterville, Alameda County.
1 A nostponement was had for a week, in
1 order that the records of Jose's baptism
might be produced in court. In the mean
time the young recruit will remain In
the custody of Admiral Kempft at Mare
j Island.
THE NEW SOUTH.
See Its Vast Extent. Wonderful Prog
ress and Possibilities.
The best way to see the new South is
1 to patronize this tri-weekly personally
conducted excursion of the Sunset
Route and Piedmont Air Line, running
from San Francisco to Washington
without change of cars. A double berth
;Jn new sixteen section, broad vestl
buled, rosewood finished, roller cur
' talned. broad double windowed, uphol
j stered. stevl wheeled, gas lighted Pull
' man ordinary sWr*»rs, only $7 to
Washington. Leaws San Francisco
Mondays. Wednesdays and Fridays
and l/s Angela Tu.s.lays, Thursdays
and Saturdays .v.-iy week.
A?k agent Southern Pacific Company
for excursion folder, or write J. M.
Beall. Pacific Coast acint Piedmont
Air Line. 621 Market ltr««t, San Fran
(.l.aro, i>r A. M. Barnum. traveling pas
senger agent, Wllcox building, Los An
geles.
ROBBED BY BUNKO MEN.
A. Comiasco Falls Victim to an Old
Dodge.
A. Comiasco. a miner who recently ar
rived from the Cape Nome sold fields,
ran athwart a pair of bunko steerers yes
terday afternoon and last night he was
Just $240 poorer for his experience. Com
iasco was standing In front of the Man
chester Hotel about 4 o'clock In the after
noon when a stranger accosted him and
generously offered to show him the sights
about town.
The stranger conducted .Comiasco to a
saloon at 760 Howard street, where he
engaged in a dice g#me with his "pal."
who was standing at the bar drinking
when the stranger and his "sucker"' en
tered. The bunko man was successful
and the unsuspecting miner became In
terested In the game. The bunko man
took Comiasco aside and told him to bet
$270 on the next shake. He did so and
the bunko it— ftr'l pal won the money.
Comiasco then realised that he had been
robbed and he raised such a disturbance
that the bunko men gave him $30 back.
They then disappeared before the. miner
could call a policeman. Comiasco visited
Captain Snillane last night and gave him
a description of the two men. ■♦?• ■ ,-i
« ♦ ■
For bargains in Thanksgiving turkeys, •««
O'Connor Bros., 122-124 Ninth ftreet. •
THE CALL`S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE KING OF GERMAN PORTRAIT PAINTERS
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
THE lA/ORLCTS GREAT ARTISTS.
Contributor* to this course: Dr. John C. Van Dyke. Dr. RusmU Sturfli, Dr. A. L.
Fr ::.initham Jr.. Arthur H^ber. Frank Fowl#r and other*.
VI. HANS HOLBEIN.
BY ARTHUR LINCOLN FROTHING-
HAM JR.. PH.D.
Durer, Holbein and Rembrandt are the
three greatest representatives of renais
sance art In Germany, and. while Durer's
Cental Is more imaginative and Rem
brandt's more commanding and personal.
Holbein excels Durer as a colorlst and
composer, can be more altruistic ihon
Rembrandt and occupies a broader posi
tion than either as a link between the art
of Italy and the north during the renais
sance.
Holbein was the only German painter
who absorbed both the early and the
golden renaissance of Italy, tempering
with ita grace and beauty the realism and
dramatic restlessness of Germany. His
career began as the first wave of the
renaissance penetrated his native land,
and as the fervor of Protestant reform
HANS HOLBEIN.
was lending a new though temporary
vigor to religious art. Holbein was as
great an exponent of the second as of the
first of these national movements.
The Imperial city of Augsburg, where
Hans Holbein was born In 1497, was the
principal center of the early renaissance
In Germany. It had long possessed a fa
mous school of painting. Holbein's
father, uncle and brothers were all paint
ers, and he grew up in his father' work
shop practicing painting from his ear
liest boyhood. He remained In Augsburg
until 1516. and the city still preserves a
number of his boyish works, which tes
tify to great precocity. In 1512 he painted
Borne One panels for the convent of St.
Catherine; in 1515 the votive picture of
the Schwartz family, and in 1515 the great
triptych of the "Martyrdom of St. Sebas
tian," where the figure of St. Elizabeth
Is one of the most beautiful hitherto pro
duced by German art. Numerous sketches
for portraits remain at Augsburg show-
Ing how early the boy tended toward his
great specialty and how soon he acquired
surety of touch and characterization.
In 1516, at the age of 1?, he went to
Switzerland, settling at Basel as an In
dependent painter. He remained there ten
yt-ars, and during this time attained to
the full maturity of his talents. He then
executed religious pictures for the
churches— a branch which he afterward
entirely abandoned. The "Virgin and
Child,' at Solothurn, in 1522, with its
broad, heavy figures, was followed by
that world-renowned picture, the "Ma
donna of the Burgomaster Meyer Fam
ily. of which the original is in Darmstadt
and the better-known early copy in Dres
den. It is a marvelous example of high
finish and splendid coloring and affects
one like peals of a grand organ.
In his early series of passion pictures
Holbein treated a poignant theme often
attempted by German artists and one In
which they loved to revel in theatrical
and hideous realism. Holbein succeeded
In tempering this with some of the Ita'inn
grace and repose. The Catholic churches
of Switzerland. *o soon to be desecrated,
were decorated at this time with a num
ber of ills religious paintings. He en
tered also the field of classical allegory
In a series of frescoes In the hall of the
Town Council.
Still, even from the beginning of his
life In Basel, he put the most of hit
heart Into his portraits. The** 1 of Jacob
Meier and his wife 0516) arc soft and
harmonious, with transparent brown col
oring. Inaugurating a style that culmin
ates in the superb head of his friend, Bon-
Ifaclus Amerbach, which has more pure
beauty than any of the portraits of his
later English peridd.
During the last years of his Basel life
(1523-26) Holbein devoted himself almost
exclusively to drawing* for wood cuts,
of which over 300 are known, besides
some twenty alphabets. They Illustrated
both Old and New Testaments and miscel
laneous writings. The series of the
"Dance of Death" carried his reputation
everywhere. Holbein may have been re
duced to this work by the slight patron
age given him by the city, which finally
drove him to England. At the same lime
he always showed a marked love for the
decorative and minor arts, well i.lustrat
ed by the collections of his drawings.
It la evident that Leonardo da vinci and
the Milanese school influenced Holbein
In Basel; be was even more strongly
swayed by the great Paduan ManteKiin.
whose engravings formed his drawing
and whose dramatic power clothed In
classic grace and mastery of perspective
In architecture appealed to him so lor
clbly that entire figures and groups are
appropriated In Holbein's larger composi
tions, beginning with his passion pic
tures (Basel) of 1519 and ending in his
'•Triumph of Riches" and "Triumph of
Poverty" in London. The Inherent Ger
man realism often continued, however, to
pierce through In this Basel period In
ways often exaggerated, theatrical or re
pulsive. Such were the heads of the
mustachioed Adam and an Eve. plain
studies from ungraceful models; such was
the single figure of the dead Christ, so
startlngly corpsellke in its unsparing real-
Ism; such were many tragic and comic
details In his passion scenes and other
series. Holbein showed then a very
strong element of comedy and satire,
which he vented especially In his small
drawings for Illustrations. —
It is seldom that so little Is known of
the private, life of an eminent artist. The
vague reports circulated long after, his
death that he was of lax morality and a
wlneblbber are hardly tenable In view of
the friendships of such men as the great
Erasmus, the pure-minded Amerbach and
the moral paladin Sir Thomas More. It
is true that his marriage to a widow ap
pears not to have been a success: he did
not take his wife and children to England
and therefore was separated from them
for nearly all the latter part of his life
It was the friendship of Erasmus for
Holbein that enabled the painter to go
to England in 152*3 with good hopes of find
ing there the field denied him In Basel
Holbein's known output during the three
years (1527-29) of this 1 first English resi
dence was entirely portraits. Beginning
with Sir Thomas More himself, to whom
Erasmus had recommended him and
prominent men of More's circle, such as
Archbishop Warham, Bishop Fisher and
Sir Henry Guilford, he passed, as his rer>
utatlon grew, to a wider circle. All his
portraits of these years have a force and
realism unusually penetrating— even for
Holbein— notwithstanding -th«ir hardness
as compared with his. previous work at
Basel. There Is almost no mannerism In
his portraits, no obvious intervention of
the artiste personality, as there Is in such
other great portraitists as Rembrandt and
Van Dyke. While at times Holbein nay
seem wanting In the Imaginative realizing
of character, his powers of observation,
which served him with such unerring ac
curacy even In the minutest details, re
produce also the whole of the Individual
me also the whole ■•'
In a way that Is perfectly convincing. Tho
delicate lines of the sketches for his por
traits are always clear and firm and show
no retouches; on these quick sketches,
with occasional color notes, aided by his
wonderful memory, he relied almost en
tirely in making the finished portraits.
and did not burden his subjects with
many sittings. A study of his numerous
drawings at Windsor and Basel is Indis
pensable.
When Holbein returned to Basel In IZ2H
he found that the most disorderly ele
ment! of the Reformation had triumphed.
The churches for which he had worked
had been sacked and the paintings— hi*
among them— destroyed. The reformers
themselves had forbidden religious art.
Holbein found no public commissions
awaiting him except for some wall paint-
Ings In the great
council hail. where
he had already
worked in his youth.
The scenes of "Re
ked In his >
seen- -
Dam Threatening
the Israelites." of.
"Samuel Condemn-
Ing Saul for Sparing
the Amalekites" ami
of "Hezeklah Order-
Ing th. Destruction
of the Idols" whto
subjects Inspired by
the hatreds and vio
lence of the times.
Btlll, as grand he
roic com position*,
worthy of ranking
with the great
works of contempo
rary Italian fresco-
Ists. they are unique
In rman art Liko
all the rest of Hol
bein's monumental
works, they havo
perished, and only
■ketches remain.
The bitter relig
ious wars of thu
Swlm states, that
made art Impossi
ble, drove Holbein
back to England in
1532. and there ho
continued to live for
the rest of his llfu
except for a few
Journeys to Franco
and Belgium and a
short visit to Flu.*-!
Use If. Holbein
found that Sir
Thomas More and
his party had fallen
Into disfavor, and
*1M jo epjp »m 01 .-<»wunjip.t jo; ujni
m;tj sputa spuauj pio p;tj jo m --mji
own compatriots in London— the wealthy
Oerman merchants of the Steelyard.
From 1532 to 1536 he painted a irumber of
portraits of these worthies. Perhaps with,
a view of catering to their vanity and na
tional love of homely detail, he often In
troduced accessories that mar the sim
plicity of these portraits, though they or.
done with the care of the best painters of
still life. The most notable for coloring,
finish and character Is the half-tlgure of
"Jorg Gysln" in Berlin, which is perhaps
the greatest work of this period of hi*
life, though almost rivaled ny the "Two
majors' (1533) In the National Gal
lery.
Lvery year added to the painter's repu
tation. Perhaps the portrait of Sir Rich
ard Southwell In l.'.V opened the way to
hi* appointment In 1537 as court painter.
This year marks an epoch In his life;
he painted In the palace at Whitehall thu
monumental portrait picture, with tho
full-length figures of Henry VIII and hi*
wife. Jane Seymour, his father. Henry
VII. and his mother Elisabeth. The por
trait of Henry VIII In this picture » •<
the starting point of most of the King' a
later portraits. Some Idea of its execu
tion can be gained from the contempo
rary portrait by him of the King's gold
smith, "Hubert Morett" (Dresden), hi.i
greatest existing work for these years.
Shortly after the painter was sent by
the King to Brussels to make a portrait
of the Duchess of Milan. whom h->
thought of marrying. The existing full
length of the Duchess (Norfolk collection*
Is one of the simplest, most direct and
sympathetic of all his works.
Holbein became the portrayer In suc
cession of Henry's various Queens and
their children, as well as of the grrnt
lords and ladles of the court. The esti
mation In which he was held may bo
gauged by the anecdote of his throwing
a nobleman downstair*— whereat the King
declared that he could any day mako
seven earls out of seven peasants, but
out of seven earls he could not make on»
Holbein. The painter must have also
been court decorator and architectural
designer, director of fetes and procession*,
planner of the royal costumes, ornament*,
arms and furniture, and he himself be
came a miniaturist He thus not only
assisted materially In the development of
English Industrial and minor arts but ho
Introduced and popularized In England
the art of the' pure Italian renaissance In
all Its forms, even In architecture and
monumental ornament.
There was something extremely virile In
Holbein's talent. He was a painter o£
men. not as seen by a poet and Idealized,
not as transformed by the painter's me
dium, but as analyzed by a Keen-grasp
ing Intellect. Though he and Durer wero
the two nrtlst* who most assisted by their
Illustrative designs In the great attempt
of the Protestant reform to m.ike known
the Bible to the people throughout Europe,
and though their powerful Illustration*
proved only second to the text Itself In
arousing religious emotion, yet Holbein
appears not to have allied himself to tho
out-and-out reformers, but rather to havo
Ing religious emott :. ■. . • i>
rs not to have allied himself
id-out reformer- h • rat
stood, like his friend Erasmus, on neutral
ground. Still he must be regarded, when
we reckon up his life work, as a great re
former. If only for the penitential effect
of the caustic and terrorizing pictures of
his "Dance of Death."
His life closed at the asre of 47. during
the London plague of 1543. His posthu
mous reputation was such as to lead t->
the attribution to him In England of many
contemporary portraits.
Fac Simile A. L. Frothlngham
COUBSES OF INBTBUCTION.
Autumn -Winter Term. 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States*
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificate*.
MRS. CUNNINGHAM CONVICTED.
The Terror of Twenty-Third Street
Will Be Sentenced To-Day.
Mr*. Mary . Cunningham. -1213 Twenty
third street, the terror of the block, was
convicted by Judge Conlan yesterday on
a charge of disturbing the peace, on th«
complaint of J. F. Hopkins, a neighbor. •
The Judge said he was tired of giving
Mrs. Cunningham a chance, and after th 3
severe lesson she got when she was last
before him there appeared to b« no fear
In her for the law. He ordered her Into
custody to appear for sentence this morn-
Ing ■ • .
Fire Marshal Towe has no further de
velopments In regard to the Incendiary
fire that occurred In Mrs. Cunntngl.am's
house Saturday night, but he has not yet
finished hit Investigation.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
A'}' OF 77/7:" MARKETS.
Silver declined. Exchange about the same.
Wheat continues to decline. Barley dull.
Oats, Com and Rye about as before.
Xo further advance iit Beans.
Hax depressed under larger receipts. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the saint.
Butter and Cheese quiet and steady.
Eggs sloiver and tending downward.
Eight cars of Eastern and Oregon Poultry on the market.
Dressed Turkeys in fair demand and steady.
Oranges and Grapes weak and quiet.
Pried Fruit very dull at the moment.
} fides and Wool unchanged.
Hogs weaker under larger receipts.
Charters.
The Ktllamey leads salmon on the Framr
River fcr Liverpool. 40*.
Weather Report.
<12Cth Meridian- Pacific Time >
SAN P&AKCXSCO. Nov. 2T. 5 p. ■
Tfc* f..llowln« axe the -*■ ?, is! rainfalls to
date a* compared with thoiH? of same data l&st
season and mmfail in :».-• 24 hours:
Last :< This Last
stations — hi>ur*. f.u. .r.. n«s. n
Hureka 2. 1S is. 24 fi.CJ
Ked Bluff ft. 2: €.4« I.OS
Bactaswato 0.00 €.<«s 1.*,6
Sat I'ranr^co Trace 7.M 2.J2
Trerru O.O) 3.44 1.4»
ladcMadcnoe cm 0.90 0.37
San l-u'.s < initpo O.to S.7S 0.6T
Ivo Antf^l'-s (1.00 2.48 O.IS
tan lJjifiro O.(VJ 1.2$ 0.53
Vuma 0.00 0.:.S O.'.i
San FVaadaca data: Maximum temperature,
U; Klr.biura, :Z: ni>-an, IA.
WKATHKH (UNMTIONS AND GENERAL.
JX>Hr>'AST.
Tlie Ktorm c\rr the oorthern <-^aiit Is >!-.*:>•
t\or)t'.r« it*, way c-ajitward. Tliert- has bern
■ fSlfht break In the area of hlph prtfssura
OVerirt&C thf *. •ulhi-rn half of the coa*t. and
cnditlußi are such that a moderate rMnfar<'»
r • nt of tho enero- of the northern disturbance
j:iuy caus* a niuvemmi H'»uth thrrjugh Ca.ll
fomta
Baia haa fa'lrn over the cnast nnnh of San
T'r.'iuclm-o. The fnllitwlng heavy nlnfaJls are
rep.rtfd: Portland. 1.16; Kun-ka. 1.32. In the
jast tuelie h>um. The following maximum
virij velix'ltit's are r* 1 portal; IVnlani. 31
rnl'.f* j-T hc»ur. from the s.mth; Fort Canby,
{■( n-.iles }«-r h'>ur. Koutht-ast.
F.->reca*t made at Han Francisco for thirty
h'.>uri< etidinc milnlcht. Novem»>er 2«. l'.'S:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuo«ia/. with
ruin in o^ntral un.J northern iKjrtlons; !rr.«h
* ititberlr w inds.
Boatbera <'allfornla — doodjr Tuesday, ncrth
crly. chaairtac t<> wotrrly winds.
Nevada— «'loudy Tuesday, with rain In ex
trrniH ti'rthern portion.
I'tah— Fair Tuesday.
Arir.-na-Falr Tuesday.
San Francisco nni vicinity— Ooudy Tuesday,
j-n liably fhowim: ir»^h southerly winds.
ALKXANDKK G. Me A PIE.
Forecast < rf ficlal.
♦
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
— —
xr.w rome, Nov. rr.-r«v)pie Who bought '
•tocka-on Thursday and Friday found the ei
j«-ct«>d r.arket for them thin morning and j
i: ■■;.:.••! themselves of the opportunity to *el]
nut 10 a large extent. The sub- treasury ojx»ra
•..:.- last week made it sufficiently obvlouh
tliat a oironii bnnk ftafrnmt would be forth
coming on Saturday at.d the new strength in
the market oa account of Saturday's hank
•Uilernent had there for* b»»i-n discounted. Prices
wwe <>;ieneii i.'.k.:. and the advance In Am«i- I
calm In :»■... had the appearance of being
:■■■,■..:•: from New York fur the sake ot
Influence .>n the "ff^t here. At all treats'
the l»>ndon market wa« depressed Fenerally
en the Hue In the money rale and sold stocks
here from the ;■■•::., until . r.a ;>m-i the
bt'ual hour for i; ..• < I'enniylvar.la was an
rxceptlua anl vu eagerly bought by I* !.-l n.
Tlilt demand was largely rn;«-inc!ble for the
t>tock'a r.he of i\ over Friday during the first
!. -• Jt subsequently reacted and saved only I
IV uf ti<*t caJn. The hitch prices at the opening
vere the i-.Ki.al for very extensive realizing.
wt.ich ■• •- :: .-: :■ .-•.:..' In the lialtlmore and
<>hlo issues. The o;-ening price In the pre- I
ferred ran all the way fr>m M down to H\. \
Then* w«-re - n> : -i.,. rallies In the*e etocks. j
liut the presmre of pn>ftt-taklng waa renewed i
i • : their clou- wax •.••.. r the lowest, at net I
1 jiiy* of l'« and 1T«1 T « respectively. Union Pacific |
(-how* the effect of profit-taking and Sugar I
wm f-bvl' urly wak trom the start. 1 ne»e
»•#■!* *utfi-iently powerful factor* to decide the j
general course «.f the market downward. The
tit-avlnffM became quite widely disseminated an |
the day | r'>gres*ed and many net lo?»e» of a !
jwilnt <>r over will be observed. While the
if<-n<Tal ot.urse of the market wa« reac tlonarjr I
fume point* of urenrth pctßUtcd. M.\r.haituii.
Federal Ste«-t, American Hr«op. «'he»ap'-ake and i
OblO and I'e'jrla, I>watur and Hvanavllle ruse ;
fr'.ni 1 to 2 ;c<lnt« without tr.alntalnligt the full j
«d%ance. leather continued very erratic over
a rante of &4 iolnt» U«low Friday* cloee. I
The late treak In Sucar to 1F.4 and the St.
J'u.u; Hi!'ii,i-i;l fur <>rt,.| )t >r t-h'-nvlnic a decrease |
In the earning* of nearly JSJO.OOO cm;>hanlzcd
the latp »eakneji«. Ft. I'aul'a lncr*«i<ed operat
ing exi>en»e« or Improvement* chanced to thut
arcr.unt };«v* now wl;.e(l 4>ut all of -«■'!.■
cre»w« In tcrowi enrnlng« since July 1 and es
tablished a net decrea>e for that i>erii*d of I
■ne*rl>- iififj.Wj. The condition of •.- money |
market *-a» irrratly Rffecteii hy the Improved
rhowlng of the bank* In Saturday* state- ,
ment. The tact was pointed out that while
th« statement of aUI the clearlnK-houne bank*
• howed a de<-ret*e In loans of fJ.123.R30. ar.d
an lncreane In caKh r«-!>i-rvc-« of tS.SM.2ir., a.
r lngle link In th* affiliation repf.rt* a de
c-n'aite in loann of ?i.l*fi.i<'f t. and an Increase In
r»sh of f*.r^.' ir »i. With thlF slnnle InMltutloti I
withdrawn fp>m the the »v»rajte c..n- I
dltlr.n <>f th» remainir.ir batiks, therefore, ha* i
not t*en liiuiH.ved. The majority of the day's j
loan* were male at 6 prr cent and the rate
Jrr rteillr.K <xrhan»re advance,! rhnrply In r»- i
t-p-.r.Ke tn the rr.r.rey vre">ure In I»ndon. There |
v ri« n * ■-: a<>»on>tlon ol railroad (■ r..5« mil i
jnice* advanced. TotaJ luUen. jiar value. $2.
" United Btate* Is irfvjnrM ■, and the to and :
rern- «* »* In the bid price, and the .'* de
clined H.
NHW TOnK STOCK LOT
bSTaSSs: s»
H.SfiO Atchlson prefd €i»%
Jfi.Sso Haltlmore & Ohio lt\
3«) Canadian Paclflc »«'»
4« Canada Southein 64
J».l4i «'he»ap»ake it Ohio i*H j
14 FTO Chicago BurllnKtr.n & Qulncy ll*.
7.1 M Chliairo Great Western U\
l/'io <■? .■ I.* ■ > Ind & Loala it
TO chlciiKO Ind * l^mlii prefd.' 4S
fcoo Chlcaga A Ka*trrn Ililnot* 37
l.fcno Chi.-ako * Northwestern lf.B j
• 3 T52 Chlcano Ilock ltland & Pacific 11SH |
7.S'Ki C r C * St L*jUl» " C2*fc
lid Colorado BtWtlMra COifc
Colorado Southern l*t perfd H
MS O'.orad'j Southern 2d prefd IS\
• I.CS n<lawnre A Hudson l?li t
400 D«-lawnre l.vkiiviii'.v.a &. Western.. lh!»S
LOW IM-n\rr &• Hlo Grande 2u\
500 Denver t. HI » Grande prefd 7Su
I Erie i:\
100 nrl» in j.n-fd M\
....... <sre»t A'orth^rn prefd 176
100 Hocking C<al 1?4
•00 H.K-ktnjr Valley S4
4.0i0 H'.lnol* Central US';
lowa Ontra! ............... ]«
■ 103 lowa Centml prefd • tsij
U<n Knnita* City IMttsbu.-R & Gulf 9
ICO I^ake Erie * UVutern ;r»^
tOO 1..«k- Trie & Western prefd . . to
l^ake Shore 205
7.4'"' IxrtJlsvllle A Nashville fi\
U.VA Manhattan I* 105' i
1 i>ti Metropolitan Street Railway I*4
1.C74 Mexican Ontral IS* ,
J.«'io Minn & St K'tils C 7',
Minn &. S! L«oul* prefd r«'j
4,7 fin Missouri I'.ic'.flc 4S
2t« i!<blle \ Ohio 4»'i
Mlt»ourl Kansas & Tex a* J2'l
J/'" Mh* iurl Kan*a* » Texas prefd r«'- t
JIP New Jeracy Central 121»i
?.7K New Tork Central US .
l.riO Norfolk & Western 27 !
1.426 Norfolk & Western prefd 7'>»4
lI.STo Northern TacltJc M«i
i.VA NVrthem Pacific : •• ' I ■ 7TS
1.400 Ontario & Western JSU
Oregon hallway & Nay 42
Orfgr-n luilway & Nay prefd . . 7«
4",«4^ I'enr.sylvanla U4»i
7M lu-adlng 20>' 4
t.CWt Heading Ist prefd ... 6S*i '
4nn lteadlr.K 2d prefd 30»; |
2"0 Hlo Grande WeMern 43
41-4 Hlo Grande Western . "■" WU
JlO Ft I^>uls A- San Fran . 11
»*» fit Ixiul* & San Fran Ist prefd 72 i
SX St L«i!s ft Ban Fran 24 prefd KM
1.0<"fl 61 Louis Southwestern 12* 4
l.i<'o St Louis Southwestern prefd S2>*
10.40J St Paul U4V
27J St Paul prefd 1734
110 St Paul & Omaha Us
25.«80 Southern Pacific , 43
1.200 Southern Railway " 131,
J.i!*S P uthern Hallway prefd :.:\
600 (M I Pacific im;
60.*-"r. Union Pac-lflc 50
11.541 Union Pacific , -«fd 77»i
200 Wabafh s«4
I.<W Wabarh prefd jj»?
j 4.2W CThceltas •- L E ... ;! 11
I 1.2"0 Wheeling &L.E 3d prefd 3<>s;
1 "15 Wisconsin Central ....... 19%
; Express Companies—
! Adams ill
I .American 14s
I United States 4*4
1 \VHI*-FaiTo iii
Miscellaneous —
; L2S<> American Cotton 011 374
500 American Cotton OH prefd M
b<yi American Maltinr n
32* American Malting prefd 47
2.42 C. American Smelting & Rfng 4^%
1.9*7 American Smelting & King prefd... 9<>4
American Spirits 4
American Spirits prefd 17
H.5J3 American Steel Hoop .... 4Tv;
2.03) American Steel Hi^p prefd 85
4,'tfl American Steel & Wire 49
235 American Steel 4 Wire prefd S5
150 American Tin I 1:..I 1 :..- S4\;
lr«0l r «0 American Tin Plate prefd J-3
I 1.457 American Tobacco US*,
American Tobacco prefd 143
1.000 Anaconda Mining Co 4.i4
MC Brooklyn Rapid Transit SS
l.<J6h Colorado Fuel & Iron 62\i
I\sll Continental Tobacco 42\
4.:vS Continental Tobacco prefd 93» 4
U.US Federal Steel fji
4.150 Federal Steel prefd «1U
♦.CT. r . General Electric 1314
1.C20 Glucose Sugar 4i
VA Gluenxt Sugar prefd 9$
5'" I1 '' International Taper 20
XW International Paper prefd 6J»i
120 L-i. ;•••... Gas 774 !
National biscuit 414 I
National Biscuit prefd S2
200 National Lead 2.« T i I
National Lend prefd 10:.^
1.C50 National Steel 4 s
National Ftee! prefd $;
250 New Vi rk Air Brake ur,
4.1J0 North American ..... 144
j Pacific Cbast C'> l j
1 Pacific Coast Ist prefd !«6
t Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6.»*
3.4 V. Pacific Mail 4:\
J.4C5 People'! linn nji t
1.223 Pressed Steel rar w\
\ffs Prr-fned Steel Car prefd B>U
MO Pullman Palace Car 194
730 Standard Rope Jfc Twine 12
M.630 S-jgur IW*
Sugar pre'<« 11S4
L.450 Tennessee Coal * Iron 113^
1C6.T3") United Slate* Leather ib\
j 1,150 United States leather pr>-fd 7:«»;
f..V> United States RubJ-er 4:4
21t United States Rubber prefd 110
3.* Western I'nion SS
5.293 Republic Iron & Steel 25
SIS Republic Ir->n & Stwl prefd "04
1" C C & St Louis 744
E23.t'» Shares *oK.
CLOSING BONDS.
yb :b !■-* Ml m X & t :<is 704
U S '• rig I<*4 M X & T 4s S3'«
US Ss coup K3 ■■, .\- y Central 15t*. .1124
V B new 4_ re*... .13.4 N J CVnt j?en in. .121
C S new 4s c0up..132 ! >.,N Carolina 6s 127
U 6 old 4a rtK Ui\ N Carolina 4« 104
L* B old 4s coup ...113>* Nor Pac lsts 110
U 6 ."k re* 11l Nor Pac Is «6
US la coup 11l Nor Pac 4s I<SU
Dlst of Col 3 G-5...UT4 N T C 4 St L 45..1W54
Alabama class A.. 112 Nor _ W cons 45.. &:*i
Alabama clasa 8..1U I Nor & \V *en 6*..130'
i .\'.H':*n.tt clajui C..101 Or Nay lsui 10S
I Alabama currency. l«0 !Or Nay 4a I'.J
I Atchlson sea in ... 9? 'Or Short L,ln<« 65. .1:9
! Atch'.son adJuM 4s. CHIO S .„ cons Cs 114
i Can .«*outhern 2J5..107V Keadlnjr K«-n 4s S»".vi
i C & O 44s '•■>» R G Wen lsts.... S^V
O & O £» 1164, 5tL. & I M cons Ss.ll'j
C & Nor cons 7* US Ft L 4.« F (fen 6s. 124*;
C & "• H F Deb 58.118 IFt Paul cons 171
Cnlc.-iKO T>rm 4a.. J>S Ift V C & P lata...lM
:» & n <; uts ioih st p c & p 5s 120%
I) & li O4s »3 Sou Ky :.h ltt£
KTV» &Ga IKt«.I(H Btand K& T €5... S3
I Erl* «••.*• It jTenn new sett 35.. SI
;FW a. D C 1*t.... 10 Texas & Pac lsts. lls
! Oen Electric 05....1» \'trx ft Ph.- M* If)
j<i H A S A <U 110 Irnlon Pac 4e .It
i>;H* BA Ms 105 Wabash IMb 114
: 11 * Tex Cent r.5..U14 \\aba.«h 2<lii 100
j H ft T<• cons C 5..110 ■\Veet Shore 4s 113
I lowa Cent lsts ..1H 1 -, Wine Cent lsts S2V
I KCP & O lsts.... 724 v a Centuries 854
,L* new cons «•.... 10) \> Deterred .. 5
i I. * X unified 45. .100 Colo Southern 4a... BCVi
Sou PaclHo H -i\ ™
MINING STOCKS.
, Chollar It Ontario g 00
Crown Point 20 Oplilr 90
C C ft Va 1 JO Plymouth to
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 1 ii
; Gould & Curry.... 1J Quicksilver prfd... 7 M
Hale & Nor 40 i Sierra Nevada .... 2*
Hosiestake 63 W);Plandard 2 75
Iron Sliver 64|L"nlonCon ft
Mexican 4: Yellow Jacket Is
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money —
Call loans fcuigs I- prefd 64
; Time loans 64Q4 Wise Cent .'.'. 1>»:
!?t ' >< ' k ' - Dominion Coal .... S3
I A T & S F ::S; Do prefd IIS
A T 4- S F rrefd.. 654| Bonds—
I American Sur*r...lMS: Atchlsrn 4a JSVi
Am Huk-^r prefd...llS';i Mining: Shares—
I Bell Telephone r.5 Adventure 64
I Boston 4 Albany. .2l3 Alk.u« Mnr C 0.... 3
Boston Elevated .. 144iAtlantlc .. 25V
<-' »« A Q I*3 !Bon-n & M0nt....32i
Ed Eire 111 rrs Itte A 805t0n.... 71
Oen Electric 132H'Calumet & HecU..7CO
Gen Elcc prefd.... 39 .Centennial "3
Federal Steel CIS Franklin 17*4
] Fed Steel .' MS Humboldt "l 2
Mcx Centrel UVOiceola . .. >.-)
Old Colony :<>7 Parrot II."" 41
Old Momtnlon ?94 Qulncy 113
Rubber 4;^lhanta F« Copper... if
t-nl.<n Paclttc CO Tamarack .... *»
Union I^nd 1% Wtnona .. '.."' IV,
West F.nd S3 Wolverlnea \ 4iu
■\Ve«t End prefd. ...115 Utah . . »t n
Westlnghouae Elec. 41 I .........
AY:. 1 York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Not. 27. -Money on call at« v
at B4QC per cent; last loan. 6. Prime mer
cantile paper. 64C6 per cent. Sterling ex
change Ilrm. with actual business In bankers'
bills ■■ M *C<J4 tt\ for demand and at $4 lie
4 for sixty days; posted rates. $« P2f? . h2
nd »4 17; crmmerclal bills. »t SO. Silver ccr
tlvflcates. i^%ei»\c. Bar silver. N%c Mexi
can ilollars. 47»ic Government bonds lrre-u
; lor: State bonda Irregular; railroad bonds
strong.
— _____
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. r.— Tba Commerclal-Ad
vcrtlaer'a Ix>ndon financial cablegram says:
The ir.ornlnc *aji heavy on the stock ex
chane* here to-day, the Transvaal news falling
to arouse any enthusiasm and dear money be-
In* aitain a prominent topic !n the afternoon
a firmer tone developed on the war news. Co-»
mis were 102 9-18J/10. 13-IC. Americans bepan
1 «tr. nit on accumulated New York buylnc or
ders and then liunc. New York began well
here, tut later there, was a sudden break and
the clo*e «it at the bottom to orders Bellini:
ireely on the. fears of dearer Money and an
other advance this week in the bank notes It
la thought that the banks will charge 4 ' ncr
cent to-morrow on the exchatice
S;.anNh 4s were 65 »; Tlntos. - 454; Ana-,n
das. 9 S-16; Batons. 1 11-15; Utah. t\; Avlnos.
Some cf the last arrival of rold from Aus
tralia wan told for the. continent to-day at 76s
>';dS7fs 94d.
The bank baa lent money at « per cent the
!n«t few days and has discounted for lta cus
tomers lit the regular rate and higher, but not
for the market. ■ - 1
Of the £1.000.000 Indian, .only half ha* been
allotted In yearling*, at an average discount of
4'i per c*nt.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Nov. 27.— Canadian Pacific 973,;
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1899.
Union Pacific preferred. SO; St. Paul, common,
123* i; Northern Pacific preferred. 77H: Atchl
«un. 23?;: Grand Trunk. 7S: Anaconda. 9U-
Bar silver quiet at 27Hd- Money 3 per cent.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Nov. J7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
33.155 barrels; exports. 24.437. Generally un
changed, but a trifle easier, excopt for low-
Rrade winters, which continue to rule firm on
scarcity.
WHEAT— R-celpts. 416,750 bushels; exports.
215.160. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red. 72T40 '.. o. b.
afloat spot; No. I Northern Duluth. 75\c f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 77% cf.
o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 2 red. 7 iP V elevator.
Options opened weak at 4c decline. Influenced
by heaviness abroad and persistent December
liquidation at ChU-axo. Sentiment continue*!
brartsh all diy under a big" visible supply in
crease and llßht export trade, with the final
tone weak a *»«4o decline. Cash wheat, how
ever, was firmer on scant offerings. March,
74-,'.i74Sc. cloted 74Sc; May. 74 »-16&74 U-ISc,
closed 74\c; December, 7t>*4@7o 15-JOc. clos«d
70T4C
WOOI^— Dull; domestic fleece, 21*S26c; Texas,
i4«n7c
METALS— lndications did not point to activ
1 ity and stability when the market opened this
morning and events proved that buyers were
counting upon concession*. Unfavorable ad
vices were received from abroad and the West.
The Jinal phases (showed some departments to
1 be in a weak, nominal condition and no metal
I was entirely free from depression. At toe close
the Metal Kxchanse called:
PlGlßON— Warrants very dull and lower to
pell.
LAKE COPPER-Dull at 117017 25.
TIN Easy at $27 4<Xj27 50.
LEAD— <julet and bt-ady at $4 624^4 17%.
The hrokenT price for lead is ?« 43 and for cop
per $17 25.
SPELTER— DuII at 14 4'>;i4 SO.
COFFEE— Options opened strong at an ad
vance of 2.'. 'd 4.". points on bullish pop '.mates,
very firm cables from European markets and
a bullish statistical showing Tra.!l:i« during
the day was the h.-n\i<-?t In many months, if
not several year.*. Closed steady, 20 to 30
points net higher. Total t-ales, 117,250 bags,
including: December, to KKj«; January, Wii
; 6 05; l.ruary. t^-i 1^: March. !■ 10176 15;
April, J« 2>«6 25: May. $6 2^ 35; June, }£ 25©
6 41; July. JCSirt'eSO; August. $6 V>tii &0; Sep
tember. $6 45Q6 C 1);C 1 ); October. $6 50^)6 CO. Spot
coffee— Rio, Irregular; No. 7 Invoice, 7c; No. 7
Jobbing. 74c; mild, firm and tending upward;
Cordova, e^fall^c.
SUGAR— Itaw, about steady; fair refining.
3 13-lOc; cetitrlfugal. 96 te?t. 4' 4 c; molasges
sugnr. 3 5-lCr; fflned, market steady; No. 6,
4H>': No. 7, - 7-l«c; No. 8. 4 3-16o; No. I,
' t-lGc; No. 10, 4 3-lCc: No 11. 4 l-16c; No. 12.
4c; No. 13. 4c; No. 14, 3 15-lCe; mold A, & 7-16 c;
standard A. 4 15-16 c; confectioners* A, 4 15-16 c;
crushed, 5 8-16 c; powdered, E»;c; granulated
5 3-Kc; cubes, I 5-16 c.
BUTTEH-Receifts, 7229 packages. Strong;
creamery, 23326 c: June creamery. S2OX fac
tory. U4«lSc.
EGGS— Receipts. C«O2 packapos. Steady: West
ern ungraded at mark, 14. .•
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits ruled steady, with a
fair demand at unchanged prices and clos^
with a slight upward tendency.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6s7e;
I prime. 7 1 «5i7H< % : choice. fc>«li!>4e; fancy S\®3c.
PRUNES— SlttiK'se. ns to ».17.« and <iuallty.
APRK-OTS Royal. llfgiSc; Moirpark 15{JlSc
i PEACHES 2t>4i22c; unpeeled. 74^10c!
Chicago Grain Market.
• "MI trade) In
D m.irketa Is
Wheat evidently fpent the holiday. Saturday,
in getting waked, for a decidedly feeble pulse
waa observed at the openlnK to-day, with May
*»c to «,c under Friday, at 65\36:» T fcc. and I >••
cember \c to T»c down, at 65»»fj CT.'ic. Factor*
In the weakness wire lower caliles. forced i ...
cember liquidation and Increase In the visible
Of 1.35C,Q00 bushels. December h« Id slightly
above initial figures on buying against puts
and some covering by nhortf. but clung very
close to the bottom until there was a cessa
tion of the I>ecember liquidation. With the
removal of tliln pressure, the market rallied
from the opening, but the loss from Friday wai
far from regained. May closed Sc to »»c lower
at C9T4Q7OC and December '*<• to He lower at
65H$<2ftC The readiness of the Kiverpotil
sin* demand was l minor factor la the local
reaction.
corn was easy, with more or less liquida
tion throughout the session. Better weather for
the movement of crops resulted In freer country
offering*. In addition to which the market was
further weakened by th.- selTlnc of futures by
the West. May closed Vie to He lower, at 32 R ,c;
December closed »»c to >^c down, at aw
Oats held etendy, supported by a good cash
demand. Selling waa on a small scale. May
cl<w-d V»c lower, at 23?»c; December a shade
lower, at II'sGIZSc.
The flrmnesH of l^lvtrpoAl for American prod
ucts held provisions steady In the face of the
weakness In train and lower hog prices. The
market was dull and fluctuations narrow. May
pork closed unchanged from Friday at $9 CO©
9 62V. May lard a shade up at »;. 324. and May
ribs unchanged, at tS 10.
The leading futures ranged as follow*:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Whfat No. 2—
Dect-mb«rr 6:.\ 654 654 654
May 70 70 63»i 70
Corn No. 2—2 —
December 31H 31H 314 314
January 31 31 30* i 30*«
May 32* i 22»; 32S 32H
Oat« No. 2—
December 22Vi 22H 22Vi 22H
May 13% 23'^ 23>i 23"
Mess Pork. per barrel —
December 805 810 8 02^4 806
January 9 474 9 f.?4 9 27>.» «i 60
May 960 965 9C 74 <« 624
l.ard. cer 100 Dounds
December 490 4 824 400 4 524
January 5 124 £-1" 6 124 515
May 5 30 & 35 1 2) I 324
Short Ribs, r>er 100 i>ounds—
December .... .... 4 874
January 495 4 874 455 i <j.".
May 610 6 12' i ClO 610
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 6.lfiO4V4c:' No. 2 red.
67«/C7Hc; No. 2 corn. 3Hi<J?3l*;c; No. 2 oats.
ISCSI&c: No. I white. 2"\.-, HO. 3 white, 24fT()
:.".*is; No. 2 rye. 54H©^5c: No. 2 barU 27©
43Hc: No. 1 flaxneed, $1 354; NW.. Jl y. .
prime timothy seed. $2 40; meal pork, per bar
rel. 17 C;»®!> &S; lard, per 100 pounds, {4 MM
5 07Vi: short ribs sides (loose), (I SOffo 15; dry
salted shoulders (b^xed). 5*4W5V»c; short clear
side* (boxed), J5 Vo'aj 20; whisky, distillers'
finished good*, per gallon, $1 23Vi; sugars, cut
loaf. 5.70; granulated, I.lßc.
Article*— Receipts. Shipments.
nrnir. barrel* 3S.OGQ 32.0 M
Wheat, bushels 191.000 19.C00
Corn, bushels 416.000 da.bGO
Oats. 19?]<?I<« 442.0f>0 731.000
rty*. bushelr 11. OX) B.fM)
IVarley. bushels 143.CX) 1C2.000
On the Produce Exchange tn-dsy the butter
market was strong; creamery, 16V16e: dairy. IS
021 c. Cheese, easy; HH^UVic. E«(rs, steady;
fresh. ISc.
Foreign Futures.
. ■■ :_-' ,»
LIVERPOOL,.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May
Op»i>lng 5 *<Mi 5 9'<, 6 I'iVi
Closing 5 ".% !•% 6 »',
TARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening • IS 06 15 10
Closing IS 10 19 M
• Flour —
Opening 24 20 25 15
Closing 24 20 •.'5 00
Chicago Livestock Market.
. CHICAGO. Nov. 27.— CATTLE— Good to choice
f.it Cattle, strong to lie higher; ethers steady.
Butchers' stock, strong to 10c higher; canners.
steady; good to choice. $3 3"fi7; poor to medium
M2SOS2S:' mixed stockera, JS'u3 70; selected
feeder*. $4 2i{}4 73; good to choice cow* }3 :,n\p
B: heifers, ttso^i; canners. $1 GOfil 90; bulls
J2 40<S4 15; calves. $4';i7; fed Texas beevoi $4 25
©5 21; gra^s T^xbf Ptecrs, •J3 25(34; Western
range b*evee. HQi 75.
HOGS— Steady to r. c lower; closed weak
Mixed .in I butchf rs*. $3 75473 97Vi: good to
choice heavy, >.■• *;V' 3 97«4; rough hea\-j-. 13 73
«j3SO; lights. WMiSM; bulk of sales. S3 Wfl
SHEEP— Market active. 101115 c higher Na
tive wethers. J3 S05?« 60: lambs. $4Q5 2.- ■ West
ern wethers. $3^4 25; Western lamb*. u'l&di- 2.;
Receipts-Cattle. 10.000; Hog*, 40.000; Rheop'
13.000. . .T
The Coff.v. (Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. -For several weeks
past bull tpc-eulatlcn has been In progress on
the Coffee Exchange, until even the more op
timUtic operators late la«t week feared the
market to be In a "topheavy" condition. Some
had closed out their Interest before th« holiday
nn Mrfhlf* Therefore a rise of 25 to 45 points
i. ca |' th morning; came as a complete Bur
it, %, l 0 thls branch of the trade, as well as to
l ",*. bear faction. Great excitement prevailed,
t.. ti tradln X by far the heaviest in years.
lAicKiess *"" n * made no pretense whatever of
f»iT "ing the advance or movements of their
?£'£? n r ntl V '■> : p. m. the bulletin board re
li .',' fH'Z ° r lv " r '" °*«»: total dealings foot
,' "'; '»■• 2""» i.airs. Final bids showed a net
gain ror th- day of 2°®3o points. Wall street.
i.uroi*. th * VVeat an.l the loc> a' tr...!^ wer^ all
CMnsi.-tent buyers throughout the session. The
V.',.',** baße d entirely upon strong cables from
tK» ~" a ". ma »"kets and reduced estimates for
..r. r " wll 'X crops In Brazil: but 9.000.000 bag»
are now expected. Spot Coffee advanced to 7c
for No. 7. rlor lo sympathetically.
Visible Gram Supply.
NEW YORK. Nov. !7.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat on \
Saturday, November 25. as complied by the |
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
"heat. 55.5C6.000 bushels; Increase. 1, $36, COO
FSri-vJ 1571 572 ' 001 ' bushels; Increase. 515. C00. Oats,
6.91 7. W0 bushels; decrease. MS.OM. Rye, J.9?5.
000 bushels; increase. 136.000. Barley. 3.556,000
I bushels; Increase, 437.000.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 27.— T0-day's statemem.
of the con dition of the Treat-ury »how« avatl
"'4l 6 ° aSh balance . |XK,4SM7I; gold reserve.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nor. 27.— Consols. 102 13-16: Sliver.
j 27»,d; French Rentes. lOOf 37'ic. Wheat car
goes off coa*t. nominal, unchanged; cargoes on
p6Ks:i*.-*>, nominal, unchanged; No. 1 Standard
California. 23s Bd. English country markets, ;
steady; import into United Kingdom. Wheat. j
J«6,000 quarters; Flour, 291.000 quarters; j
Wheat and Flour on passage to .United King- j
dom. I.SM.CCO; Wheat and Flour on passagn to
C< nttnent, 1,270 00"
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 27.— Wheat, dull; Wheat
In Paris, weak; Flo'ir In Pans, weak. French
country markets, weak.
Cotton— Uplands. 4 MM
CLOSING.
WHEAT— fipot, dull: future*, easy; Decem
ber, ft T%&; March. U SSd; May. Is 9T4d.
CORN— Spot mixed new. dull, 3s sd; do. old.
dull. 3s sd. Futures quiet; December, Is l'»d;
January. 3 a 6Hd.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 27.— Clearings. $410,.
923; balances, $71.6"0.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. There Is very lit
tle wheat chancing hands. Most of the ex- |
porters refuse to so above 51 cents for Walla '
Walla and about the same price for Valley, but
If a choice lot Is wanted for a special purpose,
at least a cent a bushel more Is obtainable.
Cleared— Ship Alclnous, for Q.ueenstown. with
27,230 barrels Boar; ship Crown of Germany, I
for Queenstown. with 132.5C2 bushels barley
and 32,457 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Nov. 27.— Wheat opened
Fame as last week, Club. 504 c: Blue Stem. Be.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 11 $2
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 fcS*i
Merlin* cables — 4 87'^
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 4*4
Fine Silver, per ounce — es»i
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The decline continues, an.l both
spot nnd future prices are off again.
Liverpool and Paris were both reported lower.
Chicago was barely steady at a fractional de
cline and a subsequent recovery. The only de-
maud was to fill shorta, December holders
pressed their holdings on the market. The
world's shipments for the week were e.OOO.OO")
bushels, and th- American visible supply ln
creas>*-d 1. R 36.000 bushels.
S t >ot Wheat— Shipping. 974'335»ic: milling,
Jl OlViSl 03' i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— lo.ooo
ctls. SI '■».. 2000. $1 06.
Sf-cond Session— May— 2oOO ctls. II <*!'(,; 44.0C0,
Jl 06. Dt-ceml^r-SCOO. 9Sc; 40.fi00. 97% C.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo rtls.
9<!r: 20. W". 97» 4 c; 14,000, n%C May— 4o.oCO, $1 06;
22.000. $1 «H.
Afternoon Pension— May— ctls, $1 OC>;.
Deoeml^r— 4r<v>. !<7*ic: 8000. 97T4C
BARLEY market continues In Mil
shape. Feed is selling all the way from COc to
7.V, for local sumption, but lots for call
hoard delivery will bring '£'-'•. Speculation on
Call Is nt a standstill.
Feed. 60fiS:>«c for No. 1 and CV|77sc for oft*
rradea; brewing and Shipping grades, S74i?
S24 c : Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 4ooo ctls. $44c
OATS— The market Is quiet at about the some
prlcrs.
White. $1 K'Gl 30; Red. 51 v 3l 20; Sri),
SI 07Q1 174: Black. 974c<35l 074.
CORN— Nominal at tl 1174*01 15 per ctl. Small
lots sell up to SI 20.
RYE-Quoted at JITT I 01 per ctl.
HE AT— Quoted at $1 90©2 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Fl.OUß— California family extras. $3 60<!?S 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40f?3 DC; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40 4? 3 50 per bhl for extra,
$3 2r/(i3 40 for bakers' and $2 20®3 for superfine.
MILLSTt.'FFS— Prices in «acks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 2i per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $; 73; Hyp
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25: Oat
Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $3 25&3 50: Buckwheat
Flour. U * 25: Cracked Wh»at. $3 75; Farina.
$4 BO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels), |8 (,:.<Q6 45: In racks. $5 8506 25; Pearl
Barley. $: . Split Pea*. $4 50; Green Peas. $5 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay are large again and the
market eontWues weak and dull. Dealers nay
that $10 ran be. obtained only for strictly choice
Wheat, and then only In a small way.
Feedstuff* show no change.
BRAN 116 50© 17 per ton.
Mil 'I •!. IN. S1&820 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled narley. $17 50© IS per
ten: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26^27. Jobbing.
127 sOft2S: Cocoanut Cake. J20©21: Cornn:eal.
$23 50f124 50; Cracked Corn. ?24fi25: Mixed Feed.
$16 50&17: Cottonseed Meal, $2* per ton.
HAT- Wheat, $7 Sos? 9 for ixmmon to good
nd $<» 5tV?lO for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7©9;
Oat. $7<3s 50; Barley. $j{?7; Alfalfa. $s®:} per
ten: Ccmpre**ed. $7©lo per ton.
STRAW— KiJJOc per bale.
fleans and Seeds.
Trier* Is no further advance in Beans, but the
market Is very firm
BEANS— Bayos, S3 ?r.<S?3 50; small White. XI 90
©3: large White. $2 40-g2 50: I'lnks. $2 75; H.l-.
U 15C4: Blackeye. $4 60«4 75; Butters, nomi
nal: Lima. $4 WHS. Pea, J3ff3 25; Red Kidneys.
{3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS-nrown Mustard. 3@3Hc; Yf-llow
Mustard. 424>4c: Flax. II 124: Canary, 3V4c per
lb for CalKornla and 4<- for Enstern; Alfalfa.
7jfSc; Rape. 24©3 c; Hemp. 4®44c; Timothy.
4©«4e.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 3:.©1 50; Green, tl 75
Ql Si per etl.
Potatoes, Onions mv! Vegetables.
Th»> froi-h vegetables fn.m I>os Angeles are
slowly crowding out the old and stale arrival*
titm tba bay. and sotm will b« the only ones
quoted.
Pi t .it m iin.l f)nl.>ns are unchanged.
POTATOES River Reds. 6"jJj6sc-; Burbanks.
per rtl; Salinas Burbanks. $101 -'> . Ore
irbank*. r;>c'asl 10; Sweet Potatoes. 75©
,•- <l jl W for Merced.
ONIONS— 7 .;ji 1.-1 etl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 6®loc per Ib;
Btrlnt; Beans. Cfj»c: Cabbage, 49^50c; Tomatoes.
li.'(i2L(>: Los Angeles Tomatoes, 7.V; Err Plant
from Los Angeles. ll . Dried Okra. 12'ic per
Ib; Garlic. 334 c; Green Peppers, 50f?75c;
Carrots. :;.ii o per sack: Cucumbers, 254i40c;
Los Anjrelea Summer Squash, tOcfiJl per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $1261 j per ton: Mushrooms,
10JJ12C per Ib for choice and 4®Bc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
The week began with receipts of four car* of
Eastern Live Poultry, two cars of Eastern
Dressed Turkeys, and two cars of the cam*,
from Oregon. While most dealers tried to (ret
ISc for choice dressed Turkeys, there, wire but
few sales nt this figure. The Eastern Live
Poultry sold at ji-jr.-, SO for Hem and Young
Roosters, M f.0<35 for old Roosters, $4 for Fry
ers and 12313 c for Turkeys.
Gam* was quiet and weaker as a rule.
POULTRY— Live Turkey*. 13»14c for Gob
blers and n-.ilic for Hens: Dressed Turkeys 14
•nc; <•'■.-,. per pair. 11 7o1?2; G.>sling* si 75«
!: Ducks. $4a4 ;o for old and tig 6 for young-
Hens. *4-.--» Young Roosters, »4©4 50; Old Roos
ters. 145J4 5O: Fryers. $3 751T4: Broilers. $3 5001
for large. tiffs so for small; Pigeons, $1 per
dozen for old and II 7552 25 for Squabs
GAME— Quail. *15^a2; Mallard. Js©7: Canvas
back. Js©7; Sprig. $3®4; Teal. |2 60(33; Widgeon,
HOSM: Small Duck. $1 Ml TS; Doves. Sso per
dozen; Hare. SI 50; Rabbits. Si 754K: Oray
Geese. 14: White. 11X501 £0; Brant 5203: Enjj
ll«ti Snipe. $150 per dozen; Jack Snipe. $I@l »•
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The week opened with a quiet and steady
Butter market. Ekk« were weak, and while
dealers tried to K>-t 45c for Fine Ranch, no
buyer was allowed to leave the store at 43c.
The tendency In these goods Is toward lower
prices.
BITTER-.
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 25 l g26c; seconds.
22521 c.
Dairy— B%#ac; good to choice, Tiff
22c; common. 20c.
Plckl«J roil— 2i'o£>Vkc; firkin. 20^21c; cream
ery- tub. 22i124e.
Eastern— for ladle packed.
CHEESE— mild new 12012H&: old.
lH?c; Young America. 124013 c; Eastern. ISVitf
16c: western 13Vi©l.'>c per Ib
EGGS— Quoted at 27V41i30c for common and 42
@44c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age. ]>•/ in- for firsts and 15c lor seconds; fresn.
'.'Hi 25c per dcz.
Deciduous and Citrus Frutls.
There were very few Berries in yesterday,
and quotations are therefore nominal.
Orances stand about th* same, the market
belnK well supplied an>l quiet.
Graphs »re in food supply and weak.
I ECIDI I '1 S Klt'ITS-
Apples. 3.'T;C.V per box for common. 73cS$l for
*<-..<! and $1 2."'«jl 50 for choice; Lady Apples.
Kfii 50 per box.
BERRIES Strawberries. $10 per chest for
small ami $3 for large berries; . .aspberrles. VW
S per chest; Blackberries, . Huckleberries,
Mi"c per Ib: Curie Code Cranberries. $$^9 CO;
Cooh Buy Cranberries. $1 Wtjl 7." per box.
Persimmon*. oui"<j7jc i^r n»x.
Graprs, 40«Jfi5c ■■' box; crates. &O5S5c.
Winter Peare. ■ • -lii TO per box.
Quinces. ITiT'.r per box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges, $2*33 25 per
box; Becdllaga, $1 6092: Pomelos, $1*30^3:
Lemons. ll'ul'.O for common and S-''|3."l
for Rood to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 M'rf
4 ib; li&nanaa. $1 6<i'(i3 per bunch; Pineapples, $1
<U* W per doi.
Pried Fruits, Xuts, Raisin*.
The market Is reported very quiet at the mo
ment.
DHIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 454 c for
40-iG's. Vyai^y: for 50-60's. 3\c for 60-7«' - s, 3V4c
for 70-SO's. 3c for M-Wl and 2*ic for &"M00'».
AprlcoU. UOI3C for Royals. 12V;tfl6c for Moor
larks and 120 lie for Blenheims; Peaches, iff
6V*c fcr Standards. 6£l6V»c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, . ioll . Evaporated
Apples, 7Jj7*;c; Sun-dried. '.'-,• per lb; Nec
tarine*, SH^ycper Ib for red; Pears. 64'tfSc 101
auarters and Bflloc for halves: Black 1-., <3
?',.■; White Figs. «©*:; Bleached Plums. &<39c;
Unbleached Plums. 7S7H-C for pitted anJ 14c
for unfitted.
RAISINS Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. lOo; choice, '••<■. standard. Ie; prime, fie; un
bleached Thorn peon' per Ilk, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per Ib, m-'. choice. 7V4e; standard, »>4c;
prime, Ie; unbleached Sultanas. He; Seedieits,
50-lb boxen. 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels, i4c;
J-crown, 6'^c; 4-crown, ' 7c; London Layers,
7-crown. Jl 50 pei box; 3-crown. ii Ml Fancy
Clusters, $2. Dent !2 TO; Imperial, $3. AH
prices arc f. 0. b. at common shipping point!
In CsJltomte,
NTT? Chestnuts, S<tl\i\ic; Walnuts. l#lOu for
rtnndards and 104f»Uc for softshelf; Al
mords. 12f?134c for paper-shell. lOJJIIc for soft
and SflCc for hardshell; Peanuts, 5\96%c for
Eastern and Cc for California; Brazil Nuts,
74fcSc; Filberts, lV.i^\2c; Pecans. lOiyilc:
Coroanuts. {4 .Vi'uS.
HONEY— Comb. Utilize for bright and ICV,^
lie for !lKht amber; water white extracted. 74
©8c; light amber extracted. 6%57c; dark. 540
per Ib.
BEESWAX- per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, S^e per Ib for
heavy. SVic for llfrht medium. 10Hc for light.
124 c for extra llicht and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sujrar-cured Hams. 124 c; California
Hams, nominal; Mers Beef, $12 per bbl; extra
Mess, PS: Family. JH; extra Prime Pork. (14 M;
extra clear. 117 50; Mesa. SIC 10; Smoked Beef.
[4 . : iv- per lb.
LARD— Tierces nunted at 64c per Ib for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
7Uc; 10-lb tins, tc; 6-lb tins, Bi;c.
COTTOLENE— 7»»«?7Sc per lb.
Hides, Talhw, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands Mil
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers.
114 c; ir»dlum. 104 c: llßht. 10c; Cowhides. 100
104 c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf, lCc;
Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and bran.v.
14c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf, 1> t
19c; IWUXIiIIH. yearMnirs. 20'535c each; short
Wool. 21360 c each; medium. 70-i<3fc; long Wool,
Jl'ul I*, each; Home Hides, salt. $2 &0 for large
and Jlffil CO for small: Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. l rendered, 5c per Ib; No. 2.
4V»c: refined. 61-.6 1 -.- grease. . - c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plains. Sft94c; South
ern. Kiioc: Middle County. 10«124c; Humboldt
ar.<l Mendodno, IKSICc; Eastern Oregon. 12315 c;
Valley Oregon. UfilSo: Northern Mountain.
free. lllilXe; Northern Mountain, defective, 10*t
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7<rloc per ib.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are weak, as there are fre* receipts
from Oregon, but prices are not exactly lower.
The other descriptions are unchanged.
BEEF— 7<g74c per Ib for Steers and 6437 c for
Cows.
\ KAI. c .'- per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; ewes. 6Hc per lb.
LAMB-Sl?S4c per lb.
I'ORK— Live Hogs, sSfrs*ic for small. SHQ
:\r for medium and ssir>iic for large: stock
Hogs and feeders, 64c; dressed Hogs, 7@S4c
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 787«4e: Wool
Begs. ?8«j30c: Fruit Bags, le, 6Uc and 6»is for
the three grades of white and 7H.-C for bleached
Jute.
Wellington. $* per ton; New Welling
ton. IS. Southfleld Wellington. $7 60; Seattle. Jo;
Bryant, 16: COM Bay. $5; Wallsend JS; Scotch
; Cumberland, $9 75 In bulk and ♦:: 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13- Can
nel. |iH per ton; Rock Springs and '<'a-t;-
Gate. $11 25; Coke. $13 per ton In bulk and $13
In backs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote*, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered. f>V-, Candy Granulated, |c; Dry Granu
lated. t%c; Confectioners' A. 4 »c; California A
; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C 4Hc; Golden
C, 4V,c; barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels Us
more; boxes. ' c more; 60-lb bags. 14c more
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Us
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels. 5%c boxes
•T»c per lb.
FOR 72 HOURS.
Flour, qr pks ... Z9.150 Middlings, ska .. i .-.41
Wheat, ctli Mustard. sks .... Ml
Barley, . tls 7.9; i» Shorts, aim joo
Oats. ctls 2.350 Sugar, sks 2.04')
Corn, ctli Hops, bales a
Corn. East COOlWool. bngs m
Butter, ctls 170 liruomcorn. bdls. 419
Cheese, ctli 104 Pelts, bdls 1 in;
Tallow. ctl 257 Hides, no . ass
Rye. ctls «*•' Eggs, doz 10.550
Hay, tons 1,271 Raialns. hxs .... 2 72$
Straw, tons 30 Sugar, bbls 'si;,
Beans, sks 3.420 Quicksilver risks 21S
Potatoes, Fks ... 10.9f.9 Brandy, gals 7 7io
Onions, sks l.S2i)iWlne. gall . S3 400
Bran, sks 1.340 Leather, rolls ... 182
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... H.OM Onions. i<ks 33
Oats, ctls 440 Ilran. Shorts and
Potatoes, sks ... 4.322 Middlings, sks. 537
I'HE STOCK MARKET.
Price* for securities ran along very evenly
yesterday, there b«ing little change In the
afternoon from the mornlnc. Bank of Cali
fornia stock sold higher at $399 and Hawaiian
Commercial sold at S'.C ." •"■ r , v 4 The market was
active and the volume of rales Inrjje.
The Pennsylvania Mlnlni: Company of Grass
Valley ho» declared Its regular dividend of 20
cents per share for the current month.
STOCK AM' BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Nor. 27-2 p. m .
81d.A.-k. v,,, . v ,
U S Bonds— lEqult G L Co. =>S 6 '
4* quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co 144 —
4» quar re*.... — — (• <: L & 11 .... 44 4-,
*» quar new... — — Pac Gas Imp.. 657 i —
3s quar coup... loS4lC94|Pae Light Co 404 41%
•Miscellaneous— ,-' F Q & E.... 56% 56*1
Cal-*t Cab Ba.UTH- Han Francisco. 34 —
C C Wat Cs....l(KJ*i — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Kd L & V (•z.iZ) — Insurance—
F*Cl Ry 65. 113 — F.r.ms Fund. 72o —
Genry-st R 6 " \n., <>.'. riank Stocks-
II C& S 5H5.1074 - Anglo-Cal ... 45 _
L A Ry *•;•" — m Bank of .'al.. .395 —
LA LCo f.s. 99 - Cal S I) & T.. — 974
Do icntd 65.. »9 - First Natnl....lK 240
Do gntd is.. - - i. on I' &a . . 12» -
I. AA-P *} l*-ml *- m , - Merchnta' Ex. - 16
Markets Cs...I!SH - Nev Nat Hk...190 —
L. Ist M 8 "- U Z — Savings Banks
i? C N ' : - H 75.112 — Ger S A L.. "''> -
NR of Cal ««.11« - Hum SAL lOSfl 1160
NR of Cal 55.113 114 Mm Pa* Bk 39 it
NPCR R6, 101 - F F Say U. I! 500 -
N^CRR Ss.lM 103 Say i- L So . - 80
N '31 R H t«.11»T4 _ SeC Say Ilk _ »?5
OGL & H C..10S - , union T o "km 14 0
Oak Tran 6«.112 - ' Street RailroVds
o«k W Co 65.108 - California n» i*x
Ocean 8 S Es.lOSt;ilO • I Geary :... in _
i,"i C Ry «•• - V Market-st .:;;; 62V4 -
V& a Ry 65.108 — "-k SL& H. - 60
l>k & p Ity fa.m - I Presidio /...._ M
Powell-st R fa- 122 ; Powder—
SacElQ&Rss— — Icallfornla 17« _
R F & N P 55.114 i1154|E Dynamite... 85 - —
SF & BJVto..IUH — Giant Con Co. 84 95
SHy of Cal 6s.U'»'^ — VlKorlt ZSi, 34
B I 1I 1 of A K8.... — 111 r>u«a.-—
SP C IsOMt) — 111 liana P C 0.... - Mi
S 1- C 6a(I9CC).UI — Haw C&S Co 53% 95
S !■ C ««<1»12) — Honokaa .- Co. 33«, 34';
s }• Cls eg ss. — — 'Hutch 8 P Co. 27'» —
B I 1I 1 Hr «- 1234 — iKlluuea S Co.. — 27
S V Wit ««.... 114'« — Makaweii sCo 44', —
B V Wat 45. ...103 — (Onomea S Co. U\k —
F V W4s<3dm).lol%lo2i; |Paauhau 8 Co. 32>» —
Stkton Gas 6*. — — AJlncellaneous—
Water Stock*— AI Pack Assn.ll7Hlls*3
I Contra Costa.. 77*; 73 Mar tSx Assn.. — 100
Marln County. 50 — Oceanic B Co.. 93'« —
1 Spring Valley. S6H 07 |Pac A F A.... Hj 2\
Gas and Electric— I'mc C Bor C0.14i —
«>nt Ga« C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. t% —
Cent L & P.... « 7
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers* Assn US 21
5 Cal .Safe I■■ ;• «it 97 10
10 Contra Costa Water 7S 00
SO Giant Powder Con MM
75 liana Plantation Co » 75
10 Honokaa - Co M lA
100 Makaweli J» to
M Pacific Gas Imp MM
60 Paauhau 8 Co 32 a
M s F Gas 4 Electric &* - J
C 5 S V Water s?5 -"
J2Ol»0 - V 6» 114 25
Afternoon Session.
1 ink of California »22
.V) Contra Conta Water ji f'^i
CO Contra Costa Water «> J;', 1
8 Equitable Gns ■ j»
60 Hawaiian Com] & Sugar S- •■">
2:, Hawaiian Com! & Sugar 92 75
10 Hawaiian Coml Ac Sugar »3 CO
5 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 9« '«)
15 Honokaa H •'-"
&0 Market Street Railway 62 lift
*Q ikawall •»! M
5 Oakinnd Gas 11 '3
CO Oceanic a S Co 93 50
nS Paauhau S P Co 32 S3
B5 X F Gas & Electric Co M W
KB V Water MM
Street—
19 Glain Powder Con 91 SO
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Giant Powder Con *4 V 1
to Equitable Gas * 37Vi
25 Contra Costa Water " r - *
10 Oceanic S I Co *»'O
10 S V Water M »)
10 S V Water M iT'i
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 AlaKku Packers' A««n Itl :*■
100 Equitatit*> Ua." '- 75
Zi Giant Powder Con 94 "."•
70 Pacific Gus Imp Co 6* DO
JO S F Gas it Electric v, I* :2»i
35 S F Ghb • Electric Co S6 0"
25 liana I'lantatlon Co '■> 75
150 Vißorlt Powder m
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning lam
Board—
ICO Tidal Wave 2 75
100 Tidal Wave 2 V)
100 Tidal Wave 2 85
20) San Joaquln O & D Co 80
IGO California oil ie Gas Co 3 75
ICO liurkhorn Ml & T Co 400
SW llarker Ranch 1 II
too Century Oil Co 95
1"U Anaconda Oil Co 160
100 Anaconda OH Co 165
100 Anaconda Oil Co 1 "<}
1 Dnqueare Oil Co .'...205 00
150 Yukun Crude OH Co : 35
10 Yukon Crude. OH Co 2 40
100 Yukon Crude OH Co l «0
ICO Yukon Crude OH Co 2 65
Street—
l*"0 Buekhorn OH & T Co 4 M
30 Caribou 100
M Yukon Crude Oil Co 2 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave 2 «5
100 Tidal Wave 2 70
VA Caribou 95
100 California Oil A Gas Co 3 7".
CIO Century Oil Co 100
IM> Anaconda OH 150
1(«> Anaconda Oil 1 55
ICO Anaconda OH 1 I
150 Yukon Crude OH 2 60
300 Yukon Crude Oil 2 (5
Street—
150 Tukon rule Oil 2SO
PRODUCERS OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
i.-d—
Caribou l (»
IKO Dominion 4<)
SCO Dominion 45
5 rkfleld H 0)
300 Petroleum Center 35
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1600 Dominion 40
200 Petroleum Center jj
MINI.Ni; STOCKB.
The folio-win* w»r» th* sales In th» San Fran
cisco Stock ana Rx<-hani(<> Board yesterday:
Morn true Session.
2™ Alpha 04 400 Mexican ... 6?
•00 Andes 13 600 Mexican 51
-(*) Bent & Belcher 41 COO Ophlr 115
200 Caledonia ...... 60 100 Sierra Nevada! 42
3(>o Con Cal & \ a. l 65 200 Sierra Neva.li 41
5S ?,°V' J / : Curry. 17 1 100 Yellow Jacket. 19
100 Hale & Norcn. 40 j Jacket . »
Afternoon Session.
IN) Andes 12 Itt Gould A Curry l«
K0 Best & Belcher 33 100 Mexican "^* il
lU> Caledonia 60 lf«) Savage !!' ' l
100 Chollar 20 ICO Standard ilk
200 Con Cal 4 Va 1 69 * *
The foll.-iwlnic were the sales in th« Pacifle
Mornln«r Se Ss j on .
100 Alpha II 200 Mexican 62
4«0 Uest & Bnlcher 42 400 Mexican . "" j
2'« Ifc-st & Belcher 43 I.V) Mexican ..."" 61
3Th) Ue»t & Belcher illlZM Ophlr ... '"120
3fln Heat & Belcher 40 300 Ophlr ......Y.i'ynL
C<X> Bullion 06 400 Ophlr .... 1 is
100 Caledonia r.T ~"<> ; ,hir .... "i'l2S
2fO ChaJlenjre Con. 22' 3W» Ophlr " 1 iS
ir.o Chollar 22, 600 Ophlr ..1 «ru
12iO Con i'al & Va..l 6! 400 Potoal .. 27
iZft Con Cal a V.I 67H V» Potosl . "" -^
300 Con Cal & V.I «2>* «00 Sierra Neva-la 43
2'M Con Cal & Va 1 60 UiO Sierra Nevada. 40
100 Con '■'■ & V.I 57'» SOO I'nlon Con 33
700 Crown Point.... 21 400 Yellow Jacket.. 19
P« Gould * Curry. IT J 400 Yellow Jacket . is
400 Hale & Norm 41
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 23; CO Ophir lIM
100 Belcher 28 350 Ophlr ' 1*1?,
200 Challenge Con. 22 HO Ophir i'O7U
200 Con Cal & V.I £74 1400 . >){ Belcher... 04
00 Con Cal & V...1 60 600 Sierra Nevada. 40
CLOSING QUOTATION*
MONDAY. Nov. 27-4 p. m
Alpha 03 "4 Kentuck .. — Nt
Alta OS 07, Lady Wash....' _ o«
Amies 11 1" 'Mexican 49 in
Belcher 25 MjOccldental .. " » n
He*t & Belcher. 33 ttlOphlr 1o;1 10
Bullion (-5 W Overman ....... i« }2
Caledonia :■.' — Potoal . ' m 77
Chollar 13 2lJSavafre ....."" h 1*
Challenge Con. 21 ' n . 02 __
Confidence SI — Sejc Belcher....! — 07
Con Cml & Va.l ;.;. 160 Sierra Nevada. 39 41
Con Imperial... - OS SUrer Hi 11.... mm.
Crown int... 20 21 Bt Louts '■■■ JL ,1
Exchequer — n: Standard ...Y."t SS _
Gould & Curry. 18 IS Syndicate . ' _ m
Hale & Norcrs. 40 41 Union Con '...'. 34 i(
Julia - C 2 t.,1, "• CS 2
Justice 09 10 Yellow Jacket. X n
REAJL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Frank and Catherine M.iXFon to Alexander
and Mi-cir. ; M Kay. lot on S line of Dush
street. 79 I of Urodertck. E 24 by 9 «v $to
Daniel an.l Ellen Elnateln to Sable E. 'Batch
elder (wife of N. P.). lot on i: |la« of Cantral
avenue (Lou) 112:6 a of Page. S 25 by E 114-4
|lO. V
Same to Margaret William* (wife of Thomas)
lot on S line of Page street. 80:4 E of (>nir I
avenue (Lott). El by S S7:«; $10. *- ent «^»
.Maria A. and Frank H. Merrill to Miry \t
Miller. undivided one-half Interest In lot on
S KVuS 1 ' IZ ° S ° f s -nteenth. 8
Same to George A Merrill, lot on W line of
Noe street, 150 Sof Eighteenth. \V ].'-. , v s 25;
gift. **•
Fame to Kate M. Merrill, lot on 8 line of
Hancock meet, 105 E of Noe. ■ 2:. by | 114;
Same to MoUlt S. Merrill, undivided one-half
interest In lot on W line of Noe street i 7«i 7 « a
of Eighteenth. \V 1.: by S 23; Rift.
Jane < 'nleman to Katie J. Hlnglns. lot on 8
line of Henry street, tv) I of Castro, !. 25 by
S 115: Klft. *
Same to name, lot on I line of Noe afreet
26:6 N of Valley, N 25 by E 105: Rift.
Dora. Adolph. Abraham. Louis an.l Al-xan
d*r Coleman an.l Mrs Annie Uehrend to Frank
Dtbello ■''•'■ m >••••• Gamt>nr. lot on N tine of
Green street. 157:9 E of Inipont, V. 19:9. N 64 «
\V 12. N 6. W 7:9. S 70:6; J3IOO.
H. F. Jr. an.l Clam. H. [ilanchet to Timothy
Kenney. lot on X line of Chestnut itreet, 137-4
W of Stockton. W 34:6 by n 137:6; $10.
Mary J. Blair to Thomas \V. an.i Christopher
C. Wverx. lot on BE line of Shipley (Louisa)
fir.-, 422:6 NE of Fourth. Nl 20 by SE 63- $1
Margaret E. F. rtoberts (wife of D. F.) and
Mary A. Robinson (wife of R. O.) [1 Ernest
and Maria Hahn, lot on N\V line of Jessie
street. ICO S\V of Seventh. SW V. by N\V 75;
i:
Ernest Hahn to Maria Hahn. same gift
Charlotte F. W. Cooney (wife of J T ) to
Joseph T. <■.., ne\, lot. on X line of Ninth ave
nue. 125 S of C street. ? 25 by E 120. also lot
on X line of Seventeenth avenue. 100 - of n
street. B 75 by ■ I.M. $10. B
Peter Wappel to Annie E. Wappel (wife of
Teter). lota 1 to 3. block 7. Syndicate's First
Addition; Rift. lnl
Mrs. Peter Wappel (or Annie E. Wappel) to
Georce E. Wappel. same; $jfK\ vl * lJ lo
Jacob Scheuer to Louisa heuer. lot on \\V
corner of Miguel an.l Arlington streets M 100
by W £3. block 9. Falrmount; rift. ' W
Edward GlrzlkowKky and Jessie Hauser
(Olrzlkowsky) to John Pforr, lot on M line of
lierk-htre street. l"0 E of Diamond (Cnitnnt
E 25. S 123:5. v. 25. S 123:9. lot $ block v
Mission anil Thirtieth Extension Homestead-
James E. and Lizzie F. Howe. Hrman Jacob
(assignee estate of James E. Howe. Insolvent
(by A. C. Springer, commissioner) to I, Gu«-
Benhlme. lota 15 and 19, block 19. bounded by
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
AND TWO YEAR-OLDS
IN TRAINING.
Brothers and Sisters to BELLE BOTD. PCAR.
lIOROUOH. TAlt HILL. SILVER
UI'LLIO.V. ETC.
Also the Two-Year-Old
SILVER BULLION <:» Winner) and RF.IN'A
JOAQUINA.
Bred by HON. THEODORE WINTERS, at
RANCHO DEL SIERRAS. WAPHOK.
NBV (Home of F.I Rio Rey.)
TO BE SOLD
THIS DAT.
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 21. Itv)
At 7:30 P. M.. at
(Under Cover by El-ctric Light)
SALESYARD. COR. VAN NESS AYE. «-Jd
MARKET ST.
Catalogues now ready.
Horses at yard Nov. 25.
CHASE * MENPENHALL
(Successors to Ktlllp A Co.).
Livestock Auctioneers
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SaLI ">
£* £* 5^
Till* DAT.
TUESDAY Nor. 3? a
At 11 o'clock, at
ORMONDE STABLE. 1517 Mission at..
Of CO head of Choice Well-lirnke Horse*, direct
from the country. Included in this lot •-• 2
very fa«? pacers. I take pleasure In showing
the above stock Jn harness any lime up to day
of sale. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
Tel. c , -v 431.
Corbett road. Romain, View Ocean road ard
Pearl alley JlOfio.
Catherine Hickey to Henry F. Blaneh«t Jr .
lot 15. block 11. Tract A, People's Homesteal
Association: •!»•' lot 1754, Olft Map 3. also lot
573. Olft Map I; 110.
Catherine I- Pain* to urn«, lot M Ctrt
Map t; $10.
Alameda County.
William F. and Emllle O. Booth to Alma A.
Smith, lot on F. Una of Hlll»fa«« a-vervi*.
233.C« - of Dwlght way B CO ry E 159.4 J. r»:n|
lot M, Mock P.. HHlegass Tract. Map 1. D-:V
in lir.o.
Frank F. and Minnie M. Dryd»n to John
Bernard, lot on S line of B street. *2 W of Han
nah. W 2S by S 100. being lot D. block 754.
Map of II street vision of Watts Tract.
Oakland: 110.
Alfred and Klvlna Wood to Harry Armstronr.
lot on E Him of Echo avenue, with line <*..v! ',
tna: subdivisions 2 and 3. In lot ■■ thenc* NB
119. N\V 2.1:44. .SW to I line of Echo avenue,
thenre B 34 to beginning, being a portion of
subdivision* 3 and 4. In lot IS. Glen Echo Tract.
Map 3. being a redlvlston of lots 10. 1«. IS. H.
29. 35 to 35 Glen Echo Tract. Map 2. Oakland;
$10.
Builder's Contract. v
Dr. C. H. Wejtphal (owner) with John B.
Reite (contractor), architect E. Kollofrath—
Carpenter work. Including excavating, brtcii
work, plastering and glazing for alterations
and additions to residence at 1302 Broadway;
11290.
John D. Err»ck»ls (owner) with Western
Iron Works (contractors), architects Hell
Brother*— Steel and castlmn work for -t
dence on NF. corner of Pacific avenue and Iji-
Ifuna street, Western Addition block 143; i: '■'. ■
Independent Electric Light and Power Corn
paajr (owners) with S. Gilettl System Company
(contractors), architects Reid Brothers—E»
cavatton and concrete foundation work for sub
station on W line of Hyde street, between
Golden Gate avenue and McAllister street;
Il2T* 31.
Same owner* with Owen E. Brady A S-ifi
(contractom). arrhltects same— Brick work for
tame en sam»; II"?' 1 .
Same owners with W. T. Velteh & Brother
(contractors), architects same— Carpenter and
mill work, painting, glazing, etc.. for sam«
on same; 51142 49.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Dn».
Portland Portland Not. *1
Proureno — Tacoma Not. 21
Mutt»-aw«n Ta.- ■■m* N .v ~«
Newbur« Orays Harbcr Nor. T*
Curacao (Mexico Nov. II
Empire ICoo« Bar (Nov. Zi
Santa Rosa {dan Virgo ... Not. 21
iv.juliU Rlver..jOray« Harbor Not. 23
yue«n (Victoria A I'uift Sound; Nov. 11
E. Tbompnon....JComox m No*. 29
Pomona (Humboldt Nov. :i
Miami [Seattle Not. J*
At>«Til>-Ti •• . IPortland N..%■N ..%■ .<
San I'edro llumN Not. 21
Homer Com Bay Nov. 2H
Arcata <"■•"" Bay INov. Ij
Lakrri«> IMKet Pound Nov. 2>
Tellus Departure Bay Nov. T)
Del Norte Cre«cent City Nov. 23
Coo» Bay Newport No*.W
Jeanle S^«if> Nov. 1>
San Ilia* 'Panama Nov. 3.1
Alice Blanchard '"■ •« Hay Nov. 39
Point Arena.. ..[Point Arena Nov. 1)
Bobt. Adamson.Nanalmo Nov. 3i)
Rtate of Cat !PortUnd Dec. \
Aloha iTlUamook Dec. 1
Alliance [Oregon Port* Dee. 1
Weeott llumboMt t*c. I
Corona lH«n Dtego Dec. 2
Cortlc China and Japan Dec. 2
Crescent City... Crejcent City Dec. 2
Walla Walla. ...|Vlrtorla It Pu«et Bound;D*c. 1
Mackinaw <**attl<» Dec. 3
North Fork '!••■• Dec. 4
Famna Hun.'., ill D#c. 4
Bonlta iNewport iDec. «
Yr' rr.
r M
♦
:
t-teamer. inclination. «.i:i« ! pi# r .
rionlta Newport [Nor. 2*. ri'rll
Colon Panama ... Nov. 2*. 12 ml'MSj)
Albion ;Tillam Nov. 2S. 3pm'Pl«r 2
North Fork:Humbo!dt Nor. 29. »am Pier i
Columbia ..[Portland Nor. 29. 10am[P)(r 24
Mameda ...]Sy»lner Nov. r>. I ptn'Pter 7
Cleveland .IPuget Sound.. Nov. St. 10 ampler 3 ▼
Samoa .<...|HumboMt Nov. 23. Darn P>r j
-anta Rosa. San Dtafl > Nor. 30. 11 anvPlrr U
Arcata Coos Bar Nor. SO. 10 am Pl«r 13
Pomona .... Humboldt Nov. 30, 2 pm'Pler *
Aberdeen ..Portland Nor. Jo. S pm'
Coqutlle Rviiruy» Harbor Dec. 1. i pm!
S'rwburff ... '»ray» Harbor I >»•<•. 1. 6 pmj
HplhUii Kk < "hlna* Japan [— • I. lpmPlrr >
•<><>■ Bay.. Newport Dec. 2. »am|Plern
jiifrn Vie * IVt P.I. Dec. 2. 10 am Pier »
It Arena.. Point Arena.. Dec. 2. 2pm Pier 2
Weeott IflumboMt Dec. 2. 2pm'Pl»rlJ
Alliance ..Joreicon Ports. Dec. 3. 10 am! Pier 2i
*tateof CaliPurtland IDec. 4. 10 ampler ;i
Corona .... ■•■ Dlejto 'Dec. 4. 11 amPler 11
Time Hall.
Branch Hydro«raphle Office, U. B. Jf., Mer.
chanta' Exchange. San Frmnciaco. Cai..
November 27. >>>
The tim» ball on the tower of the new F^rry
butldln* was dropped «* exactly noon today—
I. •.. at noon of th* iJCth meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m . Greenwich time.
C. O. CAL.KIN9.
Lieutenant Commander. V. 8. N . In .h* >•.
smm, Moon and Tide.
L'nlted State* Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Wattra at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters neeur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
•wentyflve minute* later than at Tort Point;
the height ot tide Is the same at both places.
TfEBPAY. NoVKMHKIt !>.
Hun rls*» 7.33
Sun *»t» "Vu
Moon rUen 1:K * m
i Time Time Tlm.l ITlm.j
t r-~ Ft. Ft I 1 Ft. I ! Tt.
"9- I* W H W L, W'r . |II W|
» ... 0:M-!.1| 1:42 — *.4 f:»iT»fT 05 M
» ... 1:» 2.4 1:14 &.« a:o< 0.4 iv."> !»
M ... J:l« I.; l:4« S.I J:«7-«.J m ; 3| 411
l ... 1:00 2.9 »:20 1.0 «:»_«.« 11:40 41
I ... l:( J.l !(>:<» «.i *:11 -1.0 ." ". .
H W L W 111 \V I. \v
I ... 0:J«-4.C «;« 3.2! 10:41 «Ji SJI« -1.1
4 ...I 111 4.1 -BcSJ J.I U:») ••! «^l!-l I
NOTE— In the above exposition of tht lid**
tne early morning tides art given In th« left
hand column ana the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time Th*
recond time column gives the second ti<J« of
tne day. the third time column the th t • tM*
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. eseept when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h«lahta
given an In addition to the soundings on In*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <-) precedes th« helaht
and then the number given If. subtracted from
tr.e depth given by the charts. The plane of
refer.-n.-~ I. the mean of the lower low water*
Shipping Intelligence.
AItRTVFn
Monday. November JT.
Stmr Samoa. Johtwen 4') hours from Eureka
Stmr George Loomls.. Drldgett. 13 hours from
> entura.
Continued on Page Thirteem.MRS. SATHER SETTLES
WITH WILLIAM DINGEE
'
End of the Famous Litigation
That Promised So Much :
An Arbitrator Is Appointed and the Lady
Secures a Portion of Her
Claim.
Oakland Offlc* San Francisco Call, i
•« Broadway. Nov V
W.i.iam J. Dtncee ar.d Mrs. Jane K.
Bather have settled their differences and
».th.n the next few days dismissals will
be fl.ed of the very sensational litigation
t-at <-ach has brought against the oth#r. ;
T...s .legation was the most startling!
t..at is now pending In the Alarm-da j
county courts, for it consisted cf a suit'
for niT.OM -which Mrs. Sather brought
against Mr. Dlngee. who was her ftr.an- I
c'.al agcr.t for many years, and a retaMa- |
tcry suit brought by Mr. Dlngee against |
Mrs. Sather for MOO.OW damages for slan- !
cer. It was not alone the amounts n- |
volved in the suits that made them of
Interest, but It was the possibility? of !
revelations that might be made upon both
tides. An! so the public of Oakland has j
bt^n watching with I ated br* ath for the |
trial of tnei two suits and expectations I
ran high to what might rent.
But these expectations have all l-**n '
dashed to the ground, for the two fair.oj* '
t-ulu have been submitted to arbitration. !
a decision ha» been reached and the suits i
uill both be dismissed before the pres- I
er.t week ends.
The compromise was mad* during the j
past week, but everybody connected with j
It has been r>-ge(i to «err»-cy until the ;
fi'ir.g of the dismissa's :• "s the story off
thr settlement. The public has already i
been too much Interested In the case ar.d !
there In no Intention of taking them into !
the confldeaces cf the two litigants more ,
than i» T.eeessary. However, it Is auri.d
that both suits shall be dismissed, and !
Mrs. Sather sets a portion of her claim i
upon Mr. Dlr.cee. though nothing like tne
amount *u«d for. Tr.«* amount of the
compromise is *bou: 110.000.
Not the least interesting fact In connec
tion with the compromise of those famous
eases was the selection of the arbitrator.
It was agreed between A. A. Moore and
John A. Sanborn. representing Mrs.
bather, and Htf d & Nusbauaer. repr*- j
t-entir.g William J. Dingee. that but one ;
arbitrator should b* chosen, and each side !
selected Frunk J. Moffltt. Mr. Moffltt was
at one time the confidential agent of Wll
..ain J. Dlr.gee, and when the two sep
arated about a year ago it was thought
that thf y would never come together :
again in any business way. That Mrs.
Sather should accept Mr. Moffltt was not i
surprising, but that Mr. Dlnge» should
take his former agent after their differ
ences added one more feature to this ;
series of remarkable cases. Both sides I
have acceded the decision of the arbi
trator.
The litigation between Mrs. Sather and '
Vk illlam J. Dlngee began about a year |
at ... when Mrs. Sather severed her rela- \
tlcns with her agent and announced her j
Intention of suing him for money claimed
SHE ATTEMPTED
TO END LIFE BY
INCINERATION
Awful Act of Grace
Herbst.
Oakland Oflic* San Francisco Call
*•■« Broadway. Nov. IT.
Determined to end her misery In an aw
ful death by Incineration Mrs. Grace
H**rb«. residing at *19 Harrison street,
saturated her luxuriant growth of auburn
r.3ir and thf light house wrapper >he
were with coal oil. (shortly after I o'clock
thla morning j and was about to Ignite her
trmti with a burning brand from her
stove* when her hand was suddenly
stayed by the timely interference of Mrs.
A. M. Dukey. As a result Mm. Herbst
wit thl» afternoon taken to the Receiving
HoJ-j'ital. where she was placed in the
insane ward. S?h«* will be examined for
ISfantty to-morrow morning.
Th«- unfortunate woman is the wife of
A. E. H*rtst, a freighter employed near
Strawberry Oretk. Sne Is S» years of agf,
the rr.r.ih'T of two llttlo girls, and her re
cent trouble dates back to the sth lnst..
when fh»- wa* examined for insanity. At
ihat time her mania was in the line cf
spiritualism. Judge Ogden at that time
deferred her commitment to an asylum
on the premise of her husband to take h«r
to Orovllle friends, where she would re
ceive proper care and treatment. Instead,
'.t appear*. Herbst Wt on the tth inst. to
r'-suire his work up the country, allow-
Jr.tr her 110 with which to maintain herself
and children. This money was soon ex
hausted and the mother and children were
ell tut starving, when Mrs. Dukey. resld-
Irq at 13G2 Twelfth street, came to their
relief, and neighbors contributed their
khan*.
During th«» past few days Mrs*. Herbst'e
mind again showed signs of falling, and
Mrs. Dukey k^nt a fairly close watch over
her. Last r.lght the unfortunate woman
d»-c:ir.fd to retire. f< ignlng she would pre
fer to kit by the fireside in the kitchen.
Sh". moreover, demanded the keys, and
was given them. Then Mrs.. Dukey went
to a bedroom to recline for an hour.
Shortly after 2 o'clock Mrs. Dukev went
to th«» kitchen to sr-e about Mrs. Herbst.
Phe found the door had been closed, and
cr^nlr.g it <11srovered. to her horror, that
Mrs. Hrrb«t was in the act of raising a
lighted slick of wood from the stove to
her beid. She promptly snatched the
burning brand from the would-be suicide's
hand and instantly t>he detected the odor
of coal oil and divined Mrs. Herbst's
scheme.
"I am afraid to remain with her any
longer." said Mrs. Dukey In referring to
Mr*. Herbst's sad ca«e. "for she has re
peatedly threatened of late to kKI her two
OAKLAND HEARS HOW
LOS ANGELES DID IT
OAKLAND. Nov. 27.-Ex-Senator Dargie Is anxious that Oakland KhaJl
have a postofflce a? soon as possible, and in order to settle if possl .
bl« the difficulty now existing over the acquiring of a alt* by the
Government, he sent out a few queries to other coast cities where
postofflces have already been built by the Federal Government ask
lr.R for the pricei that were paid. The editor of the Los Angeles Re
cord sent a reply that read like a Joke. He said:
I>OS ANGEL.ES. Nor. 17. 1539.
rtfltor Tribune— The Main-street property-owner* deeded the Poeteffiee site to the
Goverrirner.t for on* dollar. THE RECORD.
Some months ago the Fuggestion was made that the city of Oakland do
nate, a site to the Government, so that all the appropriation could be ex
pended on the building, but this idea waa not favored. It was said that
the amount appropriated. $230,000, was ample to procure both site and build-
In*, and that there was no necessity for the city to assist the Govern
ment- The. news from Lcs Angeles was a big surprise to Oakland, who
were not aware that Uncle Sam cot a site In the southern city so cheaply
Th» Board of Trade is now busy. trylr.*; to find a site that will come
within the fljrure proposed by the Government agent, which Is about 150.000.
So far they have found three pieces of property near this figure. These
properties are located at Fifteenth and Franklin streets and at Seventeenth
«r.«t and New Broadway.
by her upon many Olffen lit real estate
transactions. The first move was made
when Mrs. S.ither brought suit against
Joseph F. Evans for a lot of her accounts
with Dingee. Kvans had been at one time
employed as her attorney, and in that
capacity he hnd been given a lot of her
evidence In the proposed suit. Then Mr
Evans was selected as a special treasury
ag^nt to cv» to Manila ann establish the
I'nited States customs service in that city.
and was rcm^eiied to withdraw from the
proposed suit of Mrs. Sither. In some
mysterious manner the documents upon
which Mrs. Sather bnsed her claim
against Mr. Dingee disappeared, and she
first broueht v suit against Evans to re
cover the papers.
Mr. Evans 1 deposition was taken by Mrs.
Sather's attorneys in San Francisco, and
luring the progress of this legal move the
missing r.»r <i r' 5 w-*»re suddenly found. Then
Mrs. Sather kept her promise of bringing
svi.t against Mr. Dlngee. and an action
for Sli7.(«*!i was begun.
This set the tongues of gossips going
In Oakland, and the possibilities of the
revelations were discussed by those who
wondered at the amount claimed. The
■ult was considered of so much Import
ance that the mere fact that it was con
tinued was deemed sufHclent for a news
paper story.
While the litigation was pending Mr
D'.ng^e made his trio to Europe, and It
was whimpered that he did not desire to
have his deposition taken. Then the suit
..f Mr. Dinsee against Mrs. Sather was
N>pur.. and Mrs. Sather made a trip to
Oregon, and it was even said that she
did not desire to be served with the sum
mons in the new suit.
Hut Mr. Dlngee returned some weeks
aeo in order to settle the loss caused by
the burning of his famous country home
at Piedmont. The attorneys for Mrs .
Sather did not hesitate, and for two
weeks his deposition has been taken in
<h*> offices of Reed & Xu«haumer before
Notary Pi:bi!e Phil M. Walsh.
This deposition wns finished last week,
and then the compromise b«gan. Mrs
Sather has returned from Orejcon and has
not y«>t been served with the papers in
the suit against her for slander, though
she has taken a prominent part In the
work of the Ebell Society In connection
with the library site.
The parties in the litigation have no de
sire to confirm the story and they cannot
deny it. Mrs. Jane K. Sather declined to
he se^n. and A. A. Moore, her attorney
would only «ay that the suit brought by
Mrs. Sather against Mr. Dingee was set
for trial for to-morrow, and would be
continued for one week. He also ...
that Mrs. Sather had not yet been served
with the comnlair.t in the" action brought
R£f l 2ff S'* r b u y - Mr ' Dlß^ ■ slander,
though there had been ampl* opportunity
to so do William J. Dingee declined to
discuss th* matter.
The compromise has so far progressed
that the dismissals of the suits are In the
r-osspssion of the attorneys for the de
fense, to N> filed before the end of the
present week.
children, and also declared she would
throw coal oil over her husband on hl«
return and at a time when she •night
catch him sleeping and evt him on fire At
the fane time she would burn down the
house. The poor woman is laboring un
.r», th t hsllu4^f-'"«<inh s llu 4^f-'"«< i n that sh* is in league
with the devil, and so I concluded to have
-IT* t8k M n !l V haw , by th * authorities!
In an insii
to%?r^ ce o m.r n.' ?he mlght be br ° U * hl back
While being removed from her homo to
the hospital by Officer Curtis. Mrs HerbVt
appeared perfectly rational and not a lit
tle embarrassed over the presence of a
throng of school children at her door She
Is a tall, auburn-haired woman, quite
cr.meiy and shows every trait of a fine
education and good bringing up. Mrs Du
h?id vol «nteered to care for her two
CELEBRATED THEIR
GOLDEN WEDDING
Sat Down to Dinner at the Same Hour
at Which They Were Married
Fifty Years Ago.
ALAMKDA. Nov. CT.-The fiftieth anni
versary of the wedding of I'", and Mrs.
P. B. Morgan was celebrated yestarday
afternoon at the residence of Dr. W <j
Smith of 1220 Chestnut street. Dr. und
Mrs. Morgan, who are now residentr of
Colton. formerly resided In AlamVda,
They were married at Addison, Vi at
6 o'clock. November 2>5. 1*43 Callforni
golden yenr. Allowing for a d"ft>™nr"
of three hours In time the party sat down
<Vcir*k yesterday promptly at 3
The hOUM was beautifully decorated in
golden colors, and the menu card was a
neat affair in the shape of a wedding b.-lh
I»r. and Mrs Morgan have been visiting
in Alameda for several days The doc
tor will return home to Colton next Fri
day. Mrs. Morgan will visit here anil in
Oakland until after the holidays
SUDDEN DEATH OF
SUMNER W. BUGBEE
OAKLAND. Nov. 27.-N.-ws wa« re
ceived In Oakland to-day of the death of
Sumner \V. Bugbee at Lf»s Vegas N M
while on his way to his home in thfs 'city'
The story of his death was a great sur
prise, for while Mr. Bugbee was known t«
be suffering from heart diseaTe 1 T w?£ no?
surpose.l to be serious v waa not
Mr. Bugbee left Oakland about two
SEHSSI ti $sSSg
they have been in Brooklyn. N V They
had decided to return to California and
Wer » x," l *»elr way here when death ov"r
tooß Mr. Bugbee while on the train Vifl
body will be taken to Pasadena whe?e
the relatives of Mrs. Bugbee reside
Sumner W. Bugbee wa.« a retired Vchl
tect and the son of S. C. Bu*bee on . «?
the early builders of this coast He h««
not been actively engaged In business for
some years but has spent his time- In
travel. He leaves only a widow
THE SAN iIJANtISJ) CALL, TUESDAY, NOVE.UJ,!:.; 28, 1 "\
GAS CONTRACT
POSTPONED FOR
ANOTHER WEEK
Vexed Question Stiil
Unsettled.
The differences that have existed re
tween the Supervisors and the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company came
near being .settled at the meeting yes
terday, and the signing of contracts
seemed Imminent, but the pas company
Insisted on having the contract date from
December 1. to run for one year. The
Mayor stated that the charter expressly
provides that the Incoming Supervisors
shall fix the rates to go into effect from
July 1. 1900, and they must meet for that
purpose in February next, and conse
quently the matter of the gas contract
was postponed for another week.
President Crockett of the gas company
addressed the board and said that the
compromise rate of IOVj cents for each g4s«
lamp was accepted by his board of direct
ors, with the understanding that the con
tract was to run one year •••■.■
of s'gnirg. The company would be re
quired to take up 1M nas lamps and erect
seventy-three electric masts, the cost of
which " would amount to *10.<»0, and he
could not sign a contract dating from De
cember 1. UtfOi without permission from
his directors.
The expense of public lighting under the
bids submitted by the pa? company ex
ceeded the appropriation, but the corpora
tion has never admitted the stand tak-n
by Mayor l'helan that the price of gas
lamps "should be 10 cents a night. The
company has all alone demanded 11 cents.
The Mayor's veto of resolutions author
izing the" full payment of the bll - for
waier supply in public buildings, squares.
etc.. for the month of September, satd
bills being in excess of the one-twelfth
act. was sustained. ■•■•-. Black. Hol
land ami Phelps •• ••'. in favor of the res
olutions. On the bills for part of August
Kalben ned the minority, favoring the
resolutions, but the Mayor's veto was sus
tained in this instance also.
The order providing for the holding of
bond elections in December was finally
parsed; also the order regulating the cre
mation of deceased persons.
The Mayor withdrew his veto of resolu
tions authorizing the extra work on the
Bosworth-street tunnel. He stated that
he had investigated the matter and found
that the work, most of which has neon
performed, irai warranted by the existing
circumstances. He presented vetoes of
the order regulating the use of gas grates
and prohibiting the use of gasoline: also
a veto on the resolutions accepting Bu
chanan street, between Filbert and Union,
because the street Is already broken from
a cave in the sewer. The vetoes were re
ferred to the proper committees. The res
olution forbidding the manufacture of
liquefied acetylene and regulating the
making of calcium carbide was. on the
request of protestants. referred to the
FirV Committee for consideration.
The resolution changing the grade at
Twenty-first and Sanchez .... con
form with that established in IS 66 was in
deflnitelv postponed on motion of Super
visor Phelps. Horace G. Plan made a
forcible plea on behalf of the interested
property owners, who. be said, had been
put to a great deal of expense in comply-
Ing with the grade as established in I^-SS.
He contended that it would be a practical
confiscation of the surrounding property
if the grade of 1^66 were re-established.
Supervisor Aigeltlneer objected to the in
definite postponement of the resolution.
but the motion prevailed and seemed to
please a large contingent of ladies present
who own homesteads in the vicinity of the
proposed change of grade.
The resolutions abandoning the use of
ICO hydrants, as recommended by the Gas
and Water Inspector, were adopted.
The Mayor's veto of the resolutions ap
pointing Alfred Fuhrmann special attor
ney for the collection of delinquent per
sonal property taxes was sustained by a
unanimous vote. The Mayor stated that
the new charter provides for the appoint
ment of such an attorney by the Tax Col
lector.
Rateman Brothers were granted another
extension of two weeks from November 2«
on the* Hall of Justice contract. The May
or stated that he was decidedly opposed to
any further extension and that the build
ing should certainly be read" for occu
pancy by the middle of December.
Th*> architects of the Hall of Justice
were Instructed to report an estimate of
the cost of necessary lockers for the
police station in that building and to
make the alteration In the Morgue plans
as su.Tgestd by the Coroner.
Authorization was passed to print giving
$2S«t to Thomas J. Welch for schoolhouse
plans; JSO 1 "") to Martens & Coffey for pre
paring hospital plans, and BNOO In satis
faction of a claim of John H. Sievers for
damages to his property on Van N>s«
avenue caused by change of grade.
The contract for furnishing tile floors
In the hallways of the Hall of Justice was
awarded to \v. W. Montagu* for $.t"«.13.
Supervisor Holland presented resolu
tions declaring the position of Mike
Smith. chief janitor of the City Hall, va
r;int. and appointing Tim O'Neill, former
head janitor. In his place; but considera
tion was (definitely deferred.
The clerk wan directed to advertise for
proposals for furnishing carpets and "cork
carpets" for the Hall of Justice and
Morgue building.
Permits were granted to the National
Athletic lab and Western Boxing Club
for boxing contests In December.
The following resolutions were presented
by Chairman Phe'ps of the Commute* on
Personal Property Assessment and
adopted:
"Whereas. In the schedule filed In the
Superior Court by W. S. I .vie, C. W. Mc-
Afee and George T. Ruddlck. appraisers
of the t-state of Lloyd Tevls. deceased,
there was returned as the property of the
said estate the sum of $127.7*0 as money
on hand, and the sum of $211,179 as solvent
credits, and the sum of $56,300 as corpora
tion bonds, and the sum of J2.005.2>4 as
corporation stocks, over and above the
amount assessed to Lloyd Tevls on his
sworn statement: and
"Whereas. After making all deductions
of property returned by the said Lloyd
Tev!«; the said assessment should be In
creased about $3,003,543; therefore
"Resolved, That the attention of th»
Assessor and City Attorney Is hereby
called to the provision of sections SSSI and
SSSS of the Political Code. In order that
this omission and error may be corrected
In the manner herein provided
Supervisor Bylngton made a motion that
the ordinance forbidding the use of turn
tables that interfered with sidewalks be
taken out of the hands of the Street Com
mittee, which has had It under considera
tion for three months past: but an amend
ment directing the committee to report
on the matter at the next meeting of the
board was carried Instead.
Resolutions were Introduced providing
that the city printing should hereafter be
done only by such union offices as have
the right to use the label of the Allied
Printing Trades Council.
The contract for printing 10.000 copies of
the new charter was awarded to the Star
Press for 1543 90.
The board adjourned to meet one week
from to-morrow. In order to allow the
legal time necessary for advertising the
bond election.
Tb# following petitions were received and
referred to the proper committees:
F. l.*mrr.e. for permission to construct a
manM.nl roof on the northerly end of the brick
i-uti line- at <"•». 411 and 413 Bush Street: M. J
Hyan. for an allowance of 171 over and above
th» contract price for the removal of garbage
♦•tc. from public bulldln* because of the erec
tion of new building*: William M. Hoar, for
permission to construct a story ten feet In
the clear on the third and mansard building
at the ■•■■-' ■' Sutler and L^avenworth
streets, with additional fire escapes on the
gutter street side; property owners, for an In
vestigation of the condition of the easterly half
cf block 80 of the Haley A O'Neill tract!
bounded by Twelfth and Thirteenth avenues
and N a:.l P streets, which *v for many
year* maintained as a corral and Is In a state
conducive to dlseas*: pro|«rtjr owner*. re
questing that a culvrrt be put In at Kentucky
and Twenty-third streets as an outlet for a
Unce pond of stagnant water caused by the
filling In of Kentucky street: Lt»*>rty H<-leh:s
Improvement Club, requesting that the matter
of changing the grades at Twenty-first and
Sanchez streets be laid over until It can he
presented to the Incoming Board of Public
Works: J. J. I><'tvllnc. for permission to us«
powder for blasting on Tllden street, between
Castro street and a point 291 feet westerly:
Madlson & Burke, again calling attention to
the matter of repairing the roof of premises at
■M Howard street: William Sim* A Co.. for
r*nnl!>*lon to alter the front of the corner of
Mason and Greenwich streets and to extend
a show window not more than twelve Inches
on th» sidewalk: Bateman Brothers, for an
extension of thirty days' time within which to
complete their contract for the erection of the
Hall of Justice and Morgue building.
RESOLUTIONS or INTENTION.
Resolutions were adopted declaring- the In
DESTITUTE PLAYER FOLK
BENEFIT BY BIG SHOW
A Long Programme
Is Arranged.
— • —
Talent From Every
City Theater to
Participate,
THE preparations for the benefit
of the charity fund of the Asso
ciated Managers of San Francisco
are almort •■:••• and t .-:••■•
Is every Indication that the affair,
which takes place at the Orpheum on
Thursday afternoon. December 14.
will be one of the most memorable
events in coast theatrical history.
The secretary and business manager
of the Associated Managers, Philip
Hastings, states that many promi
nent organizations have promised to
do all :n their power to forward the
benefit's success and much Interest
Is belne manifested on all Bides. A
special feature will be the souvenir
programme, for which a cover has
been designed by H. Xappenbach,
representing the Angel of Charity.
holding in one hand a laurel wreath
and in the other the torch of Thcs
pis. while from her waist dangle the
grinning face of comedy and tragedy's
grim features.
The amusement committee, on
whose Fhoulders rests the responsi
bility. Is composed of Mark Thall of
the Alcazar. S. H. Frledlander of the
Columbia. John Morr:s*-y of the Or
pheum and Harry Morosco of the
Grand. The association Is the first
and oniy one of Its kind In the West,
and such an organization was greatly
needed when these gentlemen threw
themselves Into the breach to aid
their needy comrades.
It is expected that the entertain
tentlon of the board to change the rrades on
Grove. Fulton. Ashbury and Clayton streets
and Masonic avenue at certain specified points
In accordance with the petition of property
owner*.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and
referred to the street committee:
Property owners, against th« paving of the
crossing of Dolores and Twentieth streets.
ORDERING STREET WORK.
Resolutions were adopted ordering the fol
lowing street work done:
Twelve-Inch fewer with five manhole* and
covers in Charles street alone the rlrht-of-way
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company from
a point on the southerly line of Charles street,
twelve teet easterly from the westerly line of
Arlington. an.i pinning thence northerly and
easterly to a point seven feet westerly from
the westerly rail of said tn»rk and twenty
eight and one-half feet northerly from the
northerly lir.e of Charles street, thence north
erly to the center line of Randall street, also
an eighteen -Inch sewer from center line of
Randall street, seven feet west of the westerly
rail of the railroad northeasterly forty-seven
feet to connect with th« sewer in San Jos*
avenue at th» northerly line of Randal', street;
twelve-Inch sewer In the easterly portion of the
crossing of California street and Twenty-first
avenue; a fourteen-lneh sewer In westerly por- '
tlon. an eight- inch sewer In th» northerly and
southerly portions, culvert*, granite curbs, etc .
on the corners and a manhole with cover In
center of said crossing; f<)urteen-lnch sewer
with manhole and cover In California street,
between Twenty-first and Twenty — Pad ave
nues; bitumen pavement In roadway of the
crossing of Fourteenth. Church and Market
streets; granite curbs on Vincent street, be
tween Green and Union.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
the performance of street work as follows:
California street, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth avenues, to be graded, redwood curbs
laid, roadway and sidewalks thereof to be. ma
cadamized.
Th» Superintendent of Streets also recom
mended that the work of laying sidewalks on
Union street, fixm Mason to Taylor, be passed
to a resolution ordering.
AWARD OF STREKT Work
Resolutions of award of street work were
adopted as follows:
City Street Improvement Company, granite
curbs on Shrader street, between Waller and
Frederick, at &5 cents per lineal foot. . roadway
of same to be paved with bitumen at 57 cents
per square foot.
AUUWIUW STRKFT WORK
Resolutions were passed to print accepting
the following street work.
Twenty-ninth street, between san Jose, ave
nue and Dolore* street, bitumen; same, between
Sanchei and No«. bitumen; Cole street, be
tween Hayes and Fell, bitumen.
MMCKLJJUfBOUfI MATTERS.
A communication wan received from the City
Engineer recommending certain grade* on
Berry street, between Seventh and De Haro.
Communications were received from the In
dependent Electric Light and Power Company
submitting diagrams and descriptions of under
ground work to be done, covering four miles of
streets. :...'•;
The clerk was Instructed to advertise for pro
posals to furnish mat-rials for repairs on pub
lic streeta from December 1. 1533. to December
1. l»uO.
■ The clerk was Instructed to readvertioe for
proposals to construct a fourteen-lnch sewer,
with two manholes and covers, In Fifteenth
street, from Castro to the westerly termination
of Fifteenth street, to connect with the sewer
In Castro street.
The action of the board In awarding the con
tract for paving the crossing of Chestnut and
Leavenworth streets to the City Street Improve
ment Company was reconsidered and th* com
pany released from Its contract.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed to
contract with Fllnn & Treacy to construct a
ten-Inch sewer In the southeasterly, portion of
the crossing of Mission and Spear streets, for
which the city Is liable, at a cost not to exceed
130.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed to
cause the property owners on Henry street, be
tween Panchex and No*, and en the southwest
erly side of Montgomery avenue, between Jack
son and Kearny streets, to lay artificial stone
sidewalks In front of their property; el»o to
cause property owners on the east aide of I
mem will ret the association folly '»'
$3000, is th" managers feel that none '.
should be backward in relieving '•.
fertrp or want among those who hove r,
so •:«■:» helped to dispel dull care *.
from ih- hearts of their fellows, r'o- r,
those v. ho desire bouquets Mr«. Jonn £
MorrUey and a group of assistants. ,*
composed of pretty actresses f rom tne •!
leading theaters, will have for Bale I
nosegays of every hue and variety. '*
The officers of the association, who <;
will, of course, take an active part *'
In th" afternoon's proceedings, re as C
follow*: Morris Meyer feld. president; '•'
J. J. Gottlob, vice president: .~I«i- ■:
Villa Marx, secretary; W. H. Leahy. •'
treasurer. The desire of the amuw- h
ment committee Is to give the >••■-> *
best and biggest programme ever wit- ;<
nessed on the coast, or. Indeed, on C
any othei coast, and to bring about •:
the d'-siu-d result no pains will be •
spared. The curtain will rise on the £
monster show promptly at l o'clock £
»i. from the boll which announces its a
ascent to the last rotes of "The Star- <;
spangled Banner" at 5:30 p. m. tl.tre ♦'
will be a continuous succession of £
vaudeville acts, plays, operas, grand ♦!
and comic, and an act of Powers' |
new play. "Mother Earth." The or- £
chestra is to be B special feature. The »'
musicians of the Grand Opera-house <
and those of the Orpheum will unite .
in their important work. C
Th* Tivoli will present an operatic J
surprise, the Georgia minstrels will v
look i: from the Alhamhra. Maior <
Mite from the Chutes will give the *
Orpheum patrons a chance of com- <
paring his Cornille Imitation wltn the •
genuine article, the songstresses of '■
the Olympln will warble their sweet- •.
e.«t. ?red Ward's tragMlans will JC t 1
their most tragical play, the clever I
fingers of the Grand Opera-house will ♦
present an act of "His Majesty.'" and '•
the Frawleys will come over from the *.
California to help things along. The r.
sale of seats will commence on the t-
Monday preceding the performance. ?
December 11. ♦
The lower part of the house will ht, >
tl. the balcony 50 cents and 25 cents •
and boxes II 50. £
i
ray v street between Jackson and Pacific
where buildings encroach on the sidewalks to
remove surh chstructlons; also to make nece
jao- repairs to the roadway and g^tte^Tcn
Fifth street between C| ay and Harrison
The f-ui^rlnten.innT of Streets was directed tn
Ki.de
A resolution was pass»d to print r»n»«ii n «. .t.
SSHBWW2
REPUBLICANS TO PLAY
THE POPULISTS TO-NIGHT
The Indoor Baseball Players of
the Olympic Club Are on
Their Mettle.
Interest In Indoor baseball Is on the In
crease. The close of the B e a? on of out
door me. has led to this an.! the in
door enthusiasts, are happy thereat? v
the Olympic Club the four team, that are
tie c Sb i ° . the Prlvll^° of reprt^ntlM
the club In the tournament which opens In
January are practicing hard, and the b «
spheroid Is being handled by the nlavers
with as much exp.rtness J they '?,"
regulation bail USed la outdoor *»»«*
The players have trimmed their lamps
and are now able to bat with remarkable
skill and force. So much so that the di
rector* of the club have added further
protection to the windows an.l chandelier,
in the big gymnasium. To-niehts
between the Republicans and P opu ii^
will undoubtedly be highly exVltlne
There Is a *reat deal of rivalry between
the two teams and the life of the man
who umpires the same Is mad* mi"erah!o
The teams will line up as follows-
Republicans- A . l\\ Follansbee 'jr.. C
B. Derham. R. B. Bowman. F. Butr V a
Hewson. W. S. Taylor. J. \V Coffroth! T*
Meherln, E. M. Connelly, J. Johnson. 'w
Bush.
Populists— W. J. Leonard. W. fartrirht
G. Fnllansbee. A. Valdesplmo. L. Ehrman'
W. Hanrahan. A. Taylor. D. Carroll v
Duran. P. Wand. H. Cobb. *
Riley in Custody.
Edward Rlley, who. it Is claimed, went
South In an endeavor to escape the humil
iation of being called as a witness ;igair.«t
Police Clerk Kelly, charged with crimin
ally assisting in the consummation of
"straw-bond" frauds, was before Judge
Lawlor yesterday. Rlley said that he was
anxious to testify against the accused:
that he was not aware that his presence
was wanted and that he left the city on
urgent business. Judge Lawlor. however,
ordered him Into the custody of the Sher
iff and fixed his bonds at $s<iO to insure
his appearance against Kelly.
« ♦ »
One Day's Tax Collections.
Tax Collector Sheehan made the largest
deposit over made In one day with Treas
urer Truman yesterday. Exactly $1r0i4.-827l r oi4.
827 02 was collected from taxpayers and
turned Into the city treasury. I>epiry
Treasurer Perkins and his assistants
heaved plghs of relief when they turned
the combinations on the doors at 7 o'clock
last evening, after the busi»\»t day in the
history of their official careers.
■♦ • -
Counterfeiter Long Convicted.
O. M. Long, counterfeiter, was convicted
by a Jury In the I'nitrd States Diatri-.t
Court yesterday of having passed a rjuati
tlty of counterfeit 15 nieces upon various
saloon-keepers and other gullible persons
In this rity. He will be sont^ncecj on
\Vodnesday. This will entitle him to nia
Thanksgiving turkey In lall.
VAUDEVILLE WAS
LUCKY WHEN IT
WON D`ARVILLE
Bloody Battle at the
Columbia.
— — —
Camllle D'Arvlllr. over at the Orphcum.
*»>> that «he will remain on th« vaude
ville stage only so lonic as comic opera
managers cannot Bford her. Then
heaven send that those managers Bit ever
thirteen at table and may their days be
all Fridays. This is a hlnful and selfish
wish, but no more pelflsh than those Minio
men would be if they could have Miss
D'Arvllle, _ Il4»r remalr.inK in VUdevHla
la our only hope of hearing her again for
goodness knows how long.
■he i- a delicious creature. Health of
mind and of body and of voice are hers,
and the health is as contagious a* ever
was the wickedest of chlckenpoxe*. She
ls as sane as a steady, sunny September
day that Ii worth living for living's ?ak»-.
From the flickering tip of her white
aigrette down to h»r good firm step theru
is nothing but harmony. If sh<* had tho
voice of a steamboat It would be impos
sible to fe*>l anything but apologetic fur
her. Her own humor and good hum^r
would be enough to defy sarcasm. But
after she has walked forward as briskly
and unconsciously as a man would turn
out to breakfast she pour* forth beauti
ful big .sounds that feel like sealskin.
But the real motive of your going to
the Orpheum Is Camilla D'ArvHle. And
If. having gone once, you should g<> again
nobody dare c.i you foolish.
Sarah comstock.
California.
"The Sporting Duchess" at th*» Califor
nia Theater Is doing herself proud by the
way she tills the house and the applause
she calls forth by the excellence of her
noting. Last night there was not a seat
to be had for love or money after the
curtain rung up on the first act. and from
then to the finish there was a continual
stream of ptople dropping in. well con
tent to stand In the allies and at th«»
back of the house, or. In fact, any old
place where they could get a glimpse of
the horse race, which is about as realis
tic a bit of work as has ever been prt-
Bented to our local theatergoers.
"The Spirting Du<-h»«s<' will run but
one wtfk. after which the Frawley Com
{■any will put on "An Enemy to th-
King." This latter play is one of the best
in The t-ntlre Frawley repertoire and
should make a hit with th«>s»- who know
a good thing wh*n they see it.
Columbia.
There have been many productions of
Bronson Howard's "Shenandoah." but
never so dramatic and complete a one as
that presented to the San hrancisco pub
lic at the Columbia last night. The stir
ring scenes ot battle were portrayed with
a realism that was heard five blocks
away, and the powder smoke was so
thick that It drew tears from the eyes of
the hardest hearted. But it was not all
smoke. There was artistic effect and
dramatic action In the play. Infantry
men firing upon the enemy with breech
loading Springfield rifles and cavalrymen
mounted on fine horses dashed across the
stage, riders after being shot falling out
of the Baddle headlong to the floor with
splendid dramatic effect, were the thrill
ing realisms of the third act. And when
the Union men were sore pressed and
forced back inch by inch and Phil Sheri
dan on his black charger galloped across
the sta-;e with Old Glory waving behind
him. the house stood upon its feet and
gave him cheer aft-r ch»er.
"Shenandoah" will remain with us for
two weeks, and It ls safe to predict hat it
will be greeted by overflowing house* dur
ing the whole period, as it was last night.
Tivoli.
There in still some charm left In "Thf
Hoolah." which received its revival at the
Tlvoli last evening. The catchy melodic,
pretty dane**s and funny situation-? hold
the interest of the audience. TIM event
at the Tlvoli last evening was the first
appearance of Eloise Mortimer, th? new
soubrette. She ls ■ vocalist of consider- !
able talent. Her voice la strong and pen*-- j
tratlng and her taste of execution nnrk.t
her thorough experience. She If a m .-:
desirable acquisition to the Tivoli cast,
and will no doubt make many Wends era
this season Is over.
Ada Palmer Walker did some of her best
work as Namouna and Tom Greene jrinsj
the role of Prince Tarbld with that
smoothness which 1- a second nature to
an experienced professional singer. Hut
after having heard Ferris Hartman In th«
part of the Hoolah Phil Branson ij. In
deed, a sad spectacle. Let in pa« this
over. Another misfit in this cast Is Arthur
Messmer. whose facial contortions are ex
cruciatingly painful and whose oocuslonul
warbles can only be fitfully compared
with the yelping of seals. There are so
many better voices In the Tlvoli chorus
that It is not necessary to give Me?smcr a
prominent part. He may have sen J>ctter
day?, but that i<» quite a little wh'lo ajtO.
This evening will be another gala night
with "The Marked Ball." This great work
Is without doubt the triumph of the pres
ent grand opera season. Both H.iius -;i
and Avedano have an excellent opportu
nity to be at their very best and the en
thusiasm of the audience will know n»>
bounds. The house is almost sold out
for tne balance of the week, as this forms
the farewell performances of the two
great operatic stars.
ALFRED METZGEH.
Grand Opera-House.
The second week of the extravaganza.
"Evangellne." opened auspiciously at the
Grand Opera-house last night. There was
a good sized audience, who showed by lib
eral applause their appreciation of the ef
forts or Edith Mason. Hattl«» Belle Ladd.
Wlnfred Ooff. William Wolff. Arthur
Wooley. Georgle Cooper and the other fa
vorites to please. Most of the solos were
encored and the evolutions of the chorus
girls in the final scene were loudly
che»red. A pleasing Incident last night
was the reappearance, of Thomas H.
Persse. who met with * warm reception
and delighted every one by singing in his
inimitable style "Kathleen Mavoumeen,"
Alcazar.
"Saints and Sinners" drew a fairly good
house to the Alcazar last night. The play
is well presented and the actors are fairly
Electricity for Brain.
A European scientist claims to have discov
ered an apparatus which will stimulate the
brain. It has b*en tried on schoolboys, and
consists of an electric band. While scientists
have been busy Inventing unnitural ways of
making the brain work Hovtetter's Stomach
Bttters has for fifty years been dolna; It natur
ally. It cures dyspepotft and all stomach
troubles and hulM. up and Invigorates the en
tire system. There Is nothing "Junt as good."
I ReechanVs Pills |
C CURE SICK HEADACHE \
j i ; mod act like magic on a weak
, ■':■ stomach and disordered liver. J
>. 10 cents and £1 cent*, at all drug stores. 1
COKE! COKE!
P. a. DON A LX).
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coka.
OFFICE IU FOLSOM ST.
DR. CROSSMAIN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA.
Gleets, Strictures and analogous com-
r'-*-:U of the Organs of C-neratlon.
Price fl a bottle. For sale by druggist*.
Wriiirs Man Veietatile Pills
ARK ACKNOWLEDGED lI V THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
years to euro SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver? Weak B torn-
ax h. PusDlea and pur: , th« blood.
cast, .but there are six act* and each or*»
could be Improved by pruning. A* Jacr.r*
Fletcher, the aged minister of Bethel
chapel. Eugene Ormonde !* not nt n.*
boat. He dor.<* not take on the ■emblarv--*
of old age In a realistic manner and nla
grief over the disappearance of hi* cau«n
ler la not naturah
Steeplechase.
Children's week, at the Steeplechase :•
fairly started and after spending a day
of rood solid fun the youngsters are un
willing to leave the merry t»lace. Th<*
aerial trolley carries on* after another
hwiftly down the lone Incline and th*
huge dogs and lion* of the carrouse! ai
wnya have on their backs a taustdnc
crowd. _^______
The Chutes.
Major Mite, the lllllputian comedian,
donned a red wi* and abbreviated skirt
and boldly launched out as a female Im
personator at the Chutes theater la»t
night. He mad#* a perfect miniature «'f
Cornllle. the French ehanteuie. anJ hi*
"When You Have No Money. Well. Yi'»
Needn't Come Around" won four encorva.
Olympia.
The till at the Olympta for this Wall I*
good. Cad WH?on 1* still th*« chl< # at
traction, but Hastings and Hall, who h.<iv»
also had a sncce.^fttl j"-a^r T ft jn the Klon
dike, are big favorite.". The re»t of the bi.l
is ifood.
■ ♦ ■
Modern books, however rapidly they de
teriorate from other causes, are protected
from bookworms by the chemicals used
In p.np'T-maklng.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
JtatUtively cored by tbeso
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress fm:n Dyspepsia*
Indigestion and Toe Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the BowtU. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
. 8«Yia!l Price.
♦ O*O«OJOiO:OiC!O»3-O • C » C*O»-
| VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! |
o £37 A N.tcnl Miaeral Water *
* g« ■th medicinal qualitle*. o
o /jaft For lodigistioa and °
* 47^l\ Ston»ca Diio:^- o
I Jp|is So * CGlled VICHY •
♦ jWBB IN SIPHONS %
|(^^il!!!J VICHY;
o ■'£2? ' Get tho Gen ° o
♦ -■- J .»~. J i,ji ♦
I Hssaa
; A. VICNIER. Distributing Aeronto
♦ o*o*o#o*o#o*o » a to*o»o#o*o*
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. H*ndsorat!r
Illustrated by thirty-two cf the World*
Grrateat Artlfta.
GIVEN FREE
to each [«r»- n lnt're»te<l In *üb»crlb!r.«
to th. Eusen* Field Monument i»<iuv«nlr
Fund. Subscribe any amount de«tr»d
Eubacriptlons mm low at II will entitle
donor to this daintily arttstte votaaw
"FIELD FLOWERS"
fctoth bound, «»ll). as a certificate ef snb-
tcrlption to fund. Bock contains a .•!•«-
tton of Field's best and moat representa-
tive works and Is readr for delivery.
Put for th» noble contribution of th*
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for lesa than 17
The Fund created In divided equally be-
tween th» faintly of th* lute Eugene Field
and the Fund for th* building of a monu-
ment in •>-.".• of the beloved po«t
cf ehlli»h«v>d. ***•»«•
ECGE.NE FIELD MO>CXEST BOUTS .I IK FUWO
180 Monroe St., ChUuio.
tAl*o at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to *en<l postage, enclose
I 5" rent*.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. la inserted as
our Contribution.
MADE ME A MAN
■ orr. Si««D.>«<in*M. Me., d by
A I L y*r*-o** IHaratt* ■ F»liaa Jl'3-
orr. mem!i«anma. eti-., ca-i»«-l by ortr
V ,ri work and Inliacrvtioaa. Thru q* tck.lv
\ J?M and turti-t rwxor* Viuhty la old
\ "T/ or foaac. ..a i D*. a man tor atady. brui-
oeaa or plaucara. Pr<i>aot luuitiMi
T^JB> Consumption If UJun in tie*. Ta«ir
o«*fhowa lmmediate ini;iri— um aad «»irtiCtlnß
WB*r. all others full, lmut iron haviajtb«»»nain«
Ajajc Tablets. They ha*« cur~i thou-«ad« mi t will
carayoa. W« gir« a po« .:•?- «r:tua traaraatavto af-
acara ia each c*« or refund the Man. Pries
9UGIS. ot«nt|fori3.aObymail.iapUin
■pan receipt ef pricn. Ctrcalarsfrs*.
AJAX PF""»v m. 70t>earhcrnat.
; For sal* in B. T. by Letpnlts *Co . So P»r-
c«nta«a Drug Co.. Owl Drue Co.. B. T.. Oakl d.
■If 111 I 111 I I <!'»'■»«« cur. 1 or no
U U UL .' No d«t«Mlo.
nlir I I Inr tTOta buameaa DRd.
lit 111! MANSFIELD ft FOR-
IIUI I UIIL TERFIELD. «i Mar-
I ket at.. San Francisco.
*J^ -_ Elj Jrij D 3
Xt sm -Btl—f^'" K3 H pU^^ Jk
♦ • • •»»•♦■»■ >> « ><> »«« aw
1 Transcentl'<»ntAl tourln» and trm»- I
clcra from all over United lute* I
elera fruro all uvtr tbe Cmtwl Siata*
anow their «ppre«laUoa of ta« aaaai '
Uac* of tae *
: PALACE ako ♦
GRAND
by roatlnt the«e betels their ■— iiqaar- '
ten while in San Franct»co- Toon*** I
< hundred rooms. >o with baths— largest |
i ar. 1 neat In the world. |
JOHN C KIRKPATRICK. Manager.
♦ ••»■■■■••■ ♦••*••« »•■•■■•» —
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1» A CIIE.4'. HI^iTUItATIVC. KiVIUOHA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodtstao and 8p«clal
Tonic for the £e&ual Organs of both ma*.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tn« KU.
b»j - and it. ■ :J«r. Sells on Its own Merita.
NABER. ALFB A BHLNK. Agents.
i S3 Market street. 8. F.— iSeod for Circ^lu.i
1112
RAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TIUSINKPS OFFI'i: cf t?:e ■l -i Francisco
Call csrnrr of Mar»:et an! Th!r.l strrete, open
until 12 o'clock tvmrf night la tl-.e year.
HItANCH OFFICES— :27 Montgomery street,
rcrnrr Clay; apta until »:::o p. n.
CM Hayei street; open OStU ?:30 p. m.
tt» McAllister stre»t; open until 9:33 p. m,
€15 UlMa sireet; oi*n urtil >:C0 p. m.
IMI WwtUm tfreet; cj>cn until 10 p. m.
r;«l Market ttrevt, corner Sixteenth; open
eati] > p. m.
X;* Eleventh street; open until 5 p. in.
11(3 Vairncla street; -..:'.: p. m.
j:3 I'nik *treet; oj>tn until 9 p. m.
Northwo»-t oft-ncr o< Twenty-ueccnd and Ken-
tucky rirrrta; r-pen ur.til ? p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6. R. A. M.. -
will men THIS (TUESDAY) EVKN--eV_
iNO. November ». at 7 :Z» o'clock. R-/LJ\
A. degree. I>> order of the 11. P. '■<••'*
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL I— dre No. 23, F. and A. •
M . will m«et THIS DAY al I p. m. to -jV.
Mttfnil the funeral of our deceased /CJJf
brother. WILLIAM KJUiTHKKO /V x
PUCK <our former Tyler). Matter Mason
Invited. By crd< r of th<« W. M.
WAI.TKK G. ANDKIUiON. Secretary.
OOLDKN O\Ti: L-lpr No. T.\ F. aad m
A. \l.-Meetiic THIS tTKKSDAY) _j\_
EVENING at 7 o'clock. Dt-trve 1. TjLX
GEOKcJE J. HOBE. tjacretary. «V'
PAOFIC Lvalcb No. i;«. F. ci.d A. M., a
U:i i:Jdy »t.. mreti THIS EVENING Jk.
al ":»< ucJ>»ck. Third Orgr»>*
GIIORGW PEMJNGTON. Sea r%r\
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A- A
M .-TUrd degrw THIS (TUESDAY) .^.i
EVENING at 7:23 o'clock. >4v2\
A. 8. HUB BARD. Secretary. r^r
UNITT racampm.nt No. 28. I. O. O. F. *v^
— P*lf.arcn;U o«cr«e TO-NIGHT. /\
C. F. BRALKY. C. P. / \
TERBA UUENA Lodge No. 11. I. jrfT©<>Z~
• i O F ••?:..•• ri and brt<)irr»
will as^tsMo ::; .lem»iiaj IUU. V"5-Gs>?^*
a: 1 o'clo-k TO-DAY (IVE.SDAY).
to attend Uie funeral uf Brother JOHN
__GRoySE. CHAS. WILfiON. N. G.
6T. AM'RKWB Society— 6l. An- . Cr~>*
drew's ii.-r will be celebrated by Jk, QJJ
a barnjurt at the Palace Hotel. itVit/
FRIDAY EVENING. Ijocember 1,
Vtt>; ticket* ji tjr^jble); $3 (single); from
iIH. REiD. 907 Market at.
JAKES S. WEBSTER. PrealdenL
A. R. I'ATTKKS. i.N. iw-i-rftary.
n.ASTERKRS:
TJ>erv -*j!I be a meeting of mil the contract-
lug riarterera of San Fraix.li.eo held at 40
New Montgomery «t. TUHSDAY EVENING.
Novrniber ZK ISSS. at S o'clock. Busln**** o f
vital Importance will come before this body,
wblcn will erfeot your lntareeta • v a contrac-
tor of plastering, 11ea»e attend. By order
_ of THE COMMITTEE.
ANNTAL Meeting — Reipjlar ■ - ...••: rof
tsie ►•■ ■ v '■ ;:.rs of the Paauhau Sugar 1 Tan-
tatlon Coir.jiany will b« held at the ofllcs
cf tbe company. 527 Market «.. In the city
ard county of Saa Francisco, en SATUR-
DAY. tb» 2.1 day of • :n!-r. ISS3. at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of Jim-tors to serve for the
erwalrg year and th* transaction of such
t!her busln^es as rr.ay come before the meet-
ing. Transfer boults will close on Wednes-
day. November Z2. IH»9. at 3 o'clock p. m
F. 11. SHELr>QN. Secretary.
ATTOKMCVS AT I.AW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KINO, «lxth~floor. Chron-
. ;- I i:',.:v, no advance charges; all cjjm?s;
estati-a. Ri»nrnges. damages, oollecUons,
tiar.k'.rtiptcy, xrtKa. etc.. drawn; moderate
:r*s; call <>r write.
AI»VICE fr»-e; divorce law a sptK-lalty; private;
no See wit brut success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SlO Market, cor. Ktocktn.
F. H. MERZnACH. attorney-at-law. has re-
— m I practice at Mi Cal. si Clunle v *«
SCOAB 1" FIOOD, Mi Market »t . opp. Ma»on;
consultation free; moderate fee*.
L P. CLARK, Itmma Spreckels building. n'
Market; c.msu!tatlon free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE fre»: no charge unless successful. W.
W PAVIDPOX. k: Market st.. orr. Ma«-n.
BUYCI.L REPAIRS.
TUOB. H. D. VARNEY. Market and T«ath.
RAMRLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
RKPAIHING A SPECIALTY.
UOAIID AXD ROOMS.
EDdV. X2^A r nTteT*slaX»s^Ho^en'^ooms » 50
week cp. wl'.h board 1.. 60; fulte for two wita
beard. Sl2; board. 14 week; meals. lie; tie-
WOT runs alt night.
•'UELGRAVIA nOTEL," Polk and Oay— Sun-
ny ij.i.t. best bciard; f'-r 2. M; up; singe, 120.
I.AS PALMAS. :^i> Market— Suit* of I or I
nns.: private; bath; »ln. rrna. ; board optional.
X/WOWORTH. CS2 G^an'-Largf suite*, bath,
f.-r S or 4; also excellent table board,
NEW family hotel: first-class In all appotnt-
rrn-nts; excellent table. FO7 California ft.. 00-
cupyir.g cirn^r tppo«ite Orace Church.
Q'FARRELL. 7C— l«arg« sunny front rooms;
;• "-1 home <■ -.»:i«r: also single rooms. 523 up.
FPECIaL r.ffer to teachers: new and select. 807
California *t.
6UNNY suite of r«v)ras In private. boanVnr
hou*.-; c.r.trnl; board anfl »ervJce unexeell«r<J:
r.f.rencer. ft.x »S. Call.
fion.ooo T«) Joan on i!larnon<ls. matches, silver. se:#-'|
>V!r;«. t'lur.os. runs Uncle Tiarrls. v Grant tv.
BO \MUl\i. FOIt « HI LURE I .
has a r.lce home, wants a small chlM
to tKard: good h"me; bert care. SCS Fell st.
CHILDREN to board with mother* ■ care, $2 i
;-r week. H?2 n«rce st.
— ——^■^— — — — — — - — — —^ — — . —^_
nOAIll) AXD ROOMS WASTED.
WAKTED^-i r-an»-teJ rooms with boarJ for
couple, child; reasonable; central. Box 12*6.
ra.ll.
BOOKS — M M AXD OLD.
SCHOOL HOOKS boisrht and^excliiiniredT
___''__• rr n ._ Tf4 Mission n.. near Third.
UO(»TS AN II *IIOKS.
OIILDREN'S laoa shoe«, TJc. 85c. «; school
Bhoca, TiCi ladles' eho«'s, II; boys' shawm. *sc;
tn«n's *hoes. $1 2.*,; men's embrolderM sllp- !
_ pern. Csc. pw.plg* Ph.* tftore. ISO 3 Ftockton.
BOOTS and sho«-s made to order '• m Ist -class
triat^rlal. SC to $»>; repairing cheap. I. SAL-
NINEN. ..■•-. formerly with McNulty.
MM.SO "cil AX CISS.
A— FURNITURE •!e«lrrs attenttcM . . ... ..'.."
We ..flrr for sale tn-dny, furniture store; fin*
location: to be sold at auction price*. BTEN-
__BERG CO.. 2CV» Kearny I*.
170*- STATIONERY. «chool supplies, notion* ;
• mi! !!»!.i-rt i'O years; Western Addition; near
4 school*; receipts J5OO a month: full ■iv' in
»!»k STENIiERG CO.. 2CV» Kearny st.
A-jr-V); RESTAURANT; •!. flnert possible:
bm4 paylnic nrrth of Market; in«a!» *0c; es-
tabllkhed for years: svletidld rhanre for 'man
and »lle. fITEXBERO £0., MS Kearny n.
II7i— SALOON, bet. Market, Kearny. Pine and
M'K-kton. If sold to-vJa.y. ALFA <«0.. SCi MVt_
6TnWARI> wanted to manage first-class res-
taurant: small capital. ALFA CO.. >:.'■ Mkt.
lIQTF.L to exchange, sell or lease; cheap; 20
fXltiilelied rooms. ALFA CO.. 935 Market st.
ALFA CO. WIH exchange, buy or sell your
business or property quick. 93S Market sl 1
TO lease— Jf-mail chlcJu-n ranch; complete; best
_of terms. ALFA CO.. sjs Market st.
<3ROCERY and bar: fine location; llvlnir rooms;
ch<«ap rent; bargain. Cowing & Co., VA Mkt.
|300— «AIX>ON : line location, with rooms; a
•n»4 COWING A CO.. MS Market at.
GROCERY and bar: fine loratlon; $T7S. with
rooms; bargain. COWING A CO.. »3S Market.
f I<X» — FRUIT and grocery store; good location;
liv. rmi.; rent $12. McLaughlin. 777H Market.
1300— FlRfT-CLAFS flower store; best location
city; central; mo. sole |«C>o. Raslle, 3 Eddy.
ACTIVE man ti> take rr-Mrtng partner's place;
small capital; office buKlners; no t.lght or
Sunday work; .xperience unnecessary. 533
Market tx... room A.
LIVELY man. Investing :400 to J2iM. will r"a!-
Ize C.<o T*r cent pn<f.t; quirk returns; big de-
mand. I! ■» 12*7. Call office.
CHEAP— Dairy w* delicacy lore; rood trade;
living room; cheap rent. Inquire lioj Folium.
FIRPT-CLASS grocery and bar for sale; no
axent. North corner Fulton and Frar.. sta.
♦Vk— FRUIT, vegetables and produce; principal
Ftrc-M; Al trade; 2 living rooras. Box I£M. call.
<X»UNTRY -■.•■■■ Inquire MIL
UI^PMER. C 3 Clay at.
CIGAR stard to let. with stock and fixtures;
with electric lights outside and gas inside:
light up to Up. m.; rent fK per month. 120S
Market ft.
CIOAR store and fixtures with Call agency for
saJe- reasonable; good location; rent cheap.
Box 1574. Baltnaa. Cal.
IWA-FIRST-CLAFS flower store: best location
city: central: mo. sale I**" 1 Batlle. I Eddy.
ACTIVE man to take retiring partners place;
fitnall capital; office bu»lne»s: no night or
F«inday work; experience unnecessary. $35
Market «t . room A.
K»-ron Mle-Confectlonery and lc« cream
i.arlors; r.ew improvements: a n ; «»»
lilKuDt st. U. JACKSON, proprlttor.
lirsiNESS CHANCES— Continued.
PHYSICIANS, attention— Paying practice and
drug store, suburbs San Frnnclsco, for sale
at a sacrifice, owing to departure East; full-
est investigation.
flBo'>— French llvjuor snloon for rale; average
recoii-ts 120 |*r day; chance seldom offered.
Cath custeni«-r In our office for a good ,
bonrdlng-hoUFe. oentnUly located. _ fc
Full particulars from J. E. .-I.INKEY £
CO.. 573 Market St.. t:--sr Fifth.
LAi:NI-RY route: paying $20 week: a bargain
If sold by Ist. Box 14t>0. Call : flee.
FOR rale — Good fruit Stand; 3 living rooms;
cheep. Apply 130 Eighth st.
SALOON and rvstaurant for sale. 724 Front
stra ■
WANTED — Partner In printing business; a
i gi^«J i>i'2>ort unity. 544 McAllister st.
To let— Batter and — . or creamery stall. In
«;rntid Wt-stern Market, cor Polk and Austin
•ta. Inquire at stalls 1 and 2, 1312 Polk st.
BUTTER and e>;c. or creamery stall, in Grand
Wenern Market. Inquire at stall 1. 1312 Polk.
FOR sale— SaU>on; wholesale district: retiring
from business. Address box 131$. Call otflce.
SALOON for sale; best bargain In town if Bold
at once. 411 P.»h st. t
WANTED— Bakery with gool store trad*: city
or country. ArtdreM C. .MOT7.ER, Klmhurft
P. «>.. AlatTifria County. Cal.
}>>>R sal*, .-heap: cne-half iJiterest In 2 Al good
paying butch-r shop*, or the whole of either
one. Address \\\. ~C3 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
r yean ago; b me. wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell st.
PRIVATE house; 1J rooms: 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Boi :«" Oil offlce.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\V. ASV.KI.I. * CO.'S. 41? Sacramento st.
"A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»ulu>cr!r.Mons has been established at the
n. rt!.»-»t corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Xt». Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlc* for Call advertisements and
Mbaorlpttona has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia »t.
CARRIAGB9 AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new. buslceas buggy.
new; r.uMT.f sb wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. 828 Harrison at.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, cart*, harness.
etc.. cheaD. KG AN a SON. 2117 Ml'sion st.
1100 SETS second-hand harness. wacons. carts.
buggies, surrey* and hordes. 1140 Fol^mn >t.
i ftjtm m:\Ti\<. ami CUBAjriKO.
WHEN you become d!*»ru*ted with poor work
wnd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beaiins Works. KS-SS7 Tehamw ft.; tel a. 40.
SANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and square
dealing. 342 McAllister sL; tel South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-beatlnc Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mr 3»-40 Bth «t.; tel. South 2^o.
< J. MeQUEEN'S CaJtfornia Carpet Cleaning Co..
4u3 Stevenson St.: tel South 225: lowest rates.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
i tel. Main 334. CEO. WAIiCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Se per yard, laid at tc.
PTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co . 24» 14th
rt.: cleaning. Sc Per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlrg Works. 333 Golden
r,m» «v>. : tel. l.T«r l?fi.
ctnAxixcT COMJHHJKDS.
tfflCA^cTeanlng and Toilet Compounds and
Compound I'aste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison o*lc SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear -'■
"claTrvoyants and spiritualism.
MRS. DR. CLARIC
I the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted en all affairs of life. While entranced
fhe reveal* every hidden mystery: she will
thow ycu how to overcome your enemies; re-
rcove family troubles; restore lost affection*;
unite the separated . recovers lost or stolen
froperty: locates minerals; tells your entire
life while In a perfect trance; ■ 'action
guarar.:-— -1 hy mall; sand ntamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
lOC Turk st., near Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
REMOVED^MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Mar-
k»'t rt.. cor. Turk: medium, life reader, med-
ical clairvoyant; fittings dally; diagnosis free;
"new meth-vl" treatment for chronic, private,
cbscur* dtseapes; gt-nd stamp for circular.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ter*. S Hayes St.. rocm 7. second floor.
' Gives les*m9 lnNnpoleon rarils: also
'i- rata from the b<x>k of g> r p»t^»: prlcaa rea-
■ rk Kuaranteed. 246 Fourth st.
MME. LF.NEMAR; fortune by • !an«-t«; pre-
dicted I«T4 rescue passenger* and gold. At 225
Mann St.. corner O'Farroll.
SISTER JULlA— Benefit and raffle to-night, j
hall. W> Market: John Slater. Mrs. Griffin and
Mrs. Heussmann: admission 10c.
MME. MOREAU. the beet medium and card
rvajer; 2.'* up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
»; MCALLISTER, test to-night, future by spirit
power. 10c; Wed. at 2. Mrs. Meyer and others.
MRS. DU TREE, card reading; question* an-
swered by mall; advice given. 2S 7th. room 9.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAl!i5t-r St., r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS HARLAND. trance teat medium: clrcl«
to-night: 10c: life readings 11. 34 Sixth st.
MIIH. YOUNG'S convincing t«-st circle to-
n'.ght. 005 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. i '■ Leavejiworth st.
EIXTH, mm — Napolaoa card reader and sympa-
thy healer: first floor, room 1.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2T«; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. FHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
1 sittings daily. 212H Sixth rt.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewrlter.
830 EIMs st.; circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MME 7.EREDA— Gypsy life reader: aatlsfa'c-
tlon guaranteed: correct answers; Kir. L 7th st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names glTen: 2Sc up. I Fourth St.
DR. EDWATD FISCHER, professional hypno-
tist; diseases cured without medicine. 142 «th.
YOUR future told by carts. ISc 102^4 Sixth St.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. FYHILLE— CradIe to rrave: future hus-
b«in<l's picture. ?>: lnflje«. '■!< O'Fnrrell st.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical Collecc. ICI Folsom:
••-■ meiilol and «urp. treatment: ♦ to It m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLT'S Agency: charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
cotta To LBT.
COTI I of « rooms and bath at 3103 Clay,
between Baker and Lyon; lately renovated.
FIVE sunny rooms: chicken house, barn; cheap
:.2l Thirtieth ft., near Noe.
NICE cottage 4 rooms; yard; respectable local
tion. 1705 Turk st , near Scott.
lift— BAY-WINDOW cottage: 4 rooms; water
free. 107 Collins st.. near Geary.
COTTAGES WANTED]
IN a nl<*e location; cottage of r, rooms in Oak-
hind with a vl»-w to buying. Box 12C«. Call.
DENTISTS.
A-DB 1 - : <•:• ..- lental parfora m
Market pt . .vrr < afe Zinkajtd T-rtta extracte-
d without pain by the use of ele.trlclty gas
or el • siao by 1 <- u j anae.thetlcs ap-
to the nums. the best and n.o»t artistic
dental work at reasonable pr».«». pure gola
fllltnrs from fl up; other nillngs fnjm 60c-
deoay»d t^th carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain, plates that fit
from 14 Mi up; flesh outored platen from B 50
ti|.; teeth uithont pl.ttt-a a apeclalty; open
<-\enlngs and Sundays.
A NKW an»»tnetlc for painless demistry-
on application to the gums, remr/ve»
- — .v: Bet • d if«; thinner
ar.d stronger than rubber; warranted for 2»
>earF. T.>wn and bridge work, teeth wlth-
■ flliii.Kv Me; erowaa, tS 50; plates
full t*t. ib. all work palnlesa and warranted
•4 .>ental Pmrlora, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 80S Mar^
ket st.. cor. «th. rm. 7. Fl(h<l bldg.. you can
have \oui extrarttons done palnllMlj. tr'th
without piHtes <>ur ■pcclalty; Ku!d crowns.
, ites. extractlonii free. $4 60 up- of-
fice hour*, la m t.. in  „) . ; Sundays. 9to 2
I m .; W WILLIAMSON ML. Manager.
DB GEOROE W. LKJEK. X oFarrell st. ex"
tracts- and fills teeth painlessly t>> his wonder-
- u ' seen thod: crowns $2; bridges. J4;
n»-xlble ;>lates. tl: received 8 first
prizes, no students: guaranteed 12 year*.
VAN VKuom Palnie»* extraction by electrlcl-
" •»n i . lowett prices; 10 op-
lenta »kT Market st.
M HILL, 144T Market st.. near
■Mjwjth: crowna, bridge work and fillings a
iltyj all w,.rk reasonable; gaa given.
PARIS I)-t,tal I-arlorh. 23i bug) BOr. Bush;
« of te-th. J4. crowns. Rj nilings. 25.-.
METER- rvutivhir 7.ahnatT.t. € Turk lKt-cla«s
work, prices reas ; ; gas; crown & bridge work.
Irntal Parlors. Inc.: I graduate opera-
torw; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
LOWEST prtoM In 8. F. ; work warranted M
yeara, N. T. DcoUna. SC7 Mission, cor. «Ik, ,
TIIEB AN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1899.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PARISIAN dressmaking, BS7 Geary: dresses
made Si up; dresses made over; perfect lit.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a prac-
tical eourxe; pat. cut; positions free. 103 Post.
B. K. Dressmaking. _.td!f6' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. »of. Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
lnr. nlnklng. 121 Post. over O'Connor A M fTatt
EDUCATIONAL..
lI E A LIT 8 Business College 24~Posnrr"sT V.7
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy. English
brancnes, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
MISS M. O. BARRETT Is unable to nil all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
Flr«>s more pupils; legions personally and by
malt. 302 Montgomery st.
AYHES' Business College. 723 Market St., con-
ducted personally by Mr. and Mrs. A>"res;
life scholarßhip &0. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
meoh.. survey, assay, archi.: day and even.;
e*t. UM VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOXING, physical culture taught by a com-
petent professor at pupil's residence. In class
or privately. Box 1391. Call office.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
prlv.orclaaa. Barker's Academy,927 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper: moat
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW schools. 927 Market, S. F., and »06 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College, 305 Larkln st . opp. City Hall.
START right and the end Is In night. PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day an<Lnlrht: l»rm« low. 1024 Mission. nr.«th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHi:i"M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42( Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
'free. 6ti Clay st.; phone Davis 111.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post: phone Main 1981.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment cifnce;
best help. 4HU O'Farrell st.: tel. East 42«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp Agency: all kinds
h»lp. <;f<> QAKI. M Qenry st.: t*i Grant h.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl desires
situation; two years' reference. MISS CUL-
LEN. 313 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also flrst-cla!>» Swedish cook: best refer-
ences; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN,
32J Butter st.; phone Main 621.
FIRST-CI*ASS chambermaid and waitress de-
sires situation; hotel 01 boarding-house; best
city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
TOI'NO German girl wiahea place as second
girl or enre of children: lately from old coun-
try. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish houseglrl; strong and will-
ing; SIS. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
REFINED lady (40) wants home; no wages;
any work sowing or children's car*. Box
127S Call Office.
COMPETENT Swedish girl n.-Flre« situation
• :.ne cook; a housewurker; American
(amity: wages $20; city or Oakland. 22
tta i>t.
YiiTNU Qcnnan w.tnan wants work by tha
day. washing or i-l^anlni; houso. Call 23U1
Al&meda aye.. Alame.la.
BTItONO, ■ omp^tont younu woman dealr^s
n a Jewish family; has first-class
reference; wag«-s J?T,. 41s I.arkln st.
YOUNG, reliable Eastern girl desires general
work and cooking; wage* $20 or l.'v. Call at
418 I<arkln st.
NEAT Swedish womnn wishes to do general
housework In small family, good cook; V)
per month. 2S Sheridan st.. bet. Folsom and
Harrison, off Ninth st.
ALL-ROUND cook and help; can take oners
place or full chars* of kitchen; English.
French and German cook; firat-olass pastry;
first-class hotel reference*. 242 Natoma st.
COMPETENT American, conk; 1" nice laun-
dress and housekeeper; city or country; mod-
erate wages. 120 Fourth at., room 14.
GERMAN woman wants washing. Ironing and
cleaning by the day. 61 Tehama, bet. Ist A 2d.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
tews Tic a day or M a week. U. M,. box 1290.
Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation aa nurseglrl or
I assist in light housework, wages JlO to 115 a
month. Call tit IM Hayes, present situation.
I STYLISH dresses made for M. also children*
dresses; reasonable; all work guaranteed; will
go out at ?1 25 a day. Call or address £39
Fourth st.
TWO German girl" wish positions to cotili or do
general housework; city or country. Call 14
Capp st.
GIRL wishes to assist In light housework In
family of 2 or 3; wages $10 or 112; good ref-
erences. Call from 9 to 4. 1704 Harrison st.
DRESSMAKER from New York will make
suits for $4; one price; high (trade work and
perfect fit. 220 Eddy St.. next Alhambra.
TRAINED nurse Is desirous of day nursing.
For further particulars address B. Call
branch office. 12£J Polk St.
GIRL with good education wishes position aa
lady's maid: understands fine dressmaking;
expert* need In traveling; can speak Spanish.
Artdre«s 217 California st. South, nr. 4th aye.
GERMAN nurse wishes position to care for In-
fant; best of doctors' references ; country pre-
ferred. Address W. C. V.. 1259 O'Farrell St.
\VAXTEI>— Position as Indies' maid and seam-
stress; references; wages V to $3.',. no objec-
tions to traveling. Address 1 week. MISS AN-
NIE BROWN. Oakland General Delivery.
A WOMAN of 35, five years private secretary to
Engineer Officer. D S. army, and for past
five to college president, desires position as
private secretary, or as companion to refined,
cultured woman; only first-class position will
be considered: trip abroad -tally desired.
Address MIPS EVANS. 1622 West Eleventh
St.. Los Angeles, Cal.
HW.WO TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guna. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
COMPETENT woman with child 2 years old
wishes a position as housekeeper In city or
short distance In country; references. Call
1&20 Fifteenth St.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wishes position:
Is economical, guaranteed to suit boss and
employes; referenda, L. DAVIS, 4 Val<*)o
place.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: NO rooms: Xc to $1 CO night: 11 to II
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and bnggag* to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GERMAN and wife want situations to go to
Cape Nome as cooks for company of miners;
best of reference. Address M. W., box 1276,
Call office.
WELL-KNOWN Eastern tenor would accept
position In church as soloist. Box 1277. Call.
WANTB> Place as coachman by a young
Swe.i.- t.ei»t of reference. Inqulr* at 132t
Mission ft.
I!' 'NEST, ri-llable and experienced yoting man
wifhe. \»r>rk In a cigar store. Box 1280. Call.
TOUNQ man. speaks German, wishes a posi-
tion as drummer; Is a good talker and a
steady worker Box 1279, Call office.
MIDDLE \<iKl> man. sober. Industrious, best
. Ity reference, good driver, stableman and
milker, mnnta place In family; wages Jit per
in.r.th BOS 11^. '"all office.
POBITIOM wanf-<l l<y competent butcher: shop.
market or hotel; reference. « Marye terrace,
off Turk .■: ■ .- irkln, or tel. Sutler :.:..
IHKST-i'i.ASS ronrhman wishes position; un-
derstands the care of fine horse* and harness
or will <lo Indoor work and gardening; fine
n-ferenceß; Just mustered out of Tennessee
f'.-^ment. Hex 11M. <- H ll office.
FIKST-CLJISS colored cu..k; hotel or Institu-
tion; <-lty or country. Box US2, Call office.
THOKOr<;H printer, afcust.imed to country
offices, wants position as compositor or fore-
man on country wi efcly. Box IJSI, Call office.
P< 'SITI' >N In gentleman's house or as care-
taker of private residence, or would keep
house for elderly gentleman; best of refer-
ence*. £12 Stockton St.
FIKST ci.ASS baits* «nd paetry cook wishes
position; city or country- Box 1289. Call.
AS bartender, by a rasi>ectable. middle-aged
single man: a place of trust: sober and re-
Mr rvferencea. BARTENDER, 87 Third
st . p.om 2.
BY pOMkK (Jerman thoroughly verfed in the
wholesale liquor line; has had exi>erience aa
salesman and shipping clerk: goo«l penman.
. good references. Box 1291. Call office.
DRUOOIST. registered. exj,. rt dispenser,
speaks English. German, French and Italian,
g'»'d references, seeks engagement; country
preferred. Chemist, box 1292, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
! WANTED— a situation as coachman: A No. 1
horseman: city references. Address box Mil.
Call offlce, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses,
wants very light Job: good home more an ob-
ject than w ages; best of reference. Address
H. V*.. 10 Anthony st.
SITI'ATION in private family or aa Janitor.
Box 120 S. Call office.
SOBER, trustworthy man wants place to make
beds or take care of respectable lodging
house; wages moderate. Box 1334, Call.
USEFUL man (elderly) wants work; under-
stands enre of horses, cow. garden, chickens;
f£! rlaln cook: email wages. Address box
1220, Call office.
CARPENTER (stranger) would like employ-
ment where an American Is wanted, do not
care where, for fair wages. Box 1219. Call.
SITUATION wanted by single, middle-aged
man on private place or email ranch: can
drive and care for horses and cows, garden-
ing, general farmwork. Address box 138«.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a man a* gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 1352. Call.
AMERICAN farmer and wife want situations
on ranch or cooks In camps. Call or address
P.. 305 Eddy st.
JAPANESE boy wants to work In a small fam-
Ily as schoolboy. Y. ZEN. 807 Polk st.
1100.000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. IB Grant ay.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until » p. m.
ENGINEER of long experience on stationary
engines and erecting pump plants wants posi-
tion: first-class references. Address B. 8..
Engineer. Martinez, CaL
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Kill more st.
WELL recommended expert bookkeeper, with
knowledge of languages, wishes position;
good correspondent. Box 1831. Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuefcy sts. Open till > p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions baa been established at. 1096 Va-
le-ncla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
QEORGE MAY HULK. German expert optician.
IC.H4 Mnrh-t st.. San Frnnc'sco: exam, free.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EDPON, 12Q9 Broadway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
ABHTON & GARDINER. 411 MONTGOMERY.
$16—1 Holllv 5 rooms and bath.
$25—1721 McAllister; 7 rooms and bath.
$15—463 Stevenson: 4 rooms.
ELEGANT flat; 6 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 711 Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery et.
FLAT of 3 rooms and large yard to let. 1649
Mission St.. corner Bond; rent $8.
FLAT of 4 rooms; rent $9. (15 Thirteenth st.
FLAT. 6 rooms, yard. $14; also, cottage, i
rooms, $10. Key 622 Second st. ■
FLAT of 9 rooms arid bath. 61 Hermann st.,
corner of Stevenson. —
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. Northwest corner
of Eighth and Natoma ?t«.
MCALLISTER. HIS— upper fiat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
$100, POO TO loan on diamonds, watches.stlver. seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
, MISSION. 1511— Upper and lower flats; 5 Inn:*
: sunny rooms, bath, yard; laundry; rent $18.
SIXTH. E36A— I rooms", bath: large yard; front
ami rear entrances; rent $12; water fre«.
SUNNY corTKJr flat; Twenty-second and Castro;
: 5 rooms and bath.
SUNNY bay window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; flm nnd second floors. 417V4 Third.
SUNNY flats 3 and 4 rooms and baths. Inquire
at 1C:« Howard st., near Twelfth.
7 BUNNY rooms: bay-window modem flat. 1710
Polk •: . near Clay; i~:
$8— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St., off
Market, near Valencia.
$10— UPPER floor. S large sunny rooms and
bath; 78 Elliott Park. •>« Stflner. near G«ary.
Apply 1911. Geary st.
$10— FLAT of 4 rivwn to let. *1« Folsnm st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sixes. $2 M;
heavy matting. 100 per yard: 30xt0 Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evening.
FURNITURE of a 6-room flat. 3 bed. sitting,
kitchen; cheap; month's rent pd. 25 Birch aye.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co 11*7 1111 Market.
FTJttXITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pay»
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— S£OOO carpets, furniture, etc. : hlgnest
prire paid: postal. M Pllv»r«t»'TV 1121 Market.
FUKRIKUS, fI)KS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan , yokes, 118 to
$30 ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kenrny. top floor.
linT WARTED — A«EMT9.
AGENTS— Ladles and gents everywhere make
money by selling the only correct map of bat-
tlefields In the Philippines; Just the thing for
Xmas present. Call or address P. E. LAMAK,
21 First St.. San Francisco. Cal.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
CO TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
Wednesday evening at 6 o'clock.
GERMAN or Swedish cook for American fam-
ily; $40; refs. MISS CULLEN. 32S Suiter Ft.
COOK and second girl, same place; $25 and $20;
American family. MISS CL'LLEN. 325 Sutter.
AN Institution cook; $35; city. MISS CUL-
LKN. 125 Sutter St. _^
FRENCH or Spanish girl to mind child: $15.
MISS CL'LLEN. 325 .Sutter it.
WOMAN With a child as housekeeper; $12;
country. MISS CULLEN. 825 Butter st.
SWEDISH s rl at rhar.iberwork and lady's
maid: $25. MISS CVLLEN. 32:> Sutt*r st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEAHY ST.
T».i smltmsM and laundresses. $20 oach. h.»-
tel, short distance In country. »cc tioss here
at 9 O'clock; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20, city
and country. 1" 'waitresses, hotels, city and
country. $2<v mnrh cook, $25. »cc party li*t.- .it
11 o'clock. 20 huuseglrlß. $20 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & <X>., lOfQery st.
WANTBD- Waitress and parlor maid. $25, *e«
lady at 12 a m.; cook, no wash. $86. German
style; 6 cooks. German *tyle t $2. and $3"; 4
cooks, plain wash. $25 and $30. American fam-
Hl^r; 2 nurv clrls. $20; 4 second girls. $15.
$20; restaurant waitresses. $5 and $fi; hotel wait -
reppeH, $20. .-..iintry; chambermaid. $7 week.
hiu!>ej;lrl f»r Shasta, see lady at 2 p. m. ;
24 girls for housework, $3", $25. city and coun-
try. J. F. cHwskTT & <"<». 31C Sutter st.
COOK. $*>; -. n.l girl. $21; wnman with a
child. US; 10 hiUKeglrls. $2r. and $*>; houßeßlrl.
Pan Mat) ' Ban Hnfael. P
w..man. |U; waitress, $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Putter Ft.
A HOUSEKEEPER. Menlo Park. $15. nice
place; 6 restaurant waitresses. $6 and $5 per
week; 4 Meond Klrls, $25 and $30; 10 walt-
refl*es ani r)ininl*ermal<ls, city and country.
$20 an.l gtt. MISS Fl. (M'LLINAN. 323 Sutter.
WAMTBD A girl fr>r general housework In
family of f; no washlnK: wages $15. Apply
2213 California st.. between 10 and 2.
TAILORESS i. custom coats; steady work.
222 1 ! F"ulton st.
YOUNG Klrl: assist housework and care of
baby: good home. 1006 Geary st.
TOUN'J ladles If you want to make $2 to $4
per day rail at 33 Turk st.. parlors 25. 16.
V ANTED Flnlsheri on custom coats. 40 Ellis
St.. room 12. I>. ABRAM.
EXPERIENCED fintphers on custom work.
LPEWENTHAI/ 8, ?14 Market st.
WANTED-<;irl to assist In light work. Call ~t
to 11. 10U Golden Gate aye :
GIRL for general housework; small family.
816 Fell st
WANTEI' r.iH f or nn g ht housework; wagM
$10. 3143^ Sixteenth st.
WANTED- a v..vn X *| r l tn mTnd baby betweea
» and 12. 133s Valencia St.
UIKL, to a«sist with light housework: good
lu.rn.-. Pall 4034 Seventeenth St.. near Castro.
M2DDUg-Aara> woman work In bathhouse!
r-i >:nmended. Call after 10 a. m.. 34
Fourth st.
WANTEI* A (rirl for general housework. 100
McAllister st.
WANTED— Girl to assist In general housework;
wages $10. Apply M 214 Market st.
LADY to take charge of house of 19 rooms,
newly and elegantly furnished; must have
» Apply 74? Minsion st.
WANTEIv-Flrst -class embroiderer: steady
work; brjng samples. 715 Larkla »t
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
WANTED— Good pants finisher. 619 Sixteenth
St., near Grove, Oakland.
WANTED- First-class ironar on ladles' clothes.
10 Oak st.
OOLQRKD woman for general housework. Ap-
ply 57» Harrison St., before 10 a. m.
TAILOREBB on fine custom coats at 533 Na-
toma st.
TAILOR X£3 on custom coats; good wages.
140 Rubs st.
QIRL to assist in general housework In bakery;
no children. 3116 Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
WANTED— GirI to dn general housework. ZX2
Golden Gate aye.. bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
$100,000 To loan on diamonds, watches. sliver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. If. <;rant ay.
WANTED— Competent French woman, by the
day, to sew and do light rhnmhr work; ref-
erences required. Uox lJftt. Call office.
GIRL to work on fln« custom vests. 632 Green
St., rear.
WANTED— Neat girl to do plain cooking In
bakery. 427 I.arkin s*.
WANTED— Woman to work In restaurant
kitchen. 113 Turk st.
TAII>iRESS wanted on conts. Apply at 834
PoteOtfl .tt . > t Fourth an.l Fifth.
APPRENTICED <n shirts nnd overalls, paid
while learnln*. Standard Hhlrt Factory, cor-
n»r ' ir.ugh an.l Grove sts.
WANTED - Flrj-t-clajis talloress on custom
coats. 915 V* sutter St.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 par week Eastern
Outfitting Co. UQt Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Gall branch of fire. WOO Fillrnor* st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlM-m<»ntß and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A HHANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call adverisemanU and
subscriptions has been established at 10M Va-
l*ncin in.
HELP WANTED-MALB.
60 TALEKTBD amateurs. Apply at Chutes
Wednesday evening at 6 o'clock.
MAN or boy; chore.; country; $10. MISS CUL-
I.KN. 325 Sutter M
MLURAY & READY PHONK MAIN 5948
I>a<llng Employment an.l Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
10 teamsters, fare $i $2 to $^25 a day
6 pruners for orchard an.l vlneyar.l
l.'.r, woo.ichoppen and tlemnkers, nee boes here
15 farmhands CX, $2u. $M and found
Und»-rgr.iun»i carman for mine $(0
12 laborsrs an.l .lrlllers. city $60
CARPENTERS AND BLACKSMITHS.
6 carp<-ntors, S hours' work. 2 months' Job
$3 day
Blacksmith shop, fare 10.- $40 and found
MURRAY ft READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DBPT BAKERY I>EPT
H»-n.l waiter, country hotel $3; and found
3 wattaca, botela and r,,tt-e house.. s3o anl fd
* ■ *■ $4", 13.'.. $30. $2K and found
Boys to drive milk and butcher wagons
$15 anl found
Becaod bsker. south $35 and found
Cook, private family.
iirHRAT A REAI»T.
634 and 636 Clay St.
W ANTED- Driver for delivery wagon In city;
elnKl" nian with city experience and refer-
ences; salary $30 tr, f:j; per month and found.
W. n EWEB & <•<•.. 6» Clay st.
WANTED— Neat, intelligent man as companion
for boys" training school; short distance In
country; salary $25 per month with board,
lodging and washing. references required as
to character, etc. W. D. EWER & CO 610
Clay at
WANTED Two-bocaa teamster, to haul milk
on M:r><liin roail: $S0 i*r month and found
W. D. BWBH A «•«. . 110 .lay st.
WAITER, country hotel. $25; waiter, small
cunrry h-tel. near city. $22 50. and others.
W I> BWBB * Oa. 610 Clay st.
C. R HANSEN & 00..... 104 OKART ST.
teamsters for the Coast Road, free fare; (
farmers for a fruit ranch. 120, see boss here;
10 farmers. $20: 2 farmers. $26; miner $2 50 a
day
3 restaurant head cooks. $60 to $90; $ second
C "ks. $10 and $12 a week. nlßht cook. l f .n;
fry c.x.k. $€<.; 2 c.Hjks. {M a w^«-k; vegetable
mun. $30. barkMep^r. city. $45 to $M; waiter.
mine l...nr<llnr- house. $30; Gf rman waiter
country restaurant. $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Oary »t
NEAT boy who lives with his parents to tend
soda fountain. $5 a week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary at
WANTEIV I miners and tlmberman. $2 75 day;
man about place. $25: teamsters for city. 11
day ar.<l bortrd; German vineyardlst and wife.
$30: prun.-r. $1 .lny. and oth'-rn. J. F. CItO-
SETT & CO., f.2i Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for miners' boarding house.
$50; cook. $23: oyster house cook. $4^ thlnl
cook. $30; 2 waiters, country hotel. $201 dish-
washers. potwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & on.. 62H Sacramento st.
BARBKR8 1 Protective Union— The on'.y legal
oiKnnlzcd union on th« coast. J. J. HETINZ.
Braptojmatßt Boe*y., C3O Market, downstairs!
BARKERS' Progressive t'nlon— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., ]IH 7th; tel. Jestile 1."2
WANTED— A good coatmaker. 520 Kearny st..
first floor, room 1.
WANTKI By to learn gents" furnishing goods
busint-cK. I-rniN'S. 611 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Good boy for candy store; about 14
yenrs old. Apply 10 'o'clock, 1825 Polk St.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WAITER wanted at 217 Sixth st.
GOOD cook wanted. Apply at 1830 Hatght
street.
GOOD barber wanted. Apply at 3310 Sacra-
ir.ento st.
WANTED— young, unmarried; regis-
tered. 140 Third st.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
collect; will pay $15 per week; must have $75
cash: steady place." Apply 1016 Market, r. 10.
SIGN painter; boy or young man; steady work.
Call noon, 130 Fourth st.
WANTED — Man who understands nursery
work and Jobbing gardening. 600 Halght st.
COOK wanted. Apply at 613 Clay at.
BARBERS — A 2-chalr completely furnished
shop, with living room, to let or for sale
cheap: corner. 3450 Twenty-fifth st.. near
Valencia.
WANTED— Swansen the washer to send his
address to P. O. box 657. Woodland. Cal.
WANTED— Good waiter; one that can open
_ oysters. 105 California Market.
SHOEMAKER on first-class repairing. 2140
Flllmore st.
BARBERS— Best three-chair shop; living
rooms; $140. Se« DECK ELM AN. 10€ Ellis st.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop for sale cheap: rea-
son. sickness .427 San Pablo aye, Oakland.
WANTKI' Heavy fcrger: wages $4 per dayT
Apply at Navy-yard. Mare Island. Cal.
WANTED— lntelligent men and women to work
for us day or evening at their homes; no can-
vassing; neat, steady employment; good pay;
inclose stamp and we will explain our differ-
ent lines of work and price we pay for each
STANDARD ART MFG. CO. 142 Went 23,1
St.. lMj.t. 6. New York City. Bolar printing
and finishing for agents and the trade; send
for trade circular.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. I'ncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTEIK- Genteel appearing, live and ener-
getic men out of employment; good Induce-
ments to the right parties. Call at 900 Post
St.. Tuesday and Wednesday evenings be-
tween 7:SO and 8:30 o'clock; any morning be-
tween S and 9 o'clock.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting 25c to
60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
EXPERIENCED manager for medlum-slsed
printing office; must be competent proof-
reader: permanent position to good live man.
Address, with references, stating ability A
8.. box SOS, Call office.
EXPERIENCED clerk for notion and furnish-
ing goods store; must be good on <lre-slng
show windows; permanent position to good
live man. Address, with references. H. A
box CIS. Call office.
WANTED— Ruptured men to cure free to prr.\»
easy. safe. sure, quick method. DR. BPEIKS
44 Main St., Westbrook. Maine.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamesT
at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
— neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BAKBERB— 3 chair hotel barber shop in the
center of this city; reason, death of proprie-
tor; must be sold: i>nt $25. For particulars
_call on H. BCHEtXKRT. 'J27 Market st.
MEN to learn barN-r trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction-
lectures on dermatology: Saturday waxes-
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue'
_MOLERJB BARBER QQUJQ^ 635 (i ay it-
WANTED— IOO men to try our 16c hre*kfa«
dinner ..r supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
st.. near Polk.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6tt Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MKN and women to learn barber trade at S
F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
PIITS to order on Installments at cash prtcea.
fl week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny!
HELP WANTED— MALE.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 23c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
WANTED— La borers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House 217 Third St.; 150 Urge
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 7"0 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
TRY Acme House. 937 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22u> Flllmor* at.
A BRANCH i 'fire for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the |
northwest corner c-f Twrnty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. ; open till 9 p. m.
HORSES, LIVK STOCK, Etc For Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses at auction
Tuesday at 11 o'clock. Ormonde Stable. 1517
Mission St.. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.; tel.
South 436.
Git AY team for doctor or undertaker; black
business horse; standard bred. I*> 36 Mission.
A CARLOAD Of C" -I work homes. one span
weighing 3600. 1751 Mlnslon st.
$2fv-Ft»R snle for want of use; good b'lstn-sa
horse. Apply 22 Golden Gate aye.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, burgles,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
»27 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SI'LLIVAN A DOTUI Auctioneers
LOOK nut for the M* sale of horses Tuesday.
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable. 1517 Mission st.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1635 Market st between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
HOUSES LODGING SALE.
...... R. H. " WINSTON * CO
102« MARKET 5T.. ..1026 MARKET ST.
23 rooms; rent $40; one floor $600
32 rooms; piano; corner; clears $100 11M
40 rooms; rent $100; corner; clears $200.. 2700
66 rooms; cheap rent; a snap 1500
$8000 to loan on furniture at 2 per cent.
•-ROOM furnished house; north of Market; a
snap . COWING A CO.. 993 Market st.
$1900— 60-ROOM house; best location city; near
Market; all rented. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see BA-
SILE. 3 Eddy at.; new cash buyer dally.
$1400— NINETEEN rooms; nearly new and ele-
gantly furnished; north of Market; central;
rent $75; easy payments. Apply 743 Mission.
$400—19 ROOMS furnished for housekeeping;
rent $30; all rented. 951 Mission st.
MODERN, well-furnished house. 55 rooms: cen-
trally located; must be sold. Box 1243. Call. '
FINNY flat; all rented; select roomers; over
drugstore. 10(1 Folaom st.
18 ROOMS elegantly furnished, cost $3500 (new).
.$lBOO. Box 1351. Call office.
29 ROOMS; rent $90. north of Ellis, nr. Jones
St.; $115 U. Box 188. Call of flee.
BRICK block In Los Angeles to trade for hotel
and business. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
1« ROOM boardlnit-hruse; Geary St.; HIS 0; want
lar(?«r house. Box 1350. Call office.
no USES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. C 67 Market.
HOUSES. FLATS.
IS4I Taylor. » r..550n0»10 McAllister. 7 r $30 00
3T61 23th. 8 r 25 00 244 Frederick, < r. 25 00
247 Fair Oaks. 7 r 22 M 122 A Castro. ( r.. 22 50
617 Diamond. S r. 13 00 «2 Harrison. 6 r. 16 no
BROADWAY, l»0S-« rooms, bath, laundry: fine
marine view; rent $20.
CHEAP— 10 rooms and bath; In excellent order;
only $20. 62 Tehama St., near Second.
COFFET. HUGHES * lIERBST removed to 630
Market st., opp. Palace Hotel; houses, flats,
etc.. all sizes and prices, to let.
GOLDEN Gate aye.. 700, NW. cor. Franklin—
Handsomely papered sunny corner house; 10
rooms and bath.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN it HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds. watches, sliver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSE of • rooms and bath: furnished. $35;
unfurnished $25. 1116 Leavenworlh st.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717—2 sunny modern houses of
S rooms and bath; each newly papered.
REED. — < rooms, bath, gas and basement;
$20; key 1325 Washington st. _
12 ROOMS and bath; Geary St.. opp. Union
square; partly rented. Box A 292. Call.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— SmaII house or flat, with convenl-
ence of stable. In city. Box 1255. Call.
LOST ASD KOU.ND.
LOST— Monogram watch fob. A. S. L. Return
712 Market St.; receive reward.
FOl'ND — Ctray h<>rse; owner can have same by
proving property and paying ripeniws. Ai>-
ply WM BAVAOB, «4ft Pryant t>t
A Wnri new. for 5 r^nts Th» W—kly fall.
1< pagep, |p wrnpper. for milling. II p^r year
MISCELLANEOUS— rOE SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery- Me-
DfTOUI i Wel-I'MAN, 1?:.-1'<7 FYennnt St.
BARS. Nark bars, mirrors, showcases. ( 'in-
ters, linoleum, office furniture. »t»re and of-
1W furniture and fixture*, new and -
hand. J NOONAN, 1017-1019-K/:i-10:3 Mission
st.. above S'.xtb.
BARS, counters, showcase*, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1^63 Mission st.
CHKAP binocular microscope. Box 1171. Call.
AT less than cost; uncalled-for milts and
trousers to be »"ld at t'harl.-a Lynns', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution- Fie sure you go ti> the right store,
7:i Mhrket St.. In the History building
<"harlp» Ly-'tis has n"thlng to do with any
other store In the blork. hts nam<> tx>lng In
full over the st re (CHARLiCS LTOM
LAUNPRT -•■.•:•<••• etc V^aalwr, SMI -x
tractor, it In.. Bandy box mangle, hand ex-
tractor; copper boiler. 40x38. open top; No. 4
Triumph steam generator. 7W Bryant st.
SAFES— New and second f"r banks, merchants,
steamers, residence, portable, safety boxes;
•pecle chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltx Bafe Ob., !"•.• ill Market »t , B, X . Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. •'arr" and all brands
English fire brtrk. fire clay, brtckdust S R.
CHURCH. 307 Bansome st. . tel. Main 5<M«.
$ HOISTING engines, 3 steamers. 5 looomotlres.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINF.. 210 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. V '^- BACIGALUI'I.
933 Market St.. tan Francisco.
ELEGANT diamond lockets for $10 and $15 at
UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye.
A-$S CO DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
alar Price. Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
BVBINESS wagon. $10; top buggy, with pole.
ttO. bicycle. $10. rare bargain. 1311 Eddy it.
FOR sale cheap— paying restaurant; sell-
ing account sickness. 17 Ninth st.
$18— DOMESTIC sewing machine; • drawers:
good order; attachments. 1915 Mission, nr 15th.
LOT 2:xlC0; trade for anything or sell cheap.
1197 Foltom st
FOR cale— Wine and liquor route, with bone
and wagon. 1411 Pacific st.
CLOSING out of ICO new and 3d -hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 313 Fourth st.
ANTIQUE brass candelabrum, 400 years old,
. and chandeliers for sale. 7?« l » Howard St.
DRESS pants. I! 75; fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
FOR Christmas presents call on SOHENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill planers. lathes.
Iron & wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
SErnxn-HAND machlnen*. •Uctlle»l supill.-".
boilers and engines. H. 8. White. 516 Mii>«i<>n
BUTB, !<e|lii. rentn cear ma<hlner>. boilers,
water pipe; new.2d-hand. Wnltelaw.Jl6 Ppear.
t)R CREELY'S C. P. Worm Plllo: by all -lruir-
Klrts, or Dog- Hospital. 61<> Golden Gate aye.
BAFTCP-New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE PO. 417-4?! Sacramento st.
BARS, counters. shelving. showcases bought and
sold F.I BEN. HIS Mlxslon: tel. Jessie 1163
tIISCHLLANKOIS WA.MB.
FIHEPROOF wife, with or without a burglar
chest: state outside and Inside stse and mak-
er's name and lowest ca*h price. Box 1354.
Call.
HKiHEHT price paid for old feather beds and
pillows; send postal CHARLES LEWIS. 611
I'nlon st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LAW Hih>KS NMi«ht. • ■■] '. anl ex.h»n«-1 at
REI'BEN'B. 420 Montgomery St.. upstairs.
LADIEB' and children's ca*t-oft dresses bought
and (Old. J. SUvennaa. S*4 Folium, nr. Ith.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known lad!*
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye. 13«2 Marke*'
has return**! fr'm Europe with ir: .
methods and advanced kn ■
$.'.; warrante«l; It years' su ■■
tlce In S. K. Offlre. 118 Eddy st . near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETII, ladles' physician consul-
tation fre*»; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed r r^,..
ment at office. $5. 942 Post st . between Hyd*
and Larkln: hours. ID to 5. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st . bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office noun— lo to 12. 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
____^
DR. POPPER. ladles' physician tor 37 years;
call on physician with man's knowledge; I.
cure »*nt: private home In confinement. Hi
Kearny st.: consultation free; guaranteed.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny room*:
best of care: nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEOENER,
phone Pine 2781; res.. 1312 Golden Oat* aye.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market; ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated. late sclosi.
tlflc methods; cure guaranteed: treatment C
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st.. bet. Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at office. $3: hours 9 a. m. to & p. m.
•I: \l.r.« S MB Mark-t sf . hours. N
a. m. to I p ni : *t residence 22* Van Ness.
aye , • . ... •-e.j treatment. $5.
I>H WIBE, »he is.iie.- specialist, tUI Market
st.: every case »uarnnteed. $5 up.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the -renowned
ladles' specialist. 1023H Market st.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all *!•-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MIXES AND MINING.
QUARTZ MINE for »ale on TuMumne River:
tunnel on vein gives MS feet additional backs
for each IM-foot run; vein averages 4 feet
wide and $« to $12 per ton: price $IS.OOO; easy
terms. W. F. ARAM. Mills building, & F.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. Itb
floor. Mills building. 8. F.: ttl. Main 144.
MONBY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $30 to
to 1100.000; « per cent; Ist. Id or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate. undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: adrl<~«
and money furnish- P. A. Dolan. (36 Markt.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent; flrv.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, Ufa Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential: advice free o. K.
OLKEN. room 16. flrst floor. Chronicle btdg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, wltbout
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Huh: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business eta*.
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 146 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and plan..* without r»mn»tl.
quick service; money direct and lowest Inter-
•■•t F'.-im 6S and W, Donohoe Bldg . DM Mar-
ket st.
ON real estate. Ist or Jnd mortgages, and in
furniture Off plan^xt; no removal, any amount:
lon»<t rates. I!K«'KFR. 2« Miintgomery St.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jew-lry. W. J. HK.STHAL. 10 Sixth;
hlirheat price for nld gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture an 1
plapon; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONKLU C r-ervatory bldg. 130 Powell .t.
AT 1M Kearny. rtx-m \ a respectable and pii-
rate place to borrow money on watches, dla-
mrnds. etc.; lowest rates: take elevator.
M<"'NET to loan on <Mty realty, estates rents.
pianos, furniture, etc A. U sp r ;> X * cr>
CASH leaned to salaried people on not* wtth-
out Indorser. MQRRKLL. «» Examiner Mdc
TO salaried men: without r. i lateral or In-
dorser. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Ph-lan bl«.
$SOCfl TO loan on furniture and planoa at 2 per
cent WINSTON A CO.. MM Market «t.
ALL prop, ut I. n«. small or large; salaries;
rents Kl/iTH. 210 California St.. room 7.
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and Id mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK.. 116 McAllister •».
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money «cc H. MTTRPHT. On Market ••
MUSICAL wmmtmMimmmwm,
AGAIN we remind you that youThould pur^
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Btelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $•; per month, and some good
pianos for $3. $< and $6 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY ft CO.. Stelnway Dealers cor-
ner Kearny and Butter sts.. ."an Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER *. CHASE'S.
2«, 25 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every.
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE planes; new scale; new styles. KOII-
1.1 It i, CHASE. SO OFarrell st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
14. $4. $4. $4. $4. 14 per month.
3 < 'bickerings. 2 Steinwave, 1 V'ose A Sons and
fifty other slightly used hl*h and medium
grade pianos; special discounts for cash
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO., 136 Ellis M
THE best planes for the least money at MAU-
MS. 769 Market st.
SEE the new Packard Pianos and organs at
MAU VAIS'. 763 Market; they are beauties.
OLYMPIA music boxes are the latest and best
they play all kinds of tunes. Agency at
MAUVAIS'. 7O Market it.
SECOND hand, upright or square piano; must
be in good order: very cheap, for caah. Ad-
dress, statlnf price and wh<*re to be seen.
MRS. GEORGE KEYSER. Peralta P. O.
LA l'.i IE stock of Bnldwln and oth«r atandanl
pianos; prlres redu. c.l to lns>ir» piomct saiea.
W C, HAMILTON. 314 Post ,t
CLOSING out a lot of second-hand pianos on
storage at auction prices: cheap for cash
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A VERT fine upright, slightly used, sacrificed
for rash. Room 12. Flood building.
FINE Fischer * Btelnway upright: sacrificed
KEEFFE'g. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. O«*rr it!
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. •<■» • fop
s Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis piano*. -
WANTED—: square piano*. BTRON MAUZT
m Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly r.«w. cheap
HORNUNO. 11« McAllister st.
BARGAIN— upright: cheap. SCHMrrxTS
McAllister St.. next Hlbemla Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauxy and other piano*. tot
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, xlt hers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. ? Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America The Weekly
Call. X pages, sent to an'- addres* In th«
Unlte«l States, postpaid, fur tl per year
OFFICES AXD STORES— TO LET.
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms la rear*
large dry basement; suitable for any * — tnin*
MS Valencia st . under Hotel Dennliton cor-
ner Twenty-first: business center of Mission.
TO LET— Nice store and cement basement in
Valle)o st.. cor. Montgomery are.; cheap.
SIXTH. Store 3 rooms: large yard: rear en-
trance; rent $11. water free.
STORE, tartly fitted up. for barber shop o»
any small business l*> 4 Valencia *.
EMMA <}}<;> KKI.s building. m Market st -
I.lrht winnT ofnr#«. It 2 w» i* »?(» r,.- m^ntli
PALMISTRY. ~
HAVE your life read without a queatloa or
ml 1 take at your own home: *—«-*■«■ by
phone Larkln 10C«. MR3. il y
pkrsusi via. "
PAINTING. tlntinK and decorating done ehea^
MlsJlon""^ 01 * 8 * palnter " wlth '•mllle.. MS
BET E^J. WllXlAHßTr^moTed to IKS lUf^
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA hair tonic will
Cm?! one a *"*utlful head of hair. LED-
ERER u»ea no otherr Be bottle. 133 Stockton!
GO to LEDERER. he do*« yt>ur hair In th«
most becoming style for 23c rm*nlcu ring 23c*
switches $1 i? l ' ! open T Sundays an.l holiday*.'
>a. m. to 13 m Q. Lederer. 123 Stockton it!
PIANO tuning and rtp*lrln«. O. H KtTHM
formerly with Stelnway * S.,ns. res.' S*) |"th
cor. Clay. Oakland; 25 years' experience
MRS ; L.J. WHEEIiOCK has removed L« VeriTl
P*rlor» to 114) Market st. ; phone Folfom *?
MANILA rrench laundry; cleanln*. dyeln*
curtains. Kr up lv rush i4J Oeary"
E K E ,9 Ar;V r * mn for suits. 11078- b»i».^
13 75 or orereoat.. til 60; m « d- To o?de^
•amplea ivnt to Interior. One Prle* TvnlSll
Co.. l«l Market it., at. NlchoU.f I'CWOA'A
tVcTIC l -i:r!"»!r;. Z>: shar «*oclaj. Sc;
': -•-'— f-.C «»fl trani<-5-ia# taorht. O-t/»
• ••» J »'i ••«. v^ Karkrt »t.. o t rr TVcnd^r.
RTAUIIERZTCO eerr»«t»4: bookltt, j. wiiiTE-
V. » M. Pn.IX. CO Ltr^er. Oakland.
*C3N I- IJOONE, Pmteat " >a:eaarlt
Attcrrey «t L*w. and C«p>-irht
« c - ■• La v » a BptctaXty.
- - Fn.nrt«ca Cal. American tad Fcr-lca
--:i fcr c'.rrc'.ar. Patents Recited.
ET.CCTRIC UtTEts In *v»ry rocra: '"TnrTifiTi
• • .. -' -'.. ri-«r Market: I» roca%;
•< f tl X r*r -cht: t: W to V> per week:
- • . --1 :a . t* '3 ar.d fron the ferry.
■ ■ •• •» I \-r .-■! ar.d raawju* rad* co«»-
« .— ii"»-i:r a"' »'r»: cour.tn ordern »o-
»-d.' OiLOSTgIN A C 0..:8 > -arket tt.
••■- • \ "' batr ireclal'at*. ktow hair
H bo.r>i fcr yt *~r- « E<*ly it.
T KLSIN' ba;» eiothlEK. brte-a-br»r. \x>\% aad
\; tend icr hia. IC9 Fath rt.
v- v .- -- -h»t bsr« *"ld C3M ;»weiry and
**.- ■ -.-.-». ■•QLEMAN'S. .-'•c Kearav.
- " • ' ' 'i»t-cff rtothine iisd br?c-«-
" ' "- Ks - -^ TMrt «t. : « T.d pr»taJ.
PAIS '• rar«rfcaarlrir: men % papered.
j: ■ ••--•::x * hath. aa» a xth «.•
AT" . ea t&^2 fhcp: *»*« "->urht.
, M-c»8 - XS3 Parent tt.. :t>;ar Cal.
" X— New larenf.ca fcr rh'.aa <:ee-
? '1 ' - r*irßCH.r *irBCH. 3~ Earaoae st.
•. i V ft OO . afrs. rf fine fvir» and teal
r rar »:«? r*ao<ieH^r. :9« 1 >arr.y «.
■ trisa Tull value fcr vcur <-ait-?rr cloth-
e -*V. rr. r COHEX. 117 Thirt 1 1.
•rvr.r.. -trlcture «-ur»I: ni krlfi t: no i-«ec-
cuarartd. I>. Ocrd-.r.. V.4 Pin... ab Kray.
:•'. ccld *?r tr.ar.urr * > Nr»LTEI
■ . .... f, ... ■ >. . T „... . Vj..^"
niOTUUUAPUIC StPPL lE^.
FrS'EfT and futlert stock: »<j-ja_— deal and
rr-rtpt terv'ce: crurtry crtert car specialty
»•»'••*•-' ?r>» «~a! Ctwerrx Co . a <>eary tt.
PKOP.-r.IY TO 1.E.1S t.\
MECHANICS' INSnTTTE.
To >**c— Block No J; ttrSxTV b- »UT:ie4 by
L*rkin. l- >■«•». Polk arid Grcv* 14.; fo- a
terrr. . f yea.n.
'Proposal* will be re^retreiS at the TSechanlc**
:r>-itu»e. II P^t rt.
Ri:Al ESTATE — CITY POP. SALE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. R'SSIDSNCE
AND UN'IJtPROVEI* PROPJ3ITT.
AT SALESROOM ".4 jaNTGOMERT ST.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 1L Z233.
At 12 O'clock Noca.
REFEREE SALE IX PAHTCTION.
Th* B f^Jlewirt* pr-perttw by orOer cf J. C.
Cu'ltr. Martin Stevens and Jcha - S. Rills, ref-
*f-«« Mauris L. A?her. »ttcraey-ror referee*.
•a c*:!f=TT.!j,
No. L
SW. corner 6ir.*-ae ar.a Orf-rawica , tta. : c!S
2s-.prsreaer.ts; rent Stt ;t a«r2:: let « fx
i»7 *L.
No. 2.
r*-t%i; Lejcirrtcn aye. fSteressen rt.>: three
r \i»et cf { rocrs* aad b«.ti eats; «r.a Cl z»t
Cisth: rtreet acoeptM; lot S-yiTZ.
No. X.
L«t» IS. :». r. n. 24. <L. «!. 45. 47 • - '- a. la
t'--k 4 cf GarOri Tract »«tead Assocla>
t; =; lots ZZx\i: eaca.
Xo. 4.
L. tt I !.!.!(, !. .*. a ». r. a. 3. H.
n. ;«. zz. a. 27. a. a. «». «l v. 4^ m. 47 aad
O. 13 black S <-• Garden Tract Hcaestead As-
sv--;*ti;a: lets ZCxiZ* each.
N^ 6.
Lt« iw«, b^h rscrcstv*. {a Mock < of
Cardta Tract Hcaettead AjcsocUtlca.
No. t
- .:s 1 ti> 14. V<h rsrrsHre; »Jto that portlca
et r v -»-k accJi rrrnrr oj S*a Bruno tr*. aad
T-il aye.. £E- 1^:«S. StT. 75. NW. Will*. N.
i -^ b t&ck T. Ganlea Tract Ha=*sread At-
t.> .atl^a.
Xa. 7.
tx~. ta the • w- of CiJpe.:'.*. Xcjododao Co.
E> . '.rrarr Jarkusn «=d li ?t».. ta bt-?ck; 13; lot
t-Ts'.'.:; 1 frcrtatre*.
•• NO. a.
ALAMEDA. OOVSfTX.
IZTi Park are., bet. Saa Jo*e »- * Saa Aat»>
Z. a-et.. Alatr*-ix; hru*« cf 7 rooaa ari bath;
:i:-. £3 per arath: Irt Kx»<*.
Na. «.
A.I a#ctioa J*. ia tow-aa^, C south, ranje
Z- »ast, ■>'■.-•. :■*.'.. lo- aad Uendlaa, cca-
taJsitx t*j Acres ... aH i - f:*te partly
is. the C:unty cf Madera acl partly la thi
Ccuatj «• rrrsao.
For further r*rti-lars apply at «ur < race.
<J H. I'UBCSX * CV>.. a a ••**..--*.
14 \I :.'k r;.e.-} ret
tV. M CPBCK * CO-. M 7 lL*rk*l St.
JTW- Let =ear Miss'.oa and ii stav^ K-fo<*
t^**— e Cars; rr=t» x*>; dowr.to»a-
Uut>-4 -a?s rear Cti. and X.satos: recta >4I: 1
%-ar.t orer
s:*»»«— » rat*: Cai:?Trnia tt. : r-ata Ui.
S "'-: k «t »t; I £ats>: rer.'s •■>; barcxia.
!•::■*— N.sr :•«».: aad B«ati. > a*w car*; I
tv=ts abrut i<,
::..::<--. st^ naar Aahbary: I ir.e Cats; '
resta »^i
n.lßin ITl i in aad fiats: car Market aad Tay- {
i r T^-fict rrott; rents tl».
;u.yxj — 'j»ary «t-. :-ax Masca; tt^re and loCc*
tr; h'-:»e.
R4.9oo— BsA rt.. — *r Xa«oc: new Sa-i rests
::. <f«at 4th aad >afl»: !.t »iC I ar.i
pro* 'xer-t*.
5:7.:- < ft--* ; tTr« arS 3 €X«=« ai>CT4>: aodera;
a.*.- "Air aad Jocea; paji 7 per crat act.
M <"— Tlxii feet; Oe»ry at-, aear Tayicr.
«IS.«:»X'-I>owatcwa; a-'dera brick stract^r*;
4EMt >«n.0l«: Bett < i^T cent.
Ivw. Uft cf aad • i«coa prot^ — -i
a. M. SPECS & CO.. •rr MarV»t ru crpcslt*
T**r=r.
T. R ?ALE -HEAP
.^.x-r^a and bath ectta«re*; - '- — pcrselala
fc%:a. *tc. oa Ver«>crt and i<ti tts-. near
'•<-■? •wa blocks to Slxte«=th-at. cart;
a.:zT. rxalx paj-n«st. balance a* rent.
AIM cheap ec<ta»t. S roca*. la Rl;haoa4.
STj Turker aye . near Oary *•-
ArplT W. irELEINO. rd Folwxa at.: boos*
<:-:. Sunday ffa I until % o'clx-k.
CiJkMOriERS 5-rooa cottace en bitua!ati»d
vtrert: let : \'.T also a tares 7-rooa h?ut«
ea P".erce et.. -•- Ha:rtt; h?uaet btrtU to
tdt pcrcha»*r: »asy tercsa. la<^lr% ca pr«a-
tt»». F. NELSTiN. fcrsllder.
t' FOR r.«w tcu*e cf 5 rocas ar.l let ftxlM.
tn Oakland: terat fJOO -»•"- balance S»r»r
nacstt: Jet ar.d bout* cost KM Inquire WJI.
HENDRICKSON * CO . Cl 4 Call bunlilag.
TT ran help yoa buy a facait by xd-anclac
th* n*ce*»ary acn*y. ACME DVILDING
ANT I CAN ASSOCIATION. 14 Pstt St.
T^.'.ri «a!e— A aaca'.fi^at comer. £»-rara: be»t
1 .~.zrf% pert cf McAllister rt. . crar.l »-
i e«tra«at. Pcx 1T.2. Call.
TOK sale <-h-*p: rew 2-rt?ry hrut»s: 7 roorr.s:
;*:*«t trr.prr^'eajeßtt: No* and HIU - . n«ar
. Oa>a-> tt. Cart: J>*teat sidewalk.
r<^7». tal«— Tw-j aodera flats: cjper flat wtta
Br.ftr.:»h»d attic: cse block frca N'.r.'.h and
i:»rket; cSer waat*l. Bex ITSS. Call cffk».
XF Tc-« ha»« lot* eorth cf Ooldea Oatt Park.
w»«t cf First aye.. and you wish to tell thea,
r»'i e« "W. J GtTNN. 410 M--;tr^n>ry tt.
CIIHAPEST and b*st la Aaertca— Th* Weekly
Call :i :**•«. »er.t to asy adireat IB th«
rr.lted States cr artda cae year for O.
f r «*»r» vr'.'i j
tit \: I — COT NTH — For Salt
TOR tale— p.aoca cf «♦" acra*. aear Plxley, Tu-
lare County: t-rxa house; cnjLael tub aad all
rr.- '.•-m luiiiiu**ißcsti; tlark*alth •hep. bara'
ar 1 t "-".*; ttrkitus* aiil water power; lanr-
ert «rt~»saa well la th* State. £3 win* UXt rai-
H-.t p<-r alnute; »ufflci«at trater ta lrt{»M '
'- " aer**; r«> acr»t fence>l with rabblt-procf I
. Jtnelrc. b*Usce fenc*d and crct«-f enced ; ta- ]
tr-vfrattf <r»t K«.r*o j y»ars ara: now rented I
f»r rsoc p-r y»ar. crj«t b« •«-4d at cac*. Ad- I
«!rrt» L. R. W., Call of2c». Oiklaai.
AN tae»r.i» Us* f,T ta> aad exchaar*. ~*
. U.acrrt; ricely iatr-;v»d: lnccae fruit aai '
S-^ : tlca rr * ae!i; ** 3c *" B « ?cs<sl - AlaraedA Coca- i
V» •«■ level an* r-=t!y r*:!ar lo«a: coa- •
- • t
' :2: 2 8>^ l t««MWw sal- of be« located
taad nchetit. r.irh.y cultivated ralley loara: near
.Nap*: or.ly S»»' acr»: w.->rti» r"Yi «jtf*vr"Uß !
rrng^xfa agent. «jaVket n. SIcKnLS - j
iX RARZ CHANCE. j
• Jchar.-.iiberr Sprsncs, the raao^s tuaaer -.
( ten and ysneyaria. Nap* Ccunty. all fur-
l nl'he.l aad equipped fcr tnsi-.«i« : hat 'ull '
1 h.-«se evrry s»a*otj and t »r t , wßerw B er cTer »
\j«-r c«=t ta lav^.?a*nt; autt be mdi at I
ItrraJ to »alt. or rt-nTM at cr.-e en account cf !
'trr.rr.edlat* departure cf cw-, r r., Eurcpe
• Fcr crap-h* and tiartieulan Inq-li-* of
j A. M. PPC-K A CO.. CC Market ttT 1
.*JC ACRES choice orchard er vineyard lanl-
' gr xßTca uzi c * m Co ■•
. CI ; t:APr?T and best In Aaer.ca-The Week!* !
.Call. It pac*«. test to any address In th* i
.«7r.Ued s:at«a or Canada ore je*r for SL !
ROOM* FOR nOCSEKEEPIXG.
A : . ; '-j». NCH offioe for the reception cf aiv^r-
t!**tser.ta aad •--• -r:j.t: r.« has b*ea o;«aed
- at 123 Potk rt.: cpen until I p. a.
Ct T HAN AN, CCt. cor. Feil— fiunry bay-win- '
..■Cow n>aa; poatry and kltchni; stove; tn. I
CLASSIFIED adverU»emeatt and cubserlptloea i
rt»«e:T*d at Call branrtj orOr*. H% Fillaore at, I
EIGHTH. »*B. near Market— Oa* or two raaay '
front r.-ican, with regular Xltcbeji; fum:»h<4 '
-for h«;i*keeplm; bath; rri\ate faiatly.
FIFTH. VA— S ccar.»-ctinjc furni#hed houa»ke>p- j
, Iror rooaa, tU; a'jj unrle nas.. SJ. II aad S7.
FX*'-TON. -21$— I er aore boasekeepinc rocas J
4 ** •»• aad cutf et^re aad nuuuaa; rutr. j
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
S^'iH. r*\ ae*r FultcT;-rifnTr.rBh«S hoase-
««-»ptrts; rooms; •aa of b*th.
HAKIUPON. 7^-Thrtw rooo-.n. raraishei cca-
t'it«- fcr hcuseVger'.rg; lat-ge J-«.rd: rer.t 112.
JESSIE, rj. ctar Fifth ar.d Market-! rocrr.t,
houne keeping. »; single, tt.
KXARNT. ZC—l unfurr.!sh->4 or Partly fur^
_Elahe<l rocnj, IS.
XATOMA. Cl. bet. Flr?t and Second— Two nice
ro.-m» to let: unfuml«hed. suitable fcr hou»e-
«e»Tjrr.e: rent reas«inable.
NATOMA> 7n - ccr - EJehth-Ywi larp» house-
tcee; .ax rooas fcr man and wife.
NINTH. *0. near Mar Vet —: vunnr ccnnectlr.s
fc:uv^ r :r.t rcorr.»; ttove; uat»r; sraa; JIC.
POWELL. GIV- Nicely rnrsUbcd frcnt rooa.
w.th lutcher; also frent sur.tiy parlcr.
SACRAMENTO. 1:14. bjet. nytle »nd Larkta^t
c-*ar.c -*ar. sunny frcnt rocas; ► - K m.r.:.\- furnished;
nwlera uarrcveaecu; lifhx hocjekeeptn* al-
lowed.
j I'WIUTR, O. -.ear *xrlc»t-«:r.?> or h?«s*-
Uee~:~ g recai.
TX\"ELFTH. ICr— A r^-r.y »ufte cf three it>oibs
for h-uwke*rlat.
WILLOW aye.. G*. n*ar Bycharaa-NV* tmti-
ny rxiißi; furniited *.-er:' n?cely. with bath;
;r.vate faaily.
HM.OM TO l^ar. cr. Jlasi :r.is. watesea. silver, s«al-
tk^rs. ptaai p. C--S. Vrc> Harr.s. 15 Grant a-
A P.R.VNCK office fcr Oil adverti*eaents aad
rubscrtrtirr.s ha* r*en established at th»
ccrthwert rcjmer of Tw^r.ty-sejor.d aad Eta-
tuefcy «tre»t». Opea ttetfl » p. a.
A n^ANCH effife f^-r Call adrertlsTaents %- i
•üb«-r:rt;rr.j has beer, eitatitihed at l«» Va-
lfr.-^ >t.
ROOMS TO 1.1 T — Kara, end lafara
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adrer-
tlserr.«nts tad rutscrtrtlcns has beea opened
at 123 Pclk »t.; opea ust:l 5 p. ■
A-ERUNSV.T.'K HOVSE. Hi Sixth— Roca»
&c tc V. r*T r-'PM: tl 13 t? j: r*r week, aad
licht ' '.•■• ■•: :t open ail tht.
j AT Hrtel Fraarttro. Turk and Taylor st».—
HcK»like h"t*e: modern »ervlc«; elevator;
bath: reoaas t-«e t» «1 W <U». MRS. J. KINO
j A— '•WALDORF." :C9 Powrll-Frcat suites and
tingle rooir.s. with cr without board.
BIKCH aye.. 16— Nice frcnt roca: \m cf
' attcfaea.
i BRODERICK. Z\S2— Larre tur.ny front rooa to
|J!!
• BVRNETT. •- Market 'old No. 13M)-Fur-
nifhed rers.. suite*, tirade; also cnfuralihed.
j CARROLTON. IT* Market. e:r. Golden Gate
I aye —Suar.y ccmer; well f-jrr.; rat. & offices
j CLA??iriED advcrtUemtsta and sub*crlptlcn«
received at Call hrar.ch otfiec, ZZ'O Fillmor* st.
ELLIS. !IS— Lar«r« rar.r.y rora; sjltahl* Tor :
f?ntl»ts«»:i: everything r.cw.
FELL. US— Suaay single. 1^; 2 iaubla, l- aad
fit: ;«* furniture; nuialac water.
, FOt'RTK. SI-.— Nicely famished sanay bay-
m-lndow and sla<le rocas: reasonable; quiet.
; FOCRTEENTH. 7TlA— Nicely furnished rocrr..
I suitable fT 1 yer.t>aen; also cne s'.ncle room.
| FR.ANKLIN. II <New> s rt>— Nice suaay bay-
wtrdew r--<— fcr : young; rsen: alao heusekpe
1 GEARY. 14A— Changed hands; ruany frcnt
suites: aleo ether rocas: reasocatle.
GEARY it . rear Powell— A brirht. surer
roota in private faaily. suitable fcr lady or
»»-.:.--»: reference required. Box 1271, Call.
GEART. ira— ESerar.t bay- window unfurnished
Cat. t rootr.s, bath. raj. clceets; (IS.
GIRARD H;use— :« S«r»ath— Suaay fnmlshed
rooas; day or week: re»sciuib!a,
CT» VXD SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Sevtnth
art i:..«:i.:. ill ft! mil rocas, en Kit* «r
t'.sfie: l»<S>s' parlcr: reading room, elevator.
Hancock H<n»-. tsi Mi?«aoa— select taxaily
I rcca:r.f he--*"?: f1 y t~ $£ per week.
; JESSIE. Vh- Larrt frost rooa: also ether
rccat; c-atlea»a pr«ferr«-I.
j JONES. 415— Newly furr.'.th*-! «nr.ny rette: a.so
1 larire m^r.y rooa. tuitablt Jcr two.
HOWARD. T.i— ?>o man* -<iei. Blcely fur-
clched: every convenience; electrte lights.
HOWARD. — CSeaA. re*;-eci*b'.e. lie to I. per
c'.ffht: frca SI per week to S3: Howard--: car
to th* doer.
I-- - -
■ MCALLISTER. t;t.4 — i a!c« rocas far hcuse-
k«••;.-►k «••;.-► also «:-c> and suites: bath: v*m.
J MINNA. W7. ccmtr t^.gtin— Newly furnished
bay-wirlcw roca. II per week: traasieat.
NE"K" Ar*»l.-.rtcn. ICl* M»rk-<-N'.irely famished ;
::•- day up: C ■*"-. up: transtest.
OFaRSELL, S»— sarny .tailed rooms and
cfice*; «l«vatcr: electric lirkts; day. »l. iro.
PErvRY. Ifi near Fifth-IU: 4 unfjiralshed; all j
lar»«. light tuary ro^rfti.
ROSEDALE. ai EUU. nr. Taylor— lso rootas:
Si a right: SI a w««k: transient.
, RCYAL Bo*M. IK Ellis «t - Incar.de«-»at
I:*!-!, readln^-rooa. sackinj-rooa *- ! ladtea*
parlor: mcas. : -- r.ieht. SSc to SI 63; week. SI
♦ - St; acnth. 0 to IK clevater an of3c« Sjor. ,
rocas wnh net. cold water: *. atha.
' SHERMAN Apartaer-t H?t:*». H Elrhth St..
n»*r Market— Furnished ar.d unfurnished.
' SVTTER. "V.— Office of latt Dr. Robertson; also
ether rur.ny, har.dt^a* r-<ca».
: THE Oaks, 11 J Third— A jrool rt>oal=r hous*
frr rood p>rr!e. R. HVGHES. Proprietor.
! TVRK. 117— Nlc« taany n^orr* frora S3. M and
SS: roc4n« for roea an] wives, SJSSI3 per mo.
I A BRANCH cffi<-< for Call adv»rt!seaeata and
•übacrtßttooa has beea established at th«
tvorthwut ceraer cf : w»-ty-«ecood aad Ken-
tt:tky «t>. Cr~v- till I p. a.
• A BRANCH office fcr Call advert'.teaents *.t;
robecnptlcas has be*- evtablLahed at I<*« Vi
l»n^lr. «t.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
' LADiS^-Chrehest»r's iEririls^P^.ayrcyal SKi
a— the t- rt safe, reliable; take no other:
t»r.d 4c staaps fcr particulars "Relief fcr
!.«-.«». tn Utter by return ma:;, at drug-
rlrts Ch!rh»«t-r Ch»m!cal Co.. PhnadeL. Pa.
: EAr> tenants ••-?«--.•-! aad*:
city rr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION (X>..
415 M-»tfF«T tt.. rty.rr* <-?0: •• •-*■
; lEWISIG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
< I! MONTHLT. raited: repaired, boncht. told;
nr.ach'.r.e sapplle*. 143 Sixth, phone Mint 41
ALL kinds b>:urht. »c! 4. exrhansed, rented; rt-
pairinc at Icwert ratts. JK Frurth ..
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
: PIERCE- ROr^LJ^H^Torm'i-e' Tad' MwrlaV" Ct>^
Office. 411 Pa« «t., cor. Ptswell: te 1 .. M*ia 571 J.
CALA. Storage Wareaocw. F. SMITH, prop.,
TO Mintiin: coods r^*rant»^: tel. Clay JS.
at< M REPAIKI.\G.
• .11-11 ir j-i  1 ■ .11^ ■ » , n ■ ■ .111 r - - - 1
i WATCHES cleaned 75c: guaranteed I years.
T>» R-y Jewlry aad Orti'al Co.. 540 Kearny.
I ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMi;n\ REAL ESTATE.
A HOME! *
Send d«*rr!r>t!on. condition and locatloa: I
will find you on*. C R. DE.NKE ?R . I 40«
Webster •• . Alaae>*.a,
A LAMED A ROOM ASO BOARD.
NOME fcr ladies In delicate health: Tarre
crounds : private. MRS. DR. FtrNKE. 14H sth. !
I BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
S ELEGANT »-roa cJonial h^aes adjacent '
University of Cal.; Just coap!»te4; porcelain '
bath: fir.itheU in natural wood; an modern
c;s»»s'.t3^f : »unny fronia«e; t»nsi If de- j
•Ired. M. L. VfI'UTS. 17th A H'w«y. OakUnd. !
MVST be »old— Nice resMence ef t rooaa; all
Modern: fine location ; tarn. ta_nk and tar.k-
house; large gTr-urd»; beautifully laid cut:
a tAcrlflc-: ir.ake cl»r. O^n^r. box I*o7. Call.
10 L/VTS in Tterk»>y cut for a quick tale. E. !
E. BfNCF.. ys nroadw^y. Q-ikiard.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A-m CAShTm raoathly till paid; ""chicken ru a*;
Z2xZ4 fe«t: price, all told. tl50; level land;
t*-. :y lean. S to 7 fret deep; no adobe; plenty
of coed water: at" and climate superb: no
e^ld wtztda cr foes here; build your home or
»• will build far you; stop paylar rent: near
•lectrlr ftn and *0-foot-wld# boulevard; not !
far frcm a fire school: We»tall tract, adjoia-
tr^r East Oakland: call or »»n4 for circular*.
4i5 Seventh St.. near cor. -ad may. Oakland;
famac" free. HENRT Z. JONES. Owner.
• ELEOANT h«uses ■ - rounte of con»truct!ca '
en SM *t.. b»t. .rove an.l West; X completed;
all aodera lar«roTeaents ; str*»t irk. tlde-
w»rVt Cms*; tmail payment am: balance
tncnthlv If d»»lred: hou»*» cpen for Inspection
V' tn 4 SuTVlsy. J. n. SIMPSON. SIS gth ••
OAKLAXp Kin.MTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhait. th«
tttrmltun «^al«r. UU. »ad Fraaklla, CakiasJ. ,
IHK SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1*99.
DIVIDE.VO .\OTICES.
JnrrVAL Electric Llsht CO.—X aoathly <llvl-
•«W ONo. 3j of eisht (S) cents per share en
the Issued capital stock of the coapaay has
been declared, payable at the office ME the
ecapany. «17 Howard St.. San Francisco, oa
*>oeaber «. 1^53. Transfer bocks close ca No-
vember n. vm. at 4 o'clock p. a.
! JAMES FISHER. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. S9 (fifty cents
f~r share) of the OCEANIC STEAiISHIP
COMPANY, will b* payable at the office of
th» coacany. 337 Market St.. on and after
FRIDAT. Deoeaber 1. 1533 Transfer books
will ck«- on SATURDAY. Noveaber S3. 1533.
at i: o'clock a.
E. •■• .gH~LTV^N. Secretary.
LEGAL AUVEHTISE3IEXTS.
IN the Superior Court cf the City ar.d County
cf San Francisco. State cf California.— ln the
aatter of Occidental Beet Susar Ccapany, a
corpcratlcn. upon Its application for a Judj-
taent of dissolution.— Notice No. 70.422.
Notice Is hereby riven that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
; ranited and exl.vlr.« under and by virtue of
the laws of the ijtate of California, and hav-
ing its office and p'.ace of business In the city
ar.d county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified appltcatlca ad-
Cr»s*»d to the Superior Court of the city and
couaty cf San Franrlsco. S;ate cf Callfprr.la.
which application Is eisred by a aajority «t
l ** Beard cf Directors, praying for a Jod&-
laent of dissolution cf tak! corporation. and
I that Friday. Deceaber rn4 ISS9. at 10 o'clock
•- a:., at the ccurtroca o( said court. De-
partaer.t Nuafcer Two. la the City Han of
the City ar.d County of San Francisco, hare
been i appointed at the day. tta* and plan for
the hearing of said _-....
In witness whereof I have -set ay
band and affixed the official seal of «a»d Su-
pertpr Court, this ICth day of Noveaber. 1S».
r?fall XVM A. DEAXE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed N'onmber to. \*n WM.
A DEAXE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
I>raty Clerk. '
PROPOSALS.
I -«~
PROPOSALS
For Materials for Repairs to Street*.
I CLERK'S Office. Board of Supervisors, San
Francisco. Noveaber 2S. 1?39.
In a^ecrdance with Resolution No. >730
(Fourth Series) of the Board cf Supervisors,
SEALKD PROPOSALS will be received In
c;~n s**slon of the Hoard of Sip*r\tscrs on
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON. December «.
li^». froa S:*> to S o'clock, for furnishing and
delivering the following aatertais, at such
tiaes ar.d places en the water front «eseept
where ctherwij* pr*vlde<l>. as aay t< required
and deelgT.ated ty the Superintendent Of Pub-
lic Streets, etc.. and his successor In offlc«.
froa Deceaber 1. 1533. to Deceater I. ISC>\
for repairs to public streets, to the ratlsrac-
t!on of the CcJcaltte* en Public Streets.
Highways ar.d Squares, the Superintendent
cf Public Streets and h'.s successor la office.
LUMBER— Of the best quality Or**on pin*
and redwood, assorted eir^s. as aay be re-
I q-lred from tlm< to tla*. to be delivered at
the !un;fc»»r yard of the successful bidder la
this city ar.d county at each tiaes aad in
such quantities a* may be required.
CALIFORNIA BASALT BLOCKS-Bert
c/uility. to t-e net l»ss than J»4 nor acre thaa
4^ Inches in thickness and not lees thaa 7
tnchet la depth, and ••■-•' • aor more
thaa 12 laches in lenrth. well squared ar.i
free frca all Saws, jap and bucefces. Said
blocks r.n be delivered In such quantities ar. i
at ruch tiaes and places ca the water frcn:
a» rr.ay be •--' and designated by the
Superintendent of Public Streets, Highways
and Square*.
GRAVEL— To ba of rood quality beaca
travel, fre« frca sasl and dirt.
r.KIOK— HanI-burnei. of the •-«t quality
PORTLAND CEMENT-Of the best quality.
I which. aft*r be-!n« alxed one week, rr.ust chow
a t»r.*lle ttrenrth pf 100 pounds to the square
Inch. t» tw delivered at the, plac* of business
of th- tuccossful bidder.
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate with th»
uni»r?tar.disr that bids W.U be entertained
only frca the parties knows to be rerular
d^a>rs la the aaterlal required, and that the
Bf^ard of Eur-ervtscrs intends- to award e«pa-
rat-»l}- each kind of aatertal required to tb*
-cwest res;>.-xstb!' bidder therefor, and bid-
ders will state •. price for luaber by the l<v*
feet, for basalt blocks end bricks by the 15«).
rravel by the, tea. and cement by th* barrel
fcr each cf th* several kinds, and must fur-
nish a si— -> of basalt ttcne. which they pro-
p-s* to furnish, to the Coaaitt»e on Streets,
before the contract for blocks la awarded
The blddert will be required to deposit with
the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors a certl-
fl*4 check drawn to the onler of aaid clerk.
j u;cn tcrne bank In the City ar.l County of
San Fra.-.clsco. ta th* na cf cne thrusar.d
(SlSOf) 4ull*r« >• irold cola, conditioned If th«
pr-prwl 1* accepted and the contract award-
ed, ar.d if the tUMer thai! rail or neglect to
pay the prtntia* char»e«. execute the cm
tract aad give th* bund required within six
Can after th* award is aade, then and in
that cate the said sua shall be paid Into the
City aad County Treasury by said Clerk at
liquidated daaa«es for such failure aad ne«- 1
lect. '
Tt* Sap»Hntea<Jent cf Public Streets and
his nrrresaor la office will b* require-1 to re-
pcrt laia^diately to the Board of Supervisors
any failure upon the part of the contractor to
perfena any of th* covenants 00 hit [art In
said contract ccntalted. and upon receipt of
such notlacatlcn the Board of Supervisors
thall teratnat* said ccntract. and the. same
shall absolutely c*a»e and det»ralne
NOTICE-Bldders will estlmat* with th*
eisUact understardtnc that the party or par-
U»s to whom a contract Is awarded for each
kind of catena! will b» rv>qmre.i, prior ts> or
at the lia* of the execution of the ccntract.
to pay one-fifth the cost of adverU»tn« this
?w"V? ''5 t!lr **d*Uy newspapers; also, that
th* Tjrther right Is res-ned by th* Board of
Supervisors to terainate the contract at any
t r"'f, ! : th * vas } y cr I'*«>*9 to when the saa*
shall b« awarded ehall not p*rfora the wcrk
to the entire satisfaction of th* Bopertntead-
*"\ °i 61 ' 0 his successor la offic-
a- : the Beard of Supervisors
K.J h *., BB t trd C**^'* th * ri * ht •3 reject all
bids if the public goni to recalre.
B.ank prcpcaa-.s famished by the CI«-k
JNO A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
PROPOSALS. ~
ror ' « rrJ>^ J =* carpeu ar.l cork carpets for |
the Hall cf Justlc* a.-.i Morrue bulldl=7s.
Office of the cJ»rk cf the B^Lrd of Sur*r-
vl^rs cf the Cltr and County of Saa Fran-
SS^SrS*"&i^^?*C Ia »«°rtaoc« with
maotlOQ No. rm ifrurth series* of the Board
I of j-up-rvisors. t*aied proposals will b*r^-
eelved la cpea sett'oa cf the Board of Bur«r-
1 ri^™ on u *^nesUay afternoon. P-cember <
■ tr« from 2:33 to 3 o'clock, for furalfhla« all
, the carpet* and cork carpets fcr the Hall of
! Ju«lc» and M^rirJe ba!ldlr.«s under the dlre--
I Uon aad to th« tattafactloa of Mewre. Shea &
: BuTm-* 1^ * Ct *' an<l th<? Ccjr ' mllte « oa PuUic
I All the aaterial furalnhed and the work of
• l&yln* th* carpett and ccrk carpets to be din*
I under the direction and to the satlsfactloa of
, Messrs. She* A Shea, architects, and the Com-
! aitt*- en Public Building.
j And It Is to b* distinctly understood U.at
elcht hours ehall constitute a days work for
pertor.l eaployed or. the abor* work, and that
th* nlniaum rat* of wng»s to be paid snail '
! be two <s:i dollars p*r day.
Ridders will -•.mat. and state a price on i
! the r«n«vtss subdlvl,lons of th* material to :
' be. saprtl*.l an.l work p«rforrn»d, to wit-
Fir?t-Fcr all <-arp*t.«. first quality body ■
a-uss*lt: sewed, laid and lined. T
Second— Fcr a:; cork carpets, first quality |
laid.
Third— For all window thadet, first quality
opaqu*: wir*d an«l hun* coaplete.
Bwlde« will state th« price per yard for
which they will furalth the carpets awl corK '
carf'tt. also for each window «hade u:nler '
I th* direction and tc th« tati»faetlon of M^«srt
Sh*a A Shea, architects, and th» Cocmlttee
oa Public Bulldlr.**. lle *
H\M»n will subalt with their bli saacl-t
of ail material bid upon and state a .•epa.rit* '
Bri fcr each character of aaterial s-jh-
alt ted. - :
Bidders will bM with the distinct u-l«--
I ttandtnr that separate contract! will be award-
ed for *«eh class to th* lowest respor.slbl*
j bidder.
The party or parties to whom each on* <if
th* contracts aay b* awarded will be required
prlcr to cr at the tlae of the •!•:•!. r cf 'he
contractv to paj one-third the cost o; adver-
j tlrlnx this twitlce In three daily n«ws[*p*r»
j and each suw*«>tul bidder to also pay the ©out
f of the publication m th» official newsparxr of
I the resclutlcn attarling him his contract
m ort»r to fr*s*rve unlforalty lirf to facili-
...... zward the board has rew>lv«><i to re-
ceive no Md unless m»»^» upon M^nk forirs
pr-; ■»-- by the coan-.ltt*e and a etrU3*d
cfceO on toae Jiank In th» Oty and County
! of Pan Frartclyro fir the nm of fir- but lr*d '
! (I'M) do'.Urs d»pc*lted by th* bidder with his '
! fcld ar.d mad* payable to the clerk, of the
! lizard of Supervisors. condmoc*d if th* pro- ,
t ; »i. :- •»:•-•'. and the contract award-d
1 and if -the bidder thai! fail or n*£l*ct to \+y
the> printing charr**. ejt»^;t» th* contract and
trlve the required bend within six days after
i the award It aad*. then and la that ca*j the
I tsld wm shuli »■<* MrtlActM an<l paid Into th*
I city ar.d county treasury by »a!d cl*rk as liqui-
date') daaares for surh failure and Deflect
Blanks furnish*d by the clerk.
The board r**«rves the right to rel«ct all
btda-lf th* public rood so r-^ulre •
j • JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
. PROPOSALS for military (applies, M Yew !
Jl-ntVomery « . «an Francisco. Cal. No-
vember 18. IS3>— Sealed proposals la tripli-
cate will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. a.. Noreater J». lia». and then opened
for furnishing hatchets, thcvels ax. plcka\i;'
and hatchet helves, aoaqult* h»ad nets and
•«• • pin*. Prefereac* will be rlvea to ar- '
ticle* of doaertle production an! manufac-
ture, conditions of prlc* and quality twin*
equal «'n<-!udlng In the pr of foreign rro-
duct'.otu the duty th«reoa) and such refer-
ence glv»r to articles cf Aaeriean pnMuc-
tlon aad aacufactur* produced on the Pacts'*
Ccaat to the extent oX the ccasuaptlon re-
eulred by the public serrlc* them Tb*
Lnlted State* reserves the rlrht to accept or
reject any er all propo-als cr any part there-
of. --«al« for Jeliv-ry at oth-r points win i
b» entertained. Information and blank cro- i
poaali furnlth*d on application. Envelopes :
will be Indorsed ••Propc«al)i for Military Sop- !
plies. No TiM • aad addressed CAPTAIN '
r^Sif-if- LONO. As»«-ant wuartermaater. !
Lnlted Slates Aray. Dapot . Quartermaster.
c " X . Ap EST and best la Amertea-Thr Weekly
Of* 1« P««es. ** Nt t0 * a v addresa in the |
L altM State* or Canada, oa« y**r for 11.
poctage paid. I
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marrtiure U~»«efl have been issued as follows:
Thcraas T. R-2*e and Amelia E. Kin? 3S-t«
Oastav a AdiMphscn and Hilda Olson ... 34-34
J. H. Quadt and Emma Fenstermacher... .ll-23
Wmiun E. Boyd and Maud Heywood '4-tJ
Joseph Martowftz and Rebecca Benjamin.. 23-tt
Fred C. Heineinann ar. I Edith Snovr ..3-20
Harry J. Moore and Daisy E. Onran *S-:j
•William Sheridan and Loots* a Ryan 3S-S
Jan-»« A. KeUaoa and Lilian F. Curtis 0-33
Robert McCillum and Marguerite Pashlon..3l-lS
J. A. de la Fontaine and Grace A. McG'.na.li-IM
Tomas R. Rivera ftnd Clara A. Anaya 35-11
Martin G. Brar.dt and Annie Keeean 3S-£j
Charles J. Ke'.ra r.nd Sadie E. WUde U-\3
Louis C. Miller and Err.n-.a G. Koch *0-; i
B IRTHS — HARRIAGES DEATHS.
Birth. ir».rrla«e ar.d death notice* sent by
rr.all will not be inserted. They must be handed
la at either cf the publication <jrm*s and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
. Mi] authorized to have the mm* published.
BORN.
1 BOTLE— In this city. November «. '•«»». to
the wife ot William Boyle, a son.
EMIGH-Near Rto Vieta. Cal.. November 25.
I%:^. to the wiJe cf James L. Em-jh. twin
sons.
FENNEMA— In Elmhcrst, November X 1539. to
! the wife of Cfcarfes Fennema. twin daurhter*.
LEVY— In this city. November Si. IS?J. to the
wire -,; Fred H. Levy, a daartter.
"married.
I ARZAVB-«IL.VER-In Reno. Nev.. November
13. IS?3. by District Jud&e B. F. Curler. Juan
Jose Arrare and Esther R. Sliver, both of
San Francisco.
CARLE— RfEHLE— in — c'.ty. November !5.
IMS. by the Key. J. G. Mangold. George Carte
and Emma R^iehle.
_ DIED
Alexander. J. A. Ma THHlam TV.
Bailey. Patrick Matting. Walter
C.lls, Carrie Mattow. ran* L.
Crowley. lira. J. Merrill. Maria A
Dictrick. Sterer H. Mershon. Manraret E.
Fimsgton, James C. Moran. Mrs. Nellie
Fenr.ecia Un;ant) Mulqueeney. James
Flick. William F. Hum«<.. Vers. F.
Grcss. John C. Stone. Peter V.
Holmes Laura E. Thompson, Josephine
MoUvrmott. Joseph J. VVlnton. Isabella G.
UeKe&oa, Hugh
i ALEXANDER— la this city. November K. 1530.
J. A. under, a native ct France. ar*«i
TS years,
4 BA.ILET— In this city. November IT. Ij. Pat-
rick. b*love<l husband of the late Ruth Aan
Dailey _.-;>■ beloved father of WU'.lara and
Annie Bailey, and brother Cf Henry Bailey.
a native of Ccur.ty Lcuta. Ireland, aged 63
years.
C7"Nct!ee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at tha funeral parlor* of McGinn Bros.. II
Eddy Krret.
1 CILLS — In this city. November It. 1533. Carrie
Oils, a native ot Rhode isSaad. ac»d «T years.
I CROWI In this e-.ty. November IT. Mi. at
her residence. 33J0 Seventeenth street. Mrs.
Johaanah. relict of tie late Florence Crow-
ley.
Er7"Nct!ce of funeral hereafter.
DICTRICK— In Saa Ltandro. November IT. ISW.
Sterer H. Dictrick. belove-1 hustand of Min-
nie Dtctrtck. and father cf Ilia, Henrj- and
Eraeit Dictrick a natlv* cf Germany, aged
« years 2 months and » days.
C7Fner.ds and aca^alatances are resr*ct-
futly Invited to attend the funeral services
Thundav. November it. at 2 o'clock, at h:s
late res'.ienc-- in ?an Leandro. Interment San
L^andro C»m«ter}*-
FARRINGTON— In this city. November fT. 1«S.
James C. tel-:v«i sea of Peter and D»?lia
Farr'.r.irtcn. a r.itlve of Saa Francisco. a«-i
11 months and 15 days.
CTTfce funeral will take clace th!s day
(Tu»siar). at 1 o'clock, from the parent*"
residence. Til lowa street. Potrero. Interment
private. Holy Cre«« Cem<t»r}*-
FENNEMA— In Eimhurst. November ?4. ISM,
infant daughter of Charles Fennema.
• FLICK— In this ettv. November M ISM. Wll-
! llam F. Flick, a native -• Pennsylvania, aged
7% rears.
tlr Friend* ar.d »csualntar.ees are resr*ct-
ful'.y Invited t» «ttend the funeral thl» day
fTuesday), at . o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets, un-
der the ausjlees of Occidental Lcd*e No. —
F. and A. M Interment Masonla C»m-tery.
GROSS — In this C.ty, November IS. li*). at his
residence Mil Washlnrtca street, J->ha C.
Gr-ss b*l»ved father cf Mrs. J. B. Neeiham.
Charles W. Groes and the late Mrs. F. Sttmp-
tcn, a native cf Baltimore, Ml., ate i 75
y*ar» ar.d $ ir.cnt-s.
CTFrier.is are ■Tsr»ctf'ttny lnvtt^l to at-
tend the funeral services this day »Tue»day).
at I o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall. Interment
Or! 1 Fellows' Cemetery.
HOLMES— In this city. November JT. 1559.
Luura Etta, beloved wife ot William E.
Holmes, daushter of J. M. and Ella M.
h-i- ..— . ar.d sliter of Mrs. M. H. Fonda. Mrs.
B. E. RoN-rt*. Mrs. C. C. White. Charles
Dale and Howard Range, a native of Call-
f Tcla. aged ?« years S month* and 18 days.
CT Remains at the residence A her uncle.
Mr. J. T. Root. 751 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terroem at Holltster.
McDF.RMOTT— In this city. November M. 1533,
Joeeph James, con of Catherine and the late
James Mcl>rmott. and brother of Mrs. Mary
E. Ompeey. a native of New York.
CTThe funeral will take place this dar
(Tueedajj. at 131 o'clock, from his '.ate resl-
G-ne*. V&* Florida street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for pervlces at : o'clock. In-
t'rment Mount Calvary Cemeterj'-
McKSNNA— In this city. November IS -An.
" Hugh, betored s;n of Bernard and Catherine
McKer.na, a native of San Francisco, aged
« r.iT.tl-s.
MACY— In this city, November K. 1535. Wil-
liam W. Macy. beloved m of the late Cap-
tain D. F. and Mary F. Macy. sn-I brother cf
Mrs. E. J. C.Vfnn and Mrs. C. P. Gibbons, a
native of Maj«achu>ett«. aged C' year* (
months acd IS days.
MATTING— In this city. November 1" 1533.
Walter, beloved son of William and Mar}
Matting, anil brother of Fritxie Kan . a
native of San Francisco* ag*l 3 years (
nv.nths and 17 days.
MATTOW— In this city. November 27, IT%.
Frank I*. Mattow, beloved hu*fcaM of L'.na
Mattow. and trother-ln-law of Mrs. J. Ben-
der, a native of Berlin. Germany. ar?d ii
j-*-ars S months and -. days.
MERRILL— In this city. November X, :r»«
Maria A., wife of Frank H. Merrill, and
mother cf Albert 11.. Fr*d T.. Frank W. and
George A. Merrill and Mrs Mary Mill-r. a
cative cf Sedgwlck, Me., ared -. years.
C7"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the fun»ral to-morrow rw^Jn*«.iay). at
1 o'cl<>?k. from Trinity M E. Church, corner
Sixteenth. Noe and Market streets. Inter-
rri-nt O«!d Fellows' Cemetery.
MERPHON— In this city. No\-ember ■ Ml
Margaret Elizabeth, belored wife of Lewi*
Ca.«s Mershcn. and ... cf Mrs. Hattl»
Lewis and Ca#s M*-rshon. a native of Penn-
sylvania. a«red Si years S months and 11 days.
(lowa p*r*rs please copy.)
CVFrl»nd« and acquaintances are renpect-
fallv Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at I:K> o'clock, '■■» the r^ldenc*
of her daughter, ZZI Valencia str»*t, th«- - by
funeral car. corner Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets, at ! o'clock. Interment Cypress
Lawr. CetKt»ry.
MORAN— In Sacramento, November ■ Is>».
Mr« NVUie Ml ran. a native of California,
eared 14 years.
MULQCEENEY— In Oaklar.4. November Uk
US9. '»rr."s Henry MulQueeney. belove<i eoa of
Js.m*s and Bridget Mulqueeaer. a native of
Oakland, aged II years.
RUSSELL— In this city. November K. 1199.
Vera F.. (-^ red daughter of Will! an H. and
Clara B. Rut»»ll. a native of San Francisco,
aged I years 13 months and ft days.
C7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the faseral this day
(Tuesday), at ! o'clock, from the ramily AM-
der.ee. «25C Natama street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
STONE— In this ctty. November r. IJK9. at the
residence of his sister. Mr*. Thomas J.
Cancy. 30" Seventeenth street. Peter V.. be-
loved husband of the late Frances A. Stone,
and beloved father if Raymond and Everett
Stone, a natlv# of San rranclsco. aged 34
years and 1 months.
C7 1 Notice cf funeral hereafter.
THOMPSON— In thU city. November 17. IS*».
Josephine Elizabeth, wife of James A.
Thompson.
Funeral and Interment private.
WINTON— At her residence. 110 Ninth street.
Oalf.anl. November 17. ISM. Isabella 0.,
widow of the late N. W. W'.nton. a native of
Gen»va. N. V
Funeral service* to-raorrow (We-Jn»s-
&*y). at U o'clock, at the chapel of the First
Pr»sbytertan Church. Interm»nt private.
TOtTNG MEN"? CATHOLIC UNION— A re-
•julem high ma«s for the repce* of the trml*
of the dee»a!»*d members cf the T iac Mim'i
Catholic Union will be celebrated in St.
Mary's Cathedral, commencing at 10 o'clock,
on Thill ■<■/. November 30 (Thanksgiving
day) Members and their relatives and
fri/nds and the relative* and friends of de-
ceased member* are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
fgaeceseor* to Flannaran A Gall*Th«?)
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMOALMnr.3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Ltnoln .-*chv»3L
Telephone South 10.
EXPLOSION OF GIANT ~~~
POWDER WRECKS A HOUSE
Mrs. FTed Geiger of Gold Flat Ii In-
jured by a Most Peculiar
Accident.
NEVADA CITY, Nov. 27.— Fred Geiper
left nine sticks of riant powder and sixty
giant powder caps In the kitchen cud-
board at his house on Gold Flat- The
bous«^cauKht lire to-day, exploding the
powder and the cap« ana totally demol-
ishing the kitchen. Mrs. GeUcer was just
entering the hous* as the explosion oc-
curred- She was lifted In the air and
thrown twenty feet by the force of the
explosion, receiving; a cut on the scalp as
she landed on her bead. She will re- i
cover.
GOOD BEER NOT
MADE FROM CORN
Thus Declares Brewer
Busch.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON*. Nov. r.-Adolphus
Busch of the Anheu«er-Busch Brewing
Com; of St. Louis to-day took a posi
tion before the Senate Committee on Man
ufactures antagonistic to that taken by
many other brewers who have testified
before the committee. He appeared be
fore the committee In connection with Its
Investigation of food adulterations and. In
reply to questions from Senators Mason
and Harris, said that the best beer could
be raatfe only of barley malt, hops and
water; that while corn might b« used for
ordinary beer, the best article could not
be made from It. He contended that a
proper process of aging was the only
proper preservative of beer and that bo
racfc and salicylic adds were injurious
and deleterious to health. He recom
mended a law axlnp a minimum of malt
extract and other materials entering into
the production of beer.
At the afternoon session of the com
mittee the testimony of a number of
American champigne-makers was heard.
They were: \V. E. Hildreth. president of
the Vrbar.a Wine Company; E. R. Emer
son, president of the Brotherhood Wine
Company; D. G. Cook, president of the
American Wine Company; D. B. Auder.
president of the Pleasant Valley Wlae
Company, and C. G. Wheeler, president of
the Lake Keuka Wine Company.
Their testimony was directed toward
showing the superiority of American
wine* over the foreign, and they con
demned In unmeasured terms the practice
of sending abroad cheap, adulterated
wines from this country and bringing
them back decorated with foreign lab<??».
They favored legislation making It a
felony to counterfeit labels and trade
marks and urged prohibition of importa
tion of American wines which have been
sent abroad and returned adulterated.
They asserted that 60 per cent ofthe Im
ported still wines and a large percentage
of the champagne* were doctored"
American wlni»s.
SPREAD OF BUBONIC
PLAGUE PREVENTED
Effectiveness of Precautions Taken
in the Case of the J. W.
Taylor.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27.-The plague
stricken steamer J. W. Taylor is still
at anchor ofT the quarantine station, dis
charging the cargo of coffee Into light
ers. Over half the cargo Is discharged.
The patients at Swinburne Island are
nearly recovered. No new cases of the
disease have developed. In discharging
the cargo a number of dead rats hax-e
been found, showing that the preliminary
disinfection of the cargo has been suc
cessful.
Nothing has been decided about the
final disposition of the cargo of the ves
seL The Prince line steamer Roman
Prince, which arrived thts morning, has
been disinfected, but has been held at
quarantine, where the cargo has been dis
charged into ..phters. The New York
City Board of Health will consider the
question of the landing of the cargo and
the dockire of the steamer.
WILL KILL WHALES
WITH ELECTRIC GUN
Japanese Invents a Weapon That Is
Said to Be Satisfactory in
Every Bespect.
MONTEREY. Nov. 27.— A new device
for killing whale* Is about to be put Into
operation by the Japanese Whaling Com
pany of this place. It Is. a machine qua
operated by electricity, and Its missile Is
an Iron arrow attached to a S»)-yard elec
tric wire. The cun measures l s^ Inches at
the muzzle and can be fired in any di
rection from its position in the bow of a
whale boat by means of a revolving car
riag«. The new weapon is the invention
of a Japanese by the name of Kawahara.
ar.d Is said to be the • ■ ■-• srun of the
kind ever used In whaling. Trials of It
are said to have proven very '.-isfac
tor. and the Monterey Whaling Company
is now about to pvc» It a practical test. If
successful they Intend equipping all their
whaling boats with the new gun.
SUES FOR 325.000.
Prominent Railway Promoter Wants
His Salary.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 27.— Some time
ago Colonel A. 11. Miller brought suit as
the assignee of James Campbell against
A. A Daugherty of the Randsburg Rail
way to recover an amount of stock In the
railway company which the plaintiff
ctalmM was due him. In th» original
complaint It was asserted that in De
cember. I*'.H. th« defendant 'associated
himself with Mr. Campbell, who had suc
cesstfully promoted several railway ven
tures, for the purpose of building a line
from the Atlantic and Pacific Railway to
Randsbunr. It was claimed that through
Mr. Campbell's Influence Dausherty was
enabled to make advantageous contracts
for rails and other supplies. To-day an
amended complaint was filed by Colonel
Miller. The services are said to have been
worth the sum of $25.fi«*l. and no part of
that sum had twen paid. so plaintiff aV«£g
for that amount and costs.
Mr Campbell 'ls. he claims, a railway
man of ---at experience. Ke was con
nected with the building of the Central
Pacific and was one of th« division super
intendent* of that road.
BRYAN A CERTAFNTT.
Croker on the Democratic Presiden
tial Nomination.
NEW YORK. Nov. 27— Richard Croker.
who Is to sail for Europe to-morrow, was
interviewed to-day at the Democratic
Club. He said:
"I want to say before my departure for
Europe that William J. Bryan will be the
standard-bearer of the Democratic party
in the next national campaign. The fight
Will be ajpinat trusts and Imperialism,
and Mr. Bryan is the only man to lead
such a fight. Tammany Hall will give
him Its heartiest support, you may rest
assured of that. No running mate for Mr.
Bryan has b*en selected yet. Several
names have been under consideration, but
no decision has been arrived at."
WARRANT FOR H. WEniSTOCK
Placerville Man Seeks the Arrest of
the Merchant.
Pt.ACERVIL.LE. Nov. -A warrant
■ was to-day !«sued out of the Justices*
j Court of Diamond Springs Township upon
I the Information of John B. Pexton of this
i city against H. Welnstock of the firm of
I Welnstoek & Lubln of Sacramento, charp-
L lr.g Weinstock with the commission of a
! felony for violating section 317 of the
1 Penal Code. The complaining witness al
• lejres that defendant Weinstock %-lolated
> the section In advertising in the annual
catalogue Issued by the firm an article
• prohibited by the statute.
An officer will leave here In th« morn
| Ing to arrest W«lnst«Ht
Lo««s Her Fingvr.
PACIFIC GROVE. Nov. 27.— Mrs. M. E.
I^awrey, a prominent resident of this city
and one of the State's earliest pioneers. i
ha* just undergone a painful surgical ope
ration. m* we*ks ago a window fell '
upon her ri«fht hand, badly mashing-, as
wo* then believed, the third flnjrer.
Thinking the hurt was not of a s-oriou-"
nature, she applied i m- simple curative ■
and bound the injured member in .1 stiff
bandage. Instead of improving, however,
the finrer grew worse, and Mr?. Lawrey
suffered such intense pain in the hand
and arm that eh*- found It necessary :o
consult a physician. When the bandage
was removed it was found (hat gangrene
had set In and the finger had to be am
putated.
Officers Installed.
PACIFIC OROVE, Nov. 27.— The follow
ing officers of Ocean Spray Chapter No.
65. Order of th* Eastern Star. haTe b«r«n
installed to serve (turing the ensuing ',
year: "Worthy matron, Mrs. Annie Ellis; '
worthy patron. D. B. Fifleld; associate i
matron. Carrie Mitchell; secretary, Jose
phine EH»s; treasurer. Mrs. Caroline
Oyer; conductress. Mrs. Matilda V, Ft
tield; associate conductress. Mrs. B»iU
Lewis: chaplain. William Button; mitr
shal. Mrs. Silvia Hamilton': warden. Mrs.
Laura Hamilton: sentinel. Y. R. Patrick:
orjramtt. Martha A. Anderson: •tar-
Adah. Mr*. Ruth Wrlgrht: Ruth. Mis* A:.
nie Kay; Esther, Mrs. Frances Hills:
Martha. Mrs Daisy Rosendale; Elect*.
Mrs. Lout?e Lawney.
Convention of Methodists.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. n. -The 31. E. Church
Convention was formally opened ko-*ty In
Llndell-evenue Methodist Chorch. Bishop
Jbhn 11. \Hncent. D.D.. with whort the
Idea of holding the congress originated,
presided. The devotional exercises were
conducted by Rev. Horac* E. War- of
Denver. The proce^lng* were carried on
as open parliament, the folio-wing topic
being under discussion: The Twentieth
Century Fund." -The Message of ttt«
C h^?F h to Men oi Culture." "Ordering of
j^fbHc Worßhlp" and "The Religion of
Childhood." The attendance was email.
R«tlres From Business.
PACIFIC GROVE, Nov. 27.— W. B.
Woods, who for many year* ha« con
ducted aa extensive grocery" business la
this city, has sold out his entire Interest*
to H. M. Richardson ot Anjrels. i- eras
County, and Intends retiring from busi
ness owing to 111 health.
HOTEX ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J L Johnson, Val'.ejo A D lack. Vajlejo
D SnKivaa. Aoccl» c R HendricJc. VatMJo I
T Bak*r. Ang>t« C 'j Waflle. F>Mll«fflt
Z 6 White. 9«n Jo«« :H a Clander. S-sacra
R L House. A w, Cal ,W Graff. £t Loils
J G Oaetctt. Tut>* C T B Harr..;ta, B C
1 A Jchnwn A w. Cal A Sutherland. B C
J W Toraer. S*nc*r L Murray &w. X T
J E Parrr. Or»r3a H Murray. Xtw Tort I
A W Brown. Oak!!- 'Miss N' Bradl«y. NT '
C Chrlstenscn. Bir'.o
PALACE H.OTEU
H B Wool. Par. J<-«» • Mast*r Itocre, Texa* '
Mrs. F Eaton. L a |W </ Osanslor. Los A
Mils H Eaton. L Ar.( J Jacoticn. N T
G W Henderson, raj C Wler. Lo* A-?!-»
J G Ortoa Jr Buffalo !II T £$♦»•.«?«-. l«a«r»
6 W Un, Buffalo , H P Nye, Pan lH«co
•3 M Sparks. Buffalo • J Field. Monterey
A W K»tly. NY D 5 Jordaa. Saarori
W L Dudley. Wa»h C C Minima— l n i
H B«rro«rh», Balto W H Dord. Ohio '
M -• Burroughs. Bait F H Holt. En*!acd
Mr*. P 8 Archibald. W \Coodeoc*. En*
N B iC; Qulr.a. N>* fork
A L Haw>y, Seattle R Hrxtatr. Rydß*y
w D Wood. Seattle Mr» Sinclair. Sydney
E F Braadaurat. Er.g Mr? Ba;r.b-M««. Syd
Mrs. Hrxiifcun? L"r.& 'C T Eyt«. Par
J C B»=B«tt. Pa !*fr« Erl«. Parir
Mr». Beaaett. Pa |P D Lotbrop. Boston
lira G I/-or.!i. Mealo A O Hewitt, Boatoa
f rtun Jr. Cal jxv mcfcael*. Cal
Mrs rum. Ca! F Michael*. Cat
L Lou&alia. '*.»« G E Faircatld. Cal
R B Snetdoa. Cal 'R M M»: 9 Airlct
; M Tiidale. NT .W T Brou«haa. B C
F Char?*i. Ne-r Twit I Mrs BrrijV-ata, B C
Mrs McM B-:r!a. s T !W F Parker. Cal
R 9 Cartir. N T KM Parker. Oal
G Mocre. Texas iE F Dart*. Port'.aoa
GRAND HOTEU
J W Carls. Stoektca C R Place. P v : a
A L MeSorUy. Cal ' P H Stuart, M T
J H Shark. Ca!ca«3 i W N Jaclwoti. Pcr?!ad
H Levitt A sop. Cal Mr* D Htlllker. Cat
J W Smith * w, 111 F E Sratth. St-"ckton
M:«» B Smith, ill iWn Secaw. gaeto
V. H Mallory. Oal ■LA McLaren, «a*to
W F Lesser. Cal ; 8 W Fetley A w. Cal
F L*ith A •» Sacto L H Bmlth. FYesaa
A W Stuart. Cal ID HcHlUter, Cal
O B =• J-h=, Cal D M Hart. B«ntcta
L Ooodwin. Sacto ; A Eastwool. Newest I
W H LurntJen. Cal i J V Shepard. N T
G Smith. Alaxaeda iE M Tlerian. Cal
J B MorrlSl. Ncr V\ P Owen. S -ix
E Kntler A w. Col Mn Smith. Santa Cm
H C Brown Aw. Cal J J McDoaald. Meslo
W Campbell. LA Thss Graham. Cal
J E Baiter. Cal T V Ralph. Al-ar»<i->
Robt :'.ia. ls*% An» !P D Bo«twtck. Cal
P A Stantcn. L A | Mr» R Laurln. Fttla
A C Presley. X. !j Kullman. B*nlcla
W F Lust. N T ,MUi Stecieasac. Cal
3C!m Craaew I>Bv»r IE T E%rtm. Portlasd
W A '"a?*- Sicta ij D ••: :varr. Cal
F N McAullffe. Saeta R T Oorert. Mo!«n
W L Dull«y * •. Wuh'J G C'irert, Har.ford
O M Peck. Cal J N Sp-ar. Enisua
Mrs Clark. St Paul 1
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued Prom Fag« Kleren.
ARRIVED.
Mixidiy. Norerab-r IT
Btmr Samoa, Jahn«*r. 49 hour* '""«» FTur^fca.
Stair Santa Crux, Hir.X>. -•< boar* from Port
Harfcrd
Stmr North Fork. Bash. I day* nrtn E\«*ka.
Br strnr On Sar.«. Younc. U days from Hcn«
konr. % '-a- Tokoharca 13 :.\yr
Bark £ C Allen. JobßSOn. IS days frori Hoco
lulu.
CLEARED.
Monday. Nor»rsb«r IT.
Stmr rir.att'.la. Cousin*. Victoria, «tc. Ooetf
a!l. p»rk:.-.* & Co.
Elmr Bo n't a, Nteolsca, Sar. P*dN>. Good&ll.
P«-» * Co.
Haw ttn.r San 3fatt-» Fletcher, Kanalmo: P
I Co.
Br ttmr Salmon*. N«raimo; R
Da:;?Tnulr'B Soc».
Br tark tvachc«. Grant, Pt-1-»t J I Falk
■ Co <Ltd>.
Bktn !rn«arl. Schmidt. HoBOl«!a: Wllitsi,
Dirrxnd & Co.
BAILED.
Mondar. NoT»s:b<»r IT.
Haw rtmr Baa 3fat»o. F>tch*r. N>n*lajo.
Stmr Cna'Jlli. C-Jttslns. Victoria and Port
IVjwasesd.
Stmr Nero, Johr.»ca. Fcrt Brayj.
Br ttir.r w«ni=poa, Salao-ni. v - -. -jiTr.!
Schr Septan*, EstrcM. Coo* Bar
Schr lUwnbi Smith. New Whatcota.
spoke?;.
Not 13. Ist 47 N. len IS W— Br ship Forl«
dale. from Tlcorna. fcr Uverp«l.
Sept 2. lat 14 N. lon 30 W— Br »fclp Pa*» of
Kl'.liecrankle. from ?*»m»«. far l*n Fraaclteo.
TEL.EORAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov .- 15 ; m- W«ath*r
focrr; wind south, r«»Iocltr « mile*.
tOMESTIC PORTS.
EVREKA— Returned Nor *T— 6tmr TlUasiook.
PORT BLAKEL.ET— Sat>4 Not !>»— Ship L. )U 
!*lana, for M«ib*«ro*; b*rk Tcpcallaat. for
Honolulu.
NEWPORT — -*• ••! Not X— Star South
Coa.«t. f -r san Francisco.
PORT H.VULOCK— S*II*d Not 17— ««hr lac«.
fftr Ad*l»l3e.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Not »-S«hr
M#tc - fcr San Pedro.
COOt? BAT— Arrived Not U— Stisr Areata.
h*rce Nov 13.
Bar b>jund Not JB— Btmr Hotter, and tttsr
Empire. ' •+ San Fr*n<"t»*«x.
FORT BRAaO-Sall»d N6t JT-Srhr Bartara
H»rr..«t for s*n rrand*C(k
ORATS HARO'R Not 29— Star New.
burt. f>>r Pan Franel»co.
?a.v riEGO-«all»d Not 9tmr 0«a«ota,
for San Frar • ■..
FOREIGN* PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Not ja-Br ilnt Robert
A>lam»---n. for San Franctico.
ACAPULCO-ealled Nov f>—etnr Cotta RJ«.
for San Fraaciico.
MA2i.VTLAN-Sall«d Not »— Strar Baa Btaa.
far Saa Frsaclsctx
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Not it— Br tar* Bru«
•els, b»nc« May Z%.
QUEEXSTOWN— ArrtTed Not t»-Br ahlp
FoTtedaJe, from Ticcsia. Not 27— Br iftl; Af»
Ala*, h«ac* July 11.
LONDON— Arrived Not 17— Br thlp Ar.irada.
'- db Tacoma,
KOBE— ArrlTed prior to Not !3-«car Spo
*&n». from Port Gamble.
VALPARAISO— Arrtrod Not IK-O*r §h!p
Owsrno, from Port Blak»l»y.
KINSALE— Pa«sed Not U— Br ta!p Aadreta.
h»n-« June K^ for Qae»nstowa.
AXTWERP-Satled Not »-Br *•<* La!t*a
ba. for Part Lot a:.»»I»».
TOKOHAMA— ArrtT»d crtcr t* S'or »— Br
Mmr ErrprcM of Japan, from Van»eaT»r.
AVCKbAND— Sailed Nov J7— Star MaHpc«a.
for San Franilsco.
HONOKONO— SaiI«d Not tt—Br etmr A!ro*.
for San Frar.c!««>. via Yokohama.
RAILROAD TRAViL.
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE. ROSSLAND.
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL.
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
THE OXLT LrXE OPERATIXO A
throcffh t )urt«t car from S. F. to it. Paul.
TM« e»r It t!c«ly Hphol3t»r¥<l ta hAW aM
has «T»ry ccaY*a!*3« c< a ilm-diN PuOciaa.
Call oa or ajdrvsi
T. K. STATELER. Ota. Aft.. OS Uarktt §L.
San Tnncleco.
MOUNT TA.MALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
LeaTt San Traaclaco ria Satnallto r»rry
W»«k t>*r»— 9:J3 a. m. and 1 4i ■ m.
Eur.Uj»-S:C«j» M:« a, m. and l:is"ft. m
Sttara-ttated. ele««d car on all trains
Far*— can Fracclaeo to Summit and lUtcra.
Q Gibbon's Dispensary,
lS 1 :il?, KA ? ;CT!I » T - E*tAb!Mt«l
?li^?i. i th * tT ** tna ' a| 0< Prtrai*
Pjafy, l>«n Matiann.l Drtilitjor
l^^. Wf * r1n <2n2 n *«xlr»nd m«r.«^ nd
■ om«Mfaa. Try him. C!urt« low
rrr a a>. Ck>rna tow
Dr. 4. r. Pr^VS^Tif •"*••»♦<• CaJlbrwrlt*
OIBBO>. Box 1937. 5aa rraadsco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFOMIA KOfiIWESTUN IT. Cl.
L3S3SS
SAN FRANCISCO A*o NORTH PACIFIO
RAILWAY CO.HPAWT.
Tlhoron Fcrrr. Foot of v.arket St.
1 SA7T t-RA^CI3C<TTO BA* RAFAEL
DAT»-T:«. 3%. lt:M a. ra.: U«»
130 M». • » p. ra. Thursday*- Extra tri
1- u:Ja p. a Saturday*— Extra tr!pa at 1 M
and 1; v o m.
■UNDAT^-400. I*J. ll M a. a.: Ida. 13*.
I « 1:2) c. c*
SAN RAFAEL TO BAH FTiAXCISCOc
wrr i : DATS— «:I». :•«• »:*\ n~ a ta.; llrm.
1:49. 1:19 r- — Saturday*— EUtra trtv« •»
1 15 ar.: <:U p. m
•f vrVAT9— I 10. 1:44, 11 M a. m.: 1:40. 1:40. l«.
I » » ra.
Between San Fraaeixo and Bcauctsen Par»
a*-ra» w>Mul» aa atxarr*.
Leart 1 ArrtT*
Ban Frar.oU«Ok la EfT*rt , Ban r>an<n«aak
.i , — — — Octoter la. — — — ( »
Week . ";a Htf ' 0«a- , W«^
Day*. 1 daya. I>«»'«at«o*i I dar*- D»t«-
t Jc air. '!.«iis ' Korato. r3:t3 In 1:«laa
|:JJ pta. )ir arr. Petalorra. I:CS;mUUta
l:i: pa J«3 pa 6aata Roaa. T a pea « npa
Fuitan.
tji 4- V.'in '• - » » aa
Hea. " ■ uri.
Lyttra.
Ofy»«rrtll».
/CB frs. S:C9 aa: Csreriale. T:JS pra 1:23 pa
T:M am jßoelaad aadl
I ie 4- Ukiaa. T:S3 ptn IflM
T M air ■»»«•
l:Wair. Oo«raf»111a 1:38 vet
I:* pa j j »npm
f^aaia l-^am' »aa»taa M:« an: |-«a.'a
aod I
I «pm •:« pea Gtea ElTea. I*Z pra «-3 pta
T:Mara I-OC is Sebastopot. |»:« a»Jl3:» aa
tap pa 1:40 pcM . 7:3» pd IBpa
£ta*«3 e«nneet at SaatA Ro«a fir Mark West
•pnnn aad Wtlt* «u:ph-jr ?rr'.»«'- *t Wtua
for Litton S, - --»* at O*y«*rr*.Ue for 'c**!*
8: -.-«* at ClcT«rd»!e ftf the ueyi»r»: •' Ho^»
laiHfor Duacaa Sprla«s. n:<M*rl eprtaa-a.
Kelitynile. Carlatad Bprtnc*. 6"«U Bar. La**-
port and P*rtlett B?rln««: at VXJah for VUlir
gar\tig: JUrat ra Sprln»». Bits* Lake*. L*srtl
I-!: !«..<• '' ". •-- 8r>r!i»«». Upper Lak». P" m*.
Pstwr Yklley. Jo»n Do I*.1 *. Rlrerslla. Li*r!«y'a.
Bnck=««: a. S«-.-*.!rin H«!cat«. HsllrU> .Crr"«
Hot Eprtnr*. Ml -. Cify. Fort 3f%«f.
WMtport. V**l. Wiattt*. UartooTllla. Car*-
clu a. B»:: • Sprlata. Harr.a. O'ttaa. Dr«r.
■cctla 4-' Eur«ka.
Saturday to Kca.lay rcoad trip ticket* at r*»
4ue«d rate*.
On MrnSar rvutd trio t!rt«*.i to an pctatt
ttror..' 9ar. Rafael at ba!f rate*.
Tldt«t Of?^« 4M Market it. <^>fj«k-»a bMa.
M- C WHITINO. R. X. RTA».
Ow>arai Minuw _ C«o. Pu«. A**aa>
Mrrniwi p»nnr cpnPiXT.
(r»> ;ri : -t«:i* 1
Tralai ■••«« ■■■• mr ••-«■ 10 »rrlf« at
«. % > » It* >< IS( it
(Mate Una. foot ex Market SuttX)
ibati — r» i 5 Tiwm li 1339. — «aar*a
•7:««i B-n dv »riro 1* s tcr»=-.<r;f>.... *Tr4«r
E a ra. Vacatlßaao»l Rwri •7tt3r
•7:04>» si.uu Ei7rrw-r>»Tia. Wllk-wa>
B»l BI«H Ptrtlaid *TH3p
*7i«*v M :. 'i «\t\ r^C'-J. VaM^x N»;v
fi::i'j|i'.!il' l tT4R'«». »»:l3f
•»:!•» Th- O-rUr.-l Lit l-nl Q^ia, Dm-
»«r. Om»k* Chk«*» •»«I3»
••>■•« a 4 h J.m«. U»»rns ». *torkt.-«.
I:n«, •»»-T»:ti^ti:.\ r;ir-ni_«.
Xt.rji»i;>.4^:e-\ l!*-t f.1nff...... *4tllr
•*:*•.« v« 1% 1- and TV** »4il3r
•»:••« H»r»»Hi s.:-«»HffifM«t;'M.MiiU«
•»•<). a -tin:!- r.tpma— Ovden a«4 Can ••43*
••ifti Miri 1. Tr.rr. LaurorA MmMib,
M rr .laadfr«MO.. -it 11.
*•>••* PcnCMta, Frraaix !!-.>»»» act! l.»
A«f«<'* . •#»4»p
• •<>» T«!: y . Mar«tre»anl Wiy Su^lrr.a •••■»,
•lit»,mr'v-. 51k* and Way Sut cv*. *»i!3r
•1*:«... >;; i, Ltrem:qr«t s'-.-:V..-n. -4-r»-
n-r.lo. M«r !•■•.* llu.it V, V!«vJ*.
liert»rrin«...: •« Mr
tl:«Qr 5 4er*m<*rt»riTtt*»»n'jiw* t<to«p
•» •«: Hij*irX tilXf L-: : Way Stall — . •*«»»
•l»or Maxttnn. ban I:imc». VjJ>;j.
Xaf-*. * » : i»"ti». >-jii4 !!■'•» »»»l»«
•«:««r Btafda. Ta«a*iU« Raer%Menl«v
\Vo.,ll»nl. KtlUf;U I *£. X.Vi,
M»rt»Ttl\ nro»n:» •!•«•>»
r«a J«««ajflHr«»!ca . «Til»r
•»:O«rTfci» O«l liKJt«d-lrae7. Fr-ncm.
(**itt' 1 - • -».-«', -,-•» Car-
ban. Lei Aac-1«9 •*«»
•irtAp^vtroiv >ftTcr.l. IVvork. » M*il3r
*3:3«p fit* ..... ri. ni. • ', HanU T'«t" in,
* U% Ac^tlca. l'-i!rr 1.1 r»-«x
N-««>rt-a ii • . r.4«- •* «i»
•»!«•» v »ii!i Ji Invite— A n»i lit Etptesa
f-r M J»ti an I Ijt'i *«tl3p
•«:OOp n»7-*ir! V ?.*»:«» an.l Han Jc« •7«4.1 «
"li^nr V»:>; „ Mini 3»
•«t3i>l-Or!«:tilSUa-O»!3iaa.lEart . # S«3«p
IT •»•» Valkto. Toft 1 ii« ami VTa* .-•».
tloc« 19i33r
•••«»*. ■ r .■■. aa.l CaiL'.irr.'.* Kutub^^*.
i< .f! ••». \|»r,^- ■> !:''■''''«.
rwti»..t. rut s.i.w.j «i ; ,i I-— « **ii3~4
(HIM DITtXtOI (>arrow Utfi .
_^ (F<.<tff M>rk-t^tt^t.»
*«il3a X»T*irM>n»«TtL:;o»uJ<,»e,| - rtJca,
Dos: Jer O»k, Sac ta Cniz aad Way
S»tlou» •via,
t»il3r ?Ts»a»». fec«rriU-. fcao J »«, Xew
Alr.l !-"i. Ftircn. IlcalJ^r lire*.
nr.'i im and Triad?*! Way
Statin*. H**'3*4
•*iV :."«»irt .-»■ J"--. \t **;iv~j *vii<«&
ttlilSr Hister*' Cuostca. !»u Jc«« and
Way ?Ka»i.ißi ;T«— r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
trim 341 rillCUO]— f»l «.' Sum IccM < .. l> —
•Ms aoo ibooajb :. :: •::: |j;M
•ire: 1::: •::>.»!.
rraaCtllllS— rmtflruiviT.— •« CO 8.00 13C04.M.
T.i::: # i:: :.:: •::: .1:: •!:>■«.
COAST UITIMOI llr« 4 |(,,. »,.
(ThlnJ m J rc-fn»?»..l SU>
*♦:!•» «>-». >• S«irh a»a fncctjro.. XiHt
X.—» Kan .1. «i a..l C»y Se*tl- »:• »y»w
A»— ten WednncJayamity) . 'I »•»
**t«Oa S*!> J-t^^. TrM rta^i. f»*ut» «*rtt«.
r*-t.'.: »Jrnt«t, rts-> n»r.V-*, san
l.itia <)• «; .i. Bmf, Loxpoc i. -I
r...'l»«i V;.» h'V.lr.,. •IllOr
•Ui<o«t,.,j, mln | V.af Siatfcsna *8i334
*lli3u« Stu Jn« iii.l W»j -\it!;n •3>:Jor
fi: I3p &*n Uateac H«r»co-1. M«cla Paxk.
Palo .M'oi. eantaCUra, ftiJ.n
Trt* Pfaca. H*nt* fmz. ...
?- Moaterer awl r>de r.-..-. tt*t3oA
*:.T>r r»a Jc<« 4.-. ! Way Slitloin m •?»3*f
•< IV *»3J"--4M.! Pr!r;!;\l \T»y .SU'.'-ri IS*
t»«««PS*aJ<J!»aolPtlrdpalTr*7J?uOca» •♦«.
•.■»:!•- -, Jo*( »t ■! I'riarr »: V. 17 i>uu«u* -#I*4
••:»•• Ba. ; J-.-». ! V.-. F «r»-.! R.i f*i«O4
Hl»f Baa Jrmt ami TT4P - >t << .. . »?t3*p
~ A to* Jloraic* rrarAftmMMß
* Daily. t aaitfiar •t-rte-!. : Svaday «b:/.
' * ■»»• r-iir cay.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
Th« Cutest lr*la. mats* er«r tt« baat rail*
mul. with t«« >>r^«*t dvi aeccsnc^atfaoa,
Ccttc*cUc« trmta Ihtm tu> Fr-i.3c!»c4 •!
I*o p. ra.
MOSDAT ITISSISMT. riIDAT BATU23IT.
AfTiTtSf la C&lcari a: 1 '.3 9. n.
rtISAT. 1750 AT, TCZSOAT WIDSE3DAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Prtrr d«T 'a ta« j»*r. P"j"m*a Pa!ae« aa-i
L';icm«r*2 JVmltt Car» !»«r« Oaklicd luX
fcr D»n»»r. Kanaaa City. Chicago a*4 ts« Bart
I^B p. p.
VALLEY ROAD
B»t»«*tt Etocktcn. r"»«aav Ra*f>»r4. TTaa - t*»
TU'.ar« a- • Bak;nflet<S. firr.!«h-» f -• hJ
tra.* aarrtca.
Caa Fraa«laee ofSea. la kt*r««t rt.. teltvaooa
Main :.*i
Oakland ofBr«. U:i Bhial»%?
Bacrmn«ats otte*. In i »t-»»t.
las J->aa offlca. I W»*- -.-.'a "•-» i'ixl
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
*1» ll lIIIW p«rnr.
Cc2is:?aclaf Octct»r T. ltr».
■TIOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAUXI
AM' M\ RAFAEU -^**-*«
WEEK DATS— "T • •» 30. ii » a. a.: »• a.
•I. 40. 5.13 *•«{-•; ta. rf l^
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill v aH»r and Sa-i Ra-
Ia«I. on Men.lay». *?:*<izti-li~n aa4 Sarurlara.
a: * co i- ! ■.: Ji p. n. *•>
SUSD*T»- i ».M. 'W^O. »U:«» a. n.: «Ili
I:U. •«:«, I ». >:« p. ra. •
Trains taarkfd 4*> ran :•> Saa Qtt«atta.
rROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX KHANCMCOL
WEEK DATS-* tt, ■* S. I.C, •» «0 iTamTl
"12:». IA 1:«. 1:li p. a. ••=»•.
EXTRA TRIPa in Uoa4.tr*. WatfaaaOara aa4
•aturdar. at «:M aaJ W:U p. a.
BUNDAT3— 4.SK 1:00. •:5:«. Il.ii a. a. •
•l:*!. •I:!!. «:«3^ IB Pl B». *
Tralaa mark*'J «•> ftart frca S*n Q^tetla.
rP.OV. miv; VaLLET TO SAN ITIANCISCOk
WKEK PATi»-»r«l» I:«J. T:«, lii », aTI
EXTRA TRIH en fiiMin, W«tfaaa<ty< 4a4
Saturday* at I:« ar.d !« Si p. m.
SLNDATS— *.*!. W :« a. Ci. ; UXt, 2;U. l:5>»
THROCGII TRAIN'S.
I*o a. a. wwk <!ar»-Caza4*ro aa»J *tr»tat:ona.
1:49 p. m. Saturday*- Temale* and —my ttatloaa!
|. -CO a. a. Bun4aja— TotßAlca asd w»j ataUaiS
1314
RACETRACK MURDER BY
CORRIGAN`S STABLEMAN
Ingleside's Vicious Rivalries the
Cause of Bloodshed.
Dan Hayes Shot to Death by Zip Chambers
After a Series of Quarrels Over
Opposing Strings of Horses.
MANY disgraceful *<*"••* hav<*
occurred Jr. the neighborhood
of the Ir.glesid* racetrack DV
the men brought from the.
East by Ed Oorrfsan and oth
er hor*e </wn«n» and the sh^ddlr.^ of
blood n.i* Dot been of infrequttfU oc
currence. Now a murder has to t>«
added to the list of offani.es. The
murder* 1 n-.&a •rma I>ar. Hayes. *
•tabir-man for W. P. Mnrrano. ar.d the
man accused of the munier, is >I!j>
Chamber*, a stableman in the employ
of Corr'iiran. Both ■ <•!> are colored
and nwm^l to have. Imbibed the fee!
lnj? of rivalry that exist* between
thrjr employer*. The* 1 fjuarr In
C*hlcsuro last summer and sine* then
thens Jia.l been bud Mood between
them.
<'tnraJ*r« went to Oakland Bur.d.iy
to KP<>n<l the- day with some friend*.
Hayes and George- Butler, another col
ored stableman, started !n to drink in
i*ob L^«"n saJoon. near the track. Sun
day morr.lnc and Npan to hunt for
Chambers. When they found he had
IBM to Oakhsßa • Inwntor^
and o. ilquor.
■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
in me summer
Of life a w«r.an may find herself fading
■ad failing. She doesn't understand it.
She gues to doctcrs, who treat her for
this or for thut. but she gets no better.
She grows frail and pale. She can just
•drag ct>crc: the ouse," but has no
pleasure in life.
Many toch women ; !I«WSM¥
bavr' taker, advaat- fl Hil WjS&ffill
t^= of Dr. I^croc-s l| iiU>^3aKw
CK&rot fne consult- (( — jr^9^^^
ahem by >rii*r and ?<^<s&&&Q*?
b»*« b«n restored V^s *X< ]f
by Dr. Pierces L »/^— -?
trcctsient to per- J^-"^^w^ *^C-- L
fat health. There 'TL>,. Clfs
fa no more wonder VV _fT/V^iV
M xaedidne for ' >«<i 7£? -
<wacnen than Dr. 1 lP©»Ss*'.'lß\i
Pieir-, Favorite !
Procription. It» ' ill' 1 !;' V^^Vv I ' l
action upon the 'i l ' ( i/y>^.'
w^omanly organs is /'/ r* ***•"■ v^'
at oner apparent /' € *L*****"jri
in the dccrra.tQ of ***»^^*.\V
pain and the in- •"•^****^v* I *\l
cnan of strength. '"• «-^*"**x^ fv
Ti carts female - - .. J^^**v- t _ A
weakness and t>uch y^^^*^ •••• Vj
dascdeee ks take f^^^^?~rfc=
•wit the strength / •**'^T^T*"" i^"
«nd beauty of Y>^'. *•"■•' \\ !
wcrncc. f jg .^^--«^ . * -jy>
Sick women re jkqj * * .« \?r l * .' jj[ \
invited to consult] <5: =»^- * •_ y> •*
Dr. Pierce bj' letter
frm All corree- 1 ~- ~^ -^
pondence private. Address Dr. R. V
Pierce, Buaalo, N. Y.
•Before ! coßitnraccd to nue your medicine 1
w in a Wi condition ,for eight T*arm) and
txx doctor* treated me.- wriiea Mn P^tie
A^tr»-. of Gar>-»burg. Northampton Co.. N. C
•Tbry, of . «r»e, jr«ve me at the time »onie re-
SleC '"C» it did not last lons. I mi some days
is my bed MM none dsys I dragged about the
boor. I h*T»; us*d five bottle* of I>r. Pierce'a
7«*-^«!ir Prescription and fire of the 'Golden
JCrtiical Di»ooverv.' aad four vlalu of the ' Pel-
Vta.' Sow 1 feel like a new woman, and I want
the world to know it "
The action of the ■ Favorite Prescrip-
tion " is assisted by the use of ■ Pleasant
Pellets '' when the* bowels are irregular.
Steins or Beer Mugs
Bargains.
JVb Worth Your
Coming: Just to See.
Great American leiportiflfi Tea Co-
Store* Everywhere,
zoo Stores*
they waited for the last car to th«
track In the expectation of meeting
Chambers and they were- «>uccessful.
Chambers was on the car and as soon
as It started for the track Hayes
pulled a revolver out of his pocket
ii : 1 threatened to shoot Chambers.
The motorman cautioned Hayes to be
quiet and instead he pointed the re
volver at him and took considerable
amusement In compelling; him to make
tha car pr quicker or slower as his
fancy dictated under pain of havir.p
Ins head lowa off.
After leaving the car near the track
they entered Lee's saloon, whore
Hayes again pulled out his revolver
and threatened to shoot Chambers.
Lee interfered and Chambers left the
palocn and went to his sleeping room
in the stables. Butler and Hayes fol
lowed htm and Hayes, finding the door
barred, attempted to break it down.
swearlr.R all the time that he would
hay« Chnmbers' life. Chambers fired
three shots through the door, two of
them taking effect in Hayes" body.
and he dropped dead. Chambers left
the stables and was arr«sted on the
Ocean road about 5 o'clock yesterday
morning by Policeman Dasman and
*ent to the City Prison, where a charp»*
of murder was booked against him.
He was taken before. Jud^e Tread well
yesterday morning and by consent the
case was continued till Friday.
Hayes* body was taken to the
Morgue, where it was found that one
of the bullet.? had entered the left
breast directly over the- heart, while
the other struck Just below th« left
shoulder.
Chambers, In speaking of the shoot
ing, said: "My first quarrel with
CRUISER TO BE
NAMED TACOMA
Contract for the Union
Iron Works.
>
Fr*cUl Dlapatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Nov. r7.-Oontract» for
i th« nix new Ml ■ crulso ra w«ro awarded
to-day at the Navy Department In accord
ance with the recommendations of the
Hoard of Construction, mm to each of th»
following firm*: William R. Trlgg. Rich
mond; Lewis Nixon. Ellzahethport. N. J.;
th* Bath Iron Work*. Bath. Mo.; the
I Union Iron Works. San Francisco. Oil.;
the Fore River Engine Company. Braln
troe. Mars., and Keafie A Levy. Philadel
phia. All th« boats are to be constructed
In accordance with th« deportment's de
•-:*-■ -
TIM fix vessels will thus be distributed
araonj; the builders namod: The Galv?s
ton to Trigg. at Richmond, for $1,027 000
to b» built In twenty-four months; the
Chattanoosra to Nixon, at Elizabethnort.
N. J. tkjM,m, to be built In thirty
months; the Cleveland to the Hath Iron
Work*. Bath. Me., $1,041.(50. to be built In
thirty months: the Tacoma to th- Union
Iron Works, San Francisco, at $1.041 9 V)
to be built In twenty-seven months; the
Dos Molnes to the For* River Company
llralntree. Mass.. at 51.0C5.000, to be built
In thirty months; the Denver to Neafle &
Levy. Philadelphia, at SI.OSO.GOO, to be built
In thirty m*>tr '
While rated at fifteen knots. Chief Con
structor Ulcbbom said they will make no
less than seventeen knots If necessary In
fact the firm of Neafle A Lew has under
, taken to Guarantee that th^lr vessel ;
| though built on the department's d*-sljrns
can make seventeen knots at a minimum.'
JUDGE TREADWELL'S DEFENSE.
He Scouts the Idea of Being Im
peached and Starts an Inves
tigation.
Judg* Treadw*-ll hold an Investigation
: lay afterm-on In regard to the alle
gation that he wan to be Impeached for
i.g Jame.B H H.irn.-tt. a clerk in the
*'wl drug store, charged with petty lar
ceny, out on his own r^cognlzano"
H. K. Miller, manager of the drug com
pany, who was represented by Attorney
i TH.ttr>n, was asked by the Judge a num
ber of questions, to each of which he gave
the answer that under the advice of his
attorney he would say nothing. The
Judge's intention was, if Miller admitted
maJtli:« certain statements about him.
that he would order him Into custody for
contrmpt of court.
Attorney Fred Frey, who represented
Harriett, declared that the Judge had re
fused to allow Barnctt out on his own
recognizance, and he was corroborated by
Howard Vernon, the court stenographer.
Further Investigation was postponed until
this afternoon.
The Judge made a statement from the
brnch that he was not afraid of being Im
peached, as he had done nothing wrong,
but somebody had been altering the rec
ords In bis court to gat him Into trouble,
TOE SAN rKAKCISCO CAU,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1899.
ANOTHER BRITISH TRAMP MAKES PORT.
THE British tramp ateamcr On Bans ■rrhred In port jreaterday thirty-three days from HonpkonK and nineteen from
tama. She Is under chart, r to th« PaeMc klaJI St. ■.unship Company and brlnsa over 4000 tons of cargo but no
passengers, t.'aptain Young reports a anooea .th\v» st.-rly and northwesterly pales, accompanl.-.l by »«r»
hlph seas and violent squalls. The A!^ .ton tramp, follow! tha On Sang. Thes.- ■ .'r»- eharterad to
replace the Rio de Janeiro and City of Peking, now doing duty aa transports.
Hayes was In Chlcapo, last summer,
about a boy who left Magrran
ployment and went to work for Corri-
gran. Hayes accused me of Inducing
the boy to make the change and
threatened to have my life for it.
After I came here the quarrel was re
newed. Yesterday, after I started for
Oakland, I learned that Hayes was
drinking and was looking for me.
threatening to kill me. When he came
on the car at Twenty-ninth and Mis
sion streets I was afraid of trouble,
as I was unarmed. He Raid on the
car that ho would kill me and made
the same threat In Lee's saloon. He
followed me to my room, and when h2
tried to break down the door to get at
me I got my pistol and fired through
the door at him."
and h<» wanted to find whn th»> man was.
In the Barnett c;us«- the clerk was accu»ed
of Bt.-alinK ;t hn% of pills, and not tSOOO,
• quent charge of mlsde
r embenlement was made against
htm for the MUne \">x of pills, both cases
would have fnll«-n t.. the ground.
KING HENRY IV TO BE
PERFORMED BY AMATEURS
The members of the Gentlemen's Sodal
ity of St. Ignatius Church will hold a
grand benefit entertainment next Wednes
day evening at St. Ignatius College Hall,
when Bhakeapeare's masterpiece, "King
Henry IV." will be presented. The final
dress rehearsal took place In the College
Hall last evening, and from the manner
In which the play was presented the en
tertainment will doubtless be a success
both from a dramatic and financial stand
point.
This drama of th« great poet has seldom
been presented to a San Francisco audi
ence, and considering the ability of the
amateurs who are to present It on this
occasion. It should be. of particular Inter
est to lovers of the work of the Illustrious
poet. The cast will consist of the. follow
ing gentlemen:
Kin* Henry IV, W. Rally; Prince of Wale*.
J. — r.ln. Sir W. Hlunt. V. Tower; Hotspur,
T. Ilickey; Northumberland. M. L^nnon; Weat
morfland. H. Byrne*; Worcester. U. Connolly;
Sir J. FalstafT. Dr. W. H. Hieberst; Polna O.
Ogllvla; !><u|(laa. R. LiongbauKh; Host. 1..
Flynn; Hardolf. J. Fairy; Sir Klchard Vernon.
U Oonzalea; Qidnhlll, O. Hegarthy; Francla.
W. Ix>nerjra.n; Prince John. J. JLonergran.
The musical part of the programme will
consist of selections by Professor star
quardt's orchestra and of vocal music by
the Car-famed quartet of st. Ignatius
Church: J. Desmond, tenor; Sidney Hope
craft, second tenor; G. Berber, barytone:
G. V. Woods, basso.
The committee having charge of the af
fair consists of J. E. Fltzpatrlck (chair
man), J. U. Dlgnan, John B. Pope, Dr. S
J. Cunningham, Dr. K. O. Steers, J s'
Wollbank. T. McAullffe, D. J. Costello and
Frank J. Burke.
TAXES DELINQUENT TO-DAY.
Efficient Work of Tax Collector Shee
han and Deputies.
Yestprday was the last day on which
the first Installment of taxes on real
estate and the personal property taxes
entire could be paid. All day long there
were two linos of taxpayers In tho main
corridor of the City Hall, all of whom
were anxious to escape tho penalty of 15
per cent which will be added from to-day
on. Tax Collector Sheehan and his depu
ties were kept busy until 6 o'clock last
evening taking in the money. The force
was reduced by twenty men and only
eighteen are now left in the otllce to com
plete tli" work. During the past month
the force has been kept at work from
9 o'clock In the morning until 12 o'clock
at night with Sundays thrown in and
there nas been little or no complaint re
garding the manner in which Tax Col
lector Sheehan and his subordinates have
performed their duties.
From Manila to Washington.
Rev. Father W. D. McKlnnon, chaplain
of the United States army, will deliver a
lecture to-night In St. Joseph's Hall,
Howard and Tenth streets, entitled,
"From Manila to Washington." Excellent
stereoptlcon views will oe used by the
rev (rend gentleman to illustrate his lec
ture.
SOME STEAMERS
ADDED TO THE
OVERDUE FLEET
♦
The Southeaster Still
Rages Along Coast.
>
CHANGES IN TOWBOAT MEN
♦
CAPTAIN CLEM RANDALL GOES
MASTER OF THE ELDER.
Rival Captains in a Fracas — Two
Transports to Sail To-Day — Hood
lums Arrested on a Mis
sion-Street Car.
The coasting steamers are beginning to
keep the "wind Jammers" company. All
of them are making very lons passages.
but none are so Ions: overdue as to cause
any uneasiness. Th« Portland Is bar
bound at Astoria, the Empire and Homer
are barbound at Eureka, while the Till.i
mook, after buttling with the southeaster
fur twenty-four hours, ran buck to port.
The TUiamook, North Fork, Wee ott, La
g-ui.u and Samoa all sailed for Eureka for
San Francisco last Saturday. The Samoa
passed out early in the morning and
reached this port yesterday. The Tilla
mook. North Fork and Weeott passed out
together, and while the former put back
into port again the others continued to
"buck" the Kale and are coming along
slowly to San Francisco. The collier Pro
greso, from Tacoma, was also looked for
on Sunday, but she was 116 hours coming
down on her last trip, bo she may not
bo looked for until early to-day.
Of the overdue "wind Jammers" not a
word has been heard. If the steamers
cannot make headway against the Kale.
what chance has a sailing vessel?
They will all come along as soon as there
is a change of wind, however, and not one
of the licet but will have a hard luck tale
to telL
One of the biKgest changes ever seen in
towboat circles took place yesterday.
Captain Clem Randall of the tug Relief
has taken command of the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company's steamer
<;•-.. w. Elder. The vessel has bean in
use as a transport and a few days ago
was turned over to her owners. She will
now be put on the run between San Fran
cisco and the Columbia River. Captain
Randall Is one of the best liked and most
capable men In the towboat service on th*»
coast, and his many friends Will be glnd
to hear of hts promotion to an ocean go
ing steamer.
The chances are that Captain Harry
Marshall of the Fearless will take Cap
tain Randall's place on the Relief, and
Captain John Bilovich will take the Fear
less. Captain "Joe" Trewen, who was
I been acting us mate of the Relief. *-ill
again go as master of the Alert, taking
Captain Sllovlch's place.
The transports Columbia and Dalny
Vostok are to sail for Manila to-day with
• the Forty-second Regiment. The Colum
bia will carry the headquarter! and band
and five companies, the other seven com
panies going on th« Dalny Vostok. As
soon as these --.-Is sail the Sherman
will come In from the stream and will
be got away again about next Wednes
day week. The Warren goes out on
Thursday with the Forty-ninth Regiment,
probably on hor last voyage as a troop
ship. On her return from Manila she
ma» be turned Into a freight transport.
With the tirst of the year there will be
ten Government transports In the Ban
, Francisco service, and all the chartered
; vessels will then be released. The Mend,
Logan, Thomas and two others are now
on their way from the Bast to Manila
and will thtMi come on her«. One of these
vessel! and on* of the fleet now here will
be turned Into freight shipn. The other
eight will carry troops.
Three seafaring men had a lively little
encounter In the office of the Inspector*
of Hulls and Boilers a few days ago. Cap
tain Schmidt of the barkentlne Irmga'-d.
Captain G'-neraux, formerly mate of the
Roanoke. and Captain C. Nelson were
passing examinations for promotion.
Qeneraux accused Schmidt of unfair prac
, tires and Schmidt called Generaux a liar.
A mix-up followed, which ended In
Schmidt being knocked out. It took three
minute! to bring him around, and then
j he was not In a condition to continue his
examination.
Two hoodlums named Frank King and
: William Donaldson met with a surprise
party on a Mission street car Sunday
night. There were three gentlemen and
a lady and Officer Callahan of the harbor
, police for« on the car. Callahan was In
1 plain clothes and the hoodlums, paying no
attention to him. proceeded to run the car.
i They Insulted the lady, smashed two of
1 the men's hats over their heads and were
making for the third man when King was
laid out by Callahan with a right-hander.
With the assistance of the conductor, the
, two men were placed under arrest and
charged at the police station with dis
turbing the peace.
Will Consider Wharf £xtension.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
will bear Ibf- representatives of tne North
Central Improvement Association con
cerning the improvement of the water
i front of this port next Friday alternoon.
The association favors the constrm Uoa
of a solid pier and several wharves north
of Market street to provide better ac
commodations for the shipping of the
port.
I>r. Pnrk«>r'B r.iußh Cure. One do«e will stop
a couch. Npv«t fall*. Try It. All drug-gißta, •
In the Divorce Court.
Eugenic If. ("ollln has been granted a
divorce from Francois L. Collin, on ihe
KTouiid of desertion. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Mary T. Gomo against
Louis F. Gomo. for failure to provide.
Anna Bader against Gottlieb Bader, f"r
cruelty; N.inna A. Davis against (ioorge
A. Davis, for desertion, and Melissa X
Smith ugainst Charles W. Smith, for de
sertion.
BRIDE-TO-BE'S PREDICAMENT.
Miss Maggie P. Pashion Cannot Get
Possession of Her Wearing
Apparel.
Ms* Haggle P. Pashion, a pretty girl IS
years of age, living at Jessie and Third
Secured ■ i-<-.irrh warrant from
Judt:. slogan yesterday to secure pos
. of wearing apparel and other arti
dea of U;.- value Of $100 from Mrs. Minnie
Laporte, 143 Silver street.
She told the Judg.- that she was to be
married to Rob* rt EL IfcCallum and the
pr» ■ ured, hut v Mn
Laporte has refused to give op
«f her clothes she was unable t" dress
properly i>>r the occasion, she bad lived
with Mm. Laporte for three of f>>ur yearn,
and Mrs. Laporte did not approve of h»-r
marrlag« to IfcCaUum and k>;>t her
clothes out of . u i>it".
The girl's clothes are now in the pos
n <<( the Property t'i.-rk. and th»»
will hear the •"!«=« thi> morning. His
sympathies are with the young t>r
l it la probable sh.- will i>e able to
obtain her heart'a desire this afternoon.
OVERPAID ITS TAXES.
Gas Company by Mistake Tenders
$40,000 Too Much.
In paying the taxes of somo SSft.WO
yesterday the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company, through an error of
an employe of Wells. Fargo & Co.'s Bank,
paid exactly $40,000 too much Into the city
treasury, or a total of $120,000. The error
was discovered by Treasurer Truman's
deputies and the surplus money was re
turned to the bank's representative.
When the bank opened yesterday morning
one of the officials of the gas company
presented a check for $40.0u0 and four
sacks of money supposed to contain $10,000
each were delivered to him and imme
diately conveyed to the Tax Collector's
office. The taxes were paid with demands
held by the company against the city for
a little over $40,000 and the four sacks of
coin supposed to contain $40,000 and a re
ceipt given. The money was taken to the
Treasurer's oftlce immediately and there
the mistake was discovered and restitu
tion of the $40,000 made.
SWELL SOCIETY
AS HOOT MONS
Goh' Cotillon the Latest
Fad of Upper-Tendum.
SOCIETY is grilnß to have a "hoot
mon" cotillon. The details for this
novel nfTair Were all arrang.-d to-
day. The ten patronesses prepared
the list of Ii vltations. decided upon the
cotillon leader and chose the hall for tne
golf party. The ladies who will act M
patronesses are Mrs. Southard Hoffman,
Mrs. Pelham Amos, Mrs. K. F Pn
Mrs. Josslyn, Mrs. Morgan. Mrs. McCu
then, Mrs. Samuel Knight. Mrs. Murpny,
Mrs. Kittle and Mlfs Hager.
December -.". from 3 until 7 In the after
noon. Is the time set for the affair. It will
b« held at Cotillon Mull and the two hun
dred and fifty invitations insist upon nm
tumes.
F. M. f'ire.-nway will lead the cotillon
Clad like a kilted Highlander The se
lection of Mr. Oreenway for leader prac
ti. ally settles who is Hex in cotillon cir
cles. Several of the "cub" leaders, who
are always in training waiting for the
mantle of their superior to fail upoi
bad .hen shed hopes that this mtair
would rlr.K tho death kn»-ll of the king;
but Mr. Ctreeuway Is evidently .-till Rex.
(fe one In particular pleads guilty of
originating the idea of a goif party. It
"just gTOWed" at an afternoon tea. The
ladles :iU agr^^l that it would be great
fun and to their surprise found that tne
men did not need coaxing.
It Is to be strictly a "golf" party nnd
therefore will be held In the afternoon.
The ladles will wear golf boots, snort
skirts, pink jackets and golf cap*. The
men will be clad as Bonnie Prince Char
lie in ail his plaidnd glory was not. It
may take nine tailors to make a nun,
but a "hoot mon" in knickerbockers and
pink coat requires a dozen. Tlnk," by
way of explanation, Is the correct t»rm
for tho mil Jacket, though it looks "scar
let" to ;h<>s<e uninitiated in the argot of
the links.
This is society's mnlden venture in the
Une of fre.ik affairs. New York has had
Its '"children's" parties, where adults
acted like 10-year-o!ds. Its "paper" balls
and "animal" parties. Hut a "golf party
is something new under any sun.
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE
COMMERCE COMMISSION
Will Consider the Matter of Railway
Safety Appliances in Washing
ton Next Month.
Th« following notice regarding railway
safety appliances has been Issued by the
Interstate Commerce Commission:
••Notice is hereby Riven that numerous
railroad companies have applied to the
Interstate Commerce Commission for fur
ther extension of time (for the period of
a year, or until January 1. U«H(, within
which to equip their cars and locomotives
with automatic couplers and power brakes
as provided by section! 1 and 2 of an act
approved March 2, UM, relating to the
equipment «>f cars and locomotives with
safety appliances, and that a hearing
upon such applications will be had at the
office of the commission in the city of
Washington. D. C. on Wednesday, De
cember C, at 10 o'clock a. m., at which
time and place all persons lntor»"«ted will
have opportunity to be heard In person or
by counsel, whether for or against such
extension, and may forward by mail any
affidavit, statement or argument bearing
upon the question. By order of the com
mission. EDW. A. MOSKLKY.
"Secretary."
Ladles' tailor-made «ult«, fur cap«a, cloak*.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Post st. •
Halo's.
store will be closed all day Thanksgiving. Thursday. Nov. 30.
Doctor . tQJgTJi&r toys and
Kindheart Jw'SFdS^ &* 4(B^ ?^S dolls and
doctors Jfff Jtt^^ <gjfc^^&ag > games — a
dolls free <^"- rrri — -^ basement full
the dinner and the day:
the dinner
first, the table; snowy white table
sets, linen damask covers and napkins
to match, then the table-ware — fine
semi-porcelain made by Clcmentson
Bros., England, decorated in pink,
brown and blue spray of flowers,
until Thanksgiving we are selling them
at 25 per cent less than following reg-
ular prices:
8-Inch dinner plates dozen $1.40
7-inch breakfast plates.. ..dozen $1.20 ,
7-inch soup plates dozen $1.20
6-lnch pie plates dozen $1.00
sauce plates dozen 50c i
butter pads dozen 36e
14-lnch platters each tic
12-lnch platters each 45c
10-inch platters each 27c
8-inch platters each 18c
bakers each 27c
covered dishes each "'•
casseroles each $1.20
pickles each ISc
Jugs 22c
gravy boats 25c
covered butter dish and drainer 50c
cups and saucers dozen $1.40 j
carvers
3-piece set, stag handle carvers, bol-
stered ends; set of 3 .• $2.75
3-piece set of white celluloid handle
carvers set $3.00
3-plece set of Cocobolo handle carv- .
ers; set of 3 $1.75
3-piece set of bone handle carver*
set of 3 $2.50
bed furnishings
blankeiN of good quality, all !
white wool, weighing 4^ pounds; size
60xS0 Inches $2.50 pair
100 pairs white cotton blankets,
good for sheets and ironing blankets;
48x72 Inches 15c pair
*»h«>elN for double beds, unbleach-
ed, with 2-lnch hem; Slx&0, 47', c; 90x
90. 50c.
pillow en*p* — we bought a big
lot before the price went up; they are
here now, at money-saving prices —
45x36 10c pair 50x36 12c pair
54x36 14' % pair
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
SHOT IN THE NECK
BY AN UNKNOWN MAN
LIVELY ROW IN AN EAST-
STREET SALOON.
Edward Burke, ft Sailor on the, lowa,
Wounded During a Heated Dis
pute With a Stranger.
Edward Burke, one of the crew of th*
battleship lowa, was shot In the neck by
an unknown man in .an Kast-street saloon
yesterday. Burke, who was under the in
fluence o. liquor, engaged his murderous
assailant in a wordy dispute as to the
relative merits of Green and Nelll. the
prize-lighters. The sailor, Who Is a warm
admirer of Neil!, declared that he could
have beaten Green In the tlrst round of
th»-lr recent fight If he had so desired.
The stranger replied that Nelll was
clearly outclassed by Green, whereupon
Burke promptly knocked him down. Alter
regaining his feet the stranger drew a
revolver and Bred at Burke. The bullet
grazed Burke'a neck, making a superficial
wound. Immediately after tiring the shot
the WOUld-be murderer ran from the sa
loon and made his escape.
Burke was at once taken to a doctor's
office, where the wound was dressed. Sub
sequently be visited police headquarters
and gave a description Of his assailant to
Captain Bohen. who detailed two of his
men to arrest the shooter, but up to a late
hour last night they had not succeeded in
getting .i trace of him.
PAPER FACTORY FIRE.
Spontaneous Combustion Causes a
Loss ol $3000.
A disastrous lire broke out in the Bart
lett Paper Can and Box Factory at 434
Jackson street about 7 o'clock last even-
Ing and before It could be held under con
trol about $3000 worth of damage was
done.
The place had clored about C o'clock
and at that time there was no lire on
the premises. About 7 o'clock Special
Officer (.Men paw smoke Issuing from the
front of the building and turned In an
alarm from box 27. When the depart
ment arrived the Interior of the place
was ablaze and In a short while the entire
contents and fixtures were rendered use
less by fire and water. The cause of the
conflagration Is supposed to have been
spontaneous combustion.
A Pillow for Dewey.
Mrs. Bell Ingram, -department president
of the Ladles of the Grand Army of the
Republic, will In a short time send to Ad
miral Pewey a beautiful pillow as a gift
of the ladles of circles of California. The
pillow baa a hand-painted portrait <>'
Dewey's flagship Otympla, by Mrs. wil
llum Kennedy, surrounded by ribbons in
national colors, bearing the names of m
ladies of the circles. On tho reverse side
Is a spray of popples worked by Mrs. In
gram. The pillow Is a work of art In Its
conception and execution, and will bear
with it the best wishes of the designer
and the ladles of the circles of California.
» » »
Safe-Crackers at Work.
An attempt was made to break open
the ■.'<■ In the ofllce of Moody's ware
house, 125 to 135 Hluxome street. Sunday
night, but beyond breaking the combina
tion no damage was done. Entrance had
been effected by breaking open ■ side
door. The police were notified yesterday
morning, but no clew has been obtained
to the safe-crackers.
WEAK MEN
jf \ Young or Old,
' * _^|| Who would speedily regain their former vigo*
f* ' m^ SpT'^4 should wear k
Is DR - piERC^s famous
1 £*$& \ ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
t^SfAS <^jl No drugs necessary. Electricity does the
»p8»!^* lS *^^-k^il^ work - Thousands have been cured. Buy no
WMft-^4i™^; belt till ,ou see "DR. P/ERCrs.- '
\U f\: nrffjfflfL»T"" ! tT Cnl > "t 1S» office or send 2c in homo*
W VV for "PAMPHLET f/o. 2- Address
v^Mw' PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
120 Market Street On- p»Um h^k c^j Fr»uclic»
Halo's. .__
the day
whether it's the game or not, the
wearables are here; a hundred hints
and fancies for outdoors or indoors.
ribbons
all silk, first quality, plain and
moire taffeta ribbon in all the lead-
ing shade*.
ribbon 3*i. 4% and 4', Inches wide
all go in th» lot at one price; an ex-
cellent opportunity to save money on
ribbon ruflles for Christmas sofa pil-
lows and every use a wide, fine rib-
bon can be put to He yard
good gloves
you will be right when you go to
the left; good gloves are there — good
enough for our guarantee: kept in re-
pair and cleaned free of charge.
our H. B. $1 glove, soft, pliable
lambskin, that is second only to the
best French kid: 2 clasps: In white,
navy. tan. green, brown, mode, gray
and black $1
ladles' 2-elasp rape gloves In latest
EnglU tans and reds; compare with
Dent's . $1
misses" 2-clasp lambskin gloves... $1
ladies' 3-clasp Hte. Jouvln glove:
very best French kid: we haven't a
better glove; com** In a complete line
of colors and shades $1.50
art goods
heavy satin cushion tops, designs of
Spanish girl, cuplds and on the Kile;
a beautiful color assortment.. .$2 each
finished complete with ribbon ruffle..
$7.50 each
painted Cordel cushion tops $1
finished complete with ribbon ruffle..
$6.50 each
stamped and tinted cushion cover*,
design, basket of violets 50c
embroidered and mounted.. slo.so each
■tamped and tinted cushion cover?*,
design, basket of roses 50c
embroidered and mounted.. s3.so each
satin sets, hand-painted cushion
and two bottles, trimmed with lace
and bows Of ribbon $3.50 set
picture frames In university colors..
25c each
ROBBERS POSE AS
GOOD SAMARITANS
THOMAS FITZSIMMO2 S HAS AN
EXCITING ADVENTURE.
Has His Wrist Brokrn and on HU
Way Home Is Oarroted and
Robbed.
Thomas Fltzslmmons. 33 Minna street,
thought he had fallen Into the hands of
three ■pod Samaritans early yesterday
morning, but later he found to his sor
row that he had fallen among thieves.
He had his wrist broken late Sunday
night and was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where It was attended to. lie
left the hospital shortly after midnight,
and while on his way home met three
men. lie told them of his mishap, and as
he was suffering considerable pain they
offered to see him safely home.
They walked along together, and Fltx
slmmons. at their suggestion, took them
into a saloon and treated them to a
drink. He paid fo» the drinks with a
five-dollar gold piece and they saw him
put the change In his pocket. They left
the saloon, and when they were In front
of Tompklns" stables, on Minna street be
tween First and Second, one of the trio
threw his arms round Fltzslmmons' neck
and stranded him. He took USO out of
Fltxelmmona* pocket and bolted, followed
by the other two.
Fltzslmmons yelled for the police and
his cries were heard by Policemen Staples
and Cooney. who started In pursuit They
chased one of the trio as far as Slitter anil
Montgomery streets, where he was can
tured by Policeman D. Murphy, He was
taken to the City Prison and booked on
a charge of robbery. He was Identified
by Fitzslmmons as the man who
strangled and robbed him.
He gave the name of J. W. B..! an d but
whs recognized later as Marry Baldwin
an ex-convlct. He served two years in*'
Folsom penitentiary for shooting at Nat
Woods in Billy Abbott's saloon on Grant
avenue. He was released about two
months ago.
Black & Tan
—"The American Porter"— haa been t*mtn|«|
for yars. but never before »u.-r^«<ifii!;)f at
tained. It I* • perfected brew of th« An
neuter-Bunch nrewlnjr Aia'n.
Eureka s Storm Coming.
To-day it behoove* the careful dtUen
to don his norm giar. Up In Eureka 5.n0
Inches of rain have fallen since Friday
and the southern edge of the storm will
sweep this city to-day. "While the nln
we may expect will not be cortlnuous. vet
WO are likely to have some stray show
ers." said Alexander McAdle last night
The rains will prove discouraging to Sac
ramento Valley farmers. a.«. owing to th«
plentiful downpour this season they hav#
not yet got their crops sown.
There Is no h»a<larh« In Jnm Moor* »hii.
fc«jr. That'll because It I.* pure.
Wllley Will Contest.
Th« defense to the context instltutinl
aKnln.«t the will of the late Charles W'a].
tor Wllley by his heirs opened yesterday
All of the witnesses who testified were
reputable business men of the city and
jrave evidence M to the sanity of the de
ceased. Argument In the case, will b©
beard by the court and Jury to-day and
a decision Is expected at noon to-morrow.