VOLUME LXXXVI-NO 106.
THREE WOMEN KILLED IN A
TRAIN WRECK AT FAMOSO
Northbound Southern Pacific Passenger Train
Crashes Into a Caboose While Running
at Full Speed,
o— o— o— ©— ©— o — ©— ©— •— o — «
I
0 •KTTT.TT). 3
o 3ERS. 2T AGGIE X A. TORS, _
I Loa Angeles.
0 imS- BOSS, her mother. 0
MBS. LiEUE.
O 0
IXJTTRZD.
# EKOIHEEB "EIGHT. •
# FTRI3CAS KXLItAB*
EBACKWAXBZB, sane on
# kBOVB. •
— — © — •- • — — © — © — 0 —
BAKERS FIELD, ffept I*.—North
bound Southern Pacific passenger train
>*o. ran into a caboose of a freight
train at 10 o'clock last evening- at Fa
rnoso station. Three Tomen were
killed. Engineer E. XV. Wright was
fcadly burned and scalded. The fireman
is not expected to recover, and a track
walker, name unknown, was also badly
injured. One woman was also slightly
injured.
The caboose belonged to the Porter
vflle freight. It was standing on the
main line when struck, where it had
teen switched a short time before. It
appears that the passenger train was
going at full speed when it struck the
caboose. Famoeo is a Sag station, and
the train had no occasion to stop there
-
The mail and bag-gage cars were
badly wrecked and the caboose smashed
to Cinders.
Fireman Keeler Jumped and was se
verely injured. Engineer Wright was
pinioned against the head of the en
gine and was badly scalded and mash-
Led.. He may recover. An unknown
man in the front end of the caboose had
a splinter run through his wrist.
Mrs. Haggle llajora was instantly
killed; also llrs. Ross, her mother. The
other woman who was killed is un
known, but she is believed to be ilrs.
l^inie, who resided in the neighborhood
cf Portervillle.
It appears that the Porterville train
was occupying the passenger's track
•when the wreck occurred, yet the cas
sehger violated the rules by running
Into the station at full speed.
The dispatcher at fOrn Aeaied for"
sorr.e time that the women had been
hurt, even after the special train had
REBELS OF VENEZUELA
ROUT FEDERAL TROOPS
General Castro With an Army of Six
Thousand Insurgents Is Reported to
Have Annihilated the Government
Forces at Carora.
HARBOR OF LA GUAYRA. VENEZUELA.
• 4
£ The United States cruiser Detroit was expected to reach. La Guayra yesterday. The vessel was dispatched there to I
♦ protect the interests at American citizens. La Guayra is but two hours' ride from Caracas, with which it la connected
f by ♦
\YORK, Sept. 1 3. — - -: . _-• m rezvluiton was received to-day
' I from tke vice president of the military committee m
:■■;■- This committee is now located in one of the West
: In his letter, which is dated Sep ?, the \ riter says that the
mg rapid Parts of the repubßc. The commanders in vat
:■■ ■ ■■ ana. Brothers H-: r e. General Gaiindez; in Carabolo, Sal
■ and Samuel Acosta; in Lamora. *gro, Masqueda, Matote and Mercado; m Lara
- : . - :nn and A ragua. Rendon and others.
The letter further saxs that in Corn 1 lin arms •- General Cipriano Castro
rrmyeft ft Valeria - ■ md m August 26 asm tied the QaotmrnemL
Guevara and Planas.
It is r, ■:■• ■ . ■ r writer, at Porto Cabella and Caracas that Caszro pursued the Gov
f / troops to Bawmnswteto and captured that tozin.
The San Francisco Call.
I left for the scene with physicians.
' Later reports say that Mrs. Majors re
sided at Santa Monica and was soim:
home with her mother. Mrs. Ross. ■ The
Srerr.an was badly injured. The un
known man is a track talker: he is
unconscious and may die. The dead
and injured were taken to the deoot.
Beds -were made for injured, and
they -were resting well when the phy
sicians arrived.
Mrs. Majors and Mrs. Lame -were
both dead when taken from the wreck.
but Mrs. Ross was still alive, althouzh
she died about midnight. The bodies
of the ' three women were frightfully
mansrled and bruised, thar of the wo
man supposed to be Mrs. Larue havinar
hardly a whole bone left. A railroad
physician happened to be aboard the
passenger train and superintended re
moval of the injured to the depot wait
ing 1 room, where they were made as
comfortable as possible until the ar
rival of the wrecking train, brinsrins
physicians from Bakersneld.
A sad feature of the accident is the
anguish of the friends and relatives of
the dead ladies who were awaitins
their arrival at Portervillle. Mrs. Ma
jors had been absent nearly a year and
her arrival was to be the occasion for
a reception in her honor:
Engineer Wright has a family living
in Fresno and he will be taken there.
Fireman Keller came here but recent
ly from Los Angreles and is thousht to
be unmarried, as he Is quite a youn^
man.
♦- — ■ —
TRAINS COLLIDE
NEAR SANTA CRUZ
H-Ao
- --
■
■
- -
-
- - .
-
vVN FEA>'CISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899.
■
F
- - :
- ■ ■■- . - i the
■ oach.
. -
is very ba ;
- Dr. Kr. - - - -
-
■ ■
■
■i■ ■ .
■
ONE OF THE BAND OF
TRAIN-ROBBERS CAPTURED
PHOENIX. Ariz.. S«?pc 13,— One of the
I bandits who held up the Southern Pacific |
: train, at Coehise Saturday night has been j
' arrested at ' Willcox.' buf the j oScers re-
I fuse to disclose his identity. A second j
! posse has grone to the Chirtcahtxa Moun- I
j tains in pursuit of the bandits.
AUDIENCES WITH POPE
TEMPORARILY STOPPED
■ ■ - ■■■. ■■.■■■ I
LON'DOX. Sept- 13.— A special dispatch
from Rose says the Pope is only suffering
from a cold, unaccompanied by fever, but '
as a precautionary measure his audiences i
have been temporarily suspended.
ROME. Sept. 13.— An official note an- ;
nounces that the Pope will be unable to j
grant separate audiences to the Immense \
number of pilgrims expected to come to I
Rome dining the holy year, but as he is j
anxious ... deprive them of the
benefits of the apostolic benediction he j
will follow the example of his predeces- i
sors in similar circumstances and will i
pronounce a solemn benediction in the j
court of Belvidere or elsewhere, as may fee ;
convenient.
The arrangement, which comes Into
force forthwith, caused various comment. \
It is supposed that the decision is due to
the advice of his physicians. One of the
first effects will be that the Pope will no: ;
receive the French pilgrimage that is due |
here next week. In this way Cardinal ;
Rampoita; Papal Secretary of State, will >
gain his desire that the Pope shall not '
speak publicly on the Dreyfus affair.
FIRE IN A HOP CAMP
T Hen An Left Hameloa kt
P . - : - .
-
-
-
-
■ .
THERE WAS NO NECESSITY FOR
WAR IN THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
General Reeve
Says Otis Was
Inconsiderate
Natives Were Ignored
and Made Enemies
Instead of Friends.
PEN'ERAL. C. lIcC REEVE, who
| sailed from San Francisco June 27.
I _ :■•■ as colonel commanding 1 the
I 7- ----- Minnesota Volunteers,
V_-^ and who was subsequently pro
moted to the rank of brigadier general for
meritorious conduct in action, 13 a fre
cjuent and welcome visitor in the camp
of -he aOnnesotaa at the Presidio.
Shortly after the occupation of Manila
by the American troops General Reeve
was assigned to duty as chief of police,
and while serving in that capacity met
many of the leading merchants and pro
fessional men of the city of Manila.
At the Occidental Hotel yesterday the
general was asked on behalf of The Call
to express his opinion touching 1 the situa
tion of affairs in the Philippines. He re
luctantly consented to an interview, but
desired at the outset to disclaim any in
tention to criticize the national policy of
dealing with affairs in the archipelago, or
to pass judgment on the direction of mil
itary operations on the island of Luzon.
He was willing to speak of what he saw
and heard while on duty at Manila and to
express his judgment regarding the capa
city of Filipinos for self-government.- On
these topics he remarked:
""When 1 was appointed chief of police
of a city of 320.000 inhabitants I deemed iz
wise to ascertain as soon as possible
somekfns definite and to the point re
garding the character, traits, disposition
and intelligence of the natire population.
Accordingly I sought the counsel of the
leading English. Scotch and German mer
chants. They told me that the Filipinos
were intelligent, industrious, peaceable
and fond of home life. Personal investi
gation convinced me that the natives
were engaged in all branches of industry.
In the professions at law and medicine
were many of the natives.
"The best dentist in Luzon was an
oScer in Aguinaldo's army. In tie
field :: mechanical and rail-way pur
suits the Filipinos were active and
promisine. I ~as surprised to ascer
tain that the diffusion of knowledge
was general. The percentage of na
tives able to read and write was large.
The enrollment of students in the
San Voaßßfl and Dciiin::T a
ties and the attention paid to such
branches of knowledge as law, medi
cine, liberal arts and civil engineer
ing excited ny surprise. Five thou
sand students were enrolled at the
Dominican University. I mention
these facts to dispel the impression
that the Filipinos are ignorant and
unlettered savages. Throughout the
provinces in the island of Luzon good
common schools and high schools are
maintained, the teachers being 1
native priests."
General Reeve was asked what was the
disposition of the natives toward Ameri
cans, and what progress the Filipinos had
made in the direction of self-government.
"In the provinces." said General Ri?-?ve.
••■w* found courts and schools established
and fnund local authorities administer
ing affairs of government. Hen? was a
system of collecting taxes and disbursing
the money so collected in the interests of
the governed. The disposition of the na
tives was that of extreme friendship
toward Americans. In the city of Mi
nila the Filipinos, especially those who
were wealthy, were anxious to remove
the impression that they were ignorant of
the requirements of modern life and the
usages of civilization. They readily ex
tended the hospitality of their homes to
American officers of the military and civil
- -
"Did General E. 8. Otfs object to the
interchange of social amenities?"
•There was no official objection, but it
wa3 well understood at headquarters that
these social visits excited the displeasure
of General Otis. One incident I particu
larly recall. General Garcia, though an
officer of Aguinaldo's army, invited me
to a fitsta at CaloocaTi. yaite a number
of officers accepted the invitation, among
them Colonel Frost of the South Dakota^.
Vv"e were entertained most hospitably.
The after dinner speeches evidenced many
sentiments of friendship. A full account
of the function was published in the Ma
nila newspapers. The topic was discussed
at headquarters and the officers who at
tended were not commended. Thereafter
it was chilly for those who exchanged
social greetings with the Filipinos.
"While I was General Garcia's
guest," resumed General Reeve. '-I
met an officer of his staff who spoke
English fluently. Naturally the fu
ture of the islands was the topic of
conversation, which brought forward
the question whether the natives were
capable of self-government. General
Garcia's talk was interpreted. He fa
vored a policy of permitting the na
tives to test their ability to govern
themselves under the protection of
the United States. The same senti
ments were expressed by Aguinaldo.
At Maiolos in October I saw Aguin
aido and had extended talks with him.
Then he did not signify r desire that
the Filipinos should have absolute
independence at once, but expressed
the thought that protection guaran
teed, by the United States would be
acceptable. He had in mind that
the natives should conduct the local
government and the United States
should protect them against foreign
oppression or interference. When
Aguinaido was asked if the Filipinos
were united on that point he frankly
said no. but assured us that he could
bring the dissenters into line. He
said one party was for absolute in
dependence while the other party fa
vored a protectorate."
General Reeve was asked if th» blood
shed — the conflict of arms— could have
been averted by an. intelligent policy of
conciliation, and to the question he re
plied: , - :■:■:;;•;:;
"Conciliatory^ methods would have jre
GENERAL REEVE EXPLAINS HOW THE WAR COULD EASILY
HAVE BEEN PREVENTED.
-- .. Conciliatory methods would nave prevented tne war. bow, we all agree to tlie propasiti
that the insurrection must be suppressed, but in the beginning a conciliatory course was not adoptt
General Otis' unfortunate proclamation of January 4 rendered conciliation almost impossible. .
adopted the policy of ignoring the natives, of treating them as half-civilized savages. Xo indicati
was given to the Filipinos as to the future intentions of the Government. In August, Septemt
and October immediately following the capture of Manila the Filipinos kepi inquiring what we wt
going to do, and our authorities replied, 'We cannot tell until ike Paris Commission gets through
The Filipinos zvould ask, ' What zvill you do if you acquire the islands f And still no hint w
given to them by General Otis until it was too late. He ignored them completely. At every si
of the peace negotiations he stipulated that nothing should be considered until the Filipinos la
down their arms. Herein is where the native* mistrusted the Americans. The Filipinos had' ma,
lessons from Spain in the folly of laving; down arms. They were not able to ... the diftt
■■■" A. •:'if^. ... .. . .- ! -•: V... „ --.- •- ■ ■ ■ • ■ 
GENERAL C. McC. REEVE OF MINNESOTA.
vented the war. Now. we all agree- to I
the proposition that the insurrection must '
be suppressed, fcut to the beginning a con.- ■
ciliatory course was net adept*-!. General :
Otis' unfortunate proclamation at Jan- !
vary 4 rendered conciliation almost irn
■ possible. He adopted the policy of pa r- J
ing the natives, of treating- them as half
civilizfid savages. No indication wa:s jriv^n j
to the Filipinos as to the future intentions j
of the Government. In August, September :
and October immediately following the j
capture of Manila the Filipinos kept in- i
quiring what we were going to do. and our ■
authorities replied. "We cannot tell until j
the Paris Commission gets through.' The f
Filipinos would ask," 'What will you do If !
you acquire the islands?' And still no j
hint was given to them by General j
Otis until it was too late. He ' I«
--nored them completely. At every step
at th« p«?ace negotiations he stipulated
that nothing should be considered until
the Filipinos laid down their arms. Here
in is where the natives mistrusted the
Americans. The Filipinos had many les
sons from Spain in the folly of laying
down arms. They were not a. - to com
prehend the difference 111 I win ■ Spanish
and American promises.
""While Agninaldo was seeking to
obtain from General Otis some outline
cf the future policy of the United
States the war party in the Cabinet,
headed by General Luna, was gain- j
ing strength daily. Instead of Aguin- j
aldo controlling those who demanded
absolute independence the parties ■
making the demand succeeded in get
ting him tinder control.
"Admiral D*;*"- entertains a high opin
ion of the industry a: I intelligence of rhe
natives. He employed many of them st
Cavite Arsenal and spoke highly of them.
The natives expressed great admiration
for the admiral. He holds to the opinion
that the Filipinos are capable of self-gov
ernment and in my judgment he firmly
believes that the war could have been
honorably avoided by an enlightened pol- ■
icy of conciliation In dealing with the na- ■
tives. The Filipinos are much better fit
ted for independence and self-government
than, are the Cubans. It is my under
standing that Admiral Dewey has on sev
eral occasions stated that the Filipinos
were capable cf setf-govemmer.t and that
a wise policy of conciliation would have
averted the war against the natives."
Doubtless . the American public j
would read with much interest a dis- <
patch which Admiral Dewey cabled to .
the President last December in re
sponse to a message wired by the
President requesting the . admiral's :
views of i the situation in the Philip
pines".
Regarding the apprehension that the na
tives were bent on pillage, riot and murder i
in Manila, General Reeve said there never |
pas tee sugntest danger m that direction.
There were five, thousand insurgents- in
he city at the time qt the American, cc
rupation. On the Calle ReaL they had as
iiany posts as the" Americans had and not
in aet^f rioting or pillage was reported. •
"An-tftier example of their good behav
or in j,:hi-» 'respect ■-..._■ "at ' Iloilo.
Hie natives had possession of the town
>efore tne Americans went there and their
trst act ... to send in a force of 500. men
o protect the city.- The protiiction ■ara.j
jnpie. There was no destruction of prop
irty until they executed the threat to de
stroy in the event of Americans landing
o take oossession."
r
VANDERBILT'S
FUNERAL TO BE
SEMI-PUBLIC
Dr. Greer Will Conduct the
Services in St. Barthol
omew^ Church.
No One Knows the Exact Value of
the Estate, as It Has. Greatly
Increased in the Year.
Special Despatch to Tie Call.
NEW YORK. " Sept- 13. — The funeral
of Cornelius Vanderbilt, who died yes
terday morning. is to be held at 10 ■
o'clock on Friday morning: in St. Bar
tholomew's Church, in which Mr. Van
derbilt was a pew holder. The service |
will be conducted by Rev. Dr. David !
H. Gr«er. the rector. Bishop Potter will j
be present. The clergy of the church j
will assist the rector. Dr. Greer will
be at the Vanderbilt residence at 3:30
o'clock to conduct a short service d
prayer, before the church service. ;* !
The main body of the church, includ
ing the pews along the central aisle, is
to be reserved for the members of the
family and -the associates of Mr. Van
derbilt. in the various businesses and
charitable institutions in which he was
directly i-'erested. The pew 3 opening
from th-. -wo side aisles are to be
opened to the general public. There are
PKICE FIVE CEMS.
to b<? no. tickets of admission. A acuad
of police is to "be assigned to keep or
der outside, the church. As the body
is carried lira the church the orzanist
will! play Chopin's- funeral march. The
following' named honorary pall bear
ers will walk behind the coffin: John.
Hone. George R. Fearing. Chauncey
M. Depew, J. Fierpont Morgan. H. B.
Ledyard. Frederick Bronson. Samuel
F. Ban W. Bayard Cutting:. Georars
A. Crocker and George MacCulloch
Miller.
The. music at the church will be fur
nished by a choir of sLxty voices. Im
mediately after the service the casket
will be taken to the foot of Forty-sec
ond street, where a boat is to be in
waiting' to convey the funeral party to
Staten Island for the burial at New
dorp in the Vanderbllt tomb. The
party is to be numerous enough to SO
twenty coaches.
Senator Depew to-night denied the
report which had gained currency that
Mrs. Vanderbilt was dangerously ili.
Mr. Depew said that she had suffered
from shock, as was natural, but was
in good health to-night.
A death mask was taken to-night by
a representative of Augustus St. Gau
dens, who will make a bust.
There has been no word from Alfred
G. Vanderbilt. who was cabled to at
Yokohama. Japan.
"Mr. Vanderbilt's death will have no
effect on the Vanderbilt properties/*
said Mr. Depew to-day. "William K.
Vanderbilt, w?lth his brother's consent,
took his position at their head two
years ago. Nothing will have to be
sold in the settlement of the estate. Mr.
Vanderbilt's life was not insured."
The friends of the family are yet la
ignorance of the provisions of the wilL
Mr. Depew said that William K. Van
derbilt i 3 in charge of everything, aa
he is the head of the family.
A gentleman familiar with the Van
derbiit interests said to-day: "No on<s
knows the exact value of Corneliu3
Vanderbiit's estate. Although he kept
his properties carefully itemized he
could not tell their value, as the values
fluctuated. His estate increased about
one- third in value during the last eight
een months. I do not think the sen
eral public will be made familiar with
the items of his estate. some time the
gross value of it may be known, so as
to comply with the law concerning the
inheritance tax. but I don't believe the
estate of Cornelius Vanderbilt will be
laid bare as was that of Jay Gould. It
is also probable that several trust funds
have been formed under the will, so
that the estate may be entailed for at
least two generations. Mr. Vanderbilt
left some large sums to charitable pro
jects, undoubtedly, and these figures
may be made public. I would not be
surprised if a special trust fund had
been formed for the benefit li the in
fant son of Cornelius- Vacderbilt Jr."2
GREAT NAVAL PARADE
IN DEWEY'S HONOR
Active Preparations Are Being Made for a
Wonderful Spectacular Display on
the Bay of New York.
PROGRAMME OF CELEBRATION I
ON ARRIVAL OF THE ADMIRAL
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 28.
Admiral Dezvey will arrive in port. If the Olympia
arrives in the afternoon she will take her place at the licad
of the line of warships off Tjompkinsville.
Rear Admiral Sampson zvill board the Olympia and wel
come home Admiral Dezvey in the name of the National Gov
ernment.
Mayor lan Wyck and the members of the Plan and
■ Committee zvill visit the Olympia and welcome Ad
miral Dezvey I I f Nezv York.
In the ez'cning the harbor will be illuminated with red
fire — on the Jersey side as far south as Seabnght and on the
Island shore as far east as Far Rockaway.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 29.
Naval parade, starting off Tompkinsville at noon and
passing ■ North River to Grant's tomb, where the Olympia
zvill anchor, the other vessels in line passing around her in re
- ' the admiral. Fifteen warships and about tzvo hundred
and fifty other vessels zvill be in line.
7p. in. the night pageant zvill begin. There zvill be
simultaneous pyrotechnic exhibitions in the North River oft
Gram's tomb and in the East River off Wards Island. These
zvill last forty-five minutes.
Flotillas of fireboats zvill then pass down the North and
Hast rivers, reaching the Battery and meeting there at 8: 30
p. m. The combined flotillas will give a magnificent exhibition
of fireworks off the Battery lasting three-quarters of an hour.
While the river pageant is in progress there zvill be dis
plays of fireworks, including many elaborate set pieces, at tire
•• in Manhattan and the Bronx, two in Brooklyn, one in
Queens and one in Richmond. In Manhattan and the Bronx these
displays zvill take place at Mount Morris Park. Fifty-ninth street
and Fifth avenue, Union Square, City Hall Park and at the
junction of the Southern boulevard and the Concourse in the
IX.
In Brooklyn at the soldiers' and sailors' monument, en
■ Prospect Park and at the Borough Hall ; in Queens,
at the LefHg Island City Courthouse, and in Richmond on Bar
ron Hill, the highest point on Statcn Island.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30.
Presentation at o a. m. of the loving cup to Admiral Dezvex
in front of the City Hall. On a near-by stand two thousand
school children will sing national anthems during the presenta
tion ceremonies. At W o'clock the admiral, escorted by the
Mayor and followed by l^o guests, will ride in a carriage under
military escort to Claretnont, where breakfast will be served on
the lawn at 11:30 o'clock.
At Ip. m. the military parade will start from Grant's
tomb, the admiral riding in a carriage at the head with the
Mayor, and followed by the guests at the breakfast. The party
will alight at Madison Square, where the admiral will review
procession from the stand erected at that point. It will be 7
p. m. before the last of the parade passes.
At Bp. m. the smoker to the Olympia's crezv zvill take
place in the Waldorf -Astoria.
On both Friday and Saturday nights the Brooklyn bridge
willl be magnificently illuminated: also the arch in Madison
Square, the Borough Hall in Brooklyn and the triumphal pillars
on Montague Terrace, Brooklyn.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— General
Howard Carroll and Lieutenant
tnander Fremont returner! to
day from Washington, whither
they had gone to consult with the Navy
Department and the Secretary of the
Treasury regarding the participation in
the parade of ships of war and revenue
cutters.
General Carroll Eaid that the Treas
ury Department would assign as many
revenue cutters as the commission
wanted— up to six or eight— and that
Captain Hodgson, commander of the
Mc<*ulloch a t Manila, would be In com
mand of the revenue cutter division.
The warships are to proceed in single
column formation. The yachts division,
being commanded by Eldridge T. Gerry,
wIH proceed in single column forma
tion and small yachts will follow in
double column formation. Large ex- !
curslon steamers will come m-xt in sin
gle column and tugs and smaller ex
cursion steamers in double column.
Much anxiety has been felt over the
possible inability of thp naval commit
tee to keep the excursion boats in line.
This haa happily been settled. Lieu- |
t'-nant Commander Fremont, who is!
supervisor of the harbor, hap unearthed j
mi old law that provides for the con
lUCt of captains of craft during a re
, iow or parade. Under that law a mas
; who disobeys the orders of rightful
i uthortties is subject to arrest and re
•ion of his license. In case of the
ait parade the proper authorities
uill be the police patrol boats.
General Roehn has not yielded his
position in regard to the line for the
l;ind parade. He still holds that Fifth i
avenue is the only street, and will try 1
arid convince the other members of the
plan and scope committee at a meeting
to decide the question on Friday.
Captain Dulicken of the British
steamer Clan Robertson, which arrived
from Glasgow to-day, is an enthusias
tic admirer of Admiral Dt-wey. and of
ihe reception committee sixty of
Beers and men to participate in
the parade. The Clan Robertson is
ned by natives of India, who will
nt a novel appearance in their
uniforms, with chiefs of different
astes in red sashes,
"In February last," says Captain
Dulicken, "we met the United States
transport Grant bound to Manila with j
troops. One of my officers dropped
over the side and there painted on her
side in letters two feet high. 'Good
Luck,' at which the troops cheered us
heartily."
In response to an official invitation
of toe city, Sir Thomas .Upton to-day
Ff-nt a letter' of acceptance. He has
planned for_the lighting of his yacht
Erin on the night of the naval parade
with 3000 Incandescent lights. Swung
between two masts the word "Erin"
will be spelled in big letters made of
incandescent lights. At the foremast
the. Shamrock's flag will be set up flat
as a transparency, and at the main
mast head will be a like transparency
of the stars and stripes, both of which
will be lighted from within.
GIBRALTAR, Sunday, Sept. 10.— The
flagship Olympia, with Admiral Dewey
on board, left to-day for New York di
rect. On Friday the admiral, accom
panied by Flag Lieutenant Brumby
I visited the srhoolship Saratoga, where
th« apprentice boys received him with
j due honors and on his departure gave
three hearty cheers.
The admiral then visited the training
ship Alliance. Commander Albert Ross
and the other officers, in special full
drt-Hs uniform, received him on the
quarter deck, after which Admiral
DeWejj Inspected the crew at quarters.
j He was very much pleased with the
fine nppearance of the ship and its
I fivw. The admiral quite won the hearts
of t"he boy?. This was especially il
lustrated by one incident which, while
a lad one, brought out the admiral's
Interest in them. o n the morning of
his visit, while lowering a boat, the lan
yard oh the detaching fork parted and
one end of the boat dropped into the
water, throwing a boy from the boat
overboard and breaking his right
leg badly below the knee. The boy's
name is Ritchie s. Maddock, and it was
I with rare nerve that he swam to a
I rope and held on until picked up. On
being taken into the boat he said his
leg hurt and it was then discovered
that the limb was broken. The boy
was taken to sick bay. The doctor
asked if he wanted anything and the
boy, looking around, said:
"1 want to see the admiral when he
comes on board."
The doctor told him he would ask
the admiral to come to the sick bay
When the admiral went around the ship
he saw the boy and told him it was
too bad he had had an accident, but
that they would take him home on the
Olympia. The boys face fairly beamed
with pleasure. Later some of the other
boys told the doctor they would like
to have their legs broken, too, if they
could go home with the admiral.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1599.
GOLD PLENTIFUL ON THE
BEACH AT CAPE NOME
Mining Is Carried on in a Primitive "Way, but
Hundreds of Inexperienced Miners Are
Making a Good Living.
This view Is taken from the west bank of the Snake River, and shows the business section of the town In the distance.
ANVIL CITY. Alaska, Aug. 21.— Upon
Interviewing miners, merchants
and professional men, I find that
they all agree upon one point and
that is that the Cape Nome min
ing district is the richest place on
the Pacific Coast, if not in the world,. for
where is there another place where an
inexperienced miner can take an old-fash
ioned rocker and take out from the sands
on. the beach "from $10 to $100 per day?—
such is the case here. There are 1000 or
1200 men now working side by side on the
beach, near the mouth of Snake' River.
How long this will last is a speculation,
but as the beach prospects good for
many miles in each direction it is natural
to suppose that it will hold out for two
or three years, at least, but that depends
also on the number, of men and the means
employed In working it. The deposits of
gold lie in "pockets" in the richest spots
and are also scattered freely ; among the
sands in other places, as though it has
been thrown up by the action of the
waves. ':?■■.■".
The miners are a good-natured lot of
men and all classes and nationalities are
represented, with the exception of Chinese
and Japanese. Men who " come here .to
practice law or medicine are found among
them working with the pick, shovel, rock
er and pan. There has been but very lit
tle trouble among them and this i.-' re
markable from the fact that they are as
"thick as bees" at the richest points, and
one man Is allowed only as much ground
as he can compass with his shovel— when
this is worked out he finds another place.
In most instances \ the pay streak is
found, from five feet to seven feet from
tin* surface In a ruby sand deposit ' and
agMn deeper on a clf/y formation, which
acis as a bed-rock; there is no. gold found
pnder this Quicksilver, copper . plates
arid blanket s are used to catch It, as the
gold is very fine and the sand extremely
heavy; much gold is lost by being washed
over and in time this ground will be all
reworked.
A week ago Lieutenant Wallace M.
Craigie, who is stationed here with twen
ty men of Company E, Seventh Infantry,
from Fort Sheridan, 111., arrested '.'-•;
beach miners on a complaint sworn out
by the Cape Nome Mining Company, who
claimed the beach where the miners were
at work. The men were placed in the
unfinished barracks .now being built for
the soldiers, but were soon released and
returned to their work, as the Cape Nome
Mining Company was not ready to prose
cute them and had not figured on feeding
puch a body of men at Alaska prices, and
It is now thought that there will be noth
ing further done, for as Lieutenant
Cralgie Informed be. he had received in
structions from Captain Walker at St.
Michael that the beach was open back to
high-watermark. -. '--, •■"':■.■- -..<
Too much cannot be said in praise of
the manner in which Lieutenant Craigie
has managed affairs here. He is a very
intelligent young man, anil with the men
under him Is held In high esteem by all
classes here. He informs me that there
PRUDENCE
NOW URGED
BY IRELAND
Has Sympathy for Dreyfus,
but Would Not Unjustly
Criticize France.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUU Minn., Sept. 13.—Arch
bishop Ireland to-day, asked for his
opinion on the meeting to protest
against the verdict of the Renneg court
martial, said:
"It is my belief that public meetings
in America such as it is proposed to
hold for the puipose of protesting
against the sentence of the Rennes
court-martial are untimely, unfair to
France and likely to breed regrettable
ill-feeling between that country and
our own, I shall not deny that I had
always in my heart deep sympathy for
the unfortunate officer who has been
under trial in Rennes, and that I had
wished and hoped that the sentence of
the court would be one of acquittal.
Hut it is another question to face the
verdict of the court the moment that
verdict has been declared with the as- i
sertion that it 1*? plainly against truth
and that the court from which it is
sues is guilty of base injustice and sac
rilege — perjury. And it is still more so
another question to lay upon Franco
the crime of the verdict, if crime there
be in it, and to throw at a whole people
and at their government insulting epi
thets. Let us wait.
"This whole matter belongs to the in
ternal life and to the Internal adminis
tration of France, and international
courtesy as well as justice bids us talk
about it very carefully and very slowly.
France is a proud, sensitive nation. She
will deeply resent, as it is her right,
undue criticism and hasty judgment of
her acts by a foreign people and es
pecially will she resent, as it is surely
her right, any uncalled for interference
with her internal administration and
any imprudent challenging of her na
tional honor. France has been our
friend for ages. She was our friend
when no other nation befriended us.
She is our friend to-day. She is a sis
ter republic. We should pause long and
\ Spei Correspondence of The Call-
View of Anvil City, Alaska.
i is but little sickness, there being but
; ! three men now in the hospital and their
complaints being nothing worse than
dysentery. Thlfl speaks very well for a
community of 4000 people.
Ah f< r the claims on Anvil, Snow Dex
ter and Glazier creeks, I can only Bay
, that they are fulfilling the highest ex
pectations. Dr. Kettleson, who owns sev
eral rich claims, showed me a pretty nug- i
I get worth $91. He found it on the riffles |
in the sluice boxes on his claim at No. i
"7 above on Anvil." He would not state
what he had* taken out, but gave me to
understand that H was no small amount.
He Is working twenty-five mt-n on No. 7.
M- ssrs. Lindblom and Linderberg own
the richest claims so far developed. They
have takes out over $100,000 already and
i have six weeks' time yet before the Bea
; son closes. Mr. Lindblom arrived at Kot
i zebue Sound last Bummer as a common
sailor. Here he parted company with his
: ship In the manner sailors sometimes do
' and afterward drifted over here in time
• to stake several claims on the best creeks.
He has a nugget, picked up on his claim,
"Discovery on Anvil." that weighs $312 06.
Three lucky boys from Stockton, Cal.,
are F. \V. Butters, who lives at 1236 Bast
Webber avenue, and Charles and Foster
Peake. They came here on the Garonne,
June 22 last, and on July i) took a three
years' "lay" on No. y Dexter. Up to date
they have cleaned up $SOOO. Of this
1 amount they get about one-half, the bal
ance goinK to the owner of the claim,
i They have had only three hours' sluicing,
there being not enough water In the creek
: to work the sluices. Since then they have
carried the pay dirt on their backs in
ttve-gallon cans Pun feet to water, where
1 they rocked it out. From August 16 to
]s they took out eighty ounces or $1289.
: Tb.e pay streak is about two feet from the |
surface. Mr. Butters says that they have
$6000 to $7""" now on the "dumps" waiting
for i']» September rain. The claim 1k
owtifd by Leo lioewenberg, who at one
i time was gardener for Adolph Sutro at
i the Heights. The largest nugget taken
! from tins claim weighed $2>». The boys
have the most comfortable and best ar
ranged camp in the district.
Mr Streeter, formerly a bank employe
at; San Francisco, has a "lay" on 5 and S
on Dexter. He is also doing well. These
claims are about, six miles from Anvil
City.
Anvil Creek derives its name from a
large anvil-shaped rock which stands out
very prominently on the top of a moun
tain at the hr-ad of the stream.
There are a number of other claims be
ing worked, but. owing to the great ex
pense attached to taking in supplies to
the creeks in summer over the "tundra,"
a wet, spongey combination of moss, soil
and rank vegetable growth, there will not
be much work done until next summer.
This winter supplies of all kinds will be
taken In over the snow by dog and horse
teams and then work will be done on a
much larger scale. Many claim owners
an now waiting lor the winter's Bnow
before doing anything more than pros
pi cting.
Wages are good, laborers on the claims
getting $7 to $8 per day with board. In
town they get $1 per hour for such work
as unloading freight from vessels, which
is done by means of barges or lighters.
Such work as carpentering demands $150
seriously before blaming, suspecting- or
offending France.
"I can well understand and explain
the present happenings in America. The
American people are most easily
aroused to sentiments of justice and
humanity. Prudence, however, is the
queen of all virtues, and we should
strive to make it ours.
"In what I say I speak as an Ameri
onn, for what I believe to be the good
of America. I make no plea for France,
although, because I know France, I love
her, despite her faults, and I hope for
her despite her perils."
SUCCESSFUL OPERATION
ON WALTER WELLMAN
LONDON, Sept. 18.— Walter Wellman,
the leader of the Wellman polar expedi
tion, who arrived in this city August 2S
after successful explorations in Franz
Josef Land, has undergone the first surgi
cal operation for straightening his right
leg, which was seriously injured by Mb
falling into a snow covered crevasse
ADVERTISEMENTS.
# •
. ■ DR. MEYERS & CO. are the most re- . ©
£ liable physicians because they are the . • S
0 most successful. They are the most sue- ,5?
% ccssful for the reason that they are the a
O ■ ' most skilled and experienced. They have 0
©' been curing diseases and weaknesses of £
j^ ■ -' men for more than eighteen years, and 6
• have the largest and best-equipped mcd- - - : " A
O ical institution and the most extensive ?T
0 ■ • . practice in America. They never use in- a
5 • ■ . Ijurious remedies or appliances. 3?
o • _^ "~ ■
O — — : . . ' •' "" ' : O
5 NO PAY TILL CURED ?
Patients can arrange to pay when they ©.
2 , are well, or may pay monthly. t , fit
.3 .>,. : Consultation and private boo'< for men free. ■_ *
HOME CUKES A SPECIALTY. •
© If you cannot call write for free ad- q
D vice, question list, terms and other par- ?
©. . ■ • ticulars. . .Thousands are cured annually ■ . ' #
2 without seeing the doctors. All corre- fe^^SiKi
T . spondence confidential. Remedies sent • #
a sealed by mall or express. ... ©
I DR. MEYERS & CO., I
o '; 731 Market Street, S. F. | . . •
5 . . . Elevator entrance. Hours, Bto 5 dally; . %
V 7 to 8 evenings; 9 to :11 Sunday. '0
per hour. This, with the beach diggings,
has been a. godsend to hundreds of people
li<r.'. many beint those that came from
Kotzebue Bound without money and, in
many cases, nick They are now a happy
lii i t people and. in many Instances, will
be alii- to make enough money to take
them to their homes in the State*.
Anvil City lias grown from a few Indian
huts found here In June to a population of
something like 3000, and every boat brings
fresh annals from up the Yukon River
or the States. There are supplies enough
now in sight to last through the long
eight months' winter. The Alaska Explo
it tion Company has two large buildings.
100x40 feet each. One is to be used for v
warehouse and tli" other as a retail store,
The company has at present a $30,000
stock. The Alaska Commercial Comapny,
the North American Transportation and
Trading Company, Clafiin Bros, and
Simpson <V Co. will car*- large stocks of
supplies, which, with the smaller stores.
Will be sufficient to meet the demands for
this winter.
There will bo about 2000 people who will
winter here and the remainder will look
for a warmer climate. Here the ther
mometer drops to 60 degrees below
zero and has a tendency to stay
th°re for many days at a time,
which, with the heavy winds that
come in from the ocean, makes this an
undesirable winter resort. For fuel drift
wood Is found in abundance along the
beach. This, with a eood supply of coal,
will keep tho people comfortable in prop,
erly constructed hnus. s. This is the main
feature and should be looked to more
carefully than it is at present. Some are
now putting up winter quarters, others
promise to fin so later on.
Lan* & Price, who own some very rich
claims, haw put up a large warehouse
for their own use besides cabins to live
in. These people took out the first cold
from Anvil City. Mr. Price arrived at St
Michael with $in.mo early in the season.
Since then they have been working a large
body >>f men, and have apparently been
wfll satisfied with the returns. "Young
Mr. Lane is a ?or\ of a part owner of the
Utica mine In California.
There is a good opening here now for a
bank, water works and an electric light
ing and power plant, all of which we will
surely have before another year passes
The larger streams are well Btocked
with such fish as salmon trout and grail
ing. Grouse are plentiful on the low hills
which helps out the frenti meat supply
Rev. Mr. Wlrt, a clergyman well known
throughout California for the good he has
done, spent several days here in company
With Captain Hihbard. He held services,
visited the mines and made himself quit*
popular wiht the people. He intends
building a church and hospital, which the
town needs badly.
For several days we have been having
heavy winds and rain, which have playen
havoc with the vessels in the harbor and
the tents and goods along the beach. The
smaller craft have gone to Sledsre Island
about thirty miles distant, for protection.
This island is about ten miles off shore
and thirty miles southwest from Anvil
<"ity. It contains about 200 acres. A num
ber of times this summer the small pas
senger and freight vessels plying between
here and St. Michael have been compelled
to seek shelter for a few hours.
EI'GKNE L. SCOTT.
while leading: his party. Tt resultpd in the
successful loosening of the sinews
Another operation is necessary, but the
attending surgeons say they expect to
save the leg anrl that Mr. \Vellman will
be able to return to America in three
weeks. He will deliver an address before
the British Association on Tuesday
descriptive of his recent expedition.
Test of Wireless Telegraphy!
DOVER. Sept. 13. -The British Associa
tion for the Advancement of Science suc
cessfully exchanged courtesies with the
French Society for the Advancemer" of
bcience, now in session at Boulog-
Mer. using wireless telegraphy I
purpose. '
Antarctic Expedition Planned.
LONDON, Sept. 13.-The British Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Science
to-day granted £1000 toward the expense
of an Antarctic expedition. *»»»«
Professor Yon Stoerke Dead.
VIENNA, Sept. 13.— Professor yon
Stoerke, the larynologist, is dead.
Advances made on furniture and plano«, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist, is
wonderfully successful in promptly
curing kidney, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak j
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the \
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache, j
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
to pass water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of j
the famous new discovery, Dr. Kilmer's J
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands j
S the highest for its wonderful cures of j
the most distressing cases. If you need j
a medicine you should have the best.
' ] ' Sold by druggists in fifty-cent and !
I one-dollar sizes. You may have a sam-
ple bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root
and a pamphlet that tells all about it,
including many of the thousands of let-
ters, received from sufferers cured, both
sent free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & |
Co.,' Binghamton, N. V., and please !
mention that you read- this generous i
offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
TWILL YE $1 000
■ wbP^B^Ps<ss!ss. V I fail to cure an
J&6tiX®c'Jr~-J*> %k CANCER or tumor I
/B^Wlj&SjV ' "-" i)& "&■ treat fore it. scat-
fftfar \SS^i4B* / '"4f3ak i* * or affects the :
t« -^Sa^B. Ibs or other j
•, tf •,<wtiHh t > fissmt^ Wm. ' No K Qife
J% » [ M / Until Cured.
\ y^~ Vv^fc)l fence. 1000 cancers
\ 3SHS 'I now in my offices in
\ ,■■- / alcohol. J.adyattend-
_JK<; j'.'/'ii 4 ant. A hard
a(/C •-'J&Bw tumor on the lip
or aa y where is
I^^^^^^S^^^Any lump in a
WOMAN'S BREAST IS CANCER
If large always poisons the glands in armpit, j
where cure is almost impossible.
i BOOK SENT FREE .
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
; thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D,, 25 Third St., S.F.
LITTLE PALACE SANITARIUM
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER. ;
m^^vL/ ELECTRIC BELTS,
,^S3^Afeiwlll«E§k p rlces from $3 50 to
figp~7^/KW«-Xn*v&k "■*■ Largest manu-
S2s*^_ 1 ' '" ' ' \3sg facturers in the Unl-
ff^^SrO tPd States. No Quacks
connected with this
7f^^^/Ar^^\ For particulars
1 zxVi- '/» (C?" For particulars
f Jp~ :i call or send 2c in
*Jy* stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
WESTERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO, IN THE DOMINION OF
Canada, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1888, and for the year ending en that day,
as "made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions !
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, j
i condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock.' paid up
in Cash
ASSETS. '
Real Estate owned by Company „•«,,„„
I Loan? on Eonds and Mortgages $20,000 00
i Cash Market Value of all Stocka
and Bonds owned by Company 1,265,140 16
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office I" «
Cash In Banks 151,293 68
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .'
i Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages I
Premiums in due Course of Collection 202,958 03
Bills receivable, not matured, taken ■
for Fire and Marine Risks 47,309 72
, Bents due and accrued
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets ..»1, 684, 870 89
r~ —
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $82,697 «4
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 68.325 64
' Losses resisted, including expenses... 14,049 16
i Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, . $953,630 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 478,815 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than on year, $638,082 83
reinsurance pro rata , ;. 842,145 11
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $30,877 21;
reinsurance 100 per cent 50,477 21
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $17,296 21; reinsurance 60 per
cent •*• 8,648 10
! Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 30,954 23
Total Liabilities .'.'#... ..$1.074.511 70
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premium! $1,380,636 SI
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 280.870 06
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Montgages 2,11«
Received for -interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and trom
all other sources 48,606 M
Received for Rents
Total Income ..$1.709,829 68
EXPENDITURES. ; ■
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $ , losses of pre-
vious years) ■. ..- $888,147 66
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
Including $ losses of pre-
vious years 346,518 61
1 Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 308,257 56 ;
; Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 11858 00
j Paid for State,* National and local
taxes 48 46124 I
All other payments and expenditures 146,582 88
. Total Expenditures $1,689,905 82
; Losses incurred daring the year, fire. . .$847 376 "77
Losses incurred during the year, ma- .
rine • 269.305 14 '
Risk* and Premiums. | Fire Risks, i Premiums '
Net amount of Risks .. ~~ '
written during the
year - .<.. $162,181,141 $1,723 599 -n
Net amount of Risks ♦*••«.»» Z5
expired during the
jear 140,744,979 .1,787,669 50
Net amount in force ' »•,«» °°
December 31. 1808... 160.065.449 1,591,712 83 1
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ' ~ " "
written . during the
year ;••• $35,874,034 57123
Net amount of Risks f^'°" **
expired during .the
y ear ,-•••• 36,913,977 317,524 06
Net amount In force • «*«•«•■ uo
December 31. 1893 4,128,465 68,173 42
• '■ '■ J. J. KENNY/ Vice President
C. C. FOSTER, Secretary. resident.
Subscribed and sworn to before/ me this 24th
day of January, 1899. I ln
W. B. RAYMOND. Notary Public
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
British = America
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF TORONTO -CANADA, ON THE 31ST
day of December,. A. D. IS9S and for the
year ending on that day as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by. the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages...... $10,000 C-,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by C0mpany.......... »■»».<>« <»
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's office  .„ «
Cash in Banks •• •• * 2 - 188 W
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans... "• ~'"il 8,712 oi
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 'A'lil''
Premiums in due course of Collec- g „
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken '
for Fire and Marine Risks 6.36S 4S
Total Assets ..$1.?7L431 1,1
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $60,602 05
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 67,889 69
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 9.SSO 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $'J33.7":i 34; re-
i insurance 50 per cent 317,576 67
1 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J425.35S 55;
; reinsurance pro rata 228,096 72
" Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $30,459 07;
1 reinsurance 100 per cent 30,459 07
i Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks. $5,765 77; reinsurance 50 pey' vsr- ~~
cent ' 2,882 83
All other demands against the Com-
pany • 60,764 04
Total Liabilities $7*5.451 13
INCOME,
Net Cash actually received for Fire ■•
premiums i".—" * SoS ' 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums .■•••• •• wi.603 si .
Received for interest on Bonds and
Received for' 'interest on Bonds
Stocks. Loans and from all other
sources 42,778 <M
Total Income ..$1.061.065 32
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
' eluding $ t losses of pre-
vious years) "••""ry $549,078 J7
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses of pre- .„„,-■■--
vious years) 117,717 90
Dividends to Stockholders ; -. •
raid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 193,898 23
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 49,032 42
Paid for State National and local
taxes 31,890 87
All other payments • and expendi-
tures • 76,007 90
Total Expenditures ..$1,017,625 99
Losses Incurred during the year '.. $676,875 56
Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $108,120,761 $1,128,965 69
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 84,627,756 1,187,918 70
Net amount In force
December 31. 1898 106.710,300 1,061,14189
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during 1 the
year $23,268,603 $208,177 71
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 28,503,50! 113,835 21
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898 1,876.154 -36,224 84
J. J. KENNY. Vice President.
P. H. SIMS, Secretary.
< Subscribed and sworn to before m« this 24th
day of January. 1899. • ■ H. D. GAMBLE,
Notary Public. •
DAVIS & WATSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
322 PINE STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAl*
©T/VTETVYIBINT
——OB* THE ■ *
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1898. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of. all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,241,085 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other market- • -
able securities as collateral 4.000 00
Cash in Banks 134,724 00
"merest due and accrued on all
Stocks. and Loans 14,105 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 135.53900
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken - ■ ■ ■
for Fire and Marine Risks 816 00
Stamps on hand :..... .1,032 00
Total Assets... v . 51.54 1.101 06
LIABILITIES.. •: ■
Losses ft process of Adjustment or ■ '' : - ■
In Suspense $209,15000
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent 144,575 00
All other demands against the Com-
pany : 27,052 00
Total Liabilities ■■ $380.777 00
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Ma- •'■ * ;
rine premiums $518,185 DO
Received for interest and dividends • . <
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from "
all other sources . 87.551 09
Total Income ......_. $555,736 00
EXPENDITURES. •■ .- ■'. /
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. $415,726 00
Dividends to Stockholders....... 50,000 00
Paid for Salaries. Fees \ and other
charges for officers clerks, etc.... 40,846 90
Paid for State. National and local -
taxes . - ••• :...:..-■ v 6,995 10
All other payments and. eipendi- _. . 
I lures •.';*:;• •• 227 00
Total Expenditures $316.755 00
■T
--:•:..;■-: '\ ; '..' ; ;- ■! \".'. ." Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year..... , $162,351 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ':■ : ''%£?.
written during the
year $79,583,345 $463,102 00
Net ' amount of Risks
expired during ■ the
year 80,856,195 472,922 00
Net amount in force
December 31. 1898.. .. 8.163.615 144,575 00
J. WILLIAMSON. President
JOHN GICK. Secretary. *Tesiaent.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thW 'd
day of February, .1899. W. J. STTLIS
U. S. Vice Consul.
J. D, SPRECKELS BROS. CO.,
GENERAL
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAU
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968,DETENTION OF
THE TARTAR
AT HONGKONG
Washington Officials
Trying to Induce the
British to Grant a
New License,
' ■-.= - -- - -
i : : ; XEW TORK. S-?~t. Li— A
"^"ori.i czbte Grata EEcna-kor..?
says: T£* Bri:i2h local officer*
-j."-? &ecQsed ta taJc* any actioc
cpoa Cnfted States Ceeattl 'WlM
~±~'s pr^crst a,xa.in3t tie darei
-.:.-.- a£ c&e Aiaericaua tr-inspor:
itrtar. Tils teaT«a tte matter
esilrely En £&» haci* of tlte
Horrgfrncg bartfjr roaster, who
jcai-i^iry deettnea ra allow tte
transport to s^il wttb cor* tia.n.
HO sol-i;.*:-* c= Soard. If tfee
_ a^tar saila oa<ier this restrtc
imjUk
tfoo i lar^e nsj=ifc^r of Use Saa
iaj TViili 1 1 nil i i win be feft b«»
- - i ■ -- -
;
-
-
-
- - .
■
-
-
-
-
-
-
■
Tmr
-
■■.■- ;- - .
IsS
- - .- :-;
■
■
-
-- - -
-
-
■
— - .
-
- - -
- ■ '
-
Weak
ARE
1 5^. : j Nerves,
s_l ~^_3)VS^-A^t ** " * 5 a* ' con * ; -
~%^£ ■• t^jL^S>fA -^__^ -^"i **fT'**s.
f^U^j, . Jk " .
¥ M_B_r___Ssa3* ~c«_e_.^ ( w_o -__> r
laa^^a* <**~ti " fWX -
-I**^ s^O*'^^ eannne icpir _tem-
aV^aV^^B^^^aT 1
m * B<-* «c «n__i_t«f
V^^CAZkis-*^ face iFlar- -■• caiTi-
rf" -r tat_3_ c_" t_? _cart ;
: _-- - x- i
fcjjp c* st___ur& (7T^.
weal— :«». 1_— ;a_r»_ =_•— kt?. pai— — . fcnei.
_»_ cf w«S< a_- sLsepi-KW-fsu. T-eaw s?3 g-
era* <t«n:f _«!rT»-— 'ia__u_- a__t cal* far __U_-
HXTD -TAX Tiiei— t2<» _j»t~!3 —set scrsmr— «sa
■
f "act— c. »s*n r*ti«f. 7~* w wtUl _itps a.
r-'-ii acc*_l_« arut a ctair. — sar ot _pt*__cn, _
7-tt — 00111 3o«m?3_ J_*a_t_ asti s_-i_T_t- "take
ET" t> TAjy." HTTDXJk^r J» »~ " ■: It will er_r_.
HtTDTJ-f is far safe • 67 _ri«T&»t-— s*r a
cncrfcLffs or ■__ pit^JauT» tor C 30. ___,_ _
rr y-ar <t-«3r'j»t <lee* not few; j EXniT__<t
-
hOdyan remedy CO.,
.■:-- -.■: and laits. •■.:.
s_>r "r3-_r Cisco. c__.
co?sir_r ETr~rAy _o«:Tcas— _ h_j- ear
MA MMOTH NEW STEAMER
OCEANIC REACHES GOTHAM
Successful Run on Schedule Time of the Big .New
Ship of the White Star Line.
Icefltnk:. the Largest Steamship in the World.
....... ■ ••- - ■ ■ - ■-. - ■ - - .i- - x - - - -
■
NEW YORK. SejriL 13.— Ths ce^r
"Cvliite Star st^ajnship Oceyrtfir.
tne tersest v-ss<?L aAiat, from
QtaeenstawnC arrived at cer pier
fa Nortls Rfver at liS o'elocS:
I this atft«TBCKHS and fiebartod her pas
: senx^rs. AMs >~«Td of those who had
! secured pa«a« to the dock and a. fcl?
--j gi?r crowd wfci^h was iepc taci of the
' f^nof. ch-s^r*i tts ne-sr stMEMt as sh«s
[■ rr^pt" up the rtv-r and s^m? sEo^lr
i into her ierta. CteateS trp- from t-^
--\ erry Island tbe ooat appear^i ttn.'sri-'ldy
i and her fnnnels tco i^h tek syT^nr^try,
i bet as s r oe came closer th* impr^ston
;of rr^at I*njtii ?rew clearer. It toe's.
\ *ix ' tcsa Catty min'xt^a to seov* tec
; taw uocmd a'-.d force the fec^ v^ss^L
; Enta place. Bocfasii. she filled almost the
firtflife I-ngth of O» tons pfer.
T&e tim* ca& by tne Oceanic ccay oe
1 considered very rood ccmin^ tixroo^h
the h-eavy a-iJes that have b>=en reported
on tfie Atlantic dnrinr her passage.
and .-i-'mpar-rs favorably with that of
E6« swiftest cf the ocean steamers la
STxcfc weather, bearing o^it the ciainr
that -with her pearerfbi engines she ■win
lotf ■-.... to procwc or x^su-z a. a.*-*
License t> cocforra with, her remodeled
eoedttftni. '- is preraased tftat* tire
«wmec3 of the vessel fill ass tfte Bene
ionar authorities to appoint a board of
surt<y to- inspect Else toprorgt iir uto
mad^'m tftf shrp, &nd 2-3 a r*sd: a new
Beesse antamiLilcg her to earnr Z3U
men win fee isst^d. As she was kcse:
'y chartered, to carry both cassenxers
and. CreLriiv and. as Creftfct W»« tea
?i=c« fce«n pjm'Mited toto c-assense-r
spttjce; tL* iustlapcfttas here b-slst that
t£-*re" can be ao ; CocadatSass for ttce
■■.---. thac tie vesel lias bass o-rer-
Basded, and zh.tr cßofldmttj -xrect
ciiat ... a^tiori^es wlis so d*
fiecniffi^ to.- xdxices -jpfcich tta <i*
cortoaest rs?csive<i to-^ar. tiii* mafn
etcoac "of cocaptiist fa doe to an^tm
ye.uufeg apporti'-'tLment of tlsis tsen. of tlie
-hip ------ to overcrowdins- It
fa .-iaimeti -.- CstTTorftiHsi was ''- '• "Z
to socie a^ tlsa TOtarteera and '- - -'
Lar« to tbe disadvantage and. ffiKSOt
fact of others. TTi* -War E>?oartnieirt
has" cafcl-<i to *^n.eral Oxfs and Cfl Col
onel iretcalf. connnandiay tne troocs
on the transport, asking for addit&>nal
tni'Grniatien as to- tiie caetbwX of as
sfeH*=K B*o* to I^arters. A cocrrt of
tn<\-nir7 wfQ doubtless be caHed to as
certain. wi»> £s at fatil?!
ACCIDENT OCCURS TO
THE YACHT SHAMROCK
'WcJl* tbe ?"- - -" x -r Is 3.rr:rJnz H-i
----_•,•-- ■ -.- a " ■ :-i Bats
th* Baal I tasks
XrTW TORS.. Sepc. ll— Tie Azaertca'a
•nr? chalten*<»r Stantroci was started for
a rss. cr«r .--- crurse oC Sandy
Hoofc Focr cfifsuitwi la-tar. while che
yacht was gr<J»s *>■ before the wtsd at
3. twei^re-lciot pace, the jaw c* her alT^s
rnrrrr aS was ..... The end «
tii» spar scscic cut beyond the niast cc
tile after side, jarcratux the timat fcal
vard3.. Captain. Hcaarth. kept the yacilt
cc. her coisrse. ? "*--* away the peal
fcalTards a* nncir as pirssibie. and a^tsr
tan'minTXtS he was abt* to fcrtr^ her En
th« wirji- There was dar^sr every rsa
-- <si --■■--- i thrrisrli the main
sail- By tie cocstanr strain and swlnsjims
cJ tie saff it broke aßi>trt eea feet tun
frcnt tie 1 jaw? t A* t&e sail would not
cotn* down., men wer«- finally sect aloft
fes ctrt lr cfieabr cf t£u» hcops on. tie csa.-»t.
Tie sptnsaker and fcea.i saHa wer- taken
tn sraartly wi^n tie accident occurred.
A latnu:i frotn tbe Bris. towed tie
yacht's bead araasd to- tie wind, and tie
BSBfti inairsail fcesran to ci^niii- slowty
down. S^'-bfe^iently. tie Sianrrock ti.i
takes, in tow by a BBS and conducted to
cer moorings isaMe tie Horseshoe. *
HORSE OWNER RULED
OFF TRACK FOR LIFE
Stmta Ax-:- "-- ; =.'■•.'-- A:'? in -:.
---_■■■-' cf _._. Bell, ~Tc.o Eaa
a Ibik"
_A_-_o___TTO. Sept. 13.— Tie State
Axrict—tsral Sodety to-_£,?it ruled, tie
__are Par^y and H- A. BeCt. ier owner,
off the track for life. This fes tie aut
ccae of tie protest entered against tie
race Ln whici she participated era. C~ _.
merctil TraT»i <tsr. Bi* was eatereti
aader tie name of Farmer* Girl and it
waj aHazwl tiat tn or»ier tf>,deceiTr* tie
unwary her skin was dyed btaek. ate be
t=jr ortrtnally a efcestnut sorreL Tie
purse was Ci'-fl. witah will &> to tie sec
ond icrse in. Tim race. Ktnney. wifcß w_s
handled by Dan HcCArry cf this ci:y.
Tie other aerses will be ad-— inced on.
tietr Meatßi order.
k — ■
SUICIDE OF AN AGED MAN
i^cl___c S__-r. a S___2fa Cctrcty Pla
.'• - " r . _€«r. Hangs Kizaseli.
R__>D_N*G.' Sept. ~_t— P_c_ar«l Effiey. a
Snasta Co— nty r -<n«_rr. *} years of -*re.
ecE_n_tted strScide fey haxrjisar t__r __nrn
in*. Ta* deceased" had ortxbially ft^^s
of "very strong pftgwiaae^ but for tie pa_t
tiree t_c_:' > _i s had been cc ____*! ta> fcia
bed wit- __n«s.
Ha- w_s «spa«a« with, a danxhter at
Round Ho— ntatn, fifty n__es from. Red
___r. Wednesday rocrnia? he was abte
to- *;.-:-:*- =- and went act Ento *" -'- .
or?____— . There he handed hitnseif ca an.
... - , tree. Shortly after tie ■•--- =■.-;-
ci the , rash. act the body was faend [
ha—Slnj?" to a E_i_t by en« cf the yra_zd
daTS-htars c* th* deceased- ...
THE SAX FHA3T CISCO CALL. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1599.
CAFTAOI CAMERON of the
. ■. : ri - -
PRESIDENT
WILL NOT
INTERFERE
Special dspatcS. fcj TBb Call.
CAUL HEADQUARTERS* vTEL
! LXNGTOX HOTEL. WASHINGTON".
; .Sept. i;L— The Ptes&JejEt is receivinx
I petEtficrcs to request cite Frencii Govern- j
: nee: ttj pardon. E»reyf_?. TXo snch ac- j
' tted will fee tajbrai eh* ad m ln f?tratton j
■ hcuHc-r tfiafi to do so would tsndoTiaced-
Lt be egwna*tme to France, whot wtjcM
i say that this GtfwaJxß—aat had no ztghx i
;. to Eaterfferi with, what relates to her la- j
! tercal adiru—isTration. and ■■•.-. sift j
i mast alone decide.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 13.— The '■ ■
io "xriziT resolution was araanfw ■. = ■- j
; adopted 67 the Soard ef directors cf the 1
; Lot? AnZrleS Chamber Gf CVi—t ttv«7~» 3.Z
'■ their regular ----- held to-day:
Whereas. Captain Dreyfus waj de
clared. ?ciltjr by the Frencit -„._,. 1
' al*h«*izh the evidence as pabQsbed over- j
whe£n_n;ily truncated ttts'tmaaeace.
Resolved. --■- -■_ -■ - z-*--- -v- -car ft*
1 ... . -..,-.. republic witi
i fee a. reasonable tto*,. or If tc claimed
i that it fes so eoestitrxted t&at ft ha* act
i tie power ta <J»* so. CZtfii chamber, a* a
! practical metftmt cf showing * ! rrtier cia
' approval., will decline ta ;rive ftrrther nd
cr ecc-otzraxement to the ma—tnx of an
I '-.-•• either local cr by ----- •-». at
■ tie eocifc? Parts op« ■ and wiH
a<rt£v-e£y join. !_. a xatoiaacatt to- prevent
else expenditure of any further pabCc
j ECte? of the -■-'-■• pcrpose.
ftesnlveti , T&at tie co—LmLisicceTS ap
: pointed "ton the St&l? Gf Oiltfarsia. to
be Paris ExyujjJltfeaß b». a-d th»;r ars
' hfr^fcy pctStaßMd ta- coasi!er th*? ad
• vtaabiilty ef STiapen<ii2.s ■wf;h««xs delay
! all <»ffort3 ta cia3:« an. ■. ("xaffetc at Farts
La Ofift.
■----•• .-•:--■
---:-- in r ••:-:---:-;- --•»!-
--13 fafrlj satisfactory, althocsh. the j
I stocn . • I trouble stHl effn#s to- Mm.
Jlir* Dr^yfTis Tfstt*<: fc~r hasS>asd to
day sad cane away ' 100-kin.? cseerfaL
Sire spent afcmrt an bcnxr with Mm. M.
Labori"3 • HMnl sees hiis faxtce a day.
Host of his -wakinz- hours are passed,
la, r^adfciar corr i ?*rponden.ce acd Paris
Ui^rary rsTi*ws_ He la aider the game
disci-piise as prior ta Hat trial in-i at
-10-wed exercise dally. A canvas screen
ts rww h.unjp «eros» the coirtya.- 1 to>
preves-t - m 6etr.r seen, freer the wte
dp'^rs of houses adjacent and to pr»v»nt I
photo«ra.phers ?ettfaix snap shots at i
?»fm. A guard of forty soldiers fe post
ed ta the- ?pts«« yard 6ett~ath his wfc»
d»TS", and a sentry -with, hatred rts» and
fixed bayaaet &> stationed en. the va.II
,OT»rfaoMz? Ike , second coertyard. j
where he takes his exercise. '
BERLIXj Septi: EL— lt -a belie-r-d here j
fa weH-faformed ; qrnarters- that t2iere
was a substantial baafa for the report i
that Emperor N ■ ". 'as had arranged tO I
vtstt Enrpersr WH2ai3i'as Pacsiiainv bet i
that th.» iasae ef the Dreyfns-. trial
caused a sudden, change In. the plans.
'There {3 no- doub-c that aVocal t— »pa
ratiens had been mad* at the Scitloas
for the reception of tie fcnperiai vfcsit
ors. thcKKrh. it is near expLiined that
these were Soe other princely saests ex- !
: pected next nKrcth-
LOXDON. ■ Beat IX— Qaeec Vie^rf«.
•vho is at Ba:" : - S<:otLan.d, Ja safe to!
be rec«iTtEje a srsat number of tei*- !
grams and letters from aer strblect3 at
r -• and • - :_"-:: - : ----;;
with. President : Lficbet for Ehreyfics* [
pardtm. It it known, that - the news of
the Reoaes .verdict. vbick reached the
«wrt : at Balmoral Saturday " sielkt. [
greatly ---•: the * .-- who had
faDbwed t&e proceedings with, attentive f
Interest.
- -.jc- r**-_ - - - ■■■.-■ re?arfL;ss
of weat&er ecuditlacs*
The Oceanic & tfie largest «> — » T c r
built- Her Eenxth ts 734 feet, while Kbat
of the- Great Slattern wa^ iiS<7. The Great
iiftsr; was ereader and deeper and. teas
useful. ih» Oceanic wtsuj twenty-two^
deaths tn. bcSkifla^-. and cost nearftr J5,CGi}.-
BUfl. Slw- ha* a crew of 30*1 m*n.,. md Trill
carry UflU ptt^sec^erj. The diameter <i£
cer propeller is Hi feet- She ha* seven
SecSEs, all of st*t»l» arui wgal.! rf*», t;
pJa.rssd iji ti,* screec* aiove the roof o£
i six-~CGC7" c uil>ii~ i. H*r rfis ar* ba^ 3X-*
Encfe<?s apart, and to them are rfv»ced
CiHiG st<»et plates, sosa* <jr tbenx twen.tr
efcr&t &et trt tetL^tt.. ajzd "wetyhisy Qnea
tWO to tSirw too each. Capcaixi Cisena.
w^ien. staadlit^ sa the fcrid.z». ts ?txty »-
ib'iv* th-i water. Th.c procienade decic is
SW feet Lac?. :-- - .s_ saloon » ?0 feec
lac?. '!+ Teet wtdi astl 5 Jeec &sta CBboe
ta c«ilir.T. So=iti of the staterooirts ara
i by :2 f.*«t ta 3i^e_ •■-.-.;.--;.
■BBui; with th* finest trarrosxeirfc* pcacur
ibfe.. and a litrtrv cf -MJOii Tcltrsies^
Captain CasiercTi, wto cccaaamis the
Dosaiii*:. ta a veteran, o* th« *ea. He 1 iiaa
;cr.? been: £s. the service <jf the White
star Ccmpaay. an<i £a very popular ai^on.?
jcean travelers. He was arrrea the
Dc«raztic as a iittiur iccEOgßfttai of his
r:eri.ta aa«l the estiirtate in which; he- wa*
I'ild by the eois.piLs.y's patron*. His se
ectios. ts ta the nature of x praciatiijn-
MEDITATION
WILL NOT BE
PROFFERED
Special I>spa.tcri trj ?":•' Cai!.
CALL. ESADQUJLRTERS, 7.--
LXN'GTON HOTKL. WASHINGTON.
sepc 13. — 2fotwtttaCtn«Hns tae su^res
tfians of Bourke Cceiran and others.
the President has no intention af prcf
ferinj? mediation, fa tie Transvaal dis
pute. Action Eooftfrrg to a peaceful so
lution - r ---..-■. If Gs&sxes .- i i
Lad art opportunity to ; ratify The Ea.zue
convention, whf«:h makes- it the duty of
neutrals to susrest. to- dEaffitlag powers
that they submit the controversy m an
.-■--•- court. I- vie"w of the fact,
h«7"wever. that these conventions have
not • -- fceen submitted to. the Senate
and oi. the further fact, that the croubfe
only indirectly cosaeerna -.--? " '- --•:
States, while it £3 -•-■--■ result in
-._-■-=- to American, citizens, -- - ad
rninfstraticn has derfaed that tz.-waold
be _..,..,.. fcstertere. Should ---
Boer republic and Great Britain recast
the United States ta --• 1 . i - ■> the Presi
dent would protab-Iy be happy to act
"-- ■--■ da so* nathfse will be tee
beyond the Instructions already siren
to the American Consul at Pretoria, di
recting him to carefully watch develop
mental to make frequent reports and to
live all necessary protection to- Ameri
cans and Oarfr Interests.
An administration, o&rtxl wfth whcm
I talked to-day said that many Ameri
cans urxed the President to- interfere
oa the gracnd --.-.-. American ---:--*
£n the Transvaal are very larxe. Ai a
matter of fact, he said. very little min
ing property, and that of small value, is
owned by Americans, and that the ma
jority ot the 3MGO ----- _- the
country axs £a " ---- of Britiah
syndicates which own. and operate
mines.
CAFS TOWN, Se&tl 13.— 1t fa asserted
iv. AfrCcander circles her- -•■-. the
Transvaal Government will accept the
Britfsti note. leaving the questioa of
suzerainty --.-.-: - - '.:'--. catrven
-
FRETQRIA. Sept, IX— A cammtmtet
tfosu vi.- been received from "- Impe
rial Government statin? that, althouzh
ajExfcrafer a prompt repLy, the Im
periaJ authorities d.a not desire te tie
the Transvaal authorities down to
forty-ef?ht hocrs. ■
The reply win possibly come befcre
tiae VoOcsraad to-marrow. The deciaioa
of" the executive wd cndaubte<ily be to
-•■;-- by -..— action, -'. the -I-*--
Free State. '.
- The Government I* stfH wtUrn;? to at
tend the joint committee ort«tnaily pr»>
p»)sed. ■' ■ ' ' ;
The Transvaal "War Office denies any
knawledxe-'of the reported after of Ml
(W» Irisa-Amertcans to fight against
Great Britain. ■ ' .-.__ r-"- •
"Discamsy of life Plant.
Scfenc« &as <J£s«rß>ir»<t i cfcizt «* SaBI aC
lift tirat if one cff Its feajr-s be >iii>iiii off ant
3ut"!t ?lane»i so a. warm wail ■niidlfi ptmr
wi3 ?r^r ~!in it It £3 slaw* sa=ii« rtr i Flint
crijicftpr«a uriteii »-!■-» Eoaiatt?r"s Stanraci
Euser-J t» arotEH? t» Ills aaii :.-- tie ••-
-■wxrrJrßii atzptadz. tile w»ai aiooti uuf « :/r » *
It»»r. Tits sufferer Crsni ■fjiwiwrM or my
stntnacS. trtiabte: aeefif Kjatattir's Stomacir
BitKr^ S*« tisat * pttmta 2ar»ssae Stajag
■ ■■« .-.^ -t^rit :t th" bottle.
BEECMI'S
PILLS
Gee S&e^cnsfneifrai
wans so .te ccred, •■
•0 ottt X 25 cwjts.
«*ajitam.
Constipatiofl,
tndigestJoa,
BSoosaess.
SidtHe«dadw,
<aßarwa> car*4 kv
COMBINATIONS AND
TRUSTS CONSIDERED
Prominent Men Attend tie Conlerence oi
tie Cine Federation at Cnicaio.
CHICAGO. Sept- 12.— Civic F«de»-|
tfca conference cc die .it* and - - -i-i '-
trrata ami combf r.a tiana began nere to
day, «ttfe in Efcaa half the delegates ap- :
pointed by th* iirlnta States tn attend- !
aim. N"s» Tork. headed by W. Bacrics ■
CQeJcran. aid WEjcotata were most nn- :•
finnifj represented- The meeting" task I
place in Central Ifcaic Hall and was caE*i ;
to- order by Franlfcttn E_ Head, president
of th-i CiTic- Federation. The del-ssa-tis ;
listesftii ta> az address g£ -- - - ->: IIS- |
sets &3r.Attor=«y Gaaeirai Win, an &>?iia.lf |
at GoTinaar Tann»r. wiao or iHn.-?ss was :
pn»Ten.ted firm appear. ~x in. p«»r3cc. j
Dr. Hamar& S. T*yi«r r City Pras^cntcr. .
■welcacied; die defe^a.r*s ta> Cliicaxa- an b«- !
half c* ifaycr Harrfear. With, tie prog
ress af Übe speaJctn^- fc b^canxe eTtdffiit ,
t&nx siosy oi -.-;.■ Had eocift
wttt — convtctfema Cor or agalsat trad<? ■
:.— :■- ■.-. :.:■- ."-.-» f-^— - of itr. ■V.--- ;
of T<iT.tSv deiiversd <i?^z% tt& afternoon. .
i_t.; -;-—-- i --.-■• in, i. — r- --- I
-- : . - . - r
tn ti* rici* ot ZZ.e La&.jr r-pr»secta-iTr*i
aj^l the ti<*i.-iffxtiorw Jr-Jts. nianT "Western
and £ontii«irn s-.t-.r-i r »-.----/.— ------
yiiaeraJly amlltf'i critically aad k*pc tietr :
arms fatdad.
.Tlw . nan-attsaiiace ef niany :-. -z i " *«
■wuj not na<»xp«ii:t-d, ■-.-■ Ea.st>*y
annacnt:»Hi CfioU prtsbaisly I-W- of tb.* tardy ■
-•*•?. fccfndhrr G»jTeraor I- £-— of >i . :-. -
tgarr.. would be - ... to-nomnr"!
ssaatocu Anoiiy tiaaae present to-day
w-ere W- Sjcrtti Cockran. Albert Sh&.ir o£
zhA R<?wt-»w ni_ Suvl^Tr*.. Governor Atifn- ;
son of Wssr \ rrrfnia, ex-00-v»mor Foster
of Ohio, Prsfissor John. R. Clara: oi Co-
I'^rafcta Usfrersity, Attorney General T.
S. SnfSi o; T»xa.«. F. 8.. T'carber ef X*-ss- ,
York. Prr3ff?ss<3r K^cry Carter Adaata of
the University of Ulcfcixrin, Professor J. !
W. Jenis of Ccmen. Untversfty. Prafessar i
laha. Gran.nn Broo&a of Carabrida-e.
IZaas... I»rctTir>rr on potii±c:il econasiy tn the
University of Cnieaxor Prot>~s3<Jr Bemis. ;
Liectsnann Gflverncr Jones of Ohio. Pro
fessor R. T. Ely Qf tne UnfT^rslry at
Vt iscrjnstn. and- A Kerne y General Smytie -
of 2»ebra.3lci_ \.v ithvi r^ Jetmin.i3 Bryan
did cat appear, btrt tt fa believed be ttSI :
be present later tn tiie conference.
Chairman Head deiivereti an address fa.
explaiuitian for the call of tae conference.
He said tn. part:
Ta« fygj ■-.. 7*«f * m rjrrrr of Chici?a la i snn-par
tssoji orzact:a.^cc .— ■_; _r In. tea mmnisr
aSljj if...., . Bn}p7rt:eE. at the ■. .......
..-.-- . - ■ ■>
*£ac« X r»iilln*»l ■.'.-•■': ■—■-- ■ . so WaJeiy ,
cCi«:u3»e«i UT^t ttx* ii*9iirnat»ii by the j«o.- (
•raj dti»* cC "Tmsts" — »atf tiac. C:o, cgoc so
current t?rjtc Traa th«r^ -wti^sprieait ami ysa- :
•»ni ii isanrxac* iaii • of fiieu.
ThiMr» *witn»J to- U3 4 cryinir iwwi fur ■••iacatiar
apua cSe icS;»}ct^ aC :■-:.-. - whtcil
4tuiw t2» brnai 'itotlcecioc fcucvesa the Tr^rtons ;
troila <wrnij!za.r.icc3 mi crnata aaii tn procmits
• . ■ - .a CMftrescs :a m m i ■»
»ten.
It is ice --.-■- latS-cnst coi^f»r?Eur!», '
'act i canf^r'ni:* ia. iearrri o£ cnti iad ti^itn. '
"WTtta thsJa "%nii in vDsw C&e atrs^iiuurt? has b«?»a
soiicitail of mifc of .-;■..' cciniinr a^oc
th« s^c-nl sirhittr. frant tfte in«Ki »tU3 r»sr»rl '
trust* xrni trade -:-'!-■ arandla^
nxena.ee oi c>ir aaciooal pcrsceritr. iai£ svsfn. ta
the c«"rpedtt3" ''C 'Ju^" sTTrcem. of rn»»na:i?K.
ta chese whe J»et tsa£ trmiia coci&tsariians and :
GENERAL MILES
IS RECOGNIZED
Spedal IMspat^i sa- T!s« CalL
CALi HEADQUARTERS. WSX.L.ING-
Xt>X HOTEX. W.\iHI>»GT:OX. Sept. IX—
Har=Lany fa the War D*ipartrsent ha* ha«i
s. sts weeka' trial aid seeisa to- have cotne
to stay. Secretary Roa-C and G«n«ral
Hile« ar? rettinx' os watalerfnEy ■well ami
their cordial relations as a Matter . af
.~oc*idera&te yratlicatfoa. to the Fteafctet
and other members of the adxiinlstratSac_
BcpcKts h:j.Te been, correct dtirti? the la^t
fe-w days thiit eTtdences cf a break: ■- -
tween. Hr. Root aad General JCles were
not Eaeifngv bit :■;-.— at the >•;■■ — ■
nient esta&lLihea the fact that the "■»■
officials ara co-CFeratinx with each other
fax su mcst satisfactory manner. It is
a ccsrnioc. sfeht sowariays to see- Geceral
Miles to "Seirretary E.ooc'3 ofice sst
erai times "each day.
The organisation, of ten. adtiitional ; white
resinxents and two nesra realments is
xoinx en. accordance with the --•:■ - -
— --:=•■- of ■------. Miles. Hare than
forty o£s.ceTs of new reatmenta owe their
.--. - — ---; -■ General lines' :»<:•• = -
mecilatfon. and General Miles has been,
frerriently conatrlted to the matter of ar
rantKitbjn, a»i other details of a mflrfary
character. It fe fcrrthemio.re said, that
renlatfrTns n»?ardm* technical subjects
subesitted by the een«ral are adapted,
while ■ ------ iAxntai3tt*tl<m they
were pfereonhoted. Altogether the army
headquarters ts hfcrhly irrattned wtth the
r!f;n3ideratftja shiTwn General Ides by
Secretary Root. - .
=========
B-crks "Will E« Discharged.
SANTA BARBARA, Sepc IX— The Jtiry
ta the case cf the PeogCe Vs_ M.iycr Bsrte
Cos ilisturSti?- the peace, litsa^reed. stand
ax nine to three for accuittaL :-••..
sian WeEe - -:---■■ --; charts asrairst
the Ifayoc far usfc;r tir^Tsi^e irhicii he
■■- i ■ ••- • ..• tco- Yigszotzs. 7 --. chary* will
I f^aLaJafffMaLkl ll \\X (t^t li W\ EZ?
I^^^^^^DBBTBBBBSaB^aaBSBaa^SBVBBBBBBaSBaaBBBaB^^aBBM V WEE
* t * l **" a '' :^'*"" aT;:M "*'^"'* "' "* " ""^^^^""^^"^^^^^Hl fe U gt^*
Vf ; There is a besisess axiom which |l SHBMfcBa!
*& says: "Unless you are confident '• t - -> .." " **-"' ■"• ''
JjJ that you have an article at merit r-'^c-^-/ b iß^r^iry : -^ •
gi 1 don't send out free samples. "
fK We sc- : samples of oar $10 pj : """^^^bC
qH tailor-made suets to anybody, '^"^^ti^^^ar^^
an>-where, open request. The l { - fe"-
ft? sai~ pies can be compared and . !S'*|\^/ 11\ m--^
-j referred to anybody for judgment. -'J yj s l|W\
cfll After an order is given the cus- l\ LI * la»i
tooaer is protected foly by oar T -
J% laaej retind rf jti viit ft : tr t v^^\ % m^-
km Siitkcft ia rcjair free for mi j«ar. r-^^v\ 1 J^^r: |
S? ! S '-'"-■ ' p&M \ '-=?iC^i
|vj Doesn't this show that we have |S?^i"*i\ S 2sB^!
M . entire faith ia oar clothing ? < - £^@YjA Si v^>
I S. N. wood & CO., ; 'Wwm I M
B 7« Marlet St. aad jl 1 ' iwfe
J>^ Cor. Powell acd Fdd>. . jf^G^ 1
Hrx* axxr^jraticM at actlit- easiest ir« sir=sty
as ictf»<? -»TTOl*iTiGn fcr la* <&?T-»lcp!ruf!it ci crsr
cxiftu trial a ail eomansr-rial Ei»_ asi£ thai sucil
pitCa- ▼td ti« va«»t. icirdnilaQocs a-2ii •?ss>?rt
»nce <rf tie oiti^r aatlcns. tiwir aizujst to
tal cactr=£ outaM* a£ feoii 2««iucts <jC tie
ssarkrsts aC tiw -worii
Tie T»r7" jsc<»ral "*'■' "■ " '- 1 to cur Earrttatxccs
to this conf -;r«ics from the Gor^ram at aeariy
atl fie Sta.a». wHo ha.ir» aj»«Ln»x as tm«T »
«*»*• mese eminent gvHsrhs — tnn th«? ¥T"»t
■mrh fcoill<«_ tlw ttaiTf^rsiti*!*, i-.-: -■■-
■■bar. asrtETitemat ami acaer or?a^iT:n rtrmg
■»Sicir- &a.VKt setrt • -,i - ailcw rJ - aaii =aic
■ : ■
••!'■•-= tit* iSH:-^ tat»r?st »in»r7^rS.»r^ Bri» la.
E&C i!?iii»n£ airij>-rc aad Ix 3 tnicartiat :••••:•
atcc
Prnfesffor Jetiks f^Co-w^l wtti a. paper
trader •--,-; - "PrrjSt^iEi* Before tiw
:-:--'- "- -. - «;. a - .: -.-.- ■- faCaira:
It sas ----- sa;il that tie first niiiiiiar
for tie xftalsnwsc of <rfwr*i- kaij"wL*ic* Ui Cj
:r»t a: ifWTfltW aixcUn# far on** jnoma. It is
certainly me that i Dace «*p- has an»n. taiaa
ta-warri tSj* wkitujc of a. pr-:<3i^tri wiua the
prabl'ma ttssli iaa b«?*a cisorir statsit. Et 3107
t*? •?£ ***tttvt», thffr^far I*.1 *. if tiii'"- vxrtJitts <fu>**
rlon3 w!u»:ii t!i«* pi~*jnc er7niSi2a.tlcns of capi
ta! Sa.T» raia<»t} ami Ktiart ti>» solution, al
wttii'.h. tits cuufekeum mar wel! castEttatE
aac&» h<? Sr-jux!:t tacte&i^c r eiancc -uj«it ta
«t.i -j :■.-••- aJ." of Hut nTsestincs -•»•. by tins
r—-v- • of ti-^w fcifastriiP cr.nihbia^Gna. buz I
■■llfl'T MM cC c2sj* sitzoc uaportait -..-•• 1.1
ti»»T ... - . t,j. jay xctenCan.
Professor pLiced be-fora the cos
fer^cce tie <Ts«atiacs wfcecit?r ecEiaiaa
ciar.-* «rf cacirai do really aioltsh. cotnaii
titios. and ■-'■. *?ta.T3£iaiL3i»n;t -wiiicii
sells ocly a. Big-li ptre«cra^e — say Zi per
_- - to 30- pec rear :-.-.-:":-., --.:.-_
caa s*cnre d<?aopi?{fsti« soras; -v-i---
--'■"~ *■ ~.i* ~.» of capital i~ . co-sriicatiatis
of labor are tile sa=« to prtaL-tple. de
- i.- :.»..; tfe«? -^asse rreanaett; by law:,
■what effect. t£«* rtfl LWI JtaVa trp-»>c.
tiiuafti arui cnnibtnarions; -whetiiHr tiui
patent laws itwtß he s.. c&ajixed as tj
pr?jv<?ct the r£?it of ELrjscoctjr accrurag
aa iJie paceatee^ how far 1 ratlroa<i «ft-»l
rrfrnfriflHrtTr is r?s9on.*fble far Ctiacaji
 -.--.. or .... tiw? clatd ts w»ti , ._. /_.:
that combinations <Jt eapftal ar* htesafetßi
to- the ?ett«ral putfic £a stEsmJatlrisr Car
eiarc trade; whether or mzt the oTercapf
talizatfcn. so- codnujn. ni tie c rsn.2lza.ticn:
of trust* ts i - evfl_ and if so- how It «&crai»l
6e trsated; ----■=.■■ of eocitiratforis q&
pric«e« of raw material- ami finished prod
ucts en iag«s and on middlemen; r*i»
■widest fiirra. <jf lesisiatica sh»>nid it b<±
decided thar there ts neirtl of state texsr
----- - £c the —a - - - -
Th* axtemcoa sefsatoc opened with a
- ----- Professor Adaj=a on th«e saj=.e
,STib.J-?«t. as !*^* prede»wascr.. llr. JenJc*.
Addresses were alsa- matde by D-^ilex
EL Wootea of Texas. Jafca. Grahaii.
Brooi.* of Casabraixe. : : -■- - and Wtlliam.
— ortnne» •-■*•:--- q^ :.:* /. r^.^rr s_
~z. • . .i " : of Cainaierce.
WlEfcim Wtrt ■-:--■':..- •■ - . -i- , -
elected cfc-irrman. of the meetinx. and
after a Sot discussion, -v . - el-icted "perma
nent chairman of the cenfererc?,. thaevfc
three vtce-chairmen. each ta cr«id-i
dnrtnx cse day. were elected.
At the evenln? session the- speakers
■v - -- G">"?mcr Atifescn cf ■'--.- V£r-
Tinia. -_...--.. John W. - Tl . _ of
Tennessee. A'tamey General 5L C- Craw
of ittssoari. Pi E- Tterber of N'ev Tark
isl Joseph S ■■■■ jr. cf ,Wa3h£n?t3n.
KAUTZ TO VISIT
THE STATE FAIR
Special Diapatclx ta Tie GUI.
SACRAiEEINTO. Sept. IX. — Tie- success
<5f Use present Scar* Fair nas already pert
fci action a. — ■ -— -■:: *q i-i.--— i- :-i ._•
advise the people of tie State txpon: tie
ssb^ecu -■■■•- view cJ ttt.-i •-- a«xt
year's fat still mere representative and
to- Briny £t trp- t& tie atajidarTi o-J ilii
scKrrt. CTtaols asd oci^r States. Tofa
------ ta -■:- •:-.-.--; •; Sacra.
awnxans bat boa th.« s;:pp<jrt ajid aM
of a irx- "^"Nr of aarictiEraral j.- ;
6cstn.<»s3 —-- "--:*: .- tite Stare..
Observation --"- i also ". -4" tire »-.
tewta..- - thii* year is notable Cor aoc be
cix represectativH <jf aXE tie people rsare
--;- -„•>■-- -— --.--.: ---------
----- ■-■_-- » »-•! ta-arrD* and snbsstantia!
p^jpte e&aa fcefor?- Ttis -*ns a subject
of ■■— — --" ta tie - "-■""■? *■ 1 • 1 " : .
•fay.
To-dcrmr fe Sacramento and Gov
ernor's day. and business ;reneraJ2y wm
be snypecded. Everytiinz ts fa. readi
ness ro anpropriatfLy receive llaicr Gene
rat Sfcniter. Admiral and other
military and naval e^cers from sas
r*ran'*EJCi> to-cicrraTr. - Tcey win be es
corted froca tie depot to- tie ■:&pttal by
Tr?op B, cavalry, of tie Xaticnal Grzazd.
------ pay tietr resp eirt^ ta- tie
"-•■:- —■ :r After -"""-"" ■..:--.-•* ;
to- Azriculmral Farfc. -wiere tier mrm be
tie stiests oC tie directors of tie Srata
AjTrierrltTiral Society- In tie eventnz
Braai tf to 3- -*>"c£i?ci: '"-" will be "canatseted
tz. tie Assembly Ciamier is tie CapttoL
Tie -_,- *. ----- -— • -;•-. -; of
Secretary a€ State Ciartes W. Orrrv.
ftMftii mil Attorney Gener;il Ctartat X
Post. Szxperfntemiect of State Houcttal*
F. W. Hatci, State • i.-.L- X 1. :-■..-.
It- .- - Secretary "WOUian. Davts, F. A.
' -:l --.-.— A' - ?-.--- J". O. *—!-.
1-: 7-5 -£ lEHer, --5- 1 arranged far i.
strinar crciestra. and a vocal .---; to
frtmisi ni"nafc dTirtnx tie baarjae-?
ATTTTTTTIimimfT*
Last
Chance
- r
jdniflit
if ]ii (fir
ililUlll^ll U
Fridav.Septlo :
C-V
PBICE/ADVAHGES
$5 per share
All appKcatsoos received
up ta niidaisfc-t of September
:--- wilt :-'. in i- $4.50 per
s&are. Only 2 few of the
present ioco shares to be
tud. Doa't delay.
"^i^r
Uiia GHilati (M ai
322-323 PISEOET EITILSISS,,
=-s.-v rp-jjecsco.
1
:iziA5D :?r:"i
4€O TENTH STREET.
OFFICES OF EX £7£.YI.ICS.
UNITHD STATES ERANCH.
STATEMENT
I CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
f
; TRANSATLANTIC FIRE
INSURANCE co hp ant
OF KA3£3tT2G. GXH3IAXT. - vi.l r:r -iM
•iii oC Dec?=fc*r, JL Q. 3335. aad Sir tS«
v y^ar ecdl^ir ca tias: *iay.. i.' -i : - tj -_-■■ I- -
! ■niiriiiTT OnßEMacr rt ta* Scacs of CaEiar-
; a:a» jursoa^t: ta tie uroTtssijsa (j£ s«»ci3k:na CU
i *2d CI <rf tiii» Political Cade. cocii?iii«««i i_> per
j hiaait fjj.";[,fffteri. by th«» CnTnzvssicnec.
CAPSZJUU
; Aaictat af Capital £ tacit, paid try tx
• Cast — .
kflkUU.l
[ R*il Esta.^ cr^aed. by Caajasy-.™.
i T ■■■« rr«f en 3»lC»i.i l^ti Viir^-rra^a^ ,
I Caafe siark«t -aiue at alt stocic* aad.
Socda OTrtred oy ooci^i^?- . X" M 3 51
: Aaicu3£ of Loaas se<mr«d &y pi«d i r'
at E«cd3. SSsefts akad atft«r -aar-
tocaJSte -e'-u.r'.isi-s a.* -ntl»t«---tf
I Caai 1= ccia^ajiy'* cCioe ; 13*3
! Caaii in 6aaia .. R.3T X
i e*Mr£Scat^» rf <iescstt^ ta. Ta^da aC
! Called States Trsat#w :i. ■•: PI
I t^tsr-^sc <ia<» j-^f accrswi air zr.^tia
I j-rf stncfts .._.. . — _ TB.WZ M
[ Pr»nitecn3 12 <tv«- iajiirM«» af oaCaefiscnt— 7VC3 O
■■-■■- act M.irsr^d. taisa
f3r Firs &zt£ g.t-i^g Risia
Esota ixe md acerruiii
C'tt<» frsci c 1 "* .'■■n- • - ■• far •»-
fcisartacK on fcsaes already paid.«
Total aaaet3 ~. n- ■-•-. 13
:.■ i.-:r_r~:~s
1 t^rss<!3 adinstai izA aapoid ,~_ S 1..JZ3 S3
'* Lasses fci proesas of aditiatneiit or So.
;i »ti3i;en3« — '■■"."'—. 30. Cl X
I Louiilj f-!jij*ci-it. fcic£sd£2ff -jiiiffLl.ws . i. 312 34
Graas pr?THiicna on. irsrlsks — r—Tr-^^-
ani? xcar or &»s». C7^3t> »: in !■
sur-t-u:* S> per >--- Z t33. 3«D HI
; G«-.«» iw-num-xs an. Srs ria!t3 ■--»«
' 2iar» tiiait ccc y^ar. CLZ. 43; ---
} Lsssrance- pr-j rota SS^HI «•
i Gr-js? pr^mi-jins in Jlartae an* la-
j load JCurt^atinc Hlalrs. I ;
C -at;-*-j-* - I*J pfr : **' ■ —~_.
' Gr^as pr»=rtnai3 an Marts* Tfcit! >i » .'.'
L UOV -~*E~EBCKniIXfIf QB ~B~RkX>9~F jIBBHBB
Eiaks. J ; rrcmiraare i 3
per cat — .....— -— —- — ... .........
Total Lia.iill:i-»i — — ., JSTZJ3I *4
ESCC ICE.
; : X*t cult xccnaU r~retr«i Jar fir*
f pniaiTcns --- &0.Z3 S
j X«t CM actrratry rweet-r-d far
(■ Wl-v prKniuins
i R*ieiii«l £ac tararsat. on. Bonds anil
: 3firct?a?as
Ejcrtr"*! tar t=tas«?3t asd dlTt»i«:ds on.
: , r •;< - — '.? Ccaas,. and - ■■—. i.
I otSer scttrres : ~~ ■:-~ j 14
j HaeeP»rf aim aS atiMT sc(xr:->-i :*. MS «S
Total -•— - . - -I2W.as •-.
**' .^. r 1 t*l .^ L % '*. H l 4^
; X-r- sauntnt pa.-: far fir* Ig»s»» ffcr-
[ cJ>illM» S tosses aT .'i--«U-—
i y»ars)! BSHM C
: V->- ■•■—--— paid far Maria*; Lowws "
(■j-BicrtiMgg-- I . lasses cC ur»-
Tlcus yaarsj ™_. ~
; DMlall -: MHW*H - . ~ .
' Paitf ar asZtyvn*f far cfrcnnlastaiL ar
Sroftairaire  . — I-O..WS 3 ..
Paid far §a:a--*- r-—> tzti ctter
fji;iry»» fcr oCScsrs, cfcrSa.. «c H. C 3 S
7-1 : Car Stata^ -.i- -.-. i- ; -"-.-
, taxes —~_ L2BB
; a._ MR :i:- :---.« L" : - --"'- -■'.'■'■* *■*. 353 IS
Total erpucdirsrss — — t-.ctr.Hg CT
: - nui'-i iacnr- daring t^g -^«r. «r-f-.agJ» <■>
F fiteka a=^ Pr-smiuna. p?BPt Sisict | ?r«nuia--L
> .. amncgg of r»*W ..- -
; S^»^sL-~ {»«.«•=«« 3 .
; x«t anansst c? ru»i*sf
t yS^~_.Zl-*- ! i«c.at aicia
I l^E-g-tter B. M». - sB.ng,t= Mac
' - ■■ ■ ADOIPE LOE3. V £. V.iraj-g.
Su-scribed and n»ars. to fcefsr* aie tL_» SCS.
iiiay a£ Apm, OffiJ-
3tiEX A. FOOTS. JCactrr IMSEe.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
213 SANSOME STREET,
SJLM FS-VSdSCOi. «*■»"
\ T. cues DHHEID, iiuf^
B. liMlt issistat laai«f.
34
Sast
TALENT HAS
GOOD DAY AT
SACRAMENTO
First Choices Gain a Clean
Sweep Excepting the
Double-Team Event.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13.— The card this
afternoon was a trifle off color, but the
usual large crowd was In attendance, spec
ulating quite as freely as if the fields were
composed of stake horses instead of plat
ers. First choices in the betting almost
• scored a sweep, taking all but the double
team event.
This latter' number, the first called,
proved quite an attractive feature. Mar
guerite and Fanny Putnam, driven by
Jeffries, enjoyed the honors of favoritism
when the horses lirst scored up for the
word, but never cut much of a figure in
the race. The Sacramentans strung their
coin on the chances of "Vet" Tryon be- j
hind Primrose and Regina F, and it was !
liko receiving a legacy from a long lost
uncle, for the pair cakewalked in two
straight heats. George Berry held the
reins over Dr. Frasse and Mamie Riley
hooked to an "ordinary" and his pair, the
only duo using the diagonal gait, made a
brilliant showing, twice finishing a credit
able second,
There were but five contestants for the
2:IS class trot. Before the first heat, a
light plunge chopped the 4 to 1 chalked
against Lynall from fours to 2 to 3 and
the mare turned up the ultimate winner,
after losing the second heat to the cranky
going Azalea. The latter rocks and sways
like a scow schooner with a broken rud
dor, but did manage to win the second
h^at from the favorite, both running un
der the wire. Maud Newman made quite
a bid for the final heat, but became be
calmed in the sail home to the wire. Best
time 2:22? 4 .
The first run was a six and a half
furlong sprint, for which Alaria, with
Tommy Butler up, closed a top-heavy fa
vorite. Alter indulging Shellac and Ma
jor Cook with the Lead to the stretch, But
ler let out his wraps and the first choice
rolled in five lengths before the ;W to 1
shot Jack McCabe, with Mounce in the
saddle. Nonchalance ran third.
A dreary-eyed looking bunch of maid
ens, two years old, followed in a five
furlong dash. The Boots entry, Enjoy
ment, was a pronounced favorite and
strangely enough Morse landed the filly
winner over Mandamus, after Tres Jolie
had cut out the pace for two-thirds of the
journey.
The event following was also a five-fur
long spin for two-year-old maidens, with
a Bit better assortment lining up. At post
time Flamote had a slight call over El
Arte in the ring. Sullivan on El Arte suf
fered from heat prostration or bookmak
ers' fright while at the post, allowing
Macklin. astride of Flamote, to beat out
Tagalog in a drive. Fairfax led Into the
stretch and then blew up.
Harry Whitman finally managed to get
his sprinter Chihuahua In with some of the
lower set. and the concluding six-furlong
run proved easy for the gelding. Under
restraint to the stretch he soon assumed
the lead, winning cleverly from Rapido.
Morse, the wizard of the saddle, with the
leg on Donator, the heavily played sec
ond choice, pulled his mount up without
apparent cause at the start and should
have been summarily punished.
The following are the entries for Thurs
day, September 14.
First race— Sacramento County roadsters
race; 2:22 class; will appear on to-morrow's
programme.
Second Trotting, 2:13 class; mile heats;
two in three.
Iran Alto * I Oallette Wilkes
Clay . .- i Hazel Kinney, .
Clarudlus Neernut
Dolllcan, George W. McKinney
Thin! race— Running: three-year-olds and up
war'! selling; six furlongs.
(40)Amasa 110 i<3l)Mlke Rice 116
25 Ojai 18 36 NovUt 4...110
47 Yule .... 101 | 47 Mafada 110
Fourth race— Running; Autumn handicap;
two-year-olds; one mile.
(23)Bokus Bill 103; 44 Sunello" 116
44 Bamboulia 1051 10 Royal Bengal.. .
44 Bathos 110!
Fifth race— Running; Capital City stake
handicap; one mile and an eighth.
.. Gilberto 90 46 Fortis 85
48 Grady 103 .. Braw Lass 103
. (4.1) Monrovia 100 55 Donator 83
(48) Cromwell USJ(46)MIsUetOB US
Sixth Running; two-year-olds; selling;
five furlongs.
37 Ixiyta 961 M Rose of Hilo 103
.. Phlegon 11l 37 Druidesa 110
37 Palatine 106 .. Nina 108
.. Tanoke 106! 3S Flush of G01d.. 110
Seventh race— Running; three-year-olds and
upward; selling; six furlongs.
' El Himera 94 ."2 Major Cook 104
29 Negligence 109 1 49 Roadwarmer .... '.'7
(0 Stromo 9S (51) Snips 107
43 Miss Dividend... lo4 39 Bustlle 98
55 Donator 107 22 Somis 98
51 Averlne 104! 51 Wllmeter 107
65 Smyle M) 52 I'ongo 104
•
PREMIUMS AWARDED
AT THE STATE FAIR
SACRAMENTO. Sopt. 13. — Additional
premiums were awarded by the judges
at Agricultural Park this morning as fol
-I"\vh:
In the grand sweepstakes for beef breeds
James Sparks of Reno took lirst prize for
the best herd with Jark Hayes and four
cow?; best three-year-old bull, Ja<'k
Hayes; beat bull calf, Wilton Alamo IX;
l>e.=t three-year-old row. I?abe of Alamo;
best two-year-old cow. Shapely Nell: best
yearling 1 heifer. Nora Alamo; beat heifer
calf. Ethel Alamo.
Joseph Margen of lovelocks, Nev., se
cured ilrst prize for best two-year-old
bull with Sharos Victor VI, ami first prize
for beet yearling bull with Artisan.
In the class for thoroughbred families
shown Mrs. T. Boyle took first prize with
Jack Richelieu and five colts.
For best thoroughbred mare and two
colts Mrs. T. Boyle took llrst prize with
Clara L and two colts.
In the class for stallions other than
thoroughbreds and five colts George T.
Hennagin was awarded the first premium
with Jurhbo and five colts. For tho best
mere other than thoroughbred and two
colts Mrs. E. W. CalluiiOine with Abbie
. Woodnut and two colts.
i . > :. :
"CINZANO."
Second ' ' treed
to - lUCCT «Wslu»ively
none. FINEST b7
Pur* i, mo«t
and of the
perfect „ __ ■-•. b««t'
m ITALIAN too ™
every "^
respect. leadln»
Exceptionally hotels,
£„. VERMOUTH. H ,
CHARLES MEINBCKE ft CO.,
Sole ArenU, • '
«14 Bacraoiento Street, San Francisco, O»t
SPORTS ON LAND AND WATER
FAVORITE IS
BEATEN BY A
LONG SHOT
The Albemarle Stake at
Gravesend Track Is Won
by Runaway Girl.
Fppctal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— The Albemarle
stake for two-year-old tilltes was the only
feature on the card at Gravesend to-day.
Cleora was made a hot favorite in the
stake at 13 to 10. with Musette second
choice. The favorite got the worst of a
pnor start, and although she ran a good
race had to be content with second to
Runaway Girl, who won ridden out by a
length at the good price of 8 to 1. King
Barleycorn won the all-ages handicap in
a gallop by eight or ten lengths, having
made all his own running. Owing to Bar
leycorn's varying form the stewards de
cided to refuse him entry in the future.
Results:
Five and a half furlnnrs— Montanic won,
Flower of Gold pecond, Rockton third. Time.
1:08 1-:.
and an eighth miles— King Barleycorn
won, lion Ino second. Arbaces third. Time,
1:54 1-5.
The Albemarle. five and a half furlongs—
Runaway Girl won, Cleora second, Iroquols
Be!!- third. Time, 1:09 1-5.
One and a sixteenth miles— Betten won, Lieu
tenant Gibfion second. Dr. Eichber third.
Time, I:4S 2-5.
Five nnd a half furlongs, selling- L'Alouette
wun. Satin SliinxT second, Ben Uadad third.
Time. 1 :06.
I 1 •< and a sixteenth miles-Ma! won, Chap
paqua second, Monadour third. Time, 1:46.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 13.-F!ne weather, an
excellent track and three good races furnished
enjoyment 10 21, 000 patrons of the State Fair
to-day. Results:
1:11 trot; purse SIOOO— Josephine Dixon won
in straight heats. Time, 2:lt>'- 2 . 2:15^, 2:17U
Chain Snot second, Biwbik third. Stella S and
Yellow Jacket also started.
pace; purse $.100— Ahead won third, fourth
and flftti heats. Time, 2:1 MI, 2:19, 2:22%. Glen
Alto won second heat in 2:19^4 and was second.
Colonel Anderson won first heat in 2:18 and
was third. Plumb Line ana J. J. Me also
started.
2:40 pace, for three-year-olds; purse JaOu, best
two In three heats— Barlight won In straight
heats. Time. 2:19H, 2:17 V Pussy W .How sec
ond. Fay High wood third. Frank Yokuin,
Teddy R. Gale and Melnitte also started.
TF.RRF. HAUTE, Ind., Sept. 18— To-day's
races were witnessed by a large crowd. The
bookmakers lost heavily, owing to the fact
that in both the 2:30 pace and the 2:20 trot the
favorites were simply out of the running.
The 2:IS i>ace was as pretty an exhibition as
has ever been wen on the Terre Haute track.
In no heat was the winner a leader of the field
by a full head, and in the second heat had It
not been for Ruby Mack's bad stumble at the
wire the heat would have been a dead one with
Silver Prince. After the fourth heat had been
paced the race was postponed until to-morrow
on account of darkness. Results:
2:30 pace, purse $l'"no— Hetty G won in
straight heats. Time. 2:0H4, 2:10. 2:11 U. Miss
Edith second, Carmelite third and Gloria
fourth. Birdie tifiCoy, Gus Hornet. Minnie
Slmmupa, Ephraim. Beauty Spot and Vande
venter also started.
trot purse $IW— Bertha Lee won In
straight heats. Time, 2:16V4, 2:13 1 4 . 2:14. Rand
second. Alllcar third and Earllne S fourth.
William C. and Orphan Girl also started.
pace, purse $1000. unfinished— Silver
Prince won the first two heats. Time, 2:11«4.
Marshall won third heat in 2:12. Ruby
Mack won fourth heat. Time. 2:13. Violation,
Mil Jura and Barony also started.
BUFFALO, Sept. 13 —Annie Lauretta took
the best sprinter? at Fort Erie track into camp
this afternoon and galloped home at 10 to 1.
This wai tlif- feature of the day. Looram. the
breaker, was the favorite In
T-.t. but Hardy I home with
1; out of the stirrups, Looram's saddle
- slipped off her J.aok. Weather clear
and cold Track fair. Results:
j-'ix faHongs— Nicholas won, Athy second,
Bromo third. Time. 1:15.
.-sx furlongs Jack T<-llir.K won, Solent sec
■nl Hudson third. Time. I:O2V*.
■ miles- Rotterdam won,
Beilpunch second. Ennnm!:. third. Time, 1:4^;.
Five and a half furlongs- Jena won. Marie
Oreni; 1 ' second, Statin third. Time, 1 • „
£ix furlongs — Nakariti won, Wreath second,
The Dauphin" tl.lrd. Time. I:l4'£.
Six furlongs- Annie Lauretta won. La Grange
second, Rldeau third. Time, 1:14' 4 .
PROVIDENCE, R. L. Sept. 13.— The Grand
Circuit races were resumed to-day at Narra
gansett Park. Weather perfect. Track fast.
Borne if the finishes brought the occupants of
the prand stand to their feet. The first race.
tt-is the unfinished 2:10 trot, postponed from
Monday. Excel and Benator L had a heat
each and both were heavily backed In the pools.
sily. In the 2:30 trut Frank
bay gelding Kinemond won in thr<e
straight heats after running sixth in the first
heat. Dempsey, .-in outsider, won the 2:11 pace
in two straight heats. The talent plunged on
Terrell S. but the horse did not get a plare.
nd outsider won the 2:27 trot. Happ>
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
SACRAMENTO RACETBACK— Ninth day of the meeting of the
State Fair Association, Wednesday, Sept. 13. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge— Frank Covey.
FIRPT RACE — Double teams; mile heats, best two in three; purse, $500.
S C Tryon 1 !: Primrose ana Retina (Tryon) 1 1
r>r Frarse and Mamie Rlley (Berry) 3 2
Our Boy and Bophie R (Maben) * •}
MarKuerlte and Fanny Putnam (.Jeffries) 3 *
•Finished second, but was set back for running 1 .
Time— 2:2s%, 2:24*.
SECOND PACE— Trottlnir, 2:IR class; mile heats, best two In three; purse, $300.
P X Knight's eh. g. Lynall. by Lynmont-Balanoe All (W. HoKoboom) 18 1
J C Kirkpatrlck's blk. m. Azalea, by Maml.rino Wllkt-B-untraeed (Mizner) 2 12
Maud Newman, m. m., by Anteo Jr. (Cuiroello) 3 3 4
Tip Timores, br. m.. by Antimony (Webster) 4 4 3
McNally, br. g., by McKlnney (Hoy) distanced
Time— 2:23%. 2:22%. 2:23%.
Presiding Judge— J.- W. Wilson. " . Starter— R. Havey.
CO THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
<£>._• $250. ■••..• ->••■• . ■ ■ - .-. ■ - ■•• ••■■
— ? — I ; • 1 ' j '■ v 1 I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. %m. ; 4m./ %m. Sir. ■■ Fin. ) Jockeys. Op. CI.
39 Alaria 3 104] 4 .3.4 .3431 11 15 Butler 2-3 1-2
47 Jack McCabe. 3 93 7 4h 5 2 2 1 2 4 2h Mounce 12 40
40 Nonchalance, 5 110 162 44 42 84 3h Jones 6 4
40 Major Cook, a 104 2 2 4 2h 5 3 4 4 4 3 Bergen 6-5 2
45 Pongo 4?;...:........107'5 6 4 6 4 8 64 6 4 Flynn 8 12
49 Shellac 4.. ...... ....101 3 11 14 lh Bh 6 10 Coburn 4 6
34 Semper Leon, 4 93 8 8 8-62 ,7 2. 7 4 Johnson 10 30
26 Berth! McVj"^. _..l- V. __ 7 1' '" '8 8 Wlckllne 15 60
Time— 1:224. Good start. Won easily. Winner, McMahon _ Gerhardy's br. f., by imp-
Watercress-Alary. '' ' _.
KQ FOURTH RACE— furlongs; selling; two-year-old maidens; purse, $300.
_ __ , Betting.
] ' Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight. St. I 4m- ; 4m. %m. Str/ Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
38 -Enjoyment 7.7.102; 3 ... 2 2 2 1 ... 1% Morse. 1. 4-5
27 Mandamus 107 5 ... 62. 3 1 ... 2 3 Jones 6 8
87 Tres Jolle 102 2 ... 11 14 ... 3 10 Tullett 3 5
37 Ella de Pol.. ...... 107! 6 .- 84 • 7 2 ' ... '4 4 Flynn 10 20
23 Azor . 107' i ... 3 Vi 4 1 ... 6 2 Bergen 3 3
37 Gross' .-..•;. 105 7 ! ... 7 10 6 1 ;-...-> 61 J. Ward 5 12
37 Purmayah 106 ! 1 ... 4 2 5 4 ■ ... - 7 1 Snider 6 4
42 Brit" .'.106 8 _, - 6 1 8 6 ... 8 10 Butler 8 12
37 Electa C... . L111I . . - 102] » ■•• » » ... 9 W.King 15 25
Time— 1:04. Good start. Won driving. Winner, Elmwood Stock Farm's b. f., by imp.
Brutus-Dady Evangeline. ■ .. _ ■ '-"
fZA FIFTH RACE— Flye furlongs; selling; two-year-old maidens; purse, $300.
'■ I j — T~ I Betting.
Index. Hocte. . ' Weight. St. -. 4m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. CI.
38 Flamote ...:... 106 2 ; ... 34 33 2h. 13 [Macklln 4-6 4-5
37 Tagalog 105 4 > ... 2 2,,, 2 1 14 "2 ns Butler 4 .'8
37 Fairfax: 105 3, ... 14 14 3 3 3 14 Jenes 3 4
37 El Arte 112 «... 44 44 15 , 43 Sullivan 3-2 1
37 Rose of Hllo... 105 6 - . .... 6 6 2 63 62 Frawley ...... 8 5
30 My Secret... ....105 1 ... 52 6 6 6 Coll 10 25
Time— 1:03. Good start. Won all out. Winner, Cambridge Stable's ch. f., by Flambeau.
Lottie.. * ■ .'.,.. ■ ■ . - . ' ■
PtK. SIXTH; RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $250. !
~ i ~" ~ ~~~- T: i ~ ' p I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Vim. ' 4m. HmA ' Str. Fin. ; Jockeys. Op. CI.
47 Chihuahua, 4... 107 6 ... 4 1 3 4 ... Ins Buchanan .... 7-10
46 Rapid,,, a..... 111,3 ... - 3 1 2 1 ..... 2 24 Ruiz 6 12
45 Correct. 3.... ....... .107 4 ... 11 14 ... ' 32 J. Ward 6 8
51 Magnus, 4.... ...... .107 1- ... 54 42 ... 42 Mounce 4 8
33 Padre Jose, a... .....107 7 ... »9 . 62,. •'...; 53 Bennett ....... 8 20
39 Watossa, 3.....;:... .107 8 ' ... 6 4 5 4 ... 6 4 Butler 8 4
41 Swltzer, 5...........„07 2 ■ ... 7 2 8 2 ?."..;' 7 4 King 20 30
El Smyle, 4.... IOC'S ... 21 72 ... 86, Frawley 20 , 40
45 Taruba, 3....: 103 9 ... 8 2 9 ... 9 Kellas ......... 10 25
58 Donator, 4 .....107 »■ ... ... ... ... ... Morse : 6-5 8-5
•Pulled up. ' -• — • • - - - * . ...... '. .
Time— 1:164. Good start. Won driving. Winner, H. Whitman'! br. g., by Emperor of
Norfolk-Esperanza. ;-' ' . •
THE SAN FKA2s T CISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899.
Toggles, Winner of the Big Free-for-All Trot at Sacramento.
TOGGLES, 2:09*4, the property of Graham R. Babcock of Coronado, has proved himself the fleetest of the harness
horses racing at the great fair of the State Agricultural Society at Sacramento. On Friday he won the most important
trotting race of. the meeting, going one of the heats in 2:10, the fastest time ever made in a race over the Capital
City track. Charles E. Clark, shown in the sulky, lias driven the Strathway gelding in all his races.
i Jim in two straight heati beating out Edward
B, the favorite, who took second money. The
■ winner got a ww mark In the first heat, which
' was stepped in 2:124.
The 2:10 trot wus the race of the day and
1 darkness put an end to one of the best races
in the circuit this season. Four hffits
were trotted. Dayton won the first heat. Cap
j tain Jack won the second, but lost a chance
in the third heat, as a sulky wheel was smashed
! in a collision in the homestretch. Louise Mac,
an outsider, won the heat and the succeeding
' one muih to the surprise of the talent. The
' hcr-pa were called out for the fifth heat, but
It was too dark and they were Bent back to
the stables. Results:
2:1"5 class trot, purse $1200 (concluded)— Sen
ator L won the second and third heats. Time.
213 2 •: Vi Excel won the first heat in 2:14»4
and" was' second. Edna Cook third. Nigger
Jack, Georgina, Glory. Iris O, Pixey, Farris
and Phoebe 1 Childers also started.
Rhode Island Stake, 2:30 class trot, purse
$3000 three in five— Ktngmond won the second,
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:15%, 2:12H,
j 2 :16? i. The Queen won the first heat in 2:164
i and was second, Piedmont third, Paul Pry
ff rth. B«?l Esprit and Mips Pratt also started.
2:11 class pacing, purse $1200. two in three—
Dempsey won in straight heats. Time, 2:ll'i.
2:10 t 4. johnny Agan second. Mazet third. Ter
j rell S, Flirt. Blaze Boy. Caatleton, Timepiece,
Free Bond, Art Alco, King Chimes. Joe Bailey
1 "Will Leybum. McJoe, Early Bird, Joe Pilot and
; Palmetto Prince also started.
: 2:27 class trotting, purse $1200, two in three—
j Hnppy Jim won in straight heats. Time, 2:10>4,
I LO% Edward S second, Roscoe C third.
Dana, Rudd Stout. Edmund, Aggie Parker and
! Hampus also started.
2:10 class trotting, purse $2000, three in five
! (unflnishedl— Louise Mac won the third and
fourth heats. Time. 2:10^4. J:ll«4. Gayton won
the first heat In 2:10 U. Captain Jack won the
second heat in 2:09 U. Charley Herr. Battle
ton, Alcldalia, Monterey. Who Is It? Rubber
and Bonnatella also started.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Weather clear; track
; fast. Results:
Five furlongs, selling— Oussle Fay won, Bas.
stda second, Ant<Mnetta third. Time. 1:01%.
Mix furlongs — Duty won, Prestar second, Creil
! third. Time, 1:14*4.
I Fix furlongs — Tom Mlrdleton won. Goebel sec
ond Abe Furst third. Time, 1:15.
Mile and a quarter, selling— King Bermuda
won Jackanapes second, Periwig third. Time,
1 2:06 H.
one mile, selling— Piser won. Hittick second,
Pat Garrett third. Time, 1:40^.
( >ne mile— Ed Tlpton won, L'hlers second,
Seattle third. Time, 1:41.
REIFF WINS AGAIN.
LONDON, Sept. 13.— At U*e great Yar
mouth meeting to-day R. Sherwood's
three-year-old hay gelding Warnock, rid
den by L. Reiff. the American jockey, fin
ished first in the race for the South Denes
Belling plate. Good was second, and New
market, with "Skeets" Martin in the
saddle, finished third. Nine horses fan
five furlongs straight.
Sulks, ridden by Reiff, won the Norfolk
and Suffolk handicap. Succoth was sec
ond, and Nipper, with Martin up, finished
third in a field of nine horses.
MEN OF THE
DIAMOND IN
GOOD FORM
Percentage of Four Baseball
Teams — Senators Still
Lead Their Rivals.
During the last few weeks the Senators
have forged to the head of the column
and they now occupy a safe first place, at
; least for some few weeks. Their strong
: opposition to leadership has been the
! local aggregation, but Hank Harris' men
have not demonstrated any great power
;of late. The blanketing hoodoo which
1 covered the Wasps for several weeks and
brought them from ilrst place to second
with a big drop was removed last Satur
i day, but it returned the day after with
: awful persistence.
! Santa Cruz and Oakland have been play
: ing most exciting and interesting ball
i ever since the beginning of the four-team
: league. Ewing kept his eyes peeled for
1 the best men of San Jose and Watson
| ville teams and the Dudes now present
i a strong front. Within a month they
have advanced up the column at a sur
prlslng rate of speed and if the late buc
\ cess continues the Crabs will have to
I fight a hard battle for third place. San
i Francisco is by no means certain of its
I hold in the place position. The next few
I weeks may see some pronounced changes
right down the line of percentages.
The standing of the teams in the Cali
fornia league is as follows:
S|S S £• _1b a _ 3
I go _ 2 8 ! y |
CLUBS. a 5 3 : _ ? : : n
CLUBS. 3 S - : - .- £
oi_« : Si: ; : \ ?
• 5T • • - • ; ' :
: • 3: i '. : : : :
:[?{: . i:|: |: \\\
Sacramento !14] 5] El 6| 5J34I56 .607
Sacramento 14 5)5 5] 5 34156 .607
San Francisco 7.. 6! S 5 7 33 62.532
Santa Cruz 3 4 ..11 5 5:2$ 57 .491
Oakland 5 3 9.. 5 5 27 .415
Watsonville 5 4 6 5.. 5 25 50
San Jose 2 4: 3 9 5 ..23 50
Lost ._11_22 1 29 '; 20J38|25l27 1
A league whose games are attracting
attention all o\er the Tehachapl district
!is the San Joaquin Boseball Association.
: There are siv clubß, representing Merced,
Bakersfleld, Fresno, Visalia, Hanford and
Selma. At present Merced has a big lead,
but the rivalry among the clubs is cer
tainly intense if the enthusiasm of the
townspeople is any criterion.
An unverified rumor has beon floated
that Manager Tuttle of Santa Cruz may
take his team to Vallejo, changing the
franchise. There does not seem to be
much foundation for the story, however.
Jack McCarthy and Pat Meany will
soon be grabbed by local teams.
An interesting match will be that be
tween the Heeßemana and the California
Volunteers, which will be played next
Sunday at the Presidio grounds. Tho
teams will line up as follows:
Heesmans. Positions. Cal. Volunteers.
Thnnias Pitcher Garrison
Shea Catcher Eager
Toeday Fl ret base Proll
Kane. Second base Valento
Lutgen Third base Fiske
Davis Shortstop "U'all
Book Left field Nlcholsen
("line Center field Zunn
Lehner Right field Hitter
Hopes for Beturn Match.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— Pedlar Palmer,
the defeated bantam-weight pugilist,
sailed for England to-day. Palmer says
that after the approaching fight with
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
-•- ss n s T^/YE^C I XT/"fcPP "DTTT3XT
'^fr^J!jttks% 1/l/r.o JNUI DunJN
NOR BLISTER!
'^SS^mS^^ j^\\!w^rP^ '^Syji ■ •: '■ l make the only Electric Belt in the. world which infuses a" gentle,
_^=Ji?rf)MvW^^ nH ■ s™thing warmth of Electricity into the body and does not BURN nor BLIS-
4SEmr s^&V&hWoHr WVmL ~-~S illllm^. Electricity is the grandest invigorator of the age; it cures where all else
&^^ stzfaFStd WJ^^WW '^ mi/ JjJJJM/BaL. fails - but [t cannot serve its curative purpose when the burning of the bare
xfj&)d-n&&! t^ Wsmfflk l have devoted twenty y*ars to the perfection of my method of treat-
•^^wiP^R *<||^gg£gfgf!|f||rasn\ rnent. My perfected Belt of to-day is guaranteed stronger in power than
aSm, ©SWiliiSljfeSji^^*- ■~** s^&&s-?2amßK£'&wllk any other °" earth. Yet, with my soft cushion electrodes and my patented
"■SBfr regulator I can infuse its vitalizing force into the weak parts so that it
C^t^M^lsmJlEz wJT'Juh^^^^^^B^f^S^^^wS^ strengthens but does not burn; it cures, but does so in a soothing, pleasant
My "Belt is a positive cure for all nervous,, weak and debilitated MEN
«^-^^^^^^T\v«)«^^^V7rv IB^ffiMWiiß'' for men with VARICOCELE, WEAK BACK, LACK OF ENERGY, RHEU-
"^^v^rS^jP^W^ •' v V /UPrS™' 'T|l ' : ;. - nerves, .'restoring health and strength and curing all forms of female com-
OXJGREID. OTTFtEID.
. San Francisco. CaL . : * ' " .. -
. DR. M. A. : Mct.AT7GHL.INr- Dear Sir: About three months ago I purchased one of - COTTONWOOD, Cal., September "i isqo
your high-grade Belts, having. suffered from pain In the back and general debility, as well t)R M. A MeLAUGHLIN— Deur Sir- «sino*. loot I wrote I ii«» imnm 1' "«•
as loss or appetite, for several years. The pain in my back was- so severe-especially if deal and « m V^i« fln« w^T? V J, I wrote rT . ha%e Improved a great
I sat upon a chair and suddenly arose-it felt as if my back was breaking in two. I wore a™ l ana am feeling fine. By the use 01 your Belt all my pains and backache have
the Belt as you advised, and In ten days began to feel a general Improvement in all my lert me - It has caused me to feel happy even during my hard work. I cannot speak
eymptoms, and now I. can say. that lam entirely cured. My appetite and general health too highly of your Belt and the good it has done me. I would not part with It for
have also improved. I will cheerfully recommend the Belt to all sufferers. Street any amount; if I could not get another. Yours truly, L. LiETZAU.
*— i-.. unihr tiK, p2S Minnesota Street. • , . •. . ■„ ' ■ ' . - . ,"•
GALL TO-DAY OR SEND FOR FREE BOOK.
If you are sick or weak, call and see my famous appliance. I have 10.000 cures in the last three years. I will show you the names of your neie-h
bore whom I have cured. If you cannot call, I will send you, closely sealed, my illustrated book with full information about my new method
HP M A Md AITCHI IN 702 Market St M cop. Kearny, San Francisco, and
M*>« LIU **• .iTlyl^/^U.VII ;I f4II * r cor.^pring and Second, Los Angeles.
t Office hours^-8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; bundays, 10 to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. . ...
Curley which he Is confident of winning,
he will be prepared to make a match
with Terry McGovern for any sum the
latter can raise.
BOSTON TAKES DOUBLE
HEADER FROM ST. LOUIS
BOSTON, Sept. 13.— Bcston took a double
header from St. Louis to-day. Donlin's errors
in the second inning of the first game gave
three runs and the game to Boston. In the
second game Cross' error and consecutive hit
ting scored four runs for Boston in the sixth.
Boston tried out two new men— Sullivan, a
catcher, and Kuhns, a shortstop. Both did
well. Collins and Frisbee made star catches.
The second game was called at the end of the
sixth. Attendance 6500. Score, first game:
Second game:
Clubs— B. H. E.
, Boston 6 9 1
! St. Louis 3 9 3
HELPED HIS MASTER
TO BREAK THE LAW
THE DOG RETRIEVING DYNAMITED FISH.
WORD was received yesterday at the office of the State Fish and Game
Commission that E. Mecheli had been arrested for destroying fish in
Russian River by means of dynamite. The fellow was arrested near
Cloverdale by Constable "Wilson, who caught him in the act of Violating
the law. It transpired that the man was one of four who were arrested
a year ago for a similar offense. Three were fined $230 each, but this one
escaped
A peculiar feature of the lawbreaking of the fellow was that he had an accom
plice in the ahape of a big dog, which had been trained to gather In the fish that
had been destroyed by the explosive. The animal would Jump into the river and
bring the dead fish to Its master. Constable Wilson had suspected that Mecheli
was engaged in this illegal occupation, and he resolved to watch. By a cir
cuitous route he managed to reach a clump of bushes that grew near the river
and waited for developments. The dynamiter was at his favorite pool and placed
the deadly charge in the water, where It was exploded. Dozens of fish immedi
ately floated to the surface of the water and at the command of the man the
dog plunged in and retrieved the fish, big, little and all. Wilson watched until
the fellow's basket was full and then placed him under arrest. Deputy C. A. Vo
gelsang took the illegal fisher to Ukiah for trial. The dog accompanied the pris
oner. »
Batteries— Lewis and Sullivan: Young and
Schreckongost. Umpires— Mannassau and Con
nolly.
dubs— R- H- E.
Boston o 8 1
St. Louis 3 o 3
Batteries— Bailey and Bergen; Sudhoff and
Schreckongost. Umpires- Mannassau and Con
nolly.
BROOKLYN, Sept. 13.— With one run scored,
three of the Plttsburgs on bases and only one
out in the ninth inning to-day, Swartwood
called the game on account of darkness. The
score, therefore, reverted to the eighth and
Pittsburg was euchred out of a hot flnis-h. The
visitors were partly to blame, as they delayed
matters by Indecision as to whether Leever
should bat or not. Sparks pitched great ball
until the eighth, and then weakened. Hill
kept the hits scattered. Attendance 2200.
Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
I'itisburg 3 9 1
Brooklyn 4 7 2
Batteries— Sparks, Leever and Bowerman;
Hill and McGulre. Umpires— Swartwood and
Hunt.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13— The game to-day -was
a farce after the third Inning. Mullarkey, late
of the Washington club, did not prove a puz
zle for the New Yorks. Seymour was effective
throughout. Attendance 300. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
New York « 19 8
Chicago - ' 1
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; Mullarkey
and Donahue. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 13.— The Phillies
made enough errors to lose two ordinary games,
but Cleveland failed to profit thereby owing
to their inability to hit. Attendance 2195.
Score:
Clubs- . R- H- E
Cleveland 2 7 0
Philadelphia 8 12 7
Batteries— Wilson and Sugden; Donahue and
Douglass. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
BALTIMORE, Sept. 13— Baltimore won a
double-header from Louisville to-day. Woods
had the Orioles shut out until the eighth inning
cf the first game, but three singles and a base
on balls gave them three runs and victory. The
locals led all the way In the second game.
Attendance 1995. Score, first game:
Clubs- R- H E
Louisville 2 7 0
Baltimore " 8 6
Batteries— Woods and Zlmmer; McGinnlty
and Smith. Umpires— Betts and Dwyer.
Second game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Louisville * 11 2
Baltimore 8 13 1
Batteries— Phlllipi and Zimmer; Nops and
Robinson. Umpires— Betts and Dwyer.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 18.— McGe« was easy
for the Reds In the first game, and aided by
bases on balls and errors they walked off with
the victory- In tne second the Senators
bunched their hits on Frlske in the fourth
inning and secured a lead which Cincinnati
could not overcome In the six Innings played
before darkness set in. Attendance 2400. Score,
first game:
Clubs- R- H K.
Washington * n 3
Cincinnati 14 15 0
Batteries— McGee and Klttredge; Breitenstein
and Peltz. Umpire— Latham.
Second game:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Washington 8
Cincinnati » 7 2
Batteries— Flfleld and Roach; Friske and Ka
-1 hoe. Umpire— Latham.
West
FLEET DOGS
IN THE BIG
CONSOLATION
Drawings for Two Stakes at
Union Park Bring Out
Fast Greyhounds.
Two big coursing stakes will be run oft
at Union Park Saturday and Sunday, the
open stake, with sixty-four entrif
the consolation of the California Produce
stake, forty-three dogs, none of whicli
have been withdrawn. The prizes will ag
gregate $1110, $060 for the open stake and
$450 for the consolation. Frizes for tho
open stake are: Winner $110, runner-up
$70, two at $40 each, four at $25, eight an
$17 50 and sixteen at $10. For the consola
tion: Winner $120. runner-up $7a, third $00.
three at $25 each and live at $20. The con
solation promises to be one of the best
stakes run this season.
Open stake— R. E. de B. Lopez's Mlnneoia
vs. P J. Reilly's Warship; Courtney & Hare'a
Douglas vs. E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy; Ber
nard A. Johnson's Lowlanrt.-r vs. Hurley .\s
! Kdlly's O X Capitol; Handy & Smith's Jennie
Wilson vs. H. A. De.Kloman's Pet Klrb;. ;
George Sharman's Wait ■ Kittle vs. R. E. rto
B. Lopez's Green Valley Maid; Moses London's
Magneto vs. John Kennedy's Night Time; .J.
P. Thrift's Forgive vs. John Kennedy's Ev»-j
Shore; Aeneid Kennels' Pretender vs. Pasha,
Kennels' Erwin I'aslia; Jarr.es Dean's MialmcJ
vs E and R. Scott's Lord Byron; George
Sharman's Blue Rotk w* Handy & Smiths
Sylvanus; Marte.l Bros.' Winning :-tyle vs. H.
Jardlnl's Young Lochinvar; D. J. Healy's
Maori Land vs. «\ J. Mclnerney's Johnnie R;
Hurley tt Reilly's Star of Cuba vs. Atae'.d
Kennels' Maid of Erin; Hugh Lynch's Loiterer
vs Joseph P. Thrift's Forget; H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Lad vs. J. L. Ross' Shy lock J
Kay & Tratifs Hanker vs. H. A. I 'nr-kleman's
Laurence; Bartel Bros.' Bart's Belle vs.
Thomas Hall'a Nonpareil: James Dean's Con
nemara vs. R. L. Taylor's (names) lfoae: O,
J Panarlo's Old Glory vs. Handy & Smlth'a
Magic- T. J. Harrington's Beau Peep vs. Jo*
seph Perry's Commodore Nash; Pasha Ken
nels' Firm Friend vs. T. J. Mclnerney's Tom
my Rex; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle Claitf
vs R L Taylor's (names) Bounding Belles
I. F Halton's Tic-Tac vs. T. Sullivan's DalsyJ
Sterl & Knowles 1 Wag vs. H. A. Deckleman'4
Prince George; John Kennedy's Wine West vs.
H F Anderson's Crawford Braes; M. B. Kav
anagh's Swedleh vs. Sheeper & Powers' Match
less; Pasha Kennels' Metallic vs. Handy &
Smith's Lady Hugo; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Rochester vs. J. Jones' Moonlight; Sterl it
Knowles 1 Fleety Mist vs. T. J. Mclnerney'4
Nora; T. J. M.clnerney's Reglna R vs. Pashg,
Kennels' Rest Assured; P. J. Reilly's Plow-
Boy vs. J. O' Shea' s Young America; K<s,
Evatt's Hurricane vs. J. Seggerson's Can
delaria.
Consolation of California Produce stake-
Bernard A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. E. M_
Kellogg' s Sweet Emma; R. L. Taylor's Tor-,
ment vs. J. J. Edmonds 1 Whisky Hill; P.
McCabe's Craig Boy vs. P. J. Reilly's Still
True; F. Parson's Perseus vs. Hurley Si
Reilly's Lucretla Borgia; H. Germain's TallaU
vs. R. K. Malcom's Agamemnon; J. H. Ros
seter's Round About vs. Curtis & Son's Nar
cissus; R. E. de B. Lopez's Wanda vs. Daily l
& Selbein's Gypsy; J. H. Harrison's Hot Hasta
vs. G. M. Abercromble's Rock Island Kinw:
E. Burmeister's Warrior vs. Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Wild Swede; E. M. Kellogg's lows*,
Maid vs. R. Strehl's Three Cheers; J. M.
Halton's May Hempstead vs. D. J. Healy'9
tt'Hara; J. H. Rosseter's Rapid Addition vs.
G. M. Abercrombie's Miss Richmond; J. 11.
Perigo's Controller vs. H. W. Rike's Nancy*
R; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox vs. J. H. Per
igo's Bohe; J. H. PeriKO's Lady Davenport
vs A. L. Austin's Lord Marmion; R. E. de B.
Lopez's St. Anthony vs. T. Barre's Wait-a-
Blt; F. Pattersen's Idler vs. J. H. R< ■- -
Risky Attempt; J. H. Rosseter's Royal Anr*
vb R. K. Maleom's Athena: Asa R. Newell" a
Rough Rider vs. R. K. Malcolm's Aeneas;
Hugh Lynch's Lexington vs. Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Rosy Clair; J. H. Rosseter's Random;
Aim vs. E. Adams' Her Grace; C. C. Gria
wold's Master Workman, a bye.
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. *
■ » •
TRAP SHOOTERS DECORATED.
Olympic Gun Club Members Receive
Medals for Which They Have
Been Competing.
The members of the Olympic Gun Clulj
met at dinner last night, the occasion be
ing the distribution of medals won in thq
club's trap-shooting contests during tha
season just closed.
Merton C. Allen presided and acted as
toastmaster. He had something pleasant
to say in turn to the victors in the vari
ous classes. Each of the medalists was
called upon for a response. The winner^
were:
Live birds— Champion. C. A. Haightj
class A, L. D. Owens; class B, Paul Del*
mas.
Bluerocks — Champion. A. J. Webb; class
A. Fred Feudner; class B, L.. D. Owens I
class C, Wade Walter Hirschfleld.
After the exercises were concluil. <l
Archie Treat gave a lecture, Illustrated
with views of scenery with which the
members were familiar. Horace Tibbita
manipulated the lantern.
The medals were of gold, having upon
their face the monogram of the club an<i
two guns crossed.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wltU
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission,
NEW COACH FOR STANFORD.
Manager Berry Secures the Services
of "Tot" Murphy.
STANFORD TNIVERSITW Sept. 13.-,
Football Manager Berry has secured th£
services of "Tot" Murphy. Yale, "S3. ad
trainer for his football squad. For four"
years Murphy played on his college I
ball team, besides captaining it during his
senior year.
Since leaving- Yale Murphy has attend-.
Ed the T'niversit-- of Pennsylvania MecU
ical School and for two years he coached
the Pennsylvania baseball teams. "Tot ■
Murphy is a brother of "Mike" Murphy,
America's greatest athletic trainer I
coach. He leaves New York at once, ana
•will remain with the Stanford athletes un
til December 1.BODIES FOUND
ON THE SHORE
"s of the Jessie
Party.
■
i
-
-
-
-
■
■
■ i
- ■
■
-
■
■ - -
-
-
-
POSTMASTER AT KNOB
SHORT IN HIS ACCOUNTS
yL-x- Pcstc-tfLcs ~y£czi2y Witix t^"
H»eesipts cf rs±s General
Xerch.ar.dise Store.
RKDDINtx, Sejjt. 1.1.— The Government
Enspector has Jtnst dtsctnrered a shortax-e
of *;<*) in the -accounts of Postmaster G.
M. Green, at Knob Postaffice, Harrison
G-zlcr.. Ss.'b -^ a country money order
o£3ce JlTaz a remarkable feature of the
shortage is that it haa ail occurred with
in the last two months and a l:.i:f. Green
w:ia appctated Postmaster two years a.?o.
Fred Hurst of Redding-, and C A Hniit
:~z- -n and Lou Pr.r.e tj£ Harrison Gulch,
each went on his bond for S2DOO.
Green, assisted by his wif^. conducts a
rmaJJ general mercoandtse store in con
nectfon with the Poatoffi.ee. He was in
this tanit oi n:;xir^- t'r.~ P'Tsto^ce money
—■■.: :.:-? ir.r.'*3 •:' ;-.:.i ■rr;r". Or. J:r.e iS
• rr— »n was J4O in arrears with hrai^uar
ters. An Inspector arrived cr. last Friday
and frotng: over the bo«)ks and stobba i
Co tn<3 i snx>rtag« i;f SiO<). Gr»en and bta
wlie appeared greatly surprised, saving I
they "hoUiht :hey were about aq-iare i
with tfie 'department. They were abie to
raise i^i:') at once CO appiy ';n the short- i
a,re. The Inspector Informed Greens i
bondsmen that they were Liabie for the ;
baiance._ The o£ce :.? rfftoaQy in their !
hands, ihey w:li Cor the appointment
cf a. new Pcstmaster at once. They are |
Inclined to believe the shortage the result
at carelessness rather than intent to de
fraud and if Green reimburses them hi a '
reaLscnaJUle time they will prcbabiy nor:
prosecute biro.
: / B
■
■
■
■
-
State I - ' -
-
i -
■
■
■
Will Grant Copyrights
-
-
Big Oil Strik?.
-
waa ' . •
i
-
~Z7.z~-:iyLz:~: -
vlll liii*y|iiiiiC
Is ths -rtest sea.- in '■ ■ '^t life. «a
it is in Nature srcnerallj'. It i 3 the time .
qz promise. As the yrxnzjf girl arrwrs
near to that mysteries^s line "Where
■^etnnnhced and girlhoc<i meet," her :
•whole destiny L: in"a nreasnre being de- i
termined. Kory ===============^
often the sweet |?mV <o >v
jmiu^ -? irl T under ■•^l ;^ s^S^ : ssi
t-ie Cii^.nge. wi—^- i^v^^~«^;?-^^'»L\^
er; and droops j 4&^^O&-
£&' Wk N
erallT needs seme j i
little help at t&» f x Mf&X^t :
critical oenod, and j. *^% ';^5
- ta i/J ; :
best fora is coc- { (S/ r «»Arf'M-'T
tamed in Doctor j X K^/gff U I :
Pierre' 5 FaTorite *t^^ "A y^"J
Prescription. It \£ss£^~y£~/
establishes regn- | "^STrP^t. S\ [
larlty. and gives 1 r- V.^-*"-* \ ;
the Vigor of per- I r "v^t* JT \ i i
feet health to the | A'^i \ i
■womanly organs. \ '
It contains no al- -SF' ■« A( \ i
cohol, neither cci- . / f*V !
a, cocaine, nor j*[ / T^ "«^ \|
Other narcotic. j/ / Jr" *N* I/*! ;
31^3 Esissa Ccci of ;,"N-—^JEfeTuf ♦ !
--.::::::r:. siavi Co., , \ ■ < |^W W] :
*< <• aw
_, v y^
tried several doctcrs' : i '^"i/O/JH 3s if "• I
remedies, bet received 'jjj » jt'a-^ Tr t I
enly v«y little relief; ** r\*\. I I ■
therefcre. I feel it siy ..^ ■  ■ i •' '
duty to wr-.te and let
ether sagerers know what tout ! Fa-rente Pre-
scription ■ a=d 'Goldea Medical Discovery' asd
■ Pleasant P-dlets." have dose for me. I loci
eisf lit bottles of ! Fa-rcrite Prescriptioit '_ anc ;
' GoUicn Medical Discovery/ six vial* of the ;
• Pillcts. 1 also cue bottle :f yo«r 'Casiporsd '
Extract of -rsart-Weed. '- A3 «c<:n aa I had tiicin ;
tie tat hcttie I could — that tie raediciae ,
was hernias? n«. I had disease of internal or- ■
jifaiis w-xh bronciiitia aad catarrh. I also -used j
tie Iccal treatnieat you (nggot^."
The slugjrish Sror can be erred 07 !
the use cf Dr. - tree's Pleasant Pellets, j
NELSON'S RICH
CARGO OF GOLD
Brings Down a Half-
Million in Dust.
-■ ■ " i
SEATTLE. Sept 12.— Six hundred thou- ;
sand dollars in gold dust arrived here this j
afternoon from Alaska on the steamer ;
Charles Nelson. Four hundred thousand ;
was consigned to the North American •
TrajStug and Transportation Company. |
It came down trout Dawaon. Two him- 1
dred thousand cane from Cape Nome. It j
waa the property of about forty miners j
from that district. The largest individual
boiders were J. Kelsburz. L. Golden, J. G. '.
Fritz, F. Pennote and N. William.*. The !
Cape Ncmera say that gold is stared in :
cans and bucket* bx that camp a_3 in the |
palmiest daya of the Klondike.
Three thousand people are working the ;
beach for all It is worth, ihey expect to L
all get out of the country before the
ireese-up. which id expected about tlxe ;
middle at October. So intent have they
been In dijrsiss 1 gold that no prepara.t£acs
have betin made in providing 1 shelter for
winter and they will cf necessity have to
come out.
J. F. Wardner. the wei: -known mining
man, brings a ?iowin? accc-unt of the rich
ness oi t^e district, il. C hur.su oi
WMdby Island, Vv"asn:n^-.on, wha v em
baxked on the Charies Seise n at Name, ,
died at sea. The Neiacn had nearly 2JJO > :
passengers.
PaSaDLNa, Sept. — . — Joint Etfeame of
this city. F. B. Waa&Jbarn oi Duarte. J. '
(4. Heppner of Covma. T. A. Puree.l of ;
Glendora. and J. S. Tnpp of Covtrta. re- 1
turned Crom Fish Hiver and Guliivan Eay.
one hundred miles from Cape Nome. I
They say they located seven cuiima, one ;
of which siuiced Jlwi in one day. They I
will open up the claims in me spring.
Wages ire S3 a day and oar and beach ;
g?ui that Is takes out by nckera saves .
many miners :r';-c: c^inj broke.
SON OF SENATOR PLATT
GIVES HIS TESTIMONY
. - c Committee bxrt Iltt
' - B
Zampasij Z:----- 1 ?
■
■-■ • - .
ss a
■
■
■ i
■ -
- ■ ■ ■
PRESIDENT COMMUTES
A SOLDIER'S SENTENCE
-
■ -
■ -
■
--■ - •
■-. • .
■ _
-
• . : i - « -r ■
• - . -
THE THIRD MAJOR OF
THE FIRST REGIMENT
PAPTAIN JOHN F. COJTN'OLL.T cf Ccrapazy A was ccmaiiss: - ■■ third
major at One First California. Regiment yesterday, hi 3 comraiasiori
{ fceaxlns date of Septemuer £ Captain Connelly has b^en actiag- as ma
U-- Battalion for some time, but there mm seme question
ever the appointment of a third major, and so he had not recsiTrai the
rank, although he exercised tftM command.
The new major of the First U x graduate from the ranks cf the old Na
tional Guard of California. H* ran the gamut of shoulder straps up to the
command of Company A. end! as tas captain, he was mustered Lnto the votan
teer service. During the campaigns »n the Philippines he more than extra di3
tis?">iished himself tor bravery, and under h:3 leadership his company earned
aa enviable reputation- The set for which llajor Connolly earned the highest
praise was the rescue of Private Slade. who had fallen, wounded, in front of
the enemy. Among' the officers Major Connelly Is known a* a thorousrh sol
dier and a competent officer. Amonjr the men he has earned the name of
"Honest John." His appointment has brought him the united con^ratuia
tlocs cf the regiment.
Georjre T. BaHinger, first lieutenant cf Company A has been made captain,
in Connolly's place. Joseph A. Srowr, the second lieutenants ha 3 been, given.
a single bar. and Charles L. O'Donaell. the first serg-eant of the company,
has come to the dignity of plain shoulder straps.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI-L. THX'ESDAY. SEPTEMBER 14, 1999.
GEN. SHAFTER
WILL REVIEW HIS
BIG COMMAND
Parade of All Troops
Aval ab -.
QVnH J-UUH THOUSAND IN LINE
COLOSSI. Z>UBOCZ DECLINES A
: : KMTSBgnU AS 3LAJOR.
He v7ili Scay "With, the !hegxni«n± and
Ec L-eciarss ITrat Ha Will
Al'-s^ys Se 3.«ady for
Service.
The bis.ffest parade that has been held
at the Presidio since General HiUer re
viewed the troops encamped here a year
ayo. will be held at the Presidio to-mor
row morning. At 11 o'clock General sha£
t-r will review all the resruiar troops and
the three volunteer regiments waiting for
transportation ta the Philippines.
The troops In KB will be Batteries E,
EARNED HIS SHOULDER
STRAPS BY FIGHTING
D- the
Northwest furnished thousands
ol soldiers whose absoLuta fear
lessness on the faring line and
marvelous ability to stand the hard
ships oi the tropics and the trenches
elevated the standard of the volunteer
army to first place among the soldiers
cf the world.
At the PtestilloC in the camp of the
First Eegiment of Idaho Volunteer la
fan try, is a modest little man. at pres
ent sreatiy reduced by the severe ex
periences of the past twelve months in.
the Philippines. His is a serious bat
kindly face, strongly molded and given
peculiar emphasia by eyes that inter
pret at a xiance.
Such, briefly, is the personnel cf Cap
tain Frank W". Hunt, who was a lieu
tenant when he sailed away from San
Francisco Cor the Philippines with his
regiment. Shortly after hi 3 arrival tn i
Manila he was installed on General
OveosMne's staff, and from the eon
-n^ncement oi hostilities until embark
aSiaa Cor haine be was constancy on the firing- liae. Gallantry action
eamedJfor h:m the shoulder straps at a captain, and his superior oficer in
bis official reports twice recommended Mm for brevet rank.
Cantata^ Hunt is modest as becomes a ?ood sold£er and a brave man. but his
morales itattUtreely at the many instances ta which tie prove! his mettle. In
Sevcorner 8* "a «*« s* 3 -"' l3 a P l^ ari P"* 80 * 1 lhins [n tie tent; o£ x 3o1 "
iler-ltodtvtMi ... weapon was wrested from the hands at a Filipino by
Captam;Hustifa a hand-to-hand n?ht In the trenches.
- ■ ■
--.- - - -
-
- •
■ -
■
■
■ ■
-
■
-
. - - '" -
■■ ■ - ■ ' "
• " -
■
-
- - -
- L. . .
rV2T «»rvtces seeded hi or^xalzla? r«sim»st
earliest pcnf!bl>? matnenc Telearapil wSetSer
you. will accent ami when rou can join.
H. C. COHBIX Adjutant GeaeraL
Colonel Duboce declined the prafTared
honor In the following telegram:
H. C. Ccrtia. Adjutant Gfneni. C. 5. A..
■Waahlny:an, D. C. : Fuii7 aspr>?<?!atin? honor
conf»rr»ii by appointment major Forty-fotirth.
my heaJti ami Drtvat* iatar»st3 ccanel m?
declination. F % .--»t CsHSamim aK^r aasHr-otit
returns t.j National GiiaM asii will at ail
times "•3ncntl Bar needed swrvlcw.
VICTOR D. D CHOCS, Colanel.
The r^ceipt^» tor the medal 3to be riven
the California ------
ou* to the camps yesterday. They will
te distributed to the . men to-cnorrnw.
There Ls a space ... man's name and
for his company or battery and regiment
or battalion. These must be filled out by
the men wttfi Che exception of the blank
*"or the medal cumber, and they must be
[n readiness to be turned over to the
committee when the medals are issued.
The number of the medui will then, be
filled in by the committee and the receipt
will be held as a record.
T v e medals to Colonel Dxibcce. Major
Rice and field and sta3T ofitcers -will be
presented by Frank llattesoru -rrand pres
ides of the Native sons. Then the com
panies will be called ap one by one and
the Native Daughters will pin the medals
en the blouses of the soldiers. The cere
mony will ' probably take place oa the
inner parade ;rround. ■'
The South Dakota resrment paraded in
hoacr of Governor Lee yesterday after
noon. The men made a very Cne show
ins and w*re hiarhly complimented oy tne
Governor ft was their last military ap
pearance, for tneir arms will be ?iven. up
for leave to withdraw the
charges he made against three of his su
pertor afflcers has beer, made by Colonel
Fraat. the offe&iin? oiScers having writ
ten apologies for the statements tney
made Permission to withdraw must be
x-ant'ed by General Shafter. and while he
has granted none as yet he says the mat
ter has ended. .
The ilinnesota men were tne gues^ or
CAPTAIN FRANK W. HUNT
the California men at lunch yesterday. It
was an informal affair, each company of
the First taking that company of "the
Minnesocan.-s with the correapondinjr tet
ter. Next Tuesday C ami G oj the "First
will have C and G of Minnesota at their
armory on Ellis street, and Company B
of the First, the old Cltj Guard, is plan
nipjr a pleasant -ivtalnz supper far B at
Minnesota.
Saturday 3fifi horses will be shipped to
Manila, on the Aztec, and iloruiav 250
more will go on the Centennial. To-day
21H) aaui.es will reach the Presidio from the
-ELa-*t
The work of anranlzin-r the battalion of
the Fortieth Infantry, to be formed her-,
is proceeiiing- very slowly. T^sterday ttfty
three recruits were assigned to it. all that
the oiScers have so far been abte to
gather together.
The Belsrian Xinsr will bring- away thirty
recralts, the SherLda- 400. the Sherman
40D and the Grant WO. All these have
been assigned to the various regiment at
the Philippines.
The assigned recruits to leave an the
Grant will be formed into a three-oom
pany oattalicn under these olSoers- First
Lieutenant John O'Shea.. Fourth Caral-y
Second Lieutenant F. T. 3fc2fcumey Thir
gr-atrm Infantry, and Second Lieutenant
T. F. P»»:i. Thirty-seventh 'lnfantry
First Lieutenant Oscar D. Weed "fwen
ty-seventh Infantry, has been assigned to
duty is 'juartermasT-.^r >.-•> C!ir.s:-=ar. r of
the transport G. W. Elder. Second LfetE
tenani G. C. Shaw. Twenty-seventh IruTa-v
--try. has been simiiarty asa;^ied to tEa
Sikh, and Birst Lieut-nant" Georee B.
B-odney-. Twenty-seventh Infantry has
the same berth on the Tacoma.
The foiicwinjr female nurses will lean?
on the hospital ship Relief for Manila
when she leaves this week- Su^a^ H
Barnes. Kathertne Conncr3. Heiene It"
Gottschalk. Louise F. Heni^. Heiena E.
Jones, Marie E. Moore, Annie A. Robbins
Insrebor? Stokke. Victoria TuWs, Barbara
Weidmar.n. Mary A. Welsh Minnie V
Winslow. Ellen L. White. Elizabeth k"
Tut. J. E. Otircan. H. E. Sisrsfcee Marad
Moshier. E. R. PortiouTs. Hannah M N"i,-h
--off. Carolyn Foote and Annie M. McGee
Miss ESe Lane and Miss Pfeife- of the
general hospital at the Freaidio have been
permanently attacked to the Relief
Second Lieutenant Eli L. Admire". Twen
ty-seconc Infantry, has ben a3s^«nied to
duty at the Presidio pending- assi^nznec:
to Manila.
The Ori'ii.-r-j Littfc L:u -ijn » Co. o# San
■
■
DR. ZAHAIA IN CONTEMPT
Fined by Judge Ccok for Failure to
Obey Summ : - i
'--:-■ J. A. Zabala. autopsy
surz-jon at the Jtorg will obey sum
mons of court. He had been spßpenaoi td
appear Tuesday as a witness tn the case
of Georg-e Tmworthy. charged with the
murder of John Landsman. He did cot
appear, and yesterday morning an at
tachment was issuad for hia arrsst. He
arrived in court at II o'clock, whereupon
the court asked the reason for hi* deiav
He MM that he had a patient to attewL
J-Jd^sCock inquired whether or not ir wa li
a case of life or death, and on be'"?
answered In the negative, pmrnptly adt
Judged the physician enttty of contempt
of court and fined him CO. a certiiW
copy of the order was sent to the Audi
tor and Treasurer, and n«t month D-
Za.ca.ia. will jet fa!a salary, minus KO
A reputation
to maintain.
The use of good
hops, good malt, by
skillful brewers has
given
_ icidiiy^
Exlra Pak
a reputation for good
beer — one its users
will maintain.
Your grocer or -condone W-st 144.
California Eotrliaa 1 Co. t
1407- ;r z~idy at.
LOTTEBY DBA WING.
OFFICIAL-DRAWING
—OF THS—
Honduras National lottery Co,
LGUISUHA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT aifun FOH-I
Single dumber. Clam* "I.* Drawn mt
, Puerto Cortex, riondu -a*. C. A., on Satur-
I day. September 9. 1.999.
Tse Hcnilaraa National Lottery liaa ao dally
drains- aatt la aat canaecteil wlti -uit daily
: drawias.
: I No. Prize. !N"o. Prise. iXa. Prize.
147 IS: 253 :•>: 237 129
■ 3M3 16! M 1 lfl| 456 •■ • ■
434 ... IS; 5»6 IDOO
702 24i — BO 337 W
336 16- 343 TV 1U23 MM
~\ 1313 4tr 1534 16i 18a2 -'
-i 1737 18, 1754 IS! 1307 ..us
1 1313 2* U»5B .- DS2 .. 15
• 2323. 1«: 2343 40' 2433 •• 16
• ... ....»„ IS: 2532 :t ; 25n8 ■
I 2814. .„..„. 16! 2733.. 40j '&S2. 16
! 3163.. ..^^ ... 15.3347 ... IS
. 3430 „.. HO! 3Sli3 2t; 4045 . . . IS
. 4130 24,4230 1614243 .. 16
. ; 4251....^... a oh ISi 4361 ..40
! I fIM .... 13; 4434 18. 4501 .16
, [ 4ii27 .- 4843 40i 5009 24
I SUS3 24, 5164. 40j 5174 IS
, i 5223 4iJI 3236 24 3331 ... 24
I 537S 24: 5331 24; 5573 ■- 16
5655 IS! 5654 4ili J735 24
! 57K2 4ui 5375 40. 6013 W
' j *121 (jOi 8161 161 6172 16
j 8337 ... 24 6287 16 a 413 18
: ! SSJB 24. SJ36 40i 7103... ..id
' ! 7152 16; 72U3 IS; 7203 21
- 7300 „ SO; 7:!7S 16,7334 ... 40
' 7424........ 16 7432 24: 7563 40
!l StibT Iffi 8078 Wi «23 M
5142 24; sea 16i 8333 1*
$315 24, 5402 24, S4£ll IS
1 Bfi29 40. 5547 40' 5571 SO
j 8«00 ... - ■■::. . 4'}
j 5637 15. 3733 80; S7S3 .40
5853... 24, 3357 40' 3106 21
! 3132 S0 ; SHSB ♦ 50|9201.. 2000
j 3234 ISI 2316 40: 9353 21
9448 24 3472 16) 3537. 4<l
I 3554 24 oi 4U. SS»3 It!
i 3'J5O *JI
S 10026 24:10178 24:10242 40
I U1322 50'1!)427 24 10432 I«
k HEM ~ VX) 10740 40!1u7i4 40
I 10!!40 16 11067 40 11152 129
i U163 40011131 24.11257 16
U3sb IS U3KI :i.U4yS 16
UJ43 40.11610 Will72!T ..16
11714 2411738 80132363 24
11U03 24;E899 24,12043 40
j H217 W12408 16;i2417 30
■ 12,73 .• -' :■ 24 12554 IS
12731 8.12368 24 x 3316 24
f 13523 IS USZ2 4U 13751 18
' TJJH7 Io.^SM *i.13a00 In
i HosfJ 4UU 1 1+149 24.14223. ll)
: 14~J3 ... 40 14512 IS
1 14.541 18:14370 40.14J0.-* 24
! 14U34 120-15012 16: 1313S . IS
j 151j4 IS 152.3 2415337 2i
j 15405 16115+30 40 1562S 24
j 15711 40115957 t2D|lBO6O 24
■14231 16 18333 SO'I6RII 40
■ 14713 16,!>ai4 .- ISSIS.. 21
! 16817 IS-KU23 SUHTUS «
j 17173 40,17253 16,17270.. 21
! 17458 24*7W)5 4«117853 18
T7734 S'M77:)9 40;17567 4li
• 17,22 - 1'i.17327 24-13065 .41)
I isojj.i 24 '1»W2 4»!1i099 -•
! ISiaS 16:i5322 IS !53«3 24
I 13441 4«1r5ti70 40 13701 IS
! IS7S7 24,18355 18,13019 80
j 0211 24 1:.'6»7... 16,l*iS0 .. vi
• H«93 40H5822 12'J!
SKjOtf 24 2!)OH.S 2420133,.. 40
' 20W3 ... _ 21,20255 24
25351 48i2Q35a 16 20*63 21
211.-34 40130515 1!>:21i657 IS
"ii<iS2 4012U687 -• 20750 LJ
2(1814 M!2DS43 16:2!i579 #)
►21053 Sn,2i;7S 1*21233 16
:213J« 24 21»55 lfii2o«Jl IS
I 21U02 IS 2028 120122378 *J
' 221i9 1522310 24.22458 8U
I 22*28 4H-22472 16.22iti0 16
.122474 M.22K40 16:227::2... IS
-[22753 18.225JW 1823n38 40
; 23222 16 : 2X;63. 40 . '-.. 24
; ! 234. r .2 24 22T.40 IS:2^S24 18
' 24T73-. ;o,of!fi'2il!3 16.24249 24
24341 J«588 16 24337 16
. 24573 24 ....... 24:24695 18
2V7H7 XAiZ&TI 18 24321 80
'. 243U5 SO 25101 40.2TiU)8 80
2C^Z 24 2."i"flfl *1 :255K3 W
2C715... 40 25793 40.2."»!61... 16
I ; 259(j7 lS:2rj)l 24,25130 15
■i 26358 162S5PS 40-2«:.15 16
28HBS Hs;2Sr.t 24 aaai a
■27005 16:27027 24 27T15 IS
rri3S 4<H2713S ■ ■ 173 • 16
; 27275 .. ST33B 18527332 18
;' 27421 1ii:27W9.-...™ 40i27452 . IS
27.-,nS 24:27W2 4U!27SO* IS
• ' 27577 ♦ i«: 27325 24 25248 24
'• 2S:ii« 24 25402 W2.S4tiB.. .13
' 2Sti7<i 24 25755 IS-2S7DS 10
. 1nJ172 40125137 40123123 M
2!»iiiO H:2321S 18 23272 40
23338 2! -:--i 30 : 25433 18
21Hrt0 16'23i;21 24 23613 18
29621 16 29753 1623*72 IS
2a«K22 SO!
, 301:113 18*30087 4Oi2!mS 24
30151 24 .Wl'.>3 24 30450 21
[■3C823 163f'505 H 30827 21
30*43 24 3092S g: 30973 40
31'Hiti 24 31115 24.31324 21
'■ 31445 163152S 18:31375 24
31653 :•:.:• 40 32971 16
. ' 32231 24 32222 16 32247 40
■ 22240 40 !
'f 12331 24 32334 .... 43 32336 21
i 32430 1532539 4032553 40
'132938 24 BSM 40 33228 40
, 32253 24 33367 M 33500 „ SO
, 33823 80133314 :^,33n54 15
; 34118 1634158 ... 24
(34231 40 34350 401344"! . . 120
• 34484 163443(1.. 5034.'ii5... Vi
,34573 IS-34625 24 34707 .. IS
34'J44 mm 1«35029 18
' 35<>i4 -. 40 35153 40 35132 21
3^217 16.35231 W 3."24« 18
3E255 16 35343 18:35501 24
135845 401385H T\ RHM9 21
1 :-- * 2*3«721 SO 3irr?B ..is
■ 3K524-. 16 ■■-- 1637270 ... 40
■■ 37253 16,37461 40 375 D1 n
' 37552 • 24 37824 13,37738 24
: 37551 SO'37S7S 40:37888 40
3X040 M BOM 1535135 ... 24
' 35412... M 138484 24^4=8 40
38C3 8f1i3?676 40 38634 12U
357"0 40-3S7SS 243SSU 24
38818 1535951.. 4039135 24
, 3?;«9 24 33452 « 194711 18
: 33514 M ::•";.; 24 33797 120
\ 3SS2O 40 3'J>>6s W:33833 .... IS
:jnSH 18 33375 ISi
1 10089 18140127 '■ KIWI 18
I ... 16:40660 24411548 SO
j 4C837 40.41032 1n'41213 IB
j 41225 40i4136n 24!4143S .. 24
\ 4i(i<!o 16>41530 16:41323 18
j . .-. 18.41996 8U 142105 ... 16
I 42CS W.'4245"4 4rh42622 *)
! 42H72 Iff 427 t »7 M.42525 ... 24
j 42539 18 42M0 24*3137 21
: 43144 m 43T73 1fi:43560 lii
' 43fin>i 2*i43636 1543713 IS
'■ 4.TJ33 : 40.43351 24 44013 . . IS
I<44JJZ* •-. 24:44302 181443T.1 a
! ... ■ W144J35 16:44558 18
14461)1 24 ■--■ 24 44770 SO
j 44.5<)7 16 430X3 18 45109 IS
j 45157 40(45209 15:43252 a
! 4-337 8014T341 45382 .24
i 4=3lU 2445528 24 16527 IS
! J5nP" ... 16:4r;?25 40i45523 W
i 4.-KR7 40^45863 15:4.*594 IS
! 4532 a 14 46032 1S;481O3 - IS
! 45155.. E3»!4«32S 1846471 . IS
\ 46H4fi... 16U61T42 80!46«al .. 16
! 4R7T12 •■"■♦ W4879S IS
; 4«37i5 24 47038 1547n33 .18
i 47159 16:471i)3 18:47457 24
; 473X1 2*4774!? 18:47788 40
: 47F0 ... 16 MOM 16:48247 .24
! 4ST 1 16:48347 18484H7 .40
4S4',j 13145517 ... 40
'48543 .. Iff ; 4B«S4 M 4SRS4 SO
' 45H33 244U522... 4<l'4:H>6l 16
! 4^>645 .... 24143653 18;43«59 .18
! 4 ?533 . 2? 43533 16:43fi59 24
! 43971 401
i 50043 40i50380 24;5CT9 ... W
; -04110 16 J 5f1417.. -• ~'i 40
i s(is3 2450. l i. ! r7 24.."066S ... 24
' 307"! -..- 4030804- ;*-3f)573 ... 18
PSQJI9*. W51025 405U13 40
I sn=T7 .... 2151323 IS 51350 +>
I 5i421" 2451501.. 80.51381.. „__ W
31333 18.'51343 155204+ mi
5"043 .-•- 5f1'n2075... 2452113 » 4ixi
5""\4 18 ."2421 15;52508 ¥)
K 2sio" - 16:52721 16in2S?3 15
3314" " .... 18:532?* 24 53357 18
53368... ISI.'iSIOS «3i53417 40
52*j«» - - -* 53523 40^53549 ... Ifl
! 53 fi34 2453668 .■ 53717 . 18
53753 „ 24;53536 16,.t35«3 ... IS
5400-" •> 01 540T4 18 34208 ... IS
lx«rn"" .. 2ti546u9... 18:54650 ... H
5477 a'"".... ■ 40!5487« 24a4327 ... 16
Urn" I 24;54087 i 489« IS
ST73- . 120155420 — 120 55483 IS
£-<n" 1655557 )(0i.15563 ... 18
Egr? ... 80:52678 a
gSi- 80133773.. 15:5«734 18
ao.oo SO 1 53330 16 56123 ... 3+
?£p 2456247 1636255 IS
itfTSO I«isS3i3 2456370 - 30
?££ ... 16,58395. IS
£fij 18157079 2457C8.. IS
i~isz'". 16;iT7347 40.57424. *.l
S-OS" - 4G's7S2t> 18137337 „ IS
K-n™'*"' 24 58006 4058009 ... 21
58178" '".''.'■'. 1T58208 BISB2M 21
W?3l 80'5V1347 - 24,53535 »a
BBt^ '-WKWES 40155711 ...14
Sj- ( a' 2»:5H537 16:58873 „ IS
Ejpra"" .. 2*i5?958.. 24 :"9««1 2*
E9O6OC{. 18155073 2433227... «
ot-m- 24532*) 24153423 „. IS
SMST": *.. 16)59527 13 53550 ... Vi
,-: 18:5itoS4 XS
T)746"" .... 80.59709-. 16139736 „ 24
kq-r: ' .- ■ 59735 - 18:59753-... . Vi
ffIEIZII - 50i533T3 24:33974..... .40
SD'iSfil M ■'•-■ .. 24;^.
SOW) »W9 2160315 16
80527 U. 24 60587 24,90«3Q ... .... IS
«Mfi«* - ■'•*■ 16:60772 ... IS
; >.-■■ ■ -Mm SO 61049 IS
K2BS :■■..:.: ISiSI32I 24
fiCTI 16,61513 18:91573 — 24
G2096 42134 80i52214 _. 24
•52330. ...... 18182347 .... '-> 98808 ... IS
SM4S CtiGSßa ..... 40;«730 2i
LOTTEBY DRAWING.
5; p-s»- v- Prize. : 57. Prine.
C7U I«,HZMS « R2353 J*
— «-. BOIS3I-W ««3ri3 Zl
■c?. IS-CfiK IS >8715 : .
*C7!?3 IiSfiSCS 1*5341 16
S*'"* 50fi41«4... 18rt4133 18
i'*-0S SO U4473 .... «
«<»ns «i«4«77 .. c. -' 24
■ "- «'i£3Z3 SOSS23 . 40
"55373 16;«3SO lli SS4BO . 40
<Ka4Z 40 53551 it 55713 . IS
-!:,.■: Ifi<Cls.l !«
*«U4 I9*v=o :*«C3! SO
56734 :».56773 It HSiZiZ 2*
WS34 WSTDs:.. BOUTIN W
5713 16 (57155 24 S7SS M
•^l* :i«738 IS 574T.4 12)
S77C Bfl 57538 IS >>734,S .■
K'-'wi ■- rrrMo h -if.- • i*
■ua soisisr: istissaa •-;
«S++* 1«!58539 ISSSfi^l 2t
•iSCS 24 (PCS 24 h"SS6S IS
«9*» ifi.a-twr. sa-«>ins is
9'WS SO *;« 40:iCC: M
63^73... 80 i534«3 SO «)47! 2*
BX"S M «HCT. ISTjiT« 1"
53T39 2459714 15.«73 l«
24<n747 40SUSU SS
19893 4U.*D!!94 24:
70060 — ;t:rniM .an
70200 WiTJETt 4" "0^73 2V
73451 IS 701C7 IS 70*52 2*
70735 40'7n7<i3 13,70*13 24
'■—" :■ ri2« "a 71273 40
71334 80J7ES2 li>;7"J2l SO
71843.... 120'TISSI 40'72f)58 IS
72038 Ifl r;i>K 40'7:Hi5 IS
~Z~33 «)!727W 40 72^0........ »4
72544 IB 7363 18T3950 M
72397 24 7.!C44 18:73118 IS
73139 ISTHTIS 40i73«5 1*
73483 W73724 30:73725 4U
730»2 24:74009 15;7442S 24
74fiaa W:74,Sfi3 18;748R4 18
T4S3« I«;73i121 24 73105 40
~IS3 15:~257 18J75443 It?
73542 IS 73532 24173713 13
75735 SO 73739 24 73*13 2»
TI500» 24 71090 Mu^iH 21
7SH2S ... lf'7Sfi:W M
75720 3f1!7()757 I(TT<»I4 13
75575 SO, 75373 40i7mH^ 44>
7S3'i4 40t77054 2*77152 4»>
77232 24 ... . W 77751 21
77735 IiiITTSIS 15:77533 *)
77W3 16 77322 24 -■ ._. 24
TSffil 16 75154 41)'7^13S IS
7324$ Soi7S2sfl 1«:75427 W
75453 Sfi'7S7rffl 401737^7 24
SOI 1^732)3 ... W
73373 400473 ifi.T&tfS 40
7?n34 « rstz • ISi 73674 K0
7375« 16 73771 Ui73851 24
7*?Rn3 4073931 40173343 24
-... Ml - 24 :
90284 24.50353 14 50583 W
W. 50839 IS '0«44 V)
311S0 16:31213 H. 81353 18
31403 24 Slsn7 16;i1746 ..... :-
,'I7SS ISSI33S 24.U90J 120
Sl.'4S «(St36S 80(81383 *.»
Sl'.)»7 SfliS2olo. IS SZ'Kli IS
SlOiiS 2* 52075 24 S2IS3 16
527.34 4i}iS23jB 11 *2«16 40
S;4-;ff , ; 40J8Z52S Iff!B2fin 1«
525K2 24SZT16 40|82553 24
?2SW 40;52315 13^3043 40
BZ3S ... 40:33346 - 18
>:a«0 24 S3UI 24*3+43 18
ISJB3S3B IffiB373J 16
53.-;S0 M 53877 ISS3SS 24
83313 24 S4OIR -' • 54105 W
34134 Sfl S4IS7 24 54274 W
i«S3 .. .'■■- ..... IS
IMI WiS4s2fl 24 5415J2 IS
54702 - 2454738 2,4 MM'IH 24
5.7130 - 40:S51St H-ttISS 40
£3223 iraSS23 80185384^. Iti
*-,nza 40""tf71 1HU5724 2+
?03H5 ZtiSSSa 40 iMS 6 1«
3fioi3 SfISOT-n: *l 5«139 1*
«(ir<r» 24^6171 120 56117 40
SfiiTT 15:51T354 2+ *6C94 W
S64M IS;.*US7 ltf.Sfi:fil 18
strrr* iatsfinsr. cniSSTss w
S«S2S Iffig6sC~l It! S7o<*3 40
57233 W iTHIS 10;57343 16
rr4tT! . Sfl:f74B'.> 16 ' 87510 40
.;~3 .■ ":• •t'STHX. IS
iTTti... 15:88045 24 SS<l74 16
,SS^9 30!55~..'8 40.8540 a IT
SS4Z3 ... :. is«fiH 16
58743 16 53«47 IS S?107 4U
<j?.U2 18 "9131 4*39381 IS
ViSZi . 4093550 24 53353 I«
£J*lS ffiiaSSlS *"< «<C3 id
53747 IS 53572 16!
j(Ksa soft*! :wr-«2 24 ymsz 4>i
S6OSS 40:90140 13K90145 IS
"0314 . .. 15i20450 lff-90480 .. 4"
3H515 EBISOS44 50!9053 4i)
"072.S ». 40'9^1753 15.20543. 18
31143 MjatJSa 2*91507 IG
9UnO WifllTU 40-SI3W W
3C»r.> 24 31i'99 24 ■ - i2!i57 .- 24
32:«0 4fj2T2t 40 92323 15
<>2328 16 :!24«1 .- :;2.".54 40
12357 24 923?4 13 12*4 X
S2BU In 92^22 1ffv83125 •■
aj:2 + 1fi«>32?.3 24 032.56 2i
9.T355.. 80 33403 IS M344.T !•"
93443 . 1593453 16 :*3'4ii 13
33373 16 9nS4T. nO33S:i2 13
ISirn 16;34173 itS,M2I2 15
04343 Wf34336 21 KZnft 18
34346 16;:?4442 SO 94512 16
(J47J2 1^»«722 In H4731 24
<147H "". ..'. 18,34734 16 S4OOS 16
3<«J 40fl-35"3!i 40 35122 l«
•KlfiO . .. SVJfCT* 50!»5431 24
55Sn«T IStTSTM 16 3r.3XS 16
3«;;a . . W.3SMB IS.Sffi'il. 24
MISI 40!»C43.. »1«25S 4<)
3t-3-J3 .■ 35538 lii ")«392 16
3«oio .■ mazo 40:97195. is
37223 24 17210 24 37254 40
■17353 1fi;97481 EM157328 24
971.T3 .. 4fl'373i>>l 24 37301.. 24
3757? W37'!nO 18 37552 24
38163 1535222 24 982« 14
<>5263 4WSIK34 24 35373 24
0^75 .... 40 9*«72 4<l
o S s*4 409 9107 Iff 39173 21
59253 24 99512 23 3W*a IS
3974T 24;9987X 24 39536 13
APPROXIMATION - - --;
WO -.-■•■• frarn 24023 tr> 24^3 Inclusive,
betni? 50 numbers on each side cf the num-
ber dra'arini? the capital cr.ze at CO. 0(10, s--
- ICO -.--■■■- 30f103 to 90103 inclustife.
beinx 50 numbers on each side of the num-
ber dra-tfinir the capital prize at COCO. $24.
1(10 -.-..-= .-..-•- to 1073 inclusive, feeing
30 -.-•■■■ on each stde if the number dra-w-
-tns the capital pr.-e of J4OOO, JIS.
TEEStEtAXj PRIZ3S.
999 numbers ending with 73. etna tils t»g
last azures of -:-----;- the capital
prize of J3O.W. iZ.
399 numbers ending with 33. beinff the two
last Sirures of the mm drawing the capital
prce of SSOOO. 18.
The subscriber, bavin? supervised th« 3in?ie
number drawinir, class "I." Honduras National
Lottery Company, ... certides that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn frim the 100. 000 placed in the waeel
with the prises corresponding- to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cartes. Hon-
duras. C. A., this Saturday. September 3. 1539.
(Signed.) W. S. CA3SLL.
CommiaaUiner.
So. .... . \o. 3W53. $3000: Net 1023.
S4PCO; No. 32f1. COflO: No. 48517, JI'VW: Nc. SSB.
liino- No. 3*309, tHW; No. 11163, $400; No. 27135,
$400; SuK 14G97. $400; Na. 52112. $4tW.
W. 5. CA3SLL.
FornitureiCarpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
a Complete Assortment of Latest. Designs ti
Carpets, Furniture, Staves, Etc
Estimates Given an Complete Ecus* Fumiahlnjj.
Liberal credit eit-nded to r-sponsible parties.
Inspection if ■Cod cordially tnvtted. Fr»«
:- — 1:1-: > i — — :i and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
?CCCESSOR
AHONSor mormjßS coMPA^rr,
335-340 POST ST.,
ESTVESS STOCKTON AM) Hill
Opposite L'aicc S<;uars.
T»lephcn# iUin 1350.
EYE-GLASSES
WITH THE NiW I.-
Photo Goods— Kodaks.
SCT3NTTFIC IjHIIBI m R9
Ocnliat3' prescrtptiana 2!led. Quick :a;mt
factory an premises. Pnone Jlain 13.
OPTICIANS S- TT*.^" 1 a?ca ' : ■
642 Market ot.
OOOOOOOOOGOOOOOOOO
%M PALACE *t"o
gC/?^/V O hotels o
SAM F»4«CI3CO. ]f
Connected by a. cav»r»d paaaajsiray. **
3 UQO Soonis— 9OO w h =aih Attached. ©
O All Under One 3ianaj«nient. O
O HOTS 733 pmxcas O
O Etxr3B<s*aPlaa.#l.o*) per day ami a-pwarri O
OAaiercaaP'K.f;!.*! per day and. npwanl _
Correspondence Scllcttad; O
C ;C2:f c U3I?i Z3.ZZZ. iw|«. O
0000000000 00 000000
f\ IPr Pirtlll I Corner Fonrta Ami
CAFt BWIILggI
Wlllki lIWI I I La sc. Crerco«t» md
JWWERfyjORTf
Wten. requested, the rssorta nien'rlaseci
tn tcla column will send voa etrcn&ua
jiving Clzil information regaiißug special
advantages, rates, manner of reacnu;?
th°in etc. When writing' plaa^e mectiGa
The CalL - '-^.
• ♦
• Take advantage ♦
q O"c the Rouaii-Tria q
♦ Tickets to ♦
o n
I Hotel del Coronado. \
c c
♦ Naw only ScO by steamer, in- '
* ciudirr-g T5 days' beard at hctei ; •»
* if •■:: $250 a day. •
° AppJ£;4 New Mcntgc mery st, °
0 San Franc o»
♦ T
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COCSTT: ONLT 4^ HDCRS
frt>m San Fra.ici»-« and bnt 3 miles' stai-
in?; waters noted for medicinal virtuas; best
natural bath ta State; s"SFtamin;r and boatinc:
irrand mountain scenery: »T7od tnut stnsams at
door; photoirripher I.*1 .* rocm. telephone, teie-
graph. mail 3-!(i aspr^ss: FIRST-«TLAS3
H*3TEL ANT- STAGE SEP. VICE: mnrcina: ar.d
aftsmoim sta?»s; nund trip from aan Pran-
ci*:o cniv $Ti 50, Take T'bur^n f^rry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:20 j. m. Terms. Vi. a <iav cr HI t
wwk. RetVrsriOHS, any iripst of tne past four
rears. Patr?na»?e crjnstantly bKreastng — last
year •anpreyedented. J. F. MT.'LGH-E"^V. Pnp.
...ETNA SPRINGS..
Hii you not ... tak: a
viziv.ar.? You will live longer
and b^ bealthfer.
Rates, ill ta IX4 per week. Hcund tria, $7.
Apply W. L. MITTK3LL. Aetna Sprags, >**;:i.
Caur.tr. or J H. SIMPSON. O«i<i Feilows"
building. S. F. Telephone. Mint L"CS.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, -: 1 "-
Up In t.^e — . . - l*ns -::-.-:
lakes cr-d In trja b«crt sf Ls'-rs
Ccu^ty's mlitnrM aalt. T=K.«
trclr. via U'-Ocij.
ROOD TPIP— «9-oO-
!. Iji">': tag - City 02m, 415 ?ins Mart
HIGHLAND SPRINGS.
T-r-r -„„- -^.^- Hunting. ICnerar 'Watifrs,
* Par-. and accrmmrdaKcns In Lais Coun-
ty can be had at Slsnland Seringa.
Fall terms. HO to C 2 per w-eit Ccrm<» wttfl*
tse ijiintina la s^jod. J. CHaIG. Manaysr.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Ciarain-j SgaS ta ?ts;i Tiia ioaasr.
BOATS E"HEK TO SCESTS: FTJTE: FTSH-
ina. Eireilent tab!*. Clean fced3 anil care-
ful attention to patrens. Climate perfect. S!3»
teen miles from Trucks", in the heart of til*
Sierras and aurrmxnded by magnificent tre»s at
an un broken foresc Tie ideal spit far families
because it is clean, no poison cai. no pests.
and uur» air and pnr» water. Aidr¥Sß M 3-5.
K. M CLEMOXS. Independence Laka.
Go -.. BYRON HOT SPRINGS.
The Hoc Mineral Baths will car? rour
Eheumatiam. Address A. 3c'L"i'K.VS. at
sennas, or call on LOM3AF-D & CO..
ajrwnts. nom 3(1. 2T-» Geary 3t.
BOCA HOTEL.
FES^ST HC^'i'UXS - A>~D FTSHTVG ON'THS
Truckee F-v»r; pieasant 3unny noca. znr.ti
boatinir on lake: boat* free ta ?uest3. prices
reasonable. Sg to $10 per w»»k: 3pe^iai rates for
families. W. J. McEO>"AU>, Manager.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
W^LL BE CONDUCTED IX A QTTET.
'' hemeiiici? manner. *»ith cne of the best
tables in the county: $10 to Jl2 per week. Rr;un.i
trip. J3 50. S. F. and N. P. f> Ckiaii: themrs by
sta?». Address J. WXLSCCt, 3ertha» Lais
County, CaL
LAUREL DEL
USE A_NT> HOTEL.
C- -
none better in Laka Co.: - indcors arut
out. K. WAiTBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPEDTGS.
TWO TP_VI>.'S D.ULT, 7.30 A. M. an: 4 P.
m.: 3ta?e 3ieet3 train at Napa City. AN-
DREW XACKSOK, Xa^a Soiia Springs p. O.
HOTEL SANTA. CE.ITZ. Santa. Cruz. Cal.
First-lass Family and Commercial HokL
This hotel is located on tie comer cf Lccusz
and Vl-e str»et3. cne blcck frcm the Court-
iause. P-ates. n M C per day. Special rates
ta families. CEASLES HSNTJSESON, 204
Mantgamery st.
...DO NOT...
He Without
"THE CALL"
Etarfag Yatir Yacatlcn.
Satrecr:ers :a T*.: Call" vising fi»
cccntry, seaside cr springs dara* tae :.-:-
mer ncntns can have "Tia Cair sent to then
for a week cr iangsr by prspayf-ig- fcr sasn
at ths- Business CGica :• by .•;:■ :~ .;:
earner.
-TERMS...
15 Cents pep Week
63 Cents „ per Moat.]
'OSNCC PREPAID.
B M S I^P Hi H t J
DR. BALL'S REDiTIfiOSATOS
SB§ : «gf3 Five hundreii -"-rari for .ir.y
W^^ case we cannot cure. This secrst
■ i . ~^p& remedy stops all losses la. 5*
S£ fe« hours, cures Emiasians. Ispo.
1 {trj *i«ilj tenry. Vatricocele. G»incrrho«ia.
Cga Gleet. Fits. Stricrar«s. Lost
Cvff Manhood anil all wasting effects
1 of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
nfiT C Bottle; 3 b.7ttles. C: guaranteed to
curs any case. Aidr-ss HALL/S MEDICAL tJT-
STTTtrTE, 553 BrauiwiT, Oakland. Cal. Alaa
fnr sale at VTTZ'-~ Market 3t.. S. F. All privat*
diseases quickly cured. Send far free bock.
_AiBSSS*-*»i*J remedy far Gonarr:ia«sT
V^^CC22i ""tra <. ;-^t. :?<:ai:or:i«.
E&&- ta ;v 5 ii^-^^B *:.■•«. aanrinl i:a-
i^r^^y ,;sar»caa=i g ; ."i:ar?"S. or 127 Eii.i-raa-
mKj out a juic^itt. bun. i*ri&vaaa or ;., .-».
Marafrm. don at mtcasj mesa-
JfTTl' s£v*K3ilHEil'rw. ' ■•• >'3n-*Kri^{eat
CT -. X s^£l or wn " '" '^^
1 ! S-00.. ar bach*, tin.
V dXCXUAf MBS *)A B^VUI^
(1 jj
56
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 14, 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Pro ____
Address Alt Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarK«t and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISBB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
DAILY CAT,I, (Including Sunday Call), one year fC.OO
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00 ;
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... I.CO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c '
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to recelv.- subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON H_L___ Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE*
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. Xows Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Aetorta Hotel; A. Brcntano, 31 Union Square •
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll— '-Othello."
Alcazar— "The Wages of Sin." i
Grand Opera-house — "Fatlnitza." '•
Chutes. Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
6utro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex
hibit.
BRYAN AND IMPERIALISM.
OF all public men in this country Bryan is the
least entitled to a hearing against imperialism.
When the Spanish war was being urged and
the President and nearly all others were absorbed
and anxious, wishing that honor and humane duty
only be consulted in its avoidance or precipitation,
Mr. Bryan advised his party in Congress to the ad
vocacy of measures that would bring war, "because
it would be good politics." Alter the war was on
and after it had been brought to such a speedy, satis
lactory and successful end, Mr. Bryan's principal
mouthpiece on this coast, Hon. J. Ham. Lewis of
Washington, lamented that its political benefit had
inured to the administration, saying. "We digged a
pit for our brother and have fallen into it ourselves."
In his speech in this city Mr. Bryan approached
the discussion of imperialism by saying: "I don':
want to argue this question upon the low conception
of dollars and cents. I want to declare that this na
tion cannot afford to sell its birthright for a mess of
pottage, no matter how valuable the pottage may be."
That is a very high-sounding expression: But there
is "ne conception lower than coin and pottage, and
that is the advocacy of a war because it would "be
good politic?." and in the expectation of merely par
tisan benefit. Money, in the sense of profits brought
to the country, will buy food and shelter, and we
beheve that pottage is something to eat. Battle and
•dshed for gain in coin may have such excuse,
though it is a poor one; but what is to be said for
war and woe. hard death on the field and harder life
under the weakness and burden of wounds, all for
tics, in the sense of gaining party ascendency, the
pleasures of power and the profits of office? That
was Mr. Bryan's conception in the crisis of 1898. It
was his idea when wise men. looking forward on the
line so far projected in history, were expressing
doubts whether our institutions would survive in their
strength a victorious foreign war. In that time of
trial, when the President was seeking to avert the
remote consequences of a war by honorably avoiding
its onset, Mr. Bryan was with those who were holding
the President up to popular contempt as too cowardly
to make war and too incompetent to carry it to vie
■
When the «econd crisis came in the ratification of
the treaty of Paris, and Republican Senators had de
termine! to amend that feature. Mr. Bryan again ap
peared on the scene and in writing and speech urged
the ratification of the treaty without amendment. His
influence upon Senators of his party secured enough
Democratic votes to ratify the purchase of the Philip
p-nes.
Nothing i- more common than the amendment of
treaties, even treaties of peace. The be^t Republican
sentiment of the country was against the purchase of
the Philippines and in favor of amendment. Mr.
Bryan urged the purchase of the Philippines and
opposed the reasonable and proper policy of amend
ment. Yet. in his speech he said: "I know we can
whip the Filipinos, because Spain was a much smaller
nation than ours and she had almost finished the
job, and she had only been at it 300 years. And then
she got twenty millions of dollars for an option on
the fight when she went out."
Again, he said: "The Declaration* of Independence
says that governments derive their just powers from
the consent of the governed. If that doctrine is true
then this nation cannot acquire title by purchasing
domination from an alien monarch whose rebellious
subjects we ourselves armed to fight against that
monarch."
But when he advocated the purchase of the Phil
ippines for twenty millions, last winter, and induced
his supporters in the Senate to support it, he knew
that the Paris treaty ceded to us Spain's sovereignty
there for the price paid. He knew that we had armed
the Filipinos; he knew all that he knows now. If the
treaty conveyed no title, why did he advocate it? If
lie is so devoted and awake now to the Declaration of
Independence, why was he so oblivious to it eight
months ago? Taking him at his word that we |
pjiid the money for an option on a fight and got no i
\alid title, why did he. an aspirant for the Presidency ■
and an assumed popular leader, advocate the paying
of that high price for an option on a war and for an ;
invalid title?
It is this record deliberately made by Mr. Bryan 1
that catises his rejection by the anti-imperialists to 1
whom he stood in opposition last winter. Had he ]
then come to the assistance of Senators Hoar and ]
Wellington and other Republicans who opposed the ]
Philippine purchase on the very ground he now occu- ;
pies, there would have been no purchase of the isl- <
ands, no conquest in action now. and no occasion for i
his acute change of front on that issue. Nothing that ]
he has done more exposes his rattle-headed incon- |
sistency, his lack of principle, his truffle-hunting in- 1
stinct for expediency, than his Janus-faced course on i
this issue. whic"h he now seeks to use for his selfish <
benefit and to gain the object of his raw ambition.
THE SITUATION IN FRANCE.
■""T^HE world never loses interest in a mystery, or !
H a semi-mystery, and about a national prisoner
I * condemned to solitary confinement in a frown-
Hing fortress or on a far island there is always mys- ;
■tery. The Man in the Iron Mask, the Prisoner of^
HChillon, Napoleon on St. Helena, and even the suc
■cessor to the Great Moguls, and Arabi Pasha isolated
lon islands in the Indian Ocean, excite and will con
■tinue to stimulate the imaginations of men and to
Hinspire prose and poetic literature.
I The worldwide interest in the case of Dreyfus has ,
Hts metaphysical origin in the secrecy of his first trial,
■the tragedy of his military humiliation and the pitiful
Incidents of the execution of his sentence by solitary
Mconfinement and non-intercourse with the world on j
HDevils Island. If he had been guillotined on his first j
Hronviction the world would have forgotten him. But j
It he press of many nations kept the solitary prisoner,
Mc'.esiccating on a torrid island under a vertical sun,
Hcontinually before the millions. So it came to pass
Hthat men and women, on their quiet pillows, around
Hthcir tables and firesides, at labor, recreation and wor-
Hship, found the appalling and pitiful figure of this
Hdoubtfully convicted and over-punished man more |
Hind more invading their thoughts and tugging at their ;
Hsympathies. Without going into the occult it may be ■
Htruthfully declared that when the minds of millions j
Mengage themselves with one thought it comes finally
Hto be concreted in some form of action, and to this ,
influence must be attributed the revision, the recall of |
Dreyfus, the retrial at Rennes and such universal at
tention to every detail as to make it the leading news
feature in the press of the world. The wish of mil
lions was transformed into their expectation. The
icquittal and vindication of the prisoner were expected. :
There was no effort made to establish in the minds
of men the difference between a court-martial and a
civil court, and so, everywhere, men are disappointed
by the absence at Rennes of the application of the
fixed rules of evidence under either the civil law and
Code Napoleon, operative in France, or the common
law of England.
It is true also that the court-martial at Rennes ad
mitted a class of evidence that would be inadmissible ;
under the articles of war of England and the United
States. These incidents, taken in connection with the
confessed forg^eVy of incriminating documents used on i
tht. first trial, the dramatic suicide of Colonel Henry,
the attempt to assassinate Labori and the violent effu
sion of the hatreds of race and religion, have com
bir-ed to intensify the feeling of the world for the
prisoner and against his judges.
Some things, however, must not be forgotten. The
Government of Loubet has not been unfriendly to i
Dreyfus. France has been so long in pursuit of glory
on the military road that the army is singularly
seated in the fancy of the people. In the cafes and
the crowds on the boulevards the name of Bonaparte
conjures more powerfully than any other, because it
is identified with military glory transcending that of
Alexander or Caesar. France would to-morrow rush
to the standard of his peer as a commander and a
conqueror, eyes shut to the consequences in the form
af her civil government.
Therefore. Loubet must move in the shadow of this
sentiment in France. The worldwide impulse, which
we have attempted to describe, must be made mind
ful of its own cause and of its own wish. Its motive
i> to benefit in some way the solitary prisoner of
Devils Island. Let those whom that impulse domi
nates consider wisely their purpose. It should be to
nake easy of execution every friendly and humane in
tention of the President of France. Passionate de
nunciation, and above all the proposition to boycott
the Paris Exposition of 1900, only make it harder to
do justice to Dreyfus. It is highly probable that
should Loubet attempt it to the limit of his authority
a revolution would result which would involve Drey
fus and his friends and republican institutions in a
:ommon carnage. Such a result in France would not
urther the ends of justice nor in any way benefit man
viml. We know by certain experiences in this coun
try that a suspicion of foreign interference in our
liTairs is far more likely to confirm even our steady
going people in the wrong than to turn them to the
right. This is much more the case with the French
jeople. The court at Rennes did for France what no
nation can afford to have done for it. It forfeited the
respect of the world. But the world must not inflict
further injury by exhibiting the same order of un
thinking passion which it has hastened to condemn.
Rather should the attitude of the nations now,
toward France, be expressive of confidence in her
national conscience and in her capacity to do justice
to the weakest and most forlorn, and to bravely cor
rect mistakes and right wrongs.
In fine, the world owes to France a duty which
erithet and invective do not express. The nations
should go to Paris in 1900 in the spirit of good neigh
bors to one needful of instruction by example, that
her people may see that the wreaking of race hatreds
and religious animosities is not the path to a high
place in history or the respect of the generations to
come. Especially does this republic owe this form
of duty to her younger sister in the family of the free.
Delegates to the Democratic municipal convention
are trying to discover for what earthly purpose they
have been elected. Their best friends wouldn't trifle
so far with the fatts as to call them ornaments, and
their utility has not yet been discerned.
Every time Sammy Braunhart opens his yawp he
puts his foot in it. And that's no joke, when you
come to consider that Sammy has a No. 6 head and
a 4-1 1-44 foot.
THE STATE FAIR.
rROM the patronage thus far given to the State
Fair the conclusion may be drawn that the re
sults on the whole will amply repay the directors
for their work in making it generally attractive and
will encourage them and their successors to further
efforts in the future.
The gate receipts show a handsome increase over
those of the previous year. According to the reports
the receipts for the first week at the park amounted
to $5184 25, as against $3227 50 for 1898. The receipts
at the pavilion for the first week of the present fair
were $5672 75, as against $181.3 85 in 1898. The entire
receipts at the park for the two weeks in 1898
amounted to $9187 and the pavilion to $5408 85.
Much of the increased attendance is of course due
tc the general improvement in the conditions of the
people. We are having a season of abundant pros
perity, and all classes of workers have been more or
less benefited by it. They are better able to take a
holiday and make a trip to the fair than for some
years past. Nevertheless, the fact remains that if the
directors had not provided superior attractions at the
fair the holidays would have been spent at other
places. Justice therefore demands that due credit for
the large increase in the receipts be given to those
who have done so much to awaken popular interest
in the fair and to make it a comprehensive exposition
of the industries of the State.
The indirect benefits flowing from the fair are cer
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899.
tain to be many and important. Almost every obser
vant man who visits it will find some exhibit in his
line of industry which will stimulate him to stronger
efforts and at the same time inform him of better
methods of management and operation. In every
respect, therefore, the success of the fair is gratifying,
and it is to be hoped the patronage will continue to
increase in extent and liberality.
General Otis has been playing the game of war with
Aguinaldo for a long time without any decisive re
sult. Now that the American has decided to appoint
"Fighting Joe" Wheeler to an important cavalry com
mand it is probable that he will soon have a horse on
the enemy.
The exact dimensions of the Shamrock have at last
been made known. It is an even bet that there is not
an American able to talk who won't say that she will
look smaller after the race.
ONCE more the question in dispute between the
people and the tax-shirking express company
over the meaning of the war revenue law has
been heard in the courts, once more a decision has
been given in favor of the people, and once more the
corporation has shown its contempt of the court and
its disrespect of law by continuing to practice the old
extortion with all the old-time bravado.
The case just heard and decided by Judge Troutt
is notable because the express company presented a
new argument in defense of its extortion. The cor
poration lawyers contended that as the law did not
specifically state whether the company or the
consignor should bear the burden of the revenue law
as relates to the affixing of stamps to bills of lading or
other manifests, the matter should be left to the par
ties in interest, and the matter of affixing the stamp,
and its attendant expense, left to agreement reached
by argument or barter between the shipper and the
carrier.
Had that contention been sustained by the court
the tax-shirkers would have attained a complete vic
tory, for, as the express companies by their combi
nations with one another have a monopoly of the ex
press traffic of the country, it would have been easy
for them to compel the shipper to pay the tax. The
shipper, in fact, would have had no alternative. If he
declined to pay the tax, the company would either re
fuse to accept his shipment or would have charged
him so high a price as would have made the shipment
unprofitable.
Fortunately, the contention could not be sustained
in law. In the course of his decision Judge Troutt
said: "By schedule 'A' of the act it is declared that
it shall be the duty of the express company to issue
to the person from whom any goods are accepted for
transportation a bill of lading or other .memorandum
of receipt, and that there shall be duly attached to the
same a stamp of the value of one cent; and that any
failure to issue such memorandum shall subject the
company to a penalty of $50. This court has not
changed its opinion as expressed in writing in the
aforesaid Costley ca?c, but assuming, as defendant
claims, that the aforesaid act of Congress does not
declare whether the express company or the con
signor shall provide the aforesaid stamp, still I am j
satisfied that under sections 2169 and 2173 of our Civi
Code the defendant, as a common carrier, is obliger
to accept and transport goods under the circum
stances as they here appear. As the defendant upor
acceptance of the goods would be obliged under bot!
our statute and the aforesaid act to issue a memoran
dum of receipt, it follows that to avoid the commis
sion of a crime it would be obliged to attach the
stamp to the memorandum, even at its own cost, if th<
consignor refused to pay for it."
In all other cases arising under this clause of the
revenue law the express companies have managed tc
obtain delay by appeals taken to the United States
courts. It is believed that in the present case, how
ever, the appeal will go to the State Supreme Court,
and that further delay will be impossible. Of course
every day of delay is of advantage to the express com
panies, as it enables them to continue that much
longer the practice of tax-shirking and extortion.
There is one feature of the issue that is deserving
public attention. When a question was raised con
cerning the validity of the income tax the great cor
porations of the country were eager to get a prompt
decision so as to be relieved at once from paying the
tax. They got it. The courts made way for the test
case. It went from one to another with the rapidity
of a well -arranged programme through a disciplined
party convention. Within a few months it passed
through all the routine of law, reached the United
States Supreme Court and was promptly decided.
Very different has been the conduct of the United
States courts in dealing with the present issue. No
speed has been made in getting a decision on this
case. On the contrary, there has been delay after de
lay in every United States court, whether the ques
tion came up in California, in New York, in Illinois
or any other State. From this very delay the people
will draw the sure conclusion that the corporations
know they have not a good case. They know the
decision must be against them. They fight for delay,
and the courts grant it.
In the issue as now made up there are two things
for the people to do. First, let them make protest
whenever called upon to pay the stamp tax — let them
bring suits and multiply actions against the tax
shirkers; and, second, let them demand that Con
gress at the coming session revise the law, clear it of
all ambiguities and impose a heavier penalty upon the
shirkers. The extortionate corporations have gone
too far. It is now time to show them that law must
be respected and the decrees of the courts obeyed.
Kentucky authorities are greatly concerned over a
desperate renewal of factional and family feuds in the
State. The officers might not unwisely take the
philosophic view that an elimination of certain ele
ments of the population might be considered a dis
tinct advantage to the State. Let the factions fight
it out.
■» .
O. H. Sakurai and H. Matsui. two Japanese jour
nalists, are visiting this country to study our jour
nalistic methods. During their absence from Japan
it would be well for that country to prepare for the
worst. Sakurai and Matsui may fall into the hands of
the "yellow boys."
The misguided enthusiasts who are seeking con
stantly to inveigle the United States into unwarranted
interference in the domestic affairs of other nations
must think that America has been appointed by tht
Almighty to be a monitor of nations.
Berlin has an epidemic of typhoid fever. Paris has
an epidemic of paresis, which claims for its victims
only the high officials of that nation, which i| fast de
veloping into a "has been." Of the two evilfit would
seem that Paris has the greater.
In a trial run off Sandy Hook the cup challenger
hamrock broke her gaff. It will be strange if, be
fore the race with the Columbia is over, she does not
break her owner.
THE TAX-SHIRKERS AGAIN.
LARGEST CRAB IN THE WORLD.
Eleven-Foot Crab Compared With a Man.
THE largest crab In the world Is now on exhibition at Rutgers College
Museum, New Brunswick, X. J. It Is known as a Japanese spider crab and
measures eleven feet from tip to tip.
The crab was presented to the college by the late Robert H. Pruyn,
who was United States Consul to Japan. Its value was appreciated upon
Its discovery, but not until some time afterward did this peculiar thing begin to
receive any great amount of attention.
A short time ago W. A. Roebling. an alumnus of Rutgers College, offered to
defray the expenses of having the crab mounted. The offer was immediately
accepted and the giant shellfish turned over to the care of Mr. Roebling.
The shell of the crab containing the body measures 12x14 inches. The pinch
ers are armed with teeth that resemble human molars and the Jaws at the ends
of the tremendously long fangs or legs are six Inches long. The ten legs re
semble greatly bamboo fishing poles. They are five feet long and vary from three
to eight inches in circumference.
It is said that there are only five of this species of crab in existence. The
next largest is in Germany. That one is six feet from tip to tip. All of these
five crabs were secured in Japan or vicinity.
The crab is being daily viewed by people from all parts of the country.
FRAUD CHARGED
TO CAPITALIST
MARTIN CARTER
Accused of Withhold-
ing Properties.
Martin Carter, as executor of the will
of his deceased brother, Thomas Carter,
the millionaire carbuilder of Newark, has
been deposed by Judge Troutt and he now
rests under the stigma of being the per
petrator of a fraud against the estate of
the deceased. For the time being at least
he has lost his office as executor of his
dead brother's will, and unless on the 22d
inst. he can bring proof that he is wrong
fully accused letters testamentary held
by him will be revoked and the manage
ment of decedent's estate will pass into
other hands.
Yesterday morning Attorneys Stone &
Stone and Thomas D. Riordan appeared
before Judge Troutt and asked that the
power*; of Martin Carter, as executor of
deeendent's will, be suspended and that
a special administrator be appointed. In
support of the motion an affidavit was
lii>-d by William G. Black, making specific
charges of fraud again9t the executor.
After a brief hearing Judge Troutt
granted the motion, suspended the pow
ers of the executor and appointed 0. C.
Colton special administrator, fixing his
bonds at $25,0w.
In his affidavit Black alleges that on
January 5. IW9, Martin Carter, executor
of the will of the late Thomas Carter, re
turned an inver.torv and appraisement of
what purported to be all the properly be
longing to said estate, wherein the prop
erty of the estate was appraised at $11,
--646 01. This Inventory, he alleges, is not
a true inventory of all of the estate of
the deceased which has come to the
knowledge and in the possession of the
executor.
In the order made by Judge Troutt sus
pending the executor he says:
It appearing from the affidavit of William
G. Black that the Inventory and appraisement
was not a true inventory of all the property
that has come into the hands of the executor
and it appearing therefrom that Martin Carter
has concealed properties belonging to the
estate of the deceased.
And It further appearing therefrom that Bald
Martin Carter has in his possession and knowl
edge bonds, contracts and writings which con
tain certain evidences of and tend to disclose
the right, title and interest ami claim of ue
cedent to certain property which Martin Carter
failed and neglected to Include in the Inven
tory riled herein:
And it appearing that decedent and Martin
Carter were at the time of his death partners,
doing business under the name of Carter Bros.,
and that said Inventory contains no mention
of decedent's interest in said partnership:
And It appearing from said affidavit tha,t
decedent just prior to his death was seized
an.l possessed of valuable real estate in the
oountlea of Alameda, Santa Clara. Kern and
th.- city ami county of San Francisco, and that
Mil i Martin Carter is claiming title thereto,
adversely to said estate under <Wds from said
decedent dated a few days prior to his death,
which said d.^ds were not delivered t" said
Martin Carter, and which said renl estate was
n"t delivered to Bald Martin Carter Included
in said Inventory, n<>r was any part thereof.
Now, therefore, by reason of the ab?ve
charges, the court having reason to believe
that said Martin Carter has eommlttpfl a fraud
upon deopiient's estate and has n^pleoted to
perform his duty as executor in failing to re
turn in the Inventory property known by him
to belong to the estate of the deceased,
It is hereby ordered that the powers of said
Martin Carter as executor of th« will of the
late Thomas Carter are hereby suspended until
the further investigation by this court and
until the further order of this court.
It is further ordered that notice of such
suspension be given to said Martin Carter by
service upon him of a copy of this order and
that he bo cited to appear before this court
on the 22d day of f-eptcmher. ISffl. at the hour
nf 10 o'clock a. m.. then and there to appear
and show cause why the letters testamentary
heretofore Issued to him should not be revoked.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JT'PGE CAMITIELL— W. 0., rity. The
lato Judge Campbell. Police Judge of San
Francisco, died on the lGth of May, 1898.
THE SAN RAFAEL— W. J. R.. City.
The speed of the San Rafael Is given as
sixteen knots per hour.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH— R. L. E..
City. As yet no book on the Marconi
wireless telegraphing has been published,
but a great many articles thereon have
appeared in the current magazines and
iHTimlioiils. which can be seen at the Free
Public Library. A full account of The
Call's achievement in that line appeared
In The Call of September 3.
A STOCKHOLDER-S. S.. Wrights, Cat
This department has not been able to find
any California case which affects the
right of a stockholder in a suspended bank
to Bell all of his property while the affairs
of the bank are in liquidation. As a
stockholder is liable for the debts of the
concern, such a sale would undoubtedly
be looked upon as fraudulent, for the pur
pose of evading liability. Tfce position of
a purchaser under the circumstances
would depend if he was an Innocent pur
chaser or whether he knew of the fraud
practiced by the seller.
THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER— R.
8., East Oakland, Cal. The "Star
Spangled Banner" was written during the
bombardment of Fort McHenry, near
Baltimore, by the British during the war
of ]Sl2. by Francis Scott Key, a lawyer of
Frederick, Md., who had gone on board
of the British flagship to solicit the re
lease of a friend, who had been carried
on board a prisoner. The British, as they
were on the point of attacking Fort Mc-
Henry, detained Key, and he as well an
his friend and another American were
transferred to another vessel lying near.
They watched the tight and it wan during
the bombardment that Key was inspired
and wrote the words of the hymn.
BOERS AND ENGLISH— S. 8., City.
The trouble between the Poers and the
English is of long standing. Twice the
Boers moved on account of British en
croachments. First the Orange Free
State was founded to avoid the British
and the Transvaal republic. Since the dis
covery of gold in the Transvaal there has
been an Influx of English-speaking and
thinking miners, which reduces the Boers
to a minority, but these outsiders or Ult
landers, as they are called, cannot vote
nor can they become citizens until after
fourteen years' residence. The British
want to obtain the right to vote in the
Transvaal without giving up their British
citizenship, and it is chiefly over the sub
ject of double citizenship which the Brit
ish desire that there is trouble in the
Transvaal.
GOLDEN SHOWER
DESCENDS UPON
LUCKY WORKERS
Ship Carpenters Pile
Up Eagles.
Ship carpenters and joiners in this city
are having a season of high-earning ca
pacity that is reminiscent of the golden
days of '49. Those who are in a position
to know say that there are no ship car
penters out of work in the city to-day.
Not only is that the fact, but it is also
true that there is a demand for more.
But this will not draw in workmen from
the outside for the reason that the ex
traordinary demand, which has created
the present unprecedented condition, un
precedented at least in recent years, is
only temporary. The large fleet of Uni
ted States transports to be fitted out has
made the situation.
There are eighteen transports, on all of
which more or less carpenter work and
joining must be done in haste, for the
reason that the entire fleet must sail
within a period of eighteen days. The
fleet is composed of the following named
vessels: Belgian King, Aztec, Relief,
Grant, Centennial, Tacoma, George W.
Elder. Sikh. Sherman, City of Rio Janeiro.
Sherician, Glenogle. Valencia, Charles
Xflson, Zealandia, Hancock, L,ennon and
Victoria. Ten of these vessels must be
fitted entirely for transports and on the
others there is more or less work to do.
When a vessel is taken on as a trans
port she has to be refitted, and this was
th»> condition of ten of the foregoing list
that have been chartered for the Philip
pine transportation service. There are
between 300 and 400 carpenters and join
ers at work on the transports. Probably
there are none who are not working over
time. The reason is plain. For every
hour of overtime the worker gets $1. The
regular price for a day's work of eight
hours is $4. The carpenter who' works
sixteen hours a day gets $12. No one is
discouraged in making time. The longer
he will work the better he suits all con
cerned, for the greatest speed Is needed
to push the work to completion. As a
consequence there are many carpenters
who are earning from $r>o to $60 per week.
Some experts have earned as high as
$100. Contractor Whalen says that he has
paid expert carpenters recently as high
as $100 per week. This sort of news has
spread among the joiners of the city.
Builders complain that many of their
best men have been taken away from
them to work on the United States trans
ports, ar.d they will have to wait to
complete some of their jobs until the
rush is over. In the golden days of Cali
fornia it was not unusual for a skilled
man with tools to make $100 per week,
but that has probably not been the case
at any other period in the history of the
State.
"I have taken on all the ship carpenters
and joiners that I could get, said Con
tractor Whalen yesterday afternoon.
"All the ship carpenters in the city
who arc not working on the
transports are employed upon the regular
steamship lines' vessels."
One result of this activity upon the
transports is evident upon Bast street,
which is now about the busiest thorough
fare in the city with the exception of
Market street. The carpenters are look
ing forward to a continued season of
trosperity, as there are repairs to be
made on all the transports wnen they re
turn fiom the Philippines.
Conductor Stawpert Killed.
John S. Stawpert, the streetcar con-
-SUNDAY'S CALL 51 ":]
WHAT TWO CALIFORNIA WOMEN HAVE
DONE FOR EDUCATION.
The Ten Prize Babies of the Mechanics' Institute
Baby Show.
HOW NEW YORK WILL WELCOME DEWEY.
"~ • : ! _
1
Will the Chinese Control Politics SAN FRANCISCO
in San Francisco? BELLES
Read what politicians say about > , OF LONG AGO.
. Or LONG AGO.
What the Interior of the World'^ of ££ «££*
_ « "uiiu » 0 { old-time photographs
Biggest Beet-Sugar Refinery ever printed in a San
Looks Like. Francisco daily.
A WOMAN'S THRILLING ADVENTURE IN
THE YOSEMITE.
Most Exciting Chapters from Stephen Crane's Story,
• "Active Service/
THE FUNNIEST BEAR STORY OF THE YEAR.
All BIG FEATURE STORIES IN NEXT
••'•^ LL SUNDAY'S CALL
ductor who was Injured last Tuesday
night by falling- from a Sacramento-street
car. died at the Southern Pacific Hospital
at 2:30 o'clock yesterday morning. His
skull was fractured. An inquest will be
held.
JUSTICES' CLERKS SAFE.
Decision in the Fee Bill Case Will Not
Affect Their Places.
Chief Clerk Ed Williams of the Jus
tice Court denleß the published state
ment that the clerical force in his office
will bo reduced on account of the recent
(loclcion of the Supreme Court cutting
down the fees which it has been cus
tomary to chargp in civil suits.
"Tho cutting down of fees." said Mr.
Williams yesterday, "does not lessen the
work of the office. The clerks' salaries
nro not paid out of the feeß collected, but
from the appropriation by the Super
visors. Tho feef that have been cut off
by tho decision nro thoso for writs of at
taohmo.nt and affidavits, for which 25
cents each is ohargod, and which amount
to less than $200 a month.
"We have in the past interpreted the
fee bill for the benefit of the city. If the
Teen had not been collected and the de
cision had been different I would have
been held responsible. No clerk will be
dismissed nnd only the revenue will be
diminished."
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Rev. C. 8. Linsley of Sonora Is at tha
Occidental.
Dr. Edward G. Parker, U. 8. N., is stay
ins at the Occidental.
Dr. B. R. Wend. U. 8. N., is on© of the
late arrivals at the Palace.
Jesse D. Carr, the Salinas capitalist,
is a truest at the Occidental.
A. D. Cults, one of the big merchants
of Marysville, is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrß. Marion DeVries are
among the arrivals at the Palace.
8. C. Cornell, one of the leading attor
neys of Merced, is registered at the Lick.
Dr. H. L. Pace, one of the leading phy
sicians of Tulare, !s a guest at the Palace.
TV. H. Tibbals. a capitalist of Tulare, is
at the Russ, accompanied by his family.
L. W. Burris, the Santa Rosa banker, Is
one of the recent arrivals at the Califor
nia.
Robert G. Barton, manager of the Fres
no Opera House, is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
Dr. C. L. McGowan has come down
from Sacramento and has taken rooms at
the Grand.
John R. Philips of Jackson is in the
city on a short vacation. He la staying
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Norris of San
Jose ore at the Grand, where they ar
rived last evening.
E. S Churchill, a wealthy capitalist of
Napa, le at the Palace on a short pleas
ure trip to the city.
John T. Cameron, a wealthy mining
man c.f Nevada, is registered at the Lick
for a short stay in the city.
A. C. Pratt, a well-known resident of
San Bernardino, is among the arrivals of
yesterday at the Occidental.
Alex McCone, one of the big politicians
of Nevada, is registered at the Occidental
from his home In Virginia City.
O. R. Runyon, a wealthy rancher of
Courtland, is staying at the Lick, while
on a visit of pleasure to the city.
Lieutenant W. D. Brotherton of the
United States steamship Marblehead is
one of the naval arrivals at the Occiden
tal.
H. Wittenberg, one of the best-known
and most prominent business men of
Portland, Or., is at the Grand, where he
arrived yesterday morning.
Among the distinguished strangers who
arrived In the city yesterday is Herbert
W. Pentland, City Treasurer of Prescott,
Arizona. Mr. Pentland is on pleasure
bent and, no doubt, will find it as soon
as he is taken in hand by the Elks, of
which order he is the exalter grand ruler.
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific ' Company has returned to the city
from Bartlett Springs, where he has been
spending a month's vacation. He resumed
the duties of his office yesterday and ex
pressed himself as having been much im
proved by his outing and in fine fettle for
another year's work.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— F. H. Harton
and wife of Los Angeles are at the Grand,
and James M. Geoghe of San Francisco is
at the Imperial. V. G. Hush of San Fran
cisco is at the Empire.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rt> at Townsend's. •
Special information' supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Presp Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Harmony Chapter.
To-nfgrnt Harmony Chapter, Order of
the Eastern Star, will give an entertain
ment and dance in Golden Gate Hall, on
Sutter street. The chapter's social com
mittee has prepared a fine programme of
entertainment, which will commence at 8
o'clock and continue for an hour and a
half, when it will be "on with the dance."
Angostura Bitters Is Indorsed by leading
lyslclans for purity and ■wholesomenesa. Get
the genuine — Dr. Siegert's.DIRECTORS GEDGE AND
CONLON DENY CHARGES
Accused Members Appeal to
the School Board.
The Tooth Carpenter Was Calm, While His
Colleague Wanted Blood-Grand
Jury to Investigate,
SCHOOL DIRECTOR GEDGE says
he didn't, didn't, didn't. There,
now! In open meeting of the Board
of Education last night he arose to
_ a question of personal privilege, and
■with his voice toned 'to the "softness of
the passage of a new-laid egg through
t l>oillns water said he never, never, never,
in all his official life, received $2000 for as
sisting in the award of school contracts
■to certain named arms.
One of the main points he mad,* in sup
-port of this denial was the fact that he
had lived in this community for more
than twenty-four years. This, it was
suggested, could also be taken as proof
that the doctor is no spring chicken. He
■said he wished to present "other facts,"
-which developed into letters from Payer.
I'pharn & Co. and A. C. Smith, agent for
Ginn & Co.. in which were the statements
that these firms had not paid to Gedge or
«.ny other member of the board money for
school contracts.
Director Conlon. who has carefully re
frained from opening his head since the
•statement was made that he had received
$SOO of the money said to have passed to
-Influence the contract for school supplies,
followed Gedge on the floor. He had not
"iortined himself with a typewritten ad
dress, and as a consequence floundered
somewhat in his speech. It was short and
bloodthirsty. He denied the allegation
B.nd defied the alienator, apostrophizing as
•he went the good old days when life was
cheap and newspaper? were not such
thorns in the flesh of careless public serv
ants.
It was nearly 9 o'clock before the board
■was caiied to order by President Bergerot.
iAII the members but Director Head were
present, and considerable "connubiation"
was going on in the various anterooms.
Gedge and Conlon held several earnest
confabs with themselves and other mem
bers, Kemp communing with his inner
consciousness, utterly indifferent, appar
ently, that there was somethin' . In".
It took ten minutes fnr the reading of
the minutes, at the conclusion of which
proceeding Gedge secured the eye of Pres
:.i.-nt Bergerot.
"I arise to a question of privilege." he
said. "I have been assailed in the press
In regard to my conduct as a city official,
and I have prepared a very brief state
m-.-nt which I would like to read to you."
ihe chair having recognized the right of
the speaker to the floor, Gedge read as
follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 13, 1899.
To the Honorable Board of Education —
Gentlemen: I have lived in this community
for more than twenty-four (24) years and
have always berne a good reputation, ar.d
in order that you. gentlemen, and the citi
zens cf San Francisco may know how base
iesa the charges are that have been made In
:he Mcrniny Call I would like to present
to you a few facts In connection with this
matter:
The charpes are ma<2e that I received two
thousand (129GQ1 dollars for assisting- in the
award of contracts Co certain named firms,
to wit. Ginn & Co.. Payot, Upham Sc Co.,
Cunalagham, Curtis? & Welch.
This I absolutely and unqualifiedly d«ny,
ar.-i I have attached hereto letters -m ]
each of these firms which epeak for th»m
ielvea on the subject, which I would like
for yon to file.
I am charged with having the specifica
tions changed. This I also deny, and in
thJs regard I have the statement of the
| TOO MANY
f DISAPPOINTED. I
i So many having- requested us to j
hold our stock for them a few days ! '
\ it $1. we have decided to extend the ; •
tiXD to all. i i
I Applications received up to 10 p. :• j
m. of Sat.- September loth, j
j win get in at Jl per share. Price j
then advances 40 cents per sha^-e j
every 10 days thereafter until par.
$3 per share, is reached. This is the
last opportunity ■-•red to get in. ;
on the ground floor. j
I PROSPECTUS FREE.
I
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO.,
1 11l ADAMS BUILDI39.
206 KEARNY STREET.
r. SAN FRANCISCO. |
OPEN EVENINGS. |
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
242 to ISO Geary Street. Above . v...
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
§COAL COKE AND Pia IROX
I C TL'II CflV *• rti 5 " Battery Street.
J- I- TTILjUII U V/U-j Telephone Main 13*4.
COPPERSMITH. "
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. 81/TTH. ilgr.
CW CUITH Bhlp Plumbing. Steamboat
■ TT ■ 2 Jill II - and Bbip Work a Specialty. 14
«n<l 13 Washington st. Telephone Main s*iL
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lIC DAVEC Jt C(\ Shipping Butchers. IC4
JAb DUltiil , lay, TiL Main OH.
FURS.
J .'. IfIE^TAT) ' 4 Xs «' n •*•■ o-cti. efrodc irg.
. il. LUrjlAi/t stylet, lowest prices, temedeiirg.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, £S£ * &2Zi
•r Cas- r.gs of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
_..,l i IfTTTC PULP AND PAPER CO.
ttlLLAjltllC 722 Montgomery street
PRINTING.
E C BIGHES' 511 PRINTER. F.
t- C- nLUIiLJ? Sll Sansoae st.. S. F.
thlbicks judd co , b^rTb ni^
STATIONER AND PRINTER. V
Te gSS^_PARTIID«E ** gr*
wirTAsii steam coal. «lac b |
COLLIERIES, .s the Best Coal !n the
JUr£rt Office and Teris-450 Main street.
secretary, which I would like ala to hay« i
filed. All I ask In this matter Is that the
board Investigate the charges. This I !
have also asked of the Grand Jury. Re
•pa trolly submitted. H. E. GEDGE.
In company with this statement Gedge '
read and submitted the letters from
Payot, Upham & Co. and S. C. Smith,
for ■ on & Co., denying charge? of the
payment of money, and offering assistance
to refute the reports. He also read a let
ter from Mr. Simpson, secretary of the .
board, to the effect that the specifications
were not changed. The statement and let- ;
ters were filed, and Gedge sat down. All
?yes were turned on Conlon. He arose to
his feet.
"In regard to the newspaper notoriety !
that has been given to me lately," he !
said. "I would like to state that the as
sertions are false, and can be proven
false: and I wish to say further that Dr. i
Gedge and myself have acted in the way
we thought was for the best interest of j
the School Department. As chairman of l
the supplies committee I will ask this
board to investigate each and every con
tract that has been awarded and sift it to
the bottom.
'•I am sorry," he continued, somewhat
at a loss for breath from excitement, ]
"that things are not as they were in the
early days, when .i man who made an as
sertion had to back it up with his life, i
I don't care what man m.*le it; he's a
coward, and he dare not come before the
public and prove it!"
President Bergerot said he did not think :
it within the province of the board to in- ;
vestigate the charges, and thought the
best course to pursue would be to refer j
the matter to a disinterested body, sug- j
gesting the Grand Jury.
Director Armstrong offered the follow- .
ing resolution, in line with the sugges
tion:
Resolved, That the Grand Jury Is hereby
respectfully requested to make a moat '■■
thorough Investigation of the cfcaree of i
corruption preferred apalr.st certain mem
bers of the beard by the Morning Call, and j
that the board offer the Grand Jury every '
facility to get at the truth of the whole
matter.
And the incident closed.
TEACHERS MUST FIGHT
School Board Dec ares War on
the Dollar Limit.
The schools will be closed on Friday at
noon in order to permit the teachers to
get together in mass meeting and protest
agair.st the "dollar limit.'" President
Bergerct announced when he opened the
meeting of the Board of Education last
night that the Supervisors would allow
the schools no more in the levy than the
$1,125,000 laid down by Mayor Phelan un
less either the teachers or the Mer
chants' Association advised them to ig
nore the limit.
"I am. sorry to inform you." said Mr.
Bergerot. "that I have been informed by
a person who is very close to the Super
visors that contrary to our expectations
the Supervisors are going to allow us no
more than $1,123,000, the amount fixed by
Mayor Phelan. They say they cannot
Sive us more unless they break the dollar
limit, and that they will not do unless
asked by the Merchants* Association or
by the teachers in mass meeting assem
bled. I would suggest that the schools
close on Friday afternoon so that the
teachers may meet.
■'It will be evident to them that it Is
better to take this course than that we
be compelled to adopt some other," add
ed Mr. Berg-erot. significantly, and upon
motion of Director Stow the suggestion
was placed formally before the board and
adopted.
The consolidation of evening school
classes, which has for some time past
been discussed as one feasible method of
retrenchment, was begun by Superintend
ent Webster, who offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the following appointments
made by the superintendent o" Schools, ren
dered necessary by tbe consolidation and re
c'.as?iScatlon in the -evening schools, be con
firmed:
Miss A. E. O' Sullivan, from the Lincoln
Evening School 'class consolidated) to Spring
Valley Evening, vice Miss V. English. Date
o£ appointment, August 11. 1537.
C. H. Crowell, from the Horace Mann Even
ing School a.«» consolidated) to Rlncon Even
ing, vice Miss L. R. Sutch. Date of appoint
ment. Augrust 15, 1597.
Miss M. O'Malley, from the Lincoln Even-
Insr (class coa^olidated) to the evening substi
tute hst. Date of appointment, Aujrust 13,
1537.
Miss G. Fitzgerald, from the Spring Valley-
Evening- School (class consolidated) to the
evening substitute list. Date or appointment
September 1. IS»7.
Mrs. A. r-tlmmel. Miss M. L. Sabins (date of
appointment • . Mober 1. ISS7), Miss A. J.
Brock and Mrs. M. Watson <date of appoint
ment January 12, lSSn>. from the evening sub
stitu'- list to the evening unaasigned l.at, with
out ray.
The board in executive session adopted
a resolution that the transfer of pupils
from one school to another be suspended
pending the fixing of district lines. A
second paragraph provided that no
teacher shall teach in any school the
principal of which is related to the
teacher by blood or marriage within the
third degree. A third section increases
the pay of substitutes in the day service
to $1 per day when reporting to the sec
retary's office, and $2 50 per day addi
tional for services performed when en«
I In actual work as teacher. All
three sections of the resolution will take
effect October 1.
The secondary education committee
recommended the abolition of the position
of head of department in all public
schools. Director Stow said In support of
the resolution that the position was
purely honorary although the salary is
$15 per month higher. Brandensteln op
posed the measure, but when it came to a
vote it carried.
Tracy R. Kelly of the University of Cali
fornia was appointed teacher of Latin In
the Lowell High School during the ab
sence of W. E. Blanchard, the present in
structor, who was granted a. year's leave
of absence.
Mr" C M. Sis*?ons was ordered placed
upon the retired list, upon her own re
quest.
The report of the janitors committee,
which w<is adopted, recommended the fol
lowing appointments of lanitors: I* M.
McEnnll to Clement School, vice Fltz
patrick. resigned; F. Jackson to Horace
Mann School, vice O'Farrell, resigned;
Mrs M Knapp to Franklin School, vie*
Collins, resigned: Mrs. Btolier to Beryerot
School, vice Mrs. Gauzert.
E. J. Dupuy. teacher of French in the
Polvtechnlc, was elected a special teacher
of Latin.
Ralph L. Daniels was elected assistant
teacher in the Polytechnic High School.
Mrs. S. W. McPherson was assigned as
high school assistant in the history de
partment at the Polytechnic High School.
GRAND JURY'S LABOR.
Newly Appointed Inquisitorial
Body Will Investigate
Bribery Charges.
"There is a public rumor to the effect :
that there is abundant evidence of crime
In the administration of our educational
matters. I need not be mqre specific. I
charge you diligently to ferret out this
matter."
TVith this charge, delivered by Presid
ing Judge Daingerfield, In mind the mem
bers of the Grand Jury, selected and
■worn in yesterday, have taken office. For
MOM time pan it has been the duty of
the Presiding Judge to direct the attention j
of each succeeding Grand Jury to the ror- .
ruption of various members of the board, j
■who, by virtue of the suffrage of the ;
people, are advanced to the dignity of j
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1599.
FASTING AND PRAYER MARK YOM
KIPPUR`S SOLEMN ATORNMENT
VOM KIPPUR. the Jewish day of
atonement, began last night at sun
j down and will continue for twenty
-*■ four hours. At 6 o'clock to-night the
blast of the shofars in the synagogues
Rill signal the end of the rigid fast which
ill Jews are commanded to observe dur
ng this period of- expiation and humility.
Then will the houses of worship be de
serted and the hungry mortals, who have
seen, doing penance before God for their
■ins. will repair to their homes and feast
xrith a clear conscience and a health; ap
petite.
Yon: Kippur is the only fast day or
iained by Moses and. although additional
fast days have been added from time to
Lime by the modern Jews, they have not
succeeded in displacing Yom Kippur from
ts pre-eminent position. It has been ob
served yearly for more than five thousand
ears by the Jews Pharisees and Karites
alike, with a steadfast faith th it neither
persecution nor prosperity has had the
power to break. It is the one day in the
rear when all Jews may have their sins
forgiven if they are truly repentant, and
'x is the day when a!! Jews are expected
to extend the forgiving hand to their
snemies. It is, as the name implies, the
lay when man prostrates himself before
Sod in an attitude of supplication, con
fessing his shortcomings and praying for
forgiveness— a forgiveness that will be
forthcoming If the applicant is sincerely
penitent.
In preparation for the fast, the Jews of
->an Francisco yesterday entertained and
feasted one another. Just before sun
down they sat down to a substantial
meal, which is to last them until after the
guardians of the education of the children
of the people. Evil Influences, not greater
than have been known to swerve the ac
- of other bodies, but more contempti
ble in that they are p^tty, have long t-x
--their pow»r over the greedy who
occupied the chairs in the Board of
Education. The people hope that on this
o^r*=ion sufficient evidence is obtainable
dire a conviction that an example
may be made of at lea.=t one erring mem
ber of the present body. It is obvious
that Judge Daingerfleld is of opinion that
suf-h evidence can be obtained and»-tt is
-ft with the new Grand Jury, which
is composed of the following citizens:
R. M. Hotaling. 1775 California street;
J P McMurray. 1420 Hayes street; Alfr^*
Ola] Hotel; Berthold Kahn.
Market street; A. Jacobs, 212 Leaven
worth street; John Bennett. 27 Sansome
• Jeremiah OXeary. 2119 Pine street;
William J. Bryan. 1822 Pin*' street; W S.
Gage BC2 Bush street. Pierre Dreydemi,
furk street; William J Ruddlck, WM
Fell street; William Wright. 3108 Buch
anar street; "W. A. Frederick, 1421 Sfisa
street; John F. Wulzen, *'»*, BeTenteentb
street; John C. Wolf. Powell and Ellis
streets; George F. Gray. 22S Montgomery
■ - John J. Ryan. 953 Bryant street;
John T. Sullivan. EKB Baker street; J. F.
Kennedy. 1727 Pine street.
Tl a 'ury was selected on the opening
rt -sterday morning. Thirty-eight
talesmen summoned appeared, the box
r^x
ti>A, STRENGTH -
*^MSk\ FDR MFM
\:l!f^^\^i l^^^^^ilk^rU /) The boy develops into the mm, strong or weak, ac-
<^^^^\ x^ r t"'i f/fffffiu cording to his habits. 1 have made a life-long study of weak
-pfpp^X^^ » -^3^-Wj men - or thirty yeirs I have used Electricity in the treat-
'y^^'&Lrfi^^ " fi * ment of all results of indiscretion and excesses. I apply it
J^Nt>Wv4rY^ ; If by means of my invention, the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt,
w'///^L'M J*\Njl j) ' now used throughout the world. It is a great home self-
/yf"'u 1% 'ft treatment, a natu'ai cure.
Jr\fmM N0 DR UGS.
Jl r / y ipPp^fe. Over 6000 men, yojng and old, restored to strength
F If ■ WSrfvl during 1898. Write for free book, which explains all, sent
v if y^Wrx^B * n P a ' n » sealed envelope, or drop in and consult me free
■ / f(~£^^&P m of char
-^^m^ftiL^ FIR T A is third street,
j-^ ... .-,^ ikrjs Office Hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 11 to 1.
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES IN THE JEVMSH SYNAGOGUES.
final blast of the shofar to-night. No
food or drink must pass their lips during
the intervening twenty-four hours, while
business and labor of every description
are forbidden. ; '.■■;'
The services in tne synagogues began
at 6 o'clock last night, consisting of ad
dresses by the officiating Rabbis and
special musical programmes. In the Fra
ternity Hall of B'nai B'rith building ser
vices were conducted by Rabbi H. J.
Abraham of the Sepharim congregation,
composed of orthodox Jews from coun
tries of the Orient, who came to San
Francisco during the Midwinter Fair and
concluded to make their homes in Cali
fornia. The ritual, while not differing
materially from that used by the Rabbis
of the strictly local, or American, con
gregations, still had a touch of the far
Kast that lent to it a peculiar charm.
In the strictly - orthodox Jewish syna
gogues located south of Market si reet the
elden ritual was also closely adhered to.
Rabbi Voorsanger officiated at the
Temple Emar.u-El and a special musical
programme prepared by Cantor E. J.
Stark and Organist '•V. I. Sabin was ren
dered with pleasing effect. At Sherith
Israel on Taylor street Rabbi Nieto de
livered an address on "Is the Goal in
Sight?" and music was rendered by an
augmented choir and an orchestra of
stringed instruments. Rabbi Meyers offi
ciated at Bush-street Temple and Rabbi
Levy r • Beth Israel. At the latter place
a special musical programme was pre
pared and rendered under the direction
of Cantor Joseph Rabtnowitz and Organ
ist H. J. Stewart.
Services in the synagogues will b? re
sumed this morning at 10 o'clock and will
continue until sundown. The morning ser
vices will consist principally of sermons
by the Rabbis and in the afternoon me
morial exercises for the repose of the
dead will be held. At intervals during
the day the shofar will be sound and as
the sun disappears again beneath the
horizon the most rigid and most strictly
observed fast in the Jewish calendar and
the one that practically marks the close
was turned and their names drawn. The
Jury drawn. Judge Daingerlield appointed
John Bennett foreman. Mr. Bennett was
given the oath. Judge Daingerfieid out
lined the sections of the Code which are
to govern their future investigations and
actions and then the charge upon matters
demanding immediate attention was
given. With the brief charge above given
the court disposed of the School Board
scandal. The attention of the Jury was
then called to the fact that in next No
vember a public election was to be held.
Judge Dair.gerfield informed the body that
crimes against the ballot-box would
doubtless be attempted, and he charged
the members to be prepared to Indict that
all such criminals might be punished for
their offenses.
The Grand Jury then retired to its
rooms and the work of organization was
taken up. "W. S. Gage was appointed sec
retary, after which the matter of selecting
an official stenographer occupied the jury.
Owing to the efficient manner in which
she has conducted the work In the past
and her superior knowledge of Grand Jury
matters. Miss Clara Stockton, who has
occupied the position of official stenog
rapher for some time past, was unani
mously appointed.
The jury then adjourned, but to-day it
will meet and in obedience to the charge
given by Judge Daingerfleld will com
mence the investigation into the charges
of bribery that have centered upon Dr.
H. E. Gedge of the Board of Education.
Jloi^ored five
Sbousand
Years.
of the Jewish new year's observances will
** have ended.
♦ The Geary Street Synagogue was crowd
-1 ed last evening. The Jewish soldiers in
the city, of whom there are a iarge num
♦ ber. were present, and Rev. M. S. Levy.
<*> the rabbi. In his address spoke of them
and extended them a welcome. He aJso
♦ announced that the young ladies of the
S congregation would entertain the soldiers
this evening and said that he was proud
of them for doing so. In the beginning of
his address Rev. Dr. Levy explained the
♦ significance of the Day of Atonement and
i inculcated the lessons to be derived.
Men. he said, might be forgiven for sins
♦ against God by reason of the Day of
4 Atonement, but to be forgiven for their
sins against men they must atone by their
acts— by a long series of acts. After en
forcing the lessons he would teach, the
speaker took up the subject of the patri
otism of the Jews. All nations acknowl
edged the great influence the Jews have
had upon civilization and their great work
for morality and religion. But when the
patriotism of the Jew was mentioned
many shrugged their shoulders. The Jew
should assert himself. He had been mis
understood long enough. His patriotism
was of the highest order. The tablets of
Egypt. Assyria. Phoenicia. Babylon, Rome
and Greece told of his patriotism; of his
heroic struggles to preserve national exis
tence. No other people had given such
proofs of patriotism as the Jews. In the
terrors of the Coliseum, at thousands of
pyre?, the Jew had asserted his religion
and his nationality.
Then Dr. Levy "spoke of the Jewish
patriots of the present time. A few days
ago a regiment from New York arrived
in the city and a large percentage of the
members of that regiment were Jews.
They had expressed regret to him that
they had been unable to celebrate .he
New Year. They had wished to be in the
synagogue to observe Yam Kippur. and
they were present. They would go abroad
and would bear arms side by side with
those of other faiths. The loyalty that
they had for their religion indicated the
patriotism that they would display for
their native land and its flag. "While there
have been many courts-martial since the
war began, he was pleaseu to say that
not one had been held on account of a
Jew.
Dr. Levy personally addressed the sol
diers present. <;<><! only knew what would
befall them within the next year. They
were away from home and parents and
were going to a land far away. God be
with them. Dr. Levy made his remarks
to the soldiers with a show of deep
feeling.
The music during the services was of
a high order. Professor H. J. Stewart was
at the organ. The cantor was J. Rabino
witz. The choir consisted of eight singers.
ATTACKED THE MATE.
Disgruntled Sailor Makes a Commo-
tion on Board the Dauntless.
Charles Jacobin, a saii^r on the Daunt
less, was arrested by Officers Maekey and
Callahaji yesterday evening on the com
plaint of F. H. Cruthers. pilot of the
vessel, and charged with assault with a
deadly weapon at the Harbor police sta
tion. It is alleged that Jacobson. who
has been on the Dauntless for several
weeks, wanted to draw his wages yester
day, and that upon being refused he drew
a screwdriver, the blade of which had
been sharpened, and made a savage at
tack upon the mate of the ship. The
blade cut a large gash in the mate's side.
Trade With the Orient.
A large shipment of household furni
ture consigned to Woochung, in the
province of Hoo Pei. almost the geo
grapnical tenter of China, was sent on
I the Nippon Maru by the Pattosien
any of San Francisco pursuant to
order received from th? Orient.
Missionaries Safe.
PARTS. S<*pt. Li— New? received to-day
: from Tripoli indirat°s there is no founda
tion for the reported annihilation of the
, Fum^u-Brimy mission in the Sahara.
ADVEBTISEMEJJTS. |
BBS Hi rlioLw
SfGK'HEAOAOHE
t -,i positively cored by these j
) TAttle Pills.
' "They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia^ j
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- :
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Dro-vrsl- i
ness, Bad Taste fn the Mouth, Coated Tongue j
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They j
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
S Small Pill. Small Dose.
\ Small Price.
•M»nnaina«i~—i>»»«»ii.»>mHnN.....^
hOO Pieces of All- 1
| Wool Material Sved! j
! Come in and pick out
: a nice piece of these
I goods for your next suit. I
: We make you an All- "j=j3 j
| Wool Sufi for \+£ :
I s/sjse jm |
That is equal to any 'fit^ '•
: 525 suit made by other %al*; - > - W i
1 Pants, all wool 54.50 BPfi , fr^ !
I (k(Mim lif l|
:7 _ TheTaiior. m. EJ_ g :
• r"^ —^ ivTi | if I :
\ 201-203 Montgomery ■? / >%\ I f* \
: St. San Francisco. 'H\{,n,\k tl
• 1110-1112 Market '^M/'ftfß :
| : St , San Francisco. J7 I
I : 1011 Washington St.. ' :
• 'Oakland. :
' : 143 South Spring St., •
I ; . -:., -'..* Los Angeles. :, t
"~ JJ """*"— ;
■♦•O-*-O-*-O-«- O-*-O-»-O -•- O-«-©-*-O-»-©-*O ♦O-»
jVICHY I
' ♦ bjnT 1 "( T h"L^ s» jj • »« »
< rillifflJii3ir i 1 >
0 c _ Is A oh
♦ h Natural Mineral Water ?
♦ J^H known for centuries and «
'O W^S\ ■ imported q
1 ♦ ONLY IN BOTTLES. •
♦ MtmttSgi ForDUorderjd Sfcsmach ♦
° fSuBMBSi an * l 2&Z ts ti ou ♦
° B^ESS^Slts value has tesn t?s:l- 0
♦ Hid to by thousands. ♦ :
♦ VICHY*! So-called Vichy in Sy- ®
♦ gj^O^ IS NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ ' K(2£s Get tno Genuine. ?
® B^*^a Tour physt'-ian O
♦ I> ! iTffi^S " w ' lll recommend it. ♦
♦ g=^»gg a. V 155113, Diairibatiig Agtnt J
i
I suffered from ca- >^L*.^*H|^
tarrh of the worst kind /j&ijhl T f.iwV
| ever since a boy, and I #J^^Ll£<slßl
| never hoped for cure, Jsr*£*lfSut}
! but Elys Cream Balm £9jHn»lMM££j
j seems to do even that. H^, 3SFsm
Many acquaintances W" ■• *Jrm
I have used It with ex-
cellent results. — Oscar JL-sSIR^V
Ostrum. 45 Warren Ay-
enue. Chicago, 111. mmmmmtamtm |
Cream Balm is placed Into nostrils, spread, i
over the membrane and is absorbed. Relief !* |
, Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
does not produce sneezing 1 . Large Btz«, 50c:
at drujrsists or by mall; trial size, 10c, by
mail.
ELY BROTHER?. X TVarr^n street. New York.
■ ii in ■„ ' ■
Dr. R. L Walsh,
'M»|f^'-rA Sls*4 GEARY ST.. bet. j
t^SilAiiaii |(I | || f^m Hr fie and Larklr..
j fc^ -^^g=g^s^ Painless Extraction..
ffi- _ J^f!7\ c'ro'wns".".'.".'.".".'.'.'f 2.00
! H^; T lijjji^ Flesh-colored Plat eg. ;
! Continuous Gum Plates (no. bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN* first prizes for
| this branch of dentistry. No students. 15 1
j years' experience.
i>vf«rr OR JORDAN great A
iHySEUM OF ANATOMY^
1 | j^fc ICSUUXKT3.trt.6i*7a,S.rC4I. ( I
[ Mr The Ljr^est Aoat^mical Mueum in the \
II I I3_^ Woe.d Weaknesses or any detracted m
>) PsS *S\ bpecj'istcm the Cciii Est-3«j!irs. 9
i&&&Zl DR. JORCAN-PRIYATE DISEASES 4
B £325 3 <."•'. ration f»ee and strl^t'y ; '■■■!•• \
I TJW] Tr> itir.c-.t personally rr by Inter. A M
Ij/ \|B '»••''•« CH«r» in e»ery case undertaken. ▼ j
Pi IIA Wrtrfcr Bcok.PHII-OSOPIIYtf i
I I ii itimlACE, MA;i.ao fres. |.\f
1 A jl valuable book for mm > .
; i 9 DR. JORDAN A CO.* 1051 Market St.. S. F. V !
■ i
y^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i i|L>^Jjp| 625 KEAEXT ST. EsUblished
' i^iVJEal l " I^3l for the treatment of Private
ST)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62. ! 5KEARjrT«T. Establish*!
In 1534 for the treatment of PriTate
Dim— ri, Lost Man hix.-l Debility or
i '^S?"S^^' 1 ' ' >!1 - ew<?arlD 5 0 " bo ' - vandnl ' ' d
*kin D!»<?a3^a. The doctorcures when ■
others fall. Try him. Charges low ;
I^SluH^gl fnrr<(a*ritnlrr<l. Callorwrtte.
Or j. »'. ttIBBOJI, B*x 1937. 5aa Frandico
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAiIIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
str*n?th to sexual organs. Depot, 222 Market.
~ AMUSEMENTS. j
Mechanics' fair
AND
PHILIPPINE^ EXHIBIT.
See the Special Exhibits.
| THE PHILIPPINE CIRCUS.
MORO CASTLE.
THE LOG CABIN.
i FILIPINO HUTS.
THE MOST NOVEL FAIR HELD FOR MANX
YEARS.
CHBTES_4ND ZOO.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE TH 6 !E D LtS B HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT— AMATEUR NIGHT.
FAT LADIES' TUG -OF -WAR
AND FIRST TIME OF
HARMON AND SEABURY,
The "World's Champion High Diver*.
i Phone for Seats, Park 23. ' -1
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR^
ONLY FOUR MORE NIGHTS...
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Best Drama in Years.
THE WAGES
OF SIN.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, s»c.
NEXT WEEK-THEN YOU LAUGH.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON!
Gilette'a Comedy Triumph.
BACHELOR CLI'R WHITE AND HARRIS
CRAWFORD SISTERS.
HUNGARIAN
BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
MONTRELL.
CHARLEY CASE.
ARNOLD GRAZIER AND LA PETITE
. HAZEL.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
Reserved seats. Ec; Balcony, 10c: Oper»
Chairs and Bex Seats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN €32.
A NIGHT OF LAUGHTER.
-ALL THE WEEK—
Yon Suppe's Delightful Comic Opera,
"Film;
NEXT WEEK— Offenbach's Famous Comic
Opera. "THE DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
10c. ".-. 23c. 35c and 50c.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat, 25c
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
THIS WEEKS DEMAND FOR
GRAND OPERA
BREAKING ALL RECORDS.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT. TO-NIGHT!
"OTHELLO."
"OTHELLO" Repeated Saturday Matinee and
Sunday Night.
The Superb Production of
"LOHENGRIN."
Friday and Saturday Evenings.
POPULAR PRICES 23 and 50 cents
Telephone for Seats. Bush 9.
CONCEB.TS AND A£SO&T&
BLTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS!
OPEN DAILY from 1 a. m. to 11 p. m.
BATHING FROM 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing-, including admission. 23; Children. 20c
I ==========================
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
STjnsr
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 313T
day of December, A. D. 1398. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
: 61(Pand 811 of the Political Code, condensed aa
j peT blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
■ Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
| in cash
ASSETS.
Real Estat« owned by Company $250,000 c*
Lean* on Bonds and Mortgages 188,000 00
' Cash Market. Value of all Stocks
i and Bonds owned by Company.... 1,514, -S3 M
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities a3 collateral
I Cash In Company's Office 475 SI
j Cash in Banks 170.952 S5
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 23.137 12
i Interest due and accrued on Bonds
i and Mortgages 1.850 S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 274.5M1J
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 1,439 1?
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total asset* 714.971 Si
LIABILITIES. ~~~~
! Losses adjusted and unpaid $18,99« a
Losses in process of Adjustment or
i In Suspense 177,353 57
! Losses resisted. Including expenses 10.400 00
1 Grose premiums on Fire Risks run-
! ning one year or less. $'(€1.323 12;
i re-insurance 50 per cent 450.7H 54
; Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
-1 ning more than one year. JI.S4S.-
-119 27: re-Insurance pro rata 533.544 51
■ Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Bisks, i :
re-insurance 100 per cent  .
• Gross Premiums on Marine Tim* -.-.-.
Risks, I '• re-insurance 30 per
cent *
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
,tc 1.318 51
j All other demands against the Com-
| pany •• - «*•*» a
Total liabilities ..n.84?.04 9S
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire .
premiums ............... IS
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ;;••*: '1
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages - • I, BSD 00
Received for Interest and dividends
; on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from _
i all other sources T9.W2 2
! Received for rent* 10.042 40
Total income ..51.675.a83 43
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $148,140 25. losses of pre-
vious years) .-.. — . 1304, 6« M
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including i .» losses of pre-
| vious years')
Dividends to Stockholders
; Paid or allowed for Commission or
I Brokerage •• -■- ••-■• M*- 39 * M
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 9«.044 18
Paid for State. National and local
taxes .«.••••••••••«»......»•""••" 4i,XZ7 -4
All other payments and expenditures 121.103 M
Total expenditures .....51.506.010 94
Losses Incurred during th» year 535L310 99
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. [Premiums.
"&iS£&A»*£Z 85.0G1.7Ka.354.133 00
Net amount of Risks ex-j j
plred during the year.. Z22.3E6.701 2.124.513 75
X cemTer^l t^ 3 | OrCe . DC :i 305.707.931 «*«! »
" j J GUILE. United States Manager.
Subscribed »nd sworn to before me this 24tb
day of January. ISM. p , CORET>
Commissioner for California In N«w York.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents Pacific Department,
OFFICE - - - - 213-215 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Man 5963.
LESLIE A. WRIGHT,
I Assistant General Agent.
78
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
s;7:rr a fraction lower. New York Exchange higher.
Cereals stagnant and generally weak.
Decreased receipts of Hay. Bran and Middlings firm.
New crop of Beans weak and quiet.
Coal Oil advanced another 1-2 cent per gallon.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged. Some Vegetables doing better.
Butter, Eggs ar.: • Cheese weak and quiet.
g Poultry lower and in ovcrsupply.
Came continues in light receipt.
Promise of a good market for Wine Grapes this fall.
Dried Print market shows more favorable symptoms.
Provisions stand the same.
Nothing new in the Meat market.
Charters.
The Hesper »loads lumber on the Sound for
Melbourne or Adelaide. 52s 6d.
The Port Logan loads wheat at Portland for
Europe. 36s 3d.
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
The wing figures show the amounts due
the United States from Pacific railroads on ac
count of bonds issued in aid of their construc
tion: Central branch Union Pacific, $3,756,693;
Sioux City and Pacific. J4.212.521; total. $7,969,
--r-4 The Government has t.fen reimbursed for
{27,236,512 principal and $31,211,711 interest, be
ing the total Indebtedness of the Union Pacific
Railroad Company to November 1, 1897 and for
the principal of the Kansas Pacific Indebtedness,
amounting to $6,308,000. The unpaid balance
of the total indebtedness of the Central Pacific
nnd Western Pacific railroad companies to the
United States, under settlement agreement of
February 1. 1599, amounts to $47,050,175 and ac
crued interest, less transportation earnings.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following is a statement of the public
debt and of the cash in the Treasury of the
United States at the close of business August
31; received from Secretary Gage: Interest
bearing debt, $1,046,048,* debt on which in
terest has censed since maturity. $1.215,15f>; debt
bearing no interest. $35y.395.427: certificates and
Treasury notes, offset by an equal amount of
cash in the Treasury. 56iM.443.203; aggregate of
debt. J2.it3S, 102.630. Compared with the state
ment Issued July 31. the - urea show an in- ;
crease of certificates and Treasury notes
amounting to $47. 025. 900 and ah increase in the
aggregate debt of J47.C57.079. The cash in the
Treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold,
$317 v 446.960; silver. $.'.05,059. 514: paper. $58,484.
--'.' W. bonds, minor coin, fractional currency,
etc., JSI.3jS.SC7: aggregate, ! !79,882. The 1 ash
balance in the Treasury July 31 was $274,844.
--167, and on August 31 J27P,3:,2.572. showing an
Increase during the month of $4.5C5,7'>5.
Weather Report.
020 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 13. a p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from- stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60 Pan Diego 74
Fresno 102; Sacramento 96
L"s Angeles 92 , Independence 90
Red Bluff 94 Yuma 10S
San Luis Obispo.. . 98'
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
72; minimum, 52; mean, 02.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure is central off Puget
Sound and moving northeastward, while the
lowest pressure le central over Arizona, South
eastern California and Utah. The pressure
has risen rapidly over Washington an.l Ore
gon and fallen over the southern portion of
the Pacific Slope.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Washington, Oregon. Idaho and Northern Ne
vada; elsewhere it has remained nearly sta- j
tionary. The temperature is about 10 degrees
above the normal in the interior of California.
The weather is cloudy over Washington and ;
Oregon and generally clear over the remainder !
of the Pacific Slope. Light rain has fallen
over eastern portion of Washington and West
ern Montana. Showers are also reported from
the mountains 01 Arizona.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in California Thurs
day.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight September 14:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; fresh |
■west wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair: cooler Thursday.
Arizona Partly cloudy Thursday; probable
showers In the mountains of the north portion,
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— recuperation of
the money market by means of the severe
liquidation of the last two days was reflected
In a much Improved tone in the stock market.
Prices were little inclined to advance in the
early dealings. In spite of the buoyant tones
In the London market and the vigorous
strength shown by a few specialties. Early
loans on call were maile at "<&VA per cent
and a decline set in soon after the opening, j
which carried the level generally below that
of last night. The rate in call loans then fell i
to 3 per cent, and after stiffening again spas- j
modically eased off In the latter part of the j
day to 2 per cent. About midday there came j
the announcement that the Treasury Depart- j
ment had decided to anticipate by about ten
days the October payment of interest on Gov
ernment bonds, which will amount in the ag
gregate to over $5,000,000. The shorts took ,
alarm at the steady advance which set in and i
rushed to cover, bidding up prices In the clos- !
ing dealings by wide advances to the top level
of the day. The closing was very active and
buoyant and shows net gains ranging from
one to six points. To-day was the fortnightly
settlement on the London Stock Exchange,
where quite a large short interest Is said to
have existed in Americans. The decline here I
therefore was very opportune and London
bought to the extent of about 25,000 shares. :
Tennessee was strong from the outset, ami
after moving- in an erratic way closed the day '
with an advance of 8% points. American :
Tobacco also developed early strength and left
off over 3 points higher. Brooklyn Transit
wag down nearly to yesterday's lowest point
and shows a fractional net gain. The new United
State* Milling stocks moved up all day and
show net gains of over I points each, and Colo- j
radn Fuel as much. There ■■.... active upward j
movements In the Leather stocks. The demand :
for the railroads generally gained in volume
as the day advanced and the upward move- i
ment was quite uniform In the principal ac- !
tive Issues, which have net gains of between
1 and 2 points In many instances.
The movement of money on balance con
tinued in favor of the Interior to-day, but a
debit balance at the clearing house by the
Sub-Treasury relieved the pressure somewhat.
So far as Is known there was no fresh sup
ply of money In the market, though the sharp
break in the call loan rates suggested that
some hidden reserve might have been brought
forward. Sterling exchange fell an additional
fraction for actual rate? and posted rat. - were
reduced % cent, but the fact that discounts
In London were easier indicated that no gold
movement is In prospect from that quarter.
Bonds were inclined to cover In sympathy
with stocks, the speculative Issues leading.
Total sales, par value, $2,473,000.
United States bonds were unchanged in bid
quotations.
NSW YORK STOCK LIST.
.Shares Closing
.Sold. Stocks— Bid.
5.427 Atchißon 21%
30,850 Atchison prefd 64»i
2,nco Baltimore & Ohio 52%
100 Canadian Pacific 94%
M 0 ■ . ida Southern S3
l,o*'o Central Pacific 57%:
1.425 Chesapeake & Ohio 2:% I
4.2C0 Chicago Great Western 14 7
10,670 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 13314 ,
Chicago Ir.d & Louisville .9 !
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 41 i
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 91^ !
110 Chicago & Northwestern 168
7,.'iGo Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 117 1 * j
fi2i> CCC & St L0ui5.......,- B7Vi I
4,045 Colorado Southern 4V4
2>X> Colorado Southern first prefd 44%
3. .0 Colorado Southern second prefd 14
335 Delaware & Hudson 122%
1,4 I Delaware Lackawanna & Western. l7B
400 Denver & Rio Grande 22%
COO Denver & Rio Grande prefd 75V4
....... Erie 135,
- .
250 Erie first prefd 38
460 Great Northern prefd 163
320 Hocking Coal ISVi
Hocking Valley 35
2.225 Illinois Central H4Vi
600 lowa Central 13"4
lowa Central prefd 55%
6iiO Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 9%
560 Lake Erie & Western 19
Lake Erie & Western prefd 79
Lake Shore 202
8,888 Louisville & Nashville SO%
32.870 Manhattan Elevated 116%
6,062 Metropolitan Street Railway 2OSV4
I 13.500 Mexican Central l' i
300 Minneapolis & St Louis 74
! Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 94
9,250 Missouri Pacific 46%
100 Mobile & Ohio 45
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 13%
2,700 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 41%
600 New Jersey Central 117%
3.71S New York Central 137%
8,075 Norfolk & Western 25%
2,100 Norfolk <& Western prefd 70%
7,000 Northern Pacific 64%
1.040 Northern Pacific prefd 76%
1,422 Ontario & Western 26<.»
100 Oregon Railway & Navigation 43%
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd . 76
14,570 Pennsylvania 132%
Pittsburg C C & St Louis 74%
100 Reading 22
7,010 Reading first prefd 59%
1,000 Reading second prefd 32
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd 81
300 St Louis & San Francisco 11,4
St Louis & San Fran first prefd 68
100 .-• Louis & San Fran second prefd.. 36%
1,000 St Louis & Southwestern !;<'■*
: 2.47S St Louis & Southwestern prefd 88%
25.750 St Paul 132>4
! Si Paul prefd 177
St Paul i- Omaha IIS
i 15,850 Southern Pacific 37 1 , i
1.200 Southern Railway 12%
3,025 Southern Railway prefd 53 1
4,000 Texas Pacific ! %
9.360 Union Pacific 4.'.",
5,010 Union Pacific prefd 77%
Wabash 7%
1.000 Wabash prefd 22%
1.700 Wheeling «i Lake Erie 114
1,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie second prefd 30
Wisconsin Central 17
Express Companies —
Adams ' 115
American 145
United States 50
Wells Fargo 153
Miscellaneous —
1,600 American Cotton Oil 431;
American Cotton Oil prefd S3
100 American Malting 16
200 American Malting prefd 664
1.400 American Smelting & Refining 89%
1,200 Amer Smelting & Refining prefd.... &9%
American Spirits 5% i
American Spirits prefd .' 30%
7.9C0 American Steel Hoop -. .
2,050 American Steel Hoop prefd 85%
5,070 American Steel & Wire 55* i
677 American Steel & Wire prefd 88%
1,020 American Tin Plate 40%:
400 American Tin Plate prefd 88
23,220 American Tobacco 129
American Tobacco prefd 143
2.125 Anaconda Mining Co 55
87,270 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 95%
16.650 Colorado Fuel & Iron 62%
7,090 Continental Tobacco 451;
1,450 Continental Tobacco prefd 96 1 !
5.070 Federal Steel 59'
1,900 Federal Steel prefd 81%
100 General Electric 121%
100 Glucose Sugar 63Vi '■
Glucose Sugar prefd i-i I
4.135 International Paper _■ 4
200 International Paper prefd 76%
1,000 Laclede Gas 66
800 National Biscuit 451
- Biscuit prefd 101%
450 National Lead 30>i
National Lead prefd 110%
2,050 National Steel -3
100 National Steel prefd 87%
275 New V.irk Air Brake 157
2,660 North American , 12*4
200 Pacific Coast 4514
Pacific Coast first prefd 84
400 Pacific Coast second prefd 644
2.165 Pacific Mail 424 j
7.020 People's Gas 116% i
1.460 Pressed Steel Car sS>i
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd 89%
Pullman Palace Car 163
5.157 Republic Steel .' 29%
1,065 Republic Steel prefd 744
215 Standard Rope & Twine 74 i
19,460 Sugar 151
100 Sugar prefd ]17 i
13.M5 Tennessee Coal & Iron 122 !
44,880 United States Leather 12 !
7.660 United States Leather prefd 76%
1,000 United States Rubber 45% ;
United States Rubber prefd 115
1.400 Western Union 89% i
568,900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s reg 100% M. X & T 4s 94%
Do 3s reg 108% N V Cent lsts 111 14
Do 3s coup 108% IN Carolina 6s 130
Do new 4s reg. .130 iN Carolina 4s 104%
Do new 4s coup.l3o Nor Pacific 15t5. ..113 I
Do old 4s reg 111% Nor Pacific 35..... 66% ■
Do old 4s c0up... 113 Nor Pacific 4s 10.i' 4
Do 5s reg 111% N V, C & S L 4S.IOS' i
Do 58 coup 1114! Nor & W con 45.. 96%
Dist of Col 3 655..117 Nor & W gen 65. . .1:1;,
Alabama, Class A. 109% Or Nay Ist.s 113% 1
Do, class B 108 Or Nay 4s 102 i
Do, doss C 103 Or S Line Cs 128
Do, currency ...100 Or S Line con 55. .113%
Atchison gen 4s. ..102 Mi 'Reading gen 4s .. 87%
Atchisan adj 4f 87 Rio Q W Ist* 98%
Can So 2nds 108 B L & I m con 55.113U
Ches & Ohio 4%5. SST»S L & S F gen 68.124%
Ches & Ohio 5s US .St Paul cons 173%
Chi & N con 75.... 145 St P, Chi & P 15.121 "
Chicago Term 45.. 98% St P. Chi & Pac 55121
Den & Rio G 15..106%j50 Railway 5s 109%
Den & Rio G 45... £9% Stan R & T 6s &4
E Term. Va & Ga Term new settle
lsts 103% ment 3s 95
Erie Gen 4s 71% Tex & Pac lsts. 114%
Gen Electric 5s — 116 iTex & Pac 2nds... 54 :
a H & SA 6s 108 Union Pac 4s 104
G H & S A 2nd5..108 IWabash lsts 11C
H & Tex Cent 55. 11 l ; Wabash 2nds 100%
HAT Cent con CslU West Shore 4s ...HI
lowa Cent lsts 116 Wis Cent lsts 77 i
Kans C, P & G Is 71% Va Centuries 86% :
La new cons 45. ..106 iVa deferred R I
L & n unified 45.100 C & S 4s 55%
M. X & T 2nd5.... 70% 1
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 40 Ontario 7 00 I
Crown Point 20'Ophlr 1 00
Con Cal & Va 1 GO, Plymouth 12 j
Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 2 00 i
Gould & Curry.... 25 Do prefd' 7 50;
Hale & Norcross.. 27 Sierra • Nevada ... 72 :
Homestake 65 00 Sandard 80
Iron Silver 53 ' Union Con 36 '
Mexican , 45; Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I West End 95
Call loans .4(351 Do prefd 111% j
Tim- loans 4@5 West Elec 47 j
Stocks — Do prefd .-... I
A ten. X & S Fe... 21 Wle Central 17% j
Do prefd 61% Bonds —
Amer Sugar 151%jAtchlson 4a 100
Do prefd 118 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone 357 Adventure 7
Boston At Albany.. Allouez Mining Co 6
Boston Elev ICB% 'Atlantic 27
Boston & Maine.. .2oo Boston & Mont 337
Chi, Bur & Q...... 13% Butte & Boston... 64
Ed Elec, 111 205 'Calumet & Hecla.77s
Fitchburg prefd 2 Centennial 33',i
Gen Electric 123 j Franklin 17%
Federal Steel 59 Humboldt 2% !
Do prefd 81% Osceola ..' 84
Mexican Cent 16 Parrot 4S
Mich Telephone.... 99% Quincy 156
Old Colony 208 Santa Fe Copper.. 13%
Did Dominion 31% Tamarack 211
Rubber 48% Winona 9%
Union Pacific 45% Wolverines 45
Union Land 6 Utah 38
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— Money on call, easier,
at 2@7% per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4Vi@s per cent. Sterling ex- i
change weak, with actual business In bankers' I
bills at $4 55%@4 m for demand and at $4 82'/s'^
$4 82% for CO days; pouted rates, $4 S3H@4 84 and
J4 87<g>4 87%: commercial bills. $4 &Ha; silver
certificates. 59f/;.y\c: bar silver, 59c;. Mexican
dollars, 47Vjc; Government bonds, steady; State
bonds, Inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.— T0-day's state
ment ct the condition of the treasury shows:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899.
Available cash balance, $253,200,910; gold re
serve, $286,386,876.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were cheerful to-day on
Mr, Chamberlain's dispatch to the Transvaal
which is regarded as bringing the Boers' sur
render near. Americans were quite strong
until New York sales caused an afternoon re
lapse. The close was dull. The general con
tango rate was 5Vi. finally 4'j. On St. Paul
and Central Pacific it was rbeaper. Tintoa
46%: Anacondas. 11 5-16. The bank bought
£4.5,00 d K old in bars. This week's outflow was
£426,000. The bank did a rair business in
three-months' paper at 3%.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 13— CanacUwi Pacific. 99£:
Union Pacific preferred, 80 7 «; Northern Pa
cific preferred, 77% ; Atchiscn, 21%; Grand
Trunk, SH ; Anaconda, HVj. Bar silver, steady;
27 3-16 d per ounce. Money, 2 per cent.
A r^7X' York Grain and Produce.
j NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— TJJOVR— Receipts.
! 19,613 barrels; exports. 6587 barrels. Fairly ac
; tlve and firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 161,700 bushels; exports,
48,3:>3 bushels. Spot— Steady: No. 2 red, 74% c,
! f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79% c, f.
o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 81%0 to
| arrive; No. 2 red. U%c elevator. Options opened
steady at %c lower, under unfavorable cables
| and lack of outside support. It rallied %c on
■ the September flurry at Chicago, causing coy
: erlng here without inc.rea.sing general interest,
i The close was firm at a partial net ad
vance. May. 75%i@79' l e, closed 79Vic; Septem
ber, 7294@73%c, closed 734 c; December, 75%@)
"6V*c. closed 764 c.
U< IPS— Steady.
W< lOL— Steady.
METALS— A lirmer ruling of spelter was the
leading feature of interest In the market for
metals to-day. The other departments were
Inactive and devoid of important changes. The
news from outside markets was not radically
different from expectations. At the close the
Met.tl Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, dull and nominal, at
$17.
LAKK POPPER- Very quiet, at $18 50.
TlN— Steady, with sellers at $32 SO.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 60 bid and $4 62' i
I asked.
SPELTER— Firmer, with $5 55 bid and $5 65
! asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper $1' 50.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, net un
changed prices. Sales 10,000 bags, Including:
September, $4 15; October, $4 20; December,
: $4 60; March, $4 65; July, $4 BO@4 85; August,
,$4 90. Spot coffee— Rio dull and nominal. Mild
continue! quiet and featureless.
; Alt- Raw, quiet, with prices more or less
nominal. Kenned quiet, buyers awaiting trade
: and developments.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2540 packages; steady.
Western creamery, ls'S23c; June creamery, 184
j ©220: factory. 1?. • •
EGGS Rei elpi 5906 i>nckrvges; strong. West
i crn ungraded at mark. 13@16c.
California Dried Frmts.
NEW YORK, Sent. 13.— California dried
fruits. Quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7%c;
j prime wire tray, BVi@S%c; choice, £%@9c;
fancy, 959% c.
PRUNES- 3%@Bc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 14c; Moorpark, 14@16c.
PEACHES— S@ll%c.
& ! — »
Chicago Grain Market.
« *
! CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Wheat opened very dull
j and weak, September at %c decline and De
| cember %c below yesterday's close. The bull
! ishness caused by the Government report had
I entirely disappeared. Foreign markets were
j weak and lower and local and Northwest re
j ceipts were heavy. The market, with those
conditions prevailing, was apparently in a ses
sion of dullness and further decline. But
shortly after the opening some sharp bidding
for September brought to light a condition of
! affairs in that option that indicated a war
1 among prominent elevator Interests for cash
: wheat, with the Weares and Peavey on one
side and Armour on the other. In August,
when September was 2%®2%C under December,
Weare and Peavey are said to have changed
a large line, selling December and buying Sep
tember. Armour held the bulk of the cash
wheat and Is said to have sold In the expecta
tion of getting a larger carrying charge later.
Instead, however, the difference has steadily
narrowed, and efforts to-day on the part of
shorts to cover a rather small line were unsuc
cessful. Then prices began to Jump. The mar
ket suddenly became very active, with big and
little shorts bidding for September wheat but
securing little until the price had Jumped from
the opening figure of 70% cto 72'i(g72%c. At
that price elevator people holding the wheat
let go in sufficient quantities to relieve the
pressure, but the evident unwillingness of
longs to sell except at enhanced values made
the shorts decidedly nervous and kept the mar
ket stirred up during the entire session. The
strength of September put shorts in the more
deferred futures on the anxious seat also, and
business in December and May was active all
day, with a steady advance in values. Sep
tember reacted to 71 7 and closed at that price.
December opened at 70%<g70%c and advanced to
71% C, where It closed.
Corn was strong, though not especially active.
The strength of wheat was a factor early, and
later the good cash demand and some pros
pects of frost to-night stiffened the market still
more. September was especially strong. De
cember closed %<fi '4c higher and September
'■/a r up.
Heavy selling by longs caused a Blight de
cline in oats. The market early was firm, but
liquidation, which • became general, made a
heavy market later. December closed a shade
lower.
Provisions were weak early on a fairly liberal
run of hogs, but rallied later on the strength
of wheat and on the excellent cash demand.
There was a cessation of the recent selling and
the general demand Improved. At the close
October pork was 5c higher, lard 10c higher
and ribs 2%«?5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 704 72% 70% 71%
December 70% 71% 70% 71%
May "3% 74% 73% 74'<
Corn No. —
September 31% 31% 30% 31%
December 28% 25% 28% 28%
May 28%, 29% 29^ 29%
Oats No. 2—
September 21% 21% 21% 21V;
December 20% 21% 20% 20%
May 22% 22 2254 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
October 7 92% 805 7 92% 805
December '. 8 02% 8 17% 8 02% 8 174
January 9 47% 960 9 47% 955
Lai per 100 pounds—
October 5 22% 6 324 5 22% 5 32%
December 530 5 37% 530 6 37%
January 540 5 47% 540 5-174
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October 5 17% 5 224 5 17% 5 22%
January 465 4 97% 495 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67c; No 2
red, 72%®72%c; No. 2 corn, 31% c; No. 2 oats.
22®22%c: No, 2 white, 23%@24%c; No. 3 white.
23#24c; No. 2 rye. 56%@57c; No. 2 barley, 36©
43c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 06%; prime timothy seed,
$2 20; mess pork, per barrel. $7 2')@B 05; lard,'
per 100 pounds, $5 17%0'S 30; short ribs sides
(loose). $5 1095 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed)
$6(g6 124; short clear sides (boxed), $5 Bo@6 60;
■whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon
$1 22. _j£.
Articles— \ Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels 24.01K) 13.000
Wheat, bushels 179,000 19,000
Corn, bushels 1,039,000 130,0 iK)
Oats, bushels 720.000 857.000
Rye. bushels 14,000 1.000
Barley, bushels 122.000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery, 16@22c; dairy, 13iJ7i
l«c. Cheese, easier, ll@ll%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14%@14%c.
+ j — *
Foreign Futures.
« ■ -♦■
LIVERPOOL!.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar
Opening 5 B'4 5 10«4. 6 0U ,
Closing 6 B'i 5.10% 6
PARIS.
Wheat— ' Sept. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 19 50 20 45
Closing 19 35 20 30
Flour-
Opening 26 43 27 20,
Closing 26 20 27 00
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. CATTLE— of the
strictly choice cattle offered to-day sold early at
■■•■;-''. - - ■. ' - ■
strong prices, but ordinary lots ruled weak and j
about 10c lower. Good to choice Cattle. $5 70<?i ,
6 70; commoner grades. $4 20Cn5 60; stockers and I
feeders, $4 20®4 95: bulls, cows and heifers,
$1 86@5 40; Texas steers. $3 50@4 25; rangers,
$4@E 30: calves. $4 25fT7 75.
HOGS — There was an improved demand for
Hogs nnd prices ruled firm and 5c higher.
Heavy Hogs $4's'-4 60; mixed lots, $4 20®4 65,
an.l light. ' $4 3C*a4 70; pigs, $3 50@4 50; culls. 1
$2@4 10.
SHEEP— The market for Sheep and Lambs :
was easier, offerings being too heavy for the 1
demand. Sheep sold mostly at $4® 4 15, a few |
choice native wethers bringing .$4 40; Lambs,
J4 75©6 25 for ordinary to choice.
Receipts— Cattlo, I6.nnfl: Hogs, 28.000; Sheep,
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Sent. 13— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market is very active and strong. Several of
the largest mills have been represented in the
market during the past week and they have
contracted for hutre blocks of wool, covering
a number of varieties and grades. Large lines
of Territories have b<?en taken in million
round lots and over, one house reporting a
sale nf 2.000,000 pounds and a sale of 1.500.000,
while several others report large transactions,
aggregating in each case a half million pounds
or more. Fleeces have been in large movement
and the demand for pulled wools also has im
proved. A decidedly better demand for me
dium wools is noted. In addition to the busi
ness reported as having been consummated,
there has been an almost unprecedented inquiry
for sample bags, which it is believed will result
in further large transactions in the course of a
week or two. Prices continue strong, with an
upward tendency. The sales of the week in
Boston amounted to 8.4G1.6C0 pounds domestic
and 4.55.000 foreign, making a total of 8,056.600,
against a total of 6,648,500 for the previous
week and a total of 2,376,000 for the correspond
ing week last year.
Sales since January 1. I SS9 . amount to 200,
--334.100 pounds, against 52,180,010 pounds last
year at this time.
California Fruit Sales.
Porter Brothers' Company sales of California
fruit:
NEW YORK, Sept. 13— Grapes— Tokay, $1 160
175 half crate. Pears— Bartlett, 50c^T$3 15 box;
Doy dv Cornice, $2 70®3 15; Columbia, $2; B.
Diel, $2. Peaches— Sal way, 90c@$l 20 box; Ple
quett, 90e?m 05; Crawford, 90C(f?l 10; George's
Late, $1 05^1 10; Lev! Cling, $1 05. Prunes—
Hungarian $1 70®2 half crate. Plums— Egg,
65c(ff$l 15 half crate; Kelsey, $1 35W1 60 half
crate Fifteen cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13.— Pears— Bartlett, $1 3<V?J
2 25 box and 65c@$l 15 half box; Beurre Hardy,
$1 25@1 65 box; Heurre Cl.alregeau, $1050155.
Peaches— Salway. 85c@$l box. Quinces— 6oc®
$1 13 box Prunes— German, $1 15 half crate;
French 90c. Grapes— Tokay, 80cff$l 30 half
crate; Muscat 66®70c; Malaga, 66@95c; Ulack
Prince, 65c; Damascus, 6:g-95c. Thirteen car 3
sold to-day. ■
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 13.— Clearings. $299,
--| IS2; balances, $31,879.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 13.— "Wheat— Walla
Walla. 6SJiSOc; valley, COrafilc; blue stem, 61
©C2c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 13.— Wheat — Unchanged;
club, 5Sc; blue stem, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Sept. 13.— Consols, 105%; silver,
27 3-lfid; French rentes, lOOf r<24c; wheat car
goes off coast, buyers indifferent operators;
cargoes on passage, rather easier; English
country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 13— Wheat, dull; wheat
In Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 17-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
dull. 5s C! r^: No. 1 Northern spring, dull,
I, Futures, dull; September, 5s SVid;
December, 5s 10% d; March, 6s.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, 3s 4%d;
American mixed, old, quiet. 3s 4\d. Futures,
quiet: September, 3a 4%d; October, 3s 4T*d;
November. 3s 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
I Exchange and Bullion.
'■ Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
. '■ Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
1 New York Exchange, sight — 12%
• New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
; Mexican Dollars 48 48%
I Fine Silver, per ounce — 59
L ! "
; Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— market continued flat at un
' changed quotations.
• 1 Foreign advices and heavy receipts depressed
' ■ the Chicago market, though there were more
buyers than sellers at the decline. Weare &
; Peavy were reported to have Armour short.
i ; The weekly Government report says that Ore
gon and Washington conditions have greatly
' improved.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $102%@103%; milling.
: $1 07%@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
I Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— ctls.
$1 15%.
Second Session No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo
ctls. $1 10%; 2000, $1 10-%; 40,000, $1 10»i. May—
, 2000. $1 15%.
! Afternoon May— 4ooo ctls, $1 15%. De
i cember— l2.ooo. Jl 10%.
BARLEY— Stagnation still characterizes the
, market, and quotations are more or less noml
; nal.
Feed. 80®83%c; Brewing, 90@95c; Chevalier,
j ?1 10<al 22% per ctl.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock No sales.
Second Session — No pales.
Regular Morning Session — sales.
I Afternoon Session— No sales.
! OATS— The market is weak and excessively
dull at the decline. White. $1 05©l 17%; Red,
$1 OSOI 12%; Black. 90®97%c per ctl.
CORN— Eastern Large Yellow, $105- White
and mixed, $1 02%©l 05 per ctl.
. RYE— 90«92%0 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The China *tramer took out 15,332 barrels of
Flour.
j FLOUR— California family extras, $3 <!o<?3 75,
I usual terms; bilkers' extras, $3 40ff3 60; Oregon
! and Washington, $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra,
$3 25© 340 for bakers' and J2 25^3 for super
: fine.
MIL LSTT'FFS -Prices In sacks are as fol
-1 lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 rbs: Rye Flour. $2 7.'.: Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; e\
■ tra ("ream Cornmeal, $3 28; Oatmeal. Jl .-,111, 1 7;,,
Oat Groats, $4 7.v. Hominy. $a S6OB 60; Buck
wheat Flour, $4fi4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Fartnn, $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
fiats (barrels). $6 55f5G 9-">; In sacks, $6 ::.".<i>'. 7.'.;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
i $5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran and Middlings continue firm at un
changed prices.
Receipts of Hay suddenly fell off, but the
I market showed no Improvement. The circular
;of Somers & Co. says: "Matters continue
along in a peculiarly uninteresting condition,
' especially as much of the Hay now arriving is
; of a medium grade rather than what might
; be termed good or choice, as has been noted
quite freely on the market during the months
of July and August. In a few districts, where
pressing was commenced early, the fields are
about cleaned, although In many other places
they are not more than half through with
threshing and baling. Warehouses are filling
rapidly all over the country, although In many
places it will be well into October before all
the available space Is filled. There has been
! some little Inquiry on the market during the
| past week for Hay for shipment south, but the
I small difference in the range of prices between
the Los Angeles market and the San Francisco
i market does not allow any shipments there for
the present, at least. The general inquiry is
for Barley Hay, which is not very plentiful
and which sells very slowly on the San Fran
cisco market. We think that during the winter
rome Hay will be shipped south from this mar
ket, but the demands for the Los Angeles and
San Diego markets will hardly be enough to
make any appreciable effect on our market or
prices here."
BRAN— SIS 60017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17 snfJl!> 50 per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $IS@IS 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@25: jobbing,
$28 60029; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; CornmeaJ,
$23 KNfj)24 50; Cracked Corn. {244936; Mixed Feed.
Sl6ff/lC 60; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $6 50©S 50 for common to good
and $9f?9 25 for choice: Wheat and Oat, Sfi@
18 50: Oat, $6@7 50; Barley, $5©7; Island Barley.
$6@S 50; Alfalfa, $5 Bo®7 per ton; Compressed,
, $6 6009. -~
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A decline in Blackeye Beans I« the only
change to note.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 65<gl 75; Small White,
$2 oVi<Tr2 17%: Large White, $1 60@l 75: Pinks,
$2 lD(g2 25; Reds, $4; Blackeye, $3; But
ters, nominal; Limas, $4 ]U; Pea, $2 15@2 25;
Red Kidneys, $2 2,")*j2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 24®3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal: Flax, $1 wa2 10; Canary Seed,
2^ft3c per lt> for' California and 3'^c for East
ern; Alfalfa. 8". ,'«:<>..(•: Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4Vs;c; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 50; Green, $1 60
@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was no chanpe in Potatoes and Onions,
though the feeling was rather steadier.
Tomatoes were firmer, and choice Corn also
did better, but most of the receipts were dry
and poor. Squash and Cucumbers were firmer.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 75igS0c; Early
Rose, 50<nG0c; Burbanks, 60@70c per ctl; Sali
nas Burbanks, SOCrJI 15; Sweet Potatoes, $l?i@
2Vic per Ib.
ONIONS— TOWRoc per ctl for Sllverskins;
Pickle Onions, 60tfS76c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c per lt>;
String Beans, l@2c; Lima Beans. l@2c: Cab
bage, sO<go<Jc; River Tomatoes. 25ff35c: Alameda
Tomatoes. 25<ff5Qe; Egg Plant, 30 l 5"40c; Green
Okra, 40<fi60c per box; Garlic. 2ffi3c; Green Pep
pers. 25f<3r.c for Chill and 26®35c per box for
Bell; Carrots. So@4oc per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
So@4oc; Pickles. }\ Wtil 1;, per ctl for No. 1 and
75c tor No. 2: Summer .Squash, 25@36c; Slarrow
fat Squash. SStilO per ton; Green Corn. 40@70c
per sack, 50c@J1 per crate for Alameda and
40<a50c for» Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Young stock continuea weak and dull. The
other descriptions stand about the same. The
Market is well supplied.
Game Is firm under slender supplies.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14<?il5e for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Young Turkeys,
16@lSc; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 50®2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4® 5 for
young; Hens. $3 iniQo 50 ; young Roosters, $4@5;
old Roosters, $4'? M 50; Fryers, $3 50; Broil
ers, $3 for large, $2 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 26(51 50 per dozen for old and $1 5W&2
for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 75c per dozen; Grouse, $7;
Sage Hens. $4 50^5; Mountain Quail, $3; Hare,
$1@125; Rabbits, $1 25i@l 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs are both weak, with sellers
making concessions to effect sales. The top
quotation for Kggs Is now extreme. The feeling
In Cheese ie also weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, 25c; seconds, 24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 224(?23c; good to choice, 21©
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roil. 20921 c; firkin, 19@21c; cream
ery tub. 21fi22c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lie; old, 10
@10% c; ioung America, ll®114c; Eastern,
14(5 15c.
EGGS- Quoted at 21ff25c for store and 27ig"30c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 224@24c for se
lected, 20@21c for No. 1 and 17@19c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Some descriptions of Grapes are doing better.
Wine Grapes are being inquired after, and as
high as $16 is bid In the country, but the grow
ers are asking $18@20.
Orchard fruits are gradually getting scarcer,
and prices are steady for most kinds . There are
a good many white Figs on the market.
Limes have again advanced.
DECIDUOUS Fruits—
Apples, 35<g60c per box for common and 75c
f. 1 Jl for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $4®4 50 per chest;
Strawberries, $7(gS per chest for small and $2
ra4 for large berries: Raspberries, $3@4 per
chest; Huckleberries, B@Bc per Ib.
Grapes. 20(ji30c per box and crate for Fon
talnebleau. 20©40 c for black, 40@63c for Muscat,
30@50c for Tokay. 75<S?S5c for Seedless, 40(&7oc
for Cornichen and 85c@$l for Isabellas; Wine
Grapes. $IS£i2o per ten.
Watermelons, $s<?*l7 per 100.
Cantaloupes— 2sig7sc per crate; Nutmegs, 10®
30c per box.
Pears,. Bartlntt, $1 25@1 50 per box for No. 1
and 75c®$3 for No. 2; in bulk, $35060 per ton.
Figs, 50@76c per box for double layers of
black and 2n'535c for white.
Peaches, 35@75c per box; in bulk, $20535 per
ton.
Plums, 40(g60c per box; Prunes, 40@60c per
crate.
Quinces. 40@60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, %\OX 75 for com
mon and $2@2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $7 50@8; California Limes, nominal;
Bananas. $1 50©! 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $1@
2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The quotations for Pears In yesterday's Issue
were wrong. They should have read as below.
The feeling was steadier yesterday, and the
demand was good at unchanged quotations.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks, 5%c for 40-50's. 4%c for 50-60 - 3?ie for
60-70's, 3@3&c for 70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2%.
@2T»C for 90-100's; Apricots, Italic for Royals, |
14@15c for Moorparks and 12@12Hc for Blen- j
heims; Peaches. 4'&4 1 for Standards. s@sVic |
for choice and 6c for fancy; peeled Peaches, j
10011 c: Evaporated Apples. 6(if6V4c; Sun-dried, i
4@sc per lb: Nectarines, 7 1 -»'iiSc per lb for
red and S'SOc for white; Pears, s@7c for quar
ters and 7fi9c for halves; Black Figs. 3c; White :
Figs. Cnhi-i-; Plums, 5%@6c for dark and 7@
vie for bleached. •■ • .v
KAISINS— 3%o for two-crown. 4^4c for three
crown, '•%<• for four-crown, *H@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3'/>c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for Ivondon "Layers; Dried Grapes, 4 ®3c.
XUTS— Walnuts, sffße for hardshell. 10(i?12c
for softshell; Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
liii..'./ ip..c for paper shell. B@9c for soft and
41T5c for hard shell; Peanuts, s»i!s6?ic for
Eastern: Brazil Nuts, BH@9c; Filberts, 110
HV4c; Pecans, 7Vi®Bc; Cocoanuts, $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, llHc for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7>4@7%c;
light amber extracted, fi'AW7c; dark, 5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@2Gc per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, S%c per lb for
heavy, 9(g'9Hc for light medium, lie for light,
124 c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 134 c; California
Hams. 13c; Mesa Beef. $13 per bbl; extra
Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear, $16 50; mess,
$15@15 50; Smoked Reef. 12c per lb.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 54<?T5% t c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure: half barrels, pure,
7%c; 10-lb tins, Sic; r.-lh tins. B%e
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6vs<g74c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10<gl0%c; medium, 9519^c; light, 9c;
Cowhides. 9c; Stags. Cc; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
].!<•; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins. yearlings, 205?30c each: short
Wool, 35 'r 60c each'; medium, 70990 c; long Wool,
90c®fl 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, tUSa 25 for
large and $1 25*71 60 for small; Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4V£<ijr>c per lb; No.
2, *HiV~.c; refined, — : grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL — ring Clips San Joaquin and
Southern. 7 months. 8@llc: San Joaquln.Foot
hills, defective. B®9c: Valley Oregon, 17018 c;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9<£U>£c
for fnlr to pood.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs, 8<f?10c: do
plains. 7<ffSc: San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7H@9c.
HOPS— New are nominal at ll<Sl3c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7@7Vie; Wool
Bags, 26928 c; Fruit Bags, 5V4c 5%c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7%c for
bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
}«; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 60;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, }S per ton; Hock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 CO; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. u'.jo; Pow
dered, s'/tc; Candy Granulated, sVfcc: Dry Gran
ulated, fie; Confectioners' A, 56; California A,
— . Magnolia A. 4%e; Extra C. 4',.4c: Golden C,
4%c; barrels, l-16c more; half barrels, Vie more;
boxes, %c more; 50-lb bags, %C more. No or
der taken for less than 75 barrels or its equiv
alent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5%c; boxes, tic
per lb.
COAL OTL— Has again advanced V&c, as fol
lows: Water White Coal Oil. in hulk. !2'.(-;
Pearl Oil, in cases, lSV£c; Astral, 18^c: Star,
ISHc: Extra Star, 22% c; Elaine. 23&; Eocene,
20V4c per gallon. <A;-.- v
San Francisco Meat Market
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6V4©7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7&10 c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7<??7 1 Ewes, 6@€&c per
pound
LAMB-Spring. B©B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%®6%C for small. Cc for
medium and 5V4®5%0 for large: stock hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs, 7<fiS}4e.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.
Flour, qr sks 7.9S3|Llme, bbls 91
Wheat, ctls 2,4001 Pelts. bdls 73
Barley, '-tls 15,530 Broom Corn, bdls 200
Oats, ctls 1,940 Wool, bags 273
Butter, ctls 242 Hides, no 225
Cheese, ctls 214 1 Wine, gals 23,660
Tallow, ctls Brandy, gals 1,040
Beans, sks .... f.l| Leather, r0115.... 85
Potatoes, sks 2.G71 Hops, ba1e5....... So
Onions, sks 501 Eggs, doz 8,640
Bran, sks 43,"i Straw, tons 15
Middlings, sks.... 211 Hay, tons 260
Sugar, 5k5...:.... : 365 Quicksilver, flsks 55
Sugar, bbls 3,4901
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were again lower, with a small
business. Une. telegram from the pump said:
"At 6:30 this morning the water was 34 feet
below the 1950-foot level station. No. 1 ele
vator has been running continuously. The
work of taking out elevator No. 2 is progress
ing successfully and rapidly."
The l'otosi assessment falls delinquent in of
fice to-day, and the Chollar delinquent sale
also takes place.
Securities were active on the morning session
and quite an assortment of stocks was dealt In.
Hawaiian Commercial sold at J85@97.
The April Fool mm.- at De Lamar, Lincoln
County, Nev., has declared a dividend of 1
cent per share, or S."' I'lo.1 ' 1 0.
■\ shipment of $17,000 in bullion from the Dex
ter mine at Tuacarora, Elko County, Nev., rep
resenting eleven days' run, has been made to
Salt Lake.
The uakland Gas Company will pay a divl
dend of -."> cents per share on the 15th.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone companies
will pay the usual monthly dividends on
the 15th.
The Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Company j
will pay a dividend of 25 cents per share on j
the 2uth.
The ?K<o 000 bonus to be paid by the twenty- :
seven companies to the Truckee River General
Electric Company is to be held in escrow and
the electric company will give bonds as secur- i
Ity. When the mining companies begin to take ;
the power the money is to be rebated in pay- ]
ment therefor. The companies will contribute ;
the $100,000 in the following percentages: Con
solidated California and Virginia, 15 per cent, j
or $15, TOO; Sierra Nevada, Union Consolidated,
Mexican Ophir, Best and neither, Gould and !
Curry Savage, Chollar. Potosl, Crown Point,
Belcher and Yellow Jacket, 7% per cent, or $7500
each; Hale and Norcross, 5 per cent, or $5000; '
Confidence, Caledonia and Occidental Consoli- |
dated, IV per cent, or $1000 each; Utah Con
solidated," Andes, Bullion, Alpha Consolidated,
Con. Imperial, Challenge Con., Seg. Belcher.
Overman, Alta and Justice, 1 per cent each, or
$1000. The total of these percentages amounts
to 124^. per cent, or $124,500. The bonus is not
to be "paid all at once, but through a long j
period in easy installments.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 13—2 p. m.
Bib.Ask. Bid.Ask.
is quar coup.. 112% — Mutual El Co.. 16% IT
4s quar reg.... — — D G L & H.. 49 49%
4a new quar... — 181 Vi Pac Gas Imp. — 66
!3s quar coup..loß%loS Pac L. Co 40 42
Miscellaneous— 5F G & E.... 66 67 I / i
Cal-st Cab 55.115 — ; San Fran 3% 3-? i
C C Wat 55... — 110*4' Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 6b.. 130 — | Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. 114% — |Firem's Fund. 22s —
Geary-st H ss. — 95 Bank Stocks—
HC & S 5%5. 107V> — Anglo-Cal .... 65 — -.
L A Ry 55....107%105V<. Bank of Ca1..282%283
L A LCo 65.. 89 — Cal SD & T.. — 93
do gtnd «s.. 99 — I First Nationl.234 —
do gntd 55.. — 100 Lon P & A.... 128 —
Market-st .126% — ! Mer Exchange— 16
do Ist M 55. 115% — Nev Nat 8k..152%19U
N C N G R7s.ft.O — i Savings Banks—
NR of Cal 65. 114 — Ger S &. L..1650 —
NR cf Cal 58.115% — Hum S & L.1060 1160
NPC R R 6a. 105% - Vlut Say Bk. 39Vi 42%
NPC R R 55. 105 107 B F Say 1.'... 500 —
N Cal R H 55. 11 l — Say & L So. — 82%
OGL & H 55. 110% — ! Sec Say Bk. — 300
Dak Trans .111 111% Union T '0.1400 1440
Dm C Ry 65..12S 130 Street Railroads —
P& Cl Ry 65.106%100 California ....120 —
Pk &O Ky (is. 115 — Geary 50 —
Powell-st R65.118 — Market-st .... 62% 62%
Sac El G<fcßss — — Oak SL& H. — 10
SF & N.P 55. 114 llt'i Presidio 15 —
S F & a JV55.115%116 Powder —
S Ry of Cal 65108% — California ....150 165
SPof A 65.... 112 113^E Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 6s(1305)lll% — 3iant Con Co. 76% 76%
! S P C 65(1906>— 114% -Vigorit 2% —
' S P C 65(1912)122 — :Hana P C 0.... 15 15%
SPCIs eg ss. 102% — , Haw C&S C. 86% —
, 3 P Br 88 125 125%: Hutch S P Co 31% 31%
3 V Wat 65.. 113 115 KUauea S C... — :<1
3 V Wat 45. .1044410*% Makaweli S C. 51% 51%
3 V W 45(3dm)101% — lOnomea s C... m —
Stktn Gas Bs.. — — iPaahau S Co.. 38 —
Water Stocks— ■ | Miscellaneous —
Contra Costa.. 75% 75 1 - Al Pac A55n.,117%118 !
Marln County. Ml — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100 - I
Spring Valley. lo2 102% Oceanic S Co. 88% —
Gas and Electric— Pac AF A l\ —
?ent L & P... 5% 6% Pac C Bor Co. 140 142%
Eqult G L Co. 3% — Par Paint Co. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
85 Alaska Packers' Association 117 75 i
25 Contra Costa Water 75 50
20 Giant Powder Con 76 00
10 Giant Powder Con, cash 76 00
--10 Giant Powder Con 75 87%
116 Han:'. Plantation Co 15 00
25 Hana Plantation Co, cash 15 00
10 Hawaiian Com'] & Sugar 95 00
10 Hawaiian Com'! & Sugar 95 .'•0
20 Hawaiian Com'l it Sugar 96 00
35 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 50 !
20 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 66 75
75 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 97 00
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 37%
320 Makaweli Sugar Co 5123
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 89 00
300 Onomea Sugar Co 39 00
5 Paauhau S P Co 38 50
50 Paauhau S P Co, b 30 38 50
2.". Paauhau S P Co.; 3S 12%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash C 7 00 '
5 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 3 67 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 67 00 -
350 Vigor! Powder 275
200 Vigorlt Powder 2 87%
Street—
$3000 Northern Railway of Cal os 115 50
$22,000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 75
35 Spring Valley Water 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 75 50
20 Giant Powder Con 76 00
50 Giant Powder Con 76 12%
CO Giant Powder Con 76 25
5 Giant Powder Con, cash 76 25
310 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 50
50 Hawaiian ( 'r,m'l & Sugar 96 25
40 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 00
5 Market Street Railway 62 62% [ '
100 Mutual Electric Light, b 10 17 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 38 25
5 Spring Valley Water 102 00 j
Street—
$5000 S P Branch Railway 6s 125 50 I
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
$5000 California Street Cable 5s 115 25
25 Giant Powder Con 75 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 15 37**
30 Onomea Sugar Co 38 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
FO Equitable Gas 4 25
25 Giant Powder Con 7". SO
100 liana Plantation Co 15 25
100 Mutual Electric Light it; 57«4
20 Spring- Valley Water 102 00
100 Vlgorit Powder '. 2 &V&
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 35 200 Potosi 52
100 Best & Belcher 52 300 Potosi 61
50 Caledonia 70 100 Savage 30
100 Chollar 42! 100 Yellow Jacket.. 29
300 Hale & Norcrs. 30 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 06 100 Con Cal & Va..l 66
100 Andes 15 800 Gould & Curry. 29
I so Best & Belcher 51 300 Hale & Norcrs. 3)
200 Caledonia 89 200 Utah 13
100 Chollar 42; 100 Yellow Jacket.. 29
' Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 31 600 Potosi SI
100 Caledonia 69 | 200 Savage 30'
200 Crown Point... 20 200 Savage 29
200 Gould & Curry. 30 &00 Sierra Nevada. 76
Ophir 1 05 1 10 300 Union Con 41
50 Ophir 106 200 Union Con 42
Afternoon Session.
660 Best & Belcher 50! 300 Potosi 50
700 Best & Belcher 61 1 200 Sierra Nevada. 76
COO Con Cad & Va..l «5: 200 Union Con 41
150 Confidence 73 200 Utah 14
400 Crown Point... 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. :
WEDNESDAY, September 13— p. m. j
Bid. Ask. i ' Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 06 Justice 10 13
Alta ...' 06 06 1 Ken tuck 03 05
Andes , ;14 16! Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 33 85 Mexican 46 4?
Best & Belcher 60 51 Occidental 23 25 I
Bullion 06 OS Ophir .10 110 '■
Caledonia 6S Overman 13 14 ;
Chollar 42 48 1 Potosl 50 51 1
Challenge Con.. — 38 Savage 29 30 j
Confidence 75 SO Scorpion 02 —I
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 6.". Seg Belcher.... 03 06 I
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 75 70
Crown Point... 20 21iSllver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 07
Eureka Con.:.. — 50 Standard • — 290
Exchequer ..... — 03. St Louis — 10
3ould ft Curry. 29 30 Union Con 41 42
Hale A Norcrs. 80 31 1 Utah 12 14 i
Julia 02 Yellow Jacket.. 2s 30
THE CALL CALENDAR.
-"'' September. 1899.
Su. Mo Tu. We Th Fr. |Sa. Moon'* Phases.
. _ 1 i ' /^\ New Mooi.
| | W .Sept. 4.
, W .Sept. 4.
Jj *__£.__ L _i ' -^Prst Quarter.
10 T Fa "3 14 15 18 9 ' Septj 12-
1 — * |/^v Full Mo-m,
* /O, Full Moan,
_L. JL '__. 20 __1 22. '__. (V) Sept. :9.
*24 j 25 28 I 27 28 29 30 \fr Last Quarter'
24 25 26 27 28 29 30 ft Las*. Quarter'
I ■ l'«- Soot. -«.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN FRANCISCO LIGHT-VESSEL, CALI
FORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that on or about Sep
tember 20. 1899, Light-vessel No. 70 will be
temporarily withdrawn from her station, oft
tlie entrance to San Francisco Harbor, about
3Vi miles outside the bar, for repairs, and hei
station will be marked by a first-class can
buoy, painted black and marked ' 'Light- Vessel
Moorings" in white.
The llght-vesßl will be returned to her sta
tion about October 5, 1599, or as soon there
after as practicable.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Foe-Signals. Pacific roast, 1599," page 12, No.
20, and the ■List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1895," page 1".
By order of the Lighthouse Roard.
U. SEBREE.
Commander. IT. S. N .
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
« ; — — ■ v
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Par
Francisco Bay. Published by official au.
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.
Sun rises 5:50
Sun sets 6:19
Moon sets 0:00 a. m.
0 ITimel [Time; (Time: ITime,
. g. I 1 Ft. | 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. I - ; Ft.
» L WJ H W I. W) jH WJ
14 ... 0:38 0.0 7:59 4.5 12:35 3.0 6:30,' 5.4
15 .. 1:35—0.1 8:45 4.8 1:40 2.7 7:40 5.5
16 .. 2:29—0.1 9:25 5.1 2:39 2.1 8:41 5.6
17 ... 3:19 0.0 10:03 5.4 3:30 1.5 9:45 5.7
18 ... 4:021 0.2 10:39 5.6 4:21 0.9 10:40) 5.7
19 ... 4:43 0.5 11:12 5.7 5:11 0.5 ll:35i 5.5
20 ... 5:21 0.9 11:46 5.9 6:00 0.1
11 Wl L W| H W I. W[
21 ... 0:29] 5.3 6:00 1-4 12:22 6.0] 6:46|— 0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
end the l»st or right hand column gives tha
'.ast tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, a." sometimes occur. The heights
given are In addition to tho soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the Iqw<t low watfra.
Time Ball.
Brr.nch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 13, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of th<» new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
i. c., at noon of the 12'"> th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, T*. S. N.. in charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. I Due.
A. Blanrhard... Coos Bay Sep. 14
Brunswick (Oregon Ports ISep. It
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 14
North Fork 'Humboldt Sep. 14
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 14
Samoa Humboldt ISep. 14
Miami 'Seattle Sep. _
Point Arena Point Arena Sep. 15
Ronlta 'San Pedro (Sep. 15
Mackinaw ITacoma Sep. 16
Columbia [Portland Sep. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego [Sep. 17
Empire Cooa Bay Sep. 18
Del Norte Willapa Harbor Sep. 18
Crescent City... Crescent City Sep. 18
Coos Pay Newport Sep. 19
Colon Panama Sep. 19
Coptic China and Japan Sep. 19
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound Sep. 11
Corona San Diego Sep. 21
Areata Coos Hay Sep. 21
Weeott Humboldt Sep. 22
Mariposa Sydney (Sep. 23
State of Cal (Portland |Sep. 22
TO SAIL
Steamer. 1 Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Homer Cape Nome... ISep. 14. 5 pmlPier 16
A. Blanch'd|Oregon Ports. Sep. 15, 10 am|Pler 13
State Cal... Portland Sep. 15, 10 am Pier 21
Corona San Dieeo Sep. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Brunswick .Oregon Ports. Sep. 15, 10 am Pier 20
bertha Alaska 'Sep. 16, 2 pm Pier 6
Areata Coos Bay Sep. 16, 10 am] Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt Sep. 16, 2 pmlPier 9
Luella Tillamook Sep. 16, 4 pm'Pier 2
Samoa Humboldt 'Sep. 17, 10 am I Pier 2
Bonita Newport Sep. 17. 9 amIPier 11
North Fork. Humboldt Sep. 17, 9 am Pier 2
Point Arena Point Arena.. Sep. 18, 2 pm Pier 2
Weeott [Humboldt... ..-Sep. 18, 2 pmlPier 13
San Juan... Panama | Sep. 18. 12 m PMSS
Queen JVic & Put 'Sep. IS. 10 am'Pier 9
Coqutlle RlvlGrays Harbor'Sep. 19. I
Santa Rosa. San Diego |Sep. 19, li am I Pier 11
Columbia ..(Portland Sep. 20, 10 amjPier 24
Australia (Honolulu Sep. 20, 10 am Pier 7
Coos Bay Newport 'Sep. 21. 9 am Pier 11
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. September 13.
Stmr Weeott, Ellis. 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Parsons, 61>£ hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Nopander, 15 hours from.
Mops Landing.
Stmr Navarro, Higgins, 19 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, 26 hours from Trini
dad.
17 S stmr Badger, Miller, 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Murk, 21 days from.
Chi-nik Bay.
Ger hark J C Glade, Stege, 24 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Jane A Falkinburr, Marden, 16 days
from Port Hadlock.
Schr Ida McKay. Lehtola, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, hours from.
' Bihlers Point.
Schr Salvator, Asmussen. 13 days from Olym
pla.
Schr Arcie and Fontie, Johannisen, 24 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Ralph .1 Long, Isiekelt, 6 days from,
Frank port.
Schr Arago, Stensland. ■ days from Unga.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 13.
Stmr Umatllla.. Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Brig Consueto, Page, Mahukona; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Schr Transit, Jorgenson. Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. September 13.
Stmr Progreso, Gilboy, Seattle.
Stmr Rival. Walvlg, Usal.
Stmr Tillamook. Anfindsen, .
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Grays Har-
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Noplander. .
ftmr Crescent City, Stockfteth, Crescent City.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Bragg-
Schr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen. Bowen3
Landing. _
Schr Man' C. Madsen, Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 13, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind S\V; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 6. off Cape Palos— ltal ship Macdiarmid,
hence April 2. for Genoa. W-Bt ship Rahane.
July IS iat 5C S, lon 76 v\ -Bt ship Rahane,
t rom Tyrie. for San Francisco. sh, D Sierra
Tuly H lat 56 B, lon 78 \\ -Br ship Sierra
Miranda, from Cardiff, for Antwerp. a-
Per tug Fearless-Sept 12. 7 p m. 35 miles NW
of Point Reyes. Ger Bark J C Glade, from,
Honolulu, for' San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per tug Fearless— Returned this morning: from
cruise in search of raft, but saw nothing of It.
Cruised about 550 miles and had thick weather
and smooth sea all the time.
Per bark Ferris S Thompson, from Chignik
Bay— On Sept 12 saw the raft above Point
Reyes and spoke stmr Czarina and gave posl-
Per Ger bark 3 C Glade, at San Francisco
Sept 13, from Honolulu— On Sept 12, at 11 am,
saw two fresh riles with bark on off Mendo-
Cln ° Clt> MISCELLANEOUS.
NEW YORK. Sept 12— Stmr Panama, at this
port, brings three shipwrecked sali.rs of ship
John R Kelley and Cyrus Wakeflela.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA- Sailed Sept 12-Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 13-Stmr Charles
Nelson, from St Michael.
Sailed . Sept 13— Stmr Cottage City and stmr
Humboldt, for Dyea.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Sept 13— Schr
John A Campbell, from Tacoma, for San Pe
dro; schr F S Redfield, from Tacoma, for San
Pedro.
Arrived Sept 13— Schr Prosper, from Port
Gamble, for Sydney.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Sept 12— Schr Mel
ancthon, for San Francisco; schr John F Mil
ler, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sent 12— Schr Twilight, hence Aug
31; schr Charles R Wilson, from Honoipu; schr
Jennie Stella, from Redondo.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Del
Norte. hence Sept 9.
SAN PEDRO-Arrived Sept 13-Stmr Ruth
from Coos Bay; stmr Luella, from Tillamook
schr Ivy, from Umtxiua. '
Sailed Sept 13-Schr Fannie Adele, for Grays
hette^iuelo" rriVed Sept 13 - Schr Glend ale,
nence AUg ju.
Continued on Page Eleven.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
END OF FIGHT
OVER BURIAL OF
LITTLE ALMA
County Will Not Be
Asked to Pay.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
Broadway, Sept. 13.
There will be no bill filed with the coun
ty for the expenses of the funeral of little
Alma Christiansen. At the last meeting
of the Supervisors a very interesting let
i'i from a firm of Berkeley un
dertakera complaining that Coroner Mehr
m.inn had taken the funeral out of their
■ by offering the bereaved but Indig
nant parents the attraction of a couple
of hacks, in addition to a free grave and
tasket.
The Berkeley undertakers complained
that the order that was given them by
■ip^r Mitchell to provide a county
burial was ignored and overridden by the
Coroner. Tht- complaint was read to the
board and tiled with the county expert
for the purpose of being held till the Cor
-uould file a bill charging the county
with what lie had promised to provide
free.
The bill had been paid. It was paid by
■ri.ia. and Nevada Railroad Com
and the little incident which threat
ened to have much political significance
will never be heard of officially. Coroner
Mehrmann will of course charge his fee
:' »r the official part of the work, but the
y will hear nothing of the cost of
the funeral.
The burial of the five-year-old girl, In
cluding the two hacks about which so
much was said, cost just $47, and Albert
Brown, the undertaker, provided all the
necessary material by order of the rail
road company.
Alma Christiansen was playing in a
it lot when Home sparks from an
16 of the company set fire to the dry
grass. She was burned to death, and al
though the coi: ; idiatea any sug
n that it might be responsible, by
contributory negligence or anything else,
for the chilli's death, it decided as a mat
ter of de< • ' 'hristianson6 being
very poor, that it would provide the fu
neral
The trouble apparently occurred because
. puty Coroner, Henry Quellin, is also
mploye of l*nd>Ttaker Brown, and
when he took •■harge of the little girl's
burial he was acting in accordance with
the railroad company's orders and with
the consent of the little victim's parents.
Lady Has Changed Attorneys.
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— The long-threat
ened substitution of attorneys in the af
fairs of Lady Mary Leilah Klrkham
Yarde-Buller waa realized to-day, when
her guardian. W. I?. Greenhaum". filed a
substitution naming Fi'zgerald & Abbott
r attorneys m J. K. Mc-
I J. P. McElroy. The first named
sents Lady Yarde-Buller in
lits against Ernest H. Wakeman for
'■ounting and for his removal aa
trustee of her e»l
STesterdav's Insolvents
\» . A. lelland. prune grower, Santa
County, (4481 59, asset! $200: Robert
J. Whelan, Humboldt County, $876, no a?
--3 S 9 rensen, Brooklyn, Alameda
- ■ - (300.
GRAPE-NUTS.
£ Untiring in Strength 3
• _ —^
1 Former Invalid 1
RESTORED BY 3
B GRAPE-NUTS i|
g FOOD. 3
SliUiUiUilUUf'iUiUiikiUiUß
A RATIONAL FOOD CURE.
of th<* well-known grocers in
Washington, D. C, who supplies the
of many <>f the brainy, represen-
tative men Of the country, says: "I
become an enthusiastic consumer
.rape-Nuts. It has constituted
•• my morning and evening- meal
the past eight months. Previous
B, worn out with overwork, broken
down in health, dyspepsia having led
to Bright's disease, heart trouble and
what not. I was given up to die. This
ame to my notice through one of
my customers. The name suggested
something 1 In the dessert line — dried
fruit, prunes, raisins or the like, and
when I put it in the store a giance at
the label persuaded me to make a trial
personally.
"I had at the store for my supper a
dish and a half dish, and was im-
pressed, perhaps unfavorably, with its
richness, perceiving at the same time
l;..\v very appropriately the new food
was named. Strange as it may appear,
its effect was almost at once apparent.
Seated that evening at my home I re-
marked to the family that it was the
tlrst time in a whole year that I had
felt like myself. I was much elated and
naturally attributed the change to
• Jrape-Nuts. My Improvement sinr-e
then has been continuous, my health is
bftt<r than ever before, I look ten years
younger and am untiring in strength."
(The gentleman does not care to have
his name quoted publicly, but his stor?
can be found at 726 Eighteenth street,
ington, D. C)
. for the reason. The man or
woman worn out with overwork or
>UB prostration will .md an im-
mediate gain in strength by the use of
Grape-Nuts and cream, because of the
fact that the natural phosphate of
h obtained from certain parts of
the prams Is one of the strong ele-
ments In Grape-Nttt«, and this is pre-
sented to the system In the form de-
manded by nature; not as a drug.
The system takes up the needed
particles of phosphate of potash and it
is now known that the soft gray mat-
te: which fills the delicate nerve cen-
Throughout the body as well as
rain and the solar plexus, can
only be made and renewed from day to
<!ay by the action of phosphate of
potash on albumen. Albumen is one
principal elements of all food.
Jut unless albumen has with It in the
i a sufficient amount of phos-
nf potafh it cannot be trans-
.l Into brain matter without the
action of this particular element, for
there is no known way to make gray
. ; except by the combination of
men and phosphate of potash.
Therefore, when one uses Grapp-
NutH he makes use of the best scien-
knowledge of the day in the selec-
tion of food for Invigorating and j
revitalising the body. This food has
me famous throughout the world,
it is to be found in every flrst-
class grocery store. Grape-Nuts are I
made by the Postum Co. at their fac-
tories in Eattle Creek- J
HAUNTED TO DEATH BY
PHANTOM "HELLO" BELLS
Nettie Friebel, a Telephone Girl,
Succumbs to Brain Fever.
Raving of Imaginary Messages, She Dies
Under the Eyes of Her Distracted
Mother- -Switchboard's Work.
NETTIE FRIEBEL, A VICTIM OF THE TELEPHONE SERVICE.
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— Nettie Friebo!,
but 15 years old, lies dead at her
home to-night, a victim to the re
markable effect exercised on her
brain and mind by fiv« months' work
at a telephone switchboard. For several
days before her death she was engaged In
fierce combat with a phantom receiver
that would convey imaginary messages
to her wrecked mind.
"Five months ago," said Mrs. Friebel
tn-night, as she s-at In their cozy but
humble little h"ine. surrounded by two or
three sympathetic friends, "Nettie begged
to be allowed to help earn something tor
the house, and said that she could get
work at the telephone company. We did
not want her to go there, though, and
only consented after she ha<l begged hard.
For at first, until she was broken in, she
would receive nothing, and after that only
very small wages.
"We let her go. She was so tall and
strong ajid well, every one thought her
much older than she was, and we did not
believe that the work would hurt h*r.
But a few w.-eks ago we saw that it was
making her sick, and soon afterward she
came home, after staying at her desk as
long as possible, and never was out of
bed again.
"She went to work each morning at
half past 7 arid came home at 2 o'clock.
Then she returned at j and was due back
here at 10. but oftener at 11 or half-p;ust.
She had so little sleep, her meals wure bo
Irreguiax and the work was so hard, with
the roar In her ears that, strong as she
was, it killed her."
\fter the delirium began two weeks ago
the child rarely regained consciousness.
Day and night she raved, lx-Kging that
the man who was shouting into her poor
ears be taken away and answering hour
In and hour out countless imaginary tele
phone messages. Her strength ebbed fast
and gave out sooner than her family In
their most tearful moments had believed
it would. She sank, begging for help to
ptill the demon noises that were madden
ing her and fought till she died to keep
from her a phantom receiver fastened to
her head.
JOHN NICHOLL
FAINTS AND SO
DELAYS TRIAL
Aged Defendant Not
So Very Spry.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Sept. 13.
The spectators who crowded Judge Og
den's courtroom this morning to listen to
the trial of Jane Hodge's $60,000 breach
of promise damage suit against the aged
capitalist, John Nlcholl. were Badly dis
appointed in their hunger or thirst for a j
sensation.
No sooner had the jury been polled, and
juror O. C. Hyatt reprimanded by the
court for being tardy on account of the j
absence of a clock at his home, than Ma- j
jor J. B. Mhoon, chief counsel for the de- ■
fendant, pprung a surprise by moving for j
a continuance. Major Mhoon declared
that his aged client had been seized with
a fainting spell yesterday after court ha«i
adjourned. He went on to recite that Mr. .
Nlcholl had collapsed at the office of Dr.
E. H. Wonlsc-y while the latter was con- I
ducting an examination on the capitalist.
The result of the examination, it is un
derstood, was to have played an important j
part at the Bensatlonal trial.
To support the motion Dr. Eastman of ;
Berkeley was called to testify that he j
had afterward been called to treat Mr. j
Nlcholl. and later Dr. Frank Adams, ;
the family physician, was called in. Dr. i
Adams was also called as a witness, and j
testified that the capitalist was resting
at his home comfortably, but that an
examination showed that the patient's
lower limbs were suffering a dropsical
condition. In the opinion of the doctors
Nlcholl would hardly be in a fit condition
to reappear at the trial before a week.
Attorney Foote. on behalf of the plaint
iff expressed briefly some doubt as to
whether the aged capitalist might not be |
"faking " but Dr. Adams tried to dispel i
this idea. Nevertheless Mr. Foote "thought !
it seemed singular."
Major Mhoon, however, pressed the is- |
sue, declaring It would be impossible to |
oroceed without the presence of his client.
"No prudent attorney would proceed. ;
They may execute a man In Franco tnat j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1899.
At the very beginning of her illness a
physician was summoned. The diagnosis
waa brain fever. As she grew wor«-? other
physicians were called In for consulta
tion. One of these was Dr. J. J. Dunn,
who declarea then that the ravages of
typhoid had been added to those of the
nuntal malady. ] >r. W. ML Reckwith was
summoned, too. and. like Dr. Dunn, de
tected the presence of the second disease,
nut all that skill and medicine could do
was of no avail
Mr. and Mrs. Friebel declare that their
child ip not the worst sufferer from the
severe demands of the telephone service.
Nettie's chum, a Miss Campbell of East
Oakland, was taken recently to the insane
asylum at Napa, her mania being the
perpetual ringing of the telephone in hr-r
ears and the nevor-eeas ing answering of
calls. The two girls were great friends
while employed by the company, and went
back and forth to and from their work
topether. When Miss Campbell was
stricken Nettle sorrowed deeply. and
spoke again and again of the awful test
> f strength imposed in their employment.
"My child." sobbed Mrs. Friebel last
evening, "gave her life for a mere nothing.
The first month she was paid she brought
me horn* 1 $7. Then she came home with $9.
The most she ever received was $17 75.
They docked her little salary of $20 per
month on every possible excuse. She
told me once that she couldn't complain,
because Miss Campbell had only received
$3 for a whole month's work at the build
ing on Twelfth street. Miss Campbell
told Nettie that she was ashamed to tell
her folks how little she had received."
i'.>upled with her hard duties before
she took to her bed. Nettie Friebel suffer
ed with a severe cold in her throat and
head, caught, she said, in the draught? that
sw.-pt the room in which she had to work.
The girls when they complained. Nettie
told her bother, were informed that they
"would have to stand it until new parti
tions were put In," the old ones having
been taken down.
The dead girl was a pupil last year at
the Oarfield Grammar School, where she
was considered a bright student and ex
ceedingly strung physically. She waa
known to some of her friends as Agnes,
that being her name and not Nettle,
which was her pet and home name.
way, but we don't do it In America," said
the major.
. "Well, do you mean to say that counsel
for plaintiff wishes to execute the defend
ant?" queried the court, and the major re
plied that "they would do It if they
could."
"It may be," interrupted Mr. Foote.
that that was what was the matter with
the defendant yesterday."
Major Mhpon looked daggers as he re
plied: "Well, if you were <6 years old and
were drawn into a scrape like this you
would not like it very well. 1 think"; but
Mr. Foote objected to the irrelevancy of
the confab, though his Honor decided its
pertinence.
"W hen Major Mhoon gets to be 76."
continued* Mr. Foote. "I would like to
hear him speak for himself."
It was, finally decided to grant a contin
uance until next Tuesday morning.
. ♦ .' "" .
SONS CONTEST WILL
OF ANNEY SWEENEY
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— Edward M. Swee
ney, a San Francisco attorney, and John
J. Sweeney to-day filed a contest and
opposition to the probate of an alleged
will of their mother, Anney Sweeney, filed
a few days ago by B. McFadden. who is
named as executor. . The estate is valued
between $6000 and $10,000, and by the terms
of the alleged will the bulk of the estate,
mostly money on deposit in the Hlbernia
Bank, Is bequeathed to J. J. Sweeney, one
of the sons. To Edward M. Sweeney
originally $1000 was .bequeathed, but a
codicil reduced this •to $500, and to the
pastor of Sacred Heart Church $50 was
bequeathed for masses for the repose of
testatrix's soul, $50 toward a new church
building and $25 for the altar society.
In their contest, prepared by George D.
Collins, the two sons allege that their
"mother was of unsound mind and that
the execution of the alleged will was In
duced and procured by the Rev. Lawrence
Serda. pastor of Sacred Heart Church,
actively aided and abetted by B. McFad
den; that the latter drew up said will at
the request of the pastor In whom tes
tatrix, as a member of his church for
years, had implicit confidence." That the
will was not subscribed by decedent nor
by any person in her presence or by her
direction. In short, that the document
was not executed by decedent freely or
voluntarily. - ' '■ _
■ ♦ »
Defendant Is Granted a Divorce.
OAKLAND. Sept. 13.— 1n the divorce suit
of Refuglo Bernal Fells against Jose Felts,
brought on the ground of cruelty. Judge
Ellsworth to-day rendered a decree grant-
Ing the defendant husband a divorce on
the ground of willful desertion alleged in
his cross-complaint. By the decree the
plaintiff takes nothing. The suit of similar
title over certain real estate at Ldvermore,
which the husband claims his wife deeded
to liim some years ago. has been submit
ted to the court for decision.
LIFE'S SECRET
REVEALED BY
TUCKER'S DEATH
Was Once a Noted St.
Louis Crook.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 13.
"Earnestly hoping that you will
remain where you are and fight un
der your banners for the good cause,
I am very truly yours,
"WILLIAM DESMOND,
"Chief of Detectives.
"P. S. — Did you know that your old
chums, High Gorham and Jen Mc-
Cann, had a 'difficulty' a few months
ago, resulting in Gorham being shot
dead by McCann, who was arrested?
"W. D."
William Desmond's hope can never be
broken, for Dennis Tucker, to whom the !
St. l>ouis chief of detectives wrote the .
letter from which the above is an ex
tract, has just died at San Jose.
It was always known that Dennis, who ;
for nine years had been a shining light
in General Booth's army, had a very dark
past, but not until the contents of his :
trunk were scrutinized by friends was '
it known that Tucker had served more '
than half his lifetime in jail and was |
really an outcast from Chicago.
One of the letters in Tucker's trunk tells |
the whole story. It is from Chief Dcs- i
mond, and while containing expressions
of encouragement, also teems with sar- \
casm not very adroitly veiled. Desmond
says:
"Dear Dennis Tucker: I received your
letter a few days ago informing me ;
that you are a member of the Salva- ;
tion Army. I am very glad to
hear that you have found a post
tion where you can do an immense j
amount of good by showing the depraved
element (of which you were once a prom- i
inent disciple) what can be done by self
denial and a resolve to do right.
"The criminal element in St. Louis is ;
about the same as it was when you were
here, possibly it is a little improved for
the better since you left, but not much.
"There are quite a number of what you
might facetiously call the gang still work- j
ing at their old tricks in this city, and ,
if a company of them could be shipped ;
from here to your headquarters with you !
DENNIS Tt'CKER.
in command, what a perfect godsend it
would be for all concerned. They would
be leaving here 'for their country's good,'
and under your especial tutelage they
would be worthy followers of the Lord.
Very truly yous.
"WILLIAM DESMOND."
In a letter that Tucker wrote to Chief
Desmond he said: "You remember when
I was in the Dewdrop saloon what a
scoundrel I was? I would rob the pennies
off a dead man's eyes, but the Lord has
forgiven me and now I get out on the
street with the army and tell the life I
have led."
Nearly nine years ago after serving
thirteen years in prison, at intervals cov
ering a period of thirty years. Tucker met
Charles ('rittenton, the Florence Mission
evangelist, and was put on his feet. A
few years ago he marri* d an elderly wid
ow, but their life was not as happy as
they anticipated. Tucker since 1890 has
been true to his new vows, and frequently
Chief of Police Harrigan and Chief of
Detectives Desmond have written to him
encouraging him to keep in the narrow
Dennis Tucker was born in Ireland
forty-eight years ago rim', llrst landed in
prison when he was a very young boy.
The officers of the Salvation Army de
clare that Tucker was as loyal a soldier
as he was degraded as a criminal.
BIGAMIST C. L WOLF
WEPT LIKE A CHILD
OAKLAND, Sept. 13.— Charles L. Wolf
pleaded guilty before Judge Hall to-day
to the charge of bigamy, waived time and
was sentenced to two years' imprisonment
in San Quentin. When sentence was pro
nounced he blubbered like a child. He
explained to the court how he had been
deceived by Rosle L. H. Wolf, who pre
ferred the charge, also by his first wife
back in New Jersey, but Judge Hall re
minded him <>f his wrongdoing. "No doubt
you now realize," said Judge Hall, "what
it is to get married too often."
When seen in the County Jail this after
noon Wolf's tears had dried away and he
expressM himself as fortunate with the
light sentence. He reiterated his defama
tory words about the women he had mar
ried, and exhibited a letter received yes
terday from Mattie Tyrer, with whom he
had eloped to Tesla, where he was ar
rested. In the letter the girl asks for a
lock of his hair and promises to visit him
at San Quentin when he gets there.
Mattie Tyrer has been missing from her
home several days. Her father, W. At
wood. is greatly worried over her where
abouts, but the letter in Wolfs possession
shows that she is in Stockton, whither
she went last Saturday in the company of
a colored man, with whom she became ac
quainted at Tesla.
"I have bepn a victim of conspiracy "
said Wolf this afternoon. "But for my
tender heart I never would have married
my second wife. I meant it all for the
best. My attorney produced a letter
wherein It stated 1 was in a New York
hospital, and he tells me that letter he
got up as a blind to throw the authorities
off my track. Well. I have always been
a law-abiding citizen, but perhaps It
would have been better had I been born
In Utah or Turkey. I go to San Quentin
with a clear conscience, and when I come
out I will prove myself as good a man as
when T went there."
Dr. Coyle;s Successor.
BERKELEY, Sept. 13. -The resignation
of Rev. John Coyle. D.D., of the First
Methodist Church of this city was handed
in to the conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church which closed at Pacific
Grove yesterday. Dr. Coyle'i resignation
was made necessary owing to ill health.
The conference has appointed as his suc
cessor Rev. C. K. Jeuueu. Dr. Jenness
is a graduate of Stanford University and
is one of the most talented young orators
in the Methodist pulpit.
"Hannybody with arf a heye could see
you was a typical Hamerican."
"And what is a typical American?"
"One that gives tips freely, sir."—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
Send tb% SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
SAID TO HAVE
PAID MONEY TO
"FIX" HER CASE
Ruby Raymond Sur-
renders Herself.
Ruby Raymond, the woman from San
Jose whose bonds of $10,000 were declared
forfeited by Judge Mogan Tuesday be
cause she failed to- make her appearance
In court, surrendered herself to the
police yesterday morning.
She told two or three tales as to why
! she nad not appeared in court. One was
that John Madden, a teamster in the em
' ployment of E. Martin & Co.. wholesale
I liquor men. had got $150 from her Monday
night to "fix" the case so that she would
not have to appear In court. Then she
| told other tales, but Judge Mogan, on
- being informed as to Madden, issued a
bench warrant for his arrest, and he will
', have to appear in court this morning: to
' explain. Attorney Mack, who is defend
' ing the woman in conjunction with Louis
O'Neal of San Jose, says that Madden
; brought her to his office Monday night
\ and she paid him $150 as part of his fee
lof $250. Any talk of "fixing" the case
; bo far as Mack is concerned, he declares
! absurd, as he told the woman that on the
I contrary the case was a very strong one
i against her.
The woman is charged with taking
■ Nathalie Danforth and Daisy MlHer,
two girls under 18 years of ape to her
house In San Jose for immoral purposes
1 without the Consent of their parents or
guardians. The charges were altered
yesterday to come under section 267 of
the Penal Code, and when they were
; called in court the defendant's attorney
; pleaded hard for a continuance, as they
had been unable to subpena their wit
| nesses. The Judge held that although
the section under which the charges were
] made had been changed, the facts wore
the same and he did not think the de
fendant was entitled to a continuance, as
; she had ample time to get her witnesses,
i but he would continue the case after
i hearing the witnesses for the prosecu
-1 tion, so that the defense might get their
1 witness. Maude Burdette then testified
i to having met the defendant in this city
i and arranging with her to send the two
'^•irls to San Jose. The case was con-
I tinued till to-morrow.
An application was made to recall the
; order declaring the bonds given for the
defendant's appearance forfeited, but the
Judge would only agree to stop proceed
ings for the recovery of the amounts in
i the bonds till the cases were concluded
in his court. The defendant is In the City
• Prison, as the Judge ordered that she
should be held without ball.
WILL SEEK TO HAVE
INCREASED APPROPRIATIONS
CERTAIN DEPARTMENTS IN
NEED OF MORE MONEY.
The Supervisor Bases His Action on
the Need of Improvements of
All Kinds in the
City.
When the question of the tax levy
comes up for final consideration before
the Board of Supervisors at next Mon
day's meeting Supervisor Holland will
submit several amendments increasing
the appropriations as already decided on
In certain departments. Holland bases
his proposed course on the need of im
provements in this city and believes that
his reasons will be found logical.
The amendments contemplate additional
appropriations for paving streets, the
proper care of Golden Gate Park, the
building of a new City and County Hos
pital and various other propositions
which he deems should have more money
than has been already appropriated under
the pledge of the dollar limit. "I am a
firm advocate," said Holland yesterday in
discussing the subject, "of Improvements
in our city, and my amendments will be
almost entirely based on the idea of put
ting our streets and public parks in the
best of condition. The recent welcome
to the First California Volunteers prob
ably did more to advertise the city than
any other project, and I am of the opin
ion that we are on the eve of a great fu
ture. San Francisco is destined to make
rapid strides from now on. The increase
in the appropriations which I will en
deavor to bring about Is warranted in
every instance.
"For example, I am In favor of afford
ing proper protection to the property of
our citizens, and therefore have added
$50,000 to the sum already set aside for the
Fire Department. I believe in having all
possible safeguards around the public
health, therefore I have added $70,000 to
the Board of Health figures. In view of
danger from Infectious diseases, now that
we have acquired new Oriental posses
sions. I allow $5000 for a smallpox hospi
tal, $50,000 for a new hospital and $10,000
for improving the old one, which are new
items. Regarding the item of $6900 for
the Board of Public Works, I find that
no allowance has been made for it, though
the new charter provides for Its crea
tion No appropriation has been made for
salaries of the Panhandle Commissioners,
and I allow them $8000."
The increases in detail are as follows:
Repnving accepted streets, $105,000; Gold
en Gate Park, $70,000; public schools, $70,
--0- Board of Health, $70,000; City and
County Hospital (new), $50,000; improving
old hospital. $10,000; smallpox hospital,
$:,in)- Fire Department, $50,000; election
expenses $30 000; park Panhandle. $8000;
Board of Public Works, $6900; bond elec
tion, $5000.
A TANGLED CASE
Three Men of the Same Name Figure
in a Story of Bobbery.
A peculiar case came under police ob
servation yesterday, and It is now in such
a tangled condition that the officers do
not know what to make of it. It is one
of alleged robbery, and apparently three
men of the same name figure In Jt.
Yesterday afternoon John La Grange
called at police headquarters and stated
that he had been robbed of considerable
money and valuables by two men repre
senting themselves as police officers.
He stated that he was asleep in a. house
at Sn7 Pacific street and that a short time
after 12 o'clock on Tuesday night both of
the fake officers entered his room. One
of them drew a revolver and forced him
to hand over $14 in coin, a diamond ring
and a silver watch. Detective Wmn ,was
detailed on the case and he located a man
hv the name of John La Grange in the
house at the above address, but this party
disclaims all stories of any robbery. The
detective also ascertained that another
man of the identical name had been found
in a drunken condition on Bacon place at
about 3 o'clock yesterday morning and
locked up in a police station. This latter
La Grange was released as soon as he was
sober The detective is still working on
the case and expects to secure additional
light upon it to-day.
In the Divorce Court.
Margaret Martinetz was granted adi
vorce yesterday by Judge Belcher from
A R. Martinetz on the ground of deser
tion.
Frederick Querren was granted a di
vorce from Nellie Querren on the ground
of desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Josephine Kean Hughes against T. G.
liuehes for failure to provide; William
P Hfrman against Alwlne Herman, for
desertion; Sarah E. King against George
King for desertion; Hulda Meyer against
Oustave Meyer, for cruelty; Emma M.
Brown against Joseph A. Brown, for fail
ure to provide; Jessie Hopkins against
Charles C. Hopkins, for failure to pro
vide and Joseph E. Peters against Agnes
Peters, for cruelty.
Volunteer Baseball.
The boys of the First Regiment are
taking a great Interest in the baseball
game to be played next Sunday between
the First California Volunteers and the
Oakland Heesemans.
The volunteers are hard at work every
day. The game is to come off next bun
day at the Presidio athletic grounds.
A MELODIOUS
COMIC OPERA
WELL STAGED
MEMORY started a rumor that "Fati
nitza" Is merry in music and bright
in dialogue. Place no credence in
the latter half of the rumor and
you have the truth. The dialogue is
puerile, formless and full of superflui
ties. Printing the argument on comic
opera programmes is a necessary con
cession to the intelligence, for the best
eye cannot see in the dark. To be sure,
the dramatic form, which I shall ever in
sist should come first in any operatic
work, never lives up to the argument and
hence recalls forcibly the billboards of
a circus, but the argument throws a cer
tain necessary light. And why always
seek the impossible and unreal for comic
opera inspiration? In the words of Locke,
let our librettists occasionally "cross
their own inclinations and follow the
dictates of reason"— write a good comedy
in rhyme and have it set to music whose,
glee has a leaving to the cla-sslc. The
music of "Fatiriitza" is in the true Yon
Suppe spirit. Melodious and tuneful.
Scarcely any one can help yielding to the
current infatuations of his neighbors, and
so I left agreeing with the audience that
William Wolf was a joujr, blushing Kant
chukoff, Arthur Wooley a clever German
dialect artist, Thomas Persse a trim, in
sistent war correspondent, Edith Mason
a sweet voiced Manova, Hattie Belle
Ladd a picturesque lieutenant, the chorus
in its first act disguises quite astonish
ing and Interesting enough to be worthy
the second trip round the stage that the
gallery demanded and the whole opera
well worth the time ppent. There is a
profusion of simple melody for the prin
cipals and most of it exceedingly well
sung, but not as much work for the
chorus as one likes the Grand Opera
house chorus to be given. May that cho
rus never grow less in numbers or value.
That is a good snow scene in the first
act, on the lower Danube. A little
stretching of the mental vision, a little
closing of the eyes to the manner of
snowfall and it is a very good substitute
for a first-hand observation of the re
ality. Comic opera is often more satis
fying, musically, than its more ambitious
sister, for since the demands are lighter
it is likely to be the better sung, just as
a simp'e song that i? perfect of its kind
stands higher than an epic of inferior ex
ecution. There was a good house and
generous applause. Next week "The
Drum Major's Daughter" will be sung.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
Midweek Notes.
"Othello" has proved so successful at
the Tivoll that it will be sung again next
week, alternating with "La Traviata."
"The Wages of Sin" at the Alcazar has
played to the capacity of the theater.
"Too Much Johnson," with some wonder
fully realistic scenery, is the attraction
next week.
The excellent bill at the Orpheum has
crowded the theater nightly. Next week
four new attractions will be added.
It Is probable that the first week of
the Modjppka engagement at the Colum
bia will be devoted to "Marie Antoinette,
written for the star by Clinton Stuart.
A Mennonite Bishop was chosen by lot
at Millersville, Pa, There were four can
didates, there were four Bibles precisely
similar in every respect, but under the fly
leaf of one there was placed a blank
paper Each minister took a Bible and
the one to whose lot the paper fell was
Rev. Abram Herr— God's choice Mr.
Herr is a descendant of Hans Herr leader
of one of the pioneer parties of Mennon-
Ites in Pennsylvania nearly 200 years ago.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF AMERICA £■
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A D IS9B, and for the year ending on that
I day as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
A^T^h Of Pl . t . S /... Pa ! d .. U - P $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company....
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages....
Cash Market Value of all Stock and
Bonds owned by Company $507.000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash in Company's Office «!*'«»
Cash in Banks • - 46,405 82
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ii-r ** 208 33
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ■
| and Mortgages ..... ,:/-
Premiums in due Course of Colleo-
on 36,582 63
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, In-
ternal Revenue Stamps......; 14 35
Rents due and accrued ;••■"••
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid..
Total assets ;...... $694.221 13
LIABILITIES.
Loss»s adjusted and unpaid $6,24100
Losses In process of Adjustment or In '
Suspense .»..,.••.••••••••••••••••••••• 24, too 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less. $172.462 90; ■ "
reinsurance 50 per cent.............. 86.2314 a
Gross premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning more than one year. $43,418 77; .
reinsurance pro rata.. :"•"• 28.842 53
Gross premiums on . Marine and In-
land Naviration Risks. $6305 76; re-
insurance 100 per cent.. ••-•••• 6.305 76
Gross premiums on Marine Time i
Rlslc8 _ . — ; reinsurance 50 per
AH other demands against the Com-
pany • ■• 19,373 28
Total liabilities $172.479 02
INCOME. ~. ~~ -;
Net Cash - actually received for Fire
premiums •_';-- 57 - 248 84
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums «• 6,634 96
Received for interest on Bonds and . . ,
Mortgages interest and • dividends
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 23,112 48
Received for Rents -•
Total Income • •_• $186.994 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ .losses of pre- -
vious years) •• $134.808 14
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ ; . Josses of pre- . ■ ■
vious years) 24,905 27
Dividends to Stockholders 30.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ...V.....' 62,534 43
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other ;,"-•*
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 8,475 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes- 6.579 80
All other payments and expenditures 2,961 20
Total expenditures $265.563 84
•■-.-. Flr». Marine.
Losses incurred during
the year $141.024 14 $21.80*27
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
, , j ■ -~-^~-^~^—
Net amount of Risks
- written during • the
ear $35,889,597 00 $344,312 12
Net amount of Risks . . ■
expired during the
year EO. 884, 635 00 441,883 38
Net ■ amount in force
• December 31. 1898.... 21.655.109 00 215,88167
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $327,117 00 $13.352 88
Net amount of I Risks
expired during the
year 923.79100 13,125 06
.Jet amount In force
December 31. 15f15.... 149.036 00 6,305 76
ROBERT C. RATHBONE, Prest.
' ' R. BLEEKER RATHBONE. Secy.
. Subscribed' and B worn, to before me. this
27th day of January. 1899.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
;215 SANSOMEST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5968
WILL COLONIZE
ON SAN CLEMENTE
Party Organized to Take
Up the Land.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
PASADENA, Sept. 13.— San Clemente, &
desert island so called, which lies in the
Pacific In the Santa Barbara Channel
group, is to be colonized, if the plans of
Mr. Bolton and forty odd families of thla
neighborhood he has interested do not
fall through. These families have pooled
their belongings and propose to squat on
160 acres each.
San Clemente is about seventy miles off
the coast from San Pedro, lying between
San Pedro and San Diego. It is a portion
of Los Angeles County, and is about
twenty miles long. Its widest place is six
miles across. For thirty or forty years
sheep have wandered about the island.
Tom Gallagher, who died recently,
watched these sheep for over twenty
years. The sheep lived off the brush. The
winds tore down the trees and the sheep
herders have frequently had to dig into
the wind-blown sand for wood. But in
the sheltered canyons and valleys there
are wild cherries and on the plains to the
north grain of all kinds will grow pro
fusely.
San Clemente is frcstloss. There is water
standing in pools in the canyons. \Yild
goats and quail are there in abundance.
Years ago a sheep herder brought over
three brown goats and left them corralled
while he visited Los Angeles a hundred
miles away. When he returned to the
island the* goats had broken away and
were never caught. They multiplied and
to-day hundreds of them dwell in th©
ca% - es or rock shelters and scurry up the
canyons.
The only inhabitants of San Clement©
are a few sheep and cattle herders and a
hermit. Aleck O'Leary, who lives with his
goats and cat and dog miles from human
beings. Sometimes he comes to the main
land, making the trip in a skiff with a
flour sack for a sail.
The climate of the place is excellent and
the soil good. There is but one obstacle
In the way of settlement by farmers. This
island, together with Santa Barbara and
San Nicholas Island and several of the
Santa Cruz group, was set aside by the
Government for lighthouse and naval pur
poses. A very plain title cannot, there
fore, be secured by the settlers, but the
would-be colonists think that their rights,
if they cultivate the soil, will receive as
much respect as those of the sheep herd
ers and eventually the Government will
grant them titles.
THEATER WAR TAX.
Commissioner Heacock Decides That
the Proprietors and Not the
Lessees Must Pay It.
Proprietors of theaters and not the les
sees will be required to pay the war rev
enue tax of $100 per annum. This was the
purport of a decision given yesterday by
I'nited States Commissioner Heacock in
the case of the United States against
Henry McDonald, lessee of the Alham
bra Theater.
Judge Heacock said that it was unmis
takably the intention of the lawmakers
to tax the proprietor, not the lessee of a
theater, for the statute itself provides
that the tsCx on any theater under lease
prior to the time the statute went into
effect must be paid by the lessee.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NATIONAL STANDARD
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
| 1898. and for the year ending -on that day. as
! made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $200.000 00
- ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market . Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company $545,000 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral....
Cash In Company's Office ;..
Cash In Banks 11.908 6]
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,104 17
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 86,332 09
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued. Internal
I Revenue Stamps 20 04
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid
Total assets .' $598.364 82
—
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $4,715 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
I In Suspense i 23,058 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 4,330 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $134,066 00;
reinsurance 60 per cent 67,033 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $34,631 57;
reinsurance pro rata 24.053 60
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ r ;
reinsurance 50 per cent 15.559 65
Gross premiums on Marine Tims
Risks, $- : reinsurance 50
per cent 17,786 41
All other demands against the
Company r.,: 1
Total liabilities .....' $156,568 58
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $167,394 67
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums 6,634 97
Received ' for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
. all other sources 1?, 986 SI
Received for profit on sale of Bonds 659 20
■ Total Income $193.655 65
' EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) $169.557 07
Net amount paid for Marine Losses, - ■■.-:?.
(including $ , losses of pre-
vious years) - 20,301 71
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
I Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 69,378 06
; Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... $,165 00
i Paid for State. National and local
taxes 8,253 SJ
I All other payments and expenditures 2,343 2%
Total expenditures $286.999 01
Losses incurred during the year $152.773 91
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. [ Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
- written during the
year j $34,370,183 00 $305,491
Net amount -of Risks
-. expired during the
year 46,249,03100 405.597 10
Net amount In force " ,
December 31. 1898.... 16.526.034 00 168.697 58
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
I Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ..:. ?. $654,864 00 $25,956 68
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 7..:.... 1.570,909 00 66.247 19
Net amount In force
December 31. 1598.... 425.839 00 15,559 55
E C CONVERSE. Prest.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25tti
day of January. 1899.
. GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
2ISSANSOMEST,,
- SAN*-; FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE WIAIIN' 5968
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franolsoo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 13 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
earner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
!0O Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:CO o'clock.
1941 Minion Etreet; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; ©pea
■ntU 8 o'clock. •
IC6 Eleventh street: open until » o doc*.
1006 Valencia street; open until » o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
TERBA Buena Chapter No. 1. ]JL
Knights SSfs Croix.— Regular '"">£__'
meeting THIS .THURSDAY)
EVENING, at S o'clock. D. 18. ft
GEO. J. HOBE. 1(1
Secreta ry. I v
CAI IFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. JL
M -Will meet THIS .THURSDAY) J\^
EVENING. Sept. 14. at 7:30 o'clock. X_^.
First degree. By order of the Master. '
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— _
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) J^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Mission jfjt
Masonic Temple. 26*8 Mission st. r^T^
Royal Arch degree. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
SOUTH Sun Francisco Lodge No. 212, • '
F and A. M. -Meets THIS rTHTTRS _fV»
DAY) EVENING, nt 7:30 o'clock f or /tLJ\
first decree. By order of the Master. '^'
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I. ,^S^^g>
O. O. F.— All members arc re- -SSSiSSi:
cnic?ted to he present at special ;r
Jubilee meeting TO-NIGHT. Busl- ' ■''■ nxN
ness of great Importance will come before
the lodge. This Is the opportunity for you
to secure your Jubilee bndire.
CHAS. WILSON, N. G.
W. H. BRITT, R. S.
PACIFIC ' 7P No. IS. I. .O. O. ,-s*tf*si3s»-
F.— Will ...ltiate THIS EVEN- dggjggKi
ING. Sept. 14, 1899. Visitors in- -=s%f*f^r
vlted.
F L. TURPIN, Noble Grand.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH. Rec. Sec.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle f Club __ cy v.
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3^. %kJ/J
ING, Fraternity Hal!, 32 O'Farrell "*•_(_£*
st., at 8 p. m. A full attendance re-
quested. JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder^
ACCOUNTANTS.
fc. X BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
_AGUIKE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ha-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-885 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
CLARA FOLT7J. attorney at law, Crocker
bldg.; tel. Black 71; practices in all courts.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building, 927
Market: consultation free: no fees In advance.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market St.. room 67; ad vie* j
free: charge low; business pushed.
KAIiLK & NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckels building. 927 Market st.
All VlCE 'free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714
Market St., S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan; elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up; !
•ultes without board. $1 per day; single rooms,
Me; Fpecnil rates by month, also to tourists. ;
AN exceedingly quiet and attractive home is .
open to a tew appreciative people; terms, in
advance, $35. Home, box 2267, Call.
EDDY" 60S— Nicely furnished rooms and board;
private; gas; bath; running water; hot, cold.
ELLIS Co7— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board; tath; telephone: gas; piano.
GEARY, 532— The Lor.gworth— Elegantly fur-
nished front suit; single rooms: excellent brd.
GEARY. P3S— Elegant suite, bath, front gar-
den, separate entrance; also single rooms.
O'FARRELL, 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POST. 1114 — Handsomely furnished sunny
rooms, with board; references.
ROOM and board cheap. 346 Howard st.
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished rooms
and board: all modern conveniences.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— A girl between 4 and Bto board in i
fine old German family; best of care and !
cooking. Apply between 6 and 9 p. m. at
3 Cleveland Bt. ,
WANTED— or two children to board. 306
Bar! • st. Use piano; near school.
WANTED— I or i children to board at 439
Minna st.
WANTED— Infant to board; $10 per month, 210
Lexington aye. '
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Bonk Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sl2o0 — DAIRY, produce and delicacy store
In' very best location and doing a good pay-
ing business; elegantly fixed up; sell whole
or take partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 90b
Market st.
$3500— CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
St.; rent $55; old-establ. and good paying
place; no credit; all cash custom. Inquire H.
G. WILKE. MM Market st,
A $7&0 PAPER route: call and examine. R.
G. WILKE, 906 Market st. ■
CORNER saloon with « rooms; rent
$60; mercantile lunch; surrounded by whole-
tale houses and Iron foundries; place clearing
above $150 per month; lease; a splendid offer.
R. G. WILKE, &06 Market st.
A— $45OO— THE leading restaurant and oyster
parlor on Market st.: open day and night; no
better paying place In this city; lease. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
CORNER saloon, with side entrance and
clubroom; runs $6C; choicest location; 1 block
from Phelan building. R. G. WILKE. 906
Market st.
A— slsoo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
point: rent $40; a good -paying store; estab-
lished years; full value In sight; all cash
trade. Call R. O. WILKE. 806 Market st.
«75— RESTAURANT: location where 1000
persons employed; meals 2<ic: rent $15; must
sell. STENBERG & CO., 26V_ Kearny st.
$700— BAKERY; One location: handsome
store; 6 bunny living rooms; 3 good horses,
wagon; baking thi barrels flour dally; owner
retiring. STENBERG & CO., 2«<* Kearny st.
A '■■- $375
» Cigar Stand
fronting popular hotel of 700 rooms. STEN-
BERG & CO.. 26 1 * Kearny st.
BARGAINS this week. HEALY. 917 Market
Saloon; 3 rooms; at half value $275
Grocery and bar; fine location; rooms 223
Partner In rest, business; clears $75 each. 250
Bakery, confer., cigars, etc.; country town 600
Restaurant clearing $100 month: vicinity Mar-
ket and City Hall; best of reasons for selling.
A— S3OO— SALOON, 4 fur. rms. ; good chance
man and wife. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— S3OO— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen; 3 rms.;
good bus. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
A— GROCERY, bar: good cor.: n. Market;
$20 to $30 day. KREDO & CO., 22'^. Geary st.
I-CHAIR shop with bath and living rooms
overhead In country town for sale at a great
sacrifice, ■ account sickness. Inquire of D.
STOLTZy 630 Market st.
BARBERS— SI7S; 2-*' hair shop, fine fixtures,
near S. F. : fine location; good prices; cheap
rent; $25, $30 week. JONES, 565 Market st.
}£-..>— RESTAURANT on Market; bargain for
man and wife; this day. COWING & CO.,
595 Market st. -
HERE In a chance— Saloon with 7 rooms, suit-
able /or family: in best part of city; low
rent; will sell cheap; doing splendid business;
owner's retirement voluntary; no agents, pur-
chasers only sought. Address box 8042, Call.
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon:
side entrance to tamale cafe; fair stook and
a good business. €32 Market St., room 6.
BARBER shop and bath liousc for sale cheap;
South San Francisco, San Mateo County; sell
on account of sickness. i
TO LET— Fine business location, northwest
corner Post and Larkin; 1003 Larkln, living
room, $17 50. JO2 Eddy_ ''
INVENTOR of an Indispensable tool wants a
moneyed partner; a good thing. Box &50,
Call office. . ' .■
•700— SALOON— Beat location city; near Market
St.: central; fine business. BABILE. 3 Eddy.
WOOD, coal yard: must be sold; double and
single team. 103$ Sutter St. > . _
$400— PARTNER wanted in wholesale and re-
tail business. Address box 1561, Call.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location: good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
Al CIGAR store for sal Inquire at HOFF-
MAN CO., 106 Turk »C -~-^l«:.
UUStNKSS CHANCES —
! BARBER shop with good trade for sale or rent;
furnished, complete. Box 2268, Call office.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket st; widely known and well advertised;
steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line of business;
rare chance for active party. Communicate at
once with D. K. N., box 3203, Call office; no
j agents. ■"■''. T-v--- ".
SALOON— S3SO; fixtures alone worth price. 12
Seventh st., I. O. O. F. building, opposite
now Postofflce building.
FOB sale cheap— Hotel and bar In Crockett.
Cal.; fully furnished; good stock. Inquire at
117 Battery st.. San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA House, opp. California Thea-
ter. 421 Bush st. cor. of Kearny — 48 rooms;
gflij. water In every room; price $800. ' ,
1 FOR SALE— Horseshoeing department In black-
smith shop. Address box 23, Call Branch of-
fice, 106 Eleventh st.
CASH grocery, dally receipts, $23; rent $13; sold
at a sacrifice, owner having to leave at once.
Address box 792. Call office. Oakland.
I A CHANCE for. house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926 Wash-
j ington st.
' COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO.
W. CASWELL A C0.'5.\412 Sacramento st
I PRIVATE boarding house; 15 rooms; all full;
north of Market. Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale;. this paper. '
Apply Call office. " j
'. FOR sale — Good paying inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
! DELIVERY wagon carrying one ton; top and
1 road buggy, good as new. . SHAW, 1621 Markt.
STRONG grocery wagon, top, fine horse and
harness: cheap. 1423 Powell st. i
I 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagon*, carts, j
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
I ALL kinds of wagons, bungle?, carts, harness. j
j etc. rlieap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
CARPET BEATING -AND CLEANING. I
WHEN rou become disgusted with poor work
| send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
I beating Works. 353-237 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 342 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
, J. M.-QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.: tel. South 223; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 02 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394. QUO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
I CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. i
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 4.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTlCA~Cleanlng and Toilet Compounds and
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and i
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure ,
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. j
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st j
CLAIRVOYANTS AND m MUTUALISM.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and '
card reader; born with double veil and second \
Eight; diagnoses disease; full life readings: ;
ladles, 50c; gents. $1; sittings. {1 50. 126 Turk.
C STEERS, medium. 112H Oak st: circles j
Tuee. 8 p. m. : Thurs.. 2 p. m.; $25c; read- j
_lngs_sJL
PROF. GEE. readings, $1; test circles Tues.,
Thurs., Fri., 8 p. m. ; 2."-?. 1036 Market st. •
_____ YOUNG'S farewell test circle to-night;
10c; skeptics invited. 605 McAllister st.
CLASS In psychometry, ! p. m. ; 25c; soul cul-
ture. 8; free. 621 Turk st.
MME. LANGE, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar- !
ket, bet. 7th and Sth; fee 25c up; satisfaction. |
MME HANSON, card reader and palmist:
past, present, future; iGc. 14*' Sixth st. r. 13. |
M.Mi: MOREAU, the best medium and card i
. reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission. j
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant, j
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. i
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power in spiritualist reading; 25c up. 5 7th. .
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium, !
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards, 23c: dally, 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m. : Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. ' 105 Larkln. :
MRS. C. J.MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat. ;2&Bp.m.,loc&2sc;slttlngs daily.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O' Far-ell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GE6KGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath and yard; gar-
den. 121 Flfer St., bet. Stockton and Dupont.
FELL, 622— Sunny furnished cottage; 6 rooms;
large yard. j
TURK. 1707. near Scott— sB; neat cottage; 4 j
rooms; yard; respectable location.
SUNNY cottage, 5. 6 roonn; corner flat, 7 rms.;
bath, gas: cheap. 1876 lath St.. nr. Dolorea.
~~ DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. 8. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract- j
ed without pain by the use of electricity. gas
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; th« best and most arttetlo
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from 50c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up- flesh colored plates from $3 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. '
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry, |
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner '
Bud stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted. |
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 CO up: plat<*s, extractions free. $4 50 up; of- j
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. • Sundays, » to 3
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager. I
GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates,' $3; received 8 first
prizes: no student*: guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest - prices; v 10
operators; no students. 997 Market St. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work end fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
BET of teeth without a , plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG,. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER, 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnar-t; crown
and bridge work: open Sundays. 9 to II m.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Pout.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., San
Francisco— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy, i
English branches, civil and mining engineer- i
ing, assaying, blowpipe,- geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— theory, <
practice, design, construction, mechanical i
drawing: 25 teachers; individual instruction; j
200 graduates annually placed In positions; I
students can. enter for any course any time;
. no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata- j
logue free. ' , |
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A.. Mason :
and Ellis sts.— Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial — Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, ; mechanical and j
architectural drawing, German, Spanish, j
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution, i
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc. j
A membership privilege. Call or send for |
school catalogue. Tuition, within reach of all. j
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St., short- '
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, . telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory school !
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses: references, Pres.
Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and ' reporters "as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, 'electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey,aesay,archl.;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
GUITAR taught scientifically and artistically.
Mrs. C. J. & Miss Elsie Tooker, 1008 Bush st.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory, of
Lelpslc; lessons, 76c. ■ 320 Golden Gate aye.
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in "• families. - 954
Adeline St., Oakland. -
SINGING piano: Paris grad.; French. Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 O. G. aye., r.:5-f; hours 2 to B.;w
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F., and 305 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
,. lnees College. 305 Larkln st, opp. ■ City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, gram mar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899.
EMPLOYMENT: OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr.' Sutter; . tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
COMPETENT second girl desires situation;
best of ref. ; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ' "■ , \ .
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situa-
tion; understands her business; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN, 325 ' Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; bt'st reference; city or country. MISS
H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires a situa-
tion: reference. MISS H. CULLINAN. 223
i Suiter st; phone Main 651.
AN experienced, neat, steady Swedish girl will
be willing to do any kind of work in private
family; steady place wanted: best references:
wages from $25 to $SO. Call or address 255
Harriet st. -
! COMPETENT woman would like to take care
of two children from a year up; can read;
also mending; or go as companion for chil-
dren? city reference*. Box 3293, Call.
RELIABLE young girl with reference wishes
situation to take care of children and up-
| stairs work; state wages. Address M. G.,
Call branch office, 300 Hayes st.
, WANTED— By a respectable woman, a situa-
I tion for housework; no . objection to small
washing; good plain cook. Call 231 Langton.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would take care of baby
by day, or do cleaning in hotel; sleep home.
j 32>-s Tehama Ft. , ■- •
I AN old lady, good cook, wants work In small
family; good home and reasonable wages.
I Call at 418 Powell st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation: also
Eastern girl wishes light upstairs work or
! care of children. Call at 773 O'Farrell St.
SITUATION wanted by tailoress to work on
custom-made pants. Address MRS. MAY LE
FILS, 412 Santa Clara St., Vallejo, Cal.
j SWEDISH lady wishes position to do house-
• work. 1028 Carolina st, near Twenty-third.
WOMAN wishes work by day; good laundress.
4035 Twenty-sixth st.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as nurse: good reference. 618 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do
upstairs work; German or American family
preferred. Call at 2G62 Twenty-first street,
near York. ; __^
' COMPETENT woman wishes work, by the day:
| first-class laundress; makes herself generally
useful; best references given. Call at 120
1 Wlldey st, near Stelner, bet. Bush and Pine.
WOMAN with a child would like to do house-
work; city or country. 28 Eighth st, Sher-
man House, room 77.
WANTED— By a first-class German cook, a
position In private family. Address J. S..
238 Twenty-seventh st.
LADY deslreß position at chamber work. Call
I at 325 Minna St., room 6.
j WANTED — Work by the day washing and
I housecleaning. Address Grocery. 1543 Eddy st.
I WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. ;
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 A a-
lencla st
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE^and Japanese Employment Ofttc»;
best help. «I4V$ OFarrell st. ; tel. East 429.
MIDDLE-AGED man with large, experience,
used to handle large gang of men, speaking
three languages, would like position to run
large ranch. Box 2269, Call.
I COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
j manent situation; city or country. Commu-
I t nicate with box 2271, Call office.
WANTED by a young man, a position In gro-
| eery store;" willing to make himself useful In
I store and on delivery wagon; good reference.
G. F. S.. box 3292, Call. ■
! ENGINEER and machinist; young and prac-
tical; any kind of engine; all kinds of re-
-1 pairing; also electrical machinery; Al refer-
! ence.. Box 3294. Call.
iBY steady, industrious, middle-aged man as
generally useful on place; attends horses,
i cows, garden, etc.: low wages: city and Oak-
. land references. Box 2266, Call.
A YOUNG German wants situation In private
family to work in garden or In house; has
good references: willing to do anything. Ad-
dress PAUL BT-INER, 1043-1045 Market.r.63.
YOUNG man going to 6chool would like a
place in private family for his board and
lodging. Address box 3283. Call office.
AN Eastern young college and law school man.
Just admitted, desires position In a law of-
fice; salary moderate. Address box 2270, Call. ;
COACHMAN and general man wants situation;
single, good worker: good references. Address
Stable, 1217 California st., city.
SITUATION by first-class gardener (German);
i experienced In all branches: best of refer-
| ences: city or country. Address A. M., box
06, call office.
SITUATION wanted by young single man to
drive milk baker or laundry wagon. Ad-
dress 915% Market st.
YOUNG man wants position driving wagon for
wholesale liquor house; thoroughly acquaint-
ed with city streets. Box 2264, Call office.
JAPANESE wishes work cleaning house by !
day. week or month. Address SASAKI, 523
Jessie st.
YOUNG Frenchman, lately from Paris, speaks j
English, wants employment as a butler; pri- i
vate family or hotel: good references. Apply
CASTIES A.. New Western Hotel.
WANTED — Position by a young • American |
gardener; country preferred. Address " Call,
box 2008.
AN honest young man, 19 years, would like I
work out of school hours. Box 2037. Call.
DRUGGIST; position as clerk; city or coun-
try: reference given. Box 2036, Call.
WANT situation; steward or manager in small
house, with references; wide experience; good
reputation: great ability; sober and econom-
ical- capable to fill any vacancy In the house;
will go anywhere. - GEO. k STALL, New York
Exchange, San Jose.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10! X Va-
leririn Et.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071^ Market st.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin st, nr. Golden Gate.
FINE sunny flat; three large rooms and bath;
latest Improvements; key 713 .Grove st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 1445 McAllister.
TWO flats. 5 and 6 rooms and yard; $18 and
$20. ' 8570 Seventeenth st. n*ar Guerrero.
UPPER flat of 6 sunny rooms and bath. 117
Perry st., bet. Third and Fourth.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st.
$20— LOWER flat, 8 rooms, porcelain bath and j
sink 2 mantels, pantry, yard. 2105 Jones st.
2 CHOICE sunny, flats: 6 and 7 rooms, bath:
sanitary plumbing. 1336-1340 Fell, nr. Baker.
. FLATS TO LET FURNISHED."
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms and bath;
sunny yard. 11l Fell st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brussel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 6<"ic; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.
WALNUT bedroom set. mattress, $14; pine bed-
room set, mattress, $11. 23!) A Shipley st.
FURNITURE of an 8-room flat for sale; no
agents. Call between 11 and 3, 7 Hyde st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
♦ FURNITURE WANTED. ~
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M. Silversteln, 1121 Market
2ND hand— Hiyh'^t "ayn urlre paid. ST>ff Mission.
FUBRIKR-, furs; ETC . •
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan toques, $10 to
$30. ROOT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny; top floor.
HELP WASTED FEMALE. -~~
WANTED— OId and reliable firm requires s»rv-
Ices of Intelligent lady; $15 per week; easy
work, short ! hours. Address Dept. H. Globe
Co., 723 Chetnut st., Philadelphia, Pa. .
WANTED— A girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work
1175 A Market st.
OPERATORS on body machine., U. 8. L.AUN-
DRY, Sixteenth fit., near Valencia.
WANTED— GirI with . experience In sewing in
an .upholstery store. 2306 FUlmore st. ■;
TAILORESS wanted on military . pants. 1278
Ellis «t. ,■■■■ ■,•.•,; ■■■-.- ■
A YOUNG girl apprentice to learn halrdress-
trade. S. STRQZYNSKI. 24 Geary st.
HELP ■WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waitress and 2 waitresses, cafe, south,
tare here; 12 waitresses, different country
hotels, $20, many of them fare here: 4 wait-
resses, city, $20; 6 restaurant waitresses, $3
and $6; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses, $2u;
woman cook for small country hotel, $30;
fancy ironer, $25, country steam laundry; neat
young hall girl, $15.
FAMILY ORDERS
25 girls of all nationalities for cooking and
general housework, $15 to $30; German conk,
$30; second girl, Jewish family, $20; nurse
girl, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— 3 second girls, $25, one for city,
two for country; German second girl, city,
$20; 4 second girls, $20; 4 first-class German
cooks, $30, city; boarding-house cook, coun-
try, $30; cook for country hotel, $35; 8 wait-
resses and chambermaids for country hotels,
$20; 12 waitresses for hotels and restaurants
in city and country, $20 and $5 and $G a week:
laundress for institution. $20; 6 nurses and
nurse girls at $20 and $15; a large number of
glrl6 for general housework In city and coun-
try too numerous to advertise, with and with-
out washing. $20 and $25. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
PLAIN laundresß, $25 to $30; country; see party
here 9:30 o'clock. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID. $15 per month. MIS 3 CUL-
LEN, 825 Sutter st.
COOK for roadhouse, $25 to $30; cook, ranch,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, institution. $16; nurse girl, $20;
German girl for bakery, $20: chambermaid,
$15; housekeeper, $20. Scandinavian preferred;
house girl, 2 in family, $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
2 COOKS at $25; 4 girls, housework. $20; 8 girls
for general work at $15. and others. MISS
WEBSTER, Employment Bureau, 964 Broad-
way, Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced waist hand; none
other need apply; also apprentice girls to
learn dressmaking. Emporium Dressmaking
Department.
WANTED— GirI for general housework for
family of 2 in flat; light washing; wages $15.
Particulars at 3232 Jackson St.; bring refs.
THREE attractive Klrls from 16 to 18 years
old. Call at SHREVE & BARBER. 529
Kearny St., from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m.
FINE ironers; lace work and children's bon-
nets: good wages. Apply La Grande Laundry,
Twelfth St., S a. m.
BY a lady who can read and do mending from
9 a. m. to 5 p. m., Sundays excepted. 1020
Van Ness aye.
HONEST elrl wanted to tfork In fruit store;
wages to start. $3 week and found: must have
experience B>lid referpnoe. BROWN, 107 Eddy.
WANTED— Person to give lessons In Whitney
tailor system of '93. Box 2044, Call olrice.
GIRL to do good cooking and general house-
work; 2 in family. 138 Twelfth at.
WANTED— A girl of 15 to assist In light house-
work. 1523 Golden Gate aye.
GIRL with experience In tailoring wanted at
KJ Mission st.
GIRL for light housework. 1910 Polk at., near
Jackson.
PANTS finishers wanted; good wages; steady
Job. Apply 108 Battery St., Friday morning.
WANTED— Talloress; felling hand. 1007V4
Larkln St.; call early.
WANTED— First-class skirt makers. SCHIM-
MEL A STOVER, 408 Sutter st.
BRIGHT lady to canvass end collect; $10
weekly easily earned. Box 3295, Call office.
GERMAN girl for housework; 16 or over. 461
Guerrero st.
YOT'NG girl to assist with children. Call 615
Third st.
YOI'NG srlrl to help In kitchen and wait at
table; small restaurant. 258 Flint st.
GIRL to assist In light housework and baby.
812 Ellis st.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $10. 1512
Polk st.
GIRL to assist In housework; $12 to $15; refer-
ences. 1737 Sutter St.
TWO girls to work at tailoring. 2818 Green-
wich st.
TAILORESS and girl to help sew; steady; good
pay. 2519 Greenwich st.
IRONERS wanted by U, S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION, Sixteenth st., near Valencia.
APPRENTICES on coats, pants and vests.
BELABCO & HARRIS,. CO., 541 Market Bt.
GIRL or woman; light housework. 732 Fulton
street.
FIRST-CLASS braiders wanted at SCHIM-
MEL A STOVER'S, 40S Sutter st.
WANTED— Chambermaid at Park Hotel. 18J0
Haifht st.
FIRST-CLAHB finishers on pantß and coats;
good wages. 541 Market St.
WANTED— Four ladies who want to make $12
week Call 472^ Thirteenth St., Oakland.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD.. Brannan
Bt.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan »t., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS'. GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI RTRAUSS A CO.. ZtV, Fremont it..
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and "ill take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED -Female help at National Laundry.
411 Sanchez st.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking. 1048
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — German-speaking girl for small
family; wages $20. Inquire 627 Baker st.
PANTS finishers and operators on coats; rood
wages. 541 Market st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
176 San Jose aye.
TAILORESS as finisher on pants. 5V4 Kearny
St.. room 18.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla st
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Short-order cook, $40; hotel cook,
country, $50; night cook, country, $35: res-
taurant cooks, $40 and $12 week; 4 cooks and
wives for country, $55, $60 and $65; restaurant
second cook, $15; hotel waiters, $30; oyster
man, $35 and $50; kitchen man for dishwash-
ing, potwashlng, etc.. $5 to $25. J. F. CROB-
ETT A CO., 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— 3 quartz miners, $2 60 day and
board; butch<*r tor shop, $10 week: sheep-
herders, $25; stableman, $30; blacksmith, $2
and board: married man about place $35;
dairyman and wife; machinist for country,
$2 50 day: carpenters, $2 to $3. free fare; in-
side servant, private family, $20. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— 2S scraper teamsters for new job,
$2 day; 10 scraper holders, $1 75 day: 75 labor-
ers for mines, mills, railroads and other
work; sand wagon teamsters and others. J.
F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 816 Stockton st— 2 waiters,
country. $30 and $25; night cook, $35; chef,
$76; dishwashers, $16 to $30; barkeeper, $36:
butler and wife, $55: gardener, $25; 2 men for
wine cellar, country.
SECOND cook, $40; 2 waiters, $25: bellboy. $10;
porter, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Mont-
gomery *t.
WANTED— WaIter first-class house, $35 (side
money), dishwasher. $20. MISSES WHIT-
MORE 1 R. US Eighth St., Oakland, bet. Wash-
ington and Clay.
WANTED— Young man who understands open-
ing oysters and can assist In cooking, at
Stockton: steady place for right man. 777
Market St.. care DAVE EARL; Inquire for
DALY.
STEADY man satisfied with $16 to $18 per we^k
wanted for permanent place; light work;
must have $75 cash; experience not necessary.
1032 Market St., room 4.
TWO first-class sheetlron workers. HOL-
BROOK. MERRILL & STETSON, Market
and Beale sts.
WANTED— Young man who lives with family
for clerk In insurance office; only first-class
references. Box 8254. Call office.
WANTED — Two bedmakers. middle-aged;
steady work; apply between 6 and 8 p. m. A.
J. HOWE. New Adelaide House, 614 Howard.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272, Call.
STHong !.•■> tn learn trade. Apply superin-
tendent. THOB. DAT CO.. 725 Mission st.
VPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1512 Polk st.
SMART man to call on private families: salary
and commission; S to 11. W. W. BROWN,
511 Montgomery st.
TAlLOR— Bushelman wanted. 2808 Greenwich
street.
TWO bright boys; wages $3 50 per week.
Union Square Market, 212 O'Farrell st.
BOY from 16 to 16 years to count towels In
MERCANTILE TOWEL CO., 251 Jessie st.
BOY to work In candy store well recommended.
£12 Valencia Bt
HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY.. 7.7. PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
TO THE MINES
9 miners, gold mine I' 0
36 laborers for a mine, no experience $b0
34 laborers,' fare $1 50 $34 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOILERMAKERS CARPENTERS
2 boilermakers. steady country job.. s3 75 day
6 carpenters, 8 hours' work, 12 miles from
San Francisco, free fare, 6 months' Job —
$3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
FRUIT PICKERS $30 and found
grape pickers
612 men and boys, no experience required,
you will suit, to pick fruits, grapes, etc.,
$30 per month and found, fares $1 50, office
fee $1, 80 to 90 days' work
MURRAY & REApY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO SAWMILLS WE PAY YOUR FARES
IG4 men as laborers, no experience required,
wages $26 to $40 and found; also every class
of woodsmen, sawmill help, Horn $80 to $30
and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COAL MINERS.... FARE PAID.... FOR SALT
LAKE
25 coal miners, $3 50 day, fare paid
_ MURRAY & READY.634 and 636 Clay Bt.
FREE WE SHIP YOU FREE
drillers, hammersmen, stonemasons, concrete
masons, laborers, teamsters, section hands,
etc., to every railroad in California, but one.
the one we don't send to is Coast Road, wages
from $3 50 day, board and lodging $4 50 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
MECHANICAL HELP
roller man, flour mills coopers
wood turners' harness makers
carriage painters mill bench hands
9 blacksmiths' helpers
upholsterer's.. „ .stiller for winery
setter sawmill" sash door makers
cabinet makers slate splitters
blockmakers stonemasons
lathers, mattress spring makers, etc., wages
above help $4, $3 50, $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 836 Clay at.
$3 50 DAY.. HARVEST HELP. HAY BALERS
34 men for harvest fields. $3, $2 60, $2. *1 75 day
$3 50 day, strong men to bale hay
DAIRIES— FARMS
12 milkers $30, $25 and found
129 farm hands; steady jobs
$35, $30, $25 and found
CHORE MEN AND BOYS
36 chore men and boys for all places, stores,
! factories, manufacturing companies, learn 24
trades, etc.. $40, $30. $26, $25, $20. $15, $10 and
found, and by the day. MURRAY &
RF.ADY. C34-K36 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP
4 farmers and wives 3 cooks and wives
waiter and chambermaid, $50, $40, $35 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
26 teamsters and laborers, $2, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
BIG WAGES~T
26 laborers manufacturing companies, fare
60c $60
60 laborers fare 40c $60
24 laborers fare $1 $34 and found
20 laborers for a quarry $57 and $63
12 laborers, city Job $60
26 two-horse teamsters $2 25 day
355 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California; wages $3, $2 50. $2. $1 75 <Jay
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
HOTEL DEPT COME AND SEE
39 cooks $50, $45, $40, $30, $25 and found
27 waiters $35, $30, $25, $20 and found
63 dishwashers $30, $2.1, $20, $15 and found
7 porters. 3 bell boys, 4 pantrymen. 2 Jani-
tors $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
above places are In hotels, Institutions, res-
taurants, saloons, camps, mines, boarding-
houses, ranches, etc. ; first, second, third
cooks, broilers, etc. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay St.
'BAKERS LAUNDRY STABUE HELP
3 first. 5 second, 7 third hand bakers and boys
to learn $40, $35, $30, $25. $20, $15 and found
6 laundrymen $35, $30 and found
6 Ftablenv-n $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
WANTED— 3 men to work In winery for first-
class vineyard company, $30 and board; fur-
nace man for quicksilver mine, no objection
'to married man, $ ( >5 and free rent: 2 more
miners', $2 25 per day: milkers, farmers, la-
borers for brickyards "and other places; 10 men
to ton beets, no experience required, easy
work and good, long Job at $30 per month and
board and free fare, and 100 others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Neat office boy for business office;
$3 per week and increase. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
ALL-ROUND tailor; steady work. Call or ad-
dress JOE PRINCE, Bakersfleld, Cal.
DISTRIBUTOR and marker. Apply La Grande
La u ndry, Twelfth St., 8 a. m.
WANTED— A good cook. • 1923 Flllmore st.
PRESSER and tailor wanted: steady work
and good pay. 2519 Greenwich st.
WANTED— C.ood barber with references. Amer-
ican barber shop, San Luis Obtspo, ■ 'al.
BARBER wanted for Thursday afternoon,
Friday and Saturday. 623 Clay Bt.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 627
Broadway.
EXPERIENCED beer bottlers on export. Ap-
ply at Western Bottling Co.. 409 Eighth St.
BOY bet. lIS and lfr years to work In fruit
store. <'or. Fourth anr Minna sts.
DISHWASHER wanted at 3282 Mission Bt.
.WANTED— Lunch waiter at C 23 Fourth Bt.
PORTER at liirtnmani Biiths' barber shop. 11
Grant aye.: apply early.
PLUMBER'S* helper. 432 Devlsadero st
SMART young man for collector. Box 2046.
Call.
GOOD marker and distributor at St. Nicholas
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sta.
WANTED — Bushelman at RAPHAEL'S, at
once.
MAN for nursery work and Jobbing garden-
ing. Call 500 HaiEht st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 8 Jackion st.
WANTED— Lunch waiter at 258 First Bt.
THIRD hand on bread; $25 and board. 2808
Twenty-fourth st.
INTELLIGENT young man to work about fur-
niture store. 1512 Polk at.
FIRST-CLABS barber wanted; no others need
apply. 1405 Polk at.
BUGGYWASHER who thoroughly understands
city. 1314 Grove, st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Flllmore it.
PAPERHANGER wanted in the morning. ISIB
Stockton st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on new work or repair-
ing. 202 Second st.
WANTED— Respectable young boy to work In
store. 1206 Polk at.
WANTED— Bootblack. 39^ Turk at.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer. 2304 Fillmore at.
BARBER wanted ; Bteady. 108 Fourth st
YOUNG man to work In saloon: wages $8 per
week. Box, 2047. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cnatmaker to work by week;
good wages. 225>4Montgomery aye.
DISHWASHER. 120*4 Taylor st.
WANTED— By a Tampa factory making a fine
line of clear Havana cigars, a good salesman
for the Pacific Coast with established trade;
state experience, reference* and terms. Ad-
dress box 433, Tampa, Fla.
OPERATORS on custom coats; good wages.
BELASCO A HARRIS CO., 541 Market at.
$75 BUYS 3-chalr barber shop; rent $10; good 10c
trade; sickness ; investigate. 533 Sixth st.
MANUFACTURER wants solicitor to run cof-
fee and Bpice wagon; must have city experi-
ence. Address box 2064, Call, stating experi-
ence and references.
GOOD permanent position awaits a first-class
traveling salesman; state experience and com-
pensation expected. Box 2263. Call.
WANTED— 2 good barbers; steady Job. Apply
871 Market at., opp. Powell.
BARBERS— 2-chalr shop; cheap; fine location;
good prices; short hours. 503 Washington at.
WANT grocery clerk. 725 Folaom St.; call bet.
1 and 2 p. m.
DISTRIBUTOR wanted at United States Laun-
dry Association. Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
CO ATM A KERB wanted. 1110 Market st.
WANTED— Gardener who understands raising
cut flowers; chance to buy business or become
partner. JOHN POUYAL, IAI Polk Bt.
GOOD coatmaker. THOMAS E. KENT, 121
Post at., room D, third floor.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEIN'7.'
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs!
WANTED-Barkeeper. Corner Lombard and
Lyon fits., Presidio.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance
CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
j>rlce. 562 Mission St., bet. lit and 2d ita.
HELP 'WANTED -^
150 GRAPE PICKERS $1 and found
Large strong boys and men to pick grapes,
no experience required, for Fresno County;
2^3 months' work.' ' C." R. "haNSEN * 'CO.;
104 Geary St., Employment Agents.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as la-
borers, . teamsters or tunnelmen, at wages of
$1 75 to '$2 75 a day, can secure It from .us
free of any expense to the work. C. R.
HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE.......... FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborers, teamsters and tunnel-
men. wages $1 75 to $2 75, for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
80 TEAMSTERS, $2 a day, board $4 50; 8 men
to timber a tunnel, $2 a day; 10 laborers, $1 re
a day 1 Free Fare
For the Valley road. C. R. HANSEN _ CO..
104 Geary st. ' ■ ___________
STONEMASONS, $4 a day; helpers, $2 25; free
tare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
NIGHT clerk and tend bar, country hotel.
$20 and ■ found, experienced young ■ man. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
HARNESS repairer, R. R. camp. $1 25 a day
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
TIME and bookkeeper for a camp, $35 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 GeaTy at.
EXPERIENCED man for fruit and poultry
stand; $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
6 GRAPE pickers. Contra Costa Co., free fare
both ways. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
CABINET-MAKER, $2 50 a day: boy for a
factory. $5 a week; farm hand, $25 and found:
7 laborers for the woods. 530 and round; 10
.laborers, $2 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
COOK for officers' mess, $30 to $40; cook for a
club $60; second cook, country hotel, $40;
third hand on cake, $32 50: 2 cooks, $« a week;
second cook, $14 a week; fry cook, $60; vege-
table man and cut meat, $30; night cook, $50;
kitchen help, $20 and $25. .
Walter, country hotel. $30; 2 waiters, city,
$35: waiters, $8, $7 and $6 a week. C. . R.
HAXSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary at. ]_
TWO colored waiters, north, $27" 50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. . -
MARKER and distributor, hotel, $30 and found;
marked and distributor, $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rlal art; constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 685 Clay st. _
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaila.i Islands. Manila, Alaska, New York.
W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st.
HIGHEST price paid for cast-off shoes, cloth-
ing and tools. S. BERKOWITZ, 534 Pacific.
GET your shoes half-»oled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. E(l2 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2nd sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing. 20c to 35c; heeling, 15c up. 9*3 Howard st.
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. ■ • •
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter St.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at 3. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 138% Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bids;.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 150 and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rai.
SINu^E rooms, 15c," 20c, 25c » t night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863% Market St.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market «■* . below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 131
! WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
SORREL Stanford mare, 6 years old, 700. San
Jose aye., corner Twenty-ninth st.
MISSION. Well-broke horses; all kinds;
Just arrived from country.
FAMILY horse, buggy, harness for sale cheap
for want of use. 303 Mission st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary Dentist. SOS Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES— LODGING FOR SALE.
H7~a~DECKER. 1020 Market stTToppT Fifth!
MY BEST BARGAIN
TO-DAY. 15-ROOM CORNER
COST $1000; PRICE $400
64 rooms; best in city 1,600
12 rooms on O'Farrell St.; large yard $375
14 rooms on Mission St.: clears $50,. 600
30 rooms, corner; rent $55 750
18 rooms on Turk, near Market '. 550
48 rooms on Market St.: rent $75 1,800
4S-room hotel In Oakland 2,600
SO-room house: clears $300 2,800
20 rooms on Eddy St.; must sell 600
26 rooms; corner; apartment house 1,600
11-room house; one floor 350
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2.200
60 rooms; elegant corner; clears $500 3,750
7-room flat $150: 8-room flat 350
110 rooms; fine corner; clears $600 6.500
36 rooms on Market St.: clears $200 1,450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING CLEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st.
Over Wonder Millinery Store.
14 rooms; Taylor Ft.: good house $650
17 rooms; rent $65; central 900 1
24 rooms; Fifth 6t.; rent $50 .'. 550 I
46 rooms; rent $75: corner 1200
40 rooms; corner; rent $80 1250
— Money to loan at 2 "per cent
$300— SNAP; 45 rooms'; fine location: all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy Ft.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near!
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
$450—20 ROOMS; finely furn.; north of Market;
all rented; rent $50 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy. |
$175— 21 -ROOM house; rent $45; must sell. BA- j
SILE, 3 Eddy st. _ '
$375— NEAT lodging house, 14 r. _ b. ; nicely
fur.; paying well; N. Mrkt. Box 2032. Call.
$400— ROOMING house; nicely furnished; cen-
tral. Address box 2265, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~ HOUSES TO LET. ~
SIXTH. 121— 11 rooms; suitable for lodgings; j
airy and light; rent reasonable.
HOUSE of 5 rooms. 2939 Mission St., near !
Twenty-sixth; $10 per month.,
HOUSE of 6 rooms; entirely renovated; base-
ment and yard. 1205 Golden Gate aye. • '
HOUSE hunting ■ made easy with the printed i
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
REAR: 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2618
: MiEslon st. . .
$11— HOUSE of six rooms and bath. 735 Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia st. . . . ...
HYPNOTISM.
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital 339
Ellis: fee with private room, board 'and
treatment. $15 n week. 1 ■ '
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— the Callfornia-st. railway, Hyde-st
branch, or -on the Sutter-st. railway Polk
. Bt. branch, or at the Mechanics' Pavilion 1
lady's diamond pin, buckle-shaped; suitable
• reward. MAIN & WINCHESTER, 214 Bat
Sunday, gray feather boa; liberal re- '
ward. San Francisco Shoe House. 933 Market. I
LOST— Black greyhound pup, bitch. Liberal i
reward at 237 Golden Gate aye. .
LOST-Gold ring; name on inside John Krisha i
Return to 427 Fourth St.; reward. "°" J - |
FOUND— SIO. Address box 2065, Call office. j
MEDICAL. ~~~
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: Chinese tea I
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay st. San
Francisco: all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties bein_ used;
advice free; hours. 8:30 to 11 a. m 1 to i
and 7 to » d. m.
MR J? ' DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
■ Ket si., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours. 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. W Y ETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
M ££ »*■ OWTJ6R. ladles' physician. 510
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and \ Larkln.
MRS. D «. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 122S
Market St.. between Taylor and Jones.
DR. TOPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny Bt. -
MR « • ??•' WEGENER, ; ladles' physician: medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS ALLEN, ladles' physician. 228 Van New
■ aye.. bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
D«. WON HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason it. "
MISCELLANEOUS SALE.
BOILERS, engine?, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, V.ij-VJ- Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1013-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth. , ■ .' ■
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirror*,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A $25 WASHBURN mandolin. $13; a $30 Dob-
son banjo. $12; a pearl inlaid Stuart for $10;
a 30-mile power field glass, cost $00. for $16;
a Colt's $41. for J7; a $4.", 10-bore Parker shot-
gun for $10. All at UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye.- '
FIRE and burglar-proof Safe for sale and
National cash register. 42 Main St.
TO FARMERS: 7*l ~~~
Any one desiring good seed wheat at reason-
able rates can have same by applying to my
address. The wheat was raised on .the coast
side of San Mateo County. L. COBURN, Pes-
cadero, San Mateo County. Cal. -_
PAINTERS' falls, ladders, planks, stages, etc.;
must be sold at once; between 6 and 7 p. m.
534 Polk st. .
ONE 1-6 H. P. alternating motor, $6; 1 roll top
oak desk, large, new, coat $70, for SIS; 500
loaded shells, $1 per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors,
850 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, all pui poses; new and
second hand: carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO., 1309 Mission st.. near Ninth.
FINE thoroughbred mastiff dog for sale. 36!
San Carlos aye.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F-. Cal.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND billiard table in {food order;
complete. 835 Folsom St.. WM. BATEMAN.
FOR SALE— Windmill, tank and pump, or tak«
a horse In trade. 121S N St. South.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathe's, wood planers. 12 and
24 in.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
1 GASOLINE engine; 15 H. P.: complete and
first-class shape. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery gt.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks exchanged,
repaired; furniture bought. 244 Stockton st.
BOILERS and engines, second hand; also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A pair of Belgium hares. Apply
1147 Mission St.; must have immediately.
WANTED— A double circular portable sawmill
and 25 H. P. engine and boiler. Address
Postofflce box 40. Qulncy, Plumas Co.. Cal.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; lons Job. E. B.
PT«~>NK •FlTnhi)T-«rt.
MONEY TO LOAN. '
ANY amount on furniture^ pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back In Installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as Ion? as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity : see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest . rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount of 6V4 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bids.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rate?- Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUBLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st?.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all gradea
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A BATCH of bargains in pianos:
Erard $76 00
Cornish 185 00
Smith & Barnes 190 00
1 Steck, 1 Chickering, 1 Weber.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
TWO fine walnut second-hand Decker & Son
Pianos They are bargains you should not
miss, at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvais". 769 Market st. Get prices at once.
BTEINWAY upright; party must have money;
make offer.- Room 21, Flood building.
A— UPRIGHT piano In fine condition: also
the famous Hornungr Bros. 216 McAllister st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD piano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17 19Market st.
A BARGAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister St.
SOHMER; Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAU7/V. 308 Post St.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st \
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st^
Desirable offices. 112 50 to $20. •_
PALMISTRY.
MME. NE ERGXA^DT^pupTPof^Count St~Ger^
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Talented young lady and gentle-
man; leading roles for big local production.
Address box 2063, Call.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st. .
RAG carpets wove to i rder and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
OUR leather is carved in Mexico; beautiful
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Quintonica is the only hair tonic
that fills all requirements; clean, glossy hair
- results from its use; 35c bot. 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER Is not only the leading hairdresser,
but he restores gray hair to Its original color
for $1 50 to $5: nairdressing 25c; switches, $1
up. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st. 'V-
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark ;
Attorney at Law, ana Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting: Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broad-
way. ■■ There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments: open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING; party dresses a specialty;
U. S. tailor system; very reasonable, in
Twelfth st.  . .
— LADIES' ; tailor-made suits to order at
wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome st.
WHAT have you to exchange for course in
Spanish or singing? Box 476. Call office.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces'
beautiful ; SOc. Mrs. Butler, r. 350, Phelan bldg.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'F*rr«ll to 132 Eddy al removedPERSONALS. ]
ASSORTMENT of imported~Xnd^omesUc "rea- : ! :
nanu for suits to nnler. $10 75; pants $3 73-
-r-.-th'.r.g higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market at., ar.d»r St. Xlcnolaa Hot«l. .
RUPTURE piles cui~d: eximination free. ! '
-rs. Mar.sSeld A PorKrfielf!, >3S Market st.
JAMTSS A. SOREXSON. watchmaker and Jew- | :
el.fr. r"m<^ved to 103 Sixth st.. near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cure.'.; no knife; no ln'ec- i
.f>n: guaranty. Dr. Gordln. r.UPlae. ab Krr.y. ! .
A.— La^Uec* cr gents' clcthimc. furniture bought, i
sold; tel. Mint 937. JACOBS, i-Tia Folsc-nx st! i
E V I J. S^i 0 .,'-^ iJr o:T lay installments. __;|
Lb.S:OS. A\. Market «.. b«?t. 7th and Sth. •
WANTED- Old »-r!,l for manufaT.g. O. Nolt- i
.i-w.,,. r . us O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mascn. \
PHYSICIAXS AXD SCKGEOXS.
rR. OLIVE ORU%^rTre^Tr^atnie"nrdany~ia !
a. m. -.-..; 12 m. I2C« Market st.. room B. |
D^r- ,9- O'DONNELL. office and residence. !
1-.21U V<rk°t y?.. bet. - .- - and Seventh.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
PROPERTY WASTED.
V.-AN-TETV-Small stock and grain ranch en !
* .k parTl y furr.lshed. Address H., 102»i :
it
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE, i
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
£300 to SSOO— Sunset Heights lets from 9rr- I
i-Fs N^«e*nth aye... ready to build i
en: $25 down. $:o monthly. ; .
Branch Office. Ninth aye.. near H at. Every |
cay ana aunaay. I
$400 to $7TC— Richmond lots. $13 monthly.
$75 to tZM— Ocean Boulevard lota. $3 monthly. j
$100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lota, i
$C monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS A_sD DIAGRAiIS.
SCZ. GETZ A BROTHER,
ROOM. A. CROCKER BUILDING, j
IS" .rou have lets ncrth cf Golden Gate Park. ■
s; of First are., and you wish to sell them, ;
;a_ on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
: L"t_S_Sa corner on Point Lobes aye. at a !
forced sale; 32:6x100; only $1500; all of th* !
rurronnrtlng- blocks graded and the lets now I
being built upon: a fine chance to build up |
a i;s:r.ess; the only corner for sale In the ;
•..- u-t; *asy terms; excellent location for j
it r* and Cats, and will pay well; a rare |
:hanc*. W. J. GUNN. 41) Montgomery st.
NET HOMES .'T '
r Ive, i. 7, 9 and 10 room, houses, finished j
• .•:-. all modem conveniences, trontiiiz on |
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts.. from $31 ■-•0 '
(_C4; terms to suit purchaser. F. kel- '
- N. Batlder. I
. — t-roc_t cottage overlco_lng th« bay; 1
- i years old. with brick foundation: large j
: i<err.e-t suitable for rooma; $765. Inquire
..-i Howard st.
c S aceooat of sickness wo will sell a. $1400 ',
- Sxlli. fcr $700: great bargain. GEO. !
■ H. PATTERSOX A CO.. 17W Market st. j
■ HEAPEST ar.d fc*st in America— The Weekly |
<"ai'.. 18 pages, sent to any address in the i
United States, postpaid, for 51 per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
» L.VROE front suite; 3 rooms; unfurnished;
fCe-tera Addition; private. Box 2062. CalL
■".FTK. . '— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
FITTH. 3C3 — New house, nicely furnished runny |
i-i:'.6 3 rr.3.; complete for hskpg.; run. water. ;
FIFTH. 322 — 2 snnny front connecting koaac- i
iceepin* rocma; stove; bath; closet; private; :
rX_LMORE. . 98. near Clay — $13; I clean sunny j
r-:cms; bath; nice yard and water. j
jEART. 555 — Elegant sunny parlors, piano, '
phone: other rcoms ; li^ht hcnsekeeplng.
rOLPEN GAT- AYE.. 437— Newly and eie- :
?_atly fymished. parlor and bedroom suites; j
also single.
j'~>LDEN GATE aye., 14C4— Fine sur.nv front |
rccms, run_l_g water and tath. $10; a;s<>
r.cusekeeping rccms cheap.
HARKISCN. 733 — Four rooms, famished com- j
ptete for hcusek»t?ping; large yard, bath; V.i. j
H 3WABD, =25 — Three rccms for housekeeping: <
?ur.r.y rard- |
I'.'ANKOS, I*o2 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean. 1
rar.r.y; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to 5 r.). SIS trp:ref. \
L\R.KIN, 32<5— 2 cr 3 sunny housekeeping apart- i
meets; furnished complete: gas range; bath, j
LA" KIN. USA — Newly furnished sunny house- j
<*• rir.sr room*; gas and bath. j
IIIXNA. Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms. !
MISSION. i~— 2 front rooms fsr housekeeping, •
cheap. ,
MISSIOX, 54.). -ear Sixth— J front rooms tor- |
r.;.-hed con:plete for hcusekaeping; suitable j
for 4 in farn:ly; also others. j
C'FARRELL. 128. corner Powell— Nlc» front
r«n, $3. Apply at 15 Grant aye. j
Si"OTT. 113—2 many front rooms; partly Jur- |
-.-.-.-! for houseke«plng; gas bath. j
SEVENTH. IS2. Girard House— l large eunny |
a_f_Tni__ed room; furnlflhed suites. j
EUlTEsof 3 !arg» ■ - nt sunny rooms, kitchen
-: i~<-l b^-'r-v-m •-omplete for housekeeping; $2
per -«-k. : $* pt mo. Apply at ehoestore. 562 ;
Mission st_ bet. First and Second. i
THIRD 314— Housekeeping rooms; mite and '
at_gl«: 51 50 to $2 58. !
~HIRD 343 2 rooms; complete for houeeksep- ;
* *--?■ i
TURK -21 — 2 sunny furnished rooms, one front.
JtiUlable fcr light - isekpc ; man and wife. :
TURK. ■«•>— Sunny beiiroom and kitchen, com-
pleta for housekeeping; running water; prl- j
■•■at^' family. $14. i
TWELFTH. 120— Suite and kitchen, nicely fur- I
E:sh*i, large sunny rooms, gas range; private j
lauiiy; select locality; warm telt.
TWENTV-THIRD.372fi. near Dolores— Two sun- j
ny iay-wlndow rooms, complete.
VAN NESS AYE.. I^2l— A sunny front suite; :
or 3 rooms anJ kitchen; gas range.
A BRANCH of3ce for Call advertisements and ■
subscriptions baa been established at ICSS Va- |
l»rc:a st I
\~W'E_K'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly Call. ;
II par:3 in wra-rp^r. for mailing, jl per year ,
HOOMS t6 LET — and Infant. I
AB3OTSFORD iTT.e), cor. Broadway and Polk— |
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sonny. ,
g.rgle. luite; charges moderate; cars direct.
Tt H-:te! Francisco, Turk and Taylor (ta, — !
r'rTifV.is.* hcuse; modern service; elevator:
ba:h: rooms. 50c to $1 SO day. MRS. J. KING. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
s;jc:f<-r.?tlona has been established at 109* Vi-
>-.^::o. St. .
>-3R'CN=V.-ICK ,HOUSE. 14S Sixth — Rooms. |
2Cc to 51 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and ;
!:.efct housekeeping: open all night. !
AT N-w~ Grand 24« 3d— 200 lat-class sunny rma.. j
'.:- to $1 day;'sCc to $4 wk; also housekeeping, j
BiTt.'.-ETT 1424 Market (old No. ««4)-Fur- \
n>".-i rrr is., suites, single: a!.«o unfurnished, j
CARSOLTON '*C* Market, ccr. Golden Gat» t
av7. -Sunny 'corner; well turn, rras. a: offices. ,
EDDT.SI23 (Unite- State* "ctel;— Clean, neat
r"-...n;V. froßß ~ :a a week up- ;
Er^riY. 473— Bright sunny single room; gas: •
tnn_ lng water; $6 month. |
EJGHTH. l.'i*— Front bay-window room with
rar.i?». •i-.gie rooms $1 25 up- j
EXXXS. KB^r-Snnny furnished room; $4 a
znorth. . . ■
E"LL!S. e.TD. o:r. Larkir.— Sunny furnished bay- j
window; mantel; fclillng bed; 2 persons. i
lT."': i "EL?lOrt~7rii;"sr. 33 Turk. ccr. Taylor— New j
rv.ar.gt.; dunr.y fr:nt bay-wind, rms. ; transit, j
Fir.T<"'N. 121»4— Three siinny front furnished
roosts, water, rang?, Urge yard; rent |Ij.
fro rooms, $?.
FULTON. 2^>. cor. Van Ness— Neatly furnished
flat; 3 r-^nr.s: gas range, »th; also others.
GEARY, 4<:.-i (Th» Navarre)— Comforttble farn. ■
njoir.a; trav^iers accommodated. ■Rg.HYER.
-ALDWIN Annex Losings '330 Market s_>— }
(Jentral location: entirely new tnanai-'ment:
•.Sic-; suites and -tnglg roocca at mod, prices.
Ur.AND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and j
Mission ets.—^anr.y rooms, --. suite or single.
ia lies' parlors; reading foom; elafvator. I
HANCOCK Boss*. 7SI ills-ion— Select faallr
rooming houeg; [1 tt to » per week.
H VWTUORNE. 172, . bet. Second and Third
r.~>ar Harrison— Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional; reason_ble. -
. i
HOWABO, 715— 2"0 any rooms: nicely tor-
r-Isred: every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD. 629 — Furnished rnoras from $1 p^r
w>?ek up; aiso housekeeping and tranal«*nt-
HOW VRD 1144— Nice sunay suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrona desired.
HOWARD, 1311 A— Bay-window room: i or 2 I
gentlemen; with bath; board optional. [
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unlnrn. I
LARKIN, 621— Newly and handsomely fur- !
n.sbed sunny parlor suite; also desirable sin-
gle r:oms.
MINNA. 657. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
w.r-iow room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. •3. near Fourth— Room and beard
for two gentlemen: prioe reasonable.
•■NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Lar»»
cay-win, mi. -and single. « up: also Siskpc-
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms «nd
offices; elevator: electric l'.ehts: day. - <.. mo.
POLK. _T-3\i— Neat back yarlor. with use of !
front; rj?at to suitable party. St.
POWELL, SIT formerly Cosmos Club>— Ele-
gantly furnl«h'Hl gunny rooms: reasonable.
POWELL. =«>. abov« Sutter— Newly furnished
rccms, with or without board: home cooking. |
ROYAL House, 12« Ellis Rt.— lncandescent
light. reading room, smoking room and i
ladies' parlor: room*, per night. 35c to II 30; ;
week, XI to JS: month, M to CO: elevatsr on !
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1514, --. Hyde and Larkin— j
Rooms; modern, c^ean and sunny; private
residence.
SEVENTH. 162— N ■■■- furnished rooms; sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth s_.
near Market — umished and Unfurnished.
SIXTH. 33. nr. Market. Hillsdal* House— Ele-
grjr.t furr.'.shed room*: elevator; transient.
TAYLOR. 117— Large front room, tit a month;
also single, bath.
THE H»ath. 312 Eddy St.— Flrst-clasa rooms
and hoard: hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: all conveniences. !
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth st. ■— Sunny bay-
window rooms, double or «ing!<*: rent low.
THIRD. 123 — Sunny furnished rooms from II
per week up.
THIRD. 520—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms, with
bath: cheap.
TURK. 536. cor. Gough— Sunny corner alcove
roorr.; handsomely furnished; beat:*'.:! view:
overlooking Jeff en Square; reference.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. H pages, sent to any address In the
"- --1 ?rat»<s. rcc--j'; for I: z-*- v»*r.
SEWING MACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
C MONTHLY. rented: repaired, bought, sold: ;
machine supplies. 143 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, fold exchanged, rented; re-
pair-in* ;>t lowest rat—. 206 Fourth at.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES '.— ChlchSsteTT" E^nglish~~PennyroyaT
Pills are the best: safe, reliable; tike no
other; sec 4c stamps or particulars. "Relief
fcr Ladies." in letter by return mall: at drug-
gietg. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections -nale:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., *' M -•-- -r«rv St.. t~ in fl-l'V tel. roll.
STORAGE A>D WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage 'Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission: geeds guaranteed; tel. Clay -'.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Po<«t. ccr. Pcwo'.l: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR etegant new up-to-date 2-stcry houses
of 7, 8 and I rooms and bath each: first-class
neighborhood; near school and stations; street
wcrk all complete; from $300") to S4OCO; only
KCO cash ar.d $25 and $30 per month: great bar-
gains; cheap lot» for cash and hoTia«s to let
In all parts if Aiameda.
12200— Let COxl^o; " -■ cash and $20 per month;
fine, nearly new cottage; in a gocd neighbor-
hood: near High School _.ad station.
$2500— Lot 35x112. with elegant residence of i
rooms; in flr.e condition; macadamized street;
near station and school; great bargain; worth
$3tiiO; any termsrsante as resit
j;gH) — _ o t ■ t, fine, new. modem 8-raom
cottaje; near High School and station; $300
cash and C;' per month.
JIOCO— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy terras.
$1500— Lot 33:4x1015: with a fine modern cottage
of 5 rooms and bath: nice garden; street work
all done: near station and school; $100 cash,
balance ♦_ per month
$_S50 — $M 0 cash, balance $25 per month: lot
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooma
and bath: between broad and narrow gauge on
Morton st.
$3250 — $500 cash, $25 per month; less than
rent; let 40x150- elegant new 2-story, I rooms
and bath: on Morton si near Morton-st. sta-
ticn: best bargain !n Alameda: elegant resi-
dences on Santa Clara are. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses (o let la all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOP.EaL _ CO.,
' ' 1432 Park St.. Ak___m. i
ABOUT finished, modern S-rocm house, choic-
est location; sis modern cottage, i rooms;
lots 50x130; easy terms. Apply 1313 Mozart
St.. Mastic- station. AJa~ leda.
CHEAPEST and b*»st in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address -i the
United Stites. postpaid, for $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call M pages, sent to any addt-ss In the
United States or Canada one year for $"_
postage paid.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
FURNISHED room double or single; hot and
cold water shew^r baths; steam heat; te'.u-
phone near station: breakfast if desired;
every home ----- 2101 Central aye.
HOME for ladies In delicate health: large
grrwrndg; private. MR?. DR. FUNKK. '.«' Sth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$17C0— HOUSE of 5 - ma and bath: lot 30x135:
on the sunny Bide of street; only • blocks
from University grounds ar.d 2 biooks from
railroad JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
ONLY $?.300— 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot ISSx
123; near electric road'; ' Just the place to
raise chicker.s. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
FOR sale— 117:0: a house of 6 am, bath and
cellar; modern: 3 minutes' from U. C. . near
electric cars: lot 50x100; this ia the cheapest
buy in Berkeley: lot alon* cost $600; this
hOH9* has Just been built; $300 down and $15
a month at 7 per cent interest. Address
Owner. 2137 Dwlght-way.
FOR SALE FOR CASH.
A house of 4 rooms, windmill and tank etoae
to Ashby: lot 40x130; all clear; $850. 2137
Dwight way.
CORNKR store, with grocery fixtures; rent
reasonable. 400 Fifth st.
FOR sale — 4-room house, close to Dwight way;
tUQO. Address Qwr.er. 2137 Dwight way.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. V. per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$10 CASH. $3 monthly till paid, for a fins
chicken ran. 50x25i> feet; price all told. $190;
Al soil, grand view, superb climate, plenty
of good water; 3 buildings now going up:
electric cars and «rand boulevard near by:
not far from, a fine school house: Westalt
Tract. FruitraJe. adjoining East Oakland.
Call or send for circular. 4=5 Seventh St.. near
corner Broadway. Oakland; K. Z. Jones,
owner; carriage free.
O.IKL VXD FIRMTIRE FOR ! VLE.
AN introduction to you from H. Echellhais. the
furniture d<-a'.«r. flth and Fn-k - Onkland.
~ DIVIDE XOTICES.
DIVIDEND >OTlCE— Dividend No. 71 <26c per
s*ar»> of the Hutch!n?on Sugar Plantation
C~j~ipanj\ will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st.. on and after
Wednesday. September 20. ISS». Transfer
books will close en Thursday, September 14,
IS&9. at 3- clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Nctlce^Dividend No. 1 (!5c per
share) of the Eltaaea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany wilt be payable at the office of th-
company. 327 Market street, on or after Fri-
day, September 15th. ISS!>. Transfer books
will' close on Friday. September Sth. 1339. at
8 o'clock p. m.
„ K. H. FKELPON. Secretary.
~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for tools, materials, scientist In-
nents, books and office furniture for the
United States refrigerating and lce-makinj
Blaat. MarUa, P. L— Offlea of the officer In
charge room £07. Pullman building, Chicago,
111 September 7, li:-9 Sealed proposals In
triplicate fcr furnishing and delivering above
articles In sneclned quantities will be re-
c-i— d .here until 3 o'clock d. m.. September
29 1599 Bidders will Quote prices far deliv-
ery at place of manufacture at Chicago, 111.,
and _ San Francisco. Cal. For Information
" lists of material to be furnished apply
at the office of the Depot Quartermaster. San
F^nVi?ro. . Cat. Envelopes - containing pro-
ild be marked -Proposals for Tools
_nd Mawr'.als fcr V. S. Refrigerating and Ice-
makln- P^nt. Manila. P. 1.." addressed to
MAJOR LEON S. ROCDIEZ. Q. M.. U. 3.
V^ and should be mailed, in San. -Francisco
not later than Saturday evening-. September
23. ISM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1599.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage 'lenses have been Issued as follows:
T. W. Withoft and Martha A. Hamblen.... 3B-30
John Hazlett and Jennie E. Little 23-28
F. Meyer and Annie M. Heimbigner 4.1-23
Adolpii Koppen and Josephine lane 23-22
G. Edward Rressem and Mary E. Jensen.. .3l-33
Will-am H. Etfnes and Florence D. Wright
Or land Ma.*on and Florence Corbln 2S-1S
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with tha name and residence of per-
sons authorized to hay« the same published.
BORN.
HARTYE-In Elmhurst, September 13, 1239, '
to the wife of D. Hartye, a son.
WILLIAMS— In this city. September 2. 1399.
to th» wife of W. D. Williams, a son.
MARRIED.
CULBKRT— CROTHERS— In this city. Septem-
ber <"\ IS3?, by the Rev. F. S. Brash of Ala-
meda. W. C. Culbert of San Francisco and
Anna Crothars of Columbus, Ohio.
MORRIS— Me KEN— In this city. September 13.
1889, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D., i
George Morris and Elizabeth G. McKen, both ;
of cf San Francisco.
~~~~~ DIED.
Allen. Francis E. . Kanfortl, Amos
Andersen. Ingrtd Knffner, Elizabeth L. I
Collins, Charles Lackey, Julia F.
Davidson, David B. Martinez. Gusto
Dcering, James H. O'Keefe. Maria A,
ester, Earie Otto, Paul W.
Ferrari, "Robert Qu»sada. Lauriano
Flebig. Charles Ri-:. Sena
Francis. Estella Statvpert. John 3.
Gale. Mrs. Lydia Van Slyke. Nicholas
Gerlcevich. John Wilson. Giles
Grosskopf. Catharina Wilson, Maggie
ALLEN— In this city, September 12. 1539, Fran- .
cl* Ethen. idolized child of Elizabth and John .
Allen, and crandchU 1 of Eugene Dalton, a
native of San Francisco, aged S years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from, the resi-
dence of* the min»nt3. 31G+ Sixteenth street,
thence to St. Dominic's Church, where serv-
ices will be celebrated for the repose of his j
sonl. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ANDERSEN— In this city, September 12. 1539. ,
Ingr'.d Andersen, beloved wife of Otaf An-
dersen, and beloved mother of Mary. Wil-
liam. Jennie and Olga Andersen, a native of
Norway, ag»d 47 years 3 months and It days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Friday), at . o'clock, from Our Savior's
Scandinavian Lutheran Church, Howard
atr?-et. between Twelfth and Thirteenth. In- <
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COLLINS— In the City and County Hospital, j
STt-mber 12, IS3O, Charles CoDtna, a native
of Greece, aged S3 years.
DAVIDSON— In San Rafael. September 13, 1599, j
David B. Davidson, a native of New York, |
aged 33 yean and • months.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Thursday),
at 2:30 o'clock, at the cottage of the Hotel
Rafael San Rafael. Interment at fonkera,
N. T.
DEERING— In this city, September 13. 1?59,
James H. Deering. a native of Denmark, Me.
EDMESTER^In this city. -.--.- 12, 1539.
Earl» Marshall, infant son of William L. and
Jennie E. Bkbaeater, a. native of San Fran-
cisco, a^ed IS days.
FERRARI— In this city. September 12. IS3O, |
Robert, beloved son of Ernile and Mary Fer-
rari, a native of San Francisco, aged - years ;
and 9 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at . o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 202 University street. Interment Hoiy
Cross Cemetery.
FIEBIG— In this city, September 12, 1399.
Charles, dear.v beloved husband of Louisa
Flebig. and father of Minnie Fiebis, a na-
tive cf Germany, aged 34 rears.
[CT Friends and acquaintances are reaped
fully tnvtted to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, SSH Chesley street, off Harrison, be-
twe-?n Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
FRANCIS— In this city. Sertemtser 13. 1535.
Este'le, beloved wife -ot C. P. Francis, a na-
tive of New York, aged 41 years.
d_TNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor ,_. Co., 787
Mission street.
GALE— In this city. S*Dtember 12. 1810, Mrs. j
Ly.iia A. Gale, widow of the late J. W. Gale. ,
beloved mother of ' ha W., James, Milton
and Annie Gale. Mrs. W. B. WalkUD and
Mrs. John Cullen, and beloved sister of Hon.
Robert Howe, a native of New York. as°d
71 rears.
CT Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend the funeral this day
iThlirsday). at 10 o'clock, from the Church
of the Advent. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
GKRICEVICH— In thi? city. September 12. 1539,
J :r.a Gerio*rj<rh, beloved father of M3T Gert-
cevioh, and brother of Tony and Vincent
Gericevich, a native of Kor-ula, Dalmatia,
Austria, aged 50 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Thursday 1 at 1 o'clock, from the carters of
Vale Marlni & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
thence to Holy Crog3 Cemetery.
GROSS KOPF— In this city. September 12, 1539,
Catharina Grsf^kopf, dearly beloved wife of
Joseph trosakepf, loving mother of Albert.
Joseph Jr.. Julia, Frank and Matilda Gross-
kopf beloved daughter of Barbara Gamma.
and «i«ter of Frank and Antone Gamma and
Mr*. Alois Hummell, a native of Wa.«sen.
Canton Urf, Switzerland, aged 32 years «
months and 10 days. A member of the Third
: Orda- of St. Francis and Christllche Mutter
Verein. ' \
TE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2.iA Vandewater street, off Powell, be-
tween Bay and Francisco, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church. Golden Gate avenue, near
Jones street, where a solemn requiem high
! mass will b*? celebrated for the repose of her
! soul, commencing at 3:20 o'clock. Interment
Hr>!y Cross Cemetery.
i HVNFORD— In the City and County Hospital,
September 13, 1539, Amos Hanford, a native
of MASsachusetts, aged 70 year
I KUFFNER— In this city. September 13. 1599.
Elizabeth L. Kuffner. beloved rife Of the
late Bartholomew ■ Cner, a native of ■:— --
many, a*ed 73 years.
ETRemains at the- parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzter, 636 Washington street.
LACKEY— In this city, Julia F., beloved wife
'< of James M. Lackey, daughter of Frances
Ma-iiha— i. and sister of Frank E. Dav»r-
kosen. a native of Newport, R. 1., aged 3S i
; years.
I MARTINEZ— In Booth San Francisco, Septem-
ber 12, H39. Gusto Martinez., ■ native of
Chile, aged 92 year*.
(CTFriflnds and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors cf
the Gantner & Ountz Undertaking Company,
& and 10 City Hill square. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. .
O'KEEFE— In this city. September 13. 1539,
Marie Adele, beloved daughter of John F. and
Mary C. O'Keefe, a native of San Francisco,
aared .< months and Ifi days.
Friends and acquaintances are respeet-
ftil'.y invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock,- from the real-
dence of the parents. 1723 Eddy street. In-
terment Holy Crces Cemetery.
OTTO— In this city. September 13. 1«33, Paul
' WilliajT.. infant son of Emma and Paul Otto,
! a native of San Francisco, a*e<3 14 days.
QUEZADA— In this city, September 12. 1899,
Lauriano Quezada, dearly beloved husband
of Carmelita Quezada. father of Mrs. San-
teur-ni. and erandfather of Irene. Giuliani
and Joseph Sajßtenstßi, a native of Santiago,
Chile, aged 73 years.
sir Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 141SA Powell street, between Broad-
way and Valiejo street. Interment Laurel
HIU Cemetery.
RXSI— In Oakland. September 12. 1539, Renaldo
\ beloved son of Felix and L^na Risl. a
! native of Oakland, aged 2 yearn and I months.
! CT\WPERT— In this city, September 12, 1393,
i John S.. beloved hus-band of Elsie Stawpert,
: father of John Stawpert. and brother of Mrs.
CF. Rehwald. a native of Missouri, aged 33
yivirs. (Chicago, 111., papers please copy.)
VAN SLYKE— In this city, September 13, 133!».
Nicholas Van Slyke, beloved son of Anna
Van Slyke, and brother of A. B. and John
Van Slyke, a native cf New York. aged X
years 3 months and 22 days.
WILSON— In Lafayette, September 10, laW,
Giles r.*ilson. aged 5J years.
Friends and acquaintances a— » respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral services
! this day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at his l_te
residence.
WILSON— In this city, September 13, ISD9. Mag-
gie dearly beloved wife of KoN»rt Wilson,
mother of Edward F. and the late Mary L.
Wilson, and sister of Llilie, Mary and tli«
late John Rllley and Mrs. Edward Monag-
han. a native of th- i_rlsh of Templeport,
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 28 years.
C_r Friends and acquaintances are re»pe»-t-
-fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), it 8:16 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, " 721 Tehama street, thence to at Jo-
seph' w Church, where a requiem, high maea
will be celebrated for the repose at her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTOR. AND EiIBALiIER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. j
Hand Badly Crushed.
ALAMEDA. Sept. Charles J. Sacow,
I an employe of the steam laundry, had his
right hand badly injured last night In
one of the mangles uaed^ In the laundry.
Sacow tn some careless manner 1 placed his
hand 1 in a position where It- was easily
drawn between the two red-hot rollers- of
the machine, badly jamming and buminsj ;
It. If no more serious complications arise j
it will not be necessary to amputate tLe i
| hand. j
BELVEDERE WILL
BE AGLEAM WITH
FAIRY LUMPS
Water Carnival an
Assured Success.
AOvUI w d x^ wi www OO •
Next Saturday night the Venetians of
the Pacific, for the second time in the I
history of Belvedere, will decorate their s
homes with pyrotechnic' splendor to cele- ■
brate the nuptials of the Doge of Shag
Rock to the waters of San. Francisco j
Bay. There have been weddings before, !
and if humanity continues to jog along in )
the same old way there are likely to be j
weddings in the future. But nothing in J
the past has reached the magnificence of j
the splendor which will attend Belvedere's j
Saturday night marriage, and in the |
future it will keep coming generations j
guessing to outdo the munificence of their i
progenitors. ;
The cruiser llarblehead and the tor- ;
pedo-boat Farragut will reach the cove
Friday nigh: ' or Saturday morn- j
ing and anchor in deep water, where i
their searchlights will have a full sweep 1
during Saturday night's display. The I
barge upon which the Doge will go in j
state will be a dream of beauty. On the j
quarterdeck will be a column sur
mounted by the Golden Lion of St. Mark, j
In front of this will be the throne, under !
a canopy of crimson and gold. The Doge j
will be surrounded with his senators and !
embassadors. The barge will be towed j
by a gondola.
The parade of decorated boats will
start from Wheeler's Point, sweep around |
the rove, until it reaches the hotel where j
it will meet the barge of the Doge, which
will then lead the procession. A3 the line
starts the senators and embassadors will
chant an original ode, set to the music of
the national hymn of Hawaii. Following
this they will sing the Alton waltz, and at
the close they will sing "Lovely Night."
The procession of small boats will pass
before the committee of awards, which j
will be stationed on the ark El Piza. The
committee as soon as it arrives at its de- j
cision will announce the result through a
megaphone. The members are Hon.
Jauifa D. Phelan, Irving M. Scott. Robert
Howe Fletcher, Vanderlynn Stow and J.
A. Stanton.
Five thousand seats have been con- .
structed on the hills back of the Corin- :
thian Yacht Club, forming a perfect
amphitheater above the cove.
So that every one may know exactly
"what's doing" and that all the necessary
information may be easily acquired, the
following answers to these questions
which are most likely to suggest them
; selves are here published:
The Venetian Water Carnival at Belvedere
will take place Saturday night. September IS.
It will begin at 5:30.
You can see it without trouble.
You can see it without crowding.
Tou can ?ee it without danger.
You can see it without inconvenience.
You can see it without the annoyance of j
rough ar.d pushing crowds. .
You can enjoy a reserved seat. All this will j
cost you only $1.
The arrangements made by the committee of
Belvedere citizer.3 and the Corinthian Yacht
Club for your accommodation are perfect.
For s" you will be taken from San Francisco j
or San Rafael and given a comfortable re- ;
sen red seat on Valentine's Island.
No more tickets will be sold than seats are
provided. _.
Your seat will give you a perfect view -.'.
every part of the performance on the water. I
of the fireworks, the lights and decoration?, j
The path to the seats on Valentine's Island :
will be illuminated with electric lights. On ;
the island every arrangement has been made :
for your comfort.
Xo Intoxicating liquors will be sold.
There will be an ample force of police an.l I
members of the Corinthian Yacht Club to see i
that the ladles and children are treated with j
deference and courtesy.
The boats of the California, and Northwest- t
em Railway are among the finest and safest j
on the bay. They will leave the Tiburon ;
wharf at 7:15, 7:^o and 7:13.
It will not be nece-jsary to take the earlier '
beat to avoid the rush, as accommodations will |
be ample. But ii Is necessary to buy tickets at
once as their number is limited.
Th- boat of the North Pacific Coast Railroad ,
will leave the ferry slip at ' HI and will leave
BaaaaUto at 8:1s. Thts boat will not land iv
passengers on Valentines Island, but will lie :
outside the cove during the performance, giving .
Its passenger? a magnitlcent view. Price of !
tickets on this boat will be tl.
If ycu live on the line of the broad-gauge
road "you can -take this, boat from Sansallfn
ferry at 8:15 and the Jl ticket will Include the j
fare down to Sausalito and back to your home, j
If you live on the line of the broad-gauge
r-:ad "north of Tlburcn the ■: ticket will In
clude fare from your home and back and a ;
re»erve<! seat on Valentine's Island.
If ycu lire in San Francisco the 51 ticket will
hicl-de fare on the broad-gauge boats and a
r<;s<?rved seat on Vaiontine'3 Island.
Aii of these boats are. specially, chartered by
the B'elredere committee, and no other boats
will t>e allowed inside the cove.
No boats can land at Tiburon or Belvedere, i
excepting the boats of the California and !
Northwestern Railway, commonly known as
the Tinuron ferry.
Intending visitors are specially cautioned
against paying money for seats on boats other ■
than those chartered by the committee.
The Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers, warned ;
hy cast experience, will not permit any over- i
crowdinl prasoline launches, tug boats or river ;
bcat3 to l^ave th<?ir siips.
No launch' towiiv? barges will be permitted j
to carry passengers.
If ycu pay your money for any accomma
dation of that you will surely lose it.
By special permission of Assistant Secretary I
of the War Department Meikiejohn. the waters j
of Belvedere Cove have been placed under con- I
trol of the committee for the time of the en- j
tertainment, and no boats or craft of any de
scription, except such, as they charter, will
be permitted Inside.
Th'.s has been done because the explosion of :
submarine mines of dynamite, throwing enor
mous volumes of water In the air. will be a !
feature of the entertainment, and it would !
b° dangerous to trust outside boats Inside the j
cove.
Persona intending to visit the residents of !
Belvedere should go over not later than the
6:30 o'clock regular boat. After that there
will be no buses to convey them up the hills,
nor will the roads be passable.
The roads at Belvad«r« are only the width
or a single vehicle. It Is impossible far ye- !
hicles to pass in safety except at the regu
lar switches, and this arrangement has been
made to »vent accident.
Buses will be provided by the committee to j
bring ladies visiting residents down the hill
to me«»t returning boats to San Francisco. '
Gentlemen will be expected to walk, as bus
accommodation is strictly limited. i
The programme will Include the beautiful
anil picturesque ceremony of wedding the
Doge of Venice to the Sea, a male chorus of |
f_rty voices, a band of forty pieces, explosion I
of submarine mines, a magnificent display of
aerial fireworks, burning red fire on the ad- I
jacent hills and a display of not less than |
30,000 Japanese lanterns amid the trees and ,
houses of Belvedere Island.
If any funds remain unexpended after _»,„
ryinir out the celebration they will be &*• j
voted to dredging the channel In front of
the Corinthian Yacht Club.
Tickets are now on sale at The' Call busi
ness office, in the Claus Spreckels building;
Chronicle office. California and Northwestern
Railroad in the Chronicle building; Examiner
business office. Third and Market Streets: Ex
aminer branch office. Market and Fifth streets,
and J. S. Hawkins, Tlburon.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL
SUNOA V CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
In Aid of St. Agnes Church.
A high tea for the benefit of St. Ag
nes Church was given at the residence of '
Mrs. P. A. McDonald, 741 Ashbury street,
last night. A programme of musical and
literary exercises was rendered in which
the following participated: Mrs. H. B.
McAvoy. W. W. Flnnie. William Mc-
Crory, Miss Ida Sm;.-the, William J.
O'Brien, Martin Krellng. Miss Molll* i
Skelly. Frank Thompson, . Miss Daisy '
Keane, Dr. Paul, Herbert and Gertrude
Jones, Frank Coffin and William J.
Hynes. After dancing the guests repaired
to the spacious attic, where covers were
laid for over 200 people. The hostess Mrs.
P A. McDonald, was assisted by Mrs. J.
B' GUI, Mrs. J. J. Lermer. Mrs. J. J. Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. H. B. McAvoy. Miss Nellie
Murtha, Mrs. J. A. Boyd. Mrs. J. B.
Lowry, Miss May J. McDonald, Mrs. Al
fred Clark. Mrs. Peter Garrity, Mrs. R.
Armendariz. Mrs. J. J. Hammond. Miss
Emma Flsel. Mrs. J. H. Ryan and Mrs.
Frank Skelley. _ . :' : *>> %-.
Jaggles — How did that French duelist
come to be acquitted?
Waggles— Why the mere fact that be
killed his opponent showed that it was an
accident. i
ASK MONEY FOR
PROPOSED PARK
IMPROVEMENTS
Commissioners Ap-
peal to Supervisors.
The annual report of th» Commissioners
of Golden Gate Park was filed with the
3pard of Supervisors yesterday afternoon
md a copy forwarded to the Governor.
Ihe report, which is signed by Commis
sioners A. B. Spreckela, Fred W. Ze'le and
W. H. Bfetson, is a voluminous document
md contains a vast amount of informa
:ion concerning the work done in main
lining- and beautifying the big pleasure
rround during the fiscal year ending June
!0. The opening- paragraph is an appeal
to the Supervisors to appropriate suffi
cient money to keep the park up to its
standard and to complete the im
provements already under way.
A great deal has been accomplished dur
ing the last year in constructing new
Irives and roadways and the Commission
?rs strongly recommend that means be
provided for the continuance of this work
on a larger scale. The Commissioners
especially urge that a boulevard be con
structed connecting the Presidio Park
system with Golden Gate Park: also that
1 boulevard or approach to the park be
:arried to Van Ness avenue. Here is an
other recommendation that is presented
lor the consideration of the Supervisors:
"Not less than fifty acres of land should
it once be purchased between Mission,
Twelfth and Townsend streets and the
water front, where children from the con
rested districts may exercise and play,
fhis park should not be created for the
purpose or' containing flower beds or ex
pensive improvements, but should be In
:he nature of a common. North of Mar
ket street the city is well supplied with
jpen spaces, parka and playgrounds, but
south of Market street, where the most
congestion exists, practically no provision
las been made for breathing spots or rec
reation grounds. The two small squares
:here situate are entirely Inadequate to
:he demands of that section of the city.
Children are compelled to resort for rec
reation to vacant lots and dusty or muJ
iy streets."
In support of the plea for these im
provements the Commissioners cite the
fact that thirty years ago the lands for
Irolden Gate Park were purchased for
£00.000 and the property is now worth $11,-
Ktt.QtjO. It is claimed that the increased
-ment on adjoining property by rea
son of its enhanced values, would net suf
icient revenue to pay interest on the in
vestment. The proposed boulevard to
:onnect the Park with the Presidio would
,n the opinion of the Commissioners, be
1 source of great value to San Francsico,
3y attracting the attention of the enure
:ountry.
The Commissioners also give a detailed
iccount of the work done on the proposed
:hain of lakes which is destined to prove
ane of the most attractive features of the
Park. The largest lake of the system, 1500
feet long, with a width varying from 400 to
UX> has already been completed and a
-oadwav built around it. These lakes are
to be studded with Islets and otherwise
beaurified. The work of beautifying
Buena Vista Park, which was beg dur
ing the past year, is also treated at con
siderable length.
The table of receipts and expenditures
shows that the amount of money from all
sources received during the year was
C5L095 o*s. while the disbursements foot
OB t&iJBSI 6b\
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Loui» 3. and Mi— D. Parrctt to Fannie
Cchn lot on W line of Franklin street. 1)U :«'-4,
S of' Clay. N 70, W 137:6, - 46, SE 35:4 V*. E
Cltv and County of Pan. Francisco to Ernest
L Hueter, lot on S line of Pacific avenue, 30
W of Gough street. \V 87:rt by S 100.
M-'pzie E Griffin vs. John E.. Charles S..
George W. and Mary I. Robinson 'by J. J.
Ma*ini.«. referee) to John E.. Charles S..
George W. and Mary I. Robinson, lot on N line
of Post street. 137 :<i E of Buchanan. ■ 2j by
N 137 :<5; 15300. , - _
bam B. Hagsrin to Louise Streck, lot on S
line of Sacramento 3treet. 209:1 W of Cherry,
W 23 by - 132:75: *1200.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Meyer
Blume. lot on E tine of Carmelite (Primrose)
street 1«5 - of Waller. S S by E 95, lot 11.
block 3. Marlon Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Drury and Sarah B. Melon* to Colii3 P.
Huntinarton. lot on SE corner " .--■-.: itreet
and Julian avenue, S 8a by E 95; HO.
John D. Hendry to Jane Hendn*. lot on W
line of Folsom street, 155 X of Twenty-first,
N 25 by W 122 :«: JlO.
F^)bert and Catherine Moriarty to Patrick and
Ann Dnkan lot on X line of Green street, 200
W of Hyde, W 2() by N 60; 110. ' '
Wales "L. and Ruth E. Palmer to Celia Ker
ney, lot en SW^ltne of Es?*rx street. 138 >TW
■>l Harrison, N"W C by S\V S7:«; quitclaim
deed, $10.
Builders* Contracts.
Mrs. Minnie E. Bowes, owner, with George
Moore, contractor: architect, Frank 5. Van
Trees. Grading, wood and concrete bulkheads
ir.d foundations and all other concrete, mosaic
md brick work. rou;h chimneys and veneer,
flue linings, etc.. for two-story attic and base
ment frame building on S side of Pacific ave
nue, W2:6 E of Scott street, 33xS7:SH; (2735.
Same owner with W. H. and T. Kinread.
contractors; architect. «ame. Carpenter and
mill work, lathlnsr. plastering-, stairs, mantels
a.nd tiling and lining at same, tinning, glazing
md hardware for same, same place: J5595.
Same owner with. E. R. Ttttt, contractor; ar
rhitect, same. Plumbing, iras fitting, sewers,
•tc. . for same, on same: JlflfiO.
Same owner with J. K. Kee'e, contractor;
irchltect. same. Painting, staining and tint-
In* for same, on same. 1710.
Albert Muhlmann, owner, with Val Franz,
contractor; plans by owner. All work eicept
concrete, mantels, shades and gas fixtures for
i two-story frame building on the N side of
Waller street, 112:'! W of Pierce, W 25 by X
137 :«; t3410.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
J D Bostwick. L Oatos!A D Curtis & w. Mryv
E F Cadle. Stockton Mrs C Clark. Stockton
X de Plchon. LivermriH Pennock & w. N V
J Cavanaugh, Portlnd II P<»r<»!nr.u. Preseott
A Thornton. X Hope M L Gallagher, First
A W Brook 3. Stockton! Idaho
J Palmer. Kemvtlle P. H Tschudy. First
M J Mowrey. Kernvllel Idaho
J ncCoubrey, -w i i. R C Warner. S D
Winters IE H Vlnzent. Oakland
S W Towle. Towles jR S Paul, strnr Shrdn
W G Schofleld. Towles : I J Bamberger, 3 Ike
R E war]. Buffalo A Erwln. Cal
Mrs W Prickett. M:> IJ H Hariance, Cal
P Walsh. Austin IJ H Franks, Bradford
H Lusby. Philadelphia Landing
R A Inderrtdden. Fran I Miss W Harward. Cal
H McDonnell. CalistgajJ B Glrslacher. Stkton
G R Webb York !.I Churchill. L. Ang
Mrs P Twombiy. Macs IN" Levy, Vim
Miss M Twombly.Mass H Wlttenben? & f.Cal
Miss A Twombly.Ma.«s P Orban * w. Cat
A M Burr <£ w, r kfd 3 Morris & w, S J m
R J Hartman. M"X M:«: E Wier. Stanfrd
R Quinn. San Pedro Mrs A W Wl»r. Sacto
J D Franklin. Sedalla Dr C L Met >■ war Sac
W D Madlgan, Stockn J Crai)?. Hlsrhlnd Spgs.
,1 J Jenkins & w, LAP S°^ard. Petaluma
J E Hillman & w.iMta d J Hunter. Ft Worth
H Franck & w, Spxan'A B F»r.nart & w, Co-
Mrs B Taber, Auburn lusa
Hope Taber, Auburn ,F Pilky. N'ovato
Faith Taber, Auburn B Barnes, Chicago
PAI^.CE HOTEL.
P V Mohun, V B H ' DP Patenar.ce. Mont
A S Porter. U 8 M D L Pace. Tulare
J L Buac<\ Hartford L J Coat, Texas
H P Goodman, Nara J D Hall. Redding
Mrs Goodman and 1 ■:. Mr KrumbauT & w,
Napa j Germany
C A Howard, USA F H Short. Fresno
J H H»rhus. I" S A J A Limbai-k. Chicago
i- E Ide, Los Anseles IB H Smith, Colo
D E Burley, Salt Lake F H Dewey, X T
R E Dlekxnan, Boston .- A McKeon Pitts
Mrs Dtckman. Boston, N B Knox, Bcdle
J W Stolts,. N* T C C Km i Bodte
Mrs Stolts, NY iE 3 Churchill. N'apa
Miss Florence' Stoltß. . Mrs Churchill. Napa
Boston :Mls3 Churchill. Napa
Miss A Stolta, Boston Mr? Q*a Graver, lowa
A L :nskv. Stkton 1 F X Chaffee, San Jose
W F Hamilton,London!R A Case.- San Jose
Mrs Hamilton. London C E Metzger, X I
'', M H.imiit ;n. London R J S Klllman. X V
C p Bell Wash R L Donald, Los An^
Mrs Bell, Wash tDr B R Ward. C S S
G H Bell. Wash Mrs B C Sleight, X V
J \V Bladon. Seattle ','. McCauley Jr. CSX
Dr P A Breman. X rjj R Phillips, Jackson
Mrs Breman. NY OP Jackson, V S A
W G VanVleck, Texas P Perkawitz, Fhila
R C Stevens. Seattle I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
CT'B Devar, Alaska C W.Myers. Boston
X O BoUe. Alaska [E £>.>. Boston
9.r Peaae. Alaska ; L X Brathccl. Boston
I Dickie, XT • ' W Francis, Salinas
A X Slndow. Chicago T Jensen. Vallejo
F Smith. Idaho V Areeife. Sacto
Mrs M C Tp«hume. Mo W rochran. Minn
I C Teshume, Mo TV R Stephens. Minn
Miss X T»shrnn». Mo,W M Dunn, Minn
T Hendricks. X J OH Espy. Minn
B F IhTlty & w. Ind T H Proctor. Idaho
EF Hawley. Ind IJ Smalt, Idaho
D M Williams, Xcv J H Ball. Idaho
P■ V ■ Patterson. Oregon <; Stark. . Dixon
J J Connolly. Vallejo |J C Boy.l, Honolulu
3 9 Kennedy, Salinas M J Martin. X V
3 H Panjrhorn. Suisun L Benham. Penryn
H P Bar!.:*, Minn L C Chamberlain. Cal
J M Barlow. Minn- 1 •
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Eight.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA- A Sept 12— Stmr Brunswick,
from Astoria. Sept 13— Schr Occidental, hnc
Sent 2; schr Bertie Minor, from Kailua.
Sailed Sect 13— Strcr Pomona, strnr Samoa
and stmr North Fork, for San Francisco; schr
Bertha Dolbeer. for San Dteiro
DUTCH HARBOR— In port Sept s— Br atmr
Athenian: U - ttnra Rush and McCulloch and
Br stmr Pheasant.
Mi*: Sept s— Stmr St Paul, for Manila.
ST MICHAEL— In pert Aa? 24— Bark Agate,
schr Fisher Brothers, schr Nellie Colman. schr
Ch.-vs Hanson, schr Mary Sachs
Arrived A:? 14— U S Vjnr McCulloch. from
cniise. Aus IS— Schr Maw»»na. from Seattle.
Sailed Aus 21— Schr Maweema, for Cape
Nome. Aug Bark .-...- for Departure
Bay.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept Haw
strr.r San Mateo. for Nanaimo.
CASPAR— Arrived Sept !3-Schr Maxim, hnc
Sert S.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Sept 13-s tin r Point
Arena, hence S<rt 12.
PORT ELAKELEY— Arrived Sept 3chr
Fannie Dutard. frrn Ventura; schr Lymaa D
Foster, from Port T wnsend
BOW-ENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 13— Schr
Corinthian.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed »pt IS— Stmr Waites
boro. for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Anchored below— Ship S P
Hitchcock, from Honolulu.
NORFOLK— Cleared Sept 12— Br ship Gloos
cap, for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BREMEN— In Dart S-?Dt I— Br ship Indore,
for 1
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 12— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sect 10— Br ship Bal
moral, from Oregon.
In port — Br ship rowan Hill, for San- Fran
" DEPARTURE BAT— Sailed Sept 12— Ship
Glory of the Seas, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Penn
sylvania, via Plymouth, for Hamburg.
NEW YORK— Arrived Bept ntiin Bremen,
from Bremen.
Arrived Sest 13 — Stmr Trave, from Bremen
and Southampton.
Sailed Sect 13— Stmr New York, for South
ampton; stmr Westernland, for Antwerp; stmr
Germanic, for Liverpool.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Sept 18 — Btmr
OCZAJSf TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
J*l Steamers leave Broadway
s*sv__^ wharf. San Francisco.
\ jj^^g^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
! Vsi^V^sS^ ------ "- T . 28, October
lfe*Sn 3. change at Seattle
cKv^*-^1 For Victoria, Vancouver
2£ar' l "'? (^£«M i B. '-".■'. Prt T<3wnsend; Se-
• i <"^%£§s[£g£ attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. September
IS. 23. 28, October 3. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this "company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. P.-
For Eureka f Humboldt Bay), 3 p. m.. Sep-
tember l«. 21, 26. October 1. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crua. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavtzcos, Port Harforl (San Luis Obiapo),
Gaviota, Santa- Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Lob Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. September it. -1. 25. 29, Oc-
tober 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obisrvo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., S»otemb«»r 15, 19, 23. 27, October 1, and
ev»ry fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bar, San " «c del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.., Tth of each
month.
For farther information obtain folder.
The company reserves the riant to chang«
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
li> Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 9. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEJ3CSR3 TO
T=> O 3^ T L^ A. 3^ p
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C«OC $12 First Cless lacludtng Bert)
rHnl. S3 Second Cla« j and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
S^nt. 5, 13. i',; Oct. Z, 13. 23
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10. 20, 30; Oct. 10. 20. 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HI TC3Z, SOUTHAMPTON. L05D05. PASI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg; westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis..: Sept. 2CI St. Louis Oct. II
St. Paul Sept. 27"St. Paul ....Oct. IS
New York Oct. * New York Oct. 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. 20' South wark Oct. 11
Nordlar.d Sept. 27 : Westernlar-d Oct. IS
Frtesland Oct. 4 Kensington Oct. 25
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For < fall Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St., or any cf its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, ~ and
connecting at Honekong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARC Friday October 6
HONGKONG-MARC Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market st., cor. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
@!B?3£B3Un9A Wednesday. Australia
**U* Honolulu
rffof*" 3 * 1 Wednesday. Septem-
u b«r 10, at : p. m.
fa./'^p~"\ S. S. Marlposa sails
iSfMnrcnilW via Honolulu and
C/UitiUltU Auckland for Sydney
<?>'T!Fj3i?L L - Wednesday. October
p-^5- VMItvWltT 4. at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
L 0. SPR£CK£LS i BROS. CO., Aqis.. 14 Montgomeq
Pier 7, Foot Pacific Si. Freight (Mice. 327 Market St
COHPASSIB 9BMEBALS TEAKSATLAHTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. *^> ijr.rj>
tram Pier 42, North River, foot of -•^i s --'»
Morton st LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 23: LA
TOURAINE Sept. 30; LA NORMANDIE. Oct.
T. LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE.
Oct 21. First-class to Havre. $6.", and up-
ward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $4.". 10 per cent redue
tien on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgom-
ery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY MD BIVEB STR A £K3.
" FOB 0. S. NAVY-YARD ABD VALLEJO~
Steamer "Monticello." '
MON., T-:-- Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:t5
a m.. "5. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sunday?. 10:3:} a. m.. $
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE • 50c
EAIXROAI) TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
*
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT s:*) P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS VT
REGULAR HOURS " AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. .C 3
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 1 W. Santa Clara st.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
wtTHrns PACIFIC CO2fPA3TR
(PACiriC 3TSTF.3O
Trnlan leaie r.n«l i»r«« due *• nrrl»e at
SAX IKISHM«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tSArs — From Acorar 3. 1309. — A&BJTni
7:««a taMa Mail and Sacranciito.... a:4r tP
7.-«Oa Marjsville. Ororileaad Beiiilinj Tia
Woodland •■- s : i^ p
7i««a Etnira. VaeaTille and Rnnisey *j5O?
T:3Oa Martinez, San Ramon. Valie jo, 2iapa,
Calistcga %nd Santa Rosa . •: I *•
»:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, "g t- I and Ea3t.. Vs43a
i:::<»» Saa Joae. LiTerniore. Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, FlacsrrOle.
MaryvrUle. Chico, K-il'.i::J 4t1.1p
»«30v # Mil6on.Oaidi!ean<l BO« 4:15»
8:3*4 Tosemita VsJtey via Cakdaia and
Chinese '.-•• 4:1-5?
9:00 % Ha'ynr-'.s. N'iles »nd Way stations. 1 Is 43*
■i»«l Martfsas. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.
M-rcedand Fresno. l»:13p
• :«»«.* Fresno, i>a!ieiaiieM Santa Boriiaza,
Los Angeita. Deming; El Paso.
■ m Orleaca and East •*4-^»
10H>«« Vdllejo. Martiaei and Way Stations T:I"»p
1 1 :OO A Hariraris. Kites and W:jr Ptationa. Sx-ISr
IX:OO]f Nilos. Li»errnot~ Stockton, r-acn-
mento, Mendota, Hanfnrd. V!sali»,
Pcrterrille 4:11*
•1.-« Or Sacramento RiT»r Steamers •*:«!>»
3:00p Haywards. Silt* and Way Stat-ocs. 0«43*
4i»«r Martinez, -an lUmon, Vollejo,
>'«p:i. Cal(*i>r>ga. sauta Rosa 8il&t
t:OO r Benida, VacaTiUe, Sacra«:e p . "a,
Woodland. Knights Landing. ■
MarysrHle, Oro»ili-» I«s4*4
4:SOt lies, San Joae and Stocx:cn T:I3?
4:30? Yo«emito Sl^epirg Car fcr Raymond 12t13»
5:00? The OwL Tracy. Fresno. Baker*-
rieid. SangQ3 for Santa Barbara.
Los Anßeles. 9:*3t.
S:SOp Stockton. Merced. Fresno 1«:1S»
3:30 r Martinez, Tracy, Men<lcta, Fresco,
llojaTe and Lea Angeles 8»43a,
»:3»p SanU F: Uonte. Atlantic Ciprees
for Moja»e and East 8:43»
•t»«p Chlcago^anFrandi3Co3pec2al.Ogden
»nd Bast »«»•»
6:OO-p Harwarda, Nilea ar d San J05e...... 7:1*4.
•*S:O#p Valle-o 1»:13P
t?:OOp ''ailejo. Pert Costa and Way St*>
tions.. !9:33»
B:'»3p Orecou ] | *xpress,Saera!r-ento. Marys-
fillo, Re<!Jing. Portland. Puget
Bonml ami East 8:134
COAST DIVISION (Xarroir Gaa^).
(Foot of Market Street.) — -
f7 »4* * santa Cm Excursion for Santa
. Cna and Principal W*y Station* J9i«3»
•<l3a Sewark.Or.terT-.He.San Jose. Felton.
BoulderCr2ek,eintaCmzand Way
Stations 5:3«»
••tlSp Newark, CenterrCle. Ban Jose. Ke^r
Almaoen, Feiton, Boulder Creek.
Santa Croa and Principal Way
Stations •I«:3«4
4<lßr San Jose. Gleawood and Way Sta-
tion*,... 9iS»A
Hi I*r Telsou. San«a Cruz and Way at*.
tiona /9i*«t,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrwiSlS ratSCI3CO— foot af Hum Btnet(SUp «>—
•7:15 9:00 li^Oi.it. tic: *2:: t3:!3
•4.-C3 13:03 »6:C2p.m.
Frtia OAr.lSß— feat »'Br3i!ii»»7.— -8:00 B^oo 10:00 i.H.
ti2-so -i:: t3:C3 '3:: ti:3 'SigCr.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gan^e). r
(Third aiid Townstnd Sta.)
•81104 Ocean View. South San Francisco.. # «:30*
•T:O«a San Joee b> -1 Way Btatiassi (New
Alinaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... •SiOOa,
17:3« a Sunday Excursion fcr Santa Crux,
Piicinc Urota and Principal Way
Stations IS:S3»
liHi San Jose, Tr?s Finos, Honta Cnz,
Pacific Oi ro. Paso Roblea, Sao
l.nis Obiapo, turf, Lompoc au<i
Principal W»ij Stations 4:lor>
I•: I * San Jose and Way Stations 6:35*
I lam San Jose and Way Ptatiors l-.JOr
*2:43r San If all 1 1. Redwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, fean Joins.
Hollistet. Santa Cruz. Saiii:aa
Monterey and Taciae GroTe •I©:3»A,
■■i3»p Pan .lose, Santa Cruz. Paciflo Grove
and Princiral Way Stations »T:3»?
*4zlSpSanJqs^ai Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•3H)Op San Joaeacll'rfncipal Way Statioca *'«:3.'iA
3:30p San J. ••?*.: I Principe! Way Stations *9:«Wa
6::toi' San Joseaud Way Sratious 3::jt>p
tH:4.i • San Jonu ami Way Stationg ;?::to?
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excenuid. J suacay only. t Saturday oulj.
fcSatcrday and Scnuay /aendas and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NOSTSVESHfiN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaroa Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6A>- FRANCISCO TO SAJ* RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. B:CQ, u;o a. m.; :. *3»
S:3O, 5:10, 6:30 p. a. Thursdays — tr:p
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at Im
aid 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:*). 3:30. U:00 a, d.: 1:30. 3:31^
S: CO, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— « - 7:£o, 3:2'), 11:10 a, a.; 12:43.
S 40. 5:15 p. in. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— s:IO. 9:M, U:10 a. in.; 1:40, 3:40, 6:03,
| 6:25 p. in.
Eefween San Francisco ar.i Sctiiietzen. Park
[ a»rne schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. . la Effect San FraacUco.
. April 16, ; ■
Week ■ Sun- 1539. 800- j Weei
Days. j days. ! Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 amj 8:00 am: Novata. 10:40 an[ IM am
1:30 pm 9:30 arnj Petaluma. j 6:05 pm 10:25 am
S.li pm 5:00 pm Sir.:j. Roaa. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pa
Fulton.
WO asi Winriscr, 13:25 aa
Heaicsburj;
Lytton.
Geyserville.
IJO pmi 8:00 am, Gleverdala 7:33 pm I Kpssl
7:30 am j Hoplaad and j |lO:25 ara
3:20 pm 8:00 i.-n, Cklab. j 7:35 prn.; 6:20 pra
T JO ami |1O:25 aa»
I 3.00 am. GuemevHle. t-Z' pn i
*:30 pmf . 6:20 pa
T:3O ami 3:10 am Sonoma 10:40 am; S:4O ant
; and j
1:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. S:O3 pmi 6:20 pra
1:30 ami S:0O am! Sebastcpcl. 10:40 amjlt):23 ara
S:3O pmj 5:00 pmj I 7:35 pmi 6:20 psi
Stasis connect at Santa Rcsa for ilarlc West
Eprln^s and Whit - Sulphur Springs: at Lvttoa
for Lyttoa Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska^ga
Springs; at Cicvecdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Spring's. Highland Springs,
Kels<»rrllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Laka-
port ar.d Bartlett Sprir.^s; at Ulcaah for Vichr
tprinrs. Saratoga Sprir.gs, Blue Lakes, r.aur»l
Pell Lake. Witter Springs, l>r r Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John ray'«, Riverside, Liarley's,
Eucknell's Sanhedrin Heights, Hallviile.
Booneville. Philo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Kavar- "Whiteabcro. Albicn. Little River.
Orr's Hot SFrinira. Mendccino City. Fort Bragg;
Westport. Usal. WOUtia, Laytonville, Cum-
ding's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Oisen's. Dyer.'
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*
On Sundays raucd trip tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket Offices. 630 ITarket St.. Chmcic!'! v 'l?.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General llaraser. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satxaollts) F«rry.
Cornrcencingr September L" ISS9.
FP.OII SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *8:<K». 3:20. ll:C0 a. m.:
•1:43. 3:20, 4:00. 5:15. *S:9<j, C:3O p. m.
EXTRA TRIP:- Mill Valley and Saa
Rafa*!. on Monday?, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 ar.d 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'S:OC, •Srffl. *10:0<J. 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; l:0'i. *U4S, "2:30, »4:00. 5:20. 6:45 p. ex
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf I Sundays.
5:30 n. ra. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Tralna marked (•) ran to San Qoentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO S-VX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:23. •»J:4O, 7:33, 3:4.), '10:20
a. m. : 12:30. 2:15. *3:40, 4:33, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. in.
ST'NDAYS— 7:OO. *S:00, *9:43. *10:45. 11:45
a. m. : 1:00. 2:20, *3:30, *$:&}, 7:00, 10:15
p. m.
Train? marked f*> run to San Qu»ntin.
FT! CM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4:.. <!:50. 7:35, 5:55, 10:33
a. rr.. : 12:D3. 2:45, 4:53. 3:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:oit. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:C5,
1:20, 2:40, 3:sn. 5:30. «:.TO. 10:20 p. m.
THP.OrGH TRAINS.
7:W a. m. wok flay? — Caradero and way sta'na.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— CazaU?ro an.i war sta'ns.
SOU a m. Sundays — Cazaden a^i trar sta ns.
1:43 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reres and way sia'Tis.
THE SAB FRANCISCO AND SAX JQAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 23. ISM. traln3 will run as follotrs:
South-bound, i j North-bound..
Passen-; Mixed. i MLted. ] Fasaen-
ser. Sunday Stations. i>undayt ger.
Daily. Exc'ptdJ iExc'ptd! Dally.
7:20 am'lo:2o am! Stockton | 3:«pmi Cr'rtpm
S-'O am ; "•«! Dial Merced Sl2:4"> pm; 4:13 pm
lfl-W am 5:3 pmj Fresno j 9 :3Q am | 2 :42 pm
ttrSS am 7-45 pmf Hanford i 7:4 a am! l:4o pm.
iibXS pm>l2:3o am Bakersfield | ZrM am&WW am
n : h am! 6:25 pm Visalia i 5:40 an; 1:22 pm
12:15 pmi 6:Z2 pai^ Tulare j s:^o ami i:vj> pm
StoDDicff at intermediate points as required.
Fcr particulars of sta^e and oth<-r connections
inquire at Traffic Department, 221 ----- St.,
Saa Francisco. . '__
MOUNT TA.MALPAI3 SCENIC RAILWAY
Ltiavo »an Frar.cisco. via Sausaiito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1339.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p.m.
Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:13 p. m., Returafag Same Even-
ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
crVDAYS, 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. ra. and 1:45. 2:30
. and 4 m .
Fare S F. to Summit and tana $1 40.
"■ECS. "COOK & SON, Agta.. 62X Market St.
1112
LOVESICK AND
DESPONDENT SHE
WANTED TO DIE
Lizzie Prue Attempts
Her Life Twice.
SHE CAME HERE FROM IOWA
TOOK CHLOROFORM IN HER
ROOM AT THE GRANIX
Miss Flora. Denny of Eureka Stood
Nobly by the Unfortunate
Girl — They "Were Room
mates at the Hotel.
Disappointed in love and weary °* liv
ing, Miss LJzzie Prue came all the way
from Waverly. la., to San Francisco to
commit suicide. Yesterday she lay on a
FEATURES CF THE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE IN THE GRAND.
cot in the Harbor Receiving: Hospital, al
most in the throes of dissolution, moan
ing: "O papa, dear, I'm coming," and
it when the electric spark
with which the doctors were trying to
bring her back to life proved too strong,
g: "Mamma! Mamma! I want you."
Sitting by the bedside of the unfortunate
girl was Miss I •■ nnj of Arcata,
Humboldt Couni • had met in the
Grand Hot-: about ten days ago and
All through the terrific
. . th Miss Denny stay* l
(side and assisted the doctors in
way.
■ the two girls thus brought
■..lent is about a> follows:
Miss Lizzie Prue Is only 20 years of ag< .
while Miss Fl< : ny is perhaps a
year younger. Both are very hands
londe,
with en hair, while Miss
I ion;. > ■ ■ sought death
by the man In
v. hem all 1 ntered. and
g-i — in
sit to San Fi
au, when aht- met ihe
M!ss Lizz . ■ uch against
Hi :■ bi »th
K. Pi well-known business man In
VVaverly, la., while her mother Is .-it the
a married daughter
in Allison, la. Lizzie fell in love with a
•• ■ ston, and for
c t:rr: I •• was returned.
■r. and the blow
. bear. She had
mom '■ under her father's
iced her intent:
Her m
r brothi r expos
was of age, and th< y
• " w;is the way Lizzi< put
::^r arrival hero Mis? Pruo went to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ml* S 6 *^
I PROTECTION
89 against bad vv?ath?r an ! !
» chease eerms; fortify your
H constitution hv a regular us; i
'M of GHIRARDHLLI'S COCOA. i
fcB At grocers' — 50c a jr. \
Good Tea
More You Drink
More You Want
At.
Great AfflericanlmportiiiffTea Co.
Big Presents Free
STOKES EVJCnTWKKRK.
100 BTOllKt*.
the Grand Hotel and secured rooms. Day
alter day passed and, although fully de
termined to die, she could not make up
her mind what route she should follow.
Wednesday last she secured a bottle of
chloroform and hid it In her room. That
evening she and Miss Denny went out and
! called upon some friends of the latter, but
returned to their rooms early. Soon aft
: erward Miss Prue swallowed nearly half
I the bottle of the drug she had brought
! home in the afternoon and was soon un
! conscious. Her condition was discovered
I by Miss Denny, who gave the alarm, and
L>r. Alfred J. Noble was summoned iroin
his rooms in the Palace Hotel. After
some hard work the life of the- young
woman was saved. • ..
All night Miss Denny kept watch over
her friend, but yesterday morning MISB
Prue made an excuse to go into the bath
room and there she swallowed the re
mainder of the bottle of chloroform. As
soon as she was discovered the ambulance
was summoned and Miss Prue, accom
panied by Miss Denny, was hurried to the
Harbor deceiving Hospital. She reached
there about 11 a. m., and when placed on
the operating table went into hysterics.
The drug soon began to tell, however, and
then all the energies of Drs. Robinson and
Murphy were directed toward keeping her
awake. Until 1:15 p. m. they worked over
her unremittingly and then with a sigh or
relief were able to say "she is out of dan
ger."
Miss Prue was not a bit pleased at get
ting a new lease of life and said so. "The
greatest kindness you could have done me
was to have let me die," she said, to Dr.
Robinson. "I am only 20 years old and
have a good home, the doors of which are
open wide for me. but 1 won't go back. I
am weary of living and am going to die.
It may be to-morrow or it may be a week
hence, but die I will. The next time I'll
shoot myself."
Miss Florence Denny Is related to some
of the wealthiest people of Humboldt
County. She arrived hero from Eureka
on the steamer Pomona on August 25 last
and part of the time has lived at the
Grand and part of the time with friends.
When she went back to the hotel about
a week ago Miss Prue was there and their
acquaintance began then. Wednesday
Miss Prue ' received a letter from her
mother and in It was an urgent request
for her to come home and a notification
that a certain sum of money had been
forwarded to her through one of the
banks.
Miss Denny is of the opinion that Miss
Prue Is insane. She thinks tnai n m
nursing will do her good, and as
: ed will take her back t
llumboldt with her.
A RAG-TIME NIGHT.
An Interesting Entertainment to B=
Given by the Occidentals Next
Friday Evening.
On Friday evening, September V>. nn en
nment and bo< laJ will b< given in
St. Brendan's Hall, corner of Fremont and
Harrison streets, in aid <•! St. Bn ndan'a
bazar, which will open ■'•■■■ tember 28.
Thai good ta lent has '■ • ■ ired is
evidenced by the following named ,r.--m
--bers of the Occidentals of Baltimore Can
yon. Larkspur: Arthur Behring, Chris
H-rnharJ Jlarrv Wn-,<\ Brown, Phil Eis
JOHN P. IRISH AND W. B. HAMILTON
TO BE HONORED BY THE PRESIDENT
PRESIDENT McKINLEY hr,s made
known to a personal friend his
intention of promoting Colonel
John P. Irish, Naval Officer in the
Cuttom-hOUSe in this city, to the m'>r«;
distinguished and responsible position
of a member of the Board of General
Appraisers, whose headquarters are in
New York City.
The new position with which Colonel
Irish will be honored is under civil
service and la for life, the salary (17000
per annum) being equal to the respon
sibility. Under the regulations of the
service, the vacancy which will be
created on the Ist of October of this
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899.
enmfinn, Herbert C. Ely, Oscar Frank,
George Hammersmith, Charles Hopkins,
Will Moore, Ed Moore, Dennis Sherrln,
Will Wilson and Sam Yahl.
One of the features of the evening will
be Kathrvne Mullen in her famous cake
walk. The music will be furnished by
Hynes' orchestra.
The cause being a worthy one and the
demands for the tickets, which are only
25 cents, being so great, should assure its
success.
♦ ■
Organized Labor Metini^s.
At a meeting of the District Council
of Carpenters and Joiners last night the
rjuestion of the appointment of a special
agent to look after the fxcHisive interests
of the members of these branches was
discussed.
The increase of workmen together with
the magnitude of the council, it was
stated, would justify the appointment of
such an agent. This appointment, if made,
will be subordinate to and In conjunction
with the office of general agent, held by
Harry ..i. Saunders of the Building Trades
Council. The consent of the various
unions will be asked before the agent is
appointed. A like consent from the unions
will be requested in a communication
from the parent body regarding the call
ing of a union mass meeting looking to
an increase of wages of the carpenters
throughout the. city.
A petition was received from the stair
builders requesting that the council or
ganize them into a union. The applica
tion wan referred to Harry Saunders, who
is acting secretary, for his Investigation.
The Granite Cutters' Union elected W.
F. O'Donnell, P. C. Russell and Joseph
Prader as delegates to the Labor Council.
The electricians decided to affiliate with
th>- Labor Council and will elect delegates
at their next meeting. This union has
progressed rapidly during the past six
months. At the mooting last night eight
men were initiated and seven applications
w< re referred to investigating commit-
T. i-S
■ ♦ ■
Fontana's Salt Water Bath
Charles W. Fontana may thank one of
Petereon's boatmen for being alive to
day. The young man was standing on the
Folsom-streel wharf watching the United
Si ■ - transports loading along side when
ist his footing and plunged head
the muddy water of the bay. Being
a very poor swimmer he became hel]
was being carried outward by the
of ! Javry p. i. r
boatmen, who Instantly jumped in: rj
i | and ; s< ued him as he was about
to Fink for the last time.
Ladles' tailor-made Milt?, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothscliilil. 231 Post st. •
year by the resignation of Appraiser
Shurtleff of Oregon must be filled by a
Democrat, the board being non-par
tisan. Mr. Shurtlr-ff has been sick for
Borne time, and being no longer able
to keep up with his work has handed
to President McKlnley his resignation,
t<> take effect on the Ist of next month.
Mr. Irish's place as Naval Officer will
be filled by the appointment of Colonel
William D. Hamilton, the affable
cashier of the Custom-house. Mr.
Hamilton has been highly recommend
ed by United States Senator Perkins,
Port Collector Jackson and the entire
Californian delegation, and the Pres
BRAUNHART HAS
SURRENDERED TO
THE AUTHORITIES
Absurd Chase After
the Accused.
THE POLICE PLACED ON GUARD
PRELIMINARY HEARING TO BE
HELD TO-DAY.
Ex-Senator Dunn Intends to Prose
cute the Port Warden Vigor
ously — Local Politicians
Interested.
Samuel Braunhnrt, accused of perjury
, by ex-S^nator William J. Dunn, surr.-n-
I dered himself to the police yesterday
morning and was immediately released on
\ bonds. The accused man attributes his
arrest to spltework on the part of Dunn,
I but the interesting fact remains that two
reputable men of the city swear that the
i Port Warden used their names without
warrant and represented under oath
j scenes that never happened. The arrest
lof Braunhart has created considerable
: comment in political circles and the trial
j promises to be interesting-.
The arrest of Braunhart has provoked
from the police a series of explanations.
The warrant charging Braunhart with
'. perjury was placed in the hands of Police
Captain Spillane at 4:30 o'clock on Tues
j day afternoon. Braun hart's address was
: given and the question of arrest seemed to
i be one easy of solution. Acting Sergeant
| O'Meara was commissioned with the duty
of service and left the City Hall to bring
! Braunhart into custody. Sergeant O'Meara
had undertaken a serious clias.-. H.
hunted everywhere in the city, but the
accused man could not be found. Braun
hart was in his usual haunts, but the
police officer was always before or behind
him and could not find him.
As the hours wore on the chase became
amusing. In the different rendezvous of
politicians it was known that an officer
was seeking the Port Warden and wagers
were made that Braunhart would prob
ably prove the captor instead of the cap
tive. Sergeant O'Meara was doing his
best not to find the politician. It seemed
a? if the absurd game wire to be repeated
yesterday, but Braunhart took consulta
tion with himself and early in the morn
ing surrendered himsflf at police head
quarters. His bondsmen came with him
and he was immediately released.
The affair had become so serious from a
police point of view that at midnight on
Tuesday every police officer who left the
Central station at the c ';ty Hall was or
dered to be on the watch for Braunhart
and to bring him into custody if lie were
found. The Port Warden s;iwd th^ trouble
of a g( neral police raid by surrendering
himself.
His bondsmen are J. J. Harrigan, sec
retary of ttif Board of Port Wardens, and
Philip Cohen, a merchant residing at 729
Golden <;at.> avenue. Both qualified for a
| sum far In excess of the amount of the
I bond. Police Judge Conlan accepted the
bond and Braunhart was released.
His case will be called this morning by
Police Judge Thomas !•'. Graham, w\ ■
Issued the warrant. Ex-Senator Dunn
says he i:n< ::<!s to -, ress the charge !•> tin
end and that h>- will not (■•■ a.-.' with th"
prosecution of Braunhart. Others, it is
claimed, Bwore that they heard discus
of Dunn's character which the facts prove
never were ma the ex-Senator
intends to prosecute the alleged offenders.
And now th" sun never pets on
Columbia's domain— nor on the con
sumers of the Old Government Whisky,
who inhabit nearly all parts of the
globe.
ident haa announced that Colonel
Hamilton would receive tho appoint
ment.
Collector Jackson has the power to
fill the vacancy in tho cashiership
caused by the promotion of Colonel
Hamilton. The ofiice is excepted from
the olvll service regulations.
( 'ii! lector Jackson professed to be
Ignorant yesterday of the intention of
t)i>- President with regard to the pro
motion of the Naval Officer and the
cashier, and while he admitted that he
would have the power f> till the va
cancy in the cashiership and would
exercise that prerogative should a
vacancy occur, he declined to state
whether lv- had any one in view.
Colonel Hamilton was notified yester
day of his appointment by a dispatch
from Washington.
Colonel Irish would not talk on the
matter, beyond saying that he did not
know anything about the report that
he was to be appointed. The report
from Washington that Colonel Irish
was to be promoted is corroborated
by the fact that President McKinley
is grateful to him for not supporting
Bryan at the Presidential election, and
as he has an opportunity to select a
Democrat for the important position
of General Appraiser he knew of no
Democrat that he liked better than
the colonel.
The Board of General Appraisers
consists of nine numbers, each of
whom is placed in charge of one of the
nine districts into which the United
States is divided for the purposes of
the board. Colonel Irish will have
charge of the Pacific Coast division,
with the affairs of which he is well ac
quainted. He will continue his resi
dence in this State and will handle all
cases of disputed appraisement that
may arise on this side of the continent.
Hales.
we've had opening days before silks and satins
m .-t 4 i BLACK DUCHESS— heavy, both sides alike,
===many of them == =DUt never g . uarant : ed .r. ds 2^! n ? h .!^" !d .^ an^ an 4 lk a•ya•rd
t , * * • j heavier grades, same quality, but more silk....
have so many good friends "•■^■zx^&&sZ£?2£?z*£
IIdVC Ml Illaliy JIUUU HICIIUS NEW CORDED SATIN, elegant goods, in ma-
• >J rine. cyrano, golden, helio and cardinal— the colors
pf\*\\(\ for fall— 2o inches wide $l-yard
■'■ vUlliv* NEW CORDED TAFFETA, interwoven with
colored Persian stripes; a novelty already popu-
lar; £ lar; 19 Inches wide $1 yard
a reason suggests itself— never before JftgS^XZSS^^JSPjSi
have our importations of pattern cnild > s underwear
hatS eQUaled thiS years; neVer Merino vests, pantalets and drawers, in at .
, it » t <• l ural gray, nicely finished, for ages 2to 14 years...
has there been so much for you to ■•-• >(>agarment
see and admire as right now. Turkish towels
200 dozen initialed, bleached towels, two styles
« letters, woven and embroidered; colored borders;
WOmen 8 WeSP • a satisfactory towel 25c each
WOOLEN WAISTS, new arrivals, of extra fine «_sBl^-».-«ti7- />ot>»«>
material, tight fitted waist linings.. ...„ 01110 W V/CJoCc»
$1 and $1.50 each *r goo d quality muslin, 45x36 Inches, with two-inch
PERCALE WRAPPERS— IS dozen well-made hem- the price is less than the material would
percale wrappers, well trimmed, in desirable pat- cost 'to make them ...S 1-,'Jc each
terns; fitted waist linings; were $1.25, $1.50 and $2;
the entire lot goes at 98c 4-n •■ * 7 »•» • -rf- _ _. __
SATEEN UNDERSKIRTS, with white flounce, DODef* tO WrllC Oil
ruffle and braid trimmings, with lining and with- r »^ uid Scot i a linen, octavo or commercial writing
out ?1.-i> to IK- paper, ruled or plain, in quarter-ream boxes (120
- . q - sheets) 25c box
IOtS Ol IOCe box of envelopes to match 25c box
... ■ . . .. large square box papeterie, octavo size, ruled or
A combination order of huge .proportions en- 4 quires (96 sheets) paper, with envelopes to
ab ed us to get a lot of lace to put on sale at a P£» n h 4 heliotrope and cream sOc box
price; yards English torchon lace, that looks like .^T^KblSnl |v|oS?S E SS«
o-/^ j ti T« i- a x. , j. i i in Hurlburt's Florentine parchment, latest sizes,
2^oo yards English torchon lace, that looks like „„„ Zm ,r,H nhion^ envel.mes— °i sheets naDcr
110 900 yards'cambric'embroidery "edgings."^ lo\ mourning note paper octavo size. 24 sheets pa-
inches wide, insertions Ito 2y 2 inches wide, in fine. P er and 24 envelopes to match. -Oc box
close patterns or openwork 15c yard crepe tissue paper, all shades lOc roll
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
THAT DERELICT
RAFT HAS BEEN
SIGHTED AGAIN
Showed No Signs of
Breaking Up.
The tug Fearless returned to port yes
terday aft'-r H fruitless search of nearly
B w"k for the big log raft. The sooner
the derelict is picked up the better ship
ping men will be pleased, a.s owing to ti.e
dense fog that has hung over the ocean
for a wci'k past, it la one of the greatest
menaces to navigation ever adrift on the
Pacific.
There is now some hopes that the big
mass of logs may be brought in. Yester
day the bark Ferris S. Thompson arrived
from Chignik Bay, and Captain Murk re
ports Bighting the raft some miles above
Point Reyes. This was early in the day,
and in the evening the Czarina wasspcKen
and Captain Seaman was given the exact
position of the derelict. Everybody is
now hoping that the collier has once more
got iiold of the ran and will bring it into
port.
When Captain Murk saw the raft it
was intact and the American flag was
still flying. The Thompson nearly ran it
down in the fog, and it was only clever
seamanship that averted a collision that
might have proved fatal to the cannery
vessel.
The raft is just about in the position
where seafaring men said it would be
found. It drifted in a southeasterly di
rec fon until last Saturday, when the cur
rent took a northwesterly set, thus carry
ing the derelict back over its course.
Captain Marshall of the Fearless reports
a northwest current on Saturday. The
i Fearless went about forty miles off shore '
and cruised over 500 miles up and down
the coast at half speed. The tug was
stopped during the night and drifted with
the current. The fog was very heavy
all the time the vessel was out, and from
Saturday afternoon until Monday even
ing there was a dead calm.
The log on the bay yesterday morning
was very heavy, and all the ferry boats
were delayed in consequence. There were
some narrow escapes, but luckily no acci
dents.
Admiral and Mrs. Kautz gave a recep
tion to about twenty friends aboard the
lowa yesterday. Among those present
were Lieutenant and Mrs. Muller, Lieu- ;
tenant Sellers and the Misses McCalla,
daughters of Captain McCalla of the
cruiser Newark. The lowa's band dis
coursed sweet music throughout the after
noon. Owing to the reception no visitors
were allowed aboard the lowa, much to
the disappointment of a. crowd of people,
all of whom expected to get a close look
at the battleship.
The Harbor Commissioners let the con
tract for building the Santa Fe ferry slip i
at Main-street wharf to the City Street
Improvement Company yesterday. Its
bid was $30,890. while the highest was j
$34,814, that of Healy. Tibbitts & Co. These j
were the second lot of bids opened, the I
llrst lot having been rejected. On that oc
casion the lowest bid was $33,467. put in by ;
the Dundon Bridge and Construction Com
pany.
The auxiliary cruiser Badger returned !
from Eureka yesterday with the Naval ;
Militia The boys have been out a week,
and had a splendid practice cruise. They
had to live on naval rations and do all j
the work of a man before the mast. Yes
terday they had some splendid target
practice off Point Reyes, and good scores
were made. The boys disembarked last
night, well satisfied " with their week's
training.
Pat Meegan. a coal passer on the trans- |
port Sheridan, was nearly killed yester
day. A lump of coal fell from the bucket
on his head and nearly cracked his skull.
A badly lacerated scalp was dressed on
the hospital ship Relief, after which Pat
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital. .
■
AT THE MECHANICS' FAIR.
The pupils of the Lowell High School
and the John Swett and Humboldt schools
attended the fair yesterday, and were ac
corded a hearty reception. To-day the
pupils of the Hearst Grammar, Moulder
Primary and the Peabody Primary
schools will be the guests of the institute.
To-morrow night the feature of the
musical programme will be the organ re
cital of Dr. H. J. Stewart. One or the
interesting additions to the exhibits at
the fair is the saddle of General Monte
negro, captured by Sergeant Fred Boyd
and companions of the American volun
teers at the battle of Malolos. General
Montenegro was wounded in the knee and
his horse was wounded also. The general
was taken fron\ his horse by his com
rades, but died from the wound before
the insurgents could move him from the
scene of action and his saddle was taken
from the wounded horse.
JAP STATUE'S last days at Art Saloon.
Going East, then to Paris. •
Hales.
SUTRO HEIRS ARE ANXIOUS
TO SELL ELECTRIC ROAD
DENY TKAT SUTTEE, STREET
COMPANY HAS THE CALL.
The administrators of the Sutro estate
expect to dispose of the Sutro Electric
Railway on October 6, at which time bids
for the property will come before the
Probate Department of the Superior
Court. Rumors that the road was as good
as sold to the Sutter-street Railroad Com
pany are strenuously denied by represen
tatives of the corporation as well as the
administrators of the Sutro estate.
A bid of $IW,OOO has been made by a
broker, whose name is withheld, but V* .
R. H. Adamson. special administrator
of the estate, says positively that the
oiter is not made by the Sutter-street
Company. ,
The Probate Court granted permission
to Bell the property more than a month
ago and on September 5 an order was
Issued to show cause why the power
house should not be leased for a term of
five years at the nominal rental of $5 per
month. This order will be disposed of
October 6.
The Sutro road is looked upon with
covetous eyes by the Market street, Cali
fornia street and the Sutter street rail
road companies, and it is certain that one
of the three corporations has made the
bid now in the hands of the administra
tors, and that all of them will make offers
for the property when the matter reaches
the Probate Court.
Referring to the sale, Mr. Adamson
said:
"The estate has been anxious for some
time to sell the electric line and the ad
ministrators applied to the court about a
month ago to dispose of It. We have re
ceived a bid of $140,000 from a broker, but
1 can state positively that we have not
negotiated for the sale of the road to the
Sutter-street Company. All of these
matters have to go before the Probate
Court and we cannot dispose of the road
excepting to the highest bidder and then
only upon the court's approval of the pur
chase price."'
The Sutro Electric Railway is a stock
company, a majority of the shares being
held by "the Sutro estate. There are 40.000
shares altogether. Sixteen thousand of
them were never disposed of, 3000 were
sold off In small blocks and the balance
is owned by the Sutro estate. The cor
poration owns only the right of way,
tracks and rolling stock of the line, the
power-house not being included In the
company's property. At present the Sut
ter-street Company has a transfer agree
ment with the Sutro Company which the
California-street line is said to he anxious
to secure, and shut the rival concern out
of one of its most valuable privileges.
This would leave the Sutter-street Com
pany in the predicament of practically
commencing nowhere and ending at the
same place, up against the cemetery
fence, as was Its condition before the
Sutro road was built.
This situation would Indicate that there
will be a lively contest for possession of
the property when the sale comes before
the Probate Court October 6.
HIV 'f1 t V If]
Bar Outfits!
We are selling them for less money than any other concern on the Coast.
We manufacture all we sell, thus saving buyers freight and other charges.
They are all fitted throughout with nickel trimmings, the counter tops and
rails are made of walnut or oak, whichever matches the rest of the outfit.
I HR ILLUSTRATION SHOWS ONE OF OUR $165 BARS.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
<ing.\
1017-1023 Mission Street, (Above Sixth )
> Phone, South i - .„ Open Evenings.
Hales.
■
3-Day Specials I
If a man Is a bit grumpy In the morn-
ing; because his coffee is bad. buy on«
of our "Ideal" coffee pots and he'll
never have cause for complaint again.
IDfciML COFFEE F»O~TS.
ff! ■ Prices cut
y^S&s From To
a& Il^iV.. * pints. ..4l 10 J 75
\B S^HBbsw pints.... 1 beautiful
* pints.... 1 23 85
JgjpSSs^S?*^ 5 pints.... 1 35 53
r^^lJ I 7 pints.... 160 110
' % %fr*m*l f 9 pints.... 175 125
I *T'''§wiods Theee are beautiful
l i5J fvS£&^' ' nickel plated Coffee Pots.
g*T»«*jSEfiH requiring less coffee than
*LT'^fc i «SEiSP' any ethers, and are th*
• 1 only ones made on strict-
ly scientific principles.
COFFEE, 1b - 3Oc
. Ideal Blend,
roasted or ground;
regular price, 37'4c.
PUREE DE FOIS GRAS, tin Isc
For making sandwiches;
regularly 20c.
WINE JELLY POWDER, pkg..l2^c
Port, Sherry. Madeira,
Creme de Menthe, Maraschino and
violet flavor.
Something new and delicious.
SLICED PINEAPPLE, 2-Ib. tin 153
Regularly 20c.
WHISKEY (Mcßrayer's),bot.Bsc
Gallon $4.00
Bottled in bond,
which guarantees purity.
Regularly $1 25 and $5 00.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLHORB ST.,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
St. near Market. Ttlephooj Wist 152.
Tilejhoni Main 5523. ~
I Next SUNDAY'S CALL will be a I
marvel of beautiful illustrations !■
— its half-tone work being es- ;!
pecially fine. \