TOLOE LXXXVI-XO. 34.
THE CALIFORNIA REGIMENT
PREPARES TO SAIL
TO COME HOME ON THE SHERMAN.
Transport Sherman Leaving Negros Island With the First California
Regiment on Board-
MANILA, July 3. — Reports have been received here of an outbreak in the island of Xegros
incident upon the departure of . the California Regiment for home. Some hostile
natives, seeing a company of soldiers at one of the small posts preparing to de
part, thought the Americans were evacuating the island and a party of 250 rebels, mostly bolo
men, attacked the troops and killed one man and wounded another belonging to Company £. The
} : ilipinos were easily driven off.
The transport Sherman will bring the California troops to Manila before starting for San
Francisco. The transport Grant will soon embark the Colorado Regiment.
MANILA. July General Law- J
ton, who, with Colonel Denby
and Professor Worcester of the
American Philippine Commis
sion, has been visiting Las
Plnas for the purpose of establishing
civil government as the beginning of
a similar system in all the captured
cities In Cavite Province, has returned
to Manila. He Is greatly pleased with
the success of his visit. He established |
civil government at Las Pinas, in- i
stalling: natives in various offices and
establishing censorship over the local
press. The outlook, he says, is very I
promising.
The greatest preparations have been
made for the celebration of the Fourth j
in Manila to-morrow. There will be a !
parade of the school children, headed j
by the bands of the American regi- j
ments and local bands, and speeches at |
the Soldiers* Institute, at which Colonel
Denby will preside. In the evening
there will be fireworks on the Luneta.
All the batteries will join in firing a
Ealute at noon.
Professor J. G. Schurman, president
of the Philippine Commission, who
went some time ago on the gunboat
P><=nnington to visit the outer islands,
has returned from his trip. He ex
presses himself much pleased by the
Americanization of the southern is
lands, especially Xegros, where com
plete civil government Is in operation. !
During the trip he visited British
North Borneo, where he studied the >
English system of administration.
Presin>rt Schurman spent a day at
Iloilo and made a visit at Molo. He
found everything quiet there. A thou
sand Tagals in the northern part of the
Islands comprise the only troublesome
element in Panay. From Iloilo Pro- 1
fessor Schurman -proceeded to Negron j
Island. whTP he was specially inter- ;
ested in studying the conditions be
cause the Inhabitants of that Island
have always been friendly to the
Americans. In an interview he said:
"I found the situation in Negros |
pleasing. . The people are arranging a ;
local constitution, which was submitted ,
to me. I advised some changes, princi
pally regarding the Judiciary. It had j
been proposed to elect native judges for i
three and four year terms. I suggested |
the necessity of having Americans fill
these positions on the ground that for
eign nations might otherwise demand
consular Jurisdiction. The native offi
cials agreed to my suggestion, and said
It would be a better plan to have Amer- J
ican judges, because Americans were
not likely to be prejudiced from local
causes.
"The constitution proposed a native
Governor. I suggested that this office,
too, be filled by -an American. The
Negrosites admitted in the abstract
that this would be the better plan. The :
constitution had, however, already been '
drafted and the people expected to have
a native Governor. I then suggested
that the Governor should have an
American adviser, and to this the na
tives agreed."
Professor Schurman thinks there will i
be little difficulty in the island of Cebu. |
In Bohol all that is needed is simply
force to protect the towns.
Schurman said: "Cebu and Bohol are ■
ready for American occupancy when- |
ever we choose to send forces there. i
The natives will not oppose us. Samar :
and Leyte are more infected with the
Tagal spirit of rebellion, because they
are nearer Luzon. They present slight
ly more difficult questions to settle. The
insurgent, Luchan, who is In command j
there, Ib fomenting trouble.
"The question in the Visayas Is politi- :
cal instead of military. Whenever j
Aguinaldo is crushed the Visayans will i
submit passively. They are awaiting a j
settlement of the trouble in the island !
of Luzon and are willing to abide- the
result. They have no desire to fight.
Even in Panay there will be no fight-
Ing."
From the Visayas Professor Schur
man went to Puerta Caldera and to
Zamboanga, Of his visit to Mindano j
The San Francisco Call.
Professor Pchurman said: "There are
500,000 inhabitants, one-third Christian,
one-third pagans and one-third Moros.
Here the question is diplomatic. The
Moro chief in Zamboanga province is
friendly to the Americans and has
raised the American flag. The chief of
Basilan is also friendly and is prepar
ing to follow his example. The Chris
tians dislike the Tagals, and naturally
are not amenable to their influence.
They will probably follow the Visay
ans. They await only tactful dtfpfo
macy on the part of the Americans.
The pagans were reached through
their chitfs. In dealing with them it
is again a question of diplomacy."
The next place visited was Jolo. Pro
fpcc,,r Schurman says this is a beauti
ful island with a delightful climate and
splendid resources awaiting American
development. Schurman will sail for
home on "Wednesday.
RECRUITS REQUIRED
TO FILL VACANCIES
WASHINGTON, July 3.— The adju
tant general's office to-day gave out a
statement based on cable advices from
General Otis regarding the number of
recruits required to fill the vacancies
In the regular regiments now in the
Philippines, the transports available
for the return of volunteers and for the
transportation of fresh troops to the
Philippines, and the estimated time it
will take to complete the work of en
listment. General Otis' dispatch to the
department is as follows:
MANILA. July 2.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Number of recruits required
to fill companies to 128 in each regular reg
iment:
Infantry— Third, 336; Fourth, 304; Sixth,
175; Ninth. 315: Twelfth. 300; Thirteenth,
253; Fourteenth. 739; Sixteenth. 270; Sev
enteenth, 294; Eighteenth. S2S; Twentieth,
338; Twenty-first. 195; Twenty-second. 460;
Twenty-third, 6SO.
Artillery— First, 8; Third, 256; Fourth. 2;
Fifth. 2; Sixth. 93.
Fourth Cavalry, 493.
Engineers, 7.
Volunteers yet to be returned: Infan
try—California. 1188; Colorado, 1144; Idaho,
595; North Dakota, 623; Wyoming, 300;
Minnesota, 1165; South Dakota. 917; Mon
tana, 906; California Artillery, 358; Wash
ington. 1068; Tennessee, 446; Kansas, 1O.">2;
Nevada Cavalry, 88; Wyoming Artillery, ,
85; lowa, 995; signal corps, 106.
The California and Colorado regiments
are preparing to take transports. ' The
Sherman and Warren will leave shortly.
OTIS.
The department sums up the situa
tion as outlined by General Otis in the
following statement: To meet the re
quirements of the returning volunteers
the Quartermaster's Department re
ports there are now in Manila the
transports Sherman, Warren and
Grant, with a capacity of 199 officers
and 4924 enlisted men. There are now
at sea en route to Manila the Zealandia
(due July 20), Sheridan (due July 21),
Valencia (due July 26) and Pennsyl
vania (due July 29), with capacity for
161 officers and 4200 enlisted men. There
are now in San Francisco the trans
ports City of Para, which will sail July
12, and Tartar, to sail July 20, with a
capacity for fifty-five officers an' 1 • 2300
enlisted men. There are now en joute
to San Francisco the following ti ana
ports, with capacity for 20!) officers ana
4664 enlisted men: Ohio, Newport, In
diana, Hancock, Senator, Morgan City
and Relief (hospital).
The department confidently, believes
the transportation has been so well ar
ranged by the Quartermaster's Depart
ment that the last of the volunteers
will leave Manila not later than the
10th of September, and it is expected
they will all be away by the Ist.
The recruits required for the regular
regiments in the Philippines are esti
mated at 6338 men.
The number of recruits now at sea
is 1507; number of recruits now at
San Francisco is 3284, a total of 4791,
leaving 1547 yet to be provided for.
The large number of vacancies . ex
isting in the Fourteenth, Eighteenth |
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
and Twenty-third Infantry Is due to
the fact that these regiments went with
General Merritt's original expedition to
the Philippines and were not filled to
the maximum, also that the men in
these regiments who enlisted for the
war nre just now being discharged:
the men enlisting for the war in tho
other regiments were discharged be
fore the regiments left this country,
and the vacancies are due to the in
crease of the companies from 106 to 121?
men.
At the rat» of enlistments for the last
few weeks the entire number will be
enlisted by the close of the 'present
week.
ELEVEN REGIMENTS OF
VOLUNTEERS FOH MANILA
WASHINGTON, July 3.— Official an
nouncement was made to-day of the in
tention of the President to raise
eleven regiments of volunteers,
besides filling all vacancies in
the regular regiments now at Man
ila. Two of the volunteer regiments
have been organized at Manila, and of
the remaining nine two will rendezvous
and be drilled at <'amp Meade, Pa.,
and one each at Plattsburg barracks,
N. V. ; Columbus barracks; Fort
Thomas, Kentucky; Fort Sheridan, Il
linois; Leavenworth, Kans. ; San An
tonio, Tex., and Vancouver barracks.
Regular army officers who commanded
volunteer regiments in the war with
Spain will be assigned to command the
nine new regiments, and will" proceed
immediately with their captains to
posts at which their respective regi
ments will be recruited and take meas
ures to enlist men in all parts of the
country without reference to regular
recruiting stations. By this means the
War Department expects that by Au
guest all the men needed to form the
regiments will have been obtained and
that by th<> following month they will
be In shape to sail for their destina
tion. The total number of volunteers
to be enlisted will be 13,781—11,781 for
the nine regiments to be organized In
this country, and 2000 in Manila. Each
regiment will have fifty officers, so that
the regimental strength will be 1359
men. The order for the enlistment of
volunteers will not be issued until next
week, the department having deter
mined to continue enlistments for the
regular service for another week. In
which time the entire number of 6338
men required to fill the regular regi
ments in Manila will be secured. Be-
lieving that the country does not want
politics to enter into army appoint
ments, the President proposes to select
men to be commissioned from the regu
lar service and those volunteers who
served creditably during the war with
Spain, and but one additional brigadier
general will be appointed.
PEACE TREATY RATIFIED
BY THE SPANISH SENATE
MADRID, July 3.— The Spanish Senate
resumed to-day the discussion of peace
between the kingdom of Spain and the
United States.
Senor Montero Rlos, president of the
Spanish Commission at Paris, declared
that Spain would enjoy the same com
mercial rights In Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines as would he enjoyed by
the United States. He pointed out that
the treaty was based upon the principle
that Spain had relinquished sovereignty
over Cuba in order that the island
should become independent and not an
nexed to the United States.
The Senate ratified the treaty and then
adjourned. ____________
Oil Companies Incorporate.
SANTA BARBARA. July 3.— Despite the
strenuous efforts of eitisens to prevent
mining companies filing claims along the
beach, which is one of Santa Barbara's
chief attractions, articles of incorporation
are being filed at the County Clerk's of
fice repeatedly. To-day the Castle Rock
Mining Company filed a fifty-year incor
poration, with a capital of $50,000. The
company ■will bore for oil and dig, sell,
lease and exchange beach claims. During
the last month articles of incorporation
amounting to $175,000 have been filed.
PECULIAR
TACTICS OF
THE CZAR
Refuses to Receive Foreign- i
ers Who Intercede in
Behalf of Finlanders.
DEPUTATMSMBBED
While Russia Fathers the Peace
Conference It Will Not Do an
Act of Justice.
Special Dispatch to Thm Call.
While the Czar is seeking at The
Hague to pose as the apostle of
peace he still stands at St. Peters
burg as the autocrat whom no power
can turn from his purpose to deprive
the Finns of their liberties. Not
even the most eminent man in Europe
will be heard when they appear to
plead the cause of these downtrodden
people, and petitions on behalf of
Finland from foreign nations are re
sented by Nicholas as impertinent.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 3.— The
presence here of a foreign deputa
tion to intercede in behalf of Fin
landers created a sensation of as-
tonishment. The deputation con- |
sists of six members. ex-Minister Tra
rieux of France, Professor Nordenskiold
of Sweden, Professor Brusa of Italy. '
Professor Van derVlugt of Holland, Dr.
Bogger of Norway and Dr. Hansen of ,
Denmark. They brought separate ad- ,
dresses from twelve European coun
tries, entreating the Ciar to heed the j
rejected petition at the Finns. Several
addresses refer to his Majestj''s aim for
universal peace and harmony. The j
Dutch address is dated "The year of the i
Peace Conference at The Hague."
The Russians profess to he highly of
fended at the attempt at foreign inter
ference, and foreign Embassadors are
hardly less indignant that the Czar was
not approached through them.
The Minister of the Imperial House
hold, after taking twenty-four hours to
recover from his surprise, referred the
delegates to the Minister' of the Inte
rior, who sent them to the Czar's adju
tant general. The .latter snit them
back ' to the Minister of the Interior,
who entertained them at ; luncheon, and
politely and delicately informed them
his Majesty did not " wish to receive
them.
All the officials seemed fearful of
wounding their susceptibility. It is be
lieved M. Pobiedoneßtzeff, Procurator
of the Holy Synod, was mainly an*
swerable for the rejection of the ad
dresses. The delegates will return via
Helsingfors, where they will deposit the
addresses in the Finnish archives.
NEW YORK, July 3.— Journal spe
cial from Berlin says: Advices received
from St. Petersburg state that Grand
j Duke Vladimir's official tour of Finland
I has not been a triumphant success.
The Grand Duke, after a six days' trip,
| reports to his nephew, the Czar, that
Governor Bohrikoff's optimistic state
| ments that the people are accepting the
i alteration of the old constitution are
I utterly incorrect. Everywhere he goes,
the Grand Duke asserts, he has been
! met with coldness, and at a banquet at
I one town only six local officials could
i be Indued to dine with him. Grand
Duke Vladimir recommends to the Czar
that the old constitution be maintained.
THE HAGUE. July The drafting
committee of the arbitration commit
tee of the peace conference passed the
second reading of Sir Julian Paunce
fote's scheme for a permanent court of
arbitration to-day, and . then took up
the Russians' scheme, which is now
entitled "The Law of Arbitration and
Disputes Thereunder."
Sir Julian Pauncefote's scheme was
amended so as to permit the powers
wishing to take advantage of it to pro- j
pose four names for judges, and also
to permit the foreign powers at The
Hague to replace the permanent coun
cil of administration suggested In the
proposal of the heads of the British
delegation.
At the suggestion of M. Leon Bour
geois, the head of the French delega
tion, the drafting committee decided
that, in the event of a dispute, it should
be the duty of neutral powers to call
the attention of the disputant nations
to the existence of the permanent court
of arbitration. • '•
TURBINE SYSTEM OF
ENGINES FOR THE VIPER
Innovation in the Construction of a
British Torpedo Boat
Destroyer.
NEW YORK, July 3. — A Sun cable from
London says: Keen interest is felt at the
admiralty In the development of the tor
pedo-boat destroyer Viper, which will be
launched shortly on the Tyne. The
Messrs. Parsons are fitting her with the
turbine system of engines, and they be
lieve they will enable her to make forty
five miles an hour. Experiments are be
ing made in the direction of utilizing the
turbine system aboard ocean steamers.
Kxpr rts are of the opinion that this sys
tem will revolutionize ocean travel and
make it possible to cross the Atlantic in
three days.
CUBED OF LEPROSY.
Wonderful Recovery of a Negro Who
Had the Disease.
NEW YORK, July 3.— The World says:
Philip Sydney, a negro, who was one of
the Jeper inhabitants of the North Broth
er Island lazaretto, walked into Bellevue
to-day apparently entirely cured of lep
rosy. Drs. W. S. Stone and A. H. Man
dell examined him.
To-morrow Sidney will go to Black
well's Island to carry the good news to
two of his former leper companions, a
Chinaman and a German, who are at the
Almshouse.
The descriptions Sidney gave of the
wonderful remedy that cured him are
vague. The doctors understand him to
say that it came from India. Dr. Stone
said: "There Is no doubt but that Sidney
had leprosy. His cure ia wonderful."
BELGIAN MONARCHY
LOST EITHER WAY
THE TROUBLE AT BRUSSELS.
Gendarmes clearing the streets of rioters in the vicinity of the "Maison dv
Peuple." From a drawing made at the time of the riots in April, 1893.
PEACE IS
PATCHED UP
IN SAMOA
Mataafan and Malietoan
Chiefs Meet on the Bad
ger and Shake Hands,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
APIA, Samoa, June 26 (via Auck
land, N. Z., July 3).— The Mataafan
chiefs met the Malietoan chiefs yester
day on board the United States trans
port Badger in the presence of the In
| ternatlonal Commissioners, shook
hands and made peace.
A meeting has been arranged for Ma
lietoa Tanu and Mataafa with the com
missioners. Peace is thus finally as
sured between the chieftains and their
followers and both factions have re
turned to their villages on friendly
terms, awaiting the action of the pow
ers.
In the meantime the Government is
vested in the three Consuls, two of
whom can act in all cases where unan
imity is not required by the treaty.
Dr. Wilhelm Solf is exercising his
office as president of the municipal
ity of Apia, and the friction with him
and with the natives is at an end.
Thp German protected cruiser Cor
moran has arrived, and the Falke has
gone to Sydney, N. S. W.
Three thousand five hundred rifles,
not including those served to Malietoa
Tanu's party, have been returned to the
warships.
THREE BODIES LIE
BENEATH THE RUINS
CHICAGO, July 3.— Three persons are
believed to be dead beneath the tottering
walls of the Western Paper Stock Com
pany's plant, which was burned to-day.
The dead:
BARTHOLOMEW SPARKOETETZ, 50
years old.
MRS. JO.SIE DOYLE. 21 years old.
STEFFANIE BAGDCIES.
Th.c fire is thought to have started from
spontaneous eombustfon among some old
rat?? In the basement. The building stood
at 1452-1458 Indiana avenue and mi a
four-story brick structure. The flames
quickly spread to the upper floors by way
of the elevator shaft and stairway. The
highly Inflammable nature of the stock
caused the building to fill with dense
smoke, rendering escape difficult for em
ployes on the three higher- stories. The
occupants of the building became panic
stricken and rushed to the windows.
Those who went to the front, where
there was a fire escape, were able to
escape On the south side of the burned
structure, however, many of the frenzied
women leaped out of the third-story
windows to the roof of a shed. It was at
this point that most of those injured suf
fered. On the north side of the building
several women escaped down a ladder
raised by Mrs. George Caldwell and Mrs.
Rend, residents of the neighborhood.
Lakeport's Water System.
LAKEPORT. July 3.— The preliminary
work preparatory to the construction of
Lakeport's water works system has been
completed and the masons are now work
ing on the reservoir. The pipes are be
ing hauled and workmen will commence
laying them next week. The water works
will be owned by the municipality. J. S.
Stanley, the contractor, says he can com
plete the work in sixty days.
Los Angeles' Assessment.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.— The total as
sessed valuation of the city of Los An
geles as reported by City Assessor Ward
shows an increase of $4,028,335 over last
year In 1898 the total was $61,099,307. and
for 1899 the figure reaches $65,127,662.
BRYAN WANTS
THURMAN FOR
RUNNING MATE
Desires the Ohioan to Offset
the Influence of Harri
son at Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, July 3.— William J. Bryan
distrusts the Chicago Democrats, for he
fears that Mayor Harrison will bob up
to bother him in the National Demo
cratic Convention in 1900. Mayor Har
rison has too many sound money
friends in the Democratic party to suit
the Nebraska leader, and in addition
the Chicago executive wants to make
trusts the leading Democratic issue in
the campaign next year instead of sil
ver.
Mr. Bryan is credited with a desire to
have Allen W. Thurman as his running
mate next year, being convinced that
the Ohio man will be a leader of the
Democratic hosts. In fact, Mr. Bryan,
at a conference yesterday in this city,
announced that Mr. Thurman was his
choice. His desire to put up Mr. Thur
man for Vice President seems to be
based on the presentations made by
himself that he could carry, Ohio for
tho Democratic ticket. He told of the
Republican dissatisfaction in that
State, which, according to his views,
gives the Democrats an - excellent
chance to elect their State ticket this
year. In the event of success next No
vember, he said the way to victory in
the national election of 1900 would be
easy. In case Mr. Thurman is made
the Vice Presidential nominee it is said
the Democratic party will make Ohio
one of its chipf battle-grounds, hoping
to defeat McKinley by the adverse vote
of his own State. In IS9S Mr. Bryan
caught the galleries at the Chicago con
vention and received the Democratic
nomination for President, but if the Na
tional Democratic Convention is held in
Chicago next year he has some fear
that he cannot do this again, because
Mayor Harrison and his friends are not
Bryan men. Mr. Harrison was not at
yesterday's conference, and Mr. Bryan
thinks the Mayor may pack the gal
leries with other than Bryan men. Mr.
Bryan does not care for an Eastern
Vice Presidential candidate next year,
as he thinks the East is against him
anyway, and still an "enemy's coun
try." That is why he has taken at once
merely to the Thurman idea.
AN INCREASE IN THE
NUMBER OF FEVER CASES
Ninety-Four Cases and Seventeen
Deaths in the Vicinity of
Santiago de Cuba.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. July 3.— An in
crease in the number «f new cases of yel
low fever and a decrease in the death rate
are the striking features of the situation.
There have been ninety-four cases up to
date, of which seventeen have proved
fatal. Eleven out of the first fifteen at
tacked succumbed to the diseasp. Near
ly all were camp followers of the drinking
sort. Eliminating these, the death rate
has really been small.
To-day the medical corps was rein
forced by several doctors from Havana.
The fever hospital, which is on an island
across the bay. Is excellently equipped,
and 'lt is impossible to overestimate the
devotion and heroism of the medical men.
There is no fever in the city.
HAVANA. July 3.— Dr. Baker sailed
from here to-day for Vera Cruz to ex
periment with Sanarelll's serum. No
serum has been received here as yet. The
health officers are eagerly awaiting It, the
majority being enthusiastic over It and
predict its success.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SOCIALISTS
THREATEN A
REVOLUTION
Workingmen Promise Trou
ble if Universal Suffrage
Is Not Granted.
LABOR WILL CEASE
f All Men Vote Republicans Will
Overturn the Kingdom
Anyhow.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
BRUSSELS, July 3.— The excite
ment among politicians con
tinues, though further outbreaks
are improbable. Vntil the Gov
ernment's proposals are submit
ted to the Chamber Tuesday, when, if
satisfactory, a permanent compromise
I may be effected, otherwise the Social
i ists threaten extremes, even revolution.
i The bill satisfies only the Clericals, and
j there is a strong feeling, in which the
j Socialists join, that new elections ought
i to be held before any change is effected
I in the way of redistribution of votes or
i seats. If the Government does not with
! draw the electoral bill Tuesday or In
troduce a bill providing for universal
| suffrage the working class promise to
j precipitate a general strike throughout
; the country. The Government is be
| tween the devil and the deep sea. If
the Cabinet opposes universal suffrage
it is threatened with a revolution which
may sweep away the monarchy. On
the other hand, universal suffrage is
liable to result in the return of such a
large Socialist and Republican major
j ity in the Chamber that the monarchy
j will be equally threatened.
At a meeting of the factions of the
j Left in the Chamber a resolution in
fiver "of th" with >ay of the electoral
I bill and urging a dissolution instead of
a referendum was adopted.
BLANKET INJUNCTION
AGAINST STRIKERS
Federal Judge Allen Takes a Hand in
the Mining Troubles at
Carterville.
SPRINGFIELD (111.). July 3. — The
United States has now taken a hand in
the mining troubles at Carterville. Thi3
afternoon, upon the application of Charles
H. Bosworth, receiver of the St. Louis
and Big Muddy Coal Company of Carter
ville, who was appointed In the Federal
Court as such. Judge Allen, in the Fed
eral Court, issued an omnibus injunction
against John Piana and others restrain
ing them from in any way interfering
with the receiver or any of those employ
ed at the mine in its operation. Chief
Deputy United States Marsha! Watts, ac
companied by Deputies Wier, Dowell,
Spring, Williams and Eaton, has gone to
Carterv'lle to enforce the injunction. State
President John M. Hunter of the United
Mine Workers of America left to-day for
Carterville. .—.*.-**
DENVER. July 3.— General H. C. Mer
riam. who was' in command of the troops
at Wardner, Idaho, when martial law was
declared there by the Stat.; authorities
after the Coeur d'Alene miners' riots, took
occasion to-day, in an interview, to assert
that he is not an enemy of labor or of
unions as has been represented by James
R. Sovereign. Samuel Gompers. president
of the American Federation of Labor, and
other labor leaders.
"It was my wish and my hope, declared
'■ the general" "that every union miner in
! the Coeur d'Alene could declare his inno
! eence and the Innocence of bis union and
i obtain the Governor's employment permit.
i and the higher Tho wages the better I
■ should have been pleased."
FURTHER PROPOSALS
NOT TO BE CONSIDERED
If the Alaskan Boundary Question Is
Not Soon Settled the Frontier
Will Be Garrisoned.
NEW YORK, July 3.— A Journal special
from Washington pays: A high official of
the State Department said to-day con
cerning the Alaskan boundary that the
time had come to advise England that
there was no intention on the part of this
Government to listen to further proposals
the essential object of which was to ob
tain unreasonable concessions of Ameri
i can territory.
"The only possible chance I now see for
I a settlement." said this official, "is that
England may induce Canada to see that
all "of these propositions before the Joint
High Commission will be Impossible of
consideration, if the provisional boundary
i line be not first fixed. In other words, all
! of Canada's chances for reciprocities with
the United States will be Wiled summar
ily if the Alaskan boundary business is
not settled and at once.
"In case of a final disagreement on the
provisional line, the United States will be
obliged to garrison Pyramid Harbor.
which is now without a garrison, at the
request of Great Britain, and other places
! on the frontier, in the interest of Ameri
j can citizens in the disputed territory."
DEWEY'S ROUTE HOME
MAY BE CHANGED
Contagious Diseases Prevailing at
Bed Sea Ports Cause the De
partment Uneasiness.
NEW YORK, July 3.— A special to the
! Journal from Washington says: Th.3
State Department has been Informed that
on account of the epidemic of contagious
diseases prevailing at various points alonij
: the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean it wiii
i not be safe for Admiral Dewey. who is hi
! that part of the world on his way to the
; United States, to call with the Olympi.i
, at Suez, Ismallle and Port Said. This m
i formation, which comes from I nited
States Consul Grant at Malta, has been
I turned over to the Navy Department. an«l
'. solicitude for the health of the returning
Admiral and the officers and men on tho
i famous flagship will cause Secretary Lorn?
I to send advices on the subject to Dewey
1 at once-2
BISHOP NEWMAN'S
LIFE EBBING AWAY
BISHOP JOHN P. NEWMON.
SARATOGA, X. V.. July 3.— Dr. S. E. Strong, Bishop Newman's attending
physician, says the illness of the eminent divine is a serious case of
progressive paralysis, and that all sensation of his lower limbs is gone
and vital organs are affected. He has only passing gleams of con
-Hmisness but does not suffer pain. Only his remarkable vitality
h« l em him alive tor several days, and the end may come at any time.
Telegrams have been pouring in from all parts of the country to-day.
PROTESTS AGAINST
PRESENT POLICY
Address Adopted by the
Social Conference.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO, N. V.. July 3-— At the meet
• the Social Conference to-day an ad
dress read by Professor Herron criticixmß
the Philippine policy and the alleged ten
dency to autocracy waa adopted, but the
vote was subsequently reconsidered aitcr
a number of addresses denouncing sucn
action. Pandemonium ensued aa motion
after motion waa ad Ijpeaker after
Bpeaker was heard or suppressed. Finally
an address to the public was taken u\>
seriatim. From time to time, some dele
gate would arise In a spirit of desperation
trying to protest against the language of
the address.
The first paragraph denounced ' the war
,( , n qui 31 ctermination." Th >
word "extermination" was stricken out.
The words "lawless and Irresponsible'
were stricken from the paragraph re
ferring to military control in Idaho.
The address as adopted refers to '•the
two great evils of militarism and plutoc
racy which now menace the existence of
the republic."
The former, it declares, is expressed in
our war of conquest in the. Philippines; In
our contini ' !üba; In the
private use of the United States army for
the complete and instant overthrow of
civil government in Idaho and the •
lishment of military despotism in the cor
porate and private use of military force
to destroy and terrorize organized labor
and In the monstrous public corruptions
that have grown out of our Spanish and
Philippine h
••The nation," the address contii
"that strikes at the liberties of an
nation commits national suicide. We
not too greatly emphasiz • I that
the militarism that seeks c >nq
hap for Its ultimate purpose the destruc
tion of organized labor at home an i the
defense of the Government by injum ttons
of the Federal courts, which have usurped
the functions of legislation and have set
■aside the laws of the land."
An appeal Is made to the public to join
in the demand for the granting of the
liberties pledged to the Filipinos. Mili
tarism Is declared to be bui the offsjring
and Incident of the greati r menace of
plutocracy which has established monop
oly government.
"By economic force." pays the address,
"based upon special prtviliges in law and
natural resources, upon Indiscreet taxa
tion and consequent political competition,
monopoly Is centralizing the wealth of
the nation In the hands of enormous
trust?, which are becoming Irresponsible
economic despotisms; which are using
legislation, the judiciary and all the func
tions of gi ' as the mere instru
ment of private profits; which are reduc
ing the entire people to economic serf
dom or enforce d wage slavery."
"Political liberty," the address declares,
"is a mockery without economic liberty.
Even the further extension of the suf
frage, so as to grant political citizenship
to women, winch extension we urge? ana
advocate, will avail little <>r nothing with
out economic freedom to all. We there
fore make urgeni appeal I i people to co
operate with us in th" institution of such
movements and the support of Mich men
as shall propose, first, direct l'-gi
and proportionate representation; direct
taxation, public ownership of public utili
ties or monopolies growing out of nat
ural resources- and the existence of so
ciety; the sole control by the people,
through th. ir government of their me
dium of exchange, ;:nd for the upbuild
ing and end ;.rr.ent of a tree,
■ and progress! ■• a ■■:>-•}■ based on
these elementary principles of political
and social democracy, we offer our serv
ices and our citizenship and appeal to the
good will Inherent In the association of
men for liberty and the common good."
TAXES ARE DODGED
BY THE MILLIONAIRES
Small Valuations Placed Upon the
Property of New York
Rich Men.
XEW YORK. July 3.— Among the heavi
est assessments on the personal property
list published t&-day are the following:
William Waldorf Astor/$2,000.u >": All., r
tona S. Eyne, $800,000; Maria Marshall,
$530,000; Joseph Pulitzer, $500,000; Cornelius
Vanderbilt. $400,000; William K. Vander
bllt. 1400.000; Adrian Iselin, $400,000; J. Pier
pont Morgan. $400,000; James M. Constable,
$300,000; J. D. Rockefeller, $300,000; John
Jacob Astor, $250,000; Henry G. Marcjuand
$200,000; Frederick W. Vanderbilt 1200,000;
George W. Vanderbilt. $200,000; Grace G.
VanderMlt, $800,000; O. H. P. Belmont,
$200,000; Seth Low. $167,800; D. O. Mills,
$150,000; Robert Bonner, $125,000; George
Ehret. $125,000; Collis P. Huntingdon. $MO,
--000; Morris K. Jessup, $100,000; Caroline W.
Astor. $100,000; M. C. D. Borden. $100,000;
Joseph H. Choate. $100,000; Joseph J. Lit
t'.e, $75,000: R. Fulton Cutting. $75,000; Mor
gan Dix, D.D.. $75,000; Henry M. Flaglor,
$75,000; Henry T. Sloan. $50,000; William M.
Evarts, $50,000; William R. Hearst, $40,000; |
Cornelius N. Bliss, $30,000; William Brook- j
field. $25,000.
Governor Roosevelt's name has been re- i
moved from the list for some reason not |
explained. The small amounts returned j
by manjrj^ere named who are reputed mil- '
lionaires many times over, whose houses
nre filled with act treasures and bric-a
bric of great value and whose possessions
opularly supposed to include goodly
supplies of cash in bank' as well as notes,
bonds, mortgages, etc., If surprising.
BAIvTQUET TO FATHER ADAM.
Newman Club to Give the Priest a
Farewell Feast.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.— The Newman
Club is preparing to give a banquet in
honor of the Very Rev. Father Joachim
, vicar-general of the diocese of
Monterey and Los Angeles and rector of
SL Vivians Cathedral. The reverend
divine, after thirty-live years' continuous i
service, will on August 6 sail for Spain
for rest and pleasure rim. settle in the.!
se where Bishop Mora is now sta- .
•■■■: cd. The banquet "will be held the last
week in July, when Father A. bun will
read a paper containing retniniscen
his labors In this diocese. His resignation
will be accepted at the time he leaves Iv>s
Angeles, when Kishop Montgomery will
name bis successor. Father Adam has
visited all tho churches in his charge and
said farewell to the parishioners.
Ask Leniency for Neall.
WASHINGTON, July :>,.— Among the
callers on President McKinley to-day waa
John W. Mackay of San Francisco and
H. H. Kohlsaat of Chicago. Both asked
the leniency of the President in the case
of Captain Neall of the Fourth United
< 'avalry.
The President h;;s not considered the
case as yet, but it is generally believi d
hi re that a decision will be reached in a '
few days.
DEATH OF DOWAGER
QUEEN KAPIOLANI
NEWS of the death of the Dowager Queen Kapiolani was brought from
Honolulu last night by the steamship Coptic. According to the in
formation received the distinguished woman passed away on June 24.
after a long illness. She was residing at her old homestead when
d^ath relieved htr suffering.
The body lay in state for eight days in the old Hawaiian church and
was viewed by thousandß. Her funeral took place last Sunday and vas
largely attended by royalists and those who knew her in her lifetime. Gen
erai sorrow was apparent over the death of Kaploiani, but no great excite
ment was noticed in native circles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
LESS DANGER
OF WAR IN
TRANSVAAL
It Is Thought the Britons
and Boers Will Amicably
Settle Differences.
Special Dispatch to The Catt.
PRETORIA, July 3.— The A T nlkf-rnad
by a vote of 14 to 13 has decided to give
i an additional member for Pretoria and
each district having only one member
. now.
Herr Fischer, the envoy from the
Orange Free State, had a long inter
view with President Kruger on the
! question of the franchises to-day. It
;is expected that Herr Hoftmeier, the
Afrikander leader, will join in the con
ference to-morrow.
WASHINGTON, July B.— Rear Ad
miral Howlson is of the opinion that
war between Great Britain and the
: Transvaal Republic is not as certain as
I has been supposed. This is shown by
the fact of his purpose to sail from
Delagoa Bay en the cruiser Chicago on
Wednesday for Cape Town. In a
| cablegram to the Navy Department to
; day regarding the cracking of the lin
■ ing of the low-pressure cylinder, which
will have to be repaired at Cape Town,
' Admiral Howison announced lhat he
would sail in July for that point As it
is understood he has visited Pretoria,
j where he met the American Consul and
Boer officials, jt is presumed that he is
satisfied that American interests are in
! no immediate danger.
No report has yet reached the State
: Department from the Consul at Pre*
toria Bhowing an alleged appeal to him
,by American residents of the Trans
| vaal for a guard of marines to provide
! protection for them and their property
i in the event of war, and Rear Admiral
i Howlson has not mentioned such re
i quest in his dispatches to the Navy De
partment. The authorities are there
fore forced to the conclusion that there
is no immediate danger of war, as a
result of Admiral Howison's observa
tions, and in fact the State Department
reports show that the trouble will prob
ably be amicably arranged. The fact
j that the Chicago will sail a week ahead
of the date fixed in her itinerary as that
upon which she should leave Delagoa
Bay is another indication of Admiral
Howison's confidence in the contin
uance of peace. It is said at the de
> partment that the Chicago's injury is
slight and can readily be repaired at
! Cape Town.
Throws a Hammer at a Child.
STOCKTON, July 3.— The little son of (
Christopher McNulty waa struck on the ;
h..a«i and seriously Injured yesterday by
a ..ammer thrown by N T . Smith, residing !
at 1--1 West Washington street. The mat
ter was not reported to the officers until
to-day, and pending the result of the In
juries to the boy no formal complaint has
been lodged. The fence In front of the
Smith residence had oeen freshly painted,
and yesterday the boy came along and
put his hands on the paint. Smith In i
thoughtless anger threw a hammer at the
boy and the heavy ton": struck the young
fellow just over the left ear. fracturing
the skull To-day the boy was suffering
considerably and his condition is regarded
as serious.
Honors for a Woman.
MARYSVILLE, July 3.— The county
Board of Education to-day organized for
the new scholastic year by electing Miss
Jennie Malaley president and J. A. Scott
secretary.
GREAT ADVANCE
IN AUTOMOBILISM
Rur) Made prom Paris to Rouen
Without Recharging Electric
Accumulators.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899,
by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, July 3. — The Figaro this morning says: It is a considerable
advance in auiomobillsm to be able to accomplish the distance from
Paris to Rouen in an electric, carriage without recharging the accumu
lators. This feat was performed on Sunday by Comle de Chassesloup
Lausat, a devotee of electric locomotion. Accompanied by one passen
ger, he drove himself the carriage with which he experimented at Acteres.
He started at 3:30 o'clock in the morning and reached Rouen at about 11
o'clock, covering 13fi kilometers in seven hours and fifteen minutes, stop
pages being deducted.
Several chauffers, among them MM. Michelin and Jeanta, in petro
leum carriages, accompanied him and returned in the evening. The trav
elers spent the afternoon at Rouen, and, the accumulators having been
recharged, left there about S o'clock, reaching Paris about 4 o'clock in
the morning. The time c-n the Journey was seven hours and a half,
stoppages included. This is the first long Journey made with an electric
carriage without undergoing the necessity of renewing the suppiy of mo
tive force.
HOLLISTER GETS
THE CONFERENCE
Epworth League's Next
Meeting Place.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . : ,
SANTA ROSA, July After a Sabbath
day spent in attending rallies, young peo
ple's meetings and regular church ser
vices, the delegates to the State Epworth
League reassembled in the Fifth-street
i M. E. Church this morning at 9 o'clock
! for the transaction of business. State
| President New by was in the chair.
After a word of prayer, followed by a
short song service and a reading from the
Scriptures, the selecting of the place for
the next State convention was taken up.
On Saturday afternoon three cities had
been proposed— Los Angeles, Visalia and
Hollister. When the proposition was vot
ed upon to-day the honor went to Hollis
ter by a large majority.
Resolutions were Introduced thanking
the Santa Rosa people for the many cour
tesies extended the delegates while here.
It was decided to renew the per capita
tax of 25 cents for the coming year in aid
iof the missionary fund of ■ the M. E.
1 church South. A resolution was adopted
j asking the international conferences to
adopt scarlet and white as the colors of
the international league emblem in the
future. It was decided to ask the bishop
presiding at the session of the Pacific an
nual conference of the M. E. church
South not to again rearrange the confer
ence districts when such a change would
be apt to necessitate a change in the dif
ferent leagues. Resolutions of thanks to
the press and others were passed by a
unanimous vote.
At the conclusion of the introduction of
! resolutions State President Newby intro
duced his successor, Sam W. Brown of
San Jose, who took his seat amid pro
longed applause. William H. Waste then
presented ex-President N» why with a
beautiful gold locket handsomely set in
I diamonds, upon behalf of the convention.
Mr. Waste's presentation speech was well
received. Ex-President Newby made a
feeling response. „.
At the arternoon session Rev. J. C. bim
mons of Modesto. Rev. W. H. Knicker
bocker of Los Angeles and William H.
Waste of Oakland were elected delegates
from California to the International Con
vention at Indianapolis. The delegates
were instructed to use every honorable
means possible to bring the 1901 meeting
of the International Conference to San
Francisco. Stirring speeches were made
upon the subject by a number of dele
gates and a resolution instructing the
I president and secretary to telegraph the
Invitation at once was adopted by a
I unanimous vote and with cheers. The
! message sent was as follows:
To the International Conference Epworth
Leagues In Session assembled at Indianapolis-
Fellow Leaguers: The eighth annual confer
ence of the Epworth league of the Methodist
Episcopal Church South of California, in ses
sion assembled af Santa Rosa, Cal., June 29
to July 3. send greeting. . .
We have heard with much pleasure of the
efforts being made to secure the next confer
ence of the International body in our great
State and we hereby extend in the name of
Christ our heartfelt well wishes ami ask that
California be selected for your conference.
From the snow-clad peaks of Mount bhnsta
in the north to Fan DteffO in the south, and
from the Sierra on the east to the billows of
the Pacific on the west the united chorus Is
being raised "California in 1901." We join in
the son* and ask you to come, and pledge our
hearts and homes and a happy welcome when
your "Mighty host advancing" shall turn to
ward our western shore.
At 4 o'clock the delegates were driven
around the city by the citizens In car
riages. The day was a delightful one
and the courtesy of the Santa Rosa peo
ple was Cully appreciated and- enjoyed
most thoroughly.
To-night's session was well attended.
President Brown called the convention to
order, and after the usual prayer and
song service the Rev. L. A. Green of
Chico was introduced and delivered a
powerful exhortation to the league mem
bers -.resent. At the conclusion of his
address the convention adjourned sine die,
all present joining hands and forming
what is known as "the unbroken circle"
and singing "God Be With You Till We
Meet Again."
The sentiment freely expressed among
the delegates is that the present session
has been one of the most pleasant and
profitable the league has ever known.
While other meetings have been more
largely attended, in none has the interest
been so keen and never before nave the
delegates been better treated by the citi
zens. ..__
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Withdrawal of an Appeal From a
Ezcision in a Los Dis
trict Land Case.
WASHINGTON, July 3.— The Commis
sioner of the General Land Office has
been notified by F. 1,. White that his ap
peal from the department's derision rela
tive to land in the Los Angeles district
han been withdrawn.
The postoffice at College Park, Santa
Clara County, will be discontinued after
July 31. Mail should be sent to San Jose.
Army orders: By direction of the As-
I siatant Secretary of War. the following
enlisted men now at stations designated
after their names will be discharged from
the service of the United States by the
commanding officers of their respective
stations: Private Campbell Harrod. hos
pital corps, Vancouver Barracks; Private
Charles N. Rookei. hospital corps. Pre
sidio of San Francisco.
Corporal Charles B. Thompson of Com
pany M, Seventh United States Infantry,
Philippines; Privates Elmer E. Reethorn
of the Twenty-third I'nited States Infan
try, unassigned; Earl 8. Roulette of Com
pany S. casual detachment. Presidio, are
transferred as second-class privates to the
signal corps. United States army.
Private Arthur F. Bronwell of Troop
H, First United States Cavalry, now at
Fort Mead, S. D., is transferred to the
Fourth United States Cavalry. He will
be sent to the Presidio, and will report
upon his arrival to the commanding of
ficer, who will furnish him transportation
to the Philippines.
Private Jonn I. "Van Ness of Company I,
Twentieth United States Infantry. Philip
pines, is transferred to Company A, Bat
talion of Engineers, at that station. Pri
vate John F. Meyer of Battery N, Third
t»ui;cd States Artillery, now at Angel Isl
and, is transferred to the hospital corps
as a private. *
Lieutenant Arthur L. Conger of the
Eighteenth United Stares Infantry is re
lieved from duty at Columbus Barracks,
Ohio, and upon the expiration of his pres
ent leave of absence will proceed to San
Francisco and report to the commanding
general of the Department of California
for temporary duty.
First Lieutenant Charles F. Bates of
the Twenty-iifth United States Infantry,
is transferred from Company G to Com
pany E of that regiment. Lieutenant
Bates will upon being relieved proceed to
San Francisco aud join his company.
Pensions: California — Additional — El
kanah F. Shaw. Santa Cruz. $8 to $10. In
crease—Mortimer J. Stone, Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, $0 to $8; Jacob Rev
nerson, Middletown. $6 to $■>>: Charles Ilih
bard. Middletown. $,s to $Ut; Eleazer
Towner. Buisun, H to $10.
Oregon— Original -George Moberry. Cor
nelius, $6. Restoration and reissue — Lewis
F. Shipley. Heppner, $S; Daniel Ford.
Roseburg. $12. Increase— James Handley,
St. Paul. $X to *s: William 11. Patrick.
Central Point. $S to $10. Original widows,
etc.— Sarah E. Shipley, Heppner, $8.
Washington — Increase— John Carmody,
Spokane. $8 to ?m ; Mexican War survi
vor, increase — Holmes C. Patrick, Ta
coma, $8 to $12.
DO NOT OPPOSE THE
MARRIAGE OF MISS GRANT
Relatives of the Great General's
Granddaughter Have No Objec
tion to Prince Cantacuzene.
NEW YORK. July 3.— A dispatch to the
Journal from Newport says: "Among the
Fourth of July pyrotechnics, the advance
explosions over the approaching marriage
of Julia Dent Grant and Prime Michel
Cantacuzene promise to be the most bril
liant in the summer colony here. The
statement was made to-day on all sides
that Mr?. U. S. Grant, grandmother of
the prospective bride, is stubbornly op
posed to the marriage of her grand
daughter to a Prince. In case Mrs. Grant
should continue to oppose the match, it
Is hinted that Mrs. Potter Palmer, wife
of the Chicago millionaire, will not settle
the promised half million dowry on Miss
Grant, The Prince will arrive here in
August to claim his bride."
NEWPORT, R. 1., July 3.— Mrs. Potter
Palmer, when seen to-night, emphatically
denied the report that Mrs. U. S. Grant
opposes the marriage of Miss Julia Dent
Grant, her granddaughter, to Prince Mi
chel Caatacuzene of Russia. She said
the report was absolutely untrue.
SARATOGA, July 3.— The attention of
Mrs. U. S. Grant and Mrs. Frederick D.
Grant, who are stopping at the Wind
sor, was called this evening to the rumor
that they were opposed to the marriage
of the latter's daughter. Miss Julia Grant,
to Prince Cantacuzene (if Russia. In
wishing to deny the rumor, Mrs. Fred
Grant, also speaking for her mother, said
the engagement had the cordial approval
of both and they were most happy over it.
CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS.
Woman Burned by Carbolic Acid
and Then by Fire.
REDDING. July 3.— On Friday evening
a young woman named Bessie Woodson,
living at the Mountain View House, mis
took carbolic acid for glycerine and
burned her faop horrihly. Last night
while lying in bed she lightod a cigarette.
The cotton in which her face was band
aged caught fire and burned her horribly.
Her companion seized a blanket and suc
ceeded in smothering the flames. The fn
iured woman's screams could be heard
blocks away. She will recover, but her
face will be badly disfigured.
Sale of Thoroughbreds.
NEW YORK, July 3.— A number of
horses in training, the property of vari
ous owners, were sold to-day in the pad
dock at Sheepshead Bay as follows:
Lanky Bob. b. c, 4. by Lord Harting
ton-Victoria IT, Sydney Paget. $1000.
Rare Perfume, h. c., 3. by His Highness-
Blossom. Underwood, Cole & Co. $1025.
Midwoofl. b. c, 2, by Midlothian-Miss
Woodford.A. M. Aleer, $700.
I CURED OF RHEUMATISM!!
> ■ ®
$ ■■ . • : • ♦
* ' - ®
® Harry A. Perry of Port Kenyon, Cal., Cured of £
f Rheumatism by |
■ - \VV'f> (I
$ Dr. McLaughlin' s Electric Belt. |
® * ! ":' Port Kenyon, Humboldt County, Cal. "£
Y. DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: From, the first moment your Electric Belt ®
A. clasped my waist I started to Improve and am now entirely cured of my sciatic rheu- >
<y matlsm. I owe my strength and happiness to your Belt and hope others who suffer (•".
T •will open their eyes and see the benefit It will be to them. Yours truly. . 4.
® o- ; .>V'- / ' HARRY A. PERRY. / [ J
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. \
X There Is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing that will X
*£' relieve the pain and stiffness so speedily as DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S EI/EC- V
X TRIC BELT. Its cures are numbered by the thousands. Every day brings.. X
% , fresh proof of its power. If you have Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica,, <$
X Lumbago or Weakness in the Nerves or. Vital Organs, you ought to consult X
5: Dr. McLaughlin. He will tell you whether his Belt will cure you and give ®
"♦" you advice free. If you cannot call,' Bend for the free book, "Three Classes +
® of Men," which will be sent sealed to address for the asking. Don't put it ®
4- off. Act to-day. . There is nothing more important than your health. Cnll -f
0 or address ®
■*" I^*« Tl/I A IUT^T — — t-** 702 Martat St., cor. Ke»rny. 8. F-: X
® Dr. M, A. lucLaugnlin, i v d i o n e^i.r r - Bpmg «*^ ®
® Office Hours— a.m. to «:J0 p.m.; Sunday*, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ®
®Xs>+<S)-»- ®i®>®-»-®4<a) rf ®>® 4®-f ®^>+®>®fo>®V®>®f®>®^®-f®><^f®
IN FAVOR OF
MIDDLE WEST
Railroads' Decision as to
Coast Jobbers.
— *.—
STAND BY GRADED RATES
GKEAT NORTHERN AND NORTH
ERN PACIFIC CHARGES.
Refuse to Make Concessions in Regard
to Shipments Into Washing
ton, Oregon and Cali
fornia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. July 3.— The Great
Northern and Northern Pacific to-day
announced their decision fn favor of
j the Middle West in the controversy
I with the Pacific Coast jobbers as to
: rates to North Pacific Coast points. The
| roads refuse to grant the revision of
; the freight tariffs required by the coast
S jobbers of the Twin Cities, Duluth, Chi
| cago and St. Louis. The ro-ads abandon
the theory of "stamp" rates and declare
I their determination to stand by the sys
i tern of graded rates as regards ship
j ments into Washington, Oregon and
| California.
The decision is addressed to W. P. I
Wheeler, chairman of the Pacific Coast !
traffic committee, and is signed by D. '
Miller, vice president of the Great
Northern, and J. M. Hanaford, vice
president of the Northern Pacilic.
In stC.bßta.nce tht- statement says:
"The principal contention you make is !
against what you term our departure
from the principle of postage or "stamp i
rate,' destroying your natural advant
age of location whirh enables vessels i
to load the manufactures of the Atlan- j
tic seaboard and land them at our dors j
at the lowest possible cost.
"This is a question where our inter
ests are so seriously affected that al
though the system of graded rates may
be dangerous to our interests, we must j
disagree with your suggestions and at- j
tempt with due deference to the com
mercial interests of the whole country
to break away from the old plan of the !
postaye stamp rate and establish a I
graded basis. If it is right to apply
postage stamp rates from all the
sources of supply in the East, it is right
to apply postage stamp rates to the
points of consumption in the West.
"Such application erf the postage
stamp principle would make the States
from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast !
the maximum for all intermediate busi- !
ness. Such an adjustment of rates is
not what either of us desire. We do
not feel that we can successfully de
fend the position advocated by your pe
tition nor that its adoption would be j
for your best interest or our own."
SUITS AGAINST UNION
BANK STOCKHOLDERS
Small Holders Defendants in an Ac
tion Brought in Justice's
Court.
SAX JOSE, July 3.— One of the suits i
brought against the stockholders of the j
defunct Union Savings Bank to recover
their pro rata liability was fairly started i
before Justice Wallace to-day. It is the I
case of C. W. Childs and others, to whom j
had been assigned the claims of 400 <le
posltors, against Elizabeth Angus and |
seventy-nine stockholders. The stock
holders sued are all small holders, and for j
this reason the suit was brought in the i
Justice Court. A demurrer and several .
answers were filed. Attorney J. R. Welch
appeared for the depositors and S. G.
Tompkins and others for the stockholders.
Attorney Welch, for the depositors, said
It would take a month to try the case if
all Issues were gone into in court. He j
suggested the feasibility of all attorneys j
interested getting together in his oiftci\ |
where the data were conveniently ar- i
ranged, and settling as many ract3 ;>.s !
possible out of court. He further said |
that in this particular case he did not In- j
tend to urge any claim for deposits made I
more than three years prior to the com- j
mencement of suit, though he would not
admit they were barred.
His suggestion was acted upon, and the
several attorneys will meet on Wednes
day and consider various matters. Tho
court will then consider the case.
IMPERIALISM THE THEME.
Midsummer Reunion of Professional
People at Pacific Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE. July .".—The regular
midsummer reunion of the professional
people of this State, which convenes in
Pacific Grove each year, opened its four
days' lecture course in Assembly Hall to
night. The first lecture was delivered im
mofliatoly after the preliminary business
by Professor H. T. Ardley of the Univer
sity of California. The subject was
"Art." and the lecture was profusely il
lustrated. A poneral discussion followed.
The events of the reunion will be a pa
triotic celebration in the Assembly Hall
on July fi, with an oration by Rev. John
A. B. Wilson. D. D.. of San Francisco;
a second lecture on "Art" by Professor
Ardley on Wednesday, and on Thursday
and Friday lectures on the Hawaiian ana
Philippine Questions by Mrs. HaUie a.
Steele of San Francisco.
The reunion is conducted under the au ?
pics of the Pacific Grove BetreatA? &o
ciation. and is always a notable event of
the summer season at this place. lh^
general subject to be considered dunn o
the present meeting is -Imperialism.
Monument to Rochambeau.
NEW YORK. July 3.— A Hun cam- ironi
Paris says: The commission which 13
superintending the erection of a monu
ment to Rochambeau in the Race ven
dome has decided to offer a replica to the
United States, suggesting its erection in
Washington, opposite the statue or i-.a
--fayette.
Blue Rock Tournaments.
GILROY, July 3.— ln the bluerock enn
test to-day between the Hollister Gun
Club and the Gilroy Sportsmen's Protec
tive Association the latter won in the A
class by thirteen birds and the former in.
the B class by five birds. Shooting for
sweepstakes followed.
A.JVEKTISEMENTS.
Nineteenth semi - ANNUAL
STATEMENT
OF THE
MUTUALSAVINGS BANK
OF SAN FRANCISCO—
ISO. 33 i->OST STREET.
Capital stock subscribed $1000,000
Of which has been paid in gold coin.. 300.000
Statement of the condition and value of the
Assets and Liabilities of the Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco, a corporation doing
business at 33 Post st., City of San Francisco,
State of- California, and where said assets were
situated on June 30, 1899.
ASSETS.
Promissory notes secured by first mortgasa
on real estate within this State, ■ Oregon and
Washington.
The actual value of said promis-
sory notes is • * I >J?X I S7, I,
Real estate taken for debt 119,344 04
United States bonds..! 401,416 70
! (These bonds are owned and con-
trolled by this corporation and are
kept in the vaults of the National
Bank of Commerce In New York
City ) ■
Miscellaneous bonds and stocks $1,190,061 60
Bonds and shares of capital stock
of corporations upon which this
! corporation has advanced 62,956 00
I (All said promissory notes, bonds
' and stock certificates are kept ' In
the vaults of this corporation and in
Safe Deposit Boxes of the Deposit
Vault Department of the First Na-
tional Bank.)
Cash in gold, silver and
currency, the actual value ■ -
of which Is: '■■■■'■ .„' ;_
In vault... .- * 47.084 55
In bank •• 275.686 SO 325.7H35
. ■ 320,7? l 55
Furniture and fixtures 1.000 °°
Total assets $3,910,228 97
LIABILITIES.
To depositors this corporation owes
deposits amounting to and the ac-
tual cash value of which is $3,516,899 10
To stockholders the amount of capi-
tal aid in, the actual value of
which is '. 300,000 00
Surplus 61,50000
(The condition of said liability to
stockholders is that no part of the
amount can be paid to them, or in
any way withdrawn, except in pay-
ment of losses during the existence
of the corporation, nor until depos-'
Itors shall have been paid in lull the
amount of their deposits and de-
clared dividends'.)
Contingent Fund, not including th«*
amount of accrued but uncollected __
I Interest on investments 31.529 57
Total liabilities $3,910.228 97
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO
By ' JAMES D. PHELAN, President.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
i State of California; City and County of San
Francisco— ss. '• ■-;■-?.. -.
-We do solemnly swear that we have (and
I each of us has) a personal knowledge of the
| matters contained in the foregoing report, and
I that every allegation, statement, matter and
1 thing therein contained Is true, to the best of
'• our knowledge and belief. ■'- ■ '■ ■: ■
JAMES D. I'HEI.AX, President.
\ , " GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this third
; day of July. A. D. 1899. j£j*£
1 Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Buf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can bo restored to you. The very-
worst cases of Xerron« Debility ara
absolutely cured by PEKFECTO
TA II LETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the irasta
and drain of Vital powers. incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of ear'v years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
i tion. Brace up the ejstem. Give >^3v bloom to the
oheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^BVVvounK or old -
OneMo box renews vital enprg;. F»lt J6 boxes at
*2. 50 a complete guaranteed cure X 3133' " r money re-
funded. Can be carried in rest -*mv pocket Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt ot
V-lce.by THE Pr.RWTO en., C-— MM*., <T-.leaeo, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. m
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. i ■
i visit OR- JORDAN'S great 4
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Qj) " IGSimZST ST. tot. 6447 a, S.F.fcl. i
; T '' Of , The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A «=3Wfw w World. AVeakne^seS or any contracted g
V xb£ S3M disease ponltl»rljrciir«dby the oldest T
0 ItfT 1 Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years 9
A £§£"& DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
1 V^Cflßkß Consultation free and strictly private \
An XST'B? n Treatment personally m hv letter. A M
\BW Si H • Pw " ltle Cure in every case undertaken. T
A Pit I A \Vr:tefnr Book. PHIl.OS()l"aV of A
V I I II •• M»nni,\(.i:. MAILED FREE. (ay
A t& {l< valuable book for men) . \
V DR. JORDAN A CO. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Stfri" ■££& , Five hundred reward for any
3""" "^ case we cannot cur*. This secret
.3 B remedy .stops all losses In M
abtfj }**& houre. cures Emissions, lmpo-
Yit^ v?fr tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
*K£M iUL Gleet. Fits, Strictures. I^oat
tK^vf nttE; Manhood and all wasting effects
t — -^-i." ' of self -abuse or excesses- , Sent
sealed. IS bottle; S bottles, f5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, »65 Broadway. Oakland. CrJ. Alto
for sal* at 1073\i Market St.. S. F. All prtvat*
j diseases Quickly cured. Send for free book.
t*\mßS^^^^^^£fji remedy for Gonorrhoea.
JfSfIrC DBE^WtH Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
mlSWia 1 to 6 d»T«.\jf Whites, onnaturai .li#-
OfSm OniruuM M rh.n'gSß, or any inflamma-
fsCff not to (trlatore. ti a, irritation or ulcora-
P>" eonugion. tion of mucous mem*
KTItHeEvAHS CHEMICAino. Cranes. Non-astringent
IgfILciNOINNATI.O mß} S °' d bj »™«-Ttal*.
TSsSa. n i i T|ls °r ifnt in plain wrapper,
jS^^J' ldsfi*El 7 express, prepaid, fot
•IXsWbaTVI ' t lo0 < or 3 bottles, 92.76.
*ir^^ggfjPfr- ■■ Circular Mat «a ntsaßtt
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTER 9, THB
rreat Mexican remedy; rives health *nj
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 123 Market.
WBEKLL CALL
0/ It Publishes the Cream of thm
2 News of the Week and
o? MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORiGINAL FEATURES.
©< IT IS THB BEST WEEKLY
OC ' PAPER ON THB
J PACIFIC COAST
OC «-^_
~J The Best Ny / Mining
**» Telegraphic \y/^ News That
°\ Service on S\. Accurat*
cm The Coast • up to data
CM S .X. _
°i -
01 Not a Line of It Sensational
©/ 'or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 it Dry or Uninterestina.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per YeaiBEACONS
BLAZE ON
PIKES PEAK
Seventeen Hundred Pounds
of Colored Powder Is
Touched Off.
FOURTH J^SJIERED Ys
Magnificent Illumination Viewed
From Cities Within a Radius
of a Hundred Miles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUMMIT PIKES PEAK, Colo..
July 4.— The Fourth of July in
Colorado was ushered in at mid
night by a magnificent illumina
tion on Pikes Peak, 14,000
abov< i. Seventeen hun
dred pouj red, white and
blue powd •:■ yvas set <>ff promptly
;<t midnight, and the ■: imson
glow was tiling far "iv over
mountain and plain. '":'!■•* with
in a radii::-. .. f a hundred miles
witnessed the •■ ■'■ ■' '■'•' * nr ■• I
tacle, the wh C the peak
appearim; I wrapped in
flames. Th celebration was,
perhaps. I ' 'mique in the
history of tJ ■ natal day, and cer
tainly i! unique in the
hist. ■ io and Pikes
Peak.
SANTIAGO DAY AT
THE OMAHA FAIR
OMAHA. July 3.— "Santiago Day'"
•uas celebrated to-day at the <;reater
America Exposition. The guests of
honor for the occasion were Postmaster
General Smith and Major General
h Wheeler. Both were given a
most enthusiastic reception by the largre
i in attendance, the former nvm
;ond and Third Nebraska
ts present being particularly
enthusiastic in greeting General Wheel
er. President Miller of the exposition
introduced Postmaster General Smith,
v he said in part ;
This intense activity at home, this uni
versal employment of labor, this great
reas - prosperitj so on undis-
>s<ed in a
, way. The eon-
i 'iiilippir.es has not affected our
unparalleled Industrial revival or our
. . In truth, the tre
be past year havf aid
cening our domestic activities,
1 »r they have lifted the curtain and re
for trade and com
: ■ . even this trouble in the Phllip
■ ha ■ come if the action
■ rnment had been unhampered
Jts success where it
had :• was unlimited and un
•ry In the war with Spain
s unequaled. You will search th<*
■ history in vain for a parallel
to its Bwiftness of execution and its com-
I of triumph. It was as skillful
in making peace as in waging war. The
. of Parts was negotiated with ex
'.inary ability, promptness and judg-
LJp to that point there was no flaw in
-weep of success. Had the treaty
promptly and unanimously ratified,
ought to hay-> been, there would
been no '♦onflJct. The treaty was
to the Sent.tv- early in December.
and for nearly two months after
•hat tune peace and order prevailed.
There was no outbreak till February. Thn
eignty of the United States, estab-
I and recognized by the treaty, was
pted. Hut the manifestation of op
position in the Senate Incited and em
boldened opposition in the Philippines,
Of nearly two months at
Washington created a new and unneces
sary . ontest around Manila.
When that contest came. the. Govern
ment had but one course and one duty.
- under obligation to suppress trie
insurrection of the Tagals in Luzon, just
as much as it would be to suppress the
of an Indian tribe in Idaho or Wy-
We owe 11 to the world, which
Izee our supremacy and expects us
peace and maintain law and or
der; we owe it to our own sovereignty,
we owe It to the interests and well
l.einsr of the Filipinos themselves. We
no war with the Filipinos. It is the
testimony tmmlssion, and of all
lorities. that fuily 90 per cent
ol the Filipinos accept and welcome the
American Hap. which carries liberty and
the promise of enlightenment and pro
gress to them. Our conflict Is only with
the single tribe f Taeals. which, because
nt encouragement from some of our own
tuse of a misunderstand
, American purpose, has
broken nur in insurrection. That conflict
..-.happily continued beyond the hope.
perhaps, beyond the expectation or
lii- country, it i<- i:o fault of the Govern
ment. It Is no fault of the soldiers.
Every battle has been a victoray. The
American arms have never once been de-
I or repulsed. No soldiers ever :
fnught more dauntlessly under greater
ships than the heroes who have:
our flag through the jungles of Lv- j
nd the names of <>tis anil Mac-Ar
thur and Law ton and Funs ton, with Uv-ir
gallant comrades, wlli ever be Inscribed
-' • • cords of American
There has b< en no lack of vigor
ous leadership and no lack of faithful and |
.-■ service in the ranks. The oniy
troubii ■ n our numbers have nol
I enough to overwhelm the in- t
f-utgents and crush the rebellion.
Wl, ■ fault, if there be? What
is the public feeling: within the past
weeks? The American people have not:
changed our spirit or purpose; they man
fully accepted the responsibilities and the
which came with the war of last
year; and they accept them now. They:
thoughi of shrinking from the
which have fallen upon them.
Instead of abandoning this work they are '■
the- more determined to proceed with it,
and their feeling is not one of heslta- |
tion and doubt, but rather one of impa
icomplish Immediate and con- j
elusive results. Hence comes the sug
n thai the President shall call out
the full maximum of volunteers with the.
l.upf- of crushing the revolt in a short
and decisive campaign. This is a natural
impulse and it deserves to be treated in a I
frank and candid manner.
What, then, was the situation? I am |
re to criticize. Bach branch of the
Government is responsible for its own ac- I
tion. But it is only fair and just to state
facts and tn show precisely what the 1
President h;*d to meet. Not only did the i
opposition, by delay in the ratification of;
the treaty, encourage the insurrection,
but the emasculated army bill crippled
the power of suppressing It. The Presi
dent was compelled at the same time to
face the revolt and face a practical re- !
construction of the army. T'nder the stat- \
ute, when the treaty of peace with Spain
was ratified not only was every volunteer
entitled to be discharged, but every reg
ular above 27.. r >oo was required to be mus- !
ti rod out. The President then was con
fronted, in the midst of the Insurrection
v.ith the problem of relieving a large part
of the force in the Philippines and of
being compelled to substitute new levies. !
He stood face to face with the difficulty, I
In the presence of a force already too
small, of withdrawing more than 10,000
trained and disciplined men from the!
fighting line while the campaign was at I
Its height and of filling their places with !
new forces.
Had the volunteers exercised their
rights of immediate discharge our army !
would have been seriously crippled and !
disastrous results might have followed.
But. to their undying honor be it said,
they made answer which reflects immortal
glory upon the American citizen and the
SAN RAFAEL'S CELEBRATION BEGINS WITH
A BICYCLE PARADE.
SAN RAFAEL., July 3.-Wlth fire
crackers and bombs bursting on all
Sides, roman candles and skyrockets
shooting skyward and greek fire
throwing a crimson haze over the
business part of the town, with
Richardson's band playing national airs
on the Courthouse plaza and thousands of
spectators cheering lustily, the celebration
of the anniversary of the Declaration of
Independence was beg,un here this evening
by a grand parade of wheelmen, in which
300 persons of all ages and both sexes
participated. The gayety of the scene was
enhanced by the decorations of every
house In the city, thrown Into bold relief
by incandescent lights and Japanese lan
terns.
The procession passed down Fourth
street from E to B, down B to Railroad
Kiue, along Railroad avenue to Irwln
et. along Irwin to Fourth and up
Fourth in review vast the Courthouse.
Heading the parade came the San Rafael
band in a gayly decorated 'bus and the
wheelmen followed two abreast. At ti
conclusion of the parade the prize com
mittee, composed of George H. Willian
(chairman i. Attorney Thomas P. Boy
vritz vnp. Birlem, William Robertson ai
Lewis Smith, declared the prize winne
Ie as follow? :
ntleman's single— Fred Edgington.
dy's wheel— Miss Louisa Lund.
lid's wheel— Wesley Hayden.
st decorated tandem— P. Henry Pete
Bon.
K. Magner was Riven honorable mentio
for a tandem entry. The announcemi
of the result 6 was greeted with heart
applause.
The celebration for to-morrow will b
gin with a parade at 10 a. m. and ciul
with fireworks ai 8:30 p. m., under the
supervision of W. S. Dreypolcher. Among
those who have helped to make this the
iv ist magnificent celebration ever hehl in
Marin County are Sigfried K. Herzog,
grand marshal of the parade; Lewis
Hughes, chief aid; Judge !'. M. AngeHotti. •
executive Bommitteeman, who will be
chairman of the literary exercises; Em
iwtt Hayden, chairman of the executive
committee, and \Y. S. Dreypolcher, who
will have entire charge of the ftreworka
f.lspla> . Hon. Frank L.. Coombs will be
orator of the day.
Old Calaveras' Awakening.
SAN ANDREAS. July 3.— To-morrow,
Fourth of July, will show how old Cala
veras has come out of the dust and awak
ened to new life. This has been a remark
able y&ar for immigration and reaction.
The newcomers, the younger generation
and the "old guard" have come together
for the good of the flag. The main thor
oughfare presents a striking appearance
American soldier. They said: W Q are
entitled to be discharged; we want to re
turn to our homes and families; but nev
ertheless we will stay here and fight on,
; and we will not leave our posts until the
Government is ready to put others in our
Pl ft Ce was a magnificent exhibition of the
devotion and patriotism of true Ameri
cans Nebraska holds a high place ; n
that lustrous roll of honor. Two days .ago
the Nebraska regiment, which has been
at the front and shared in the triumphs
and glories of the campaign, sailed from
Manila for home. In a few weeks they
will be here to receive your welcome and
to wear the well-earned laurels of their
faithful and Intrepid deeds. They were
entitled to come in March but with that
roble and chivalrous spirit which has
• ver distinguished the American «> ld A e £
: they declared that they would hold their
posts on the fighting line until the Gov
ernment was ready to make their places
good with equally true fighters, and now
they come only when others are , her
: and on the way to carry forward the flag
of the country which they have so bravel;
U TITe d foresight and care of the President
nermitted this to be done without any
ESSES. He might have called for vol
unteers as many now ask him to do; n<
might have accepted ( the^ great^numbers
that call I : 'he 'might have sent these un
disciplined and unacclimatea levn a .o
become the prey of sickness and disease;
but he did a wiser and a .surer thing:
Required by the army bill practica ly to
reorganize a new army, he directed, im
medhtev e on the passage of the bill and
on the adjournment of Congress, that the
work of recruiting should be cweftMy
undertaken. The recruits enrolled have
numbed more than 1000 a week, 90 per
cent of all who have applied l)d\e been
rejected because of falling short of the
standard: fully 70 per cent of those ac
cented saw service in the Spanish war of
with re-enlistments,
number all told about 40,0 W. so that now
Xn oval and earnest people without
having understood what has been going
on are asking that volunteers be called
t to crush the insurrection they awake
to find that the army has been quietly
reconstructed, and that instead o being
obliged to raise and hurry forward new
trooDS the Government is able to give
.Ural Otis from 38.000 to 40.000 of the
best trained and most effective soldiers
in WH P h W s°u r oh a force of such quality at
his command, when the rainy season is
over and the fighting can be resumed
again the earnest desire of the country
for a short, sharp and decisive campaign
will be fully realized.
General Manderson introduced Gen
eral Wheeler, who spoke briefly of the
events at Santiago and indorsed the
attitude of the administration in the
Philippines.
MAY FIGHT CORBETT.
Jeffries Says He Is Willing to Meet
All-Comers.
SALT LAKE. July 3.— Champion James
j. Jeffries gave a sparring exhibition at
the theater to-night to a large audience.
He Is on his way to San Francisco. Jef
fries' attention was called to Corbett's
statement made in Buffalo to-night that
he would be ready for a contest with the
winner of the Jeffrles-Sharkey fight. Jef
fries said he was still in the fighting busi
ness and if anybody wanted to do business
with him he could always be found.
Foresters Guests of Chico.
MARYSVILLE, July 3.— A large delega
tion of the local court of Foresters of
America attended a banquet given by the
Chlco court to-night and will participate
in the parade at that place to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
1 and is enough t<> "enthuse" a backslider.
Streamers and flags are floating in Lhe
breea arches commemorative oi tne pio
neers, the Native Sons and the Native
Daughters, span the main streets. Bach
n has tried to outdo his neighbor In
a kindly way, to shew his patriotism, by
decorating in a gorgeous manner.
Hon. Frank J. Solinsky will be presi
dent and Judge R. C. Rust orator of the
day. The Grand Army veterans have es
tablished headquarters in town and will
join In the proceedings. The Native Sons
Parlor has charge of the day's celebra-
I tion and every preparation has been made
to eclipse previous celebrations.
.Gilroy's Celebration.
GiI. ROY. July 3.— The Fourth of July
will be celebrated in an appropriate man
ner in Gllroy under the auspices of the
i Gilroy Fire Department. The various
I committees have worked diligently and
have completed the details of the day's
celebration.
The programme will commence with a
street parade In three divisions under
command of Harry B. Wise, the grand
marshal. There will be fifty mounted
aids The Ban Juan band will lead the
! first division, followed by carriages con
taining the Mayor and Council, officers of
the day. Vigilant Engine Company, lire
: men, hosecart and float representing the
' The second division is in charge of D.
\V Wallis. first assistant aid, and con
; tains mounted aids, the Gilroy band with
i) Walling leader; Goddess of Liberty,
Miss Mary Walton Alien; Eureka Hook,
Ladder and Hose Company and business
The third division is in charge of W. C.
Bennett second assistant aid; mounted
aids ladies mounted, Gilroy band, Jam-.-s
1 Gulp leader, with escorts; Gilroy public
school, decorated bicycles, floats, decor
ated carriages and citizens mounted.
The parade will be followed by the fol
TOURNAMENT
FOR THE GOLF
CHAMPIONSHIP
Play Opens on the
Onwentsia Links.
HIGH SCORES THE RULE
MOST OF THE CONTESTANTS
SHOW NERVOUSNESS.
♦
Society Gathers in Force at the Club
Grounds to Witness the Begin
ning- of the Week's
Struggle.
Social, Dispatch to The Call.
ONWENTSIA CT.rB GOI.F COURSE,
LAKE FOREST, 111., July X— The fifth
annual tourr.ament of the United States
i Golf Association was started to-day over
the eight-hole course of the Onwentsia
Golf Club. The weather was Ideal for
golf. The sky was overcust with clouds,
and a light, cool breeze blew over the
course, quickly drying last night's rain
from the greens. Even before Secretary
Robert Ji.'ig^Kerr started the initial pair
of contestants in the first qualifying round
the beautiful grounds and the clubhouse
were thronged with gayly dressed women
and their escorts, wl.lle all over the cour»e i
the red-coated golfers were scattered,
taking a lust critical look at the links
before starting in their week's struggle
for the amateur golf championships.
When, promptly at 7:30 a. m., Walter
McKittrick of the St. Louis Country Club
and Phelps B. Hoyt of the Glen View Golf j
Club opened the tournament the little
grandstand at the first teeing ground was
filled to overflowing with golf enthusiasts,
and ac Mr. Hoyt, who had the honor,
drove his ball far over the bunker down
the slope of the green beyond, thus form
ally opening the tournament, a hearty
round of applause was given. Mr. McKit
trick also cleared the first of the bunkers
beautifully, and he was also applauded.
Four minutes after they were away and
had played their second shots and passed
out of range of the next golfer's drive, the
secretary called the next pair of contest
ants, D. M. Cummings of Washington Park
Club and P. W. Harvey of the Cleveland
Golf Club, and thereafter, at intervals of
four minutes, the players who are com
peting for national championship honors,
drove and were away until the long list
had been completed. As the celebrities
appeared to start on their long journey
over the course, they were applauded lib
erally. Findlay S. Douglass made a beau
tiful drive In his opening round with W.
C. Carnegie Jr. of the Allegheny Club, the
longest up to that time, but four minutes
later James H. Tynge of the Morris Coun
ty Golf Club beat It by many yards.
Messrs. McKittrick and Hoyt finished
their first round at 9:45 a. m. Neither [
lowing literary exercises at Music Hall:
Song, "America," audience; Invocation,
Rev. E. B. Hays; address, Mayor H. R.
Chesbro, president of the day; song, "Ir
Liberty's Name," double male quartet;
reading of the Declaration of Indepen
dence, Guy Van Schaick; vocal solo, '"The
Flag That Has Never Known Defeat,"
Miss Bertha Bacher; poem, written by
Miss Marcella A. Fitzgerald, read by Miss
Hannah Sorrenson; oration, John P. Fitz
gerald; song, "Star-spangled Banner,"
double male quartet.
At noon a barbecue will je held at the
old mill lot on Monterey street. In 'the
afternoon at 2 o'clock there will be street
games, races, etc.
The Fourth at Woodland.
WOODLAND, July 3.— A1l preparations
are complete for an imposing celebration
of the nation's birthday. A salute will be
fired at sunrise. A grand procession will
move at 10 a. m. A fine "literary and mu
sical pri.mainnie will follow the diumls
yal of the parade. Ai -i o'clock then- will ,
be a display of day fireworks. \ iinoin
amusements, including a baseball gain.-,
will be held in the afternoon. At B 0 ClocK
in the evening th. !■•■ will be a grand pyre- :
technic display, jtnd the festivities will j
conclude with a ball.
Evergreens for Keswick.
REDDING. July 3.— The people of Kes
wick are to hold a Fourth of July cele- :
bration to-morrow. On account of the
gaseous fumes from the Mountain Copper
Company's smelters no trees or vegeta
tion of any kind grow in K>swick. The
citizens of that place will do their dec ir
ating in evergreens. An appropriation
was raised and to-day a large force of
men was engaged in cutting trees in the
hills and hauling them to Keswick, when)
they are being erected about the streets.
The imported foliage completely trans- i
forms the appearance of the smelter town.
Fun Begins at Eureka.
EUREKA, July 3.— This city is now In
the midst of the grandest celebration ever
held In Humbolcit County. The celebration
has been on since Saturday. To-night a
Mardi Gras festival was in progress, par
tlcipated in by thousands of people from
all over the county. To-morrow there
will be a. mammoth parade, yacht races, a
Bremen's tournament, day fireworks and
all kinds of games, with a pyrotechnic
display and ball in the evening.
Will Parade at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. July :f.— The Boys'
Brigade of Oakland is encamped in the
woods near Boulder Creek for this week.
The. boys are having a great time bunt
ing, ns'hing and bathing. They are t<>
take a prominent part In the Fourth of
July celebration here to-morrow.
showed good form going around the
course, Bar. McKittrlck doing the eighteen
holes in 101, while Mr. Hoyt took 99.
It Is the general opinion of the golf ex
perts that, considering the almost perfect
condition of the course. 190 will 1..- the
highest to qualify, while the .scores will
run from that down to 170. Some of the
experts haw- been showing such good
form that scores even lower than 170 were
looked for.
By 10 o'clock the contestants began to
come in rapidly from their nrat muni over
the course. High scores were the rule,
many of the players apparently being af
flicted with nervousness. It was in tno
putting that most of the golfers fell by
the wayside, running the scores of the
first round in many instances around the
hundred mark.
William McCawley. Merion Cricket
Club, and Herbert Mcßride, Cleveland
Golf Club, made good scores. McCawley
going over the course in Hti and Mcßride
in 92. Others finished the first round a.-t
follows: D. M. I'ummings. Washington
Park Club, 105; J. Insley Blair Jr., Morris
Country Club, 98; T. Stirling Heckwith,
Cleveland Golf Club, 93; YV. P. Smith,
Huntington Valley Club. 9fi; H. E. Rea",
Allegheny Country Club, 109; Burdett-3
O'Connor, Staten Island Cricket and Golf
Club, OS; C. B. Corey, Wollaston Golf
Club, 98; H. A. Colby, Eshox Country Club,
89.
Good scores were made by both John
Reid Jr.. the intercollegiate champion, and
his Onwentsia Club opponent, Thompson.
Heid made the course in Bfi and Thompson
in 88.
Others finished as follows: O. D.
Thompson. Allegheny Golf Club. 92;
Thomas Taylor Jr., Onwentsia, 96; Oren
ville Kane. Tux. 'do Golf <"luh. ns : G. H.
Russell, Milwaukee Country <'iub, 92; W.
B. Kirk. ex-Moore, 102; li. M. Billings,
93: J. W. Watson, ex-Moor.-. %; F. C. Mil
ler. Glenview. 98; A. H. Smith. Hunting
ton, Valley Country Club. 8:>; K. G. Wil
son Jr.. Onwentsla. !»S; W. J. Fatten. Al
legheny Country Club. 102; R. Sykes.
Overland Park Club, 92; Howard Elking,
! St. Louis Country I'lub. lOfi; J. D. Hub
j bard. Onwentsla. 105; Stewart Stickney.
; St. Louis Country Club, 93; F. H. Hamllii.
i Chicago Golf Club. 93.
D. R. Forgan. ihe Onwentsia expert,
made a splendid score, making nine of
I the eighteen holes in four each, and fin
ishing with a total of S3. G. G. Hubbard
with whom he was paired, made 89. W.
A. Alexander. ex-Moore Country Club,
105. G. F. Fiske. Onwentsia, 103; J. G.
Thorpe, Oakley Country Club. 92; O. C.
Fuller. Milwaukee Country Club, 83: A. C.
McDonald, Chicago Golf Club, also made
the course in S3.
C. B. McDonald, the Chicago golf ex
pert, won the gold medal with honor on
the lowest score in the qualifying round.
His score was 168 and was rmide by al
most perfect golf, his putting being ac
curate to an unusual degree, while his
long drives were in nearly every case
placed perfectly. John Reid Jr. of the St.
Andrews, the intercollegiate champion,
won the silver medal with a score of 170.
There was a three-cornered tie for third
honors, with J. Travis of the Oakland
Club. D. R. Forgan of Onwentsia and
Findlay S. Douglas of the Fairfield Golf
Club, the present amateur champion, all
making the thirty-six holes in 173.
FOUGHT TO A DRAW.
SACRAMENTO, July 3.— Jimmy Lawlor
of San Francisco and William McGraw of
the Sacramento Athletic Club fought a
twenty-round draw here to-night. The
men weighed 133 pounds each. Lawlor in
flicted the most punishment but could not
put McGraw out. The latter is about the
best amateur light-weight on the coast.
As both men were fighting strongly at the
end of the twentieth round the fight was
declared a draw, as per agreement.
In a preliminary, Ed Radowich knocked
Norvin Montgomery down six times in
the second round and the police stopped
i the bout.
RICHES OF CAPE
NOME DISTRICT
Story of a Man Who Has
Staked Claims.
CAUSE OF THE BIG RUSH
FAILURE OF AN ATTEMPT TO
KEEP THE FIND A SECRET.
Now There Are Many Gold-Seekers in
the Snake River Country and
a Village Called Anvil
City Established.
Srocial Dlspntrh to The Call.
TACOMA, July a.— News of Cape
Nome from one who has actually been
there and staked claims is contained in
a late issue of the Klondike Nugget.
Charles Walker, lirst mate of the j
I steamer Yukoner, who is vouched for i
by his captain as a man at honor and j
trustworthiness, brought the news to ,
| Dawbon. The two recently arrived in
Daw son with the steamer Oil City as
! guests of Captain Basey, and it was on ;
ihis boat that Mr. Walker was inter- ;
viewed about his winter trip over the i
snow and ice to the new gold fields. I
[ His is the first interview obtained from
a man whc- has actually been to the
Nome diggings.
"1 first heard of the discovery from
! Mr. Kjellman, superintendent of the
i reindeer station at Eden," said Walker,
' "and was shown by him some >of the
gold taken from the Snake River coun
i try. 1 was satisfied at once that it
came from the new field, as it is unlike
I any gold found elsewhere in Alaska or
i the Northwest, and 1 have seen it all.
There arc three different shades of
\ color, one very light, one quite dark |
I and a third of medium hue. Being in- j
; terested in the strike and having plenty j
oi unie 1 decided to investigate. Ac- |
cordingly on February '22 1 left the
Russian mission and started on the 400- j
I mile tramp. I first went to St. Michael,
j which 1 found much excited, news hay- i
ing reached there long before. The dis.
< ivery, 1 learned, was made last fall by
' three men, one of whom is named Eng
! blom. They were obliged to go out for
1 provisions and while at St. Michael |
they tipped their secret off to a tium- j
ber of the big companies' people and to '
Dr. A. N. Tittlesen. These tried to keep
; the Information from getting out and ;
I began to outfit men for the diggings, j
but one of the latter let the cat out ,
Of the bag while intoxicated, and then !
everybody joined the rush.
"I hired a man to accompany me and
, started. I found everything in the
neighborhood of the discovery staked,
; but was able to stake a claim on Dry
Creek and to buy another on Alpha
j ("reek. Although the discoverers had
, been able to reach bedrock at from four
to ten feet before the winter set in, the
gold they had washed was shoveled!
from the bed of streams with men in !
the water. No one was woaking while
I was there. There is no timber to :
burn in thawing the ground.
•"AbTiut twenty cabins had been built I
at the mouth of Snake River, and the
place named Anvil City. There were
260 people in the district. I learned j
that all the gold found up to that time i
had come In from three creeks, known
as Bowlder Creek, Dry Creek and An
vil ("reek, but it is a large district, and
I am satisfied that gold will be found
on many other creeks. A great deal of
staking was done by power of attor
i ney. I know one man who staked ■
I ninety claims. Judge Shephard. United ;
States Commissioner at St. Michael, '
j paid $1000 for a half interest in a claim -
| In discovery of Dry Creek. It was de
cided that placer claims shall be lo- j
ated 1320 by 660 feet. Claims may be
located by power of attorney, but
power of attorney must be recorded j
prior to the location of notices. All :
claims must be recorded within forty
days after the notice is posted.
Undoubtedly that country is one of the
most promising in the Yukon district.
It was determined that water used for
I mining or otherwise taken from a natu
-1 ral watercourse must be turnefl back
I into the watercourse at the lower end
of each claim. Dr. A. N. Tittlesen was
elected District Recorder for a term of
! two years, his fees to be $2 SO for re
! cording any kind of document."
LADY GOLFERS
OUT IN FORCE
AT SAN RAFAEL
Miss Morrow Makes
Best Gross Score.
Yesterday was Children's and Ladles'
day on the links of the San Francisco
Golf Club. In the morning the children's
competition at nine holes, medal play, was
held. The seven cards which were handed
in showed the following scores:
SAN RAFAEL~GOLF CLUB— CHILDREN'S
COMPETITION.
PLAYERS-
a
"1
c
X
X
r
p
a
a
a
P
•a
55
re
?ment Arnold
irry Hastings.
rton Parker
nis Donohoe
ss M. Toy .......:
ss R. Parker j....^^^.
78
107
11"
87
117
144
0
25
35
25
50
| 50
106
62
Clement Arnold wins the prize for best
gross score and Denis Donohoe wins the
prize for best net score.
During the afternoon the ladies' compe
tition at nine holes, medal .play, toolc
place. Of the thirteen ladies entered Misa
M. .Morgan. Mips Cora Smedberg and Mrs.
M H de Young made no returns. The
scores of the rest are shown in the tabie;
LADIES'
COMPETITION — NINE HOLES-
MEDAL PLAY.
PLATERS-
o
-1
■ O
m
w
a
3
a
I
p
•a
55
Miss McCalla j
Mrs. F. S. Johnson
Mrs. Fechteler...
Mrs. E. Morrow
Mrs. Mark Gerstle
Mrs. William Gerstle^....
Mrs. J. J. Crooks .'
Miss Cosgrave...
Mrs. Francis...
Mrs. D. Donohoe
104
104
116
S3
167
at
89
183
139
108
0
15
17
5
M
25
11
27
25
25
104
89
•99
78
137
111
77
155
114
83
Miss McCalla. who played from scratch,
and who is regarded as one of the strong
est lady players In the San Rafael Club,
was far below her usual form yesterday,
handing in as high a score as Mrs. F. S.
Johnson, who received a handicap of 15.
As shown by the scores given above. Misj
Eleanor Morrow wins the prize for the
best gross score with 83 and Mrs. J. J.
Crooks. Mho received 12, wins the prize for
best net score, with 77.
After the Fourth of July parade is over
In San Rafael the men's competition will
take place on the links, beginning at 1:30
p. m. The contest will be at 18 holes,
medal play. There will also be a mixed
FLOOD DESTROYS
THE COTTON CROP
Texan Fields Are Left
Barren.
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS LOSS
TWENTY-TWO COUNTIES UNDEE
WATER.
Work of Rescuing Stranded People
Prosecuted Tirelessly in the
Lowlands Along the
Brazos.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Texas, July 3.— ln some local
ities of the flooded district of Texas the
situation is improving. The rains during
the past twenty-four hours have not been
so general, but a terrific rainfall is re
ported to have occurred between Hearne
and Hempstead. The Brazos River is
falling ir> its upper course, but is still
slowly rising and inundating additional
territory near the gulf.
All hope of the flooded cotton surviving
has now passed owing- to the long period
that It has been under water. Prominent
cotton buyers who are familiar with the
yield and productiveness of the flooded
region estimate that the total number of
prospective bales of the staple lost by
the high waters is not less than 500,000.
If this statement is anywhere near cor
rect the monetary loss from this source
alone is fully $8,000,000.
Reports that are now beginning to come
in from the southern counties in the flood
ed region bear out the accuracy of the
report. There are about twenty-two coun
ties almost completely covered by water,
and the estimated loss of cotton in each
county la from 16,000 to 30,000 bales. If- the
waters subside in time there will be some
replanting done.
The railroad companies have everything
in readiness for quick work in making
repairs to roadbed, track and bridges
when the waters recede. Each of the
affected lines has dispatched -work trains
and hundreds of laborers to the water's
edge, and as fast as the flood goes down
the rebuilding will be carried on.
The report of the washing away of the
steel bridge of the Missouri, Kansas and
Texas Railroad at Little River was un
founded. The approaches to the bridge
were washed out, but the repairs to the
bridge were quickly made and traffic was
delayed for a short time.
The work of rescuing of waterbound
men, women and children in the Brazos
bottoms continues. In many instances the
rescued people are in a pitiful condition
when found. Some of them have been in
tree tops and other places of refuge for
three days in almost continuous rain and
without food. The bottoms are being
thoroughly searched and every effort is
being made to succor every stranded per
son, "negro or white. There are no further
reports of loss of life.
No news was received here to-day from
Calvert in regard to the large number of
negroes reported missing in the territory
covered by the junction of the Brazos and
Little Brazos rivers. Telephone advices
were received here to-day from Navasota
Stating that where the Brazos and Nava
sota rivers meet, below that town, the
water is about eight miles wide. Many
residences and costly plantation buildings
In "Jrimes County have been washed
away, and the backwater is reported to
have flooded some of the houses in the
town of Navasota.
driving and approaching competition. In
driving the prize will be awarded to the
player driving the longest ball out of five,
the carry only being counted. In the ap
proaching contest the ball will be lofted
from sixty yards' distance over a
net. and the prize will be given for the
average distance from the cup of the
three best balls out of five. The entries
for all the contests are as follows: E.
Greenway, Emerson Warfield, W. G. Cur
tis T. Cugler Smith. F. H. Green, Lieu
tenant Games Roberts, "W. Gerstle, D.
Arnold. J. A. Folger, S. Boardman, H. P.
Sonntag, H. Francis, R. W. Brown, C. P.
Pomeroy, F. S. Johnson, P. W. Tompkins,
J. J. Crooks. H. F. Dibblee, R. A. Parker,
D. Donohoe Jr., Clement Arnold, M. H.
de Youne, Dr. H. O. Howitt, Ben Holi
day, W. W. Morrow and C. P. Eells.
■♦ » "
DIXON PICKS UP
SOME EASY MONEY
Gets the Decision After Three Lively
Rounds With Sam Bolan at
Louisville.
LOUISVILLE (Ky.i, July 3.— George
Dixon, champion featherweight, picked up
a little easy money here to-night on his
way to Denver. He got the decision after
three lively rounds with Sam Bolan of
York, before the Nonpareil Athletic Asso
ciation. Bolan was practically out when
the '•ound was concluded. The bout was
to have gone twenty-five rounds, and a
good crowd gathered at Music Hall to
witness it. Dixon went right after his
man the n,rst round, but Bolan held his
own.
The second saw some warm fighting and
the beginning of the end of the New
Yorker. Dixon whooped up in lively fash
ion and soon had Bolan going. A left
swing sent Sam to the Moor, and he stayed
down nine seconds. The rest did him lit
tle good, however, for he came up groggy
in the third and George set about to tin
ish him. After a fey moments of fiddling
to get his bearings the colored boy sent
in a hot right and left on the jaw and Bo
lan collapsed. He again took his limit to
rise. and then came up with a pronounced
stagger. Dixon was waiting and a neat
swing on the jaw with his left was all
that was necessary to put an end to the
bout. Bolan went down in a heap, but the
gong sounded before the limit was count
ed. The New Yorker was out of it, bow
ever, and the referee gave the bout to
Dixon.
COURSING MUST CEASE.
Emphatic Declaration Made by May
or Eaton at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.— Mayor Fred
Eaton is determined that the fiasco that
yesterday attended the attempt to pie
vent coursing at Agricultural Park shal]
not be repeated to-morrow if F. D. Black
carries out his design to run hounds after
hares. At a special session of the Police
Commission this afternoon the Inability
of Chief Glass to comply with the Mayor's !
distinct orders was investigated.
"Positive instructions were given the
Chief to stop gambling and coursing to
day." said Mayor Eaton. "He failed; the j
Police Commission wants to know why. I !
wMH see whether the laws are to be over
ridden. I shall go to the Dark in person
with a detachment of police and make
arrests by the wholesale."
OB DO NT UNDER!
wry w jf ■ nn WCy inpn .j^S^KL..
ifi tls a Safe and Dead ifi Bgfffiflfjb^tega*
■ :jUre Remed y for the «rti^i§^i2iBr
SW^^yL^-JJJffr i PaiDless Extraction, IMS? _/" 1 Mp|j
Fillln £ aDd Treat-^hßw W^ fQ^^
inent of Teeth.
We know you have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, - ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why not discard the whole lot and adopt some- (
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who have no
license to practice. Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file in our office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may be protected
against these fakers. For the purpose of Introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICK LIST rOK SO
DAYS, commencing June 17. *
EXTRACTION, Me: CROWNS. 52.00 to 81O.OO:
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. s<>c: PLATES, $3.00 to *12..%0: _
FILLINGS. 25c; REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK, $3.00 per Tooth.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 8151 GEARY ST., Bet. Hyde an* Larkin.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
NEARLY A MILLION
DOLLARS IN GOLD
Treasure Cargo Brought
by the Tees.
DAWSON ALMOST DESERTED
WILD RUSH TO THE CAPE NOME
DIGGINGS.
Justice Irving Barely Escapes Being
Ridden on a Rail by Angry
Miners at Atlin
City.
Special Dl.«r>atch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C., July 3.— The steam
ship Tees, which returned from Skagway
early this morning with 120 Klondikers,
brought treasure to the amount of 1800,000.
The miners who arrived by the Tees came
up the river on the steamers Bonanza
King, Ora and Canadian. The men that
reached Skagway from these vessels, and
most of whom came down on the Tees,
brought out collectively the greatest
amount of wealth that has passed through
Skagway this year at any one time. Sev
eral sacks of from 100 to 400 pounds were
known to have been deposited in safe
places around the town, and, considering
the wads of bills and drafts which were
concealed, the total was estimated at not
less than $1,000,000. Probably 50 per cent
more would be nearer the amount.
Among the most conspicuous bag? of
gold on the Tees was that of V. W. Hay
ward of Vancouver. He brought out 180
pounds avoirdupois in an old grip tied with
ropes. At $16 an ounce his bag is worth
$46,000. J. F. Canyon of Baker City, Or.,
brought out 120 pounds tied up in an old
blanket. J. J. Crawford and wife of Seat
tle who have claims on El Dorado,
brought out $50,000. Archie Beaton had
$40 000, W. B. Hunt of Seattle $30,000, John
D ' McLean $50,000, Henry Wilkinson. W.
Grieve and A. Van Houten of Nanalmo
$10,000 each; W. McKay, a lawyer of Ot
tawa, $20,000. There were a number hav
ing smaller sacks, ranging from $2000 to
$6000. ,; ,
The tale of gold, however, became In
significant in the light of the stories of
what was happening on the Yukon when
the miners left. All the Klondike is in
the throes of such a mad stampede as has
never before been witnessed in the in
terior. It is little short of a complete
exodus to Cape Nome.
The stampeders raced to Nome at the
signal of the three miners who reached
Dawson from there. The trio left Cape
Nome in the spring, traveled over the Ice
from St. Michael to a point, as near as
could be learned, between Minook and
Circle City, where they boarded a steamer
and continued their journey to Dawson,
arriving about June 10. Their reports of
the new diggings set Dawson in a blaze
of excitement.
Three river steamers— the * Columbia
Navigation Company's Sovereign, the
Mary E. Graff (formerly of the famous
Moran fleet) and the Arnold— all crowded
with Cape Nome stampeders, left Daw
son between June 12 and 14. They are now
well on their way to the new camp, hav
ing, no doubt, already passed St. Michael.
The river was crowded with boats and
scows, on which "thousands were drifting
down. „ „
A report reached Skagway on June 2..
the day before the Tees sailed, to the
effect that Atlin's new Judge, Justice
Irving narrowly escaped a ride on a rail
a few' nights ago. The Judge was ad
dressing a large crowd of miners at an
open meeting on one of the streets, the
crowd being made up of all nationalities,
with Canadians largely predominating.
Judge Irving informed the miners that
he had come among them to straighten
out all entanglements and controversies
regarding the ownership of claims, which
announcement was cheered lustily. Fur
ther along in his remarks Judge Irving
announced that in cases where the own
ership of a claim was being contested
each claimant, no matter whether there
were two or twenty, would be required
to pay into the court, the sum of $23
before his case would be considered.
Then it was that Bedlam is said to
have broken loose. Some one shouted,
"Ride him on a rail!" This cry was taken
up by the crowd and some one went to
get a" rail. The cooler men prevented the
plan being' carried out.
A ten-ounce nugget was recently taken
from a claim on Pine Creek. A rich
strike is reported from Tanana section
and a stampede has "taken place from
Minook. Big coal veins have been found
near Rampart City.
NO IMMEDIATE STRIKE
AT THE STOCKYARDS
CHICAGO, July 3.— A1l talk of an im
mediate general strike at the stock
yards is apparently over, the leaders
having decided to spend the entire sum
mer in organizing their farces. By
September they say they will be able
to back up their demands with a good
show of strength. A committee of 100
will be appointed to add new members
to the proposed organization.
The packing-houses are running as of
yore and express much satisfaction at
the outcome of the trouble, putting lit
tle faith in the assertions that there
will be another demand made on them
in the fall. The 200 patrolmen who
have for the past week kept guard over
the yards were to-day withdrawn. Most
of the strikers have asked to be re
turned to their former positions.
SANTA MONICA ROAD RACE.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.— The Santa
Monica road race to-morrow will he a
memorable event, as HO entries have been
booked. This exceeds the number for all
similar meets ever held in Southern Cali
fornia. The race is under the auspices
of the Associated Cycling Clubs, an or
ganization representing the Wanderers,
the Oberons and the East Skiers. Roma
Dow will be the official handlcapper. As
he was chosen unanimously, all objections
on allowances have been eliminated. The
course will be the full eighteen miles over
the Ballona route, the finish being in
Ocean View avenue, in this city. The
road has been put into excellent condi
tion It is expected some local records
will 'be smashed. The contestants will \n\
asigned their numbers at 7:20 to-morrow
morning. The race will begin an hour
later.
Miss Egan for Librarian.
SAN JOSE. July 3.— The Board of Li
brary Trustees to-night elected Miss Nel
lie Egan librarian and Misses Nellie Mc-
Ginley. Mary Barnaby and Mary Barnadd
assistants.
34
DREYFUS MEETS
HIS DEFENDERS
PATHETIC
SCENE AT
THE PRISON
Maitre Demange and the
Captain Rush Into Each
Other's Arms.
M. LABOmPRESENTED
Both Attorneys Warmly Thanked
tor Their Manner of Champion
ing the Exile's Cause.
Special Disr>atch to The Call.
RENNES. France, July 3.— Maitres
Labori and Demange, counsel
for Dreyfus, who had a long
conference with Mme. Dreyfus
yesterday, visited Dreyfus in the
military prison, at 10 o'clock this morn-
Ing. The permit for the lawyers to en
ter the prison bore the inscription::
Tenth Army Corps, Tribunal of the
Court-martial. Permit to communicate—
Available Until the Day of Judgment is
Delivered.
Monsieur — ■—, Counsel for the Court of
Appeal, is authorized to communicate
with Captain Dreyfus, whom he iJ
charged to defend.
MAJOR CARRIE RE.
This was the first time that Demange,
the defender of Dreyfus at the court
martial of 1894, and Dreyfus had seen
each other since the sentence.
On entering the rooms MM. Demange
and Dreyfus threw themselves into
each other's arms. The scene was most
touching. Neither was able to utter a
word, but they warmly embraced.
Dreyfus, when able to speak, thanked
11. Demange for his dev< ted services.
M. Demange then presenf<^ M. La
bori, who had been a srlent spectator
in the background of the foregoing
scene. Dreyfus clasped M. Labori's
hand, and in a voice choked by emotion
expressed the deepest gratitude for the
splendid manner In which M. Labori
had championed his cause. '
MM. Demange and Labori then gave
the prisoner a general review of all
which has happened since Dreyfus was
sent to Devils Island. Dreyfus explain
ed that he knew nothing but what was
contained in the volume which M. La
bor! had sent him, giving an account of
the proceedings of the Court of Cassa
tion in 1898.
MM. Demange and Labori then left.
They were both greatly impressed with
the appearance of Dreyfus. They de
clared Dreyfus was both physically
and mentally In much better health
than they anticipated.
Madame Dreyfus visited her husband
this afternoon. She has received per
mission to call upon him each day.
This evening Maitres Demange and
Labori had another conference with the
prisoner, M. Labori saying after it was
over that the time had been devoted
to continuing the review of events
since 1898. His counsel was surprised
at Captain Dreyfus' strength of mem
ory even in trifling matters and at the
lucidity of mind he displayed. After
the interview they dined with Mine.
Dreyfus.
Late this evening it was ascertained
that unless the authorities should de
clare a preliminary inquiry or the ex
amination of Captain Dreyfus, Major
Carrier? the Government commissioner
charged with the preparation of the
case against the prisoner, will merely
draw up a report, which will be pre
sented to the court-martial. Maitre
Demange returned to Paris this even
ing and Maitre Labori will return . on
Wednesday. ...
Davenport Races Postponed.
DAVENPORT, lowa, July 3.— The har
ness rates have heen postponed to Wed
nesday on account of rain. The Fourth of
July special events are not affected.
UependaDic urugs j
Bays— I
July 4th — most glorious holi-
day commemorating the greatest!
event in American history.
Unfortunately, severe acci-
dents, explosions and powder
'burns come with Fourth of July
enthusiasm.
; The Owl's day of days to
jhurry rush orders. Our cleric
will be on guard all day and al
night, ready and anxious to ren-
ider any service possible to re-
lieve suffering. • .
Whatever you order we will
put up accurately and deliver
immediately.
Bromo Seltzer
A small bottle— enough for _„
two headaches. v AU "~
Churchill's Soap
An antiseptic soap for wash-
ing cuts and bums. Regu- 1 50
lar price 25c.
Baker's Liniment ;
A strong liniment for sprains
\ and bruises. Not to be used ;.,
! when skin is broken. Small Z -"5
bottle.
Chesebrough's Vaseline : ,
"Blue Seal"— 5 oz bottle. \ : •
The only genuine vaseline. -
Baker's Carbolic Salve
A quick and sure cure for 2£ -r
burns and cuts. 3
Absorbent Cotton .
- Small box — best purified cot- . lOC '
ton for burns and wounds.
f/^unr- bathe . fMII •
1 1 28 Market St. J ■ v
Tel. Souttl 356 ' San Francisco ..
10th and Broadway (Tel. Main jog) O«klan
M. DEMANGE, the advocate who defended Dreyfus when convicted
before the council of war in 1894, and who, with M.
Labori, Zola's advocate, will now undertake to clear him.
STANFORD'S LAW
COURSE EXTENDED
Ranks With the Best in
the Land.
THREE YEARS' LEGAL STUDY
MOOT COURTS TO BE MADE A
FEATURE.
•
Instructions Given and Results
Achieved Will Equal Those of
the Highest-Grade Uni
versities.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 3.—
The announcements of the law depart
ment for the coming y^ar have just been
published. Since the publication of the
university reeist.-r for LS9B-99 the sci
the d o;is been materially ex
tended. Provisi een made for a
three ;- • rse in law, as crlvf-n in Lhe
■, of the highest grade. The
faculty of tho law department Is an
nounced as follows: David Starr Jordan,
LL..D., president of the university; Nathan
tt, LL.B., professor of law; Clarke
r Whittier, L.L.8., assistant pi
sor of law; Jackson Eli Reynolds, LL..8.,
iclor In law; Charles Ross Lewers,
A.8., Instructor in law; Clyde Augustus
Duniway, Ph.D., associate professor of
;;' Jfon. Curtis H. Lindley, lecturer
on the law of mines and Irrigation.
Instructors Reynolds and Lewers, who
are both Stanford graduates, were ap
pointed this year.
The department of law. as regards the
u!ri--rgraduate student, confirms in all re
ts to the 'other departments of the
university. The requirement* for admis
sion are the same, and the sane degree is
granted for the completion of the v
graduate work. By the completion of the
two years of graduate work, however, the
student will have tho i quivalent of the
w'l'k of any of the law schools of the
country and will be granted the degree of
Bachelor of Laws (LL.B.). The course Is
ed to occupy three solid years of
law work, or the regular four years'
course in the law and other departments
of the university and two years' graduate
study.
Courses will be offered in elementary
law contracts, criminal law. property, per
sons, torts, agency, tales, carriers, bills
and notes, trusts, equity, pleading, evi
dence, damages, conflict of laws, constitu
tional law, corporations and partnerships.
Theses will be required from all candi
dates for degrees. Moot courts, under the
direction of the department, will be a
feature of the course.
VALUABLE ADDITIONS
TO STANFORD MUSEUM
Art Collection and a Group of Fur
Seals Presented to the Uni
versity.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY", July 3.—
The museum at Leland Stanford Jr. Unl
verslty has just received the lirst install- j
inent of the valuable art collection of the ;
Stanford- home at Washington, D. C,
which is being transferred to the insti- I
tution. This collection was gathered
while the late Mr. Stanford was I'nited
Senator from California. The first
carload has heen unpacked and is now
b«ing arranged under the direction of
Samuel W. Charles, who is in charge of |
the museum. The greater part of the col
lection consists or paintings, of which i
there are forty-seven. The most notable I
of these la a fine copy by Steams of the
famous Queen Ivoulse. Besides this there j
are a few historical paintings, some ;
sketches of the Italian peasantry and a '
bi ri< b of Neapolitan views with which the ■
Stanford family was so familiar. There
arc two elegant painted tapestries and a
statue of a Moorish dancer.
In addition to the paintings, there is a
large collection of vases, ancient and
modern, from various European countries
and Japan, and a few pieces of rare stat
uary, some of which date back to the j
early Egyptian dynasties.
■ Another valuable acquisition of the
museum which has just arrived is a series
of fur seals and a panther, presented by
President David Starr Jordan. During
Dr. Jordan's last visit to the Pribilof j
Islands as Seal Commissioner he collected
v number of skins of the fur peals for
natural history purposes, on his return
h<- presented these to various educational
Institutions, Stanford. Berkeley, Biftwn,
Vassal ana Minnesota universities being'"
among the lucky ones. The Stanford col
lection consists of a whole family, includ
ing a noble bull seal, a bachelor seal, a
cow and two pups, all mounted in lifelike
attitudes. The sniffing and mounting
were done hy \V. i. Nolle, the San Fran
cisco taxidermist. Dr. Jordan was pre
d with the panther skin during his
receni trip to i'reka, and he gave it to
the university museum.
Disturbances at Barcelona.
BARCELONA, July' 3.— Fresh' demon
strations occurred here this evening, and
.the gendarmes charged and dispersed the
crowd. <i>
THE PAINT FRANCISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
DONNELLY WAS
SHOT BY BROOKS
The Coroner's Verdict
Causes Surprise.
SEQUEL TO FRESNO TRAGEDY
POLICEMAN RICE JAILED AS AN
ACCESSORY.
It Is Charged That He Asked the
Bartender to Kill the Man
Who Was Resisting
Arrest.
P;.r*ial Pi«ratrh to The <~*a!l.
FRESNO, July 3.— The Coroner's jury
selected on Saturday afternoon to Investi
gate the death of Daniel Donnelly, who
shot last Tuesday In the tenderloin
district, rendered a sensational verdict,
this afternoon. To the surprise of all, the
jury found that Donnelly had been shot 1
'. ■■• :p bartender named "Jack" Brooks, and I
ii ■ man Tony Rice and Charles
Ardell were accessories to the crime. It
4i J
For they signify a gTeat deal to you. There
are few people who do not at some time during
their lives require protection or require to be 1
rescued from MALARIA. It is not the waste
lands that 2ive forth the malarial miasma !
(poison), but. Instead, vast fertile sections,
where thousands of persons live. Nor is it
alone the swamp lands that breed malaria, for
right In our densely populated cities malaria
abounds.
No person is entirely exempt from malaria. It ■
is a dread disorder, for it affects the entire
organlßm. Important symptoms are headaches
(fig-. 1), yellow eyes (fig. 2), coated tongue and
offensive breath (fig. S>. pains or aches in
Joints (fig. 4, a), palpitation of heart (fig. 6), ;
impaired digestion (fig. 7), inactive (torpid)
liver < fIX- 8). If you note any of the above
symptoms you may know that you suffer from |
malarial poisoning. Other symptoms are lack 1
of energy, tired and worn-out feeling, sallow !
complexion.
a i HUDYAN will pre- '
7 _,.. ... n vent; HUDYAN will
MEN AND cure malaria. People
I WOMEN who take HtJDTAN
1 ADVISED may breathe In the
FREE. malarial poisoning and
Call or Write. it will  not affect
a. them. Chills and rev-
ers are prevented by j
HI'DTAX. HUDYAN corrects the stomach and |
liver troubles that are caused by malaria, and ;
HUDYAN acts gently, yet effectively, upon the :
bowels. People who live in malarial countries
should take HUDYAN, for HUDYAN will keep :
them in good health. HUDYAN will promptly
relieve all the. above symptoms.
HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— cents a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
If. your dnigg;l»t does not keep HUDYAN, 1
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.. |
corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets, San
Francisco, California.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT TOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITES-
KNITiIINBOO.
■ 103 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY.S.F,
■ fjfV Buy From Headquarters.
M Alpaca and CJIIITO
1 Alpaca and Oil ITO
Knitted. UUI I 0
Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc, \
I . We knit to order
W _ UNDERWEAR
Sr 1»BwaP? In Silk, Wool and Linen
f s-GmnK&r Mesh.
Bend for Illustrated Catalogue, Fre«. _
had been supposed that Rice fired the
fatal shot.
When the jury concluded its delibera
tions, Rice was patrolling his beat on J
street. A warrant was immediately is
sued and he was taken to jail by Deputy
Sheriff Nelson. Ba:i was refused him on
the recommendation of District Attorney
Everts and he spent the night in the
lock-up.
Donnelly was shot while resisting ar
rest He became obstreperous in the
Chinatown quarter and drew his revolver
on a number of the residents. Among
those whose lives he threatened was
"Jack" Brooks. During his row with
Brooks. Officer Rice attempted to arrest
him. The policeman commanded Don
nelly to throw up his hands, but instead
of doin;? so the disturber shot at the of
ficer. Kice then emptied his revolver at
the offender, and when his ammunition
was exhausted told Brooks to fire. Dur
ing the melee Donnelly was mortally
wounded ar.d he died on Friday after-
noon.
The Coroner's jury held thai Rice was
not Justified in calling upon Brooks for
assistance. In the jurors' minds. Brooks
was prompted to shoot by an entirely dif
ferent motive from that which prompted
Rice, and they hold that in encouraging
jo^: : £^^^C^^
~Whea -eque.ted, the Bewrt. mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rate.,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing pleaae mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West,
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un-
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley aiid
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together wl»
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horses
and Ponies. ,-.,-.T»»^a
OVER SO KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS.
Physician in attendance; superb climate,
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer ana
Fmall game plentiful: magnificent drHes,
baths in variety; lßwn tennis and croquet
Reached by the shortest stage route Into L**e
County. Round trip fare from Kan *tt--.sco
via Hop! ..d. $8: via Calistoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. $10 to $14 per week.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Horland. or
S. P. R. R. to Callstoga. X - ! Uustr * t %, I Sro"
; hlet or further information address J. LKAIu
Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal.. or see
L. D. CRAIG, 318 M.T.tjromery st.
620 Post St.. San Francisco. _
Region
. With Its- —
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAG VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLL
OR AfJ.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSOV MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCLOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further information, illusrated folders,
etc apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY" S Ticket Office, 813 Market St. (Grand
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County: only *hi hours from San
Francisco and but 9 mil's' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural batn
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery: good trout streams at door; pho-
tccracher's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
RTAOE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 60. Take Tiburon ferry, at 7:30 a. m or J:J9
p m. Terms. 12 a day er »12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly tnereaf=lns-last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
....>ETN A SPRINGS....
Jack and Jill climbed up a hill
And looked the country over,
Till /Etna did their hopes fulfil,
And there they lived in clover.
Annlv W. L. MITCHELL, Manager. Aetna
Springi. Naba County, or J. H. SIMPSON. Odd
Fell""-- •■"■■■- B i" telephone Mint im.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
dresP J. B. PKAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thie delightful watering plac« la located In
the midst cf the Coast Range. ._■•■
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and co.d
plunge baths, large swimming tank or mineral
water fine «tone dining room: telephone con-
nections, *!e<?trlo light*, livery accommodation:
«ood trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 110.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations in Hotel; also In new cottages. )u»t
completed.
MRS. M.. T. MOORE,
BELVEDERB.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mann County, Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS, CAL.-STRICTLY FlRST-
class, renovated throughout, lovely sur-
roundings, new management. JOHN r»h.\ ILL,
Proprietor. ,
SUNNYSIDE FARM.
NEAH Bohemian Grove and Russian River.
2U miles from Guernevllle. Plenty of Fish-
ing and Hunting. An Ideal Mountain Resort.
Terms, $7 per week; children under 12 years,
h SAMUEL* TOMDLINSON. Guerneville, Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS
(Glenwood, Santa Cruz County, Cal.)
This fine resort is from now on open as a
first-class summer and winter resort. For par-
ticulars apply to the manager. Round trip
only $2 50 on narrow-gauge route.
TO YOSEMITE.
TOURISTS TO YOSEMITE VALLEY AND
return for $25 cash, by Yosemlte and Ray-
mond Carriage Line Limited. Address A. 13.
VAN CAMPKN, Raymond, Cal. . . „
Brooks to kill Donnelly the officer became ■
an accessory to the crime.
The arrest of Rice promises to stir up a ,
bitter political fight. Many of his friends,
among whom are the wealthiest citizens
! of Fresno, declare that his arrest is the
result of spite work on the part of his
political enemies. Rice is a Republican
and was appointed by the new Board of
! Trustees about two months ago. At the
j time of Rice's appointment John D. Mor
gan, the Democratic City Marshal, made i
a bitter speech against the young man. !
declaring he could not work in union with
! Rice. The City Trustees refuse to dis
! charge Rice.
Succumbs to Inuries.
TUBA CITY. July 3.— W. H. Campbell.
Deputy Assessor of this count}', who was
knocked down by .a runaway horse yester
day morning and injured, died last night
from concussion of the brain. He was a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 41 years. He
leaves a widow and one daughter. Mr.
Campbell was prominent In local affairs.
j being a director of the cannery and part
OWSier !n the water works. He was Under
Sheriff for four years. The funeral will
t.ike place to-morrow under the auspice;?
i of the Masonic lodge, of which he was a
"Pass of the Ojks"—
twenty-five miles from
ocean — where the beau-
tiful Salinas valley runs
into the foothills. Moun-
tain ozone makes health-
ful atmosphere for the
sick.
Paso Robles
for Invalids.
Numerous cottages are
dotted about grounds
where invalids and con-
valescents in calm re-
pose recover their wont-
ed health.
Otto E. Never, Prop. City Office,
Paso Robles, Cal. 636 Market st.
!^P Look at Lick
P* 1 ! and you look at Califor-
JLook at Liek —
and you look at Califor-
nia's greatest wonder —
IHI 27 miles from Hotel Yen-
Hp 9 dome, San Jose.
s|Bf j~\ Over mountain road . .
lH AJ of 365 curves. Trip
3^" arrangements made
(J at Hotel Vendome. •■ |
(0*?$: OEO. P. SN'ELL, Mgr., T~
■ Bed Jose, C»l. jff'-.-
STtl Jtl E"i S 3ft ft HOT SPRINGS. — Thl»
UfßLcfllVKl beautiful summer and
G MIIMI IS I I winter resort. now
a rliini VV owned and managed by
DR. J. PEKRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well, is situated
150 miles couth of San Francisco, In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing: grand - scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend St. depot, 9 a. m.
(Pullman to. Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paraiso.) Round trip, JS. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
raiso Springs, or city office, 536 Sutter st., 8. F.
MAKE NO MISTAKE:
SARATOGA SPRINGS are located in
LAKE COUNTY. Take train to UKIAH,
thence by easy staging: through Blue
Lake Pass. The most picturesqus
health resort in California. Round trip
59.50T Rates— oo, $14 a week.
J. Martens, prop.; city office. 416 Pine st.
■i— »» ran—^ — —^—^— — ■■
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
The li ltd and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Haths refitted and Improved — competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
beititified. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
Have Third and Townsend sts., S. P., at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
KRTSON. Gllroy Hot Springs. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
THREE MILKS FROM UKIAH, MEN DO-
clno County. Natural electric, water*,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warn water direct from spring* to
bath tubs. Lcvsly grounds, fishing ami hunting.
Crystal Sprit. y.\ Accommodations and table
Srst-class. ■)• 'V. RCDEMBYER A CO.. Props.
, ,
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Sunnier.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. ' Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truekee, In the heart of the Sierras and sur- |
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken j
forest. The ideal spot for families because it I
is clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure
air and pure water. Address MRS. H. M.
(LEMON'S. Independence Lake.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY REPORT; electric car» to
beach. MRS. A. POPE, Santa Cruz. Cal.
fiDI CD in— Most beautiful spot In Lake
I'AnLODAU County. The mineral springs an
famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially In r stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
FlO per week. Fins roads, trout fishing and >
, deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVKKN. Carls-
' bad. Lake County.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
6ANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
i circulars to J. H. HAKST&R3, Glen Wood, C*i-
member in high standing The deceased
was the son-in-law of W. P. Harkey. who
was Sheriff of this county for fifteen
years. .
OTIS' LATEST LIST
OF CASUALTIES
WASHINGTON. July S.— The War De
partment has received the following addi
tional list of casualties from General Otis.
KILLED.
Fourth Cavalry— At Muntilapa. June 26.
C Seve t nteenth InftuUry. near San Fernan
do, June 13, Company E. John C. Mc-
HUner - WOUNDED.
Twelfth Infantry-Company E W H.
Dingey, elbow, slight; Company F, Mar
ron C. Wise, wrist, slight. t™,™,.,*
Fifty-first lowa-Company C. Edward
F. Brown, gToln, moderate.
Fire in a Grain Field.
COLUSA. July 3. -Fire started this
SANTA CATALINA
ISLAND.
*% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club, Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rate*. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring et..
Los Angeles, Cal.. or call on Q. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market st.. San Francisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc. • •
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
\— — M^ -Ml '~— ■—^— — »^—
Th; Flics for r\ryr\jj A D TV C the FOOT-
RESTand ORCHARDHi^rth,
HEALTH SPRINGS -25885.
. **** " XA * *«■ the C. P.R.R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat; Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Year
Around CUmate In California-
Ideal Ground* and Surroundings. On Railroad.
IS6 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, C&l.
""" BYRON HOT6PKINGS
v>lr npHE ONLY KNOWN
riifOi •■ cure for Rheumatism.
—.VWJC ; Business men go Satur-
•VjiySlit'' '— day 5:30 p. m. and are
f""-5r3K l • in their office 8:45 a. m.
f" *M&'.. Monday. Address A.
"•'•■' i'SS" 2* - RETTENS. Mgr. Byron
■Jtag.3SlF Hot Springs, Cal., or
1 CWfV — LOMBARD & CO.. City
. .' . Agency. room 30, 22H
Geary st.. S. F.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT. VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda. Sulphur, Magne-
ela. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffieboard. croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
It to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains -nd Sat. eve. FRESE &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkln st.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GrtTOS.
Just opened; new building; han.'some furni-
ture; 50 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine nnd service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFREE. Proprietor.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen.
Eonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
6-room cottages; good boating, fishing and
hunting; finest summer resort and 1 mineral
water for all diseases In America; camping
ground nnd mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell, 1021H Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
SAMUriL SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop.. Napa County. Cal. Snr*
cur» tor dyspepsia. . Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. These
springs ar* located In Napa County, 20 miles
cast of Bt. Helena. The water is bottled at
the springs and contains Its own natural ga*.
BUg* leaves Bt. Helen*.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery mountain
walks: pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
home. Every modern convenience. In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
mENDBNHALL SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above sea;
stage connects with train at Livermore at 2:13
p. m.; fare from San Francisco, $2 25; rates
$7 50 to $12 50 per week; half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Livermore, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck. Rlsklyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on tho coast.
Climate perfect. For particular* apply to ED-
BON BROS.. Proprietors. -
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND I
p. m. • stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm borne to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN. Glen Ellen, Sonoma Co., Cul.
wheat fifteen. There was no^ runnlnJS
The fire was started b> a dv& o > roa( £
over a bunch of ™ftf n e c -" and a sudden
3555"3 S's^ve^fhousands of acre,
of fin* grain.
Fail to Name a Secretary.
WOODLAND. July 3.-A deadlock^
occu-red in the organization of.Affricul
tura! District No. 40. Charles Hoppin and
Mayor Brit? have been ™**£™£
to meet again next Friday.
Declares a Dividend.
MARYSVILLE. July 3. -At a meeting
of the board of directors of the Browns
Valley Creamery Company to-day a divi
dend "of US a share was declared, pay
able upon the surrender of the certificate
of stock to W. H. Parks, secretary, at tne
Decker, Jewett & Co. bank.
Niagara Falls Line,
If you are going to New York, Boston or In-
termediate points, ask your agent to route you
via the famous WABASH. NIAGARA FALLS
SHORT LINE, the flnest scenic line east of the
R BeauUful DETROIT RIVER NIAGARA.
FAT.T.S and gorge, MOHAWK VALLEI.
FALLS I a Kor £ AT KILL MOUNTAINS.
banks of the HUDSON RIVER. BERKSHIRE;
HILLS and wonderful Hoosac Tunnel are a few
of the interesting and beautiful sights seen by
the patrons of the Wabash. The \\ abash i 9
the favorite route of the tourist to the Adiron-
darks White Mountains and New England sea-
side resorts, because it is the coolest, time th»
b»st equipment unsurpassed. rite for illus-
trated and descriptive tours. ""Lai"; and
c™ ■' R. C. CLINIC.
• Pac. Coast Pass. Agt. Wabash^ R^
MOUNT VEEDER RESORT w^'d §£,*«
and Pine Forests. Napa County foothills; love-
Iv and healthful spot. Elevation 1650 feet.
Mountain scenery, hunting, pure water, all va-
rieties "* fruit. Terms, $7 per week. Address
P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa P. O.
HOTEL BENVENUE
1 And cottages Lakeport. Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion. 1-0x40: fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming.
! boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
• ground; good table: no Chinese help. F. *
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.. KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. ■ -
THE HOYA RETREAT S^%^
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with,
all the delicacies of the season. For terms ad-
dress MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY, Gilroy.
Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms.
«7. E M. SHELFORD. Cloverdale, Cal. Fre«
carriage
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero. on stags lln*.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream, an>l
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview. Sonoma County, op
apply E. KRUSE. 20? Front St.. S. F., for par-
ticulars. .■".-.■;- •; ■
BLUE LAKES HOTEL'
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET.
homelike manner. ■ 'th one of the best
tables in the ccunty: 510 to>Jl2 per week. Round
trip, SO 50 S. F. and N. P. to Ukiah; thence by
stage. Address J. .WIL' ON, Berths, Lak*
County, Cal.
/VtONTE "V/IST/*,
- In the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Now open
Come to the country for the summer. Low-
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler of flee
for illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN
Proprietor, Monte Vista, Dutch Flat Placer
County. Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages: Sunday excur-
sions. 11. For circulars address H. vi. MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal.
x
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the -'Valley Road route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN iiOSS, Trafflo Dept
£21 Market St.. San Francisco.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda aa.l
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottage*.
Terms, }10 to 112. Buy through tickets. Sena
tor circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THFI
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms-
pure mountain air; free bo. ting on lake-
prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special
rates for families. W. J. McDON'..LD, Man-
ager.
VOQP/VIIT'P San Francisco to Chi-
I UoLITII I Lt nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsdrn & Co. coaches 60 miles
to Yoaemite Valley. Round trip J32. Sing*
fare. in either direction, $16. . J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from 8. F. f via Tlb-
uron ferry- Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates {10 to
111 p«r week. 12 per day. Address Agu« Call-
ente Springs, Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none bettor
In Lake Co. L-aa Indoors and out.
H. WAMBOLD.
A FEW SUMMER HOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 miles from Callstoga and rail-
road station: beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms: $6 per week and up. Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Callatoga. Napa Co.. Cal.
MANZANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or I
rooms, with board; good accommodations ac
Manzanlta Villa.
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting the
country, seaside or springs during the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for .a week or longer by prepaying forsama
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents pen Week
65 Cents.... ..per Month
. : POSTAGE PREPAID.LATEST NEWS IN THE WORLD OF SPORTS
ERIE LOWERS
THE COLORS OF
KID LAVIGNE
Buffalo Boy Earns
Decision.
TWENTY TERRIFIC ROUNDS
CHAMPION SHOWS REMARK
ABLE GAMENESS.
Might Have Been Knocked Out Had
His Antagonist Not Injured
a Hand Early in the
Fight.
Special Disi>atch to The Call.
BUFFALO, N. V.. July 3.-Frank Erne
of this city met George Lavigne of Sagi
naw, Midi., in the arena of the Haw
thorr.e Athletic Club at Cheektowaga, a
suburb of this city, to-night, and after
fighting twenty fierce and clever rounds
wrested the lightweight championship of
the world from the Western man. Over
7000 persons witnessed the contest, which
was brimful of exciting episodes and of
hard and scientific hitting. Lavigne went
down to defeat and surrendered the title
in a most creditable manner. He was
plucky and game to the core, and for the
lirst "half dozen rounds more than held
his own against his adversary. In the
seventh round Lavigne received a terrible
drubbing and was saved from a. knockout
.only by the timely interference of the
S °Evr.e weighed in at 133% and Lavigne at
13.'. pounds. Lavigne was the favorite,
much money being bet on him at odds of
100 to !K>. When the men stripped Lavigne
looked to be the more finely drawn. Both
were cool and confident. As the fight pro
grossed Lavigno's coolness vanished, while
Erne never lost his .-■ If-posseslon far a
moment. The Buffalo boy simply battered.
the tie out of his opponent, and, while
not escaping a good deal of punishment,
he administered a terrific drubbing to La
vigne. Toward the end of the bout La
vigne's guard was useless and nothing but
sheer gameness kept the "Saginaw Kid"
from going under. Blow after blow fell
upon his head and body with relentless
force, but he stood the gaff and fought
back pluckiiy as best he could.
Lavigne's seconds were his brother,
"Billy 1 - Lavigne; "Jimmy" Robinson oi
New Orleans, "Jack" Hanley of Phila
delphla and ■•Billy" St. Mary of Saginaw,
Mich. Erne's seconds were Frank Blmper
and "Billy" Huber of Buffalo. The men
were announced to box twenty rounds to
a decision for the lightweight champion
ship of the world. The timekeener fur
Lavigne was "Jim" Young of San Fran
cisco. '■■ ' ■
When "Honest John" Kelly entered the
ring he was greeted with tumultuous
cheers, and the sports around the ringside
shouted:
"You're all right. We know we will get
an honest run ior our money."
"Jim" Corbett stepped into the ring and
addressed the crowd, saying:
"Gentlemen, I am getting Into the best
of shape and will be ready again to con
test for the heavy-weight championship
with the winner of the Jeffries-Sharkey
fight."
Lavigne looked to be in excellent condi
tion. As soon as the men had donned tho
gloves "Jim" Kennedy, Erne's manager,
and "Billy" Lavigne, representing his
brother, entered the ring and had a con
sultation with Referee Kelly as to the
rules governing the contest. George Con
sidine was added to Lavigne's handlers
and gave the "Kid" some sound advice.
Then the boxers, with their handlers
joined in the parley with the referee as
to the rules, and they held the center of
the ring for fully fivs. minutes. As a re
sult of the confab it was announced that
the men had agreed to box under Mar
quis of Queensberry rules.
Round I— Lavlgne was first to lead, trying a
lead 'or the face, which was blocked. La
i — -Tie hooked his left to. the neck. Erne coun
tering' on the body. These blows were repeated
a moment later. Lavigne sent two straight
lefts to the forehead, Erne sending a left to
the ribs In return. After a clinch. Erne sent
left and right to the face and ducked La
vlgne's counter. Erne's nose began to bleed
and he parried a left to the head. Lavlgne
tried two left swings for the head, which Erne
dodged, and the round ended in a half-clinch.
Round — Erne sent a left to the body and a
right to the neck. Lavigne countered and then
pent a hard left to the wind. Lavigne sent his
left hard to the face, but was met with a ter
rific left in the stomach. Lavigne caught his
man squarely on the chest with a left. Erne
putting his left to the stomach and following
with a left hook on the face. An exchange of
lefts on body brought the men to a clinch.
Lavigne reached Erne's face twice and as a
parting shot sent a right at *h» head, but
failed.
Round — Erne came up fresh, with Lavigne
leading. They mixed up three times and then
Erne electrified the crowd with a terrific left
on the Kid's face. Erne sent his left to the
body hard, but the Kid came quickly with a
corking right under the Jaw and sent a left to
the face without., return. Once more the Kid
sent his left to the face. Erne countering on
the head.
Round 4 — Lavigne led with his left to the
jaw. Erne clinching. Hard right* and lefts
were exchanged on the breast and neck,, and
Lavigne, boring in, sent an awful left over
the heart. Erne fought back gamely, but got
another crnshlr^r blow almost In the same
spot in reply to which he ripped a left to the
wind. Erne straightened the Saginaw man
with a right uppercut on the face, Lavigne
countering hard on the body.
Round s—Erne5 — Erne was first to lead, landing a
left on the face, Lavigne swinging his right to
the ribs. Erne threw over his right to the body
and double exchanges on the body followed.
Erne led a right for the face, but Lavigne got
lneide his lead, sending his right to the stom
ech. At close quarters Erne hooked his right
to the head, landing back of the ear.. Lavigne
became hot-headed, making two wild swings,
which Erne got under, and the Saginaw man
pot the worst of the infighting which ended
th» round.
Round 6— Lavigne led for the chest. Erne
Fending a double left to the ribs and head, fol
lowlng up with a left smash in the wind.
I>*tvlgne sent his left to the head, a right to
the ribs and another hard left with terrific
force while Erne sent his right i -> the body
an<i left to the neck, closing in with a half
clinch. Lavigne Jumped in with his left and
right to the head arid Frank countered with
left and right on the body. At the close of the
round Lavigne was forcing the pace.
Round T— Erne sent two lefts to the body
without a return. Breaking from a clinch, La
vigne whipped his right to the ribs and bored
in with left and right on the body. Erne
hooked his left to the head and swung his right
over the kidneys, taking a hard punch over the
hpart. A beautiful right smash on the face
drew blood from I-nvigne's nose and a moment
later Erne swung a heavy left on Lavigne's
jaw. Ftagtering him. Erne then sent a Sucre*.
yion of left and right pwlncs on Lavigne's head
and face, which made the Kid groggy. In lees
than a half minute Erne landed a score of
Wows, while the Kid came back wildly, land
ing occasionally on the head, and it looked as
if the Kid would go out. His seconds called to
him: "Block, George." The bell saved I*a.-
V \ PT\ (*
Round George came Dp willingly, but Erne
was waiting for him, and it was evident that
Lavlgrne had loet much of his speed. Erne
watched his opportunity, and. instead of forcing
the fiehtintf. waited for ■ -ler.f to come to
him. Erne blocked a left lead for the head and
hooked hi? left to the wind. Lavlgne then tried
several lefts for the face, but failed to land,
while Erne punished him on the body and out
foujrht him thn ughout the round.
Round 9— Lavigne's rlsrht foot seemed to
bother him wh^n he came from his corner, and
his seconds ripped his shoe open. As soon as
they fhappd Erne led for the head, landing,
and blocked a right counter. Lavigne feinted
several times, but Erne carefully avoided these
traps. Both dogged with swings and t blocked
continually all lead* Intended for the body.
Erne led his left, landing on the neck. The Kid
countered with his left, but ran into an awful
lfft uppercut. Erne repeated this dose a second
later, and had all the best of the mill when
the bell .«ent them to their corners.
Round 10— I,a.vlf;ne's face was badly bruised
when he came up for this round and Erne
showed no irigna of punishment. Two hard
lefts from the Buffalo boy made Lavlßne rub
bis nose., which was bleed ing badly, and the
Ratrinaw man seemed unable to block Erne's
left ad*, three of which landed in quick
?ur<-e?sion on his mouth and nose. I>avißrn»
tried a left for the face, hut received a forceful'
left uppprcut in the wind, which Erne follow
ed up with a right on the rib 1 ?. Erne was
now doing th» forcing and sent left and rl«rht
to the face, Lavijrne countering on the body.
Erne bored In at close qustrtefs..and, after tak
ing a left on the neck, Bhovtd bis right glove
over Lavigne's heart at the close of the round.
Round 11— The opening of this round was
tame, both sparring at long range. Erne tried
a left swing, which went over the Kid's head,
but a second afterward sent a right smash to
the Kid's wind. Lavlgne booked hi* !'-fi twice
to the Bhort ribs and sprinted from Erne's
counter*. They came together with a crash,
ea^h landing on the stomach, and in a mix-up
hi nora were about even. Km" bored In with
hia right to the wind, but had his hend rocked
by a straight left a second before the bell.
Round 12 Erne, on the aggressive, landed a
lieht left on the head and blocked a counter.
Lavigne forced, landing right on the body and
loft on the neck Erne countered <>n the ribs
and head. Lavigne' hooked his right to the
wind. Erne Beemed a bit tired and lacked the
aggressiveness of his opponent, who, although
having the worst of it, was ever ready with
both hands. The Kid feinted with right and
hooked hla left to the neck twice, after" which
he broke ground and saved himself. Layigne
played continually for the body, but received a
left smash on th.- nose which drew blood nnd
. ng separated them with Lavigne's stock
g a slight upward tendency.
Round 13 — Lavigne came up with a rush, but
did nothing. They exchanged lefts on the
tace .-<nd Krne pent a double let blow to tho
neck and ribs, following with a right to the
neck to which the Kid replied with left and
right' lightly on th»> body. I^avlerne waited for
Erne's lend. Erne sent his left to the chest
an.! the Kid ripped his right to th» wind. Erne
worked both hands to the body, while Lavigne
sent his left twice to the face. Lavigne was
forcing the pace at the bell.
Round 14- Lavigne was the aggressor, but It
was t'.t for tat with left and right for the
first minute of this round. Erne E»nt his left
hard to the wir.d and in a half-clinch Lavigne
struck him on the body. Th° referee cautioned
tho Kid and one of the Kid's seconds remon
strated, saying. "Why don't you tell them to
break. KellyT 1 The referee told the man to
shut up and there was no more Interference.
In th* meantime Erne was using both hands
with (rood effect oti the Kid's face, but La
vlgne was game.
Round 15- F.me was as cool as the prover
bial cucumber, while Lavigne was in evident
trouble when they came together. George
b >red In. but was driven back with strain-fit
lefts on the face, which were administered wTth
good Judgment. Erne essayed two lefts for
the body, which George blocked with his el
bow, but a third attempt by the Buffalo boy
was more successful, as he landed hard on the
abdomen. Two left leads from LavVgne were
• d and then Erne hooked three hard
lefts to the wind and George returned to his
corner much the weaker of the two.
Round 16— While Iv&vtgne was In his corner
some of his seconds ai vised htm to take a
chance and Lavigne tried a right swing as
soon ac they shaped. Erne dodged and drove
his right hard to the body, bringing it up to
the head, at the same time blocking two lefts.
A straight left smash on the nose from Erne
forced the Kid to clinch, and after the break
Erne sent both bands to the body and a left
to the face, with scarcely a semblance of a
peturn. A left to the wind and a right to the
face were Erne's next contributions, and La
vigne's returns were simply love taps. Erne
drove right and left to the body and forced
the paco in a most one-sided style to the end
j of the round.
Round 17— They rushed to a clinch twice.
Erne l*>d his right for the body and hooked
his left to the neck, Lavigne countering on the
ribs A left lead to Lavigne's neck and a right
over the heart brought Levlgne to close quajv
ters. where Krne blocked a left hook for the
b !y. Lavigne tried a right for the chest.
Lavigne bored In with his left to the wind, but
was cent back with a cra^hlne left to the
Bt-imach. Lavigne then tried leading, but Erne
was too nimble and the round closed with the
odds very much In the local man's favor.
Round IS — Willing and game. Lavigne came
I to the scratch and. after taking «>ev»ral body
' punches threw his right over. landing under
Erne's jaw. Erne came back with a right
body punch and the Kid 'broke ground. Erne
feinted and landed a right swing on the neck.
After an exchange of body blows both clinched.
Erne, had the better of this round, but Ixi
vlgne's gamenese was more than remarkable.
Round 19 — Lavigne led twice for the jaw. but
Erne blocked him and sent two hard lefts to
the wind and pent his right to the heart. La
vigne hooked his right to the ribs, but his face
suffered from a right smash. The Kid. though
weary, tried to be aggr>-ssiv.-. with the result
that his damaged face received right and left
punches, and as he bore In on the body Erne
drove him back with a left over the heart. They
were sparring at the bell.
Round 20 — They shook hands In a gingerly
fashion and Lavigne tried a lead for the h"ad.
Erne broke ground, but came back immediately
with right and left on the face Lavigne's
countenance at this moment was anything but
prepossessing, both eyes being cir>ppd. Right
and left blows to the body brought Lavigne's
guard down, and then Erne smashed his right
to the neck and hooked his right to the face j
without a return Game to the core, Lavigne |
Withstood this punishment and went to his
opponent as If he were only beginning the bout.
Erne was relentless, however, and forced the
pace, fighting his man as if his life depended on
the result. Lavigne never weakened, but took
hts punishment like a stole, hut it was all day
with him, and. though beaten almost to a ]
standstill, he returned to his corner, having
lost the championship, but none of his many i
friends and admirers. '
GEORGE WHITNEY WINS THE
ALL=COMERS TOURNAMENT
Marvelous Tennis on
San Rafael
Courts.
THE best tennis ever played on
this coast was the verdict of the
spectators and racket wielders
who had gathered on the Hotel
Rafael courts to watch the sec
ond day's games of the Pacific
States Lawn Tennis Association. And
they were not amiss In their judgment,
for no such playing was ever seen In
the West as George Whitney and Sam
Hardy'a match of singles. The laurels
of the day went to the local man. and
his victory has set a new standard for
the game on this coast. All other
matches in which either Hardy or
Whitney figured were foregone conclu
sions and the latter is now the win
ner of the All-Comers' tournament of
1899. As euch he will meet Sumner
Hardy this afternoon for the cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast.
The tennis loving people of San Ra
fael, as well a.s the adjacent towns,
scented a battle from afar and gath
ered on the courts an hour before the
calling of the match. The western
stand was packed with women in light
summer array and men in duck cos
tumes. It was like the old days, when
tennis was the pet sport of the fash
ionable world, drawing society with a
magic wand. The principals appeared
a half hour later than the scheduled
time and the crowd settled down for
what was expected to be a two hours'
engagement.
To many the match was a surprise,
for Hardy had been picked the wln
ne- At any rate, it was thought that
Hardy would force Whitney to fight
THE. SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
BOSTON ON THE TOBOGGAN.
Bean-Eaters Given a Terrific • Drub
bing by the Senators.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Hubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....45 19 .703 Cincinnati ..31 30 .608
Boston 40 24 .625 Pittsburgh ...SI 31 .500
Chicago M 24 .611|New Y0rk. ..30 33 .478
I Philadelphia 37 24 .606 , Louisville ...23 41 .366
! Baltimore ...35 26 .574 1 Washington 19 47 .288
! St. Louis 36 29 .554 1 Cleveland ...12 49 .197
Washington; July 3.— The Senators
' pounded Killcn for nine hits In the first three
Innings. He was then succeeded by Hlckman,
who did not tare much better. Mercer was In
good form and held the visitors down to eight
■ hits. An error by Bonner in the ninth saved
I Boston from a shut-out. The visitors played a
i loose same. Attendance, 750. Score:
Clubs— IV H. E.
! Washington 15 17 2
1 Boston 2 8 4
Batteries— Mercer and Klttr,edge: Klllen.
| Hickman and Borgen. Umpires— Lynch and
Connolly.
PITTSBURG, July 3.— Harley's single, fol
' lowed by Qulnn's two-bagger, gave Cleveland
b run In the first inning. After that the visit
: ors had not a ghost of a show. Attendance.
■ 2500. Score: ..'-. ;'.
j clubs— R- H. E.
Pittsburgh 7 12 4
Cleveland 1 * 1
Batteries— Tannehill and Schrlver; Knepper
i and Sohreckongost. Umpires— Swartwood and
; Latham.
Mitchell Is Dodging.
LONDON, July 3.— Charlie Mitchell ob
| Jecta to fighting Jeffries on August 16, as
\ Brady, Jeffries' manager, suggests, be-
Toasting the Victor, Miss Alice Moffitt, in the Goli Tournament.
cause hp. has been "mi the shelf for four
years and -wants three months' training.
He. however, protesses to be willing to
make a match at ten rounds at two min
utes' notice for a substantial side wager.
every inch of ground before resultant
victory. After the struggle, when
Whitney had raptured the virtual
championship by defeating Hardy in
three straight sets— and with compara
tive c.ise — there were many who could
not realize what had taken place.
The prettiest and fastest tennis was
that of the first set. It was a nip and
tuck affair, both men playing a care
ful and watchful grimo. First one man
would have the advantage aiid then
another. The games stood four all
and the victory at this point was
either man's. Then the local knight
of the asphalt spurted and by the
closest, hair-splitting, placing and ac
curate volleying won the next two
games ami the set.
A blistering sun had made itself felt,
and both men used the ten minutes'
rest by a plentiful external application
of water and ice. Robert N. Whitney
and Billy Plunkett acted as seconds to
the lccal athlete as he lay prone upon
the grass back of the clubhouse. Plun
kett fsnned him with a towel, while
the brother smeared cakes of ice over
his face and feet. Hardy was reretv
ing a similar treatment at the hands
of his friends.
The second set brought the brothers
of the principals to the side lines.
During the entire remainder of the
JEFFRIES ON RING METHODS.
Will Show His Recently Acquired
Style at Woodward's Pavilion
Thursday Night.
The Jeffries reception, which will be
given Thursday evening at Woodward's
Pavilion, will be unique in its way. Exhi
bitions as a — *-< are wearisome affair?,
an-' for that reason do not attract the
public, but the management, alive to that
fact, has arranged three ten-round con
tests between local men. They know a vic
tory will advance them some few steps in
their profession and they will be fighting
for blood. The bout between the heavy
weights. George Coster and Billy Meyers,
who styles himself champion of the
United States navy, should on that ac
count be particularly interesting. Another
feature of the exhibition will be the prac
tical demonstration by Jeffries of the re
turn to old ring methods in the way of
position, his pose in the ring now being
almost identical with that shown in the
old prints of Tom Cribb. Mendoza, tht*
Belchers and others. This must appear
in the nature of heretical doctrine to the
modern school, based on the Jem Mace
style. Jeffries has success in a champion
ship engagement as an indorsement of his
method.
"Spider" Wants a Fight.
Tim McGrath. "Spider" Kelly's trainer,
has announced a formal challenge against
Rufe Turner. The Spider is willing to
tight Turner at 137 pounds before any club
desiring to make the match, and a reason
able amount of side money will be put up.
See
Williams, Steward, Gleason and McMa
hon, Tillman. Everett, etc., great cake
walkers, at International Cakewalk Car
nival, Mechanics' Pavilion, July 15 to 2-.*
gam* they attended to .their thirsts
and perspiring heads, showing deep
fraternal affection by coaching when
ever the chance offered.
In the second set Hardy won the
first three points, but there he stopped
for a while. Whitney caught up, but
lost the game, which was Hardy s sole
scoring in the set. Smashing, volley
ing, placing and driving with a nerfect
accuracy. Whitney proved too much
for Sam Hardy, who soon became dis
heartened by his opponent's show of
racket cleverness. The score, 6-1, read
Hardy's utter defeat. When the two
faced each other for the third set
Hardy was totally vanquished. Still
rifts of the old-time spirit and- cour
age showed from time to time, and
Whitney had to battle for his victory.
Hardy' won but three games in the
third set. A double fault by him gave
the last point, game, set and match to
the man who won the championship
from him two years ago.
But one other match during the day
Is worthy of comment. It was the
semi-finals between Selby and Grant
Smith. The former, wearied and foot
sore, dragged himself through five
sets, after his opponent had scored two
against him.
The championship match this after
noon between George Whitney and
Sumner Hardy promises to be even
better tennis than that of yesterday.
Sumner and "Brother" Sam have been
playing an even game of late, and the
present champion will fight hard to re
tain his position on the tennis pedes
tal. In the morning there will be a
consolation doudes for all the losers.
The results of yesterday's play are:
Grant Smith beat Dr. Phillips, 3-6, 6-2,
6-2 6-4 Selby beat Roth, 6-4, 6-8, 6-3.
8-6. Whitney defeated Weihe, 7-5, 6-3,
6-3. Hardy won from Dibblee by de
fault. Selbv beat Smith. 2-6. 4-6, 6-3,
6-4. 6-1. Selby defaulted to Whitney,
who thereby won the tournament.
PONIATOWSKI'S
TROPHY WON BY
MISS MOFFITT
The Oakland Maid
Plays Fine Golf.
BURLINGAME IN GALA ATTIRE
MHS. GILMAN BROWN OF SAN
RAFAEL FINISHES SECOND.
Miss Edith Mcßean Wins a Special
Match for a Valuable Silver
Cup Presented by J. B.
Crockett.
Miff Alice Moffltt of the Oakland Golf
Club has the honor of placing to her
credit the first win of the magnificent
challenge trophy presented to the Bur
lingame Country Club by Prince Andre
Foniatowski. All the clubs of the metro
politan district sent their best players to
thp competition at Burlingame yesterday,
making a most representative gathering.
None of the ten young women competing
played up to their usual standard, the
Dumber of spectators and the reeponsi
j bilities of the occasion weighing too heav
ily upon them.
As the Burlingame Club players have
not the opportunities of playing regularly
in open competition, thus raising the
standard of their game, a special trophy
I was offered for the member making the
i highest score in the challenge trophy
i match. The prize, a valuable silver cup,
presented by J. B. Crockett, was won by
Miss lvlith Mcßean. Miss Genevieve
1 Qarolan and Miss Rowe played in the
match for the second prize, a silver-bound
leather scorebook. They played off the
tie at one hole. MiBS Rowe winning by a
score of 7 to 8.
Miss Oilman Brown and Miss Mcßean
led off in the challenge match, and were
followed at short intervals by the others
until the five teams entered were on their
way around the links. By some strange
I intuition the majority of the spectators
• waiter] for Miss Mortitt and Miss Rowe as
i though assured they would witness high
clafla playing. In this they were not dis
appointed. Mips Moffltt's play through
out was superb, although, according to
h>-r admirers, not up to her best form. She
is an ideal player, her every movement
being graceful. She is simple and unaf
fected in her manner, her self poise being
remarkable for a maid in her "teens."
She kept up a running fire of comment
I and small talk with the cavaliers In her
| train throughout the two rounds of the
links and at no time seemed disconcerted.
She was strong and accurate in driving
and was good on the approach. On the
first round her score was six strokes less
than the number made by her nearest
competitor. On the second round she
played too fast and fell off in her scor
ing^ She had trouble at the bunkers each
time. These hazards were deep water-
I courses, out of which it was impossible
for her to play the ball, causing her to
!be paralyzed. It took twelve strokes to
! make the sixth hole on the second round,
i where only six had been needed the first
Miss MoffHt had the services of Ralph
i Pierce, a youthful professional caddie
! from the Oakland Club at Adams Point.
I She consulted with him at times as to
I her play. Among those who followed her
! play intently throughout the match were
! Peter Martin. Baron yon Schroeder and
i Baron Alexis yon Schroeder. Mr. and
' Mrs. W. S. Hobart went over the first
I round. D. Drysdale scored for Miss Mof
| fltt and Miss Rowe. The other scorers,
one tor each pair of players, were: A.
B Ford, secretary Burlingame Country
Club; A. W. Blockie. F. S. Douty and M.
S. Wilson.
The course over which the links are
laid can be seen at different points from
I the road. Some spectators availed them
selves of this opportunity to see the play
from their fashionable equipages.
A large marquee tent opposite the club
Do You Need an Electric Belt?
. ," \ I \|,/ i Are you weak, nervous, debili-
\ \/L "^\ $i\ll \\*s/ tated? Have you pain In the
■ v >^^/.l^^^BflKC^tMt^^K^^ back? Have you pain anywhere?
ml^^^HK^v^' If "- stop drugging and try <Mcc-
J^^^J^^ r^^^JW/TVVM tricity. It put? life into all wpak
jjKffiSi i |^f^^'-^***^^**~*^ ■ t lM ffl6 parts and drives away pain as if
fs£r>&* ""'-'."' 7\? i2l by magic - The beat way to use
flß|KfclJ^ ._ <?-X§<*f/y[^-^Tri^TffH electricity is by means of a f?f>od
*^Ml?mlYjTr^4B^F?f^r^lij^ Electric Belt, and everybody
'TC&ri£- X knows that "Dr. Pierces" is the
V^T-\~~ best Belt made. Trices VERY
- ry^y/f^ r?^^ REASONABLE. We also have a
Trjfl*nV^^^n'^fel^ V Belt for J3 50. the same kind that
r I ' '"^^■?r»^ :^ others sell at from $10.00 to $20.00.
' y^^mm^'— If you require relief call and see
'XC&& LV~^ us or sen(^ - cents in stamps for
\ >J]\ our "Booklet No. 2." Address:
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO
62 0 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco, Cal.
house sheltered the ladles in attendance
from the ardent rays of the sun. Iced
drinks were served the guests and the
players as they passed on their rounds.
Major J. L. Rathbone, president of the
club, was indefatigable in his attentions
to those in attendance, all of whom voted
the competition one of the most success
ful affairs ever held under the patronage
of the club.
The cup was formally presented to Miss
Moffitt and was then tilled with sparkling
wine. Those present then drank to the
continued success of the winner.
The accompanying table, compiled from
the official score cards, shows the number
of strokes made by each player at each
of the eighteen holes. It will be noticed
Miss Moffitt fell off in her playing on the
second round of the links, requiring one
more stroke than Mrs. Gilman Brown,
who had pressed her closely throughout.
The table follows:
I Miss Alice Moffltt, Oakland
Miss U<iwe, HurltTiKamp
Miss Ktlith McHran, Hurllngamc
Mrs. Gllman Brown, San Hafacl
', Miss (Jencvlove Carnlan, HurllnKamc. . .
Miss Kmily Oarolan, Hurling;ame
Mrs. H. T. Scott, lSurlingame
Miss Goodwin, Presidio :
Miss Crockett. HurlinKame
Miss Houghton, Presidio
rLAVEH AND CLUB—
/
9
11
11
9
14
8
8
10
3
6
6
6
6
7
7
6
8
7
9
CO
E
B
5
7
7
7
8
8
8 .
9
7
8
a
a
7 E
6 7
8 8
10
10 6
6 8 '
9 10
7 10
7
5
9
6
6
6
8
7
8
9
5
First Round.
6
6 9
7 6
11 7
10
11
7
12 9
12
5 2
5
03
It
■7
7
7
8
6
7
8
6
8
5
5
6
6
6 6
7 6
8 7
S 6
-
9
9
9
9
9
1
7
14
If.
11
5
r.6
(8 70
62
78
73
74
7'
S2
?
I
8 6
11 8
10 7
10 9
U 11
11 9
9 5
11 8
14 7
6
8
7
9
6
6
II
i
6
7
6
5
8
7
7
8
8
8
B
5
6
8
8
6
6
9
6
7
10
7
3
S
Second Round.
12
6
7
8
6
8
9
9
10
8
H
6
6
6
6
7
7
6
8
09
6
8
7
7
7
7
6
6
6
6
•5" w
10
8
8
7
8
11
10
5
71
70
70
78
71
76
80
141 122
127 141
HI 13S
141 127
Ml HI
146 144
14fi 142
162
E a
The Independence day festivities will be
continued at the club to-day. This morn
ing Prince Poniatowski and the trap
shooters will meet in a special match at
live birds. In the afternoon the horse
men will be afforded an opportunity to
show their skill either in pony races or
a polo match. There will also be lunch
eon and music on the veranda of the new
clubhouse.
SURVIVOR AND
IMP DUTFOOTED
BY TRAGEDIAN
Fast Mile and One-
Eighth.
NEW YORK, July 3.— The Pansy stakes
were the only feature sehedukd at
Shepshead. The third race, at a mile and
a furlong, was the best of the day. Every
horse had a following. Imp, the Suburban
winner, closing a lukewarm favorite at
7 to 2. They broke to a good start and
Imp at once set out to make the running,
closely followed by Box. She held the
wav up to the backstretch. with Survivor
and Tragedian close up. The same order
was maintained into the stretch, when
Odom called on Tragedian, who came
away and won cleverly by two lengths in
record time. Survivor beating Imp by a
head for the place.
Sadduccee, at 1 to 5. won the fourth race
by a head, but was disqualified for foul
ing Montanic as they came into the
stretch. Results:
Six furlongs— St. Clair won, Captain Slgsbee.
second. Swiftmas third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
The Pansy, six furlongs, on turf— The Bobby
won. Mischievous second. Pettifogger third.
Time, 1:15.
One and an eighth miles— Tragedian won,
Survivor second. Imp third. Time. 1:53.
Futurity course — Sadduccee won. Montantc
second. Rattle Royal third. Time. 1:11 2-5.
Sadduccee was disqualified and the Judges
placed Montanic first. Battle Royal second and
Orantas third.
One mile, on turf, selling- -Ordeal won. Ed
Tlplon second. Lady Exile third. Time, 1:42 2-5.
Or.c mile. Felling— Handcuff won. Wolhurst
second. Greyfold third. Time. 1:40 2-5.
BUFFALO, July 3.— Starter Cassiday,
who has met with indifferent success at
the meeting at Fort Erie, to-day had the
joke on him in earnest, as he started the
fourth race, a four and a half furlongs
dash, from the five-furlong pole. There
was a rest of twenty minutes and then
the same horses ran the race over, all
bets standing. Elom winning both from
the fall of the flag. Results:
Selling, six furlongs— False Ban won, Allie
Belle second, Precita third. Time. 1:16.
Two-year-olds, selling, five furlongs — Owens
boro won. Ice Drop second, Daryly third. Time.
1 :03>4.
Selling, six furlongs— George Krats won,
Triune second, King Carnival third. Time.
I:ls'*.
Two-year-olds, four and a half furlongs —
Elom won; Lamp Globe second, John Yerkea
third. Time. :Sfi> 2 .
One mile, selling— Ein won. Guilder second.
Albert S third. Time. 1:41.
Six furlongs— Flying Bess won. Beguile sec
ond. Dick Warren third. Time, 1:15.
CHICAGO, July. 3. —Following are the results
at Harlem racetrack:
Half a mil<^— Zieertba won. Mona Murphy sec
ond, Balrd third. Time. :51i*.
Six furlongs— Red Oldd won, Mariette Lee
second, McAlbert third. Time. 1:1^.
One mile — Charlo won, Springer second. Lime
water third. Time. 1:47.
Six furlongs— Maceo won, Fred Barr second,
George H. Ketcham third. Time. 1:1« S.
Five and a ha'.f furlongs— Dick Furber won,
Pre-stome second. Maharajah third. Time,
l:lfiv 4 .
Half a mile-Auza won. Diana Fonzo second.
Georgetown II third. Time, :52.
ST. LOUIS, July 3. — A heavy downpour of
rain at noon left the track at the Fair grounds
very slow. Results:
Selling, mile and a sixteenth— Salvarse won.
Midian (barred) second. Ranßom third, lord
Neville fourth. Time, 1:53.
SelllnK, mile— Gaston won, Chfmura second.
Veloce third. Time. 1:46.
Six furlongs— Easter Card wrni, Trust Me
second. Mizzoura third. Time. 1:1S^.
Six furlongs— Hindonnet won. Tom Collins
second. Cathedral third. Time, 1:17.
Six furlongs— Kitholin won. Mystery second.
St. Augustine third. Time. 1:20.
Five and a half furlongs— Woo.Hrke won.
Schnell Laufer second. Glissando third. Time,
1:11.
OAKLAND VS SAN JOSE.
Lively Ball Game at Recreation Park
This Afternoon.
Oakland and San Jose will celebrate th«
Fourth with a regular league game at
Recreation Park, beginning at 2:30 this
afternoon. Both teams are flushed with
success just now. the Knockers bavin ;
taken two falls out of three from the
Lobster?, while the Dentists did up un
cle's bunch twice last week. The line-up
is as follows:
San Jose. Positions. Oakland.
Kent Catcher Hammond
Borrhers Pitcher Moskimon
Hanlon Fl rst base Ford
Anderson Second base Peepl «.
O'Pea Third base Lange
Leake Shortstop Schmeer
Oalrymple I>»ft field Shf»a
McGucken Center field Donovan
Graham Ripht field Hardle
At Maison Riche champagnes $4 per
quart. $2 per pint. •
■ ♦ ■
RACING AT OAKLAND.
The gentlmen drivers who compose the
Golden Gate Park Driving Association
will hold their trotting: meeting: at Oak
land track this afternoon. They have
been preparing for this for months and
have an excellent programme to present
the persons interested in trotting and pac
ing races.
The programme is an extended one. em
bracing all the classes from the ordinary
road horses to those eligible for the na
tional circuit. Especial interest attaches
to the first race for the trophy presented
by Frank G. O'Kane. This is for green
trotters, but the winner is expected to set
a low mark before the possession of the
cup is finally determined.
There will be no fee charged at the
gate. Books will be made on the races
for those who think they can pick the
winners.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR. MEYERS & CO. I
Cure All Aliments of Men I
Quickly and Permanently. |
THESE SPECIALISTS HAVE LONG {
been recognized as the leading special-
ists of the West. They treat nothing
but diseases -.and weakness of men.
They possess natural ability, years of
experience, ample means, superior equip-
ment. Their institution is the largest In
America, their methods, remedies and ap-
pliances time-tried and successful.
Syß&ffijV^- • _
PAY WHEN CURED. 1
Patients may arrange to pay after they . ra
nre well. Consultation and advice free: 2
home cures a specialty. DR. MEYERS & i|
CO have cured thousands if men whom M
they have never seen. Sufferers who can- N
not call should write for private book, Q
question list and advice, prices, terms, E
etc.. all of which is sent free. No print- B
Ing on envelopes or packages to indicate M
name of sender. All letters confidential. M
Call or address DR. MEYERS & CO., Kg
731 Market st., San Francisco, Cal. El
Take tlevator to Fourth Floor. Kg
Hours— 9 to 4; Evenings. 7 to 8. H
Sundays, 9 to 11. fj
A L Auction !
TUESDAY JULY 11,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Oar Salesroom, 638 Market Street.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East side (No. 21>39 to 2943H) Mission St., 65
feet north of Twenty-sixth St.; lot 65x115 feet: 2
stores and flats above on Mission st. and house
on Lilac aye.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. INVESTMENT.
South side (No. 1115) Golden Gate aye., 192:8
feet east of ' Webster St.: lot 27:6x137:6 feet: 3
flats of 5 and 4 rooms and cottage of 3 rooms.
FOLSOM-ST. LOTS.
East side Folsom st., 25 feet north of Thir-
teenth; lot BOxSO: 2 elegant lots almost in the
center of the city.
MISSION HOME.
West side (No. 2652) Harrison st.. 235 feet
south of Twenty-second: lot 25x122:6 feet; well-
built house, 7 rooms, bath and stable.
ELEGANT CORNER RESIDENCE.
Southeast corner (No. 3245)' of Bartlett. and
Twenty-first sts. ; elegant modern residence of
9 rooms and bath.
COZY MODERN HOME.
West side (No. 20) Diamond St., 198:2 feet
south of Seventeenth; lot 24:10x125 feet; modern
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath.
MISSION COTTAGE. '■) • ,'■'_
North «lde (355) . Richland aye.. 775 feet east
of South aye.; lot 25x190 feet; cozy cottage of 5
rooms.
24TH-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
North side Twenty-fourth St., M feet west of
Castro; 40x114 each; 2 large nice building lots In
nice residence district. i ■ .
SUNNY CORNER.
"Northeast corner Army and Dolores sts.; nice
lot ready for building; 25x76 feet.
' EASTON. ELDRIDGE &' CO.'.
Auctioneers, 633 Market st.
NOTICE.
I Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, City Hall building, second floor, July
4, 1599.
Public notice Is hereby given. in accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
San Francisco, for the year 1593, has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination In this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m.. and that said Board of Super-
visors met to examine the Assessment Book
and equalize the assessment of property therein,
on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 3. HW, at 2
o'clock, and will thereafter continue in session
from time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them Is disposed of, but not
later than the 17th day of July. VMS.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real' estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Publjc notice is also given, that In accordance
with sections 1897, 1599 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered over, to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
. JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
ni PT fi'li I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL"
Will L. lIW lIIUsc. Overcoats and
. .VaJlaea checked £r«*
. .« ..
56
TUESDAY JULY 4. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ai! Communications to W. S. L^ K^J^ a^S^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market end Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone ilain ISO.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street j
Telephone Main ISM
DELIVERED FT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single CcT'.et. 5 cents.
T>ra» ty Mail. Includinr Prctare:
DAILY CALL (tndndlisc Smday Call), one year *!!•£?,
DAILT TaLL t-.T.cl^i'.zs Eur.day Call). C mentba 3. 00
I'AILT CALL i-.r.elvi'.TS Sucday Call), t months 1 ~'>
TA!LT CALL— By Single M-r.th '■,''' ;
BCXDAT CALL Or.* Year ' £
V.KEKLT CALL One Ter.r 1.00 ;
A . pomtiXMStera are authorized la receive rabaerfpUoas.
?arr.p:e c?'.?? v.M be forwarded whes requeited.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 ftootflomiry street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clock 237 ri=yes street, own until
S^O o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LcrkJn street, open -"' 9-30 o'clock- ;
£41 .V.isslcn street, open urjttj 10 o'clock- 2^91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £513
Mission street, cpen until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty- ;
*econd and Kentucky street*. open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
CoJuicbia— "The Adver.ture of L&iT Ursula.*
California— ""A M'.dr.igi:: Bell."
Orj he--m— Vau:sevl;>".
T;\ :;— ■•^hp.rr.u? O'Brien.*"
Alf-axar— "rvsn Caesar cc Bazar."' tnd "vr.iy the Master
Bhal": Blame."
Grsr.i Or>era House — VTfce Be^STir Student."
Aihirr.tra — "I: Trovatore."
Chutes. Zoo arid Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
ted evening.
Olyasj-ia— Corner Sl*sca ar,d Ellis streets— Specialties.
I=ters:ate Pas.-rarua. Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle c' Mar.: '.a Bar.
S-Jtro Baths— Swirr.m'.r.g Races, etc
G!ea Park— Fire wcrfcs to-n:*-t-
R*cr«*at ! -r. Park ~a?ets,!l T^— jay.
AUCTION SAXES.
By Eartoa. Eldrtis* & Co.— T-Jc»iar, July IX. - • 12 o'clock.
Rgal Fftatr, a: CSS Markrt - ~ '
THE FRANCHISE GRABBERS ROUTED.
f\ T the a g I the Board of S
\ : *-■ v:c "
people in t over
seven
is i ■ xom] thing be
■::.
r sak must be
;ive of S and hoh
-■-- be
l that
- pre
!
......
ry ont the
-iber
• ■ The pos:; esterday, I ■
is a defeat of tin the peoj need
?:t.
. . . .. . f the i or
ins an easy one
- I ■
•_• ar.i the :
nee. A campaign -
• c s:::e":e dcv«
ras never a i
for the railroad
■
D .
t ends te victory
: shed. The danger is over. No
can now be $:: :;1 the new charter
the celebration of
/ can be the brighter in th-s city
because :esa achieved in upholding public
le greed of a grasping corporation.
PERSONAL PROPERTY ASSESS
MENTS.
ASSESSOR DODGE has undertaken to effect
■ og like a revolution in assessing per
n :hi 5 city. From a list pub
lished - tefday showing the
made . ts of last -ear in the per
sonal pr • iividuals. I
aggregate has been
5,056 for the last fiscal year to
- ,isjio for the pre;- .as adding in these
en cases a.one $.2,903,154 to the municipal
tax rolli.
It hzi long been known that throughout the
United States personal property has evaded to
a large extent the burdens of taxation. In the East
the evil has been even greater than on this coast. In
New York, Chicago and Boston the evasions long
since reached the extent of a public scandal, and va
rious legislative efforts have been made to remedy
them, but gen- .out avail. So strong, in fact,
has been the desire to escape such taxes that many
[thy men in Nt ive removed their domi
- to avoid them, and the advocates of impartial
tion have well nigh despaired of ever succeeding
rsonal property bear equally with realty
burdens of public revenue.
tat has been undertaken by Assessor Dndge may
therefore be assumed to be a step in the right direc
tion. T: ■ -.".mption is confirmed by
the fact that in nearly every case the persons, firms
■ eluded in the list published in The
Cail have paid taxes upon the assessments fixed for
year, and have made no complaint of injustice.
- :: is fair to judge the whole, and it
:he increased assessments represent
accurately enough the true value of personal prop
erty as compared with that of real property.
The mc- -essments wiil of course entail no
higher or heavier burden of taxation for municipal
:■.=. they will enable the required revenues to
be raised, by a lower rate of taxation on the :
The only effect will be to place more of the burden
property and less upon real property
than in f kc!y. however, to lead to
n upon the city of a larger share than
ever of the burden of State taxation, unless the State
. liters can be relied upon to require an equal
fairness in the assessments of personal property in
nther counties The i^?t:e i? one of importance, for
ngf of personal property is rapidly be
con indalous in California as in the East,
and Assessor Dodge has therefore done well in at
tempting to prevent it. It is to be hoped his cx
c will be followed in every county 'n the State.
Now that the dollar limit has given assurances of
coming to town hardly anybody appears willing to
acknowledge having invited the thing. ]
INDEPENDENCE D£3Y.
! I N yesterday's issue of one of our contemporaries, I
I after treating the usual method of celebrating the
the usual method of celebrating : c
* Fourth of July ■- Asiatic, the followirig sentiments
I are expressed:
"When the celebration of the Fourth of July is so j
j raised in dignity that it may correspond to that j
! which heralds the birthday of the Queen or the name- j
i fetes of European Kings and Emperors, it will com
■ mand the good will of the people who really make j
» America what it is. But not till then." [
The Call has energetically opposed the imperialis
tic tendencies of the times, but never until yesterday
I has it found in an American newspaper the atrocious i
■ proposition that our national patriotism, uninspired ;
Iby the pomp of royalty, is common and unclean. It !
I denounces each syllable of the quotation as a- wanton
I insult to every American citizen in the land.
In the entire history of the world there is no paral
| lei for Independence Day. All nations have their fes
( tivals. ... centering in names, some in incidents, a j
I few in sentiments. But our national anniversary is ;
I fixed by the date of the first complete declaration of,
! human rights, of the sovereignty of man. There were i
1 great battles fought in the Revolutionary War. Bun- ]
| ker Hill, though a technical defeat, has never ceased j
[to influence the destiny of mankind. No battle, how- j
| ever, was chosen as the converging point of American :
patriotism. The end of hostilities with Great j
Britain, the treaty of peace, the articles of confedera- j
| tion, the adoption of the Federal constitution, the \
\ war of ißi^, the war with Mexico, our Civil War. |
! have ail furnished opportunities for national -bra- ■
i tions which in Russia, in Germany, in France, even j
[ in Great Britain, in every country where the taint of j
; monarchy or imperialism remains, would have been j
: promptly appropriated.
But, in this vast continental republic, with its popu- ;
! lation of more than seventy-five millions and with its
i inimitable resources, our day of days continues to be j
! the selection of the revolutionary fathers. In each j
! year. now in the one hundred and twenty-third after j
i it was formulated, we concentrate our American sen- j
■ timer.t upon the Declaration of Independence, upon the j
; enunciation of the underlying principles upon which j
; cur national fabric has been erected The occasion j
whicti produced this eternal vindication of individual- j
1 ized manhood was merely the preamble to an act of
; the British ParliamenL But the document itself ab
: solutely struck the keynote for humanity. Emanating j
from thirteen feeble colonies, it was inspired by the j
1 hereditary and collateral strength of the human race.
It spoke for the Filipinos, then straggling with Spain, j
as it spoke for the colonists determined to thro oft I
the British yoke. It anticipated everything that was j
not a delusion or a curse in the French revolution. (
It reached human intelligence and the human con- j
science by the assertion of indestructible principles, !
applicable in all ages and to all races. It proclaimed :'
the inalienable right of every child of mortality, what- j
ever the color of his skin or the inferiority of his j
condition, to life, to liberty and to the pursuit of hap- j
piness. It acknowledged in every man the possession !
of sovereignty as an endowment derived from his ;
Creator. It Battened the ridiculous pretensions of j
blood and caste and raised the ordinary people ot the j
earth to the level of the only divine right that did not 1
originate in violence or in fraud.
In 1599, after all the experience of the past yeai inj
the midst of the shining glories of our naval and mili- ]
■tary* triumphs, notwithstanding all the perplexities 1
that the actual situation in Asia and in the Antilles I
reveal?, despite ail our far-reaching domestic contro
! versies that illustrate human imperfection, the Amer
ican people are still united in honoring*their certificate
of baptism, with all it expresses and implies. This ]
deep and pervading national sentiment, which no tern- !
porary conditions can extirpate or depress, will prove
to be the solvent of all our troubles. As an antidote j
to the inexplicable un- Americanism of the sentiments j
quoted in the first part of this article, it is refreshing
to observe that, in contradiction to all the departures |
from our national faith with which he has been falsely
charged, the Chief Magistrate of the republic retains
his patriotism in all its simplicity and in all its fervor.
In The Call of Sunday the greater part of a page was
devoted to the expressions of distinguished Ameri
cans in relation to this particular anniversary. The
words of President McKinley were memorable and
deserve to be handed down to posterity: "We have
arisen from slavery to freedom." * * * "Liberty,
labor and love have accomplished it all. * * * "All
men have equal rights." * * * "We are all Americans; i
we are all sovereigns, equal in the ballot, and that !
citizen is the best who does his best, who follows the
light as God gives him to see the light, who concedes
to all the races of -mankind what he claims for him
self."
These are the great thoughts of the man who,
through his political elevation, is now the first citizen ;
in the United States. They are cheering to the
American heart and chilling only to traitors and j
revolutionists. They will be consecrated to-day by
the festivities all over the continent, in every foreign
land and in every sea, that will mark the reign of \
manhood and prove that the American experiment of [
self-government was never further removed from the
possibility of a failure that would plunge the human '
race into black despair.
NO BLANKET TICKET.
REPORTS to the effect that the Republican
County Committee 15 considering the advisabil
•f preparing a blanket ticket for the entire
city at the approaching primary elections disclose the
fact that there is a possibility the committee may
commit a blunder at the outset which will seriously
compromise the campaign. It is safe to say that a
blanket ticket would be unsatisfactory to a great ma- !
jority of the party and would result in no advantage !
sufficient to counterbalance the dissatisfaction it
would give.
In arranging for the primaries every effort should
be made by the committee to get as close to the peo- ■
pie as possible. It is of course not expected that
there should be a separate ticket for each voting pre
cinct. That would entail too much expense and is not
necessary. There should be, however, a . separate
ticket for each Assembly District. Such tickets :
would not cost very much more than a blanket ticket
for the whole city, and would be in accord with the
desire of the voters.
This is a Republican year, and San Francisco is a
Republican city. Unless some blunder is made in the
management of the campaign or the nomination of
candidates the Republicans will carry the city, and the
government under the new charter will be organized
?:id inaugurated by a Republican administration.
Victory, ho-.vever. is not so well assured that the party
can afford to take ri«ks. Nothing must be done that
is likely to cause offense or to give dissatisfaction to
the voters, upon whom the candidates of the party
must rely for success.
The Call has already pointed out that the Demo
crats have been unusually active thus early in the year
in preparing for the contest. Phelanites, Raineyites,
Euckleyites and all the other factions have been busy
organizing clubs and rallying their followers for the
i struggle to control the party nominations. These
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JI'LY 4, 1599.
- wfl] he active workers in the campaign from
start to 61 c Republican managers must be
active sn their tt:rn and careful as well as active. Any
" 'position as that of a blanket ticket for
the city should be ;• :. once. The adoption of
se h a method of voting st the primaries would be
"raw politics" of the worst kind.
OUR FLAG CN THE SE£S
WELL-INFORMED correspondents at Wash
ingi a assert it is now understood in oricial
- that the administration purposes to push
5t vigor at the coming session of Coo
- the promotion of shipbuilding in this
c restoration of the American merchant
c. These reports will be received with general
gratii : for the administration could :
Dg better calculated to serve the welfare
the c people at this time dun the measure
- l
The 5 .. bill which had the support of the ad
luring the last Congress has been ap
proved b; - and the commercial interests
: indorsed by such impor
■ -entative organizations as the National
Board of Trade, the National Associate >n of Manufac
the Chambers . I rce of nearly every
in the Union and by the Trans-Mississippi
• terefore a measure whic
in accord with the opinions
: g art r.pon it, and
levisedi ing of the day when
: our expanding commerce will be carried
the seas under our own I -
V bile the an - is found active support in the
cities of the East, and appears on the face of it
to be i terests I commercial cities rather than
f the cc ■■\7y at large, it is nevertheless one in which
the West has perhaps an even more important stake
than the East. That view was taken by Alexander R.
Smith, the chief speaker on the subject before the
:>pi Congress. In the course of his
■ 7 engaged in carrying our foreign com
merce annn ; c irn more than $200,000,000, more
jo per cer.t r : which we pay to foreign ship
owners, who take the money, or its equivalent, out of
the Unite I States and employ aliens to build, to own,
co operate and to navigate the ships which our cor
ns. The one State of Minnesota alone
possesses iron ore in sufficient abundance with «
to c • s needed by commerce dv
the next rs The States of Oregon and
Washington and California possess unlimited timber,
• in the world, for ship-building purposes.
-;. trans-Mississippi Stale produces a surplus of
things 1 : are needed by people beyond the seas.
• tl : stern and southern boundaries of the trans—
are to be found spacious land
ed harbors, where shipyards can be established
• pital seeking safe
:.t can be put im - dps. Thus endowed and
. we longer remain dependent upon
- for the means of sea transportation? Shall
- - : Lther I nil I, own, operate and navigate our own
: res to ob: ■ thing
we possess "at home in greater abundance? Why pay
- - .: which we may better do i
selves?"
These questions carry their answers with them. The
• the East in the upbuilding of
merce and will therefore cordially co
operate in supporting a measure designed to accom
plish thai much desired end. In determining to push
as an administration measure the President
has once more shown his patriotic regard for the in
trial and commercial welfare of the country, and
anew the title of "Advance agent of prosperity."
AN INDORSEMENT FOR H^VEMEYER.
RARELY in the annals of American politics have
the statements of a man having any reputation
at ai! been so completely refuted, ridded an ]
ridiculed as those of Mr. Havemeyer, to the effect
that the present tariff is four-fifths extortion and the
parent of trust?. In such a situation Mr. Havemeyer
has doubtless been turning in every direction looking
for an indorsement of some kind from some quarter,
•-. i'.iir.g to accept it in whatever shape it should
come.
The loose-talking New Yorker may now comfort
himself a littl< for he has found a friend of just as
much loquacity and just as little sense. That con
genial indorser lives in this city and has sent the in
dorsement to the Nebraska City Conservative, in
which paper it has been duly published without com
ment. It rur.s •
%V-;: = . Fargo & Co., Office of President,
San Francisco. Cai., June 15. 1599.
Dear Mr. Morton: Preferring to yours of June 7.
doubtless you noticed Havemeyer's testimony be
fore the Washington commission yesterday and his
remarks upon the matter of trusts, namely, that
the protective tariff is the mother of trusts in the
United Ftates of America. I am with him every
time on that statement. I think his observations In
general were based on facts and good sense. Very
truly yours. JOHN J. VALENTINE.
A draft upon human credulity drawn by Havemeyer
and indorsed by Valentine is certainly a unique docu
ment even in the politics of a country where the
canard and the roorback are common. Fortunately
the names of the parties are so well known and the
reputation of each so well established that no one is
likely to be deceived by the document. The only ef
fect of the Valentine indorsement will be to confirm
the judgment of the public formed on the original
statement. The main interest in the matter lies in
the new evidence it gives of Valentine's craving for
notoriety. Wherever there is an opening in a news
paper, on a platform or in a pulpit, he is there to
show that he can shed language as readily as he shirks
taxes or cinches the public, and seemingly there is no
form of iniquity he is not willing to uphold either by
precept or practice.
In a recent wild debauch that lacked nothing in
spectacular effect except "knockout drops." United
States Consul J. C. McCook invited everybody to
kick him, an amusement which he thoroughly en
joyed. In exonerating him from the consequences of
his offense the national authorities appear to have
overlooked his request. A kick which would have
landed him out of office would have been well placed.
The name of Assessor Dodge will probably be
found in the profit and loss account of a good many
local merchants. Or perhaps some of them would pre
fer to consider him an unsecured liability.
• •
The local taxpayer whose personal property assess
ment was raised from Sioo to $25,000 probably doesn't
feel as cheap as he used to be.
Latest fashion advices from Europe are to the effect
that in Belgium and Italy royal crowns are no longer
worn straight.
Mataafa is complaining that he is the victim of a
broken promise. He is lucky it wasn't his head.
Good morning* Have you paid up your fire in- !
surance policy 0
DEPARTURE OF
THE AUSTRALIA
FOR HONOLULU
Was Thronged With
Passengers.
NEW STEAMER FOR COAST
WILL RUN BETWEEN EUREKA
AND SOUTHERN PORTS.
Sailing- Transport Tacoma Arrives.
Changes in Steamboat Captains.
New Schooner to Be
Launched.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mail
steamer Australia sailed for Honolulu
yesterday. Since her arrival here on June
TO she has been thoroughly overhauled
and is now as stanch as the day she was
launched. Owing to the fact that the
company's steamer Zealandla was re
tained by the Government as a transport
there was no vessel to relieve the Aus
tralia en the Honolulu run so the repairs
had to be made in a {riven lime. In con
sequence the work went on night and
day and all day Sunday, but the steamer
got away on her advertised time.
The cabin passengers on the Australia
NEW STEAMER FOR THE COASTING TRADE.
THE San Pedro, built at Grays Harbor for J. E. Hanify & Co., arrived in tow of the Coquille Eiver
last Sunday. She -will be engined here, and when completed will be put in the trade between Eu
reka and the southern ports. She is a sister ship to the Samoa and is expected to be as fast, if not faster,
than that speedy craft.
: are— Jacob Adloff and wife, Dr. D. W. An
i derson. F. H. Armstrong-, Frank Baker
and wife, H. P. Baldwin, Miss A. Barth
! rop, Joseph Behm and wife, Mrs. Olga
! Block, Dr. F. A. Bowman, Mrs. J. A. Cal
houn. Captain B. F. Chapman, J. L. Cock
| burn. J. M. Conlin, Charles M. Curtis,
Miss Fthel W. Dean, Miss J. de Lartigue,
Guy R. Dennett, Miss Charlotte Evans, j
H. P. Franklin, W. B. Godfrey, Miss M. C.
Godfrey, Leon Guislain, John Hackett.
Mrs. C. Hagens. E. E. Henderson, j
Angel Irglesias and wife, A. W. Judd,
H. P. Judd, Miss Daisy Kerr, Sam
uel F. Keith. G. E. Klein, Mrs. B.
H. Langley and maid. Mrs. F. Law
rence and daughter, Fred. Lee. K. Lord, :
R. C. Lydecker, Mrs. Gertie McCail and
child, F." M- . •:-- Miss G. Merrill, Miss
F. B. Myseil, Miss L. C. Mysell, W. E. T.
Neumann, Miss E. G. O'Connell, Miss L.
C. O'Conr.el), E. D. Page. W. F. Posrue,
Miss Pc-ston, John R. Price". W. T. Raw- j
lins, D. A. Ray, T. B. Richards, D. J.
Rogers, E. A. R. Ross. W. Roth. T. J.
Rhine, wife and two children, W. C.
Schneider, Chris Schmidt, Mrs. W. G.
Shaw, M. C. Sherman, Miss Gertrude F.
Smith, W. A. Smith. O. A. Stevens, F. C.
Taylor, J. C. Taylor, Mrs. Wray Taylor
and. child, Captain T. G. Taylor, Miss B.
Thatcher, L. F. Vanuiem, Mrs. E. K. i
Vanuxem, Miss Mary Vanuxem, Miss j
Florence Vanuxem. Mrs. D. Washeim, j
Miss Washeim, George R. "Webb. Hugo
Welckens, Miss E. G. West. A. Wilhoit.
Mrs. R. Willing. Beside these the mail
boat took away nearly one hundred sec
ond-class and steerage passengers and all
the cargo she could carry.
The barkentine Chehalis made a record i
run from Coos Bay on her last trip. She j
brought down from Coos Bay &>.>,'.> feet
of" lumber, making the run from anchor
age to anchorage in fifty hours. This is
steamboat time and shows what a "wind-
Jammer" can do when given a fair wind.
The steamer Gold has been taken off the
Petaluma run lor an overhauling, and the
steamer Grace Barton will take her place.
The Gold will be laid up about three
weeks, and during that time she will |
have new boilers put in and her machin
ery fixed up. When ready for business
again she will be as good as new.
J. R. Hanify & Co. have added a new
steamer to their coasting fleet. She is 160
feet long. 34 feet broad and 12 feet 6
inches deep, bne was built by J. Lind
strom of Grays Harbor and will be en
gined by the Fulton Iron Works. The
new vessel has been named the San Pedro,
and will be placed on the run between Eu
reka and southern ports when: completed.
The San Pedro was towed down part of \
the way from Grays Harbor to San Fran
cisco by the steamer -Coquille River. |
When loaded with 600,000 feet of lumber
the steamer took her out of Grays Harbor
and started down the coast with her.
Friday night a strong breeze came up and '
the OoQUille River and the San Pedro
parted company. The latter vessel is
schooner rigged, and it did not take her
crew long to get all sail on. She outran
the Coquiile Kiver, and the two did not
see each other again until Point Arena
was reached. There was then a head
breeze and the captain of the Sac Pedro
was glad to get the Coquille River's haw
ser aboard again. Hanify & Co. are now
running the steamers South Coast, Scotia
and Samoa, and by the end of the month
the San Pedro will be added to the list.
A number of changes among captains of
steamers have taken place. • The Mail
Company will turn the City of Para over
to the Government in a few days, and
Chief Officer Robinson of the Rio de
Janeiro will command her. Captain Zee
der of the City of Para is going to Europe
for a vacation. Captain Bruguiere of the
wrecked steamer Starbuck, who has been
I without a command since the accident,
has been offered the position of chief offi
! cer of the Rio de Janeiro.
Captain Broomhead of the Conemaugh
went out as master of the Pennsylvania,
and Captain Roberts, who came here from
the East, is now in command of the Con
emaugh. Captain Doxrud of the Penn
sylvania Is to take command of the
steamer- Rhineland on the Atlantic.
The new four-masted schooner James
Rolph is to be launched from Bendixson's
Yards at Eureka to-morrow night. James
■Rolj'h Jr. and a party of friends went up
to Humboldt Bay on the steamer Pomona
yesterday and will witness the launching.
The vessel will be christened by Miss A.
! Reid of San Francisco and will go Into
i commission at once. She will be added
\ to the growing fleet of Hind. Rolph & Co.
The transport Tacoma arrived from Ma
i nila yesterday after a long passas<s of ,
seventy days, due to light winds and
calms. There were days when the ship
did not make a knot an hour, and others
when she actually lost ground. it is o\er
a year since the Tacoma was on the arj
dock nd that also helped to retard her.
The freight transport Wyeneld sailed
for Manila last night. She carried over
4,yvt tons of supplies for the army in the
Philippines, and ISS horses lor the cavalry.
Lieutenant Slavin. U. S. A., was In charge
of the ship, and with him were eighteen
men to look after the horses.
The naval reserve boys are setting
ready for their cruise on the Badger. The
warship is expected here on the 8d snst..
-and the first and second divisions and the
corps of engineers will go out on her. Dur
ing the first four day? the men will oe
drilled in regular ship duties, such as
abandoning the ship, fire drill and in ac
tion. ' .
JHE CONTINENT
ON THE y\UTO^OBILE
I take my argonautic spree.
From Herald square I sally,
By Riverside and Tappan Zee.
And through the Mohawk Valley;
With here and there a little stop
To tinker up a puncture.
And here and there a little flop
At some unlucky juncture.
Yet In my epoch-making race.
With gusto and devotion.
I'm out to make the record pace
To the Pacific Ocean.
I discount accidents before
The wily Fates present them.
And laugh at hills with rise no mor
Than 25 per centum;
And. caracoling noiseless, fleet
Around the awful glacier:
I make back numbers obsolete,
The sample brands of last y. ir.
Yet. where the cyclones soar above.
Through furnace-heated regions,
I guide the sure precursor of
More automobile legions.
H. F. RODNEY.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FITZSIMMONS-M. T.. City. Th» wife
of Martin Julian was the first wife of Bob
Fitzsimmor.s.
A RAILROAD MAX— Nemo. City. The
address of James J. Hill, the railroad
man, is S:. Paul, Minn.
GOVERNMENT SEWING— G. S.. City.
•ttion fcr sewing on Gover.
work should be made at the quarterrnas
' ter's department.
TO ENTER A HORSE— A. O. S.. Oak
land. CaL To enter a horse for a race and
for fuch information as you desire as to
stable and so forth, -.■ommunicatc with .he
secretary of any racecourse.
THE LATE WAR— B. F. R.. City. On
April .; - ■ S: -.in formally declared that
war existed with the United States, and
on the following day Congress passed an
act declaring that war had existed since
April 2L
THE NORMAL SCHOOL— L., San Jose.
Cal. It is stated that there Is a prospect
of the Normai School being opened in
San Francisco during the next term in the
old Normal School building on Powell
street, near Clay.
NASTURTlUM— Subscriber, City. Che
pest that has attacked your nasturtiums
is ar. aphis. Such may be destroyed by
spraying the under sile of the leaves with
water in which tobacco has been soaked,
that is. if you consider the plant •
the saving.
GIRLS" HIGH SCHOOL— Miss S. F..
Newman, Cal. The Girls' High School m
San Francisco is on Scott street, between
Geary and O'Farreil. For a .
I required in in.at school ;vi':
communication to the principal with self
addressed and stamped envelope for :
MASCOT— Miss S. P.. Newman. Cal.
"Mascot" is gamblers' slang: for a luck
piece, fetish, or taiismHn. The word is oov
applied to anything that is suppow
bring good luck to the one poaaeisb , |
It is &.iso applied to a person whose
e:ic..« is; supposed to l>e the cause cf rood
foitur.t.
DIRECTORY
O? RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
fLKASB MENTION "r«B CALL."
BELTING. .
Lr FIFfiPV MBnufactarsr pr n*TtJn»«n(l
I. L'LUE^, La,.,, Leather. 105-107 Mis.
•ion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 56 J.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS.
W. J. BRADT. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repair* and SalD
Work. ■
Offic* and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main WHS.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
342 to 350 Gear* Street. Abort Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationary
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 15**.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. Vc-
C. V Smith, Ship PlumHne, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and IS
Washington St. Telephone, . Main 5641.
DRUQOISTS 'WHOLESALE.
IlkUlllUlUll 06 UUi son Tel. Main 4
TEACHERS CROWD
OVERLAND TRAINS
Moving Westward To
ward Los Angeles.
PAMOUS EDUCATORS NOW ON
THE WAY.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 3.-Los Angeles is
assuming a holiday garb in anticipation of
the big convention which will open in this
city one week from to-morrow, and the
Fourth of July decorations now being
put into place on the public streets of the
city will be allowed to remain throughout
the time of the gathering. The private
decorations of the city will not be at
tempted for several days yet.
The movement of teachers toward L"3
Angeles from the cities in the extreme
East is well under way. and the Santa
Fe overland which will arrive on Wednes
day morning will bring the first install
ment of these passengers. The train will
come in nine separate sections, one im
mediately following- the other, the whole
bringing to Los Angeles a division of
nearly one thousand pedagogues and their
friends. The Southern Pacific train from
the north to-day brought in six cars,
while the Santa Fe unloaded I*3 passen
gers at La Grande this morning. To
morrow's Santa Fe overland will bring
In lt>.i persons. Shepard received a let
«e-re r ary Irwln Shepard received a let
ter to-day" notifying him that the special
party consisting of President E. O. Lyte
of the National Educational Association
and family; A. G. Lane, chairman of the
I Board of Trustees: Dr. Nicholas Moray
Butler, secretary: William T. Harris and
| family of Washington, United States
Commissioner of Education, arid Profes
sor L. F. H . - :perintendent of
Schools at St. : .. reach Los Ar
- on Sunday. All are now in the
Grand Canyon, and are traveling over the
Santa Fe. Vice-President Greenwood.
9 Superintendent of the K?.r.~as City
schools, is due to arrive here on Satur
day.
Asbprjr Park, N. J. . and Saratoga
Springs. X. V.. have ad' r.ames
to the list of places desiring the next con
vention, making five cities now in the
field for the honor. Montreal. Cai
Charleston. S. C. and Boston an
for the distinction. The new n.
place will not be finally determined here.
An expression of opinion on the subject
will be obtained during the Los Angeles
meeting, the trustees of the National Ed
ucational a-- :-. later making the
choice in the premises.
Cai.clace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend"s.«
Special Information supplied daily to
business hodses and public men by tha
Press Ciippmg Bureau <Ailens). 51j ilont
goisery street. Telephone Main KH2. •
Denied a New Trial.
John Shaughnessy, convicted of an as
sault to murder for having shot at Will
iam H. Hughes In the corridor o* the City
Hall, was denied a new trial by Judge
Lawlor yesterday morning. The convict
will be sentenced Saturday.
On July IS and 14 the Santa Fe route vUI sen
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very
low rale of $7-". Occasion— annual meeting et
the Epworth League. Q«t full particular* at
the Santa Fe cJflce. €SS Market street.
Angostura Bitters is known as the rr*at rec
u'.ator of the digestive enrans. Get th« r«nj-
Inc. Made by Dr. J. G. B. Sieg-ert A Son*.
Police Pension Fund.
The Police Commissioners met as Pen
sion Commissioners yesterday mornSjig.
It beinsr their ivjrular quarterly mwtlns!
The only business transacted was passing 1
the usual accounts.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS.:EOYES S CO.. ggy^^Sgg-,^
HARDWARE.
DAUACE Hardware Co.. Importer* and Deal-
*T <r » in hardware 6C3 Market: leL MalnT^l]
IRON FOUNDERS.
*>«tern Foundry Morton «He<lley. Proa«.
234 Fremont St. Castings ot Hrerf D*.
scrlptloaMadataOrdar. Tel. Biac* 1533.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE 'SKKagSs^
PRINTING.
I:- C HUGHES,,:, gSBg^U.
THE HICKS- CO.. M aSTs^y
STATIONFR. AN2 PRINTER
T to^'PARTRIDGE ffj^
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
Fcrw»rdlnir A«r»nt» and public v Ve cv^ Oa-
*ral rage. Fr«^ and Grain Warehouses O*?"
eral office, no California «t. TeL MaTr ml
WiiiTu ASH : STEAM COAL.
Mined by tlw
BUCK r-UMO.NU K.OAL MINIXQ COL at It.
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES
U tb^ Be:. Coal la the Market:
OtAce and Yarda— iaw atalasu^.TAX EVADERS ROUNDED
UP BY THE ASSESSOR
Thirty=four Million Dollars Are
Added to the Roll.
If the Supervisors Keep Their Pledge the Tax Rate
May Not Exceed Ninety Cents An Enormous
Increase of Corporation Values.
IF the Supervisors honor their
pledge to tax the people of the city
$1 on every $PX>. on an assessed
raluatloo of $350,000,000 the tax
rate this year will not be greater
than P0 cents, and it may be less.
Assessor Dodge has finished his real
estate and personal property rolls
ami the total assessment is $356.051,172,
an iner ;aseof $34,267,078 over the assess
ment nf last year. This increase, on a
dollar limit basis, reduces, as a matter
of course, the rate of taxation. This
rate cannot be more than 90, cents on
this basis and for certain reasons it
be less.
Assessor Dodge has received from At- |
torney General Ford an opinion which i
Is not an opinion in reference to the le
gality of taxing quasi public and cor- ,
ration bonds. The Attorney General
says that he does not know whether or ;
not such bonds may be taxed but he
recommends all Assessors to tax them i
and have the mooted question decided j
by the courts. Assessor Dodge intends
to adopt the suggestion and in doing so
■will add $21,000,000 to the personal prop
erty roll. This will make the grand j
total $407,746,000, and will reduce the
assessment rate on a dollar limit on an
assessed valuation of $350,000,000 to 85
cents, the lowest rate ever suggested
or proposed in the history of San Fran
cisco.
If the Supervisors provide for a de
ficiency of 130,000 and appropriate $125,
--.COO for St. Mary's Park, the rate on an
assessed valuation of $356,000,000 will be
$0,973. The rate, under the same condi
tions, on an assessed valuation of $407,
--740,000 will be $0,923. The people of the
city are assured therefore in any con
tingency of a very low rate of taxation,
particularly in comparison with that of
last year, which was $1,318 on an as
sessed valuation- of $352,000,000.
Assessor Dodge has made his re- .
markable increase in the total assessed
valuation of local property without in
juring the small taxpayer. On the con
trary, he has greatly benefited the
thousands of small real estate holders
by reducing their rate of taxation over
40 cents on the $100 without raising
the assessed valuation of their prop
erty. The corporations, banks and
large individual owners of personal
property will stand the enormous in
crease in this year's levy. A comparison
of startling and Important figures will
illustrate this fact The total assess
ment for this year on real estate is
$280,465,717, against $283,088,984 for the
last fiscal year. Th" increase in real
estate values is therefore only $2,376,
--733, which, divided among thousands of
taxpayers, becomes a burden of com
paratively small Importance. The total
personal property assessment for this
year is $100,585,465, including the ?21,
--000,000 which the Assesor now intends
to add In bonds.. The total personal
property assessment of last year was
15,110, making the increase for this
year in personal property $31,890,345.
Of this enormous increase the cor
porations must bear $18,100,000, and in
dividual taxpayers and banks $18,260,
--000. The assessments of the corpora
tions have been increased from $20,390,
--000 in 1898 to $38,500,000 this year. The
assessment of the Market Street Rail
way Company has been increased over
JS, 000.000. The Spring Valley Water
Company must stand a raise of more
than $4,000,000. The San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company assessment is
advanced $1,900,000. The Pacific Gas
Improvement Company Is increased
more than $1,300,000.
The changes are startling, as will be
seen from the following comparative
table of leading taxpayers:
ISSS. 1899.
Market Street Railway «, t ',,,^*
Company 17.388.140 $15,723,101
California Street Rail- 508,456 i 293 900
•way Company 005,4j5 l,za3,sw
Geary Street Railway
Company 312,120 641.
Putter Straet Railway ,_
Company 716.810 1.350,000
Fan Francisco Gas and <-„,,,
Electric Company 4,312,310 6.1.8.612
Pacific Gas Improve
ment Company... 1,103.260 2,444,200
Pacific Title and Trust
Company 1.392.054 l.m.m
Mutual Gas Company... 155.000 228,708
{-"P"-lnK Valley Water
Company • • 4,513,040 8,671,908
Tota l s (30,290.189 $38,512,022
Most of the heavy owners of personal
property have already paid their taxes
for this year, at the rate of last year,
which was $1,318. If the rate is reduced
therefore, as it unquestionably will be,
all of these taxpayers will receive a re
bate. Just what this rebate will be is
now necessarily a matter of conjecture.
In the first place the Supervisors may
reduce the values fixed by the Assessor.
The .tax upon national bank stocks,
valued at $7,500,000, may be eliminated.
There may be a further reduction of as
sessed values of 500,000, to cover un
collected taxes, making a total loss of
$13,000,000, and a reduction of the total
assessment to $373,000,000.
Upon such an assessed valuation,
with a tax of $1 on every $100. the rate
would be 94 cents. It is difficult to de
termine, therefore, what the rebate will
be. and those property owners that
have paid their personal property tax
will have to wait for what is due them.
A fact in this connection is Interesting.
While the personal property roll has
been increased enormously, the individ
ual taxpayers will not have to pay
: ore this year than they did last year,
as th" lite of taxation has boen de
creased proportionately as much, if not
more, than the assessed valuation has
been increased. The real estate tax
payers, as already shown, will pay very
much lees, as the assessed valuation of
their property has not been Increased
materially.
There may still be further relief to
the taxpayers by assessing and taxing
.bonds. The Assessor is determined to
do this, and although he has turned his
assessment rolls over to the Supervis
ors, he will nevertheless make an addi
tion of $21,000,000 represented in the as
sessment as bonds.
Attorney General Ford'B opinion in
this niauer has thus become an issue
of grave importance. The opinion
was rendered yesterday to Hon.
All". Brown, chairman of the State
Board of Equalization. It will serve
hs a guide to every county Assessor in
the State, as well as to the equalizers
fixing the rate of taxation for the main
tenance of the State.
There Is one class of bonds, that of
railroads and other quasi puullo cor
porations, which caused some >ioubt In
the minds of Mr. Ford and Mr. Abbott.
While personally they believe that such
are subject to taxation, *!ill there are
decisions by the Supreme Court which
leave the question open to doubt. The
opinion -was given in response to the
following inquiry by Mr. Brown:
The State Beard of Equalization would
like your opinion as to what bonds are j
a«s^ssahle under the provisions of section .
1. article XIII of the constitution of this
PtHt^. Specifically, the board wishes i<>
bo advised as to the assessability of bonds
of the State of California, of the counties
and municipalities thereof, of the smaller
districts, such as school districts, therein, ■
the bonds of railroad companies, such as
the Southern Pacific, the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley and other like
corporations, the bonds of tin- Market
Street Railway in San Francisco, the
Spring Valley Water Works Company,
gas and electric light companies and ail
other private, quasi public and public cor. ',
porations, except the bonds Issued by the!
Gov« rnment of the United States under an
a' t of Congress, when such bonds are held
by private persona and corporations.
To this the State's Attorneys answer: i
In reply will state that the sovereign
power of the Siaie to tax all property
within the State cannot be quest!
The constitution of this State, in arti
cle XIII, section 1. has provided thai ail
rty in this .Slate, not exempt un
der tht laws of the United States, shall
!'«■ taxed in proportion to it? value to
:•■ as • rtained as provided by law, and
enumerates money, credits, bonds,
stocks, dues, franchises, etc., as within
the meaning of the word "property;"
this section also provides lor certain
t xemptions.
The exemptions noted are young
orchards and vineyards, growing crops,
free libraries, etc., and all sucks,
bonds, treasury notes and otht-r obli
gations of the Tnited States. As to the
-ability of the bonds of the State
of California, it has been held that the
same are personal property within the
meaning of the revenue laws of this
State. Bunds of counties and munici
palities also have been held to be per
sonal property and likewise are liable
to taxation as such.
The assessability of bonds of railroad
companies, etc., proved a stickler for
the attorneys. Under the State consti
tution all property in this State, not
exempt under the laws of the United
States, shall be taxed, "and the word
■property' as used in this article and
section (Art. XIII. Sec. 1) is hereby de
i clared to include moneys, credits,
j bonds, stocks, dues, franchises and all
j other matters and things, real, per
sonal and mixed, capable of private
; ownership." • * •
Section 3617 of the Political Code
{ seems to exempt railroad bonds, for
it says:
"Whenever the terms mentioned in
this section are employed in this act
they are employed in the sense herein
! after affixed to them: First. The term
! 'property' includes moneys, credits,
bonds (except of railroad or quasi
public corporations), stocks, dues,
franchises and all other matters and
! things, real, personal and mixed, cap
| able of private, ownership."
According to article XI, section 13,
of the State Constitution of 1863 there
does not seem to be any exemption..
In dealing with the proposition of as
sessing railroad bonds it would seem,
according to the opinion, that lawyers,
Legislature and court are at sea upon
! the question. The Political Code ex
empts these securities and this was
recognized by the Supreme Court in
| the case of Maekay vs. San Francisco,
i wherein it was claimed that the taxa
j tion of the bonds of a railroad was ille
| gal for the reason that the code ex
] pressly exempted them. Upon this the
I opinion says:
The only possible objection that might
' be urged against the taxing of the bond 3
I of railroads and other quasi public cor
i porations i.= that it would be "double tax
ation," and therefore prohibited by the
( m.-titution and law of this State. • • •
Were it not for the decisions of the Su
preme Court of this State last above re
ferred to in relation to double taxation, I
should unhesitatingly say that the bonds
i of railroads and other quasi public cor
porations are subject to taxation In the
: same manner as is other personal prop
ertj in this State. The precise question,
1 however, has never been directly decided
| by the Supreme Court of this State, and,
as you can readily see, the matter is not
wholly free from doubt. I would there
fur*- advise that all bonds of this char
acter be assessed by the respective As
sessors of the several counties, and if
1 «uch assessment be contested the matter
can then be speedily tested in the courts
j and definitely settled. Very truly yours,
TIRKY la. FORD, Attorney General.
By WILLIAM M. ABBOTT,
Deputy Attorney General.
Bonds similar to those discussed by
i the Attorney General are assessed in
! other States, and Assessor Dodge be
lieves they should be taxed in this
! State. In speaking generally yesterday
of his assessment and its meaning he
said:
"I hope the taxpayers of this city will
see that the way to secure low taxes
and a low rate Ik honestly to return
their property to the Assessor. If this
; were done a dollar rate in a few years
would be regarded as exorbitant as a
rate of $1 31 Is now. This city, unlike
any other city in the United States of
over 100,000 population, has no bonded
■ debt to provide a sinking fund for
i through yearly taxation. Think of
; Chicago, with 66 cents in each tax levy
• for sinking fund and interest on levy
i alone; Philadelphia with 71 cents, Bos-
I ton with 41 cents, Cincinnati with 51
cents, and other Eastern cities in much
the same condition.
"Why should we not have the lowest
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1599.
tax rate in our enviable position of any
city in the United States? We certainly
should. I would be willing to guaran
tee that in three years I could reduco
the tax rate of this city under the new
charter to 70 cents on the $100 and not
raise to any extent the valuation of
real estate.
"As to my assessments of the large
corporations. I am prepared to show
that while they are largely increased
they are not unjust .or burdensome, and
that in the past many of these corpora
tions have had their property outra
geously undervalued."
Since Assessor Dodge has turned over
his books to the Supervisors the board
has adopted a resolution to the effect
that having met and examined the as
sessment books of real and personal
property for the fiscal year 1899. it will
hereafter be in session until Monday,
July 17, for the purpose of hearing ap
plications for the correction of assess
ments.
wheeler" is coming here
TO MEET THE REGENTS
OPINIONS REGARDING HIS RE
CENT LETTER TO THE BOARD.
Belief That He Will Accept the Presi
dency of the University— The
Syle Episode.
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler of Cor
nell, president-elect of the University of
California, has accepted the invitation of
the Bonrd of Regents to come here and
study the situation at Berkeley. He will
leave Ithaca for the West this week. Re
gents who voted for Professor Wheeler,
and they comprise a majority of the
bnar.l are of the opinion that he will ac
cept the presidency of the institution.
They ere rot pleased, however, with the
tone of his lettter demanding certain con
ditions. His reference to the promotion of
L. Dv Pont Syle from assistant to asso
ciate professor is regarded as ill-timed
and unfortunate. The regents are will
ing to confess that the judgment of the
board in this promotion was influenced, in
some d< gret=>, by importunity, but they do
PROF. BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER.
(From His Latest Photo.)
n.n admit that the presldent-el*et has any
rferhr to call the board to account. He
should hold his peace, they think, until
his own recommendations are set aside.
Some of the regents admire the blunt
frankness of Mr. Wheeler in demanding |
in advance that his work of reorganizing ]
the faculty should not be impeded by the
board On the other hand, the declara
tion is freely made by several regents who
voted for him that they would not have
«o voted if the letter presented at the
last meeting had been before them when
the election took place.
Recent Arthur Rodgers declares that
outspoken manliness is one of the chief
attributes of the president-elect, and the
blunt frankness which surprises other "re
gents rrally gratifies the ardent supporter
of the Cornell professor.
Harper's Weekly of July 1 has the fol
lowing complimentary notice of Professor
Wheeler: __ , .
"Professor T'.enjamln Ide Wheeler of
Cornell the distinguished educator whom
bo many colleges have proposed to. has
been elected president of the University
of California, and it is taken for granted
that he will accept that office. Dr.
Vheeler went to California last winter,
looked over the university and apparently
discussed t^rms with the regents, since
with the new?, of his election there comes
word that his salary is to be $10,000 a year.
That is a more suitable remuneration than
moet of the presidents of our foremost
colleges receive, but Dr. Wheeler is pen
erally recognized as one of the most valu
able "men in his line of business. The
chemical flavor of his name alone is worth
a good deal to a college. He has an ex
perience in athletics which is also valu
able and his personal qualities as well as
his scholarly attributes seem to qualify
him in a very unusual degree to be the
head of a university. It is a good thln«
not only for him but for the whole peda
gogical "profession that such a man should
receive fairly liberal pay, for the fact that
fit pr- t;ent the financial prizes in the pro
fession of teaching are not big enough
must tend to keep out of that calling some
able men whose tastes and abilities in
cline them toward it.
"The East will be sorry to lose Dr.
Wheeler, and no doubt Cornell will mlsa
him sadly; but his settlement at the head
of a great institution will have a compos
ing effect on the minds of all trustees of
colleges who are looking about for a
leader."
Merchants' lunches in private rooms at
Maison Riche without extra charge. •
Arrests in Chinatown.
The report of Sergeant Donovan, in
charge of the Chinatown squad, shows
that during last month 233 Chinese were
arrested, of whom 142 were fined, 27 sen
tenced to imprisonment, 12 cases were ap
pealed 54 dismissed and IS are pending.
Pines amounting to $1775 wrre collected.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
A Free Trial Treatment Sent Privately by Mai! to All Who
Suffer.
A Remarkable Remedy for a Terrible Affliction — The Cure Is
Permanent,
a frpp t-ial treatment is being sent out j was noticeable Improvement in all other
i the State Medical Institute in ordei : respects. A brief continuation of the rem-
tl remonstrate the fact that the most i edy brought about a radical cure,
horrible of all diseases can be cured. I The free trial treatment has saved a
£v,Vr " us a Rood deal of controversy over 1 great many who otherwise were doomed
«m« «iihiect among those who declare the ; to early destruction, and it was this ob-
dliease Curable but the facts are ih- i Ject which Induced the institute to make
nhitnhle and must be acknowledged. The the offer. In all cases where the sores
action of this new remedy If peculiar. Th- have become characteristic of the disease
Sv.ir.inn In charge of the institute has the sufferer fully realizes the name and
Sad 1 long and varied experience treating nature of his or her affliction, but a great
V«Tf"ise of the blood, and about two many who have inherited the disease -or
I Jar? ago after a long series of expert- who have recently contracted It should
menu, he found the exact specific that ask the institute for their 44-page book
.ffsets the poison, renders it lifeless and describing fully the disease and also ex-
PlimlnateVlt from the body. Having per- ' plaining tHe action- of their new remedy
*onaPv examined many hundreds of cases Sinltde. Send your name and address to
fnraH arlzed himself with ; every de- the State Medical Institute 148 Bass
fail of the disease, his discovery came block. Fort Wayne, Ind., and they will
naturally and has never failed him. One forward, prepaid, a free trial treatment
of his recent cures was a most hopeless that will bring to the sufferer such won-
case thTd iwue having caused the hair derful relief, such an ecstatic feeling of
to fall out and the body was one mass of joy for the improvement shown as to.ful-
nutrescent sores, bolls, blotches and un- ly compensate for the suffering and de-
s'R-htlT disfigurements. In ten days the : spalr that prey failure has caused,
iLtixi outer skin was healed and there Write to-day without fail.
,--._ _ ■ • •
ST. BRENDAN'S
PARISH VISITS
SHELL MOUND
Celebration of Its An
nual Picnic.
WAS A DAY OF PLEASURE
j A LARGE CROWD ENJOYED A
DELIGHTFUL OUTING.
A Throng of Merry Children Spend a
Happy Day — Prizes Were
Distributed to Lucky
Contestants.
«
Shell Mound Park held a merry throng
1 yesterday. It was the occasion of the an
' nual holiday excursion of St. Brendan's
I Parish and parochial schools. The park
was in its grayest attire, and the crowd
| numbered about one thousand pleasure
j seekers. Fathers Nugent and Quinn were
! there, and enjoyed the day as thoroughly
; as any of their flock. Fathers Keene and
i Sullivan of St. Joseph's, and Father Ho-
I ran of St. Patrick's were also present.
The dancing pavilion received Its full
j share .of attention, the floor being com
fortably filled. The credit for the success
of this feature of the day belongs \ to
Messrs. Sullivan and Buckley and Cap
tain Jtmes Power. The jig and reel
dancing was an amusement which not
only occupied the sober thought of the
participants, but also engaged the en
thusiastic appreciation of the onlookers.
The games called forth great interest
and were hotly contested. J. J. Donahue,
F. Reilly, J. J. Looney and John Cough
lan formed the committee In charge, and
M. P. Corridan acted very ably as master
of ceremonies. The following is a list of
the lucky ones who finished in first and
second places:
Girls between 11 ar.d 14— First. Hannah Mc-
Donald; second. Sarah McKenzie.
Boys between 11 and First, H. Logue; sec
ond, M. McDonough.
Girls between 15 and 13— First, Mabel Herd;
second. Rose Kearney.
Boys between 7 and 11— First, S. O'Brien: sec
ond, Willie Greely.
Married ladles— Mrs. Collljis.
Married men— First, C. Johnson; second, Mike
Brandon.
Young men— First, C. McFadden: second, Ed
Cooper.
Fat women— First, Miss .1. Moran; second.
Mrs. Nelson.
Married men of St. Brendan's parish— First,
W. Caaey; second, Mr. Peterson.
Three-leg-ged race— First. H. Bale and D.
Cashman; second, C. Johnson and Mr. McFad
den. ' ~ j -.
Egg race. Young Ladies' Sodality— First,
Mary Fitzgerald; second, Sarah MeKenzie.
Altar boys of St. Brendan's— First. J. Cav
anagh; second. J. Cough! in.
Boys of St. Aloyslus Sodality— First, D.
Black; second. P. Joyce.
Single young ladies of St. Brendan's—
Maggie Moore; second. Mercedes Jackson.
Young men of St. Brendan's— First, Jerry
Leary; second. J. Carey.
Sunday-school teacher*— Annie Con
nors; second; Florence Mulvaney.
Senior girls of Sisters', school— First. Annie
Fitzgerald and Florence Mulvaney.
Junior girls of Sisters' school First, Debbi
Diedrichs: second, Marie McCrlllaney.
Boys who made their first communion thi!
year— First. F. Whaley; second, F. Flynn.
Girls who made their first communion thif
year— First, 1.. Benson; second, Mabel Fltzglb-
Girls' race— First, T. Landers; second, Mabe:
Young ladles' choir— First, Reta Reid; second,
Katie Corrisran.
Men over 50— First, .T. Therry; second, Jam«
Walsh. _ - .
Married ladies— First, Mrs. Potter; second,
Mrs. Jackson. •
i Consolation for men— First. Mr. Rodgers
second, Mr Rlley.
Men over — First, Mr. Gtlmore; second
Thomas Cavanagh.
! League of the Cross Cadets, officers— First
F. Glnee; second, T. Phelan.
League of the Cross Cadets— First. J. Erden
helm; second, J. Dwyer.
I-ittle Harry Mangel? and Etta Aronson,
Little Blanche Trelease, Little Cora Da
vis Little Tutie Taylor and all the bright
Juvenile cakewalkera are entered in the
International Cakewalk Carnival, Me
chanics' Pavilion. July IS to 22. •
Deserted Her Husband.
Carrie Bertola, an attractive young WO-
I man. was arrested last night by Detee
i tives Anthony and Ellis and charged with
> vagrancy on the complaint of her mother.
It is claimed that the fair prisoner re
-1 centlv married a wealthy rancher of Ma
-1 rln County, but deserted him shortly
after their wedding. Since then, it is said,
j she has been consorting with creatures
of the tenderloin.
To prevent her being released from
prison, Jurlpe Mogan has fixed her ball at
jieoo.
Play Studhorse Poker.
Mnrcello Toledo was convicted by Judg^
! Mogan yesterday on the charge of bein;?
! the keeper of a gambling place at 2'u
i Natorna street. Four Filipinos were con
-1 victed of playing studhorse poker and
i three of visiting. They claimed that the
' cam° was parasito. but the Judge held
j differently and ordered them to appear for
I sentence to-morrow.
Malpon Riche, the Sherry's of San
i Francisco, has reduced all champagnes
1 from $5 to $4 per quart; pints $2.
! Gentlemen's lunches served in private
rooms from 11 to 2 o'clock without ex
tra charge.
Stole Opera Glasses.
Nathan Strasbourg, alias Helnman, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Detec
tives Dinan and Reynolds and booked at
the City Prison or. a charge of petty lar
ceny. He roomed at 742 O'Farrell street
and Is accused of stealing a valuable pair
of opera-glasses from Victor O. Sohii
chard. a bookkeeper, who nlfio roomer! in
the house, which he pawned in Oakland.
Trouble at the Nymphin.
John H. Woods and S. B. Holmes, two
colored men, were creating a disturbance
at the Nymnhia on Pacific and Stockton
streets on Sunday night, and were ar
rested by a special officer. They ap
pe&red before Judge Trcadwell yesterday
and the cases were dismissed.
■ ♦ ■ -
Sailors' Wages Recovered.
In the libfl of E. G. Chase vs. the
steamer San Jose Judge de Haven yester
day gave judgment for Chase for $60 00,
baiance of wages due.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jß^?jf ?^ fl B s fes ™*^
FositiTely cared by these
| Kittle Pills.
i They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, ]
} Indigestion, and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
j feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- j
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
1 Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill, Small Dose.
Small Price.
AMUSEMENTS.
ff%M r i ems r^> s & ™*
SPECIAL HOLIDAY~MATINEE TODAY.
i (fiARLt^ lH°liriAN fififUAf/s
itiiPilil
4 §or*4 W¥f'AA/y
SECOND AND LAST WEEK,
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy,
I "THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY URSULA."
Next Week-HENRY MILLER
i And a SPECIAL, COMPANY in the latest New-
York Empire Theater success,
| ■•LORI) AND LADY ALGY."
CALIFORNIA_THEATER.
TREMKNDOUS SUCCESS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2!
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE.
L. R. STOCKWELL
In Hoyt's Irresistibly Funny Comedy.
A MIDNIGHT
• ••JDJuLjIj...
DEPICTING LIFE IN NEW ENGLAND.
A Selected Company. Realistic Production.
Special Car of Scenery.
100— I— I— I— CHILDREN— I— 1—1—100
THE ONLY COMEDY IN THE CITY.
PRICES 75c, 50c, 35c, 23c and 15c
ALCAZAR
ALL OF THIS "WEEK. i
MATINEE TO-DAY.
6th Week of LEWIS MORRISON.
SPECIAL DOUBLE BILQ*
DON G/ESAR DE BAZAN
AND
Only the Master Shall Blame.
15c, 25c, p°,^1 s 35c, 50c.
NEXT— "CAMILLE."
I •
SPECIAL MATINEE TUESDAY, JULY i.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c. any seat.
HAVES AND LYTTON,
The Talented Comedians, in the Roaring Fare*.
"A WISE GUY."
MORIE, the Tourist Juggler. •
GARDNER BROS.,
! Muslcial Comedians.
, i THE FOUR O'LEARYS, WILLIAM CRESSY
, i AND BLANCHE DAYNK. MALVILLE AND
i STETSON, THE FARRELLS, THE PAS-
• ] QUALIS, assisted by PIG. ABRAMOFF.
ALHAMBRA THEATER.
MARIO LAMBARDI. Manager.
Lambardi Grand Italian. Opera Company.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
" THS bARBSK O~ SEVILLE."
With Repetto, Überto, Rueso, BerKami, Tra-
vajdinl. ■'.- ;. ■■■■■
to-night:
"IL ' «CvATO~?E.'
With Barducci, Polletlnl, Marchetti, Badaracco,
: Ferrari.
, Wednesday :.... "FAUST"
' Thursday "PURITAN I"
■! Friday "MASKED BALL"
j Saturday Matinee "MANON LESCAUT"
i Saturday Night
I "THE BARBER OF SEVILLE"
. j Sunday Nl*rht "IONE"
Priceo— sl 50, SI. :>oc and 2,".c.
Reserved seats on «ale at the Alhambra Thea-
ter. 'PHONE SOUTH MB.
BASEBALL!
Oakland
— vs.—
San Jose,
TO-DAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON BTS.
GENERAL ADMISSION— IB CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO THE GRAND
STAND.
CONCEPTS AND RESOKTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
' THIS DAY (TUESDAY), JULY 4. at 2:30 p. m.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
I ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c
I Bathing, Including Admission. 25c; Children. 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
[ I3clH'»<-' Those who were ther«
t _ - »ay the Panorama Is a
. correct representation.
, 11 1 Explanatory lectures
1 by Prof. W. \Q. ROL-
" lYianlia ' MaVket »t.. nr Eishth.
' ■ ■ - ' Admission. 50c.
> »._,t Children, 25c.
Isayl
\ GLEN PARK,
: GRAND FREE DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS
TO-NIGHT. \
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Prop, and Manager.
"'The whole production highly creditable."—
Examiner. .
"Its success most pronounced."— Chronicle.
"The presentation a model one." — Call.
LIMITED ENGAGEMENT OF
DENIS O'SDLLIVAN
In th« Romantic Onera.
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
AN UNEQUALED CAST.
ENLARGED CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9. "
AND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 632.
ANOTHER' LEGITIMATE TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Mlllocker's Beautiful Opera.
The BEGGAR STUDENT
OUK NEW PRICES-EVENING:
Orchestra, Reserved. 800 and 33c; Dress
Circle, Reserved, 25c: Family Circle. Re-
served, 15c: Gallery, lOc.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
\ Seat In th» House, 250: Family Circle. Re-
! served. 15c: Gallery. lOc.
HOLIDAY MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
NEXT WEEK— Gorgeous and Surpassing Re- i
vival of "CARMEN
CELEBRATION.
or THE
FOURTH OF JULY,
IBQQ.
HEADQUARTERS GRAND MARSHAL,
Grand Hotel, San Francisco, Cal..
July 4, 1899.
GENERAL ORDERS NO. 1.
CHIEF AlDS— Division marshals and all aids i
will report to the chief of staff at these head- ;
quarters for final Instructions at S:SO a. m. |
sharp.
All organizations participating in this parade j
will report to the division marshals at 9 a. m.
i sharp/
The parade will start promptly at 10 o'clock.
The line of march will be along Market to I
Montgomery street, to Montgomery avenue, to j
Kearny, to Market, to Van Ness avenue, to ;
Sacramento, countermarch to Golden Gate >
avenue and will be dismissed.
The reviewing point will be on the west side
of Van Ness avenue at Post street.
The review will be conducted by Major Gen-
eral William R. Shatter, U. S. A.
The following has been designated as the ;
official regalia:
GRAND MARSHAL— gold sash, black
hat, white plume, white gauntlets.
CHIEF OF STAFF— FieId officer National ;
Guard of California.
CHIEF AIDS— Red, white and blue sash,
black hat. black plume, white gauntlets.
AIDS TO GRAND MARSHAL— Red sash,
! gold trimmings, black hat, cord, white gaunt- |
, lets.
DIVISION MARSHALS— BIue sash, gold
j trimmings, black hat, cord and white gaunt- !
lets
i AIDS TO DIVISION MARSHALS— sash,
silver trimmings, black hat, cord and white
gauntlets.
The points of formation will be as
follows:
FIRST DIVISION.
CasanEa's Band, Troops A, N. G and C,
grand marshal, staff and aids In rear of Police
department on north side of Market street,
facing west.
SECOND DIVISION.
United States army troops north side of Mar-
ket street, right resting on Battery, facing
south.
THIRD DIVISION.
On south side East street, right resting on
Market. . . '
FOURTH DIVISION.
Spear street, right resting on Market.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Main street, right resting on Market.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Beale street, right resting on Market.
SEVENTH DIVISION.
Fremont street, right resting on Market.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
First street, right resting on Market.
NINTH DIVISION.
Second street, right resting on Market.
TENTH DIVISION.
Davis street, right resting on Market.
ELEVENTH DIVISION.
! Front street, right resting on Market. ■
TWELFTH DIVISION.
Battery street, right resting on Market.
THIRTEENTH DIVISION.
Sansome street, right resting on Market.
FOURTEENTH i DIVISION.
New Montgomery street, right resting on
Market.
The parade will consist of the fol-
lowing:
_i ; fLi :.■ ADVANCE.
■ Twenty Mounted Police.
Uncle Sam (In appropriate custume).
Andrew Benson.
Two Companies Riflemen, San Francisco Po-
lice Department. Captain John Spillane
Commanding.
FIRST DIVISION.
First Troop Cavalry. N. G. C- Captain M. Bur-
nett Commanding ■ (special escort to
the Grand Marshal).
Band— Charles Casassa, Leader.
Grand Marsha 1 ., Stephen V. Costello.
Chief of Str.a Colonel A. A. Borllni.
Chief A Colonel R. L. Dunn. Major H. M.
Kelly, Major H. B. Hosmer, Hon. E. J. Bar-
m ng ' Chief of Aids. Albert W. Lehrke. '
Cavalcade of Aids.
Robert R. Russ, George W. Day, Dr. P.
J. H. Farrell. John A. Halpin, Al Platt, Cap-
tain Frank W. Warren, E. P. Mac Donald, Wil-
liam D. Wilcox. Joseph Rose, A. Tillnian. J.
M Shawhan. Dr. W. W. Hunsacher, I. Daniel-
i witz F. Lester. J. W. Roos, W. E. Hickox, J.
C Dinue A. Yordi. B. H.Bernard, E. J. Taale,
I J Lubin M. Perlch. T. F. Klllen, T. F. Stack,
Al Nelll. E. J. Sullivan, E. E. Mifpuet, E. L.
'■ Waidenteld, J. Hcheerer, James O'Herold, E.
Isaac? W. B. Sanborn. Henry Schatz. Dr.
Henry Siehel, M. Hagerdern, F. H. Frank, A.
! A Frledlander. H. S. Millznor. Ed. Hannan,
Dr W. O. Wilcox. J. Cunningham, Ed. Lester,
John Houston. Frank O'Shea, C. J. Murray,
Dr William Williamson, P. B. Gallagher, H.
B Davidson, Ed. S. Battles, J. A. Bassity, J.
Sullivan, D. M. Wlllcox. W. C. Edelman. Frank
D Griffin. J. Mcßride. Thomas M. O'Brien, O.
E' Diamond, 103 years of age. on foot. T. F.
Maher. Daniel F. Murphy. E. M. Galvin. N. B.
InealK F. E. Wallace, R. Flshback, W. G.
Pennycook. L. J. Bronnan, Fred Krown, Hon.
Q C Groezinger. J. Tryford, A. Noland, James
Nelson, W. B. Woodworth, Mull McClaughery,
Hon. Thomas R. Bannerman, Hon. E. A.
Groezinger, Romolo rfbarbaro, A. J. Fritz. Wil-
liam Bylngton. O. C. Oamozzi. J. P. Booth.
-.','■. SECOND DIVISION.
V. B. A. Troops.
Band— Twenty-fourth Infantry. - ■-.=. - '■
Colonel H. B. Freeman. Twenty-fourth Infan-
try, commanding.
Aids — Captain DUcat, Lieutenant Letch,
Twenty-fourth Infantry. •
Battalion Twenty-fourth Infantry (colored),
four companies. Captain- Angew commanding.
Captains Seavlll. Black. Lieutenants McMas-
ters Sanford, Jackson. Frith. Lincoln, Ewing
and Murphy. Chaplain Allensworth.  : ;'.-. ■"■-
Band— Thercaux.
, Three battalions, 400 men each, of recruits,
1 United States Infantry. Mljor Sweet. Twenty-
third United States Infantry, commanding
Battalion three batteries artillery as Infantry,
Captain Pratt, Third Artillery, commanding.
Band— Artillery.
i Batteries in command of Captains Danes and
Bennett, Lieutenants Haynes and Harris.
Two troops Fourth Cavalry, 200 men each.
CELEBRATION.
Captain Wilder, Fourth United States Cavalry,
commander. ;-■:>■ - :
Troop commanders— Lieutenants Cress, Davis
; and Arnold.
I First troop Sixth Cavalry. inn men. Captain
Wilcox, Sixth Cavalry, commanding.
Light battery, Third Artillery, Captain Caltfr.
commanding. Lieutenants Gardner and
Brower.
THIRD DIVISION.
Robert C. Russ, marshal; Charles O'Mor-
aphan, aid; Dr. H. W. Hunoaker, aid.
Band, Robert Allen, leader; Naval Militia,
N. O. C. Captain Louis H. Turner: Lieutenant
Commander T. A. Nerney: Lieutenant W. E.
Elliott, aid; Lieutenant W. F. Burke, ord-
nance officer; Lieutenant F. W. Harris, sur-
geon; Ensign J. D. Morrissey, assistant sur-
geon; Ensign H. P. Smith, signal officer; first
division. Lieutenant C. C. Dennis, commander;
second division Lieutenant T. S. Harloe. com-
mander, engineer division, Lieutenant W. T.
Bonney. commander.
FOURTH DIVISION.
Hon. Thomas F. Dunn, marshal: Dr. W. O.
Wilcox. aid; Phil W. Hammersmith, aid.
Band, M. Rltzau. leader: Signal Corps. Sec-
ond Brigade, N. G. C, Captain C. L. Hewes,
commanding: Lieutenant C. W. Haseltine. es-
cort to the officers of the day and guests.
Officers of the Day and Special Guests. Fourth
Division.
George R. Fletcher, president of the day.
Hon. James. D. Phelan, Mayor of San Fran-
cisco.
Robert W. Dennis, secretary.
James R. Devlin, treasurer.
Merton C. Allen, orator.
Daniel A. Ryan, reader.
i General R. H. Warfleld, commanding Second
i Brigade, N. G. C, and staff.
A. de Trobriand, Consul of France.
C. Calderson. Consul of Honduras.
J. N. Tindes. Consul of Costa Rica.
Ho Vow, Consul of China (suite).
T. Mutsu, Consul of Japan (suite).
i Hon. I. J. Truman. William A. Define. Martin
! Fragley, N. Blackstock. Dr. R. W. Payne, Jere-
: miah Deasy, Edward L. Head.
FIFTH DIVISION.
! John OKeefe. marshal; Captain F. Warren,
! aid: Cyrus K. Leggett, aid.
Band. J. C. Cosrgins. leader.
Independent Rifles, Captain L. Schneider,
! commanding: First Lieutenant E. Moening.
Second Lieutenant John Staude.
Veterans of the Mexican War in carriages.
Sons of Revolutionary Sires.
Convalescent soldiers from the United States
Army hospital In carriages. (Carriages kindly
donated by Hon. James D. Phelan.)
Veterans of the Spanish-American war, E. K.
Grimmell In command.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Division marshal. C. A. Macomber; Charles
Bliss and D. P. Lowney, aids.
League of the Cross Cadets, Colonel William
P. Sullivan Jr., commander.
FIELD AND STAFF.
Colonel, William P. Sullivan Jr.; lieutenant
colonel, Thomas F. Ryan: surgeon. Major
Joseph G. Morrissey, adjutant. Captain John
P. Duffy: commissary. Lieutenant Joseph A.
Watts; inspector. Captain Daniel J. McCarthy;
quartermaster. Lieutenant Harry Mahony: ma-
! jor first battalion, Daniel C. McGloin; major,
second battalion, Daniel C. Deasy; major, third
; battalion, William H. McCarthy: adjutant, first
battalion, John J. Crowley; adjutant, second
battalion Frank Gonzales; adjutant, third bat-
talion, William A. Kelly; assistant surgeon.
Captain J. F. Sullivan.
Line officers, Company A— Captain William
C. Hopper, First Lieutenant , Second
I Lieutenant John Long.
Company B— Captain J. T. Curley, First Lieu-
tenant Stanislaus Rlley. Second Lieutenant T.
E. Gardner. '
Company C— Captain P. L. Barman. First
Lieutenant J. R. McGee.
Company D— Captain I. D. Dwyer, First
; Lieutenant George Sullivan, Second Lieutenant
i V. Carroll. _ .
Company E— Captain L. McCryston. First
Lieutenant B. Malone. "-; r-^ .:-
Company F— Captain M. F. Hynes, First
I Lieutenant J. H. Long. Second Lieutenant J.
Company C— Captain William Dlxon, First
Lieutenant William Terry. Second Lieutenant
i James Toohey.
Company H— Captain James Power, First
: Lieutenant J. Regan. Second Lieutenant J.
i K Com n pa'ny I-Captaln H. Power. First Lieu-
tenant , Second Lieutenant John Me-
! ■ Company Captain J. H. . Rellly. Second
i Lieutenant Al Hanley.
Company L— Captain Frank Monaghan, First
Lieutenant Frank Grlmley, Second Lieutenant
! J. F. Meagher.
Company M— Captain A. S. Mclntyre.
Company N— Captain Frank \\ yms. First
Lieutenant J. Kennedy. "
; Company — Captain Joseph W esplear.
Company Captain James Flynn, First
Lieutenant Mark McCann, Second Lieutenant
Charles A. Flynn.
SEVENTH. DIVISION— SECTION A.
I A K. Daggett. marshal; Fred Suhr Jr.. Wal-
! ter T Burke, aids; band. G. H. yon der Mehdea
: leader; California Parlor. N. S. G. W. ; Pacific
Parlor N. S G. W. ; Golden Gate Parlor, N. S.
G. W. Mission Parlor. N. S. G. W. ; San Fran-
Cisco Parlor, N. S. G. W. ; El Dorado Parlor,
N. S. G. W. ; Rlncon Parlor N. S. G. W. ;
i Stanford Parlor. N. S. G. W. ; Yerba Buena
Parlor N. S. G. W. : Bay City Parlor, N. S. G.
I W. ; Niantlc Parlor, N. S. G. W.
SEVENTH DIVISION— SECTION B.
Captain A. de la Torre Jr., marshal; E. L.
; Rittore, J. Hennlng, aids; band; Hamilton,
1 Evening School: National Parlor. N. S. G. W. ;
Columbia Parlor, N. S. G. W. ; Hesperian Par-
lor, N. S. G. W. ; Alcatraz Parlor, N. S. G.
W.; Alcalde Parlor, N. S. G. W. ; South San
Francisco Parlor. N. S. G. W. ; Sequoia Parlor,
;N. S. G. W. ; Precita Parlor. N. S. G. W. ;
Olympus Parlor. N. S. G. W. ; Marshall Parlor,
.N. S. G. W.; Presidio Parlor, N. S. G. W.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Oscar Hocks, marshal; John Weisse, C. C.
j Heke, aids; hand; San Francisco Turn Verein;
i Schuetzen Section, Captain F. Attlnger com-
manding. First Lieutenant F. Kommer, Second
Lieutenant Joseph, Straube; Turner Section, Joe
Meyer commanding. First Lieutenant 'William
Gutersloh: float; Swiss Sharpshooters, Captain
P. G. Gamozzi commanding. First Lieutenant
Antolne Campani, Second Lieutenant G. Ra-
gant.
NINTH DIVISION.
Adolph Becker, marshal; Antolne Klein,
Thomas Meyer, John Kudner. Fred Kautz, 'John
Leffler. aids; band, A. Dijeau leader; Elntracht
Verein; Schuetzen Section, First Lieutenant L.
Schmidt, Second Lieutenant J. yon Hard wick;
Turner Section. Henry C. F. Stahl commander.
First Lieutenant L. F. Schoettler; Mission
Turn Verein, George A. Rutz leader; float.
TENTH DIVISION.
Dr I B. Dalzell, marshal; Guldo Almagia,
I Frank Mlguet, aids; band, J. W. Spencer
i leader; Garibaldi Guards. Captain Antoine Olmo
commander: Garibaldi Benevolent Society, offi-
cers and veterans in carriages; San Francisco
Drum Corps; Italian Fishermen's Association,
I. Bardellini president: float.
ELEVENTH DIVISION— A.
Leo C. Ratto, marshal: C. Dick. R. L. Park,
W Fook, aids; band: Chinese; 100 Native Sona
of the Golden State; two large historical floats;
'• seven large floral floats: bicycle corps.
ELEVENTH DIVISION— SECTION B.
Martin Tlerney, marshal; band: 750 Chinese In
! their national parade, consisting of one float,
; 100 Chinese girls, one float, 100 Chinese boys, 24
1 Chinese mounted, 24 Chinese riflemen, 20 car-
riages, remainder on foot in fancy Chinese-
! national cosutmes.
. TWELFTH DIVISION.
A C Plstolesl, marshal: Frank de Losa, aid:
band William Cellarlus leader; Royal Italian
Guards Captain Zita commanding; float: Scav-
engers'' Protective Association; Ranchers and
Gardeners' Association: two historical float?:
Japanese Section, Japanese gunboat firing day
j fireworks. " . . -
THIRTEENTH DIVISION.
i a. C. Berthler. marshal; James Mcßride and
F CoJumbU Park Boys* Club. C. R. Alberger.
Columbia lark Hoys' Club, C. R. Alberger,
commander; S. S. Peixotto, acting commander.
Columbia Park Drum and Bugle Corps, B.
si pit, leader. .
' Ccmpnny D, Lieutenant H. Junker.
Company C, Lieutenant H. Birnbaum.
Company B, Lieutenant James Rogers.
Company A, Lieutenant T. McKay.
Simpson Cadets.- Roy Hudson, captain.
! May Pettee in fancy cart.
Golden Link Cadets. Roy Douglass, captain.
Fancy dog cart driven by Miss Rona Me-
' j demon. _
Hebrew Orphan Asylum Band.
' San Francisco Newsboys' Union, Robert
Wall commanding.
American District messenger boys. Sergeant
i George Brown and Sergeant Fred Gottlng com-
' San Francisco District Telegraph boys, Rlch-
■ i ard W. Purvis, captain.
FOURTEENTH DIVISION.
Dr. Henry Sichel, marshal; John Wilson and
Frank Schwartz, aids.
■ Handsomely decorated automobile.
Invited guests in carriages. ' ,„ i -
Handsome float, "Spirit of '76, ' with Ood-
• ! dess of Liberty, by Wilson Brothers.
Two handsome floats by A. Fodera.
: Seven private floats. ■
1 i Public vehicles. :,-
The public are most earnestly requested to
keep on the sidewalk. By order of
STEPHEN V. COSTELLO, Grand Marshal.
A. A. BORLINI. Chief of Staff. . J
000000000000000000
;• T » PALACE ■*«•?
%CRAND "otej^o
- Q * SAN FRANCISCO. Q \
5! ** Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Room?— 900 w: h 9ath Attached. **
, O All Under One Management. ©
- O NOTE TEE PKIOES: O
, O European Plan. per day and upward O
American Plan. #3. OO per day and upward ~
© Correspondence Solicited. . V
1 O JOHN C. KIRXPATBIOK. Huagtr. O
. 000000000000000000
78
SUPERVISORS BLOCK
THE FRANCHISE STEAL
Grant Avenue Loop Will Not Be
Awarded to the Railroad.
Seven Votes Save the City From the Big Raid of the
Monopoly — An Indefinite Postponement Secured
After a Stubborn Fight.
TITK Board of Supervisors will not
offer for sale franchises 'in Grant
avenue, Stockton, Battery ami
an streets. The Market j
Street Railroad Company haw
lo.ct that part of its projected steal
which was involved in the disposition
of these privileges. The Supervisors
ed yesterday by a vote of seven
• • to postpone indefinitely all fur
ther consideration of The franchises. ;
This fettles the matter once for all.
The board adopted finally the cork
screw franchise and thus insures to
the people of the city this important
cropstown railroad.
The other fou tions were not
without a stubborn battle,
i:: which the railroad people received
valuable but va >rt. When the j
1 of the Street Committee was
it was found that Supervisors
tinker, Attridg ; '.land had
i a recommendation of the four
franchises. Supervisors Kalben and
Collins, who arc members of the eom
refused to sic;n the report.
When the report had been read Super
visor D ai I that all reference
ses -" I out, as he w;i*
Informed that the committee had made
ition at its meeting- on ■
Thursday.
The motion was immediately sec
onded and then Supervisor Aigeltinger :
arose to make a curious explanation, j
Imitted that the Street Committee:
had taken no definite action on Thurs
day, but had met yesterday morning
and made the recommendations in
• -port. "All we did this ;
for," he said, "was to get the matter
out of the way." After an uninteresting
skirmish the board suspended its rules j
to hear what representatives of the
Merchants' Association, improvement
clubs and citizens unattached had to j
say in reference to the franchises. At
the same time Supervisor AigeHinprer
presented an elaborately prepared reso
lution offering the franchises for sale
and authorizing an advertisement for
Then the old. time-worn, ha-ckneyed
discussion followed. A. S. Baldwin
consumed considerable valuable time
in repeating what he had said better
before. The only new thought that his
anything but fertile brain suggested
SEEKING TO UNDO
A " BLUNDER OF
THE LEGISLATURE
A Bill Signed That Did
Not Pass.
IMPORTANT WORK CHECKED
COMMISSION OF PUBLIC WORKS
LAPSED BY MISTAKE.
The Question of Relieving a State
Misfortune Now Placed in the
Sands of the Supreme
Tribunal.
The Supreme Court heard in bank j
yesterday afternoon the writ of man- ;
date recently granted to Ed E. Leake '
directing the State Controller to ap
pear and show cause why he should i
not pay petitioner a salary as Oommis- !
sioner of Publk- Works for the month
of March.
Juflso Beatty explained that the writ
had been granted on account of the im- \
portanee of the Interests involved and i
the urgency for a speedy determination :
of i ho issues raised, and a delay would i
seriously hamper an important Si
work and impair the efficiency of im- j
portant work already accomplished.
Attorney General Ford and Deputy
Abbot: appeared for the respondent,!
and J. < '. Brusie represented the pe
titioner.
All counsel agreed that the act of
- null and void for ilk- reason that
the Governor signed a bill that did not
pass the Legislature. A remark made
by Justice Van Dyke left the inference
that the court holds th<* same view.
Mr. Ford contended that by the pro
visions of the act of isTi* the oflice of j
Commissioner of Public Works expired
by limitation on -March 1, I>fi9. He
contended that in amending the act of
1593 and providing that the office shall
cense to exist ai ted time it is not i
necessary that the purpose of such
amendment be stated in the title. j
Mr. Ford expressed sincere rocrret |
for the blunder of the Legislature,
which he claimed has resulted in stop- i
I i work of great importance to the
State, and the beneficial effects of
■which are so apparent that nobody de- ;
ni"s thai it is a public calamity that j
the office has been allowed to lapse.
Mr. Brusie, for the petitioner, con-]
Tended that the second section of the
net of ISST if=- a rider added to the orip- ;
nal bill for the purpose (.f repealing it '
and is therefore invalid, for The reason \
that this purpose is not expressed in ;
the title. In support of this contention
he quoted many decisions rendered in !
various States by the courts of last
resort. One of these decisions was !
written by chief Justice Beatty of this
State.
Mr. Brusie also called attention to j
what is known as the Auditing- Board
act. This was passed several weeks [
after the act of 1897. It prescribes the !
duties of the members of the Audit ins:
Board, all of which are contingent upon j
the existence of the office of Commis- I
sioner of Public Works. Every line of I .
this art implies the existence of such
office, and it continues the Auditing
Board indefinitely.
The last clause provides for the re- j j
peal of all acts and parts of acts in con- i
fiict with it. Ab section 2 of the act of i
was the feeble expression of a suspicion '
that the newspapers are very wicked
affairs generaJly and should not oppose
the Grant avenue loop. Mr. Baldwin j
was followed by the Rev. Father Otis,
who wanted to see the Grant avenue .
loop franchise sold as a road upon the
thoroughfare will be a convenience to ■
the people that attend St. Mary's
Church. Edgar Painter also chirped
daintily in pdvocacy of. the proposed
raid and H. Peterson ended the sym- !
posium.
Supervisor Aigeltinger then moved
that the franchises be considered by
the board. Byington immediately :
amended to refer the franchises again
t-> the Street Committee, to remain in
the committee until the Market Street
Railroad Company agreed to abide by ;
the provisions of the charter to lay un
derground wires and to use Berlin
rails. The amendment was lost by the ;
following vote: Ayes — Byington, Col- i
11ns, Deasy, Heyer, Lackmann and Per- j
rault; noes — Aigeltinger, Attrldge, j
Black, Holland, Kalben and Phelps. A
vote was then taken on Algeltinger's
motion, which was also lost by the fol- I
lowing vote: Ayes — Aigeltinger, At
tridge. Black, Holland, Kalben and
Phelps; noes— Byington, Collins. |
Deasy, Heyer, Lackmann and Per
rault. |
This simply meant that the board re- i
fused to consider the franchises out of j
the regular order of business.. The j
lobby disappeared and the board pro
ceeded with the routine of the day.
After all other business had been
transacted the franchise question was
forgotten. Supervisor Lackmann re
called it to the attention of his asso
ciates and Aigeltinger's resolution of
fering the four franchises for sale was
read. Supervisor Lackmann imme- !
diately moved that all further consid
eration of the matter be indefinitely
postponed. This motion, which killed
the franchises and saved the city from {
the raid of the monopoly, was adopted |
by the following vote:
Ayes — Supervisors Byington, Col
lins, Deasy, Heyer, Kalben, Lack
mann and Perrault — 7.
Noes — Supervisors Aig-eltinger, At
tridge, Black, Phelps and Holland — 5.
1R97 is clearly in conflict with the act
creating the Auditing Board, Mr. Bru
mtended that said Beetion, even if
it were valid when enacted, was re
pealed by the Auditing Board act sub
ently passed.
Upon the conclusion of the argument
Justice Benny directed counsel t.> file
a list of authorities and declared that
the court would render an early deci
sion.
COPTIC HERE WITH
NEWS FROM HAWAII
NO FEAR OF PLAGUE ATTACK- j
ING THE ISLANDS.
Colonel Ames Returns to Recuperate. !
A Whitehall Accident That
Was Nearly a Disaster.
The steamship ("optic arrived in port !
last evening and anchored in the stream, i
She left Nagasaki on June 12 with ninety- j
five cabin passengers and 517 steerage. !
The trip up wan uneventful, not an arci- ;
dent being recorded or a sickness re
ported.
Among the distinguished cabin passen
ger* was Colonel Ames of the First Min
nesota Infantry Regiment, who is on his,
way to this city to meet his wife. Ho '
has been ailing and is enjoying a four i
months' leave of absence from his regi- j
ment. Dr. Sheldon, an army surgeon who
has seen service in Manila, is also a pas
senger.
The Coptic brings news of the death of
Kapiolajii, who passed away on the 24th
Of June after a lengthy illness. Her body
lay in state in the old Hawaiian church
for eight days and was viewed by thou
sands. < Treat sorrow was apparent among!
the royalty. Her body was interred last J
5 with fitting honor by her people.
ks in Hawaii are reported down two
points owing to the San Francisco mar
ket.
information already published that
the passengers on the Nippon Maru were
. in quarantine at Honolulu was i
borne out by pussengers on the Coptic, i
They state that the passengers on the i
•ship were- detained on the quarantine boat
City of Columbia for seven days before!
Di Ing allowed to p^nceed to this city. The !
also reports no sickness at Hono
lulu and no panic in that distant port j
over the dangers of plague.
The Coptic left Nagasaki on June 12 and !
■ 1 Honolulu without mishap, leaving I
that place on Tuesday last.
th by drowning was narrowly
averted last night. Shortly after the i
Coptic anchored in the stream a news
man was rowed out to the steamer
by Jim larroll and Jack McCowan. In.
some unknown manner the. Whitehall !
sprung a leak, and hut for tho opportune i
arr ly aJ "' Henry Peterson's launch Amy i
with other m-wspaper men aboard a dis
aster might have resulted. The passen
ger ami McGowan were taken aboard the!
launch. Inn Farrell persisted in staying
by his leaky boat B fore the line could!
be fastened the Whitehall drifted a mile i
away and Peterson had great difficulty ;
in finding Parrel! :ind his hoat. It was.
towed back to Meiggs wharf, and when
close to thai place McGowan, who wanted i
to give a sample of his Ltd very, plunged
the cold water with his clothes on
He proved an expert swimmer and man
aged to reach the wharf in safety.
Ladies 1 tailor-made suits, fur capes cloaks
Credit. M. Rothschild. 224 Post St.
Hurled From Their Carriag-e.
MAP.YPVII.LE, July 3 . -While driving
last evening in company with his daugh
ter Dr. J. \v. Horton of Honcut met with
injuries that, on account of Ms advanced
age, are considered quite serious His
horse shied at some object and overturned ■
the buggy. The doctor sustained five !
fractured ribs or, the lef! side and Is suf- !
fering from bad bruises on the left should- i
er and hip. Miss Horton is bruised about •
the head and body.
Veteran Becomes Insane.
MARYBVILLE, July John Abbott, a
veteran from the Santa Monica Soldiers"
Home on his way to Igo, Shasta County
alighted from the Oregon express train at
this point this morning and by his ac
tions convinced every one that he was
insane and dangerous to be at large. The
officers had him placed in the ward for in
sane at the hospital '>•-.<:.' v-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JULY 4, 189:>.
PHELAN SHIES AT
THE DOLLAR LIMIT
An Innocent Resolution Causes the
Mayor Much Embarrassment.
Finance Committee Asks Him to Make Good Bis Asser
tions That Such a Tax Levy Is Sufficient
for the City's Needs.
MAYOR PHEL-AN does not seem to |
be as deeply infatuated with the. j
dollar limit as he was during the j
campaign last fall. Then, from a j
dozen platforms each night, he j
assured the voters of San Francisco that -
1 with a careful pruning of the expendi
tures, Including a thorough weeding out
i of superfluous deputies in the various de- j
'■ partmer.ts of the municipal government,
■ a dollar limit on an assessed valuation of i
$350,000,000 would provide ample revenue.
The Mayor made the dollar limit his
hobby, and rode it early and late to every
assemblage of the faithful between North
Beach and the county line. It was the
■ panacea for all municipal ills.
i Even before the campaign opened or the
municipal conventions had met, Mayor
Phelan had trumpeted the dollar limit so
loud and so persistently that friends and
opponents listened to his siren blasts with
the result that the Supervisorial nominees
of every convention were rigidly pledged
to the dollar limit.
Now, his Honor is asking himself why
he talked so much.
For the first time during his political ca
reer Mayor Phelan was brought face to
face with the dollar limit at the session of
the Board of Supervisors yesterday after
noon. Dr. Perrault performing the intro
duction ceremony, and if facial expres
sions indicate anything, the Mayor did
, not relish the meeting in the least. A
dose of the doctor's own nostrums might
be expected to produce about the same
grimace.
The trouble arose over an innocent ap
pearing little resolution recommended by
the Finance Committee, which recited
that the tax levy would not be fixed until
September, and in order that the Auditor
might have something to guide him in
passing upon the city's accounts every
public officer and department was limited
to one-sixth of the actual amount esti
mated for the maintenance of the various
offices and departments under the esti
mate of the committee fixing the tax rate
at $1,073. Accompanying the resolution
and made a part thereto was the estimate
as published exclusively in The Call last
Friday.
Mayor Pholan innocently asked if the
departments could be maintained under
that limit.
"It will make big cuts in all the depart
ments." replied Supervisor Perrault, who
as chairman of the Finance Committee ;
acted as spokesman.
"But some of the officials have told mo
they cannot keep their offices open," said
the Mayor.
"Well, 1 expect it will hurt some of
them, but we have done the best we
could. You know we are all pledged to
the dollar limit, which your Honor has
repeatedly asserted is quite sufficient to
run the government on."
"Are all the departments affected?
What is the basis for the County Clerk's
office?"
"We have held that down in accordance
with the recent decision of the Supreme
Court. Every office is cut with the excep
tion of the License office. We left the
; appropriation for the ensuing six months
the same as it was last year out of con
sideration to your Honor, as we under
: stood you had five appointees in that of
fice, and we did not are to disturb
them."
"Did Mr. Bonnet say that he could not
get along with a smaller force?"
"Yes, last January, if you remember, I
called on Mr. Bonnet and he assured me
that his office was conducted as econom
ically as it could be. 1 have also talked
with Mr. Lees, the present Collector, and
he said the same thing. If his force was i
reduced, he said, he would suffer serious j
inconvenience. When I was talking to
him I tried to get an appointment in his
office for your Honor, but he wouldn't
stand for that."
"Who asked you to get an appointment
for me?"
"Oh, it was Mr. Fay, your private sec
retary." As Mr. Fay is in the Mayor's
private oflice and Is regarded as one of
his closest political lieutenants everybody
in the chamber but the Mayor enjoyed the
sally hugely.
■ Here Supervisor Aigeltinger broke in
with the statement that the Street De
partment could not be maintained on the
limit allowed by the Finance Committee,
and asked that it be increased.
Byington sought to rescue the Mayor
by moving that the resolution lie over for
a week. ■ : *
Holland opposed the motion. He said the
Auditor must have some basis to work on
and the resolution should be adopted,
even If it was found necessary to amend
it in a week or two.
Perrauli again donned the gloves, so to
speak, and asked the Mayor to suggest
such clerkH as could be lopped off with
out crippling the department to which
they were attached. "If your Honor will
remember," said the doctor, "you stated
in your annual message that a great sav
ing could be effected by dispensing with
the extra deputies. One of the newspa
pers has stated that your Honor has ex
pressed a willingness to confer with the
Finance Committee. Certainly we shall
be glad to accept your advice in this mat
ter, for while we have no desire to crip
ple any department, still we are bound to
the dollar limit, and as your Honor is a
stanch advocate of that tax rate and with
your greater experience you can without
a doubt give us the desired information a*
to keeping within the limit without work
ing a hardship on any of the departments.
As it is now, we have some prisoners in
the County Jail and some patients in the
County Hospital, as well as some Inmates
of the Almshouse, all of whom will have
to reduce their appetites to correspond
to the dollar limit; those people will prob
ably not get as much to. eat as they do
now, but this board is pledged to keep
within the dollar limit and we are deter
mined to keep within our pledge."
"Are all of those Institutions affected
by this estimate?" asked the Mayor.
"Yes, all of them. The Almshouse, for
instance, is shaved $15,000, and you know
$15,000 buys considerable food. However,
if your Honor will give the Finance Com
mittee the benefit of your experience and
judgment, perhaps we can make a more
satisfactory adjustment of this matter."
"I am entirely willing to confer with the
committee," said the Mayor.
"Meanwhile," continued Perrault. "the
Merchants' Association will probably sub
mit a tax levy in the course of a couple
of weeks, and if we delay action until
then it may give us something to work
on."
Lackmann objected to any delay. "We
must give the Auditor. some estimate to
work on." he said, "even if we upset it
next week."
Phelps said the Auditor would not pass
upon any bills contracted during- the cur
rent fiscal year for a week or two, conse
quently there would be no harm in delay,
but a majority of the members thought
differently, and the motion to postpone
was lost by a vote of 8 to 4. .
The Tf solution then came up for adop
tion and was carried by a vote of 9 to 3,
and the heads of the various departments
must conduct their offices under the dol
lar limit for the time- being at least.
Perrault again paid his respects to the
Mayor by asking when his Honor would
be willing to counsel with the Finance
Committee.
"Oh, any time will do," replied the
Mayor: /'there's no hurry about that." ,'
'"I think differently." returned Per
rault. "There seems to be need for con
siderable hurry. Of course, the commit
tee is entirely -at your service, and any
time you may select will be quite satis
factory to us." .".-'
"Well, some time within the next two
weeks will do." answered Mayor Phelan,
who seemed to find relief in calling up
the order of business.
It is understood that when Mayor Phe
lan confers with the | Finance Committee
,*!! the improvement Clubi in |h§ city,
■which are greatly agitated over the ' a ""
are to make any provision for street ana j
other improvements, will demand a hear-
Ing. They will remind the Mayor of his
repeated promises to them that they
should be amply provided for in the way
of Improvements, and will demand of the
Mayor if the elimination of every projected j
Improvement in addition to crippling the
Street Department to such an extent that
not even ordinary repairs can be made is
the proper way to take care of them.
THE BLACK DEATH.
Explanation of Conditions Aboard
the Nippon Maru.
To the Editor of the San Franoisen Call: In
view of the many Inaccuracies which have ap
peared in the San Francisco daily press on the
subject of the Nippon Muru we beg to fur
nish j-ou with the simple statement of facts.
We must not dispute the statement th.it the
case of the Chinese boy who died at Nagasaki
on May 26 was one of plague, for we were not
permitted to see any of the specimens upon
which the diagnosis of plague was made by the
Japanese authorities. After his death the ship
was thoroughly disinfected by the quarantine
officials of Nagasaki and all paesengers. saloon
included, were taken to the quarantine station
and bathed and their clothes were "fumigated.
After a week's quarantine, terminating June
S, the ship sailed with a clean bill of health,
and after a thorough Investigation at Kobe
and Yokohama we cleared from Yokohama for
Honolulu and San Francisco June 8.
A I'hinese steerage passenger died on board
on Jun^ H and the bo-ly was embalmed, and
on arrival at Honolulu on June 17 the authori
ties there made a post mortem examination of
the remains. After twenty-four hours they re
ported that they had "found bacilli resembling
those of bubonic plague." The port physician
did not tell us It was plague, but said repeat
edly thut the bacilli resembled those of plague.
We were immediately put Into quarantine and
remained under strict quarantine rules for four
days.
At the request of Captain Allen, and on the
recommendation of the port physician, we
were invited to form a committee with the
ship's surgeon for the purp< se of thoroughly
fumigating the ship under the direction of the
quarantine officer— the Board of Health sup
plied the material, namely, formaldehyde and
sulphur— and under our personal supervision
these were applied vigorously. To insure the
proper tarrying out of our orders we four tc>"k
regular three-hour watches, day and night.
Kach steerage passenger w;is bathed in a cai
bolic aciii bath, the clothing worn disinfected
with steam under pressure anil a new. disin
fected suit given to each person on coming <>ut
of the tath. The baggage of all steera^'- pas-
M-ngers ana t!n-ir Quarters were thoroughly
fumigated with sulphur and afterward witn
formaldehyde. During these days guards were
stationed to Insure there was no communication
between steerage and saloon, and on every oc
casion after being in contact with the steerage
our elothlng was disinfected before returning
to our quarters. On June 20, having transferred
the Honolulu passengers under quarantine to
ihe steamer chartered for them by the com
pany, we sailed for San Francisco.
On Monday. June 19, a Japanese woman, 29
>.; rs of age and mother ot two children, was
sfrii-ken with paralysis.. Phe was seen by
two of us il'rs. Hall and Scott) that evening
at different times, and we concurred in the
diagnosis made. The following morning T>r.
I 'ay, the port physician of Honolulu, saw the
woman and agreed with us that It was paralv
sls. but due to apoplexy, probably of specific
origin; he said there was no evidence nf
plague and that he would 'give us a- certificate
which would be satisfactory to the authori
ties at San Francisco. He did so and we read
it and considered It quite satisfactory. It is
unnecessary to add that even a layman could
not possibly mistake apoplexy for plague. We.
along with the ship's surpeon. paid her several
visits, ar.'i on every occasion her temperature
and riils* were iv.rmal and we saw n..thtti«
which made us change our opinion of her ■:i<^.
The reason given us by Dr, Day for not tak
ing her off the Nippon Mnni was that the
movintc mipht cause her death: and the Attor
ney General of Hawaii said that in that case
he would be liable to be charged with man
slaughter. She lingered, as all such cases
usually do. in a more or less unconscious con
dition until June 25. when she died.
Captain Allen, feeling .secure by reason of the
certificate from Dr. Day, and the independent
opinion of the medical committee, decided to
bury at sea, this being the rule of the com
pany In ra?" of the death of a Japanese steer
age passenger. The engines were stopped and
a portion of the burial services having been
read by the Rev. C. Inwood. the body was com
mittod to the deep in the presence "of the offl
cers of the ship and several of the passengers.
It is untrue that we arrived flying the yellow
flag either here or In Honolulu. There was no
illness on board and the yellow flag was not
hoisted until it was ordered by the quarantine
officer. We dropped anchor within the pre
scribed limits to await medical Inspection,
which Is the ordinary custom adopted by
healthy ships.
Captain Allen informs us that In addition
to these three cases the only other Illness on
board since leaving Hongkong was a fireman
with bruises on shoulder, who returned to
work next day. nnd a case of bronchitis, where
the man was sick for two days. So far as any
one knows there was no Illness amone the
Japanese stowaways, as they were In the Coal
bunkers and so cut off from crew and passen
gers.
We submit this statement not as a protest
or complaint against our detention here, but
simply with the view of putting the public In
possession of the facts. We pre, sir, yours
faithfully, J. R FF.ARN. M. I>.
S. JKBB SCOTT, M. A., M. B.
W. I* HALL. M. D.
Angel Island. July 1, 1599.
COMMERCIAL RECORD.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, July 3, 6 p. m
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 68; Rod Bluff. 98; Sacramento. 92;
Fresno, 106; San Luis Oblspo, 78; Independence
96; Los Angeles. 78; San Diego, 66; Yuma, 108.
San Francisco- data — Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum. 50; mean. 55.
.WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen over the Rocky Moun
tain region and is beginning- to rise along the
coast of California.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
the northern half of the Pacific Coast. In the
great valleys of California' the temperatures
are from 6 to 12 degrees above the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Kalispel, 26 miles per. hour, from the
northeast; Eureka, 38 miles, from the west, and
El Paso, 44 miles, from the northeast.
Thunder storms are reported at Kalipsel and
at Cedar City, Utah.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 4. 1599:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler
In the northern portion; northerly winds In the. |
valleys, with fog along the coast and fresh I
■westerly winds.
' Southern California — Tuesday, with
fog along the coast; northerly winds in the I
interior: westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler in northern
portion.
Utah — Cloudy and unsettled weather Tuesday;
cooler.
Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday, with showers in the
mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity- Cloudy Tuesday,
with fog: fresh westerly winds.
The temperature at Mount Tamalpals is 22
degrees higher than at San Francisco.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. •
' . CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 3.— CATTLE— Contrary to
expectations the week began, with unusually
email receipts, owing to which there was a
scramble for cattle and a decided- jump in
prices. The bulk of the , cattle crossed the
scales at $5 15(g5 60. common kinds selling at
ii 60® 490 and strictly choice at $5 6055 75.
Fancy Angus cattle brought $6, the highest
price paid this year. • ; "
HOGS were in active demand and prices
ruled about Be higher. Light hogs sold at
$3 Ss@4; mixed lots, $3 75@4; heavy, $3 60<S?3 82^4.
Pigs brought $3 40@4 and culls $2@3 60.
SHEEP— was a falling oft in receipts
and a consequent good demand at steady
prices, although string lambs tell oft about
250 per 100 pounds, there being a big supply on
I hand. Sheep were salable at J2@3 for in
ferior up to $5®5 25 for prime wethers, 1 ear
llngs brought J4 75!ff6.
Receipts-Cattle. 11.500: hogs, 36,000; sheep.
17,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 3.— Silver. 27 11-16 d; French
rent**, lOOf S7^e; wheat cargoes off coast, more
offering; cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
digital) country markets, quiet: Import of
wheat Into United Kingdom. 445,000; do flour,
258,000; wheat nnct n.mr on passage to United
Kingdom. 2.M0.000 do Continent, 1.510,000.
I.H ERPOOL, July 3.— WHEAT— Firm: wheat
In Paris, quiet; IPreneh country markets, firm.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Karl Fruit Company fold California
fruit hi auction to-day nt the following prices:
PHILADELPHIA; July Tragedy Prunes. ,
$1 10<i)-l 65. average fi IS; st. John Peaches, We i
911 35. average 51 IS; Hlmonl Prunes. $1 nr>@ ;
1 65. average $1 10; Burbnnk Plums. %W1 50,
average si 10; Royal Apricots, 11 OB©l 20. aver
age Jl 10; Pencil PIURIS, average $1 22; Botans,
average No; Bartletl Pears, half boxe«. li 38
(tiji HO. average $1 M. Three cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO. July 3.— Btggareau cherries. $2 10 I
•.:.■ 15; Itlack Republicans, IficOtl 56. average
$1 2S; Knyal Aiin.r.. 7Rc(*rJl 85, average •$1 09;
Royal Apricots, average $1 38: Red Astrachan
Apples, average II IS; Tragedy Prunes, average
$1 20; Hals' i Early Pi>arhe», $1 0S^?l 10, average
$1 09; Imperial Peaches, average Jl 28; Bar
; banks, 87c; Blmonl, Mo; Mikado, 7Bc; Olymans,
average SI OS.
BOSTON, July Tragedy Prunes. $1 30® ,
I 2 25, average $144: Clapp's Favorite Pears, :
i boxes, average J2 80; half boxes, 85c@$l 50. av
i erage $1 81: Bart let Pears, half boxes, average !
Jl 50; Beurre Gilford. $1 06; Peach Plums, SScO |
$135, average $121; Rurbank. 7Sc(g-$l 86, aver- j
age Jl 36: California Red Plums, $1 0;,«3 55, ay-
I erase $1 80: Hale'a Early Peaches, 35c<5Jl 20. ay- j
1 erage $109; St. John Peaches, 80c©$l 2.'.. aver- .
age $101; Simon! Prunes, 66ci@Jl 35, average ;
$1; Botan. average Jl 07; Abundance, 65c@$l 45, ;
average S2c; Royal Apricots, 46c(ii$l 05, average :
72c: Black Tartarian Cherries, 86c9fl 65, aver
age $1 20; Royal Anns, 70c@Jl 75. average $1 01. ,
Ten cars sold to-day.
NEW YORK. July 3.— Tragedy Prunes, $1 20 '
01 50, average II 41: Burbank. 95c© Jl 35, aver- j
age $1 28: Brlggs' Early May Peaches. 90c(fI$l 40,
average SI 27; Royal Ann Cherries. 75c(@J2. ay- !
I erage !1 25: Black Republicans. 80e©*3, average 1
! $1 47; Black Glfford Pears, half boxes, average
$1 40- Royal Hative Plums, average $1 05: Peach
Plums. $1 1501 25. average $1 19; Royal Apri
cots. 75c(j5$l 15. average S6c; Alexanders, aver
age 82c. Eight cars sold. ;
THE LONDON MARKET,
NEW YORK, July 3— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram will say:
The markets here were irregular to-day, there ;
being less confidence In the settlement of the I
! Transvaal question. Americans were buoyant
! throughout, closing at the best. Business in
them was unexpectedly large, New York ob
viously taking a hand, particularly in North
ern Pacific common. Tlntos were 40%^45"4;
Anacondas, 11 bid.
CLOSING.
LONDON, July Canadian Pacific, 101;
Northern Pacific preferred. 79 7 Union Pacific
i preferred, 81; Atchlson, ; Grand Trunk,
8%; bar silver, 27 11-i6d per ounce; money, I^4
per cent.
LONDON "WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July 3.— The offerings at the wool
auction pales to-day amounted to 13,300 bales.
The attendance was good and competition
ftrong. Fine crossbreds, merinos and scoured
brought extreme prices, the home trade secur
j ing the bulk. The Continent was an active
buyer of greasy.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. July To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 1280,310,237; gold reserve,
--1211.536.520.
THE BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, Hi.. July BUTTER— Offerings,
142 tube; sales, 26 tubs at ISc. Market quiet.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, July There was not much
doing in the local wheat market to-day, as all
of the Eastern exchanges were closed. The
only sales reported' were at . r >S' 3 c for Walla
Walla and 60c for valley. Bluestem was nomi
nally 61i&62c.
COMSTOCK MINES.
The official statement of the superintendent
' of the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine for the week ending June 30 reads as fol
' lows: "The Comstock Pumping Association,
i has been engaged In the following- work at the
'■ C. and C. shaft: 1400 level— west drift has
been extended 23 feet; total length, 660 feet;
the face being In vein porphyry and clay. 1650
i —Necessary repairs are being made on this
' level. 1750 level— The stores have been ex
tended south and west and we have raised one
floor. The ore in the new ground referred to
In last week's report has ranged in width from
8 to 10 feet. If has a northeast and southwest
course and dips to the southeast on the Fill
floor, where we have followed the hanging wall
portion of the ore to the east. The best and
richest portion of the ore is now in the bot
tom. In raising on the ore we found that near
the caps of the third floor set the hanging wall
clay turns over and runs west nearly flat. The
$50 ore reported last week extended but a short
distance above the point where it was then
! sampled. The ore going west in the new
ground assays from $20 to $25 per ton, gold
i value. Above the clay we found old timbers.
As near as can be determined the ore in the
j new or unworked ground goes off sharply to
the west and dips below the track floor of the
! 1158 level. In making room to work and while
'. stoplng ore we have extracted during the week
i 100 tons of ore of a gold value of $16 75 per ton.
A large part of the ore Is from new ground
'. and a little from old fillings. We also extract
ed about 15 tons of $9 ore that was separated
from the ore of higher grade. 1800 — When our
compressor on the surface was subjected to a
i working strain we found several defects that
had to be repaired before we could depend
upon it to furnish us with a steady supply of
1 air for our work on the ISOO. The compressor
: was overhauled and will start to-night, and to
j morrow work will begin on this level. The '
; station seems to be in good condition, hut as !
there Is a great deal of slum and broken tim- |
ber on the level It is not possible to state at ;
this writing how soon development work . can ,'
be started. The water is again down near the I
' 1950 level and we hope soon to open that level." j
The official statement from the Ophlr mine
reads as follows: "No underground work has
been done through our shaft during the week.
Central tunnel— The north drift has been ex
tended 8 feet: total length, 376 feet.; face In
clay, quartz and porphyry. The face Is now
in Mexican ground. On the north line of Ophlr
and south line of Mexican a Joint east cross
cut was started and advanced 20 feet. When
9 feet In, a heavy hanging clay wall was cut
into with a little quartz on the east side of the
clay. The face Is In soft porphyry. This cross
cut will be extended a short distance further
as there is a known vein to the east of us. If
this vein is not found in a short distance we
will, before extending the east crosscut, run a
Joint west crosscut on the line of the two mines
so as to learn the position of the footwall of
the vein that we have been following to the
south. The Sutro tunnel direct connection was
advanced 19 feet; total length, 228 feet; face
in soft porphyry. At a point 224 feet in we
struck a vein 4 feet thick standing nearly ver
tical and dipping to the west. The vein is
largely quartz, showing some gold and silver,
but no ore of value. When the drift is ad
vanced so that work can be done in the vein
It will be carefully examined and sampled.
Work In the southwest drift has been con
tinued and the . drift extended 9 feet;
total length, 47 feet. At a point 43 feet In we
cut through a thin clay seam. Since that time
there has been a steady improvement In the
appearance of this vein. It has assumed a
more westerly course, showing a little water In
the bottom, and the quartz and porphyry give
low assays, the value being largely gold."
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140-foot
level, the south drift started from the main
west drift opposite the north drift wan ad
vanced 26 feet; total length. 133 feet: face In
porphyry, with seams of quartz and clay. Two
men have been employed in easing timbers and
repairing drifts. 900 level— The north drift from
west crosscut No. 2 has been advanced 10
feet; total length, 95 feet; face In porphyry and
clay.
In the Chollar and Potosl mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the '
week 35 feet: total length. 244 feet; face in clay,
porphyry and boulders of quartz which give
low assays. On the tunnel level they have one
man on repairs. Repairs to the Bullion-Potosl
west crosscut have been completed to the face
and the crosscut advanced 10 feet; total length. !
22S feet: face in clay, porphyry and stringers
of quartz yielding- low assays. Sutro tunnel
level — The Zadlg drift has been advanced 13
feet during the week; total length, 938 feet;
face In very hard porphyry. ...:-v
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to George A. Raymond, i
lot on SE corner of Scott and Vallejo streets
8 50 by E 112:6: $10.
George A. and Mary E. Raymond to Kather
ine Babcock (wife of Harry), same; $10.
Chester L. and Annie E. Hovey to Henry A.
Hardlntr. lot on N line of Greenwich street. SO '
W of Broderick. W 51. N 90:1, SE 57:6, S
SO; $10.
James R. Smith to same, same; $10.
Henry A. and Ella M. Harding to Joseph P.
Waller. same; $10.
William A. Doud to Octavla A. Doud, lot on
>JW earner of Twenty-fourth street and San
Jose avenue, TV 37, N 87:6, E 48:9 U. SW 88:4-
Klft.
Same to same, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth |
street. 37 W of San Jose avenue, W 35:4% by N |
57:6; gift.
John F. and Mary E. O'Donnell to William
Metzner, lot on E line of Fair Oaks street. 33
N of Twenty-fifth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Samuel P. Blumenberg to Louis P. E. Frey,
lot onE line of Dupont street, 97:6 S of Pine,
E 60, S 40, W 38, 8 1:4. W 22, N 40:10; $10.
Freia L»»uUviit G«meiud9 yon Saa Francisco
_.—— -c — _ .-. . -•
(Independent German Congregation" of San
Francisco) to Samuel Knight, lot on line of i
O"Farrell street, 103:1% XV of Mason, XV 34:4* ,
by N 137:6: $20,000. ■
Mary A. Connerty to Anthony Maraschl, re- j
record of 1139 d 331 of lot SE line of Stiver
Street, 100 SW of Third. S\V 25 by SE 80; $100.
John P. Frieden to Michael H. Haas, same;
$10.
John Judge to Sarah A. Fllnn, lot on E line
of Thtrty-llfth avenue. 225 N of O street. N 75
by E 240; also lot on E line of Thirty-fifth ave
nue 17"' N Of R street. N 50 by E 120; also lot
on E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 167 N of J |
street, Nj, 50 by E 120: $10.
SunnyJme Land Company and California |
Title Insurance and Trust Company to Bertha '
Duwer (wife of William C). lot 9. block 47, ■
Sunnvside: $10. ■.■v^ ';. .. .  V ' : '.
Adolph Bacchlni to Clara Bacchlnl (wife of j
Adolph), all interest in lots 4 nod 5. block 530, |
Bay View Homestead Association: gift.
Imelda C and C. R- Eager to William .T. !
Heisler, re-record of 1567 d 243 of lot 1, block W, j
Park Lane Tract No. 2: $1".
E. J. and Rose Wegschnelder to same, same; \
William J. and Emelia R. Heisier to Edward
J. Mitchell, same; $10.
Alameda County.
P. F. Benson and E. M. Paterson (executors
of the estate of Phillip Boqgar) to V.. H.
Irwin. all interest In lot on NE corner of
Twenty-second and Poplar streets. E 130 >.
100 E 100 N 123:6, W 100. N 40. W 130. S 263.
to Winning block 629, Oakland: $450
Henry and Catharlna Meyer to John Meyer
beginning at a point 1630 W from San Pablo
avenue and 800 B from South Park avenue N
125" w 106:6 S 125, E 106:6 to beginning, being
a portion of plat «. Rancho V. and P. Peralta,
Oakland Township: $10.
Axel Johnson to Frances E. T rev (wife of
Will lam 101 on W line of Campbell street K0
B of West Thirteenth. S 25 by XV 110, block -_-,
and being also lot 6, block 1, plat of tract 383.
Oakland: $10. .
California Safe Deposit and Trust Co. and
Laura B. Roe (executors of estate of George M.
Roe) to Laura B. Roe (trustee for Clara Rice),
lot on E corner of Seventh avenue and East
Nineteenth street, NE 75 by SE 150. block 119,
Clinton. East Oakland: $10. . ,
Henry and Mary Hampel to Union Savings
Bank (a corporation), lot on S corner of Eighth
avenue and East Seventeenth street. SE 75 by
SW 150. being lots 22. 23 and 24, block 85. Clin
ton. Note— deed is given in full payment
of a certain mortgage, dated April 19. 1595. and
recorded in 460, map 359, East Oakland; $10.
Frances E. and William Drey to Axel John
son, lot on S. line of Clinton street, 300 E of
Union, E GO by S 100, being lot 5. block L,
new map of a portion of Lynn homestead ad
joining Highland Park, East Oakland; also
lot on N line of Grant street 172:4 E of Four
teenth avenue, E 50, N 100; W 128:6',» to N line
lot 15. block L. of above tract, E 125:5. S 50 to
beginning, being lots 14 and 16, block L, same;
East Oakland; $10.
Mark Sheldon to Pacific Coast Loan Associa
tion, lot on W line of Calais street. 90 S of
Woolsey, S 45 by W ISO. being the S 45 feet lots
20, 21 and 22,- block F. Harmon tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Jennie E. Barrow to Nettle M. Holt, lot on
E line of Choate street, 60 S of Bancroft way,
S. 70 by E 150, being portion lot 8, block 10,
property College Homestead Association, sub
ject to mortgage, Berkeley; $1500.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Henrietta
M. Lucas (wife of John XV. "i. lot 4. Gallndo
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Christopher Hood to Arthur J. Hood, re
record of 532 d 24', of lot on E line of Cypress
street, 175 X of Fifth. N 25 by E 107:4, Oak
land: $10. "~: i
Christopher A. and Catherine Mulvey to Bes
sie Nelson, lot on E line of Castro street, 50 N
of Fifth, N -'■• by E 75, being lot 3, block 50,
Oakland; $10. : :-...
Robert Gl<*nn to Julia A. Jacobs, lot on N
line of Charter or Twenty-second street, 558:1
E of San Pablo avenue, E 50 by N 129:4V4, be
ing lot 41. Tuttle Homestead Tract, Oakland;
JlO.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francleco Bay. Published by official au
thortly of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide in the came at both places.
TUESDAY, JULY 4.
Sun rises 4:52
Sun sets _;_; — 1:33
Moon rises 1:57 a. m.
a Time ITimei Timet Time)
» Ft. I -I Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L. W [H W LW) H W
4 ...I 3:16 — 0.61 10:14] 4.3 2:25 2.9] 8:511 «.2
4 .... 3:16'— 0.6^ 10:14 4.3 2:251 2.9' 8:511 «.2
5 ... 4:011—0.81 11:01 4.5' 3:16 3.0 9:85 6.2
« .. 4:44— 0.9 1 11:45 4.7 4:041 3.01 10:16 1.1
7 ... 5:20—0.9112:221 4.8 4:51 3.0 10:56 6.0
8 ... 5:55-0.8112:56 4.9 5:35 2.9 11:35 5.8
9 ... 6:24 O.r, 1:29 5.1 6:20 2.8 !
H W IL W H W L Wl
10 ... 0:15 6.6 6:56[-0.2l 2:011 6.2 7:061 2.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
arid the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer
From.
Due.
Coqullle River. .[Grays Harbor Uuly 4
Empire Coos Bay July 4
Aloha Point Arena July 4
Areata Coos Bay July 4
Weeott 'Humboldt July 4
A. Blanchard... Coos Bay July 4
Bonita Newport July 5
Pomona (Humboldt July 6
Walla Walla... Victoria & Puget Sound 6
Willamette .... Seattle July 7
Santa Rosa San Diego July 7
North Fork Humboldt July 7
Point Arena Point Arena. July 7
San Bias Panama July 7
Luella JYaquina Bay July 8
San Juan Panama July 8
Columbia ....... Portland July 9
Coos Bay Newport (July 9
Czarina Puget Sound July 9
America Maru. China and Japan July 11
ITmatllla ■■ 'Victoria & Puget Sound July 11
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Veeott .... Humboldt 'July 5, 2 pmjPier 1!
'orona — San Diego July 6, 11 am Pier l:
Ity Puebla Vie & Pjrt Sd. July 5, 10 am' Pier !
.. .Blanch' d Coos Bay July 5, 5 pmjPier II
'. Maru. . . .l<'hlna*.Tapnn'July 6. « pmiPMSS
bquille R.. (Grays Harbor 1 July 6, 2 pm 'Pier 2!
'Ity of Rio. 'China* Japan July 6. 1 pmiPMSS
Hilton IHrecon Ports. July 6. 10 am Pier 2(
ircata .... Coos Bay Uuly 6. 10 ami Pier 15
Mracao ...Mexico IJuly 7. 10 am|Pler 11
lonlta Newport Uuly 7. SamPlerll
tate of Cal 'Portland Uuly 7, 10 ami Pier 2<
.capulco ..[Panama (July 8.12 m PMSS
anta Rosa ! San Diego 'July 9. 11 am Pier 11
Valla "W...1V1C & Pert SdlJuly 10. lOamlPier i
zarlna ....iPueet Sound. 'July 11. I
blumbla .. (Portland Uuly 12, 10 am I Pier 24
larlposa ..'Sydney Uulv 12.. 2 pm*Pier "
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
TIME BALL.
Branch HydroKraphlc Office. U. 8. N.. Mer
nhnnt"' Krchange, San Francisco, Cal .
July 3. 1599.
The time .ball was not dropped to-day: no
signals. "V; C. O. CATKIN'S,
I.|out»nant Commander, U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPI>fi I\TET,I,IGE\CE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, July 3.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, from Hongkong:, via
Yokohama and Honolulu.
Stmr State of California, Goodall, 48 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 40 hours.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 22 hours from Usal.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 35 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 61 hours from San
Diego, etc.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 56 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson, 21 hours from Bear
Harbor.
S'mr George Loomis, Bridjrett. S3 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen. 22 hours from Usal.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 4 days from Astoria,
via Eureka.
Ptmr Signal, Bendegard, 70 hour* from Co
lumbia River.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Ship Tacoma, Pederson. 70 days from Manila.
Baric Kate Davenport, Merriman, 7 days from
Port Blakeley.
Schr Sacramento, Gruggel, 4 days from Til
lamook.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Nelson, 20 hours from
Mendocino. .
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannssen, 16 hour»
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Mary C, Madsen, 10 hours from Fort
Ross.
CLEARED.
Monday, July 3.
Stmr Australia, Houdlett, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall. San Pedro; Oooda'.l.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons, Eureka: Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Ship Crown of India, Corkhill. Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
7 V ' SAILED. '■>'■■-:-<■:
■ Mondays July 3.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Olsen. southern coast.
Stmr Coos Bay, • Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka •
Stmr Australia. Houdlett. Honolulu.
Stmr Mackntaw, Littleneld. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mandoclno.
Stmr Ruth, Starnd, .
Br stmr Wyefleld. Cartmer. Manila.
Nor stmr Tiltania. Egenes, Nanalmo.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Volant, Krog, Mazatlan.
TELEGRAPHIC.
• POINT LOBOS, July 3. 10 - p m- Weather
tossy: wind SW; velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-vAxrivwi July a-Sunr Uumboldt,
from Dyea: stmr Progreso. hence June 28; stmr
*&&? July 2-Stmr Arcata.
h fa C ned JU JulyVstmr Empire, for San Fran
h^^^r^^an^^n/w^u:
h 1k C ned July-2-Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
K^i. for'^^cis^Sw^Tior^
F OLYMPiA-Sailed July 3-Schr Maggie C
R BOw7NJ an LA r NDING-Saned July 3-Schr
Greenwood, from Point Arena; stmr Mineola.
from Nanaimo. , - -pvan-
Sailed July 3-Stmr Greenwood, for San Fran
C GRAYS HARBOR-Sailed July 1-Schr Mary
E Russ. July 2-Schr Ida McKay, for San
July 2-Schr C T Hill, from Ventura.
FORT ROSS- -Arrived July, 3-Schr Mary C,
hence July 1; schr Nettie Sundborg. hence
* "sailed July 3-Schr Mary C. for San Fran-
ALBION— July 3— Stmr Aloha, for San
Francisco. I_, . _, ._"_«»
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed July Bktn Skagit,
for :
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived July
I— Haw Kirk Nuuana. from Kahului.
NEW YORK— Arrived July I— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
. FOREIGN PORTS.
: A.CAPULCO— SaiIed July I— Stmr San Juan,
for San Frp.noisco. ...
NANAIMO— July 2— Bark Theobald.
for t'nga.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 30— Stmr Olympla.
for Tacoma.
PANAMA— SaiIed June 23— Stmr San Bias, for
San Francisco.
LIMERICK— Arrived July Nor ship Hia
! watha, hence Jan 26; Fr bark Louis Pasteur.
hence Teb 2.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 30— Br ship Kins
Edward, from Swansea, and not King David.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— July 2— Stmr Corln
-1 thla, from Boston; stmr t'mbria, from New
■ York
, GIBRALTAR— Arrived July 3— Stmr Saale,
■ from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
I _ —
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
i^ Steamers leave Broadway
wßfc- wharf, San Francisco:
Hg^MfcfcK For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
»KS«3raefc July 5. 10, 15, 20, 25. 30, Augu 9t
KSTfelSfe^ * change at Seattle.
i £^8w For Victoria, Vancouver 'B.
> uSia«#«?iai •' ) Tort Townsend. Seattle.
r '■IBSlaF'iM Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
""tgyja and New Whatcom (Wash >,
10 a. m. July 5, 10, 15, 20. 25,
30, August 4. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company s steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to >.. P.
Ry. ; at .Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. »"•• J "'> *•
S. 13. IS. 23, 28, August 2. and every fifth day
' For ai Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
i Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
; Gavlo'a. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenern".
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. July 3, 7. 11. 15. 19, 23 2.. 31.
i August 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., July 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. . 29, August J.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
| without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
i and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS $ CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COASTJTEAMSHIP CO.
STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15,
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri-
can Trading and Transportation Company's
i steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on th«
YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold,
through bills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADP *' 12 First Clans Including Bern.
rHnL $8 Second Class and Meal*.
Columbia sails June 22: July 2. 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17, 27; July 7.
17, 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Bntto.
Helena and all points In the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
530 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent.
fBfSBBIffiSrSiSI S. P. Mariposa sail!
[38] fIHIC via Honolulu and
("El* 11 """** Auckland for Sydney
y™^__ "Wednesday, July 12,
Ciisr I • > at 10 p. m.
/StMnrcnm<J * The s - 8. Australia
CylWjlllJlliy^ sails for Honolulu
(OfllßrM£h I"*3^'1 "* 3^' July ■*
Favorite Line Round th» World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.; ?*!10 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York July 121 St. Louis August J
St. Paul July 19 St. Paul August II
New York ..August 21 New York ..August 2J
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland July 13 Southwark ...August}
Friesland .......July 191 Westernland Aug. J
Adria July 26! Kensington ....Aug. U
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and pas.
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, Ip. m foi
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling a'
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers foi
India, etc. ' No cargo received on board on daj
of Balling.
NIPPON MART' Wednesday. July !
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 2
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 11
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBL~O
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE** '
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG
AMERICAN LINE, 37 Broadway. New York
HERZOG & CO.. Gen Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor Sansome and !
118 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
COMPAOIHE GENERALS TRANBATLANTIQU3.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS «^~l
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •3>"Kf« I**-v1 **-v
Morton St. LA CHAMPAGNE. July II • T A
NORMANDIE. July 15: LA BRETAGNE July
22; LA GASCOGNE. July 29: LA TOUR A INK
August 6. First-class to Havre. $65 and pi
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J F FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Montgom-
ery aye.. San Francisco.
BAT AND EIVEE BTEAMER3.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
w .» THE STEAMER H. J CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m
dally, returning from Stockton at « d m
dally (Saturday exempted). Regular steamer,
leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a ™
daily (excepting Sunday). "• " P. m.
Teleph^e^a^^ nay - akd IMP. QO.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
_ Steamer "Monticello."
. M m °N:J. u «"i ft We m : Tnurs - and s »t. at 9-«
toys. .1 p. »• ml «:30: Suntoys 10:1?" "bL i
TABS •v..*.. tw . M .. M .,,, M . M . ll ..,,..^ i,^A NEW ONE-ACT
PLAY PRODUCED
IN THE ALCAZAR
Strong, but Too Dif
fuse in Parts.
MOROSCO'S BEGGAR STUDENT
HAVES AND LYTTON THE HITS
AT THE ORPHEUM.
''Ruy Bias" Given Its First Presen
tation Here by the Lam
bardis at the Al
kambra.
In the last few years the Alcazar '
- I ;ie more to encour
age playwriting than all the other
•.s in the West put together. The
unknown author is not scorned over
in < I'Farrell street, the untried j
r>lay is not reckoned as a signal for j
the Sheriff. Write one that shows the '
marks of intelligence and somebody in j
The Alcazar will read It, and If it should ;
c management will take a I
chance and give it a chance. A few |
new plays (and some bad ones) |
have come to light in the Alcazar in
this way, and I do not think that on
the whole the theater has come out!
loser. However that may b*\ this policy
of grit and indej challenges the j
respect of all of us who take a serious
interest in the native drama, whose
chances are none too many.
The new piece last night -was a cur
tain raiser by Miss Charlotte Thomp
son of this city named "Only the Mas
ter So after a line of L'En
voi in Kipling's "Seven Seas." It is '
over an h >ur In the playing, given at
i ry high language and want- ;
ing in action. Three persons do and
[1 that has to do with the story; ]
: three (two of them comic re- :
' the old Lyceum Theater style)
resting, undramatic In them- j
s, and a dead weight on the stride
of the piece. But in the hour there are j
thirty minutes of fairly human !
drain.-: strong speeches for Miss'
rts on what Miss Thompson patly I
"f friendship," and
tive curtain drop.
This is the story in brief. Richard
a, U. S. A., has seen Mar- j
Ing out of a disreputable
: ! has straightway turned
to his club to nurse his heart in
He does not meet her
until Bhe has become the be- i
trothed of his friend, Captain John
Venable. To the captain he tells what :
■ i another bitter man is sent !
clubward. To Leary the girl explains
how a relative had sent her to the dis- '
Iresa by mistake, and the '
les weakly 'twixt love j
and honor. He writes a note of ex
the captain, and then,
h nd, makes passion
ate pi 8 to the lady on his own
int. She repulses, and he sits
at a table and quietly dies of
ise. She takes the note from
lead man's hand, sees what has
ver away, and in her happi
ires the corpse as the curtain
Cut to the right proportions, the play
p .-- 1 one for Miss ■
rts. She !. sympathetically
: if Margaret, which
abounds in the irony, indignation and:
womanliness that find ready
interpretation in this clever actress.
Mr. Whittlesey as Leary and Mr. Dent
thorn r- as Captain Venable are inclined
kL Mr. Denithorne is ;
o\'erposed by nature. Mr. Whittlesey is
I in that way. perhaps, by his
lines, which would be better for more
pra I less fine writi i
audience was extremely demon
strative at the dose of the play, the :
:se continuing until the author]
■.ice compelled to step forward to i
(its ■ It] Miss Roberts.
sar de Bazan" followed with
■ lc figure in the
v ■-.- Roberts a finely
• led Maritana.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Orpheum.
': Lytton In the farce "A Wise \
• hit of the evening at the
Orphi night. From the first ap
: It-eye Ho ran" and "Jean-
Gertie Wonderbilt,"
until ■ I the audience waa
highlj 3oi ■ tin situa
roua in the extreme, and
Mr. Hogan's attempt to sit down In a pair
of pantaloons three sizes too smaJl for
him caused gri rity. There is con- I
play in the act, but the i
audier • 'ary of it.
The Pasqualis in the prison scene from
"II Trovatore" were delightful. Madame
Pasqualis' singing and acting lpft little to
in the tenor solo Signer
Pasquali deserved encores. The thr»e
er brothers, musical comedians, are
the equal of anything in their line
d a year _-• I I i -her, a
mere lad, made quite a hit with his sing- :
.nd dancing. J. Morie, tl -
tourist juggler, la another valuable addi
tion to an excellent programme. He does
some very cle irtling tricks.
Grand Opera-House.
The rollicking "Beggar Student" with i
GRAPE-NUTS.
04-++++++-M-++++++-M ♦♦♦♦♦»#
+ U. S. Gov't +
|U. S. Qov'tj
: on Foods, I
■*" ISee below.) >
X GRAPE 3STTJTS ♦
p — : — j
X Solve the Problem. -I
; t
The U. S. Government has been at-
tempting to instruct the people regard-
Ing the purchase of food that would
give the best advantage to the system
with the least expenditure of money.
A report has been made by Professor
Atwater, the famous chemist, and the
subject is of great interest. '.;.;
This is an age of specialists, and the
work of the food specialist is of great
importance. Persons who do not care
to go into all of the details and statis-
tics can secure practical results by
using Grape-Nuts, the breakfast food,
which is probably the most scien-
tifically made food in the market. 'It
Is made for a purpose and was origi-
nated by a food expert of unquestioned
standing.
The elemental principles contained in I
Grape-Nuts are selected for their value
In rebuilding the brain and nerve
centers in the human body. The sub-
ject is worth any bra in worker's atten- j
tion. Price 15 cents per package. ■ >
its wit and fun, its burlesque and love
making and romance began the week at
the Grand Opera-house last night, and
gave a crowded houseful of delighted
spectators a sample of what the South
well <>!■' ra Company can do wh<-n it tries,
pera was lavishly scened and cos
tumed and spiritedly acted and sunp with
all the vim and sweetness that it de.
The drilling and singing of the chorus
were especially good, and If last night's
house is a fair sample of what the re
mainder of the week will bring, Mr. Mo
rosco will wear more diamonds and drive
more ponies — more power to him! Will
iam "Wolff as General Olendorff, and Ar
thur Wooley as Enterich, kept the audi
ence in good humor. Persse. Delamotta,
Bertha Rlcei, Edith Mason and Daisy
Thorn are at their Lost In this opera.
JLambardis at the Alhambra,
"Ruy I.las" was sting by the T^ambardi
Opera Company at the Alhambra last
right to a small audience. The principals
were at their best, and with this company
that means success. This afternoon the
"Barber of Seville" will be given, and to
night "II Trovatore" will be sung.
Columbia.
Considering that it was the eve of the
Fourth, there was a surprisingly big
- • in the Columbia last night. "The
Adventure of Lady Ursula" entered the
d week. Next Monday sees the Mil
ler Company In Carton's comedy, "Lord
a:id I. any Algy."
Tivoli.
"Shamus O'Brien." with Denis O'Sulll
van in the name part, continues a strong
rion in the Tivoli. It will run only
this week, after which O'Sullivan returns
California.
"A Midnight Bell" will ring all week
in the California, after which the' theater
will be closed for repairs until the open
ing of the Frawley season on the 13th
met.
Chutes.
At the Chutes Theater Armstrong and
O'Neill boxed In a merry vein last night
and amused a large audience. Mac Tunl
son, an interesting soprano, sang several
new songs and the rest of the bill was
good. This afternoon there will be a bal
loon ascension by Hmtl Markeberg and
to-night a big display of fireworks.
DIVIDENDS MAY
SOON BE PAID
ON WATER STOCK
New Schedule Will Be
Profitable.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 3.
The new schedule of water rates went
! into effect yesterday, and it is now .in- ,
I nounced that the Contra Costa will soon
j commence paying dividends. This stute- ;
mentis causing much surprise, as the
new schedule is commonly supposed to
i be in the main lower than that of last •
; year. The rates paid until July 1 are i
: those of the "Solid Six," who were re- j
tired from public office last April, and are
so high that the companies waited six
months for popular Indignation to de- ;
I crease before they put them' ln force, In
four years no dividends have been paid, i
and the value of the stock went down till <
it was sold for 30. When full rates were i
charged the price went up to 70, and to
day it is quoted at 72%.
If the new schedule is lower than the j
I old one the prospect for dividends would j
j not seem to be very great, as none were j
paid under the old rates. The capitaliza
tion of the corporation has been in- j
! creased $3,000,0 iK) by the consolidation of •
the Oakland Company, and although the |
cost of one office and board of manage
! ment has been dispensed with this will
' not, according to the sworn reports on
I file, pay interest on the added millions and |
! on half of the bonds and then leave suf- i
ficient for dividends.
The remarkable fluctuations of this i
stock during the past two years are.
shown in the following table:
Value of \
Date — Shares.
August 3, IS9T *31 00
December 31, ISS-3 "2 oO
April 21, 1889
April 24, 1899 J| i"
April 25, 1893 J2 BO
April 26, 1899 i\ 62
■ April 27, 1898 1} M
May 5. 1899 <* « .
! July 3, 1899 - --'
President Dingee was asked this even- j
ing about the prospect for a dividend, and '
1 said that while there certainly would be {
!no dividend next month the company ;
would pay dividends again, but just when
ihe was not prepared to say. "There is i
■ every reason to believe that dividends
■ will " be paid," said Mr. Dingee, "and I
! hope such an action will not be considered
a crime. There Is no foundation for the ,
j report that there will be immediate divi- i
I certainly not next month."
—
WRONGED HUSBANDS REVENGE
OAKLAND, July 3.— William Ashley, a
grocer at Thirty-sixth and Grove streets,
wa.- nearly beaten to death to-day with
a poker by Robert Camfleld at the latter's
home, corner of Twenty-second and West
streets. Camfleld was arrested to-night
and booked at the City Prison for an
assault with a deadly weapon. Ashley
charges him with having attacked him
while he was delivering groceries at the
Camfield residence.
The prisoner's story is that of a wronged
husband. Ho frankly admits that he beat
Ashley and expresses sorrow that he did
not kill him. "This man has been exer
cising a hypnotic influence over my wife
for some time past," said Camfield to
night. "Two weeks ago he took her to
San Francisco and frequently, I am told,
he has tied his horstj in front of our house
twice and three times a day.
"I knew he would call to-day, and in
stead of going to work 1 lay in hiding
under the house from 5 o'clock this morn-
Ing until shortly after 2 o'clock this after
wh.-n 1 saw him enter the kitchen.
After some delay Ashley and my wife
waikt-td into the parlor, so I crawled un
der the parlor floor. Presently 1 could
hear th^m kissing. Then 1 heard my wife
say 'You had better look out, for he is
llab'le to come home at any moment. I
don't believe he went to work to-day.' I
wanted no better proof, so, crawling out
from under the house, I rushed into the
parlor, struck him over the head with a
poker, and, while the Wood was spirting
all over the carpet. I picked him up and
threw him out. 1 am sorry I did not
finish the job. He has wrecked my
home."
Mr. and Mrs. Camfleld have been mar
ried eleven years and have four children.
Ashley has several grown-up sons and
daughters. He has been married twice.
Wesolo's Brother Also Sues.
OAKI*AND, July 3 .—Louis Wesolo to
day filed suit ag-alnst J. C. Williamson,
Constable of Oatdund Township; Henry
Meyer and H. E. Ky, his sureties, anil Dr.
W. I . Huntingti.ni lor $2473 25 damages on
account of an attachment sued out by the
latter. Wwolo is a tailor, and claims that
the Constable movort ' away his Btocit of
cloth and outfit, causing $:JOOO damage to
his business and $473 25 expenses. A
brother of plaintiff brought suit against
Dr. Huntlngton a fow days ago for 515.U00
damages for malicious prosecution.
Exercised Undue Influence.
OAKLAND, July 3,-r-John Henry Jnck
son. as administrator of the estate of Sa
bina M. A. Jackson, deceased, to-day
commenced suit against Eva Metcalf to
have a deed to a ranch near Altamont,
worth $2300. cancel«->i. 1 "-fondant is a
daughter of Mrs. Jackson and a sister of
plaintiff, who alleges that the deed was
secured through undue Influence overcised
over the aged and Infirm mother by the
daughter. It is also alleged that the
ranch is nearly all the property compris
ing the estate.
An Aged Woman s Suicide.
OAKLAND, July 3.— Mrs. Julia Hays,
aired 69 and a native of Ireland, committed
suicide at her home in Livermore shortly
after 10 o'clock this morning by taking a
dose of strychnine. The case was re
ported to Coroner Mehrmann to-night and
an inquest will be held next Wednesday
evening.. -..;-- ' ; ;. ' -~--^«.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
TOMALTY DREW
A CANNON ON
BUCK LIMBS
Stew Teidermann and
Mullin Retreat.
THE CLAN AGAIN IN ACTION
PAT TOOK A SHOTGUN TITLE TO
THE ARGUMENT.
Goaded to Despair by the Taunts of
Political Rivals, the Leader
of the Clan Retali
ates.
The disturbed political conditions in the
Thirtieth District which grew out of the
attempt on the part of the Clan Tomalty i
to assure his Honor the Mayor that the .
fight looked good in Tomalty's district, I
and incidentally to mash Policeman Mine- ;
nan's face into a jelly, reached a ripe
climax a night or so ago in the barroom
of Tomalty's Sixth-street gin dispensary- •
Unable to bear the taunts of "Stew j
Teidermann and Jimmie Mullin, two of j
Buck's close up representatives, the laud
ed chief of the far-famed clan pulled a ;
e=ma.ll-sized cannon on his political rivals ;
and under the threat of blowing their |
heads off forced the allies of the blind j
boss to beat a hasty retreat from the sa- '
loon. Those who were witnesses to the }
exciting affair have been doing all in
their power to keep the details from the
police and public.
Ever since the Clan Tomalty held its
disgraceful steam beer meeting at Acad- |
em? Hall-the one which resulted so dis
astrously for Minehan-the faithful many
of wh<.m thrive and grow fat on Tomal
tv's liberal dispensations of steam beer,
have he, n compelh 6 to b< ar in silence the
taunts which were showered on them
tuck's faction. All sorts of fun was
poked at the close up members of tne ,
clan, and they offered no retaliation, pos- ,
Blbly because three of their number were
lodged in n cell at the City Prison await
ing trial for their assault on Policeman
Minehan. Hut when "Stew" Teidermann
and Jimmie Mullin sought to make light
of the clan's power in its sacred rendez
vous and in the august presence of its
I leader caution was thrown to the ■
Minna-street breeze Pat rose to the dig- ;
nity of the situation.
In a moment Tomalty's hand was under
the bar and in another his artillery was
rained in the direction of Buck's satellites.
"ait!" Bhouted Tomalty, in tones as
deep as the pickle factory whistle
••Stew" looked at Mull'n and Mullin
it "Stew."
"Guess Pat has a shotpun title to the
argument," murmured "Stew." and the
pair backed out of the saloon, leaving the j
faithful to writhe in the agonies or ex- ;
cessive Joy and toss bouquets at Tumulty
i ver his splendid victory.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
R. E. Hyde, the Visalia banker, Is a:,
guest at the Pal l
Dr. S. P. Hall, a leading physician of
is a guest at the Grand.
J. R. Hebbron, a large cattleman cf
Salinas, is registered at the Lick.
Lieutenant S. England, U. S. N., is ore
of last night's arrivals at the Lick.
I. Topham Richard?, a traveler from
London, is registered at the Palace.
L. R. Vance, a wealthy contractor cf
Vallejo, is a guest at the Occidental.
B. Waters, a wealthy resident of Santa
Barbara, is a guest at the Ocidental.
1". T. Dwyer, a prominent politician of <
Sacramento* is a guest at the Palace.
M. Higgs Jr., a capitalist of Orovllle,
ne of yesterday's arrivals at the
Grand.
S. J. Miller and H. E. St. George, two
mining men from Dawson, are staying at
the Lick.
Allan Cameron, assistant general freight
agent of the Canadian Pacific Railroa/1. Is
at the Occidental.
J. M. Chlemens, superintendent of the
riggers at the Spreckels Sugar Refinery
at Salinas, is at the Grand.
J. R. Smith, one of the leading mer
chants of Sacram'-nto, arrived in the city
yesterday and went to the California.
E. S. Valentine, an insurance man of
Sacramento, and A. M. McDonald, a mine
owner of Madera, are staying at the Lick.
John O'Shea, J. P. O'Neil, E. B. Wlnans
and T. 11. Slavens, a party of army offi
cers, arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
Brigadier General Schwan, TJ. S. A., has
arrived in the city en route to Manila,
where he goes to Join the staff of General
Otis.
Dr. W. TV. McCormlck of Santa Rosa
and C. Jessie Titus, proprietor of the
Golden Eagle Hotel at Sacramento, are j
registered at the Palace.
Th>- following party of Hawaiians havo
returned from the East and are registered j
at the Occidental: Miss Juliet Hartwtll, :
Miss Bernice Hartwell. A. F. Judd Jr. J.
R. Judd and A. M. Hervey.
S. J. Miller, a prominent miner, re
turned yesterday from Dawson City,
i Klondike, and is registered at the Lick.
He Is on his way to Humboldt County,
and says Alaska is the richest country on
j earth.
James H. Morris, who has been for sev
eral years in the employ of the Market
] - Street Railway Company, will leave on \
Monday to take up his duties with the :
electric railway system of Seoul, Korea.
He has accepted a very flattering offer
i from the English syndicate by whom the
> road Js operated.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 3.— C. Desmond of
Los Angeles is at the Netherlands. H.
Franklin of San Francisco is at the Im
perial. Arthur L. Bobrick of Los Angeles
Is at the Fifth Avenue. J. Gumage of San
Francisco is at the Netherlands. Mr. and
Mrs. H. O. Trowbrldge of Oakland is at
the Holland. Seymour R. Church of San
Francisco is at the Netherlands. Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Murphy of San Francisco are
at the Hoffman.
.« ♦ »
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON. July General Harri
son Gray Otis of Los Angeles and J. O.
.Wood of San Francisco are at the Shore
ham. R. R- Troy of San Rafael has suc
cessfully passed the bar examination and
been admitted to practice before the Su
preme Court of the District of Columbia.
Mr. Troy leaves for home to-morrow.
Mrs. L. Bell Kapp of- Oakland is visiting
friends in Washington.
.- ■ m •
DISCUSSED EXPANSION.
_— — — —
Rev. W. S. Matthew Bends a Paper
Before the Methodist Ministers.
Rev. W. 8. Matthew held the attention
of the members of the Methodist Episco
pal Union yesterday morning with an in
teresting and forcible paper on "Expan
sion, Our Nfttlon'i Manifest Destiny and
the Duty of the Christian Church." The
thesis was an endeavor to maintain that
American expansion is meritable and that
as a consequence vast increasing responsi
bilities are laid upon the Christian church
in its relation to the successful evangeli
zation of the world.
The speaker paid a tribute to the Anglo-
Saxon race, saying they were the colo
nizers, the manufacturers and the com
mercial agents of the wor!<l. In touching
on the continued war in the Philippines
Dr Matthew said; "I shrink from war as
much as any mail, but 1 cannot forget that
DEWEY MONUMENT
COMMITTEE NAMED
£
S. T-^k ERKELET, July 3.— ln response to a communication from Mayor Phelan C|
t> I of San Francisco concerning public subscriptions to the Dewey monu- t»
r> I— £ merit fund. Captain William H. Marston. President of the Board of P^
If I I Trustees of this city, is taking active measures to further the pro- g|
i -*— " ject in. the university town. Captain Marston feels confident that the
ft Idea of a monument erected by the State will make a strong appeal to the g
a patriotism of the residents of the town, and that the quota which they will be v
"*■ able to raise will show them not to be behind other cities in this respect. As *1
IB yet public attention has not been called to the matter, nor the public interest g»
g« aroused as much as the importance of the movement would justify. It is ..
m. probable, however, that before very long a mass-meeting will be called In q
b Shattuck Hall, where several of the leading citizens interested in the matter -j
" will bring it plainly before the people of the city. ;*!
B Captain Marston has already appointed a committee of prominent business §|
i~ men who are empowered to receive subscriptions to the fund. Each has a
ft subscription list at his place of business, and the contributions are already §
« beginning to mount up. The names of the committee are as follows: Howard 14
■*• J Squires, D. J. Tobin, A. P. Bancroft, Philo Mills. E. Q. Turner, Captain
ID William Frame H. D. Irwin, Warren Cheney, W. L. Moran, Christian Hoff, T*
"CD Maloney I. Wolff, A. H. Broad, A. W. Naylor. The treasurer of the
8. committee is A. W. Naylor, president of the Commercial Bank and the Berke- 9|
Bank of Saving?. ""»
from the beginning of the human history
force of arms has often proved the only
way to open a road of the gospel."
In the discussion which followed Dr Bo
vard said he did not approve of the philos
ophy of the paper or of its strong indorse
ment "I do not believe in swinging out
on such broad generalities." he said.
"There has always been a great conser
vatism in America. We are acting now
In an emergency. At the outbreak of the
war" it was not the intention of our coun
try to stretch out and secure territory.
but it seems to be the intention now. I
do not consider it the plan of the Ameri
can people to reach out for more terri
tory It is my opinion that it is the feel
ing of our people to-day to give free gov
ernment to the inhabitants of the Philip- (
M \ n p presbyterianS resbyterian ministers 1 weekly !
meeting the following officers were elected
for the term: President. Rev. H. H. Dob
bins of Berkeley: vice president. Rev. W.
if Darden of Petaluma: secretary nnd :
treasurer. Rev. James Woodworth. Rev.
Duncan Munro read a paper on 'Athana- :
sius Against the Arians." The paper was
purely a historical one and was carefully
PI Rev re George C. Adams, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, read a pa
per before the Congregational ministers
on "The Providential Element in the Lire
Of Washington." The subject was appro
priate to the nation's birthday and was
mtentlv listened to by the ministers pres
ent Tie reviewed the life of the father of
his country in the course of his paper
and said that Washington bore a charmed
life.
_ . — » — »-
LEES TAKES OFFICE.
The New License Collector Makes :
Many Changes.
Fred W. Lees was formally Installed as
chief of the License office yesterday
morning. Promptly at 9 o'clock Lees and
the retiring Collector, Bonnet, opened the •
safe and counted the cash, after which
Mr. Bonnet introduced his successor to ;
the deputies and withdrew. Lees at once
announced the appointment of the tnUnvr
ing as his assistants: E. J. Casey, chief
deputy; James L. Miller, cashier; F.W.
Cornyn. M. W. Brady. James Boyd_
san Nichols, Edward Foley. William M.
Vtllette and George A. Comstock. assist-
of Casey, who took
office at once, the new appointees will not
be installed for a week.-
« ♦ ■
DONOVAN'S GOOD RECORD.
Work of the Chinatown Squad for
Month of June.
The good record of Sergeant Jam?s
Donovan of the Chinatown squad for the
month Of June is told in his report for
the' month. During this short period ho
has made 233 arrests, designated as fo.
--lows: Aiding and abutting Chinese lot
tery 22 whites and 89 Chinese: keeping ,
fan'tan game. 1 : visiting fantan gitme 77:
keeping opium Joint, B: visiting opium
joint 16; arrested for felony. 1 white and
1 Chinese: arrested for misdemeanor, Si
whites and 12 Chinese. _»-.
The amount of fines collected during
this time was $1810.
Stole Valuable Silverware.
Thorr.as Johnson, an opium fiend, went
Into a restaurant at 43 Third street last
night and offered for sale twenty dozen
silver spoons and forks which he had in
a trriii Suspecting that he had stolen the
articles the proprietor "f the restaurant
summoned Policeman George Tracey, who
placed Johnson under arrest. Subsequent
ly the silverware was identified as the
DTODerty of D. Mcßay, a dealer in house
hold furniture at *27 Mission street.
Last Wednesday night Mcßay s store
was broken into and 125 dozen spoons and
forks were stolen. The burglars gained
an entrance by cutting a hole in the rear
door and drawing back the bolt.
The ; olice are now searching for John
son's accomplice. _
It Was an Accident.
The case of Mrs. Margaret Lynch,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon by cutting her husband's hand
with 'i knife in their home on Fifth street
Sunday night, was called in Judge Mo
han's court yesterday. Her husband said
ft was ar accident and refused to swear to
a complaint against her. The Judge con
tinued the case till to-morrow and re
leased the woman on her own recogni
zance.
The Lowenthal Murder.
The preliminary examination of the
soldier. M. J. Mochel, charged with the
murder of Mrs. Ida Lowenthal in a saloon
on Kearny street about two weeks ago,
was commenced before Judge Treadwell
yesterday afternoon. The witnesses ex
amined were Maurice F. Lowenthal, Dr.
Zabala, the autopsy physician, and H.
Clifford. A continuance was then granted
till next Monday.
TWEEDIE DEFEATED
BY RUFE TURNER
Referee Fox of the Opinion That the
Australian Worked in a
Fake.
STOCKTON, July 3.— Rufe Turner, the
colored Stockton boy, who is seeking hon
ors in the lightweight class, knocked
Cocker Tweedie of Australia cold in the
eighth round of what was to have been a.
twenty-round fight. It was a hard fight
from the very start, with Tweedie out
pointing the colored boy in boxin* in
every round, so that there Is no doubt
that the decision would have beon his
had both stayed the limit. The knockout
blow was on the back of the left Jawbone
and almost under the ear, and waa th«.«
fourth swing which Turner had made at
Tweedie's Jaw. three of them being suc
cessfully blocked.
Tweedie turned half around and fell
with th< 2 glove still at the point of his
chin, showing that ho had not placed it
back far enough by about five inches to
catch and block the fnrce of the blow.
The referee, James Fox of the Reliance
club of Oakland, counted Tweedie out and
declared Turner the winner.
Later in conversation with Instructor
E'k*Tt of the Stockton Athletic Club, ho
d. -dared that he thought Tweedie faked
the fall and the fight on his own part.
For a time he believed he had the right
to declare all bets off, and so it was
noised about, but as he had left the ring
when he made the second part of his de
cision bets stand. Fox declared that Tur
ner was not a party to the fake, but that
Tweedie and his friends were.
Many at the ringside agree with Fox
that there was no necessity for TwfWlie
going out, while others are as strongly of
the opinion that the knock-out was clean
and legitimate. The preliminary between
Frank Crowley of Marysville and Al
Doyle of San Francisco was decided a
draw.
Mahoney Bests Everhardt.
NEW* YORK, July 3.— Young- Mahnney !
of Philadelphia was awarded the de
cision on points over "Jack" Everhardt
of -.New Orleans after twenty rounds be
fore the Coney Sporting Club to-night.
The New Orleans man fought gamely ,
but Mfthoney was quicker on his feet and
a better ring general X
ALAMEDA OFFICIALS
SPRING SENSATIONS
ALAMEDA. July 3.— City Trustee
Schulte created a sensation at the board
meeting to-night by openly charging City
Clerk Lamborn with holding money back
from the creditors of the city. Specifical
ly he charged that the money for one
claim had been drawn from the treasury
last April and the money had not been
paid over to the firm to whom it was due
until last Tuesday. Schulte declined to
make public the name uf the firm, but
after the Trustees adjourned Lamborn
.supplied the information. The Clerk claims
that the charges are an attempt to
■■knock" him because he would not stand
in on certain schemes of some of the
Trustees which he did not think to be
square. He gives an apparently perfect
explanation of the transaction upon which
the charges are made. The trouble grows
out of the purchase of supplies for the
last city election. After the routine busi
ness of" the meeting had been disposed of
Mr. Schulte dropped his bombshell.
"I wish to call the attention of the
board to the impairment of the city s
credit," said the Trustee. "The larger
houses have been having difficulty collect
ing rbeir money. The Clerk has been tell
ing them that our funds wen- depleted or
that we had not approved their bills. 1 ne
i fact is we always have had Plenty of.
money and are anxious to pay our bills.
"One case In particular that has be<-n
! calied to my attention by the bookkeeper
i "f the firm gives ground for investiga
tion of some kind. The bill was con
tracted last April and the money was
1 drawn from the treasury, but although
i repeated demands were made for it, 11
was not paid over by the clerk until last
, Tuesday. ' , „,,
"What do you mean by money drawn.
: inquired Mackie.
"I mean Just what I say," was the re
i ply. "A warrant was drawn and the
: money paid on it. but it did not reach
the firm until nearly three months later.
A Call correspondent asked behulte lor
the name of the firm, but the Trustee
declined to give any Information to any
newspaper concerning city affairs.
Clerk Lamborn was more communica
tive He stated that the name of t! ■
: who gave Bchulte the story was Charles
Hanley, a bo< kkeeper for H. S. Crocker
& Co., and that the bill of the firm for
election supplies is what the charges are
based upon. ..
••I was authorized by a resolution of the
Trustees," said Mr. Lamborn, "to pur
the supplies for the last city
tion I drew for the purpose JlL'> 75 from
the Treasurer on my personal at unt l
purchased the precinct supplies from H.
l§ Crocker A Co., compelling the tirm to
■ell each set at the rate of $4 96, when
Oakland wai paying $11 » for the sam«
goods Their bill amounted to $C 4 3o; the
balance of the money went for post Lgi
! and other incidental expenses. Bubse
! quently a warrant was drawn in favor of
: the Treasurer for the amount advanced
< to me. . ...
"I held Crocker's money in my safe until
' last Tuesday. The reason was that some
i of th*» sets were incomplete, and I thought
! the city was entitled to a rebate. Once
' Crocker telephoned and asked me If I had
I their money. 1 replied to send over the
I man who sold me the goods, that 1 had a
bone, to pick with him because of the
' shortage in the supplies charged for.
When 1 learned that there was likely to
1 be trouble over the matter i paid them
1 the money under protest.
"The whole business is a scheme to
i 'knock' me because of my stand in oppo
sition to Mr. Schulte's many queer trans
actions in connection with city affairs."
Interesting developments are promised.
■ and it is openly asserted that serious ac-
I cusations against some of the City Trus
i tees will follow to-night's sensational
i charges.
Dr. Stafford Dead.
Dr. John T. Stafford, well known in this
city, died at his residence, Ifi2s McAllister
i street, yesterday afternoon. The funeral
! will take place from the late residence of
' deceased to-morrow morning, after which
the body will be conveyed to the Sacred
Heart Church, where mass will be said.
: L)r. Stafford was 28 years of age and a
' native of San Francisco.
Funeral of Mrs. Gibbons.
The services over the body of the late
wife of Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr. will be
held at the First Unitarian Church to
morrow at 12:30 o'clock. The interment
will be private.
SWALLOWED A DOSE
OF CARBOLIC ACID
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 3.
Eecause her husband seemed determined
I to go to Stockton against her wishes, Mrs.
! George Maxfleld, residing at 535 Park ave
j nue, East Oakland, attempted to commit
i suicide this morning by swallowing car
bolic acid.
Mr. Maxfield had been ordered by his
employers in San Francisco to make a
i hurried business trip to Stockton, and
' when he advised his wife of his intention
: to comply she protested and grew hyster
! ical. She immediately secured a small
', bottle of carbolic acid, and before her
' husband could intercede she had swal
! low^d enough of the deadly poison to
make her unconscious.
Dr. Dodge was promptly summoned, and
after two hours of hard work Mrs. Max
field was resuscitated:* When she regained
consciousness and realized what she had
done she expressed her regrets and was
glad that her life had been saved.
Mrs. Maxneld was formerly Miss Stella
Boquet. Bhe is IS years of age and be
: came the wife of George Maxfleld less
than a year ago. Her married life has
been happy, but for the past two weeks
Ehe had been very ill and in an hysterical
condition frequently. Her mother is
wealthy and is the owner of the Silver
State House on Mason street, San Fran
cisco.
■ ♦ ■
Dangerous Brush Fire.
ALAMEDA, July 3.— Nearly twenty
acres of dry grass and underbrush at
Sherman street and San Antonio avenue
! was burned over to-day, and the reri
dence of Attorney R. B. Mitchell ban iy
escaped destruction. The fire was started
■ by a patriotic small boy and a pack of
firecrackers, and had gained great he&d
wav before the fire department was called
out It was with much difficulty that the
; flames were checked before they reached
: the home of Mr. Mitchell. Much danger
i is anticipated from this source to-morrow.
Death of Mrs. Modesto Castro.
ALAMBDA, July 3.— Modesto Castro,
widow of the late General Jo=*e Castro.
! died this afternoon in this city at the home
of her son, J. C. Castro, corner of Pacific
i avenue and Sherman street. Deceased
j was a member of a family prominent in
' the early history of the State. Her hus
band was the last Governor of California
under Mexican rule and was commander
of the Mexican forces in the war of 1?1<>.
Mrs. Castro was born at Monterey, Cal.,
! in ISI6. Her remains will be shipped ther-3
Wednesday. where the funeral services
I will be held.
RAILROAD RUNS
A BOLD BLUFF
FOR BRIDGES
Tries a Trick on the
Government.
BLOCKING THE TIDAL CANAL
FINDS A FORGOTTEN TRACK
AND OPERATES IT.
■ ♦
Runs a Train Daily Over a Dangerous
Piece of Roadbed to Compel
Uncle Sam to Come to
Terms.
ALAMEDA, July 3.— The Southern Pa
cific Company is playing a bold bluff to
prevent the Government from carrying
out its plans of constructing a combined
railroad and wagon bridge over the tidal
canal where the company's tracks will
cross it when completed. The railroad
people have stood out for separate
bridges, claiming that It would work a
-peat hardship if they were forced to
fcove their tracks to the site of the pro
posed combination bridge, and besides
that, it would be dangerous to allow
horses and railroad trains to travel over
the same structure. v t «. ;■
When this argument was being used trie
railroad had but one track crossing the
canal. Now it has two widely separated,
and it proposes to force the Government
to build bridges for both or leave the tidal
canal in its present unfinished condition.
The second track which has sprung into
prominence in the last few days has not
been in use for ten years. It was lost sight
of in a luxuriant growth of weeds. Bust
has left little of the rails, and the ele
ments have disposed of most of the road
bed The track runs from what used to
be Fernside station to High street, and Is
part of the original Alameda county Rail
road, built and operated by the late A. A.
Cohen, long before the Southern Pacific
was heard of. . . _
Mr. Huntington's company has just dis
covered the Importance of the forgo a<n
line and is now backing a train over It
every day at the risk of wrecking an en
gine and a couple of cars. No passengers
are carried. The train starts from no
where and apparently goes to the same
place. It comes over from OaKlanu t:\erj
afternoon a little past 3 o'clock, and alt. r
going through the formality of running
over the old track continues on tnroußii
Alameda. This has been going on for
several days, and it is stated it will con
tinue as long as Mr. iluntington has an
object In view. The track crosses the line
of the canal about 300 yards west of th.
track that has been regularly used. It is
announced that the Southern Pacific
Company will claim that the old track is
necessary in the conduct of its business
and will insist that the Government build
a bridve for- it when the canal is cut
through. As a compromise it will demand
a double track bridge where it originally
wanted a single one entirely distinct from
the wagon bridge.
i ALLEGED ATTEMPT TO ROB.
Mrs. Kate Sullivan Prefers a Serious
Charge Against Thomas Sulli
van, a Stevedore.
Thomas Sullivan, a stevedore living on
Moss street, was arrested yesterday
aftcrnon by Policemen Callahan and ;
Conlon and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of attempt to commit robbery.
i The complaining witness against him Is,
Mrs. Kate Sullivan of 831 Bryant street.
Mrs. Sullivan said she was walking |
home yesterday afternoon with $2 50 in j
her right hand, which she had got from
a lady" on Fifth street. As she passed a
corner grocery at Folsom and Sixth
streets Sullivan, who was with another
man. approached her and asked her for
10 cents. She gave him a dime and he
made a snatch at her hand to get the
! rest of the money. She was struggling
with him. when he struck her on the
i mouth, knocking her down. Her head
I struck on the hard sidewalk, cutting her
scalp. Sullivan then ran away.
Mrs Sullivan was taken to the Receiv- .
ing Hospital, where the wounds on her j
mouth and scalp were dressed, and he
was sent to the City Prison to sober up. j
Sullivan denied the woman's story and j
positively declared that he bad never seen :
ior heard of her before. He admitted he i
had been drinking and was surprised
< when Policeman Callahan called him out
i of a saloon and placed him under arrest.
He says It is a case of mistaken identity.
CHARTER SUIT READY.
E. S. Pillsbury. Plaintiff's Attorney,
Seeks to Have the Case Set.
City and County Attorney Lane is anx-
I ious to indefinitely postpone the trial of
! the suit to determine the validity of the
i charter brought by Superintendent of
Streets Fragrley for that pur
pose Yesterday morning E. S. Pills
bury, who represents Mr. Fragley, ap
peared before Judge Bahrs and asked
that the case be set for hearing on Thurs
day next. City and County Attorney
Lane opposed the motion on the ground
that he had not had sufficient notice to
; enable him to prepare for trial. On this
• statement Jud£e Bahrs continued the case
i until Wednesday morning, at which time
! it is expected that Judge Seawell, who
will henr the case, will be on the bench
and set the case for early hearing.
Coroner's Verdict Set Aside.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterday
on the body of Mrs. Dollie Walsh, who
poisoned herself with carbolic acid at 88
Third street on June 30. Nothing new was
elicited but the jury returned a verdict
of suicide "while temporarily insane,"
Coroner Hill set aside the verdict because
it was not warranted by the evidence, and
made it plain suicide.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Charles W. Jensen, Oak Grove, Sacra
mento, shipping clerk. $1145 88; no assets.
H M Mac-Lean, clerk, San Francisco,
$6«R 50; no assets. M. W. Carr, clerk, San
Francisco, $590 95; no assets.
New Electric Line in Service.
OAKLAND, July 3.— The new electric
road on San Pablo avenue will commence
running regularly to-morrow. Eight cars
will be put on. and a six-minute service
will be afforded. The cars will be run
from the foot of Broadway clear through
to Golden <iate.
BATTROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LF.AVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAXi)
MAKKKX-STRZET FERRY AT i:3O P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANT IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 638
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
BACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J street
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San francisco, wa tau*ain.u terr),
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 3:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
E»tra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 6:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings. Arriving in B. F. at 11:20 p. m.
BUND AYS, 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and I:4a. 2:30
and 4 n. m.
.Tnlv 4th Trains Will Run en Sunday Time.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
TIIOS COOK & SON. Agts.. 021 Market at.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL^
SOVTHKRN rA«mC COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC SV^T£M.)
Trains Ie»T«» nn«l nre «lne to nrrlte nt
WAX WKAUVtMVm.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
LBATB — From lon 25, 1839. — arrit»
7:O0\ Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento.... 5:45?
7:«Oa WarjßTillo, Oronlleacd Redding Tia
Woodland sslipl p
7:OOa Eltcira, VacaTillo and Uumsey. »s4op
7:;i«\ Marticez,S«ullamoa, Vallejo. Napa.
Callstcga and Santa Rosa 0:1 Up
8:00 a Atlantic Express, <)g«leu and Kast.. 0:43*
tn:tl>A San Jose. Livermore. Stockton,
loae Hacraiiifiito. Pl»wrTille,
MarysTille, Ctiico. lte.l ItlHir -lilSf
Bt:iO\ "Milton, Oakdale and 50n0ra....... 4:15p
8:30 a YosemUe Valley Tia Oikdale and
Chinesa 4 : 1 Sr
O:OOa H&r-^ard3. Nilt-a and Way Stations. 11:43*
«:00 a Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced an') Fresno 12:13r
UiOOa Fresno, ISalteralield. tjanta lUrlmra.
Los Aogsles. Demiug. El. Paso.
New Orleans end East 2 : 1? F
IO:OOa ValUjo, Martina and Way Stations . : ISP
1 1 :00 a Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. 2:43*
I2:OOm Niles, Liverracre. Stockton. Sacra-
;- mento, Mcndota, Hanford. VUalia,
PcrterrlUe *»«»»
•IrOOpaacraraentoltlTorSteniiiers **«oop
8:OOp Haywards, NOes and Way Stations. 0:43p
•*:««!• Martinez, Kau [Uinoti, ValleJ.i,
Nap*, Ualfstog*. HatiU Koaa 1»«13*
4 : OO Benicia. Vacavllle, Kacramonto,
Woodland. Kuigbts landing,
MaryßTillc. Ororllle 10:45*
4sSf»P Nile*, Kan Josonnd Stockton 7l i5 F
4:30p YoEemlto Sleepl"S Cm for lUymoul l^:l3p
S:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Kresno. llafcerj-
ficld, Sauzus for Santa Barbara,
Lcs Angeles. Oils*
5:30r Btocktor:, Merced, ftcrao 12:13p
ss:Mii» Mnrtinrz, Tracy, Hendota, I'reano.
Mcjavo nnd l.on Auceita Bt«4
3t3l»r Santa I'o Itunlo, Atlantic Kiiict-sa
for Moja»o mid l*a<it 0:13p
•iOOp Chicngo-San Franci£CoSpeciU,<>Kil«ii
and Hast R:!sp
G:OOp Haywards, Nilea and Ban .lose < : 1.». v
•6:00p Vallejo IS:IOp
7iUOr Oregon K«|il—S, Hsißf siinttto, Maryn-
Tllle. Redding, Portland, I'mfet
Sound and Mast 7:45*
JSrOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
* tlons tlO;*op
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
t7:43A BanU Cruz Excursion for Santa
Crux and rrindpal Way Stations {S:O3»
SilS a JTewark.OcnterTillf, Ban Joae, Felton,
Boulder Creek.SauU Ortiz and Way
Buttons .Ixsof
■StlSp Newark, ConterTllle, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Ilonlder l.'rrr-tf.
Santa Cruz and l'riucipal Way
Stations '10:30*
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20*
64:15p Felton, Santa Cruz ned Way £v-
tiODS /O:S<»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN 7RAECISCO— Foot of Mtrket Street .Clio 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11KXH.M. 1 1:30 *2:00 t3:C3
•i:00 13:03 *8:00r.M.
From 01IUBD— Foot of Bro«i*iT.—"fl:OO 8:00 10:00*. M.
1 12:00 »l:03 t3:CO 3:03 H:QO *S:00i-.u.
COAST lU VISION (Broad <iat:ge).
(Third and Towngend St.-<.)
•6:10 a Ocean Viow, South Man Fraucisco.. »t;:3Op
•7«0Oa flan Joso in.. l W.iy Btations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) S:O«A
17:30 a Sunday Fxctirsion for Santa) Cnz,
Puciflo GroTo and Principal Way
Stations t»:33p
•iOOa Han .lose, Tres Finos, Hantix Cruz,
Parillc (irove. Tano Itnl.lcs, Han
I.tiia Oliispo, Surf. Loruroc and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
lOiIO* SanJosßiind Way .SUtlona O:S3a
11:3Oa San J. iso and Way Stations l>3Op
*2:43p San MatPO, Kedwoo-1, Menlo Park,
PaTo Alto. Santa Clara. Nun .lone.
Uollister. Santa Cms, Salinas,
Monterey and raclfio Grovo »1O:80a
•Bi3op SanJoie. Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTo
and Principal Way Stations »7:30p
•4tlSp San Joaeand Principal Way .Stations «:43a
•3:OOpBan Jose and Principal Way Stations •8188*
3:30p .Togo and Principal Way Stations "0:00 a
6:: tOp San Joss and WayßtaMnus B:30p
♦ 11:45p Ban Jose mid Way Stations t7«3op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. J Sunday only. ♦ Saturday only.
»nd Sunday. /Suud Ay and Monday-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO. 1
ZjESSeh:
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.. 1
WEEK DATS 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.!
3:3'}, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:&0
and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:3 V
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
i WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:&0, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. 12:*3,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65' and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. in.; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
«:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen . Park
same schedule a» above.
Leave | Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
. — — — April 16,
Week I Sun- | 1899. Sun- Week
' Days. days. | Destination. days. Days.
i 7:30 am 8:00 am' Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
: 8:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma. ! 6:05 pm ; 10:25 am
: C:lopm 6:00 pm Santa K««a. 7:35 pm ; 6:20 pra
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 ant
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
] 8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 an
8:30 pm j 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am 10:23 am.
j 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
I 8:30 pm 6:20 pm,
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm, 5:00 pm 1 Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm { 6:20 pm
, 7:30 am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
. 8:30 pm 5:00 pm I 7:85 pm 6:20 pru
Stages connect at Ssnta Rosa for Mark West
1 6prln*B and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
. for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
i Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
' land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
! port and Bartlett Spring?; at I.'klah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
I Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upp^r Lake. Porno.
: Potter Valley, John Day'?. Riverside, Llerley's.
; Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle.
i Booneville. Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
! Navarro Whlteaboro. Albion. Little River,
1 Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum-
i mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
1 beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
i H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commenciu. April 2J. IW*. T T „-:
FKOM SAN HA.NCIaCU TO MILL \ALLh.X.
AND SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK UAYS-7:00. *SM. 9:30. 11:00 a. m..
*"l£oo tvi does not run to Fan Rafl Sundays.
«.« n i?*does not run to Mill Val'y bundays.
t irY-rRA 3O TRips' 3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
fc 8 m?i Dj iioM:aB: •sfioN^. •*■«>' 7: °°- io:u
*>?;.-, rnarned <•) run to San Quentin.
WHOM Mll-L VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
F WEEK DAYS— S:4S, «:60. 7:55, 8:55. 10:23
= m- 12 35 2 45, 4:56. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA 'TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
4SD U A r Y a s-i^. 7: «° :2^l0 m a. -.; »: 05 ,
t-M 1-40 *:66. S:SO. «:»>• 10:20 P. m.
y.n. ■•*«. f Trough tkains. .
TOO a. lv. weak 4«y»— Caiadero anil way sta rs.
• : J0 p. ml .-cazsdero and way sta'n..
I-IJS P m. week days .Saturdays excepted)—
. Point Reyes and way stations.
8-00 a. m Sundays— Ca=ndero and way sta ni.
1:45 pT m.' Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
~ !
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 25. 1899, trains will run as follows:
j ' South-bound. J North-bound.
; pansen- j Mixed. [Mixed. Passen-
ger. ! Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Dally. lExc'ptdf Exc'ptd Dally.
7-20 am 10:30 ami Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm
» : 10 am 1 2:05 pm| Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10-40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 i>m
11-38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am! 1:45 pm
i 2 : 25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am , 11:00 am
I 11:59 am.' 6:25 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:31 pm
I 12:15 pm| 6:5» pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:05 pin
! Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
' Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
, str««t. San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M. (f-, M W O2fi KEABNV fit. Kstabllshed
sMWaV^^si In 1834 for the treatment of Private
■ft Lf-j^BsW Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■■HMb disease wearing on body and mind and
i^yBsBBH Wk Skin Diseases, The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low,
iturninsronteed. Callorwritai
t 3>r. 4, £*• «*f BBONt Box lit 37, c>»u i-rtinclscu
910
GAGE IS NO
LONGER VEXED
BY CALLERS
Herrin Working for
Extra Session.
CAUCUS PLEDGES ARE SOUGHT
— • —
EIGHT DOLI-ARS A DAY FROM
STATE THE ATTRACTION.
Per Diem for an Indefinite Period
May Induce the Legislators
to Sig^i for Any
thing.
Governor Gage has pone south for
another Beason of meditation. During
fc:s recent sojourn In San Francisco he
was Tiot harassed by attention. Two
members of the Republican State Cen
tral Commit tee were asked to call at
the Palace Hotel and Bee him, but they
indicated plainly that they had no in
clination to Talk to him. Gage and
Burns will be separated for a brief Bea
son. The Mexican has gone to Shasta
Fprintrs, but his Senatorial strikers say
that he will go t" Catalina later on,
ijnil there meet his partner, G
The Mexican and <;ag<- have i>racti
cally excluded Major McLaughlin from
their confidential confi - The
major knows that he has been "turned
down," but he is not quite conscious of
the fact that the politicians know that
he is no longer on the Inside.
The work <>f recruiting for the extra
session is wholly in llerrin's depart-
Word is pi yon out that tiage
will issue the proclamation as soon as
IMirns gives the signal. Burns will
hoist the flag when Herrin reports that
the track is clear for the caucus, dram
4s again the obstacle in the path of the '
Lumors ■ >me rrorn the south
that Grant will be kept in the r
"his friends even if he fails to establish
headquarters at Sa<
Henin Is not reporting much .
In corralling members of the Leg
islature, but he knows that the attrac
of the pay roll wiil bring them
Lne in due time. The certainly of
< -ight dollars a day for an indefinite
will tempt a majority of the
sism for anything. At
:• was supposed that Gage would [
• ading
of the taxpay
y to support an extra. .«• -
but tl)-- G according to the di
the Mexican, has
i by the programme to
>rs. This opens a
for ] -enius. He can
hire men to work for the railroad and
he workers so hired on the pay
j ll of the State.
üblican i ■ Jommittee ;
■will : Lay evening of
this week. There con be no further
to speak of in the preparat
n plan of apportionment for themunici
nvention. The plan j
:i t i j-r to the primary j
later than next Saturday. Mr.
■h, chairman of the committee,
will probably name a member of the (
■ -to succeed J. M.
Chretien, who was recently appo
to the cxc utive body to represent the.
Assembly District. It is
that Chretien will retire from
the g< '■'• ithout forcing
the I ■ ■ the disagreeable duty
of expelling him.
-
HOSPITAL NEARLY REAJ>Y.
A Large Number of Medical Officers
Are to Be Rushed Off to the
Philippines.
The new general hospital will be turned
over to the medical officers to-morrow. It
Is about completed except for the finish
ing- touches. Colonel A. C. Girard will be
In command of the hospital. General
Fhaft. r has made the following detail of
officers for his assistants: Major W. S.
H. Matthews, executive officer; Captain
Henry A. Shaw, record and summary
court cfPcer; Captain James M. Kennedy,
asssistant executive officer, and First
Lieut* George A. Reed, quartermas
ter, commissary of subsistence and ord
nance officer.
Colonel Forwood, the chief surgeon of
the department, has been notified by the
"War Department that more surgeons are
Immediately needed in the Philippines.
They are to pro on the City of Para. Colo
nel ■ irwood will supply seven medical of
ficers from this department, while as
many mere will be rushed here from the
East in time to go on the City of Para.
The Tartan, which lias been chartered
by the Government as a transport, will
probably carry the Nineteenth Infantry.
She 's a larg-e vessel! and Is expected here
by next Monday.' The Tartan comes from
[Vancouver.
Free Fireworks.
There will be a erar.d free display of
fireworks at Glen Park this evening, un
der the auspices •■■'.' th< M I |< ration
•' Improvement Clubs, and arrangements
. en made by the Improvement clubs
:k open all day free of
charge.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce on the ground of <j P -
eertlon have been filed by W. T. Rlake'.y
■gainst Mrs. M. Blakely and "Waiter R.
Britton against Alice L». Britton.
See
Ttfisn Pearl Hlctanan and Irieh dances at
International Cakewalk Carnival, Me
chanics' Pavilion, July 15 to 22. •
DEFAULTER THORNTON
CAUGHT IN COLUMBUS
Postal Authorities Arrest
the Absconder.
CHIEF POSTAL, INSPECTOR
MUNRO received a telegram
yesterday from Deputy United
Marshal Farley of Columbus,
Ohio, announcing that he had arrested
Franklin W. Thornton, the abscond
ing stamp and register clerk of the
Pasadena Postofilce in this State.
Thornton absconded from Pasadena
on January 29 of this year. His ac
counts were examined and were found
to be $762 short. As soon as It was
discovered that he was a defaulter
circulars- containing the photograph
and a full description of the missing
man were sent to the United States
• Marshals throughout the United
States with a request for his arrest.
Deputy Marshal Farley got trace of
the man about a week ago and suc
ceeded in landing him yesterday." He
placed his prisoner in jail, and as soon
as the requisition papers are received
Thornton will be brought to Los An
geles for trial In the Federal court.
■ «•- •-. -wan. vrn*<«rici vrtai^iPtaV
BABY ALLIGATOR'S
NARROW ESCAPE
WEYLER LOSES A GOOD MEAL
WKYI^KR, the big alligator at the Chutes, attempted to make a
nipal off the young saurian who has been sharing his tank for the
last two months, yesterday afternoon, and but for the prompt in
terference of Ed Rabe, the Chutes electrician, the youngster
would now be among the missing. As It is he bears the marks of
the unequal combat in the shape of two long deep gashes on his
lack, together with numerous smaller wounds on various parts of
his body, made by the teeth of his heavy-weight antagonist.
Weyler, like his notorious namesake, is of an evil disposition and when
the baby 'gator was dumped into the tank a couple of months ago he waa
immediately given to understand that he was not a welcome guest. However,
Weyler did not at the time give, any evidence of cannibalistic designs and
Superintendent Kemp did not anticipate any danger to his young charge.
Alligators are notorious for eating their young in moments of abstraction,
but this seldom occurs after the younger members of the family have cut
their eye teeth. The young alligator, who has not yet attained the dignity of
a name, is about five feet long and weighs in the neighborhood of twenty-five
or thirty pounds, while Weyler is double his length and weighs nearly 600
Yesterday afternoon Weyler was in a particularly ugly mood and butted
his young companion around viciously at every opportunity. Finally as the
youngster was making a short cut across the narrow tank Weyler's great
jaws suddenly opened and closed with a snap and the horrified spectators saw
that the baby was held fast in his capacious maw. Manager Meyers was
notified and he immediately sent for Ed Rabe, who has had a great deal of ex
pi rience with animals of all kinds, from lions to monkeys. Rabe promptly
grabbed Weyler by the tail and dragged him from the pool. The big brute,
angered at such unlooked-for Interference, opened his mouth to repel the
attack, and his victim, taking advantage of the opportunity, struggled from
the death trap into the water.
As soon as he saw that the youngster was free, Rabe released his grip on
r's tail, and jumping across the pool quickly dragged the baby 'gator
out of the water before his enemy could get a fresh hold. The little fellow
iken to the "Zoo" and placed among the other babies of his kind. While
|y Injured, it is not thought that his injuries will prove fatal. Possibly
:■ will be in a more amiable mood after he digests the nice live pig
■: has been selected fur his supper to-night.
MUSCAT CHARGED
WITH MURDERING
HIS MISTRESS
Posed at the Inquest
as Persecuted.
HE WANTED TO REFORM HER
TRIED TO LEAVE HER, BUT SHE
WOULD NOT LET HIM GO.
She Slapped His Face Before the
Killing and He Lost Memory
of "What Happened
After That.
Edward Muscat, the slayer of Sophia B.
.! Sanchez, was charged with the crime
of murdf-r yesterday by the Coroner's
The evidence showed that Muscat |
deliberately shot the woman find attempt
': ed to send a bullet Into his own brain.
The story of the shooting was told hy
B!a"nk-n. the gr< cer, who was th^
! only eye-witness <>f the murder, and his
statement contradicts that of the defend- j
' ant on material points He said that
Muscat and Mrs Sam hez entered I Is gro
cery, at 501 Broadway, last Sunday and
', began quarreling between drinks. Muscat
le angry and left the grocery, re
turning In a little while, and the quarrel
was resumed. She did not care for Mus
cat and wanted to leave him, and in order
to end the bickering Blankcn advised
Muscat to let the woman go away, but
Muscat would not consent. He said that
mted to "make up" with her bo that
! she would continue to live with him.
While they wore talking in th<-> barroom
I Blanken stepped Inside the grocery count
er and heard two pistol shuts. He ran!
! Into the barroom and saw Muscat facing I
the woman, who was sinking down. Then
Muscat flred another— a third shot— and
tne deceased fell to the floor, [mmediate
lv Muscat pointed the pistil at his own
and fired and fell over on his b-ft
1 side Just as he snapped the pistol Blank
en caught him by the wrist and wrested
weapon from him.
The testimony of Pierre Casaville, land- ;
■ lord of the lodging house at 1300tf Stock
-1 t. .n street bore unfavorably upon the n<-
-1 cused Mr. < 'asaville said that ho had
been obliged to put Muscat out of the ;
house because he was disturbing the rest
, of the lodgers by his abuse of Mrs. San- ,
i chez when he was drunk. On several :
occasions sho was obliged to go down
Btaira and hide herself until Muscat went
But the most damaging part of Land
lord Casaville's story was that Muscat
on one of those occasions told him that
he would kill Mrs. Sanchez. One day,
! when Muscat was drunk, ho asked Casa
; vllle fnr a pistol, and gave as a reason
for wanting the weapon that he drank !
and gamb!*-d and needed a weapon to de
fend himself.
I Ry order of Coroner Hill, the cuffs were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
t;iken off the prisoner's wrists, Muscat
having said that he desired to make a
statement. lie told his story without
showing any emotion whatever, ami
bi • mcd to regard himself in the light of
an Injured man. He said that he met the
woman in Vallejo about six months ago.
At that time he had been Just discharged
from the steam, r Nero with Sll'tO in
money. ;um! since that time he had never
a stroke of work. She had been
disreputable life and he took
her out of it and supported her. About
four months ago they came to San Fran
cisco and took a room at I.WU Stockton
stre< t.
Several days before the shooting oc
curred the woman stole from his room
his watch, chain, diamonds and $82 In cash
and he Uft her. She showed a disposi
tion to return to the old life.
A:':, r he had left her he met her last
Saturday near Blanken'a grocery; and be
he would not consent to' live with
her again she tore his shirt and his neck
tie. In order to have peace, he took her
to a restaurant and paid for her dinner,
but sh-' quarreled again with him and he
left the place.
(>n Sunday forenoon he met her in
ten's grocery and she slapped his
face and called him vile names. Up be
gan drinking heavily and did not remem
ber what li-iii happened up to the time
the policeman had him tinder arrest.
The jury returned a verdict accusing
Muscat of murder. The prisoner ap
: in Judge Mogan's court In the
oon, and his preliminary examina
tion was continued until next Saturday.
COURSING MEN HAPPY.
Supervisora»Pass the Order Allowing
Poolselling.
The Board of Supervisors has finally
I the ordinance permitting the
coursing p^rk in this city to resume op
erations. The ordinance provides that
owners or stockholders of coursing parks
shall he permittfd to sell pools on cours
ing niii'clics sixty days In the year. This
will permit the park to he opened every
Sunday and on all holidays. There was
no opposition whatever to the final pass
age of the ordinance.
Byington of the Finance Committee
filed a report charging Attridgp and Col
lins with surreptitiously slipping: through
a hill blowing John H. Durst $354 23 for
legal services after It had been rejected.
i'"l!i!is denied the charge and the ob
jectionable language was stricken out.
Holland Of the Public Buildings Com
mittee introduced a resolution, which was
passed, appropriating $jOuO for improving
the smallpox hospital.
Kalben offered a resolution appro
priating $350,000 for the street light fund.
It was referred to the Finance Committee.
The Assessor was authorized to add to
the assessment roll from time to time all
property found to have escaped taxation
for 1898-99.
A resolution was adopted authorizing
the employment of twelve clerks at ii's
each to assist the board while it had un
der consideration the. assessment roll.
The following were appointed: W. 1).
Smith, Gus Videau, Felix Gambert. C.
Macdonald, J. B. Mulcahy, Al. Wagnc-r,
\V. M. Edgar, C. J. O'Oonnell, John
White, Robert Ryder, Charles Parent. Ed.
Sohullz, Milton Choynskl, Joseph Ford, A.
Conn ?nd John Boyle.
Perrault moved to allow the Mayor to
have the appointment of a clerk, but he
declined with thanks.
The beard Indefinitely postponed the
proposed order making it. compulsory for
sidewalk elevators to be supplied with au
tomatic appliances for raising the doors
ii; sidewalks.
Paul Edwards was appointed to pur
and d. -liver supplies to the. inmau-s
of the Pesthou.se at a salary of $5 a day,
to Berve at the pleasure of the board.
The resolution authorizing the Fire De
partment to purchase a combination
chemical engine and hook and ladder
truck at a cost of fciSTo was withdrawn
owing to the reduced allowance to the de
partment.
The Treasurer was directed to transfer
to the general fund $133 So. the unexpend
ed balance in the City Hall sinking and
Interest fund.
The expert of the board was directed
to Investigate the books of the Sutro
Hallway Company to verify the cora
pany's report that Its receipts for the year
amounted to $4n,553.
The Observatory Athletic Club was
granted a free license to hold monthly
amateur boxing exhibitions.
The Finance Committee was Instructed
to provide in the tax levy $3000 as a com
promise settlement of the judgment of
John 11. Sievers for $4250 as damages to
his property at Chestnut street and Van
N<ss avenue.
Bateman Bros, were allowed a progres
sive <-st!matt of $1»!7.60ti 25 on their con
tract for constructing the Hall of Justice-
The balance still due Is $56.y93 75. C. E.
Grunsky and Maryden Maneon were al
lowed $1500 each, being the first payment
for services as members of the Sewer
Commission.
The resolution authorizing the payment
of $4H40 for a new tire engine was passed
to print.
PETITIONS REFERRED.
The following petitions were received
and referred to the proper committees:
Flinn & Treacy, to pave with cobblea and
build sewer In Thirteenth street, between Al
jjlue and Castro; property owners, for straight
eulnK of Brannan street, between Ninth and
Tenth; same, for passage or order establishing
grade of Sanchez and Twenty-first streets, at
an elevation of 340 feet above base; game, to
extend Grove street from Central avenue to
Cole street; same, for acceptance of those
streets laid out by decree of the Superior Court
In the matter of Woodward vs. Raum; A.
I Chichirola, for permission to withdraw protest
against establishment of Chinese hospital: Pre
clta Valley Improvemnt Club, for construction
of two storm-water Inlets in southerly termina
tion of Treat avenue; R. Shepston, for non
shuttlng off of water supply in Prentice street,
near Cortland avenue, after midnight; Paulist
fathers, for granting of a franchise for a rail
road on Grant avenue and Bush street; prop
erty owners, for artificial stone sidewalks on
Locust avenue, between Washington and Jack
son; Louise A. Sorbler, to have her name
stricken from delinquent poll-tax roll of 18S8;
property owners, for closing of Olive avenue,
between Franklin and Octavla streets, as- pub
lic thoroughfare; J. A. Johnson, for reduction
of 'assessment on a lot at the northeast corner
of Twelfth and Point Lobos avenues: W. T.
Lourp and Frank Brothers, for permission to
withdraw from protest against establishment
of Chinese hospital; Charles Brown, for refund
ing of $21 4S. amount erroneously paid on real
estate assessment of 1898; Western Improve
ment Club, for removal of one gas lamp from
Clay street, between Lyon and Central avenue,
one from Masonic avenue and Page street, two
from California street, between Gough and Oc
tavia, and one or two from California and Lyon
streets; property owners, for repaying of
Stockton street, between Greenwich and Union,
with basalt blocks; Joseph Scheerer, requesting
that the chief engineer be directed to deliver
to him remainder of building material on hos
pital lot on Francisco and Stockton streets,
purchased by him at public auction; merchants,
to have streets near Kearny and Market
streets sprinkled: property owners, for bitumen
sidewalks on Sanchez street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received
and referred to the proper committees:
Property owners, against acceptance of pav
ing, etc., on crossing of Hayes street and Ma
sonic avenue; citizens and taxpayers, against
extension of pound limits to Ocean View; John
J. Brady, against laying of artificial stone side
walks on Laguna street, between Ellis and
O'Farrell and on O'Farrell, between Laguna
and Buchanan; property owners, against lay-
I ing of artificial stone sidewalks on Filbert
j street, between Jones and Roach; same, against
artificial stone sidewalks on Page street, be
tween Fillmore and Stelner streets; G. 11.
Richard, against paving of Thirtenth street,
between Scott and Devisadero; same, against
! regrading and remacadamizing of crossing of
j Clement street and Twenty-second avenue..
COMMUNICATIONS RECEIVED.
The following communications were re
ceived and referred:-
Merchants' Association, submitting result of
conferences with representatives of various
companies using overhead wires, with a draft
I of an ordinance placing electric wires and
I conductors underground; also a communication
i from said companies and corporations approv
j Ing said order; St. Mary's Square Association, j
: acknowledging action of the board in approving I
: application for an appropriation of $120,000 for
| acquisition of a site for St. Mary's Square; I
I secretary of the Merchants' Association, ad vis- j
; Ing that schedule of Fire Department supplies |
| will be submitted to president and board of j
[ directors, etc.; Fourth of July Committee, In-
I viting the board to assist in celebration of
■ one hundred and twenty-third anniversary of
the Declaration of Independence.
ORDERING STREET WORK.
Resolutions were passed ordering the
performance- of street work as follows:
Granite curbs on Fourteenth street, between
Dolores and Market, where not already laid, and
roadway thereof to be paved with bitumen where I
not already paved, etc. ; artificial stone side
walks on Fifteenth street, between Noe and !
Castro, where not already laid, etc.; artificial
Stone sidewalks on Noe street, between Henry ;
and Sixteenth, where not already laid, etc.; j
artificial stone sidewalks on southerly side of
Pine street, between Franklin and Gough
streets, where not already laid, etc.; artificial i
stone sidewalks on Collingwood street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, where not already
laid, etc.; artificial stone sidewalks on Ash
bury street, between Waller and Frederick, j
where not already laid, etc.; grading crossing
of Bennlngton and Newman streets to official
line and grade with eight-Inch Ironstone pipe
sewer in southerly, westerly and northerly
portions of said crossing, a ten-inch Ironstone
pipe sewer with manhole in easterly portion, j
cesspools, culverts, granite curbs and plank j
sidewalks on northwesterly and southwesterly
corners, granite curbs and plank sidewalks on
southeasterly and northeasterly corners, road
way of crossing to be macadamized; crossing of
Bennington and Ellert streets be graded to of
ficial line and grade, with eight-Inch ironstone
pip« sewer in southerly portion of said cross- j
Ing, a ten-Inch ironstone pipe sewer In west
erly and northerly portions, twelve-inch Iron
stone pipe sewer in easterly portion, with
manhole and cover in center of said crossing,
cesspools, culverts, etc., at the various cor
ners and the roadway of the crossing macad
amized; twelve-Inch ironstone pipe sewer in ,
northerly portion of the crossing of Cortland j
avenue and Bennington street, ten-inch iron
stone pipe sewer in southerly portion, cess
pools, culverts, etc., at the angular corners; j
eighteen-incfa Ironstone pipe sewer with two ■
manholes in Castro street, between Twenty- i
sixth and Army, to connect with sewer in
Twenty-sixth street; artificial stone sidewalks
on northerly side of Broadway, between Fill
more and Sff>!ner Streets, where not already
laid, etc.; same on Colllngwood street, between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, where not al- j
ready laid, etc.; same-on Seventeenth street, be
tween Noe and Snnchez. where not already laid,
etc. ; same on Devisadero street, between Val
lejr> and Green, where not already laid, etc.;
granite curbs on Central avenue, between Ful
ton and McAllister streets, where not already
laid, the roadway thereof to be paved with .
bituminous rock.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Resolutions were passed authorizing- tho
performance of the following street work
by private contract:
I, street, between Ninth and Tenth avenue?,
grading, at IS cents per cubic yard, and mac
adamizing and curbing, at 75 cents per front
foot, Dennison Contracting Company; Burritt
between Stockton and Powell, paving
with bituminous rock, at 23 cents ]»-r square
foot, and granite curbs, at 96 cents per lineal
fo it ■'. I. 1 "owling .\ I •<■.
Resolutions were passed directing the Super
intendent of Btreets to enter into a contract
with the Pnn Francisco Paving Company for
the construction of a bituminous rock sidewalk
In front of the city property on Thirteenth
street, between Church and Sanchez, at a rate
not to exceed •'■';. o-ms per S'luarc foot; aIRO to
contract with the Union Paving and Contract-
Ing Company to pave with bituminous rock and
lay Rranite curbs In front of an engine l"t on
Waller street, betw-en Octavla and Laguna, at
a cost not to exceed $200.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION.
Resolutions declaring Intention to order
street work as follows wore passed:
Brosnan street. Valencia to Guerrero, stone
sidewalks; Pore, Bryant to Brannan, granite '
curbs, bitumen, roadway; San Bruno avenue.
Fifteenth to Channel, grading; San Bruno ave
nue. Fifteenth to Alameda. twelve-inch pipe
sewer; San Bruno avenue and Alameda cross-
Ing, sewers, culverts and cesspools; San Bruno I
avenue, Alameda to Division, twelve-inch sew
er; Page. Fillmore to Stelner, stone sidewalks;
Eddy, Franklin to Gough, stone sidewalks;
Pine, Octavia to Lacuna, stone sidewalks; ■
Spruce street, from Clay to Washington, arti
ficial stone sidewalks, where not already land,
etc.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recom
mended the performance of street work
as follows:
Granite curbs on Shrnder street, between
Waller and Frederick, where not already laid,
roadway thereof to be paved with bituminous
rock, where not already laid; irranlte curbs on
Washington street, between Laurel and Locust,
where not already laid, roadway thereof to be j
paved with bituminous rock: artificial stone
sidewalk on east side of Fillmore street, be
tween Halght and Waller, where not already j
laid, etc..
Artificial stone sidewalks on south Fide of '
HiUght street, between Fillmore and Stelner, i
■where not already laid, etc. ; plank side- j
walks on west side of Fifth avenue, be
tween Clement street and California south,
Where not already laid, etc.; artificial stone
sidewalk on Willow avenue, between Franklin i
and Cough streets, where not already laid. etc.
RECOMMENDED FOR ACCEPTANCE.
The Superintendent of Streets recom
mended the full acceptance of the fol
lowing streets:
Laurel street, from Jackson to Washington, !
basalt and bitumen; Alabama street, from
Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth, bitumen work
on both streets having: been performed by the
City Street Improvement Company by private
contract.
EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED.
The Superintendent of Streets recom
mended extensions of time for the comple
tion of contracts as follows:
Warren & Malley, ninety days on contract '
to macadamize, etc.. Stelner street, between
Chestnut and Francisco; same, ninety days on
contract to macadamize, etc.. Pierce street, be
tween Chestnut and Francisco.
__•m • ' .
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
PUBLIC INSTALLATIONS.
A Rebekah Lodge and a Circle of
Companions of the Forest
Obligate New Officers.
Last night the officers of Loyal Re- I
bekah Lodpre, I. O. O. F., were Installed j
with all the beautiful ceremonies that i
made the Induction into office in that or- j
der a pleasure to those who are to fill the .
chairs as well as to the onlookers. There '
were present a large number of members
of the order and friends of the members. >
The new officers are: Miss Matilda Annie
Braver, past noble grand; Miss Ruby-
Jewell, noble grand; Miss Margery Jen
nings, vice grand; Miss Florence Linehan,
chaplain; Mrs. J. H. Simpson, warden;
Miss Emma Braver, recording 1 secretary:
Miss Jennie Wright, conductor: Miss
Margaret Bell, right supporter, and Mrs.
M. McCollister. left supporter to the noble
grand; Mrs. Thirza Crossman, right sup
porter, and Mrs. Carrie McAllister, left j
supporter to the vice grand.
The Installing officer was Mrs. Hattie I
F. Duley, and her marshal was Mrs. Cora
Corbett. Alter the ceremony S. R, Ja- 1
cobs, on behalf of the lodge, prwented
a t eautiful collar to Miss Braver, the re
tiring noble grand, and Past Grand Mas
ter Simpson then, also on behalf of the
lodge, presented Miss Florence Llnehan
with a beautiful jewel, consisting of three
links, representing friendship, love and
truth, from which is suspended a five
pointed star on which is a diamond cres
cent and a number of rubies. A death
having occurred in the lodge— the first
sinoe its institution— festivities which had
been arranged for were postponed.
There were a large number of people
in the hall of Sherwood Circle of the
Companions of the Forest in Foresters'
building last night at the public installa
tion of the officers by Deputy Miss Tlllie
Meyers, assisted by Mrs. R. P. Gale as
grand herald. The hall was very taste
fully decorated with flags, bunting and
flowers. The new officers are: Chief
companion. Mrs. M. A. O'Brien; sub-chief.
Mrs. K. Hart; financial secretary, Mrs.
K. M. Howard; recording secretary. Mrs.
Effle Furgpson; right guide, Miss Minnie
Slopke; left guide, Mrs. F. Goodman; in
ner guard, H. Wessels; outer guard, Miss
K. Bridgewood; organist, Mrs. G. West
over; physician. Dr. Hawkins. Dancing
till midnight followed the ceremonies and
then there was a collation.
■■ m ■
Furniture, pianos and freight moved. Sig
nal Transfer Co . 530 Jones: tel. Butter «L
j WACHENDORF GETS MORPHINE
Smuggled Into Him in Prison by-
Some Unknown Person.
Dr. C. C. J. "Wachendorf Is determined
that the walls of the City Prison will ng*
prevent him getting a supply of morphine
to inject into his veins. Detectives Egan
and Silvey visited him yesterday morning
and were struck by his bright appear
ance. They suspected something was
\vr. ng and searched him. They were sur
prised to find in his pockets a small bot
tle of morphine, some of which had been
used. All their questioning could not get
out of him where or how he got it.
Dr. Rice of the Receiving Hospital has
been giving him an occasional injection
and has been reducing the quantity daily.
Wachendorf wanted more, but the doctor
refused, and he took other means to get
it. The detectives were unable to find a
needle on him.
Detectives Egan and Silvey are gradu
ally completing the chain of evidence
against Dr. Wachendorf. Yesterday they
ascertained that several days before the
alleged murder Wachendurf visited a
pawnshop kept by a man named Coleman
at 1306 Market street and producing a
gold-tilled watch asked him how much It
was worth. Suspecting that he had stolen
it, the pawnbroker refused to buy the
timepiece. Waehendorf then claimed that
t)i>^ watch was his own. and instructed
<■■>!< man to repair It, as it was out of
order.
(Mi learning that "U'achendorf was ac
cused of the murder of Kehlenbeck the
pawnbroker yesterday visited police head
quarters andetmned the watch over to
Silvpy and Egan. They subsequently con
i fronted Wachendorf with the timepiece
1 and asked him if it belonged to him. After
; considerable questioning they finally
: gained from him that he had received the
; timepiece frnni a friend, whose name he
refused to divulge.
The detectives have two responsible wit
, nesses who are willing to swear that the
watch was the property of Kf.-hlenbc-i'k.
I They will be produced when the prelim
: mary examination is held In the Police
i Court. The prison officials are determined
to thwart any attempt on the part of the
i accused doctor to lommit suicide. Captain
j Seymour has placed a trusty In front of
■ his cell with instructions to keep a strict
I watch on the prisoner.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL
E M Lemoore, S Jose !J S Brant. San Jose
H Wilson, Chico IE It Anthony. Jackson
0 Buckner, Santa UosajJ P Smith, Los Ang
W Tarpie, Holbrook IE M Clark, Reno
E Connolly New York J Fridas ft w, Martnz
H Bush, Blanco J A Johnson & w. 11l
i; Douglass, Stockton H F Page, Chicago
A Smith, Fresno C McPherson. Stockton
G I) Stuart, Madera M McGrath, Sacto
X W Willard, Uktah C Kimball, Lemort
S E Ballard, Sta Ko»a
■PALACE HOTEL.
W .T Pommer Jr, Sacto G M Hunter, S Rafael
A L-ivrs. IT S A ! Mrs Hunter ? Rafael
J Fairchlld, L, An* H E Hyde, Visalia
F \\ Grund, Chicago I' Johnson, Madera
i' s Short, Fresno jlt McCormick, Cal
D H King, Oakland Mrs McCormick. Cal
Mrs King, Oakland H A Cohen, N V
T Schwan, USA <; A Kilmer, X V
C II impktns, USA IT Richardson, Engld
II Durrell, Ohio IE T Wallace, Yreka
Miss Dodge, Chicago Mrs Stern. Germany
T X Miller. Pa , W Bode, Germany
Mrs T X Miller, Pa C J Titus, Sacto
F II Good, England Mrs C J Titus, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL..
H H Evens & w, S Rsa'A 9 Hewetson. Rlversd
A E Pond. Chgo Miss Hewetson, Riven
Mary E Rowan, Ind H B Boyd, Canada
Maude E Burke, in.l G L Cobb, Canada
L\v Harris, London .J II Wilson. Denver
A i: Baker, London jW B Hood, S Rosa
X s Carman, S Jose Mrs L Farrer. s Jose
W H Heywood, Cal JMifs C Edwards. 3 Jse
G i. Cabb, OuernevlHe iW McMullen. Boston
J C Slater. Sacto it B Wheeler. Pasadna
R Bancroft, Sacto H W Sherk, Pasadena
F Pelkey. Novato |W I Richardson, N^br
Mrs W G Jewell. Cal iK White, Chgo
V. M West ft w. Pa li II Evans & w, Chgo
A Pennington. Ukiah W S Cole, Kans
M Davis, Cal ' ID A Conolly, Keswlck
11 M Andrews, Chgo F Pratte, Cal
II II Coffman, Chgo M Biggs Jr. Oroville
II W Lewis. Wls <; W Harney & w, Cal
C S Pearce. Wis ( O L Cobb. Guernevllle
\v C Waters & w, Cal A Dick. Rossland
Miss Shaw. Bpreckels H Mcßae, Roesland
Miss Waters, Spreckels B >ia\ini(cartner, S Jose
H Waters. Spreckels F Delport. San Jose
Miss L Haygard, N>br J H Trayner. Marysvll
Miss A Howland, Nebr F H I>oyle, M V
Miss B Troll. St Louis C C Basche. Me-nlo Pk
Miss A A Dunn, Mo 1, Brausan. X V
s C Dunn, Mo |F Dunne. Berkeley
Mrs D II Olive & d. Mrs J A Harce. Cal
Indianapolis Mix a Swensson, Sacto
C t Harrison &.w. Mo Miss X Swinford. Cal
Mrs F H Robinson & X G Raaf, Crockett
son. Illinois J .T Thompson. Salinas
Mrs G M Clayton. Chgo C S Pierce, Salinas
A [sbell, w& c. 11l I R Hebbron, Salinas
Mrs P A Phelpa & d, Mrs G M Claxton, 111 a
Illinois I' H Robinson, 111
J Cunningham, Cal J B Robinson. Sacto
W i: Crosby & w, N T;J V Luce & w, Benicia
B W Morgan. Cal Mi> \V Stephens & d,
M T Heavey, Cal Redding
j J Conlon, Cal Dr L P Hall, nixon
j Hewetson, Riverside H B Abbott. La
John Hetvetson. Rivrsd J D Parish, Uklah
—
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
■RT'PIN'ESS OFFICE of the Pnn Fnind^o
Call, corner of Market and Third sttvets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery ftreet.
corner flay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
2«7 Hayes ptr°(»t; open until 9:30 o'clock.
UcAlllster street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until !>:3O o'clock.
T<4l Mission street; open until l f i o'clock.
22R1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until !' o'clock,
100 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2.-.28 Mission Street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky strr'-ts: open until fr o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M., ■
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- Jl
ING July 4. at 7:30 o'clock— Stated jS2T
meeting. By order of the H. P. r^r
FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _^V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 7%.J\
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. 'V'
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., a
121 Eddy street— Stated meeting THIS Jk
EVENING. S o'clock. V\f
GEO PENLINGTON. Secretary. f^r^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. a
Stated meeting THIS (TUES- J\
DAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock. j£3?
a. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /^r^ 1
ANCIENT" Order Hibernians, atten- i t=4 »vs
tlon— Presidents are hereby notified to TJv\)» :
call out their divisions for the an- » >jf
nual picnic and excursion at Schuet-?£«vjn«
zen Park. San Rafael, TI'KSDA Y. '&WP
July 4, 1899. Games of all descriptions; danc-
ing in' the pavilion all day: Irish jig and reel
dancing; patriotic exercises: oration by Hon.
Franklin K. Lane; tickets, 50c adults, 25c chil-
dren, including admission to the park: boats
leave at 9 and 11 a. m., 12:35, 2 and 3:30 p. m.
P. J. McCORMICK. County President.
SHELL Mound Park, Berkeley, vy& >r.
TUESDAY, July 4, lspjt. seven- 3. \MUj
teenth grand annual gathering and AYr-
games of the San Francisco Scot- ' < *i^»
tish Thistle Club. A gala day of Scottish
and other sports: introduction of new feat-
ures; monster attraction; greatest event of
the season; $3000 In cash prize.*; elegant and
costly medals for amateur events; games open
to all comers: phenomenal exhibition of
strength by leading athletes of the world,
groat mile race and vaulting contest by mem-
bers of the P. A. A. of the A. A. U. of U.
S. ; exciting bicycles races for men: foot
races for men, women and children; pic-
turesque exhibitions of English. Irish and
Scotch dancing; amusing obstruction, three-
legged and sack races; great cake walk con-
test; dancing in both pavilions day and night;
music by Bennett's band: corps of Highland
pipers, and Professor McCarthy, the dis-
tinguished Irish piper; patriotic display of
fireworks at night; parties In Highland cos-
tume. United States soldiers and sailors ad-
mitted free. Admission— Day, adults 50 cents;
children 25 cents. Night, adults 25 cent*;
children 10 cents. Buy your tickets for Shell
Mound. JOHN ROSS, Royal Chief. -
GEORGE W. PATERSOX, Recorder. U7-
MEETi: MOTlCES— ContlnaejL
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O.
F.— The officers and the f """~ !1 '
j- committee of the above-named
lodge are hereby notified to as-
semble at Odd Fellows' Hall. cor. Market and
Seventh streets, on TUESDAY. July 4, at 1
p. m., for the purpose of attending the fun-
eral of our late brother. ERN RIESE. -By
I order CHAS. QUAST, Fin. Sec.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company. No.
321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.. on
TUESDAY, the 18th day of .luly, 1899. at the
hour of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACK. IE. Ser:,-tary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
100 AMERICANS wanted to form the nucleus
of a society for the preservation of American
individuality and manhood. If you don't
•want your city controlled by organized brig-
ands address box 4626. Call_office :
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby give notice that they have pd-
mltted Into the orphanage from January 1. 1899.
to June 30, 1599 the following named orphans
and half-orphans, boys and girla: Morris
Harris. 9 yrs. 7 mos. ; Ceeile Daniels. 12 yrs. 2
mos.; Sarah Lowensteln. 9 yrs. 9 mos.; Bessie
Eilverman. 8 yrs. 7 mos. ; Elkan Gross. 0 yrs.
8 m 06 .: Berthold Rankln. 11 yrs. 11 tc.0%. ;
Nellie Baekel. 11 yrs. 9 mos.; Sarah BUine.
10 yrs. 6 mos.; Bertha Wolff. 11 yrs. 8 m js. ;
Alexander Meyer, 11 yrs. 7 mos.: Benjamin
Harris, 11 yrs. 10 mos.; Joseph Lowensteln. 5
yrs. 7 mos. ; Fannie Sllverman. 5 yrs. S mos. ;
Sleg. Gross. 4 yrs. 2 mos. ; Richard Slttig. 6
yrs. 4 mos. ; Philip Baekel. 6 yrs. 2 mos. ; An-
nie Bla!ne. 8 yrs. 9 mos.; Milton Wolff. 10
yrs. 4 mos.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum, from January 1. IS9S, to July
1. 1899: Antone age 3 yrs.; Joseph
Baraco, age 4 yrs.: Josie Truman, age 4 yrs.:
Annie Tiurr.an, age 3 yrs.; Nellie Shakespeare,
age 5 yrs. ; Maggie Shakespeare, age 4 yrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 <30 cents
per rhare), of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st., on and after MON-
DAY, July 10. 1899. Transfer books will close
on MONDAY, July 3. IS'.O, at 3 o'clock p. m.
X 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 5 of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company. 327
Market St., on and after MONDAY, Jul y 10 >
1539. Transfer books will close on MONDAY,
July 3, 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank
of San Francisco. 33 Post st. — For the half
y»ar ending June 30. 1899, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 3 and six-tenths
(3.6) per cent per annum on all deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Saturday,
July 1, 1899. GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
I DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery ft.. Mills building— For lh» half
year ending June 30, 1899, dividends on term
deposits at the rate of three and six-tenths
(3 6-10) per cent per annum and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of three <3) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on and
after July 1. 1899.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
OFFICE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones
sts.. San Francisco, June 23. 1899— At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this society, held THIS DAY. a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum on all
deposits for the Blx months ending June 30,
1599, fn*e from all taxes, and payable on and
after July 1. 1599.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Savings and Loan So-
cifty, 101 Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter.
The board of directors derlared a dividend
for the half year ending June SO. 1899. at the
rate of three and eightj--four one hundredth?
(3. 64) per cent per annum on term deposits
and three and twenty hundredths f3.20) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, frep of
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday,
July 1, 1899. DUldends not tailed for are
added to and bear the «amc rate of divi-
dend as the principal from and after July 1,
l>-rip. CYRUS W. CARMANT, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— The Continental Building
and Loan Association of California, 222 San-
forr.e St.. has declared for the six month«
ending June 30, 1599, a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits. 7 per
cent on one-year term dpposits. 10 p«r eat
to class "F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM. CORBIN. Secretary.
HUMROLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary «t.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: 4 per cent
per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1. IMS
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAFANESE-CHTNESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St. ; tel. Grant 56.
OKFHKL'M Employment ornce— Japanese. <_hl-
SITUATIONS WANTED XX.VALE.
WOMAN with a child desires situation, city or
country. MIPS CUIAEN, 3SS Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS cook d**plres situation; under-
stands German and French cooking: best ref.;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 32G Sutter
NEAT second girl de?ire<= situation; good ref-
erences. Miss CULLEN. JJS Sutter s^
TWO young girls (sisters) would like a goo-'
home with an Irish i'atholic family; one
would do light housework, no washing or
cooking; the other would help In return for
the privilege of going to school for one year;
object more for a good horn« tban wages.
Box 4916. Call.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation as stenographer
and typewriter. Address 255 Clara st.
YOUNG American girl to do housework. Call
or address 235 Clara st. *
WANTED— Position as nurse girl; willing to
travel. 21* Hickory ave^
COMPETENT 1 10k wishes position; city or
country, hotel or boarding house. 267 Stev-
enson st.
NTS \T girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist ill housework and children. Cal! 2120
Lombard Bt, near Flllmore; i-ail 2 days.
FIRST CLASS cook (colored woman) wants
cooking by the day. especially for parties.
Call or address Cook, MM Baker st^
WOMAN wouM like plain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission Ft., room 1
WOMAN wishes work by the day, houseclean-
Ing. washing or Ironing; handy with sewing.
18 Valley st.
GERMAN woman wants a place In lunch-
houee or restaurant. Please call or address
TOH ( 'lementtna st.
GIRL wants a rlace In Oakland to do light
1. lusewi rk; $10 month. Address MIPS CRA-
MER, 2.C Sixth st^
WANTED Sewing and mending to do at
home. Call at 150 Fourth st^
WAITRESS wanted in restaurant. 113 Turk j
street. !
REFINED Pr tt-stant woman to take full
charge of and teach 3 children; also music;
country town; salary ?25; references. Address
box 4908. Call office.
WOMAN with a baby wishes work: good cook;
City or country. 10558 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED hands on waist? and wrap-
pers. NEWBAUER BROS., IS First st.
COMPETENT w..man wishes work by the day; '
first-class laundress; make herself generally
useful; best references given. Call at 120 '
Wildey Ft., near Stelner, bet. Hush and Pine, i
NEAT woman wishes a place to assist in
housework or upstairs work! more for good
home with nice people than wages. 946 Harrl-
rlson st.
REFINED young French lady wishes situation j
In a nice American family, teaching children !
or light chamber work; good home preferred j
than big wages Box 4932. Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseclean-
lng washing or Ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission St.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25e to Jl 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4V O'Farrell st. ; tel. Eaßt 424.
MARRIED man would like to take charge of
vineyard, winery or distillery; wife as house-
keeper If desired. Box 4.19. Call.
COMPETENT man wishes position as coach-
man, gardener or any position around private
place; references. Box 4915. Call.
YOUNG man, steady habits, wishes position
with family In country; work about place;
understands care horses, cows, etc. Addrets
2530 Gough st.
YOUNG man wishes situation In a hotel or
restaurant as third cook. Address 1020 Market.
TO boss bakers— Situation wanted by foreman
on bread and cake. Address Box 4922, Call.
YOUNG man wants work; can handle horses
milk and do general work. A., Box 4921. Call.
CHINESE, experienced, first-class cook, meat
and pastry, wishes position In private family.
boarding house or hotel; good reference-
- satisfaction. CHARLEY WHITMAN, 906
Clay st. ■»
SITUATIONS wAN^rE^pj—C^n^lnned^
WANTED— Position to run a harvester R °x
header : have had I IS years' experience. Box
41.29, Call. — -^^^=
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
■ ™£P^dSskS*& fs,g.r"-'
maids and waitresses, city. IS. *-« ana *io.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutterjt.
WORKING Housekeeper, springs, $12; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS Trinity County. $20; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Slitter st.
WOMAN with a child; housework, country; 8 , e9
party here 9 o'clock Monday. MISS CLL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. .
"C. R HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
WE WANT TO-DAY.
60 waitresses. $25 and $20; 10 fancy Sonera. $25
to $35; great many girls for cooking ana
housework, city and country, $la to $.o.
C. R. HANsi-.N & CO.. 104 Geary ■*.
WOMAN to do chamberwork and general clean-
ing, etc.. country resort. $20; fare paid.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2107
San Jose aye.. Alameda.
GIRL 17 years to assist with light housework;
$10; good home. 3837 Seventeenth st.
EXPERIENCED operators on spring-bottom
pants and overalls. 410 M; Mission, top floor-
WANTED— Young girl to assist waiting at
table. 6SO Fourth St.
WOMAN for housework and care baby. Call
for 2 days at 4104 Tehama st. _
YOUNG girl to do upstairs work; wages $15.
Apply 1230 Ellis St., near Octavla.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses pajd, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. CaJl-
fornla Orange Syrvp Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
NEAT girl for housework and plain cooking;
German preferred. 20 Camp St.. nr. Guerrero.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trad*
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leaven worth.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. uZo Marlcet^
OPERATORS on overalls. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32 Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trado
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. 606 Leavenwortn.
HELP WANTED—
THREE cooks, $40, $30 and $20 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
come unto MURW & RE ADT.^.jy.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
ALL YE THAT LABOR AND \\E WILL
GIVE YOU WORK AT BIG V. AGES
96 laborers, no experience required, fare sue
and 60c.....' wages $75. $60 per month
24 four-horse teamsters .$60... . •-••••••
129 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California.. s3o, $26 and *25 and found
3 '. milkerS :. different * OOd . .'?*»/ 'Hi and Vound
19 choremen and boys .••i""'j
$30, $26, $25, $2., $1;. and found
Private family man Shoemakers
WAREHOUSE MEN ............
25 strong men (see boss at our office). $2 aO day
125 hay and harvest men - : •••■ ■
.$2 50 $2, $1 50 and $1 25 and found
MACHINE P.LACKSMn-H.... CARPENTER*.
Machine blacksmith, steady job fi aaj
3 carpenters, sawmill companies... ••••••••••••:
Pat tern-maker.. Stonemasons.. Mill bench nana
......BLACKSMITHS BUTCHERS .....
19 blacksmitns, horseahoers, all parts of Cali-
fornia. $2 50, 12 day. $55. $40 and found
3 butchers, different good steady Jobs
MARRIED :•••;;••
6 farmers and wives, also gardener and wife.
$35 and $40 and found: exceptional good jobs..
......ENGINEERS AND FIREMEN ....
Engineer, hoisting engine, references ..s3 day
3 firemen for mines, etc $3u and found
12 MINES 12 MINES 12 MINES
IS4 laborers. Inside, outside work, no experi-
ence required. $60, $50, $40, $30 and found....
6 gold miners 4 coal miners
.STABLEMEN.. MILK WAGON DRIVERS..
26 laborers, manufacturing company •
$36 and found
'.".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' FRUIT PICKERS
i STREET RAILROAD HELP .:.....
MURRAY & RKAIA,
'.'.!'.'.'.".".'.!.".".'."".' 634-636 Clay st.
FREE " TO BEAUTIFUL MENDOCINO CO.
126 laborers for 6 large sawmill companies,
wages $26 and found and Increase; no experi-
ence required; anybody will suit; that
- aiis :::::::-also v:::::::::::::::: .
laborers and OTHER HELP
for 29 sawmill companies to all parts of Cali-
fornia.... Crosscut sawyers Spooltenders...
Tree fellers Bark peelers Screw turners
Head donkey men Log fixers, etc...
$75 $S0 $65. $60. $50. $40. $30 and found
DRILLERS AND HEADER MEN.. .....
«n 75 and $3 day
MURRAY & RBADY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FREE ..FREE
To all the railroads in California.. Laborers..
Teamsters. ..Drillers... Muckers... Header men.
etc From $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••■•••"••• BAKERS
42 cooks, first, second and third, for all parts
of California. $55, $45. $40. $30. $25 and found
2" waiters *"''• $25. $20 and found
29 dishwashers $30. $25. $20. $15 and found
6 waiters for a large mine $30 and found
6 porters, city and country J0b5................
".^ $50, $15 and_ found
3 iaundrymen • • ••• - • • 35 ♦-<>
Bartender, middle-aged man. hotel „ . _ „.
$20 and found
18 ■ bakers" irSo an mV\«i6;-$25-and-found
MURRAY & READY,
"**... 634-636 Clay st.
/
NO OFFICE FEE
60 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. ROAD
FREE FARE
$1 75 to $2 50 per day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENT.
104 Geary st.
FOR HOTEL AND LAUNDRY DEPART-
MENT
broiler, $50: fry cook. $50: third cook. $40; cof-
fee man, $40; 2 pastry cooks. $35. $30: 6 French
potwashers and dishwashers, $30. $23: 15 dish-
washers, pot washers, vegetablemen. $30, $20, 6
pantry, bell and elevator boys. $15. $20; 10
white 20 colored, $25, $30; French-Swiss cook,
roadhouse, *<» iscELI , AXEOUS .
MISCELLANEOUS.
blacksmiths, carpenters, farmers, dairymen,
woodsmen, mill men. men to handle freight,
and hundreds of others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
104 Geary st.
WANTED — 2 carpenters for mining
company. $3 day and fare paid one way; 4
miners, $2 50: laborers for mine; 2 men and
wives $40. and many others for all kinds of
work.' J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Man and wife for ranch, $40 per
month; also a man to do chores and take care
of horses. $25. MRS NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SHOEMAKER, handy man for city store; ref-
ences required; state age and experience. Box
4918. Call office.
CLERK for grocery and bar; wages. $30 and
board; references required. Box 4917, Call.
WANTED— Middle-aged man to look after gen-
tleman's country mountain home; small
wages. Inquire 907, Call building, 1 to 3.
YOUNG couple, man must be good bedmaker:
wife good cook, to learn nursing. DR. CHAM-
LEY. 25 Third et.
i WANTED— live solicitor for milk route
Address A. 8.. Call branch. 639 McAllister.
EXPERIENCED earners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd
Brannan st., between Third and Fourth.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co., Ltd., Brannan st., between Third and
Fourth.
MEN to learn, barber trade; $15 weekly made
after S weeks; call or write for free Illus-
trated catalogue. MOLER'S Barber College
635 Clay st. & '
BARBER for Sacramento; steady work Addlv
at 219 Broadway, city.
GERMAN boy on bread. 2125 Mason street.
WANTED— A man who understands h?s~busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the best
fraternal orders in the United States; only
those who are capable and mean business need
apply. Call on or address DR W M P v rk-
Joj^^^ nci9C °- Cal ' Offl - *«S
TEAMS wanted to work on the canal beln^
built at Sunol by the Spring ? alley Wat.?
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
SuncT ero StB> SaD Franclsco - «on work at
WANTED— A first-class mill man to tak«
charge of planing mill In San Francisco*
must be an , energetic young man willing ti
work himself; state wages and reference?
Addrasa box 4689, Call Of flea. reference.HELP WAXTED-Contlnned.
! RAVELING ealopman to pell gloves on corn-
ml«s'.on as side line. Empire Glove Works,
cor. Battery and Washir.pion stg. .
O ko this week— soo pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $160; new phoes.
Pilphtly damaged, half price. £C 2 Mission *t..
bet. Ist and id sis.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. in.
MEN of good address; Eastern men preferred:
permanent employment for right parties.
CHAS. P. NEWMAN, rm. 17. Donohoe bldg.
"ANTED— barytone singer who can play the
orpan. Call bet. 2 and 4 p. m. at Golden \\ est
Hotel. Wednesday. July 5. Quaker Med. Co.
"ANTED— Good shoemakers for repairing. 961
Mission st.
i;<M' to help on r.illk wagon; German preferred.
1f.07-9 BroJerirkj^
;V. BOYS to soil Fourth of July souvenir but-
tons. 3 Taylor St., bet. S and 10.
WANTED-^-Hammermen at Point Richmond;
waees 52 25 per clay: beard $4 50 week.
\VANTEI>--Te;uns;ors to drive scrapers; wag<"»
$1 7:. and $-: board $4 50 per >-■■;<. Apply
Yi. B STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley R. lad^
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonera free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery *t.
SOLDIERS sailors or heirs desiring pensions,
travel piy. etc. see L. M. SHERWOOD. 612.
sixth floor, Examiner building. San Francisco.
GKT y.-ur shoes half soled while waiting, 35c to
hO: rO2 Mission st.. between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Distributers'. EMPIRE LAUNDRY
CO.. 7C5 Bryant ntrt-et.
BARBERS' l>r.is;re<=ive Union; free employ-
rr.'t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164
ELLIS. 321 (Kui-ed.-Ue House)- 160 rooms, day,
we?k or mo.: tea 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
i, "ANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, stiil
runs Denver llou^e. 217 Third st. : 160 large
rooms: ioc per Dltrht: $1 to $: per week.
ILSON Hnuse, 775 Mission St.. near Fr.urth—
100 modern rooms with hot. cold water; free
baths: electric .•Ms: elevator:: :to $1 night
A.ILORS and ordinary seamen r.Tr coast and
Australia at MAN'S. 2S Steu ■•■ st.
"ANTF.D— IS men to find clean, central, cheap
rms , 15c. EOc nlsht: hkpg.. $1 25 up. SS 3d st.
Wa.Nl .'— Mer. can learn the barber trade tor
$5 at 1542 Market Ft.
0 SINGLE furnished room*. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
"..' ar>>l women tn learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 1354 Eighth st.
ENSIGNS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor*
neys. Hearet bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20& 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $? 50 week. Elcho House, S63»^ Market st.
TRY Acme House, '.■':: Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; SI a week
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 7CO rooms. _~c night: readme room: free
'Mi!> and iairi--. to and from the ferry.
UOO >IS^ J\V TED.
FURNISHED room; bath, if possible; not far
frcTr. center of city. Box 4r,S". '".,•;
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Martin concert guitar. Address
Guitar, 2621 Pine st.
GOOD second-hand saw cutting lathe; about s-
foot bed. Box 4934. Call office.
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
! ■ LEH top desk: second-hand: must be fine.
P.- v WZ. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; al?o medical clairvoyant; treats
private chronic or obscure diseases; fend
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary: Eittlngs $1: diagnosis free.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; 50c, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor St., • '.or 3-5.
MRS. HARLAND. removed to 14 A Geary: test
circle to-n:pht; sealed letters read; !oc.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing- seance to-day,
2 o'clock; *.ic. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all: Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. :
Mon" S: 25r~: sittings SI. 233 Valencia st.
C I.AIRVOVAXTS.
MIPS J. B. mVTEH, the distinguished elalr- 1
voyant and medium: those in trouble or who ]
wish to know th»ir future should consult this •
gifted medium immediately, either In person
or by letter: Miss Dwyer graduated under the ;
highest professor in occultism and Is master <
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those In whom j
you are Interested: satisfaction guaranteed by j
mall, $1; reduced rates to the poor. Sl7 Mar- |
ket st. _____
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and ;
card reader; born with double veil and sec- |
end eight, diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles, 10c; gents, $1; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
palmiEt; 25c this week; test circles Sun..
Tues. and Friciay eves.; 10c. 234'^ Sixth st.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman, from !
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologist: ,
readings 50c and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland. 1
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth st-, room 12. 1
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, j
palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St., rooms 2-3. i
MRS. POPHIE EETP, reliable psychometric ; i
25c. Sun., Tues., Frl., at 8; 10c. 1724 Market.
EMMA GOLDMAN, the anarchist lectuVer,
speaks July 6 at 117 Turk St.; 8 p. m. 1
MME. HAYS, card reader, removed from 207 j
Powell st. to 1 Fifth, room 1. |
RESPONSIBLE cardreader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar. ; 25c. 1322 Mission. ]
YOUR future told by cards. £sc; Sunday hours.
" to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6. j
MME AUGUST, .1150 Mission St.; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. V*-; ladies. 314 O'Farrell st.
PALMISTKV.
MME. NEERGARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones; classes;
office hours Ito 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1.
YOUR fate is in your hand: children half price.
MME. GERMAIN!-:. 306 Market St.. room 29.
PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
perfection. Fee, 50 ou>. 7S Third et.. room 4. j
A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. 916 ]
Bu«h »t.. bet. Taylor and Jones. :
CARPET CLEANING.
■VTHE-* You become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatir.g Works, 3"3-3. .7 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St.," cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501. \
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ; '
tel. Main 394. rEO, WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co., !
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 225? lowest rates. j
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. :
STRATTON'B, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
Bt ; cleaning '■'■■■ per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. P. Steam Carp't Cleaning Assn., 30S Golden
Gate: <ar- cleaned. 3 1 ' yd.; tel. Mint 346. j
COVKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden j
Cat; aye.: tel. East 126.
LUM.
. ~ ■ -
LOST-Certlflcate of Deposit No. 62,635 of The
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco,
dated 2d June. 1559. for $250, In favor of C.
F. Houghton. Payment of same has been
stopped and all persons are warned against
negotiating such certificate; reward. Box
4?14. Call.
LOST— On Taylor Ft., between Ellis and Eddy.
a water Fpanlf-1 puppy; white and brown. Re-
turn to 130 Eddy st. and receive reward.
DIAMOND bracelet. Handsome reward If re-
turned to :"- Treat aye.. near Twentieth ft.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE _ GALLAGHER— James O. Ma-
(rulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have !
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 625-855 Market st.; tel. South 215. j
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; |
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law, FT.' 1 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free, no charge unless successful. W. ;
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
L S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building, tn
Vs'-fct-t; consultation free: m fees In advance.
A 1 CO! VI AN I S.
S. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms, ref.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL office and residence, i
1021 V» Market st., bet. 6th and 7th. : >
nisi NESS CHANCES.
SALOON, near Market, must sell this week;
bargain. COWING _ CO., 995 Market st.
ROOMING use, centrally located in Oakland;
bargain this day. COWING &. CO., 895 Mar-
ket st.
FRUIT store. centraJly located; fine cash busi-
ness; bargain. COWING _ CO.. 995 Market.
CIGAR store, centrally located: great sacrifice
tins day. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
ROAD house doing fine business; must be sold;
leaving city. COWING & CO.. 9*5 Market.
i $1000 WANTED— A partner with that amount
1 to invest in a business enterprise; will guar-
antee $300 profit monthly. For particulars see
Mclaughlin & CO., 777 ; Market st.
$700 — SALOON: bargain: other business cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*. Market.
BARBER shop at a bargain $2r,0
Paying r'adhouse; mutt sell by July 1... 175 C
Fine grocery and bar; value in Bight.... 1500
Call at room 2, 1007^ Market St., near Sixth.
$1500— FINE corner grocery store; 3 branch
bakeries and notion stores, $250, $750, $150;
others; sell or ex. EITEL. 100$ Market st.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON, 7S3^j Market st.
A NEW discovery for weak, sore, discharging.
painful, watery, Itching, burning and in-
flamed eyes and lids: for children and par-
ents; by mail. 50c. GERMAN OPTICAL IN-
STITUTE. 1071 ; Market St.. San Francisco.
Cal. Wanted— l reliable agent in every State.
FIRPT-CLASS bakery and confectionery. In
fcood running order, with 4 tarnished rooms,
to rent to responsible party. Apply between
2 and 5 p. m.. \<li Larkin St.
I RESTAURANT; must sell on account of leav-
ing city; receipts $15 daily; at your own
price. Address 704 Larkin st.
j TO let— Saloon: well fitted up and In complete
running order; now open. Inquire ?30 How-
; ard st.
i CIGAR stand at invoice price; centrally lo-
| cated; rent $15. Apply restaurant, 10 Hayes.
MEAT market; well located; doing entire cash
business. Inquire 510 Castro for particulars.
FOR sale— established carpenter shop;
owner retiring from business; rent cheap.
1813 Unoin st.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop, cheap for
cash on account of leaving city. Address Box
4920, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
; ■• rk-packlng business for sale in one of the
est towns north of San Francisco. For par-
; ticulars Inquire at this office. |
FOR sale — Fixtures and store lease: merchant
retiring from a well-established grocery busi-
ness in Fresno; rare opportunity for a good
business man. Address Immediately JOHN
C. NOURSE. Fresno. Cal.
BAKERY for sale cheap; only bakery In city of
tOOO population; good reason given for selling-.
A SPECHT. City Bakery, Vancouver. ,
Washington.
j A— CIGAR star.i at invoice price; centrally lo-
j cated, rent $15. Apply before 11 a. m. at res-
! taurant. 10 Hayes 6t.
SPLENDID stand for poultry or delicateses;
rent $15. SONOMA MARKET, 1307 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wieland
Brewery, Second and Folsom sts.
GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing flrst-claas
business; good location; 65 regular boarders:
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
FOR sale — 1 grocery and bar: good location.
Corner P.. Ft and Devisadero sts.
I NO. 1 cigar store; day trade. Apply 400 Mont-
gomery st : offer wanted.
i GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents.
COFFEE and tea route* buppll«*.l trom UEO.
W. CASWEI-I. .<■ CO.'S 415 Ra rameni ?t.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
22 ROOMS; on Howard st $500
IS rooms; on Turk st., only 650
IS rooms; on Third st 325
40 rooms; corner house; clears $150 1500
Country hotel and bar: 30 rooms ISO")
5-room flat: near Emporium 250
15-room house; worth $600 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market si . opp. Fifth.
12 ROOMS; Post st. : $l. r ,O cash $375
IS - ms; $250 cash; interest 1% per cent.. 6.">0
2S rooms; cheap rent: only 650
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
WANTED— Tenants for 3 to 10 room vacant
houses at A. M SPECK & CO.'S, 667 Market.
14 ROOMS: established 10 years; fullest Inves-
tigation. LARSEN. 31S Bush St.
LODGING house of 11 room!" for sale cheap;
call for one week. 233 Third st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MORTGAGE — To go quick; no cost mark.
DAVIS. 1145 Market st.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
fOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S SO, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. buys, sells,
♦xch. new & Zd-hand fur., carpet*, stores
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market st., rver Cafe Zinkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas or
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1; ether fillings, from 50c;
plates, from $4 £0; flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
(per tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teetn
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON; M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell et.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4,
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 year*.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 2»c up; gold j
crowns, $3; gold bridges. $5 up: painless ex- j
trartlon guaranteed: plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th. j
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 ?larket st.
OHIO Dental Parlore— Fillings. 60c up: crowns,
$3 up: open ev'gs. 550 Market Ft.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. *
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FOITsALE- MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
— 14-KARAT gold American Waltham or El-
gin movement gent's watch, guaranteed, for I
$25; a lady's watch, same quality and make i
for $15, worth $40; Just what the capes will j
melt UD for: also another $200 fine sealskin '
for $100. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, j
linoleum, office furniture, store and office '
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand. 1
J. . NOON AN*. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
JAPANESE pug pups; Nippon, the father, has
taken first prize at dog show. Call at 511
Jones st.
CENTURY Diet., full Rum.; 5 Tola, new Am.
supph. to Ency. Brit. 4i">C3 Twer.ty-Flxth st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 013 Hearst building. |
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer, band saw, ,
wood planer; id-hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale. |
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors. |
• bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st. ,
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line '
Felling at less than cost. 613 Hearst building. j
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine. ;
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 516 Mission. !
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150. .4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission. ■
DRESS pants. $2 35: fine suits. $9 85. Misfit Cloth- >
Ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu- '
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes new and second-hand. THE |
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st. .
RAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all |
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, a. F. j
SEWING MACHINES.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45. ;
ALL kinds bough* told, exchanged, rented: r«-
nalrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. ;
" CLfcAVM. OMl'OCVns. - 1
UTICA cleansing. . toilet and paste compounds; .
first prize 1599 Royal Agricultural Society.
Sydney cures poison oak; a household bless- . .
Ing SAMUEL SEYMOUR. Agent; office and j
factory, 21 Spear it. '
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1809.
PERSOXALS.
WILL MRS. BELLE MAHONEY of Berkeley
please send her present address to box 4313,
Call office? .
j LEDERERS QUINTONICA Is a perfect hair
tonic; does not change the color of the hair
and removes dandruff. 123 Stockton st.
THERE is but one Lederer; his hairdresslng
parlors are thronged; best work but 25c;
switches, $1 up: hair rolls, luc; very longest,
only Me 123 ■ -ton st.
LADIES— A big cut In prices; $6 Ypsilantl
union suits, S3. equestrian tights. 25c. OBER'S.
34 Geary st^ ____
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
$1 PER wee.: for lady's suit. Jacket or caDe,
Gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co.. 13>"'6 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
' JOHN L BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutler St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular^ Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A BLEY, 622 Sacramento St.: tel. Main 1536.
T. BRILLIANT. 335-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordin,6l4 Plne.ab.Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale fl>ur^«. KRAMER. 20 Bansome.
I LADIES' tailor-made suits: $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TAXI. 313 Sutter «t.
A— Ladies' or gen% s clothing, furniture, bought,
gold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 24S O'Fnrrell. bet. Powell * Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
SS7 GEARY Dresses made. $5 up: dresses
made over; perfect fit: orrandles and lawns.
BANK STATEMENT.
SWORN STATEMENT
Of the condition and value on June 30, 1599,
of the assets and liabilities of the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION.
! A corporation, doing business at 532 Califor-
nia street, northeast corner of Webb street.
City and County of San Francisco, State of
, California.
ASSETS.
I— PROMISSORY NOTES, secured
by first lien on real estate
within this State, the actual
value of which note* is $14,894,459 56
2— BONDS of the United State* Gov-
ernment and of municipal and
quasi-public corporations, the
actual value of which 1a........ 8,454,165 <4
Part of these are kept in the
vaults of this corporation and
part in a box rented from the
National Safe Deposit Com-
pany, in the city of New York.
3— BANK PREMISES 400,000 00
Situated at the northeast cor-
ner of California and Webb
streets, in the City of San
Francisco.
4— OTHER REAL ESTATE 1.633,195 60
Situated in the State of Cali-
fornia; part of it 13 productive,
and it is of the actual value
LOANS on BONDS and STOCKS. 264,746 00
All f>aid bonds and stock certifi-
cates are kept in the vaults of
this cori>oration.
6— SAFES and FURNITURE In the
office of the Bank of the value ■.
o f 5,000 00
7— CASH in' U. S. Gold and Silver 1.110,227 71
Coin, of which there is:
In Vault $206,217 SI
In Bank 804,009 M
Total Assets $26,761.784 61
LIABILITIES.
I— TO DEPOSITORS this corpora-
tion owes deposits amounting
to and the actual value of
which is $24,920,395 25
The condition of said deposits is
that they are payable only out
of paid assets and are fully
secured thereby.
TO STOCKHOLDERS: '■■":.'.
Capital Stock $1,000.000 00
Reserve Fund 205.214 77
The actual value of which is. 1,205.214 77
The condition of said liability
to Stockholders is" that no part
of the amount can be paid to
them, or In any way with-
drawn except in payment of
losses, during the existence of
the corporation, nor until all
depositors shall have been paid
in full the amount of their de-
posits and declared dividends.
CONTINGENT. FUND, includ-
ing the amount of accrued but
uncollected Interest on invest-
ments 442,763 24
4— GENERAL ACCOUNTS, bal-
ance 61.412 32
These accounts embrace amounts
held for purposes of guarantee
and sums the final application
cf which has not been deter-
mined.
S— STATE. COUNTY AND CITY
TAXES:
Balance undlsbursed 131.999 03
Total Liabilities $26,761,784 61
SAN FRANCISCO, July 3. 1899.
(Signed) W. C. B. DE FREMERY,
Vice President.
i (Signed) LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. ]
City and County of \em.
San Francisco, J --
W. C. B. DE FREMERY and LOVELL
WHITE, being each separately and duly
f.'. • .each for himself, says: That said W.
C. B. DE FREMERY Is Vice President, and
said LOVELL WHITE Is Cashier of the San
Francisco Savings Union, the corporation
above mentioned, and that the. foregoing
statement 13 true.
(Signed) W. c. p.. DE FREMERY.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 3d
day of July, A. D. 1599.
(Signed) JAMES M. ELLIS,
[Peal] Notary Public, in and for the City
and County of San Francisco, State of
California.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are ths
fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
16 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth ana
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
16, it and 30 O'Farrell it.; pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of ail grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing ifc>eslbla done to pleas* and satisfy th*
customer.
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second hand. $100 up; wholesale prices
to all W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
AT $127; Stelnway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st.
A— sSs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hcrnung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. " 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms. 1710 Mkt.
A NEW Checkering and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's.
1018 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 70«
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos. $2 M) per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 590 Hayes st.
R aT DANIELS i* now with BYiION
MAU7/T. 309 to 812 Post St.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments. Jfi 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellin.
fcOHMFR. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 3CB
Post st.
W. G BADGER. 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ. II
McAllister at., next Hlbernia Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE.. 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MUI.LF.P.. maker, repairer. -■ Latham place.
HORSES.
FOR sale— sso: dark bay horse; 7 years; 16
hands; 1100 pounds; good roadster. 1715 Sac-
ramento st.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL, veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
40 HORSES ■ for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
»27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; 'well broken road, business
and work horses. Chase 4 Mendenhall. sue- I
cessors Klllip * Co.: nalesyard. 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale — A fine wagon and cover, horse and
harness. 736 Fulton St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folaom st. 1
■ ■-■•..■■■■.:*•■■ ■■..-.:•..... -■?-■■:.:■.-- ■
HOUSES TO LET. .
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
lift you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 6 rooms to let; nice yard; cheap.
1133 Folsom st. |
TWENTY-THIRD, 27. near Hampshire— j
rooms; bath; yard; rent $16.
VERY fine house, in perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first St., near Guerrero; 7 rooms; rent \
very reasonable; see It. E. G. DENNISTON, i
3454 Twenty-first Et. I
VERY pleasant house. In perfect condition; S3S6
Twenty-first St.. near Guerrero: 7 rooms; rent
very reasonable; see It. j
WANTED— of house by responsible gen- j
tleman and wife: references. Address Doc-
tor, box 4911. Call office.
$12, HOUSE of 4 rooms, and one at $10 of 3
rooms; on Lawrence dace, oft* Fremont ft., |
between Harrison and Bryant: errand view j
of bay; to a small family only. ;
FURNISHED FLATS.
TO RENT— Nicely furnished flat; 4 rooms and
bath: sunny yard. 11l Fell st. '__ •
FLATS TO LET.
A 3-ROOM fiat; near Mission and Third sts.:
rent $10. Apply 15 Grant aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. j
10 Montgomery st. i
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath: reasonable to good tenant. ~>:. • , ,
NORTHEAST corner Nineteenth and Noe sts.; I
lovely sunny 6- room flat; modern improve-
ments; rent $17; water free.
SEVENTH. 45 J, corner Bryant— s sunny rooms;
; cheap. Apply between 1 and 2.
THIRTEENTH, 425— Sunny upper and middle i
flat: modern; improved; reasonable. i
THREE nice rooms; very convenient. Apply 11 ]
Clara street, between Third and Fourth.
TO-LET— Sunny flat of 4 rooms. 3 Golden
Court, off Sacramento st., near Leaven worth, j
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— Sunny 5- ]
room flat; modern; rent $15; water free. ;
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; gas. 1 . Lewis \
St.. oft Taylor, between Post and Sutter. :
4 ROOMS and bath: large cellar; large flower j
garden. 1219 Laguna. cor. Ellis. Inquire 1221. !
$S — UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny aide. 472 :
Linden aye., near Laguna and Hayes sts.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FULTON. 215, corner Van Ness— Neatly furn.
flat. 4 rooms; gas range; bath; also others. |
GEARY, 622— Furnished sunny, bay-window :
parlor, kitchen, yard, laundry; hkper; also sgl. I
GEARY, Furnished and unfurnished I
flats; each 4 rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 eel- j
lars; gas; every convenience; $13.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 404—3 neatly fur., 2 front, ',
: with closets; hot, cold water; gas range; bath, |
HARRISON, 731 — 3 rooms furnished complete -
for housekeeping; large yard: rent $12. |
HARRISON. 7S4H. near Fourth— Finely furn. !
sunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. 2d and 3d. nr. Harri- ;
eon— Small prettily fur. flat; private; $16 mo. |
HOWARD, 525, bet. First and Second— .\.e
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping. '
HOWARD, 1774, corner Fourteenth— 2 or 3
neatly furnished rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD, S29— Furnished rooms from $1 week
up; also housekeeping and transient.
JONES, £03—3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$16; also double and single rooms, cheap.
KEARNY. 223. nr. Sutter— 2 nice front rooms; I
gas free; Janitor service; $14. «■ Grant aye. j
MARKET, 1028— Large sunny front room and !
kitchen, folding bed, $12; 3 unfurnished, Jo. ;
MARTHA pi.. 2. off Geary nr. Taylor— 2 neatly I
furnished rms; complete for hkp; stove; yard. j
MISSION, £39— Bay-window suite, complete for '
housekeeping, $3; rooms, furnished and unfur. \
MISSION. S6S— Suite complete for housekeep- ,
ing; sunny and pleasant.
MISSION. 945 — Two rooms and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 60—2 housekeeping rooms; $5; fine
yard; sun all day.
NOE. 151—2 or 3 sunny front housekeeping
rooms; gas or coal range; $10 to $14. , ,
OCTAVIA, 41S — Nice sunny furnished room for !
housekeeping. > • : ;
PAGE, 1134, nr. Baker— 2 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping, $11.
SOUTH PARK. 184," nr. 3d— 2 large nicely fur- ;
nlshed ran. ; running water; complete hekpg. !
BUTTER, 111 L nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.
single suites: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
THIRD, 303—2 large rooms for housekeeping;
respectable place.
TWELFTH. 120— Newly fur. sunny housekpg j
m.s.; private fam.; select locality: gas stoves.
TWENTY-THIRD, 31618— 2 unfurnished house- j
keeping rooms with bath and stationary '
waahtuba.
VALENCIA, 1171—2 large sunny bay-window
rooms for housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Furnished sunny flat; 3 !
rooms and bath: complete for housekeeping:
only permanent and responsible parties.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny et.— Pleasant |
sunny rooms en suite or single; nrst-cUuu
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modem service; elevator; i
bath; rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 326 Kearny — Sunny second parlor, with use i
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
wife; private family. Inquire shoe store.
AT New Grand, 24« 3d— 200 Ist-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
AT 33 Turk. cor. Taylor— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; also hkpg. rms.; reas.; transient.
BALBOA, 1049 A Market— hands: first- j
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside j
rooms; elevator; prices reasonable; transient
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTEH, Prop.
CARROLTON, 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate ;
. aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLAY, Nicely furnished front room, with j
or without kitchen; cheap. Inquire at 1523
Polk street.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Elegantly j
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 303. corner Jones — sunny bay-window j
corner rooms; double beds; homelike.
ELLIS, Neatly furnished small hall bed-
room: cheap; central and convenient t<» all
theaters. j
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOURTH. 12S>4, nr Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rms.
GOLDEN STATE, 106 Eddy— Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day. week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission BtF. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to J6 per week.
HARRISON, Three nicely furnished rooms
and bath; reasonable terms.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. near Stockton—
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door: elevator: free baths.
HOWARD, 646. near 3d— New house. 30 rms.:
newly frnshd.: single, double; gas; $5 upward.
HOWARD, 2133— Large sunny furnished rooms ;
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $6 and $8.
HYDE, 917, near Pine — Large back parlor, suit-
able for lor 2 gents; ref. ex. also 1 email rm.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk, cor. Geary— New manage-
ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 6 r.).515 up; rer.
MARKET, 7S3Vi— Neat newly furnished rooms;
central location; II to $2 50 per week.
MASON, 511— Single sunny front room; gas;
bath: also large room; private family.
MCALLISTER, 513— A large furnished front
room; gas; hot and cold water; suitable for 2.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 282H, near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms; water and yard; rent $5.
O'FaKKKU. .. — bunny lvi rushed rooms and
office*: elevator: 'electric lights: .lay. wk.. mo.
POWELL. — Newly fur.; new management;
single, double; transient; next to Columbia.
POWELL. — Central and prettily furn. rms.;
cheap; June. Market st. cars.; nr theater.
POWELL, 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms: sunny.
RINGOLD, 20. between Eighth and Ninth, Fol-
som and Harrison— Three large uijfurnlshed
rooms. • i
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent i
light; reading room, smoking room and !
ladle*' parlor; rooms, per night, Jsc to $1 60;
week, $2 to $8: month, SS to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 19— Sunny furnished rooms. $5. $6: also
front rm. suitable 1 or I; $2 week; private.
SIXTH, 132— Neatly fur. sunny rooms; suites
and single; also housekpg; rates moderate.
SIXTH, 429— Two nice sunny front furnished,
suitable for light housekeeping, and other
room. '• >"■•'"
•X :
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. .
STEVENSON. 537%— Sunny front room, nicely
furnished, $4 per month.
TAYLOR, 117— Furnished rooms for $1 50 up per
week: also housekeeping rooms.
TAYLOR, 1532. nr. Jacksbn-st. -Large
Funny bay-window suite; partly frnshd.: gas;
bath; bot, cold wat. ; tel; suit, for lor 3 gent.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. K. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE PIEDMONT. 119 A Sixth St., corner Min-
na—Sunny bay-window rooms.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. nr. 6th— Sunny corner
rms., suites and single: gas, bath; also hskpg.
THIRD. 25. nr. Market— Sunniest rooms in San
Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
THIRD, 78. nr. Market: also 309— Nicely frnshd
rms, single and double; also hskg; elec. lights
YALE. 112 Taylor— Sunny lurnlshed and un-
furnlshed suites. $5 up: single. $1 50 up.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. Jo a week up; Swedish home: parlor.
ATLAS—. 1001 Sutter— New. beautifully fur.
sunny suites, ■ single r., reas.; board optional.
GOLDEN GATE. 160— Elegant parlor suite,
newly furnished; other rooms; hot and cold
water; 2 blocks from Market st.
HOTEL Victoria. 1105 Hyde, cor. California—
. Prettily furnished suites, bath: board optional
LAS PALMAB, IS2O Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private: bath: board op.
OTARRELL, 712— Large front room, running
water, home cooking; also single rms.. $20 up.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm. : cen. for lunches.
SOUTH PARK, 15?— Large sunny front suite;
first floor; privilege of hskpg.; board optional.
SUTTER. 1123 — Lovely sunny rooms with board:
pretty garden: home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— I or 2 children to take care of;
French lady. Box 4943. Call.
GOOD home for Infants; only ?10 per month:
?!<"' Lndnctnn ny».. near NinetPPTith st
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ire
cr»am parlor 103". Market st. • n..r.i:'-" nrlf»«.
STORES TO LET.
LARGE corner store; rent reasonable; Seventh
and Natoma sis. Apply 605 Natoma.
TO let— Small store. 5 Taylor St.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing-, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free. I
HEALD'R BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st. I
HOLMES College of Oratory— Term opens
August 1: elocution,' literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture. Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stage -
technique; 15 Instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary 1
for catalogue, room 4, Odd Fellows' big. S. F.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc. ; life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms: low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mm- !
ing. mech. survey, assay, archi.; day & eve.; I
est 1864 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
THE Studio. i !i "3 Sutter; piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet, English and German, »0c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons. $5 mo; top flat. 514 Hayes st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English; coaching \
specialty; during vacation Jo mo. 220 Eddy.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. X. . and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher; tea
years' experience; EOc an hour. 620 Eddy St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln st . opp. City Hall
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MATER] eye water; a new discovery for
weak, sore, inflamed, Itching:, watery, burning, 1
painful and overstrain eyes and nerves; by j
mall 60c. German Optical Institute, 1071 1 Mar- ,
ket. S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt. in every £tate.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all tho«>e who rre sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find :
In her a true friend; a home for patients, !
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital i
and privacy of a home: consultation free and j
confidential; home treatment. $5; no instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
6t., bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours, 10 to
12, 2 to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appoictmenc
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all 1
oases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed i
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
Fame day; no Instruments used: cure at office.
16- home in confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time an i expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR WYETH. 942 Post st., bet.
Hyde and Larkln hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.: Sunday. 19 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friend? of all Invalid.", men and women;
fO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and ad; sure relief.
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home.
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de- |
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market st.;
pills, $1; very strong. J2.
A TREATMENT that restorr? instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Marr.et St., Between
Mason and Taylor; of nee hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to t p. m. . Sundays. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician, no
matter how" long standing: travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' physician, practice «7 years.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st,
j^ dr. g. W. O'DONNELL. ■world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated sucessfully more eases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never faiia to
cure: consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free; call or write. 1023V4 Market St.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran- I
Cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 8000 varieties being used,
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 1 to 9 p m.
LADlES— Chichester* 9 English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best. safe, reliable; take
no other; rend 4c stamps for particular-^;
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chlrhester Chemical Co.. Phila.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
Bt. ; Jl SO. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
euro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacrament^. Cal.
ALL female complaint* cured in 21 hours; well
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home: no instruments; consultation free and
confidential: home treatment $5. MRS. AL-
LEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; {2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
ORGOOP BROS- Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal
MERITO Sure, safe preventive; married ladies
try It; price $1. sample. box 25c: write for cir-
cular.Merlto Mfg.C0.,227 Leavonworth st..S.F.
A— DR. and MRS, SILVA. 215H Mason st. —
Private home in confinement: ladles' frieni ,
In trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement; babies
adopted into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second st. ; tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1113 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE * TAYLOR, packing and storage of
turn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PROPOSALS.
UNITED States Engineer Office, Flood build-
Ing, San Francisco, Cal., July 3. IS9S— Sealed
proposals for constructing steel highway
draw-span, piers therefor and approaches
thereto across tidal canal at Oakland Harbor,
Cal., will be received here until 12 o'clock
noon August 9, 1899. Information furnished
on application. W. H. HEUER. Major, En-
gineer- ■'•;'■■•■*
CITY REAL ESTATE. .
A— $7350; CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
park view front and rear cannot be ob-
structed; 10 large sunny rooms; conservatory
most expensively decorated: heaters: all pos-
sible convenience*. Apply to ALBERT WIL-
FORD on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader
Bts., from 11 to 3; McAllister or Hayes-st.
car.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
20 ACRES OIL LAND, Fresno County, for Sift;
get particulars. .1. J. EVANS. Real Estate,
money loaned to and for you. Mills building;
phone 1196; "no stock In a company."
IF you have lots north of <ioiden Gate Park,
west cf First avenue, and you wish to m
them, call on W. J. GUNN. (10 Montgomery
A SACRIFICE— SI7SO; 2 flats. 9 roms: hard fin-
lshed; beautiful view; no agents. 4053 Army
$1700— New house; brick foundation. 9 rooms
and bath; 667 Market. SPECK & CO.
COl.vnn It' M i.VIATK.
MILL Valley— For sale, cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; a bargain. Box 4937, Call office.
SACRIFICE for caFh within 20 days; country
home, 3 acres Glorietta, 8 miles from Oak-
land: S-rocm house, etc.; cost $1800; can graze
cow outside. CAPT. A. JENKINS, North
Temescal. J
NEW rich land near city; small and larss :
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 famine*: 7500
acres We. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry reason of 1597-*S a'dr^s THE
CQTATI CO.. 802 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT irfclr an I stick farms.
W. r- TTOT.rriM A- ■'" . '.'■■ M.-.HTrr-~»rv «t.
I'ROI'ERTY WANTED.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere In San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS. Real Estate and
I. ■". Mills bn'ldine.
SIONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate, id
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, rm. S.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Etore. 546 Market st.: telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
planes: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 59 Third st. ■
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. HILL, 44, Merchants' Exchange. .
, . —
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS. Real
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg; notify: will call.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Kr»iger, 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortjrs. :
any proposition. DHYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission ; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
MONEY . loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 59i Parrott bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned en diamonds. Jewelry and clothing.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 63* Market.
A WEEK"? news for i cents— Th? Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper fnr mailing $1 ppr v»ar.
MONEY WANTED.
$4000 WANTED 1 year. S per cent: ample se-
curity. JAMES GAMBLE, 230 Montgomery
st.. room 23.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A— s2s CASH. $5 60 monthly till paid for, will
build to order a 3-room cottage: high base-
ment: lot 50x256; price in full, $425; more land
can be had adjoining: rich soil and level;
Westall Tract, in tropical Fruitvale; no fogs
nor cold winds; electric cars and a 90-foot
boulevard near; not far from a fine 3-story
schoolhouse; fine lots from $39 upward: call
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., Broad-
way station, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES. Owner.
PROPERTY is advancing in Oakland; busi-
ness is good, so we have moved our office
from 4C4 to 452 Ninth street; if you want a
bargain In Oakland real estate call and see
me. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 452 Ninth st.
$100 DOWN and only $21 per month will buy
a new modern -story cottage of 5 rooms,
bath room, etc.. lot 50x100. in North Oakland,
right in the midst of property that will double
in value with the advent of the new ferry and
the Santa Fe road; see plans at our new •
office. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
$1600 —
REDUCED FROM $3000
IF SOLD THIS WEEK.
House, 7 rooms, bath: lot 40x120; first-class
neighborhood; stone walk and street work
complete: convenient to business center.
FIRST COME FIRST SERVED.
J. S. MEYERS, 1002 Broadway.
FOR PALE OR EXCHANGE.
Paying millinery store. $5000.
Good-paying lodging house, $2000.
J. H. EI 'SON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FOR 6 months or longer; 12 rooms, well fur-
nished; sunny front and back lawn: flowers: ;
vines. ISM Franklin St.; 4 minutes to nar-
row-gange station: call 11 to 5: retVr<--nces.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhans. the
furniture dpalpr. !lth and Franklin Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAV < Ui:\l. KSTAT«.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOiIKSEEKEHS!!
These five house* on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— $1450 for a $2250 home: 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home: 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; S rooms, bath.
No. 6— $4500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE * REMMEL.
620 Market Rt.. S. F.. Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
ALAMEUA KUU.II!) AND 'itUAKU.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS PR. FTTNKE. 1418 *th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3600— BRAND-NEW, elegant 10- room house, 1
block south of University: plate glass win-
dows; porcelain bath; 2 large fireplaces:
built by day's work; complete in all details:
on high lot affording fine view of bay. etc.;
have tenant who will take lease of same at
$40 per month; one of the finest Investments
to be had.
Call or address
M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway,
Oakland. j
MARRIAGE LICENSE'S."
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
James P. Flnnigan and Lizzie C. Peters — 30- 2S
Edward D. Knight and Helen. McCreadie.. 32-26
Richard H. Power and Mary V. Clark 33-23
Leon A. Lazarus and Maude Frank 34-24
Joseph Baralll and Maria S. Batista 67-36
Louis Celis and Annie Cano — 19-1S
Charles H. Godbold and Susan Simmons... 23-23
John Anderson and' Anna Guth 35-33
Eu".^ne P. Prindlvllle and Lulu M. Kosser. 23-21
Reginald H. Bowman and Ethel Chapman.. 2s-20
Jorgen I. Jacobsen and Stena A. Andersen..
Walter L. Webb and Augusta E. Carter.... 34-24
Frank J. Baumhoer and Josephine Cornyn.. 2s-21
Howard H. Kallsh and Laura M. Beitler. .24-24
' LIRTHS— MARRIA&ES-^DEATHT"
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BABKIRK— In Sausalito. July 1, 1559, to the
wife of David P. Babklrk. a son.
" MARRIED.
GARRATT— GARRATT— In Carson, June 29,
1599, Milton D. Garratt and Lucy H. Garratt.
~ DIED.
Doyle, Thomas J. Mellus, Gustavus B.
Eatwell. Charles Murphy, Catherine
Ericksen. Herman O. Nau, P. H. F.
Fay, Harley Prendergast. Rodger
Flood. Mary J. Plquerez. Mabel L. .
Gibbons. Marie R. Perscheld. Marie
Green, Mary Riese, John E.
Haase, Auguste . Roche. Thomas W.
Holliday. Grace E. Rourke 1 . John
Lewis. Irene Scctt. Mrs. Grace
Maison. Henry A. Stafford. John T.
Marks. Montague Volkman, Charles
DOYLE— In this city, July 3. 189>, Thomas J..
beloved son of Ellen Doyle, and brother of
Margaret and John Doyle, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years.
EATWELL— In this city, July 3. 1599. Charles,
beloved husband of Maria Eatwell. and father
of Mrs. Annie O'Connor and Rose and Lizzie
Eatwell, a native of Calm, England, aged 53
years 1 month and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 161 T-'hama street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
ERICKSEN— this city, July 2. ISC-.. Herman
0., beloved husband of Netta Ericksen, and
father of Emma and Annie Ericksen, a na-
tive of Christlania. Norway, aged 40 years 7
months and 2S days.
ES'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this ■!.>>•
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 6 Rincon avenue, between First and
Second streets, near Brannan. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FAY— In this city. July 2, 1899, Harley Fay,
beloved brother of Mrs. Val Schmidt, Mrs.
M. Fay-Banks of Breckenridge. Colo., and
Mrs. Emaline Wilkinson of Cambridge. Henry
County, 111.. a native of Si Clair. Mich.,
aged 61 years 6 months and IS days. (King,
man, Ariz., papers please copy.)
E^Friends an . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, Tom the residence
of his Bister, Mrs. Val Schmidt. 2216 Van
Ness avenue, thence to the chapel of 1. O. O.
F. Crematory, where services will be held.
A. O. U. W.— the officers and members of
Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W. : You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother, H. Fay. this day (Tuesday), at
1:30 o'clock, from 2216 Van Ness avenue. By
order ol .1. C. SHARP. M. W.
THOMAS H. LORD. Recorder.
FLOOD— In this city, July 3. 18W, Mary Jo-
sephine (Minnie) Flood, dearly beloved •■.ugh-
ter of Patrick and Lizzie Flood, in her 20th
year.
E?"Fri<-nils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 5:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1312 Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIBBONS— In th:.= city. July 2. 1899. Marie
Raymond, wife of Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr.. a
native of Tcla.lo. Ohio.
E~?'Friend'? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the First
Unitarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets. Interment private. Please-
omit flowers.
GREEN— In this city. July 2, 1899, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late John Green, a native
of County Cork. Ireland, aged 61 years.
C?"Fri«nds anil acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:31 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1105 Montgomery street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a high requiem mass
will be celebrated for the rei-ose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HAASE— In this city, July 3. 1599. Auguste, be-
loved wife of Christian F. M. H,.a?.. and
mother of Christina and Joseph Malta Haase,
a native of Lauenburg, Prussia, Germany,
aged 50 years 6 months and 27 days. (New
York, Brooklyn and Louisville, Ky.. papers
please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
July 6, 1599. at . o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2128 Stockton street. Officers and mem-
bers of Justice Circle No. 104. C. of I", and
Norddeutscher Frauen Verein are requested
to attend. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HOLLIDAY— In this city, July 3. 1899, Grace
E., beloved daughter of Isaac Holliday. and
sister of Mrs. D. R. Dogan. Mrs. L. N. Daird
and Lottie and Alfred Holliday. a native of
San Francisco, aged 17 years 7 months and 8
days. (Oroville, Cal.. papers please copy.)
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 547 A Castro street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LEWIS— In Oakland, July 2. 1899. Irene, be-
loved daughter of Sarah and Jacob B. Lewis,
and sister of Daniel, Fannie, Meyers, Frank.
Julia, Reuben and Hazel Lewis, aged 10
yearn 11 months and 4 days.
[C7"Friend-i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 169 Third street, Oakland.
MAISON— In this city, July 3. 1899, Henry A..
beloved son of the late Henry A. and Helene
G. Maison, brother of Mrs. F. W. Thomas
and Bernard and Louise Maison. and nephew
of B. H. Lucke and Leon A. Maison. a na-
tive of San Francisco, acred 21 years and 6
months.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
MARKS— In Stockton, July 2. 1899, Montague,
beloved husband of Rebecca Ida Marks, and
father of Earle Marks, a native of Mel-
bourne, Australia, aged 42 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-n 1 .now
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1515 M Mission street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
: train from Third and Townsend streets.
1 MELLUS— In this city, July 1, 1599. Gustavus
8.. beloved husband of Eliza Mellus. and
father of Mrs. Alice R. Carter. Mrs. Maude
Gazzale and Warren and Crosby Hus. a
native of Maine, aged 76 years ti months and
20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Pioneer Hail.
Fourth street, near Market, Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city, July 2. IS3?, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John F. Murphy,
mother of G. W. Murphy and Mrs. William
Hughes, and aunt of Miss Annie Ca3sidy.
Mrs. T. C. Johnson. Mrs. Emma Roe and
the Misses Louisa and Susie Murphy, a native
of County Longford, Ireland, aged 60 years.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 463 Valencia street, thence to the Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be held for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NAU— In Sausalito, July S, 1599. P. H. F., be-
loved husband of the late Mary Nau, and
father of John 8., Sydney J. and Ada Nau.
Mrs George Folsom and Mrs. James Guth-
rle, a native of Lubeck, Germany, aged 63
years.
PERSCHEID— In this city. July 2. 1599, Marie
Perscheid (nee Joos), dearly beloved wife of
Gustave A. Perscheid, and mother of Gus-
tave A. Jr. and Johann W. Perscheid. a na-
tive of Hausen. Baden, Germany, aged 35
years.
K7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lor« of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth, thence to St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and Lea-
venworth streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock.
PIQUEREZf-In this city. July 3. IS?!. Mabel
Lorette. beloved daughter of Sylvester and
Mary Piquerez, and s,ister of Madeline Pi-
"querez, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years 3 months and 7 days. (Lawrence, Kans..
papers please copy)
[C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PRENDERGAST— this city. July 3, 1599.
Rodger Prendergast, a native of County Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 62 years. .
irj'TJie funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the Russ
House, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reDose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment private, in Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RIESE— In this city, July 2, 1599, John Ernest
Riese, beloved father of Mrs. George Krueger,
Mrs. C. C. Lint and Charles A. and Paul
Ernest Riese. a native of Germany, aged 72
years and 4 months.
ff^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 3321 Nineteenth street, between Mis-
sion and Howard. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
ROCHE— In Newark, Cal., July 3, 1899, Thomas
W.V beloved son of John and Ellen Roche,
and brother of Kathrine and John Roche Jr.,
a native of Newark. Cal., aged 14 years 10
months and IS days.
ROURKE— In this city. July 3. 1599, John,
dearly beloved son of the late John and Brid-
get Rourke. and brother of Mrs. William
Danielson, Mrs. William Casey and Cornelius.
Michael and Simon Rourke. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 20 years 11 months and 11 days.
SCOTT— Entered into rest. in this city, July
2 1599, Mrs. Grace Scott, widow of the late
George Scott, and mother of Mrs. Gay. Mrs.
Griffin and Thomas, Frank and Cephas Scott,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 73 years.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from St. Anna's
Chapel, Protestant Episcopal Old Ladies'
Home, 211& Golden Gate avenue. •' Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
STAFFORD— In this city, July 3, 1599. John T.
Stafford, M.D.. a native of San Francisco,
aged 2S years and 3 months.
in?" Friends are invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 1625 McAllister street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
VOLKMAN— In this city. July 2. 1339. Charles,
dearly beloved son of Paul and May Voikman.
and grandson of Charles and Bell Porter, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 6
days.
ESTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 306% Langton street, between
Seventh and Eighth, Bryant and Brannan.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
hENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERB,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
1112
OUR GLORIOUS FOURTH
JV JC SZJ -AW .•v* m*# •+*-* -~- •^-' — — —^
PROGRAMME OF TO-DAY'S CELEBRATION.
10 a. m. Parade starts from the foot of Market street at
signal fired from the dome of the Claus Spreckels building.
12 m. Firing of national salute of twenty-one guns at
Portsmouth Square.
2p. m. — Musical and literary exercises at Metropolitan
Temple.
Bp. m. Fireworks at Sixteenth and Folsom streets, at the
Chutes and at Washington Park, Stockton and Union streets.
OUTINGS.
Hesperian Parlor, N. S. G. W., at Camp Taylor.
A- O. H. picnic at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael.
Scottish Thistle Club picnic at Shell Mound Park.
Young Men's Institute at El Campo.
HOLIDAY SPORTS.
Coursing at Union Park.
Baseball Oakland vs. San Jose, Recreation Park.
Pigeon shoot and polo pony races at ths Burlingame Coun
try Club.
Trotting races, Golden Gate Driving Park Association, at the
Oakland track.
Finals in the annual competition of the Pacific Coast Lawn
Tennis Association. San Rafael courts.
San Rafael Golf Club competition, San Rafael links.
ZIV. Boom! Ah!
There's money to burn In San
Francisco. , .
The Glorious Fourth has arrived
once more and San Franciscans are
prepared to celebrate it as never before
in their lives. They are ready to give ex
pression to more pent-up patriotism than
the citizens of any other community on
1h« continent. They have don. it before
and they know they can do it again. The
passing day will tell.
In times past this city has been noted
far and wide for its magnificent celebra
tions of the nation's natal day. It has
burned more powder, made more noise,
flown more flags, had bigger parades and
done more to illuminate the dusky heav
ens than any single municipality in the
T'nited State's. This year it has only to
outdo itself and the expectations of no
one will be exceeded at that.
By the calendar San Francisco has no
more hours In its Fourth of July than any
other locality. Still, somehow or other, it
manages to crowd in many an extra one.
so that it is most impossible to deter
mine either when it begins or ends. The
small boy hereabout believes that it
dawns about the Ist of June each year,
nnd he knows it never ends until he has
f.red his last cracker or received a pain
ful visit from the family physician. Many
of the small boy's elders are of the same
opinion, and lend their extra change to
the purpose of provoking: the constant
popping— probably out of compliment to
the blushing brides— the month of June.
A stranger In the city would wonder
whatVwas going to be left for the real eel-;
rbration — the brief twenty-four hours that
he imagines constitutes a San Francisco
Fourth of July. That stranger has not
long to wait to find out. If he has any
ears left after the fusillades of firecrack
ers that for days have been announcing
the. coming of the great day. he would
better plug them up before he plunges
into the patriotic din which was in full
swing before he got his second sleep. Hr
will smell more powder than he ever
smelled before in any city: he will witness
n parade, in which the regulars of XJncle
Sam, cavalry, infantry and artillery; com
panies of the National Guard and Naval
Militia: recruits for the Philippines; and
cadets full of desire to~be soldiers, will
march. In line also will be the veterans
of three wars, the aged survivors of the
Mexican and Civil wars, and their, young
er followers, the volunteers wounded in
the southern seas, not yet recovered.
To the music of scores of bands will
inarch representatives of a? fine-looking
a police force as any on earth and a divls
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ —^t' * y 1 *** ' — // 1
Disease is a great and treacherous ocean.
Man ever stands upon its shore and gazes
out over its calm surface without a thought
of danger. It licks his feet — it advances
and recedes almost playfully — all the
same it will crack his bones and eat him,
and wipe the crimson foam from its jaws
as if nothing had happend, as it has been
doing ever since the world began.
A man who carelessly saunters along the
shore of the insatiate sea of disease, will
some day encounter a great storm in the
form of some fatal malady and will be en-
gulfed. Because a man does not have to go
to bed when he suffers from a trivial indi-
gestion, because he does not have to give
up work when he gets nervous and cannot
sleep at night, because he can still force
down an unsatisfactory meal when he is
suffering: from loss of appetite, because by
strong effort he can add a column of figures
with aching head — is no reason t^iat these
disorders are trifling or to be neglected.
They are the warnings of serious sickness.
A man who promptly heeds them, and re-
sorts to the right remedy, will speedily re-
cover his usual health. The man who neg-
lects them will find that he is in the grip
of consumption, some nervous disorder, or
some other dread malady, due to improper
or insufficient nutrition. Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery Is the best of
all medicines for men and women who suf-
fer in this way. It restores the lost appe-
tite, facilitates the flow of digestive juices,
invigorates the liver, purifies and enriches
the blood and tones and builds up the
nerves. It cures 98 per cent, of all chronic,
bronchial, throat and lung affections, and
is an unfailing remedy for nervous prostra-
tion. Medicine dealers sell it.
ion of Native Sons of California, models for
the young men of any State. There will
be large representations of many civic
and military organizations and industrial
societies, carrying artistic floats. Drum
corps without end and flfers unnumbered
will furnish music for the marching ca
dets, end the whole will be closed up with
a turnout of well-known citizens in car
riages.
It !s estimated that no loss than ten
thousand will be In the line, which starts
from the foot of Market street. The Da
rad" will take no ;«rss than an hour and
a half to pass a given point, and what,
with the countermarch for review, it
will be lunch-time when the order comes
to break ranks.
For the afternoon there Is officially pro
. for the entertah.rr.r-;.t uf those w.hn
have r;ot gpne on picnics or outings Into
untry, "r to witness the many pro
grammes of holiday sports, a literary and
musical programme nt Metropolitan Ter
n: ranged with the design of plumbing
the depths of patriotic feeling in every
breast.
And in the evening the provision for a
display of fireworks in the high heavens
has been most lavish. In addition to
those that may be set off at various
places of amusement and by private par
- will be three public exhibi
tions in as many parts of th* city, one at
Sixteenth and Folsom streets, for the
nltes; one at Washington Park, for
the North Beachers, and a third at the
Chutes, for the wrstern portion of the
city. A larg* pum of money has been ex
■l for the latest ::!;.! best in fire
works for those displays, and they ought
to be the finest San Franciscans have
ever seen and a fitting end to a most glo
rious Fourth of July.
THE BIG PARADE.
Major General Shafter Will
Review the Long
Line.
Chief of pollre 7>"--s ami a platoon nf
police from the Central Station will clear j
the way for the n, which will be i
made up ..f fourt* r: divisions and will
man-h to the music ■ f a dozen bands and
numerous fife and drum corps. Th« line
of march will be taken up at 10 o'clock
from the font of Market street, to Mont
gomery street, to Montgomery avenue, to
Kearny street, to Market, to Van N>ss
avenue, to Sacramento, countermarching
on Van Ness avenue for review at Post
street.
The parade will be formed as follows:
San Francisco Pol:<v- Department, north
Bide "f Market street, righi resting on
Montgomery street, facing south.
First Division— Casassa's Band Troop*
G and C, grand marshal staff and
aids In rear of Polio--- Department on north
side of Market street, facing west
Second Division— United States army
troops, north side nf Market street, right
reptinp on Battery, facing south
Third Division— On south side of East
street, right resting on Market.
Fourth Division— Spear street, right
resting on Market.
Fifth Division— Main street, right rest
ing on Market.
Sixth Division— Beale street, right rest-
Ing on Market.
Seventh Di vision— Fremont street, right
resting on Market.
Eighth Division— First street, right rest- 1
Ing on Market.
Ninth Division— Second street, right
resting on Market.
T( nth Division— DaVls street, right rest-
Ing on Market.
Eleventh Division— Front street, right
renting on Market.
Twelfth Division— Battery street, right
resting on Market.
Thirteenth Division— Sansnme street
right resting on Market.
Fourteenth Division -New Montgomery
street, right resting on Market.
The number of United States regulars
in line will far exceed those who have
graced similar occasions in the past. It
! is thought that. Including cavalry, heavy
i and light artillery and infantry, there will
I be 2000 men in the division, which will be
I commanded by Colonel Freeman, U. S. A.,
and not by Major General Shafter, as has
I been erroneously published. Major Gen
: eral Shafter will act only as the review
inp officer, and will be escorted from his
; residence at Fort Mason by the Signal
Corps, f'aptain Hughes, to the point of
I review. Post street and Van Ness avenue.
As the command is given to break ranks
» firing party in Portsmouth square,
■ where the flag was first raised in San
1 Francisco, will fire the national salute of
I twenty-one guns.
TiIREWOHKS DISPLAY.
Dewey and His Flagship in
Fiery Outline in the Sky.
The fireworks displays for the evening
are confidently expected to surpass any
thing of the kind ever attempted in this
I city. At three points in the city best cal
j culated to give general satisfaction to the
whole public it has been arranged to il
luminate the heavens as soon as it is dark
* enough to permit of good results. These
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JULY 4, 1899.
I are: Washing-ton Fquare, Stockton and
i Union Rtreets, fi>r the benefit of the resi
! dents of the North Beach section; a lot
| in the vicinity of the Chutes, to give eltl-
I zona of the western part of the town a
run for their subscriptions to the fund;
and the third at Sixteenth and Folsom
streets, for th« benefit of the Mlssionites.
At these re will bo the usual
! stork displays of pyrotechnics, that never
| change fashion and are always interest
ing, and, in addition, all of the newest and
best devices for Bhowing pictures of rlame
against the sky. There, will be flaming
tourbillons, bursting shells, rockets, gold
en fire and golden rains, puzzle wheels
and laburnum clouds; there will be eer
i ulean flower-pots and comics on fire to put
the requisite leaven of humor In the seeth
ing mass of patriotism. Aside from all
- flaming evidences of the patriotic
ng of the people of San Francisco.
MISS DEMOCRACY: "Oh, Such a Fourth!''
there will be presented at each of the.=i>
places a special fire picture which is sure
to meet with "approval. At the chutes it
will be "Dewey on the Bridge. " showing
the full length figure of the great admiral
standing: on the bridge of the flagship
Olympia during the battle of Manila Bay.
At Washington square the piece de re
sistance will be "Our Hero, Dewey," a
faithful reproduction in fire of the like
ness of the man who sank Montojo's fleet.
At Sixteenth and Forsom streets, in ad
dition to a full length picture of "Dcwey
on the Bridge," there will be another de
vice in brilliant lancework and fire of the
flagship Olympia, with steam up, plowing
her victorious course Into the harbor at
Manila.
THE LITERARY EXERCISES.
An Elaborate Programme to
Be Rendered in Metro
politan Temple.
The literary exercises In Metropolitan
Temple will begin at 1 p. m. An elaborate
programme has b^en arranged for thp oc
casion and it ran be safely stated that
oi !v those who are on hand early will
obtain seats. President of the Pay
Qeorge R. Fletcher will be in charge, and
will be plenty of patriotic instru
-1 music as an adjunct to th«» ora
tions, poems, songs and recitation? to in
spire the assembled multitude with a full
appreciation of the great day. The pro
fcrnmme in full is as follows:
National overture. Blum's band: re
marks. President of the Day George R.
Fletcher; poem, composed by Eustace
Oiljinan; "The Star Spangled Banner."
Ladies' Quartet— Freda Nipgen. first so
prano- Kitti^ McShane, second soprano;
Lillian Ewing. first alto, and Mabel Bo
yer, second alto: address of wel<-om a .
Mayor Plielan: oration. Merton C. Allen:
choral, under the direction of Professor
McKenzie. "The Stars and Stripes For
ever" (Sousa) und "The Day That Dewey
Comes Home'\( Johnson) ; reading of the
• Declaration of Independence, D. L. Ryan;
patriotic SPlootVn. Press <'lub Quartet-
Rhys- Thomas, first tenor: Fletcher Tilton.
second tenor; W. J. Batchelder, first bass.
and Charles J. Parent Jr., second bass;
choral, "The Vacant Chair." J. W. Mc-
Kenzie.
Ycuthful Patriots Wounded.
■Willie Johnson, aged 12 years. living at
27 Langton street, while showing another
boy how to use a toy pistol yesterday
afternoon, was accidentally shot in the
'■ left hand. He was taken to the Receiv
i Ing Hospital, where the wound was
dressed by Dr. Dray.
I Claude Davis, aged 13 years, was ac
verely burned about the face last evening ,
! by the explosion of a miniature cannon. ;
i The accident happened on ;>lission street.
I between Fourth and Fifth. Young Davis
saw several other boys trying to discharge
the cannon and becoming disgusted with :
their method, as he expressed it, he vol
unteered to do the firing. Applying a i
lighted match to the fuse, there was a i
sudden explosion and the patriotic youth j
was knocked into the street. His face
; was badly powder-burned and it was at
first feared that his eyesight was de
stroyed. He was at once removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Dray found
th it his oy<-s had escaped the burning
powder. HJs face, however, will be dis-
Bgured for life.
Walter Lohman. a young man, was ac
cidentally shot in the right hand last
night by the premature explosion of a \
toy pistol. Lohman was standing near his;
home at 335 Fourth street, when he espied
several boys trying to fire a toy pisMl \
which belonged to his sister. To make it
more deadlj . the girl had inserted a piece
of wood in the barrel. Lohman, unmind
ful of the danger, took the pistol and,
after repeated attempts, managed to snap
the cap. The charge entered the palm of
his band, making a severe wound. At
the Receiving Hospital Assistant Police
Surgeon Dray found the piece of wood
Imbedded in Lohman's hand.
William rarr, aged 19 years, living at
X?,'J Douglass stre.-i. was accidentally shot
In th« index linger <>f the left hand with
a toy pistol. The accident happened at
San Pedro, wh^re f'nrr and several com
imni'iiis were spending the day.
Trotting and Pacing Matfnee.
Amon^ the Hports of the national holi
day will be the trotting and pacinp mat
inee of the Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation at Oakland rr.-irk. The associa
tion will throw the sates open to all lov
ers of pood driving-, and from 1:30, the
hour when the first race will start, until
tlif- close of the programme there will he
one of the best exhibitions of Rentlnmen
driving that has ever been witnessed on
the coast.
"Will Make a High Dive.
F. B. Raimes, who claims to be the
champion high diver of the world, an
nounces that he will dive from the high
est tower on the ( 'liff House into the
ocean this afternoon. The distance Is 110
feet, but Mr. Raimes is confident that he
will accomplish the dangerous feat with
out any mishap. He recently dove 100
i>et at Catalina, and a f*-w days ago
jumped sixty-six feot into the plunge at
Sutro Baths.
Costly Fireworks.
The roof was burned from the residence
of Mrs. A. E' Cooley, 1*27 Sacramento
street, yesterday afternoon. The house is
a two-story structure, and the loss will
be several hundred dollars. The cause of
the fire was fireworks. Several other
small fires originating from the same
cause were reported during the day and
evening.
NEW FIELD OFFICERS
FOR THE DANDY FIFTH
A Meeting of National Guardsmen
at Which Many Changes
Were Made.
A meeting: of officers to appoint field of
ficers for the reorganized Fifth Regiment,
N. G. C. was held in the banquet room of
the California last evening. Ballots were
cast and resulted in the election of the
following officers to fill the vacant-posi
tions.
Lieutenant Colonel A. K. "Whitton, elect
ed to the position of colonel of the regi
ment, vice D. B. Fairbanks, retired; Ma
jor J. F. Hayes, to be lieutenant colonel,
vice Whitton, promoted; Captain William
Elliott, commanding Company D of San
Rafael, to be major, vice Hayes, pro
moted. Captain A. D. Smith was ap
pointed regimental adjutant.
After the matter ©f elections had been
settled a general discussion on regimental (
matters was held and it was decided that
never before in the history of the regi
ment had things assumed so bright an
outlook in every way.
At the company election held on the 30th
of last month V. J. B. Cheda was elected
to the captaincy. Captain Elliott refusing
to stand for a re-election In view of his
preeent promotion.
SACRIFICED HIS LIFE
IN RESCUING OTHERS
Splendid Record of Rodger Prender
g-ast, an Old-Time Min
ing Man.
Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon Rodger Prendergast, one of the old
time mining men, died in his room at the
RIISB House.
Mr. Prendergast was a native of Tlp
perary, Ireland, and was 63 years of age.
He came to California in the early '60's
and at once entered upon the vocation of
a miner. He has been, at one time and
another, connected with most of the fam
ous mines of the State, generally in the
capacity of foreman.
The deceased nail an enviable record for
bravery. Over and over again he risked
his own life to save that of another, and
liifi exploits in this direction at various
large ami dangerous mine fires are still
the talk of the old-timers along the street.
lie had numerous medals and other tes
timonials presented to him by those who
mi red htm and had been benefited by
h:s acts of gallantry. He seldom spoke of
these matters himself, though for a long:
time he Buffered from the effects of eras
Inhalation which was the result of his
work of rescue at the ('hollar mine fire,
and which was the principal cause of his
death.
The. deceased leaves no relatives on this
coast other tnan Rev. Father Prender
past; the Catholic "Vicar General, whose
distant cousin he was.
The funeral will . take place at St.
Mary's Cathedral to-morrow morning at
10 o'clock.
DRANK CARBOLIC ACID.
Little Lorenzo Kleebauch Makes a
Sad Mistake.
T.orenzo Kleebauch, the two-y^ar-okl
daughter of Mrs. Kleebauch, rrsldinsr at
832 Filbert street, drank carbolic acid yes
terday afternoon and died a few hours
afterward. The family was in the act of
moving their furniture from the third llat
of the building to a flat below when the
little one was discovered by her seven
year-old sister in intense agony, suffering
from the effects of the deadly poison. The
only explanation of the accident Is that
the child found the bottle of poison In a
room of {he newly occupied fi.it.
Pr. Merzy was immediately called, but
could do nothing to alleviate the suffer
ings of the child or save its life. It ex
pired at 8 o'clock yesterday evening. The
body was taken to the Morgue, wh^re an
autopsy wil lbe held. The mother Is
frantic with grief. About eight months
ago another of her children died.
The New York Kitchen. No. IIS Market
st.. is now under the management of Mr.
P. Johnson, for 15 years proprietor of the
Market-st. Restaurant. Excellent cui
sine, prompt service and popular prices. *
New Grain Schedule Adopted.
. The new schedule of graJn and freight
rates, as recently fixed by the Railway
Commissioners, went into effect yester
day. As the railroad people are appar
ently satisfied with the new rate, it is not
likely to meet with any opposition from
them. ' •-■■:•: :. :'
When the resolution changing the rat«
was first adopted the Southern Pacific
filed a formal protest. The change has
been complied with, however, and J. C
Stubbs is the authority for the statement
that no injunction will be sued for by hia
company.
« > ' ' ■ ■ >
Rag Time Hayes, the Pianist.
At Kapp A. Street, taraaie Grotto; nightly. *
Z~7T~ Hales.
July 4, '99.
Hale's <
Seven (
California <
Stores (
Will remain closed to-day.
Our seven hundred em-
ployes will patriotically ob-
serve the day of American (
independence.
935-937-939-941-943-945-947 /
Market Street. \
MISFORTUNES OF
HIS PARENTS LED
HIM TO CRIME
The Down-Hill Road
of Richard Jessup.
IS NOW IN A PRISON CELL
FATHER ONCE OWNED A COM
FOBTABLE FOBTUNE.
The Young Man Came Home to Find
Him a Bankrupt and Deserted
by His Family and
Friends.
Richard Jessup, alias Rooney, charged
with having burglar's tools In hts pus
session, appeared again yesterday before
Judge Mogan. It was explained to the
Judge that Richard, who is only a boy IS
years of age, had been engaged in carv
ing an epitaph on a tombstone in the
yard in the rear of 408 McAllister street,
and it- was the chisel used in that work
that was found on him early Thursday
mornlng by Policeman Glllen.
The Judge, knowing the boy's history,
said that he did not like to have the
stain recorded against him of having bur
glar's tools in his possession, and the boy
promised to go to Redding to his father.
The Judge told him to write to his sister
and brother-in-law in San Rafael, asking
them to come to court to-morrow morn
ing, and if they promised that he would
be sent to Redding and get work there
he would be allowed to go on thirty days'
probation, and if he behaved himself the
case would be dismissed.
In the early To's isaac Jessup owned
the larger part of that district of San
Rafael named on the official maps as
West End. He was of a sporting tendency
and had "money to burn." He married a
daughter of a Mrs. Crosby and by her
had three children. The oldest boy was
named Richard, the youngest Edward and
the girl Grace. The daughter is now the
wife of Howard Smith, a solicitor for
Bushnell, the photographer. Jessup loved
his wife, but on her part it was com
monly spoken of as a match for money.
In the latter part of the 'Su's Gresham
P. Jessup, a brother of Isaac, died and
left him vast property interests. Isaac
Jessup and the father-in-law of General
Dickinson were named in the will as ex
ecutors and the probating of the will was
left to General Dickinson. In the midst
of probate proceedings Colonel Kowalsky
and Senator, alias "Detective," Mahoney,
discovered another heir in the shape or
a putative son of deceased. The mother
was a student at Mills Seminary. Isaac
could have compromised for $2u,000. and
wanted to do so, but was advised other
wise by Dickinson, and fought the case,
with the result that he not only lost all
that was willed to him by his brother, but
was thrown in debt to the sum of $10,imXi.
Judge Coffey was twice overruled by the
Supreme Court In the bitter contest at
law which proved so disastrous to Isaac
Jessup. , ■
Following: this contest Jessup met with
financial reverses and the most of his
property was soon sold or heavily
mortgaged. His %vife was fond of lliKh
living and when she found her. husband
could no longer indulge her every whim
they disagreed. The boy Dick was sent
East andplaced in the care of Isaac's rel
atives. Three or four years ago the wife
left the husband and went to live with the
family of a prominent San Francisco
butcher named Keys, whose home is on
Van Ness avenue. The wife of Keys was
the aunt of Mrs. Jessup and when she
died Mrs. Crosby (Mrs. Jessup' a mother*,
who had secured a divorce from .'er own
husband, married Keys. This explains
why Mrs. Jseeup went there to live. In
time Mrs. Jessup secured a divorce from
Isaac, who made no contest.
Poor, aged and friendless, everybody
having deserted him In his tln-.e of need,
Isaac went to Redding, on Still water
Creek, in Shasta County and engaged In
farming and fruit raising. He took his
son Edward with him. hut the boy .lid not
live long after the separation of his pa
rents Isaac is now at Redding, contrary
to reports of his death, and is the father
and not the uncle of Dick, as recounted In
A few weeks ago the boy Pick, who
shipped on a man-. war and ■Micllr.l
powder In the war with Spain; appeared
in San Rafael. His coming was not de
sign for any exhibition of warmth on the
part of those who had been th< friends of
his parents in the days of their Wealth;
and the boy came to San FrnnclSCO to *.-<'
his mother. Instead of welcoming and up
sisting him he was "given tho oold phoul
der" by the ono who should hnvo onrod
the most for him. ttt had no funds with
which to travel to his father. IMsoourapod
and angered by the treatment ho had ro
ceived. the boy drifted around the olty
and tlnnlly foil in with bad ooninaMy. th.
result being that he was found with burp
lar"s tools In hi* j>'" i 1 and landed 111
a cell at the City Prison,
Bco
Dozler. Lawtoni \\ <..i Irwln, Iti^?. H^v
ney. Levy. Atotulo*.», ' "■• Harris, vlll
more. I'nrkrr, win n.. -«.. gtS Unon^iM-.
Ed Andfmm. Muphnpll, Millar, r>Mr;irl.
Ed Jon«s, swii.i.m . Wpplov. AHpu. In fae',
till th« l>rs«l nnmtfiit mnlp cnkf^rtlHrv*
will be ;<"'<ii n< int<>nmttonAl v'nUrWiUU
Cnrnlviil. M«>i hfthltM" PbVI! i Jutv IS
to 22. " ♦
Six Monili? for BrtUery,
Frank WlßfttU \\\P lUoiti-fio^t oMovo,!
soldier of <iin TWifttyirdUHh ttpuirmMitt
who sli.<t » eOJflrJiQli In th^ !rp at (h*>
Presidio, iu»r»« «i •■•' '"Tori* '••.<!>■■ Trrftd
•well JTMri,]:,, Th»» *<vl»Jc»>v thow*q lK ft V
tin -!i....1.. w-ns ni'tl>^l^rtl. t\\w\ Uip
ch&rg* \\»b '•- lyi ; tr* b«\ttrvy. Tim
JlldgO n<iil,ii. . .1 him <rt «in meji»hs« In Ih*
County .' in ii. hna h*i>n .'nuvt-mrttUrtlPvl
and .11r.li:. ■ E . .1 i. .... .i.. nim.v.
■ «
At Mltin.Mi l!l. 1.0 8 0. .(!,,,,,.„ « >,,,!, ,
prlv*te i... .m 0 win....,, -.„ >,^.u . , • .
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63 d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
Just been added.
" ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book. "The Empire Illustrated.'*
and other particulars.
,W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
♦ OsO<£O<£O4>O<S>O.s>O<s>O«'O<S>O<3>O<S'O*O''?-
ItfIGHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
♦ . Cgr A Natural Mineral Water *
£ Hi with medicinal qualities, O
o E!mk. For Indigestion and °
o 4j^pk Stomach Disorders. 6
M So-called VICHY I
«> afe^^ia in SIPHONS |
I jicKY^ isjoj VJCHYf
§.£■^^4 Get the Genuine n
„..__, -.^..-.^nii' «
O A. VIGNIER. Distributing: Agent o
♦o*>o<^o<» v O<i>o'S>o<B>o<$ ¥ o<S>o<*-o<£>o"3>o* > 0*
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit. Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by drink.
Wfl WVAKAJfTEE KOI BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written jntar-
antep or refund the money, and to destroy the
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTSftUC nDluy canB **" 3lllH Poverty
ainuno Unlr^^nnrt nc^tli. Upon receipt
tf SlOOO m will mall you four ft] boxes and posl-
lvs wrttten t-.-i «>«.... to cure or refund
onrrronev. Sln<- - " "><i
GEORGE DAHLBENDER * CO.. Sola AjrUL.
tu Kearoy at.. San Frandaoo.
JOEPOHEIM,t»Ior
Msken the Rest Fitting; Clothes at 25 per
cent less than any other house on the
l'aclflo Coast, anil" it la the only house
where you net fine clothes at moderate
prices. m ~
PANTS f i SUITS
*, i TO ORDER
TO ORHVU /*i^!k
$4.50 mm *o-oo
6.00 JHjl 15 -50
6.00 ilSf
7.00 ml 1T.50
800 ik 20.00
g " 00 m w 25.00
10.00 30.00
FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60
T!w firm v>( JOK POHEIM la the Ur S n« on the Coast.
l?.i!<-« f<v wlf RttMUftmcCl and utv.ples of cloth s«nt free.
tt fi*rm«H* are uo« » .ii.»!.i. ! v ' v in every respect , money
«rf«nd*J 801 Hn.t -.'o.; JlontitonuTj St., and
lllOanil 1112 JlarKotSt., S. F.
49$ t'ontiponili M . Oakland
143 S. Spring St.. Lo* ln B el««
&Co.^ffi^
X patents! Q
_\to^S MARKET 'ST'S-F^S^
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SIM CHIC MIXTURE,
r ,•> Hi.- .mho of Qonorrhoo. Gle«ta. Stricture*
,,i «n«loa:v!U» conu>Ulnt« of th» Organs o(
i.. . . «ii.n
niM $1 • *»«tti». Fur »ala by drurKlata.
Wriilfs Indian VeEtetablP Fills
a, a «i<viii>« ie,i B r.i by thou»amta of persons
«1... li«\. u«0,1 tlirm t&t forty years to cura
Fl< IS Uti-.M'Ai MX. OIDUINES3. CONSTI-
i -.\h.»n 1.!..,.! Uv»r. Weak btomacta. rum-
I »'!•• «ud I'uiui iii» blood.