VOLUME LXXXVI-XO. 18.
TIME TO END THE WAR IN
THE PHILIPPINES.
TIE FAME OF
OTIS TO GRASP
THE SITUATION
Despite h|is Protests It Is
Apparent That hje
Needs More Mer).
Spools r>i.-].;i|.-h to Tho Call.
T TT TASHIXGTO.N. Jur..> 17.— De-.j
\ A / velopmenis aiirinß the last
\/ \/ nvo !no » llis Ii; - V 0 shown .-on-:
H V dusively il at the military
authorities have underesti
mated the task which confronts Major
General Otis in the Philippine Islands, j
It is a}so evident that unless a niuchj
larger force is sent out the struggle ]
must he continued for a long time, j
When all the men now under orders j
r«ach Manila and the three additional I
regiments decided upon have been en- ;
lifted Genera! Otis will have ahout :'.:'..
--n-i;i !,>■!!. ?M<) more than he has s-aid he i
needs: hut the force, in the judgment i
i.f many military authorities, is far too
small to make rapid progress against [
th" insurgents. It is evident that few
more regulars <-.\n be spared from the
Final] force retained in the United
Slates, unless volunteers are enlisted
to replace them, and the President is
heing strongly urged not to delay any
longer calling for an adequate force of
volunteers.
It 1? pointed oiu that the President
is taKing too liic: a risk in • fusing to
call for volunteers. It is true that (len
err.l otis lias said he does not need
more men. and he ought to be the
judge; hut it is also true that the pre
dictions of General Otis have not been
borne out by the progress of the cam
paign, and that all officers who have
returned from the Philippines and the
press dispatches which the censor has
nllowed tn romp fr>>ni Manila agree
that the force, asked for by General
Otis will not be sufficient.
The President is refraining from call
ing for more men, because he wishes
to avoid criticism of the opponents of
r. large army. Unless General Otis
should ask for I hem, ii is. apparent that
the administration has no intention of
sending him any more troops than
those covered by recent orders. Adju
tant General Corbin said • • day that
General Ottts would be supplied with
every '".in, every rifle, every equipment
that he might ask for. '"He has stated
repeatedly that 30,000 men would be
sufficient to control the situation, and
he knows more about it than the peo
ple who sit at their desks in the United
States and attempt to state the num
her hi troops he should have," said
< lent? ral ( . bin.
The island of I-uzon is 41.000 nan
miles in area. •if this vast territory
th»» American troops control the «'ity
of Manila and a strip of territory
across to Laguna d<> Bai. They also
hold t lie railroad and a strip of terri
tory on both sides of i 'alumpit . and
then a road connecting that point with
Pa n Fernando, where General Mac-
Arthur's headquarters arf established;
¥an Fernando is about thirty-live
miles from Manila. To ihi? south of
Manila. General Lawton has advanced
a'lon^r the coast about ton miles, but it
!s expected he' will soon return to the
city, nd he < mint over which he
Tapped will a^ain bo occupied by the
'nsurg
.\t iioiio, ■ ■ •
when ;\ iary army is estab,
I '. !. Vmerioan Ooverni
" and Bridg-
One bat
THE CRATER OF KILAUEA IN
ACTIVE ERUPTION.
Volcano House, on the Edge of the Crater of Kilauea.
Y[CT< >RIA, 8.C., June 17.— Kilauea,
the gr< ai .;i. j .
in action, a< ■ . a d
brought to Honolulu by the li
ii la nd s teamer VV. r;. Hall, and
fron Varrin
Tho erupi lon romn . sth
; . and is decls ■ •
1 han anj since 1894 The column of
=tpam. smoke and tire eannoi b
•he Kona side on . ouni of th •
iniervrninpr mountains, b
grand sight from the 0
tail? of the extent
r.ot obtainable by the ■ f tht
Hall, a? tho teleph* ac to th
House could not v '<"' gol to
ti;"neli In good order just befo: 1
eruption
The San Francisco Call.
THE PEOPLE
GROW WEARY
OF SLAUGHTFR
NEW YORK, June 17. — That J
rebellion in the Philippines q
should be put down once and for
all without a moment's unneces- q
sary delay, and that to accom- q
p/ish this American troops should q
be at once largely increased in o
numbers, is the almost unani- q
mous opinion of the American q
people as voiced by the Govern- 1
ors of States and the highest *
authorities in National Guard ♦
organizations. >
This is shown in the great +
number of answers received by +
the Herald to its questions ask- %
ing Governors and militia offi- -o
cers whether they believe the *
American force in the Philip- ♦
pines is strong enough to crush ♦
insurrection and, if not, how
many more men should be sent •»
to the islands. *
These answers show a vary 1'
decided opinion that more troops &
must be sent to Manila and that -.)
the number should be enough to 0
quickly overwhelm the rebels, O
whether the number be 50,000 0
or 100,000. The feeling is prac- «
tically universal that the pres- O
ent policy is more cosily in lives O
and less creditable to the coun-
try than it would be to raise
the army to 100,000 men or
more, hurry them to the Philip- O
pines and utterly destroy the q
rebels in one short, sharp cam- X
paign. There is an impatient ♦
desire to see the end of the ♦
war and a willingness to cheer- t.
fully stand by the President in 1
raising as many thousand more t.
men as may be needed to bring q
that end quickly. £
of the First Tennessee Regiment.
h •■>;!.< also at lloilo, lias been sent
to the island of Cebu to assist thp bat
. ' the Twenty-third in main
.•!'•!■. Two battalions of the
■ i y-third are at .1"!". <>n th" isl
"Cesros this Government lms
talions of the First California
. ■■■•■'>.
number of islands in th^ archl
mslj est lmated at fn.:n ■
1200 t.i 2000, and the aggregate area is
i at 1 1 4 .:■.." n square miles. The'
bution of the American troops
consequently, while as < .:■• could
be ex] ted under ih<> circumstances, |
!.!;. does noi mccl the situation.
and many officials argup that the pre«i
. ; immediately call for th^
•is authorized by Ui°
I army reorganization law. |
A great volcanic eruption is aluo re
ported from the Hebrides, Rev. T.
Smaill writing from Epi, under date of
May 1, as follows: "Another volcanic
disturbance has been in evidence these
last few «la\s. A few weeks ago Lopevi
showed signs of unwonted activity, and
artd another rioleni eruption. This
did nol lri)M"''. however.
••On the 15th we heard tip peculiar
rattling din thai told us that one <>f
in- l\\" volcanic neighbors was in a
of •-, uption. This vii ;;■■,] (.in i>.
\ . no* Lopevi, 'nit Ambrim. By the af-
Lernoon Us majestic ;>:!lar of cloud
-i0..,i hish in the air— ;i column fully
feet in heigh;. alm< st perpendicu
it may have been merely a • ■•
.i.. ... cc, but Lopevi hai b?.-n showing
smoke than usual. On former
SA:N FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
STORY OF THE
DEATH OF LOW
MAY BE HOAX
flguinaldo's Failure to
Rer)ew Peace Propos
als Raises Doubt.
S'>f('-ial Cable to The rail and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1599, by James Gor
don Hcnnett.
MANILA, June 17.— General Are
veloe, former aid on Agulnal
do'a staff, In an Interview to
day says the death of Luna
amounts to the loss of iTv per
cent of the insurgent army. He was
the only general in the north and his
death, In General Areveloe's opinion,
means the speedy extinction of the re
bellion In that quarter. The recent at
tack on Son Fernando, however, looks
as If the reported death of Luna is a
hoax. Loading Filipino. merchants say
General Luna was disliked by the
army, hoth for his (lorg outbursts of
temper and also as an avowed enemy
i-f Aguinaldo and other insurgent gen
erals. His death would make unity of
the insurgent army possible.
A leading English banker says If
Luna Is dead, why have not emissaries
come In from Aguinaldo. who is said
to be in favor of peace? Prisoners re-
I".;t that Aeuinaldo directed the attack
i n San Fernando.
Many hungry Filipinos were fed to
day at Paranaque and Las Pinas. The
Issue of rations this morning consisted
of rice and < anried roast beef. Some
of the boff issued was spoiled.
A baualii'n of the Fourteenth Infan
try is making a reconnoissance from
Imus toward i-'alitran. where the rebels
are reported to be. The gunboat Na
pidan arrived yesterday from Laguna
de Bai. <'ommandor Franklin gives th°
dotuMs of an engagement with the
rebels on the lake <m June 10. Whilp
Genera! Wheaton was lighting near
Taguig, Franklin saw 500 insurgents
advancing under cover of the bluffs to
attack Wheaton's left flank. Th<> Na
pldan steamed unseen by the reb?ls to
within 500 yards of the shore, when she
oponed fire upon the enemy with every
gun on board— a two and three inch
Hotehkiss, a revolving Colt, a rapid
tlre <:atling and the rifle? in the hands
of the crew.
it vvaa it tremendous surprise. Tlr*
first charge decimated the rebels and
threw th^m into confusion. The Fili
pino commander, who «a? mounted,
belabored his men with the flat of his
sword, striving to rally them, but they
would not stand to be cut down by the
murderous fire of the gunboat. Finally
th" rebels fled, the Napldan shelling
them until the last man disappeared.
General Wheaton first saw the in
surgents hs they were scrambling over
the hill in Ilißht. He was ignorant of
the reason for the demoralization, his
own fire drowning: that of the Napidan.
The gunboat then steamed down the
lake. A sh<>rt distance down she saw
a Filipino supply train and opened fire
upon it. destroying every cart and kill
ing every caraboo. Continuing: down.
Bhe saw ;i new barrack containing f>oo
insurgents, which was shelled and
burned After th*» barrack was de-
Btroyed, Franklin, with a column of
men. went ashore and found nearly
sixty dead Filipinos and several
Continued on Second Page.
occasions I have not observed any
synchronism In their activity. The
huge black column of smoke went
steadily up all Sunday, and toward
evening the sounds grew heavier, un
til, about 'J.'M l>. hi., the doors ami
windo.vs began to rattle with the vi
biHtion, although we are twenty-five
mil'-ri away from it.
"This continued for a considerable
time, the roaring of the volcano being
at times very loud and heavy. The
quality of the soqnd often resembled
distant thunder, but is generally
lighter and more rattling in tone. It
hns the boom o£ a threshing mill in
ihe country, tnget-her the crash
ins: of a rood metal crusher. Yester
da> ,a:r] to-day the sounds have not
been noticeable.
GERMANY IS
OPPOSED TO
DISARMAMENT
Regards It an Impracticable
Dream in the Present
State of Europe.
SODHUHESSTEXGEL
The Professor Further Says War
Will Not Be Made Less Frequent
Through Peace Congress.
Special Cable to The ''nil »n<\ the New l'ork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, t>> James Gor
don HennPtt.
Till". HAGUE, June 17.— I
sec from late Renter tele
grams that Professor Sten
gel, accompanied by an Ameri
can delegate, Mr. Holls, left Hol
land for Germany to submit to
Emperor William an amended
plan for the milk and water arbi
tration suggested by Mr. White.
That was premature news.
Professor Stengel is still at The
Hague this afternoon, and 1 have
just interviewed him for the Call-
Herald. He is a tall, strong, gr a >*~
! haired man of over sixty, but
j with a still youthful appearance,
due to sober living.
The German savant, who is a
rather cynical-minded man. al
lowing no sentiment to enter into
his calculations of practical facts,!
immediately confessed that < ier
; many was absolutely averse to
, any kind of disarmameni in the
present state of Europe as an im
practicable dream.
"We will have none of it."" he
said. "The conference has re
nounced it. As to arbitration.
Germany is not opposed in prin
ciple, but certainly will not hear
lof permanent compulsory arbi
j tration. which belongs as much
to Ltopia as disarmament. We
won't allow the American pro
posal to pass. It is much too ab- ,
solute. The Russian proposal is
; more moderate by far and might
be acceptable. Anyhow, arbitra
tion will not restrict war. No two
great quarreling powers would i
resort to it or abide by an arbi
tration award. Besides which,
when popular sentiment calls for
war governments must wage it.
and who could compel a great
nation to submit to arbitration?:
Would you have the rest of the
world take up arms to compel
arbitration and thus bring about
a general war to prevent a re
stricted one?
"The present events point to
the vanity of arbitration. Eng
land, who pretends to love -it. will
have none of it in regard to the
Transvaal. Does any one believe
that Russia would admit arbifa-
tion between itself and Finland?'
Professor Stengel then told me
that the conference would not
take cognizance of the Polish,
Armenian. Finnish or any other
questions propounded from the
outside.
According t<> his views the real
result attained by the conference
will he in measures to humanize
war by restricting the rights of
• 'ontinued on Second Page.
WAR CLOUDS
LOWERING IN
THE BALKANS
Turks and Servians Have
Already Been in Armed
Conflict.
Special Dispatch to The (.all.
BELGRADE, June IT.— So
rloua conflicts are reported to
have occurred cm the Turkish
frontier. According to the ad
vices received, the Servian port
at Projjachtltda has been plun
dered and burned, and several
strategic positions are occupied
by the Turkish troops and Al
banians. Great excitement pre
vails here.
EXPLOSIONS WRECK
A POWDER FACTORY
FOUR LIVES
LOST NEAR
SIN RAFAEL
Series of Shocks That Are
Felt for Miles
Around.
MEN TORN TO SHREDS
Flames Complete the Work of De
struction After the Build
ings Are Razed.
— » —
Special Dispati h t i Tlv
THE DEAD.
JOHN SECOMB
EDWARD SECOMB.
THOMAS IWORRIRSEY.
FRANK HOLLENBECK.
THE INJURED.
JOHN FARRELL.
FRANK WEEST R.
SAN" RAFAEL, .Tun.' 17.— The
United States Smokeless Powder
Works, four miles north nf this
city, were blown up at a few
minutes before 1 o'clock this af
ternoon. Four men were killed and two
severely injured. There were six ex
plosions, four of which were heard in
San Rafael, and one was so terrific thai
the shock was felt for a radius of many
miles.
Tlu< unfortunate men who lost their
lives were John Secomb, Edward Se
comb, Tlvmias Morrissey and Frank
Hollenbeck. Morrissey was struck by
a Hying beam and his head was
crushed in. while the other three were
blown to pieces and parts of their
bodies were picked uu hundreds of
feel mw;:> from 1 1 1 - - sci tie of the explo
sion. Six buildings were totally de
stroyed, ihe flames completing the
w..rk of- destruction after the explo
sions had <" tun cd.
The flrri • xplosion tools place
in th" graining house and is believed
to have been due to carelessness on the
part of an employe in turning water
into tlv boilers of the engine. Just
what caused tli" explosion cannoi be
determined, because the only person.-;
wh«> could have known \vhat lod to it
were hurled into eternity. The last
two were minor explosions and had n<
perceptible effect on the general result.
John Farrell, tho enginei r, was se
verely cut "ii tli" head and chest and
burned on th* 3 arms and right leg. His
life was saved by his forethought in
dropping to the ground as soon as the
first explosion took place. Frank Web
ster had every stitch of clothing
torn off his body and yet received not
a scratch, but was badly burned on the
arms and back. The awful force of the
explosion may be estimated from the
fact that pieces of the building were
hurled 200 yards around, while the
trunk of nn» of the unfortunates was
picked up 4^o feet from where he stood
when the accident occurred.
The powder works wore lo<
aboul one mile beyond the Ban Rpfael
r -'"■ links, Jus! ai the base of a ravine
in the hills. Four build
screening house, the prainli
the chilli mill (or mixin.tr house) and
th» % coater house were dust' red to
gether, while the press house was per
haps I 1 .' ll feet ;t\\;iv from the main
works, and the coining house was lo
cated around a gently sloping hill 100
yards from the press housi - Ti,
ter departmeni was totally wri i. !
a!id tho coining house was almosi
shaken to pic/.*?. Where t ho main
cluster stood is now but a seem
chaos. Beams and pipes are broken,
tin walls twisted into huge masses, ma
chinery thrown nit" shapeless piles,
ami in <mp place ;i hol< i I deep.
eight feel wide and twelve feel long
is turn in tho earth.
The scene immediately after the ex
>n was terrible to behold. Mil
with the groans of the two wounded
\ ere booh heard Ihe hear! fi it
shrieks of the family ■•!" Secomb. who
rush* 'i toward the burning n ■ ekage ■
from th>-ir homo a quarter of a mile
distant, v was only a short time until
a large number of pei pie « ere r>n Ihi
and th<> injured men were taken
'•> the offii es of ih" companj a half
mile away ai the request of General
Manager D. E. Newell and Superin
ni !•:. A. Stark. Drs. Wickman
and Sawyer were soon in attend:
upon ihr>n! and did all : '
done to alleviate their suffering. As
soon as they could he removed they
brought i" the Tai lalpais Flote!
I iurkhardi 'i :-. ; ■; es aag in Far
boro the Trip !;!. a stoic, hut the
pain ol Webster's bui , : v\ as such thai
he fn quently caller! '■ ■ hi ■ ■ •
relievo him from his anguish, and
eri ' times tried to get oul
■ The names of the uninjured men are:
iD. E. Newell, general manager; E v
Stark, superintendent; George ( Rud
dock, tester; John Downey, foreman of
t!"- coater department; C. w. R hnert,
era! foreman, and A. J. Stark. New
ell and Superintendent stark were al
the office when the accident occurred,
while' A..). Stark. Rehneri and liud
dock were i I Secomb's boarding ho ts'i
! low ni 5 «aa the only man In th
Kinn nf the building vyho escaped with
-1 nut Injury, il" was too f-w away from
the graining house when the firs! s
1 plosion oc< urred to be hurt by Hying
< timbers, and immediately ran behind
the coining house ■ Ihe nearer
buildings were blown up.
Downey's description of the accident
is both graphic and concise, a;;<l he is
the only living man in a position to ex
plain how the others met death or in
jury.
"I had just left the coater house," he
said, "when the Rrsi explosion took
place, and was on my way toward the
coining mill. 1 left Webster in the
buildinp. The explosion threw me off
my feet, and without waiting a second
TKICE FIVE CENTS.
! jumped to my feet ai ' >un<3
behind the coining mill. The first ex
plosion was in tin - mill, and
thi :i came the oi hers; the second v, as
In the graining house, the third in the
mixing mill and the last in the coater
house I had Webster got
• i w": i > • ■■ house was
Mown up, :ii.ii. running to where 1 waa
standing, fell to I th. Every stitch
of clothing had been torn from his
l»odj and onlj his naini 'I on
him.
There ■ : ■ t\> • minor explosions, but
they did I mto produce anything:
nut a little dust. Morrissey waa Just
coming to work and musi have reached
:i position near the rhilli 'mill when li<*
was hil by and his head
crushed in. His fi I wen all tangled
up ivith the wreckage.
"John Si ml I fat her, was In the
ng h'> ; '?^ w r il h Fran! ' lollen
beck and both were blown to p •
fi the uoater house with
:n^ .'mi musi have gone into the Bcreen
inr; house jusl aa it was reni by the
Fi . rushed fr< nn the
dining r om of the' S irding
!■•.:•-. in tim< to witness the last two
explosions. He says tha much
lof thi di hurled around the
surroundii of it went
str&ij rd and fell on the site
• re the buildings had stood.
!•■'--. ■ 59 years and
' was ■: m live of England. He had been
employed at tjhe works for years. His
si-n, Edward, was aged 28 and was
burn in El Dorado (Jounty. The two
men were the sole support of their fam
ily. The grief of the mother and widow
and the three daughters was heartrend
ing when the news was carried to them
by Su] • deni Stai k thai hoth,
father and son had perished.
"Have you discovered their bodies
whole?" was their Brst anguished cry.
When told thai such was not the case
they, all became hj sterical.
■ My brother must have had a premo
nition of death," wailed the youngest
daughti r, Sadie. "When he left the
house for work to-day he fame to me,
and, placing his arms around me, kissed
me goc-d-by. He had never done that
before, and must have had a feeling
fhai something was going to happen."
Thomas Morrissey was aged 28 years
and went to work at the place where2
FIGHT AGAINST
TINPLATE TRUST
Members of ttye Eastern CombiQe
Do Not ThinK Prices Will
Be Lowered.
NEW YORK. June 17.— Tinplate manufacturers in this city would
not to-. lay admit that they knew anything about the consultation which
was said to have taken place In Chicago yesterday between several
talists with a view to establishing a plant at Jnliet with which to
light the American Tinplate Company.
A. C, James of iho firm of Phelps, Dodge & Co. of this city sail to
day, when he saw the telegrams from Chicago: "it is not unlikely that
Messrs. Huntington and Gould an 1 contemplating the erection of a new
tinplate plant, although we have not heard anything about it here.
Everj manufacturer of tinplate In America to-day is a member of the
American Tinplate Company, which completed its organization on the
first day of this year. Since this combination of interests was effected
th« price '■! tinplate h;is 'Isen about 60 per cent, but the rise In price has
not beer; due t" any action of the so-called trust. The Increase was
necessitated by a rise of 60 per cent In the price of iron and 25 per cent
in the price of pig tin. There is no pig tin produced in this country,
s from Europe. The greater pan of tinplate consist? of lron
plate and is covered with a thick coating of tin, and when the price of
• ■ the price of tin had to follow proportionately.
We know that both C. I. Huntington and Edwin Could aie business
en. If w-.'\ start a new factory, it will be for the purpose of making
They c nild not make ai y money by selling below the price of
an Tinplate Company, n ;-.d it would not be long before they
■ : either quit business nr join the larger company. The failure of
the pea rrop in th>- East and of the fruit crop In California has reduced
the : ■ > ok for the manufacture of tin cans, and it does not seem
that any new tinplat ■ rompanj would form at this tini''."
I his death only two weeks ago.
: In St. Vincent's < >rphan
Asylum when a Id and was set
t . work as prefect when only 15 years
..■•. He had a brother in San Fran
■ and a sister \\ ho is . a Bchool
'• in Hollister.
Frank Hollenbeck, who was a depart
ii ■ frqm < 'ont ra < 'osta
i 'ounty. He also ii | be< n emj
h< iri tim< .
w. bster's family lives ai the corner
,] \V( bster st reets, San
On Maj 23 Webster fell
from ( pici ■ ute to Mlrab •':
Park, Sonoma County, and escaped se
- Injury. H. says he will never
. In a powder fact* r> again.
Farrell laughed and chatted as his
wounds were dressed by Dr. Wlckman
at the Tamalpais Hotel, and said his
chief source of sorrow was that his fox
terrier, which was by his side when
th" uildings were blown up. had been
killed. It took two hours to stitch up
the cuts on his head and dress the
burns on his arms and legs, but he
never murmured.
The Uniti d States Powder Works
built In 1 Timothy Hopkins is
president and F. C. Lewis secretary.
The ~ ■' in the Mills
ling.
This is th" second explosipn at the
works, the first occurring on May 22.
when Two men were killed. It
■was caused by * workman named Nel
transgressing a rule forbidding the
use of steel tools in the mixing: room.
Nobody knows how the explosion of
v occurred," said Manager Ncwelh
"but it is supposed to have been caused
by an employe turning cold water into
the boilers of the engine. None of the
have ever been reprimanded for
carelessness, and if is hard to see why
any risks should have been taken."
Coroner Eden and two deputies were
busily engasred until late in the even
ins collectinp the fragments of human
bodies. The inquest will take place
Monday at 9 a. m.
TIME TO END
THE WAR IN THE
PHILIPPINES
Continued From First Pag?.
wounded, who had been left where th» j y
fell. Franklin picked v" an officer's
i I. but it was impossible to dis
tinguish officers from privates among;
the dead. He reports the lak*- cleared
of rebels south of Muntuilupa.
SOLDIERS ACCUSED OF
LOOTING ILOILO HOUSES
LONDON, .Inn' 1 IT.— The Outlook pub
lishes a letter from Manila under 'late
ril 14 in which the corespondent
ts that he was told by an eye
witness that after shelling the town of
Hollo on February 11, the Americans
landed a party of men t'> endeavor to
the burning houses. The soldiers—
teers and regulars alike-^-got be
yond control and tfgan looting ri«Tht
and left. The first of their depredations
was their capture of all the drinking
- In town. An English resident
found a soldier wearing his best riding
t"]i boots and another man found a
party of soldiers drinking in his dining
r""m. Later he discovered that thy sol
- h id taken all of the valuables in
the house.
The correspondent adds that his in
formant declares the American gun
boat Petrel began thing upon the town
twelve hours before the armistice ex
pired. The senior British officer for
mally protested to the Americans
against their starting the bombard
ment on l 'ebruary 1 1.
VIEWS OF FRENCH WRITER
ON THE PHILIPPINES
r\,r ■ r:_-' led. UO, - • ' ■■! Prep.
NfiW FORK, June 17.— A prominent
newspaper man, Henri Turot, special cor
respondent of Le Claire and Le Monde
.■•■. and chief • dltor of La lvute k- -
publique and Lo Lanterne, recently re
■ ! from the Philippine Islands, by
way ■ : Va •'• •' and sailed for
!:; older tn report th< re
■ •:' his mission to his papers. Befon
sailing he was .isked to furnish the Asso
, I'r-s.- with the Impressions he had
formed in the Philippine Islands and he
How Ing terms:
'•I have just passed sevral weeks in the
i.--!an<is ;<r:d will speak frankly on the ?üb
lect. During your war with Spain l open-
I f i ntly proclaimed my sympa
ir thi \merican cause. L«et this •,,■
borne In mind if i criticize matters, as my
Ism will be solely Inspired by niv
desire to respect the truth, ever and al
'My first visit, quite naturally, was to
General <>tis, from whom 1 had t" request
authority to |i;<ss through the American
lines. 1 was cordially received by the gen
eral and I asked him if he was satisfied
with his campaign and if ho hope ( ; t,,
promptly terminate it.
" 'Ye.«.' he answered, 'I am satisfied
with the results achieved, and from this
time on I hope to accomplish in the quick
est manner possible the patriotic task con
fided to me by my Government. Unhap
pllj . l cannot deny that it will take a long
lime.'
"1 thanked <;«-neral <>tis for his gracious
reception and hastened to ask President
Sehurman of the American Philippines
ission for more ample information.
Mr. S< hurman, I am happy to have the
occasion of saying, Is a very remarkable
man of high Intelligence and of profound
erudition. Nobody could be more wormy
of the mission which has been entrusted
to him. Unhappily, I believe h.- Is powet
!• s.- to obtain satisfactory results.
" 'Why.' I said to him, 'has not Amer'ca
established in the Philippines the protec
torate system like that which France !;»<
installed in Tunis and Annam? It is m
substance a disguised annexation and
would give you absolute satisfaction.'
" 'It is impossible,' replied Mr. Schur
n .in. 'and I will t.-ll you th»- reason why.
At Tunis there Is a Bey ami at Annam an
Emperor, and your protectorate ;.= exer
cised over a stable government. Here
there is nothing of the kind. Wo are in
th.- presence or anarchy, and you cannot
establish a protectorate over a Govern
ment which does not exist.'
" "Hut. 1 I asked, 'in default of a protec
• - will you accord to the Fillpln is the
Fame regime as .-xists between Canada
and Great Britain that is to say. a s-.rt
of autonomy with the recognition of
Ame> lean sovereignty?'
" 'Yes.' answered Mr. Sohurman, after a
moment's reflection. '1 do not see. so far
as 1 am concerned, any objection to the
iishment of such a Bystem. Besides,
it Is outlined in the last proclamation
which we addressed to rhe Filipinos. In
■ first place, we it sist that th.- sov
erelgntj r>f the United States l>.- aci
ized. On that point the Ameri
■an people will never give way. But after
that we are quite disposed toward any
rstanding with the Inhabitants of
those islands.'
"II remained for me to see Admiral
Dewey. 1 had a very great desire to see
and know th< man who enjoys su.-h popu
larity in America and wlmsn audacious
action at Cavite has i>epn very much ad
mired in France. The admiral received
me on hoard thr- Olvnipia and I lost no
time In complimenting him on th.- victory
which he had won. Very modestly the
admiral replied that the greater part of
th.- credit was due to his sailors, wti" had
behaved very gallantly, and to his officers,
who hud seconded him so well.
"'And now, admiral,' I said, 'what do
you think of the Bituation?'
" Tn thetirst place.' he answered. ]ha\-e
great hope in the conferences whirl] Mr
Schurman haa nearly every day with the
Filipinos' delegates, and in any cas<\
Afnilnaldo will be obliged to submit BQOn
• r or i.u.-r. H. has arotmd him to,, many
generals and too few soldiers to resist.'
'" "Hut." I replied, 'should It not be roe
oeniied that the Insurgents fight admir
ably?'
" Vertainly yes.' answerer! the admiral,
"iind I render them full Justice on that
point. They tight well, hut are children
Incapable of military tactics."
" 'At the same time.' I suggested. "I
think you rvught to recognize that on innd
thej conducted the campaign aga'nst the
icis very well.'
" 'That i- true,' said the admiral, 'but
> -!nr<- y,,u have touched on th«- subject I
sniii! be obliged to you if you repeat the
following statement In Franco:
" 'AguTnaldo, during the war with
Bpain, was not our ally, as has been
claimed. We never made a treaty of al
liance with him and we never promised
him anything. We had a common enemy.
He acted on his side and we on ours.
There has never been any understand
ing.'
"Having thus been enlightened upon the
sentiments of the high personages upon
the American side. It remained to me to
tain the views of the Filipino leaders.
One evening I visited Florintine Torres,
Philippine Commissioner, of Manila.
Torres was a magistrate under Spanish
ml.- and is a very intelligent man. He
said:
" 'The i" sition of the Philippine Com
mission is a very difficult one. We are
'.■•ing wh.\t we can to bring about paci
fication, hut -when we shall have found a
solution of the Question with Mr. Schur
man it will be necessary to <;uise Agutn
aldi to accepi it and there will be a great
dillloulty.'
" 'Why do you fear the opposition of
Aguinaldo? Is he an ambitious man?'
" "No; but he has illusions. !)•■ hopes
for tin- Intervention of the great Euro
pean powers, as in Crete, and he even
counts on the co-operation of Japan.'
" "And you. sir, for what do you hope?'
" 'Oh. as for myself. 1 hope the war
will S'H.n !,e finished, for it is ruining us.
We landed proprietors would accept <
government similar to that of Canada.
We in no way wish for the departure of
the Americans, for in that case our for
tunes would be swop; away. It is-- not only
h question of Aguinaldo an<J his troops,
of a nationalist movement, but above all,
of a socialist and revolutionary move
ment, treated by the insurrection.'
"The lower class of people and many offi
cers are military socialist*. I will cite for
example, Luna, who for .1 long time fre
quented the Socialist clubs of Europ ■;
Banlioko, who at one time hail influence
among certain Socialist committees of
America, and the poet, Paterno. who is a:i
enthusiastic Socialist. AI3O, rest well as
sured, the movement is directed mut.h
more against the capitalists, to whateviT
nation they may belong, than against the
Americans.
"I afterward had interviews successive
ly with Beveral Influential Filipinos, no
tably with Gregorio Araneto, the first
Minister of Justice of the Government of
Aguinaldo. They all confirm the st;uo
ments of Torres.
"1 was struck with the fine presence of
i your soldiers. They are big men, strong,
| supple and agile, who hear testimony to
the beauty of the American race. But
unhappily I know that precisely on ac
count of their physical strength they ex
perienced great difficulty in enduring the
climate of the Philippine Islands. This
■ ■ in- paradoxical, and yet it is so. In
warm and damp countries it Is indisput
able that very vigorous men do not endure
, the climate as well as smaller and more
degenerate Individuals.
"Your soldiers light with great bravery,
but it is impossible not to remark the lack
of discipline among the volunteers. The
latter conduct themselves well under fire,
but they pay little attention to obedience
to their 'chief!;.
"I think it Is absolutely necessary for
the success of your conquest to replace
the volunteers as quickly as possible by
regular troops.
"In any case it does not seem to me
possible to hope for a complete victory
during the rainy season. It seems to be
Incontestable in this conquest that for
■ the Interior 100,000 men will not he too
many. We know In France what the sys
| tern of 'little parcels' has cost. It :s an
example which the United States would
do well not to follow."
Japan's Fast Destroyer.
LONDON. June 17.— The new Japanese
torpedo-boat destroyer Akebono, claimed
to be the fastest ever built, was tested to
day by a three hours' run to The Nore
and return. The new boat attained a
speed of 31 knots, which Is a knot ahead
of the fastest destroyer in the British
navy.
THE SAIN T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 18, 1599.
AGREE ON TERMS
FOR THE FIGHT
Sharkey Matched With
Jeffries.
WILL MEET IN OCTOBER
—^
; BRADY AND O'ROURKE SETTLE
PRELIMINARIES.
Contest to Take Place in a Twenty-
Four Foot Ring Before the
Club Offering the Largest
Purse.
Special Dispatch to Thp Call.
NEW FORK, June 17.— Preliminary
arrangements for a tlarht between
James J. Jeffries ;ui<l Thomas Sharkey
for tin- heavyweight championship of
the world were made this afternoon
during a conference between William
A. Brady and Turn O'Kourke, mana
gers of the two pugilists. The confer
ence was held at the Vanderbilt Hotel.
Under the arrangements the contest
will take place on or about October 23,
before th< club offering the largest
purse.
The meeting between Bradj and
O'Rourke was free from exchanges of
questionable humor that usually mark
meetings of this eh;! racier. Each man
desired to make the match, and each
man quickly K"t down to business. As
soon as the meeting began Brady said
thai in view of the fact that Sharkey
objected to a side bet, Jeffries would
waive a side wager.
That feature settled, Brady suggested
George Siler of Chicago as the referee.
< >'Rourke said he considerd Siler a com
p tt-nt man and well qualified t<> fill the
position, but that ho understood Shar
key ha<l personal reasons for not wish
in)-' to have the Chicago man officiate.
lit- asked Brady to alh>w the naming
of the referee to >?o over until Monday.
O'Rourke suggested that the fighters
be permitted to wear bandages on the
hands, but "Billy" Delaney, Jeffries'
trainer, objected. Brady also protested.
Delaney said that Sharkey's hands
were as good as Jeffries' and he should
ask for no favors. It was decided to
postpone further discussion i>n that
point until Monday. Both points prob
ably will be satisfactorily settled.
It was agreed that the contest should
be held before the club offering the
highest purse, the winner of the con
test to take the entire amount. In or
der to give all dubs a fair chance to
bid for the match, it was decided not
to make a choice before September 1.
Bids are to be sent to "Mattie" Clune.
Bach principal will post a forfeit of
$2500 to guarantee his appearance at
th. ring, and the club obtaining the
match will have to post (5000 to stand
as forfeit money. The entire purse
money will have t" be posted by the
club ten days prior to th" battle.
Straight Marquis of Queensberry
rules will govern the bout— that is. the
men will be allowed to hit while one
arm is free and will have to protect
themselves on breakaways. The ring
will be a twenty-four-foot affair,
Brady, on behalf of Jeffries, held out
for an eighteen-foot ring:, hut O'Rourke
said that the regulation twenty-four
foot ring was good enough for Sharkey.
It was decided to leave the size of the
ring to the club controlling the match.
The bout will be restricted to twenty
five rounds.
After the conditions of the match had
been agreed upon Brady, on behalf of
the Coney Island Sporting < 'lub. in
whose arena Jeffries won the cham
pionship of the world from Fitz
slmmons, offered a purse of (50,000 for
the match. Brady asked O'Rourke,
who 1b manager of the Lenox Athletic
club, how large a purse hi.'- organiza
tion would give for the contest.
O'Rourke replied that it would be as
large if not larger than that of any
rival club.
In the meantime Jeffries will not be
idle. He will leave for Europe i:?xc
month. On his arrival irt England he
will issue a challenge to fight any
pugilist in Great Britain, the match to
take place before the National Sporting
(Tub or any other reputable organiza
tion. He will meet any English lighter
for ten rounds or to a finish.
SHARKEY BOASTFUL
Says He Can Whip Jeffries in Ten
Rounds.
SALINAS, June 17.— Thomas Sharkey
arrived In this city to-day. He received
many telegrams from various persons
In regard to his match with Jeffries.
To-night, when asked about his plans,
Sharkey said:
"I am just tickled to death with the
match with Jeffries. I received news of
it to-day. I ought to get a better purse
than $50,000 and wired O'Rourke to that
effect, but I will accept that amount. 1
am now on my mettle and don't need
any training to whip Jeffries. I have
been down in Paso Hobles for a little
rest and to take the mud baths.
"I weighed I*7 pounds this morning. I
! will whip my man when I meet him at
j the Coney Island Club in October. I
j can do it inside of ten rounds, too. I
I will be In San Francisco at 4 o'clock
1 and expect to leave there on next Sat
j urday direct for the East. All of the
details thus far arranged for the fight
are <>. K. to me. I'll fight Jeffries the
twenty-five rounds, or 100 if need be."
Sharkey will leave here at noon to
i morrow.
BOY-TOY CANNON
POWDER-MATCH
Twelve-Year-Old Redding Lad May
Lose His Sight Because of
an Explosion.
RBDDINO, .June 17.— Eddie, the 12-ye., - r
--old son of Dr. E. Gardner, was seriously
injured to-day by an explosion of pow
der. The boy hail a toy cannon, which
he rammed full of powder and then >x nt
over it and applied a mutch. The lad re
ceived the charge full in his face. Dr. ,1.
M. Read spent four hours In picking
specks of powder from his cheeks and
eyes. More than forty particles Were
taken from each pupil. The boy's sight
will be dimmed, if not almost destroyed.
The face is badly powder-marked.
For Saving the Lakes.
LONDON. June 17. -The watchword has
gone out that neither Tammany nor How
ard Gould will have the Lakes of Kiliar
ney. The Duke of Westminister and others
of the National Trust Society have act
ively taken up the matter, and at a meet
ing on Thursday it is expected the Duke
will announce a plan for saving the lakes
lo the nation.
Revised Version of the Bible.
LONDON, June 17.— Church circles have
been somewhat, shocked by the monopoly
of the revised version of the Bible, so
cured by the universities of Oxford and
Cambridge through a verdict upholding
their copyright just rendered by the
Chancery Court. The evidence showed
that the universities had paid the com
pilers $100,000.
Daly's Body Arrives.
NEW YORK, June 17.— The body of |
Aupustln Daly who recently died at
Paris, was brought home to-day on the
American line steamer New York from I
Southampton. Mrs. Daly was a passen- I
ger by the New York.
REFRIGERATOR
LINE TO BE PUT
ON BY GROWERS
Owners of Orchards Decide in
Favor of Stephens'
Scheme.
SACRAMENTO, .June 17.— There was a ;
convention of fruit growers in Sacra
mento to-day, called for the purpose of :
hearing the report of the executive com- i
mittee appointed at a growers' conven
tion in this city a few weeks ago. and to :
adopt a plan of organization. It was cvi- |
dent before the convention met thai there
would be a lively controversy concerning
the method of organization. There was
one faction represented by a majority on
■ the executive committee that favored a .
refrigerator car line, to !><• .owned and
controlled by the growers. While this
plan included the formation of an organi
zation to control the marketing of fruit,
I the market was made so subsidiary to the
\ car line as to be almost lest sight of. .
The minority was known to advocate a ■
plan calling for an organization among
! the growers along a line almost identical j
with that of th( Raisin Growers' Associa
tion of Fresno, and in no way refrring to
a car line.
I; was evident when the convention was
called that there would be a clash be
. tween the contending factions. and
friends of the organization feared it might
end in defeat for the entire plan.
The meeting was called to order at 2i
o'clock this afternoon in the Senate cham
ber and the majority and minority reports
I were read. W. A. Fountain of Newcastle,
a member of the executive committee and
the only one who signed the minority re
port, moved its adoption. He contended
that tli" one thing for the growers to do
was to effect a strong central organiza
tion and pledge the growers of the State
to ship through this to agencies estab
lished by the organization in the Bast.
He contended that in this way growers
, would absolutely control in time the en
tire deciduous fruit crop of the State.
' and when they controlled even a fair per
centage of tills they would lie in a posi
tion to ('leal directly and make contracts
with refrigerator car lines. The organiza
tion, once perfected, would result, he de
clared, in a competition for business
among the various car lines, which would
bring about a reduction in refrigeration
charges a:- great as could be brought
aboul if the growers owned their own
lines, it was further to lie commended
upon the ground that this reduction would
! •• effected without the investment Of a
cent of capital by growers.
Fountain declared that on the cither
hand. If the majority report were ad ipted
and a car line obtained without the per
' fection of an organization, such as out
lined in the minority report, the grower
would be worse off than before, if such
a thing could be. The firms of Karl and
Porter, controlling as they did the mar- |
kets of the East, would be fully as pow
erful as before the growers' line was es
tablished and would materially injure the
gri iwers' corporal lon.
R I. Stepnens of Sacramento, chair
man of the executive committee and chief
advocate of the majority report, contend
ed that refrigeration was the key to the
whole situation. He said that by Its con
; troi of refrigeration the cnr-line com
] bine was in a position to give rebates to
the growers that would militate disas
trously against the grower. He declared ;
that with a refrigeration charge to the
Kai-t of $iin p.-r car. all Of which was pro- ;
I'm, the combine could step right in among
the association members nnd offer them
Inducements so much greater than tho
association, not owning a car 1 i n •"■ . could
GERMANY IS
OPPOSED TO
DISARMAMENT
Continued From First Page.
invaders and abolishing some
of the too-abominable weapons,
such as "dum-dum" shells.
In short, war will hardly l>e
made less frequent through this
conference, but we shall kill each
other more decently and more
respectably.
AT A STANDSTILL ON
THE ARBITRATION PLAN
THE HAGUE, Juno 17.— 1t is impor
tant that the present situation regard
inK the board of arbitration question
be clearly understood. The work of the
peai • conference has been suspended
on this point and probably will not be
resumed for Borne days. On semi-offi
cial authority it is said the situation is
practically this:
The German Government was op
posed on principle to an organized ar
bitration court, and it is found that
these views existed long prior to the
conference and that Instructions to the
effect were piven to the German dele
gates. The conviction obtained in Ber
lin that other powers, notably France,
would instruct their delegates Fimi
larly.
As the conference proceeded the spirit
of conciliation advanced and the desire
tn accomplish important permanent re
sults was manifested. With this grew
up schemes fur an organized arbitra
tion board, notably the British propos
als, to which nearly all the membi-rs
rallied whh the authoritative support
of their respective governments. This
at once left the German delegates in
a peculiar condition, for which they
were not prepared. The difficulty was
not at The Hague, but at Berlin. • In
order to relieve the situation. Count
yon Minister, head of the German dele
gation, after a long conference with his
colleagues at Scheveningen, decided to
dispatch Dr. Zorn and Baron yon Sten
gel to inform the Emperor personally
of the condition of affairs.
In the meantime efforts bad been j
made to find means of conciliation by j
tho means of a limited board estab- I
lished at The Hague, under the ordin
ary representatives of the powers, i
which was proposed by Andrew D. :
White, head of the American delega- >
tion.- This plan Dr. Zorn and Baron .
yon Stengel have been commissioned
to plead for to Emperor William. The
question of the moment, therefore, is
what his Majesty will reply. The most
important fact is that the German dele- j
gation from Berlin were accompanied t
by Frederick Holls, secretary of the
American delegation, who was able to
explain fully the American plan.
In the meantime the delegates of the I
great powers have been merely mark- i
ing time. The delegates .of Russia,
Great Britain and France have held
several meetings, concerning which the
delegates preserve silence, probably '
because no definite decision has been
reached.
There is a growing belief, however, i
offer, that it would end in the associa
tion'a disruption.
Man;.' growers spoke on both sides of i
the question and a spirited and henied
debate followed. At times the debate bor
dered on acrimony.
Fountain of Newcastle contended that
it was only the small shippers who were
interested in a growers' car line; tiiat
these imped by using the money of the
association in obtaining cars for their
fruit to become perhaps rivals in time of
Karl and Porter. He referred to Chair
man Stephens as one of these small ship
pers and declared that the interest of the
grower was In every way opposed to xho
Interest of the shipper, no matter whether
that shipper were large or small.
Stephens retorted by calling attention to
the fact that Fountain as a member of
the executive committee had attended all
of its meetings, and had sat silently by
while the committee was advocating a
refrigerator car line and growers were
subscribing for stock, and he further
stated that Fountain himself, at the first
Newcastle meeting, had signed the agree
ment calling for a refrigerator oar line,
and had pledged himself to take shares in
the same: and at a subsequent meeting in
Newcastle when it was found necessary
to modify the agreement in a few minor
details, Fountain had again affixed his
signature. He characterized his action In
now opposing the plan as peculiar and
unaccountable.
Fountain answered by Btating he was
opposed to a refrigerator car line from
the beginning and that the agreement
which he had Bigned was the effect >f a
compromise in the executive committee
after a wrangle of several days and
nights He said that he had not opposed
the plan at the meetings hHd throughout
the State, as be did noi want to do any
thing to Injure the general plan of or
ganization.
After a considerable How <>f eloquence
and much heated argument a motion was
made to adopt the minority report. The
vote on this motion was 17 for to 23
against. The Newcastle growers, who
had subscribed for $17,500 out of 125,000
worth of stock taken, voted in favor of
the minority report. When this result
was announced ;i motion was at once
made to adopt the majority report, which
calls for a refrigerator car line, to be
owned and controlled by the growers.
This motion was carried by a vote of
•12 to IS.
While there is no doubt that some of
those who favored the minority report
Will withdraw from the organization the
number will, be very few and the consen
sus of opinion among tin- growers is that
to-day's convention has taken a long step
toward advancing the Interests of the
California fruit industry, no matter what
may be thought regarding the plan to bo
pursued. The car line which the growers
propose controlling probably will ,be
leased, as tlv capital on hand is not 1 i tc • ly
in the immediate future to be.'anywhere
near sufficient for the building of car.-.
As a sort of compromise it is believod
that the directors, before taking any
steps toward controlling a line of their
own. will first ascertain what kind of
rates cr;i lie obtained from car lines now
In California or th<-> East.
SANTA ROSA. June 17.— At a meeting
of the Sonoma County Horticultural So
ciety this afternoon a resolution was
passed indorsing the movement In <'ali
fornina to secure shipment of the prod
ucts of the orchards. The subject under
discussion was the refrigerator-car com
bine. Many speakers spoke against the
combine
that Emperor William is favorable, and
th;it th'- <>th< ■!• powers will accept the,
new i>lan as the basis of discussion,
and will at nn< ■-• proceed t<> discuss a
definite plan for an arbitration board.
The sub-committee on the extension
of the Brussels convention met to-day
under the presidency of Prof >ssor Mar
tens and adopted several < lauses. The
report will be presented to the draft
ing committee with immaterial
changes.
VOLUNTARY RETIREMENTS
OF OFFICERS IN NAVY
An Opinion Giving the Number
Available by the Judge
Advocate General.
WASHINGTON, .Tun.- 17.— Judge Advo
cate Lemley has rendered an opinion con
struing the meaning of the naval per
sonnel ar< relative to voluntary retire
ments. The section in question, sectii i I
authorizes the Presldem to retire officers
of each grade, providing a certain speci
!i><l number of vacancies do not occur an
nually in these grades through natural
causes. The Judge Advocate General
holds that the ait requires thai a sufii
cieni i umber '•!" oittcer-; and no more are
to be placed mi the retired list to cause
the pn scribed number of vacancies, and
applying this rule to the existing naval
lists he flnds that there will l>.- no cap
tains retired, becausi there are ai
ready fourteen vacancies above t !i. grade
of commander, while only thin., mi are
contemplated by law; that two com
mandera will be retired, there being eigtfr
teen vacancies now. two less than re
quired; that seven lieutenant command
ers will be retired, there being twen,ty-two
vacancies and the law prescribing twenty
nine, and no lieutenants retired; the total
number of vacancies, forty in the higher
grades, meeting all the requirements of
the law.
The names of the officers who are under
this decision, eligible for retirement and
will be retired ;uv: Commanders N. ?.
Ross and .1. \*. Nannura (late of the en
gineers' corps); Lieutenant Commanders
\V. H. Drlggs, T. I'orter. ,1. 11. Moore, R.
t:. Peck, .1. C Hanus, D. A. Fisk and F.
11. Holmes. All other applications for
voluntary retirement fall.
MANY DEATHS CAUSED
BY THE HURRICANE
There Were Also Many Disasters
Among Shipping Along the
Queensland Coast.
VICTORIA. .B. C, Juno 17.— The !
steamship "Warrimoo, arriving to-night
from Australia, reports the grounding
i>f 11. M. S. Pylades, and the total less
of the large steamship Loch Rloy on
the Queensland roast (luring a hurri
cane earl}.' In May. Twenty-four lives
were lost by the wrecking of thy Loch
S!oy, and the estimated loss of life in
th-.> storm-swept district is ir>o- or 200.
A relief party organized by James
'Mark, president of the Pearl Shelling
Company, has buried -thirty-eight bod
ies. He reports that of forty vess -Is
anchored for safety along the coast be
tween Cape Melville and Bathurst Bay
only one was saved. She uragg^l her
anchor and drifted into ieep water, by
pure iccidunt, Th ■ loss of the L-och
Sloy, which occurred botwopn Cape Re
dout and Cane Coudie, is said to be
owing to the absence of a lighthouse
on the southwestern extremity of Kan
garoo Island.
«.
FITZSIMMONS-McCOY FIGHT.
Twenty Thousand Dollars Offered by
a Denver Club.
DENVER. June 17.— Manager Otto C.
Floto of the Colorado Athletic Association
to-night confirmed the announcement sent
from Chicago to-day that he has offered
J20.1K10 for a nght between "Bob" Fitzsim
inons ami "Kid" McCoy for the middle
weight championship of the world. The
men are to welsh in at 168 pounds. McCoy
telegraphed his acceptance of the offer.
Mr. Floto said the statement that this
match, if made, wouid interfere with the
McCoy-Choynski tight, scheduled for July
2ft. was a mistake, as the meeting with
Fitzsimmons would be put off far enough
to permit McCoy to recover from the bout.
SLAYS A WOMAN,
THEN HIMSELF
Crime of a Kanaka at
Sacramento.
ATTEMPTS THREE MURDERS
ONE VICTIM ESCAPES WITH A
SERIOUS WOUND.
Frenzied Man Dashes His Infant
Child to the Floor in an Effort
to End Its
Life.
Sjie.tal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 17.— Ben Ka
luha, a Kanaka diver and fisherman, at
noon to-day shot and killed a Kanaka
woman who passed as his wife. He
then shm twice at her sister. Mrs.
George Wlmmer, one <if the bullets
causing a serjous wound in her thig-h.
Seizins his two-year-old child, he
dashed it with great force to the
ground, in the hope of ending its young
life. Having thus distributed destruc
tion about h«> turned the revolver on
himself and fired a shot that killed him
almost instantly.
Kaluha had for a number of years
been employed .-is a diver on the Gov
ernment snagboat Seizer. The boat has
had no occasion for his services of late,
and so he has put in his time as a river
fisherman, making his home at Vernon
Sutter County.
The woman with whom he lived came
down from Vernon a few days am> to
visit her sister, one of the victims of
to-day's tragedy. Kaluha followed yes
terday. He was not a drinking man,
but, it appears, was short of money,
and a few minutes before the killing h"
was heard to ask hj.s putative wife for
a few dollars.
It is not believed that tho murder
had its origin in this incident, but
rather in the fact that Kaluha suspect
ed the woman of unfaithfulness.
Mrs. Wimmer and the child will re- |
cover. The tragedy occurred at mid- i
day in one of the most thickly settled
portions of the city, and part of it was
witnessed by two painters, who were !
perched high on some rigging on a j
nearby building. They were powerless |
to prevent the fiendish deed of the!
frenzied Kanaka.
MARRIAGE OF MISS
WILDER A SURPRISE
Honolulu Agog Over the Announce
ment That the Heiress Is a
Bride.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 17.— The preatest
surprise Honolulu has had in some tinie
is the announcement of the marriage of
Helen K. Wilder. The young woman is an
island girl, but is well known in Snn Fran- I
Cisco. Honolulu people are surprised be
cause the marriage was a secret one, and
was kept very quiet for two weeks after.
The marriage took place in May 16. The
same day the bride left for Fran
cisco, leavinff her husband. H. J. Craft, to
break thf> news to her mother. Miss
Wilder, or Mrs. Craft, is still in San
Francisco, though her husband exj
her home at an early date.
The young woman ls a well known
lifrure in Honolulu on account of her
nectlon with the Humane Society. She. la
the special officer of the organization,
: ports a i'a'ipi and has power to arrest
brutal drivers.
About two years ;ipn she was enpag°d
to marry George Semmes, a lieutenant in
the United Spates navy. The engagement
\ui^ broken off for some reason. About
i.];. year ago hjer, ensagemen/t to Frank
linger was anrVouftcea. l'n?er is a San
Francisco clubman. Miss Wilder's rela
tives believed that I*r.K°r wanted ihe
young woman's money, so the property
was tied up hard and fast and placed in
the hands of a trustee. Then I'nger went
invaj .
Miss Wilder became tired of announcing
engagements and evidently decided to get
married first and announce the enga«e
meni afterward. Her husband Is a re
cent arrival from Butte City. He is a j
capable and respectable young man. The
bride is the daughter of V\o late S. C. j
Wilder. She is rich in her own right, and
is connected with some of the host fami
lies in Honolulu.
FOR THE PROTECTION
OF FEMALE SUBJECTS
First Organized Attempt of the Soy-
ereigns Will Result in a Con
gress in London.
LONDON. June 17.— A congress which
meets in London June 21 will bn the first
organized attempt of the snvoreig-ns of
Europe to act ;is guardians of their un
protected ipm;ili- subjects and u> ntop In
ternational traffic in pirls. Emperor Wil
liam i.« sending his chamberlain, the
Swedish Home Minister and Chief Justice
nro coming, and the French. Russian and
other governments will also he re]u->'
sented. A hundred delegates are expei ted
to attend. Lord Salisbury, expressing
full sympathy with the object of thf
meeting, has decided noi to appoint an
official representative, but has asked for
a report of the proceedings. The Duke
of Westminster will preside.
WIFE-MURDERER DIES.
Earl Hanchette s Self - Inflicted
"Wound Proves Fatal.
LOS ANGELES, June 17.— Earl Han
rhotte. tHe slayer of his young wife,
died this morning: at the Hospital of
the Good Samaritan from tha effects of
the wound in his abdomen inflict e<l by
himself directly after he sjiot his wife
as she lay in her bed. Young Han
chette never recovered from the effects
of the shock of the operation performed
upon him, but was able to talk, and he
expressed no concern for his terrible
crime. The four-weeks-old baby of the
unfortunate pair will be taken to Dos
Moines, lowa, to relatives of the wife.
George Kcene's Entry Refused.
NEW YOK\. June 17.— The entries of
thf horse George Keene was ordered re
fused in all over-nfßbt events for the rest
>>f tho meeting. This waa occasioned >y
the horse'a vicious actions ;it the post to
day.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Waste Not,
Want Not"
Little leaks bring to 'want, and little im-
parities of the blood, if not attended to,
bring a " Want " of health. Hood's Sar-
saparilla is the one and only specific that
iviU remove all blood humors and impuri-
ties, thereby putting you into a condition
of perfect health and strength. .
,••■•"•■•»>- >*"^^*^ Eyes Scientifically
x£=^v fiCA/^—^^S Tested. Perfect
Ct~~—^ % \ r^i —^ Specialty.
Testi FREE 877 Market St.
CONSOLIDATED OPTICAL CO.
McFARLAND IN FRONT.
Wine the Great Atlantic Handicap at
Manhattan Beach..
NEW YORK. June 17.— Four thousand
persons attended the National Cycling
Association bicycle meet at the Manhat
tan Beach track this afternoon. The
racing was spirited. In the Atlantic han
dicap there was a bad spill on the turn
into the backatretch, in which Oscar
Hedstrom, a Brooklyn wheelman, had his
collar-bone broken and 11. B. Freeman of
Portland, Or., and G. L. Kraemer of Chi
cago received painful scratches. Sum
maries: ,
Seaside dash, one-third of a mile. profession
al—Final heat won by Earl Klser, Dayton.
Ohio; Tom Cooi.er, Detroit, Mich., second: F.
A. McFarlanil, San Jose, third; O. S. Kimball.
fourth. Time. :44 1-.".
Great Atlantic handicap, sweepstakes, two
miles, professional, : first prize £500— Final heat
won. by F. A. McFarland, San Jose, scratch;
A! Newhouse, Rochester, 120 yards, second:
It. A. Miller, Galveston, Texas, 120 yards, third;
Bob Malthour, Atlanta, Oa., fourth, 60 yards;
W. Furman, Los Angeles", 60 yards, fifth.
Time, 4:19 1-5. _
~»
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Juno 17.— Harry M. Sher
man of San Francisco is at the Manhat
tan. T. N. Holm of San Francisco is at
the Vendome. Mrs. K. S. Guiterres of Log
Angelas is at the Marlborough. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles A. Peterson of San Fran
risoo were passengers on the Campania
for Liverpool to-day.
ADVERTISEMEft TS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach
of Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE.
The Remedy Can Be Given in Tea,
Coffee or Food, Thus Absolutely
and Secretl/ Curing the Pa-
tient in a Short Time With-
out His Knowledge.
This cure for drunkenness has shed a radiance
into thousands of hitherto desolate firesides. It
does its work so silently and surely that while
the devoted vife, sister or daughter looks on,
the drunkard is reclaimed even against his
will and without his knowledge or co-operation.
The discoverer of this grand remedy. Dr.
Halnes, will send a sample of the remedy free
to all who will write for it. Enough of tho
remedy is mailed free to show how it is used
in tea, coffee or food, and that it will cure tho
dreaded habit quietly and permanently. Send
your name and address to Dr. .1. W. Haines,
613 Glenn building. Cincinnati. O.,.and he will
mall a free sample of the remedy to you, se-
curely sealed in a plain wrapper, also full
directions how to use it. books and testimon-
ials from hundreds who have been cured, ami
everything needed to aid you in saving thos>(
near and dear to you from a life of degradation
and ultimate poverty and disgrace.
MRS. CHAS. W. HARRT.
It takes a woman to overcome obstacUt,
Mrs. Chas. W. Harry. 980 York street, New-
port Ky. -aid to our reporter: I had for yeaT3
patiently 'borne the disgrace, suffering, misery
and privation due to imy husband's drinking
i habits. ■PSfi&ranSM . . ,
Learning there was a cure for drunkennei>3
I which 1 could give my husband secretly. I de-
cided to try it. I mixed it In his food and
i coffee and as the remedy Is odorless and taste-
less he never knew what it was that so quick-
ly relieved the craving for liquor. He soon be-
gan to pick up in flesh, his appetite for solid
food returned, he stuck to his work regularly
and we now have a happy home. Mr. Harry
was told about his wife's experiment, and he
gives her the credit of having restored him to
his senses. It is certainly a remarkable rem-
edy cures a man without his effort, does him
| no harm and causes him no suffering- what-
ever. Hundreds of others are reported, even the
worst cases where the habit seemed to have
blotted out the last remaining spark of self-
respect I heartily advise all to send for a free
trial to-day. It will brighten the rest of your
life. '_ ' :
Tobacco Cure
A new remedy has been discovered that is
odorless and tasteless, can be mixed with coffee
or food, and when taken into the system a man
cannot 'use tobacco In any form. It will cure
even the confirmed cigarette fiend and is a God-
send to mothers who have growing hoys ad-
dicted to the smoking of cigarettes. A free trial
package of the remedy will be mailed prepaid
upon application to Rogers Drug and Chemical
Co. 158 Fifth and Race streets, Cincinnati, O.
This will help any woman to solve the problem
of curing her husband, son or brother of a habit
that undermines the health, leaving the body
susceptible to numerous lingering and danger-
ous diseases.
PURE, HEALTHY, /*±
FRAGRANT. M|
The unnatural odor from per- T^Qt/ £r'
splratlon and all other impurities V^n**-""^
are speedily and completely removed and th«
entire body given a pure, healthy, fragrant
ton* by the daily use. In toilet and bath. oC
WOODBt'Ry'S Facial Soap and WOOD-
I BURT'S' Facial Cream.
000000000000000000
•■» PALACE 'sp%
%GRANDOemhs°
-. SAN FRANCISCO. Jf
Jf Connected by a covered passageway. ™
1400 Rooms— 9oo vi h Bath Attached. O
1 0 All Under One Management. - O
O -'TrNVV- HOTK-TES PRICES:. \ j *;'o
0 European Dan. Sl. per d«y and upward O
~ American Plan.. •<::.<"> per d.iyjind epward -.
" Correspondence Solicited. ■ O
i 0 JOHN 0. EIEXrAIRICK. U»n;g»r. O
ooooaosooooooooooo
■D"DTTCIJI7C! FOR BARBERS. bak-
nfl 11 nijU ''*■ bootblack*, bath-
***"• ww " ~* houses, billiard tables,
brewers. bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera.
dyers, flourmllls, foundrl»«. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. : shoe factories,
ftablemen, tar-roofers, tannprs. tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 60U Sacramento Sk
r '^SS^^^£H'iM fil> '• aon-poisonom
+< y Jfss£aat>' "^terStel remedy for <J"r."T-rh'i'a»
Gleet. Spermatorrhce%
jF*BK%r '° Ito 5 d»Ti.Tj*J Whites, unnatural lis.
any Gcar»n(«i! £] charges, or any inflamma-
■ ■ißW^cot to strletaro. tion, irritation or ui'.fra-
B™~jjPr:rcats contijlon. tion ■■( mucous mem-
K^ttrHEEvANSCHEMinuno. Iran-s. Non-aatring.-nU
isJBkC h: Vi.U:,O WsH Sold bj OrnprfriMr..
nSHBv V. ". a. jSf cr SPDt ' a Pa in wrapper,
b " express, prepaid, fof
'V < J*fiafW|tra» i^, >; >ffi $1.00, or 3 bottloa, $2.7\
•s^^kH^V" B Circular seat on Vaeciec^
Cl JPATENTSI 3.
>*a^33o MARKET ST. S.F.^a^y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot, fa Market.IMP THE WINNER
OF THE SUBURBAN
FIRST IAEE
TO CAPTURE
THE CLASSIC
Banastar, Choice of tfye
Public, Left at the
Post.
RACE RECORD LOWERED
Black Whirlwlod From the
Middle West Sets a Heart-
BreaK'ng Pace.
/ Special Dispatch t» The Call.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Imp hand
iiy — that Is the history of to
day's Suburban handicap; add
ing this, that the favorite, Ban
astar, was left at the post, car
rying an unprecedented amount of the
public's money, and that he would have
been beaten had he started fairly in
the record-breaking mile and a quar
ter.
For Imp, the first mare to win in the
Suburban history, clipped two-fifths
of a second off the Suburban record
and won as she pleased, although, to
be sure, the boy up, "Long Shot" Tur
ner, went to the whip in the last few
yards, when he led Bannockburn two
lengths and could feel the money.
to 1 was heavily backed and
won a game race gamely. There has
been no such crowd and no such bet
■ 1894, when Ramapo galloped
away with the prize. Lacking a gruel-
Inish, it was still a great race, and
us saw th< black mare come
i winner.
The publi< was on Banastar, and
Fitzgerald dropped the flag at
the tenth break and turned loose the
greal "ite stood stock still
and • eroing in answer to Ma
b .-purs when the last of the others
was a furlong .'.way. Starter Fitzger
ald, often blamed for leaving strongly
backed horses at ih-- post, had left an
there one which carried mure
v than ' -rite of recent
The crowd surging against the fence
as the horses passed the last half of
th>- stretch earned away the frail rail
wed upon the track so
,!> that it almost spoiled Imp's
chances. Turner, with two lengths
then over Bannockburn and watching
him over his shoulder, saw the fence
and give, and then sat down and
rode harder as It swayed toward his
He cleared the tumbling rails,
and setting straight rode home with
; | ig in the last few Jumps,
behind him Bannockburn and
re bleeding under lash
ii nd s] ' :■••■;<•
Turner Is .\ boy new to great vtcto
e§ from the West, where
>red. Wonderful as her
have been, many declined to back
her ! ire had never done
trirk in all the years sine- 1884,
when General Monroe beat War Eagle
and a fi Id ■ f eighteen and ran off with
the first Suburban money.
Only once before in the track's his
tory have the stand and green bet
crowded. In the betting ring one Hter
for a place.
Banastar, fresh from the Rrooklyn
laurels and reported good,
irvelous foil. .wing, and though
rice was 2 to 1 the public could
;;ough of it, and backed it
There had been a strong
ut on Imp. but her sex was against
and probably more dollars were
bet on Bannockburn.
They were l^ng at the post forty
. minutes, the timers said and
some hoped the delay would be bene
ficial ■ ■■■ ■ Holladay. The men on the
i it \v;i? never more thickly
ed pressed close to the ropes. The
buzzing ii ting ring, which had
ike the roar of the ocean, waned
when the horses went to the start. It
was a nervous interval.
In the parade of the horses past the
grandstand on their way to the post
T'.cn Holladay was at the front. The
• received some applause, but the
ter Bhare was for Banastar. He
looked In fine trim. Bannockburn re
■l his full share or the hand clap
] inc.
At the post George Keene was frac
Tan Shoes.
Tan Shoes.
$SMN WORTH OF STYLISH TAN AND
CHOCOLATE COLORED SHOES
AT TRADEWISMNG PRICES.
|| OUR ENTIRE STOCK II
OF TAN SHOES TO !
BE CLOSED OUT THIS !
i| MONTH II
Next year the shades will be d.fferent and
we will not carry a pair over.
/VOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
We want your trade and will m a k e \\ t0
yojr interest to deal with us.
SEE OUR WINDOWS FOR
STYLES AND PRICES
SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO MAIL
ORDERS.
.NOLAN" BROS.,
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 Market Street.
IMP, THE "BLACK WHIRLWIND."
SUBURBAN HANDICAP WINNERS.
tear WINNER. I Jockey. j Value, | WL I Time.
1SS4 'General Monroe |W Donohue... $4.94". 121 2:11*4
i's*"- Pontiac W. Onley 5.855 102 2:09V«3
1886 (Troubadour W. Fitzpatriek 5.700 116 2:12%
1887 Eurus Davis 8,065 102 2:12
1888 Elkwood ' Martin 6,800 119 2:07Vi
1889 Kan. "land E. Garrison.... 6.900 ; 120 : 2:09 4-5
1890 [Salvator 1 1. Murphy 6,900 127 2:06 4-5
1891 Loantaka M. Bergen 9,900 110 I 2:07
1892 Montana E. Garrison.... 17,750 115 I 2:07 2-5
1893 Lowlander McDermott ... 17.500 105 2:06 3-5
1894 Ramapo F. Taral 12,070 120 2:06 1-5
1895 JLazzarone T. Hamilton... 4,730 115 2:07 4-5
1896 Henry of Navarre H. Griffin j 6,000 129 '• 2:07
1897 Ben Brush Sims ! 5,850 123 2:07 1-5
1898 |Tillo Clayton 7,000 118 2:08 1-5
1899 jimp Turner j 10,000 114 I 2:05 4-5
; tious and refused to join his company,
kicking at everything within reach. A 1
ltfilf past 4 the starter thought h" had
them In line and called them. Briar
Bweet refused to break and they were
called ba>k. Ten minutes later they
got another break. They were all in
perfect line, but Maher on Banastar
did not like his position and pulled his
mount up, for which he was lectured
by the starter. Five minutes •
Imp and Briar Sweet and Banastar be
ing the offenders. Another break came
and this time only the inside wine;
moved. Briar Sweet was responsible
for the next break.
Nine attempts were made by the
starter. Then, at last, the Hag did fall.
They were off! The stand rose to it.
The crowd on the lawn strained against
the ropes. A mighty cry burst from
25,000 throats. "They're off!" And SO
they were. And liana-star, with a for
tune on him, was left standing.
Imp. George Keene, Tragedian, Ban
nockburn and the rest — away they
came, Bannockburn thus early chal
lenging the leaders and showing form
which threatened the best afoot. By
the time they got to the stand George
I Keene was still making the pace, but J
Briar Sweet was on his flank, and Tur
ner, with Imp well in "hand, was third,
rfdln*? a bit wide of the others and
awaiting his chance. Filigrar.es nose
was bobbing behind him and he was
doming with a rush, but the effort was
premature and at the first turn Keene
and Briar Sweet were leading, with
Imp well within striking distance and i
Filigrane next. As they entered the
back stretch these were practically all
together. Latson, who had made a
spurt, fell back. The crowd did not
know. To make it more puzzling, Tra
gedian shot up from the ruck into the j
foremost bunch. But it was only a
momentary effort. Her race was run.
Turner, riding straight and touching ■
neither whip nor spur, let Imp out a
peg and she went to the front. Ban
nockburn was so close then and
seemed to have so much to spare that j
the crowd arose and shouted "I'.un-.
nockburn! Bannockburn!"
But Turner had chosen his time and
th" black mare, striding beautifully,
went to the fore and opened up three [
lengths of daylight between her tail j
and the game brown horse behind, who
ran neck and neck with George Keene.
Briar Sweet was coming and looked
still dangerous.
The stand was a sight to see. The
dress parade so noticeable early in the j
day was forgotten. Men and women
Stood up ami shouted "Imp;" "Ban
nockburn !"
They were coming around the last :
turn. They were in the stretch at last
and first to show came the black thor- i
oughbred Imp, with Bannockburn ;
striving to close. For a moment he
gained, and then it looked as if he
might win. But the mare — the first
that ever went the prize-day distance
—had much in reserve, and Turner took
her away a foot or two at every Jump.
But he was not sure. There was that
deadly furlong or two to go, where so
! many had fallen by the wayside be
fore him. There was a hoarse cry from
the stand. The crowd on the green
surged against the fence and were car
rying it away. Bannockburn was clos»
ing the gap. |
fine furlong more! Turner glanced
over his shoulder. The cry of the grand
ptand thousands was in his ears. He
arose in his stirrups. Ip went his
whip. Before it fell the fleet black
mare seemed to feel it. Rannockburn
was feeling lash and spurs, hoping to
head Imp in front and fearing game
Warrenton. who had come out of the
ruck and was driving behind for the
place.
Before Turner's whip fell in that last
furlong Imp was away. The heart
heats of the mighty crowd kept time ,
with the thundering hoofs. Two lengths
and more Imp lead Bannockburn, and !
yet the Western boy, riding his first
great winner, tickled her flanks with ■
the lash. Rh<» arose to it as a horse un- !
used to the whip and in a stride or two
gained more on Bannockburn, who had ;
been dogged to his best.
That was all that was needed. "Imp! I
FORM OF THE SUBURBAN.
THE SUBURBAN' HANDICAP OF Jlrt.W. FOR THREB-YF.AR-OLDS AND UPWARD
ONE AND A QUARTER MILES.
' Betting
Horse. Weight. ;St. i£rn. -^m. lm. Him. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl!
Imp JM| J 3'4 3h 11 13 12* Turner 6 8
Bannockburn 112 7 5 6 42 22 21 Martin ! 6 6
Warrenton 114* 6 677 4h3'4 ,SIms I 2*". 15
lien Holiday 129 11 12 10 10 5 4 £ Taral 8 10
Candleblack 10. 9 8 S S 6 5 3 Odom 8-5 8-5
George Keene 114 2 lh 21 2 1 3% 66 Clawson 15 15
Latson 105110 in 12 12 11 7 6 McCue 20 15
Previous 110,8 11 11 9 9 8.3 O'Connor j 40 40
Star of Bethlehem .-.12 9 9 ]t 12 93 Mitchell 100 100
Flllgrane 11" 4 4 4 « 10 pi j„ittle*field .... 15 20
Tragedian no 3 8 <-, 5n 7 II Williams 40 12
Briar Sweet 121 ; 5 21 lh 3 3 8 12 - , Spencer 8 8
Bunas-tar 12H • ... ... ... ... • Maher f t
•I..-ft at the post, tCoupled with Candleblack. ~ i
Start good for all but Banastar. Won handily. Second easily. Winner, black mare by
Watrner- Fondling.
Place betting— Imp, 2'sjto 1; Bannockburn, 2 to ].
Turner hustled Imp at the end. but didn't need to. Bannockburn burt-ted one of his
hoofs. Spencer pulled Briar Sweet up when she was beaten.
Scratched— Thomas Cat.
Fractional time— H. ill 2-5; H. :24; H. :49 2-5; %, 1:14 1-5; mile, 1:39 3.5; 1% miles. 1:531*5;
if* mile***, 2:05 •*«-». . " • <r*
.. _.v
THE PAX FEANCISCQ CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899.
imp! ' roared stand and green, and the
game mare went under the wire in
record time, with Bannockburn two
lengths away, leading Warrenton by
three lengths. Warrenton holding Taral
and Ben Holladay by a half-length.
She made the distance in 2:05 4-5, beat
ing the Brooklyn handicap record,
which was 2:06 1-f. and threatening the
track record, which is li : 05.
Imp is a five-year-old black mare by
l imported Wagner-Fondling and owned
, by the Western firm of Harness &
Brosman. The best performance shown
thus far this year by Imp was at
Gravesend on June 14, when she shoul
dered 126 pounds in a handicap race at
a mile and an eighth and fairly ran
away from her field, winning by throe
lengths in the fast time of 1:53%.
The other stake of the day was the
Double Event. The Prince of Mel
bourne was a hot favorite and fully
justified the choice, for after indulging
Colonel Roosevelt with the lead to the
head of the stretch he came away and
won as he pleased. Results:
Five furlongs— Stewart won. Fleuron
second, Radford third. Time, 1:022-5
Five and one-half furlongs— Swiftmas
W v',' n i M^» Ml '■'••"I'tiiis second, Lambent
third. 1 Ime, 1 :07 4-."..
Dnul.l.- Event, $1000, five and one-h;ilf
furlongs — Prince of MHi.mmie won Mes
ni ,',' r !> s - StOond - Mark Cheek third. 'Time,
Suhurhan handicap. $10,000 mile and a
quart<-r-Imp 114 (W. Turner) 6 to 1 and
2 to l won by two lengths: Bannockburn,
112 i\\. Martin), 6 to l and 2 to l. second
by three lengths; Warrenton, lit iSlmst
16 to 1 and 6 to 1, third. Time. 2:"'. 4 -."■ Ben
Holllday, Candleblack, George Keene
La t son, Previous, The Star of Bethlehem!
Filigrane, Tragedian. Briar Sweet and
Ba.nasl.ir also ran. finishing as named
Steeplechase, short course -Mars <'han
won. Royal Scarlet second. Black Jimmle
third. Time. 4:13 2-5.
•Mile and a Sixteenth, selling— Hard Knot
won. The Gardner second, GrevliHd third
Time, ]:4S l-. r >.
HISTORY OF THE WINNER
Great Mare the Idol of the People
of Chillicothe.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Imp, the first
of her sex to win one of the preat
spring handicaps, who succeeded when
Gorgo, Pirenzi, Los Angeles and all
the best that went before her failed,
is a hip, rag-god, Mark mare, not pretty
to look at, but a phenomenon when
there is racing to he done. For four
Beasons Bhe lias been on the turf, and,
racing early and late, she ha? won on
all tracks. East and West, in all ports
Of company. Her greatest reputation is
in the West, however, where from Cin
cinnati, where she won a maiden race
as a two-year-old, to Chica 'o, she has
gone to the front and galloped to death
all the best that could be opposed to
her. Her victory to-day was her sec
ond effort for the Suburban, she hav
ing failed in the race won by Tillo last
yea r.
She failed in the Brooklyn handicap,
though prior to her triumph to-day,
she picked up two good races, the last
a mile and a furlong in 1:53%, carrying
126 pounds.
Imp is five years old, by Wagner, the
bod of Prince Charlie. Her dam is Fond
ling, by Fonso; second dam Kitty Her
ring, by Chillicothe. On the dam side
she is of D. R. Harness', her present
owner, home breeding for generations.
Mr. Harness is a farmer of Chilli
cothe, Ohio, and one of the oldest turf
men in America. Nearly forty years ago
his colors were familiar on every promi
nent American racecourse. He owns
a large farm near Chillicothe and there
he has bred winners for nearly a half
century. Imp is the idol of the veteran
turfman's heart, and he had supreme
confidence In her winning some of the
great events of the East.
When Imp returned to Chillioothe
last year after having been campaigned
in the East the townspeople turned out
p n masse. The occasion was made a
great public holiday. The Mayor and
citizens met her at the station with
bands of music and escorted her in
triumph through the streets to her
stable. When she started recently in
the Brooklyn Handicap and was beaten,
Chlllicothe was in mourning and all her
betting men went broke. The return
of the great mare on the next occasion
will probably be the occasion of one of
the most remarkable demonstrations of
its character ever witnessed.
The record for the Suburban distance,
one and a quarter miles, is held, over
the circular course, jointly by David
Tenny and Algol, both four-year-olds.
Tenny ran the distance at Washington
Park. July 16, IS9S, carrying 100 pounds,
in 2:04%. On the same track one week
later Algol duplicated the performance,
carrying 107 pounds. Banquet covered
the distance in 2:03% over the straight
course at Monmouth Park mi July 17,
1890.
Maher Fined and Suspended.
NEW YORK, June 17.— The directors of
the Coney Island Jockey Club to-day fined
Jockey Maher $200 for abusing the horse
Banastar. Maher was suspended from
riding for ten days for willfully breaking
up starts in the Suburban race.
DEAD HEATS RUN ON
TWO EASTERN TRACKS
John Yerkes Ties With Nettie Re
gent, and Marplot and Ed Far
rell Divide a Purse.
CINCINNATI, June 17.— There was pome
sensational racing- at Latonia to-day over
a track that was lightning fast. The
' greatest contest of the day came out of
| the second race, in which John Yerkes
I and Nettle Regent ran a dead heat.
i Yerkes and Nettie Regent were under a
fierce drive the last eighth of a mile. The
j purse was divided. His Excellency was
I a 3 to 5 favorite for the Sensation stakes,
; but was beaten very handily by Lieuten-
I ant Gibson. Only three horses started.
| The stake was worth $1390 to the first
! horse. In the last event The Lady in Blue
j covered a mile and nfty yards in 1:43*4,
! making the mile in 1:40 flat. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Georgie won, Romanoff
second, Jessie Jarboe third. Time. 1:15.
Five and a half furlongs, selling—
Terkes and Xeltie Regent dead heat I ..into
; third. Time. 1:08%.
Mile, selling- Kberharrtt won. Billy House
second. Freak third. Time. 1:41 V
• Tri-State handicap, gentlemen riders, one
; mile— Alamo won, Infelice second, Mizzoura
third. Time. 1:48%.
Sensation RtHkes for two-year-olds, six fur
longs- Lieutenant Gibson won, His Excellency
second. Lew Kraft third. Time, 1:14%.
Handicap, mile and fifty yards- The Lady
,in Blue won, carl C second, George K rat's
third. Time, l:43'i.
ST. LOUIS, June 17.— The feature of the
day at the fair grounds was a battle royal
In the third event between Marplot and
Ed Farrell, which ended in a dead heat.
The Laurel stake went to the favorite, W.
Overtoil. He was never in trouble and
won in a gallop by one length, Faustor
getting the place. Results:
Selling, six ami a quarter furlongs— Mr.
Phlnlzey won. I/Ovlng Cup second. Sorrow
third. Time. 1:21«.
Selling, one mile— Jim won. Air Blast second
Dr. Graves third. Time. 1:42«.
Mile and an eighth— Marplot and Ed Farrell
ran a dead heat, Crocket third. Time, 1:55%.
Marplot and Ed Farrell divided purse.
Selling, mile and three-sixteenths— Parole
dOr won. Chancery second, Helen H. Gard
ner third. Time. 2:02%
Laurel stakes. $1500. thr^e-year-olds and up
ward, six furlong? —W. Overton won. Faust.
second, Tulla Fonso third. Time, 1:14%.
Selling, six furlongs- Don't Skip Me won,
WlKgrins second. Silver Set third. Time. 1:15.
Selling, mile and seventy yards— Streamer
won. Linda second. Gold Rand third. Time,
I:4>'-..
CHICAGO, June 17. — Hawthorne results:
Five furlonps Red <"ross won. Monteagle
second. Ztaza third Time. 1:01 W.
Six furlongs— Colonel Fads won, Ernest Wiles
Becond, i:iner third. Time, 1:15.
I One mile, handicap— Great Bend won, Tenby
,B( nd. Branch third. Time, 1:40
Mile anil a half- Banqti" II won, Lnbenpula
I Becond, Benamela third. Time. 2:3fi.
Seven furlongs -The Winner won, Helen' o Pet
Becond, Uncle Ahh third. Time, I:2ft.
Six furlongs- Meddler won, Afamada second,
News^ather third. Time, 1:13.
SLOAN HAS A RIVAL
IN LITTLE REIFF
Riding of the Midget Jockey Ap
plauded by English Race-
Goers.
LONDON, June 17.— To<l Sloan promises
to have a rival In little "Johnnie Ueiff,
who was accorded a most enthusiastic re
ception when he won the new biennial
1 stakes at Ascot on June 14, on Sir Waldie
Griffith's chestnut filly, Betty Field. He
looked like a child of ten and was all
over the place with the tillv. but straight
ened her in workmanlike fa-shion, and,
riding in Sloan's style, won very easily,
whereupon the women cheered even more
than the men. Such a recognized au
thority as George Courtell. editor of the
Sporting Times, says that, looking at
Beiff's weight, skill ami self-possession,
Ufcre must lie a great career before him.
Princeton Defeats Yale.
NEW YORK. June 17.— Princeton's baseball
nine defeated the Vales at the Polo Grounds
to-day in the presence of 6000 persons— a typical
cniif-pp assembly, with the usual hands of
howling freshmen. Hillebrand. the Princeton
pitcher, deserved nearly all the credit for the
victory, scoring nine strike-outs. Tale's most
noticeable weakness was its base-running
Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
Princeton 11 9 4
Yale 4 li 3
Batteries— Hillebrand and Kafer; Cook, Rob
ertson and Sullivan.
Churches Struck by Lightning.
LA CROSBE, Wls., June 17. — Two
churches here, the First Gorman Luth
eran and St. Paul T'niversalfst, were
struck by lightning this evening, during
the progress of a tremendous rainstorm
Nine churches In all have been struck by
lightning in La ('rosso this year, anil
practically all the damage done by it i»j
this town has been inflicted on churc'ics
70 cents pair
Fop fine quality $1.00 and $1.25 gloves.
Illliliiililiililliilliillllliliill
i The Greatest Bargain Event
Monday Morning,
And continuing all week, will be our great sale of
$1.25 and Ji.oogloves for 70 cents per pair! We
hive set aside 500 dozen very fine quality Kid
Gloves, in Black, Tan, Brown, Slate, Red and Mode
for this occasion. Selling such fine quality gloves at
this low price is so unusual that we expect to see the
500 dozen quickly disposed of.
imniiiiiNiitfNiirHurfffi/MfMM//ifwiiHf///riiHiniv
The Glove House
800 Market St.-Cor. Grant Aye.
SLAVERY EXISTS
IN THE ISLANDS
Ruling of the Hawaiian
Supreme Court.
CONSTITUTION SET ASIDE
DECISION THAT IT DOES NOT AP
PLY TO NEW TERRITORY.
Judgment of the Circuit Court Im
prisoning Two Deserters From
Plantations Has Been
Affirmed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
ARTICLE XIII.
Neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment
for crime, whereof the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall
exist within the United States or
any place subject to their juris
diction.
VICTORIA. B. C, June 17.— The Su
preme Court of Hawaii on June 9
handed down a decision in the case of
the Honomo Sugar Company vs. A.
Sayewiz and N. Gzeluch for deserting
contract service, overruling the excep
tions of the defendants and affirming
the judgment of the Circuit Judge.
These men deserted in September, LB9B.
They were arrested, found guilty and
fined, and upon failure to pay the fine
were put in jail. They appealed to the
Supreme Court on the ground that the
penal clause of the labor law was
against the constitution <>f the United
States, and that their imprisonment
was therefore illegal.
After referring to the Peacock, Ed
wards and other cases, the court says:
"These cases practically determine the
point that the provisions of the con
stitution of the United States above
cited are not in force here during the
present transition period."
This Bettles the validity of the penal
clause in the contract labor laws as the
matter now stands.
The importation of Italians as labor
ers upon some plantations is now defi
nitely decided upon. A number of man
agers have made application for this
class of people, and they will almost
certainly form a part of our population
in the course of a few months. ,
To Consul Schaefer is due the credit
in this matter. As the representative
of Italy in the islands, his word had
groat weight with the Government of
Kins Humbert; and he has been un
tiring in his efforts to collect and for
ward information. The result has been
that the Italian Government is ready
to permit an extensive emigration to
the islands.
There is some difference between the
terms upon which the Italians come
to the islands. In the case of the Por
tuguese the local Government bore 30
per cent of the cost of bringing the
families. In the case of the Italians
the local government will give 50 per
cent toward the cost of families. The
last Legislature allowed $50,000 toward
assisting in Immigration of either
Americans or Europeans, and that ap
propriation is available for the Italians.
JOHN CLYDE SULLIVAN
MADE A PAYMASTER
Commission Given to the Man Who
Was Dismissed From the Navy
for Grave Offenses.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— President Mc-
Klnley issued a. commission to-day 10
John Clyde Sullivan as paymaster In the
United States navy. Hy this action hs
has restored to the naval service a man
who was dismissed in 1894 on charges of
embezzlement, rendering false and fraud
ulent returns, making false and fraudu
lent report and disobeying orders of the
Secretary of the Navy. Sullivan declared
that a great wrong was done htm. and he
succeeded in getting through jhe last
Congress an act authorizing the President
to appoint him a paymaster, with the rel
ative rank of lieutenant commander at
the foot of the list of paymasters hav
ing that rank. A determined opposition
met the friends of Sullivan when they
urged the President to act under this law,
and it is stated that Secretary Long w is
one of those who objected to the appoint
ment. Sullivan was formerly stationed at
Mare Island.
GO UP A GRADE.
Fourteen Pupils Graduate From
Ninth Grade of the Lick
Grammar School.
The following pupils were graduated
from the ninth grade of the James Lick
Grammar School:
Freda Wemlte. John HiißhpF, Harry Ttarri
son, Hazel Lelshman, Margaret Thompson
John Blaik, Nellie Sproul, Emma Harrison.
George Harris, Grace Bedgood, Dora Braun]
Annie Burress, Kate Stlchel, Alice Byrne Mac
Albert.
Freda Wendte received the Donman medal
SITUATION IN
THE TRANSVAAL
Prospect of Settlement
With England.
DEFIANT ONLY AT HOME
KRUGER'S FIERY SPEECH FOR
CONSTITUENTS.
Britons Believe the Conduct of Nego
tiations Should Now Be Placed
in the Hands of the For-
eign Office.
Copyrighted, IS!W, by the Associated Pn
LONDON. Juno 17.— According
to a dispatch sent to a news
agency here from Pretoria, seven
British warships have arrived at
Inyack Island (St. Marys Isl
and), at the entrance of Delagoa
Bay. There is no confirmation "f
the report, and in semi-official
circles it is looked upon as being
untrue.
LONDON, Junp 17.— The Transvaal situ
ation is still the all-absorbing topic of < lis
cussion in Great Britain, and even the
Continent has caught the disease although
in a less virulent form. Outwardly the
question sc. Ms u> have advanced t>ut lit
tle, tbou^rii those who an- inside think
the cause of the CJltlandtrs has gone up
several pegs. 'Ph.- publication of th<
Transvaal bli)e>book with ;• emphatic
denunciation of Transvaal methods, set
ting forth in measured paragraphs the al
leged political, financial and judicial in
compfitency of the administration "i
President Kruger and adopting as pari of
the Government's programme all the
grievances of the Uitlantlers, constitutes
a matter of the highesi import. It was
unmistakably a warning to the 1
vaal as well as an indication to the people
of South Africa generally thai tlv- Gov
ernment has arrived at> a fixed decision,
impossible to recede from, and there are
not lacking indications that the hint has
not b< en lost at Pretoria,
Although it is difficult to separate facts
from fiction in the multiplicity i
Hiding stories, it is the general impres
sion of those in a position to know that
the conciliatory dispatches Which Dr.
Leyds, the representative in Europe of
the Transvaal, received June 11. r< pres< nts
the true situation, while President
Kruger's deflani s] eh of the same day
was merely Intended for home consump
tion. Thr opinion is now growing that the
delay necessitated in awaiting Sir Alfrtd
Mllner's full report of the Bloemfontein
conference will make a way for a pacific
settlement. As an official in the close
confidence of the Government declared, it
would pive President Kruger "time to se<
his house in order."
But unless the talked of concessions are
speedily inaugurated, momentous conse
quences are predicted. The position in
England of the Secretary of State for the
Colonies. Mr. Chamberlain . however, is
readily declining and the emphatic sug
gestion is heard in Influential quarters to
transfer the conduct of the negotiations
from the Colonial to the Foreign Office.
nß %SjQp(^L^^7^r3 / • ■ V I t ****• **-^ HS iflußl Hi g , -/V y^J 2w- ?3 3SM
1 $12.50 Frock 5uit5.. .57.75 I
1 $15.00 Sack 5uit5... .59, 75 f
ra That's the sum" and substance of our "carried- |
H We have had these suits in the store since last fall; *A
If. ' they are what is left of a big lot. We don't want to keep M
M them here any longer — haven't room for them with our 8
H new stock coming— takes too long to sell them in the ordi-. |
El nary way — so we have marked them way down. ; %
M The actual prices last fall were $12.50 and. sls.oo. ; |
H You have every reason to believe that these suits are H
H extreme values for the money, but we will also give you •1 I
g absolute protection so that you will run no risk: ° * |
jp Money returned if you want it; or |
': Suit kept in repair free for one year. |
I The frock suits are all-woo] blue and black Cheviots; good, durable I
jSp cloth; former price — now cut to $7.75 i
I The sack suits are all-wool Scotch Cheviots and Tweeds, single or P
I double breast; former price $15.00— now cut to. $9.75 I
Wl N^!)^ Tia MARKET ST.. N^/ |
H Out-of-town orders filled— write us. |
BLAND'S REMAINS
AT FINAL REST
Funeral Services Held
at Lebanon.
VAST THRONGS ATTEND
SPECIAL TRAINS CARRY MANY
SORROWING FRIENDS.
Discourse by a Methodist Minister,
Followed by the Ritual of the
Knights Templar and Ma
sonic Fraternities.
Call.
LEBANON, Mo., June 17 rresa
man Richard Parks Bland was laid to
test here to-daj with honors befitting iiis
illustrious career. The town was crowded
with thousands of his friends who came
to honor his memory. S l .- - were
rim by the FYis ;o Railro I all were
packed, only a small parl f th< crowd
gained admittan hall, ; he i
ity of which was about hJOO. The rest <■■ :i
--tented themselves wit standing in the
.-: reet in low. The fu w ere
■
nominations w: :> Lie
ban .1!.
. A 1 ■ ■ ' :
m■';• 'i in the in'l\ ol II and the
distinguished guests on iv stage, Mrs.
Bland and fam i '.i ■■- Bland
leaning on the arm of Sergeant-at-arms
B. !". Russell ■• louse of
Representat lv< s. with
lI her side.
The dip« by Rev.
W. K. Collins of the M. . and
was folli iw< il li;
Templar and tin M
William .1. I•: ■ i the
stage, but deli rered
Mrs Bland's requi st
take pan In ill' ser
The funeral pri to 1 I holio
cemetery was formi I i- follows: Lebanon
band. Knights Templar escon
I < 'ongressionai ■ the
li rta ker, hi a rse wit h ren
family; Masonic fra I ■ vi\-\ : I lobart
tary band; St. John's Co
Knlgl
■ . general proces sion. Th< c>: i'-Ke
was the iongesi and mos] Impressivt ever
sei 1) iii Soil! h\'.
To-night President McKinley vir< I Cap
t re
-1 gret 1 luar of Mr. Bl; te was
;, man of honest i onvicti; monu
ment to the gro Expi -- my
sj mpat hj to Mi mlly. '
AT THE VETERANS CAMP.
Officers Elected by the Ladles' Aid
Association.
PETALUMA, June L 7J — Every train to
day brought in veteran& and their families
and many arrived bj '■ ; 1 11 o'clock
this morning the Ladies' Veterans' Aid
Association elected the follow i
for the com ir: President, Mrs.
Deveraux of Santa Rosa; senior
president, Mrs. Simmons of Calistoga; ju
nior \ let president. M
Rosa; treasurer. Mrs. il. F. Brainerd 'if
Petaluma.
This afternoon tli" veterans assembled
in the pavilion at Agricultural I
where Dr. IV X. Thomas of Healdaburg
delivered an eloquent address. To-morrow
morning the veterans will remain in (-ami*
to receive visitors, in the afternoon there
will be memorial services, an address 1 y
Mrs. Addle Ballou of H:,!i Francisco and
an address by Mrs. Veder Dow if Sebaa
topol.
34
QUARRELS THAT LED UP TO
THE KILLING OF FARMER
JONES BY J. O. GILLETTE
P- FIELD, " [nvi stiga-
John B.
last
hows that
ih( F the shoot
- ih.it <lil
turned out
.1 . . The murderer and his
brothers-in-law, ;m<l it is
I that had
■ ■ them for years was
Jones v. as
disposition
• ■ ! ad estranged
i r rel
' -i'"k< n nr
fur two years
• Mrs Gillette
■ ■■ .. I hei husband to
Th it Lhe woman is
n by th<- glee
■ :h. body of th«- slain
in bri« f, of the
v Icl Im and
the imir.
■ and mar
t William
unty. It
I s that the two
: I lit- \\ ill'
with her
i her husband
Tht y
Later,
to Tuolumne
a month
k to Park
: n y adjoining
■r- in - law and
Th< old '■■v,:\ which
"' afresh last
In the meun
. thfirdiffl
n ■ • • ■: • arrive
: parted
ard and
The latter re
- . to procure his
(1 oui to line! .]■
irding to
the quarrel
Id b< ing killed
' ■ - fell
•! im
- Mt iv>
i and sur
. to avoid
1
Scene of tf}e Killing of farrier Jorjes.
USED A REVOLVER
TO ESCAPE BUNKO MEN
O. P. H>nr>a of Ypllowstone Fame
Has a Thrilling Experience
in Chicago.
..CHICAGO. Jun< 17. O. P. Harm ■ of
Sheridan, Wyo.. came to Chicago to-day
to «cc i>. K. Pearson rtlative to funds for
the Northern Wyoming University, lo
cated at Sheridan: Hanna is a wholesale
grocer of Sheridan. It was ho ho pub
lished the first description of Yellowstone
Park, find it was partiy through these •de
scription* and partly through his exer
tion* that tlit- Government s.iit a commis
sion in Ist:> (11 exploro the region and aft
erward made it a national park]
At Aurora he was approached by the
usual wffi l.le stranger^ who called him by
namejand inquired after the I • alth of
many well-known Sheridan people. lie;
was induced to leave the train at Thirty
second str<'rt, and s.p.'ti found himself in
;i room with four men. one of whom
locked the doors and pocketed the key.
Hanaa saw the trap, and drawing a re
volver", pave a peremptory order to h:\vp
the door opened, rle fired a shot in the
direction of the man who decoyed htm to
the place to show he was not bfuflinjr. The
door w.ts opened; :md driving the I:.- be
fore him. ho reached the street.
H.> had $600 with him. and it makes Ivm
faint when he thinks how narrowly he :
esc; ped losing it.
GOING IN THE NAVY.,
Commander L uthe to Take Charge
of the Monadnock.
WASHINGTON, June 17.—Com
li C. Leuthe has heen de
-1 of the Mon
lered to com
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FACSIMILE OF HEAD OF CASK.
TRADE MARK.
From
DUFF CORDON & CO.,
Port St. Mary's, Spain.
CHARGES MEINECKB & CO.,
t-genu Paoiflc Coast. si* Sacramento Street.
San Francisco, Cal.
J. A. GILLETTE, Wh>o Killed Mis Brother-in-Law
mand th- Monadnock, to succeed Oap
tain Nicholas, deceased. Captain J. <i.
McGovvan has been detached from the
Newport training station and ordered
to th mmand of the Monterey. Lieu
tenant W. W. Eberl has been ap
pointed flag lieutenani and Ensign R.
B Johnson, Hag secretary, to Rear Ad
miral Watson, commanding the Asiatic
station.
Naval Constructor Capps, who has
been stationed at Manila, and Hnng
- for i early a year pasi and to
whose efforts was due iho salvage of
the sunken Spanish cruisers Isla de
Luzon and Isie de Cuba, hrv; been re
ii.-\ ed and ordered to return, to the
United States. Constructor EJobson,
wh<> has )>.'<-n assisting Constructor
Capps In the reconstruction of these
vessels, will remain at Hongkong In
charge of this work.
ORDINANCE ATTACKED
BY LIQUOR DEALER
Joseph Vierra Seeking to Have a
Rio Vista Law Declared
Invalid.
RIO VISTA. June 17. Attorney Frank
R. Josephs df San Francisco, for Joseph
Vierra. to-day served notice "on Town
Clerk George < \ Dobbias thai on Mon
day, Jure 26. a writ of mandate w.uM
be asked for from the Superior Court of
.this county compelling tho Clerk to is
sue a license to Vierra for the Bale of
li'iiinrc within the corporate limits of
Rio Vista.
The request of Vlerra for tho license
been refused by Clerk Dobbins. A
legal battle has been waged against Vierra
by the town authi ril ■ ime time.
■ Vierra opened and conducted a saloon
here without first having obtained a li
cense. If. applied through the Town
•■■ a for one, but i he request was
denied, in accordance with an ordii
which provides thai any person desiring
i n ami conduct a saloon in Rio Vista
shall present a petition signed by twelve
resident freeholders on the street where
aloon is to be conducted. Vierra was
subsequently arrested, and pleaded guilty,
carrying the cas6 to the Superior Court,
which decided against him. Thereafter
he tried selling sandwiches and giving
with them, and was arrested. Two
juries disagreed.
Vierra now contends thai the ordinance
is unconstitutional, being contrary to ar
ticle 24, Bection 4. of the State constitu
tion, which provides thai each act shall
embraci bui one Bubject, which subject
shall be expressed In its title. The plain
tifi avers that th<» ordinance is without
such ml*. The case will be fought to
the end by the town authorities
TO TAKE THE PLACE OF
COUER D'ALENE STRIKERS
Miners Being Sent to Idaho From tha
Missouri and Kansas Lead
and Zinc Regions.
GALENA, Kans., June IT. A train
load of 200 miners from the Missouri
and Kansas lead and zinc mining region
will leave Joplin to-morrow morning
over the Missouri Pa< [flc to work I
Coeur d'Alene min^s. The men are all
first-class miners, having been sel< cted
from all over -he district with great
can by men w h i an acquainted with
the mines, and no Intemperate, lazy or
in<-ompctPiH men Will be s,c:;t.
These will be followed frc-ui time to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899.
with more men until 2000 have
boen ■ Rundreds of miners
from he Colorado ;ir<l Kansas silver
.■t nd n»al i ines are comi *v here to
estimated that as many
new men t. tve c< rre Into th ■ distri ■! ;\!
ready as it Is pr< posed to ship t<~> li)aN>.
For this : 'aeon there will be no scarcity
of men In this district.
Th'- men who ;ir<- X"ing to Idaho to
uik. the places of th^ striking: miners
are d termined to work, and trcuble
may follow.
WALLACE, Idaho. Junp 17.— Court
was not in session this morning and
there ip nothinp new in riot matters
except an orrasional arrest. Fester
day's Indictments by thp <?rand Jury
will ln^d t" many arrests outside of the
State.
WHAT INSURRECTIONS
HAVE COST SPAIN
Enormous Expenditures Incurred in
Cuba. Povto Hico and the
Philippines.
MADRID. June 17. Thi budget was sub
t '■■<■ < <iri. 7. to-day by ih»: Fi
'' : ■ . Senor Villa verde. It
showi : thai thi expenditures for the
i ■ -■ since thi commencement of the
Insurrection In Cuba to the end of March,
1899, w< r< 1,969 31 •.-.-. of which
1,796.269.000 pesetas were foi Cuba, 7.097, I
f< r Porto Kico, and 165.988.00"] pesetas for
:li. Philippines. Of these sums, 1.445,279,000
pesetas are represented by bonds and
ol her securities outstanding.
In Introducing the budget, Senor Yilla
v< r<l'\ sji.;ik ( tiK of the colonial d( lits. said
it was to be expected thnt th<> united
States won id arsume thrpe obligations,
bui the Americans having refused to meet
thc-m, Spain would he pleased t'i pay them.
A tobacco revenue was proposed as a
guarantee for h new loan of 300.000,000
I i set as
The Minister asked for authority to oppn
s with the foreign hold -i> of
• obtain iin Ir consent to
tn.- Imposition of a tax upmi the Income
from Spain's exterior debt, which is Im
possible without Buch consent, owuif: to
I 1 n • Government's formally written
promise.
CASIMIR-PERRIER AND
THE DREYFUS CASE
The Former President of France Told
the Truth Before the Court
of Cassation.
PARIS, June 17. In connection with
the multiplicity of Btories in the news
papers attributing to former President
Cagimir-Perrier a variety ot misdeed*!
referring to the Dreyfus affair a curious
semi-official note was issued thin after
noon. It says:
"Extraordinary as it may seem. M.
Casimir-Perrier, when President, was
cognizant only of what he affirmed on
oath before the court of Cassation. Ah
regards all the rumors current concern
ing his acts, steps and declarations he
will give a full explanation before, the
court-martial at Rennes."
M. U'aldeck-Rnspeau waited upon
President Loubet this evening and
asked to he allowed until to-morrow to
consider the situation.
PROMOTIONS IN THE NAVY.
Officers Who Have Been Advanced in
Rank.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The promo
tion of the following named officers was
announced to-day:
T( be < -ommanders— N. E. Niles and T.
R Btev< ns.
Lieutenani commander — J. H. Sears.
Lieutenants— P. Mapruder I*. H. Brown
i: ii. SchofleJd, w.jr,. Miller. W. H. Buck
and H. de StHgur.
Lieutenants, junior grade — M. M. Kyler
C. T, Vogelsang, H. S. Ritter, C. S. Mc
vey. L. li. Everharl J. H. Dayton, L A
Bostwick, \V. A. Mi.ffatt, J. K. Edie, X
\i. Belknap l>. \V. Blemer, A. L. Willard
K. T. Hollock P. H. HouKh. p. H.
Christy. N. E. trwin rind W. Evans.
iiiinncr— J. Donald.
ADAMS GRAMMAR SCHOOL.
Twenty-Three Pupils Are Promoted
From the Ninth Grade.
The following is a list of the graduates
of thi> ninth Kr;i<l'' of the Adams (Tram
mar School, Miss K. F. McColgan's class:
Hazel Si- n. Elizabeth Hfnrloulle, Frfda
Bchultx, Louis Horst, .Julia Kern. Rudolph
Winter, Henrj Marks. Minnie Kummerlande,
Sophie Kummerlande, Katie Hagermann, Mar
tha Franklin, lAly Cage, Arthur Relnsteln,
• ■1l;.i Lytgens, Herbert Hellwlg, Bertha M. >*•■-.
Otto Barthels, Monroe Marx. I>nra ISlberg,
Adele Blberg, Ailelp Sammy, William Kern,
Herman Gerdes, Edwin Solij?.
Medal pupils— Hazel Steen, Julia Kern Ru
<i"ii>h Winter.
ALBANY AND NEW ORLEANS.
Denial of the Story That the Pur
chesed Cruisers Are Top-Heavy.
LONDON, June IT.— With reference- to
the reports that the cruisers Albany and
New Orleans, purchased here by the
United States Government, have" been
round top-heavy and unseaworthy the cor
respondent of the Associated Press saw-
Colonel Watts, the naval constructor of
the Armstrongs, who said:
"If the Albany and New Orleans are not
seaworthy many of the ships nf the Brit
ish navy, built at the same time, are also
useless, as the Albany and the New Or
leans were built from designs sanctioned
by Sir William White, chief naval con
structor, and bear comparison In sp^M
and every other essential with any vessel
of their class built at that date."
WADE COMMITTED FOR
MURDER AT HONOLULU
Former Cook of the Australia Must
Answer for the Killing of
Gillespie.
VANCOUVER, B. C. June 17.— George
Wade, the colored cook of the San Fran
cisco Steamer Australia, was on June !1
committed for trial by a jury at Hono
lulu on the charge of having shot and
killed William Gillospie. a cook on that
vessel, nearly a month ago. Wade ran
amuck on the steamer wnlle drunk and
Intended to shool Sidney C. Boyd, the
colored butcher of the Australia, against
whom he had a grudge on a trifling Ques
tion. He mci him in the <=aloon. where a
tierce scuffle occurred.
Wade appeared In court with a handker
chief tied closely aboul a wound on his
head, inflicted by Constable Harry Evans
before the arrest could be made. Wit
nesses related thai three shots had been
lired. one of them at Boyd when they
were st uflling. and the other two at Gil
lispie. after the hater had interfered and
threatened Wade. First Officer Lawless
of the Australia and Thomas Breslin, a
member of the crew, told of the shooting,
and all agreed That the accused was under
the. influence of liquor at the time. They
gave him a good character as far as or
dinary occasions were concerned. Thr de
fense reserved its case. The trial will
com< i ■■'■ In July.
SEARCHLIGHT'S FAST RACE
California Pacer Lowers Track Record
at Denver.
DENVER, June 17. -This was the best
day of the meeting at Overland Park, the
crowd being Immense and the racing very
fine. Searchlight, the fast California stal
lion, took- the 2:05 pacing race, and estab
lished a new record for the track. He did
i; sn easily as to justify the bookmakers in
refusing to take money against him.
Raymond M., who lias been a winner at
this meeting, and W. W. P., who holds
the two-mile record, might, it is claimed,
have been distanced if Searchlight had
been urged. In the third race 1 Don't
Know took third money, after having
been practically left at the post. In the
fourth Jockey Jackson was knocked off
Mountain Queen, but escaped serious in
jury. The betting was heavy, there being
two or three favorites in each running
race, and all the winners !'•■!•>£: steadily
played. The weather was warm and the
track in good condition. Results:
Mojvitza won first, second, fourth heats and
race. Time 2:24*4. 2:214 2:20H Glen Allle
took third >i?h! Time, 2:21*4. Kerolita. Belva
and McKlnley elpo started
ParinK, 2 05 i las* purse 600.
! Searchlight; by Darkness, hr s., (Myron
MoH.->nry "..... i 1 i
Haymond M. blk s 3 " 3>
■-■ \V P. eh c 2 3 I
Ophelia, p. in 4 4 2!
Time— 2:10%. 2:08%, 2:05';.
Six furkines. Mike Rice won. HI ■■ rihmind
CCCond, .1 Don't Know third. Time. 1:14%. Old
ham, Senator Dubois, Melody and Weird also
ran.
Seven furlongs. Mocorito won. Lien Ness sec
ond, Alaria third. Tim*. 1 :2r»» . Mountain
Queen, Cavallo, Charlei nnd Try Rioom
a!fo ran.
Five and a half furlongs, Yule won, Encino
gernnd. Warrior third. Time, 1:08%. Gold Bus,
Bonnie Boucher, Bis staff. Oreusa, . lilue Bell]
and Oomnnprclal Traveler also ran.
Four wnd a half furlongs. Tiny P won, Tapos
tiy second, Blanche thin! Tnn<\ :. r .K. Torsion.
Inn.i and Ed SI-icp! also ran.
Cycling Record Broken.
WAI.THAM. Mass., June 17.— Everett
r;. Ryan broke the fifteen milea world's
. ■•: American amateur records, paced, nt
the Waltham trark this afternoon. His
time was 28:32. The previous American
record, made l>\ himself las; week, .vas
■_■•::''. Ryan's feat was accomplished in
a fifteen-mile match race with Fred
Beauregarde of Fall River. Henry Bikes
defeated Arthur Gardiner in a twenty
mile motor-paced rare. oo\ ering tho dis
tance in 87:033-5. Gardiner's time was
37 10 3-5.
| CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR |
I! CASE. CONSULTATION AND ADVICE ?
; FREE. CALL OR WRITE. ?
i i
I 0 MRS. 'W.F.THOMPSON \|
% If/ TQ • fill
® r'il ' t,,.l J,i,o Iffl ®
® ® !
•4- MRS. W. F. THOMPSON of Los Angeles. Cal., writes: - - • + i
'■•' Dear Doctors: Since I feel so grateful for my complete recovery, which was due §
▼ to the action of your splendid remedy, Hudyan, I wish to give you my testimonial, ~X l
<•) in the hope that It will direct other suffering women toward Hudyan. I was terri- 5.
4" bly run down in health Was awfully weak, pale and nervous. I v.as irregular in (J)
V my sickness, and Buttered pains nearly all the time. A friend of mine told me about > ■
X Hudyan, as it had cured her. I took it according to directions, and in a short time ® !
r_ was gaining strength. My troubles gradually left me. nnd to-day I am in perfect 4- j
"Z health. lam so glad that I took Hudyan. Very gratefully, © '
V . V MRS". W. F. THOMPSON. "4
I MORE EVIDENCE OF HUDYAN'S CURATIVE POWERS: 1
4- HAWTHORNE. Nev. FRISCO, X M ®
fDear Doctors: Every ■ woman who is Gentlemen: lam recommending Hud van 4"
weak and nervous, should know of Hud- to all my friends because I have reason ®
0 van. It cured me, therefore I think it to know that It is a good medicine and -4-
jy. the best medicine on earth. I had taken will do what you claim for it My trouble (fi
V so many other remedies without result, was dyspepsia, and I was in very bad ¥. i
4- My nervous trouble was of ten years 1 shape. I suffered with pains in mv stom- 3i !
f standing, and was complicated with stoma ch, and there were but few things that i
ach trouble. Hudyan not only relieved me, I could eat. Was also very weak and 4-
but it cured me entirely _ Tr , er , v , nervous. Hudyan cured me," sound and ®
MRS. P. R. GIBSON. well. r. \y LEWIS. V
® HUDYAN is for men and women -who are weak. pale, nervous and emaciated for ®
4- HUDYAN gives strength. HUDYAN makes rich, red blood, HUDYAN strengthens' and '"♦
® tranquillzes the nerves, HUDYAN makes flesh. ' ®
4- HUDYAN cures all wasting organic and functional diseases, such as relate 'to the 4" '
(£> stomach, the heart, the liver, the nerves, the kidneys,' for HUDYAN reaches every ('•)
"J" nerre and fiber of the human organism In its curative influence. it !
W Headaches, Costiveness, Torpid Liver, Palpitation of the Heart. "Melancholia Dps- ®
*? pondency, Lack of Energy. Sleeplessness, are promptly overcome by this great rem- "*"
® edy of nature. "HUDYAN." 0
4" Women who are sickly, pale and nervous, as a result of those weaknesses and "♦" ,
W ailments peculiar to their sex. find Immediate relief In HUDYAN. HUDYAN cures ®
X all chronic inflammations and ulcerations and gives strength to the entire organism X
Y_ of woman. It Is a splendid tonic and strengthening nervine for suffering women ®
T, Every man or woman who takes HUDYAN will recommend HUDYAN for this ♦
■V .valuable remedy cures permanently. ' - 0
X . . HUDYAN cures all diseases of the Blood and Nerves. Nervousness Weakness Ex- X
!2 hausted Nerve Vitality, Rheumatism. Sciatica. Locomotor Ataxia. Paralysis Sleep ®
0 lessness Headache, Despondency. Mental Depression. Hysteria. Neuralgia. Pains in . >
. Side and Back, Epileptic Fits. Palpitation of Heart. Nervous Dyspepsia indigestion ®
Mental Worry, Early Decay, Constipation, all Female Weaknesses, Pale and Sallow ±
f Mental Worry. Early Decay, Constipation, all Female Weaknesses, Palo and Sallow X
complexions. ®
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists-50c a package or six packages for $2 GO. it
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN, send direct to the HUDYAN REM- V
A EDY CO., cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market sis., San Francisco, Cal. • X
i. YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN - DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE i
0 OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. v : 0
® 4-®4- ® 4-® 4- ®4®><?>4<s)4<s>4®4®>®4®4<s>4® 4<?)4®4<:)4®^®4®4-®4-®4-®4.®.
WOMAN LOST IN
AUSTRALIAN BUSH
Thrilling Experience of
Mrs. Yeoman.
— *—
SUBSISTS ON WILD FRUIT
— *■ —
WANDERS ABOUT FOR EIGHT
DAYS.
— -
In a Pitiable Condition, the Wife of
an American Tourist Reaches
th.6 Cabin of a
Settler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 17.— Eight
days' of wandering in the dense
Australian bush with scarcely any food
except the wild fruits that could be
gathered, was the recent experience of
Sirs. James Yeoman, an American woman
from Tennessee. Mrs. Yeoman and her
husband had been traveling through
Australia for several months, hunting and ;
fishing and visiting points of Interest. .
They left Melbourne early in May and 1
went out on the upper Murray on a win- j
ter opossum hunting trip. !
After having been in the camp for a !
few days, Yeoman went out to tix up some •
snares and never returned. The woman j
remained alone in camp for two days and j
then went In search of her husband, but j
failed to find him. She then wandered for j
eight days, subsisting on nettles, fern •
roots and raw. opossum flesh.
Finally she proceeded to follow down a
stream of water, hoping to reach a set- J
tlement. While traveling she encountered j
a mob of wild dogs and had to take refuge !
in a tree. The animals, the woman said, j
crowded around the tree for several j
■ hours, snarling, snapping and showing
their teeth. Some waflabys or small rab
bits coming, the dingoes made after them <
and the woman pushed on, reaching the
hut of a man named O'Connor in a ter
rible plight.
The facts were reported to the police,
who ore searching the locality, but as
snow has since fallen little hope is en- j
tertained of their til-dins: the missing man
alive. i
DOGS WILL GUARD
POWDER MAGAZINES
In Future Canines Are to Serve in
the Army of the French
Republic.
Special Cable to The Call and the NV\v Yorh
ri ild Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Hennett.
PARIS, June 17.— Another employment
]-■< been found for <li>us. Thej are going
In future in serve in the army. In spite of •
all the precautions It has been found im- '
possible to properly to guard powder mag- :
azines. The explosion at Toulon '.vith a i
sinister suspicious accident was <!u.' to a
criminal attempt and caused the whole
subject to be examined thoroughly. Th" ;
result is that the Minister of War has de
elded to attach a number 'if docs to each
powder magazine. An order for canine
conscription will probably follow.
WILL REMAIN IN CUBA.
General Ludlow Has Not Asked to Be
Sent to the Philippines.
Pperia! Cable to The ('all anrl thp New fork
Hprald. Copyrighted, 1899, by Jam".- Gor
don Bpnnett.
HAVANA, June 17. -"You can deny that
1 urn K<>iiiK * n the Philippines <>r that I
have made any request of the Govern
ment to send me there," said General
T.udlow last ni^ht. "I like Havana."
General Ludlow believes the American
fine will float over Cuba for some time,
and if he continued to hold his present
nffleo tinder an American protectorate of
the island it will he necessary to put him
on the retired list on account of old ajn
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' i.
ROpiTfQT Q||K QftlCl
UiiLo ILO I OILI\ OnLCi
Wo helipve that the news of our latest purchase will make particularly i
niPTsinc- md profitable reading. Such opportun'ties do not occur every day, so P
take" advantage of^ this remarkable sale of NEW. CHOICE SILKS at about |
<m^ f c!blecsS I "aSeS'silkBiniiew shades of blue, lavender, green, |
pink, corn, turquoise and cyrano, elegant for silk waists; every yard worth -U. S3
xour choice at
6Oc YARD.
Va^ * «V LJP m \
,,«EE WINDOW DISPLAY.... >
27-inch Swiss Black Taffeta Silk, •x- 24-inch All-Silk Black Figured Taf- i
tra fine quality very lustrous, regu- ' feta, warranted unbreakable, in very i
# price fl 25 'yard. " On sale OKr choice designs, regular price $1 65c \
at Yard OOW yard. On sale at Yard v>OV* |
f BLACK CRETONNE SKIRT \
LENGTHS GREATLY REDUCED. \
An accumulation of over 85 short I Black Pure Wool Mohair Orenadincs f
lengths (containing from ".'.. to IV4 in a variety of choice open designs 9
yards) of brilliant English Black Cre- I that have been selling for $10. |9 ;i>id %''
ponnes, this season's latest designs, $7 50 a suLr. Your choice at C A 85 I
will be offered at a great reduction A Suit Ott" \
from regular prices. A good chance i
to get a tine black skirt for little . X
money. • ;
FYTMjnßnisiißY SPECIAL SALE OF !
LAiHAUKUIBAHT IN WASH READY-MADE SHIRT WAISTS, 1
FABRICS DRESS SKIRTS and WRAPPERS!
Dn ""' Cotton Covert (in all colors) and
2000 yards Printed Welt Piques, fine Linen °Cra"s°h X)rr .^ SkirtP . all qj-_
quality in blue, pink, navy, black and ] en t i, s latest cut at t/DC
cyrano stripes, this seasons styles. ft _J_
that have been selling at 2. , c. 20c and white Pique Dress Skirts made of *
15c. Your choice at . ; .... \i)r, good quality pique, latest C I .50 5
—-_ laru ■"^ cu t. Special at «!>ll_ '
3000 yards Corded Dimities in dainty 20 dozen Ladies' extra qualitv'Lawn 5
colorings of pink, light blue, heliotrope and p cr cale Wrappers extra wide in *
navy and green, in stripes and small very cnolce pat Verns with ruffled S
figured effects. Your choice Glq flounce, collars and cuffs braid j
while they last at Yard V 4 V i trlmmerl very fine fitting; ' regular Z
.-■ — :; — , , -,-..,  $2 50 wrappers. On sale at.... fir It\ *
SO pieces heavily corded White! , \ «"..... t{)l__ fc
Pique, extra good quality, worth (oc. ---.. : '$
On sale to-morrow at <?OC 25 dozen Indies' White Pique Shirt
r-i----" artl "- VW Waists and Striped Percale Waists. i
n ■ * 7~ ■& v „.,  made with two rows .if Drettv em- P
50 pieces of genuine French White | broidery- insertion, choice designs; reg- R
Organdy. (IS Inches ' wid£, nice sheer ular $2 50 waist. For to-mor- cl 50 P
quality, worth 50c yard. On qc row at Ol__ 4
sale to-morrow at Yard O«Jw , " v ;
TWO SPECIAL ITEMS IN ; BOYS' HOSE, I
PI! I n\A/P*<JC t \ iri " ■**«» Boys ' Fast Black Derby I
rILLUyVUMOLOi , Ribbed Cotton Hose, extra good quit- i
mmm^ m^ m *, r^ lmc^ m^ ma , mmmmsi mmmm | ity. the kind that wears well for boys £
WO dozen Pillow Cases, made of supe- morrow* at 9 * S^ ia l%to- ISC j
rior quality muslin, extra heavy, "" '"" &
strong and fine, with a 3-inch hem, : i
size 45x36; regular price 15c. O l/-» .• J J — *.i_ • j
For to-morrow only ..Each f *-'3 w I Anirn! l/COTC c
75 dozen Hemstitched Pillow Cases. | LAUI " VCOIOi fc'
made of extra quality muslin, with a 100 dozen Ladies' White and Ecru ;
3-inch hem. size 45x36. regular value | Cotton Ribbed Vesta low neck and no i
20c. On sale to-morrow at — H) l ( > i sleeves. Special at ■r> i ' '
•;;;•; Each : 1-62^ I " ZZLZ .■.■.■.■.' Each 155<JC
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. \
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. I
MRS. STORKE. TESTIFIES
IN HER OWN BEHALF
Declares the Libel Suit Is the Result-!
of a Conspiracy to Injure
Her.
SANTA BARBARA, June 17.— Mrs. Vda
' Addis Storke was on the stand to-day In
her own defense. The defense is endeav
■ orlng to show that there was a conspiracy
mv the part of certain prominent persons
j here to convict Mrs. Storke on trumped- ;
Jup testimony. Mrs. Storke denied the cvi- ■
dence of the prosecution in every particu- '
lar. She sail she was sent to Mexico by ;
c ipposed friends only for the purpose of '
petting her out of 'the way when the
Grand Jury met and found the indictment, j
RETURN OF FINDLEY.
Defaulter Placed in the Jail at San
Luis Obispo.
SAX I,I'IS OBISPO. Juno 17.— S. M.
Ftndley, defaulting Tax Collector of this
county, arrived to-nighi in charge of
Pinkerton Detective John C. Fraser and
was placed In the County Jail. Flndley
will stand trial.
Quiet at Iron Mountain.
RKHDINd, June 17. — Everything is
quiet at Iron Mountain. About fifty oi
Hie strikers have returned to the mine
A number of miners are still in Redding
They refuse to return at the old wage
schedule, but :ire perfectly orderly. An
other agent from Cdaho mines is here try.
Ing to persuade the miners to co to Ward
ner, hut they fear they will conflict with
the Western" Federation of Miners.
Duchesse of Leuchtenberg Dead.
Special Ckble to The Call arvi the New York
Herai'i. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Rennptt.
ST. PETERSBURG, Juno 17.— The
Puchesse of Leuchtenberg died here this
evening. Bhe was a sister of the famous
General Michael Skobeloff. Two of her
sister.--- are prominent in St. Petersburg
society— Princess Belozersky and Princess
Orloff.
To Test the Eight-Hour Law.
DENVER. June 17.— The executive com
mittee of the State Federation of Labor
to-day engaged John H. Murphy, one of
the leading attorneys of this city, to con
duct its side of the eipht-hour law test
caße. Mr. Murphy defended the Utah law
in the courts of that State and those of
the United Stales, finally winning out in
the Supreme Court '■( the United States.
Weds a San Jose Miss.
SAN JOSE, June 17.— Fred T. Mo,, re.
principal of the Hawthorn School at
Fresno, was married this evening to
Dorothy Allen, daughter of Professor C.
I!. Allen, formerly principal of the State
Normal School and at present assistant
Postmaster in this city. The ceremony
took place at the residence of the bride.
USES FOR OLD NEWSPAPERS.
They Will Clean Windows, Fortify
Scant Bedding and Chink Crevices.
The thrifty housekeeper finds many
uses for her favorite newspaper after she
has road the news, studied the bargain
advertisements and cut out whai
wants for her serapbook. There is noth
ing so pood as newspapers, nol even cha
mois skin, for polishing glass, wheth< r ii
be window panes or lamp chimneys; next
to Hie patent paper, which comes i"<>r th ■
purpose, they make the very besi carpel
lining, and are also mothproof', though, fo
be sure, for this <m- needs a good many,
as Beveral thicknesses are necessary.
If. when dirty work ts to be done, you
spread newspapers double on table m
floor \"u will save yourself no end of
cleaning and scrubbing. The poor man's
blanket is made of three thicknesses of
newspaper, joined together and basted be
tween cotton covers, like a quilt. It rus
tles a little, to be sure, but it is warm
and cheap. And four thicknesses of
newspaper, rut to tit the sole and worn
inside the shoe, makes an excellent sub
stitute for a felt insole, having: the double !
advantage that it takes up less room and
can bo put in fresh every day at abso
lutely no expense.
Nor is there any ice blanket equal to a
Sunday "blanket sheet." Ice wrapped in
one of these will last twice or three times I
as long- as if put in the ice chest without
protection. It must be confessed that in
these days of wood pulp ice thus wrapped
tastes of new wooden pails, bui tnet is -i
small matter, since 11 is better to nui
the water!** *" b ° ttleS than tO put ice '"
And still another good use for them is to
shred them and boil them In thin flour
paste into which has been dissolved [
liberal percentage of alum. Open! in
the floor, crevices through which the co d
air rushes, openings through which mice
and rats may enter, warped window
frames-in short, apertures of all sort •
may be firmly and solidly chinked up with
these shreds of paper, wrung dry in th"
hands and firmly calked into place If
farmers and others living in log or rudely
built homes in the country only knew
this papier mache is far superior to moss
rags or othor chinking material, for it
will not crack nor split, and is absolutely
vermin aiid insect proof if properly made
Chicago Times-Herald.
Ministers May Use Tobacc<
The "tobacco overture. sent down h>
the General Assembly was the feature
of general interest and discussion pre
sented before Monongahela Presbyterj
of the United Presbyterian Churcl
recently, at its session in the Eighth
United Presbyterian Church, Van Braarr
street, Rev. J. M. Wallace, D.D., pas
tor. The three clauses of the tobaccc
overture were voted upon separately
and many of the leading divines too*
an active part in the discussion All
except the clause forbidding the licen
sure and ordination of candidates foi
the ministry who use tobacco were de
feated by the heavy vote of about three
to forty-eight, while the one in ques
tion was defeated by four votes, there
being twenty-two yeas and twenty-six
?h PS ' A resolution w as then passed to
the effect that while the presbytery
had not voted in favor of the overture
it urged its candidates for tlfe ministry
and the officers of the church to re
frain from the use of tobacco. The ma
jority of the ministers, before voting
against the overture, wished to be dis
tinctly understood that while they con
sidered the use of tobacco an evil they
were opposed to placing a .'special fui
ing- in reference * to it in the book of
church government, as it would be'un
wise to legislate against every sin
specifically.— Pittsburg Times.
A New Collecting Fad
The revival of the stamp-collecting ornza
is having :i hard time. Womi n are not in
terested, and when they an> Indifferent a
craze seldom survives for long. The post
er craze, the butt-!, craze .-.11.1 the b
■raze all ha\e run their course Thi
est is the cross-<f Un f . ra2P . \ ynv.nc; v
an living on Ferry street has set' out to
secure a set of cross-guns "t" every i:i
tantry regiment, a s.-t of cross-sabei
every cavalry regiment and a sei of 1
cannon of every artillery regiment In
regular army. She secured a copy oi
Army and Navy Journal, learned
headquarters •■!' every rej
wrote to the sergeant major of each repi
ment. asking him t" send at hei
a s. t of his regimi nts cross-guns, .-.iiiers
or cannon, as the case might be. She his
embroidered a piece of white satin three
feet square, and as the cross-guns arrive
she pins them on it in rotation,
she has colli cted over half  compl< 1
Manj sergeants have sent her souvenir
cartridges, bullets or buttons with the
cross-gtjns, ami these will !»■ stitched ->w
the satin as a border. Buffalo Express.
A Modest Hfvo.
"Why is it that Lieuti
never mentions his war experience? !'<
yen suppose b< showed tl c whil
Mi ilid something else that he wants to
keep quiet?"
"Oh, he was ;i hero, but he doesn't want
the people to (tad out aboul it. He's
afraid they'll make a fuss aver him. and
he hates anything of that kind. But the
fact Is, he held one of those New York
war correspondent's notes while the lat
ter rushed up to a fort that was full of
Spaniards and compelled them to surren
der."
What They Said.
Mistress (to servant)— Did you tell those _«
ladies .11 the door that I waa not at h"in< ? '
Servant— Vis. mum.
Mistress— What did they say?
Servant — How fortinit. — Melbourne
Times.SEA SERPENT FINDS
A WORTHY RIVAL
Ja\e of a Big Horned fist) and
a Feast of Antipodear)
Natives.
\AN -''i WAX, i ; <■.. June 17.— The natives of th^ islands forming
• istralasian Pacific recently had about the larg
enjoyed sir.cc the days of the preat explorer
tnea are named. News was brought in by fisher
is fish \v.\(\ beon washed onto th^ reef at the east
Hundreds of the natives wenl out In a regular tint ilia
■ • the strange creature. The huge fish was over thirty
two horns on its head, each two feet long. Its body
1 a scaly skin, and altogether the monster of the deep
the flsh whs washed up "ii the shore on the '>asi side
• Ugatangilda. There was a great gathering and upon
:i the chiefs came to the conclusion tha? it was the "flsh of
'is. of its l*aving horns; so th<> carcass w.is towed out to
i 1 and cast 1",,s- .
was ;i great <\<-.O of rejoicing In the camp that nijrht amonp
■ yes because they had easily got rid of an ugly stranger <>f had
i. but the next day the flsh was again driven upon the shore at the
Matawera, about fo— miles to the westward. Here another
was held by the leading natives, who, being of a nmr°
• position ih;ui their neighbors, ronsidered thai all fish of the
■'• the urit't of God for the personal use of man. The consequence
- division of spoil and a feasl to all who cared to partake. They
invited the natives of the island where the fish u;is first washed
partake, and the latter enjoyed the feast as heartily as any,
they failed to recognize the devil in the fish ;i'"ter it was cooked over
■ res.
SPRECKELS HOTEL
RAZED BY FUMES
Fire in the Sugar Fac
tory Town.
■■'■
SAI.INAP. - : fhe >;•!•
• • n of S; ;■ ■ kels, four
ty, ivas destroyed
noon. Shortly after 2
■ . • alarm was
Lhis city, and citizens
the Btreets in quest of the
• t was learned that the
Hotel was on fire and the
let had telephoned to Salinas
• irtmeni turned
■ ded .-I.- rapidly as possl
• ■ the Spreckels
the entire town, consist
■ iv cottages, was in dan
■
g ted • the top floor.
• .-•■• ms, was curling
and in sonic way turned a
er. It struck on the edge
•he covers. The
ed in at the beet sugar
■ r of a mile distant,
-\ histle was bio* n
[Uickly responded. Many
■ employes manned the
about 100 entered the
bun ture at the fisk of their
.-. ■ hotel property, as well
leir own personal effects. Much
- :■. ■ I. Inn some loss* . orted
g the workmen. A large portion
c on the low er doors was
Th'( building Is a total loss.
Hotel was built in
1898, and was opened last
st oil er $20,000. It was a
frame building and had IST
■ - domii led there. As a result
igration not only will the
S igar Company sustain a big
.■■ ■'] the -■■•sis of the caravan
sary will be compelled to reside in this
city until the structure i.^ rebuilt. W.
'■ Waters, superintendent of the
Sprockels interests here, was away at
time of the tire, as was the proprle
hotel, E. W. <;riiTin. The ho
be rebuilt with brick
foi the fall run of the factory.
Decides Against Parmelee.
MARYSYrL.LE, June 17.— The City
- tix'-<l up >n next Monday even
• time for hearing ihe battery
referred by B. B. }l;iy.*s against
Ofl • • Parmelee. In tl
i• ■ m■■ Judge i '.ivis denied
ilicatioii )<ir n writ of ha
■; us. Tic- ourl ruled that ihe
Court, wherein Parmelee was
■ ■•■r.t jurisdiction with
Court. Parmelee'a counsel con-
I'ohi •■ i 'niirt . being a
t record, had exclusive jurisdiction
The "Crime" of a Clergyman.
f'.IJN. June 17.— Tho hi«h<»st court
ed that a clergyman
noi officially recog
nmeni is considered
layman, and for such persons to offer
iyer Is a crime. A clergyman
d \\ fcke has been sent to jail fur
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vt\]s The descent
fif ' s certa ' n froni
I tThe lungs,
r\ h certain from
\\ weak lung^s,
lingering-
V r— ;. coughs, throat
V /^ N. troubles or
/^~^ bronchial
\ I affections
h * — f|^ through bleed-
__^aS*.' * „ « y « •n X lungs, to
-?£ rW'li^^^a jß^M4^ r o:isiiTn:>tion.
■tH KV^LSLsS^^ st-'C'"- are nep
"^^afllrii^PHly^^ lect'd. Thou-
sands of peo-
ple who are now in their graves would be
alive and well to-day if they had heeded
the fir>t warnings of those troubles which
lead to consumption and death.
The hacking cough, spitting of blood,
weak lungs, and all similar troubles of the
organs of breathing, will surely lead to
consumption, if they are not already the
signs of it. Then there are the other mdi'-
' rations of the approach of consumption,
such as -•vats, emaciation, or wast-
ing away of flesh from bad nutrition, which,
if neglected, lead to certain death.
Ninety eight per cent, of all the cases of
weak lungs, bleeding lungs, lingering and
obstinate coughs, and other bronchial and
throat diseases, which" have been treated
with Dr. Pierre's Golden Medical Discov-
ery, have been cured by it. Do not wait
until your throat trouble becomes serious.
All bronchial and throat troubles arr seri-
ous. The time to take the "Golden Medi-
cal Discovery " is right at the start.
I Even if your throat trouble has been
neglected until it has been pronounced
pulmonary disease or consumption, do not
hesitate to use the "Golden Medical Dis-
covery." for thousands of letters from the
sufferers themselves, who are now well,
bear evidence that the "Golden Medical
Discovery" will cu/e. even after good phv-
Mcians have pronounced the disease pul-
monary consumption.
• I had been troubled with bronchitis for stv-
rrai years. "' writes Mr<. Orlin CVHara. Rojc 114.
Fergus Falls. Ottertail Co . Minn. •• in the first
place. I had sore throat. I doctored with differ -
c-Tit physicians and tix->k vario.is medicines, but
got no relief, I raised from my throat n st'ickv
'.ike the white of an egg. Could not
sleep ■■■: had made up my mind that I would !
not live through ....... I took Dr. Pierces
r.rMm Medical Discovery and "Favorite Pre- '
scripiion ' alternately, and" in a few days began
to see that I was better. I took eight bottles. I
■W have not felt as well in years as since using |
' these medicines.'.
Unfailable— Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellet* j
foi constipation and biliousness.
BOUND TO PASS
THE CANAL BILL
Emperor William Means
Business.
Cop>Tighted, "; r < r <. by the Associated rr*ss.
BERLIN, June 17.— The canal bill en
! gTossed attention this week and the
papers had much to say pro and con,
according to party standpoint. The
ultimate fate of the bill concerns Amer
; ica, as the construction of a network
:of canals joining the three largest
rivers In Prussia, the Kibe. Rhine and
Weser, and the far eastern provinces,
those bordering on the German Ocean,
will cheapen and facilitate the freights
of American exports, notably cereals,
meats, cotton and other bulky goods.
Another point interesting to America
is the fact that Prussian Agrarians and
those parties affiliating with them, the
Conservatives, Reichspartei and a por
tion of the Center, have made the bill
a test of strength between the Govern
ment and almost a personal contest be
tween them and the Emperor, who,
| with the entire Prussian Cabinet, is
pledged for the canal. His Majesty left
no doubt this week that he strongly
I wished the great canal to be built.
Tuesday he summoned the crown coun
cil for the purpose of agreeing with
the Cabinet on a line of action in the
Diet, and personally drew up a declara
tion, which -was read in the Diet on
Thursday, promising compensation to
; individuals and to provinces, especially
' Silesia, financially injured by the canal.
The passage of the bill through the
i lower house of the Diet will therefore
be a signal defeat for the Agrarians,
who are always the most hostile to the
American interests in Germany.
The liberal press stood united for the
; bill, and it is 'confidently expected the
canal will give a powerful impetus to
German industry, especially in the
highly developed Rhine and Westphal
ian districts and will create a more ex
j tended and more uniform market for
agricultural products.
The correspondent here of the Asso
ciated Press learns on high Government
authority that the acceptance of the
i bill by the lower house of the Diet does
not mean its adoption by the upper
house, where the Government expects
j determined opposition, as the Agrarian
Interests are usually predominant in
. that body. If. as is most likely, the
i majority of the upper house opposes the
( bill, the Emperor is determined to re
sort to the expedient of forcing its final
passage, which has not been tried in
Prussian politics for a generation. This
will be also called pairschub. The Em
peror, asking of Prussia, will create a
sufficient number of new peers to se
cure the desired majority.
The Emperor's intentions remain a I
secret, known to few of his intimates
| but they will he carried out in the
event of the contingency arising, as he
is determined to demonstrate that the
Agranians are not strong enough to de
feat important legislation required for
; the country's good.
It i.« reported that his Majesty is in
censed nt thf» fact that the leading
Agranian organizations mid chiefs had
th«> assurance i" state openly and
pointedly last wwk that tlipy meant to
make the bill prove tlu-ir political pre
dominance.
Immediately after Thursday's sitting
Prince Hohenlohe. thf imperial Chan
cellor, and I>r. Miquel, tho Prussian
Minister ><f Finance, visited the Em
peror, who insists on a dissolution if
the bill is rejected. Th- committee will
begin the discussion of the measure
June 2". The Centrists demand the
passage of tho municipal election bill
before action is takm on the canal bill.
The many claims for compensation
greatly complicate the situation.
ISSUES A MILLION
DOLLARS IN BONDS
Loan Negotiated in San Francisco by '
the Yuba Electric Power
Company.
MARYSVILLrE. June IT. The Tuba
Electric Power Company, by its presldeni
John Martin, bas executed a deed of trust
of all Its property, water ditches water
rights, electric light plant and other pron
erty to the Mercantile Trust Company ol
San Francisco, as security for $1.0000000
which sum the power company was au
thorized by its board <>f directors to ere
ate as a bond^. l Indebtedness
The bonds, which are dated June I ISM
number 1000 and arc of the value of $1000
each, payable thirty years from llui-- date
and bearing interest hi the rate of 6 i>. r
cent per annum, payable semi-annually
to the holder of the interest coupons at
tach.d to the bonds. The bonds win be
payable on June I, 1329.
INTERNAL CRISIS IN RUSSIA.
I Causes That Are Said Will Lead Up
to It.
, BERLIN. June 17.— The St. Petersburg
I correspondent of the well-informed Kreuz
i Zeitung claims an Internal crisis in Rus
. sia Is fast approaching, pointing nut that
the Russian labor troubles at Rlpa, the
I disturbances of the students and the fam
! me in various provinces are symptoms of
| the cominpr of greater trouble. TTie paper
i adds that it has inside Information en
| ablins it to say that perfect demoraliza
tion prevails in the upper government cir
; Plea of Russia, owlnp to the influence of
j the Tzar on or.'- side and his mother on
I the other. It recites recent incidents as
: proving this.
THE SA^ST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1599.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
JUNE BARGAINS Many Special Sales. «
. . . . • ■ ♦
We are doing everything in our power to make this the greatest, grandest, most satisfactory and most J
liberal shopping place this side of Chicago. No transaction is complete until the customer is satisfied. , *
New Lace j;i- *»j* ' Remnants of Dress G&@ds. \ f^^^cLrtLSr^l
Olff*faflfS« you Fee them. I ; m .*. , .^- . , , - _. x- <&MIKS, -bright new coloring?, J
£00 pairs Lace Curtain^, 40 inches On sale at a reduction of one-third from the already deep-CUt remnant prices. silks made expressly for summer shirt £
wide, 3'; yards long, new patterns, ecru Remnants, consisting Of this season's choicest Dress Fabrics, waists— they elude satin stripes, plain >#
or white, good quality, per pair.. sl.OO _ _ _. „ . ,  „ . j \ stripes and ombre effects, xard...sl.OO ♦
HO pairs Lac Curtains, pretty de- Such as French Coverts, Ottoman Coverts. Vigoreaux, Poplins, Henriettas, Serges, Fancy Checks and ■ 20-inch Fancy Taffeta Silk BaVre ef- *
s-gas, ecru or white, 45 inches w=de,-3« Novelty Suitings, ranging in lengths from I- 1 , to 6 yards— just the lengths needed for ladies' and children's ' fe< !s . in a complete line of new summer *■
yards long, psr pair $1.25 . 5 n -, , «r 5 «■ V, • jus j j , -• j. xrTi co onngs such as bluet, green. Cyrano. *
I skirts, waists and dresses. On special sale (Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday at one-third oft. the rem- i hejiotrop?, etc., makes charming shirt £
li SB g^M 4 fad* I nant price. It's the best dress goods chance of the year, if you ever use short lengths. waists, yard ; Bss .
New BOOkS Another of pur ns»n*s»tnia*ri fiM*nf*iff*l*V Notions. I
Here as „ , a, ,»,,,/. and at Popular Sales of US*mag®& UrOGKBi Jf- Blrtaiv 1 jc.^.. S3 |
■ itenuin« ijngli«n Fin' ill «izes 5c *>
ike Bio Store's specially reduced Monday at 8 o'clock and while the quantity on hand lasts we Silk Frilled Side Supporters-.. *
prices. These are j:i<t ( ul : , offer a large assortment of damaged Crockery, Glassware and Orna- Sx^Cv? Lo^X S^^-v^ Columbia Knitting .Silk, spool We SI
„.._ .6 : , p«b M our pn ce I men tsat a fraction of what they would cost if perfect. The larger j4[ C^£> lO^^^?^ !} eal w el L S 4 de -5 omb ?'. pair...,....5/-OO J
When the oleener Wake?, '. , , i i ■■■ ■• - • ■--.. . / , A • XS^=*^ m /■• -V, ~^\ \\ Aew \\asn Braids, white and colors «»
By H G "wliS . ...$1.50 $<5 |t* are not danl ;iK ed so as to impair their usefulness. On previous %%%\. & MB} 1!"'.^..^! .!«&-, J
"Cromwell's Own." , occasion quantities of damaged (..rockery that .we expected would g^J^^A^^JCfa^ . ~ *
i-.v Arthur Pat£reon....sl.so $?.W i last several days were sold before night. Better . come early Mon- zJzSLf. J^3!tsr!kr^^ I SS'BSt $* Ladies' 2-dasp Walk- J
"Richard Carvel," day. . . V^!3^?©V^-^ J Gtawe<t I""-/ 1 ' 0 / 6 !' ? eVv ' fm " ?
c< by w.nston churchiii.. $1.12 Assortment includes almost article to be found ™ Z*T', SSST^SS ?*'mZ, Z
T r ri tt ra n \!' at ' v ' ci -i, «./2 ! in a Crockery, Glassware and Bric-a-Brac Stock. Browns, Tans, also Black, a ii si^s, every «
Hy W. H Mallow *1.50 $.12 , _ ; . _ pair fitted and guaranteed— per pair *
In Vain, m „ $: D OO *
Jte&^Zn* .9* Fireworks Are Ready. o«^aito^ iJ- !
By 6 John^^ndrick ' v ' ' /*.^wv The demand this Fourth will be extraordinary. The stirring events of the pas Hosiery, fin^gaug^rea/Maco *
Bangs $1.25. *98 -^* ' y^*l% year nave roused the feelings of patriotic Americans to the highest pitch. We are Cotnon Ho3e, extra high spliced heel. *
"Man With the Hoe" and . ''■&%£**% going to celebrate as never before. Manufacturers talk higher prices for fireworks double sole, either solid black foot, ecru *
Other Poems, : ' ; ' '^\f' Hk on account of the expected demand, but we have bought early the largest stock we've : soie °™ - cc ™ toot > correct for summer J
By E.win Markh.m $1.00 net .95 j «K^ hM ever owned, and prices here will be less than those of former years. r?r p3ir 25c #
.. ... . ' ifa'%*\jf ■■ Assorted cases for home display are our, specialty. They contain a great SuitttfieF Ladies' fine *
F"t*Snch We have impo ted //•* v^\/^ variety of articles and would cost a third more if bought piece by piece. Prices are. #j»» «#o««u# ****** r ' :bbed syp- *
Organdy. SIaBSi&JS '/ \ $/.00, $2.00, $3.50, $5.00, $7. 50 and $W.OO vf" a ff^flletvesffiniheS t
Organaies an 1 have had an unusually sue- il •, "/\\ Everything 111 fireworks here. Ask 01' SCtld for Illustrated Price plain and substantially around neck and «
ces?fu! season in them — there are 12 * '• ** j ■ , ' ■ armhole, drawn w.th silk tape, colors **
pieces left cf .1 nice sheer even trrea ed . L.1515. ■ . white, ecru, pink and sky blue-^each "JJ
quality, per yari 353 ' '. ' 2Oc I
. Six Great Special 62*9*% ******£**** M %** a ******* Ladies ' lMe Thread Union suits, low «
Bleached A rMlv R oo ' l Offerings this Week %JHTOGGS^9GSt &m^M^oS^^ai ! ; ; v no sleeves; high neck, short sleeves. J
TZ ••»•■*•■■•» wearing, fine Beach- ■ and high neck, long sleeves— colors white
OatnaSHm el Iris.i Table Li-en The lowest retail prices for Pure Food Products that are quoted in California, as a comparison of or ecru— each 50c *
from a fins fiber flax that w,ll retain its j our June Grocery Catalogue with others will prove. These extraordinary specials hold good until closing j : 1~1 I i'
gloss, M inches wide, 4 patterns »£„ ; time next Saturday night T " GtOCkS* ' ♦
"I """""" Emporium Family Flour-50-lb Sack .••••••;••/•• 77c '>\^^ Nickel Aiam Clock _ 4 . inch dial, 30 _ ?
Ganta z^^ 3^. We guarantee it to please— try it for bread or pastry, and we will refund the price paid for tha sack ?// ■ /rt** v1 A oar. fully guaranteed 7Oc ♦
HncirAtQ if you wish it. iiftl&Wti \\ Nickel Alarm Clock,"""" :££■ ♦
EvJfSfonT' ij^^^^§^ • Fancy Japan Rice— ll lbs for SOC \U«g^'m 2-inch dial, loud al,rn O J
They are i*lial-Vit" mm&M® Large,. sound and clean grain— it will prove satisfactory— sold regularly 6c lb. VW'BP^ Pp 3 2 minutes, bell *
•est and most con- Pyramid Soap Powder, Cudahy's— in pkgs 25c \L " Llilj xX \- on hoi torn $1.25 /F/Ii I
•est and m.^t Ix^^w^^ Pyramid Soap Powder, Cudahy s— 4-lb pkgs 25c % $$p& • * Ebonized Grt-trim- /A I
venient lunch, x^V^ l^s This price while supply lsats — package sells regu'ariy at 20c, and contains one pound more than a I TFjf¥»yh\ i* mm- Clock — Perfor- \Ck'"f~~Z\w *
shopping or tnve!- v .^<NX^^SV package of Gold Dust— guaranteed to 'ulease or mon^y refunde I. VM^r&"^'^ atc(| liiil 8 " i: '>" li *
mffe^wove'n or 2£a^ Vulcan Parlor Matches-^ pkg.-gross 45c ffgg^ *™ iSSfLi O^ 1
.! <:ianfs" grasses, th? fastening a curu m Imp 1 ted Mat "ties — first class in every particular — r.-gulary7c package an 1 <■> • gross. ' j „.-_. ' S2 05 /.^ i^\ "^
she!!, far ahead of the ordinary telescope j Special SaUteme Table Wine— ....'..' 65C " Eboniz7d"il a n tel hC--|p^\ 5
basket, prices accoraing to s 7 ' 1 , '*» 50 j We belitve the best ever sold in this cty for $1.00-65 c for this sale only. Cock— B-day, }.: hour U^. ~_^-~^ <t
: =— " Harper Rye or Bourbon— bottle, 72c-gallon ". * $3.30 f^iafhl^t, m; **. k ?
■ - idr.tj uiai, nronze leet, IZxLi 'nch^s in ,
Libert)/ Mace of a j Regularly 51 bottie or $4. so gallon— everybody that uses whi 'key. likes it. We recommend it. i s : z' ... $(.75 **
*"■•**'■ *«y am „,. .4 quality — — ■ — — - '- ■- I — ■ ■ -■•■•■- spr.m**
GOlffarettCSa brillimt black BS&/BH 9 JP^i 3 _&? E a BP 31 a 0 *• &° ma £•*"*•!:£* muz. » \ snerial im 2L
Libels*. f x.ra f .,i M d.. r i,.h. r . men's Giothmg Furnishings. < fSS^S^^^^^*
cordnn pleated end* of Fame m term!. m* «v? tai9fSa^SiOlMSm fhirt waist?, *
exceptional value at. $1.75 ant $1.25 Brief mention of a variety of a-tie'e? of summer attire for men and boys. Price? are surprisingly low, but the big store cambric and Nainsook materials, Irish ♦
__ _ ~ ..: „. . guarantees th? quilities— you know haw qiickly ani without question we right any unhtentional mistake by exchanging the ! po nt effects and open work, from 1;^ to *
CheGk Good Linen Check I goods or re f ing your m,nev. " 2Ji inches": wide, prices , J
TOWeHnff. \VX make? 6 fast Men's Suits for $7.5 7— Summer and medium I ette Drill or P-rcale Negligee Shiitsat 45-; Boys' Underwear, ■ 1O °' 12 c > i 5g ' 18 C, 25c >ai.l +>
R«lvedffef in red and blue assorted chsel b we'gh m-t-rins. fill woo , o>l style, we I made. 30c, 40c and 50.-'; Boys' Suspender^, ;o*, 153 and : 25c; Boys' : _. ♦
w dth^> inches psr yard... Wo Men's Suits fat* $W- Medium we : ght navy hue Handk?rchi 9 fs, r, , ficaH 12^:: Boys' Sox, 12'^c. F&PtGY Tcose : stylish Printed *
" l ~ - "" ; scrts, wih fine >erge linn.KS, piped w ; th b:-;ck satin, better Men's Golf Shirts, 95 G-?m)f, Blue, Helios 'P£t»MMM P que9> 32 ircheß "' e> «
rB MM #«« M The-e crrnh hive suits cam ot be made for the pr cc ; als > al.-the-year-round Striprs, Piaids, Cnecks— ail that is nt west and best in Madras *~i«*««e«S>o in black, navy, French *,
I#an*On „„'' „"„,,. ire nt h^ weights— FSncv Chev 0/1, neat light R r..y m'xtures. tans and and Percales— the hig.iest art of shirt-making has entered into bIu 3 anl h " ht grinds among them, 2,
Flannel m mil, \V«h-v<. S r, P ™. himvn< issartment of mre tlnn HOst.ies: also Block Clay th s great vacation or warm weather Shirt of ours at 95c— , :,, some nelt designs just produced, a very
lat T "e'T inthSmat old Mow rr'c™ «^«/<rf sai/s, reguar $12.t0 quality, in single or double see fie m. i special value, per.yard . t2 c «
There "s an odd lot of 15 pecesofla b"3?ted, or square cut see op cutaway fruci styles, m,■ Men's Stiff Bosom Shifts, 93 G -The best- - — "*
fßi&£*££&™ 7,G in nTstJr V S^S^-Lt woek that you can i KS^iS^S^^a 1^ StiSfSTStSftS? SttSS? 0 ' ! »»ltef*lfc PubUoßtHm |
14ca}a.O, our pnc. remain. no »"• $:5. $16.^0 and $17.50 raen'i niit^ for $9.4',. If you Men's Underwear, 530-Fine Derby Ribbed Bal- The FB «mtim*m ******* J
Tm*'>\wt*lanrm Wo hi' ala — - hay n't taken adyai.t ; > »■ ) tnis great suit ff-r. no s:. before lin^nrs -Pinks, Rues. Ecrus and Natural Grays— drawers &&*&Sffi&t&£iW@ff* %
RU%S ..!«.»^.scoiS i^t^oiiT.M is. ™. '™ a! s:-: *'"'""'*■ imat - ' sSnir 8 " rtS nia " "■"■ FrenCh ° sok - :n a " ■""■ : " C a The ■'-■ >-» <«• *«™™ Holiday *
wTe^o'se adve, SS"S &S ar Q. *f°2 S ' v^^ P *" tS SuS ' S > £ ™P°™*"» Collar-* great collar. 4 ply, 2103 f^to ce n r Ut a re:ever;uTfiJrß^S I
gone, but we place on sa'e this week i^ $7.50-^ t,n< and grays jut put pure linen-com.s in M the leading 20, and 25c shapes- '^^^S^^^i^' l^^ t
another lot of exquisitely co'ored fine m ? ock eve.j s.r.t s rictly- all-wool and W* anl launjries equally as well, and the m3 3 t popular of ! /"w mo/t *
all-wool reversible mikes at the -ri:e of XA, th-latest and best <v tunable for $7/0. collar nS in Francisco-sea our big window.v:. ; and tendeiSe" it conSr, Z£ 5
Hammocks, —^^ /mJ\ *J"»5, a««# -.sto. th cr ers -now colors and naw patterns, |¥ articies on Palmistry Tan-me^ lull «
Hammocks, ***** MJ\ ssetStss? bi^ ( 7 c t^i w i i sssisnaM 1 metal - 1 !*•? v-= 5
B 7x7 Tent 3, 3-foot wall.. consi9tent with /\\ H!f^s£t7a^ Ind rl ' . W$- m " H "if * os? *l thelitte f< n The Dressmaker, Knitting, Crochet ♦
7x7 Tent,, 3-foot wall $4.05 ■ ]/ V gjg^^ o , § ? jj* r " ?fc 1 5&?! i ? i^n-ju^t put ,n stock at the htt c LA-UA ncr, The Dressmaker, Knitting, Crochet- *
7x9 Tents, 3-foot wall 4.80 \\ \N Sh ; rts at £0. and ,5:, Boys' Piannel- | price o£--4 for 25c-worth more. //<>K ing. etc.. and a powerful dramatic story 2
SxlO Tents, 3-foot wall 6.80 I \ ■ / {W | of the Tennessee Mountains. 2i
Hammocks— $1.26. $1.35. |j I ™ Cold^nftulc ftazaar. "S / -/ **^S\ Siibscnbtiov.s taken at Butterich %
11.60 no to $4*53 AJ \M rif ■ < i */i . ,  7 .rj f^k*-3£?^' £ "iVk ' Pattern Ti.ipirimmt— main floor, ♦
Butterfly Ne.s for the children 250 ' f-*r<jj:}}p Lalifonua s Largest —^America 's Grandest Store- -^ bach of rotunda. *,
>
DISPLEASURE OF
GERMANY'S PRESS
Comment on the Peace
Conference.
ghted, 1899, by th? Associated rr»s?.
BERLIN. .Tune 17.— The recent devel
opments at the Peace Conference are
generally commented upon here and the
statements <>f the foreign papers, par
ticularly the Knglish. that the German
representatives at The Hagup are op
posed i" arbitration have been noted
with deep displeasure. Almost the en
tire press of Germany.glves indignant
voice i" what the papers t^rm "Eng
lish intrigues In order to prejudice tfie
world against Germany's pacific inten
t lons."
An important foreign official said to
the correspondent here of the Associ
ated Press:
"The Incomplete and usually dis
torted partisan reports of the doings of
our representatives at The Hagu*.
which havo appeared for weeks in the
foreign, notably the Plnglish and
French press, are calculated to create
false Impressions. It was on account
of this thai Count Munster proposed
that full reports of the transactions
from day to day he given out officially.
The fad th;it such a proposition was
made by Germany shows that we have
nothing to hide and have no fear of
correct and full reports.
"As regards England's proposal for
a permanent court of arbitration, this
goes beyond Russia's proposal. Aside
from that we miss several seemingly i
essential features, such as rules pro
viding for absolute impartiality. As
soon as guarantees of such impartiality
are given, Germany will be able to as-
Berfl to propositions going beyond th»
scope of the original Russian proposi-
I Hon. Some method will probably bo
found to improve on the incomplete
and unfair reports <>f the meetings of
the conference new in vogue, if i yen
I complete reports are to bo printed in
the official organ of the German Gov
ernment."
This statement is borne out by the
utterances of the semi-official press.
The Merlin Post this week has a se
ries of editorials, bitterly commenting
>>ri the "false and malicious reports of
the English press regarding Germany's
attitude at The Hague," ami asks Iron
ically why if Great Britain wishes to
, found courts of arbitration she has not
] appealed to such a court in the Trans
vaal matter or in the Alaskan diffi
culty.
The Cologne Gazette expressed th.->
belief that the whole conference will
"soon end in smoke."
This view is supported by a score of
other inlluential pa- ers. The National
Zeitung said it hoped the Government
would soon establish a method of regu
lar and reliable daily reports of the
doings of the conference.
The snub administered to Germany
by rejecting her Ministers proposition
at The Hague has been bitterly com
mented on by the press here. The
i Deutsche Zeitung remarks: "This
treatment of a big power like Germany
strikes me as wholly Inappropriate.
We hope the Government will find a
I fit answer to this lack of courtesy."
The Berlin Tag^hlatt. however, says:
I "If the report iB correct, we must as
sume that Dr. Zorn misunderstood his
instructions/"
Bicycle Meet for Marysville.
MARYSVIU.K. June 17.— The bicyclists
of this city have decided to hold a mccl
ai Agricultural Park mi Sunday after
noon, July 2. Organization \\;is effected
by (lie election of the following
officers: President, T. 11. Richards;
secretary, James L. Hart; treas
urer. Henry Berg. The programme
arranged, which is subject to additional
entries, Includes a third of a mile open
race, a Chinese rate. a half-mile rare for
boys under 18. a tandem race-, a free-for
all mile race, a bootblacks' racr ami 25
--mile pursuit race in which three teams
will take part, utif- frnm Sutter County.
"Jack" wing, Pacific ("n.-'st amateur
champion, will be presenl and go a mile
against a racehorse.
Advances made <:n furniture «nd piano?, with
or without remmal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
DENOUNCED AS
AN IGNORAMUS
Physicians Laugh at Dr.
J. Gordon Bennett.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Kfnni n
LONDON, June 17.— "The cur.- of mala
ria or any other fever In one night Is ab
surd. The man is an Igribramus. li is
Impossible and quite contrary t.> all the
laws of nature or of sense."
hi these very words and other similar
terms urn' the replies ;i Herald corre
spondent got to-day from several eminent
. London doctors whom he called upon and
Interviewed with reference to ihr- n< w
curt' for malaria which I>r. J. Gordon
Bennett »f Halifax claims to have discov
• red, ;is reported in a special cable dis
patch in Thursday's tii ralfl.
On reading I >r. J. Gordon Bennett's in
terview, ■■!'! seven doctors who were seen
simply laughed, with only two < xceptions.
Tiny made the same stipulation as they
did on former occasions when I inter
viewed ili>'in on other subjects for the
Herald. Thai was thai their names
should noC '»• attached in any statments
thej made.
It wasn't thai they feared expressing
any opinion, but tlwre'seema to be some
sort of professional etiquette which pre
vents them from lending their names tn
< ritlclsms in newspapers of other prac
titioners' views and methods.
One eminent doctor, living on Wimpole
street, who has always been mosi oblig
ing in giving the Herald his views on
matters of public interest, w gentleman
who is closely connected with fever hos
pitals, and an old experienced practi
tioner, spoke his mind very freely. The
value of his utterances may be Judged
from the fact that lie is a fever special
ist and has long been connected with f> -
ver hospitals. He has had passed thou
sands of fever cases of all kinds through
liis hands, and has. moreover, at the pres
ent lime, under treatment a number of
soldu rs invalided home to Bnglai '1 from
[ndta, suffering from agui and malaria.
NEGOTIATIONS FOR ISLANDS.
Spain Trying to Dispose of Remain
ing Possessions to Germany.
BERLIN, iunc 17.— The correspondent
of the Associated Press learns, on reliable
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING. | HARDWARE.
LP fIFfiFM Manufacturer of Petting nn<J D ALACK Hardware C*. Importers and n»ai
I. i/CUCn, LftCo Leather. 105-107 Mis- *^ ers in hardware. 603 MarkVtVteT. Main T3t
elon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. — — — . _
_ IRO.N FOUNDERS.
BO.LFR MAKERS. Western Foundry Morton R Hedley. Prom.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, 234 Fremonts '- c as tin ZS o t R T 'e ry d,.
UjUrtrjl^il DXJI.LiCjn, VV VjrA,n.O, scriptlon Made to Order. Tel Black 1503
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. : -— ' — .
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship j ' PAPER DEALERS.
work. WILLAMFTTF p % p AND PAPEI ? «>..
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. " "•"*""■ ' 'L ?" Montgomery str_.»».
Telephone Main 5045. PRINTING.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. E- C- -JUGHES.SII S^nso^frr^t
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY., ! m BiciSjUDiTcO;.^,^^'
342 to 350 Oearv Street. AboTC Powell. <t» « n/1 o • ,« i Z^Z " ~~
Periodicals. Book, and Stationer,. 6l.sonotX_dror^at b eS2"prM'-
•- catalogue printing a specialty. MELA. BLEi*'
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. 6U.1 Sacramento street. Tel. Main 1838.
J. C. WILSON & CO.. STATIONS AND PRINTER?"
WO. BATTERY STREET. 1 Te 'c*g" C PAR TRIDQE forni^
Telephone Main 1564. ' " •
: -: . — — — WAREHOUSEMEN.
COPPERSMITH. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. . H. BLTTH. Ugr. Forwarilln> Asrrnts and public Weighers. Oen-
nnci Ship Work a Specialty, 10 and 18 g'l og^al^rn^a^^l^Sa?- 3^
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 _____ : •
Woshinjiton St. Telephone. Main 5641. , WATCHES, ETC.
' DRLGuisTs .WHOLESALE-. j L LUNDY, *ffiFBS%£ e &Z? l tt£*
REDIN6TON &' CO. K^^ifSßE. ! " WHIT. ASH steam COAL,
. _ : __ Mined by the
FRFSH AND SALT MFATS . ' BLACK PIAMONL* -UAL- MINING CO. at It*
hKfcSrl o A.-.U SAUI mfcAiS. GREEN RIVER COLHERIES.
JAS F.OYFS &CO ?- nlppln S »"£»>«* 104 , is the 13:.-. Coal In the Market. .
JA_3« I>VIU a W.« lj-lv. Xei. ilala Df Clfice and Yards— lso Mala ti.Uwfc-
authority, that negotiations i\ro really
pending between Spain and Germany for
the cession of the West African island of
Fernando Pn and some other imp"rt;i'it
Spanish colonies. The negotiations are
at such a stage that mutual secrecy is in
sisted upon. !t is learned that the Cana
ries are also within tht>sc nr>sr«itiation«
Spain asks n big <urn. however— much
higher than Germany is willing to pay
5SUNDAY , JUNE 18, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to /v' S, LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Mcrk.et..and Third Sts.. S. F i
Telephone Mo!n':BfiS. * : V : 'i/ J
EDITORIAL ROO^IS y.'.zitio 221 Stevenson Street j
Telephdbe Stain JSii. 'l . ' . :
DELIVERED BY; CARRIERS, ,15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single i • pi'"-. 5 routs. . :
Terms by Mai:/ Including Postage:
I>AIT,T CALL (Including S-Jr.day i:al!)r on* year !5«?.Of» I
DAILY CALL (Including .'.inlay Call), 6 months 15. (50 j
DAILY CALL (nrladlPß Sunday Call), 3 months '. J .51) i
DAILY CALL— r> Single Mo.th <>."o I
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50 I
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.1)0 j
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions,
temple copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
MIW YORK OFFICE.... Room ISS, World Building j
C. GEO. KROG.NESS. Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Wa!florf-A6t'.r Hotel: A. Brentano. 31' Union Square; i
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D.C.) OFFICE Wellington Hot-I j
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqtiette Building j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representativs.
CHICAGO NEWS : STANDS.
Sherman IIous.;; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. j
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until &-.30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until j
6:30 o'clocK. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 j
O'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK. j
!£<l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 8291 MarHst
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2516 |
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock 1505 PolK street, open I
L.-.til 9:30 o'clocK NW. corner Twenty-second .ana j
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "The liars' ' to-morrow night.
California— Japanese jierformance.
i Vaudeville.
Alcazar — "The Master of Ceremonies."
Grand Owra House -*'E1 CapHan."
Th 1: "La Kllle de Ma lac - Ang : "
A Ilia m bra— "Trovatore."
Hecreatson Park baseball to-day.
l'n!or. C^urslr-e I .irk Cou Ing to-day.
Glen Park Grand performance to-day.
Chutes X.ou uthl Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evnlng.
Olympia Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth— Bat-
tle of Manlli Bay.
Sutro Boths-^-Swimminc Races, etc.
Harbor View Park^-Picnic to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By •■has.' & Mondenhall— Thursday, June 22, 81 11 o'clock,
Hi r?es. ii corner Van --.'.:..• md Market street
<; trapes ["tail*"! COUNCIL,
A DAIRYMEN'S COMBINE
SIX* ■ nations are ihe order of the day.
is no reason why there should be any
or ai j ■ lignation over the report that
ivho supply San Francisco with milk
■ r haw undertaken to form an association for
idvancement of their interests, in this as in all
r combinations the determination whether the
''■■< beneficial to the public depends not
upon the combination itself but upon the ends to
v hich it^ energies are t< I <i and the manner
in which its business is ;i !■< conducted
Combinations of dairymen have existed in the
hborhood of several ol the large :ities oi the
• ior some tin* them it may be Said as
was written of the virgins in the ]iil>l<-. spme a/n
wi^-e and ~o<ne are foolish. The association which
conti iry supply of Boston has recently been
considerable newspaper discussion, and
. i .1- been brought out during the investi
ars that from such combinations there
-. ■■■■ I ing s ' ■ hope or and soi icthing to fear
a woman charged
brought out the
Boston 3 retailer of milk or ; consumer
cannoi 1 dairyman to another with
•air) men's . v ssociation of that
n, it seems, discovered that
• • ished her was not pure and end( ivorccl
■ ther ■ ler. but f< iund that
so, a- the rules of the combine for
-1 ■ t< take awa) tlfe customers of
•
has been changed since the dis
le in the case we do not know. It i- gen
';■• the Boston public as a hud rule,
nd vi y is so. unless the association can
find iay o - antei ng the product of each of
There arc such abundant opportum
■ i- vi milk that if dishonest dealers are to
• ■ 1 the combine the re
r< sure to be prejudicial to the public welfare.
Oiirjiip the investigations of the subject in Boston
• ■ »phistications of all kinds cx
i-; in "in m ness. A substance bearing a close
■ nee to cream can be irtfused into skimmed
milk, and even milk that i- comparatively -our can
em fresh. Referring to these "milk
d colorings." a Bo ton paper says
re men who carry on a large business in deal
ing in them, and adds: "A circular from a concern
engaged in the business gives the names and prices of
different ■ • [pounds intended to preserve milk from
souring; to enhance the color of butter: to make
cider '.-park it- like champagne." and to embellish va
other articles of diet. Compounds are recom
mended that are said to 'keep milk and cream per
fectly sweet and fresh for any desired length fjf time.'
There are powders warranted that 'will give a deli
-1 other- that impart a 'natural, rich.
creamy shade in milk and buttermilk.' One of the
artists is so 'enthused' over the success of his trans
formations as to declare that 'Nature is no longer in
ame-.'
A milk association that will work for the protec
tion of iionc-t dairymen against the competition of
dishonest dealers in such stuff as that brought to
light in Boston will undoubtedly be of great benefit
to San Francisco, and since it appears likely that
some combine will be formed it is to be Imped it will
be of that kind.
The Bedouin Arabs who stole the holy carpet of
Mahomet* are hiding! it for ransom. They must have
token their tip from the San Francisco Police Com
missioners, who recently put a Price on their carpet.
Somebody has worked out another grudge on
Henry 1. Kowalsky. He has been'elcctcd "grand
builder of hospitals in the Grand Hospitium of the
Bohemians of* America."
The press dispatches contain the information that
"Oom" Paul Kruger continues to consume his two
gallons of heer a day, notwithstanding, his- dislike of
British growlers.
The dear old BaH<ans are looming again on ths
European horizon. They were ai.vays heaps of
trouble.
PROTEST OF BUNKER HILL.
Til!", battle of Bunker Hill was not fought on the
eminence of that name, which rises one hun
dred and ten feet above the sea level, but on a
lower spot known as Breeds Hill, in the immediate
vicinity. There Colonel Prescott. with fifteen hun
dred patriots, confronted the British troops and with
stood the British bombardment, and. although tech
nical victory was with the enemy, they retired in per
fect order, after having baptized a continent by the;
rites oi constitutional liberty and sounded a blast for j
humanity that has since reverberated throughout the j
world. The Mystic River, flowing into Boston har
bor and blending with the surging Atlantic, was an
apt simile of the stream of popular sovereignty that,
since June 17. 1775. has poured from Bunker Hill into
the arid deserts of monarchy and imperialism. The
commemorative obelisk, *2\ feet in height, over !
which from base to summit the magnificent eloquence
of Daniel Webster spread its consecrated patriotism.
i • tin. perpetual sentinel of a Continental Republic. 1
with its banner of liberty, across the broad expanse
between two mighty oceans, waving in solar glory or |
resting under the -till majesty of the night.
It is hard to comprehend how an imperialist, an
Asiatic annexationist, a convert to Roman or British
colonization, or an American speculator or plutocrat,
drenched with mercenary turgidity, can think of Bun
ker Hill without a blush, or, at its recurring anni
versary, .successfully resist its regenerating and trans
figuring influence: On that day the rising sun flood
ed the cradle of American freedom, and with its ex- j
piring rays it seemed that, on this hemisphere, dcs- j
potism had sunk into eternal darkness. Through
humble colonists, the ragged Continentals, manhood
had burst the cerements of the ages and stood upon
it< feet in all the splendor of resurrection. ,\ spon
taneous impulse, perhaps more accurately a providen- 1
tial suggestion, precipitated a revolution that never !
receded until our Constitutional Republic was firmly i
• stablished. The blow struck for liberty was followed
by the Declaration of Independence, by the bloody
struggle with King George, by the Articles of Con- |
it-deration, by the Federal Constitution, by the ab
sorption of the Northwestern Territory, by natural
and legitimate extension from the Gulf of Mexico j
and the Colorado to the Arctic, by the supreme test;
of the Civil War. by development in population, |
111 wealth, in power and in influence, that almost
satiated the optimists of the globe.
It i> this history that the reactionists, the revolu
tionists, the gold worshiper-, would obliterate or re
verse in the titanic contest of 1850. when the Ex
pounder of the Constitution, surrounded by states
men and patriot-, was facing sectionalism and slowly
drawing California into the Union, he said: "We j
have a great, popuiar, constitutional Government,
guarded by law and judicature, and defended by the'
affections of the whole people. No monarchical]
throne presses these State- together, no iron chain i
of military power encircle- them. They live and
stand under a Government popular in its form, rep-'
resentative in its character, founded upon principle* 1
quality, and so constructed, we hope, as to last j
forever. In all its history it has been bene
ficent: it has trodden down no man's liberty, it
has crushed no State." This was the same noble
American who. twenty years earlier, with his heart:
turned toward Bunker Hill and the beginning of
American history, had stood for "Liberty and
Union," and had proclaimed that where the Ameri
can republic was born the might of patriotism
would be exerted to save it. and that it would fall at
last, "if fall it must, amidst the profoundest monu
ments of it- own glory and on the very spot of its
< rigin."
And when our first martyred President assumed
!:i- official station and inaugurated his own immor
tality he proudly asked: "Is it true, then, that any
right, plainly written in the constitution, has been
denied?" * * * "Think, if you can, of a single
instance, in which a plainly written provision of the
constitution has ever been denied."
Bunker Hill has been appropriately celebrated in
;;-'»') We hope its meaning and it< protest may be
accepted and enforced at home, if for the moment
rded in tuba and the Philippines.
HENDERSON'S ELIGIBILITY.
Till" opposition to Henderson for the Speaker
ship continues to rally around the idea that his
Scotch, birth excludes him from that office be
cause the law of i7<)_>. repealed in 1886. put the Presi
dential succession in the legislative branch of the
Government by selecting the President pro tempore
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House.
The constitution, as we have shown, gives Con
gress the power to designate the officer of the Gov
ernment who shall succeed to the Presidency in the
event of disability of the President and Vice Presi
dent. The act of 1702 was passed to conform thereto.
it might as well have sent the succession to the Chief
Justice, or the senior Senator or Representative, or to
the chairman of the Way- and Mean- Committee of
the House, or the chairman of the Finance Commit
tee of the Senate,. Either course would have been in
perfect conformity to the constitution. The Bulletin
;- arguing that the succession can go only to such
"officers" as arc named in the constitution, and that.
therefore, the law of 1886 is invalid because it sends
it to the Cabinet officers in the order of their se
niority! and these are not specifically named in the
constitution. But the instrument says that the houses
i of Congress shall elect a Speaker, President pro tem
pore "and other officers." These are sergeant at
arms; clerk, etc.. and. therefore, according to the Bul
letin, the Presidential succession could be conferred
1141011 the sergeant at arms or the clerk of either
Hotlse, but not upon the members of the Cabinet, be
cause the former arc included among the "officers"
authorized by the constitution. The law of 1886 is
■ spoken of as if it were already under fire in a case
pending before the courts and about to be decided
adversely to its validity.
But there is no such case, nor can there be unless
the situation arises for which the law provides and
the Secretary of State were about to take the office
of President. It is quite likely that even then no way
I cculd be found in which to bring such an issue to bar.
A writ would have to issue from a Federal court. All
, such writs mu>t run in the name of the President of
the United States: therefore the- executive would
be in the position of issuing a writ against himself to
1 test his right to apply for the writ at all.
That the law of 1886 was constitutional was not
doubted by the Congress which passed it. In that
Congress were Edmunds. Carlisle, Hoar, and other
leaders of the American bar of both parties, and they
all concurred in its support.
Not only on constitutional grounds is the law right,
hut it is justified on tho^e of propriety and expe
diency. The purpose of the constitution is to keep
tiir three co-ordinate branches o? the Government as
distinct from each other as possible. The House has
infrequent occasion to influence the choice of the
' executive, arising only when there is a failure of
oh"i( c by the Electoral Colleges. The Senate takes
ii a part in the executive function only when ratify-
i ng treaties and confirming appointments, and in the
xxiJUi L-xia.l i M.I'.TJI.JL'I V^'.l.k.'JV-'V^ V-fIJJJJ, OU1'« J-'-CI.X, U Ul^l-Li 10, J.0«7*7»
judicial function when sitting as a court of impeach
ment. The President participates in legislation only
when using the veto. To pass the Presidential suc
cession to the President pro tempore of the Senate
and Speaker of the House was to invite intrigue for
the vacation of the office that it might fall to the legis
lative branch. It is no secret that the attempt to
impeach Andrew Johnson arose in just such an in
trigue. Ben Wade was President pro tempore of the
Senate. A cabal formed to oust Johnson, make Wade
President and profoundly change the future course of
political events. It would have succeeded except for
the clear judicial judgment of Fessenden and Grimes.
With the succession to the executive placed definitely
in the executive branch of the Government, the in
dependence of that branch is preserved and the three
co-ordinate branches of the Federal government are
kept as distinct as the constitution intended.
The Bulletin falls into a strange error about
Speaker Crisp, who was born in England, by saying
that his parents were there in the service of this Gov
ernment. His parents were actors and were fre
quently abroad playing long engagements, for they
were artists of merit. During one of these sojourns
the future Speaker was born. His par:nts were fa
vorites in Boston and lived there a great deal, filling
professional engagements. On such occasions they
lived with the parents of Congressman Loud of this
city, and he and the future Speaker were friends in
boyhood. Their early relations were the cause of the
marked favor shown Mr. Loud by Crisp when in the
chair.
To conclude the issue of Henderson's eligibility, it
is as undoubted as is his right to a seat in the House.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER.
AFTER consideration sufficiently long to allow
time for clue attention to every issue involved,
the Regents of the University of California
have elected Benjamin Ide Wheeler of Cornell to
succeed Martin Kellogg in the presidency. The
choice will doubtless give well nigh universal satis
faction to all who are interested in the welfare cf the
institution, and the new president will find cordial
support and co-operation in the work that awaits
him.
While it would have been pleasing in many respects
to have had a native Californian. or one long iden
tified with the State, chosen to preside over the uni
versity at this juncture, when it is about to enter upon
r new epoch in its development, still it has been
everywhere recognized that true State patriotism
would be shown not so much by electing a local edu
cator because of local esteem as in choosing the man
who is best fitted for the position and can render
best service to the State, and that i* what the Regents
have aimed to accomplish.
There is urgent need at this time for a man of ex
ceptional powers at the head of the State University.
The institution occupies the peculiar position of hav
ing a financial embarrassment at present with the
most golden and splendid prospects in the immediate
future. It therefore requires for its proper manage
ment a President who can deal with equal wisdom
with the two diverse problems of existing neecis and
prospective expansion, as well as give a new stimulus
tc it* educational work and extend its intellectual in
fluence.
Abundant reasons exist for believing the Regents
have found such a man as the occasion requires. Pro
fessor Wheeler, while comparatively young, has at
tained a national reputation for eminence in univer
sity work. He is reputed to be a many sided man.
with sympathies for all the issues of university life,
from scholarship to athletics. He comes to us with
recommendations that give assurance that our most
sanguine expectations of an ideal president for the
new era of California University will be fulfilled, and
accordingly there will be a general congratulation
throughout the State over the choice made by the
Regents, and a warm welcome when he arrives to
enter upon his labors.
CONGRATULATIONS TO SAN DIEGO.
WITH this issue of the paper Mr. James Mac-
Mullen resigns the responsibilities of the office
of managing editor of The Call to accept con
trol ami management of the San Diego Union.
While the change is one that advances Mr. MacMullen
to a position which he prefers, and is therefore in the
nature of a promotion, the chief beneficiaries of the
loss to The Call will be the paper which obtains his
services and the city to whose welfare that paper is
devoted. To San Diego and to the San Diego
Union, therefore, the congratulations of the occasion
jire due.
Mr. MacMullen has been on the staff of The Call
(or upward of eleven years of continuous service.
Beginning his work on the paper as a reporter, he
soon demonstrated a marked capacity for mastering
every duty intrusted to him. and rose rapidly in the
esteem of his colleagues and his employers. Pro
moted to the desk of city editor, he filled that posi
tion with such success that when The Call passed
under the control of the present management he was
assigned to the office of managing editor, and in that
field even more than in the former ones demonstrated
his wide knowledge of practical journalism and his
ability to direct and control men.
Rarely has any city editor or managing editor
maintained a better discipline in a newspaper office.
cr infused a staff of workers with more of harmony
and genuine enthusiasm in their work, than Mr.
MacMullen did while holding those positions on The
Call. He leaves with the regrets of all who have
worked with him. for there is not one who does not
feel a loss of something personal to himself in the re
tirement of a man who has been not only an inspir
ing managing editor but a genial companion and a
true friend.
The San Diego Union will find in its new manager
a well trained journalist of liberal education and wide
experience — an editor who knows news and how to
obtain and how to handle it. His service to the paper
will be valuable in many ways, and can be relied upon
to widely extend its usefulness and deepen its in
fluence. San Diego adds to her population a citizen
of marked public spirit, of generous sympathy with
every movement that tends to the general good; one
who will in his new office be largely instrumental in
advancing every interest of the community. To the
Union and to San Diego The Call extends congratu
lations.
Chief of Police Devery of New York swears that he
saw no money pass for admission to the Teffries-
Fitzsimmons fight. Such sublime official blindness
ought to make the Chief famous.
President Kruger of the Transvaal says that in view
of recent events he doesn't know what is going to
happen. He will not remain long in doubt if he con
tinues to step on the lion's tail.
Aguinaldo has sent another of his generals to death.
If he keeps up the good work much longer he will be
forced to turn on himself.
. News comes of the collapse of the banana trust.
The promoters probably slipped up in a skin game.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
The word. "June," printed conspicu
ously at the head of the calendars, re
ports of sweltering heats coming to us
from all points outside the city, a cer
tain haziness in the atmosphere, the
radiant diaphanous garmentin^s of the
girls upon the streets, two ripples of
earthquake and several severe shocks
of suicide, are evidences that summer
time has come — the season that wilts
the collars and tries the souls of men —
the period of the year when some mor
tals throw aside their clothes for a
plunge into the sea; and others throw
their bodies off for a dive into the in
finite.
All authorities on the subject agree
that suicide is more likely to occur in
summer than in winter, in the daytime
than in the night, on sunny days than
in gloomy weather; is more frequently
resorted to by healthy people than by
the sick, by the young than by the old,
by the educated than by the ignorant,
and by people who are comparatively
well to do than by those who suffer the
wretchedness of absolute poverty.
Arguing: from statistics, therefore,
Mr. Tennyson should have written, "In
the spring a young man's fancy lightly
turns to thoughts of suicide." Man can
turn to thinking of love in January as
well as in June, but he cannot think
so easily of self-destruction. When the
atmosphere of the earth is disagreea
ble one does not feel like stripping off
his Hesh and trusting his naked soul to
the inclemencies of the infinite. Any
body at any time can tumble into love,
but one must have youth and beauty
and vigor of some kind, and the sea
son must be gay and bright and warm
when desire comes to knock at death's
door to ask for a place to sleep.
There is a sort of nlekel-in-the-slot
philosophy which accounts for suicide
on the grounds of insanity or coward
ice; and it is as common as the slot
machines and just about as valuable.
It is easy to say no sane person nor any
courageous person ever committed self
destruction, but the saying doesn't ac
cord with the facts.
The race that in all history is most
noted for breeding men with sane
minds in sane bodies— men conspicuous
above all others for physical hardihood
and moral strength — was that of old
Rome; and that race produced more
illustrious and a larger number of illus
trious suicides than any other. Their
philosophy encouraged it, and it was a
proverb among them, "He who com
plains of the ills of life is a fool, for he
may die when he chooses."
Of course suicide will never be to the
modern world what it was to the an
cient. It is one of the few paganisms
which the devotees of Mrs. Grundy and
the votaries of Bohemta unite in de
nouncing with severity and with wit.
and' which is therefore condemned in
the name of society and in thf name of
good fellowship as a violation of re
ligion, a breach of etiquette and a sign
of a lack of humor.
By reason of this well nigh universal
objection, suicide has ceased to be
practiced by statesmen, society leaders,
public lecturers, wits, authors or others
who desire popular favor. It does not
follow, however, that those who do
take it up as a last resort are any more
unworthy of the love <>f the masses
than a good many of those who would
never think of doing anything so
shocking to popular sensibilities and
so false to the teaching of < >ninr Khay
yam.
• * *
If we accept the showing of the re
cords and do not go behind the re
turns, there are as many reasons for
suicide as for matrimony. In some In
stances, Indeed, the very motive which
prompts one person to marry prompts
another to get in all haste to the realm
where there is neither marriage nor
giving in marriage.
Some folks kill themselves in June
because of things for whirh they would
not give 30 cents in March. Two girls.
young and joyous, attempted suicide in
this city, and one of them succeeded,
because a young man broke a promise
to take them to Denver. A dispatch
from New York reports that a woman
killed herself in that city last Sunday
because she found it "too hot to live."
A woman in this city lived as long as
she was able to believe her lover worth
dying for, but as soon as she found he
was not worth it she killed herself for
him.
Clearly Matthew Arnold was wrong
in saying the chief defect of- the race is
"a bloodthirsty clinging to life." A con
siderable number' do not cling to it with
even a beer thirst. Not more readily
do prunes drop from the trees in year?
when prunes bring good prices than do
some persons drop from life; and no
sooner does there come a clear, warm
day, when the heavens look enticing,
than they turn loose of earth and let
their souls drop down the abysses of
space without even taking the trouble
to look where they are going to light.
» * *
Every one who meditates suicide
feels along with the impulse to self
destruction an equally strong impulse
to give a reason for it. Thus the art
so far from being irrational is perhaps
more conducive to reasoning than any
other within the power of man. Few
people, even when under the influence
of love or liquor, undertake it without
giving to it the most serious thought of
which they Hre capable; and it is hard
ly an exaggeration to say that every
intelligent man or woman in the world
has at times earnestly considered it as
a solution of the harassing problems of
life.
Many are the actions by which hu
manity manifest's its superiority to the
brute creatures who nourish a blind
Hfe within the brain, but. as has been
many times pointed out, the powers
which most strikingly evince that su
periority are those that enable the hu
man to eat when he is not hungry,
drink when he is not thirsty, make love
when not in love and die when he foels
like it. In each of such actions there
is a distinct triumph of mind over mat
ter, of the spirit orer the flesh, a sub
ordination of the body to the desires of
the soul.
Some philosophers maintain that
thought is a disease of the brain; that
every interference of the intellect with
the processes of the physical being is
an insane proceeding. According to
that philosophy, it is an act of insanity
for the brain to compel the body to die
when the body desires to. dance; but
by the same argument it is also insane
for the brain to compel the body to
drink a gallon of beer when being al
ready swollen with liquid it longs for a
salt herring; or to gorge itself with a
French dinner when it desires nojhing
but a ham sandwich. Thus if suicide
be insanity, so also is high life insan
ity: and the only sane member of the
human family is the ourang outang.
When aspirins suicides undertake to
give reasons for their aspiration they
make a most fantastic mockery of di
vine philosophy, for not one person in
a million and a half can exnlain the
motive of even the simplest actions of
his life. Hence every act of self
destruction is accompanied by some
thing in the nature of a comedy and
causes the face of the world to assume
the grotesque expression of a grinning
mouth underneath weeping eyes.
A tender hearted woman in this city
in giving way to the promptings of the
June came to the conclusion she was
dying for a man, and left behind her a
verse declaring:
You I loved since first we met,
You 1 loved and love you yet.
You may hate, but I will never
Till heaven and earth shall bump together.
About the time that verse so pathetic
in its simplicity was in process of com
position a man who had resolved to
get off the earth set about rinding an
explanation for his action and, manlike,
took to philosophy instead of poetry, as
the ladies do. He wrote:
"When the philosophy of the human
family has been learned and women re
fuse to inspire a feeling of a masculine
heart, a man will think this: Woman's
object in life is to play a man for a
fool, and she never will leave him till
she finds a bigger fool."
Thus it is shown that in this act, as
in all others, the woman blames the
man and the man blames the woman;
and each finds in the other a helpmeet
and a resource to account for all short
comings. Surely it would be a sad
world indeed if men and women did not
have one another to rely upon in time
of trial.
. '.'.: • * *
The reasons assigned ' for their ac
tions by persons who are about to re
move themselves out of reach of trou
ble have no value at all. except as illus
trations of the truth that when people
give you nine reasons why they per
form a certain act, you may be sure
there is a tenth reason— not given—
which is the dominant" one of the lot.
Fortunately the subject has been stu
died by great men and their views are
more instructive than those of the
small fry.
In explaining the motives of Werther
and the causes which induced that
youth to close his bright career, Goethe
attributes self-destruction in every case
to a sheer weariness of life caused by
the failure <>f repeated efforts to enjoy
it. Victor Hugo regarded it as the out
come of an Incessant meditation upon
the conditions of existence. "When a
man goes out every morning," says
Hugo, "to meditate upon life, he will
go out some evening and fling himself
into the river." Giacomo Leopard! con
sidered it the result of "a desire for hap
piness, not satisfied with pleasure," out
of which there comes a conviction that,
"life has not one sole fruit, but use
less misery all."
"All satisfaction in life." said Goethe, I
"is based upon the regular recurrence
of outward things. The alterations of
day and night, the seasons of the year, |
of flowers and fruits, and of whatever '
else returns from time to time, which j
we can and ought to enjoy; these are ■
the proper impelling powers of earthly (
life. The more open we are to those
pleasures, the happier we are; but if
the variety of these things appear be
fore us without nur participating in it,
then there comes upon us the greatest
evil and the heaviest disease, and we i
regard life as a disgusting burden. The
thought at least of suicide becomes
then inevitable."
If these opinions on the subject are
not convincing, they have at any rate
a moral common to them all and are
therefore instructive. They teach the
three maxims: Be content with pleas
ure, do not think too much and keep in
the swim.
Among the factors that tend to wear
iness of life is- the unendurable mourn
fulness of nature, for never was the
human soul ever quite so sad as the
world around it. It is not for nothing:
we talk of the wailing of the winds,
the moaning of the seas, the sighing*of
leaves and the dirges of the forests.
Animate nature may be gay enough at
times with its variety of fighting, feed
ing, frolicking and mating, but inani
mate nature appears to be always for
lorn. Even the infinite heaven seems
to have a yearning for some'hing it
cannot attain, or hasn't attained as
yet; and doubtless could we but hear,
it would be found the very music of the
spheres is sot in a minor key.
A disputant in one of the "Philo
sophical Dialogues" of Ernest Renan
attributes the mournfulness of nature
to an incessant yearning to evolve a
God. Nature, according to that specu^
lative philosopher, feels through her
universal frame the need of an intelli
gence that is at once omnipotent and
benevolent, and is forever trying to
give birth to him. Every force that
governs matter, from that which on
this earth has caused the worm to
mount through countless spirals up
ward to the dignity of man, to that
which moves jn the throbbing and the
panting of the stars, tends each in its
way to accomplish nature's vast de
sire.
Such a philosophy is just as helpful
as another in explaining the unexplain
able. and is more cheerful than most,
inasmuch as it gives a premise of the
coming of a time when life in the
United States and in the Universe gen
erally will be so much better ordered
than at present that no one will ever
Ret weary of life or anything in it from
love to politics, and suicide wili cease
with the tired feeling.
The final word of sane genius upon
suicide was uttered by Tennyson is
"The Two Voices":
'Tis life whereof our nerves are scan';
O life, not death, for which we pant;
More, life and fuller that I want.
That statement expresses as near the
whole truth as we can attain tn this
world upon the subject of self-destruc
tion. Those in whose nerves lire in
scant kill themselves in the expecta
tion of Kettinß a better supply in a
new deal. That being so, the best ar
gument against suicide is to be found
in the old saying, "life is short, but we
shall be a long time dead." Conceding
all the superiority that can be claimed
for the spirit world over this planet,
the fact remains that we shall hay*
ample time to enjoy it when we get to
it; but once we leave here, we come not
again. So long therefore as one has a
stake on the table of life, it j s
best to stay with it and play t
out. There is no telling what
may come on the next turn 0 £ tk
wheel.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
T. H. Selvage, a prominent attorn
Eureka, is In town. W
A. H. Conger, a capitalist of Pasadena,
is registered at the Grand.
Herbert S. Ogden of the United State 3
survey is registered at the Palace.
Ex-Mayor Robert Effey of S nta
was among yesterday's arrivals ai
Grand.
Charles E. firrickson, a railroad con
tractor of San Luis Obispo, Is stopping at
tli" Lick.
Captain Frank Barrett, a banker nf
Palo Alto, was among yesterday's arrivals
at the Lick.
F. P. Mills, a wealthy mining: man of
Coulterville, is stopping with his family
at the Occidental.
State Prison Director Daniel E. Hayes
( ame down from Folsom yesterday and is
stopping a 1 the < >ccidental.
Major and Mrs. John Tweedale arrived
yesterday from Washington and are
registered at the Occidental.
H. W. M. Frank, a prominent furniture
dealer, returned i ; , s; evening from a busi
ness trip throueh the Northwest.
W. S. Gage of the Pacific Lumber Com
pany, which operates Extensively in Hum
boldt County, is on .t business trip to Now
York.
D. R. McNeil, proprietor of Central
Park, Marts for the Easi Tuesday even
ing to be gone several weeks. He will
visit all the principal cities of the East
in quest of fresh attractions in the amuse
ment line.
Walter I. Willey. who has charge of the
letting of contracts for Endian reservatf^t
supplies in California is making ready f"r
the opening- of bids -'l* thi 21st Inst. He
has hired a warehouse at the corner of
Clay and Davis streets, when g tods will
be stored.
1). K. B. Sellers of Wellman-Peck com
pany has just returned from an extensive
trip throughout The Kast. ha
delegated by the tobacco jobbers of Cali
fornia, Orepon and Washington •. V ; it
the larger manufacturers of that s<
His object primarily to the Easl w.'.s
to stimulate trade in his line wit!
orient. 'The jobbers foresee a great fu
ture in that direction and are k
abreast of the times. Mr. Sellers' v ;
are very encouraging.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June IT.— A. Sweet of
L.os Angeles is at the Ebbit House. H.
A. Breeden of San Francisco is at the
Shoreham. Bernard Duncan of I,ns An
geles is at the St. James. A. B. Wood of
Honolulu is at the Arlington.
ROYAL ARCANUM DAY.
Anniversary of the Order to Be Cele
brated .rere and in Los Angeles.
The members of Argonaut Council Xo.
r.97. Golden West Council No. iTlfi and of
Buena Vista Council No. i'j'4, of this city,
will on Friday evening next cel'ebi
Royal Arcanum day, that bemg the
twenty-second anniversary of the found-^
ing of the order. A fine programme has J
been prepared by the joint committee in
charge. Addresses will be delivered by
able speakers, ami there will be recita
tions, music and songs, after which ther.i
is to be a programme of dances. The
celebration will be in the L.aurel Hall of
the Shield building.
Last Monday Supreme Representative
George W. Dixon, Grand Regent Samuel
.]. Chappell and Grand Secretary <".
Davidson paid an official visit to Si.
Council No. 1074 in I.os Angeles, when
there were Interesting address< •
visitors, and the membership was in
formed of what had been done in the Su
preme Council in the city of
ton at its recent session. The foil..
night these officers visited Calif
Council in the same city. The councils
of tlv Angel City will celebrate the anni
versary of the founding of the order by a.
picnic "at Terminal Pnrk.
Souvenir Programme.
The Native Sons' Medal and Certificate
Committee is preparing a souvenir pro-
Kiamme to be used in connetcion with
the distribution of the certificates and
medals to the soldiers and sailors who
unlisted in the service of the United
States from California. It will be mane
up of li'A pages, illustrated, and will con
tain a history of the movement, the r< -
ter of all the California volunteers, a
great deal of information in relation to
the raising of troops in this State and
what each branch of the service did. It:
is expected that 18,000 of these pro
grammes will be Issued- for the men
who enlisted and 10,000 to be distributed
when the medals and certificate's arfe
given out.
Soldiers Are Repentant.
W. G. Nigh. John K. Costigan and Pat
rick Brannan, the three soldiers who cre
ated a disturbance at Third and Mission
streets Friday night, and in the struggle
with Policeman Chase, who arresti t
them, tor>' his trousers all to piec<:~,
pleaded guilty in Judge Graham's court
yesterday to charges of lattery and dis
turbing the peace. They expressed tluir
regret and said they would do anything
to get out of the scrape. The Judge said
that if they would pay the officer for a
new pair of trousers he might be leni»nt
with them, and they agreed to do so.
The cases were continued till Monday.
Columbia Council, Y. M. I.
The committee named hy President T.
F. Harney of Columbia Council, Y. M. F.,
reported at the last meeting that th«
next duting of the council will bo hr-ld
at Glen Ellen on the n;th <if July. The af
fair will I"' strictly Invitational and the
number of tickets will be limited. Dur
ing the past two months this council has
Initiated Joseph Corbett, W. O. Patch,
Ira O'Brien. Joseph M. Campodonico,
Walter F. Murphy, Dr. Smith, J>>s..ph
Nolan, Alfred J. Fritz and M. Fugazi.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Towasend's.«
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Prtss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). oW Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
A Painter's Fall
Ernst Malmedy. a painter living at 220
Day street, while working on a staging
at a now building on Polk street -noar^
McAllister yesterday, afternoon, fell \<M
the ground. '!!« was taken to the Rctceiv-
Inar Mosiiital where it was found that hi.-*
right St was broken and his left shoul
der dislocated. _
Reduced Sate to Detroit and Return
Over Northern Pacific Railway.
The C. E. convention will be held in Detroit
this year, commencing July 5. The Northern,
Pacific will be official route, as it was in 1897,
when the convention was held in San Francisco.
Over i".' " people returned East .over, the
Northern Pacific, and they were loud in their
praises over the many beauties seen along the
line. You -will have a . nice, cool, pleasant
journey, enjoying the most luxurious of accom
modations. Stopover allowed at the wonderful
Yellowstone Park. Send 6c in stamp's for il
lustrated book to T. K. Stateler, : General
Agent. OSS Market st., San Fra
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco 6 p. m., June 29, via
Central Pacific, Union Pacific, Chicago' ami
Northwestern and Wabash Railways, one day
spent at both Denver and Omaha Exposition.
Round trip rate to Detroit, $Sl. For reserva
ttpns ami further information, address George
P. Lowell, Transportation Manager California
Christian Endeavor, 1626 Eighth aye., East
Oakland, Cal. '
Low Rates to Dstroit, Michigan, for
Christian Endeavor Convention.
The SANTA FE ROUTE will make rate t
$S1 for the round trip. Tickets on t-p.le June
29th. For full particulars call at ticket ■ c.
K8 Market street, this city, or Ills Broadwa W
Oakland.MISCELLANEOUS,
All ladders lead to heaven
properly appreciate the tremendous
values which PATTOSIEN'S Great
Two-Acre Stores, corner Sixteenth am!
Mission, and Victory Theater build
ing, San Jose, put into your pres
ence, into your very lieart, at aboul
six bits on the dollar (which
is a dollar at the society shop«
atid the installment combine), you must
appreciate properly the quality of tin-
Carpets ami the Mattings and the
Linoleums just as you appreciate tin
value of the Parlor and Chamber Suits,
the Dining ' Library Sets and
the Ke<-. 4 ■ ' Furniture for sum
meruse ! : . tit stand to reason in any
logical n:u-' ; that the place to get your
monej - I where honesty abides.
where - :in '' substance and style
are mingled, blended and identified all
the til "■■ ii what you desire? Such
! every one knows, are PA I
1 ireat Stores
no fogs in the Mission!
incipal feature t<~> whirh PAT
S rails your especial attention
• is a line of Chamber Suits
' ! c a carload of them. They are in
. Men oak, heavy, substantial.
>omely carved, and made in the
' factories of America. They
toroughly seasoned that they will
- for years without creakii -
racking. Indeed, these suits, made to
retail at PATT< >SIEN'S
price of $5000. are offered a- s] ■
bargains for $35.00. which, is like making
a present of the difference.
That is the way to look at it!
Getting Chamber Suits, full and com
plete, for $35-00, which were mad< '• r
tail for $50.00, as any one ■
like •. ■ next to nothing
A mercl I . üblic servant
To be a % hantyou must serve
those whom you serve promptly prop
erly You go into the business to do
the best ■■ iv can for your fellow-man
0 those who as
s> t 5 to give cor •■ :t and pleasure
.ho patronize you. In a word,
• : ition of well
ne with the other), so that the
ct, the development, of the nine
... ... ial ( itpres
sion in a more advanced civilization and
ore transcend;'.' »n of the
I and en: - lerchant and a
• splendid equipment of merchan
g than ever before.
Smith's Axminster Carpets $1.00 per
yard! ! !
STAR OF THE SEA OUTING.
Father Coyle's Happy Flock. Will
Hold Their Annual Picnic
Next Wednesday at
Shell Mound.
era ol the Star of th< B i
will hold their annual outing at
I ivrk next Wednesday, June
tnisi to )'■• a decided
is. The R.-v. Father ('"vie, the pop
ie parish, has devoted his
■ tion during the last few
weeks In making elaborate preparai
r or the event. Father Coyle has rei
meri'- from the prominent
mcml all the ar
■ lents are now completed.
large number of tickets have
een dis] sed of and an unusually
■■r 'ivil Is expected to attei
committees who will have charge of
■ .1 as follows:
■ games Patrick Far
i Parrel 1. W.
p Johnson, George McCourtn*
committee -Harrj M. I iwens,
manager; Charles McCourtney.
Mark <in • ley w. P Johnsoi
Lynch, William O'Connell, A. W. Mc
-1 >"onald. Thomas J. Glynn.
<;,-. committee- E. L>eonard, Felix
McHugh, John Greeley, Thomas Far
rell, Hugh Clyde.
mmittee of arrangements -John
Charles F. McCourtney,
Thomas Farrell. Philip Ward. James
,: Farrell, William O*Con-
H igh Clyde, Andrew Lynch, Ed
ward Leonard, A. W. McDonald,
mat- J. (ilynn. Mark A. Greeley,
F.-!ix MfHugh. John Jennings, George
McCourtney, Joseph Farrell, Patrick
O'Neill, William P. Johnson, John V.
■ ■ James H. Dever, Michael
l>n.r\, Henry F.llis. Harry M. Owens,
• Owens, William Hanley, Peter
igh.
Music at St. Dominic's.
An programme has
bwr ai r.i iiu r "'l by Rhys Thomas, the
•n'jslcal direct.^ at St. Dominic's, for the
morning and evening services to-day. A
mass by ( '. H. Tebbs, ;i local composer,
nil] he rendered for the ilrst time. It
ins been dedicated to the church. In th>
evening th>- following programme will be
presented and en rri<
Oipan sol allegro vivace, Fifth Organ
Symphony fWidow-i: solo anil chorus. "Great
I- Jehovah"! Echub*>rt): soprano solo. 411n
.-iolata" (Panseron . Mlsf Clara Atkins; chorus.
By Babylon's Wave" (Gounod); tenor • solo,
"<"ujUH Anlmam' (Rossini), Rhys Thomas;
affertory, ort»n solo. "Andante Cantabile"
, f *.thW> ; ChnrU*. "O. Kalutarlus" (Tebbs);
.-horus. "T.-intum Krgo" (1« Jea organist,
Franklin Palmer; director, Rhys Thomas.
R«-r J. G. Rourke, O. P.. will preach in the
a*r"r.!ne and Rev. J. R. Newell, O. P., In the
trenlnr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEALTH
Makpg a man equal to any emergency. Disease makes him unequal to
th* ordinary duties of life.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER WEAK, NERVOUS MEN -Lost vig-
and vi-
. tality; weak and shrunken organs;
shattered nervous system caused by
7 S^T&fcs^ _. overwork, excesses and -abuse, re-
A j^^'^^^k. suiting in weakness of body and brain,
Zt aSj C night emisßiena, losses in the urine,
I ■-, /S7 y "X. dizziness, failing memory, lack of con-
> • tf% V C/ 3 fldence and ambition, pains in the
.""— g«l 'Him. *—*¥ ' **. back, loins and kidneys, and other
~— TpJW ->*&& %9jtj 7Z*+ distressing symptoms, unfitting one
T~ t4 \V» * V I P! »J t° r business or pleasure. Our special
— ' m \-'%. Lj%J I S system of treatment will cure YOU,
L tyK 1 * ' 'iJifffcli 1 '!j restore your physical and sexual
5 Av^&iSSr "l^i, t2 health and make you once more a
P ™^ v ,Q&n Mtflpj-*- o man among men— no matter . who or
J /?«>'''''"*'■ '£$firLa >> what has failed.
J^'-^l^Mj*^"' Jw5iBSL STOMACH Catarrh, nictation ana
WmSSIS^i^SSWi 5I dyspepsia. Indigestion.
weakness, pain and fullness after eat-
DOCTOR SWF AXV Ing. heartburn, etc.
■ L7WV^ XWXV T ' *-- A;^l X , RUPTURE -Cured by their new meth-
The Old Reliable Snprialict od v ithout knife, truss
Ine Via nejisuie Specialist. Qr detention from work- a painless,
(22 Year-*' l.^pericncc I sure and P ermarnent cur «-
P nee) VARICOCtLE -Hydrocele, swelling
niSFASFS OF RFfTIIM —Fistula and tenderness of
UI3tA3L3 vr t.r. lli-M pi lea the organs and glands • treated with
(hemorrhoids) internal or protruding' unfailing success.
S'd^with^rlhe l^; of C -knC Uve * CONTAGIOUS .BLOOD POISON
Svphllis, and all diseases of the blood
ALL DISEASES OF WOMEN most promptly and thoroughly cured and
successfully treated and promptly every trace of the poison eradicated
cured by his Combined Hlectro-Medi- from the system forever, restoring
ral Treatment. health and purity.
WO ITF If you cannot call at the office, fully describe your symptoms
tv iviiL, nnc j you -will receive in plain envelope a scientific and honest
opinion of your case and a book of valuable information free of charge.
Office Hours— From BA. M. to BP. M, Sunday*— lo X. M. to 12 M.
F. L SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market St., S. F.
NOTABLES SAIL
ON THE DORIC
FOR THE ORIENT
Nippon Maru Was in
Quarantine.
TROPIC BIRD IN FROM TAHITI
SERGEANT -'TOM 1 BENNETT
•DOPED"' AND ROBBED.
Given Knockout Drops on the Bar
bary Coast— The Whaling Bark
Northern Light to B« a
Lumber Vessel.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Doric Balled for the Orient yester
day. She had over sixty cabin passengers
and all the freight she could carry.
Among those in the cabin were Edmund
linrke, a graduate of Columbia, and
Clarence B. .Burke, a graduate of Prince
tun. Clarence was with the Rough Riders
in Cuba, The brothers are making a tour
if the world for pleasure.
Mrs. Barry Baldwin and Miss Dorothy
Baldwin were passengers for Hongkong,
on route to Manila, where they will join
x-United States Marshal Baldwin, who
is in business there. Mrs. William. H.
A very, wife of Passenger Agent Avery of
the Pacific Mall Company, goes to Hong
kong for her health, and Miss Kathenne
Gray, the actress, accompanied by her
grandmother, Mrs. F. P. Read, goes to
Honolulu on a pleasure trip.
The Oriental Steamship Company's
(.Toyo Kisen Kaisha) Nippon Ma.ru will
not get here from China a.nd Japan until
the 24th inst. She way due yesterday,
but was detained seven days at Nagasaki
in quarantine owing to a case of smallpox,
which developed while the steamer was
on her way from Hongkong. The Nippon
M.aru and the Rio de Janeiro will both
reach San Francisco from the Orient
about the same tim«.
The steamer Ltnattlla took away la.st
Friday a crew of sixteen men for the
American ship M. P. Grace, now on Pu
get Sound. At Seattle the rate, for sailors
is $35 a month and $35 "blood money." The
men who went north on the, Limatlllu,
signed for $20 a month and $30 "blood
money." Their arrival is likely to make
trouble with the boarding house runners
on the Sound.
The barkentine Tropic Bird arrived from
Tahiti yesterday after a long passage cov
ering thirty-three days. She hail light
battling winds from the start, and only
once during the entire passage was a
strong fair wind encountered. The Tropic
Bird brought up fifteen passengers.
The schooner Repeat arrived trom Hon
olulu yesterday alter being out twenty
three days. She sailed ten days after the
four-masted steel schooner Honolulu, but
saw no sign of that vessel during the run
up. Light winds delayed the Repeat, and
the same cause may be keeping the Hono
lulu.
"Tom" Bennett, wearing a sergeant's
stripes of Company D, Ninth Infantry,
was treated at the Harbor Hospital yes
terday morning for "knockout drops."
The unfortunate soldier suffered par
oxysms of pain, during which it required
five men to hold him. Finally Dr. Fine
relieved him by means of an emetic, and
later he was sent to the Presidio. Ben
nett was paid oft" Friday, and Friday
night he visited the Barbary Coast. When
he went Into a dive on the corner of Mont
gomery and Pacific streets Bennett says
he had $37 50 in a wallet. At the Harbor
Hospital not a cent could be found in his
pockets. After being "doped" and robbed
Bennett was thrown out on the sidewalk,
where Officer James O'Connor found him
and took him to the California street sta
tion. From there he was .sent, to th« Har
bor Hosyitai.
The old whaling bark Northern Light is
K<iing into commission again. She wr.4
built in LSSI, but is apparently as stanch
to-day as ever. For over forty years she
made annual cruises to the Arctic in
search of whales, and when the business
became dull she was laid up in Oakland
Creek. When the rush to Kotzebue Sound
was on she was fitted out and carried
over 100 passengers to that region. On
her return she was again laid up, but now
her deckhouses are to be taken off and
she is going into the lumber trade.
A small steamer for gold dredging on
the Yukon is being built near Port Costa.
She is to be called Cordelia Heald, and
will go to St. Michael under her own
steam.
The British ship Spring-hum arrived
from Newcastle, N. S. \\\, yesterday.
She experienced a lot of "dirty, squally
weather" during the passage and lost ii
number of pails. Off port she ran into a
strong northerly gale, accompanied by a
very nigh sea. The Rufus E. Wood now
out ninety-two days from Sydney, N. S.
w. has probably been delayed by th»
Fame kind of weather as that encountered
by the Sprlngburn.
Denied a Divorce.
Judge Belcher yesterday heard the nc
tlon of Mrs. Grace Dletz for a divorce
fn>m her husband, Jonn Dletz. and at the
end "f the hearing denied the plaintiff's
action. A short time ago Mrs. Dietz ae
.■ur--<l a divorce from her husband, but as
it subsequently proved that I>ietz did not
know that the case was going to trial the
dei r^e was set aside. The rehearing has
rf-snlterl in Mrs. Dletz' defeat. It is said
that Dietz will now sue for a divorce on
the ground of desertion.
Prisoners at the Ban
' T'^i'f- "Wiseman, who a few weeks nero
I robbed Alexander yon Tilth of $410, was
I m •-'need to serve four years in Shji
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899.
THE GOVERNOR WANTS TO RESIGN, BUT DAN AND
HERRIN WILL HOLD HIM FOR A WHILE.
Quentln by Judge Lawlor yesterday. The
cases of perjury against McC. Hayes and
P. McAron In connection with the straw
bond scandal were dismissed by Judge
Lawlor, but the defendants were ordered
Into custody to await the action of the
Grand Jury, which will be called upon to
furnish new indictments more complete
in character.
Daring Aerialist.
A tight rope walk and aerial act by
Dv Bell, the. celebrated athlete, will he
one of the principal attractions at Glen
Park to-day. Dv Bell will attempt to
walk over Glen Park Canyon between
two of the highest peaks in the city.
The circus will continue to be a draw
ing card in the free theater, and there
will be a bloomer minstrel show by am
ateurs.
Stole a Silver Pitcher.
Peter J. Quinn. a soldier. 26 years of
age, ■was arrested last night by Officers
IMnan and Furlong and locked up in the
f'allfornia-street police station on a
charge of grand larceny. Quinn was
drinking In Al White's saloon on Dupont
street with a party of friends. When h>'
saw a favorable opportunity he picked up
the silver water pitcher which ornament?
the bar and started down the street with
it. After a hut chase he was captured
by the officers with the pitcher still in his
possession.
A Red Cross Entertainment.
The literary and musical entertainment
given under the direction of Post Chaplain
Maromber and daughter for the "Roys in
Blue" at the Presidio last Thursday even-
Ing was a big Biiccess. The largo Rod
Cross tent was filled to overflowing. The
literary numbers were furnished by Miss
Hettle Corlett, Miss lx>ttle Oreaher and
Miss Florence Greaner of San Francisco,
and Mlsa Esther Macomber of the Presidio.
Miss Macomber furnished the pia.nu num
bers and the chaplain gave the. boys a
LANDING A STOWAWAY.
PKOri^E who try to "bent their way" by steamer will give the State of California a wide berth in future. That
vessel sailed for Portland early yesterday with a hig crowd of passengers. It took the purser arid chief steward a
long time to make the rounds, and the State was abreast Fort Point before the search for people without money
and without a ticket was completed.
One such man was found and brought before Captain Goodall. The latter did not waste any time, but ran the
steamer In toward the Marin shore. When near Point Diablo the State was stopped and a boat lowered. The stowaway
was put in the boat and rowed to the beach. It was impossible to get close enough to land the unfortunate fellow, so
he had to get into water up to his waist and walk ashore. When last seen by John Hyslop. the Merchants' Exchange
lookout at Point Lobos. he was climbing the Marin hills in the direction of Sausalito, with his bundle under his arm.
After getting rid of the stowaway the State of California stood on her course.
song. The soldiers were very apprecia
tive, ami expressed the de-sire that the
young ladies repeat the affair.
Stole a Watch.
Albert Abermath, who gives his occu
pation ;is a blacksmith and his age as 20,
was arrested "ii Kearny street la.st night
bj Officer Caples and chained with steal
ing a silver watch from the person of
Frederick Reiss. The robbery occurred
•ii thi corner of Butter and Kearny
Streets, where, a street preacher had at
tracted a crowd Abermath joined the
crowd and worked hia way close to Reiss.
The latter felt a sudden tug at his
pocket and caught Abermath Just as he
was about to escape. Officer Caples was
standing a few feet away, and In less than
a minute had his ha ml on Abermath. The
prisoner made a desperate effort to es
cape, but officer Caples managed to get
the handcuffs on him and walked him
down to the station. Abermath had a
large quantity of opium on his person and
managed to slip a liberal dose, into his
mouth while being searched.
Sermons by Rev. E. A. Wood.
Rev. E. A. Wood of the First Baptist
Church will inaugurate, a series of Sun
day evening lectures to-night. The ini
tial sermon will be on the "Qosoel of
Matthew," with a prelude on Mohammed
anism. In the succeeding Sunday evenings
he will discuss the following Bubjects:
"The Gospel of Mark." w'th prelude on
Confucianism; "The Gospel of LukV
with prelude on Buddhism; "The Gospel
of John," with prelude on the Hebrew
church.
Souvenir Mailing Cards, showing views
around the city, 23c a dozen. For sale by all
stationery and the publisher, E. H. Mitchell,
225 Post Ftrppt. San Francisco. •
Sacred Concert at Y. M. C. A.
The quartet fmm St. Paul's Church
choir, composed of Miss Merriihjew, .so
piano, Miss Rosin, contralto, Harold
Preston, tenor. Hugh Williamson, bass,
and A. A. Rankin, organist, will give a
sacred cone, n tn the Association Audi
torium, corner of Mason and Ellis streets,
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. The pro
gramme will consist of solos and quar
tets. Rev. Henry Fisk will deliver a short
address. All seats are free, and young
men are specially Invited.
Bohemians Incorporate.
Articles of Incorporation of the Grand
Hospltiura of the Bohemians of America,
said to be an offshoot of the Eagles, were
tiled yesterday. The directors with their
various titles are: Past grand host, T. J.
Crowley; grand host. Emmett Phillips;
grand assistant host, Harry Baehr; grand
ketp.r .if the exchequer; H. .1.
Edwards; grand builder of hospitia,
Henry I. K"walsky; grand prior,
Kmili'i Lastreto; grand controlling
host. F. C. Sanford; grand con
trolling host, F. C. Sanford; grand con
trolling host. J. Hoesr-h; grand controll
ing host, Thomas H. Lindsay; grand di
recting host. Isidore Golden.
P^me fpplinßS of joy to tiy neart.
Come p»-aee and content 'mall >y'il,
I've reached the highest in art,
In my bath I've user! "rVErnmnld. 1 '
Friday Night Memorial.
San Francisco. Apollo, Ophir and Sar
gent Lodges of the I. O. O. F.. which meet
<>n Friday nights, will next Friday night,
in obedience to the proclamation of the
grand sire of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
and the grand master of the Grand Lodge
of California, hold a joint public meeting
in Memorial Hall, T. O. O. F. tmilding, to
commemorate those members who have
passed away during the year. Past Grand
Master M. M. Estee will deliver the prin
clpal address.
Yosemite excursions; 12 days, $50; 7
days, $40. 321 Market St. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITYOFdh PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
' MIDSUMMER REDUCTIONS
.. .. lIN .. ..
PORTIERES CURTAINS
125 pairs of TAPESTRY PORTiERES; regular price
$5.50, $6 00 and $6.50; to close at $4.50 per pair
75 pairs of TAPESTRY PORTIERES; regular price
$4.50, $4.75 and $5 00 ; to close at $3 50 per pair
100 pairs of TAPESTRY PORTIERES ; regular price
$350, $3.75 and $4.00; in one, two and three
pair lots; to close at $3.00 per pair
90 pairs of TAPESTRY PORTIERES; regular price
$3 00, $3.25 and $350; to close at $2,50 per pair
150 pairs of NOTTINGHAM, BRUSSELS, BATTEN-
BERG, CLUNY AND IRISH POINT CUR-
TAINS; to clcse At Half Price
250 pars of NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS; good
value at $1.50 and 75; to close at $1.25 per pair
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Ccrner Geary and Stockton Streats, San Franciso).
UNION SQUARE.
INDORSED THE CORESCREW.
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs Hold a Lively Meeting.
Post Street Franchise
Approved.
The Federation of Mission Improvemfnt
Clubs held an interesting meeting hast
night in Andersons Hall at 70S Douglass
street. Resolutions of an important char
acter were adopted alter some warm de
bates. A resolution deprecating the in
tended action of some citizens to test the
validity of the primary law In court with
a view to having it declared unconstitu
tional was unanimously adopted. It was
urged that the primary law be given a
trial as a reform measure. Another reso
lution was adopted indorsing the recom
mendation of the Street Committee of the
Board of Supervisors in recommending
the granting of the corkscrew and Rail
road avenue franchise to the Market
street Railway Company. The Fourth of
July committee reported it had secured
Gle'rr Park for an evening celebration and
that a literary and musical programme
would be arranged for the evening and
ihat a dance and fireworks display would
be features of the occasion.
The petition signed by 1000 residents of
South San Francisco, which is to be pre
sented to Mr. Vining on Monday, because
<»f the poor service accorded them by the
Third and Kentucky streets line was also
indorsed. According to the petition, the
cars on that line stop at Twenty-third
stri-et instead of continuing through to
South San Francisco. By reason of this
lax service the residents of that district
are Inconvenienced, hence the petition.
SHERIFF MARTIN EXPLAINS.
He States That Secretary Kevane Is
Laboring Under a Grave Mis
apprehension.
Sheriff Henry Martin is rather annoyed
at the statements published in the papers
to the effect that his bills for the trans
portation of insane patients have been cut
fully $1200 by th:- State Board of Exam
iners. Mr. Martin states emphatically
that his bills were not reduced to that ex
tent, and he says that the publications
were due to a misrepresentation of facts.
"We cannot expect a deputy to walk
from the City Hall to the ferry or the
County J;iil when he is escorting an in
sane patient. Secretary Kevane's charge
that the deputies are allowed $1 for meals
Is incorrect. When a female insane
patient Is being conducted to the asylum
a matron must Accompany her. as pre
scribed by the regulations of the Slate
Lunacy Commission. The meals for tho
deputy and the matron cost $1. He does
not seem to appreciate this fact, and
therefore declares that the charge is ex
travagant. It is true some reductions
were made, but they were for trivial ex
penditures, such as carfare, carriage hire
! and meals. In some cases more than one
: deputy is sent with insane patients.
I but this precaution i« never taken unless
suggested by the committing magistrate,
who afterward signs the claims."
Officers Elected.
National Parlor. N. S. G. W.. has elect
ed the following as its officers for the en
suing term: A. Vaughn, president; D. F.
Nunan, F. J. Silvey and < harles Huff
schmidt, vice presidents: R. Radke. mar
shal: W. Doughty, recording secretary;
N. B. Larkin, financial secretary, and E.
Hall, trustee. F. P. Wehe becomes past
president.
The folowing-named officers of San
Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal Eagles,
elected to serve for the current term, were
installed by District Deputy Charles M.
Fisher: Edward L. Wagner, W. P. P.;
Charles A. Reynolds, W. P.; Edward L.
Head, W. V. P.: Leo G. Ratto, W. O. G.
Advances made on lurniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Unofficial Railroad Inspectors.
Quite frequently conductors will no
tice a good-looking well-dressed man
riding on the little seat at the end of a
coach, or in some part of a rear Pull
man, where he can look over the road.
He never takes his eyes from the track
and roadbed, and makes copious notes
on a paper pad with a lead pencil.
There are a number of such men trav
eling all the time, and they are em
WEAK MEN
§ Young or Old,
v n» Who would speedily regain their former vigor
p J^"% should wear
& r ~JF& DR. PIERCES FAMOUS
\ ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
S%&&mS. i **k! No drugs necessary. Electricity does the
work. Thousands have been cured. Buy no
bolt till you see "DR. pierces - "
XT Call at the office or send 2c in stamps
L,'' ' :^ Jj-lrffflßlm!' for "PAMPHLET No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
w^^^JJw 020 Market Street io». ?>!»» h.ud Sin Francf so*
! ployed as experts by Wall street flnan
; ciers to look over and make reports on
[ the physical condition and equipment
(of certain roads. It is surprising what
a great fund of useful, practical and
accurate information these men can
turn in after a month's trip through the
States. — Pittsburg Post.
STEADY FUNERAL-GOING.
Mourning and Graveyard Picnicking
Occupied Her Life for Years.
For y ars there lived on the west
| side a little woman with bright, sharp
1 eyes and an expressive face. Her step
: was slow and her shoulders bent, fur
I she was long past the beauty of youth
•■ and the glory of middle-a&ed woman-
I hood. Her small crepe bonnet was
; placed on perfectly arranged hair. Her
; black go\.n was trimmed with bands
; of crepe and she always v. a soft.
; black shawl thrown loosely over her
! shoulders. She was never seen alone.
[ but always with her was a we • girl.
I who called her '•grandma."
Few knew who the woman was or
who was the child or where they lived,
but both were known to all the promi
nent ministers on the west side, as well
as to the undertakers and funeral di
rectors. For years there was
not a prominent funeral in that
| end of town but the little
I woman and her grandchild were
lin attendance. If there was really
no choice in funerals they attended the
one where their favonte minister
i prayed. But no matter who the dead
I had been or who the minister was in
; charge or what the weather, the little
j woman and the child went to a fu
j neral every day. Some west side
preachers say they did not preach a
funeral service in years without first
shaking hands with the little woman
and her erandchild, for they were al
ways present. Some of the choir boys
learned to know them and to speak to
them, and some of the funeral directors
grew so accustomed to their presence
at services for the dead that they in
variably reserved two seats in a car
riage for them to ride out to the ceme
tery. Arriving at the cemetery, the
woman and child would wander off
hand In hand to some place near by,
and, seated on a grave, would unwrap
a package of lur. -neon, which they
would spread over the grave picnic
fashion. When the carriage drew up
for the mourners to return the little
woman and the child would minele
with the rest and return to the city.
That was all; no display of grief, no
comments, but alway: that dignified
silence and constant attendance. Some
people tried to learn .hy they went
to funerals and who they were, but
they never seemed to comprehend that
there was anything unusual or mys
terious in their manner, so no one ever
found out.
i.wo weeks or so ago there was a
lar"-e funeral on the west side that
neither the woman nor the child at
tended. The minister missed them and
thought there must be a large funeral
somewhere else. The funeral directors
reserV p<l the seats in the carriages, but
the woman and child did no' come to
occupy them. The church janitor
saved for the child a rose that had
fallen from the casket, "nu' she wag
not to be found. Nor was she seen
until las Wednesday. She entered the
church alone. Her dark frock had a
f r^sh band of crepe and she wore a
new feather and a flower in her hat.
Her rosy face looked thin and her eves
were ui.asually dark and brilliant. The
minister s as he shook hands with
her: "Where is your grandmother, my
dear?"
For a moment the child was silent.
Then she broke into a * rent of ween
ing. "Grandma's dead." she cried. "She
died the night we got h> le from the
last funeral."— Chicago Chronicle.
An American liner spends something
like $15,ftftO a nay when on a voyage— tho
Income of a millionaire many times over.
78
FITZ MIRES
SIMIANS OF
EWING'S MEN
Two Hits and a Run
Their Limit.
A PRETTY FIELDING GAME
ONE ERROR FOR OAKLAND THAT
COSTS A TALLY.
The New Diamond at Recreation Park
Proves an Unqualified Success.
The Country
Games.
J Fitzpatrick, \\i;.>. whei n gaged
asing up liros, hir«s himself out to
Flank Harris, was the central figun
Park yesterday afternoon.
■ of young: men across the
. ■ • .1 . ' \il Ewii lc \\ ho
laboring clothes around with them
: in dr< ss suit •. are thai
niind< '1 and a risti ici a tic.
S( Imitation commercial trav
bumped up against th<- fireman dur
-11. and it iMuk him just ai
and thirty minutes to transform
Into the nuclous of a menai
Fitz didn't • mpt to make a strike-out
linst i hem . he was hardly in a
od, and \\ tent 1 amuse
• Ith letting them roll the ball
down to the infielders or pop up little
. flies. Only six tini.s .luring the
• Ih. i laklands able to pui
Held, and four of thosi I
utfield's pockets; the other two
v. •• • nlc< clean doubles, the only .-it
he only run for
■ : was a pronounced
though it had not packed down
■ ■. as it \\ ill when It has b< n play
■ w times, but it will certainly
It was Intend* d to,
I not be troubled with
i. ams put up a ma I fleld
r laj . every Inflelder per
ful feats. Sullivan had an
off clay 'or him and made a brace of
. . ha 1 no bear
: nd's sole • rror, a
by liamm In Friscos' first
■
Mosklman started In at a faster gait
even than Fitzpatrick, but in the third ln-
O'Nlel called Umpire Cahill's at
■ n to the fact that the twirler did
rely in the box before de
so Patsj made him turn
■ ■ ■ result thai a t r l
in rapid si;.-ersM"it.
: retired and Fitzpat
rick «as at bai when Cahill Issued his
■ -• ball Mosklman pil
in his new position the fireman drov<
• • • ' • ishion. Pyne sent mi<- out
to riplit. advancing Fitz to second, and
Knit wi; h a hot ground) r to
center. Donovan ran in on the ball, made
a clean pickup and drove it home to head
off the fireman, wh<> had turned third and
ti . The ball ■
sad of him. l>ut Hammond failed
it and the run was scored.
A fa the sixth cut oft a
run that i.. ..!<>■•! 1 i H •- a cinch. Pyne opi ned
with a Bingle ;n;'l Krug punted an Infield
shot that he beat to first, the doctor by
fast runnii - to thinl on the play.
Riley hit to Mosklman, who forced Krug
econd. Josh seized the first oppor
d. Hammond
• i- though t" head him off,
but Kid played In w< ive the ball
back like a flash, and Pyne, who had
ome "ii the throw down, was
turned -. II- failed to mak
though, for Hammond passed the ''.ill to
Oakland got its tally in the seventh. Up
to that tin • there had not been a sign of
a hit off Fitz, but with one out Johnson
ripped off a double to center. Hardle's
out at first put him on third, and Moski
man shut for two bases, scoring Johnson.
Hilderbrandt and O'Neil won the game
for the locals In the ninth. The former
led off with a single, was sacrificed to
second by Muller and scored on Tip's nice
drive to left.
Oakland could not do anything in its
half of the inning, a nd as pretty a game of
scientific ball ris one would wish to see
closed with the following score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyne. o. ' 4 0 2 1 1 0 0
Kni£. *. x 4 0 3 1 1 3 i
FUley, 3b.. 3 0 0 i 2
Sullivan, lb 3 0 0 0 17 1 2
HllrWl.randt. r. f... 4 1 1 ft 1 0 0
Muller, If 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
• ■ Nell, 2b ■} 0 1 0 2 4 0
Swindells, c 4 0 1 0 0 1 '■
Fitapatrick, p 4 i l 0 0 5 0
Totals 34 2 9 3 27 20 3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"fresh things
From our laundry in linen, percale or
Madras shirts, white linen collars and
cuffs, fancy vests, duck or crash suits or
trousers look as well as when you first
buy them, In color or finish. We do
not fade the delicate colors of your
negligee shirts, and your collars and
cuffs will keep fresh longer from our
perfect methods than by any other in
Pan Francisco.
"No saw-edges."
The United States Laundry, Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Cleveland Bicycles.
Burwell Bail and Kolkr Bearings.
NO FRICTION.
£7 AGEHfTS waited T3
Wholcsala, •
H. A. LOZIER & CO.,
jf.4-Sofl McAllister street. Ban Franclico,
Retail.
LEAVITT & BILL,
IM9 I^arkln street.
etore opes evening*- CasU or uwuilimunUi,
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
Sol ineer, p. s 4 0 0 0 0 8 0
Hammond, c 2 0 0 12 3 1
Dunlevy 1. i 4 0 0 0. 2 0• 0
Donovan, c. t 3 v 0 0 0 1 0
Lange, 3b 4 r 0 0 2 2 0
Peepli s, 2b 3 0 0 0 1
Johnson, lb'.'.V.V.V.'.'.'. 3 1 1 0 18 1 "
Hardle. r. f 3 0 ■" ■• 3 10
Moskiman, p 3 0 10 14 0
Totals 29 1 2 1 27 23 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco .. ■■ 0 I 0 0; 0 0 0 1-2
Base hits 5 2 112 9
Oakland ...".' '. .".".'." *.":.': 0,0 0 0 0 0 1 ' 0,0-1
Base hits 0000 " 020 0-2
SUMMARY.
Runs ■ risible for— FUzpatrtck L M ski
man 2 Two-base hits— Johnson, Moskiman.
Sacrifice hit— MullT. First base on errors-
Oakland 3. First base on called balls-San
Francisco 1, Oakland i. Left on bases -San
Francisco 3, Oakland ". Struck out— By Mos
kiman 1. Hit by pitclier— lVeples. Sullivan.
Double play— Hardie to Hammond to Lange.
Time of garni i ::i". Umpire— Cahlll. Official
scorer— Staplet on.
Twelve Innines at Watsonvill
WATSONVILLE, June To-day
Manager Struve surrendered his baseball
franchise, and the management of the
WatSonvMe Baseball Club to an associa
tion of the leading citizens of this city.
The business affairs of the club will here
after be managed by an executive com
mittee of three, and Captain Harper will
have entire active charge of the team.
The change in management meets with
the approval of the baseball public and
the players.
The Sugarbeets fell to-day before Mc-
Graw's Prune-pickers In the most hotly
contested and brilliant game ever played
here. San Jose scored In the sixth, Wat
sonville in the seventh and twelfth, and
San Jose twice In the last half of the
twelfth; Although Harper pitched a won
derful game; he seemea to lose control in
the twelfth and was touched up severely.
Andrews was finished and Borchers was
to have taken his place in the next Inning.
McCarthy made the star play of the game
in the sixth, when he made a long run
and i itch near left ii. Id territory and pot
the ball to Belna with an assist by Harp
er, in time to put out Graham, who was
trying to get back to tlrst. The same
teams play to-morrow, with VVhelan and
Borchers in the box.
PAN JOSE.
AH. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken. c. t 6 i I v 4
i Iraham, r. f 5 1 2 0 l " 1
2b 4 5 2 0
rs .. : ■■ ■■
Dalrymple, 1. t 6 ' - 0 a ■■ 0
: 11, ■"■ 1 3 0 14 I
< IDea, 3b 2 0 0 0 I 4 1
Leake, a s 5 I 0 0 1 0
Andrews, p 2
Kent, c. 6
Totals • 41 ~3 9 0 »35 13 2
•Two men out when winning run was made.
WATS. IN VI U.K.
AB. R. BH. SB. '■' I. A. E.
Brockhoff, Sb 3 0 0 0 10 l
McCarthy, b. s I -
■ - ... 4
Selna, lb 5 0 i i 13 U 0
13 1 1
Plake, 2b 5 0 10 2]
Hayes. 1. f 5 1 0 0 1 (
r.fsu 0 0 2 0
Harper, p 3 10 0 3
Totals 41 2 ti 1 *.!."> 12 3
•Man out for being hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Watfionville ... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 o 0 I—2
Base hits 1 0 0 0 1 1 10] 0 1 1-6
San Jose 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 v Z—:\
Base hits 0 0 0 10 0 2 0 112 2-9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for Harper 1, Andrews 1.
Sacrifice hits— Hroekhoff (2). ODea 12), An
drews. Double play— McCarthy t<> Harper to
Selna. First base on called balls Watsonville
5. San Jose 2. Hit by pitcher— Anderson. An
drews (2). Struck out— By Harper 13, by An
drews 5. Left on bases— Watsonville !t, San
Jose 12. First base on errors— San Jose 1. Wat
sonville 2. Time of game— 2:30. Umpire— Rube
Levy. Scorer-T. A. I'eckham.
Senators Defeat Lobsters.
SACRAMENTO, Jr.". 17.— The tail-er.d
ers in the basel all ague, known as the
Sacramentos, demonstrated to-day that
they are getting back to their old win
ning form of last year by defeating tji->
Santa Cruzans in a very liard game. The
sun shone hot on the ball field, but as it
was the first heated spell here sim the
season opened the Senators were no more
accustomed to It than the visitors. It
was a large crowd for a weekday game;
and the battle royal aroused much en
thusiasm. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AH. H. BH. SB PO A. H.
■ r • ' :.
Harvey, p i ! : i 2 2
11. 5 4 2
Eagaii, - a 5 13 0 3
.. •• 4 12 15 0
f 5 I ' 2
McLaughl'in, I. f.'"? 5 0 111 0 0
Shephan, ' i"h'.'.'.'.'.'.'..'. : 5 0 0 0 1 1 0
b4i• ■ 1 1 0
Totals ....... 43 x 18 1 "7 11 3
SANTA <\W7..
A IS. R. BH. SB Pi I. A. E.
William*, - b I
I lonlin, i &r. f ....:. l I 9 2 11
!>. i-ereaux, 3 b ) l !
Pace, c 4 : 1 0 5 2 0
Clark, ! b * 0 10 7 0 0
Strli b, 1. f 1 ') 0 0 2 0 •>
I Til- an, ■■. f 3' 0 0 0 l 0 0
Kleiber, s. !< 4 0 2 0 3 3 0
Balsz p - 1 !1 0 1 2
Burse, r. "t'.'.Y........ - 0 1 0 0 ') iv
Totals 36 " 4 8 ;0 27 9,;3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 2 ft ' n 0 2 3 Oil 8
Rfise hits 3 2 114 10 3 I—l 6
Santa Cruz 0 " - 0 " - 0 ft 0— i
Base hits 1 0 ; 3 0 0 2 1 0 I^-8
BUMMARY.
Runs rpsponaible fnr— Harvey. 2: Dalsz, 4;
Donlln 3. [nnlnge pitched— By Balsz, 5; by
Ponlln 4. Hits—off Ualsz. 11: off nlln, 5.
Home run— En^an. Two-bap. 1 McL<auKhltn.
Sacrifice hits Sh^ehan, Kagan, Stulz. First
liase on errors Sacramento, ■'. Santa <"ruz, 2.
First base on ball*— By Harvey, 2: by Dunlin,
2. Left on bases— Sacra men tn, 11; Suntii. Cruz,
6. Struck out— By Harvey; :. by Balsz, 3; by
I>onlin, 3. Double play — Kleiber to '"lark.
Passed ball— Pace Time of pmc- Two hours.
Umpire O'Connell. Scorer— Griffin.
BEAN-EATERS AGAIN
BEATEN BY PHILLIES
Boston Receives a Hard Setback in !
Its Race for the League
Pennant.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING
Clubs- W. L. Pet. Clubs W. I. Pet.
Brooklyn .. 39 12 .76"> Cincinnati ..23 :.'>'. .463
Boston" ... 34 17 .W6 Plttsburg ---i 25 169
Baltimore ...30 20 .600 New Y0rk. ..22 29 .431
Philadelphia 30 20 .800 Washington 17 35 .327
-t Louis 3') 21 .58* Louisville ...lo 37 .289 I
Jhlcago 30 21 .58S Cleveland..:. 9 38 .131
CHICAGO, .Tune 17.— The Reds played very
loosely in the field to-day and were unable to
touch Oriflth. an error in Hi- ninth saving
them from a shut-out. The Orphans found both
Phillips and Dammann very easy, pounding
them ill over the Held. Attendance, So*v>. Score:
R. 11. E.
Chicago 12 17 2
Cincinnati ! f, 7
Batteries-Griffith and Donohue: Phillips,
Dammann and Vaughn. Umpires— Sjwartwood
and Warner.
BOSTON, June. IT. Lewis' wild pitching was
chiefly responsible for Philadelphia's victory
to-day. The bat) Ing of I^ajoie and Delehanty
was a feature, they scoring five of the six runs
marie by the vi« tors. The Bostons were very
weak at the bat. Attendance, 5000. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Philadelphia C S 1
Boston 4 7 2
Batteries— Orth nnd Douglass; Lewis and Ber
i;en. Umpire- Lynch.
LOUISVILLE._ June , 17.— The Colonels wore
never In the same to-day, flayers, the new
shortstop, was given a. trial and proved a fail
ure. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. K. E.
1 LoulHvilli> •••••*••■ ■«••>••.. 0 6 3
St. Louis 7 11 (I
Batteries— Phlllppi and Zimmer; Powell and
Crlger. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
PITTSBTJRG, June 17.— Plttsburg won from
Cleveland by hitting Hughey at the right time.
The visitors could not find Sparks, but other
wise played a better game than the locals.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Plttsburg 3 10 2
Cleveland 2 5 l
Batteries— Sparks and • Bowerman; Hughey ■
and SchreehengOKt. Umpire— Gaffney. -j
Everett School Medalists.
At the Everett Grammar School, Mrs.
F. A. Banning 1 , prosiuent, medals were
awarded us follows: Bridge medal, Paul
Stranborp: Deninan medal, Miss Lizzie
Warner. Tho cummcncfment oxorcisea
will be held at end of vacation.
Advanrea inartn on fnrnltun anil pianos, with
or without removal J. NoonAO|lol7-10tSMisfi9O.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18. 1899.
GREYHOUND RUNS
WHILE HIS LIFE
BLOOD EBBS AWAY
Unusual Accident at
Union Park.
MOSE FALLS ON THE FIELD
SPIRITED COURSING IN RUN
DOWN OF TWO STAKES.
Extensive Preparations to Accommo
date a Great Throng To-Day,
Wlien the Champion Stake
Will Be the Feature.
i An unusual accident in the coursing field
! occurred at Union Coursing Park yester
' day in the run-down of the Reserve stake.
I Along toward the close of the day's sport
Muse, a New Zealand bred dog, was sent
i to the slips with Safeguard, John Maher's
black and white dog. Safeguard was un
sighted and ran about aimlessly until the
hare turned in his direction, when he
joined Mose in pursuit of their game.
Mosi was a strong- favorite in the bet
j tins, but, to the astonishment of his back
| ers, he gradually slowed down and stag
gered about until caught by his trainer.
He was found to 'have burst a blood
vessel, causing profuse hemorrhage. lie
was carried to his kennel, where every
thing possible was done to save his life.
; It was not thought he would survive,
owing to the loss of blood. The accident
is a rare one in coursing, but few in
■ stances of the kind being recalled by old
time leashmen.
The card was made up of the run-down
in the Pacific Derby stake for puppies and
also .the run-down of the Reserve stake.
! Over a third of the courses were won'by
shortenders— Pastime, Ski, Said Pasha,
Candelarla and Snap Shot being among
them.
The card for to-day includes all the
: rounds of the champion stake and the
concluding rounds of the stakes which
were commenced yesterday. The results
yesterday were as follows:
Derby stake- K. M. Kelloggf's lowa Maid beat
Connell Bros.' St. Helen: H. Lynch's Lexing
t..n beat .1. H. Perigu's Lady Davenoort; D.
I J. Healy's For Glory beat H. E. >le H. Lopez's
St. Anthony: J. H. Perigo's Bohe beat I. F.
Halton's Laxender; Conell Bros.' Mamie Pleas
ant beat Russell, Allen & Wilson's Belle.Claire;
Russell. Allen A.- Wilson's Master Claire beat
: J. H. Perigo's Controller; D. J. Healy'a Lady
Claire beat .J. Dean's Belle or Anderson; .1. T.
I Mooneyls Silent Treasure eat J. J. Esmond's
Sometime.
Reserve stake— .l. Kerrigan's Lalla Rookh
beat J. Keenan's Fear Not; P. A. McComb's
One S;>ot beat O. J. A 1 son's Sunburst; .1. P.
Thrift's Forsdve beat M. London's Magnet;
George Ehmann's Said Pasha beat Dennis &
Porter's The Devil; K. M. Xi lloKg's Kid Me- !
Coy beat Handy & Smith's Ben Bolt; A. John
son's Mountain Ueauty beat Pasha kennels'
Fleeting Fancy: Kay & Tram's Innlsfallen
beat J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste; .1 Segger
son'a Candeiaria beat Aeneid kennels' Pre
tender; H. A. Deckelman's ' lid Glory beat W.
C. Giasson's Terrorite; F. A Mcl mill's Little j
Ji.ker beat Geooie Bhmann's Freeman: I. F. j
Halton's Tic Tac beat S. E. Portal's Gallagher;
Lowe & Thompson's Patria beat Ed Wilson's
Magnesia; F. Mnran's Flying Faster beat
Aeneid kennels' Maid of Irin . .1 O'Dowd's
Scout beat MUd kennels' Victor Kins; Handy
& Smiths Twin City Girl beat S Hansen's L. I
S. Conley: Chella .>;■ Gaffney's Snapshot beat !
| Hurley & lly's O X Capitol; Fred Herring's I
! St. Elmo beat J. Keenan's Blaeklock; John
Kerrigan's Conqueror beat Kincon kennels'
Hard Lines: J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips beat F.
i Moron's Hit of Fashion; Dennis .-.■■-. <>c- '
i tober Woodcock beat F. !C. Kline's Mystic;
John Mailer's Safeguard beat >'■■ 'mite ken
nels' Mose: Bartelß Bros.! Mac's Melody beat
| Lord & Herbert's Revolver; D. .J. Hfaley's
I Maggie N beat J. P. Thrift's St. Michael: D.
Ford's IJonita beat D. .1. Henley's Grenada; I
Larkey & Rook's Myrtle was beaten by Hurley i
& Rieby's Master Mat; Russell. Allen & Wil- ,
son's Lady Emma beat Milo kennels' Rock
Island Boy; E. M. Kellousr's Lady Gilmore j
beat H. Weber's Montana: J. Byrne's Eleven- \
Fl>ot beat H. A. Deckelman's Glen Roy; J. j
Connell'fi Senorita beat G. & H. kennels' Demp
sey Lasp; Rlncon kennels' Ski beat Russell.
Allm & VVflson's Daisy Claire; G. H. Bur- :
feind's Pastime beat Larkey ,fc Rock's Liberty
Hell; T. F. lagan's Miss Grizzle. l>eat A. L.
UNITED AT THE
OLD HOMESTEAD
Miss Arguello and Dr. L.
W. Fischer Are Mnde
One.
A verj quiet w< dding wa - zi d ai
i -'i! Thui sday, .1 uni 15 at th.
ulil Ai gv • imesi cad. The runt ract-
Ing parties wen Margarei Florence A.r
gu< 110, the youngest daughti r of tm
Luis Arguello and Dr. 1-. W. Fisher.
Rev. Father Raggio performed the cer
.. The brSdi was al tended by
Louh r Jem Fischer; the
I James S.
Argui 110.
r i iii- bride Is a member of one of the
■ Spanish-American families h Cali
fornia. M> ! greal gi andfather, • Japtain
Arguelln, was elghi li < loven or of
S nlsh rule, in 1810,
and ■■ - Anto Arguello,
was lirs' Governor of California under the
can rule. Miss Arguello, Dy the re
dea ' i- of her fai h< r, ci Into pos
, (juarter ol a million di
1 pr. Fischer Is n very promineni dentisi
• - i son of \\ llliam I- ischer,
; , pioneei tnei hani of Santa Clara Valley.
GUTTER AFTER RAUER.
He Wants the Collector Arrested on a
Charge of Robbery, but the
Warrant Not Yet Issued.
Max Gutter, real estate agent and
money lender, who had a scrap with fake
Raver, the collector, in the Sheriff's of
fice lit!- '.'. applied Cor a warrant in
Judge Treadwell's court yesterday for
the arrest of Raver on the charge of rob
bery. The Judge hesitated to sign t!io
warrant atid asked Gutter to bring his
witnesses •■■ 1 ire him to-morrow.
li will be remembered that Raver went
to a fruit store at 1783 Haight street,
owned by Gutter, on June S. accompanied
by a man whom he represented as a dep
uty sheriff. Raver said he had an at
tachment against [.. Beni, a clerk" In the
! store, for $25, and alleged that Beni %■.■;.-■
the owner. He forcibly took $13 out of
the till and made Beni give him $12 out of
his pocket. Then ho gave Beni a receipt
I for the money.
Next day Gutter went to the Sheriff's
office and was told that an attachment
t had been levied on the store for $25, but
after it was ascertained that Gutter
owned the store the attachment was
withdrawn and no deputy sheriff was soiit
with Raver. Just then Raver came Into :
the ■ iii'-. and he and Gutter had a fight. •
— , 1 » » ■
Celebrate the Fourth ' with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cali
fornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. *
Park Music To-Day.
Overture— "Tannbauaer" Wagner
Morceau characteristic dance of the Gnats
Ellenbcrg
Selection from the opera, "The Bartered
Bride" Smetana
"Aye Maria" Cherubinl
Descriptive fantasia, "The Ooldheetle's
Soiree" Klin*
Scenes from "1 Pagllaeci" Leoncavallo
Horn solo— "Thema" and variations I^jrenz
(Performed by E. PcliUm.)
Descriptive, "A Musician Astray in a
Forest' Herman
Drinklni; kohr from "Cavallerla Rustlcana"
JUiseasnl
March— "The Biirllnpame. Club" R. Uhlig
(Dedicated to R. Tnhin.)
Father MacJorry to Preach.
Father MacCorry will signalize his
home-coming from missionary work in
Montana and surrounding points by
preaching one of his able sermons at St.
Mary's (Pauliets), corner Dupont and
California streets, at the 11 o'clock mass
this morning. There will also be special
music. Mozart's seventh mass In D .fiat
will bo rendered by the choir. The solo
ists arc, .Miss May Ryan. Miss J>Murphy.
Dr. J. B. Smith and Mr. Yoho. ' In the
evening Rev. Father Wyman will deliver
the discourse.
CHALLENGE CUP FOR
LADY GOLF PLAYERS
Magnificent Trophy Presented by Prince
Poniatowski.
THROUGH the generosity of Prince Poniatowski, the K<>lf players of
district have a challenge cup offered them for competl
which exceeds In value and beauty any cup ever offered here. It is
given in the nam< ofTßurlingame Country Club, and will be com
peted for on iis links. The rtrst match will be played on July 3, and
l a O pen to the ladies, members of the San Francisco, Oakland and San
Rafael clul The cup must be won twice to become the property of a
player. The cup is a massive affair and is in the best handiwork nf
Bhreve & Co,, silv< rsmitha.
The Burliiigame Club was organized nn July } six years ago. Major J.
L R a thboni ; ll! li|lJ ( ' lutl - ailli n * s associates are preparing to ce1e
!,,..,,, . . . ion ii. an appropriate manner. There will be music and
luncheon on thi veranda of the new club house and a gTeal variety of
sports "U the grounds. These will include golf, pigeon shooting for the club
cup and pony racing on Corb< it track.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
NAMED BY M'DONALD
TWO AT LARGE AND ONE FROM
EACH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Methods by Which the One Hundred
Seek to Perpetuate Control of
Local Pr.itv Affair-.
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the Dem
ocratic Committee of Oho Hundred, has
in line wit] a resolution adopted at the
last meeting of the general body named
an executive committee of twenty-orvj
from each Assembly district and two at
large. The committee so named is com
posed of the following:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District, J. D.
Maxwell; Twenty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict Lawrence Brennan; Thirtieth As
sembly District, P. J. To malty; Thirty
first Assembly District, K. P. Dooian;
Thirty-second Assembly District. William
.! Kciiwick; Thirty-third Assembly Dis
trict. Richard V. Curtis; Thirty-fourth
Assembly District, John I".. A. Helms;
Thirty-fifth Assembly District, John 11.
Grady; Thirty-sixth. Assembly District;
Barna McKinna; Thirty-seventh Assem
bly District. William H. Mead;" Thirty
eighth Assembly District, Jeremiah
Deasy; Thirty-ninth Assembly District,
William D. Farren; Fortieth Assembly
District, L. F. Byington; Forty-tiro I As
sembly District. Howard Park; Forty
second Assembly District. George -Mo-
Gilvray; Forty-third Assembly District,
P. {{.'McCarthy; Forty-fourth Assembly
District. John Fay Jr.; Forty-fifth Assein
blv District. M. H. Hoi nan: at large—
Jasper McDonald and T. J. Walsh.
The members of the body of < »ne Hun
dred cail themselves the Democratic
County Committee. Their only title t.i
govern the Democratic voters of this cii
was derived hist year from the Demo
cratic State Central Committee. 11 was
supposes! then that they would aUopt
measures to recognize the Democratic
workers in each Assembly district before.
another campaign began, but no such
measures have been introduced. Having
the reins of author! in local. affair they
seem inclined to usurp rather than sur
render privileges. Ii is understood that
the forgoing executive committee will
endeavor to ma na affairs to securs the,
nomination of a ticket already slated by
the manag
La Estrella in Farce.
The members of La Estrella Parlor. Na
tivi Daughter? of the Golden West, have
arranged for one of the social I
to be given ir 1 the banquel hall of the
Native SOl on Saturday even
ing next. The committee, consisting of
Mrs. M. Hansen and Miss M. Lessley.
Miss M. Fest. Miss A. Panella and Miss
Minnie Klevesahl, have arranged for an
entertainment, the principal feature of
which will be a farce, entitled. "Turn
Him Out." In which members of the par
lor will take part. That portion of the
. ro) ■ mil)' will !•■ followed by dancing.
Boeus Lottery Tickets
George I pton tne manuracturer or
bogus lottery tickets, who was convicted
in Judge Treadwell's court on Friday by
si jury of aiding and abetting a lottery,
appeared for sentence yesterday. Upton
had another charge against him. and he
agreed to abide by the verdict of the jury
in that case also. The Judge sentenced
him to six months In the County Jail on
the first charge and three months on the
second Attorney Collins for Upton at
once pave notice of appeal and his bonds
were fixed in $1500, which were promptly
furnished.
. » ■
Hale Brothers buy fourteen Smith Pre
mier Typewriters from 1.. & M. Alexan
der A, i ' 110 M.itit''-.nn< ■!•-. St. •
Fossed a Coin for the Contract
The Fire Department Committee of the
Board of Supervisors met yesterday for
the purpose of considering l> ; 'l^ for fur
nishing supplies to th" department Cor
;!:• next two years. Bidding was exceed
ingly closi and In a number of Instances
the two lowest bids were the same. Wh. re
this occurred the on< to receive the con
tract was usually determined by the toss
of a coin by the rival bidders, tn this
manner Dunham, Carrlgan & Co.'s repre
sentative won the contract fur furnishing
piping, which v,i!l appregate $10,000.
Sues Her- Betrayer.
[da >'. Craw, keeper of a lodging-house
at 279 Jessie street, filed suil yesterday
against Charles M. Eagerly to recovei
$25 lamages for betrayal under promise
of marriage. Plaintiff alii -• ■ thai thrmig-h
the defendant's promise tn marry her and
her Bubsequeni betrayal by him her repu
tation and business have been injiirrri in
the sum nam< d. I tenci the Buit.
Decker piano, good as new. for $200,
at Mauvais', ?69 Market Btreet. *
Died of Smallpox.
Katie Levis, a nurse at t ho Maclean
Hospital, died ai l:4fi o'docb yesterday of
pox. Bhe was 18 years of age and
her home was at Selma. She w;is taken
si.- v two weeks ago. Mrs. Minnie Fre
haus of Napa 'lied ;it the hospital Friday
afternoon of smallpox. She was 32 years
of age and had been sick for two weeks.
The remains of both women were interred
at once.
Game Warden's Report.
James Fallon, the Fish and (lame War
den, has riled his report with the Super
visors for the liscul year ending June 30.
The expenses of the office for the year
nave been $750, including the Warden's
salary. During that period he has made
thirty arrests and confiscated 2000 pounds
of young fish, which he donated to the
various public institutions. He has made
daily inspections of the markets, hotels,
restaurants, etc., in the performance of
his duty.
HARRIS IN UNIFORM.
Hank to Emulate the Only Dal
rymple This Afternoon.
The regular Sunday morning game will
take place at Golden Gate, the contesting
teams being San Francisco and Oakland.
ii • rg will pitch for the locals and Shea
will do the boxwork for th( Dudes, In the
| afternoon the same teams will meet at
j Recreation Park, and a special feature
will be the first appearance on any dia
| mond In uniform of the only, the great,
', original Hank Harris. It is rather late
| for Hank to break Into the game, but yes
terday, during a lit of mental aberration,
he accepted' a challenge from J. Cal
; Kwing- to don a uniform and coach his
j team. Ewing will do likewise, so the
i fanatics will have an opportunity to see
j just how much these two magnates really
know about the fine points of the game. ;
Hank has made it conditional that he
be permitted to wear over his uniform
' catcher's air packages fore and aft to
j protect himself from Krug's occasional j
; skyrocket throws. The teams will line
I up as follows:
■ .-.in Francisco. Position. Oaklan !
Swindells ..Catcher Hammond
j KMtzpatrirk I'itcher Kuss.-l!
' Sullivan First base Johnson
! 'V Neil Second base Peeplos
Riley Third base l. -m.:
--i Krug Shortstop Schmeer
! Muller Left Hold Dunlevy
j I'yti.' Center field.- Don ivan
I Hilderbrandt Risht field Hardle
—•-.
Ladies' handsome tailor gowns to order
lat popular prices Loewenthal's. 914 Mrkt."
Postmaster Montague an Inventor.
master Montague had on exhibition
in tin Postofflce yosterdaj an Invention
v hit h 11 ! :- •■xi" ■'■ rl that th< Postofflce
•,i les at Washington will adopt. I r
la an attachment for letter boxes, which
shows under glass the time when the
■■• collection will be made and the mail
which it will catch. The slip Kivint; this
rmatlon Is changed automatically up
on th< collector closing the box after tak
Ing out the letters. The Invention has
been patented bj Hoagland ..<• Richard
son.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iS% Dr^ RS^^^' Lost Vigor, Contracted Ailments and all other weakness and diseases of r?W V u&^ W0
men quickly and l ermanent v cured WITHOUT THE USE OF DEADLY
'mßSsfs™*?s DRUGS OR DANGEROUS AND UNNATURAL STIMULANTS. Mk&^Ws&S
. \ How would you like to feel your old-time strength and vitality? How would you g
like to b- as feet in every way as the most per: ect man you know ? These blessings g
are in ttora for you. All you ne3d 10 do is t ) reich out and grasp them. Dr. Meyers & |
Co. offer you new life with all its many blessings. They have become famous by rebuild- I
ing shattered constitutions. They have made a study of your troubles for a great many
i years. They are endowed by nature with special qualifications. They passed the ex-
perimental stage long, long ago They have the largest and best equipped medical in-
stitution and the most extensive practice in America.
Dr. Meyers & Co. ~~~ ~ NO PAY • TILL
Dr, Meyers & Co, _L ' ccjred.
Are the leading specialists for (^^^S^^^^^Sl^s * " a . P 8 ", 6 " 1 ""^fhA
. J2SS-SS JEREMY #HH"#«
and healing men for mote than s Sßg§«^g^* ! -- cure in any Lank in San
18 years. They cure : '■" ' "^Sfe?) ■ Francisco to be paid to Dr.
Ti , r „ , t, 'M^B^^ W@ Meyers & Co. after he is
Lost Vigor. Premature De- j (lill^lp/ W! entirely well. llfit is not
cay, Unnatural Lcsses, Wasting i -£rp||lsi£ ' V/ convenient '.■• do this pay-
Drains Nervous Debility, Strict- 'mtw' P m; ''V" '" ay be made in
urainb, HervousueDility, btrict- •rSfififfl**'- . i weekly or monthly install-
ure, Rupture, Tumors, Vanco- W^^^ -^^SSi- *i'^^^ ments.
cele, Private Diseases, Eczama, 'fjVT'^ ** '-^^^ ' Iral&f
Cancer, Sleeplessness, Rheuma- I dl ifW. ~ ~3&£&M?. " * mNQlll TfITION
tism, Neuralgia, Kidney Dis- \ | W Un^zh.-T Un
ease, Bladder Disease, Spine Dis- | '. v v/i / > F\EE.
ease, Liver Disease, Heart i iff ,$ 1 , % /^^&s2x*t Dr. Meyers . & Co. make
Disease, Blood Disease, Skin ; IJtMt'Vv r ■'' '<m^^^r--<, no <n:u ' for consultation
D: ,a Bta-dr.Dtai, Eve 1 &&&£&* ?.?* a^SSr V£"^*
Disease, Ear Disease, Lung i 'rv^^^^^^f'^ ■%3a& ) l and frequently results in a
Disease, Rectal Disease. J x -'' ! V;'>>^^ls4r. • "'^Bfi - ' :U deal of gQod - even if
on , irurnr „ M' ~&si^^yjN-M'( treatment is not taken.
DR. MEYERS & CO. are M V • r^WSfflti'W If. you cannot call, write 1
j successful in curing chronic S^^A '"^^^^^v**^' for private bonk, diag-
and dangerous cases, no mat- <=! 3I N^ "/. „ "--^^^^m'j'jj^j^* no-sis sheet, free advice,
ter if they have been pro- -*^ >> *»'^^ ''^^ffffff r • prices and other particu-
nounced incurable by other % ' larß -. Thous w?o men
cured every year who have
physicians. I _ never seen the doctors.
HOME CURES-FREE PRIVATE BOOK.- There are men in every city, town and school district
fl throughout the West who have heen cured hy PR. MEYERS' successful HOME-CURE system. Although it is
jj preferable to see the patient in many instances, it is not always necessary.
H ' CORRESPONDENCE CONFIDENTIAL. NO PRINTING ON ENVELOPES OR PACKAGES.
gf^lf DR. MEYERS & CO., MW
'f^ imofHop iM A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS. C tttSTAßof/to^
l!r u t E ci ßS^p *7*?\i Market Street, elevator Hour S -8 to s Daily. gP^o^fiP
' ' sa - Franci - • enhance. i- n d^-y t °o x k pjyi
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
ORDERS FOR PARADE ON THE
FOURTH ISSUED.
The Inspections in the Second Brig
ade—Some of the Soldiers Were
Without Uniforms.
Order? have been Issued from Superior
ii, adquart< fs to th< several branches of
the National Guard of the State to par
ade in their respective localities on Tues
day, the Fourth of July, in celebration of
the one hundred and twenty-third anni
■• ■ r iry of American Independence. Major
Genera] Dickinson has issued the follow
ing order relative to the Inspection of the
Naval Militia:
11. The captain commanding, offi
cers, warrani officers, petty officers,
"ii board the United States steamship
Marion and the flrst, second and engi
neer divisions will be musti red and In
spected on Tuesday, Jim- 1 27, 1899, at 8
p. in., by such utncer on officers as
shall hen after be designated by the
major general commanding division,
N. <;. c.
111. The officers, warrani officers,
oftici rs and third division, on
board the Ignited States steamship
Pinta, ai San Diego, Cal., will b( mus
tered and inspect* d al such time and
by such officer as Brigadier General
C. K. A. Last, commanding first bri
de, N. (i. C, shall di signat< .
IV. The fourth division at Santa
z will l>, must) n d and inspected
at such time and by such officer as
■ ■ ■■ be designated by the
major general commanding division,
N. G. C.
V. The fifth division at Eureka, will
bi mustered and inspected by the com
manding officer of said division at
such time prior to July 1, 1899, as he
may designate. !!<■ Is further directed
!" follow carefully the prescribed rules
and regulations ami the provisions of
<;. * ». No. 3, c. s., division headquar
ters.
VI. The sixth division at Santa Bar
bara shall be mustered and inspected
ai such time, and by such officer as
Brig ■■■ ';■ m ral C. F. A. Last, com
manding first brigade, N. <;. C, shaJl
designate.
VII. Attention is called tn para
grapi) 8, <;. O. No. 3, c. s., division
headquarters, and the information
called for should not fail to -appear
in or be attached to Ihe muster rolls.
Pursuant to these order Captain Louis
11. Turner, commanding the Naval Militia,
has issued Ihi follow Ing order;
The officers, warrant officers and
petty office) stationed on board the
l nited Si I unship Marion
the flrst, second and engineer divisions
will be mustered and Inspected on
Tuesday, June 27, 1889, at 8 o'clock
p. in., on board the United s-ates
steamship Marion, Howard Wharf No.
3, I ler 10.
11. The commanding officers mf-n
--tioned In paragraphs 3, 4. 5 and 6 of
S] eia] < >rd< rs No. 11. Headquarters
Division, N. <;. C, June 12, 1899, are
hereby ordered to govern themselves
by said ordors— preparing their m .
rolls at once In readiness for the in
spection, carefully providing the in
formation called for.
111. Commanding officers of tho
first, second and engineer divisions
are ordered to notify every member
of their command to be preseni at this
muster and im :•• tion and to pr< pare
their muster rolls according to para
graph No. 7 of Special Orders, Head
quarters Division, N. <:. C. June 12,
1599 in quadruplicate, and th<ir atten
tion is called to paragraph 5, General
( i!-. 1. i - No. fi, c. s. f}i leral I [eadquar
ters. N. 1 .. i .. Jun< 5, 1899.
IV The field and staff officers, war
rant and officers attached
to the I nited States steamship Mar
r, hereby orden d to be pr> sent
at this n'.ust.-r' ami inspection.
V All division commanding offici ra
are hereby ordered to have the prop
ertj in their possession ready for m
spc ction during the day ol the
upon which the muster and Inspection
is ordered.
Seaman H T Hoi ton. Naval Militia, has
been transferred from the engineers' di
vision to thi second division, on ncom
mendation ol the commanding officer. At
the request of the commanding officer,
Charles Winters, seaman, and James !>.
Stewart, cockswain, have received their
from the service.
The following appointments of cniel
petty officers have been made: Quarter
master (second class) John M. Corcoran,
Second Division, appointed paymaster's
yeoman vice Eemanuel J. Louis, promot
ed; Seaman J. R. Plevin, Second Division,
appointed chief cockswain.
The inspections were held In the various
branches < : ■ : - r '' '" ""' Second
Brigade lasl Thursday night, but the re
from the several inspecting officers
have not v■ I been r< ceived. In a number
of th< companies the men being minus
uniforms, were Insj ted in civilian dress.
I -i thi* city Troop A was Inspected by
Major Jansen. brigade instructor of tho
Si i a i ; [gade. Thi re were present lif
ty-thn ■ of fifty-nim nd thesst made
a fair showing, owing to the fact that
manj of th< mi n are new. but very few
being in the company at this time that
w.rc in ii at the Inspection last year.
There is still a shortage of revolvers In
this troop, which was noted in the last
■ report.
The Signal Corps of the Second Brigade
w i . inspected by Captain Napthaly, and
the corps, as usual, made a tit;'- showing.
.After the Inspection there was an exhi
bltion'drill with the new wire-laying cart.
< . mpany B of the Sevienth Infantry will
-)mci.'il at Han Diego next week, as
will also the Third Division of the Naval
i Militia on board of the Pinta.
John M. Smith, elected second lieuten
lant of Company B, Seventh Infantry, at
Son Diego, has successfully passed the
examination.
The. men on tho Marion at this port will
Bre a national salute of forty-five guns
on the Fourth of July and they \\i ; :
take part in the par
Commissions have been Issued to Pres
ton F. Sim/rnds. first lieutenant. Company
C Second Infantry: Captain W. 11. Cur
son, Richard I. Wallace, firsi lieut
and William Rawson, second lieutenant.
all of Company F, Second Infantry; Mil
bank Johnson, captain and assistant sur
geon in tin- Sanitary Corps and assigned
to duty with the S< venth Infantry; Edwin
B. Harvey, first lieutenant, comm .
tho Signal Corps, Third Brigade, vice
Ba iley who failed to qualify.
The recommendation of the board of lo
cation and organization as to an
tional company of infantry to be !■
at W Hand and b< me pan i I
ond Regiment of Infantry, ha
approved, the companj - ! as r
has been mustered in.
BERGEROT SCHOOL.
Promotion Certificates Given the Best
Pupil of Each Class.
The closing exercises of the Bergerot
School were held Friday morning, when
il>..' following programme was given:
Song, "America." school; class piece. "The
National Flag," Miss Gavigan's class; I
song Miss McDonald's class; recitation, "Th<
on Why." Tillie O'Connor; swing
Miss Toomey'B class; recll itii n, "Bob Wnite,"
John Hodnett; song, "Fiddle and I." Miss
Fairweather's claps: recitation, "The Children's
Hour." Ruby Bennett . a m*. "The FI
Banks," Kirl* of the sixth and seventh grades;
recitation "Like Washington." two littli
from Miss McDonnell's class; reel)
"Westward." Emile Kessel, May Higrgins.
Pearl Nj att, Sj Ivain I nor Nyatt .
"The Merry Rlacksmlt I third
anil fourth grades; dialogue, "Making a Kack-
Fred de X Charles Ganzert, I ••" -
Cassassa, Arthur Burton, Andrew Moore; vocal
quartet, Helen Upham, Sylvain Rohr, Ida
Conlon Mabel McFarland; recitation, "Phil
osophy." Katie O'Connor; doll drill, girls o£
first and second grades: recitation, "Whd
Likes the Rhiii." Myrtle Hesse, Alice Upham,
Christiana Bannlk, Ed Llppkowski, Edwin
Prince: .snnp. "Sleep, Gentle Mothei
seventh grades; recitation, "The Arithmetic
Lesson," Alice Wadman: "The Stars end
sirlp-s." Miss Gavigan's class; re. ir I
"The Leaves." pupils ol second grade; r
song, pupils of thin! grade; rainbow drill.
twenty girls; song, "Lullaby." fourth [
girls; dialogue, "Fox an.l Geese." Katie O'Co
nor, Lillie Mah'.ney. Myrtle Hesse. In.i
O'Rorke, Teresa McMahon, Katie Hodnett;
song, "Jack Is Every Inch a Sailor," twenty
■
The distribution of promotion rertifiratps fnl
lowed thp programme, and the best pupil of
earn class was presented with a box of bon
bons s"nt by President Berg"
THE JURY FEES CASE.
Mandate Proceedings Will Be Com
menced Before the Supreme Court.
ament in the mandamus proceedings
rd "i" Supervisors to com
pel them to audit the demands of the
jurors sitting- in the various .riminal de
partments of the Superior Court was not
heard by Judg* Cook yesterday. .When
lied City and County At
torney Lane objected tn the proceedings
on the ground that they were not pi
and said that individual suits to recover
the various demands should be Instituted.
As he also intimated that in event the
court issued the writ as prayed an appeal
would be taker, into the Supreme Court.
Mr. Boardman, who represents th<
ors, did not press tht matter. Tn event
an appeal was taken months of
would be the result, and in consequence
early next week Mr. Boardman will go
re the Supreme Court and comni' ■ ■
mandate proceedings against th board
before that tribunal. The Supreme Court
lnis original jurisdiction in such cases, and
by dropping the case In the Superior
Court and *rotnK directly before the court
of last resort much time will be sav< I
and th.' decision will be final. It was
understood when the proceedings were in
stituted in tli<- Superior Court that the
board would not appeal, but obey the
judgment of th< lower court, but al
last minute somebody changed his mind.
and as a result occasioned several days'
delay.
A WITNESS ASSAULTED.
Leonard Kienzle Has His Lips and
Nose Smashed by the Defend
ant in a Battery Case.
T^nnard Kienzle, a peddler, living at
the I'hicnxn House, fill' Howard street.
called at the Receiving Hospital yesterday
morning with his lips and nose badly out.
He said that William Moore, a barber,
also living In the Chicago House, hn<t
attacked him with a pair of brass
knuckles because he was t<> appear as a
witness against him in a battery case in
Judge Graham's court. I>r. Rinrn- stitched
and dressed the wounds.
A few minutes later the rasp was call' -I
in court. Moof< accused Thomas Fitz
gerald of slandering his wife and black
ened Fitzgerald's eyes, which led to his
arrest. Fitzgerald acknowledged in court
that he had made a mistake as to Mrs.
Moore's character, and the Judge gnt
them to shak>' hands. Kienzle declined to
say who beal him and the Judge dis
missed the case against Moore and told
-jrmp to so and behave themselves.
Captain Carrington's Trouble.
Tho indications are that Captain r"ar
rington's financial troubles will he acl
justed without additional annoyance.
Yesterday the following mpp?asp w;ig
wired from Vancouver to this city:
VANCOUVER BARRACKS. June 17,
1599.— William Oreer Harrison, San
Francisco: Muoh prnptrnted. but as
sure my frif-nds thar my arrounts
■with the Government are absolutely
correct. CARRINGTON.A CAMP FOR
THE RETURNING
VOLUNTEERS
Three Thousand Re
cruits Now Here.
NATIONAL PARK DUTY
ORDERS ARE OUT TO RE-EXAM
INE ENLISTED MEN.
Recruits Were Accepted Who Are
Unfit for Active Cam
, paign Duty in the
Orient.
- — ♦
Second Lieutenant William Forse. Bat
tery I, Third Artillery, has been tempo
rarily detached from duty with his bat
tery at Fort v7lnfield Scott and left yes
terday afternoon with a detachment of
the Thiid Artillery for the Yosemite Na
tional Park. Lieutenant Forse will re
lieve First Lieutenant James A. Moss and
detachment of the Twenty-fourth Infan
try. who will rejoin 'heir regiment at the
Presidio and accompany it to the Philip
pine Islands.
First Lieutenant Floyd "W. Harris,
Fourth Cavalry, has returned to the Pre
sidio after a leave of absence for twenty
days.
Captain James B. Erwin. Fourth Cav
alry, has been appointed adjutant of that
regiment, t'aptain Erwin was graduated
from the West Point Military Academy
in ISSO and is an honor graduate of the
infantry and cavalry school at Fort Leav
c-nworth, class of lsvi.
Captain Harry C. Benson, Fourth Cav
alry, a member of the Yosemlte National
Park Commission, is now at the Presidio
making preparation;: to leave for his new
ti^ld of duty. The commission expect to
start for the park some time next week.
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Wagner.
Fourth Cavalry, who has been on a Gov
ernment '•.■ purchasing trip through
out <~>r<=eron and Washington; has return
ed, bringing with him one hundred and
fifty mounts. Colonel Wagner is now
purchasing horses for the expedition to
-Alaska under command of Colonel Kay.
Colonel Char i». Compton, Fourth
Cavalry, recently retired, is packing up
his personal effects and will leave the
Presidio shortly for his home in the East.
Captain Frank O. Ferris, First Infan
try, retired, who just before the war was
stationed with his ■ ■ gjment in the De
partment of California, 1 as returned to
the Pacific Coast and will make his future
home In San Francisco.
The general hospital buildings now
under construction at the Presidio will be
completed and turned over for occupancy
about the middle of next month.
Company H. Twenty-fourth Infantry,
has been relieved from duty at Alcatraz
Island and ordered to the Presidio for
temporary station, to prepare for em
barkation to th<- Philippine Islands. Al
catraz will he garrisoned by Batten H.
Third Artillery, from Angel' Island.
Acting Hospital Steward John G. Ben
der and Privates Claude P. Fryer, Ole M.
Norvesing, F. J. Bendit arfd J. H. Ship
per, hospital corps, now at the United
States General Hospital, Presidio, have
been sent to Angel Island to report for
duty with Companies H and H. Four
teenth Infantry, and to accompany these
companies to the Philippine Islands.
The camp for the returning volunteers
from Manila is located on the north si'Je
■if the road entering the Presidio reserva
tion from Lombard street. It is being
constructed by Colonel James M. Mar
shall, chief quartermaster, Department of |
California: When completed It will be .i j
model camp and will accommodate 5000
men. .
■ • Pr< >i>!lo is
■ amp for 2000 recruits on a site
■ quarters know n
This camp is
ommodate
■■v arrlvii post.
■ Presidio ov< r
■ ■ bout
day.
Tbrei boards ■ i ' ■ have
it the Presidio to r< ■• i
isuals that have recently
from the different
ins throughout the United
I Miring the fish many men were
iesi ; nta who are physi
nflt for • ■ irient . imd
ards are hard at work eliminating
""' ■ ■ hrown uut
■ n already ex- :
■ • '1.
POSTUM CEREAL.
"AUNT MILLY" FAILED,
So the YounK School "Mom"
Took a Hand.
H"1 ' ng up a small lunch,
the yi ung ■ acher hurried away
f" r tl taught her physl- '
evil i ffects of ooffee
(that being the lesson for the day),
then ■ . and made coffee the
principal thing for dinner. She had
been growing more and more nervous j
and irritable as the weeks passed by.
Stomach trouble had set in and more \
or less bowel trouble, but she never'
had applied to herself the teaching that
coffee acts as a poison on many sys-
tems.
A package : Postum Food Coffee j
found its way into th^ house and was
Bent down to Aunt Mllly, the cook, to
make. In the morning, when it was j
served, It was so Inferior that it was
pushed away in disgust and regular i
called for. Put the school
teacher knew she must have help some
: to get rid of coffee drinking, so
en! down the nexi morning to
some Postum herself and to
: carefully, according to direc- I
result w?is more satisfac
Bhe had ever dreamed. With
it was better than the best i
had ever drank, and it made
hungry for breakfast just to
II it.
ek passed by and sh* became. \
Lnown as an enthusiast on th>- subjei I
• b< hool a remark was made j
i looks, and she related
the story of the new coffee. Miss
Smith, one uf the teachers, remark-!
that she had always wanted something |
In P l *' • and intended to try
It A few mornings afterward Miss
Smith remarked: ' v;.. tried your old :
Postum ai home, i nd nobody lined it." ;
She was Induced, however, to give it i
a trial under the personal direction of
her own supervision, In order to know
that it was boiled fifteen or twenty '
minutes. That cleared up the case, and
Miss Smith is as enthusiastic over Pos-
tum as the other teacher lias been.
The little nephew in the house was j
tly delighted with the thought of I
cup of coffee every morning
for breakfast The greatest victory we
have had is with sister, who has been
a regular coffee devotee and held out ■
;. gainst the Postum for some time; but
she. had used Postum for about
ten days, she said one morning: "I
must say I will take this in preference i
to coffee every time, bo we will just ,
have Postum hereafter and none of the
uld-fashioned coffee."
Xow when the teacher instructs a j
in physiology, she can demon- I
strate by her own physical health the
advantage of leaving off coffee with
its poisonous effects. Janet Cooper, j
Nashville, Term.
TWO AGED WOMEN TAKEN
FROM A DEN OF SQUALOR
Half-Starved and De
mented Were Liza
McSweeney and
Her Sister.
>T IZA McSWEENEY and h
'. t I ter Mary, both decrepit and aged
' I with : ■ md tribulations of
) fourscore years, have been taken
from a den of squalor at !2i> Utah
> strt.-t. where thej had been living for
' the past live years, and charged -.t
• the Receiving Hospital with insanity.
PARIS CEMETERY FOR DOGS.
Decent Burial for Pets in Graves Sold
or Leased.
A s (ciety has lusl be< n founded In I';iris
eel is ihe en ation of a cemetery
igs M. Harmois, :h<- editor of ;i
popuhir magazine, is t ti • - originator of the
t. The almost total absence In
Paris of the back garden makes It a diffi
cult matter to carry out a canine funeral
with anything approaching decency. The
more devoted owners of >! |i ks convey the
■ arcasses of their petn to the open ?
In the surrounding suburbs, with the re
sult that every now and then th<- papers
contain accounts of some bereaved person
. arrested bya local policeman mi the
charge of clandestinely burying a baby,
whereas all he had >i"n>- was to consign
his spaniel to its last resting place.
As a rule, of course, no such trouble is
taken, and the dog's hearse Is the dust
cart. A strong contingent of the departed
find their way to the Seine, out of which
river, In the course of its passage through
Paris. Home twenty thousand carcasses
are fished every year, the majority of
them those of dot*?. This watery burial
Is bad for the nectar we are "«ually asked
to ilrimc for a week or two in the height
of summer, and is an Ignominious end for
the animal-; who suffer It. Considerations
■•f this kind have Induced ML Harmois to
start his scheme. Up applied for help to
the Society Tor the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals, but that body decided at its
la*l general meeting that its responsibili
ties ended with thf decease of its client?.
In reality the Bociety'a policy is one of
masterly Inactivity throughout, and It is
held in BUCh Blight esteem that one of its
mest distinguished members has publicly
asserted that on the only occasion on
which he ventured to Intervene in Its
name he was taken into custody for cre
ating a disturbance and stopping the
traffic.
However; M. Harmois has succeeded in
obtaining sufficient Bupport to start his
enterprise. The site uf his cemetery has
'■ already been selected on some waste
ground near the old fortifications, and
early In the coming year candidates for
admission will be afile to find accommoda
tion. The graves may be leased for as
■ many or as few years as the dog owner
. ■ nslders to be the measure of his solici
tude, and naturally the erection of simple
Kra vestones or elaborate monuments will
( be allowed. Finally, for the benefit of pet
owners in general, portions of the ceme
tery will be set aside for all the varieties
! of man's animal friends and companions,
from parrots to marmoset p. from canaries
to cats In short, the project is one that
will afford real solace to many excellent
souls, whfle it will at least do no harm to
the animals.— Pall Mall Gazette.
Oldest School Teacher in Illinois.
< >mar H. Lincoln of Marengo. near Tlar
vard, 111., is the oldest schoolteacher in
point of years of service In the State. Mr.
Lincoln has been a country schoolteacher
In McHenry County thirty-six years. He
began his labors In the schoolroom at the
a|re of 19, and now. at the age of jB, is
instructing about twenty scholars in the
country school in his district.
Mr. Lincoln was born In the State of
New York fifty-six years ago. He came
to Illinois with his father when only four
> pars old. His education consists of such
advantages as he could th^n obtain In
the country schools and a short term in
the Wauconde Academy in Lake County.
During the thirty-six years of his pro
fessional career Mr. Lincoln has been em
ployed in but thirteen different scnools.
And he is apparently as energetic In the
performance of hia school duties to-day
an when he first began his work, and a
great deal more in sympathy with it. He
keeps himself up with the times In all
branches of pedagogy, and ls« a liberal pat
ronlser of all publications in the educa
tional line ann one of the best posted
mm in the developments of our free
school system.— Chicago Chronicle.
Nervy Kleptomaniac.
A woman shoplifter was caught steal
ing an umbrella the other day in a Phil
adelphia dry goods store, says the New
York Tribune. But it was decided not
to prosecute her If she would nay for
the umbrella, valued at $2 50. which she
did. The next day she returned and re
quested to see the manager. When thnt
surprised person could recover himself
sufficiently to ask her business the wo
man calmly told him that she had been
pricing umbrellas In other stores, and
found she could purchase one like her
"\vn for $2, and she wanted to know if he
wouldn't refund her 50 cents. As a trih.
ute to her monumental nerve, 50 cents wu
handed her in silence.
Yosemlte excursions. 321 Market st. •
Peculiarities of the English Officer.
The British officer is a strange and very
amusing creature. A young officer arrived
here only this morning fresh from Khelat,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18. 1899.
The women were removed from their
filthy surroundings at the instance of
the new Health Officer. Dr. \V. P.
Lawlor, and the unsavory task of tak
ing them from the shack which th^y
called home was assigned to Officer
Butterworth, who is specially detailed
to assist the Board of Health, and Po
liceman John Gafloway. The residentd
of the neighborhood reported the case
to OftV- r }'■ ; ! terworth.
Year after year tho partially dement
ed women merely existed In the filthy
hovel, and mi'!>T the same roof were
housed five scrawny cats, several
chickens and two goats. The women
■ In one room and the half-starved
or at leasi from the Baluch Hill?. amon« |
which lie had been wandering for nearly
two months. I at once got alongside him
■ ws. His view of the political situa
tion was comprised In the opinion that
Khelat was 'the <1 dest hole in the
world." and the people "nol a bad lot of
beggars, bui dirty and d— d thieves." But
h.- had fished up nearly every pass and
stream, and rould tell mo exactly what
holes to go to for the biggest fish and
what files to catch them with, l couldn'i
make oui that he had taken any escort or
thought it necessary to trouble himself
about the inhabitants in any way. and I
believe a chap like that, if he could only
be trained to keep his eyes open as well,
could tish and loaf his way anywhere-
Life of Sir George Pomeroy-Colley.
Submarine Canyons. Rivers and Val
leys.
[f England and France are not always
at one now, there was a time when they
were physically united, according to a
map shown by Professor Edward Hull at
the Royal Geographical Society, where he
read a paper yesterday on the "Sub-
Oceanic Features of the Coasi of Western
Europe." Among these features he de
scribed a deep canyon or river course in
the center of the English Channel, run
ning from the Straits of Dover westward
for a distanc< of seventy miles, known a.s
"Hurd's Deep," Commander Hurd having
discovered it while making BOUdings for
the admiralty. This gorge has a depth of
200 to r.i feet below the bed of the chan
nel. It was kept open by the force of the
waters of the English Channel as they
rose r>rd fell. Very curious features were
observed in the case f the Adour In
France. The ravine through which it
flowed at some ancient date was discover
able for a distance of sixty or seventy
miles from the coast, and about fifty
miles "lit it divided, forming, as it were,
an island !t<it*i feet down under the sea
level. At one time there must have been
some magnificent cascades in these
gorges, as the declines In their course
amounted to as much as a thousand feet
in a mile. Undoubtedly at one time the
land extended far out into what is now
the sea, and was several thousand feet
higher than it i 1 * to-day, but the action of
the water had worn the earth away. In
the Bny of Biscay, forty miles off Cape
Pieto, is a seastaek 200 fathoms below tno
surface of th>- sea. measuring on the land
side 4800 feet, and on the other side 7800
feet from crown to base.
Burned a Precious Flag.
The late Janitor Peters of the Girls'
Grammar School in Gertnantown unwit
tingly destroyed a valued relic found In
the loft of the old building some tl'me prf
vious to his death. It was an Americiin
flag, the ilrst to float over a public school
building in this city, in 1863. It was
made by Mrs. John H. Dye, who was the
principal of the school during: the Civil
War. aided by other teachers of the
school. When it was proposed to pur
chase a flag not one could be bought,
therefore wide bunting was purchased
and cut In two. After the flag had been,
made and the stars sowed on by Miss
Rlghter. another teacher, the names of
the School Directors and teachers were
put on the stars. Mrs. Dye, In speaking
of the affair, said that the Janitor c H nie
across the precious emblem, and, believ
ing that it had been discarded, owing to
its dilapidated condition, consigned it to
the flames.— Philadelphia Record.
A Big Collection of Newspapers.
The State Historical Society has recent
ly printed an annotated catalogue of its
large and valuable collection of newspa
per flies. These newspaper files now
number 10.000 hound volumes, representa
tive of nearly every State and some other
leading countries of the world. They in
clude eopi.-s of the Oxford < England) Mer
rvirius Aulieus, 1643-45; Boston Gazette.,
17U»-24; many of the leading American
Journals of the eighteenth century and
prominent political papers of the present
century. The society's files of "Wisconsin
newspapers are especially complete, and
as the editors of the catalogues, Messrs.
Thwaites and Bradley, say. there is no
phase of Wisconsin life since 1833 that is
not fairly Illustrated by newspaper files
in the possession of the society.—Milwau
kee (WiS.) Sentinel.
"Where Nelson Fell."
Sir William Watson of the <"lty nf Dub
lin Steamship Company met with an ac
cident on Saturday. If not a very large
accident, it appears to have had a large
cause to Judge from the accounts in the
papers. He "tripped on a steamer."
This reminds us of the old lady who vis
ited Nelson's old flagship. "This." said
the guide, pointing to the brass plate in
the deck, "fa where Nelson fell," "And."
said the old lady, as, In turning round,
she incautiously put her foot on the plate
and slipped up, "I don't wonder at it."—
London Globe.
All kinds of musical instruments sold
at reduced prices during June at Mau
vais', 769 Market street. •
animals occupied the one adjoining.
Tho aged sisters were scarcely able
to hobble around their nasty abode
wht-n the policemen entered.
Liza McSweeney. who Is several
years older than her sinter, was at
tempting to cook a scanty m^al which
had been supplied by a kind-hearted
neighbor, and • she feebly rebelled
against the Intrusion of the officials.
She said that she was not. insane and
begged to be left there to wallow in
the rtlth till the end of her numbered
days. The women were clothed !n
rags, and vermin of every specie
crawled over their thinly clad bodies.
It was a sight to sicken, and the po
licemen made all possible haste to fin
ish their disgusting task. The houso
was thoroughly fumigated and then
locked. The half-starved animals wer"
given over into the charge of Mrs.
Goldsmith, who lives next door. F."t'i
women Will probably be sent to the
insane asylum.
Behind the sad predicament of th>*
aged sisters, the neighbors say. there
is an interesting story. They were at
one time very wealthy, it is said, and
lived with their father in an elegant
mansion on Haight street. This was
twenty-five years ne-o. They wer«
born In Ireland and were highly edu
cated In the nest Institutions of learn
ing which their mother country affnrd
ed. After coming t.. this country their
father met with reverses. Little is
known of their past life, save what the
unfortunate sisters confided to their
neighbors. Of late y^ars Mary M,--
Sweeney earned enough to keep her
sHf and sister from starvation, assist
ing the sextons of various Catholic
churches In the city. During the last
few weeks Mary was taken ill. and
were it not for the interference of the
Hoard of Health the unfortunate
women might have died of starvation.
THE TABLE GET FOR TWO.
The sunshine falls on the window sill
And the day looks in at the open door
rhe kettle sings, and the dear old wife
Goes back and forth o'er the kitchen
floor
With plate and platter, and fork and
spoon.
As every day she is wont to do,
And she lays them with a <(uiet grace
On the homely table set for two.
Oh. the bread is like the sea's white spray.
And the cloth is clean as mountain
snows;
From the pantry six if to the kitchen
stove
The dear old wife on her errand goes,
" he morning glories over the porch
All jn a riotous tangle run.
The cat lies curler] asleep on a chair
The old dog blinks at the noonday sun.
Hut the dear old wife is sad to-day
And the morning; hours have seemed so
long,
For her thoughts are of the long ago.
When the old house rang with mirth
and song;
When the red-cheeked boys and merry
girls
Came trooping in through the open door-
Some wander now 'neatli an alien sky.
An<! some will come back no more— no
more.
There are empty chairs against the wall.
And the wide old rooms are strangely
The day is sad. though the sunshine falls
Like sifted gold on the window sill;
And the dear old wife in her quiet way
Does the homely task she is wont to do-
But the tears fall fast as she sadly thinks
of the lonesome table set for two.
i tood Housekeeping.
How a Cuban Drinks Water.
The funniest thing in the lino of drink
ing is to Bee the Cubans imbib.- water'
fn>m a "monkeying." or perone. The
Vl^l. by the way. which is found in .
every lmusp and hotel bnlronm Is a de
light to the foreigner, not only by reason
or its artistic beauty, hut because it
keeps the water coo! in a comparatively
Icelesa country. There are jugs of vary.
Ing shapes and sizes -all of gray clay
molded in quaint design. The common
est are round and slender, with two holes
in each, near the handle, which Is on
top. One hole la perhaps an Uich in diam
eter, through which to pour the water
into the jug. and the other, in a knob
which, marks the place, is not larger than :
the hollow of a goose quill. It Is the i
old story of the hung and the spigot
Filled with water, the jug is hung on a
peg or any convenient projection, in a
spot that is draughty. The currents of
air cause the thick, poroup clay to per
spire, like a patient recovering from
"Santiago fever." and the result is that
the water is rendered cool and whole
some. The Cuban fashion of drinking is
not to touch tho vessel with the lips, but
to open the mouth wide. and. holding the
jug up, to tilt it until a tiny stream tric
kles down the throat, describing h six
inch curve and striking square on the root
of the tongue.— Philadelphia Record.
Another Theory Exploded.
The teacher had b"*-n trying to explain
to tlie class the instantaneousnes.s of
thought. If the term may he used.
"Thought is the quickest thing in the
world," she said.
And turning toward the hmd of the
class, continued, "Clarence Fitzgerald, do
you know of anything quicker than
thought?"
"Yes'm," was the quick reply.
The teacher started and squinted over
her glasses.
"What?" she asked.
"Laffin'."
"Why, Clarence Fitzgerald, what do
you mean?"
"Well," went on the youth, "1 know ut
iB, fer th' other night my pa asked th'
blessin' at supper an' said: 'O, Lord,
bless this meat before us," when they'
wuzn't nothin' on the table but beans 'ii'
tea. 'n' I laffed before I thought."—De
troit Free Press.
600 NEW ORCHIDS FOUND.
Details concerning the successful pros- i
ecution of the search of Sir George King \
and Dr. Robert I'antling of Ainwick for i
orchids in a prolific district of the Hima- !
layas have just reached England. The i
enthusiastic savants, who have been en- !
gaged In the search for several years, I
have discovered and classified almost SOOO i
new species.
They have been particularly fortunate :
in their search In the tropical valleys in
the Slkkim Himalaya, one of the most '
weird and romantic parts of India. There '
they found the beautiful exotic plants
growing everywhere in extraordinary pro- I
fusion and bewildering variety.
The supply of these exquisitely fascin
ating plants will soon be increased, and
the botanical followers of the right hon
orable member for Went Birmingham
will find their growing demand more eas
ily attended to.— London Mail.
CONTROVERSY OF
THE NAVIGATORS
Hodgson and Heilner's
Versions.
- — ♦ —
CONVERSATION WITH SCHLEY
THAT CELEBRATED TURN MADE
BY THE BROOKLYN.
An Investigation Will Be Made by
the Navy Department and the
Whole Santiago Naval
Battle Reviewed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, June 17. -
Official cognizance has been taken by
Secretary Long of the dispute between
Lieutenant Commander A. C. Hodgson,
navigator of the Brooklyn, and Lieuten
ant Commander L. C. Heilner. navigator
of the Texas, during the battle with Cer
vera's fleet, relative to the conversation
alleged to have occurred between Liou
tenani Hodgson and Hear Admiral Schley
in connection with the celebrated turn
made by the armored cruiser.
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson, after
having, it Is asserted, repeated the con
versation he had with Schley, denied that
it ever took place in a lejtter to the ad
miral, lieutenant Commander Heilner
declares that to prove the position of the
Brooklyn at the meeting of t/he board of
navigators appointed to locate the ships
during the battle he repeated the conver
sation in order to confirm the Brooklyn's
position as he claimed it to be.
I understand the Navy Department has
called upon these two officers for an offi
cial explanation of their statements, and
that each officer who was a member of
the Board of Navigators has heen re
quested to inform the department if Lieu
tenant Hodgson made such statements as
alleged. The navy regulations contain
provisions for the discipline of any officer
found guilty of untriithfulness. This Is*
the conversation which Lieutenant Com
mander Hodgson is credited as saying:
Schley— Hard a-port.
Hodgson You mean a-starboard.
Schley— No, I don't: we are near enough
to them (the Spaniards) already.
Hodgson— But we will cut down the
Texas.
Schley— Damn the Texas; let her look
i out for herself.
Secretary Long declined to pay this af
; ternoon whether any charge growing: out
of the difference in the statements made by
Lieutenant Commander Hodgson and
Lieutenant Commander Heilner had been
filed, but it is understood that none has
been filed against Lieutenant Commander
: Heilner at least. In any event the de
! part en determined that the matter was
| now a subject for its action. There is a
disposition in naval circles to believe that
! any court which may grow out of the
controversy will receive testimony on the
j events of the entire battle in order that
the world may know to whom the credit
belongs for the victory.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Free Rural Delivery for the Mail
Service in Several California
Towns — Army Orders.
(WASHINGTON. June .17.— The Post
office Department has directed the estab
lishment of a rural free delivery serv
ice In the following California towns:
Eden Vale, Santa Clara County, one
carrier, route thirty miles; Pomona, I^os
Angeles County, one carrier, route twenty
miles; Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara
County, one carrier, route twenty miles.
Joshua B, Brackett has been appointed
postmaster at Mesa Grande, San Diego
< 'ounty.
Among army orders to-day is one di
recting: Captain J-larlow L.. Street, com
missary of subsistence, United States
Volunteers, to proceed from this city to
San Francisco and report in person to
the commanding general, Department of
California, for temporary duty. Captain
Street is an old California!!, having been
a resident of Sonora for a great many
years. He was appointed captain of the
Capitol Police at the request of former
■Representative Caminetti and previous to
that was in the regular army. He served
throughout the Cuban campaign and last
week was honorably discharged, but the
department reinstated him. and he will
probably be sent to the Philippines.
Private Richard Fleming, Twenty
fourth United States Infantry, Alcatraz
Island, is. upon his own application,
placed upon the retired list, to take effect
upon receipt of this order.
Private Frank S. Bcholl, Troop G, Sixth
United States Cavalry, Vott Riley, Kans.,
is transferred to the Fourth United States
Cavalry. He will be sent to the head
quarters of that regiment. Presidio. San
Francisco, and will report upon his ar
rival to the commanding officer, who will
assign him to a troop which is to take
station in the Philippines.
Private John G. Desmond, Troop If,
Fourth United States Cavalry. Fort Yel
lowstone, Wyoming, is transferred as a
second class' private to the signal corps.
He Will be sent to San Francisco and will
report upon his arrival to the command
ing general, Department of California,
who will furnish lUm transportation to
the Philippine Islands.
Private John Maguth. general service,
recruiting station. 4or>V2 West Depot street,
Knoxville, Term., is transferred to tho
Ninth United States Infantry. He will bo
Bent to Presidio, San Francisco, and will
report upon his arrival to the command
ing officer, who will furnish him trans
portation to the station of his regiment in
the Philippine?.
Private Joseph B. Wahl. Troop B, First
United States Cavalry, Fort Robinso.",
Nebraska, is transferred to the hospital
corps? as a private. He will be sent to
the Presidio, San Francisco, and will re
port upon his arrival at that post to the
commanding officer for duty at the I'nlto]
States general hospital. Private Arthur
C. Fox. hospital corps. Presidio. San
Francisco, will be discharged the service
of the United States by the commanding
officer of his station. Private Charles H
Hank?, hospital corps, now at Camp Mc-
Kinley. Hawaiian Inlands, will he dis
charged the service of the United State*
by the commanding officer of his station
Acting Assistant Surgeon Willis J Ray-
I nor. United States army, is relieved from
: further duty at Fort Logan. Colorado,
i and will report in person to the command
Last Cal!
Are You AM Dome?
Just 11 days left you in which to buy Mackay Furniture — 11
days of bargains such as you'll never see' again, Mackay
quits business July Ist. How do these prices strike you?
Splendid Quality Linoleum at 46c yard.
$7.00 Handsome Tapestry Portieres for $3.50 pair.
Tapestry Carpet Remnants, rug sizes, 45c yard.
Brussels and Irish Point Effect Lace Curtains, $1.15 pair.
Prices smashed on all remaining Hatracks,
Chairs, Tables, Beds and Everything.
Delivery-Wafcon, Horses and Store Fixtures for Sale Cheap.
ALEX. MACKAY & SOIN,
715 Market Street, Near Call Building.
ing officer. Twenty-fifth United States Ip
fantry, for duty, to accompany that regi
ment to the Philippines.
Pensions— California: < irlginal — Alexan
der P. Merrill. Campbell, $8. (ncreasi
Norman Huntoon, Bridgeport, $1" to ?12;
Harmon Pomeroy, Cresceni City, $^ to $10;
John C. Stout. F.cs Angeles, $> to $10.
Original widows, etc. —Jacob Himes, High
Grove, $s.
Oregon: Original— George P. Baker,
Portland. ?6. Increasi -Leonard H. Witt,
Gales <'reek. $C> to JB. •irißinal widow?,
etc.— Mary E. StoesdiU. Canby, 18.
LACK OF COURTESY
SHOWN BY GERMANS
Officers of the Philadelphia Highly
Incensed Over an Incident
at Apia.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jane 17.— The Ameri
can officers of the warship Philadelphia,
In Honolulu when the Warrimoo, which
reached here to-day, sailed, were highly
incensed at the lack of courtesy shown
by the Germans in an unpleasani inci
dent that occurred the day before the
Philadelphia 1. ft Saruoa. Mataafa isked
to see tht> commission and a steam launch
was sent from a German vessel. The
Badger towed cutters from the Porpoise
and Philadelphia t<> a point where it tyok
him <m board, tin- arrangements being
that the party were to he dlstnhu:.'<l in
two cutters, instead the party occupied
a Kayly decorated native launch and \fr*as
towed Immediately behind a German tug.
with the American and Knglish boats
farther astern, After the interview wltn
the commission, on representation of the
English and Americans, the Mataafait< 3
were ordered out <>f the harbor. The
Malietoa people were also offended at th'
prominence given Mataafa by the Ger
mans.
The officers of the British and Ameri
can warships, who have been fraternizing
during the recent trouble i:i Samoa, havi
decided to erect a joint monument to iha
memory of thf English-speaking men
slain in the various engagements. !> is
intended to erect a granite monumi nt
with the names of the British engravP'l
on one nanel and the -Americans on the
other. Surmounting the roll of thr ki'.lo 1
v.ill be British and American flags Inter
twined.
SHERMAN SMITH IN
VAN ALSTYNE'S PLACE
Elected Superintendent of the School
for Incorrigibles at
Whittier.
LOS ANGELES. June 17.- The new
board of trustees, at a meeting held
last night, elected Sherman Smith
superintendent of the Whittier Reform
School in place of Superintendent Van
Alstyne, whose resignation was pre
sorted and accepted. The change will
take place on July 1, Assistant Stip-rii,
tendent Oliver officiating as superin
tendent in the interim.
The tire yesterday caused a loss now
; estimated at $7iiOO. James Clark of
! Pasadena took hia seat on the board
! last night and was appointed a commit
tee of one to superintend the construc
tion of new buildings to take the placo
lof those burned. The current appro
priations fund contains sufficient
i money to cover the cost of the new
| buildings.
BODY RECOVERED
FROM THE RIVER
Miss Mabel Kafitz's Remains Found
Floating in the San
Joaquin.
STOCKTON. June 17.— The body of Miss
Mabel Kafitz. who was drowned in the
disaster which overtook the catamaran
Wave a week ago, was recov< red from the
San Joaquin this morning. The body
came floating down mid Btream and was
intercepted near the county bridge lead-
Ing to Roberts' [stand. The features of
the in. fortunate young lady were recog
nizable and the body was in a fair state of
preservation.
The clothing was in a condition indicat
ing that the Kirl had fought for her life,
but evidently had become entangled In
her skirts. One arm had been put through
the skirt, which had been raised over her
head by the water. Her hat and coat
were prone.
The Coroner took charge«of the remains,
which, after being viewed by a jury, were
delivered to an undertaker designated by
the mother of the deceased.
FALSE REPORT OF
LILIUOKALANI'S DEATH
Hawaiians Mourning the Supposed
Demise of Their Former
Queen.
VICTORIA, B. C. June 17.— Hawaii's
natives are chanting their wierd death
sonps and generally proclaiming their
sorrow, according to ancieni customs, un
der the Impression that Ex-Queen Liliu- i
okalani is dead. The rumor left here hy l
the Miowera on her last sailing, it is said, i
some of the passengers announcing at ■
Honolulu that she had succumbed in New
York to an operation performed for can
cer. As it was to undergo such an ope
ration thai Lilluokalani visited the Btai -.
her people at once accepted the story as
true and assumed mourning. Even the
white population and the press Indorsed
the story as highly probable nnd this fully i
confirmed it in the eyes of the natives.
Pear Maiiam: "Pegamoid ?ays come!
You're wplcome. Chronicle building. No. 6L
VICTORY FOR YNDART.
Declared in Possession of Glen Anne
Ranch.
SANTA BARBARA. June 17.-The Su
preme Court has renrler.fi an lmportani
derision In thf case "f V . Yndart vs. N. C. !
Den et al.. which involves the right of
possession to the Glen Anne ranch, the
largest of its kind in Southern Califor
nia. This ranch was sold under fore
closure sale to 1". Yndart. The judgment !
of foreclosure was appealed. The Su
preme Court modified the judgment. The
defendants then sought to have the sale
set aside, applying to the Superior Court. !
Judge Day refused to set aside the sale, i
The Supreme Court has just affirmed the
judgment of the lower court, establishing
Ynoart's possession to (Jlen Anne.
The hit of the season— oar $20 tnilor
suits. Loewehtbal'i, Mi Market street. •
If we only said one-half of the witty
things that on reflection we feel we might
and ought to have said what clever fel
lows we should be.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t Strengthens
)av! System
4V% Body
£??3 Brain
*£■£% i and Nerves,
C^) I ;
I MAR lAN I WINE)
No other preparation has ever received
so many voluntary testimonials from emi-
nent people as the world-famous Marian)
Wine.
Appetizer
Before Mcnls
Digestive
/ t'tcr Aieals
Tonic
At All Tim.-s
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO., 52 West Fifteenth St., New York City,
will be sent postpaid, book containing portrait!
with Indorsements of Emperors, Empress.
Princes, Cardinals. Archbishops and other in-
terpsting- matter. Mention this paper.
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
Cape Nome, Goiovin,
St. Michael,
Dawson,
AND ALL POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Klpcant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
ANDERSON, Master.
Sailing on TUhSDAY. Jun<* 20th.
at 4 p. m., from Mission-st.
Whan* No. 1.
For passage and rates of freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
139 POST ST., S. F.
GRAND OPf:RA HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN '.32.
Last Night of EL CAPITAN.
TO-MORROW EVENING.
Planquett< 's Delightful Opera.
THE CHIMES of NORMANDY
OUR NEW PRICES:
Entire Orchestra (Reserved) :t."«> and f>Oo
Entire Dress Circle (Reserved) -■>«•
Entire Family Circle (Reserved) 17»<;
Gallery l«>c
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
nest Reserved Seat in the House J£se
Family Circle i Reserved) ■•'><•
Gallery 1 Oe
branch box office Just Inside main entrance
Emporium.
-wr-ia o The tw.'. I ':ir
"*" THE HOW, E REMEDY SfrSSJ
for FEMALE COMIPLAINTS* % Ihcy^o
wr^ng. Fer all these pains, Irrefultritiea end dlfflcoltte* no
remedy on earth C.#i--, ft , hj A Easily applied l>y Udyher-
cqu.'s '.hi farroasw^ailU-KICJ self. Killi-vcR all pain
A'i i SWr?fa in •"<>!'<•• or «)vurl«« In iv minutes.
U | r ! 5t./i^"y.*' ltt ' er ' 1 tlio : r lrits e " 1<1 V'tv'S/.i^^Blj
* 1 /T^lSgßi / the "hole f rar-.r. Ho to, Sure and \*Vii¥
Abnolutely llnrmlc«>'<. One bo cut bo:, will ***'
<jfhp^ 8 T PiitM NO; r> BT ATX DnUGOISTS.
OlUrO ALL "Alii <, mailMm vlein wrapper on receipt
iN 10 TU'pcrlritorn.r?ilonrilc;c.r!ilr- liro1 iro
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
■\V. J. Brvan (two stores), Grant Drug Co., in
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
iv:siT DR JORDAN'S great i
tmisEUM of AMTOim
9 CB 1051!4AEKET:T.tB'..6'.Jift?.h, L.F.:;'., i
\ C^^ The Larfe^t Anatomical Miiinim in the \
A n-Jis*^ Wond w e.ifc..e-ses ur a.<y contracted §
iL SK 959 '''"'ease p.>>liivrlTrurc-.l|.j the olden 7
9 iKaj Speci»li»tontbeCo«it Est. 36years ' 9
i &¥s?* DR. JORDAN -PRIVATE DISEASES i
> J'(§^&a Consultation frcr n-J strirtly private \
f S fl' Tj B I'ontiie Cura in evetycase un;iertakcri. ~7
API '!& Wrlto <<>* Cnok - pniLosoi'iivor A
II J^ * nItIACE « MAILED FREE. iAT
V >>« JO R I),\ S A «'« . 1061 MarkPt St. , R P. V
8 C BDBIH'Q for eitheu ses.
feE PnUPI OThis remedy being in-
-1 ■ ~ jg«.««.«t directly to the
c" &ss& seat of Hiohc diseases
Q - N^ of i !ir *"*" I'e-l/'rimirv1 ' e-l/'rimirv
Mg Urn Organ';. reqnires no
|W| HijS change of flier- Cnre
-S£- 'SES jraaranteed in 1 to »
-liny*. Small plain pack-
<H3 lTT 'B2 "0C a S«- Is .v mail, SI.OO,
\JP tfaP JE^«SLs»old only by
GEO. DAHLDEXDEn ft CO.. Sole Agents.
214 Kcarny ft.. San Franciico. Cat.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^s>*X Original and Only Genuine. A.
Xrj(^-jJ^ l>rn«gist for'(Ti<r)ie«frc Engluh D.a-JInS.
IpMiJp^-Jgftvmohii Brand In K;-d and ■'. 11 uietallic^fcr
Tak — «T>f;«t>o*ii*, scried with h:«o rihboa. Take \S>
7©* iSfe \S L JBo other. Refuse dc7.]cr(A.j nikctitu- V
I' l ~ fff Hint and imitation:. At Praggism, or irid4ti
I C« Jft' In e'.ampo fnr particalars. testimonial} ssd
V'B* EP "Krlle'f *er ta«!!e»," <n (<rftfr, hr -ctnrw
««\. 1/ Hall. 10,000 Tf!tinoßi»l«. /Teat Paper.
> *™"*7 CiMie»ferCs«emlcal Co., Wnrt!«t>n H<ianr<k
ilfi« tT all Local grasps;.. l v ll:!.'_VA.,i'4 7
DR,mMh'YT
qiHIS WBLL-KNOWJS and RBLTABr.KOU}
1 Specialist Nervous, ami Blood Dis-
enses 01 Men only. Hook 011 Private Diseases «nd
Weaknesses of ll en, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patlen tscnredal Home. Terms rensonnhle. Hours o
told«iir:&lllto8:30 ev'gs. Bqixlitrs, 10 to 12. Consul*
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull,oraddresf>
P. IIOSCOI? MrXILTY, 31. D.
20!-^ Kcarny St., Han Francisco. Cal-
Eft ■ ■ ■ A MAC'S inralllble Pli«
Bfl I I i^ C" Cure! Cure ' all cases of
gUP I KB %. blind. bleeding. itching.
| II ST -/\ protruding piles. Cases of
2 ME H B. m years' standing cured by
■ ■IBStBOH^ tingle EOc box.
A. McBOYLE & CO.. Druggists,
504 Washington Street. San Francisco
ffiliSD*. HALL'S RtINViGORATOR
SsfefiwH Five hundred reward for any
?"" •"« case we cannot cure. This secret
\j ■ ■ m remedy stoDs all losses In 2*
jEn KZ hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
lfp Tin ' enc >- Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
*=» 13* Gleet. Fits. Strictures. boat
jKßHjjfel Manhood and all wasting effect*
£„ ,l. 7 -_r of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAI. IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cr.l. Also
for sale at 1073 V* Market st. , S. F. All prlvata
disease* quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
d ff& SEE WHAT IS
2 A SEE WHAT IS
**|P SAID ABOUT
&v ' y ' "tiLD DUTCH" CARPETS,
Absolutely the Best Fabric as a Floor Covering"
Ever Offered— Considering the Cost
Or.or.illy In broad or narrow richly colored KtrlpeF. and modest ground work; quaint and
cA<\\ wh.it you would mil "homely, pretty." Have 1440 ends of warp against 1080 ends,
which Is all that la claims! for the bent waves of Extra Super Ingrain. The QQr*
••O!,D DUTCH" is very heavy, and a yard wide -ACJw
THE SELF OR SOLID aq^
COLORED ZcJG
Are in soft toned olive, cinnamon, dark blue, tan, old gold and mouse color effect*;
oasilj- take the place of wool finings at about quarter, the cost.
•I.l' DUTCH CARPETS ore all made In Philadelphia, are excellent for sanitary pur-
peseu, and ire absolutely moth and flea proof.
In brinclng these new fabrics to your notice, we can only add ' that they have been
used for years in Nets- York, Boston and Philadelphia, giving entire satisfaction.
ART CARPET CO.,
228 POWELL, Near Geary.
WARRANT SWORN
OUT BUT GOODS
NOT RECOVERED
Complaint Against the
Police Department.
E. SCHLETT HAS A GRIEVANCE
IS ANXIOUS TO REGAIN THE
STOLEN PROPERTY.
Reported His Case to the Police But
No Action Has Been Taken to
Secure a Return of the
Goods.
Schletl who Is Ihe proprietor of a
ni>'i; market at 44 Seventh street. Is now
looking for several cleavers, butcher
a handsome P< rsian niK. On
th of March his shop was burglar
ind the above-mentioned articles de
by John Wagner, who Is now safe
- prison walls of San Quentin.
essary procedure to recover the
rled by Schtett. and he Is
minus the tools ■ : his business and
: his humble home.
Polici Department w.is notified of
irq iry soon after its commission.
At the direction of Special Officer O'Day
nstituted and the Btolen
id In the possession of L. ;
dealer In curiosities atid the
iff habiliments of the needy, at r|
Howa ■ - ■ tin bought the stolen
: :.s much of them j
til rary to law . he entered
rug upon his books in
: ;t portiei • . Wh« n request* d
• operty to its lawful owner
ett, who was most anxious to recov
- property, th<n sought the assist
il i »ffli er < >' Day, and the two to
r . v arrant to regain
■ ■:• tolei property. The
uaiT.ii i was issued, and that is all that
was accomplished so far as Schlett was
Hi- is still waiting to welcome
inp-lost knives, cleavers and rug.
t'l'i\ has ii"; reported to him sin' 1 ,- the
swearii . I : the warrant; neither has
hi heard directly from pollct headquarters
- trd to ;he warrant.
"There is something wrong somewhere,"
sniil Schlett yesterday afternoon, "and 1
ihink the ('■■!;■• Department Is at fault.
The warrant v..is sworn out by me in all
<hie form and 1 have not yet received any
goods. The stolen property was Identified
and found In Levitln's place. More than
that, hi had, contrary to the require
ments of the law, an entry upon his books
whirh m;ide a portiere out of a handsome
Persian rug. The pawnbroker who bought
the Roods must have some pull, for my
property has not been returned to me. "i
cannot understand why I have not yet
received any word about it. It looks »as
i; I were never going to recover my prop
erty."
THE CITY ATTORNEY
GIVES HIS OPINIONS
TWO CLAIMS AGAINST BATE
MAN BROS.
There Is No Law to Compel Property
Owners to Pave Acepted
Streets.
City Attorney Lane has submitted to
the Board of Supervisors tils opinion in
the matter of the petition of the. Plastic
Fire Prooi Construction Company, which
sued the cit> for $5000 damages be
cause of the alleged use of Its ao-called
patent fire-proof material in the con
struction of tlit- doors, wiiils ;jnii ceilings
of th<- Hall of .lu>:ic-. Attorney l,an«- ad
vises M^'ii'^i the compromising of thu suit
lor $3500, as the Bateman Brothers, con
tractors for the Hall of Justice, in their
Contract with the rltj :ikiv.-c] to gnar- '
jn tee Immunitj to the citj and count) of
Ban Francisco from BUita or damages re
■• use of pat< i.t devices in |
the construction of t in- work. He also
advises thai the board withhold stu'li sum
from payment to the contractors until ;i
determination "f the present suit has been
j cached.
In the matter of the resolution from the
I- -.i.r.1 . setting forth the necessity of com-'
pelling v speedy completion <>f the work
on the Hall .if Justice, Attorney Lane
says that under tln> contract with the |
man Brothers, the architect is em- j
powered to employ sudi men is may be
i essarj to proceed with the work. This
is allowable under the agreement, which
specifies that if at an> time during the :
currencj oi the contract, the contractor
should not be making proper and reason
able progress with the work, or should be ;
unnecessarily delaying the same, the
architect shall liuv.- the powor to employ
men to do the w.'rk. Under th>- contract
tin Hall Justice was to have b>->-n com- j
pl'-t'-d on or before October 1. 18i»7, but
this time was extended bj the Supervisors
until July i. Is9n. The "\m irk cannot be
completed t>> the latter date. Under the
contract the city may withhold from th<
contractors the sum of Jliio per day for
day after July 1, lKw*. during which j
the work shall remain uncompleted.
With reference to compelling a Bpeedy
< ompletion of street work on accepted
streets in tlje district lying to the ea.st
of Kearny street, the City Attorney says:
"As to the paving of the accepted
■ ets, it is suggested In your reso
lution :h.ii the city mid county pur
poses Imposing upon tho property
owners fronting on such streets one
half of the cost of repaying the same.
I know of no warrant in the law for
such a course. If property owners
lose to make such agreement with
city they ;m responsible therefor
am! cannot complain. But the city
cannot '•.•m-," i such contribution, ft
:s the city's duty to keep accepted
streets open and In repair and to r.
pave when necessary. If the city docs
see Bl to perform this duty f know
'.; no means by which such action can
b< forced."
SOLDIERS FOR MANILA.
Nearly Four Thousand Men Will Sail
This Week.
The transports Zealandia. Pennsylvania.
Sheridan and Valencia will leave San
Francisco this week for the Philipipnes.
These vessels will carry 3S7t! enlisted men
and 213 nfTWrs. The Zealandia fs ex
pected to get away on nex; Thursday
with four companies of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry and 100 recruits, the Pennsylva
nia on next Saturday with the remaining
companies and headquarters of the
; Twenty-fourth, although the Twenty
liftli may have eight of its companies sub
stituted for those of the Twenty-fourth.
The Sheridan is also expected to sail the
s;im<- day as the Pennsylvania and will
earn* two troops of the Fourth Cavalry,
two ' companies of the Fourteenth In
fantry, a signal corps detachment and
1275 recruits. The Shoridan Is to sail on
iirxt Sunday with four companies of the
Twenty-fourth or Twenty-fifth Infantry.
EPWORTH LEAGUERS
WANT A CONVENTION
An Effort Being Made to Have the
Organization Meet Here in 1901.
The Whole State Interested.
The following circular letter la being
out to the hotels and merchants of
this city asking for conditional subscrip
tions. The committee will leave In a few
days for Indianapolis to urge the claims
of California, and our merchants should
leave no stone unturned to secure such
a convention tos this city. A big fight
will be made by other coast cities, but
San Francisco has demonstrated to the
world her ability to care for great con
ventions and should win this prize:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 15, 1899.
1 i~ar Sir At the Epworth League Biennial
International Convention, which is to be held
In the city of Indianapolis, In«i., next month.
an effort will be made to secure the next meet
ing of this Kreat convention for San Francisco
In 1901 a committee of about fifteen will be
in attendance to urtre the claims of the Golden
State. The expenses for preliminary work and
a California exhibit will be met by the local
leagues of this city and Alameda County, but
It is essential to success that the committee
be in position to give assurance that the neces
sary expenses for the convention, amounting
to about $2f..'>">, shall be met by the business
community, Other cities competing have made
the necessary pledge. I>os Angeles is in the
race against Han Francisco, and back of Its
local committee are the Chamber of Commerce
and the business people generally. Denver is
in the same advantageous position. Our San
Francisco committee must be able to make a
showing of financial backing to secure the
prize. »
The coming of this body will mean m con
vention similar to the great Christian Endeavor
gathering of 1597, but In all probability much
larger.
It is expected that 30.G00 or more people will
be in attendance, and such a throng will cer
tainly be helpful to the best Interests of this
city. A committee will call upon you In a few
days for a conditional subscription to assist
in the enterprise, do part of which shall be
payable unless every condition Is met. Kindly
give our representatives an audience. Yours
very respectfully, C. H. PERKINS.
ROBERT HUSBAND.
ABSCONDER FINDLEY
IS RUN TO EARTH
SAN LUIS OBISPO'S EX-TAX COL-
LECTOR HOME AGAIN.
He Was Tracked for Thousands ot
Miles by a Pinkerton Detective
and Taken in Peru.
Among the passengers on the train that
arrived from* the Easi early yesterday
morning were Samuel M. Flndley, the
absconding Treasurer of San Luis Obispo
County; John C. Fraser. one of Pinker
ton's shrewdest detectives, who had cap
tured the embezzler, and Thomas Berry.
auditor of the Fidelity Insurance Com
pany. After stopping an hour at the local
agency of the Pinkertons the trio de
parted on the southern train for San I.uls
< >Ms|>o. where Fintlley will be tried for
stealing the funds that a confiding people
had given Into his keeping. From all that
can b« learned, his defalcation amounted
to about 115,000. Last November Flndley
disappeared, and an investigation showed
that he had taken with him the amount
stated in gold coin. Which direction he
had taken wits a mystery to his tuwns
people, and they were obliged to call upon
his bondsmm to make good the amount
stolen. The Fidelity company at once
secured the services of the Pinkertons and
C. E. Vannatto, the superintendent of the
Pacific department, soon found that the
fugitive hud gone to El Paso, Tex.
Mr. Fraser. superintendent of the. Den
ver department, was put on the trail, and
from that point he was led a merry chose
after the thief. Hack and forth through
Mexico be followed Flndley, who was
blazing his way through Innumerable
cities nnd towns by his lavish expenditure
of money. Sometimes he posed us a de
tective and at otfu-r times as a <'hicago
capitalist seeking an investment for his
spare ca.sh. but all the time he was work
ing his way to the south. In some places
he called himself Mlllt-n and sometimes
Muller, but for all his zigzagging and
aliases the detective kept on his trail.
From Appinwall Flndley made a break
to Peru, and a little later his pursuer was
soon in Lima. One day Ptuser, while sit
ting in a cafe, observed his man enter
and take a seat at a table near by. The
picture furnished the detective was true
to life, and It was an easy task in that
■strange land to get acquainted with the
man. Fraser assumed to be a mining
man. and together the two discussed
schemes by which they could make good
investments; but all the time Fraser took
good caxe to kill any plan that would have
caused Flndley to draw the $800(i from the
bank where he had deposited all that re
mained of his stealings soon after his
advent In Lima. Owing to there being no
extradition treaty between this country
and Peru Fraser was obliged to attach
the money and throw Flndley into jail
iijmn a trumped-up charge. When the
latter found that he could not get at the
money and that there wa.s little hope for
him To get out of Jail for a long time he
concluded to throw up the sponge and
come back with his captor.
The return trip was made by way of
New York and Denver. Flndley had but
little to say, except that during his trav
els he had enjoyed himself and for once
In his life knew the joys of spending
money. From his remarks he will plead
guilty and take such mercy as may be
bestowed upon him by the people he be
trayed, Mr. Berry's mission to the south
ern county Is to attend to the prosecution
of the prisoner. He states that the cap
ture of the fugitive has cost a great deal
of money, but his company does not take
that into consideration and Findley must
suffer a.s a warning to all others for whom
the company Is Purety. ,
A Happy Home Wedding.
Under a bower of rose* Miss Harriet
KlrkpHtrlck. the handsome and accom
plished daughter of ex-Chief of Police
Kirkpatrlck. and Mr. Norman F Hnll
wero married Wednesday evening at the
bride's home, 610 A Octavia street The
ceremony was performed by the Rev Dr
llemphill. The bride was attended by
Miss Ada Renner of Alameda. and the
groom by Oeorge Rentier. After a short
rr-cptlon the happy couple left for the
southern part of the State, where they
will spend their honeymoon. They Intend
to make their home in this city.
St. John's Parish Picnic.
The parishioners nf St. John's parish
(Old St. Mary's College; will picnic at El
Campo next Thursday. June 22. A royal
good time is assured to all who may at
tend by the genial pastor. Rev. P D
Bradv. There will be but one boat, leav
ing the Sausalito ferry at 9:30 a. m. and
returning at sp. m. Adult tickets a)
cents, children 25 c«?nta.
Advances mad* on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899.
PREPARATIONS FOR THE
GATHERING OF CLANSMEN
SCOTTISH THISTLE CLUB WILL
CELEBRATE THE FOUBTH.
A Splendid Programme Arranged for
the Picnic at Shell Mound
Park.
The seventeenth annual gathering and
garni's of the San Francisco Scottish This
tle Club at Shell Mound Park on the
Fourth of July promises not only to b«
the greatest event In the history of th«
club, but the greatest affair of the kind
ever witnessed on this coast. The pro
gramme of events will eclipse all former
efforts. Many new features have been in
troduced and the competition In the va
rious events will be large and spirited.
Two great features will be the mile run
and vaulting. These events will be under
the immediate supervision of the Pacific
Aniat.-ur Athletic: I'nion of the United
States.
A great array of talent is promised from
their ranks. Special elaborate and costly
medals will be awarded the winners in
these events. The contests in the Irish
Jig and reel and cake walk will, likewise,
be very spirited, and will be among the
most attractive features on the pro
gramme. The games will start at 10 a.
m. and continue until 6p. m. In the even
ing a grand patriotic display of fireworks
will be given. Dancing in both pavilions
day and night. The '^officer's tenf will
be'another great feature and will be un
der the supervision of Chieftain John
Smith. Royal Chief John Ross and Re
corder George W. I'aterson will direct the
nani.-s John Donaldson will be official
starter, and W. A. Dawson official Judge.
The hundlcapper will be John blllott of
the P C. A. A. There will be present
upon that occasion representatives from
every society situated in the city and
Vicinity, besides the city officials. Taken
all In "all, the celebration this year will
be great In every sense of the word, and
all who attend are assured a day of rare
sport.
A COWARDLY CHINESE.
Sam Wing Tai, a Laundryman, Want
ed for Striking a Lady on th«
Mouth.
Miss O. I/iebelt. 1032 Leavenworth street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Graham's
court' yesterday for the arrest of Bam
Wing Tai. a Chinese laundryraan, on the
charge ol battery.
On June 7 the Chinese called at Miss
LJebelt'a house for laundry. She accused
him of not bringing some towels and other
articles in the previous washing and they
had a dispute about it. The Chinese lost
his temper and struck Miss Llebelt in the
mouth and paid he would kill her. She
went upstairs and armed herself with a
revolver, and, returning, pointed It at the
Chinese remarking: "Now we will se«
who kills first.' The Chinese grabbed the
bundle of clothing which he was to take
to wash and ran away. He has not been
back since. _
Yesterday's Insolvents.
A. J. Swenson, saloon keeper. Gwln
Mine. Oilaveras County. $1144 75; assets
$li>4 85. Ous Fell, saloon keeper, San
Francisco, $1592 65; no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iTmerits attention
A NEW PREPARATION WHICH CURES
DYSPEPSIA AND STOMACH
. TROUBLE.
Remarkable Curative Properties.
A new remedy, which may revolution-
ize the treatment of stomach troubles,
has recently been placed before the pub-
lic and bears the Indorsement of many
leading physicians and scientific men.
The remedy is not a wonderful secret
discovery. nor a patent medicine, neither I
Is it claimed to cure anything except indi-
gestion and stomach troubles, with which i
nine-tenths of our nation are afflicted.
The remedy is in the form of pleasant
tasting tablets or lozenges containing veg-
etable and fruit essences, pure asceptlc
pepsin (free from animal Impurities), bis-
muth and Golden Heal; they are sold by
druggists general'y under the name of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Many Interesting experiments made
with these tablets show that they pos-
sess remarkable digestive power, one
grain of the active principle being suffi-
cient to thoroughly digest 3000 times Its
own weight of lean meat, eggs, oatmeal
or similar wholesome foods; these tab-
lets do not act on the bowels like after-
dinner pills, nor in fact do they act upon
any particular organ, but the manner in
which they cure all forms of indigestion
Is this: They act entirely upon the food
eaten, digesting It completely, nourishing
' every tissue and nerve in the body; they
' simply perform the work of digestion.
' thus giving the weak stomach rest and
■ assistance sufficient to enable It to re-
' cover Its normal strength. This is the
■ reason so many pretended cures lyive sig-
j nally failed; they do not furnish the diges-
] tive power which is the one thing above
j all others that the stomach of the dys-
I peptic lacks, and unless that lack Is sup-
! plied, it Is waste of time to attempt to
; restore the enfeebled stomach by means
of "tonics," "stomach bitters" and
"pills." No permanent good can result
j from their use.
If the stomach can be rested and as-
, sisted in the work of digestion it will very
soon recover: this Is the secret and the
1 whole secret of the remarkable success
j <'f Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy
! practically unknown a year ago and now
! the must popular, widely used dyspepsia
remedy, everywhere a success secured al-
most entirely on its merits, as it has never
] been extensively advertised.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are now sold
! by druggists everywhere at 50 cts. per
j package; if he hasn't them In stock he
will order them for you from his whole-
sale house. They are made by the F. A.
Stnart Co., chemists, Marshall, Mich..
: who will be pleased to cer>'i information
I and testimonials from every State In the
| Union.
knitJ-inbco.
103 POST ST., NEAR KEARNY, S. F.
p*m Buy From Headquarters.
w BATHING
<SW& Alpaca and QUITO
tßuy From Headquarters.
BATHING
ssr SUITS
JjUlb Sweaters, Jerseys, Etc,
w _.^jpm^m *«»»■ w * knit to order
TkT UNDERWEAR
J In a 6llk. Wool and Linen
-^** — *- Meoh.
Send for Illustrated Catalogue. Free
RW
RADWAVS'B BEADY RKLIKF stood
unrivaled before the public tor M year* ac a
*•*;= R«m«iv. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colo., dor* Throats, Influenza, Bros'
chitla, Pneumonia, r.b*umaUsm. Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain*. Internal!?
(or Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All arurama.
■ — - — ■ ' — — ' — — — ■ — * '
When requested, the Resort* mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR. \
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- |
surpassed: lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS j
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and j
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Baddle Horses j
OVER°V 9 kINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS. .
Physician in attendance; superb climate;
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer ana |
small game plentiful: magnificent drives:
baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into Lake
County. Round trip fare from San Ftb"-isco \
via Hoplu.id. 18: via Oalistoga. 19. I
Hotel and cottage rates. 110 to |14 per ween.
Take 8 F. Jk N. P. Railway to Hopland, or I
8. P. R. R. to Calistoga. For illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CKAiu,
Highland Springs. Lake County. Cal., or see
L. D. CRAIG. Sl6 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on Bale at
Oakland Pioneer Roda Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland. BULLWINKEL.
AHRESS, PEIX & BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St., San Francisco.
are plainly seen from the sun parlor
of HOTEL VENDOME. as the guest
looks toward Mount Hamilton over the
broad exoanse of valley and footh Us
covered with fruit, flowers and flowing
grain. VENDOME Is the pleasure-
se^ker*' home.
GEO. P. BNELL. Mgr.. Ban Jose, Cal.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County: only «H hours from Ban
Francisco and but % miles' staging: waters
noted for meClclnal rtrtuaa; best natural bath ;
la Etate; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho- <
tcgrapher*s . room, telephone, telegraph, dally
Bill and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AN&
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
IS 80 Take Ttburon ferry at 7:10 a. m. or J M
p m. Terms, 12 a day *r |12 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four year*
"ST BYRON HOT SPRINGS I
S^fT You can go as late
£^^* <l( yt\ a? 5:30 p. m. Saturday
,«»*--■ and be in your office on
v «- Monday morning by
4V~ jflSl ' * " :* 5 - A fme tr r T ■
v^cAb^Up '; J it. Address
\v3ffir A. BETTENS, M^p.
<% v ■-&%% Byron H»t Bprligt. C*l . {
VICHY SPRINGS.
THRICE MILES FROM DKIAR. ' MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electrlo water*.
champagne baths. Only place In th* world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tub*. IjCV:1? grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Bprti.t* Accommodations and table
■ rst-olass 3. *- REDEMETER * CO.. Props.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bummer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean - beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truck**, In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees- of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because it
Is clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure
air and pure water. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS, Independence Lake.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GMTOS.
Just opened: new" building; handsome furni-
ture; 50 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric bells and lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFRETE. Proprietor.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN. ROSS
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars' address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Mann County, Cal.
POPE HOUSE.
IDEAL FAMILY RESORT: electric cars to
beach. MRS. A. POPE. Santa Cmz.Cal.
THE HOYA RETREAT BSttttfr JB5
water. Hunting. Magnificent location. Good
cheer and home comforts. Good board, with
all the delicacies of the season. For terms a.l-
-drees MRS. PORTER T. PEABODY. GUroy.
Cal. ■
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles- from Casadero, on stage Una.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Beavl«w, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUBE, 207 Front St.. S. F . for par-
ticular*.
MONTE VIST/%,
In. the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Now open.
Come to the country for the summer. Low
rates. Send for or call at The Traveler office
for Illustrated circulars. THOS. E. MORGAN.
Proprietor. Monte Vista. Dutch Flat, Placer
County. Oa>l.
mENDENHALL (SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above sea;
•tag* connects with train at Ltvermore at 2:15
p. m.; fare from San Francisco, $2 25: rates,
$7 50 to 112 50 per week; half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Llvermore, Cal.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREK DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND. \
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
... (Beswlok. Slsklyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on th* coast.
Climate i perfect. For particular* apply to ED-
SON BROS.. Proprietors.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILT; 7:10 A. M. AND «
a. m. state meets train at Nap* City. AN-
DREF JACKSON, Naps, Soda Springs P. O.
Paso Rjbles Soda — fresh from
bubbling, effervescing spring —
coming up from Nature's drug-
store, compounded and charged
to cure the sick. ■
Paso Robles
Soda Spring.
This sparkling beverage is
served at the table — drink all
you want of it. Puts an edge
on your appetite, aids diges-
tion and promotes nutrition.
Otto E. Never, Prop, City Office,
\ Paso Robles, Cal 636 Market st. \
I FAMOUS
| Gi1r0y .......
| Hot Springs
| CHANGE OF MANAGEMENT.
! R. ROBERTSON, for at th P e ar p a a i s s sot o F s l^in VY XK ce s ars Proprietor and Manager
<^
*
*' The hotel and cottages have been thoroughly
£ renovated — new furniture, beds, carpets, etc. The
* table is the best the market affords. The baths
A
* refitted and improved — competent attendants and
|, masseurs. Grounds and walks beautified.
* TERMS $12.00 AND $14.00 PER WEEK-
% Trains Leave Third and Townsend Streets,
* San Francisco, at 9 a. m. and 2:4-5 p. m.
* CARRIAGES f\T GILROY FOR THE SPRINGS.
* ■ —
* For Illustrated Pamphlets and Special
* Rates by Months and for Families Address
| R. ROBERTSON, Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are I Hotel
and assured V del
Pleasure at Coronado
Send for Pamphlets. Terms. Etc.
Reduced Summer Rates now In Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery St., S. F.
MAKE NO MISTAKE:
SARATOGA SPRINGS are located in
LAKE COUNTY. Take train to UKIAH,
thence toy easy staging through Blue
Lake Pass. The most picturesqus
health resort in California. Round trip
$9 50. Rates— sB.oo. $14 a week.
J. Martens, prop.; city office. 416 Pine st.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April l. Ample accom-
modatlons In Hotel; also In new cottages, just
completed.
nt\¥*&. f\. T. MOORE,
belv;::jf.khl
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs. Glen Ellen,
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
(-room cottages; good boating, ashing and
hunting; finest summer resort and. mineral
water tor all diseases In America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr
C. C. O'Donnell. 1021H Market at., bet. Sixth
and Seventh. San Francisco.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
Ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, $2 SO; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS, Glen wood. C*l.
BLUB LAKES HOTEL
WILL. BJS CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner. - 'th one of the best
table* In the county; 110 to $12 per week. Round
trip. $9 60. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage Address J. WIL ON. Bertha. Lake
County, Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from 8. F., via Tlb-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
111 per week. $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
ente Spring*. Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
HOTEL- BENVENUB
And cottages, Lakeport, Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard; swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors.
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTINO PLACB
In . the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Mount
Veeder, 1100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $< to $10 per
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBKRQ
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, bunting, , bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms.
17. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdal*. Cat.
Free carriage
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
*4 Hours' Ride From Los Anpeles. Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Gatalln»'s won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Oolf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring «t..
Los Angeles, Cal.. or oall on O. W. THOMP-
SON. Agent. 621 Market St.. San Francisco.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Tfel* delightful watering place la located (a
the midst of the Coaat Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and coIA
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water. One «tone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
ticket* at Southern Pacific offices, tlO.
JOHN BPAULDINQ, Proprietor.
nimiAA HOT SPRINGS. — This
UfllsffllVll beautiful summer and
iftllMlaill winter resort. now
I nliniVV owned and managed by
DR. J. PERKAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
of his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles couth of San Francisco, in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and fre* from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and Iron ' springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or invalids or others
remaining more than one month. Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad. thence seven miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip, $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office, 336 Sutter st.. 8. V.
It T ran \ Nice cozy cottages
IL I lift I under the trees;
ODD IHIDO I dining: ' room in
01 nlliUU separate building.
Apply W. G. MITCHELL, Aetna Springs.
Napa Co., or J. H. SIMPSON, I. O. O. F.
building. S. F.
The Place for AD/^TJ A DTV"» * h « MOT-
REST and ORCHARD"™,**.
HEALTH SPRINGS JESS.
** X Al "* J - 1 *""*-» theC. P.R.R.
Plain, Quiet Re-treat; Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Tear
Around Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
116 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
BAMUF.L SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris, Prop., Napa County, Cal. Bar*
cure for dyspepsia. Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. The**
springs are located In Napa County, 20 mile*
east of St Helena. The water is bottled at
th* springs and contains Its own natural gas.
Stage leaves St. Helena.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL. ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture in a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
n r p r e - TOCALOMA. M c-g. IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo- !
dations; reasonable rates: fishing* beautiful
drives to Bear Valley etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND. or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
first floor, 58 Third st. Han Francisco.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer '
borne. : Every modern convenience. In and ,
cut door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal car* o( MRS. |
M. MERRY. Proprietor. ■
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State: the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur- ,
passed; fine 'fishing, and hunting; stage daily I
from Callstoga direct to springs: round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. 110. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring.
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
- Superior accommodations and lowest rates i
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par- i
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffic Dept..
821 Market St.. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum- ;
mer; board or camp cottaees; Sunday excur-
■lons. $1. For circulars address U. a. MAR-
TIN, Camp Taylor. Cal.
FREE CAMPING
Idpal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guernevllle branches of.
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Paclflo
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected,
on account of their easy access to Baa
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guernevllle
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which Is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man In
charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guernevllle. In the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, la
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
vllle branch. The people of the town and
vicinity, under the name ot the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville. offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
section. The Russian River will >•
dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of.
water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Guernevllle, representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
will thow prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from all these points double
dally train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 660 Market st,. Chronicle building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
A table water of exceptional purity
and excellence. — London Lancet.
Wm.Wolff&Co., Pac. Coast Agts.
Mark West Springs,
MOST FICTTTRESQTTE RESORT. VARIETT
of mineral spring, Boda. Sulphur. Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, ghuffleboard. croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip. $3 75. Stage
meets morning trains nnd Sat. eve. FRESE At
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Lark In st.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths; furnished cottages.
Terms, $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL.. Hopland. Cal.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air: free bo; ting on lake;
prices reasonable. $8 to $10 per week; special
rates for families. W. J. McDON^Lu, Man-
ager.
pint CD in— Most beautiful spot In Lake
WAI\L< JDAV County. The mineral springs are
famous for marvelous cures when all els«
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
$10 per week. Fine mads, trout fishing anil
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day; $50 for 12 days from S. F. ; eight
days In valley. Information at the Traveler
Office, 20 Montgomery st. Tickets at th*
Valley Road Office, 321 Market st.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none bettec
in Lake Co.; gas Indoors and out.
- H. WAMBOhP.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. Good country
board. Rates $6 and t~ per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Callstoga. Cal.
VACFIMITF pan Francisco to Chi-
YUoLITII I L«nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare, in either direction, $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent. 19 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch, 6 miles
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home la
the redwoods; running water; abundance or
fruit; good table; terms $6 per week; children
under 10, $3. Address W. CxiANDELL. Santa
Crux. Cal. _^___ - -
EDGEMONT-^-Dellghtful boarding place la
Santa Cruz Mountains; fine accommodations;
lively neighborhood; daily mall; long distance
phone. Patchln P. P.. Santa Clara Co., Cal.
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QT'IEN, Glen Ellen, Sonoma. Co., Cal.
OAK GROVE cottage, Saratoga; newly fur.
nished; good table; Congress Springs water;
team for drives. Address box 6. Saratoga.
11 A ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manza'nlta Villa.
The" Weekly
ot It Publishes the Cream of tb»
J News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
erf ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°S IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
5 The Best >y /'Mining
*j Telegraphic \y/ News That
°\ Service on />v Is Accurate
c* The Coast / \* up to da to
cJ Not a Line of It Sensational
a Not a Line of Not Line of
or Faky, and Not a Line of
q) it Dry or Uninteresting.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Yea?PROBABLY IT WAS MURDER INSTEAD OF SUICIDE.
MRS, PARRY IS
CHARGED WITH
MMtSUUIGHIER
Suspicious Conduct of
Her Relatives.
THEY ASKED NO QUESTIONS
A SIGNIFICANT QUARREL BE
TWEEN HUSBAND AND WIFE.
Her Letter to Friend Harshman Evi
dently the Provocation for a
Fatal Dispute Between
the Couple.
A Coroner's jury r i verdict yes
terday < harging Mrs. Frank Parry with
They believed from the
evidence that she and hor husband quar
reled last Monday evening over a letter
which Mrs. Parry said ■
man and
which her husl
. ; h< r face she
lilm. l'arry died List Thursday from
:I ■ v
.it while h< was try-
Ing t'> take a ] ' ' fi oi" Ills wife
\>. (dentally
■ r his death.
flic cproner and the jury did not be
lieS*e'the dying man's stairrniu because of
the suspicious actions of the wife and
otner relatives of the deceased nd the
.improbable stories which they told. Po
lice Officers Henry L. Folsom; C. .1. Jo
.eenh.'rJ. A. Feeney and J. Fitzgerald told
the jury that they had considerable
trouble in petting into the house'; 107 • ruer
reio street, and that they had found a
disposition on the part of the relatives to
conceal the circumstances attending the
crime. The most important witness at the
inquest was Druggist Charles H. Hammit.
whose st re is at 2000 Market street. Mr.
Hammit swore : hat on the evening of the
shooting Mrs. Parry came to his store
considerably agitated and weeping and
Informed him that her husband had been
shot and thai she wanted Ham mil to at
'tond to his injuries. Upon his Inquiring
the 'cause she plied that . Parry had
slapped her face and then shot himself.
The police officers and others wen told
that the pistol had •en accidentally dis
charged while Parry was trying- to take
the weapon out of her hand.
Mrs. Parry, veiled anil In deep mourn
ing, took the oath in tears, nd fell into a
•lit of weeping at the close of her testi
mony. She said that at supper table she
• had informed her husband that she had
Written a letter addressed to the man
Harsliman. who had been a visitor at he
hous.e anil whom she claimed as a distant
relative, and that she was - tng to send
it to him. Her husband forbade her to do
so, arid they went upstairs. She allowed
him to li.ok at the letter and he tore It
into pieces.
After they had talked the matter over
for about half an hour she remembered
that her stepfather, William Van Valken
burs', wanted hie pistol; which was In the
bureau drawer, where she had placed it
about two weeks before, after cleaning it
at his request. Tolling her husband that
st:>- was going to take the pistol to her
stepfather, who was in the back yard
playing with a pup dog; she took the tire
erm-out of the bureau drawer. Her hus
band remonstrated with her on the
ground that she might hurt herself, but
she replied that there was no fear: that
the had handled guns before. Upon her
refusing to lay down Ihi pistol he seized
hold of it, and before be.cbuld get it away
fruir; her It was discharged; She positive
ly denied that she told Ilammir. or any
body else that tn-r nusband had slapped
ht-r.
'■ ■• iurg, th"
rider for
*wore
• r he
••i. • Mrs. 1..!:.
•■ .
' hand. if. took the
from h. r and v
■
a \'i i: X'^-.ln' nburg. ■- I
mother of .Mrs.
md shortly after}
- her, "Minima.
here; I'm shot.' When she reached
: g on 1
Lpp
■ ird that the
P rry was at
Knight & Hegg
- > be. def en
' to-morrow al
1
■
lam. Sh- . m
shi "itinir.
would
n Imii
Pi
Ocean Water Tub Baths
Mlnsi.
iii wveiiiu .'-irp*'.-. corner .Mission. salt
water direel fr"m ocean.
. «>--■
ATTACKED HER WITH A RACOE
Rose Bradford, a Barbary Coast Char
ter, Brutally Assailed by
Private M. J. Mochel.
Rose Bradford, a ■ 11-knowjn Barbary
Coast character. Is lyiiiK at tho Harbor
Receiving Hospital", suffering from serious
wounds about the head and face which
may result fatally. M J. '•) ichel, a pri
vate of Company E, Eighteenth Regular
Inf.-intry. is under arrest at the Califor
nia-street station, pending further devel
opments in the Injured woman's condi
tion.
Mochel and the Bradford woman were :
drinking in the Campfire saloon on.
Kearny street last niErht. and shortly
siftr-r midnight they became involved In a
heated quarrel; Mochel is said to h;ivo
tirst struck the woman on the head with
:i bottle and then attacked her with a
razor. The Bradford woman, whose real
f.arTK- is Mrs. [da Lowenthal, lost consid
• rahle blood ■■■■:■ ■-!:• arrived at the hos
-I'ita!. and Dr. Ibbon, who attended
her, := rather doubtful of her recovery.
\ Crushincr Blow
' ' >-. :.•! the keeper, "its a hopeless
fhe visitiir. listened to the* demented un
lortunate.
"\Vhi,t is h" Bayinjs?" he asked.
].im i: i." said the keeper.
I!;, unfortunate opened his mouth and
remarked with Rreat rapidity: "Dell.
■dwell; smell; shell; fell, hell: bell, knell!"
, \,!V U in t' I*1 '* world does hf mean by
that inquired the startled visitor.
'Why. v..v 5....," said the keeper, "he
had jUßt'flnished a complete rhyming dic
tionary for war imetP when the blamed
vvar suddenly ended!" Cleveland Plain
Odd Names
Ye Una nmnuK those listed for poll tax
In 1.-- ■ County the names of Kirn Fore
hand, J^pot Gnrrett. Kennedy poteet Con
stance First. Peru Lamb, ' Major New
l.i;m Bilberry, Boutl West. Lum Low
Toss Bell, Lee I-elps, (sre-n Self. Bill Pul
ley. Penny Hlghtower. Bill ■ Finns, Host
Stewart and Lamu KlsselbauKh — Rus
lie 1 Ky.) H<
■ : -' I ''■' Fourth v. Ith < laiifornia
from in ikers ' < "all
fornin Fireworks <'■ ■ "."
'"War," said the gentleman wit] the
sunburned beard and the muddy boots
"war. by grosh. .list puts money in the
pockets of the hip trusts and bond deal
er; that's all it does."
•And makes a demand for horses; cattle
and grain," laid the listener.
"Ob. of course'; 1 ain't savin' but what
war is sometimes a good thing- to arouse
patriotism."— lndianapolis Journal.
MANY AMERICANS
NOW IN LONDON
High Water Mark of
Travel Reached.
BUSINESS ALSO BOOMING
MANY NEW ENTERPRISES HAVE
BEEN FLOATED.
Representatives of Firms in tuc Uni
ted States Invade the English
Field and Are Securing
Much Trade.
1599, by - 1 ■■ Assi ciated Press.
\"[ m »N, June 17.— The tide of A
to Europe was a! high v. : r
mark this week, and ac a result not
are tin- London hotels turnii g
away but visitors aie lucky 11 i
ordinary Three sti unships
which arrived this w< k had from ■•
li: 1 " passengers on board. In fact, on<
ght 1300. Tli.' evening scenes at th«
tels are almost a count- r
part •■! ; ; js'll •!;.• YV ildoi t
and the Savoy in New York. Evei
nerican lif< is r presi ntt d. Besidi ?
the Immense flow of tourists, it is
that mor- American financial enter
pri« ■ - !;.r. ■ ;•■ en float ed ai i more L< i
branches oi American manufacturing
. .,;,,-. rns I ; ish. d i h m Ix -
fore. '1 he influx of Vm< rican commerci il
is a '■>•'. ant sui prise to th< I"-: ■-
ten, who an ■ Ing to i
what American business rivalry m
Entire se< tions ■' • ■ '- here are now
:i:.- ii!
. very line • : : : ■
A promint nt'Jl *ter Iron man
to th< correspondent oi
"The main slgniflcai >uring
• manufacturing firms is that the Ameri
rsclling us here
■ hey ■■■! >■ making theii - - fi om
which they are jraduall reaching
\i ry coui ti y In Eui ope I know of
• -... - ' ■ ■ firm which estab
y h< r< which for a year
md< i take an English ■
whollj '-••■' to Gem
France ai d Russia. Now the concern lias
m Ei -1 alone than it
ran s pnt has !■••< n in
oi to book anothei order foi six
moni ■ -
• has also b< en g< nerallj
agitated by the increase in American im
ports to England, which
• cent during the last ten months.
■ seems iii« !y to
•. - •■• hi t •■ as it becomt s
\ r ii • •■ . rt Johnson of thi
Str> et Flailroad of Brook
lyn haa been investigating electrical
tion pi eel ■ n . and will return hom<
Maj< tii He said,- to a r'<
of the A jsociated Press:
''London is 'Ik 1 greates! field In the
world for the future developmeni of •
trie surface roads. I have mad. only
mi 1 ation here, but shall
in a few weeks, when I expi el :
lughly take up the project. There la
. ;!>! London, In -i f( v • ars, will
afford ;m immense market for American
led ric appliam 1 ils."
!■. 1 onn< ( tion with ; he f< n g
the LOl don < 'ountj ( 'ouncil on
Tuesday ordered Its ommittee to report
on !!.•■ praetieabillt> ol nonstrticting a
ihallow underground railway from \^'- st
ter '•> the Ba nh of England and
ird. "ii a p'rlnci] le similar
tn those of 1 ■
Furniture, Dianoi an'! fr.-ipV.t moved. S!g
nal Transfer O 530 .1 r-: Sutter 411.
SEVENTEEN GOVERNORS
PROMISE TO ATTEND
Sayers Much Encouraged Over the
Prospects of the Anti-Trust
Conference.
AUSTIN, Tex.. June 17.— Governor Say
ers la much encouraged \\i:h the pros
pects <>f a large attendance of Governors
and Attorney Generals ;it the anti-trust
conference to be )• -M in St. Louis Bep
i. mber 20. Up to this time seventeen Gov
ernors hu-ve responded £0 hN Invitation to
..•'•■ml th<- proposed conference. Of thai
number thirteen are outspoken In favor'
of the anti-trust movement, three are
non-committal ;:n<l one Is opposed to anti
trust U : Governor Bayers
a I' tt*r to-day from Governor Rob
ert B. Smith of Montana as follows:
"I heartily Indorse your action in call-
Ing ;> meeting oi the Governors and At
torney Generals ol th< Beveral States and
Territories for thf' purpose of discussing
the subjett of trusts and of State l>'f, r i>':'- ;
don that will tend to do awaj with th-
evil. God being willing, i will be with you
;it thf meeting In September a:.'l 1 will
try to persuade our Attorney General to,
attend.
The replies so fir received by Governor
Sa ci ire about evenly divided between
the Democratic and Republican Govern
"l !-:.
Fine larprf new wnlnui upriprht piano
for 1150 at Mauvais 1 , 769 Market street. •
PACIFIC GROVE PATRIOTISM.
Bunker Hill Day Observed at the
Convention City. ;
PACIFIC GROVE, June 17.— Much j
patriotic enthusiasm marked the ob- ,
servance of Bunker Hill day here. Most
of the business houses and many resi
dences uere elaborately decorated with
red, white and blue bunting. Flags
ere flying from every pole, and the
entire town presented a gala appear
ance. Stanford student! who are here'
attending the summer : : !i n1 and Hop
kins laboratory celebrated the d ij with
a dli tic at Point Lobos, seven miles ,
THE BA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899.
smith of Monterey. A mussel bake was
the chief feature. A patriotic concert
' .- the b.md was held at the bathing
beach in the forenoon, and athletic
contests, Including foot races and bi
cycle races, jumping, throwing the
hammer and shot, tennis and baseball
v;u;,--<. entertained the Uownsp iple
and visitors during the afternoon.
Th< re were patriotic cxc •< ises in th* 5
Assembly Hall in th^ evening, an ad
dress on "Cuba and the Spanish War"
• delivered by Hon. William H-.
Jordan of Francisco.
DARING ROBBERY
IN WEST AUSTRALIA
One Mrm Holds Up Two Bank Clerks
in the Presence of a Number
of Miners.
VANCOUVER, B. C, -Tune 17.— The
ier Warrlmoo brines the following
■ es: A masked man
two hank clerks near Kalgoolie in
\ isti ilia ■■■!)! ly an<i robbi d them
■■•-.. • j w< re taking from a
hank to the mines to pa "(T miners. Thf
f itnessed hy a number of
:• -i • working near th< spot and passing
he road, bui th< robbi r kept tht-m
;,t hay by threatening !•■ shoot. Black
ent after the robber.
I !':•■ coolies are maintaining their
■•'. ..;' crime. Several mur
ders have recently occurred on sugar
lons.
; .. : irable accoHmts of t!i>- drought come
from Central Riverina. There i- j ii" water
and no grass, and absolute misery pre
vails there. Sheep are dying by the
,:'ds. and a large number of crows
and hawks are following up the stock and
g < n i he : ick and dying.
Japanese an I BriUshers fr^m
the pearl shell industry o>\ Thursday
[sland. _
JOHN SHERMAN ILL.
Fears of a Renewal of His Recent At
tack of Pneumonia.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, June 17.— John
g former! S< cretary ol Stati fs
ied i" his i • l -i ; home here, suiTfer
m .: sevi ■• ■ ■ Id. whii h has :'! T -
Ills lv ' ■ i n newal o! t !>>•
attack of pneumonia which pros
wei k^ ago In i 'üba.
tor S ■ n's i old wi s take n while
:stiiiK in a pole-raising at his
June f>. His physicians do n«1 re
sard his condition as serious, but are
mxio ■ ■■ complications because of
his ;'*-'■■ and the fact that !>.- had n<>t
a-hnW ■ his strength after liis re-
Koorev Guilty of Arson
MERCED. June 17.— The 'jury i' 1 thr» K.
J. Mooney -■ to-say returned a ver
ii. • of guiltj of arson in the second de-
L .. • Mooney's store was discovered on
night in March and he was seen
ru! ntng from it. When arrested h<
; in have be< n watching f<>r px-
Br< bugs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>»-93O*®eo®9®©»S'«©©«««o«eo©©9®9»®©9«®©o®*o«©©«e«'©e9®©«a®<B«©©©®©©©©O'
Nearly Every Man Has a Weak Spot. Where is Yours? ;
tiavhig iound that the strength which _ I have made a life-long study of tli^ ]
makes great men comes from our / / ""^^Jf . \ development of physical '
vital force, and that it is the /^"*"Tl ' \ X/^' x **-^\ \ '-A7*\. strength in men. I have i
waste of this vitality which / /\Jm\ i \ lS<^-i v known that'even* man who !
Causes disease, decline yf ~-~*^ < ®- i C^' ?]* liad a "' pP ' de at all '* '
of power and pre- y* /^ V \J N. his make-up wanted <
mature old age, I / / '" K^*''*>f' tO be g °° d 3 '
set about per- / /_ -^— —^ P^—^\ \ \ man p'-vsically !
fecting a means / / Nc^' .'">-^ . >^*~~\ V" arid mentally ]
of restoring \ /J "* . . . '• V* )as he could, (
this great vital X^^^^.-* A »'• and I have {
force. I found it in *> A . < done- all I \
Electricity, which the A \ i- '/ A \ /(T~~^ could to encourage j
greatest men in, the world of \\ «fc I\j'\ V ' M ) L ' him> In niv experience. I <
science now acknowledge to be \ "^Ti'T-. / \~~~^' / found that th ° g^" eatest hindrance ,
the life of us I give this grand \~Vl| ' ) Ml I / to the P erfection of the physical j
force into. the nervous centers for V '/;*, jt'l /\ }j \\'f man was the lack of vitality, the j
hours at a time, and each daily ap- i//'\\\l('A \l/./7 \\ I W/\ \\ weakness of that basis of animal <
pKcat^n adds to the force .of fj/l^^ri^ lif^ vu P 9ll .. v :. hich V ' g ° r Upended, !
vitality until it builds up the nerv- MwJ^JJ^iJ^Q/W Th ' S * cak " esS arises from over "! !
ous system and all the organs M^Wpf^W^^A taxation of the natural powers, <
depending upon it, to a state of v -jH^^g^!^^^^S[. to ° niuch\ mental, study, worn', «
perfection in physical strength. •' IW^^^^^^\ too much work or too. much !
. . • . . : |^fiifv/^^!^\ pleasui:e ' 11] „ i : 1
DO YOU NEED 'MY- HELP?:-' i
This appeal is especially, to men; to men who want to be strong-er, to possess all the vitality that can be held in .
their bodies, to feel youthful,- -ambitious and full of vital energy. 1 'have .the mean?; do you want it? Have you a weak '
spot? What caused it? Tell me this and I will tell you hew to cure it. By the MfLaiigiilin "method, ..which has now.;. cured <
10,000 men of weakness. It removes the. cause and elves back. all the' natural vitality. ■ ' ' ' . .;. *- I
"It clired me of rar{coieeie .and weakness,"' Lfti'lS TOBCAUNA. Auburn. Cal. (
I A r r c f*I!DFC • "Cured me of rheumatism . ap'J kidney, troubl*'. ten years at?o, and I'm still cured." -V
L-./-* E ■■— vUIVLO - - . • ■; j  • ■ . ," , JOHN B. CAREY, 26 South Eighth street. Pan Jose, Cal. <
"Made rr.p feel almost nsstrong a.« when I was a young man. -I'm seventy-three.". WILLIAM C. 'EVANS, Bear Valley. Cal. |
"It did wonders for me." J. D. HOPKINS/ T'kiah. Cal. . ■ . ' • ; . .. ,
CALL AND SEE ME, OR GET MY BOOK, i
You see that the evidence is prow Ins day after day.. It Is ; the right method. It reaches the 1 weak spot and fills it (
full of vital warmth, which is all that you need. It Is a cure for every kind of pain and ache, and ; cannot fail. Call and '
sec my Belt, or send for my book. "Three Classes of Men," which 'ls full of proof and -ha* a description and price list of :
my Dr. fc-anden Electric Belt. Call or direct • . ' " " i
OF! 1£ kl AlflJfl&EftlJllßM 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, office hours-8 a.m. to 10 m. (
H V 4* &• I II I is? IS fi II V SAN FRANCISCO, and ' Sundays. 10 to 1. o'^l
lai IbS] tl6 R*Sy &=i3i^?yF|Ei«l II Oor. Spring end Secoal, Lss Ang*l«3. NEVI2R SOLD IN DRUG STORES. '
CALIFORNIA'S
NATAL SAY TO
BE OBSERVED
Native Sons Prepare
for Celebration.
ARE ORGANIZING FOR WORK
THOSE WHO WILL ARRANGE
ALL THE DETAILS.
The Parlors of Oakland. Alameda and
of Marin County Will Be
Invited to Par
ticipate.
The first meeting of the joint i»th of,
September celebration convention of the
' Native Sons of the Golden West was held
last night in Balboa Hall, Native Sons'
building:, and made the preliminary ar
rangements for the approaching celebra
tion to be held in Santa Cruz. Lewis F. ■
Bylngton of Niantic Parlor was chosen as'
permanent president; H. Schaper of Se
quoia Parlor, vice president; Thomas A.
Heatj rOf Sequoia Parlor, secretary; D. C.
Martin of Stanford Parlor, treasurer.
President Byington was given five days
in which to name the committees that are
to arrange for the celebration.
• .1. E. Hnydcn and 'Thomas I*. Boyd were
, admitted as delegates from Mount Tam
alpais Parlor of San Rafael. '
It was decided that the parlors of Marin
! County, of Alameda and of Oakland be
'invited to take part in the celebration. '
.1 A request from Grand Marshal Costello
! of the Fourth of July parade that .'the San
if! Francisco parlors parade on, the Fourth
i was discussed, and it was decided that it
j be the sense of the convention.- that the
parlpfs should parade. 1 ■ . •
The', following Turned are the delegates
from' parlor? to 'trt§ doily* ntioh: .. " '.
Califolhia No. l - \v. l>. Shea, .J. P.
Doekery, ( '. A. Bolde-maun: •
Pacific Nor. -10— T. P. Martin,, F. R.
Neville, K. ,'. Sum!. ' A ■'' • ■ . .
•Golden .Gate No.' '2!>— Davjd Wilppn, Ed
!J. Barton James J. Bailey: ' '.' '
Mission No. HS— D. B. Bowley, H. A.
I BHay A. S. Groth!-
San Francisco ■ No. 19— O. R. Heverln,
Thomas A. Hearty, K. L. Rittore.
El Dorado No. 52— E. C. Anderson, J. P.
Jewell. .T. C. Martin.
Rincon No. 72— W. C. Foley, .P. F.
Me'rtes, G. W. Korts. . 3 .
Stanford No. 76- D. C. Martin, G. D.
Phillips, J. W. Lewis. • .- .
• Yerha Buena No. 84— F. \\\ Lees, L. J.
Auhert . F. C. Jaeger. . .
Bay City No-. 104— H.-G. W. DinkelspeU.
E. w; Levy, J. M. Liebes"t. ' '
Niantic No. 105 L. F. Byhigton, J. B.
Keenan, F. Mordicai. . •.'•.'
National No. 118 A. U. Vaughan, F. J.
Silve; Charles Hufscfctitfdt; '
Columbia No. 121— F. il- Dunne, P. V.
Long l. Harris. . , ". ' ■ ''■ :'• .
Hesperian No. 137—1* H. Kohn, 11. F.
Shepston, J. R. Roxburgh. ■
Alcatraz No. 145— H.T. Anstro, A. K.
Daggett. A. E. Goetz.
Alcalde No. 134— J.. A. Dovoto, M. Sulli
van, i.. J. U'attson.
South San Francisco No. : 157— E. J.
| Taffe. L. Nonnemann, C. Milly.
Sequoia No. 160 w. P. Johnson, L. C.
I Pistoles!. H. Schaper. -- . .
Precita No. 187- G. N. Van Orden.
• Olympus No. 189— Andrew Mocker, O. C.
Pratt. .1. T. I losgrove. .;,/-
Presidio No. l'.'l— F. T. Finch, E. E.
| Fisher. Phil Werner.
; Marshall No. 202— A. Nickel, 1 " D. Harri-
I son, J. Rose. '
. M i > Xamalpais— E. Ha den, Thom
as P. Boyd :
History of the Loving Cup.
Too loving t-iip is a. Historical ••miiioni.
I In the Middle A.eesat the close of an en
j tertainnvnt the parting guest was pre
j seittcd with drink in a large- bowl,
I just as he was mounting 1 Ma horses It
|. was',' -called flu- ••siiriin) cup,*' Efcm'e
; 0 •■■ - v. lull Lfl'e friendship ' ')• lw. " li-ist
•■(riTrtflrnt -s< was, a : !<>r«»t<-'n>«' >mil "a re-'
| ality tin- drink was poisoned, or perhaps?
"while drinking the guest was murdered.
I These were frequent occurrences among
; Italian nobles; and to put a stop to them
I the clergy Introduced the loving cup,
I which had three handles. . Two for these
were grasped by the host, who drank first
to show that the liquor wa^-jjqt poisoned.:
The giiest then took the cup-by the third.
The host released one handle, the. right
1 hand still holding one, so that he might
help raise the cup and incidentally so
j that his right, hand might be too busy
to draw a sword or dagger. When the
! Riiest had drunk, the host released the
, cup. which was passed to the next one.
The monks in «arly times named this the
"pocula cariiatis,"" or Cup of Love. It
was tilled with wine with a piece of ioa<t
floating therein and circulated from right
to loft around the table. Hence the
phrase "drinking a toast."— Shoe and
Leather Reporter:,
A CITY'S NARROW ESCAPE.
200.000 People Thought the Dahom-
ians Were Going to Kill Them.
Pew books have been written about
Toruba, <<n the <;ulf <>r" Guinea, W sst
Africa. There Is no part of Africa, ex
cepting the Nile Valley, which is so
densely populated, and yet this country
near the sea was hardly known to
white ntvii a few y ,> ago. This fact
gives all the greater Interest to Mis
sionary Stone's book, "in Africa's For
est and Jun«;l'\" just published by the
F. H. Revel! Company, In which he i< -
Bcribes his six years life am m
Yorubans. H-> tells the stbrj ■:
narrow escape of Abeokuta, a citj of
200,000 inhabitants, from destruction by
th^ King- of Dahomey a little vvfiile b(
fore he wa.s shorn <>f his power by the
French.
The Kins of Dahomey advanced
against that great city with a large
army. Including several thousand Am i
zor.s, female warriors who were ;N>ih
inp better than human ti^-rs. Mr.
Stone says that one of their favorite
amusements was to Bee which of them
could first p.-t through a high circle oi
thorns to kiil a helpless prisoner tied to
a stake. Though their limbs vvi r ■
shockingly torn by the thorns, they
thought it excellent sport. One Ama
zon could offer Jin greater insult to an
other than to iMt her "You are nothing
but a man," and only the death of one
or the other could settle the difficulty.
Th"y vvi n- past human feeling and
shedding human blood was their chief
delight.
This large army was able, through
favorable circumstances, to advan< ■
within ton miles of Abeokuta without
being detected. A large forest lies b
tween Dahomey and Absokuta. The
thousands of Dahomians had entered
this forest in single file at many places
and had cut their way through it. step
by step, until they, reached Eshagga, a
suburb ten miles from Abeokuta. They
were a month traveling through th
fofdst; and during this tune wen no
permitted to make any noise that should
distinguish them from a wild animal, if
any one forgot himself and spoke in an
ordinary voice he was instantly slain.
Orders to the men wore gh ■ n in grunts
<>r barks Like those of monkeys. In this
way they made several ir.i!"s a day,
and united all their columns just before
coming out of th< forest ai Bshagga.
A singular custom of the Yorubans
made it easy for them to get into this
populous suburb. When Yorubans go
to war they do not salute any one, and
it is a gross insult for any one to salute
thorn. The DahqmLans came out on the
road between Eshagga and A.beolruta
about dark. If the King had known it
he might easily have destroyed th great
city that night, for the Yorubans were
wholly unprepared, and did not suspect
the enemy's presence. ■ But the- King
thought it unwise to leave 10,000 Yoru
bans in his rear, and therefore deter
mined to destroy Esha°-ga that night
arid assault Abeokuta next day. So his
columns marched toward the suburb,
and those who live there thought the
soldiers were Yorubans on their way to
the war at Ejahway; and as they never
spoke to soldiers on the march they did
not know. the fearful blunder they had
made.
The Dahomians quietly fil< <1 into the
town and encamped in the mark. a
place, the Inhabitants feeling all the
more secure because so ninny soldiers
had come among them. They retired
to rest, little knowing the sword that
vas at tln-ir throats. Soon after the
doomed citj became still the slaughter
began. Nearly 10,000 persons were
killed, only a ft w hundred being spared
to be taken to Dahomey and there of
fered in sacrifice. Everybody else per
ished except one ma:', who, though bad
ly wounded, succeeded in rea< hing Al e
okuta next morning and giving the
alarm. The city was terribly fright
ened but it was found a little later that
tli*- lv>s;ile King had abandoned his
original plan apd hol a Dahomian was
within thirty miles of the City. Ap
parently he was sated with the terrible
slaughter at Eshagga and decided :><
postpone hi? attack on the great city
until the following season. Then the
attack came, but Abeokuta was ready
to defend herself to the utmost, and the
tyrant of Dahomey was repulsed with
heavy foss.— New York Sun.
Yabsley— "What was the coldest weather
you ever saw?
Mudge— l < "i • i ■ i i know. You don't expect
a man to carry a thermometer in his
pockei whrn he is proposing to an heir s
do you?— lndianapolis Journal.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
|^k^^^^(l^A?pr^^M •■ s -.a . # §1 APPROVAL
'^M^^^^^^i r "'^-^! Marvelous appliance and remedies of rare
rjff'^--'^^^^k^^^| power will be sent on trial, without any ad-
-IlKf'^ 1 — 'f^C' l^^" i vance payment, by the foremost Company
W§&> j^';^ "V-^,:'* : t>'~:.< i i n the -world in the treatment of men weak,
£¥^'1 "~^J^MW^^^M broken, discouraged from effects of ex-
■ f''-^^.;!'^^! cesses, -worry, overwork, etc. Happy mar-
& >' fi'il/ll^ll riage secured, complete restoration or devel-
p|'>^s.-./" P^feiJl^^H .opment of all robust conditions.
\S f /^V^^^^^ C. O. D. fraud :no deception; no expos-
v. k^ " X^-^/ 1 ure. Any man writing in good faith may
I spPsk ' obtain full account of this astonishing sys-
| s^/ljfi /j ter - ou iave on T to write your name
f\ Y-'^vS^yJ^ * \ and address in tlie lank f orm below, ctU
y' : :f\k/^\y^C J and address in the blank form below,
' \V /^^^^Tr^ out tne coupon and mail it to the Erie
t'-fV^ IV-^X. V? Medical Co., Buffalo, N. Y.
'fC*'>^ '^fel V.-l ERIE MEDICAL CO.,
Sa*;; # . \e^/^[ r'A 66 NIAGARA ST - BUFFALO, N. Y.
\ N^^> — '- \a':* '.I IJ\ Sirs;— As per statement in San Francisco Call you
\^n*»^ ' 'J\ I^j j may mail to me, under plain letter seal, postage paid,
x^O^Jgj^— — <T IjY % full explanation of your new system of furnishing
g\^s^^ jS*a !' \. I your Appliance and Remedies to reliable men on trial
S -^7 ( %> and approval without expense — no payment to be made
|\. ■/ (*> \ W//, in advance. — no cost of any kind unless treatment
t^^^-^s^- ' A \ „_ •''O proves successful and entirely satisfactory. Also mail
1^ • X v «iitl'iS sealed, free, your new medical book for men,
g^^^fjpSi£^=^isbkjgi=i£: (FILL iN NAME AND ADDRESS IN FULL)
|^^^^^^^^S| (40)
-v~ n , BAII-KOAD TRAVEL.
I *&* SAVE YOUR MONEY MI~~ ~ :
( \A Frnrt % 111 in n«"» m ' soitmkkw pacific cohpaht.
) M.,&? nUlii ':■'«*■-• lJ ** IaUU i Trains lent «• i.ixl arc dv« (o nrrlv« nt
!' , ;■;,;./.*.. You car, get the best All-Woo! il (Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
1 &v&sMlw Suit Made to Order at \ I ■ > ; •
■I Wmw- in 17 nATTTTTTI» 'i " AYE — FROM JUNE 1, 1899. — A - Bniv ;
\ IWtm&ii «i SJ 1 ill JL .'. iJuiifl i 1 7:00 a Benicia, Sufsun and Sacramento.... 5:15p
( / rI»W«?-'' ■ I 1 ?:OOa Maryorillc Orovill.jai:(i Uni.ling via
( / W&-7? If you wart a s t-c : ass, il Wootlland 3:45p
) W§i we.l-.tuncrsu^ot ClOthtS ( V:ao A Martinez. Sanltamon.Vallejo.Napa,
) S&fe'i from $20 to $40 go to n CaUstoga and Santa Rosa B:ir»p
i SrtJM i/->.r^ i-»y^iiT— <■• I ! 8:00 a Atlantic lixpress, (>t'dcn and Baas.. Sil-lr
'i k%*; JOE POHFIIVI i' 1 »'»«» San .lose, LiTermcre. Htocktmi.
i "Vfß Fine Clothes at 25 per il llnrjsTlllc. Chioo. lteilllluff.^-... <til.ii«
*A .-_. | p ,r thin pl-*>wh?rp 'l «=»Oa 'Mi.fon, Oal.-IHU-nnd :-onora 4:li\p
, >J cent les than el.ewhere. , «j : ooa Haywards. Miles and Way Stations. 11*48*
1 201-203 Mnnt^^mery St., Cor. Bush. ( i 0:OOa Martin??. Ttccy. Lathrop, .Stockton.
1 : I!IP-!JI<> Mnrkf-t St s F < Merced and Vrcsno ; 12:15p
lll^ ' ' ZJ^J^XJ^^J^S^ ' 0:OOa I'"""". Ualasslielrt. Bauta Barbara.
' ~~ ' ' ' NewOrlo2iiBandKast MM
r „ v ,,.,- 1O:OOa Vallcjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:l."ip
Ol1 ' • NL * V 1 1 :0«.\ Haj-warila. Nilcs and Way Stations. 8:13p
■BUT *^ /~l ■? _ f* X • __ 12;00m Kilcs, LivcrEore, BtocUton, Hacra-
r^VSPll^f^i^ *L-< I 1 sTs> mrnto, Mendota, llanford, Visalia,
does VOT "l:OOp Sacramento *h:OOp
V"^ " x „^ w 3:o(>p Uayivards, Nileß and Way Stations. 0:43p
OT TY^ f\!Tb /HO ! 11 4:«Oi- Martine?:, Kan Itaiiion, Vallojo,
ST il™* UK Ts> T Til «»«M»r lfartiuex, San Bamon, Vallejo, »«13*
I P llrC B?HSr^ »apa.Caliatoga.Biuitalloßa o*l3*
Ijll Vil VlLll • 4:0»r Btnicia. Vaoaville. Haorauieiito,
•" •-. •-'•■"-■■- . . Wood and, KuiGlits Lanuiufc',
Can be attached to any old pr.ir for ..0 cents. MarysTUls, Ororiile 10:15*
Bausch .-. Lomb Zelss Stereo.' Field ... 4:.;(>r Nile? San Jose and Stockton 7:15p
Eastman Kodaks and graphic Supplies. -3 :30p Yosemito Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15?
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on 3;OOpThc Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakcrs-
premises. Quick repairing. Phone Main 10. field, Hancus tor Santa Barbara,
. _, m /* s% Los Angeles. 9:45 a
ffo Jr // f\'/7 5:30r Stockton, Merced, I'resno 13:13?
*/*■* fr / / JhT/"! J'l/Y2n&.4'fl/?r\ SiSOp Martinez, Xrecy, Mcndota, Fresno,
ffwm^Mi^m ss:jop H d%sihßzk^ 8s " A
OPTICIANS^ TSfiPriICAFPMPvATUS « ! o< >l for Mojaro m.l Kast BU aKa 9 t:::; 5311
Ur*! iCSniXCi pKnTOi<^ CncuTicir ' OiOOr Kiiropeun Mail, tlgdcn and Hast.... »:ISa
r**r> .i <iuiwt OCitHTIPIC > O:OOp HarTOrds, Niles ond Sin Jose 7:48 a,
n4/ MfIRUFT ,lT INGTRUMI^TS •»:0»pVallojo Nfles and Btn Jose 12:l»p
4/ MfIPUFT Si iNGTRUyE^Ti I '«*«<»PVariejo 18:I5p
Un-t l*iHMr\t I 01. '"^ |.^.V~, fc .~.!. • ?:«!>p«)rcfroiii:irroßS.Sacraincnto. Marjs-
IMBtA CNOmCIS r.inir-i-t. '.ill", lidding, I'ortlainl, I'uget
Sound nml l.nit .: 7:41 a.
J.StO«r Vallsjo, Port Coata and Way bta-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, **"" »Oia«t>
KEAICNEX AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE- j COAST hi VISION (N:irroir (inugc).
modeled nnd renovated. KING, WARD A (Foot of Market Street.)
CO. Kuroiean plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day, !  ,_ — r — — — = : ; »
\l> to tb week; JS to $30 month. Free baths; hot ' l' :l:i * Santa Cruz txeurs on for banta
and colt! water every room; fire eratea !u every i B,_ w Cruz 'i 1?' 1 .^V^ 1 "** StaUous JS:«S»
room; elevator runs all nl B ht. B:loA^e^^arlc,^;onte^T^lle.banJcee,Felton,
m BouldsrCrcclc.SantaOruzandWay
— — ' -'•— - ■— ■ ■ - Stations OiSOF
T»ATTT>r»AT» t-b a ttttt 2:15p Newark, Centerrlllo, San Jose, New
KAILROAD TRAVEL. Almaden, Fatten, Boulder Creek,
. — -■ ~ -_^ Santa Cruz and Principal Way
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO. 4:laps S:^iSiM^|S^
LESSEE 64:I5pFelton, Santa Cruz' and Way Sta-
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC creek route ferry' 9 " 0 '
RAILWAY COMPANY. , Unttn ROU ' L FERRY -
Tibu,on F-rrv Fo-itoi *U»*of St. | from SAN FRIKCICCO— Foct oo r Uirket Street (£!:j 8)—
I iburon f,rry, t-oot ot Market fat. . 7:]6 0;00 11:00 . a> j I:C3 '. 2 f 00 ' j 3 . C j
BAN i'RANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. *4:CO +5:30 •G:oo.\-.
WEEK L>A\'ti— 7:3o, 9:00, 11. a. m. ; 12:33* ; Jroai OAET.AHD — Fool of BrG.iiU.nj.— "fi:00 8:00 10:O0a.u.
1:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trla , 112:00 '1:30 12.09 '3-03 ti:CO "JOOi'M
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:& ' — —
aim 11:30 p. in. i COAST hi VISION' (Droad Gauge).
SUNDAYS— B:BO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30. • (Third -Mid Ton n3c:.l St 3.)
SAN' 2 RAFAEL,'TO SAN FRANCISCO. ] *«='»^ Ocean View, Hotitb ban i;raacisop.. »6:aop
WEEK DATS— 7:50. 9: JO, 11:10 a. m.; 12:«, ■ •'=»«* *»» • 10 -° ami JVay Stations (.New
?:^an : i 5 C^p ra -m SatUrdayS tnDS * tT^S^afrx^^^^Jose; ll3 °'
BUkD^YS-a:^ 9:40. 11:1 ° a. m : imO. >:«, 6:oa. | Sipa^ySons^:. 0 ..^ :»:3,p
Bet^en San Francisco and 3chuetzen Park ° l 0"* Ba^° c <s & >- -^ 'sin
rame schedule c 3 aboxe. ]|lia (>])ißpo (!ua dalurc, .Surf S3
I cave Arrive Prinetpal Waj Stations 4:lOp
fia-i Vra-ifl^eo In Effect San Fmnrli™. ' !•»!•* Ban .loan and Way SUtiona •S:OO*
Baa>ra.ict«v.o. "K"^* San Franclnco. I I:8Oa Hau Jnso au.l Way HtaMons »:»O»
V.'eek Sun- :.1»99; ' Sun- Week ' *a:4opBnii Mateo. i:edwoo<|, Mcnlo Park.
i!!!l day. Destlnauon. days. Day.
7:30 am S:ooair.l Novato, 10r40 am 8:10 an» B . aliDas M «>a'ercy and I>ttcllic -- .
1:30 pin 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 oS ! ' :i:: " >p Sau'"o°oandAvVvSVnlloMV 'd-ooa
6.10 pm S.OOpm Santa U-.sa. l.^j,m 6:20 pro MaapSan.Tosoaml Principal Way Stations 9:-15*
" - r,,], r, " *3:OOp San Josoand Principal Way Stations C:3oa
. „. .{. ul^ on .... s:3«pBai).losoaii(l Principal Way .Stations "SrS.l*
T:3oam Windsor 10:25 am 6: SOp San Jose aud Way Stations 7:505
L- u.n <Hi43i- San Jose Way 5tati0n5......... ?:JOp
Geyservllle, A for Morning. I' for Afternoon. *
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pro * Sunday oicepted. t Sunaay only. f Saturday only.
-| . .!_Z 65faturd;y end Sunday. /Snnday Monday.
7:30 am j Hopland and - 10:25 an» i . — - — — : : .
J:SO pm] S:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm (
T^lZZ^'^Z = I « OBTH PACiFIC COAST RAILROAD.
3:30 pm 6:20 pr» I Via GaajwlSto F«rr».
1 ■ 1 ! Commea Ins April 23. jsjJ.
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:10 am 8:40 ana FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO .MILL. VALLEY
and AND SAN RAFAEL.
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. *S:00, 3:30, 11:00 a. m.
■ 1 i 1 > '1:45. 3:20. 4:00, 5:15, '6:00, 6:30 p. m.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
1:30 pm 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pm 6:25 pal Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
~"Z — ; — 7~Z r; 7~ — r ""„". — " i and Sunday?, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
Sta es connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West j SCXDAYS- *9-00 •1000 11-00 ll'3O
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa aln . 1 . 00 * i:i s *2-zn '•4 > :00, 5:30' 6:45 m '
for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for ' Skagga • n . M a n do^ not run to an r:a ,-i Sundays.
Strings: at CloverdsOe-for the Geysers; at Hop- 6:30 pm . doos not run to Mill Val'y Sundays,
iar.a for Puncin Springs. Highland Springs. Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
K'-lrr-yvlllr-. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake- FROil SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
port ana Bartlett bprlpgs; nt I k!ah for Vichy WEEK DAYS— .':2S, •<»:40. 7:55, S:10. "10:89
BprinßS. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes; Laurel a m • '12 30 t:K *3-40 4:35 5:15 p m
Dell Lake, Witter i Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. , EXTBA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
Hotter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley-s. ; and Saturdays, at '6:4o and 10:15 p. m.
Buckr.ell's. Sanhedrln Hpipht?, Ilullvllle, 1 SX'XDAYS— 7:OO, *S:00 *' 45, •10:45, •11-4>
Boonrville, Philo. Christine. Soda Springs, ' m .; 1:00, 2:20. »3:30, *5:15, *6:00. 7:00, 10:13
Navarro. Whltesboro, Albion. Little River, | p ' m
Orr's'Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Brass. , 'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonville. Cum- I from MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
ming's, Boll's Springs. Harris. Owen's, Dysr. WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:53, 8:55. 10:35
Beot'a and Eureka. 'am.: 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at }' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
reduced rates. and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points SUNDAYS— 10:00, .. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:03,
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . ■ ' i-oq 2:40 3:."." 5:20. *:3p] 10:20 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
Ticket Ofrk-efi, 650 Market St., Chronirle bids. 7-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
H C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN, 3:"0 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
General Menaner. Gen. Pass. Agent. | s:i; p. m week days (Saturdays excepted;—
— •- — : — — ' * : v • Point Reyes and way stations. .
[ S:00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero ,in,l way sta'ns.
£> ' 4 s~ |T«k -^ I 1:45 p. m". Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
Santa Fe Route ! THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN —
San Francisco to Chicago. ' VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS i - «°-'-"'"±J . " L^SlL^i,
Pa»?en- Mixed. Mixed. Passes*
THE CONTINENT. ' Sir. Sunday Stations. Sunday per.
■ •■ • . Bally. Exc'ptd |Exe'ptd Dally.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN : - 1™ am 10:2? am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pn»
„,,■.,:..; .,".■'•} roimtoTForn ' ■ »:ICam2:«pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
PALACE- AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED 10:40 am 5:35 pmi Fresno' 9:80 am 2:42 pra
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE U;3S ami 7:45 pm Hanford 7:43 am 1:45 pn»
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE 8:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 ara 11:00 ana
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M. 11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla ' 8:40 ami 1:22 pm
. 12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare E:5O am 1:05 pra
DIKING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. "stopping at Intermediate points as required.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN ror particulars of stage arid other connection;
EVERY* DETAIL sepvixg ME A.LS at . Inquire at Traffic Manager's Olflce. 821 MarkM
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE %tre«t. - Ban Francisco. _ _ _
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE wn " *** _
UATES- MOUiNT TAMAL.PAIB SCENIC RAILWAy
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- S L %^TnZT£v™^ SrtPa* £?*'
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE. WEEKDAYS. Ma m. and 1:45 p m.
. , Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 62S (Jay at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
■ MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531. BT . Ings,. Arriving la S. F. at 11:20 p. m. ,
OAKLAND OFFICE. JUS Broadway:  ; . SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10^ and 11 g. m. and 1:45. 2 :J »
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street. Fnre _ S- F to summit and Return. $140.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street j THOS. COOK & EON, Agets.. 621 Market at. •
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
siNESS «.u-i-i<.t. oi im .--an i rancisoo
Call, corner of Market and Third ;<;:--et5, open
until 12 o'clock -very night In th.? year.
13RANCH OFFICES— « 37 Monti mery street.
corner Clay: or*n until 3:3 > o'clock.'
>7 llo.voh >trer?t; open until i:."-i o'clock.
Tg>j McAllister street: open until 9:Zi o'clock.
61a LarKlu street: open until ... ■ o'clock.
;:•<; Mission street; open until 1(1 o'.-inck.
E261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
gift? Kieventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
';:■'!■'• Mission i.tr«!et: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner ot Twenty-second and Ken-
rut/not NOTICES.
, i Ai ltij:'SfhANci»s' Sabbath Home
J A Km) Howard St.'.Methodlst-Eplscopal '
6 i-huich Bo:. ?j &\1 Sts; .-.,.,.,
« {: P'v. Dr. Join A B. Wilson, J'asto- .
ifri j l'j t Rf».' by the Church. Tel. Black 90. :
Sfct/vrftM nn mfortai>leseat t i
lii." *>-ii^ A I lureous trr-etirfr [ Await you |
;6J A| !«i ViUrJi.il «elcotr« ' '■
r M< R'i!'"'"^' : - " "' • "■■"'■r What and for i
tti'fflßM.£ uvh " ln li: tho (: '!'"'»-" ":30. :
't--PPfti ' ! : M '•"'''■''• s'' ■'"• sermon, on "The ;
ft i}W2}' i With '.h» Hoc Refore and I.
After IteKef Was Found." letters of li>>) j
words read from workingmen ..n why they i
•in nut attend church. Young people's rally, j
f::-.. Thursday, between il a. iii. and 2 i>.
in.. !ad!.»H will »erve luncheon. Tickets -sc.
Cine. 10M wsnted. i
iH.vi: M. '".. iTiUi.h. cor. Capp and Twenty- I
tirst <iy.- R-\. .1. N. Beard, !>.!>.. i>;istor. !
Preaching st il a. m. by the pastor. Sunday •
i-fchool <•>'_ J.:3^ p. :i:. ; J..<;. Sanchez, sup«-r- i
ititendc-nt; Class nnd consecration m>*etlne at I
• ■•■'.-• i> m. 1 : James Rcnwlck; leader. 7:45 p. m., ;
ricVi.-hin* by th..« pastor: subject. "The .
' •••r--h and ....... Capital rTrusts).& I ■
June 25. 7:45 p. pi. 1 : "The Church and Com- j :
• it!"n of l.«l>-.r 'Labor - ; ns)." All are |
linlly Invltrd. Seats free.
RIMPSi>N Memorial Methodist Episcopal!]
Church; ciir Hayes ami Buchanan y-ts. -Rev. .
john Stephens, pastor; residence, 303 Halght
pt. Preaching at II a; m. an.! 7:43 p. m. The i
paMor wil! preach at !>.-th ser-.j.-et-. Topic at j
\) a '.i.. -Holil V-'H>t." At 7:43 p. m.. "The !
Ci!> nnd the Church." Sunday school at IS:3<j
p. Hi ; C. U Perkins; superintendent. Ep- I
worth I>ague ineetfng a; G:3O p. in. Prayer: '
nv-tirii; Wednesday evening at 7:45. Tbe [
public riirdiully invited to all the services ..f j
ihis chun h. Scats free. Ushers In' attend- '■. '
ance. I
CKNTRAL Methodic Episcopal Church. Mis- j
sion st" bet. sixth and Seventh— l'r. Charles ;
Edward I^.'ke, past->r. *riass meeting* at 9:30 :
h. in. nnd iL':;:> p. m. At ill :t. m."; sermon liy i
R»v. Dr. Roberl Mackensle, pusfor Flr#t j
Presbyteriun Ch:irC-h. Sunday school at 1 p. ;
m : R. V. Watt, superintendent. Christian j
Endeavor S.-ici<-ty. '■ p. in. At 7:15 p. in. Dr. !
!. .ck.- will preacfi In th- Metropolitan Tem- j ',
;\t>. l-'ifth St.' near Market; subject. "C,..!! |
:n our blarly National History." appropriate!
-. Bunker Hill l>.iy. Seats fi-e. All cor-]
'.Hhllv »:i\ited. V.l.l'Aeek p:-i;.''r service
Wednesday evenirs.
CALVARY Presbyterian Chur.-h. cor. Powell!
and fieai-y sts.'— Rev. John Hemphill; D.D., ;
past.T. Services :tt 11 a. in. and 7:45 p. m:
Topic evening. "Noise from Heaven Heard on I
Earth." Musi.-, morning— Anthem, '• Rejoice i
the Heart.: (Southard); solos and quartet: ,
offertory; '.'Come Into Him" (Faure); duet.lj,'
tenor and !>;iss. livening service— Antht-m. I
■Like :is a Father" (Hatton); offertory..
".-Savior Breathe an Eveninit Blessing" ;
h;. . nid); soprano Eolo r.ud quartet; Ail are
cordially invited.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church, Oak and Bn- j
ker sts (Panhandle Golden Date Park)— Su- !
daj school at :>:3» a. m. Rev. Frank N. 1 .. ■'■■- j
lev will preach at 11 a. m. on "How Shall Wo j
Treal the Neighbor?'.; Also il 7:45 p. in., on ,
"H"\\ Shall We treat Christ?',' Christian I
Endeavor meeting ;it fi:4j. Wednesday even- j
inn prayer meeting at 7:45. Rev. J. S. •
Thomas, pastor-elect. Is expected to arrive j
during the week .-m.i to preach Sunda> next, j
June ;'V _ I
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Cliuix-h, California ;
■>•• ■ .t'-:;i\i:' sts.— I'reacliing niorniiii; and :
evening by Rev. S. U. Weller. D.lv Morn- j
mn subject. "Pissint; Through S/imarta." ;
E\enitiK. "Almost Succeeding." ;'
cj PAUL'S Church. Callfurnia st.. nmr i ■
.<:. i:. r-llo.tor. Rev. W. Muxweli X.illy. ,
Hi lv communion, 7:.'>. a: m. Sunday school,
..,'., .„ Mornins service and M-rmvii b>
tin- r.ct.u. !1 o'clock. Evening service and!
THK First L'nltarlan Churchi southwest corner !
fSearj nnd Franklin sts. -R-v. Dr. Stebbin.-..
minister emerini«: Itev; Stoprord W. Brooke.
'liinist'-r pro tern. and superintendent of Sun- .
day school. Tli • Sunday schuul is at 10
o'clock; Tlie morning service is: at II o'clock: j
Mr Brooke "ill occupy the pulpit: Subject ■
of sermon, "•'-iico and Ye- a Sword:V All are ,
• ••ii.-uly Invited. There Is no evening ser- j
\ Ice. _ i
FIRST Congregational Church, .■■■:■. Post and ,
\!;i-.n sts.— Rev. ....... '. Adams. I.D. ;
pastor will pre^.-ii morning and evening; 11
a in theme, "Hunger^: 7:4.1 p. m;. "Sin Is ;
:■ Reality.', 1 All are cordialll Invited. i .
FIRST i::iit!~' Church, Eddy st.. near Jones— j
'.'. a. Witods, D.D.V pastor; residence, 2130
Van Ness aye. Prenchlnc at 11 a. m. Rnd 1
7:45 p. m. Mornins subject. "The Whole |
Duty of Man." Evenins BußJect. L'Matthew ;
I Gospt'l.fl with prelude on Mohammedanism, ■
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist; Central i
;■'■ ■•■!;. 223 Sutler >-■!.. bet; Kearny and Grant I
ave.-rChrlstlan Science Bible lesson. 11 a. m.: j :
subject. "Is ihe Universe. Including Man. :
Kvrlvtil by Atomic Force?" Sunday school,
f. r children at the same hour. Wednesday
evening meetina at 8 o'clock. All nr.- wel- ! J
j '■ ! - ; "- .__ |
REOR<;ANIZF.D Church of Jesus Christ. 3-1 j
}-!-t st.— Preaching. 11 a. m. .md 7:45 p. ni. ;
This church «.i« organized by command of j '
(i.,,i to preach the everlasting gospel; Reve- i J
latlom>. xiv:>i-7. fir- ;i .Sign. 'l Matthew xxiv:l4.
In the "'eleventh hour." In the "dispensation I
.:" the fullness of times." All -welcome. !',
Str.ircors invited to Investigate.
NEW Jerusalem Church (SwrdenborglanK IC26'i
oFarr-11 st.— The pastor. Rev. D. V. Bowen. j '
will preach ,-v 11 a. in. Text. "Ye Shall Sp..ii j
the Egyptians." Free library <>f new church j
. •■•■•■ ks - ' ;
THK First Divine Science Church-rM. E. Cra- •";
mer. r.n^tor. I>iscourse at 11 a. m. : subject. '.
•I Sr ( i<ef,,re You the Way of Llfe.V Ser-
vices every Sunday in Yosemlte Hall, Native |
Sons' building. Mri-^on st., between Geary and i
Port; Take elevator. i J
SAf'RKD concert Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock
in the association auditorium, corner M;..5..!i
and Kllis sts.. Riven by A. A. I'aiikln and a I '
quartet composed of Miss Merrihew, Miss
Rosin. Harold Preston and Hugh Willlamsor.;
all from St. Paul's Church choir. Admission '
free. Men only.
SPF.CIAL gospel mc.-tinprs at The Hall. II City i
Hall square, near Market yt.. Sunday. Tues- i
day. Wednesday, Thursday and Friday even-
Ings at S o'clock, il. A. IRONSIDE, evange- i
'i!-t.
rilK Theosr.piii.nl Society— '.'Moral Evolution.'^ ■■
Popular lecture to-nlsht at s o'clock. Odd '
Fellows' building, corner Seventh nnd Market 1
Fts. Thposorht'-al Sunday school, n a. m. i
Headquarters sstiu- building. Llhrarj" open !
daily. " j
1 M\ I KSAI BKO I HKRHOOI). . :
Till: Theosophical Society In • I— Lecture j :
to-night. "Occull Astronomy." by Dr. '"Jrif- '
nths: International Brotherhood League Tues- !
da;, niuht: subject, of Children." !
Academy ..f Scifn.-1-.y lnii'..ll'ig J M' 1 Market st. | ■
SI. MI AY MEKTIXCS.
FREE lecture .->ri "Vi<;J Science. or 'The j
Essentials of Life and Health. Physical nnd I
Spiritual,- hy Dr. .!. Depew KeiK.in. of Drs. '
K. <\V X.'s Electric Sanitarium; this even- '
mc at S o'clock, at Crystal Hall. Pythian'
Castle. 909 Mj.rU'-t st.. followed by matin I fi- ' '
cant views ..;■ [ndia and the Vale ..f Casli- |
nif-re. Those attending this lecture may pro- I*
<-.n- free tick-is to the wonderful X-ray
exhibit!.. n at th<* sanitarium on Tuesday
evening next. '
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualist^ Occi- ;
dental Hall, corner Larkin, and McAllister.
sts.. Sunday. June 18. at ':?,<) p. in. -Speaker, •
Mrs. 11. S. L, 'I:- Subjc-t. "is Ther.- Any- ' ■
thing Unnatural or Supernatural In the i
Spiritual or Material." Admission free. |
JOHN SLATER, the acknowledged world's '
greatest platform test medium: rand test ' '
seance to-nlKht. Scottish Hall. 1.,5 Larkin St.,
at *:15 sharp; all who fire seekers after living
truths should attend: admission 10c. :
AT DR. RINF.S' Spiritual SocJety. ■■ 3 Market
st.. 11-3. 8-10, \f'<-: Mrs. Bird. Keeley; Vigers '
Gilllngham. Doctor's uflice, 1236 Market stT; '
m to 5; <-ir. le Fi-!da\-, S p. m. ; Tuesday, I2^s I
Howard >'... s p. m.
THEOSOPHICAIi Society In America— Cilum- i
b!an building. :<!<• Market st.. room r.O: fre» |
r«-:iding room nnd library: piibli.- meeting •
Tiiursday, S p. m.: subject, "What Const!- i
tutes hii Authority."
MR EBF.RHARDT 'wiil h->td her first sneet^J
Ing in hi new hali, Temple of Truth, to- I
r;!t.'ht. 3250 Twentyrsocond st., between Mi«. i
M"ii n.v.t\ Valencia; fi'.o'l music; admass ■:■ lie. '
LARKIN. 117—15. S. (iARRISO.V will expluin'
and demonstrate platform tests; also physical !
phenomena. • : j
MMR. YOUNG'S ! convincing te«t circle to^
niphr, 100. (503 McAllister St.: <-..in." like pi - i
MRS. S. SKIP, readings reduced )o z*t; .-;r. !
evenings, except Saturday. 10c. f2l Market. j
MEDIUMS' Association, Occidental Hall; .?'.'"■ j
Larkin, Wednesday evening; spirit messages. !
MRS. [LAND'S test circle tonight; articles ■
;reed; questions ans.; 30c; fit. dally. i;.j 6th. ]
I KST. developing. ">ip:::irc: meeting. Sun., 2 and
S i«. m.; 10c: Stitt, Hargrave. thers. »A 6th.
i". V. MILLER'S materializl ethereallrlhg I
seance, H p. m.. 50c. 403 Leavenwcrth st. \
MRS. EGGEKT AITKKN. medium; sittings \
daily. 120 McAllister st.. flat 1.
CHEAPEST and bent In America— The Weekly
Call. in rages., sent to any address in th»
I.'nited States or Canada cne year for H, •
Snitage raid.
' MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Lodge No m. F. .nd A. a
M. ':■ ■•:- ami members are hcr»-by^B^_
not! tied to- attend the funeral of V. il-sC 3«^
Ham Hunter, :a:e of Redwood City T *
Li>dse No. 16S. from the Masonic Temple
SUNDAY. June IS. tit 2 o'clock. Mastei
;.las..:i<. en Is and relatives are rordlallj
Invited; " A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.^
EXCELSIOR ■■■ (Ige No. X«. F. and A. «'
M. -Special njeeting SUNDAY >I° ! -*-i-#a.
purpose (:;' conducting the (unerul'^l'
ten ! es of our deceased brother. ISAAC
DANIEL LEVY, late a member of King
David !■■ den No. 20.. California. Frlenas
an? resoectfuliy invited. By order of the
master. THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
COMMITTEE r.n Employes Mis mio _J\»
T<nii le requested to mcci at 12 in. TO- )&J\
DAY hi Temple. . /V N
IRISH Nationalists, Attention— Se\ er.th «'
annual picnic and r>»'inlon will be held V-;-
-at San .1 ■-.■ on NEXT SUNDAY. ■'■■■■ tiS*
IS, under th» auspi.-^s of the Knights •****
<.: the Red Branch Rifles. Train leaves Third
and Towns-end sts. at ~'.y> o'clock harp, stop-
pinc at Valencia st.
THE COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS
'•"OITRTH OF JULY— Shell Mound tjTl'C*? 'sti
Park, . ;■■-.■:•■;■■> Se\^nte<-ntii grand 7JV V# V'V
annual gathering and games of ih^ > i>^j*^L >
S. I. Scottish Thistle Club. The "*=*-«•
greatest affair of the kind ever witnessed on
this c .-is:. Grent programme of events; $3000
In cash prizes; elegant and costly medals for
amateur events; grand open-air concert; ball
and fireworks In the evening. Day admission,
adults 50 cents, children 25. cents; night ad-
mission, adults 25 cents children in cent*,
liny your fern" tickets for Shell Mound.
. • JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
ST. ANDREWS Society— Members v V 7 >.
an- requested to attend the funeral ZA. jjiW
of MRS. HUNTER, widow of cur 'ifi&Lf
VI D HUNTER, from her late residence. ■■"'■
Van Ness uve on MONDAY, at 2 lock
p. in. .lAS S. WEBSTER, President.
A. i; PATTERSON; Secretary.
BRICKLAYERS' International l":iion of Cali-
fornia No. I, meets fl>st and third Monday
each month nt n.v.' Missl.in st..* S. F.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES PETER FREI LING'S pile salve, $1 p*r
box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding!
itching, ■ xtefni Intel or protruding
riles without fai-. no matter of how long
standing. IC2S Devisadero st. v n»ar Sutter.
ROOMS papered from S3; whitened, $1 up;
painting cione. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st
HAD tenants «-J»cted lur Hi collections mad-?:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: let 5520.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE The German Savins*
and Loan Society. 526 California st. — For th<-
half y.ar ending June 30, 1539. a dividend ha?
been declared at the rate of four (4t per
cent per annum on term deposits and three
and one-third i.T l-.'i> per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free .if taxes, payable on
and after Saturday. July 1. IS9S*.
GEO. 'i 'RNY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE San Francisco Savings
l.'nion. 532 California st.. corner Webb
the half year ending with the 3"tn of June,
18119. a dividend has been declared at the rate
P--r annum of four (4) per cenl on term de-
posits and three anil one-third (3 1-3) per cent
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and alter Saturday, July I. 1599.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend So. US (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. "27 Market St.. "n and
after TUESDAY. June 20, 1599. Transfer
i iks will close on WEDNESDAY, .Tune li,
ISW, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFK
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese*. Chi-
n-'?e. *2d Powell, nr. Slitter: tel Black I.TJI
HINF ■ ■ J>nd Japanese i ••■; . established ..J
>ears: ■•■'■ ,937. Bradley * i '■■- £4 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED — FEMALE.
2 FIRST-CLASS Swedish girls dos-iro situation
as rook and second girl: best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
VVAXTEI ■ Respectable American woman with
... > hlld desires situation as work-
ing h..ur-'Kccper. m- t.. do cooking and h msf-
work In small family: good plain cook: coun-
try preferred: wages $12 to $15 a month. Ad-
dress Ik ■. 1.2. Haywards, Cal.
FIP.ST-ci.ASS German «.».k desires situation;
understands i lei man and French cooking:
best ...... city or country. For further
particulars p!eaw» call or telephone MISS
CL'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.. phone Grant 120.
DRESSMAKER from the Kast. first-class cui-
ter and fitter, will p. out by the day; make
a suit in I day. 1217 Polk st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl would like position lo
take car.- ..: infant or grown children; r.-t-
-prences; city or country. Call 313 Sutter st.
EASTERN woman wishes work by day to do
[•lain washing nt home. 573 Minn st.
YOUNG colored lady would like a situation to
do light housework and assist with children
in country. Address box 4fioS. Call office.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants situation
to cook for men on ranch. Call between 1"
and 2 lock, or address MRS. GUT, 503
■
HopskwoßK nnd funking by i neat, reliable
iMiinan; wages reasonable: city or country.
Inquire 2<">4 Minna St.. near FoT.-.ii.
SITUATION wanted by a young woman to do
light housework. Please call at ?■?;) Minna St.,
in store.
DRESSMAKER, fashionable, first-class tlit. r.
noes out at $1 50 per day. Address MRS M.
FLOUR, 4!'* Grove st.. between Gough and
a via. %
TWO Eastern cirls with first-class ref-:rsii,-es
wish situations a" waitress or second work.
and one for housework; Call -'7 Rausch st .
brtween 7th and Sth, Folsom and Howard.
CAPABLE woman with girl 13 years old wish-
es situation in country with respectable fam-
ily. Inquire 516 [>ombard st
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by day.-
week ..r month; ■•-■.•- Call Monday.
S3IB Geary st.
LADY seeks n position as seamstress in ho-
tel, institution or private family; references.
Address M.. box 4729. (.'all office.
RESPECTABLE Swedish girl wishes place to
' do sewing, mind grown children or upstairs
work. Please address box 47«2. Call office.
WANTED By a superior American woman.
situation as children's nurse or nurse to in-
valid; Is a good seamstress; willing to do
chamberwork: no objection to country or
ranch. Box 1740, Call office.
BY a middle-aged woman, situation to do light
housework for two or three elderly people;
no washing: waees $12. Box 474?.. Call office.
WANTED of middle-age desiring retired
position, will keep house or care for Invalid
In secluded home; tn. 'derate salary required.
Address box 554. Call offli c.
WANTED -By a smart, energetic German
lady housework by the day or month. Ad-
ess or call MRS. T. R. . '-'■ ■; Stevenson si.,
bet Third and Fourth.
WOMAN wishes situation to do gf-neral house
work: city or country: $12 to $15 per month:
no postals, Address 2<'6 Fifth at."; near How-
ard.
GOOD laundress wishes work to take home;
■ prices reasonable. 1517 Ellis st.
PERFECTLY reliable woman desires position
ati housekeeper: country preferred. Address
box 471*. Call office.
WANTED Situation as cook and laundress or
working housekeeper; first-class city refer-
ences. Apply Hll Bush st.. near Polk
FIRST-CLASS saleslady wishes position; cloak
or millinery department; best references. Box
4612. Call office.
GOOD trustworthy lady wishes position in nice.
Jewish family as housekeeper or lady's com-
panion: undersionds very fine cooking; city or
country. Box I'M. i "all office.
DRESSMAKER; thoroughly competent; perfect
fitter, designer and trimmer; costumes re-
mi.d.U-d latest styles; 51 Z.i per day. Address
J. H. P.. 501 Post St.. room ;!4.
GERMAN woman with a child wants place as
housekeeper. Address box 1751. Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent seamstress, accus-
tomed »o flrst-clas« dressmaking, wishes posi-
tion by day. vw.ek or month: willing to as-
sist with housework; no objection to travei-
in S . 29 Eddy t.. room 15.
33ASTERN woman of 30 wishes position us
.■managing housekeeper; city or country; or
as agent for wholesale house: can Accustom
herself to mot any kind of business; no
objection to traveling. Address or call from
1" a. m. to i p. M.i 7 to 9 evenings, 29 Eddy
si.. room 15.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper nn ,i stenographer,
accurate, nt fißui*F. wishes position: willing t<i
(1 ■ office work: references; Address MISS a
M. P.. Oakland P. o.
YOUNG widow desires a position as house-
keeper: city or country. Apply at 313 Sixth
St.. Oakland.
YOUNG man with good references wishes
a situation In the ciuntry as housekeeper
seamstress i r companion to invalid lady. Ad-
dress or call at ."."'I Eighth s-t., Oakland.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to i! . general
housework, chamber work or work by the
•iay. Box 1727, Call office.
GOOD German cook wishes position In private
family or plain Ironing in hotel. Address 13 I
Stockton Bt. . .
HOLLAND Deutsch girl wishes" place at~gen^
.-•■ housework: private American family.
A IdreM 602 Howard st
THE SAN 'FRAK CISCO CALL. SILNDAV, d VJSK 18, 1899.
! I T I," AT I • » X WASTED — Co nil n n c .
' YOI'NG girl wants general housework and
corking. Please call at 168 Minna. nt.
RESPECTABLE woman, competent cook; city
references; no <-ards. IC3 .Julian aye.
WOMAN would like plain sewing and mending
i to do at In me. S-'l Mission s-.. room 1.
VVINi HKSiI-.:: House. 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: : ■■ rooms; 11- to II r,o night: $1 50 to *>i
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
j and baggage to and from terry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
CHINESE and Japanes* Employment Office;
beet help (Hi t/Kwnell .-.. : tel. Kast iZ*.
IAfAXKbK-CHIXESE Agency : ail kinJd
! "hel:i. «.K<>. AOKI, •;•■<!. -•.; Urani 5«.^
'■; \ i- .••■■,■ married, desires position in
! nursery or private ... sober, steady; thor-
| oußh experience; very best references. Ad-
' drers GARDENER, Dalves' Hotel. Woo I side,
' Cal. __
I GROCER, thoroughly experienced; desires sltu-
| atlon; slgn-.markeivi BAYXK.tll3J.Th»rdt>t£J
! YOUNG man, 10 years' business experience.
1-est references, salesman or office, '""sires
! position; town or country. Hox 4601. ■ :i!..
GOOD, steady hop butcher wishes position;
I city or country. Hox 4C03. Call office.
i POSITION as watchman by married man: can
give be:-t of references or security. Address
box 472>\ Call office.
I Sll'lATlON 'wanted by an elderly man. handy
! with tools, as night watchman or .j.ir'ror.
I has city references. Ad. ires-. L. S< n.M.r t.K,
1 742 Howard st. _ I
■ YOUNG man of 24. German; would like poslf
tion it a private place as choreman; good.
( gardener. Bi.x i !06, Call o:fic». j
! YOUNG mai ■■: several years' ' xperien as a
• ... ■ on straight matter and also ■ n
I Jobs, desires h position; will work cheap- Ad-
j dre.-s bos 4739. Call
BUTLER and Inside servant wants situation;
' understands rare of horses, garden and cows
i and ... repairing In house; ages *Zo to
I J3O P.-.x «!<\ Call;
! YOUNG 7ran of good habits desires position in
I tty or country Address box 4611. Call Office.
I YOUNG man with experience In ciear and gro- |
; eery: best of references. Box 47 .5, call.
! YOUNG man of good nidi-ess with experience
] in grocery, drug store and printing office
wants steady employment; references. Box
j 4fi26. Call office.
i YOUNG German desires a position as nurse or
I indoor servant. M. W.. 711 Bush st.
i YOI'NG man with best references wants situa-
tion; would invest flOl . Box 4629, Call office^ |
i YOl'N<; English gardener and porter; under !
I stands care' of horses; can milk and in gas
i engine; quick, active and useful. R. HOL-
DEN. 1183 Park aye.. Alameda.
I HANDY man and rough carpenter wants
j steady work of any kind: wholesale house.
factory or watchman Box 552, Call office.
STRONG young man would like a situation:
willing to do any kind of work. Address box
556. Call.
i SITUATION wanted by a first-class barkeeper:
! good mixer: city or country or extra work
done. HERMAN. i '"■'■ Powell st.
i ■
HELP WANTED— FEMAL.E.
IJ^- L .^. I
C. R. HANSEN « CO Telephone Gran 18 i
10 waitresses for first-class resort, Santa j
j Cruz to start 21st Inst.: see proprietor here
I Monday. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st. |
I 15 WAITRESSES, for first-class springs and re j
| sorts $"<): 12 waitresses for best commercial
hotel. $20; 3 chambermaids to wait for re-
j sorts $2"; 5 waitresses for best city hotels,
«2.>: chambermaid, ?2'». C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 i .- ary st.
FAMILY ORDERS
Private family laundress, S"'X one who an
go to country: 3 ranch cooks, $2'): 25 com-
petent girls and men for cooking and i
housework, *15 to $25; neat young nurse sir!
who understands care of baby. }< to $1". C.
R. HANSEN .v CO., 104 Geary st.
] WANTED Waitress, summer hotel. $25, 115;
waitresses for summer resorts, see lady M..n-
-1 day: 3 waitresses, city; $10; 6 hotel waitresses.
country. $2": Protestant maid an I assist In- I
valid, ?20; Scandinavian Cook, no wash. $25; ;
laundress, ?3o; second girl; country, $25; < lei i
man second girl. J.'n: cook restaurant. >.' '
a week; 4" girls for housework In American j
and German families for both city and coun- |
try :it *-.<<■ - from ?-') to $2.">; 100 many to I
adVertise. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
•. . st.
: TWO waitresses, same hou*e. city. $15 per]
month each; chambermaid and waitress San i
Rafael. •-' >. MISS CCLLEN. ■:.?: Sutter st.
i STEADY operators on wrappers; electric
; power. NEWBAUER BROTHERS, 18 First. |
; GENERAL housework and plain cooking; $15.
1615 Alameda aye.. Alameda
! WANTED -A good cook. Call early ready for
work at 145 Lai kin si .
; WANTED— GirI Lo rook and do general house-
j work. 2118 Central aye.
| GIRL for llcht housework; references. 1674 I
L^IT-*!!-'
j .
■ GIRLS Operators for caps. 215 Tehama st.
! SMALL girl to assist in light housework: good
home and wages. Api Monday, 133 Fifth.
i WANTED Good operator and finishers on
pants. 124 A Eleventh st.
. GIRL; no children; no washing. 42S Green st.,
top Boor. . '
i WANTED— Danish or Swedish middle-aged
lady for housekeeping; wages $10: must sew
lor 2 children: good home ami steady place;
must bo well recommended. Box 4814, Call. i
STRONG young girl or woman for general I
housework and baby's plain washing. 545 j
Pine, near Powell. !
i ATTRACTIVE, quick young lady, under 21, as i
j cashier in restaurant Box it:..".. Call.
WANTED A first-class laundress for I! months
In the country; wages 130. Apply Monday
morning at 2202 Broadway, near Webster st.
EXPERIENCED coat makers: good pay;
steady employment. M. .1. KELLER CO.,
Oakland.
SEAMSTRESS apprentice, about 20 to 25 years
Call room 7. 15 Powell st.
GERMAN girl for light housework, must speak
German, t% to $10. 238 4th aye.; Geary cars
OPERATORS on wrappers: string work: elec-
tric power; steady employment. STEUER,
103 Battery st.
WOMAN for housework and mind baby; small
wages. 4 ir ' ! - Tehama st.
WANTED Y. ung girl to mind baby. 1751 Ellis
street.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
: week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Call-
I fornla Orarm-' Syrup Co.. San Fran. Cal.
EXPERIENCED operators on cent's custom
shirts; steady employment. Roserson's, 335 1
j Valencia st.
" WANTED Yr.unc girl, 14 to 1 41 years, to help
In small family; no washing; $S per month: !
! German girl preferred. For particulars In-
, • mire at AFC. JACQUEMET'S flower store.
236 Sutter st.
! Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly" taught: satisfaction guaranteed;
, terms easy: evening classes. f/)<; Leavenworth.
. TO go this week- 500 pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. lit and 2d st" ; • pen 7. a. m. to 9 p. m.
i —
; GET your shoes half soled while waiting. 35c to
: 50c. r;: Mission Bt., between Ist and 2d «t».
' EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best nrices;
stead] employment Eagleson Co.. 535 Market
j WANTED Women ai:d girls to work on fruit.
: 376 San Jose aye.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice; steady work. 354 Geary St.
j ■
! HELP, WANTED— MALE.
' AGENTS $100 weekly and expenses guaran-
i toed good men to sell Arctic Refrigerating
I Machines for cooling refrigerators; guarai
j teed 73 per cent cheaper than Ice; Indestructl- |
I hie, everlasting. Every owner of, a refrigera-
I tor buys them, as the saving of Ice in one
I month more than pays for machine. Have
: over 6000 in use. ; 1000 testimonials from lead-
j Ing merchants of the F. S. Greatest mo-
I  poly over offered agents. No competition:
j exclusive territory assigned good salesmen.
: "Wrlto to-day and ffecure your territory before
; It is taken. "ARCTIC REFRIGERATING CO.,
, ■ 'incinnati, O.
WANTED— An experienced fur finisher, one
that understands the fur business thoroughly,
• can oversee th». work and cut linings; a
j steady position to the right party. Address,
j statins experience and salary expected. The
1 Sllverfleld Fur Mfg. Co., Portland, Ore.
GOVERNMENT . positions Don't prepare for
any civil service or census examination
: without seeing our catalogue of information;
I sent free. COLUMBIAN CORRESPON-
j DENCE COLLEGE, Washington, I). C.
I $10,000 DAILY; no competition: introducing
I new gaslight burner for kerosene lamps; sells
! elf; sample free. Perfection Gaslight
i Burner Co., Cincinnati. 0., P. B. 81.
j WANTED— any city, cakewalkera, ama-
I teur performers for International Cake "Walk
i Carnival, Mechanics' Pavilion; July 15 to 12.
! Apply or write to ■>>'< O'Farrell Ft.
! BKDMAKER; small wages. Alpha House, 5
J Market st.
WATCHMAKING: young men and ladles to
. learn trade. OTTO BINZ, 224 Geary, rm 31.
"WANTED— Two good mpn. Apply at 22 Post
st., from 7:30 p. m. to S:3O p. m., !?th Inst.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
MURRAY .<■ READY Phone Maln.CSlS
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT FROM 7 A. M. MONDAY
■Work for everybody who wants work
Read this Any strong, willing man
can do this work
10 common laborers, near city... s42 and found
2o teamsters for banking company
?12 and found
15 pick and sliovel men, city. $30 and found
25 laborers city work, long job $1 75 day
..TO THE GOLD MINES IN CALIFORNIA..
We want to go Monday afternoon
25 more common laborers, no experience re-
quired on this job Wages $1 So to $2 40 day
Laborers around the coal mines $55
SAWMILL HELP
8 more lumber pilers >J0 and found \
Ci ■--■•:! sawyers. - : '-'' and found '■
'. Timber fellers !
Shingle loggers Jackscrewera ,
Sen «v turners Redwood peelers j
Common laborers for the sawmills and woods.
Woodchojjpers Tie makers
RAILROAD WORK RAILROAD WORK
■' scraper teamsters Free fare
Also headermen, drillers, laborers for tunnel j
work $2 50 day
....HAY FIELDS. ...HARVEST FIELDS....
40 men to work In hay fields all parts of |
California $32 .".0 and $35 and found !
Mm to drive header wagons
....$45 and $40 and found
Hay balers ISc and 20c ton
....FOR RANCHES FOR DAIRIES |
For ii large ranch, 1" men to div: ditches, no i
experience necessary $20 and found j
10 teamsters, same ranch I
f.o farm, orchard and vineyard hands '
$25 and $30 and found
Milkers, different parts of State
$20, $25 and $30 and found
reman for residence on ranch
$•_':". and found
Buttermaker and milker $30 and found
STABLEMEN |
Hi tiers, city and country, $25 and $80 and I
found ' !
bile By washers i $50
blacksmiths for mines, ranches and country |
shops: blacksmith's helpers, city and country i
S granite cutters $3 day I
bridge carpenter mill bench hands!
machinist, country shop sheetlron worker!
laborers for city factory: man to work In j
foundry; chore "boys, etc.; roustabout tor
packing house. ]
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
FRUIT PICKERS FRUIT PICKERS
..For a larg«- orchard and canning company..
20 strong boys or men to pick and pack
fruit, etc., $20 and found, long job, to go ;
Monday. Call early.
MURRAY & READY,
634 636 Clay St. [
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, country store,
single young man, California references.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
BAKER for the mines, $45 and found: baker
for railroad camp, $40 and found; bakers, j
country shops. $;,:.. $40 and $50 and found: I
• ..ok and waiter, railroad camp, $40 and ?-■■ j
and found; chef cook, $60 and found; cooks j
for springs and resorts, hotels, restaurants,
etc., 535 to $65 and found: head waiter and ;
waiters, same country hotel; waite^. springs,
city and country hotels, restaurants, etc
porter and runner: pantry men: dishwashers; .
experienced milk wagon driver, city, $12 week. .
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN £• CO. ...PHONE GRANT ISo I
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
OFFICE OPEN MONDAY. 7 A. M.
WANTED i
Railroad camp blacksmith, $3 a day; 3 stone-
masons, (3 a day: 100 teamsters, laborers and j
tunnel men. $1 75 to $2 50 a day, all free fare;
2 camp waiters. $25 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
10 power drill miners, $3 50 to $4 a day. see
bo^s here; man and wife for a private place,
$40 and found; 3 timber fellers. $40 and found;
sawyer, north, .-■■>• party here, $60 anil found: i
10 German or Scandinavian laborers for a
mill, $30 and found, see boss here; choreman,
summer resort. $25 and found: 10 farmers, j
$1 25 a day and board: 6 farmers; $30 and
found, long job; ranch blacksmith, $1 50 a day
and found ■ '
hotels: etc
Second cook, summer resort, $80; broiler, $45;
cook f.>r a small resort, nortn, $."0 nd fare
advanced: pantryman, springs. $20; waiter, j
springs, S2O; waiter, country hotel, $25; Ger-
man walter, country hotel, $25; dishwashers, I
city and country, $20: silverman. $20; !
§ washer and starcher. summer resort, $40 and |
found and free fare; flannel washer, laun- i
dry. $42 50 and found. C. R. HANSEN .V CO.,
104" Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS hotel butcher, with experience, j
in some lai •-. Hrst-class hotel. $75 and found. ,
c. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. §
NEAT young hotel barkeeper, $60 and found;
used to handling first-class trade. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. :■ i Geary, st. j
ADVERTISING solicitors; cash commissions.
Address with experience, .no others need
apply, box 1602, Call.
FIRST-CLASS well-educated hoy. 15 to 16, to
learn architect business. Call Sunday, 10 to 2,
41 Thin low block.
i
WANTED Ci 'k, $9 week, at 5 East st.
FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coats; steady
work. 238 Fifth st.
YOUNG German gardener. Inquire 683 V'alcn- j
cia st.. 10 to 12.
WANTED A steady man for indoor cleaning
and all-around work in winehouse; German-
speaking preferred. 13 and 15 City Hall square, I
opp. Eighth st.
3 MEN wanted to stack hay. 1 to buck, 2 to
pitch, $1 25 day and found: man that under-
stands the Petaluma .an have long job. Ap-
ply 721 Franklin St., cor. Fourth, Oakland
WANTED— First-class painter to buy lot or
cottage and lot and pay in work. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., C4fi Market st.
YOUNG man to learn trade; must have money
to buy small business. BROWN, 332 Bush Ft.
WANTED- 2 tailors on pants and blouses. In-
quire of First Sergeant, Company K. casuals,
Presidio. |
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- ;
m't. 11. Bernard. Sec. 104 Tlh: tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS 25c shop in prosperous mining
town for sale; $50. H. W. ATKINS. Ophlr, !
Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third m.; 150 large j
rooms; 2,.i- per nlßht: $1 to $2 per week.
WILSON House, 77,-, Mission St.. near Fourth— I
100 modern rooms with hot. cold water; free I
baths: electric lights; elevator; 2sc to $1 nl^ht.
WANTED— dump raiMi arid powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to .TAS. A.
McMA»HON. 210 Spear st.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
cml mines, Alameda County. Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners: no other class of labor Is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to com?. SAN' FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQT'IN COAL CO., R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
MEN wanted Laborers, drilltnen and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdal» to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont-
gomery st;
WANTED— 20 pick and shovel men at £1 77. per
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city.
WANTED 20 men to occupy rooms: 10c per
nl?:ht. GOc to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery. ■
BUSH, 421, above Kearny— Choicv rooms; gas
and stationary wnshstand: 15c, 25c up.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Stenart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Limlell. 6th and Howard; read, rm. j
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. '•".
BARBER COLLEGE. 138*4 Eighth st.
ELLIS. 821 (Rosedale House}— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers: reading room.
PENSIONS J.H. SHEPARt) & CO.. attorneys, '
— Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per nicht; 7.-.C. $1 i
to $2 50 week. Klcho House, 563V6 Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c n night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and j
clerks. Kno.x Collection 112 Sutter st.
A WEEK'S news tor 5 cents— The*W«>?kly Call.
16 pasre«. in wrapper, for mallinrr. $1 per yar. .
PARTNERS WANTED.
LADY or gentleman with $200: office work; will
clear ?1.".O per month. Box 4747. Call.
PROPERTY WANTED.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere In Pnn
Francisco. .1. J. EVANS. Real Estate and :
.T."Pn«. Mills building.
lIOISES WASTED.
WANTED— House. 6 or 7 rooms; bath: yard;
state lent. location. Address J.. 2?,nc Mission.
FlinXITUFij WANTED. .
JENSEN Furniture Store. 73 Oth. buys, sells, '
exili. new & gd-hand fur., carpets, stoves. •
WAXTED-MISCEIXA>EOIS. :
ROLLER top desk, second-hand; must !>••> fine
Box IcSO. Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with h«rn' l !>!» and pead bars; long job. E. B.
KTONK. Fmhurnt. "
PHYSICIAN'S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and re»ld«nc«,
iuSl'4 Market it., bet. uo and Via.
~< AGENTS WANTED.
WIDE-AWAKE agents wanted for a fast sell-
ing article: required in every bank, business
house, office and home, and by travelers <md
campers: good profits: inclose stamp for re-
ply. Address CALIFORNIA SUPPLY AND
MFG. CO.. P. O. box 533. • Oakland. Cal.
WE want co-workers (either sex) in every
locality: there is no nicer home work than
this— light, pleasant and good pay: particu-
lars for 2c stamp. Address, THE NON-
MEDICINE CURE CLUB, lock box No. 802,
i^.s Angeles, CaJ
WANTED — Canvassers or grocers in every
county on the coast for exclusive sale of Con-
solidated Flavoring Powders: strongest iia-
voring extracts made; sample jar postpaid
2r.c. Consolidate' 1 Flavoring Co., 457 Ninth
st., Oakland, Cal.
AGENTS— Gasoline gas lamps for hot weather;
$2 to $5 profit to agents. BRILLIANT GAS
LAMP CO., 48 Clark -.'■.-
AGENTS make big money selling automatic
screen da catches; write for Information:
samples p. stpaid. 23c. AUTOMATIC DOOR
CATCH CO., Chicago.
SELL Magic Hee! Protectors, sample 10c: also
Leather Lustre; sam; 250. BROWN, 332 Bush.
WANTED— Experienced solicitor to address
merchants; city; salary. Box 46C5, Call.
WANTED— Agent Schepp's Giant Library;
cheap; salable; excellent; liberal terms. Ad- :
dress Manager, 934 Adeline st., Oakland;
hours. 9 to 12 a. m.. 7 to S p. m.
LOST.
REWARD paid parties who entered room 19.
417 Mason st.. Thursday night, on return of
papers stolen; can keep other articles; papers
of value . to owner alone: arrange your own
way nf exchange; no questions asked. E. C.
BARNETT.
COMING from Oakland; Saturday. 4 o'clock
boat, "Berkeley." a black, double cashmere
shawl, paisley border. The finder will be
liberally rewarded. 3360 Seventeenth st. city.
LOST— Last Thursday, about 3 p. m.. steel-
spangled black gauze fan. on Larkin ft., bet.
.Sacramento and Clay. Reward at 1510 Larkin.
GOLD locket, engraved E. WOENNE, and em-
blem of Knights Templar. Return 707 Mar-
ket st. and receive reward;
$I.* REWARD for pocketbook and contents. Re-
turn to MRS. WALDRON, 732 Post st.
LOST— GoId medal; E. Lewis on bar; liberal re
ward. 7"'. Golden Gate nve.
FOUND.
FOUND-On Bay. near Siege. June 16, 1 sail-
boat and 1 rowboat: owner can have same
by paying salvage. 1. M DARLING. Siege.
EDUCATIONAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, gpol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math . cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
HOLMES' College of Oratory -Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, Journalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 Instructors; degrees conferred;
day and evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fellows' big, S. F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.: life i
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo. I
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly In 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns: other studies;
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Kills system: sunny rooms; low rates: day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mk-..
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arch!.; day & eve.;
est. 1564 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
DANCING ballroom; stag", taught; private or
class. IRVINE 421 Post st., near Powell:
STUDY bookkeeping at Acres' Business Col-
lege: the only practical and easy method.
STAGE jigs, hornpipes. flings, fancy skirt j
dancing; lessons 50c. Box 4613, Call.
LAW Schools, 927 Market; S. F. . and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence, i
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history. English taught;
coaching specialty; vacation " mo. T2O Eddy.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Li rkin St.. opp. City Hall.
a WEEK'S news for S rents— The Weekly Call.
11 pac^s. In wrapper, for mailine. si per vfar.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some rood pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY X- CO..
St. Inway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ms., San Francisco, and Thirteenth an 1
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY "the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. I
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and '
all (ther musical Instruments of all grades i
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
ELEGANT upright piano will be sold this
morning at a bargain for cash. California
Storage Warehouse, 722 Mission st., next to
Grand Opera House.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale (heap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A FINE high grade piano. $100 cash. Room 12,
Flood building _____
$2 50 PER mo. rents elegant cabinet grand up-
right; or seli cheap. 342 Kearny st.
A NEW ("bickering" and 3 Steinways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos. {2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 660 Hayes st.
IT. v DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS, $69 up; installments, $5 7.". up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sate). Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister st., next Hlhernia Hank.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. -KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address in the
United States postpaid, for si p r year,
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS;
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me.
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
FOR Monday anil Tuesday only— A fine seal-
skin Jacket for $60, cost originally $200: a very
high-power binocular field glass for $24, cost
originally $55; a beautiful pearl inlaid, ivory
trimmed mahogany guitar, almost new. for
$17. former price $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grunt aye.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixture? ; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. j
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
236 MONTGOMERY aye. Gordon setter, fox.
Scotch and sky terrier pups; .also Manila
billy goat; a curiosity: broke for harness.
CANARY birds, good singer?: cheap. 2114 Lily
nve.. bet. Page and Oak sts.
35-FOOT oak cabin launch; 12 horse-power;
good condition, cheap. 1235 Market st.
i
BAND saw for sale: price $15; can be seen
running. E. I!.. i"47 Brannan st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies full line
selling at less than cost., 513 Hearst building.
PAINTERS' hooka and falls. Address 11 7
Page st.
ANGORA kittens, thoroughbred, at the An-
gora Cattery. .".7 Ellis st.
MEN'S furnishing goods fixtures for sale. Ap-
ply at 331 Montgomery st.
ENTIRE stock of A. N. Bailey's fancy pigeons
cheap. 362 San Carlos aye., near 2!st st.
HANDSOME gilt frame parlor mirror and oil
paintings "lor sale, cheap. 729 Pine st.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine, I
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 516 Mission, i
FIRE and burglar proof safe and National
cash register; cheap. 42 Main st.
BOILERS, engines. ' second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100 2 h. p. $123 :;
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
DRESS pants. $2 95: fine suits. $3 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny Ft., near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 puses, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PEBSOKAIiS.
REFINED young widow with best references
wishes to meet gentleman niruishing same.
Box 4730. Call.
GFVTLFmTn of reflnlement and wealth.
temperate habits and liberal, desires domes-
tic happiness in wife and home AMERI-
CA." 11*97 Lexington aye., Xewj.lorK.
AN hi n rable woman wants to correspond with
temperate, honorable gentleman, between_S3o
and 40. with view to matrimony. ■ Box 4. 01,
Call office.
REFINED young lad: wishes to meet Kfntl£
man with means. C. W., Call office, Oakland.
MEMBERS" are solicited for a club to divide
labor or expense In handicapping the races.
.1. PATTERSON, ITS Seventh ■ st.
HEALTHY German wetnurse wanted to travel.
. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth st., Alaineda.
LEDERER'S QUINT.ONICA is 11 delightful
tonic; stops your hair trom falling out and
effects a healthy growth; Ssc bottle. __ .
GO to LEDERER; the hairdresser; l ate ; st
vogue In hairdressing, 25c; see Foamo .
Shampoo exhibit in window, 5c pkg; switcnes, j
$1 up; hail rolls, 10c.*g 123 \ Stockton \ si. I
[•HAVE found a positive cure for drunkenness;
can be give 1 secretly; will Eladiyi tell I you
what it is: .Icn't send money. MRS. MAI
HAWKINS loci box FX 131, Grand Rapids,
Mil 1. S .
FAT(ls! fatal Ual beauty and health; we reduce
quickly and safely. An-T.-Phat_Co.. Chicago.
IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat- ,
land, Cal., wilT write to hid father he will |
hear of something tv his advantage. HLUH
MORRISON. j
PUBLIC school teacher wishes pupils; best ref-
erences; terms low. Bex 510. Call office. _
RAG carpets! wove to crd^r and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest ,
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland, j
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent. Trademark j
Attorney at Law, and Copyright j
No. 4 Sutter St.. Law a. Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign ;
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited^ \
ELECTRIC lights in ever room; Winchester j
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: TOO rooms;
•:-,- to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— and medical ;
esses taken charge of for physicians, sur- I
peons and private individuals. Ulti Guerrero, |
nr. 25th; Guerr*-ro-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT. 338-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
prices: easy payments. Eastern Outfitting j
Co.. cloak and suit dept.. ]3C6 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.; I
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases. j
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
O'Farrell St., room 12. ■
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no injec-
tlon;guarantd. Dr. Gortin, 614 Pine. ab. Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market St.; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter st.
A— Ladies, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom si.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. V Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolto.
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason. |
CHEAPEST and best In America The Weekly I
Cal!. 16 p.iges, sent to any address in the I
United States or Canada one year for $1,
•■■ ;■■■-:" paid.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary Ft.; dresses made. $5
up: perfect fit MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRIT!
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stump for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings SI; diagnosis free.
MRS. MANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and
pain: satisfaction or no pay; test circles
Wednesday and Friday eves.; 10c. 234' 2 Sixth.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS. materializing
seance Monday evening, 8 o'clock, >". "■'-■',
Ellis st.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual healing business me-
dium, readings; treatments daily. -I". Jones
MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
writing medium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ; j
Mon.. 8; 25c: fittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune !
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell. !
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent's The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CLAIHVOV ANTS.
MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished 'lair- I
voyant and medium: those in trouble or who !
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium Immediately, either In person
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the
highest professor in occultism and is master
of the power by which she can reveal your
entire life; also the lives of those in whom
you are Interested; satisfaction guaranteed by ;
mall. $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar-
ket St. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; horn with double veil and sec-
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladles. I.U-: gents, $1: sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk. ;
WONDERFUL success of ot Mine. Clingman,
from New York; scientific palmistry and
astrologtst; readings 50c and $1. 013 Tenth
St., Oakland.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from New York, palm-
-Ist and card reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms
1 and 2.
RAY FAIR, returned: wonderful gift of second
sight and card reading: parlor 3. 15 Powell.
MISS GEOROIE' TAYLOR— Returned; card
reader and palmist. 110,' i Turk si , rooms 4-2.
2 LADIES lately from the East; palmistry
and card reading. Room 2, 17 Grant aye.
MME. WALTERS; the great card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist:
past, present and future, T'.c. US t'th. r. 12.
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market st., room 2.
MRS. HANSEN, best clairvoyant. 349V4 Minna
St.. near Fifth.
MRS. EDWARDS. clairvoyant and card
card reader. Room 7. 520 Bush st. first floor.
MISS GREEN; card reading and palmstry. 20:1
Post St., room 1.
Miss TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36^4 Geary st., Rooms 1 and 3. I
GYPSY QUEEN has returned; clairvoyant and
palmist. 204 Ellis st.. rooms 35- to 36.
MISS IRENE WILSON, card reader nnd palm-
ist. 120 Ellis St.. room 6.
MISS SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye.,
room 6; card reading and business advice.
2 LADIES lately from the East: palmistry
and card tea. line Room 2. 17 Grant aye.
MISS M FOX, celebrated card reader, room 12, !
311 Grant aye.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS GRACE HAYS, iard reader and ma?
net Ist. 207 Powell st.. rooms 5-6.
MISS ALEECE FAURE, card reader- 405 Kear-
ny st., room "4: French and English spoken.
MRS. ICO PP. natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 50c. IS I^ewis st.. off Taylor, nr. Post, i
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and pain Ist
Parlors 12 and is, second floor. 565V4 Market
MMi: MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 7:: Fourth «t.. near Mission.
MME. ETTA RALPH, mogneflst and psychom- '
etrist: parlor* 2 and 3. 995 Market st.
YOUR future told by cords. 25c; Sunday hours j
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Lnrkin st.. room 8.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st. : clairvoyant.
card reader and palmist: truth or no pay: Isc.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future
hand's picture, rio; ladle* 914 O'Fn'rell st.
l'AL>ii>iii 1 . " i
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil Count St. Ocr- |
m.iir.e. CIS Geary st.. above Jones; tel. Hyde ,
L'€2l: reading by mall. $1.
YOUR fate is in your hand: scientific palmis- !
try. MME. GERMAINE, SOS Market St.. r. 3«.
PROF. D. LANDER will rend your hand to I
]•■!•>. tlon. 34 Sixth st . room 8.
A-MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist. 915
Hush ft., bet. Taylor and Jones. , I
J .«TROI,O«v!
ASTROLOGER and trance medium': minerals
located: lucky day.-; palmistry. 319 McAllister.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F.I SMITH, prop..
VI Mission; koocls guaranteed; lei. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage ot
furn. A H. H. goods. 73.* Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Mala 5711. j
BI SIWESS CHANCES.
$2<vv— CIGAR, stationery, notion and candy
store; 0 sunny rooms. COWING & CO., 995
Market St.' T
DELICACY store: must be sold; great sacrifice;
leaving city. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions: a bargain;
leaving city. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
a ROOMY house, 10 light rooms; bargain this
day. COWING A: CO.. 995 Market st. _
A— NOTICE to jewelers; $1500 stock, tool?, fix-
tures: bargain COWING A CO., 995 Market
CATHOLIC book store bar cat n this day.
COWING & CO., '".•', Market st.
$150— PAINT and paper hanging business; pay-
Ing. Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
$1200— MANUFACTURING businesa: established
10 years: accident cause of sale; paying busi-
ness. Mclaughlin .<- co., 777 Market st.
A FINE list of business propositions in saloons,
grocery stores, branch bakeries, restaurants.
coffee houses, merchandise, etc.; all Kinds oj
business bought, sold and exchanged. EITEL,
l'iii.;i£. Market St.
SALOON, 2 blocks north of Market; doing pay-
ing business: must be sold at once; great sac-
rifice. NATIONAL AGENCY, 783% Market.
$1000— BAKERY; prosperous country town of
4C00; store and wagon trade $20 day: supplies
4 towns with bread: fine opening for hustler;
' trade can he doubled. JON 565 Market st.
$20f | — HALF interest in manufacturing business;
big profits. National Agency, 7S3H Market.
,-!.-,, TO $2500 will purchase interest in ex-
traordinary profitable business seldom offered;
no saloon, night or Sunday work: particulars
at personal interview to principal: inv"Sti;j.v
tlon solicited; references exchanged. Address
box 4745. Call Office.
FORTUNES in rubber and coffee plantations
for sale: dividend paying; participation $10
up; write ■■!■ prospectus. MEXICAN IM-
PROVEMENT CO.. 22" California st.
OLD established saloon and da'icing hall for
rent, and stock and fixtures for sal" on ac ;
(■mint of retirement from business of ownrr.
Apply to McEWEN BROS., lIS Montgomery.
1 MM' with some means desires bright ledv
with equal amount to join her in profitable
enterprise. Box 4750. 'all off) c.
GOODilocation for fruit store; fixtures in: rent
reasonable. 290 Third avc., cor. Clement si.
Take Sutro car.
W \NTE1 ' To invest $1000 in an honest busi-
ness; state business. F. A. REYNOLDS,
East Oakland.
FRUIT 7 store; 3 living rooms: yard: will sell
cheap; good living; Investigate. 130 Eighth.
WANTED Good sober business man in old-
. stablished real estate office. Box 140, Call.
1750 SHARES of the I >reisam Mini and Mill-
' ing Co. for sale. 20c share. Box 1.4738. Call:
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; good place for
French restaurant. Apply USA Ellis.
GROCERY and bar for sale; terminus of road.
Address J. P., 2526 Mission st.
OLD ESTABLISHED grocery and bar for sale.;
living rooms. 1795 Ellis st.
ji:,_ COMPLETE shoe shop for sale; to be sold
to-day. 1222 Stockton st.
LADY wants working partner with some cash
in paying business; security for cash in-
vested. Address M., 626% O St., Sacramento.
](• ). .X and paper store In city; $200, half cash,
half on approved note; good location, Box
4741, Call. . t
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
business; Investigate bet. 2 and 1 p. m. 118 A,
Ellis st.
$15— TO- let; poultry stand in market; with
large trade. 1307 Polk st ,
RESTAURANT for sale. Api at 234 O'Far-
rell St.
FOR sale Candy store. Address box 1600,
Call office.
BARGAIN— House furnishing and repair shop;
complete set of tinner's tools and machines;
stock of tin agateware and house furnishing
utensile; tor sale cheap on account of sick-
ness; store located at 20078 Fillmore st.. city.
Address E. VAN EVERY, Eden Vale. Cal
FOR sale— Old established carpenter shop;
owner retiring from business; rent cheap.
1813 Unoin st.
L.D-ESTABLISHED laundry route, with
outfit; paying $75 to $85 per month: trial given
and will go with purchaser until route is
learned. Box 547, Call.
BARBERS Rare chance, good three-chair
shop;; bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Ellis Et. ■
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
BARGAIN— Must sell; going East: bakery, no-
tion and toy store, Cor. Union and Buchanan.
GENERAL manufacturer wishes to communi-
cate with gentleman with $5000 or $10,000;
greatest opportunity in this line in United
States: full information by address. Box
1516. Call office.
GOOD hotel in Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good location: 65 regular boarders:
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
FOR sale — A good paying saloon. Inquire
Rathskeller. 544 California st.
RARE opening In daily journalism. Address
M.. l ox 1654. Call office.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
C3t> Third st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$400— ROOM cor. flat: worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
30 rooms; new fur. (200 cash, balance $10. 1000
22 rooms; on Howard st 500
MV BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
..A 10-ROOM HOUSE: NEW FURNITURE..
, $100 CASH ,
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH; PRICE $450..
18-room house on Third st $375
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms ISOO
5-room flat, near Emporium 250
la-room house; worth $600 250
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St.. 1020 Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO., €67 Market st.
A— 6o rooms $2,800 28 rooms $S<>)
A— 6o rooms 1.500 18 rooms 650
A— rooms 1,500 ! 8 rooms 200
Insurance rates cut 25 to 60 per cent.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
IS rooms; Geary st.: $300 cash, balance
payments of $10 monthly $650
29 rooms: rent $S3 50: north of Market: $450
cash, balance payments $10 monthly.... $7 <)
MONEY TO LOAN at 2 per cent.
A— 6s-ROOM lodging house: centrally located.-
best in city; bargain. COWING & CO., 195
Market st.
FOR SALE—^Yell-paying lodging house of 1?
nicely furnished rooms: rent only $25; price
$225: no agent:-. Apply 130 Second st.
LODGING house for sale; a bargain, as owner
leaves town by July 1. 309 Sutler st.
" HMTI UK j COR .SALE.
PARTY going East must sell furniture rnr-
pets, sewing machine. Call 2003 Powell st. ■
FOR sale cheap— Furniture of 4 rooms; all
new: rent $10. 45 Shipley st. .
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton St.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for (48 ;.n. with No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11"! Market.
DENTISTS.
A -DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors, 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zinkand; teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain, electricity, gas or
chloroform administered: the best and most
artistic work at reason prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1: other fillings, from 50c;
plat( from $4 5.0: flesh colored plates, from
$5; porcelain or gold crown and bridge-work
(per tooth), from $S. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays^
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridgework until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates; thinner and stroneer
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridgework teeth without a plate; fitt-
ings 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4t)i. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates cur specialty ; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to in p. m. : Sunday. n' to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. MI). Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges $4;
rub.b«r or flexible plates. $3; received 8 fin*
prize*: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. M: fillings. ~25c "up:"Boil
crowns, $3: gold bridges. $.'. up; painless etc
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 963 Mission St.. cor. n%.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144.1 Market st . net?
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings ft
(■penalty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns,
_J3_up: open ev'gs. 850 MarKet st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
sbavixg macii:m:n.
12 MONTHLY. rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission; nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bough' told, exchanged, rented; r»-
fairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth si.CITY HEAL, ESTATE.
H UMBSEN & CO.,
P.EAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 M< >NTG« IMERY ST.
$17.1
"inwntown business property; 2 stores and
::.::iir house; rents $1330 per annum; 44:2 x
,6; substantial brick building.
I .
I"u:k-st. business property; 5 fiat"; rents $105;
.;;:'; a yhort distance from Market Bt
512.500.
i:*r.ts f!260 per annum; 2 flats of 5 rooms and
' • •■ '■■ - houses of ti rooms and bath each;
,7 >'; Western Addition; good location.
;.-ary f-t. and Myrtle aye; 2-story and base-
.-• t house and 2 flats nnd lot: double front-
••; ::-ar Franklin s.t. ; rents $720 per annum.
C rih of Market st. bargain: near Taylor and
: rnin sts.: rents $7'.<o per annum: 3 elegant
■ n.w. modern flats nf 6, 5 and 5 rooms
■
:her. bargain: price greatly reduced- 2
•il 3-story houses of S rooms and hath
rents $72.» per annum; 37:6) a great
irgainJ
'■ -; ' '•' ' Investment; very cheap- In the
iss! ■ rents $"-.2 per annum; 6 flats- si:Bx
4;.>hnr»dy to sereral lines of street cars.
$4800
1 and Linden aye.; a very cheap buy;
:: per annum; 27:6x120 to real street."
svf-nworth st. investment; rents $420 per
r.:ni; 2 substantial flats of 5 and 4 rooms and
iiii each: brick foundation, etc., and lot.
Near Market and Seventh sts.; old improve-
":'__litt!e value renting for $2'M per an-
• • flats; very ch^ap; near Leavenworth and
roadway; rents $21t; per annum; 2 flats of 5
•
Xt-nts ?216 per annum; a big bargain: house
3 tenements and lot; near Clay and Mason.
H
Very cheap: an rlpgant, nearly new Eastlake
ndern residence; on Fillmore st.; the or^am
'ighborhood of Pacific Heights; fine marine
51301.
Very chpap; no reasonable offer refused; a
'ry cozy bay-window cottage of 4 ■ms and
ith, etc.; n^ar Castro and Mi»slon-st.'.?car
Pacific Heights; 0-".:6x!2'i; commands grand
id unobstructed marine views.
Rusir.pss corner lot; 3<:Sx7l, li regular; on
uerrero st. or San Jose aye.
vv : ■• ! ■ .' ■•
On very easy frnif; \vp aro offering the lots
Wa:i-r and Stelner sts. of the German Sav-
gs and Loan Society : street work done com-
ft^: li ts all ready to build on: terms quarter
sh. balance at 7 per cent.
AsAAsj- - &i
$:2.*.0 AND UPWARD.
12 cho'ce building lots: v.ry cheap; 11 sold;
lurteenth and Henry sts.; 1 block from Mar-
: st.: 21x115 parh; level; on grade and ready
r building; offered at very low prices and
ing .-o nicely located are selling rapidly.
$Sft> AND UPWARD.
Richmond lots; Tenth aye.. C and D sts.;
Ijaeent xo the Park: 23x120; on installments;
') cash,: $10 j.er month: interest at 7 per cent.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Rec-
•is. which contains a list of properties in all
14 Montgomery St.
'A RDM AN. HOOPER <Se CO.,
HEAL ■AT:: AGENTS,
13s MONTGOMERY ST.
Gough St.. near O'Fai modern 2-
•ry and attic residence of about 10 rooms and
hr-.ths: nicely arranged; large closets through-
it: tastily decorated; gas an.', pl^ctri'- service:
rj larg< lot: house is so situated as to insuri-
in all !aj ir. every room; one of the most
:tra'.-tive and well built residences In this
$ft7i«J— Four fin- 1 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
ith each; r^rits $►> monthly; never vacant:
ink mortgage of $3.V«j can remain: lot 44x$0
et; r.par Third and Bryant sts
?->-■■ '—.Now lease to one tenant for $55 m<->nth-
: u'nxl business corner; lot 34x81 feet; store
id flat of :• ro,.ms and bath above; Mrannan
ii^nr Sixth st.: flr.« improvements; tenant
ivs water bill and ri.akcs a!! repairs.
} >': ■■•■■ Vwn good flat.-s on ■, Twenty-third st/.
•c Ho wart; ♦ roomsland f*th each: ••■nt-.J
i ,--•; m< nthJy: npver vncant: street work all
: <• ami a-—i t<-d
{3750-trStOrp anil * rear . improvements; rpnts
i m 'nthly; i'olnt Loboa aye:; lot I'.xlOO fp->t.
:."." Mission home; lot 54x137.6 to rear stre.-t;
-;- r> i: luse; S rooms and bath: stable, etc.
*24..vx Howard st:, corner of Fourth: rents
::: inthly; bank mortgage of $11,00 l > can
r-Hnndsome new residencf near Golden
ale Park: 11 rooms and bath; nicely ar
mge<i; house is beautifully decorated through-
:t: every modern convenience; small cash
i.vir.ent: balance on "ftsy terms; street work
•ii! done and accepted:
*>**.*•— 2 line new flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
ith f-ach; rented now for $75 monthly;
irnisred; would r«-nt for $33 or $60 un-
rnlshetl; lot 25x11fi:6: near Golden Gate Park.
f33.V>— Sutler st. : lot 25x112:6; only 12 minutes
!•» from K^arny and Sutter sts.; street
ork all done; gtxxl lot for tine, flats.
•TV- 1 "ormr Jot: 32:6x100; suuth of Golden Gate
$270"— Lut 27x137:fi; Pagp St.: one . ■: th» best
-:'■:•• blocks near Golden Gate Park; north
SKOO— Oak «., opposite Golden rate Park;
r 2Cxi;t7 •!; splendid lot for flats; street work
JIM 1 -' Near I'at» st., park district; splendid
jilding lot; 2".x112.
J2250 r-ach— 2 splendid building lots; only a
w from Golden Gate i'ark. street work
1 done and accepted: stone • walk.
BUILDING DEPARTMENT.
We will build to suit purchaser home from
00 up) on any of the following lot* small
tfj-i r payment; balance on very easy • ms If
i;v.-i y one of the lots would be a good
irchare at from $200 to $500 more than the
fW'A— Alpine st.. near Halght ami Bak=r sts.:
1 :>■>;:•:■ , street Is sewered, graded and ma-
j«so— Sixth aye.. near D st. : only a few steps
orn 'he entrance to Golden Gate Park: stropt
wered; graded and macadamized: street cars
iys in front- of th«^ lot.
?7"0 earii— 2 level lots on Fourth aye., near
•mont St.: 2".x12 < ) each; street M sewered and
S7sii each*— 4 level lots; Fifth aye., near
emi-nt st.: 25x120 each; street is sewered and
acadamized.
S74'i each— 2 fine lots on the north side of
ilif^rnla st.. near Ninth aye.: 23x100 each;
r c r t (a sewered and macadamized.
«'",: ii each— 2 level lots: Tenth aye., near
illfornla; lots 23x120 each; street sewered and
acadamized.
r.MAUDMAN. HOOPER & CO., 138 Mont-
>mery ft.
■ MONTHLY will buy you a new 4-room
cottage for your rent money; near Holly P.trk ;
n<-ar Mission electric rars; savo paying rent.
.J.V'fiH HI iHAN .v SON, 19 Montgomery St.
LOTS (lit In the Abbey Homestead, n".ir
r^ui Ma too electric cars; good for chicken
ran-bes JACOB HE'S MVN & SON. 19 Mont-
-;■■ •■<■■■■ «. :
lEALTHIUESOKT OF SAN" FRANCISCO.
At the "■pan Boulevard, near the Cliff, in
Sunspt lu-ach: we nre prepared to soil lots
and build scasiilp novel cottages on easy
t»-rn:!»: aiso to rent cars to families or clubs;
location block 722 on 481 aye. and J st.:
branch office established on the block. JACOB
lI K V.MAN & SON, owners and builders, 13
Montgomery st.
EW home for in the Heyman Tract, of
4 rooms and bath for the Fame rpnt money
you ar<- laying your landlord, and in a tew
years ;hp home will be your own,, and re-
lieve you from the constant burden of pay-
Ing rent; 20".' families have settled on this
liberal ofTVr and own their nomps now, nil
paid for. Ridp by Twenty-seeond-st. electric
cars to terminus of the Heyman Tract, ami
call at our new office, on Hoffman aye.. where
you will find cur a«-nt. JACOB HEYMAN .'.
HON. owners and builders, It Montgomery st.
;NfINE bargain; $1*00; easy payments: hard
linlfhed house, S rooms and porcelain bath;
■ argp flnp chirk<>n houses, stables and garden:
73x100; hiph fence and tl ge trees; must be
Bold q'lick: 2 blocks off Kt>ntucky-st. elec-
tric car; this is not an old rattletrap place.
J. .1. EVANS, Real I->tate and Loans, Mills
t uildii
HE choicest lots in Richmond <,n the elevated
ground, sltelj and having the marine views;
only 3 Ifcft: 25x105 each; rpady for building;
all strpet work .lofio: electric oars past, every
few minutes: Tenth aye.. past side, close to
''!-n;?nt St.; signs on the lots: those looking
for a choice location for a home will buy
these; just the spot to build on; price only
$•>:«) cash; - nothing tO <><iuai thenu W. J.
GUNN, 410 Montgomery xt.
EST bargain ever offered: elegant dwelling
Juft finished; 5 rooms and bath, finished attic
and basement; on Masonic a-. . . • ,uth of
Frederick St. ; owner on premises.
HEAP corner. 50 vara, near terminus
VandTbUt Railroad, foot ■'. Fillmore st..
S32'o— A nice cottage; 6 rooms and bath:
Ashbury ' [eights; halt cash.
SI OSO- Sixteenth St., close to Ashbury
roxioo.
ENGLISH & MORRISSEY. 630 Market st.
. MURPHY, €30 Market st., makes loans on
second mortgages, estates, etc.
3r/)._cOTTAGE of 4 rooms; lot 274x100 »23
Diamond Bt.. between ISth and 20?b.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
uonn-n , FINK MODERN FLAT?.
,***' *— ; <3olOen '".,tp aye., near Baker st. : Bplen
Ol(J building; cost over J5000; everything up to
date; a great bargain.
... . , A FORCED SALE.
c*„ w ~ Leavenworth St., bet. California and
SSST2 1 .? 110 ' 2 bay r window flats, 5 and 6 rooms
**!£ ba <-h each; rent $42 50.
*■-'>- Kolsom-st. residence, near Twenty-sec-
<na st.; fine bay-window house; contains 8
rooms and bath; lot 33x100; stable in rear;
mortgage of *1000 can remain.
i V^—^'ay St., near Battery; 2-story brick
Diiuatng; Bt^re and 2 floors above; cement base-
ment; rent 570.
Corner on Clay st., near Mason; 3-story
rmilding: store and 20 rooms abnve- lot 28x70;
under lease; a great bargain.
«300 CASH, BALANCE $21 MONTHLY.
*.WK) — .■..-.-•■ bay-window house on
Clipper st.. near Castro; contains 7 rooms and
path; foreclosure sale.
Jl7W— Hartford fl, near Eighteenth: cottage
of 4 rooms, hath, etc.; brick foundation; lot
24:,x_12;>.
$3750- -Must be sold; cheapest property in the
-Mission; Dolores-st. corner: new residence of 7
rooms and bath; handsomely dpcorated; mod
plumbing, etc.; lot 33x90; corner, c 65, vacant;
should be improved with stores and flats: Do
lores st. Is to be made a boulevard t-j connect
wiUi the proposed park panhandle extension.
?6a00— 1315 Mason st., near Jackson; >. lot 33x
137:6. with 3-story residen of 12 rooms and
bath; also rear house of 5 rooms; stable for 6
horses.
$S7'.o— Rent $87 FclHom-st. corner; fine build
ings; ail rented; lot 25x112:6; a splendid inter-
est-paying property.
$7250 — Two fine handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms in I bath; best portion of Devisadero St.-
rent $62 50; lot 2SxI(W
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE in Mill Valley," $8250; easy terms"
or will exchange for San Francisco property;
in best portion of Mill Valley, near station;
extra large corner lot, with good cottage of
6 rooms, bath, etc. BALDWIN & IWELL,
I' Montgomery st.
CHEAP LOTS CHEAP LOTS
$17."0— Green st., bet. Pierce and Scott: 25x100.
fHf'o-Ancther bargain; First aye., nr-ar Jack-
son St.; large lot, 30x120; fine elevate position,
(.ommaniling a superb view.
$1000^$50 cash, balance $10 monthly; Third
aye., bet. California and Clement sts.; large
lots: splendid neighborhood; you can build when
first payment Is made.
$430 each— cheap: 3 lota on Douglass St.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first; each 25x125.
>-•■" Maybe less; Howard St., bet. Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth; 25:6x117:6 to alley.
$1475— 0n1y 3 left; Frederick st Bet. Cole and
thrader; sunny side of street: cheapest lots in
panhandle district; block from the park.
f^OoO— Sacramento st.. bet. Laguna and Bu-
cliunan; 4'.ix137:6; select neighborhood.
$4750 Fin ■ corner close to town; Page and
Lagun . -•- ; !sxB7:< suitable for Bats; all
street work done.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
GOOD INTEREST-PAYING" PROPERTIES
$10,750— Rent $C«i: always rented; largr lot.
40:«ix137:6, on Leavenworth st. , 2 fine bay-win-
dow houses; select neighborhood.
542.'it— Chestnut St.. near Mason; good 2-story
house; also 2 flats; lot - x 137 '..
FLATS CLOSE TO UNION IRON WORKS.
$24(H» — Connecticut st.. near TwentiPth- . nats
of 4 rooms and bath each; always rented
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
Vix4s:S— NE. cor. Post and Stockton: SO on
Post by 46 :S on Stockton; properly Improved
will rent for $ISOO per month
Montgomery aye.. through to Washington
St.; brick improvements; rents $190.
:.o:9xl37:6— Montgompry St.: 56 rms; 2 stores
37:6x55 — St.. near Post.; 2-story double
houses; rents $..: 50: $12,000.
57x137:6— Pine st., near Larkin; old improve-
ments; $10,600.
fiflxSO— Cor. Mason and Lombard; 2-story
house: 2 flats and stable; rents *'"> . $10,000.
3vSxl37:9— Union st.. near Dupont; 2-story
brick building rents $66 50; $S5OO.
20x68:9 to rear street; Union, near Dupont;
3 front and 2 rear Rats; rents $64 50; $8000
20xJi>— Fourth St.. near Harrison; store and
flat; $6S00; sale urgent.
61x117—6 modern flats; rents $110: sunny.
19:0x98 Cor. Second st. and North Park
lane: 12-rOOtn house; $7000.
>7:6x137:(- Cor. Jacksun and Adele place, bet.
Stockton and Powell; old impts; $6300.
46x*>*i — Greenwich, near Taylor; thre» 2-story
houses: rents $54: $6250.
25x100— Pacific aye., near Polk; 2 flats and
rear house: rents $45; $5250.
45x93:6— Greenwich, near Powell; residence,
10 rooms: $.iOOO.
22x65:9--Pacifle. near Mason; nous" of 8
rooms and bath; $4500.
2t:3v69:9— Gr< — n st.. near Powell: new mod-
ern bay-window fiats; rents $3"s $4300.
4"Xl37:C— Chestnut St.. near Stockton; 4 flats;
rents ?.li: $4000.
25x'7:6— 24th St.. nr. Guerrero; 8- room hou«<».
25x66— Green, nr. Hyde; modern double flat.-
20x76:6— Vallejo st.. near Powell; $4 '"•
25x122;6— Shotwell st.. near 24!h: 2 flats; $3800. I
50x90— Lombard -■ . near Stcx-klon; house of
10 rooms and bath: $41 00.
31x122:6— Howard, near lf'th: cottage; rent $18
70x174:1— Sar. Jose road, ne ■ : Glen Park;
house of 7 rooms and bath: $3000.
20xfiS:&— Bannan place, north of Green st.: 2-
story house and rear house: rents $21; $1000.
2r,x7>— Shipley st., near 6th; C flats; rents J.;.".
25x80---Feoeral st.. near Ist front nd rear
house: rents *26; $2250.
23x60- Austin, near Van Ness; cottage: $2000.
25x64— Post, near Central av>. . cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED
25x100— Florida st., north of 18th; adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
c,-i x 7rio BE cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
24x81:3— Cor Flllmorc and Germania; $2750.
°6xlOs— Cor. 22d and Noe sts. ; $2200.
37-4»;xl37:fi-Oreenwich. near Polk: $2«<o.
25x100- Valencia, bet. 13th nnd 14th: 4 lots.
25:8x114— 2Sth. near Dolores: $1000.
23x120— 13th aye., near .1; *»00.
2nx 120— 27 th aye.. near O: S2"O.
32:6x100— Cor. X st. and 37th aye.; $11».
200x123— NW. cor Fountain and 23th.
■>5x137-6— S. Frederick, west of Cole.
Lots In Abbey and Silver Ter. Hd.
FOR PALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$->2 500—50x100; levisadero, business street:
covered with stores and flats: paying 6«4 per
cent.
$22,r,ivi— 50x120; Halght to rear street; stores
and flats: pays 74 per cent.
{20,i,00—55x120 to rear street ; Page st., near
Market; old Improvements
$10.750— Southeast corner CJough and Vallejo;
marine view; finished in hardwoods and tiling;
12 rooms; hot air furnace; linen chute; ash
chutes; billiard room: open hearth fireplace.
$11,000 California st.. near Webster, north
side; 12 rooms: a bargain.
$12,000— California Bt., near Buchanan, south
side: 11 rooms.
$7frtyi_Pierce, near Golden Gate aye.; large
lot: ■• rooms, nearly new.
j;i7so— Scott St., near Washington, facing
Park; 8 rooms.
$6300— SW. corner Vallejo and Pierce sts.: 4".x
112- sheltered and warm.
\lso numerous other residences, investments
and lots. HAWKS .v ELTON.
321 Montgomery st.
POST st.: _■ corners. I frontages; 70x60.
O'Farrell. nr. Powell; store and rooming
house; 25xl'«. _ ■ '•.'•■'-.-- . .
$s,noQ— Broadway, nr. Gough; 6 rooms, bath;
.
" $5 o,o— Fair Oaks, hr. 22d; 2 flats, 4 and 5
rooms, baths, stables; 30x130.
$3,300— Tw0 flats 5 rooms, bath each; Florida,
nr '221; 20x100. „_..
J2.500 Cottage 3 room*, bath: 23x80; '; cash;
23d, nr. Harrison.
$I, Coo— House v rooms; 24th, nr. Church; 25x
102.' *
$1,700 -Cottage - , rooms; Harrison, nr. 23d; 23x
100.'
j'l ►>» — cottage. Vermont, nr. lMh; 4 roomn,
bath: 25x100; $700 on mortgage.
$I.3so— Cottage: bitumen street; 22d st. ; 30x97.
UNIMPROVED.
jo.fOO— Cor 21st and Chattanooga; 27x75.
$l,7,io_Harrison. nr. 22d; 49x100; very cheap.
$1,000— 2 d aye., nr. Pt. Lobos; 25x100; mort-
-6-1 se $400.
j.VGfli)— Green, nr. Buchanan: 55x137 :45.
$1250— Bryant, near 22d; bituminized; 23x100.
$1,250— Mississippi, nr. 19th; 30x100; fine view.
W. H. CRIM .v CO., 118 Montgomery St.
A— sio<yt; a complete little homo at Ingleslde;
$50 down and $14 per month.
$1100— Sunnyside; an elegant little cottage on
your own terms.
Call and see us in regard to some Marin
County property.
We can make special prices on our specialty
homes on easy terms.
Hendriuartrrs for Fruitvale real estate.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Room 2. ground floor. 222 Sansome St.. city.
$2230— MISSION, near 2»th; street accepted; ex-
tra size lot 30x140; a snap that can't be
matched.
$1800— Neat 5-room and bath cottage. 26th St..
nenr Noe; lot 28:4x114; now rented cheap at $14.
$3000— Central aye., near Grove St., with small
building.
$I*oo— Halght; near Broderick; 25x120; Is this
cheap enough for you?
$2000 en^h— Two elegant lets on Waller st.,
close to Stanyan.
$75— Snaps in sand lots. near the Beach.
$600— Cottage and large lot In Frultvale.
MeEWEN BROS., lIS Montgomery st.
VERY fine Castro-st. vacant corner; worthy In-
vestigation: must ho sold a: a sacrifice, quick.
.1. J. EVANS, Real Estate; money loaned to
you and for you; Mills building.
Ji2 SO A MONTH—
Just built: 4 room an 1 bath cottage; 1 block
from MlMlon-st. car*.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post Bt.
3 LOTS Gift Map 2; $15 down. $15 a month.
],].!>• G. Nylander, 611 Moultrle St., Holly
Park.
NEW 4-room cottage Cheap; Installments. 40
Prospect mo.; Mission cars.
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st., makes loans on
second mortgage*, «'Mates. etc.
$5500— '.i 114x107. with Improvements; north-
west corner Diamond and Jersey. W. J.
iiKHRIN. 224 Pine st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18. 1899.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & ~BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. • 826 Market st.
Lots on Seventeenth, Eighteenth. No* and
Hartford Ftp.; just placed on market; offered
cheap and very easy terms.
Retail business block. Sixth st.. near Mis-
sion; always rented- large lot; 2 frontages;
paying big interest on amount asked.
Golden Gate aye., near Leavenworth st.; 3-
story building, store and flats; paying good In-
terest; only $11,000.
Mission st., bet. Ninth and Tenth; 2 flats; can i
be raised and store put under at small expense;
lot 3'J.\S7:6; a bargain.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes st..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low. $55; only $7250; make offer.
$5900— Corner Twenty-third and Noe sts.; 25:6 x
111; nats renting for $40.
$4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$."250— Gough st., near Fulton: 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x52:6.
•WOO only for a nice 2-story house In perfect !
order; Hampshire st., near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$3500— Guerrero st. near Twentieth; 25x100; j
two fiats, renting for $25.
$5000— O'Farrell St., near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; « rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St.. near
Castro; 5 rooms and Ftable; 23x114.
$3250— Golden Gate aye., corner Lyon st. : I
, store and rooms; 32:6x100. j
$3300— Chattanooga st. near Twenty-third; 2 :
fiats; rents |18; lot 26x117.
fISOO— Diamond st. near Nineteenth; 6 rooms i
and bath; rents $12 »0; lot 25x125.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$20,000 Pacific aye., southwest corner Octavla |
«.; 50x127:5.
Corner on Haltht and Octavia sts., 1 block '
oft Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Putter st., nr. Buchanan; 2(!:3x57:6; $3333.
$2u*v_ California, near Broderick; 24:?x82:6.
Eighteenth st., corner Diamond; 25x75: $2250.
$3300— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$2730— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8. j
$1600— Filbert st.. corner Buchanan; 25x90. I
$1750— Union St.. near Webster; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J St.; 25x120. !
$800— Sixteenth St.. near Castro: 23x100. !
Jersey st.; near Noe; 25x114.
$SoO— Twentieth st., corner Douglass; 30x110.
$800— Tremont a y . near Frederick st. ; 25x75.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
|
Large lot on good business street; partially
Improved; rents $250 per month: will take Im-
proved residence property in part payment.
j —$20,000—
Bush st., north side, near Mason; house of 19
rooms; lot 4C'.x 137:6.
i -?13,0n0—
Fine residence of 12 rooms on Jackson St., i
near Central aye.; lot 29:3x127:3 feet
$<!»»!_
Residence of 10 rooms on Clay St., nr. Wal-
I nut: a bargain.
REDUCED TO $Bgoo.
A fine buy In the wholesale commission dis- :
trict: .i 3-story brick building renting for $63
monthly; two good tenants.
$2800
Four flats of 4 rooms each in Mission; rents '
1 $32 per month: lot 25x100
-TISOT-
Good residence of 7 rooms on Stelner st , i
near O'Farrell; lot 22:6x137:6.
—$115 PER FRONT FOOT.—
Lots on north side of Green st.. near Van i
Ness aye.; any size frontage; 205 feet deep. !
I
Send for list of I
MARINE VIEW LOTS IN
PRESIDIO AND PACIFIC HEIGHTS DIS- I
! TRICTS.
I McAFEE BROS . McAFEE BROS.,
10S Montgomery st. San Francisco. j
: RUSSELL & SURRYHNE ~~
RUSSELL A BURRTHNE.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE. j
13S MONTGOMERY ST. i
$4000 — Big bargain: double house 9 rooms n*nd
bath each; rents $32 per month; lot 34:6 x !
110:6; Green st., nr. Polk.
$1250— Very cheap; lot 75x120; Williamson St..
close to Geary.
$7500— A rare bargain: One residence; 10 rooms
and bath: extra large lot, 37:6x137:6; >
Pine ft nr. Laguna: mortgage of $5300. t
$15<rfi— lose to 18th and Valencia; cot' .. 8
rooms renting for $]. . per month; lot 25x !
SO. I
$17.i0— .War 24th and Sanchez; 2 flats 5 and 4 j
rooms; rents Jt2; lot 2 1 .xi14. i
$7230— Want an offer; corner near Pine and Fill- i
more: 2 flats 6 rooms each: rents $52 50; 1
lot 27x87:6. i
$4630 — Leavenworth st., nr. California; house |
v rooms and bath: lot 22:11x80: sold to i
cl Be an estate. :
$62J0 — Rents $'.2 50; 2 new flats 6 and 7 rooms '
and bath; lot 26x100; Page st.
$4000— Snap; McAllister st., nr. Devlsadero; 2 :
flats 7 nnd 5 rooms; rents $35: lot 25x
137:6; street work all done.
We have several fine investments from $10,000 !
to $20,000; also a long list of choice building I
lots in all parts of the city.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$20,500— May be reduced to $1S,5OO; 2 three-
story houses of 9 rooms each on Mission st., a !
few doors east of 6th St.; store? are wanted ]
there and small expense will raise the build- I
: Ings, put stores under and get big rent.
$250?)— Rents $32; Clement St., Richmond; 4
flats, 4 rooms each.
I fiats. 4 rooms each. Foisom: lot 24x100. with
$1« 17th st . near Foisom; lot 24x100, with
old Improvements.
$35, (W0 — A centrally downtown business cor- ■
ncr, paying 9 per pent on the Investment.
$5000— A rare chance on Fulton .st. ; only 3 j
blocks from the City Hall: a 2-story house of 7
rooms and stable; lot 27:6x137:6.
$5600 — nearly new double flat of 5 and 6
rooms at entrance to Golden Gate Park and
j Frederick st.
| $2400 each— 2 double fiats of 9 rooms each, near
; the corner of Sixth and Bryant sts. : rent $25 ea.
j {5000— Folsorn St.. near Fifth; nice double flat
'. 6 and 4 rooms and bath; rent $32.
Several fine properties on McAllister st
$7300— A big bargain; only 2 blocks from ',
j the City Hall, on a coming business street. ....
Bide Van Ness aye.; good house, 10 rooms'; lot
27:«x120.
$10,000— Three excellent 2-story bay-window
houses en Haisht St., 3 blocks from Market; '
lot \:37:6: rent $75. ''.
$25,000 — Rent $160; a prominent northwest cor- I
ncr, 55x100 feet; Improvements of 3 stores and 3 |
, flats above and 2 cottases, all rented; there is ,
; a fortune in this property.
i SOL GETZ, & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCK BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $150— 5150 EACH.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOTS. SECURE ONE
QUICK.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$400 and upward— Graded lots, near the only
Golden Gate Park. They have no equal. $25
; down and $10 monthly.
Branch office Ninth aye. and H st. Open '
i Sundays.
RICHMOND LOTS AT GREAT BARGAINS.
$750 to $950 each— A few choice cottages with
: wells, near Mlsslon-st. electric car line; on In-
stallments.
$100— Ocean View lots; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker Building. !
! C. C. HEM IS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 324 Montgomery st.
• Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-sev-
enth and Douglass sts.; must be sold; *oxll4
feet.
$2500— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; 50x .
i 137:6 feet.
Residence and lot- North line Pacific aye.,
near Webster st.; lot 30x127 :SVi feet.
In Berkeley— Corner lot; 87x150, with modern I
house of i' rooms.
I ONLY $545— sacrifice; the cheapest lot In
I Richmond; lot 23x120.
■ Ninth aye., near Point Loboe aye.: graded; '
street graded, macadamized and sewered; a j
fine purchase: cash or In Installments; $30
first payment.
W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
COLONIAL cottages, modern Improvements; '
Guerrero and Twenty-seventh sts. HENRY
FEIGE, builder. 1024 Capp' st.
j IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park, j
i west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
j them, call on W. J. GUNN. »10 Montgomery.
I IF your property Is mortgaged an.l you n»e.l i
more money *<■• H. MURPHT. 630 Market st. i
1 CHOICEST corner of all: marine and !
Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive- j
ly decorated; hot air furnace; all possible !
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD \
on premises, cor. Fulton and Shradir sts.. ;
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
■ T^ ;
IF your property is r.-i<.rteiur<.»il and you rw*u i
more money re.- H. MURPHY. 630 Market »l. ]
$<!75— BARGAIN; house and lot on San Bruno j
road car line; must be sold this week. J. J. '
EVANS, real estate and loans. Mills bldg.
! II- your property ii mortgaged and you ne«d
more money jiee H. MURPHY, 630 Market st. i
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
~~~^™.~~ ~~ i
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
GROVE-ST. FLATS.
$10.000— Rents $1224 per annum: 3 modern fiats
of 6 rooms and bath on Grove St.". and ,
4 flats on Birch aye.: always rented;
lot 22:11 by 120 feet: double frontage.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE. \
$10,000— A few feet from Van Ness aye., on
California st.: lot alone worth the
money; house 11 rooms and bath; must
be sold.
A NORTHWEST CORNER.
$7500- North of Market: lot 53x120 feet; 10-
-room house in fine condition; bank
mortgage $5500; ►'•'■■■ per cent; can be
purchased for $60 per month until paid. !
PACIFIC HEIGHTS PROPERTY.
$5500— Reduced from $7000; cheapest property
ever offered on Pacific Heights; $5000
can remain on mortgage at 'V-.. per cent;
50 feet frontage on Jackson St., near
Laguna; Improvements: 2 cottages;
must be sold on account departure of
owner.
ALAMO SQUARE RESIDENCE.
$6500 Nice residence; 10 rooms, bath, 1. ■;•■-.
ment; facing on Alamo Square; street
bituminized; make offer.
CLAY-ST. RESIDENCE.
$6250— North side Clay St.. near Webster; 8
rooms and bath; light and sunny all
day.
TAYLOR-ST. FLATS.
$5000- -Rents $576 per annum; - modern fiats
In choice location; will trade for lots
in Western Addition.
FORECLOSURE SALE MUST SELL.
$4250— Amount of mortgage; will take any-
thing above mortgagi nice residence
of 8 rooms and bath; In the best part ■
of the Western Addition; on California
st.; lot 25x137:6.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THIS.
FORCED S.\~E.
$3100— House 6 rooms and bath and stable;
lot 30x75 feet; on O'Farrell St., near i
Scott; expressmen and laundrymen see
this.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$750— Cash balance remain on mortgage at i
6Vt per cent; nice cottage of 6 rooms
and bath in best residence district In
the Mission; street wor- all done; half
. block from Valencia-st cars; for cash— i
5 per cent off— for cai-h.
CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$2500— North side of Fell st.. east of Devisa-
dero; 25x137 8.
STONE ST SMALL INVESTMENT.
$I!KK> — Two flats of 4 rooms each; rents $18; ,
lot 20x60
MASONIC AYE., NEAR MCALLISTER
$780 Nice lot read} for building, $450; mort-
gage can remain; held by Hibernia;
lot 25x106:3.
BARGAIN.
$500— Cheapest lot In the city; 100 feet from ■
Mlssion-st. ears; street work all done;
lot 25x100.
IN VLA MED A.
Worth ?3.">«'. but the owner needs money
and will sell that elegant bouse of S ;
rooms and bath, located in the choic- j
est part of Alameda; lot 36x110; easy !
terms.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu- !
lars apply to
EAST! IN, ELDRIGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
$$$ BUY NOW, BEFORE THE RISE $$$
$23,000— Rents $234) yearly: good Improve- 1 !
ments; large lot; near Suiter and Powell.
$5200— Great bargain; Fillmore st. ; 2 flats;
business location.
$2300— Cost $3.=-i.O; buy this cozy corner home; ;
nice cottage, 5 rooms, bath, brick foundation, ■
basement, yard, etc., on Sanchez st. ; near
cars: sacrifice; only $900 cash required; see this
at once.
$550— Make offer. 22d aye., near Lake st. ; lev*l j
lot; 25x120; marine view; water, gas and :
sewer in street; ready to build on: cheapest
lot In the block.' H. E. POEHLMAN. Real i
Estate and Insurance. 503 California st.
H. MURPHY, 820 Market st., makes loans on
second mortgages. estates, etc.
cuuvrio Ki;.\i, kvi/atk.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
HOTEL.
The Star Hotel at Crockett, In the center of
the town, with a lot 75x140 feet and doing a pro- ;
fitable business; for sale at a bargain.
$425 per acre — 3200 acres deeded land with j
6500 acres fen ed possessory title: near WII- ;
llts, Mendocino County, with Al Improvements; j
will carry 8000 sheep.
$1500- l" acre orchard of apricots, peaches and
prunes in the Woifskill Tract, near Winters,
with good Improvements.
Sum lO'.a acres bparing orchard nt Sunol,
with good Improvements, at a bargain.
Livermore- 100 acres In vineyard and orchard;
opposite C. A. Buckley's; on easy terms.
Fresno County — One of the finest Income rai-
sin vineyard arid orchard property's near Fres-
no, at a bargain.
Exchange 16 acres of prunes and almonds.
Just coming Into bearing; in the Norrls ranch;
near San Ramon.
■ Exchange— A first-das'" residence in East
Berkeley for Ban Francisco property only.
Hotel for sale— ln a thriving interior town
and doing a profitable Justness; particulars at
office.
If you want country lands call and see us.
ONLY $8000. 155 ACRES.
Situated 1'; miles north of Sonoma; 35 acres
fine vineyard; 25 acres orchard; 20 acres grain
land: balance rolling pasture land, well wooded;
a new }-room house, with bath and all modern
conveniences; wide porches, large barn, car- ;
riage sheds, etc.; fine well, wrth windmill and
gas engine and 10,0i)0-gallon tank; a payl/g ,
ranch beautifully situated and In fine condition;
reason for offering BO cheap, owner is In Africa, i
STOCK RANCH. STOCK RANCH.
10,000 ACRES, IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY,
$8 75 PER ACRE. STOCK EXTRA.
Controls ■'■ 00 acres adjoining; 175 good springs;
70 water troughs; well fenced; native grasses
to carry '■" head of cattle.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
TO exchange for any kind of city property,
ranch 160 acres in Alameda County, near
Sun !. fenced barbed wire; spring and creek;
fine land: good stock farm; will pay to in-
vestigate; owner anxious to dispose. .1. .1
EVANS, Real Estate. Money loaned to you
and for you. Mills building.
LOCATIONS made on good Government land
near railroad town for $75, Including survey;
plenty of wood, water and open land. Ad- j
dress Surveyor, box 47."2, Call.
jISOO— IS 1-3 ACRES Al land. 5 miles west of
Pftaluma; no building. Address 136 norland
st., city.
LAKE County— For stock, grain, fruit and I
poultry ranches. improved and unimproved, :
in vicinity of Lakeport and Kelseyvllle. write ;
C. H. BOLLES. Kelseyvllle.
MARIN CO., 21 miles from S. F.— s4o to $.<0 per j
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im- j
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay, grain, !
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail |
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND j
FARM CO., rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills b1.1g., S. F. j
NEW rich land near city; small and large i
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres 'ofi. For particulars of immense crr.ps
raised in dry season of 1897-3S addrrejs THE
COTATI CO., 302 California St.. S. F.
FRUIT, gralr and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rent -The Weekly Call.
IK pairen. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MOHVV TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal, no commission: no delays. J. !
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above I
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount nt 6 1 per cent on real estate. 31
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages' and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R. MeCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. %,
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds nnd Jew- |
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry j
Store. S4G Market st. : telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and j
' pianos ; no removal: low rates; confidential. j
BONELLI, Conservatory bid*.. 130 Powell »t.
LOANS made to salaried people: real an.l
chattel mortgages a specialty: any security
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 39 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note with- j
out Indorser. HILL, room 44, Merchants' Ex- j
change.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS. Real
Estate and Loans. Mills bdg; notify; will call.
REAL estate, '' per cent: 2d mortg.. chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Examiner building.
$30~ TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their not**
without Indorscr TOUSLEY. 532 Parrott bid*.
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamond*, Jewelry an.l clothing.
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save inter- i
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property Is mortir.i«r<?d and you need !
more mor.ev see H. MURPHY. KiP Market.
MO>BV WASTED.
$1500. ALSO $30,000— Owner wants to borrow
separately on valuable city property; large
interest: splendid security. Box 4609, Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A COMPLETE HOME IN
CENTRAL OAKLAND
FOR $375— THIS IS POSSIBLE.
WORTH $2300.
no mort<;ac,f,
a valid TITLE GUARANTEED.
IT SEEMS INCREDIBLE. BUT IT IS TRUE.
CALL AT OUR OFFICE for PARTICULARS.
We've issued a catalogue explaining how it i
Is done. Do you want one?
Send us your address and we will mail it to
you.
60— CHOICE BUILDING LOTS— 9O
In the heart of Oakland, 30x116 and 25x120 each.
Streets all macadamized and sewered. It is
possible for you to obtain one of these lots for
$150
The catalogue tells you all about It.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Rooms 15 and 16, second floor. Mills building.
San Francisco.
ELEGANT residence and grounds for
sale or part trade by ALDEN CO., 902 Broad-
way. I
i-ACRE chicken and fruit ranch at Fruitvale,
by ALDEN CO., SO2 Broadway.
$1350— MODERN 2-story house, central to cars.
for sale at a bargain by ALDEN CO., 902
Broadway.
$650 BEAUTIFUL building lot 40x137'.; street
work complete; half price on foreclosure by
ALDEN CO., 902 Broadway.
MONEY to loan on real estate and furniture,
pianos, etc. ; also upright piano for sale. $125,
and good safe, $65, by ALDEN CO., 902 Broad-
way.
APPLY TO
E. E. BUNCE,
90S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
24 acres in olives and French prunes; fair
improvements; near Napa City; clear; will ex-
change for home in Oakland.
30 acres, clear, near Napa; worth about $4000;
will exchange for house and lot in Oakland.
Well paying rooming house of 50 rooms: ex-
change for small ranch, Improved.
_____
Houses from $1000 to $20,000 for Bale and ex-
change.
Parties desiring to make Investments in Oak- I
land or elsewhere It will pay to call and in-
vestigate some propositions I have.
$625— COTTAGE; Berkeley; 4 rooms; $25 cash, i
balance tfi 50 month. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way. Oakland.
3 SMALL chicken ranches at Petaluma to trade
or fir sale very low; nicely improved. C. K.
KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
8 ACRES beyond Fruitvale, with house and
barn; $3000; cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
3000 ACRES sugar pine lands in Tuolumne |
County cheap; as a whole or in part. C. K.
KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$1300— EASTLAKE cottage of 6 rooms and bath: !
high basement and bay-window; lot 25x125 !
feet; on Market St.. one block from San
Pablo aye.; street work all done.
$750— Choice lot. 60x150 feet; on Ninth aye., in
East Oakland.
$4500 — Residence of 9 large rooms on lot 33x
100 feet; all in first-class condition; within a
few Mocks of Broadway; open for inspection.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway. Oakland.
$90 UPWARD— ?S cash, $.* monthly; build your
own home or we will build for you; stop pay-
ing rent; Galtndo Tract, the cream of Fruit-
vale property; adjoining East Oakland; view,
soil and climate, the streets graded and i
macadamized: sewer and city water: near a :
fine school and car lines; nice neighborhood;
up-to-date cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; a bar- I
gain; call or send for circular. 455 Seventh i
■ St., Oakland; carriage free. H. '/.. JONES '
G. H. LEE.
BEAUTIFUL ELMHURST-Oakland suburb^
near S. P., 40 minutes from S. P., 15 mln- i
: utes from Oakland; home lots in sizes to
i suit: 50x125 feet, with a new modern cottage,
for $650 la beautiful summer home); $50
down, balance to suit purchaser. Further i
particulars address JACOB HEYMAN &
SON, 19 Montgomery st . city.
$125- ONLY a few of those beautiful lots left
In Deermg Tract: terms to suit; for a home !
or Investment there Is nothing bett*r; see '<
them. H. W. DAVIS. Agent, room 9, 905 '
Broadway. Oakland. I
$2600— NEW house: 6 rooms and bath and attic:
the latest colonial style and finish; corner lot,
near business center; local trains and school; |
this Is a forced sale; house Is brand new and
would be cheap at $3500. J. S. MYERS. 1002
Broadway. •
LOTS of money to loan on property In or near '
' Oakland at moderate rates; quickly arranged;
fiat loan or Installments. HUGH M. CAM-
ERON. Broker. 105? Broadway. Oakland:
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to yru from H. Sche!lhaas. the !
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. j
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$8600 BRAND-NEW, elegant 10-room hous^~l
block south of University, plate glass win-
dows; porcelain bath: 2 large fireplaces; j
built by day's work; complete in all details; |
i on high lot affording fine view of bay. etc. ; i
have tenant who will take lease of same at I
$40 per month; one of the finest Investments '
to be had.
Call or address
M. 1.. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway,
Oakland.
BEFORE buying in B-rkeley see our splendid
building sites In the scenic park; adjoins the
university grounds; you don't have to walk :
Bor 10 blocks to and fro from college O'G
MAY & CO.. 212.1 Center st . Berkeley.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
i ROOMS and bath, furnished, piano, cheap to '
August 1. FREESE & CODDINGTON, Berke- \
ley Station. !
FRITIT V A RE A L ESTATE. i
._ ,^_ _„„..-   . ... . . .^.j I
FOR SALE BY FRUITVALE REALTY CO, j
$1550 — 5-room house, entirely furnished with '
fine new furniture: lot 36:6x122; barn. :
chicken houses, etc.; four blocks from
Fruitvale station.
$7000 3 acres choice land with house of 9 rooms
and house of 5 rooms; beautiful grounds;
plenty of fruit; grand view.
$1200—5 rooms; high basement: all modern
house; lot 50x100; barn and chicken houses; !
well and city water; 3 blocks from Fruit- i
vale station. ;
$825— little 3-room house close to Fruit-
vale station.
— iVt acres; 10 minutes' walk from electric
cars: in orchard 10 years old; thrifty trees,
mostly Royal Anne cherries; high and level '
land: sediment soil; house of 4 large rooms;
good well water; barn.
FRUITVALE REALTY CO.,
Fruitvalp Station.
$375— VERY cheap lot; 80x106; only 2 blocks I
from electric car line; cost owner $600.
$?'>"- House of 4 rooms and basement; stable:
fruit trees; fine garden; good well and pump;
lot 50x100; all fenced.
{500 — New cottage of 3 large moms; hard fin-
ished; 2 chicken houses; city water: lot IOOx ;
125: all fenced; 2 blocks from electric cars.
— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; 7-foot
basement; good well; barn; chicken house; lot |
50x146; see this for a bargain.
$2800- Reduced from $3500; H acre lot. with
modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath on one |
floor; 7-Toat basement; fruit trees In bearing; •
fine artesian well, etc.: located in the best resi-
dence section of Fruitvale: only 4 blocks from ;
local station; see this at once.
H. a. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
LOTS and small homes near station; easiest
terms: will build to suit. THE MCCARTHY
CO , Real Estate Owner, 646 Market st., S. 1
F. : D. PRATT. Fruitvale Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$2500— STORE and flat: all clear.
$12.500— Elegant home for a ranch.
$3500— Eight "acres, near Heal lsburg.
See full particulars in Examiner.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
Real Estate Broker,
LOANS NEGOTIATED.
103S Broadway, Oakland.-
NICE Improved residence in Berkeley, with
beautifully laid out grounds, for small im-
proved farm in bay counties: must have good
water facilities. Box 4625. Call office. _
TO exchange: in Alameda, income house of <)
rooms, almost new; will take vacant lots In '
Alameda, Oakland or Berkeley. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda, Cal.
i $3000 FRUIT and grain ranch and $4500 fine \
I fruit ranch for Income' property in the city
or ever the hay. German-American, 34 Kearny.
4 FLATS for property or vacant lots; will as-
sume mortgage or pay difference. H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market st. ;
160 ACRES good grazing land in Monterey
County: 7;. acres tillable; plenty of wood;
what have you? Address box 4601. Call.
M 1.. WI'RTS,
Seventeenth nnd Broadway. (
i inklfin !
KKFORK buying in Berkeley see our splendid
building sites In the scenic park; adjoins the
university grounds; you don't have to walk : ,
Bor l n blocks to and fro from college O'G. !
MAY A- '•!■ . 212.1 Onf-r st.. Berkeley. .
BERKELEY I URNISHEU HOUSES.
i ROOMS and bath, furnished, piano, cheap to '
August 1 FREESE A CODDINOTON, Berke- !
ley Staii'.n
FRI ITV M.l. ItK \l, lIST \TE!
FOR SALE BY FRUITVALE RE*ALTY CO, .
} -room house, entirely furnished with
fine new furniture, lot 3«:f>xl22: barn. !
chicken houses, etc.; four blocks from
Fruitvale station.
; Hires choice land with house of 9 roomß
and house of 5 rooms; beautiful grounds;
plenty of fruit; grand view. , <
|120 l 5 rooms; high basement; all modern i
h'.use; lot 50x100; barn and chicken houses;
well nnd city water; 3 blocks from Fruit- ■
vale station.
|825 — Cosy little 3-room house close to Fruit-
vale station. i ;
$2800 — ihi acres: 10 minutes' walk from electric
cars: in orchard 11 years old; thrifty trees.
mostly Royal Anne cherries; hiph and level
land: sediment soil; bouse of 4 large rooms;
good well water; barn.
FRUITVALE RKAI.TY CO.,
Fruitvalp Station.
$375 VERY cheap lot; R0xl06: only 2 blocks j
from electric car line; cost owner $600,
$.■■">"- House of 4 rooms and basement; stable:
fruit trees; fine parden: good well and pump;
] ■ 50x100; all fenced.
fSOO— New cottnge of S large rooms: hard fin-
lshed; 2 chicken houses; city water: lot 1% :
12.V all fenced; 2 blocks from electric cars.
$1230— Cottage of r > rooms and bath: 7-foot
basement; good well; barn; chicken house; lot |
EOxl-irt; see this for a bargain.
$2$M Reduced from $3. r >i»o: l i acre lot, with
modern cottage of (i rooms and hath on one |
floor; 7-T'"'t basement: fruit trees in hearing; •
fine artesian well, etc.; located in the best resi-
dence section of Fruit vale: only 4 blocks from |
local station, see this at once.
H. A. PLEITNKR, Fruitvale Station, Cal.
LOTS and small h'ime? ivar station; easiest
terms: will build to suit. THE McCARTHT
CO Real Estate Owner, fi46 Market St., S. ]
F. : r>. PRATT. Fruitvale Station".
PROrERTV TO EXCHANGE^
|3600 store and flat: all clear.
112,500 — Elegant home for a ranch.
13500— Eight acres, near Heal lsburg.
See full particulars in Examiner.
HUGH M CAMERON,
Real Estate Broker,
LOAN? NEGOTIATED.
in:,s Broadway. Oakland. I
NICE Improved residence In Berkeley. with '
beautifully laid out grounds, for small 1m- !
proved farm In bay counties; must have good
Water facilities. Box 4625. Call office.
TO exchange: in Alameda. income house of <", [
rooms, almost new: will take vacant lots In '
Alameda, Oakland or Berkeley. J. H. j
YOUNG. iMn Parti st., Alameda, Cal. :
| FRUIT and grain ranch and $4.*>on fine I
fruit ranch for Income" property in the city
W :ver the hay. German- American, Si Kea r ny.
4 PLATS for property or vacant lots; will as- ,
sume mortgage or pny difference. H. C. j
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
l«n ACRES good grazing land in Monterey
County: ";. acres tillable; plenty of wood;
what have yon? Address box 4601. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKMV RKAI. F.STATK.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HuMEiJEKKEKii!! !
These five houses on our list must be sold at |
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $r>so home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home: 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on . the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL.
620 Market St.. S. F.. Bay-st. Station. Ala-
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
SNAP— New House, S rooms and bath: lot 50x |
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta- |
tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln. j
Al.\.Mi:i> V ROOMS AND HO.VHU.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNK K. 141 <i .stn.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
-
SUNNY corner house; large rooms; board for
two. "103 Buena Vista aye.. 2 blocks from
Willow station.
HOUSES TO LET.
— BEST tenants wanted for good landlords:
houses houses houses houses
flats flats flats flats
cottages cottages cottages cottage*
downtown Mission Western Addition
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
AT NW. corner Sinter and Scott; rarely beau-
tiful; appreciated if seen; 6 rooms; glazed
porch; JB3o, water free.
CORNER Bush and Broderick; 9 rooms and
bath; $40.
855 Capp St.; 8 rooms and bath: ?4: 50.
1016 Flllmore St.. near Golden Gate aye.: 7
rooms and bath; $35; in fine order.
306 Grove St.; 10 rooms and bath: $45.
Get our list of houses.
RUSSELL & SURRYHNE,
138 Montgomery st.
FOR rent- House of 7 rooms and bath; 3 blocks
from West End Station, San Rafael. Apply
to MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSE. 11 rooms, $25; for rooming house. 623
Second st. ■
HOUSE of 6 rooms: nice yard and cellar. 1133
Folsona St.; cheap.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. j
1C Montgomery »t. ■
MISSION, 1215%— House of .14 sunny rooms;
bathtubs, etc. ; suitable for roomers.
SUNNY house, 7 rooms and bath. $724 Brod-
erick st., near McAllister; rent $22.
2 FINE houses, SBBfl and 3358 Twenty-flrst st.,
near Guerrero; 7 rooms each; In perfect con-
dition; rent very reasonable: see them. E. G.
DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first st.
$Bfi FURNISHED house; north corner Fell,
facing Golden Gate Park: 2 stories. 10 rooms;
all sunny: modern. HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 4 rooms and bath, complete: cen-
tral: to man and wife only: low rent if good
reference. E. F.. 1509 Buchanan st.
MISSION. 2533, near Twenty-second— S rooms
partly furnished; modern built; latest Im-
provements; water free. Room S. Flood, blder.
5 ROOMS; furnished cottage 4 or 5 months
cheap to desirable parties. Box 4607. Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms. $?. Inquire at grocery
Jersey and Sanchez sts., near Twenty-fourth.
NICE sunny cottage. 3 rooms; yard; $S; rear.
Sl2 Dolores St., near Twenty-first.
SUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; flat. 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth Ft., near Dolores.
TURK, 1562— 4-room cottage; also 3-room rear
cottage; large stable; very reasonable.
2 SUNNY cottages of 5 rooms and bath; laun-
dry and large yard: rent $13.
2 new flats of 5, 6 and 7 rooms and bath; $12.
New cottage of 5, 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
for sale on easy Installments. Inquire at D.
COFFIN'S cigar store, 3323 Mission st.
$12— SUNNY cottage. 6 rooms; newly renovated.
5 Railway aye., off Dolores St.; key at 3579
Seventeenth st.
L ATS to let.
A— BEST tenants wanted . for good landlords.
Flata— Flats— Flats— Flats— Houses— Houses-
Houses— Houses— Cottages— Cottages — Cottages
C tt.ogaa Downtown— Mission— Ad-
dition. A. M. SPECK ft CO., 667 Market st.
A NICE flat of 6 rooms; partly furnished: rent
reasonable. Call between 12 and 4 p. m.. 35
Turk st.
A— $10; 4 ROOMS and bath: yard: sunny cor-
ner: upper flat. 114 San Jose aye.
COZY flat; 3 rooms, bath; modern. 3 Middle
St., off California, near Fillmore.
FEW steps from City Hall fine sunny top flat;
6 rooms, bath. 10 Grove st
FINE sunny flat. 5 rooms and bath: rent $13:
fine store, $10. 2353 Market st.
FLAT— 6 rooms, $14; cottage, 4 rooms, $10 25.
623 Second st.
FLAT of 3 rooms and bath. 3313 Twenty-
street.
FLAT hunting made easy with th» printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWEU*
10 Montgomery st.
HARRISON, 2717. bet 23d and 24th— Sunny flat
of 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
HOWARD. 1072— Flat of 6 nice rooms and
bath.
HOWARD, 2289, cor. Nineteenth— Mission warm
belt: beautiful modern flat; 8 rooms and bath.
MCALLISTER, Upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; reasonable to good tenant.
NEW flats Just completed; McAllister and Fill-
more sta.; very choice. RUSSELL & SUR-
RYHNE. l.'iv Montgomery st.
OAK. 506—130; handsome; modern; lower; sunny;
7 rooms; tine view.
POLK. 1839. nr. Jackson and Putter cars— 4
neatly furnished rooms; bath; gas; crate.
SINGLE lady would like small family to take
part of flat. 4069 Nineteenth st.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats: 7 rooms and bath: $16: repairs to
rait. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
S'_ T NN"\ bay-window flat of 3 rooms and bath;
ti 28 De Long aye.. near Chutes.
$10— UPPER funny flat. 4 rooms; hall: double
parlors 22 Lexington aye., near Eighteenth.
NEW flat. 3 rooms, bath. MB Laskie St.,
Off Mission b»t. Eighth and Ninth.
$11—3 SUNNY nwms at 11 and 17 Adelaide
place, off Taylor St.. near Post.
$12— FLAT. 4 nice rooms: bath: yard. 3231
Twentieth st. Apply 711 Treat aye.
$15 AND $18 " Morris aye., off Harrison St.,
near Sixth; 5 and 6 rooms and bath.
$16 — LOAVER flat, 5 rooms and bath: newly
painted Apply 220 Thirteenth, near Howard.
US — SUNNY lower corner flat. 5 rooms: separ-
ate yard: basement. 2953 Twenty-rlrst St..
near Fil^m.
rooms fob; housekeeping.
ADELINE, 951, Oakland— Pleasant sunny fur-
nlthed housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable;
near local.
BOWIE aye., 5 — 3 large, newly painted and
papered unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
rent cheap to a small family.
BRODERICK. 1921, cor. Sacramento — 3 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; or with stove
and carpet.
BRYANT. 464, near Third— 2 rooms, complete
for housekeeping: private family; bath; ref.
CLEMENTINA, 7"7 2 front light connecting
housekeeping rooms; stove; laundry; bath;
rent $10. j ■
EDDY. 329—2 comfortable connecting back
basement rooms; StOVe, sink, etc.: phone; $7.
ELEVENTH, 868%, over bakery— 2 sunny fron:
rooms for housekeeping: $5 per month.
ELLIS. 61R— 1 large sunny unfurnished room
and kitchen furnished: other rooms; rent
derate.
FIFTH. 353—3 connecting rooms furnished for
housekeeping. $13; also single rooms, $> up.
FOLSOM, 635. near Third— Housekeeping and
single rooms; furnished; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1136—3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms, $1 per
week an.l up; also single.
FRANKLIN. 203—2 sunny furnished rooms;
kitchen; bath; corner.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
suites: other rms.; privilege light hkpg.i tel.
GEARY. 1917— Furnished and unfurnished flats;
each 4 rooms, 2 baths. 2 toilets, 2 cellars;
gas; every convenience; $IS.
HARRISON. 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping: large yard; rent $14.
HOWARD. 528, bet. First and Second— Nice
furnished sunny room and also housekeeping.
HOWARD. -Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window sulte;"kitchen; man and wife: others.
HOWARD. 1061—2 sunny, connecting, complete-
ly furnished housekeeping rooms; run. water.
LARGE sunny furnished room: bath; grate;
running water; large closet: pleasant home;
central; rent low. Box 4726, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPING Continued.
LANGTON. 15, near Seventh and Howard— Cot-
tage, 3 neatly furnished rooms. Tiousekpg. $10.
LAKKIN. S26— l or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LEAVENWORTH, $11— Unfurnished sunny 4-
room floor for couple: bath; yard; $12.
MINNA. 2?— Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms: $1 per week. " v
MINNA. 589, near Sixth— Large front sunny
room furnished for housekeeping: and other
rooms.
MINNA. 545—2 sunny furnished connecting
rooms; suitable for light housekeeping: rent
very reasonable.
MINNA 373. near Seventh— Large back parlor:
sunny kitchen: yard: all complete; cheap rent.
i MISSION. 1063— Room for housekeeping; also
single rooms.
MISSION, 3J40— 1 or 2 sunny rooms in modern,
private house; use of piano; terms reason-
able; take Ingleslde car. ■
NATOMA. 734, near Ninth— Nicely furnished
! front room, with use of kitchen, for man and
Wife; rent reasonable.
OAK. -Two sunny parlors furnished for
housekeeping, $12; 1 front room, same, $S
PERRY. 263—3 unfurnished large sunny rooms:
new house: separate entrance: rear; cheap.
PINE. 1304— Sunny bay-window basement, 3
i rooms, for light housekeeping.
; PINE. 2903— Front and 2 connecting rooms:
i sunny; unfurnished: housek'plng; very cheap.
POST, 719— Housekeeping rooms. $20: single
room for gentleman
POWELL. 944—3 desirable unfurnished house-
keeping rooms In new corner flat, with gas
stove.
SECOND. 127— Sunny housekeeping rooms, $150
per week.
SEVENTH, 282— Newly painted large furn. rms;
Ist floor; front garden; back yard: stove.
SHOTWKLL. 736—2 front rooms, furnished or
unfurnished, $7 a month: light housekeeping.
SIXTH. 216% — Nicely fur. sunny front rooms;
single and hskpg.; running water: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 to 4 nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms. $7 to $12.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Housekeeping
rms.: complete: newly tinted; $S up; homelike.
i THIRD. 340— Sunny rm. complete for hskpg.,
.?1 50 wk. ; 1 large front alcove rm., $2 week.
! TURK, 524. near Lsrkin— Sunny basement floor:
i 2 large unfurnished rooms; yard: tubs; $10.
i TURK, 543 — Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping: gas stove; $3 25 week.
| TWELFTH. 145 — 2 sunny rooms complete for
; housekeeping; also 3 rooms; gas and water.
TWENTIETH, 3622. near Valencia— sunny
furnished connecting rooms; bath, sink.
WASHINGTON. 2907— Upper floor, 3 large sunny
unfurnished housekeeping rooms: rent $16.
j CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in the
l United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LBT. ~~
j ARLINGTON^iouse. IJ7 Kearay St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
[ ASH aye.. 220— Newly furnished sunny front
j room, half price.
I AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor its.—
: Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
! A— SUTTER. 717, Furnished beautifully;
' very choice; reasonable; appreciated If seen.
| BALBOA. 1049 A Market— Changed hands: re-
spectable, first-class rooming house; elegant
sunny outside rooms: elevator; modern • con-
veniences prices reasonable; transient solicit-
ed. H. H. McCOLLISTER, Proprietor.
BUSH. 830%, corner Taylor— Furnished rooms
I to let for gentlemen.
! BUSH. 1124, cor. Beautiful rooms, $10 and
$12; sun, bath, running water; home comforts.
BUSH, 1199— Sunny, desirable, choice room; ap-
preciated If seen; $10.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
j CLEMENTINA, Sunny furnished front
; room.
I
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
I furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
i EDDY, 612, key 613 Eddy— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; private entrance; sun all day.
! ELLIS, Tastily furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; will allow light housekeeping; $».
; FOLSOM, 820, near Furnished rooms,
$1 week and up.
i FOLSOM. Sunny furnished front rooms,
! single or double, cheap.
i GEARY. Large well-furnished suite, run-
| ning water. $20 mo.; hkpg.; others, $150 wk.
i GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Front sunny room
and kitchen: single room, $5.
i GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE. 208, near Van Ness aye.— let; a
nice sunny front room, cheap.
i HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HANDSOMELY furnished sunny front room:
• running water: private family; reasonable. 727
Golden Gate aye.
j HARRISON, 784%. near Fourth— Finely frnshd.
rms.; sunny; bath: homelike; conv'ces; $1 wk.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 8.3 Butter, near Btockton —
i Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator: free baths.
! HOWARD, 959— Double and single room; pri-
vate family.
JONES. 608— Small room in private family;
I rent reasonable.
i KEARNY. 326— Sunny second parlor, with use
of front parlor, for gentleman or man and
I wife, in private family; rent cheap. Inquire
! shoe store,
LARKIN, '•04— Single sunny room neatly fur-
nished, $4: large sunny furnished, $7.
LF.AVENWORTH. 510— Nicely furnished sunny
room in private family; $5 month.
i LINDEN aye.. 35S — sunny front room fur-
nished; suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen: call In
the evening.
MARKET. 1685, bet. 6th and 7th— Several choice
i front sunny suites: also single: from $1 50 up.
i MISSION. 925%— Handsomely furnished sunny
bay-window front room: first flat; reasonable.
MISSION, Elegant and new furnished
rooms; also suite suitable for doctor.
j MISSION, 1220— Sunny double room; grate:
running water; $10; single for $6.
MINNA. 567. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
1 OCTAVIA, 418—1 or 2 sunny furnished rooms,
with or without use of kitchen.
: O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
I O'FARRELL, ISA, nr. Powell— frnshd.
| rms.; bath; gas; quiet; home comforts.
! O'FARRELL. 427 — Small prettily furnished
room; also handsome large room.
O'FARRELL. 639 — Sunny, pleasant and home-
; like rooms; modern house.
POLK. 1602— Unfurnished front room; one or
two small furnished rooms.
POWELL. 15— Newly fur.: new management:
single, double, transient; next to Columbia.
' POWELL, 17— Large and small, well kept rms.;
j gentlemen preferred; convenient to theaters.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light; reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor: room?, per night. 35c to $1 50:
week. $2 to $8; month. $S to $J0; elevator on
i office floor: rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 2902. cor. Howard— Single fur-
nished room. $1 a week.
STEVENSON. 537%— Sunny room, well fur-
nished. $1 per month.
i SUTTER. 1111— Furnished rooms, single and in
I suites. al«o housekeeping; terms reasonable.
: THE WALDORF 24 Fifth St.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. 25. near Market— Sunniest rms. In 3.
F. ; white lights; extra good beds: cheap.
TURK. 29, cor. Taylor— Housekeeping and
i sunny single rooms reasonable..
i TURK, l«!j. nr. Taylor-Prettlly frnshd. rm.
i for gentleman; quiet; private: central: $12 mo.
1 TURK, 524. near Larkln— Sunny hal! room or
large back rm.; private family; for lady; ref.
i TURK, 542— Large sunny bay-window front
room; 3 blocks of City Hall: bath.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3210. near Folsom— Nice
sunny bay-window front room: also 2 bed-
rooms: use of bath; private family; rent
reasonable.
VALENCIA. 1306— Furnished or unfurnished
rooms; sunny and cheap.
I VAN NESS, aye.. 43— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bay-window suite; kitchen; also other
rooms.
VAN NESS five.. 1021— Sunny front suite and
kitchen, gas range; bath.
i WEBSTER. 919. cor. Golden Gate aye.— 2 large
front rooms furnished; $12.
: Additional Classified Advertisements
en Page 14.
1314
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
}1 A WEEK— Large sunny single room; closet;
bnth. private, ttl Fifth st.; call Monday.
a WEEK 1 8 news for 5 cents The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for ma.llinn. II per year.
ROOMS AM) HOARD.
AT 415 First Ft.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $G a week up; Swedish borne parlor
BEAUTIFUL sunny alcove rooms suitable ;nr
2: grand view; desirable location; strictly
private. ."28 Oak St.
HOTEL V: I Hyde, oor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, bath ; boai.l optional.
PALMAS 1810 Markel Parlor. 2 bed-
rooms, suitable : ■ bath; board op.
OTARRELL 742 Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double. $20.
POWELL 309 di ' rf )- facing Union
cq —Furnished nultes and plngle rooms; in
busings* locality for table boarders.
BOUTH P-MtK 159— Large funny front suite:
first floor; privilege of hskpg; board optional.
BUTTER 1128 Lovely sunny rooms with board;
pretty garden; hon* king.
TWO young ladies or school girls may have
■ :n respectable private fam-
ily; music lessons given by competent teach-
, f ni. !ii.l.-d. l'.r S3.V 143:.8 Mission Ft.
( HILUKKX HOARDED.
fED - children to boar.l. In the country;
kin.ierpai ten training an.l pleunant home sur-
roundings; references exchanged. Address
P. O. box J7, Palo Alto, Cal.
LADY having no children of her own has gocl
tor Riii of 5 years. MRS. M. , box 4719,
call office.
GERMAN woman lias good home for one or
two children; terms reasonable. 446 1 ? Na-
toma st.
Ie tor 2 children over - years. 239 A
SI . ley st.
WANTET> One or two children to board; also
room 43? Minna »t.
INFANTS boaided; confidential. Box 700. Call
office
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 103.' Market st. : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
A nEST tenants wanted for good landlords;
■tores stores stores
• ir nil kinds of business
downtown Mission Western Addition
A. M SPECK & C< ' . o*7 Markel
FINE new etore; suitable for er-.'-er «.r any
ness; McAllister and Fillm'-r*- sts. RUS-
BELL .v- BURRYHNE, 138 Montg
• - re, living rooms and sta-
ble; low tii good tenant. Box a:m. Call office.
SIXTH, 204— First-class location for dry goods,
millinery or fancy go..'is. rent reasonable.
v . WOLF, upstairs.
Si.-XX. Twenty-third and Guerrero. 3 rooms.
• : cellar
STiT.F lo lease— First-class location for cigar
! corner Market. California and Drumm
Bts. MADISON & BURKE. BM Market St.
["ORE, use of fl\turet-. | 1 for .Iress-
small business. 553 fifth st.
(16 MINN \. 140, near Third; Qi
Apply BALDWIN & HOW-
:■■ M ■'.'tr-.m"ry st.
I XPERT OPTICIANS
MATERLE, Qerman Expert Optician;
- h^rier member American Association of Op-
ticla Market st., S. F. ; examlna-
• : d free; pen e\i»iimKs.
MEDI< AL.
A SURE, fife and speedy cure for nil female
• ises all th «c who «re stck or dlscour-
»n the .1. ctor and state their
,>p :„.;. re going elsewhere; they will find
In her a true friend; a !...me for patients. ,
with every .■■■infort. convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
!: h.-me treatment. $.'. ; no instru-
ment? used; satisfaction guarantee. l or money
refun!-!. bj MRS DR GWYER, 510 Eddy
st.. bet. Hyde an.l Larkin. i fflce hours. M to
12 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by appointment
: y.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
catt-f of monthly Irregularities c.from what-
ever caused, tafe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; n.' instruments used: cure at office, I
fo: home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save tlm* anl expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where MRS I'R. WYETH, M 2 Post st. bet. i
Hyde and Lnrkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p m.; Sunday, 10 to U and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies- -C ..nly Dr. and Mrs. M. I'avies,
true friend? of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irrrpularlty ; disgrace
u\ ilded; kind sympathy and aid; sure re!W,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay, self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential MRS. M DAVIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, Jl: very' *tn-.ng. $2.
A TREATMENT that restore-;- instantly all
.■ases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause; positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cur-? at office, $5; travelers help^.l in-
Ktantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS I>R KHHL. 1122 Market St.. between
M.-i:-..n and Taylor; office hours, J to j and 7
- p. rr Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANI A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure. J.i; restore? In 1 day and
pre\- ■■ . '-an be sent; consultation
free: la.l>«' physician, practice 27 years.
DR POPPER, SlB Kearny st.
A — DR. O. "W O'DONNELL, world-renowned
f»mr»ie specialist, reli'-ves monthly irregulari-
t;es, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
tr-at<i sucessfully more cas-»s of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never faiis to
cure; consult him first, save time and money;
treatment can oe used at home; consultation
te. 1028H Market »t.
FP.EE treatment until cured To Intro. luce th"
famous Yosemlte Mineral Wa'er. a limited
nun 1 b treated free. This w;it->r
.'r.ntaln;= the most wonderful curative powers
ever in ;i mineral water; In
gate thi« i iur testimonials. THE FO- :
SEMITE REMEDIES CO., 1007H Market at
DR WONG WOO, herb doctor; I'hinosp tfa and
herb sanitarium, 7R4-766 Clay st . San Fran-
cisco; all dlwHises cured exclusively by c'hl-
nete herbs, river 3000 varieties being ueed.
advice free, hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
ani 7 to 9 p m.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable; tak«
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours: we]],
known. reljnMe, safe ami sure; maternity
home: no Instruments: consultation free and
confidential; home treatment S3. MRS. AL-
LEN. 22* Van Ness aye.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards A Co., 40fi Clay
st.; Jl 80. Send Jc stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co., - r .3l X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAI' S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. o. D. ; don't delay until too lale.
OSOOOD BROS . Coast Agent--. Oakland, Cal
A-DR. and MRS. SILVA. SUM Mason st.~
Prlvate home In confinement; ladles 1 friend
In trouble; terms reas. ; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden, Oakland; home In confinement;
children B<lontel out. Take Orove-st car.
I>R AND MRP. WEGENER, ITil Golden <;nr»
aye.; private home In confinement; h;ihie s
adopted Into good homei>.
DR. and Mr*. Wise, UIR Market st. -Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back, $5 up.
PRIVATE home during confinement: h»«t of
attendance. Address box f.27. Call office
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls^
eased of the human body. Ui Mason st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAOUIRE & GALLAOHER-JamfTo. Ma^
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market st. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W King, attorney at law.
sixth floor, Chronicle building; no advance
charg«s; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful; advice free; of-
fice open evenings from S to 9. HUGH C
GRANT, room 804, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 86u Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free, no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. 8. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Ma r ket ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
HORSES.
HORSE, harness, business buggy: also plat-
form spring 2-horse wagon, nearly new, at
a bargain. Address 665 Guerrero st.
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction Bales every Wednesday.
SULLTVAX & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYB on hand; well broken mcd. business
and work horses. Chase A Meri<l»nhall. *ur-
ceieors KilllP & Co.; ealesyard, 1732 Market.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
2 FIRST-CLASS 3-spring business buggies, $25
and J45. 55 Beale St., upstairs.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses, 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets, C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister St.. cor. Larkln; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate: carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
CONKLINS Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. ■ ■
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st..
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, June 24. 1899, and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for six months commencing
July 1. 1899, and ending December 31. 1899.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bide will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It
Is In accordance with such schedules. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent if the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by Ihw. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia, room 13. 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice is hereby given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, 1599. and
ending September 30, 1899, with the following
articles:
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions 3. Butter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
mlllstuffs. 6. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids will be opened Friday, June 30. 1899. at
7:30 p. m.. Nt the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue. Oakland. Cal.
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc., can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home.
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured In California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies are In-
vited to be present at the oi>enlng of the bids. I
By order of the Board of Directors.
GEO. S. MEREDITH. sec-«tary. '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
R. E. L. Stegnll and Lorena B. Showers.. 3o— 3l
Claus ■' Clausen and Wllhelmlne Frank.. 2B— j
Ed.far D. Watson and Annie Sheehan 26—20
Walter I. Cook and Marguerite Schneider. 3o— 22
William M Morgan and Mary M. Watson. 4s— 42
Hyne Casper and Sarah Mills 21—22
John Lopori and Mary Martinelll 4.".— 35
Fred K. Brown and Clotilda R. Frishie 27-23
Jay D. Lemmon and Hannah J. Foley — 25— 22
H. A. .T. Gessenberg and Rllda M. 015en. .24—22 '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by |
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
RABCOOK— In this city. .Tun* 17, 1599. to the
wife of Joseph H. Babcock, a son.
CAESAR— In this city June 6, 1899. to the wife
of J. S. Caesar, a son.
DIXON— At the Potrero, June' lo. 1?99, to the
wife of James Dixon, a son
DOUGLAS— In this city June 9. IBM, to the
wife of H. D. Douglas, a daughter.
GALLAGHER— this city. June G, 1899, to the !
wife of Gustave C. Gallacher of Olaa. Ha-
waii, a son. (Hllo. H. 1., papers please copy.)
HAMMER— In this city. May 24, to the wife of
Frank G. Hammer, a son
KELLY— In this city. June 17. 1899, to the wife
of. Francis John Kelly, a daughter.
LOYALL— In this city. June 16, 1899, to. the
wife of Robert B. Loyall, a daughter.
MURPHY— In this city, June 16, 1899. to the
wife of E. F. Murphy, a son.
MYLAR— In this city, June 7. to the wife of J.
P. Mylar, a daughter.
O'BRIEN— In this city. June 10, 1539. to the
wife of Martin F. O'Brien, a daughter.
POTTOR-In this city. May 21. 1899. to the wife .
of Stephen A. Pottor, a ion.
PROSCHOLD— In this city. June 15. 1899, to
the wife of Dr. H. J. Proschold, a son.
SOMERVILLE— In this city, June 4, 1599, to
the wife of Robert Snmerville. a son.
WILSON— In this city, June 12, IS??, to the
wife of Frank A. Wilson, a son.
_______
~~MARR£EDr
GALE— HUBBERT— In this city. June 16. 1899.
by the Rev. J. .N. Beard, D.D., Benjamin P.
Gale and Sarah P. Hubbert, both of San
Francisco.
STEGALL— SHOWERS— In this city, June 17,
by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice of the Peace, R.
E. Lee Steeall and Lorena Brashear Show-
ers, both of this city.
____ __
DIED."
Adams, Mary Mrs. Lundholm. John
Anderson. I^rlne M. Miller. Alice
Bancroft, John D. Mulllns. Garbett
Biver, Louise S. Patterson. Mary P.
Clark. Andrew J. Parker. Willie
Doherty, Charles Parry. Frank F.
Daffy, Patrick Plato. Augusta
Fisher. George A. Russell. Maty
Hunter. Joan N. G. Scott. William John
Jenkins. Annie Simmer. Gesine
Knight. William A. Walsh. Michael
Levy, Isaac D.
ADAMS- In this city, June 16. 1599, Mrs Mary
A. Adams, sister of Mrs. James G. Chown,
a native of Buffalo, N. Y.
E3" Interment at Napa, c a l , this day
(Sunday), June 18.
ANDERSON— In Oakland. Lorine Mary An-
derson, beloved daughter of John and Minnie
Anderson, and sister of William Caesar and
Albert John Anderson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 14 years 3 months and 15 days.
[TXFuneral postponed on account of death
of brother. Albert John Anderson. Notice of
funeral of both hereafter.
BANCROFT— In El Verano. Sonoma County.
June 12. John D. Bancroft, a native of West-
field, Mass., aged 68 years.
BIVER— In this city, June 12. 1899, Louise Su-
sanna, beloved child of August Blver. and
twin sister of Annie Lizzie Blver. a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and 18
days.
ICRemalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. 636 Washington street.
CLARK— In this city. June 17. 1899. Andrew J.,
beloved son of John and Annie Clark, and
brother of James, Richard, Jerome, John and
Mary A. Clark, and nephew of Richard
Coughlln, a native of New York, N. V.. aged
24 years 2 months and 26 days.
DOHERTY— A month's mind requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Charles Doherty at St. Ignatius Church
to-morrow (Monday). commencing at 8
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
DAFFY— In the City and County Hospital,
June 17, 1899. Patrick Daffy, a native of Ire-
land, aged 35 years.
FISHER— In Alameda. June 17, 1899. George
A., beloved nusband of Annie E. Fisher, and
father of Eva B. and Harry S. Fisher. Mrs.
Wilson F. Holden and Mrs. Frank C. Howe,
aged 62 years.
Not Ice. of funeral hereafter.
HUNTER— In this city, June 16, 1899. Joan N
G. Hunter, widow of the late David Hunter,
a native of Scotland, aged 68 years and 2
months.
C^TFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
• tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence. ?03 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
JENKINS— In this city. June 17. 1899, . Annie,
beloved wife of John Jenkins, a native of
County Claire, Ireland, aged 60 years.
t'7" Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday). at 9:30 o'clock. from her
late residence. 127 Ferric street, off Point Lo-
bos road., thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy
street, between Devisadero and Broderick
where a requiem high mass will .-be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at IT) o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KNIGHT— In this city. June 15. 1899, William
A. Knieht. a native of California, aged 41
year?. (Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
E7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors nt
H. P. Peterson & Co.. 228 McAllister street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HENRY _. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), •■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. 1
Telephone South 80.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 18, 1899.
LEVY— In this city, June 15, 1899, Isaac D.
Levy, dearly beloved husband of Mollte Levy,
and father of Aaron and Harry Levy, and
son of S. Levy and the late Shama Levy, and
brother of Joseph H., Abram H., Alex and
Ellis Levy. Mrs. A. Kramer and Mrs. S.
Thall. a native of Germany, aged 50 % years.
3 months and 11 days. A member of King
David Lodge No. 209, F. and A. M.: Court
Washington No. 37, F. of A., and Unity
Lodge, I. O. B. B. (San Luis Obispo papers
please copy.) .■>-"',
ir^TFTif-nds and acquaintances ! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where the services will be held under the au-
spices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F. and A.
M . thence to Third and Townsend streets
by 11:30 o'clock train. Cremation Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LUNDHOLM— In the City and County Hospital,
June 17. 1899, John Lundholm, a native of
Sweden, aged. 67 years.
MILLER— In this city, June' 17, 1899. Alice, be-
loved mother of Fred, Thomas, Alice. May
and the late Gertrude Miller, and widow of
the late Robert Miller, a native of Nova Sco-
tla. Canada, aged 43 years.
lC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence. 3329 Twenty-first street, near Va-
lencia. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MULLINS— In this city. June — , 1899, Garbett
Mulllns. non of William and Alice E. Mulllns.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 month and
10 days.
PATTERSON— In Santa Rosa. June 16, 1599,
Mary P. Patterson, widow of the late Crosby
Patterson, and mother of Mrs. William Me-
Elheran and Mrs. William Plant, a native of
Marshfleld. Mass., aged 73 years 8 months
and 9 days.
PARKER— In Woodland, June' 16. 1599, Willie,
beloved son of W. J. Parker.
PARRY— In this city. June 15, 1599. Frank F.,
beloved husband of May Parry and son of
Mr. and Mrs. 1. Parry and brother of Mrs.
J. McCarthy, Mrs. William Lyons and Miss
Mamie Parry and son-in-law of Mr. and
Mrs William Van Valkenbergh, a native of
California, aged 21 years 1 month and 20
days.
CyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from the residence of his father-
in-law, 107 Guerrero street, between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Fourteenth and Guerrero streets.- Interment
private.
PLATO— this city, June 16, 1599. Augusta,
beloved wife of Samuel Plato, and mother of
Annie, Ruth, Robert, Fred and Isaac Plato,
a native of Prussia, Germany, aged 88 yeafs.
|T7"FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday,- at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1409 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
New Salem Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, June 16. 1899, at St.
Vincent's School, Mission street, between
Second and Third, Mary Russell, a native of
St. Louis, Mo.
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, June 17. 1899. William
John, beloved son of William and the late |
Catherine Scott, and brother of James W. ■
Scott, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
years 9 months and 2 days.
(_~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late res- j
idence, " 41S Grove street, thence to Sacred j
Heart Church. Fillmore and Fell streets.
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing: at 9 :
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. J
; SIF.MER— In South San Francisco. June 14.
L 899, Geslne Slemer, dearly beloved wife of
Fred Siciner and devoted mother of Mrs. J.
Peterson, Mrs. C. Mathers, Mrs. F. Don- !
nelly and Fred Jr., Henry, August and
Charles Siemer, a native of Germany, aged
t64 years 2 months and 14 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Mr. F. Donnelly. 1437 j
Seventh avenue South. South San Francisco.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car- I
riage.
: WALSH— this city, June 17. 1<99. Michael, !
beloved husband of Jane Walsh, and father
of Myles and John Walsh, a native of Hal-
Unrobe, Ireland, aged 71 years.
YOUNG ladles' Institute— Sisters: An anniver- j
sary requiem high mass will be offered for I
the reix>se of the soul of our late grand |
president. Sister Sophie A. Grote, to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, in Holy Cross Church. j
Eddy and Scott streets. All members and :
friends of the order are invited to attend.
MRS. M. A. NAGLE. Grand President.
JOSEPHINE T. MOLLOY. Grand Sec. j
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 17.— Exchanges, $279,-
-477; balances, $72,926.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 17— Wheat- Walla
Walla, 59g59Vic; Valley, 59®6f*c; Bluestem. 61
i <g62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 17.— An Improvement
of i ? cent in wheat marked the close of the
week, prices going up to .')8 1 -..c for Club. 61'^c
for Bluestem.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. June 17.— California fruit sold
to-day: Apricots— Royals, $1 15@2 per crate. '
Prunes— S,imoni, $1 15*52 05 per crate; Tragedy.
Jl 30®2 05. Burbank. $1 4"i. 35 per
crate; Abundance. $lig2; Red June. $1 3.V?il 85: |
Mikado, $1 40@l 70; Clyman, 80cf@$l 15; Royal j
Hative, BSc@sl 15. Peaches— Alexander, 50085 c
per box and 70i.-f.c per box: Hale's Early. BOc;
Eulatls. 70c. Cherries— Tartarian, 75c@$2 10 per ;
box; Bigarreau, 50cQJ3 75; Royal Anne, Jl 15® !
2 80; Republicans. 60cff12 25; Eagles. 75c(&Jl 35.
Builders' Contracts.
I H. and S. Sachs (owners) with California
Concrete Company (contractors), architects
Salfteld & Kohlberg— Excavation and concrete
work of basement. Including plastering of side
walls and finish the concrete sidewalk, for im-
provements to building on SW corner of Bush
and Battery streets. W 137:6 by S 32:2; $1565.
Kati? W. Healey (owner) with I>enke Broth- I
ers (contractors), architect A. Reinhold Denke I
Jr. — All work for a two-story five-room frame [
dwelling on W line of Masonic avenue, 365:2
S of Frederick street, S 10, SW 116:5, W 65, E
100: *1592.
William B. and Bertha Tischbein (owners)
with W. E. Grant( contractor), architect none —
All work for a one story and a half finished
basement cottage on E line of Twelfth avenue,
125 N of I street, N 25 by E 220, outside lands
662; $1425.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 17.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 25 hours from Point Con- I
ception.
Stmr Scotia, Lundqulst, 21 hours. from Rock-
port.
.Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 41 hours from San
Pedro.
Hr ship Springburn, Rae, 71 days from New-
castle. Australia,
Br ship Crompton, Kidd, 142 days from
Swansea.
Schr Repeat, Olsen, 23 days from Honolulu.
Schr Lcttltia, Wilson, 6 days from Grays
Harbor.
SAILED.
Saturday, June 17.
Stmr Hueneme. Johnson, Honolulu.
Stmr Weeott. Burtis. Eureka.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Hall, Coos Bay.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Cleone, Hlgclns, .
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
S?tmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usal.
Schr Western Home. Docweritz. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 17, 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, southwest; velocity, 16 miles.
DISASTER.
SEATTLE— June 17— Stmr Humboldt, bound
from Seattle for Skaguay, Is ashore at Chat-
ham Straits. '"-< s
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 17— Stmr Santa Cruz,
for San Francisco; stmr Czarina, for San
Francisco.
FORT Arrived June 17— Schr Mary C,
hence June 15, and sailed June 17 for San
Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived June 17— Stmr Westport,
hence June 10.
USAL — Arrived June 17 — Stmr Navarro,
hence June 16.
EUREKA— Arrived June 17— Stmr Weeott,
hence June 15.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed June 17— Schr Nettle
Sundborg, for San Francisco; Monterey, for
San Franelfeeo.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Jnne Stmr Mack-
inaw, hence June 13 for Tacoma; stmr Willa-
mette, hence June. 14, for Seattle.
PORT TO.WNSEND— SaiIed June 17— Bark
Semlnole, from Moodyville, for Sydney.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 17— Br ship Kao-
mene, from Port Angeles. Sailed June 17 —
Stmr Columbia, for San Francisco.
RE DON DO— Arrived June 17— Schr Jennie
Stella,- from Grays Harbor.
BANDON— Arrived June 17— Schr Volante.
hence May 30. . ■ ".", /;' ■v : i ■■;■•■ -
SAN DlEGO— Sailed . June 17— Jap war stmr
Hlyel, for Yokohama.
EASTERN PORTS.
BOSTON— Arrived June 17— Catalonia, from
Liverpool.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— June 15— Br ship Seafarer, |
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 17— Br ship Cop-
tic, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 17— La Touraine.
for Havre: Amsterdam, for Rotterdam, via i
Boulogne; Campania, for Liverpool; Palatla, i
for Hamburg; Furnessla, for Glasgow; Mar- I
queue, for London.
HONGKONG— Arrived ' June 17— Athenian,
from San Francisco. ■ .
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 17— Empress of
China, for Vancouver. ' |
NEWCH WANG— Arrived June Tyr, from I
Port Blakeley.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 17— Mesaba, from
London: Vmbria, from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 17— Stmr. Etru-
rla. from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 17— Stmr Gae- j
lie, from San Francisco.
MILD LANG SYNE
IN OLD TUOLUMNE
Pioneers Make Merry at
Sonora.
ORATORY AND A BARBECUE
FRIENDSHIPS RENEWED AFTER
MANY YEARS.
Miss Minnie B. Kallock of San
Francisco Elected President
of the Reunion
Association-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONOMA, June 17.— The sun rose clear
and hot on the Old Tuolumneites thU
morning, and with scarcely any breezo
stirring and the mercury in the thermom
eter standing above the blood-heat mark
most of the day the celebration has.been a
warm one literally as well as sentiment
ally. The crowds began pouring imo
town shortly after sunrise and kept com
ing on foot and by every means of con- j
veyance all day from every point of the !
compass. The Soulsbyville and Angela
Camp people brought their home banus
with them, and these added to the Tupl
umne cornet band made music plt-nutui. :
The procession formed at 1" 0 clock,
marched through the main street ana
headed for Moringo's Park, where the
grounds and -pavilion had been prepared
for the visitors and decorated on a scu.o j
as elaborate as that of the buildings in j
town. The whole parade would have- be sn
a credit to a much larger place. The gay
uniforms of the members of the Souls*.;. -
ville band, the back load of old forty
niners, the 350 children gayly dressed and
carrying flags, the Dardanelle Parlor, the
float of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, occupied by the beautiful
Miss Teasy Meyer, dressed as the God
dess of Liberty, 'were features of the pio
cession.
At the pavilion, after a few selections
of music, C. H.- Kurdeti was select, d
chairman of the day. He made a tew re
marks and called oh Rev. \V. T. Curnow,
the chaplain, for a prayer. Music by the
Soulsbyville band, a song of welcome- by
the children, an original recitation by
Mrs. Ford; a duet, "Tuolumne," by
Meedames James Eddy and E. T. Gould;
the reading of a poem, "California." by
Miss Alice Warren, and then came the
oration of the day by ex-Judge Robert
Ferral, an old Tuolumneite. His speech
had been looked forward to by his old
friends here, ami when he arose to speak
they gave him a great ovation.
Judge Ferral > words, brought out by
the Inspiration of th>- occasion, struck
to the hearts of his audience. Aside from
telling the history and purposes of the
association, he read his famous poem.
"The Birth of the Flag." and recalled
many humorous Incidents of olden tim-s.
He said he was not an old man; at least,
when he was out from home they called
him "one of the boys." While speaking
he took a drink nf water, and said it was
the first he had had in a long time, as the
people in San Francisco had ciuit drinking
water until the light with the Spring Val
ley Water Company was over. The ex
cessively warm day brought out many
sparks of humor.
An old-time barbecue followed. Barbe
cued meat, bread, pickels. crackers, but
ter, cake, coffee and ice water were
served. There were no kl'nvs or forks.
and wooden plates and tin cups consti
tuted the tableware. There waa plenty
for all.
After dinner the officers and directors
for the ensuing year were elected as fol
lows:
President. Miss Minnie B. Kalloch, San
Francisco; secretary, L. L. Nelson. San
Francisco; treasurer. Mrs. C. P. Fnrd.
San Francisco; directors— C. H. Burden,
Sonora; Charles G. Bacon. Sonora; J. A.
Sampson, San Francisco; J. L. Homer,
San Francisco; Miss Minnie B. Kalloch,
San Francisco; Mrs. Belle \V. Conrad.
San Ffancisco; 1,. L, Nelson, San Fran
clpco; L>. Sewell San Francisco; J. H.
Shine, San Francisco; William Dooley,
San Francisco; Mrs. C. P. Ford, San
Francisco.
The oldest pioneer present was John
Prairie of Jimtown, who is 82 years old. i
The oldest woman pioneer present was
Mrs. Everhardt. and the best impersona
tiem of a forty-niner was Captain
Knowles. Each of these persons received
So as a prize.
Dancing began soon after dinner and
was kept up most of \h>- night. The old
pioneers, men and women, seemed to j
think they were boys and girls again.
With beaming faces they moved about
the floor as lithe and graceful as they did j
of yore. ___^________
PALO ALTO GRADUATES.
Diplomas for Members of the High
School Class.
PALO ALTO. June 17.— The annual com- I
menoemont exerdsea of tho Pain Alto i
High School were held last evening in j
Fraternal Hall. The place wns decorated
for the occasion in the school colors— !
royal purple and silver— and with flowers.
The class exercises were very good, the
most interesting number being the class
history, which was a bright little sketch I
by Miss Kuth Taylor, the vocal solo by I
Miss Bourgeon, and the class will by
James Knapp. A number of the gradu
ates are members of the I'aln AJtO High
School baseball team, which (list in- '
guished itself this year by winning the
championship of the Academic League.
The 1 graduating class included Jrving !
Anders.m. Clara Bamhesel, Jessie Bell.
Lee Hawley, Marshall Horn, James
Knapp. Agues Ritchie, cieo Spurgeon, I
Kuth Taylor, Amy Welch. Venio Welch.
Freda wood, Lawrence Worstell.
The evening, following the exercises,
■was taken up by a very enjoyable dance, .
at which Palo Alto and Stanford Uni- j
verfllty society was well represented.
Contracts for Prison Supplies.
SACRAMENTO, June 17.— The State
Prison Directors met at Folsom to-day
and awarded contracts for supplies. The
successful bidders were about the same
as last year. The order formerly made
instructing Superior Judges to make
most of their commitments to San Quen
tln wae rescinded and the secretary in
structed to notify all Judges to use their
own discretion in the matter.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J M Tnylor. Alameda W F Uarnes, L Ang
F Gilbert&w, S Rafael W F Holllngworth
M A Nurse. Sacto I London
Q N Rnndle, Sacto F A Boole. Sanjrer
R H Davis, Oakland ,C B Shaver Fresno
V A Schellor. S Jose G Reynolds, N V
H Raflin, Fresno F Ransom, Red Bluff
R J McEnary, Cal E A Preble, Cal
R A Rogers. Cal A Winstel & w, L Anr
M Christensen Cal A H Hart. N V
M Christensen Jr. Cal F Bernard, L Ang
W Watt, Palo Alto D Bernard, L Ang
G G Gage, Palo Alto Mrs Sameson S Barb
L B Merton, Cal C E Peacock ' N V
S M Stride, Vallejo B Wilson & w. S Rosa
L C Kerr, Vallejo T Eastln, Modesto
T Adams. Oakland V Vlckery N V
W S Mackenzie & w, I Neugges' Cal
Winnipeg A Rodman, Wickford
F Jackson & w, Cal A Cottrell, Westerly
Miss C Wells. Cal R Diaz, Monterev
H S Abbott. L Ang J E King. Hanford
T Hutchlns. Oridley FI C Wood Cicto
Z Bithell. Sacto H E Flsk.' Chicago
A H Holgate & w. Cal A S Allen. Sacto
G Schmidt, Eugene i
PALACE HOTEL.
L Rosenthal, Chicago M Prohasky. N V
B J Tlllmnn, USA F V O'Reilly Va.
W M Cralge. USA R S Van Cleve Pa
W C Rogers, USA F S Van Cleve.' P a
H Blackburn, Artrntine H Van Cleve, Pa
H Burmister. Stanfrd .7 H Harbour' Chicago
G A White. S Barhara Mrs Harbour Chicago
Mrs White. S Barbara X Pflefer, Germany
H G Ogden. U S C S F Stollwerck, Germany
W Doidge. Utah H T Heller Chicago
Mrs Doldge. Utah Mrs Heller. Chicago
D H Bratton. N T W A Frost, Chicago
Dr C F Kuster. N V Mrs Frost. Chicago
Mrs Kuster, N V H Scherer. Mexico
A S Beerwell. N V Mrs Scherer. Mexico
H Marmlen, Chicago Dr Ramos. Mexico
Mrs Marmlen, Chicago Mrs Ramos. Mexico
E Lancaster. Keswick C Varona. Mexico
W Garland. L Ang J L Daube Chicago
F C Rabboth. Boston W Cunningham Engld
C S Brook, Boston C Kaufman. Menlo
H E Pyke, N V D Gamble. England
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S E Ballard, S Ramon, L J Wilson Seattle
W H Mac. Llvermore jF L Lundquist & w,
I H Byod, Merced Sacramento
W Winter. San Jose C Gewman & w Cal
J G Pflffer, S Rosa F Tltsall. Cal
A. Fyfe, Arizona R M Van Eman, Colo
3 H Young. Oregon D E Young, Denver
J Coleman Seattle M W Brill Denver
A £ Hanafln, Boise F L. Man- & tm, Aril
G PejidJeton, NY I ._ _ . .^
CONTROL BY THE
BIG CORPORATIONS
Monopolies Denounced
by Lockwood.
ROBBERY OF THE PEOPLE
STANDABD OIL AND RAILROADS
IN COLLUSION.
The Oil Dealer Goes so Far as
Declare That Corrupt Influ
ences Are Used to Elevate
Judges and Senators.
Special Dispatch to The Cail.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The Industrial
Commission to-day heard a statement
from L. M. Lockwood, an oil producer of
Zelinople, in opposition to the Standard
Oil Trust. Mr. Lckwood declared that
this company had driven the independent
refineries into bankruptcy and servitude,
and he denounced the course pursued in
severe terms. He held the railroads es
pecially responsible for this condition of
affairs. Going back to 1572, he referred at
length to a contract made by the trunk
lines of Pennsylvania with the South Im
provement Company. Under this con
tract, he said, the freight rates on oil
were doubled and half the amount col
lected was paid back as rebate — not only
this, but the contract company received a
like rebate of the shipments of all other
companies. The contract, he declared,
was secretly continued by the railroads
and the Standard Company. He quoted
A. J. Cassatt, the new president of the
Pennsylvania Ratlroad, as testifying be
fore the Interstate Railway Commission
to the effect that while the open rate to
the public was $1 90 per barrel the rate to
the Standard Company was SO cents.
Further Investigation, said Mr. L,ockwood.
had developed the fact that the general
companies actually received only 35 cents.
This condition of affairs had resulted for
a time, according to the witness, in giv
ing the Standard Company a profit of 400
per cent, while the independent refineries
were being driven rapidly into bank
ruptcy. Mr. Lockwood was free in the
use of epithets, charcterizlng both the oil
company and railroad officials as high
waymen and brigands.
"It you have got to be robbed," he ex
claimed, "it does not matter much
whether you are held up by Dick Turpin
with a pistol or by John Rockefeller with
a railroad; it is robbery all the same." He.
said that men who had carefully analyzed
the testimony taken before the Hepburn
committee estimated that in \% months'
time the Hve trunk lines of Pennsylvania
had paid the Standard Company $11,000,1
in rebates. The railroad companies had,
he said, completely ignored the order of
the Industrial Suite Commission -to stop
their discrimination in favor of the Stan
dard Company, resorting then to the sys
tem of false billing.
Speaking of the remedy for the evil,
Mr. Lockwood said it was in government
ownership of the railroads and not to be
found in courts— the courts were too slow
and expensive.
"The railroads and the oil company can
razoo a man un and down in the courts
for ten years. he said, "until he is
ruined, and then go on with their work,
leaving thi-tr victim stranded. As a re
ward the combines elevate their instru
ments to higher places politically. Thus
It was that the thought of the common
people was gradually becoming fixed to
the effect that the great railroad com
bines were gradually packing the Supreme
Courts with men in sympathy with their
monopolistic tendencies, and who would
do* their bidding. Thus the interstate
commerce law was rendered Ineffective.
"If the railroad companies can control
the appointment of the Attorney General'
and or Justices of the Supreme Court,
what do they care for the law?" the wit
ness asked.
The only safe plan, said Mr. Loekwood,
was t" take the railroads out of the hand?
of the corporations and place them under
control of the Government, so that every
man could go to market as cheaply as
every other man. He considered all the
railroads of the country as specially gi
gantic trusts and asserted that they were
In control of our politics, contributing nvl
lions to elect legislators, Senators and
Judges, and to punish those not willing to
do their bidding. \Vlth absolute equality
over the roads the Independent companies
would drive the Standard Company into a
secondary place in a short time. There
would then, he asserted, be no mor>>
shooting down of striking miners, for the
miner could send his product to market
as cheaply as the mine monopolist. So in
all other lines of business. If the Gov
ernment did not control the roads the
railroads would control the Government.
He advocated the taking of the roads
under the right of eminent domain, pay
ing the owners the actual value of the
property.
The afternoon session of the commission
was characterized by the development of
difficulties among the members of the
commission as to the character of testi
mony that should be admitted. Mr. l.ock
wood made the statement that Judge Al
bert Haight of the New York Court of
Appeals had been elevated to his position
by the corporations, through the use of a
corruption fund, because of his action in
what was known as the Matthews case,
a proceeding of a railroad combination
against the independent refineries. He
afterward said that, while convinced the
facts were as he had stated, he had not
seen the fund, and therefore the statment
was an Inference only.
At this point Mr. Farquhar of the com
mission rose to protest against the char
acter of the testimony, saying that Judge*
Haight was his next-door neighbor and
one of the purest men he ever knew. He
had never before heard an imputation
upon his character. He appealed to Mr.
Lockwood to have, the statement stricken
out of his testimony. The statement, he
said, was not testimony, but it was pure
libel.
Mr. I^ockwood said that ho also know
Judge Haight and that he had boon sur
prised at the apparent developments. The
issue had been raised in the campaign and
he understood that he ran behind his
ticket.
After a few general remarks by others
of the commission as to tho advisability
of striking out the entire statement, Con
gressman Bell arose and made a vigorous
protest against the demand to eliminate
any of the testimony. It was not. he said,
the province of the commission to tell a
witness what he must nay. He said he
had noticed that some members of the
commission were very sensitive when
something was said which did not entirely
fall in with their predilections. It was
perfectly competent for any man com
ing here to entertain opinions upon any
of these subjects and to advance them,
or to criticize public officials. In this con
nection, he said Governor Larrabee of
Wyoming had said that there were two
Judges on the Supreme Court bench who
wore put there for the purpose of secur
ing the nullification "l the Granger law.
He also instanced other cases in which
Hie railroads had secured the appoint
ment of Judges whose sympathies were
with them. If this was true, said Mr.
Bell, why should a man be barred from
saying so? And If the commission v.-as
not going to permit such testimony he
would be compelled to say. when It came
to making the report of the commission,
that it had not been non-partisan.
As another illustration of the manipula
tions on the part of the railroads, he
quoted a Republican member of the Con
gressional Postal Commission as saying
that Its proceedings would come to naught ;
been use the Second Assistant Post mast »r
--(Jeneral. who had charge of these matters,
is in sympathy with the railroads. A
man was not sacred, he declared, because
of the place he occupied, and if a judge
on the bench is elevated to his position
by devious means it would not bo the duty
(if the commission to screen him.
Former Congressman Phillips, presiding,
hold that the testimony was competent.
In his statement before the commission
yesterday. President C. E. Dowe of the
Commercial Travelers' Association sub- '
mined figures to show that the organiza
tions of the trusts had resulted in throw
ing 35.000 salesmen out of employment, and
in reducing the salaries of 25.000 more. He
estimated that the annual loss to the
salesmen on account of loss of employ
ment and reductions aggregated $60,000 -
000, to the hotels $28.C00.000 and to the
railroads $27,000,000, because of the loss of
patronage. m
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
er without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1013 Mlaiion.
WITNESS FOUND
TO BE A LUNATIC
Moore Defense Given a
Setback.
BURNS PROVES A FAILURE
CLAIMED TO HAVE SEEN THE
KILLING OF KILBOY.
When Called to the Stand It Is Dis
covered That the Man Is Crazy
and Possessed of Weird
Hallucinations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, June 17.— The de- j
fense in the murder case of the people
against Moore received a staggering
blow to-day. The first thing at the
opening of the morning session Law
yer Tyrrell called Francis X. Burns to
the stand. Mr. Burns has long lived
here and claims to be a mining expert
and promoter. He had a few days ago
confided to Lawyer Tyrrell that from
the window of his room in the Morgan
& Roberts block he had seen the whole i
of the bloody affray In which Police- j
man Kilroy met his death. He had ;
said that the policeman brutally at- ;
tacked Moore, who kept warning him !
back; that finally the officer knocked
down the lone prospector from Little
Deer Creek and then the latter had j
commenced tiring in self-defense.
Burns was sworn. District Attorney
Power objected to the taking of his
evidence on the ground that he was
not only mentally irresponsible, but an
out-and-out lunatic. Mr. Power was
granted permission by Judge Nilon to
interrogate the witness. Burns wa» j
voluble. He said he had for a time
thought he could not be present at the
trial, because he had been correspond
ing with the Government ab'mt g"ing
to Manila as a chief of scouts, but hn
I had finally concluded to stay, because
i he could not get the position he wanted.
He had himself been annoyed by in
fluences exerted over him by what he
called "whistlers."
They had also bothered Professor
Langley of the Smithsonian Institution,
while that gentleman was experiment
ing with flying machines. Ex-Cham
pion "Bob" Fitzsimmons was another j
! victim. These "whistlers" used long
! glass tubes filled with a wonderful fluid,
by the aid of which they exercised su
pernatural powers over those to whom
they directed their attention. He
j talked on at random about hawkshaws
I and other irrelevant matters, and final
ly admitted he was some years ago In
the Home for the Incurable Insane at
j Agnews. Much of his queer tale was
based on a fantastic sketch printed in
a recent issue of the Black Cat.
The prosecution offered to show by
expert evidence also that Burns was
deranged, and he was withdrawn from i
i the stand pending the investigation.
Edward H. Moore Sr. of Oakland, the ,
i 80-year-old father of the alleged mur
! derer. testified that he had an uncle,
\ brother, sister and nephew who were
crazy; another brother at Lovelock, !
j Nev., who was "queer," and that the '
; defendant's mother died a lunatic. He
said the prisoner had been hnrt three
times on the head since he was six
years old, and had always been de- |
mented.
Many prominent citizens who had ,
known the prisoner, now 52 years old, ■,
: since he was a boy, swore that in their
opinion he had always been crazy in
i part or wholly. Most of them thought '■
; that he at times was unable to dls- ;
j criminate between right and wrong.
Next week the prosecution will bring
forward many, witnesses who think ;
Moore is nothing more than an eecen- |
trie and vicious fellow of keen intelli- !
gence and remarkable memory.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE ARAGO— H. X.. City. The steamer
Arago was built in San Francisco in ISSS.
NO PREMIUM— M. P..' Alameda. Cal.
Your half dollar of 1547 does not command
a premium.
TO URIAH— G. H. A.. City. The dis
tance from San Francisco to Ukiah is 113
miles by rail. __ - _____
BATTLE SHIPS— C. 8., City. A battle
ship of th<- Alabama type costs $2,650,000,
while one of the Kaiser Wilhelm type
cost $3,530,000.
KENNEL CLUBS— A. C, Oakland, Cal.
For information relative to Kennel Clubs
write to A. B. Truman, 1425 Steiner street,
San Francisco, Cal.
WHAT IT IS WORTH— M. S.. Stockton,
Cal. Dealers charge from $13 60 to $ln for a
$10 gold piece of 1843. but do not offer any
I>romium for such coins.
ON THE TRANSPORTS— J. P. 0., City.
For positions on the transports plying be
tween San Francisco ami Manila make
application at Army Headquarters.
DEWEY'S POLlTlCS— Subscriber, City.
Admiral Dewey has never made public
proclamation of his politics, but it is gen
erally understood that he is a Republican.
THE SAN FRANCISCO BAR— C. S..
City. There never has been built a vessel
that ccild not cross the bar of San Fran
cisco. Th< geratest depth at the bar is
63 fathoms. .
SIZE OF THE FLAG— Bert. City. The
dimensions of American flags should be
based on the garrison flag of the United
States army, which is thirty-six feet long
by twenty wide.
PALMIST— M. L., Sausaltto, Cal. As
the Department of Answers to Corre
spondents does not advertise the business
of private individuals it cannot give the
information asked for.
OFFICERS AT WATERLOO— A. O. S..
Ctiy. For a list of the commissioned offi
cers who served with Wellington or under
him at Waterloo you would have to write
to the War Department, London Ens
land.
RETURN MAIL-M. C. J., Bakersfield
Cal. Letters which are not called for and
which have indorsed on them the address
of the writer should be returned to the
writer and not sent to the dead letter of
fice.
TO THE NEW MINES-A. J. H., Shin
gle, Cal. The most direct route from
Shinßles to the new mines in Lower Cali
fornla is via San Francisco and Los An
geies, thence by sailing vessel to the point
of destination.
CABINET AND JUSTICES-M E
Martinez, Cal. This department published
the names of ie he members of McKlnley's
Cabinet May IS and the names of the Jus-
St" 6 t M Supreme Court of the Unlted
M'HISKY IN WOOD-G. R.. City. Whis
ky in wood increases in proof percentage
with ago as such is now stored being
where the casks are kept in a place whore
the temperature is uniform. It increases
from 101 to as high as 111
GOVERNMENT LANDS— V. R., San J
Jose. Cal. Any of the land offices in the
state of California will, on the payment '
of $1, furnish a plat of public lands "which
are open to settlers. Each office furnishes
a plat of the land in Its own district.
THE ROCK CRFSHER-A. S., City.
The Supervisors did not stop the rock
crusher at Clipper and Douglass streets,
but caused the owners to make certain
alterations so It shall not prove as ob
jectionable as it was to the people in the
neighborhood.
POLL TAX COLLECTIONS— L. C.,
City. The Assessor is charged with the
collection of poll tax and he, through his
cieputies, makes all the collections he can.
Those who do not pay such tax are sub
ject to be proceeded against by suit in
the Justice Court.
DUTY ON WTNEB-J. S.. San Jose, Cal.
The duty on wines sent to England is one
shilling per gallon on wiifes not exceeding 1
M degrees proof spirits; for wines of 30
degrees and not exceeding 42 degrees two
shillings and sixpense, and for each de
gree above 42 degrees sixpence.
TRAINED NURSE-A. B. C, Vallejo.
Cal. You can obtain information about
trained rursfs by writing to the City and
Jj.( unty Hospital on Fotrero avenue near
iwenty-fourth street, or to the Children's
"fsgltal and School for Trained Nurses at
aiitornia street and Maple avenue, both
in San Francisco.
A MATTER OF CONTRACT-A. S.,
Oakland, Cal. Whether an individ
™™" compel you to retain and make
on WAt !! a plano that was purchased
0 ",,! n a Y rn nt plan depends upon the
conditions of the contract. Not having a
copy of the contract, this department can
not give the answer asked for.
RURAL DELIVERY— W. 11. H.. Peta
luma. Cal. ['ruler the provisions of sec
tion 438 of the Postal Laws and Regula
tions as amended by order 287 <>f the Post
master Genera!, the Postmaster where
there Is a rural delivery has full power to
say whether the carrier shall deliver or
shall not deliver mail on a legal holiday.
EX-UNITED STATKS SENATORS— C.
R., Independence. Ore. Of the ex-Tnited
States Senators from California who .in
still living A. P. Williams claims San
Francisco as his residence, though he
passes much of his time in the State nf
Maine; Charles N. Felton is a resident of
San Francisco, and Stephen N. White Is
a resident of Los Angeles.
DOUBLE PEDRO- W. C. M.. Sonora.
Cal. Tn the same of double pedro the
count is high, low, jack and game. If A
and C are partners and require two to go
out, and B and D, the opponents, want
one to go out. if A plays an ace or high,
and B plays a deuce or low. B and his
partner win. as they wanted but one to go
out. and B made it.
THE NATIVE I>A U< : HTERS- S. A.
R.. City. The qualifications for joining
the Native Daughters of the Golden West
are that the applicant shall be a whito
female over the age of 18, born in the
State of California and of good moral
character. Any one desiring to become a
member of the order can do so by com
municating with the recording secretary
of any of th'> parlors.
YUKON RILLS— D. S.. City. The $S bills
of the Bank of Commerce of Toronto, Is
sued for circulation in the Yukon district
and having on the face the word "Y< ;
kon" are negotiable anywhere, and where
men fr.' classed as foreign money they are
subject t<> the same discount that the gold
coin of the country is. For instance, a *m
bill of that bank is worth $4 73 in San
Francisco.
AN EXECUTOR— C. IT. S. . Alameda,
Cal. For information about the executor
of the estate of a man who died in San
l>je£o County about twelve or fonrteen
years ago, address a communication to
th<- County Clerk of that cnunty. A cau
tious executor would preserve nil papers
that came Into his possession, those which
he was not required by law to return to
the court, but a careless individual might,
after the estate had hem settled, destroy
them.
A GOLD BRICK A. W. R.. City. Con
fidence operators, who are usually called
"bunko men," have a swindling scheme
by which they work upon the confidence
of some susceptible person and induce him
to advance a sum of money on what ap
pears to be. a brick of gold, which the in
dividual, after the sharpers hay» obtained
his money, discovers is a piece of has*
metal gold plated. From this swindling
transaction has arisen the phrase "Ho has
bought a gold hriek." whirh means that
he parted with good money for an article
of no value.
THE AMENDMENTS— G. C. M.. Colton,
Wash. The vote on the constitutional
amendments sumitted to the people of
California at the last held election was
as follows: Senate amendment No. 41,
yes 54,013. no 00.602: Senate amendment No.
10, vis 74.816. no 75,037; Senate No. M. yi -
69.232, no 75,695; Assembly No. 37, yes 61,
--843 mo 76,128; Assembly No. 36, yes 7r*.74v
no 66,260; Assembly No 38. yes 56.7 L«
85.712; Assembly No. 34, yes 63",195; no SI.2W.
There were several contests in Santa Clara
County for county offices, but none of
those elected on the face of the returns
were unseated.
TRAINED NURSE— M. E. H., Point
Arena. Cal. In order to become a trained
nurse one who makes application in be
come such at the City and County Hos
pital or the Nurse's Training School in
San Francisco is not required t<-> hay
beer a graduate of a. high school, n.t
must have a good English education and
must be prepared for an examination In
reading, penmanship, simple arithmetic
and English diction. The examination is
to test tho applicant's ability to read
aloud well, to write legibly and to take
notes of lectures. This amount of educa
tion is indispensable. Worm n of superior
education and cultivation, when equally
qualified as nurses, are preferred to those
who do not possess such advantages.
MINING CLAIM— R. L.. Mitchell. Colo.
This correspondent asks: "Jim took up a
claim In January, IS9S. became sick, was
taken to a hospital, and was unable to
ido any work on his claim in time. Joe
i came along and jumped Jim's claim.
Had he a right to jump that claim?" Il
| has been decided that "the failure to
; perform the amount of work on a mining
claim by the local mir.ing laws or regula
ticna established and !n force in the ms
trict where the claim is located amounts
to an abandonment of the claim, and
thereupon it may be occupied and appro
rriated by another.' In Colorado Lh«
; mount of work dono or improvement* to
be made during ea?h year is that pre
scribed by the laws of the United Sta'>~.
REPUBLICS— H. J. 11.. City. The fol
lowing is a list of the republics of the
world: In North America— Costa Rica,
Guatemala, Hayti, West Indies: Hondu
ras, Mexico, Nicaragua, San Domingo,
West Indies: Salvador, United States.
South America — Argentine, Bolivia. Bra
zil. United States of Colombia. Chile,
Paraguay. Peru. Uraguay, Venezuela. In
Europe— Andorra, France. San Marino,
Switzerland. In Africa— Liberia, Orange
Free State. South African Republic.
Oeeaniea— Franceville. Hawaiian Islands
(now part of United States territory).
The flag and color of flag of each of
these republics can be found in a work
called "The Flags of All Nations," to be
seen at the Free Public Library. Such
can be found In modern atlases also.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
MEN
ONLY.
Free Trial Paokage of This New Discorery
Mailed to Every Man Sending Name
and A Quickly Restores -
.Strength and Vigor.
Free trial packages of a most remarkable
remedy are bring mailed to all who will write
the State Medical Institute. They cured so
many men who had battled for years against
y the mental and physical suffering of lost man-
hood that the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It Is a
home treatment and all men who suffer with,
any form of sexual weakness resulting from
youthful folly, premature loss of strength and
memory, weak back, varlcooele r- relation
of parts can now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful effect
of warmth and seems to act direct to the de-
sired location, giving strength and development
Just where it is needed. It cures all the ills
I and troubles that come from years of misuse
of the natural functions and has been an ab-
solute, success In all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. 743 First National
Bank building. Fort Wayne. Tnd.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial packages, will
be complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treated
and the free sample will enable them to sea
how easy It is to be cured of sexual weakness
when the proper remedies are employed. Ths
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man who
writes will be sent a free sample, carefully
sealed In a plain package, so that Its recipient
need have : no fear of embarrassment or pub-
| licity. Headers are requested to writ* without
i delay. - . • — •- ~ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HAYWARDS' CALL TO
HONOR THE FOURTH
5 y^n RAND MARSHAL GEORGE GRAY of Haywarda has issued the
♦ ff following 1 address to his fellow citizen?:
9 \V T? " Thr ' om ' humir *' d and twenty-third anniversary of the inde
ed per.dence of America will be royally celebrated in Haywards on
July 4. IS9J>. It is a day of deep significance to the American
q people— a day of patriotic rejoicing; and it should be the aim of our
> people to make the beautiful city of Hay wards look like a patriotic para
© «lis,-. I.t the red, white and blue fly from every masthead, and every
♦ business house ami residence look resplendent in patriotic colors. Let
:;• our streets and sidewalks be put. m first-class condition, so that every
r residem may I 1 '" proud of his beautiful city.
♦ -The Interest; already taken it. the celebration is most gratifying
C« and piv.-s= every promise of presenting to the people of this town, val
♦ ley and county the most patriotic celebration ever held in Alameda
♦ County."
A PAINTERS AWFUL FALL.
es Harrington Lost His Balance
Has Both Arms Broken.
■• ' ■' ■ ■ ■ Iharles Harring-
irs and residing with his
irrowly
■ his aftenn nm. He was
• Forty-third street and
avenue, and as he was dipping
I ■ | a»nt pot standing
•' ■ h roof he lost his b ■
ground, a - : • : : .f;y
■ tie ladder stand
st the house. Both his arms
Tken, his scalp and lower lip cut
■ d he - ither abrasions
isions. At Lhe Receiving Hospi
-•■•■ ■ reduced the fracture-? and
I Ha rringtoi '? woui
Millie Edeau Gay Divorced.
OAKLAND, June .7. Judge Ellsworth
to Mrs. Millie
Gay from w. B. Gay on the ground that
ted of a (
w serving a thi - sen-
Juentln Pristii for bigamy.
Mrs. fiay has been permitted to resume
her maiden name, Millie Bdeau.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Liquors— just 0
a Good Groceries A \
f Out-of-town folks sliouldf
rkeep in touch with our lowr '
— send for June list, f i
r Every order, large or
small, carefully, promptly
f packed and shipped.
P Ready to estimate on
rsmall or large lots.
A °
JSoda Crackers, box ..55c\
Average 16 pounds to box. • ■ #
Baltimore Oysters, can..lscf
a 12 oz oysters in each can. a
iAlaska Salmon, can loci
\ Popular " Butterfly " Brand. X
\French Sardines 12Jc\ :
f Koran's ala Vatel. " r
Sardines..- locf I
A Kxtra size cans. Lacaze Brand. A
( French Sardines lOci |
i None better sold. Mahrsell Brand. \!
French Sardines 7^c
f Genuine Imported Fish in pure Olive
A Oil. Prime! Brand. A
Milk, can 7c
t Crown Brand. .■•.: T
(Evaporated) 9c j
6 I'nsweeicned, Unadulterated, "Lilly "S j
A Brand. , \
JJPeaches extra selectman. |
* Dilicious Table Fruit, sliced ready for" |
A cream. " A j
for Pies, can. 5c i
" Perfect pack, large cans. \
f Pineapple can 1 set
J. X llLtl UUlv vtlii ................ X ' I V,
# CratC'f Hawaiian Fruit for Pastry, in j
\ 2 pound can-. i
\Sarotaga Chips, pound. .lBc I
f Made here fresh every day. r
Chow \ gal bottle.. 15c
A Best Domestic grade. A
£ French Castile soap bar .25c
. Virgin Brand, same as you pay 35c for. \ \
.Spiderleg Tea .. Ib 30c
v C ncolorcd 50c quality. *
(f English Breakfast ...lb 30 c^ !
A A standard grade at 50 cent?. I j
iOolong Tea lb 30c
\ None better for iced tea, yjc quality.
jGreeu Japan Tea lb 30c
f Se'.ls regularly for <lbc pound. !
EiGHT SAVING STORES:
§ 73S Market St. S. F. 1311 Polk St. 8. F. §
* 1060 Washington. Oai Shattuck At, Berkeley
A 9th t Washington, " Central At. Alanie<ia-J
" E 12th t l.^th At. " Tth k Wood. Oak f \
"... '-^ :
m
Fop Camp
and Outing
Bhirardell : 's Ground Chocolate should
be considered indispensable, the '
most highly nutritious food in com- !
pact and concentrated form. Easly !
| I
prepared — with boiling m Ik, made \
in a minute. I
Wholesome food — delicious bever- ! J
| age At ail grocer; — 30c per 1-lb. tin. :
Nev r sod in bulk. . I
THREE CITIES
TO CELEBRATE
THE FOURTH
| Grand Marshal Gray's
Address.
I t j
HAYWARDS WILL BE HOST
— —
i HISTORIC SOIL PROVIDED FOR,
OAKLAND'S STAFF.
i " T
Many Floats Are Being Prepared by i
a Corps of Ladies— Li vermore
Prepares a Demonstra
tion.
I
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 17.
A.l Hay wards. Livermore and Oakland
! there will be celebrations on the Fourth
of July, the most Imposing pageantry
being- arranged at Haywards.
One of the feature? of the Haywards
; celebration will be tableaus in charge of j
; the special committee. On the California
float Miss Xellie Ramage will represent
Eureka, and the other details will be very
elaborate. The car of state committee
is composed of Mrs. F. F. Allen. Mrs. G.
j S. Langan. Miss Fannie Cooper, Miss Ada
Oakea and Miss Clara Walpert. They
have selected Miss Annie May as Goddess j
of Liberty. This float will be handsomely !
decorated and drawn by six white horses.
The States will be represented by the fol
i lowing young ladies: Adele Batchelder,
Bertha Jessen. Nelda < lakes, Emma
Thorndike. Hazel Brunner, Vera Collins,
Fannie Champney, Hazel Grindel, Alice
Harder, Lillie Harder. Lllli.> Harmon,
Alice Soderberg, Gladys Van Dyke, Ber
nice Graham, Adele Alexander, Inez Al
len, Zelda Chisholm. Jeannette Gray, Ma
bel Johnson, Ada .lessen. Anna Langan.
Mamie Prowse, Rose Obermuller, Addie
Lewelling, Marguerite Grey. Alice Miller,
Gertrude Prowse, Grace Morrill. Edna
Farrell, Trella Chisholm, Miss Scheppach,
Annie Dobbel, Zelma Prior. Edna Schil- j
ling and Anna Schilling. ;
The Rebekahs held a meeting last even
ing and decided to be represented by a
float.
The Order of Workmen has appointed E.
K. Strobridge and Dr. Browning to attend
to inviting the lodges from Oakland,
Berkeley, Alameda, San Leandro and San
Lorenzo.
The horribles committee has many feat
ures in preparation, which it declines to !
report on at this time.
The literary committee has selected
Railroad avenue, which is beautifully
shaded with trees as the place for the
exercises. The Athletic Club has ap
pointed the flowing committee to ar
range for the games: J. V. Haley, Al
fred .Keating. Charley Pimental, James
Cooper and Martin Welsh.
The Oakland committee met last night,
and reported upon the progress being
made by the various committees. The
lofty flagpole will be erected on the City
Hall plaza as near the corner of Four
teenth and Broadway as the Board of
Works will permit. Councilman Schaffer
; was authorized to act in the employment
of bands. Major Sherman presented the
committee , with a large bronze eagle,
which will surmount the flagpole. The
major has collected soil from all the his
toric American battle grounds and the
I committee has accepted some of it to
j be placed around the base of the staff.
The Veteran Reserves, under Captain
King, will fire the salute during the flag
raising.
At Livermore special arrangements have
been made for the ceremony and a com
plete programme will be announced in a
; few days.
A NEW THEORY IN
THE BELDEN CASE
TELEPHONE GIRL MAY HAVE
THE SECRET.
Detective Holland Certain That the
Man With the Ax Made
/ a Mistake.
OAKLAND, June 17.— The police arc
now working on the theory that the at
tack with an ax on H. K. Kelden was in
spired by a woman and that Mr. Belden
is certainly not the man the would-be
assassin sought. The case has been placed
In the hands of Detective "Denny" Hol
land, who declines to connect any names
with the incident.
It is said that a certain gentleman has
been paying marked attention to a young
woman employed In a telephone office
somewhere around the bay and has mi
her presents of value. Her brother hear
ing of this is said to have determined on
revenge for fancied wrongs done his sis
ter. Jr. his haste the brother is supposed
to have attacked the wrong man.
"I am perfectly satisfied that the man
Who used the ax called at the wrunz
house," said Detective Holland. "If the
follow is bent on revenge he will certainly
make- another attempt."
■ ♦ . _ —
Another Cheesmnn Scar->
OAKLAND, June 17.— An unknown in-
Bane man, or thief, boarded a car on the
Oakland, San Loandro and Haywards
electric line this morning, after hanginc
a bicycle in the rack, and as the car
reached the middle of the Twelfth-street
dam the fellow jumped off and ran as
though being pursued by demons, leav
ing his bike on the car, The conductor
had no time to chase the fugitive and the
passengers were not disposed to Interest
themselves, because some believed the
stranger to be Cheesman. The bicycle
was dropped at the Elmhurst power
house.
Kinard Is Refused a Warrant.
OAKLAND, Juno 17.— C. B. Kinard ap
peared before Justice Smith to-day and
asked for a warrant for the arrest of Jug.
tlce Larue of East Oakland, en tho
ground that the latter refused to show
his books containing a record of tho cases
of tho three little boys who. Kinard
claims were falsely imprisoned recently
for evading the payment of oar fare".
Kinard want? the data to prepare a suit
against I.aruo. Judge Smith refused to
issue a warrant.
It May Be Cheeseman.
OAKLAND. June 17.— A report was re
ceived from Martinez to-day by Chief
Fletcher stating that Frank Cheesmnn
had been captured near that place. The
man arrestea had been frightening woni<?n
and children and was very violent.
THE SAX FKA>*CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJXE 18, 1899.
NO CRIBBING
NOR PEEPING
AT QUESTIONS
All Pupils Treated
Fairly.
PLEASANTON FEELS SORE
ONLY TWO GRADUATES ON THE
ROLL OF HONOR.
Superintendent Crawford Replies to
Those Who Complain They Did
Not Have a Square
Deal.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco <'all,
908 Broadway, Juno 17.
A week ago Th* Call published, ex
clusively, a strongly worded protest, pre
. pared by teachers in EUen Township,
against the methods pursued by the
Board of Education in the recent examin
ation. Since that time the matter lias
: been agitated in several townships, and
| charges of discrimination have been
made, the latest coming from Pleasanton.
; County Superintendent Crawford made
|a statement to-day,' denying that there is
i the lPi<«t foundation for these charges.
He says the examinations were held at
Livermore because that place is more
central. He prepared the questions and
sent them, sealed, to the postoffice at
Livermore. No class, said Mr. Crawford.
, could possibly have had any advantage
or have seen the questions in advance.
Nearly all thr> Livermore pupils passed,
while seventeen out of nineteen from
Pleasanton failed. Mr. Crawford invites
all those interested to po to the rooms of
, the County Board and inspect the an
-1 swers of the pupils.
The following: list of graduates tpr the
> district hiph schools has been given out:
Union— Antone Lewis, Anna Larsen.
Harris Junes. Anthony Joseph. Joe
, Duarte. Avis Wai rath, Dora Morehouse.
Emeryville— Winnetta Marlowe.
Sunol— Weldon B. Cooke.
Melrose— Joseph I>amin. Myrtle Scrlven.
■ Marshall. Hannah Taft, Lulu
Roane.
Frultvale — Vyvyan Pent. Hubert Fricke,
Margaret Bartlett, Harry Nelson, Ray
Leeper. Alfred WeiSß, George Anderson.
Pleasanton— Harry Casterson, Jeremiah
Murphy.
Lock wood— George Dowling, Gertrude
1 '"\vling.
Dewey— Ella Berpquest. Fred Zoph,
Frances Tyack. Rose Maurer.
Palomares— Paula Knudson.
Eureka— Verona Meinlnger, Mary John
son.
Livermore— Mary H. Soares, Kate Swee
ney, Viva Cull. Lena Hansen, Mamie
Stanley, Elmore Fargo. Angeline Rees.
Zyijiha Bernal. Josephine O'Leary, Mag
gie Connolly. May Nissen, Frank Harp.
Henry Callaghan, Sarah Loughrey, An
nie Leal, Ida Fitzgerald, Jessie Wright,
Bessie Hargrave. chaster Beck.
Inman— Selden Spellman, Thomas Mr-
Murray, Giles B. Cropsey, Teresa Fallon.
Annia Martin.
Alviso — Lizzie McKeown, Edwin Whip
ple.
Laurel— Edith <;nmble. Alico Thorn
dike. Mascotte Westwood, A. Campbell,
;A. Lawrence, Lawrence Everett, Mar
gie Webster, Minola Green, Lillian Ben
nett. K. Bridge, carl Borenson, J. H.
Obermuller, M Gray, Theodore Thorn
dike. Andrea Mosgard, William Booth,
E. Champney, Estella Lorquln, Leslie
Allen.
San Lorenzo-J. D. Prairo. Annette it.
i Perry, Anna Tacker, Francis Perry, C.
K. Jacobsen, M. Ferry, Alma Hansen.
Washington— Leland Cutler.
OntTville— Elma Salz, L. C. Mattos, E. ;
M. Fandhnlt.
Niles— Fred Dassel, M. Scott. Pierce
Mayhew, George Nunes, E. Johnson, B.
Johnson, F. Fogg.
Newark— James Dellaney, Belle Jarvis.
OAKLAND TO BECOME A
GRAIN TRADE CENTER
DEEPENING HARBOR CREATES
OPPORTUNITIES.
Plans Framed for the Building of
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.'s Pro
posed Big Warehouses.
OAKLAND, June 17.— John L. Howard
has framed plans for the Improvement
of the old nail works property at the foot
of Market street, recently purchased by
Ralfour, Guthrie & Co., and it now trans
pires that the great shipping firm pro
poses to erect thereon a large grain ware
house, construct a wharf and conduct a
genera] grain shipping business from this
point. The contract for the erection of a
bulkhead on the water front adjoining the
old nail works has been let to Johnson &
Peterson. The bulkhead is to extend out ;
to the Government bulkhead line, and be
yond this a wharf is to he contracted out
as far as the pier-head line permits. A
contract for dredging will be let In a few
days, and it is proposed to pump the !
slickens and muds into the bulkhead in
closure.
The proposed -warehouses will be of cor
rugated Iron and brick, and of a capacity
for holding 8000 tons of grain. Railroad
tracks will be laid on each side, and It
is probable that, when the entire im
provement has been completed, most of
the 'grain produced south of the bay, In I
Alameda, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz and 1
Monterey counties, will be shipped from
Oakland harbor, and Balfour, Guthrie & :
Co. will thus be enabled to load their I
largest ships at the foot of Market street
and send them off to Liverpool and Ant
werp direct.
DEATH OF A VETERAN.
Major George Fisher Passes Away
at His Home in Alameda.
AL.AMEDA, June 17.~»uajor George H.
Fisher died this afternoon at his home,
1 1 2 Enclnal avenue, after an illness of
more than six months. A complication of
diseases resulted in the development of
gangrene in his foot and no ho>->e has been
entertained of his recovery for the past
month. V . V
Deceased was born in Salem, Mass., in
1863. lie foupnt through the. civil war
and retired with the rank of major. He
.served two terms as Insurance Commis
sioner of California.
He leaves a widow, Mrs. Anna Fisher,
and four children, Mrs. Frank C. Howe.
Mrs. Will Hold. n. Harry S. Fisher and
Miss Eva Fisher. His son, Harry Fisher,
is now in Honolulu, where he went as a
private in the First New York Volunteers.
■Maior Fisher was a member of George
I! Thomas Post. G. A. EL, and Oak Grove
Lodge No. 213. F. and A. M.
A New Packet Company.
OAKLAND, .Tune 17.— Articles of incor
poration were Bled tins afternoon by the!
California River Packet Company, form
ed for the purpose of earring on a gen
eral transportation business in both
freight and passenger lines on any waters i
in this State. The capital stock is stated
p.t $12,100. all actually .subscribed. The
principal place of business is San Fran
cisco and the directors nrr W. 11. Kountz.
George D. Damon. W. 11. Kountz Jr.. \V. I
B. Benchley. all of S.m Francisco, and G. j
Cashmore of Oakland.
Professor Soule Weds.
OAKLAND. June 17. — It was announced
to-day ihnt Professor Frank Soule of the
university was quietly married «orae
weeks ago to Mis? Adelaide Shirley
"U'orden of Alamcda. Mr. and Mrs. Soule
are spending the summer vacation in the
Sierras.
HIGH SCHOOLS
ACCREDITED TO
THE UNIVERSITY
Successful Showingin
Examinations.
LARGEST LIST ON RECORD
STANDARD OF SCHOLARSHIP IS
RAISED.
Their Graduates Are Entitled to
Entei the University of Califor
nia Without Taking En
trance Examinations.
BERKELEY. June 17.— There are now
ninety-one high schools and academies in
the State whose graduates are entitled to
enter the University of California without
taking entrance examinations. A list of
these has been prepared by the university
faculty, showing the standing of each
school which the professors have exam
ined. The number on the list is larger
than in any previous year and the stand
ard of scholarship shown reveals a
marked improvement in the secondary
education of the State. While the uni
versity is gradually raising the standard
of scholarship for entering students, the
number of the. latter is continually In
creasing, and the professors attribute this
largely to the excellent system of sec
ondary schools which It has been their in
terest to foster.
The college sends out every year a
corps of examiners, who report in detail
each high school which they visit. It is
upon their recommendation that the grad
uates of these institutions are admitted
to Berkeley by -merely presenting their
diplomas.
Following is a list of the schools
which were successful this year:
Alameda County Union High School No. 2
(Centerville), Alameda County Union High
School No. 3 (Haywntdsj, Alameda High
School, A lamella University Academy, Arcata
Union High School, Armljo Union High School
(Suisun), Belmont School, Berkeley High
School, Boone's University School (Berkeley),
Cup. Valley Union High School (Bostonla),
California School of Mechanical Arts (San
Francisco), Chaffey College (.Ontario), Citrus
Union High School (.Azusa), Colusa District
High School, Coronado High School, Dlxon
Union High School, Elk Grove Union High
School, F.scondido High School. Esparto Union
High School, Eureka High School, Fresno High
Scnool, Fullerton Union High School, Hamlin
School and Van Ness Seminary (San Fran
cisco). Hanford i Union High School. Miss
Head's Preparatory School (Berkeley). Healds
burg High School. Hoitt's School (Menlo Park),
Holllster High School, Irving Institute (San
Francisco), Kern County High School (Bakers
tlel.l), Lhermore Union Hisrh School, Lodl
High School, L"ti>j I'nlon High School, Long
Beach High School. Los Angeles High School,
Ljs Gatoi High School, Lowell High School
(San Francisco), Marysville High School, Men
docino High School, Merced County High
School (Merced), Mills College (reminary de
partment), Mission High School (San
Francisco). Modesto High School, Mon
rovia High School, Mount Tamalpals
Military Academy (San Rafael), Napa
High School, Oakdale Union High School,
Oakland High School, Pacific Grove High
School, Pasadena High School, Paso Robles
High School, Peralta Hall (Berkeley), Petalu
ma High School, Polytechnic High School
(San Francisco), Pomona High School. Red
lands L. and C. Union High School, Riverside
High School, Sacramento High School, Saint
Helena Union High School, Saint Matthew's
School (San Mateo), Salinas High School, San
Bernardino High School, San Diego High
School. San Francisco Girls' High School, Pan
Jose High School, San Luis Oblspo High
School, San Rafael High School, Santa
Ana High School, Santa Barbara High
School, Santa Clara High School, Santa
Our High School. Santa Maria Union
High School, Santa Monica. High School, Santa
Paula Union High School. Santa Rosa High
School, Selma Union High School, Slsklyou
County High School (Yreka), Sonoma Valley
Union High School, Stockton High School.
Throop Polytechnic Institute (Pasadena). Tu
lai • High School, Uklah High School, Vac»
vllle Union High School, Vnllejo High School,
Ventura High School, Visalia High School.
Watsonville High School, Miss West a School
(San Francisco), Willows Union High School.
Winters Union High School. Woodland High
School.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, June 17.— Alameda di
vorce suit of Lizzie L. Heath against
John H. Heath was dismissed this after- I
noon by order of plaintiff.
John Quigley to-day Hied notice of m >- '
tion to dismiss the action of W. B. Far- ,
well against the Pacific Improvement
Company for damages on the ground that i
the suit was not brought within three
years and has not been prosecuted for six
3 'Mrs.
John Moriarity's trial for misdemeanor
embezzlement will take place in the Police
Court next Wednesday. There are eight :
charges and on each he has given bonds
in the sum of $100, his father, Jeremiah
Mortality; and Mrs-. Mary Thompson go-
Ing on his bonds. Nusbaumer & HeeU will '
defend.
Thomas Cunriiff, who created a scene at
the home of J. S. Derby, guardian of bin
father, was convicted to-day of using
vulgar language. A charge of carrying
a concealed weapon is also pending
against Cunniff. I
The Alameda County Sunday School As- |
sociation has divided the county into did- ;
tricts, in each of which a convention is to
be held during the year. The lirst con
vention, in Eden district, will be held
June 22. : » .' ■
William Edlin. a student of Stanford ;
University} will deliver a lecture on "So- I
cialism and Evolution" before the Oak- I
land section, Socialist Labor party, in G. j
A. K. Hall to-morrow night.
D. M. Mailman to-day tiled answer to
the opposition of the Bank of California j
to his discharge as an insolvent debtor, i
denying that Tie swore" falsely to his
schedule or inventory and that he con- 1
cealed, any property belonging to his es- i
tate. ' ?..-.; '■•: •> ■■:
William J. Dingee. to-day filed suit '
against Dorothea Wittorf, M. H. East- ,
man, Charles Hf-ad, et al., for the fore- ,
closure of a mortgage on property lo- ;
cated on Channlng way, near Dana street,
and given as security on a note dat^d
April 24, 1896, for $3000, with interest at tne
rate of S4 per cent per annum from Do- j
cember 9, 1597.
In the suit of A. Premiss Smith against '
D. O. Mills et al. to dissolve a trust,
George C. Carr, one of the defendants, to
day .filed a demurrer to the complaint urg
ing insufficiency of facts alleged, lack of
jurisdiction, and asking that plaintiff take j
nothing:.
» ♦ ■
Battle of Veterinarians.
OAKLAND, Jimp 17.— The trial of Dr.!
C. M. Selfridge, On a charge of cruelty to
animals, has now occupied three days in
Judge Ellsworth's court anil was " this i
afternoon continued to next Tuesday. The i
case has resolved itself Into a controversy i
befween veterinary surgeons. Dr. Fred E.
Pierce and City Veterinarian Archibald
are export witnesses for the defense
while Dr. G. W. Stimpson and Alameda
City's Veterinarian. Dr. Tom Carpenter,
are coaching the prosecution. Dr. Self- '
rklge is- charged with wildly driving a
horse t<> San Joso and back. He was tried
in the Police Court, convicted, and fined
ISO. A motion for new trial was denied
and ho appealed.
Will Pay for Dredging.
OAKLAND. June 17.— A special meeting
of the Board of Works was held this
morning at which the claims of Johnson
A- Peterson for $15iKt for dredging Lake
Merritt were allowed.
Another contract lor a section of the
work will be let next week. If a survey
shall show that there is not enough mud
in the lake to Mil private property as well
as the city's park site, the next contract
will provide tliat the mud shall be dump
ed on the park site.
Sunday School Convention.
OAKLAND. June 17.— A county Sunday
school convention will be held at Hay
wards next Thursday afternoon and even
ing. All the Sunday-schools in Eden
Township will be represented and a lunch
provided.
WILL NOW BE A
DOUBLE FUNERAL
Albert Anderson Killed
While His Sister
Lay Dead.
OAKLAND. June 17.— Life's hitter
cup is overflowing to-night with
tears of deepest grief at the little
cottage of Mr. and Mrs. John
Anderson at 2013 T,inden strf^t.
fn t..-,i,',-. "s i ill tv r • s pi:Mish<"l I lii M
story of the death of their ;i-'.':iv-'.!'lß
daughter, Lorlne. from lockjaw < n'ls.-.IMJ
by n splinter penetrating her font. T..-M
night her 7-year-old brother. AlbfrtH
John Anderson, joined her beyond thf^HJ
grave. Lorine's funeral has been post- I
poned. that they may both be laid ■
away together. '.' P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^P^^
Albert Anderson, while playing with I
several companion? In the torn-up I
roadway of San Pablo avenue at Thir- 1
tieth street, was run over by. a heavy I
dray this evening and almost instantly I
killed. The children were playing on I
and about the materials to be used in I
the construction of the new electric I
railway on the avenue, and the Ander- I
son hoy stood on a small pile of broken I
rock as the dray, belonging to ,T. C, I
Westphal & Sons and driven by John ■Bflßflßflßflßflßflßflßflßflßfll
W. Allard. came along the avenue. Just as the dray was passing the pile on
which Albert stood he slipped and rolled beneath the heavy rear wheel, which
passed over his body.
The injured boy was removed to the Receiving Hospital, but he breathed
his last on the way there. The boy's father was immediately notified, and.
rushing to the hospital, inquired for the little one of Steward Borchert.
The news of his son's death so staggered him that he fell In a faint at Bor
chert's feet. With > tears streaming down his cheeks, Mr. Anderson shortly
afterward called at the newspaper offices to change the death notice of his
daughter and announcing a postponement of the funeral, so that his two
little ones could be Interred at the game time.
Chief Fletcher Immediately ordered the arrest of Allard, the teamster,
as a. matter of form, and the latter was booked for manslaughter at the City
Prison. He was released afterward on his own recognizance.
"My God, I do not believe I can stand this terrible blow," said the heart
broken' father to-night. "And it will surely kill his mother. Poor Albert was
an unlucky boy. "When 3 years old he was sitting on the curb not far from
where he lost "his life to-night and the wheels of a wagon ran over his little
feet. His sister. Lorine, thought all the world of him, and it just seems as
though she called him to her to-night."
Mrs. Anderson lies unconscious at her home. She is in total ignorance of
her son's sad death. When advised this evening that her boy had met with
ah accident she sank to the floor, and up to a late hour to-night had not
regained consciousness. Her condition Is regarded as critical. The untimely
death of the Anderson children is one of the saddest recorded in this county,
hardly excepting the case of some few years ago, when the two little Booth
girls were killed by an electric car.
REV, DR, LAW
RESIGNS FROM
HIS CHURCH
Will Not Occupy His
Pulpit To-Day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, I
908 Broadway. June 17.
Rev. Marshall Law, D.D., M.D.. has re
\ signed from the charge of the Church of
: the Advent. The resignation has been
'. given verbally by the rector to the clerk
: of. the vestry, but it will not take effect
until August 31.
Next Tuesday Dr. Law will go East fot
a lengthy vacation, but will receive full
pay for some months, as this is the only
manner in which the vestry could secure
the much desired resignation.
At to-morrow's services R. Burr, a '
! member of the vestry, will preach, and
this will signalize the severanco of the
rector's actual connection with the
I church.
The vestrymen made their demand that
Mr. Law leave the church so plain and
forcible that there was practically no al
! tentative. The rector had a good deal to
say about ecclesiastical law, which makes
it impossible for any vestry to remove ,x
rector against his will except for some
gross- offense. No one has even intimated
that Dr. Law has rendered himself .liable
to expulsion, but all of the vestrymen
agree in the opinion that a change is for
the best.
C. B. Foote ridicules the idea of Dr.*
Law's opposition. "What do we do with
the servant we do not want?" said he.
"We simply tell him that his services are
no longer required and that is the end of
it. All we have to do is to stop Dr. Law-:
salary and he will not wish to rem.ii,i.
Dr. Law always wanted too much pub
licity."
John J. Valentine, the senior vestryman,
will not say one word and declines to even
reply to Dr. Law's remarks concerning
the uncharitable manner in which Mr.
Valentine Is said to have acted.
It is reported that Dr. Law has made
an application for a position in the United
States Mint. Fie is a licensed allopa'.nlo
doctor, and before entering the ministry
was a successful practitioner.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. June 17.-The Young La
dies' \\ nist t lub held Its last meeting for
the season yesterday at the home of the
Misses Kate and Caroline Swvney. I.VW
Railroad avenue. Prizes were won by Mrs
A. O. <4ott, (irst: Miss C. Galinrto. second;
Miss Helen Cushman, third; Miss Lulu
Severing, fourth.
A party consisting nf Mr. and Mrs.
Charles F. Flotter. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Morris, Master Alvln Morris. Mr. and
Mrs. A. H. Grigsby. Charles Frost and
Walter McDonald left to-day for a camp
ing trip through the northern coast coun
ties of the State.
H. A. Mason, editor of the Santa Clara
News, and City Clerk Ben F. Lamborn.
will issue a monthly periodical to be
called California Municipalities. Mr.
Lamborn will be associate editor. It will
he the organ of the State League of
Municipalities and will be devoted to mat
ters concerning municipal government.
Carpenters' I'nion No. 194 of Alam.d.i.
has elected the following officers: Charles
Bradley, president; A. J. Bargner. vice
president: R. B. Decker, recording secre
tary: C. 11. Thrane, financial secretary;
J. Sath, treasurer: August Faust, con
ductor; John Tyllson, warden; William
Vollmar, trustee.
Osterhout-Landstrom.
BERKELEY. June 17.— Winthrop J.
Osterhout of the I'niverslty of California
and Miss Anna M. Landstrom were mar
ried this afternoon at the residence of the
bride's parents on Telegraph avenue. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev. J.
A*. Osterhout of Providence. Rhode Island,
father of the groom. None but the im
mediate relatives of the contracting par
ties were in attendance. Miss Landstrom
in the daughter of E. Landstrom of
Berkeley, and a graduate of the Univer
sity of California. Mr. and Mrs. Oster
hout have left for the southern part of
the State. After their return they will
reside in Berkeley.
The Washington Elm in Cambridge.
A slow but sure process of decay is tak
ing place in the Washington Elm. and if
is feared by the Cambridge Park Depart
ment, which has charge of the historic
tree, that it will be impossible to save it
for more than a few years longer. A
short time ago workmen went over the
tree and cot off a considerable amount of
dead wood, and it was evident from the
condition in which they found it that it
will not be very long before the entire,
tree is dead. The process of decay is
gradual, but is constantly affecting pre
viously sound branches, and a watch has
to be kept all the time to keep the dead
wood cleared away. The tree is now such
a shadow of what It once was that there
la not very much left to keer> alive. It Is
intended to make a thorough overhauling
of the tree in the spring, and to do every
thing possible to preserve its life. It will
not be necessary to put on any more iron
bands, as there is no danger of its falling
to pieces, but the measures which must
be taken are those which will best retard
the process of decay.— Boston Transcript.
GEORGE W. CHILDS" HOME.
Sale of the House in Which He En-
tertained Illustrious Guests.
The residence of the late George W.
Childs, at the northeast corner of Twen
ty-st-cond and Walnut streets, has been
sold to William F. Deakyne, a real -state
dealer. The price paid has not been made !
public, nor is Mr. Deakyne ready to an
nounce his purpose so far as a future (
disposition of the property is concerned.
There is more than a passing interest in
this magnificent residence, for in its asso
ciations it is almost historic. Within its
walls distinguished men and women from
every part of the world were entertain >'.
and "there were many brilliant receptions,
and dinners, especially during that great j
period of Philadelphia social life— the Cen- ,
tennial exhibition. General and Mrs.
Grant were frequent guests, as were Mr.
and Mrs. Hamilton Fish, while Monekton
Milnes (Lord Houghton), John Bright. M.
P., of Rochdale; Joseph Chamberlain,
Dean Stanley. W. W. Story, the sculptor;
Henry Wailsworth Longfellow, Ralph :
Waldo Emerson. Dr. Oliver Wendell
Holmes. Mr. Evarts, Miss Charlotte Cush- :
man. Lord Dufferin, George Augustus
Sala. Mr. Tyndall. Mr. Froude. Wilkie
Collins, Professor Joseph Henry and Vice
President Henry Wilson were a few of the I
many distinguished persons who were en- i
tertalned in the mansion at various times.
The Emperor and Empress of Brazil, as
guests of Mr. and Mrs. Childs. received
from TOO to 800 people there in 1576.
Mr. and Mrs. Childs moved into the
house on December 19. 1871, and occupied :
it during the winter of each succeeding ,
year until the death of Mr. Childs. On I
June 30. ISM, Mr. Childs' friend and asso
ciate, Anthony J. Drexel, died, and from
that time until February 3, ISM, when Mr. i
Childs died, he was desirous of selling his '
property and Of retiring to bis Wootton j
home. Mrs. Childs continued to reside at \
th<> Walnut street house for three months
after her husband's death, but since that
time has resided in Washington. D. C.,
where she has erected a larger mansion j
for herself. Numerous offers for (he Wai- I
nut street property have been made, but t
none of them was quite satisfactory.
Somewhat more than a week ago Mrs.
Childs determined to offer the property at .
auction.
The mansion is a white marble struc
ture, three stories in height, nnd was
built by Mr. Childs. Th«- property has a
frontage on Walnut street of forty-.eight
feet and a depth of 136 feet, and Includes
a stable and carriage house. When com
pleted and furnished the buildings and
their contents cost not less than half a
million dollars. Every appointment was
of the finest, the workmanship and ma
terials were of the best, and the masonry
and iron work wen- the most substantial
that could be bad.— Philadelphia Ledger
A Bride's Accomplishments.
There was a wedding out in the whoor
ing western part of Kansas the other
day, and In speaking of the bride the local
paper said: "She is one of the idrls who
care nothing or pnint and pride, and can
ride a pony forty miles over our prairie-3
and I'll, bet a hairpin against a nickel's
worth of candy that she can beat any one
running a foot race, or rein a pony in a
herd of cattle and cut out ten head as
quick as any one can." ft should bo un
derstood that in Kansas, na in other
States, the standard of accomplishment
varies with the locality.— Topeka (Kans )
Capital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SISTER: read m free offer
. ' jS^S^^*^ Wise Wards to Sufferers
■JJ^^^^^^mPi|\ Frm a Woman of Notre Dame, [Rdi
4 ' iX i l|l\ I will mail, free of any chorsje, this Home Treat-
'/wllW«S=^°^^^^^^^ vlh \l I!|\ Kent with full instructions and the history of my own
falls, MVj[o : '^~ AVi'1 1 i\ case to any lady suffering- from female trouble. You
mm 4 inarm '" s '^iSs^rai ¥/'} \i'l' ■! can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
KB : '*WS» ; -'glfJP t SB V i',:l physician. It will cost you nothing to give '.he
mHl'li'lmPW Vp^ )l\ 1' ■ I treatment a trial, and if- you decide to continue it
KM MmMff 'fe-- ZfJißivfr M I n " i!1 only c ? -st - you about twelve cents a week.
wffl'>lMiWwL i £*&r^3 *-£$!&■''& »V VI *■*■ w ' li not i- nt crfere with your work or occupation.
Pi ifi'MW^isLjM ''fflrW'' •§ ' have KOtnin t0 sell. Tell other sufferers of it—
¥////llv'llW^*Sr>f AWW"'' wk ! / tbat is all l ask- Itcures a 1 I'ounjrorold.
\J/Pfy ■a's<!te^!f i " • ---• ; >;' » .X'^W $ f «5~ If you feel a bparin.cr-do^-n sensation, sense of
\y-Jly -^<.-S^-~? 13^1 •'Ipl' MJ impending evil, pain in the back or bowels, creeping-
V &.,,.„)^.f^EßS^lT.l—^^^ ?y'*Bf '/(Sr feeling up the spir.c. a desire to cry frequently, hot
\tf»W^£^^' WM4 JIF flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
*(&'///.■ lS^§^~- '"-"*' : "''M ' S have Leucorrhea (Whites-, Displacement or Falling
•^ffiJjW^^^s" Z . *'"$/i.^f of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
i J2^ Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M. SUMMERS,
1 "^ NOTRE DAME, IND., U. S. A., for the Free
* - •••- Treatment and Full Information.
Thousands besides myself have cured themselves with it. - I send it in plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a simple Home Treatment which speedily and
effectually cures Leucorrhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young- ladies.
It will save you anxiety and expense and s:\ve your daughter the humiliation of explaining , her
troubles to others. Plumpness and health always result from its use. .
Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and
will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures af ■ diseased conditions of our
delicate female organism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause di*
placement, and makes women well. Write to-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS. Me SUnnERS, Box 34, Notre Dame, Inci., U.S.
.- DR. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
KIDNEY TROUBLE.
The Most Prevalent, Dangerous and
f ': Deceptive Disease.
Thousands Have It and Don't Know It.
Pains and aches come from excess of
uric acid in the blood, doe to neglected
kidney trouble. Kidney trouble causes
quick or unsteady heart beats, and
makes rle feel as though they had
heart trouble, because the heart is
overworking to pump the thick, kid-
ney-poisoned blood through the veins
and arteries.
Soreness or uncomfortable feeling in
the back indicates kidney trouble of no
small importance. •
The passinr of scanty or profuse
quantities of urine is a warning of kid-
ney trouble. If you want to- feel well
you can make no mistake by first doc-
toring your kidneys.
The famous new discovery, Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, is the true specific
for kidney, bladder and urinary trou-
bles. It has cured thousands of appar-
ently homeless cases after all other ef-
forts have failed.
Sold on its merits by all druggists in
50-cent and $1 sizes. A sample bottle
sent free by mail to any address. Also
a book telling all about Swamp-Root
and its wonderful cures. "When writing
address Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton,
N. V., and mention that you read this,
generous offer in the San Francisco
Call.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
£» —OF— £^
50 Head of WELLBROKE ROAD,
BUSINESS pD DRAFT
HORSES,
Weighing: from 1000 to 1700.
Among them 2 WELL-MATCHED CARRIAGE
TEAMS. .
To be gold on
THURSDAY, JUNE 22, 1699,
At 11 a. m. at
SALESYARD, Corner VAN NESS AVENUE
and MARKET STREET.
CHAPE & MKXI'KXHALL.
Successors to KILLIP & CO., :
1732 Market Street.
Horses now at yard.
P. J. BARTiI, Auctioneer,
Will TO-MORROW. MONDAY, .Tune 19, 1599. at
11 a. m., dispose of the entire stock of furni-
ture, res, etc., of L». J. Newman, without
reserve, at 121 Sixth st. Dealers, attention!
HE SAW HIS FINISH
Peculiar Experience of a Clerk With
Attorney General Garland.
"When Mr. Garland was Attorney Gen
eral," said one of the long-service clerks
"i the Department of Justice to a Wash
ington Post reporter, "he had a long and
continuous performance series of com
plaints from a lot of New Fork merchants
on the subject or" the debts of a. young
lawyer from the hip- town, who was em
ployed in the department. Mr. Garland
was not a believer in the system of exact-
Ing the payment of private debts by Gov
ernment employes by the use of the offi
cial thumbscrew, and he made it a point
to decline to receive persona] complaints
of this sort while he was in office. But the
letters of the New York creditors of this
young man became- so petulant and
threatening thnt the Attorney General
finally sent for the debtor to ask him
if he was making- any effort to settie.
" 'Young man.' said the Attorney Gen
eral when the subject of the complaints
entered his office, "just read over a few
of these letters, will you; and then tell
me if you think it's pleasant for me to
have my mall burdened with such effu
sions?"
'• 'Oh. creditors' letters. I suppose.' re
plied the young man coolly. 'What do
they supppose you've got to do with my
debts, sir?"
" 'I have been endeavoring to arrive at
some answer to that question myself.' n -
plied Mr. Garland. 'Their desire is, how
ever, to have me put it to you that you
have either got to pay these debts or be
discharged from the Government employ.'
" "That's nice of them. I'm sure, sir."
replied the youth from New York. 'Then
i supppose I'm to be fired?"
" "Suppose you just doff your flippant
manner.' said the Attorney General se
verely, 'and tell me about these debts.
Are they all straight?"
" 'Straight as a sirinsr. sir." replied the
young man frankly. '1 contracted them
ht a period when 1 was industriously en
gaged in playing the races, poker and the
devil, and I've never been able to get my
head above water since, although I've
been blowing in $1000 out of my yearly
In a vain attempt to square up with
these people ever since I got this job in
the Department of Justice.'
"The Attorney General looked the young
fellow over. ,
"Well <lo the best you can, my boy.
he said, and three days later the young
New Yorker was promoted to a $2500 po
sition. His New York creditors probably
still preserve the redhot letters which Mr.
Garland wrote them in reply to their vio
lent demands for the thumbscrewing of
the young man.
Victims of Celluloid Combs
A trio of accidents of the same kind In
three different towns yesterday resulted
in the scalping of the girls who were the
unfortunate victims. Miss bailie Van
meter a charming daughter of Judge
Vanzneter of ' " i i i l l i .-• » t 1 1 « - . Ohio, had her
hair all burned off. while lea nine: over a
grate, by her celluloid comb catching fire.
She is terribly injured.
At Zanesville, Ohio, Miss Lulu Moore, a
society girl, got too near the grate; her
celluloid comb ignited and she was scalped
b< fore help could reach her.
\t "Wheeling. W. Va., Miss Mary Con
ner, while raking coal in the grate, got
too near the fire and her celluloid comb
was Ignited, burning her terribly, [t tvaa
the second accident of the kind at Wheel-
Ing in a week.— Louisville Evening Post.
Worse.
"I was sorry to no ii. Sam storminßton
Barnes, "but I was obliged to take notice
of such pross neglect of duty. 1 have "dis
charged the property man."
"He was very careless." remarked
Orestes Van Hamm. "He forgot the
prompt book twice."
"It's worse than that this time. He has
allowed the company to come away with
out its road map." Washington Star.
• The lifeboats round the British coast
during the year rescued 652 people.
1516
GAS MONOPOLY WINS
ANOTHER BIG VICTORY
The Equitable Gas Company Ab
sorbed by a Transfer of Slock.
Promised Competition in the Local Field Destroyed
by a Secret Dea Between the Officials of
the Two Corporations.
£— ,r— 3 UK Equitable Gaslight Company I
I i has been absorbed by the San
■ Francisco Gas and Electric
& Light Company, and another
promised competition to the lo
cal monopoly in gas and electric light
inp: has disappeared The people of the
city have subscribed their 'money and
contributed their support to a corpora
tion which appears to have •■■!• or
banized simply for the purpose of prey
ing upon a monopoly and using the
good will of merchants to accompli h
Its pose. The Equitable Gaslight
Company was organized a few months
ago and beg its *xist< nee with .1 blare
of trumpeting promises. Merchants
and ga.s consumers generally were as
sured that the new company would re- :
duce the rate of gas to $1 a thousand
f«et.
li was announced that a new process I
for the manufacture of gas had been
discovered and not only would the rate '
be . iced, but the quality of gas to
li" furnished would be far superior to
that supplied by the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Light Company. The pro
moters and orsranizers <>f the new en
terprise declared that they would en
ter the local field determined t<> com
nat the do m i a monopoly and sup
ply Ihe city with better gas at a
smaller <>;si. A plant was located .it I*
North Beach, money was invested, pub
licity was invited a nd ;: ;»peals were
mid-- to th authorities for concessions.
It was announced hat the new comp
any would quickly lay its. mains
throughout ( he city and consumers
would soon be relieved from the exac
tions of the monopoly. Franchises were
:
LEAVES PULPIT
FOR LITERATURE
Wn!t?r Myron Lowell Is Granted Per-
mission to Withdraw From the
M. E. Church.
• . . \i 1',,;! ,v ■
rer, will to-daj forsat • Ihe
ins. To-night ho will
h iiis lasi si rmon In
Mi - ■ . - pal Church and
• himself !•> \\ •
ring, two v. hi. li he
has ;<>■ me fame.
Permission was yesterday granted Mr.
Lowell to withdraw from the church by
KeV. \V. W. < I---, presiding elder of the
San l-'i-.aticis<o district. In granting the
young man his release Dr. Case wrote:
"To whom it may '■!:>■ m . This is to
certify that the Rev. Walter Myron I .ow
*»ll. an ordained elder in tin- Methodist
Episcopal church and a member of How
ard-street Methodist Episcopal Church in
.Sun Francisco, wishing to give liis whole
time to literary workj lias this <lay of his
own free will and choice withdrawn from
the Methodist Episcopal church. In all my
acquaintance with Mr. Low ell I have not
scon or heard anything hat did not in
dicate the true gentleman In he best
sense of the word. 1 believe in his integ
rity, his ability and ins earnest purpose]
In his chosen Held lie will; as he lias al
ready done, achieve ;reat success] Wher
ever the way shall be opened for a first
lecture he will be wanted for a second. I
sincerely hope the way will open every
where tii let this good man have full
swing ii ■■■•■ literary field. Those of our
pastors who know Mr. Lowell best speak
in the highest terms of the man and his
work. VVESTWOOD W. CASE, D.D.
CROCKER GRAMMAR.
Graduates of the School and New
Medalists.
(ring c the ninth grade graduates
if <"!"<-k- r Grammar S hool, ot which W.
1 1. K<:\\ arils Is pi in< ipal :
Arnold Cohen, Kdna •'. Anthony, Florence E.
Stierlen, Frank _\. Unrorth. Theodore Vote
Burgh, Alice I . Whehin Flora B. Goeller.
llobert L>. Pike, Prank i: Pen in, Helen W.
Hrniiftt. Edith B. Barry, K. J.loyd l: iwli ..
Knima J. Vaseuiu - ello!», Henrietta i*. Han
;na:in, Mary T. O'Hryen, William J. NiV-nberi,',
I*- George Laconihe, Gertrude V. Heberger
Helsa N. l.arj»-n. Alice \V. Kodd, Harry M.
Rantmaii, Ina Mansbmuch, Sj.!;.- M. Fritch,
Ethel Hue, Ethel Williams, Bertha Hanker;
Alox McN'lchol, Kugenie A. i ii 'onnell, Hlchard
H. Rowe, Ruth A. Waterhouee. Joseph T. ]■;.
Curley, )cosh Steinfe!;'. Morris Cornell; ] "red c.
Adams, Thomas Til.], n I Sickens, Herman X.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIX YEARS
Body Covered with Humor. Legs
Down to Knees a Solid Scab.
Five Doctors and Medical Col-
lege Could not Cure. Father
spent one THOUSAND DOLLARS
Trying to get Him Cured. Old
Friend Suggested CUTICURA.
Sleep and Rest on First Appli-
cation. Now Completely Cured.
My son, when he was six week* old, bad n
breaking out on the top of bit head. It spread
•11 over hie head, and then hi* arms broke out
from shoulder So wrist. Around bli body and
around his leg* from his knees to his auklcs, -.van
a solid «cab. My family doctor treiled him for
eijrht^eu months, but no good.wn* accomplished.
I tried four more, and then a medical college in
St. Louia six month*. No good yet. Spent not
less than a thousand dollars in money and time.
Old Mr. Barney Clap inflated on my trying Coti.
cur a remedies, telling me ho had a poll like my
child's hlrotelf. By the time my wife had used
the OcTICUfU (ointment) up, ho began to im-
prove and got to he could sleep short naps, and
gave mo and vsife sorr.e rest. Thank the Lord, he
is well now, fat. hearty, and stout .is any boy,
nfter Mx long years of Itching, crying, and wor-
rying. Cuticcra remedies cured him.
a'cpuli.'Zl. W.M.MCHELL, Lexington, Okl.
CUfTCURA
Begins with the Blood and Ends with
The Skin and Scalp.
That Is to 6hv it purifies the blood and i ircti-
latliK' fluids at ilnxo» Gkhms. and thus removis
\-icc<juse, vlitla warm baths wUhCunofUA Soap,
. ■'.') KCntlß .inointings with C'ciiccn^ (ointment),
»;;■.• at cr.t of emollient skin currs, r.teanae tic- 1 in
ip.d sculp of crust* ami Males, allay'ltr.liliii;, luirn-
iii/r. nnd Inflammation, «(i<->Hie BB<I neAl. Tbnuitrc
speedily, permanently, Bfwl economically cur-d
tfin mof-t torturl">p. dlsflirurlnp Ii amort of iiiu
i Kin, ecalp. and i)lood. with l/>s» of lialr, when the
best physicians tnd all oihcrremeilirn fall.
Boldthrocchoutlhe world. Potter Drbc and Cnin.
Coup., ?ro».7batton. "All About li»by • Skin," (-»«.
rlrr.rLto cuxicuka hoap.
granted and business men were indui ed
to purchase Btoek in th** new concern.
Streets were torn up and mains wore
laid, and then came the revelation of
the new company's purpose.
It had not been organized to com
pete with the San Francisco Giis and
Electric Light Company. The offer t<>
supply gas tv the people at a dollar rate
had ii"'. been made in good faith. The
!o< ation f the plant, the work upon the
streets, the solicitation of public tests
and th< appeals for municipal favors
had been mad'- simply to frighten the
.-'an Francisco Gas and Electric Ligh:
Company to come to terms. The pro
moters of the new company never con
ed i public benefit. They had
no thought of keeping their promises
to those thai purchased stock or who
advanced the interests of th> j corpora
tion by enthusiastic indorsement.
A few days ago a large block of the
stock "f the Equitable Gaslight Com
pany was transferred to ilu- San Fran
cisco (las and Electric Light Company.
It is underst 1 thai this stock was
ient to give the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Light Company a
rolling iii'i rest in the Equi! a b'«
c,ns Light Company, and that all prom
ise d 1 1 petition Is at an end. The'
greatest secrecy has been maintaiiud
in reference to the transaction, but the
facts have becom< public property."
Stockholders in the Equitable Gas
light Company realize that they haw
I-- en made the \ ictims of an imposit.i in,
and the people of the city will
soon know that they have been m
du< ed t<> support h concern w l . i 1 h has
sacrificed promised i'(-n<-fiis t<> the gas
and electric light monopoly.
'''''■ -•. < 'laj Sexti : . Florence Edna I
Janette Gran, Cora M. Evans, Marj \a
rlngton, Arthur Thode. Alma E. Smith, \--
B. Duncan, Dorothea Banwlck, Ella May I'• « .
Hairy \V. Bogei
Medals wen awarded for excellent scholar
m<l deportment during the year ! ■ the
■ wing pupils: Bridge medals to Joseph !■:.
T. Curley and Robert D Pike; Dennian medals
■•• Edna C. Anthony. Mary T. O'Bryei Qei
trade Heberger and Florence E. Sti'-rlen.
A YOUNG SAN FRANCISCAN
Becomes a Merchant of Spokane.
Washington.
Nine years ago. while traveling in the
Northwest, Mr. Mark K. Davis of this
city located himself in business in the
growing city of Spokane, Wash. He
for the first time since then arrived on
Tu< sday with his family to visit his old
homi I - his parents and friends.
H' is the eldest son of \Y. Davis, the
wholesale saddler of this city. Dr. Da
vis is very enthusiastic and thoroughly
Informed as to the advantages of Spo
kane as a business center. He has a
well established manufacturing and
jobbing business in the line of saddlery,
leather, etc. A few days aftfr his ar
rival he was tendered a banquel by his
friends at th^ Spreckels Cafe, <"all
building, where forty m< n enjoyed
themselves in handshaking, eating,
toasting, etc. On Saturday evening a
beautiful Masonic emblem was pre
sented to him. On Wednesday next
Mr. i)avis will return to Spokane, leav
ing his family here for a few weeks.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE.
Making Arrangements for the Grand j
Event Next October in This i
City.
At the meeting of the executive commit
te of the Odd Fellows' jubilee celebration,
held last evening, progress ports were
I made.
| The various lodges of tho city and the
i interior have awakened to a realization of
j what a great event the remembrance of
fifty years of Odd Fellowship in- Califor
| nia will be, and all are displaying an un- i
| usual interest In 1 lie matter as evinced by
many subscriptions that have been given
to the general fund. In a number of In
■ stances lodges have added to previous
contributions.
Two of the lodges have already signi
' fled their intention of each providing a
: Boat for the parade, and the parade com
mittee is moving to have each lodge pres- j
nit a special feature, in addition to what
the general committee will furnish.
The celebration will be of three days'
duration and will fall one week later than
j the time of the October school vacation.
An effort will be made to have the Board
of Education postpone that vacation for
one week so that the children of the city
may have an opportunity to witness the !
, various grand displays.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS SCHOOL.
Graduates of the Term and Winners
of Medals.
following ar>- tne medalists ann gradu
ates of the Pacific Heights Grammar
School, Miss A. M. Stincen principal.
Ninth grade — Vint A. C. Robertson, teacher.
UrtrtKe. medal— Laurence Clifford.
I>rnm.-.n medals— Katharine F. RixfnrJ, Mar
jorle Paterson, Haille Meyer.
(iraduates— Bertha Henzel, Emily Meyer.
Helen Greensfelder, Bertha Moss, Inez Fnn
compre, Ina rtyst. Horace Mann. Louin Buhlerl
Robert Fletcher. Carroll Doolittle, Vera Helm
rich. ■ Kthel Korguson. Harry Wollcnberir, Geral
dine Harrison. Bertha WollenberK, A.lden Ames,
William Adams. Harold Ha her. I>eta Robin
Gallatln, Meta Israel. Hazel Peyser, Florenci
Uriilßinan. Helen Cheaebrough, Florepce Ryat,
Raymond Behlow. Edith Cutter, Erna Schmidt,
Emily Coleman, Arthur Stern, Janet McLean,
Agnes lailahan. Kthel Woodward, Jeffrey
Schweitzer.
Xlnth grade— •'. A. Michelson. teacher.
Bridge medal — Hert Theobald.
1 wnman medals— Florence Oußgenhlme, Lillie
PostPl.
Graduate*- Bert Theobald, Lulu Brunton,
Florence OuKKenhime, Llllle Postel. Marie
Denervaud. Franklyn Jon«N Gertrude Joliffe.
Matilda .Schmidt. Inr.n Livingstone, EWna
Meyer, Ella Waterman. Alice Barkley, Sydney
S.'hlf•sin^er, Minnie Qalllvan, Raye \'oor*anger
! Seymour Davis, Percy Richards, Harry Byraru
i Sarah Willlairs. Edith Leavy.
• ♦ .
■ Barsfield's chronic ulcer salve a stand
ard remedy for piles, eczema, salt rheum,
( ulcers, fever sores, diseases nf rectum
I For sale 1*27 Market, r. 312. 2:30 to l d. m. ■
To Celsbrata St. John's Day.
j The Past Masters' Association will cele
brate St. John's day June 24 with a gram]
reunion and basket picnic at ESI Campo.
It will undoubtedly be an enjoyable affair
as the committee in whose hands the ar
rangements for Ihe affair have been left
has made elaborate preparations. The
spacious steamer Ilkiah will carry the
picnickers across the bay to the delight
ful resort, leaving this city at 9:30 o'clock
Saturday morning and returning at 5:45 in
the evening.
• - . * ' — ; ~r~
Ladles' tailur-mads Mitts, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Hothschlld, 321 l'cst'st.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JLNE 18, 1899.
VALOR AND PATRIOTISM
RECOGNIZED BY CITIZENS
State of Washington's Gift to Dewey's Flagship Olympia.
y? OVERS pf the beautiful in decorative silver art will hr given an opportunity to-morrow of pazinp at a magnifi
cent silver service, which is to be presented to Dewey's flagship "Olympia." by the citizens of th< State nf
Washington. It will be on exhibition ;\\ Shreve & Company's store for a week before bring; forwarded to its
)i /] donors, and from there will probably be taken to New i'ork and presented to the officers and men of the pro
tected cauiser on its arrival from abroad.
The style of the pieces is modeled after a pattern of the period of George [I. Each piece is decorated with oak
leaves and acorns. This form of decoration was decided on as it is an established form of decoration in naval design-
Ing, being symbolical of strength: the acorn being an insignia of rank. Each piece will bo stamped with the seal of the
State of Washington, seal of the Navy Department and the name of the ship within a laurel wreath. The pieces are
unusually large and. massive, it is the most elaborate silverware set ever m;i<!>' on this roast and will be the most
expensive in the navy. The patriotic res;.!, nts of Washington spared neither money nor pains In preparing their offer-
Ing.
The winged statuette of Victory. Intended to commemorate the victory of May 1. was modeled by Douglas Tilden,
The figure is so arranged that it can be easily transferred from the top of the punch bowl to the center piece. A
handle will be provided for the top of the punch bowl cover to be used when the tigure is not placed thereon; and the
shaft or pedestal upon which the figuri stands when secured in the center piece is removable with tin- figure and In
tended, when removed, to rest upon an el y base, thus forming separately a beautiful ornament, and the center
piece and punch bowl will be complete without the figure.
Aside from the tigure of victory, the most beautiful piece js the large tray on which is inscribed the name of
Admiral Dewey and every officer and man who was aboard the flagship on that memorable morning in May. The set
comprises a punch bowl, tray and ladle, water kettle with tray and stand, coffee pot, tea pot, cream pitcher and sugar
bowl, three meat dishes, different sizes, gravy boat and tray, two loving cups, win. cooler, tureen, center piece, one pair
of candelabra, having seven lights eaach, two compotiers and two serving trays. There are also four dogen cut
glass punch cups, specially designed for the Olympia. I
The above articles, beautiful in their workmanship, costly in their manufacture and priceless by reason of the
generosity of their donors, will grace the table of the Olympia on state occasions and remind the men who serve on
her that in the State of Washington there is a host of people who appreciate valor and patriotism.
CELEBRATED THE
ANNIVERSARY OF
BUNKER HILL
Patriotic Societies at
Sunset Park.
PROGRAMME OF EXERCISES
HON. FRANK McGOWAN DELIV
ERS THE ORATION.
Bunker Hill Association. Sons of
American Revolution, and Cali
fornia Pioneers Join in
Honoring the Day.
The celebration of ihe one hundred and
twenty-fourth anniversarj' of the battle
df Bunker Hill at Sunsei Park yesterday
under the Joint auspices of the Bunker
Hill Association. California Sons of
American Revolution and the California
Pioneers was a huge success In every
detail. Patriotism reigned supremi and
many w:« th< eulogies pronounced over
the brave boys of the Revolution who first
sounded the keynote of freedom on the
historic hillside.
A train of ten cars, loaded with happy
youth and staid old age, left the Aiameda
mole at 8 o'clock In the morning, followed
by another of twelve cars an hour later,
and both were soon going at a merry
clip through tlie pleasant scenery for
which that section in famous. It was a
three hours' ride, and when the 3000 pic
nickers arrived at the pleasure grounds
they set about unpacking the pood things
which they had brought to feed the Inner
man, and- woman, too. After appetites
had been satiated everybody adjourned
to the pavilion, where the exercises in
honor of the day were, hH<l at l o'clock.
After an overture of patriotic airs by
the band and a prayer by the chaplain of
the day. Rev. T. J. Lacey, opening re
marks were made l>y Hon. William <i.
Badger, president of the day. He con
gratulated the people preseni on their
patriotism In assisting to honor the hfs
torlc occasion ami concluded with a slow
ing tribute to the memory of General
Joseph Warren, who fell in the I>aitle
while lighting in defense of the principles
of freedom.
Robert Duncan then sanp with splendid
effect •■The Sword of Bunker Hill, " and
was obliged to respond with an encore.
The oration was delivered hy Hon.
Frank McGowan, and was punctuated
with frequent applause.
After referring to the principles that
actuated every American citizen In up
holding the love of country, Mr. McGowan
devoted his attention to the battle of
Bunker Hill, which he said was one of
the greatest and most memorable events
In the history of the republic.
"One of the permanent results of tho
War of the Rebellion," he continued, "of
which the historic battle of June 17. 177."..
was really the commencement, is the
establishment of constitutional Rorern
ment in the New World. Let us seek to
perpetuate that condition by a strict ad
herence to the lines of duty and principles
laid down by the founders of this great
nation, for it was they who marked every
action by an unalterable devotion to the
cardinal doctrines of an American democ
racy."
Mis? Millie Flynn, the talented soprano,
sang: "The Star Spangled Banner" in a
way that roused her hearers to a high
pitch of enthusiasm.
An original poem by Charles S. Greene,
entitled "June IT, 177r>." was well received.
The rest of the programme wa. c as fol
lows: Song, 'The Marseillaise," Mis?
Adelaide Roddy; address, Joaquin Miller;
song, by the audience, "America;" bene
diction, by the chaplain, Rev. T. J. Lacey; ;
address, Mrs. Carrie Siperley. fancy
dancing, Miss Marion Richards.
After the programme had horn com
pleted dancing was resumed until the
train left at " o'clock. Robert Vander
cook acted as floor manager.
Many of the RiK'sts adjourned to the
race track at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. i
where the events of me daj for valuable
prizes were carried out. The winners
were as follows:
Race for children under 8 years— First,
EC. Mohrig; second, E. Rapp.
Race for children from 8 to 12— First. A.
l lull . second, M. Everett.
Boys' race. 16 and under— First. E. Moh
rig; second, L. Thompson.
Girls' race, l<> and under— First, May
Metzner; second, Adele White.
Young men's race- First, E. Sharp; sec
ond. H. Eldridge.
Young ladies' race- First, li. Smith; sec
ond, Maud Pettie.
Fat men's race— First, C. Rice; second,
X. Euler.
Married men's race— First, T. Blight;
second. M. Lewis.
Married ladies' rac« — First. Mrs. Moon .
second, Mrs. Dodge.
KrP and spoon rare for ladies — First.!
Mi- Me •: second, Clarisse Muller.
Sack race— First, C. Campbell; second
O. Mizner.
Three-legged race First. A. Sharp: sec
ond, < •. < 'ratg.
Putting the shot for men- First. .1.
I '■•; .!.>■: second. < '. Id. .
i'uttinK the shot for ladies— First, Mis 3-1
Maggioni Kid Gloves
are the perfection of fit
worth 75c, 85c and $i
in figured and striped gro:> grains,
taffetas and satin soleils; large variety
of this season's patterns and colors;
the greatest value we have ever of-
fered in our silk department; will be
placed on sale Monday inornincr for
125 to 131 Kearny St.
A. Pettie; second, Miss R. Pistolesi.
The committee on games and prizes
were Robert Collier, Ira <;. Hoitt, A. E.
Buckingham and John McHenry, who
worked tirelessly to Insure the pleasure of
their guests.
Among those present were: \V. <;.
Badger, George Caswell, Robert Collier.
Albert H. Wheaton of the Hunker Hill
Association; John 1. Spear. A. H. Cotton',
Robert Vandercook, .John F. Pinkham, I-:.
B. Vreeland of the Society cf California
Pioneers; Edwin Bonnell, Horace Davis.
/.. 1". Dodge, Chauncey St. John. Byron
Mauzy, Colonel J. C. furrier. Edward S.
Clark. M. 1.. Milton Andros, Charles J.
King, Mark Sheido,,. Franklin Day. Giles
li. Gray. Robert Hawkhurst, Edwin Ban
forth, William T. lluie. Sins of American
Revolution; George W. Reed, Dovid Hen
shaw Ward and Charles S. Greene of
Military Order of Foreign Wars of the
I 'nii.d St.; p s.
I tall K. Rand 1 ' : (akland • xhibit< d the
old flintlock musket carried by hts prand
father. Sergeant Rand, ai the battles of
Hunker Hill. Saratoga and Bennington.
All ' an find resl and education in a va
cation in Yosemite; 12 days. $50; 7 days
$ia. ;:l>i .Market street. «
Threatened His Wife.
Thomas L. Young, the "'fake" news
paper man, who was arrested for threat
ening to kill his wife, appeared before
Judge Treadweil yesterday. At the re
quest of his attorney, the case was con
tinued for a week, and the Judge Axed his
bonds in $2000. Young nearly killed Ills
wife aboul three years ago while she w.is
iiving in Pan Luis Obisoo and served two
years in Pan Quentin Cor the nimc,
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~~
- #
SPECIAL
VALUES -
[ 44-inch FRENCH TWILLED
$1.00 VnrrJ CHEVIOT, very heavy twill,
I* ¥ 3 111 ' " ' 'a " new shades ' such as
*■ lUtUi grays, tans, browns and
I purple mixtures.
$1 00 V~ X ! 44 " inch FRENCH WHIPCORD
I \a\\\ suiting in new summer
IlilUi colorings.
] 50-inch IRONSIDES SERGE, in
*7ETsv> Vnrrl I greens, navys, garnet,
£ €>C I mil browns, tans, grays, pur-
lUlUi pie, arm y ( cardinal and
cadet.
T^ . . | | 50-inch GRANITE CLOTH, all
7^ E^^>- Ycirn solid colors and fancy
C I dllli • weaves, full variety of the
latest colorings.
5 1/ I I 44-inch ■ GENUINE FRENCH
fl|x> iQrfl BEIGE, new mixed effects,
vFW I dill i I so much used or outing
I suits.
2.. , 50 pieces 38-inch FANCY
K/> Ydrri WOOL CHEVIOTS, checks,
fL?^r^ 1 dill a 1 figures and plaids, all dark
I and medium colorings.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
REINSMEN ARE
PREPARING FOR
HARNESS DACES
Big Meeting July 4 at
Oakland.
— » —
ONLY AMATEURS WILL DRIVE j
— «
j INTEREST IN THE KACE FOR
THE FRANK OKANE CUT.
- — . —
Members of Golden Gate Park Driv
i ing Association Are Giving
Their Horses Special
Preparations.
A meeting of the members of the Golden
Gate Parh Driving Association was held
ai Kspp's Hall, 1200 Markei street, yes
terday afternoon, for tlt * • purpose of mak
ing further arrangements for the trotting
and pacing races which will be held -a 1 :
the Oakland track on July 4. Th( re was a
largo attendance, and Secretary Fred
Thompson was kept busy for n while
making '"it receipts for now members.
Vico President Aigeltinger presided, and
in opening the meeting stated thai from
i preseni indications there would be about !
, iiii entries, which would Include the crack
trotters and pacers <>f the State, hi hi?
; opinion it would noi be surprising if sum
] of the existing records were smashed.
'Plir action of the board of directors in
deciding t<> charge no admission fee, as
well as their /.ward of the DO9I privileg<
was unanimous^' approved.
Secretary Thompson reported that a I
I baud of twenty i>ieops had been engaged
to discourse music between races, and :
thai the printing committee had decided
to issue n souvenir programme.
Chairman Kapp of the track committee
informed those present that arrangements ;
i had been perfected to put the track In
lirst-cla&s condition, so thai it would in> !
good and Last, and that ni> expense wouid
be spared in the matirr.
li was decided to secure the services of I
' tho famous driver, Budd Doble, a;
starter.
Secretary Thompson stated thai the
special race for the "green class." for tlv
JIOO siK-er cup presented by F. <;. O'lCane.
would be one of the features of
the day. judging from the numerous In
quiries in reference to it. He said thai
he was Informed thai the chairman, Su
pervisor Aigeltinger, had purchased Nel- !
lie Campbell, the prize winner at the
horse show, bred by Adolph B. Spreckels,
and that he expected to carry off the cup
with the pretty littl<' mare. The secre
tary said there were others who had
"good things" to spring in thai -'<" n
class rai o on July 4.
Rtbekahs Please Friends
Last evening Mission Rebekah >■'■•'■■•■
Kavp ;m entertainment to its many friends
In Excelsior Hall. There were mafi) "'
these present, who, with the members,
mini thf hall. For their amusenv nt then
was given a programme of pleasing num
bers of music and recitations, contributed
bj Mrs. Susie A. Pressy. Mrs. [JlHan
Fk-minß. S. Kent George Smith. F. Mil
ler ami Misses H. Dirking. &*• Neuberl
F. Hawkins 11. Lane and G. ' ranton.
This was supplemented by shadowgraphs
which were given on a screen between
dance numbers. It was a very pleasant
affair, under tho management or Mrs. w.
w. Watson. Mrs. Maude Timbrell and F.
Hearst.
The "Oiympia" music b"x. with inter
changeable tun? discs, is the host on
the market. A full stock at Mauvais 1 ,
T69 Market street.
$ PAINLESS DENTISTRY. I
V V> ' „/ / PLATES.. S4.OO u?S=>
- x : I' • V*\- FILLINSS. .25c up Jh
_J!^^v^T. CROWNB $ 3 50
'Jji ~~J--^*L- - ■ '*fe — «~» A written guar- gj^
v jp -^*^ab' ;>:^A^x% y pars for t»n gj^
Hm JT '■* if. \Vn~-> yparss with pa h S- 3
Jim ■: "v fsp?% Yk* n ration. 5--
""36* /iffn P\ P*inless Extriction 3
"^3 '-ji t/ s electricity our^
—jjjg ** specialty. Zj?"
gj|p Open Evenings, and Sundays. JJ-*
3» v^isr TOOOM s=;
3* ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, *U
C T»^ 597 MARKET, CO."?. SIXTH. *&
! B .
""" CASH OR LITTLE- AT- A-TIMB.
. II 1
Roller-Top Desk and Revolving
Chair, the set this week $15
-Is there any excuse now f«r a hiisinpss
man being without a Desk when our
price and tern 3 an low enouKh for the
poorest? 'I he Holler Ton I'efk is of
oak- polish cut gives fair niea. ' hair
is f-f oak: hieh back, arm?.* cane^eat.
The combination if !"" :ctlt ,S I«s'
this week \v ***
THE J. "NOON AN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.).
1017-1023 MISSION STREET,
fltavi SixtT).
Phone goath H_ °? ea Er «°'ag».
NOPAI^ NO PAIN.
/ / /20 p»r Cent Discounts \
y% n ciatcs and Bridgeware \\
'SEE OUR NEW
FLESKOLORED PLATES
THINNER fiND STRONGER
; : THAN RUBBER.
Crowns $3.50. ' Plates S3. 1 HHrfl 50c.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 SIXTH ST.. COR. STEVENSON.
««pr nnilXl Corner Fourth an V
Pflll U lIU ft I Market. S. F. Tr/
111 I* Kill ill our Special Brew
Utll L, lIU ! llUoc, Overcoats ar.i
.Valises checked Irs*,Text not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not available