VOLVME LXXXVII-NO. 6.
FUTURE OF THE PHILIPPINES RESTS WITH CONGRESS.
Thus Declares the President, Who
Also Says It Does Not Seen)
Desirable That HeShould Recom
mend at This Time a Specific
Form of Government.
HERE IS THE MESSAGE AT A GLANCE.
PHILIPPINES— No independence promised. Protectorate V
J. cannot be considered. Future of the islands pi the hands of X
Congress. \
CUBA — Our pledge must be kept. Free Cuba must be a reality. <)
TRUSTS — Are obnoxious to the common lazy and the public zed- Q
fare. $
MERCHAXT MARIXE— ShouId be developed and strength- \
cued, a
CURREXCY— UphoId the gold standard. Protect the gold re- ()
serve. Provide the Secretary of tin Treasury with more 0
pozcer. ( d
NAYY — Make liberal appropriations for its maintenance and im \
pravement. *
NICARAGUA CANAL— A necessity, and there should be Q
early action. $
PACIFIC CABLE— Take measures that will lead to its estab- <?
llshment. \
SAMOA — Satis arrangement concluded with Germany A
and Great Britain. A
HA H'AII — Government should be fully defined and presided for. ()
ALASKA — Growth of Territory makes neu lazes necessary.
PORTO RICO — Time ripe for temporary form of Gczrrnmcnt. a
ALASKAN BOUNDARY — Negotiations in progress for a j
settlement. ()
TRANSVAAL WAR— Neutrality maintained. We have re- v
nuxined faithful to precept of avoiding entangling alliances, v
TO ihr Senate and House of Repre
sentatives: At the threshold of
your deliberations you at* called
to mourn with your countrymen
th«» death of Vice President Hn
hart. who passed from this life
?n the morning of November Cl la^t. His
(rreat soul now rests In eternal peace.
His private llf«» was pure and elevated,
while hi» public career was ever distln
irulu! Ed by lan?e capacity, stainless in
t«»ffTlty and exnltM motives. He has been
r«»mov<*d from the hiph office which h*
honored and <li»rnifi>d. but his lofty # char
acter. hip devotion to duty, his honesty
r>f purpose and noble virtue* remain with
t:n as a priceleFH racy and example.
PROSPERITY REIGNS
' Increase of Our Foreign Com
—Year's Combined Exports and
Imports Largest in cur History.
The Fifty-Fixth Congress convenes in
M» fir*t re-cular session with thf country
In a condition of unusual prosperity, of
universal goodwill among th«» i»eojiie mi
h««m«\ an.l Us r<*!atiuns of jx»apo and
fripndship with « very government of the
•••orld. O»;r foreign romir'W has shown
pr*-at Increase in volune and value. The
rrimbim-d imports and ezporia for tht;
joar irt the l.irp<;«t ever i-hown by a
»!nßle year In ail our
history. Our exports
fnr 1W aJone exceeded
tv more than ■ Mlllon
ri'.lliirf our Imports and
rxportu crimMned In
I*?'*. The Imports per
capita ar* "0 per cent
U-t* than In I^7o. while
the exports p«r capita
•re ES per cent more
th&n In I*7o. Bhowlnp
the «nlarc^d capacity
6f th« United States to
ratlsfy the wants of It*
cwn lncreaning popula
tion, bp wrll as to con.
tribute to those of the
peoples of other na.
Experts of agricultural products were
F7M776142. Of manufactured products we
uported 5n value $339,592,146, being larger
than ar.y previous year. It Is a note
worthy fsrt that the onl» years In all
nur history when the products of our
manufactories sold abroad exceeded
thore bought abroad were ISDB an-! 1839.
Government receipts from all sources
for the flical y arended June 30, 1533. in
cluding JII.7JK.SH 14. part payment of the
r>ntral Pacific indebtedness, aggregated
yiO,Ds2.ort4 35. rrMnms receipts were $206.
12MS1 75. and th'><«* from internal revenue
irS.43T.ICI 51. -
For the flsral yoar the expenditures
w«r« rw.032.5G1 02. leaving a deficit of
t53.111.K9 C 7.
Th*» Secretary *f the Treasury esti
mates thai the receipts for the current
fiscal y<-ar will aggregate $640,958,112. and
upon the basis of pr<-s««nt appropriations
the expenditure? will aggregate $G00,108.
112. leaving J4i,nno.OY). For the fiscal year
rnded .Tune 30. U9X, the internal revenue
r^rrlpts wcr« lncr*>a«ofl about $inO.(VW.OM.
The present gratifying strength of the
treasury Is shown »>y the fact that on
December 1. IKW. the available cash bal
luice was $27R.<V'4.5C7 72. of which $233,744.
left M was in gold coin and bullion. The
conditions of confidence which prevail
throurhout the country have brought
pold Into more general \i<=e and customs
receipts aro now almost entirely paid In
that coin.
FINANCE.
Legislation to Support the Exlsling
Gold Standard — More Power Urged
for Secretary of Treasury.
«>O*o<>O-S O*- OtOfO <i O<? O^O-f.n •'■
The San Francisco Call
with respect, to cash on hand, and the 1
favorable showing made by the revenues i
have made it possible for the Secretary ,
of the Treasury to take action under the i
provisions of section &24. Revised Stat •
utes. relating to the sinking fund. Re- ,
celpts exceeded expenditures for th« first
five months of the current fiscal year by
m.4i3.;.53 si. and. as mentioned above, the j
Secretary of the Treasury estimates that
there will be a surplus of approximately
J40.000.0iT0 at .he end of the year.
Under such conditions It was deemed ad
visable and proper to resume compliance
with the provision* of the sinking fund
law. which for eight years has not been
done because of deficiencies in the rev
enues. Tne Treasury Department, there
fore, offered to purchase during Novem
ber J25.f"in.000 of the 5 per cent loan of
ISM. or the 4 per cent funded loan of IM7,
at the current market price. The amount
offered ajid purchased during November
was $lM f| S.6<y>. The premium paid by the
Government on such purchases was
?2.2.^,r.21 and the net saving in interest
was about J2.R55.f00. The success of this
operation was sufficient to induce the
Government to continue the offer to pur
chase bonds to and including the 23d day
<>( December. Instant, unless the remain
der of the J25.0f>0.000 called for should bo
presented in the meantime for redemp
tion.
Increased activity in industry with its
welcome attendant— ■ larger employment
for labor at higher wages— gives to th«
body of the people a larger power to ab
sorb the circulating medium. It is fur-
ther true that year by
year, with larpcr areas
"f land under cultiva
tion, the increasing vol
ume of agricultural pro
ducts, cotton, corn and
wheat, rails for a
Inrpor volume of money
supply. This Is espe
cially noticeable at the
crop harvesting and
crop moving period.
In Its earlier history
th« national bankinß
act seemed to prove a
rea sona b1 « avenu*
through which needful
additions to the circu
lation could from time
to time be made.
Changing conditions have apparently ren
i dered it now inoperative to that end. The
• high margin in bond securities required
resulting from large premiums which
Government bonds command In the mar
ket, or the tax on note issues, or both
operating together, appear to be the In
fluences which Impair It? public utility.
i The attention of Congress Is respect
fully, invited to this important matter
. with the view of ascertaining whether or
, not such reasonable modifications can M
. made in the national banking act as
I will render Its service In the particulars
here referred to more responsive to the
i people's needs. I again urge that na
* tional banks be authorized to organize
with ■ capital of J25.000.
I urgently recommend
that to support th. *>x-
I Ist Ing gold standard
; and to maintain "the
. parity in vaJue of the
■ coins of the two metal*
, (gold and silver* and
the equal power of cv
. cry dollar at all times
, In the market and In
. the payment of debts,"
. the Secretary of the
. Treasury be given ad-
I dltinnal power and
charged with the duty
] to sell I'nited States
i bonds and to employ
such other effective
means as may be nec
i cssary to these ends.
Th<» authority should include the power to
anthorlty should include the power to
Mil bond* on long and short time, as
conditions may require, and should pro
vi.lt, for a rate of interest lower than
that fixed by the act of January 11 1«75.
While there is now no commercial frighl
Which withdraws gold from the Govern
n^-nt. bm on tfa* contrary, such wlde
) sj-r. ad confidence th.it gold seeks the
treasury demanding paper money in ex
r change, yet the very situation points to
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1899.
the pr»srnt as 'he mo* W- Hiring time to
make adequate provision to insure the
continuance of the gold standard and of
public confidence in the ability and pur
pose of the Government to meet all its
obligations In the money which the civil
ised world recognizes as the best. The
financial transactions of the Government
are conducted upon a gold basis. We re
ceive gold when wo sell United States
bonds and u>e gold for tho'r payment.
We are maintaining the parity of all tho
money Issued or coined by authority of
the Government. We are doing these
things with the means at hand. Happily,
at the present time, we are not compelled
to resort to loans to supply gold. It has
boon done in the past. however, and may
have to he done in the future. It be
hooves us therefore to provide at once
the best means tO meet th« emergency
when it arises, and the best means are.
those which are the most certain and
economical. Those now authorized have
the virtue neither of directness nor econ
omy. We have already eliminated ono
of the causes of our financial plight and
embarrassment during the years _ 1R93.
1894, -:i5 and ISM. Oar receipts now
equal our expenditures: deficient reven
ues no longer create alarm. I^et us"re
move •ho only remaining cause by con
ferring the full and necessary power, on
the Secretary of the Treasury, and im
pose upon him the duty to uphold the
present gold standard and preserve the.
coins of the two metals on a parity with
each other, which is the repeatedly de
clared policy of the United States. .
In this connection I repeat my former
recommendations, that a portion of trfo
gold holdings shall bo placed In a trust
fund from which greenbacks shall be re
deemed upon presentation, but when once
redeemed shall not thereafter be paid
out except for gold
? MERCHANT MARINE
6 ■
o Our Maritime Strength Shculd Be Com*
o mensurate With the Country's
| Industrial Achievement.
•
The value of an American merchant
marine to the extension of our commer
cial trade and the strengthening of our
p.wer upon the sea Invites the Imme
diate action of Congress. Our national
envelopment will bo one-sided and unsat
<ry so long as the remarkable
growth of our inland industries remains
■•mpanied by progress on the seas.
TbaM Is no lack of constitutional author
ity for legislation which Khali give to the
country maritime strength commensur
ate with Its industrial achievements and
with its rank among the nations of the
earth.
The past year has recorded exceptional
activity In our shipyards and the prom
ises of continual prosperity in shlp-
building are ahundant.
Advanced legislation for
the protection of our
seamen has been en
acted. Our coast trade,
under regulations wise
ly framed at the begin
ning of the Government
and since, shows results
for the past fiscal year
unequaled In our rec
ords, or those of any
other p<.w.-r. We shail
fail to realize our op
portunities, however, if
we complacently r^Rard
only matters at home
nnd blind ourselves to
the necessity of secur
ing our share in the
valuable carrying trade of the world.
].a*t year American vessels transported
a share of our exports and im
ports than during any former year In all
our history, and the measure of our de
pendence upon foreign shipping was
painfully manifested to our people.
Without any choice of our own. hut from
My. the departments of the Gov
ernment charged with military and naval
operations In the East and West Indies,
had to obtain from foreign flags mer
cimnt'vc.'-ECis essential for those opera
tions.
Th.» other great nations have not hesi
tated to adopt the required means to de
•'..)> their shipping as a factor in na
tional defense and as one of the surest
and speediest means of obtaining for
their produce a share in foreign mar
kets. Like vigilance and effort on our
part cannot fail to improve our situation,
which Is regarded with humiliation at
home and with surprise abroad. Even
i he seeming' sacrifices, which at the be
ginning may be involved, will be offset
later by more than equivalent gains.
The expense is as. nothing compared to
the advantage to he achieved.. The re
establishment of our merchant marine
involves In a large measure our contin
■■■• 1 industrial progress and the exten
sion of our commercial triumphs. 1 am
satisfied the Judgment of the country fa
vors the policy of aid to our merchant
marine, which will broaden our com
merce and markets and upbuild our sea 1
carrying capacity for the products of ag
riculture and manufacture. • and which,
with the increase of our navy, mean
more work and wages to our country
men, as well as a safeguard to American
Interests In every part of the world.
TRUSTS.
Question Is Important and Far-Reach
ing:, and v\ise and Judicious
Action Must Be Taken.'
*o«o*o*o; o • o '• o*o*o»o;oii
Combinations of r;ipital organized into
trusts to control the coni!tti«;ns of trad.;
anioiiß our citizens, to stifle competition,
limit production and determine the prices
of products DMd and consumed hy the
people, are justly provoking public dls
n and should early claim the atten
tion of the Congress.
The industrial commission, created by
the act of Congress of June IS. 1*96.
has been engaged in extended hearings
upon the disputed questions involved in
the subject of combination In restraint of
trade and competition. Thoy have not
yet completed their investigation of this
subject nnd the conclusions and recom
mendations at which they may arrive are
undetermined.
The subject it one riving rise to many
divergent views as to the nature and va
riety or cause and extent of the Injuries
to the public, which may arise from large
combinations concentrating more or less
numerous enterprises and establishments,
which previously to the formation of the
combination were carried on separately.
It is universally conceded that combin
ations which engross or control the mar
ket of any particular kind of merchan
dise or commodity necessary to the gen
eral community by suppressing natural
and ordinary' competition, whereby prices
are unduly enhanced to the general con
sumer, are obnoxious not only to the
common law, but also a? to the public
welfare. There must be a remedy for the
evils involved In such organizations. If
the present law can be extended more
certainly to control or check these mon
opolies or trusts. It should be done with
out delay. Whatever power Congress
possesses over this most Important sub
ject should be promptly ascertained and
asserted.
President Harrison, in his annual mes
sage of December 3, IRS9, says:
"Earnest attention should be given by
Congress to a consideration of the ques
tion how far the restraint of those com
binations of capital commonly , called
'Trusts' is matter of Federal jurisdic
tion. When organized, as they often are.
to crush out all healthy competition and
to monopolize the production or sale of
an article of commerce and general ne
cessity they are dangerous conspiracies
against the public good and they should
be made the subject of prohibitory and
even penal legislation."
An act to protect trade and commerce
against unlawful restraints and monopo
lies was passed by Congress on the sec
ond of July. IK*V The provisions of this
statute are comprehensive, and stringent.
It declares every contract or combination
In the form of a trust- or otherwise or
conspiracy in the restraint of trade or
commerce among the several States or
with foreign nations to be unlawful. It
denominated as a criminal every person
who makes any such contract or engages
in any such combination or conspiracy
and provides a punishment by tin* or im
prisonment. It invests the several Cir
cuit Courts of the -United States with
jurisdiction to prevent and restrain vio
lations of the act; an.. makes it the duty
of the several United States District At
torneys, under the direction of the Attor
ney General, to institute, proceedings in
equity to prevent and restrain such vio
lations. It further confers upon any per
son or corporation damaged by
reason of anything forbidden or
declared to be unlawful by the
act the power to sue therefor In any
Circuit Court of the United States with
out respect to the amount in controversy,
and to recover threefold the damages by
him sustained and the costs of the suit,
including reasonable attorney fees. It
will be perceived that the act is aimed at
every kind of combination in the nature
of a trust or monopoly in restrain of In
terstate or international commerce.
. The prosecution by the United States
of offenses under the act of 1890 has been
frequently resorted to in the Federal
courts and notable efforts in the re
straint of Interstate commerce, such as
the Trans-Missouri Freight Association
and the Joint Traffic Association, have
been successfully opposed and sup
pressed.
■ President Cleveland, in his annual mes
sage of December 7. I.W. — more than six
years subsequent to the enactment of
this law— after stating the evils of theso
trust combinations, says:
"Though Congress has attempted to
deal with this matter by legislation, the
laws passed for that purpose thus far
have proved ineffective, not because of
any lack of disposition or attempt to en
force them, but simply because the laws
themselves as interpreted by the courts
do not reach the difficulty. If the Insuffi
ciencies of the existing laws can be rem
edied Iby further legislation, It should be
done. '• The fact must bo recognized, how
ever,'that all Federal legislation on this
subject may fall short of Its purpose be
cause of inherent obstacles and also be
cause! of- the complex character of our
governmental system, which, while mak
ing the Federal authority supreme within
Its sphere, has carefully limited that
sphere by metes and bounds which can
not be transgressed. The decision nt our
highest court on this precise question
renders :It quite doubtful whether tho
evils -of ' trusts and monopolies can be
adequately treated through Federal ac
tion unless they seek directly and pur
posely to include In their objects trans
portation or Intercourse between States
or between the United States and foreign
countries. "•-*
"It does not follow, however, that this
Is the limit of the remedy that may be
applied. Even though it may be found
that Federal authority Is not broad
enough to fully reach tho case, there can
be no reason to doubt the power of the
several States to act
effectively in the prem
ises, and there should
be no reason to doubt
their willingness to Ju
diciously exercise such
power."
The State legislation
to which President
Cleveland looked for re
lief from the evil of
trusts has failed to ac
complish fully that ob
ject. This is probably
'due to a great extent
to the fact that differ
ent States take differ
ent views as to the
proper way to discrim
inate between evil and
injurious combinations and those
associations which are beneficial and necf
essary to the business prosperity of the
country. The great diversity of treat
ment in different States arising from this
cause and the Intimate relations of all
parts of the country to each other with
out regardinc St;u>- lines In the conduct
of business have made the enforcement
of State laws difficult.
It Is apparent that uniformity of legis
lation upon this subject In the several
[ Many Topics of Interest to the
Nation Treated arjd Numerous
Recommendations Made by Mc-
KiQley in His Message to tJ)e
Fifty-Sixth Corjgress.
BRIEF VIEWS OF IMPORTANT QUESTIONS.
7 HE President says: The Philippine Islands are ours by
every title of laze and equity. If we desert them Wi fling
them a golden apple of discord among the rival
no one of which would permit another to seize them unqi
The pledge contained in the joint resolution adopt
gress by which the United States disclaimed any disposition
or intention to exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or control over
Cuba, except for pacification thereof, and asserted its determina
tion when that was accomplished to leave the government and
control of the island to its people, is of the highest honorable ob
ligation, and must be sacredly i
Confer full and necessar .tpon the Sccretarx of the
Treasury to uphold the present gold standard and preserve the
coins of the two metals on a parity with each other, which is the
declared policy of the United States.
Whatever p&wer Con cress possesses over this most impor
tant subject (the trusts) should be promptly ascertained and as
serted.
The judgment of the country favors the policy of aid to our
merchant marine, which will broaden our commerce and markets.
The fundamental requirement for the people of our ne:i' pos
sessions is education. Care must be exercised that changes be ttot
made too abruptly, and that the racial peculiarities cf the inhab
itants shall be given due weight.
States Is miich to b* d.»»ired. !t Is to <
be hoped that such uniformity founded In :
a wt?" nn'l ju.it dlprrlmlr.atlon t»etw#»en 1
v. hat Is Injurious and what Is useful and I
necessary In buataMM operations may
be obtained and that means may br
found for the ('ongress ■within the limita
tions of its CQj»Mltution;il power I
supplement an effecthre OOde of State leg- '
Islation as to make ■ complete system of '
law throu^h'.iit the Halted >m- '
pel a general observance of the salu- '
tary rules to which I have referred. '
The whole question Is so Important and '
f;ir-reachiiiK that I am *ur«» no part of '
It will be Hchtly considered, but every 1
phase of It will have the studied deliber- I
atlon of Concr>ps, resulting In wise and i
Judldoui acaon.
FOREIGN RELATIONS:
_____ >.
Presenta'loi of an Exhaustive Review c
of the Situation, With Various Ap- c
, proprlate Recommendations. c
A review of our relations with foreign
States is presented with such recommen
dations as are deemed appropriate.
The long pending boundary dispute he
tween the Argentine Republic and Chile
was settled in March last by the award
of an arbitration commission, on which
the United States Minister at Buenos
Ayrcs served as um
pire.
Progress has been
made toward the con
clusion of a convention
of extradition with tho
Argr ntlno Republic.
Having been advised
and consented to by the
United States Senate
and ratified by Argen
tina. It only awaits the
adjustment of some
slight changes in the
text before exchange.
AUSTRO-HUNGfIRY
In my last annual
message I adverted to
the claim of the Austro-Hungarian
Government for indemnity for the kill
ing of certain Austrian and Hungarian
subjects by the authorities of the State
of Pennsylvania at Lattlmer. while sup
pressing an unlawful tumult of miners.
September 10. IK*7. In view of the v. r
diet of acquittal rendered by the court
b. fore which the Sheriff and liis deputies
were tried for murder and following the
established doctrine that the Govern
ment may not be held accountable for
injuries suffered by Individuals at tho
hands of the public authorities while act-
Ing In the line of duty In suppressing dis
turbance of the public peace, this Gov
. rtiment, after due consideration of the
clalm advanced by tne
Au?tro-Hungar!an <'."V
ernment. was constrain
ed to decline, liability to
indemnify the sufferers.
BELGIUM.
It Is gratifying to be
able to announce that
the Belgian Govern
ment has mitigated the
restrictions on the im
portation of cattle from
the United States to
which I referred In my
last annual message.
Having been invited
by Belgium to partici
pate in a congress held
at Brussels to revile the provisions of the
I general act of July 2. 1890, for thfl repres
sion of the African slave trade, to which
the I'nited States was a signatory party.
this Government preferred not to be rep
tcd by a plenipotentiary, but re
served the right of accession to the re-
Milt. Notable changes wrre made, those
ially referring to this country belnK
in the line of Increased restriction of tlie
deleterious trade in spirituous liquors
with the native tribes, which this Qov
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
eminent has from the outset urgently
idvoeated. Th- amended general act will
be. laid before th« Senate, with a view to
Its ndvlce and consent.
BOLIVIA.
Early In the year the. peace of Bolivia
was disturbed by a' successful Insurrec
tion. The United States Minister remain
d at his post, attending the American
Interests In that quarter and using be
•ides his good offices for the protection of
the Interests of the British subjects. In
the absence of their national representa
tive. On the establishment of th« new
government our Minister was directed tn
nt^r Into relations therewith. General
Pando was elected President of Bolivia
>ti October 23.
Our representative has been Instructed
to use all permissible friendly endeavors
to Induce the Government of Bolivia f«>
amend Its marriage laws so as to j»lv«
legal status to the non-Catholic and civil
marriages of aliens within Its Jurisdic
tion and strong hopes ar« entertained
that the Bolivian law In this regard will
bo brought, as was that of Peru mma
years ago. Into harmony with the general
practice of modern States.
BRAZIL.
A convention of extradition with Bra
zil, signed May 14. MM has been ratified
by the Brazilian Legislature.
During the past summer two national
.-hips of the United States have visited
Brazilian ports on a friendly mission and
have been cordially re
ceived. The voyage of
the Wilmington up the.
Amazon River gave rise
to a passing misunder
standing, owing tn oon
fusion In obtaining per
mission to visit the In
terior and make sur
veys In the general In
terest of navigation, but
the incident found a
ready adjustment In
harmony with the close
relations of amtty
which this Government
has always sedulously
sought to cultivate with
the commonwealths of
the Western Continent.
COLOMBIA
The claim flowing out of the seizure
of the American-owned newspaper, the
Panama Star and Herald, by the author
ities of Colombia, has been settled, after
a controversy of several years, by an
agreement assessing at $3t),000 the indem
nity to be paid by the Colombian Gov
ernment, In three installments of SlO.Ofl)
each. The goodwill of Colombia toward
our country has been testified anew by
the cordial extension of facilities to the
Nlcaraguan Canal Commission in their
approaching investigation of the Pan
ama Canal and other projected routrs
across the Isthmus of Darien. Toward
the end of October an Insurrectionary
disturbance developed In th.-> Colombian
republic. This movement has thus far
not attained any decisive result and Is
still in progress.
DENMARK
Discussion of the questions raised by
the action of Denmark In imposing re
strictions on the importation •■: American
meat has continued with substantial re
sult in our favor.
SAN DOMINGO.
The neighboring island. Republic of
Santo Domingo, has lately been th*»
scene of a revolution, following a long
period of tranquillity. It began with the
killing of President Heureaux In July
last, and culminated In the rellnqulnh
ment by the i>ucceeding Vice President of
the reins of government to the insur
gents. Tho first act of the Provisional
Government mi the calling of a Presi
dential and constituent election. Juan
Jsidro Jlmlnez. having been elected
President, was Inaugurated on the 14th
of November. Relations have been •fl2
FITTING TIME TO INSURE CONTINUANCE OF THE GOLD STANDARD.
tcred Into with the newly established
Government.
NICARAGUA. HONDURAS AND
SALVADOR.
Th« experimental association of Nicar
agua. Honduras and Salvador, under the
title of the Greater Republic of Centra!
America, when apparently on the thresh
old of a complete Federal organization
by the adoption of a constitution and the
formation «>f a national legislature, was
dlFrujMod in the last tlaya of November.
I:3s. by the withdrawal of Salvador.
Thereupon Nicaragua and Honduras
abandoned the Joint compact, each re-
Buminj; Its former independent sover
eignty.- Tills was followed by the recep
tion of Minister Merry by the republics
Of Nicaragua and Salvador, while Minis
ter Banter* in turn, presented his creden
tials to the Government uf Honduras,
vlius reverting to the old distribution of
iha diplomatic agencies of the United
States In Central America, for which our
existing statutes provide. A Nicarasuan
envoy has been accredited to the United
States.
Ah insurrectionary movement, under
Centra! Reyes, broke out at Bluefields In
February last and for some time exercised
actual fcntrol In the Mosquito territory.
The IVtrolt was promptly Bent thither
for tho protection of American Interests.
After a few (reek* the Reyes Govern
ment renounced the conflict, giving place
:n ad
■
■
° mand
■
:it was effected
-
■ • v •< <lui>
•h the
the 1
r
NiCARfiGUfI CANAL 2
-I —
ts Great Importance Cannot Be Too q
Often or Too Strongly Pressed Upon £
the Attention of Congress. 1
. «.i»c cuijiraci pi me jHarmme* (anal
Company of Nicaragua was declared
forfeited by the Nicaraguan Government
on rho lUh of October, on the ground of
non-fuinilment within the ten years'
term .stipulated in the contract." Th«
Maritime Canal Company has lodged a
protett against this action, alleging
rights in the premises which appear
worvhy of consideration. This Govern
ment expects that Nicaragua will afford
the protestants full and fair hearing upon
the merits of the case.
The Nicaragua Canal Commission,
which had boon engaged upon the work
of examination and survey for a ship
casal route across Nicaragua, hav
ing compMoil Its labors and made Its re
port, was dissolved on May 31, and on
June 10 a new commission, known as tha
Isthmian Canal Commission, «m organ
ized under the terms of the act approved
March 3, IW, for the purpose of examin
ing the American Isthmus with a view
to determining the most practicable and
feasible, route for a ship canal across
that Isthmus, with its probable cost and
other cßtfentlal details.
Thte commission, under the presidency
of Rear Admiral John G. Walker, U. S.
X. (retired), entered promptly upon the
worn mirusica io h,
and Is now carrying on
examinations In Nica
ragua, along the route
of th* Punama canal
and In Daric n. from tho
Atlantic' In tho neigh
borhood of the Atratl
River, to th« Bay of
Panama on the Pacific
pide. oV>d progT< sn has
been mai>. but- under
the law a comprc-hen*
elve and compute In*
vcstlpatlon is railed
Jot. which will requires
much labor and consid
erable time for Its ac
compli s hment. The
work will be prosecuted
as tJtjM'ditk'UF'.y as possible and a report
made at the <arllest practicable date. .
The groat importance of this work can
not be too often or too strongly pressed
upon th«* attention or the Ccnsress. In
my menage of a year ago I: expressed
my vioys of the necessity <<{ a canal
which -would link the two great oceans,
to which- 1 again Invite your eonsldera»
tlon. Th* . reasons then preis.ented for
early action are. even stronger now. «•
: . • . CHILE.
A pl^as^r.g Incident In the relations of
thle Government with that of Chile oc
curred In the generous arslstance 'given
to th«* warship Newark whe .i in distress
Jn Chilean water*. Not alone In this way
) slm the friendly disposition of Chile
found expression. That country has ac
cedod to the convention for the establish
nMCt of the BilfeaJi of American Repub
lic*, in which organization every Inde
pendent state of the continent now
■hare*
The exchange of ratifications of a con
vention for the revival of the United
Etates and Chilean Claims Commission,
and for the adjudication of the claims
heretofore presented but not determined
during the life cf the previous commis
sion. ha» been delayed by reason of the
necessity for fresh action by the Chilean
Eemvte upon tho amendments attached to
the ratification of the treaty by the
United Ftatrs Senate. This formality Is
moon to be accomplished.
CHINA.
In mi »■ of disturbances in the populous
provinces . In Northern China, w here are
many or our citizens, and of the Immi
nence of disorder near the capital and
toward the seaboard, a guard of marines
was landed from the Boston and station
ed during laM winter in the legation
compound at Peking. With the restora
tion of order this protection waa with
drawn. '. :■•'. "
The Interests of our citizens in that vast
empire have not been neglected during
the past year. Adequate protection has
been secured for our missionaries and
some injuries to their property have been
redressed.
American capital ha* sought and found
various opportunities of competing to
carry out the internal Improvements
which the American Government is
wisely encouraging and to develop the
natural resource* of the empire.
Our trade with China has continued to
grow and our commercial rights under
existing treaties have been everywhere
maintained during the pa*t year, as they
will be in the future. The extension of
the area opened to International foreign
settlement at Shanghai and the opening
of ' the ports ■ of "• Nanking, Tsingtao
(IClaochnu*. .and . Talionwan to for
e'.gn trad« and settlement, will doubtless
afTord American enterprise additional
facilities and <n«w fields, of which It -will
not be Blow to take advantage.'
la jay snemce to Con^rcM vi Decein
bcr 5, IK'S. I urged that the recommenda
tion, which had been made to the Speak
er of the House of Representatives by
the Secretary of the Treasury on the 14th
Of June. ISSt, for an appropriation for a
commission to study the commercial and
Industrial conditions in' the Chinese era
pire and report as to the opportunities
for an<l obstacles to the enlargement of
markets In China for the raw products
and manufactures of the United
States phould receive at your hands the
consideration which Its Importance and
timeliness merited, but Congress failed
to take action.
l v now renew this recommendation.- as
the importance if the subject has steadily
grown fineo it iras first submitted to you.
and no time should bo lost in studying
for ourselves the resource? of this great
field for American trade and enterprise.
FRANCE.
The death of President Faure in Febru
ary last called forth those sincere ex
pressions of sympathy which befit the re
latkms of two republics M closely allied
hy unbroken historic ties as are the
United States and France*
Preparations for the representation of
the industries, arts and" products of the
United States at the Worlds Exposition
to be held in Paris next year continue
on an elaborate and comprehensive
pcale. •hanks to the generous appropri
ation provided by Congress and to the
friendly Interest the French Government
has shown In further
ing a typical exhibit of
American progress.
There has been al
lotted to the United
States a considerable
add i t ion of space,
which, while placing
our country In the 11 ret
rank among exhibitors,
does not suffice to meet
the increasingly urgent
demands of our manu
facturers. . The efforts
of - - the Commissioner
General are ably di
rected toward a strictly
representative d i splay
of all that most char
act c r lstlcally marks
American achievement in the inventive
arts, and most adequately shows the ex
cellence of our natural productions.
In this age of keen rivalry among na
tions for mastery in commerce the doc
trine of evolution and the rule of the
survival of the fittest must bo as inex
orable in their opinion as they are posi
tive in the results they bring about. The
place won in the struggle by an Industrial
people can only be held by unrelated
endeavor and constant advance .in
achievement. The present extraordinary
impetus In every line of American expor
tation and the astounding increase In the
volume and value of our share in the
world s markets may
not be attributed to ac
cidental conditions.
The reasons are not
far to Peck. They lie
deep In our national
character and find ex
pression year by year.
In every branch of
handicraft. In every
now <!••■ Ice, whereby
the materials we bo
abundantly produce are
tuMutd to the artisan's
will and made to yield
the largest, most prac
tical and must beneficial
return. The American
exhibit at Paris should,
and I am confident will.
te an open volume, where leESons Of skill
fully directed endeavor, unfaltering en
ergy and consummate performance may
be read by all on every page, thus spread-
Ing abroad a clearer knowledge of the
worth of our producers and the Justice of
our claim to an Important place In the
marts of the world. To accomplish this
by Judicious, solution, by recognition of
paramount merit In whatever walk of
trade and manufacture It may appear and
by orderly classification and attractive ln-
Etallation. is the task, of our commission.
Thi- United States .Government build-
Ing is approaching completion and no ef
fort will I" spared to make It worthy, in
beauty of architectural plan and In corn-
, lay, to
Dt our nation.
It h;w^ been p\:c.
that a permanent build
-!ml!ar «.r appro.
priate dosi£:
on a convenient site,
already Riven by the
municipality, near the
exposition grounds, to
nerve In commemnra
rlon of the part taken
by this country in this
» as an
American National In
stitute for our country
men resorting to Paris
for study.
T am informed by our
Commissioner General
that we shall have In the Ameri
can sections at Paris over 7000 exhib
itors, from every State In our country—
a number ten times as great as , those
which trere represented at Vienna in
1573, Fix times as many as those In Paris
in 1878. and four times as many as those
who exhibited in Paris In 18S9. This
statement does not Include the exhib
its, from either Cuba, Porto Rico or Ha
waii, for which arrangements have been
made.
•A number of important International
congresses .on special topics affecting pub
lic Interest are proposed to be held In
Paris next summer In connection with
the exposition. Effort will be made to
have the several technical branches of
our administration effi
ciently represented at
those conferences, each
In Its special line, and
to procure the largest
po*i«lble concourse of
8 t ate representative*,
particularly at the con-
I of public char
ity and of medicine.
GERMANY.
Our relations with
Germany continue most
cordial. The increasing
Intimacy of direct asso
ciation has been mark
ed during the year by
the granting permission
in April lor the landing on our
shores of a cable from Boskum
J-"mden, on the North Sea, by way of the
Azores, and also by the conclusion on
September 2 of a parcels post convention
with the German empire. In all j that
promises closer relations of Intercourse
and commerce, and a better understand
ing between the two races having bo
many traits In common. Germany can be
assured of the most cordial co-operation
of this Government and people. We may
be rivals in many material paths, but our
rivalry should be generous and open, ever,
aiming toward the attainment of larger
results and the most beneficial advance
ment of each In the line of its especial
adaptability. -. : ,
The several governments of the empire
seem* reluctant to admit the natural ex
cellence of our food products, and to ac
cept* the evidence we constantly tender of
th« care with which their purity is
guarded by rigid Inspection from the
farm, through the slaughterhouse and
the packing establishments, to the port
of shipment. Our system of control over
exported food staples invites examina
tion from any quarter and challenges
respect by Its efficient thoroughness.
. It is to be hoped that in time the two
Governments will act in common accord
toward lite realization of their common
purpose to safeguard the public health
and to the insuring of ■ the purrty and
whotesomenesß . of all food products im
ported by either country from the other.
V. ere .the Congreri to authorize an jny\
fITE SAN FKANCISCQ CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1899.
tatlon to Germany In accordance with
the pending reciprocity negotiations,
for the constitution of a Joint commis
sion of scientific experts and practical
men of affairs to conduct a searching
investigation of food production an<l ex
portation in both countries, and report to
their respective legislatures for the
adoption of such remedial measures aa
they might recommend for either, the
way might be opened for the desirable
result indicated.
Efforts to obtain for American life In
surance companies a full hearing as to
their business operations in Prussia
have, afur several years of patient
representation, happily succeeded, and
one of the most important AmTlrun
companies has been granted a concession
to continue business in that kingdom.
I am also glad to announce that the
German Insurance companies have been
: r ted by the superintendent of in
surance to do business in the State of
X. \v York.
Subsequent to the exchange of our peace
treaty with Spain, Germany acquired the
Caroline Islands by purchase, paying
therefor $5,000,000. Assurances have
been received from the German Govern
ment that the rights of American mission
ary s and traders there will b© consid
erately observed.
GREfIT BRITAIN.
In my last annual message I referred
to the pending negotiations with Great
Britain in reßpect to the Dominion of
Canada. By means of an executive
agreement a Joint high commission had
l . .11 created for the purpose of adjust
ir.p all unsettled questions between the
United States ana Canada, embracing
twelve subjects, among which were the
>ns of the fur seals, the fisheries
of the coast and contiguous inland wa
ters, the Alaskan boundary, the transit
of merchandise in bond, the alien labor
laws, mining rights, reciprocity in trade,
revision of tho agreement respecting
naval vessels in the Great Lakes, a more
complete marking of parts of the boun
dary, provision for the conveyance of
criminals and for wrecking and salvage.
Much progress had been made by the
oommlsaioo toward the adjustment of
many of these questions, when it became
apparent that an irreconcilable difference
rwi was entertained respecting the
delimitation of the Alaskan boundary.
In the failure of an agreement as to the
• n .if articles 3 and 4 of the treaty
i, between Russia and Great Bri
tain, which defined the boundary be
tween Alaska and Canada, tho Ameri
can Commissioners proposed that the
subject of the boundary be laid aside and
that the remaining questions of differ
!••? proceeded with, some of which
w.r.* m far advanced as to assure the
probability of a settlement. This being
declined by the British Commissioners,
an adjournment was taken until the
boundary should be ad-
Justed by the two gov
ernments. The subject
has been reeerving the
careful attention which
Its Importance de
mand?, with the result
that a modus vivendl
for provisional demark
attons in the region
about the head of I.ynn
canal has been agreed
upon and It is hoped
that the negotiations
now In progress be
tween the two govern
ments will end In an
apn <-ment for the es
tablishment and delimi
tation of a permanent
boundary. Apart from - these ques
tions,' growing out of our relationship
with our northern neighbor, the most
friendly disposition and ready agreement
have marked the discussion of the nu
merous matters arising In the vast and
Intimate Intercourse of the United States
with Great Britain.
This Government has maintained an at
titude of neutrality In the unfortunate
contest between Great Britain and the
Boer States of Africa. We have remain
ed faithful to the precept of avoiding en
tangling alliances as to affairs not of our
own direct concern. Had circumstances
suggested that the parties to the quarrel
would have welcomed any kindly expres
sion of the hope of the American people
that the war might be averted, good of
fices would have been gladly tendered.
The United States representative at Pre
toria was early Instructed to see that all
neutral American Interests bo respected
by the combatants. This has been an
easy task. In view of the positive dec
larations of both British and Boer au
thorities that the personal and property
rights of our citizens should be observed.
Upon the withdrawal of the British
agent from Pretoria, the United States
Consul was authorized, upon the request
of the British Government and with the
assent of the South African and Orange
Free State Governments, to exercise the
customary good offices of a neutral for
the care of British interests. In the
discharge of this function I am happy
to say that abundant opportunity has
been afforded to show the impartiality of
this Government to both the combatants.
ITALY.
For the fourth time in the present de
cade question has arisen with the Gov
ernment of Italy In regard to lynching of
Italian subjects. The latest of these de
plorable events occurred at Tallulah,
Louisiana, whereby five unfortunates of
Italian origin were taken from Jail and
handed.
The authorities of the State and a rep
resentative of the Italian Embassy hav
ing separately Investigated the occurrence
with discrepant results, particularly as
to the alleged citizenship of the victims.
and it not appearing
that the State had been
able to discover and
punish the violators of
the law, an independent
investigation has been
set on foot through the
agency of the Depart
ment of State and 1*
still In progress. The
result will enable the
executive to treat the
question with the Gov
ernment of Italy In a
spirit of fairness and
Justice. A satisfactory
solution will doubtless
be reached.
The recurrence of
distressing mani-
festationa of blind* mob fury directed
at dependents or natives of a foreign
country suggests that the contingency
has arisen for action by Congress In the
direction of conferring upon the Federal
courts Jurisdiction In this class of inter
national cases, where the responsibility
of the Federal Government may be in
volved. The suggestion is not new. In
his annual message of December P. 1891,
my predecessor, President Harrison,
said: ..
"It would be. I believe, entirely com
petent for Congress to make offenses
against the treaty rights of. • foreigners
domiciled in the United States cogniz
able in the Federal courts. This has not,
however, been done and the Federal oin
cers and courts have no power in such
cases to intervene either for the protec
tion of a foreign citizen or for the pun
ishment of his slayers. It seems to me
to follow, in this state of the law, that
the officers of the State charged with
police and judicial powers in such cases
must, in consideration of international
questions growing out of such incidents,
be regarded in such sense as Federal
agents as to make this Government an
swerable for their acts In cases where
It would be answerable if the United
States had used its constitutional power
to define and punish crimes against
treaty- rights." :.- •; '.>■:.'■'■'> .
A bill to provide for the punishment of
violations of treaty rights of aliens was
introduced In the Senate March 1. 1 C 32,
and reported favorably March 20. Hav
ing, doubtless, j^n. view, pt .the language of
that part of article 3 of the treaty of Feb
ruary 26, 1871, between the I'nited States
and Italy, wherein it is stipulated that the
"citizens of each of the high contracting
parties shall receive, in the States and/
Territories of the other, most constant
protection and security for their persons
and property and shall enjoy in this re
spect the same rights and privileges as
are or shall be granted to the natives on
their submitting themselves to the con
ditions imposed upon the natives," the
bill so Introduced and reported provides
that any act committed in any State or
Territory of the United States in viola
tion of the rights of a citizen or subject
of a foreign country secured to such
citizen or subject by treaty between the
L'nited States and such foreign country
and constituting a crime under the laws
of the State or Territory ■hall constitute
a like crime against the United States
and be cognizable in ihe Federal courts.
No action was taken by Congress In the
matter.
I earnestly recommend that the subject
be taken up anew and be acted upon dur
ing the present session. The necessity
for some such provision abundantly ap
pears. Precedent for constituting a Fed
eral Jurisdiction in criminal cases where
aliens are sufferers is rationally deducihle
from the existing statute, which gives to
the District and circuit Courts of the
United States jurisdiction of civil suits
brought by aliens where the amount In
volved exceeds a certain sum. If suA
Jealous solicitude be shown for alien
rights In cases of merely civil and pecun
iary import, how much greater should be
the public duty to take cognizance of
matters affecting the life and the rights
of aliens under the settled principles of
international law no less than under
treaty stipulation. In cases of such trans
cendent wrong doing as mob murder, es-
peclally when experience has shown that
local Justice is too often helpless to pun
ish the offenders. After many years of
endeavor on the part of this Government
to that end. the Italian Government ha 3
consented to enter into negotiations for
a naturalization convention, having for
one. of Its objects the regulation of the
status of Italians (except those of an age
fqr active military service) who. having
been naturalized in the United Statea,
TiKiy revisit Italy. It is hoped that, with
the mutually conciliatory spirit display
ed, a successful conclusion will be
reached.
JAPAN.
The treaty of commerce and navigation
between the United States and Japan on
November 22. DM, took effecc In accord.
nnce with the terms of Us nineteenth
article on the 17th of July last, simultan
eously with the enforcement of like
treaties with tho other powers, except
Franc, whose convention, did not go Into
operation until August 4, tho United
States, however, being granted up
to that date all the privileges
and rights aocor.leii to French citizens
under the old French treaty. By this
iminhle conventional reform Japan's po-
Fiflon as a full ln<l. -pendent sovereign
power Is assured, control being gained of
taxation, customs revenues, judicial ad
ministration, coasting trade and all other
domestic functions of Government, and
•reign extraterritorial rights being re
nounced.
Comprehensive codes of civil and crim
inal procedure according to western
methods, public Instruction, patents and
copyrights, municipal administration, in
cluding Jurisdiction over the former for
eign settlements, customs tariffs and pro
cedure, public health and other admin-
istratlve measures have been proclaimed.
The working of the new system has given
rise to no material complaints on the
part of American citizens nr interests, a
circumstance which attests the ripe con
■Jderatloa with which the change has
bean prepared.
Valuable assistance was rendered by
the Japanese authorities to the United
States transport ship Morgan City, while
stranded at Kobe. Permission has been
Kranted to land and pasture army horses
;<t Japanese ports <>f call on the way to
the Philippine Islands. The.se kindly
evldenoe* of goodwill are highly appre
ciated.
PACIFIC COBLE.
Recommendation That Postmaster Gen
eral Be Authorized to Invite Bids
Should Congress Take NoActioa
The Japanese Government has shown a
lively interest in the proposition of the
Pacific cable to add to its projected cabU
linos to Hawaii, Guam and the Philip
pines a branch connection with the coast
of Japan. It would be a gratifying con
summation were the utility of the con
templated schema enhanced by bringing
Japan and the United State* Into direct
t< legraphlc relation.
Without repeating the observations of
my special message of February 10, 1899,
concerning the necessity of a cable to
Manila, 1 respectfully Invite attention to
it.
I recommend that in case Congress
should not take measures to bring about
this result by direct action of the Gov
ernment, the Postmaster Geneaal be au
thorized to invite competitive bids for the
establishment of a cable; the company
making the best responsible bid to be
awarded the contract, the successful
company to give ample bonds to insure
the completion of the work within a rea
sonable time.
MEXICO.
The year has been marked by constant
Increase In the intimacy of our relations
with Mexico and in the magnitude of
mutually advantageous Interchanges.
This Government has omitted no oppor
tunity to show ita strong desire to de
velop and perpetuate the ties of cordial
ity now ho long happily unbroken.
Following the termination on January
20. 1899, by Mexico of the extradition
treaty of December 11, IR9I, a new treaty
more in accord nee with the ascertained
needs of both OOtmUISS was signed Feb
ruary 22, 1X99. and sxehangsd In the city
of Mexico on tlie 22d of April last. Its
operation thus far has been effective and
satisfactory. A recent case has served to
test the application of its fourth article,
which provides that neither party shall
b« bound to deliver up Its own dtlxens.
vm 1 the execut ' v e authority of each
shall have the power to deliver them up
if in its discretion it be deemed proper
to do so.
The extradition of Mrs. Mattie Rich, a
citizen of the United States, charged with
homicide committed in Mexico, was. after
mature consideration, directed by me in
the conviction that the ends of Justice
would be thereby subserved. Similar ac
tion on appropriate occasion, by the
Mexican executive, will not only tend to
accomplish the desire of both Govern
ments that grave crimes go not unpun
lfllMd, but also to repress lawlessness
along the border of the two countries.
The new treaty stipulates that neither
Government shall assume Jurisdiction in
the punishment of crimes committed ex
clusively within the territory of the other.
This will obviate in future the embar
rassing controversies which have here
tofore arisen through MexlcfTs assertion
of a claim to try and punish an Ameri
can citizen for an offense committed
within the Jurisdiction of the United
States.
■"he international water boundary com
mission, organized by the convention of
March 1, W>9, for the adjustment of ques
tions affecting the Rio Grande frontier,
has not yet completed Its labors. An ex
tension of its term for one year until De
comber 24, IWJ9, was effected by a conven
tion, signed December 2, 1898, and ex
rhanged and proclaimed in February
last.
An invitation extended to the President
of Mexico to visit Chicago in October, on
the occasion of laving the cornerstone of
the T'nlted States Government building
in that city, was cordially accepted by
him with the necessary consent of the
Mexican Congress, but the illness of a
member of his family prevented his at
tendance. The Minister of Foreign Rela
tions, however, c.ime as the personal
representative of President Diaz and in
that high character was duly honored.
RUSSIA.
Claims growing out of the seizure of 1
American sealing vessels in Bering Sea
have been under discussion with the :
Government of Russia for several years ,
with the recent happy result of an agree
ment to submit them to the decision of '
a single arbitrator. By this act Russia \
affords proof of her adherence to the
beneficent principle of arbitration which
h.-r plenipotentiaries conspicuously favor- '
ed at The Hague disarmament confer- !
ence, when it was advocated by the rep
resentatives of the United States.
A suggestion for a permanent exposl- '
tion of our products and manufactures \
in Russia, although not yet fully shaped. '
has been so cordially welcomed by the
imperial Government that it may not in
aptly take a fitting place in whatever
legislation the Congress may adopt look-
Ing to enlargement of our commercial
opportunities abroad. <
Important events have occurred in the i
Samoan Islands.- The
selection, according to
the laws and customs
of Samoa, r.f a succes
sor to the late King
Mailetoa Laupepa. de
veloped a contest as to
the validity of the re
sult, which issue by the
terms of the general
act was to he decided
by the Chief Justice.
Upon his rendering a
Judgment in favor of
Mailetoa Tanu, the rival
chief. Mataafa. took up
arms. The active inter
vention of American
and British warships
became Imperative to
restore order at the cost of sanguln- <
ary encounters. In this emergency a i
Joint COmmlMlon of representatives of <
the United States, Germany and Great 1
Britain, was s«nt to Samoa to investigate ]
the situation and provide a temporary 1
remedy. By its active efforts a peaceful '
solution was reached for the time being, ]
the kingship being abolished and a pro- i
visional Government established. Rec- i
omniendatlons unanimousely made by ;
the commission for a permanent adjust- i
ment of the Samoan question were taken
under consideration by the three powers, i
parties to tho general act. But the more
they were examined the more evident It
became that a radical change wu necea- |
Fary In the relations of the powers to
Samoa.
SAMOA.
Action of the Three Powers Reviewed
and the Agreement Recently Entered
Into Submitted to the Senate
%-i o • O: O «0 i- O <$ O ♦ O <t'O<J>O<j-O'S-O>j #
The inconveniences and possible perils
of the tripartite scheme of supervision
and control in the Saraoan group by pow
ers having little interest in common in ;
that quarter beyond commercial rivalry
has been once more emphasized by the
recent events. The suggested remedy of
the Joint commission, like the scheme it
aimed to replace, amounted to what has ' ;
been styled a trl-domlnlum, bring the ex- •
ercise of the functions of sovereignty by (
an unanimous agreement of three powers. ,
The situation had become part more in- ,
trlcate and embarrassing from every •
point of view than it was when my pre- I
decessor in 1*94 summed up its perplext- '
ties and condemned the participation in '
it of the United States. ,
The arrangement under which Samoa •
was administered had proved lmpracti- i
cable and unacceptable to all the powers '
concerned. To withdraw from the agree- '
ment and abandon the Islands to Ocr-
many and Great Brit
ain would not be com
patible with our Inter
ests In the archipelago.
To relinquish our rights
In the harbor of Pago-
Pago, the best anchor
age In the Pacific, the
occupancy of which had
been leased to the
United States In 1878
by the first foreign
treaty e*er concluded
by Samoa, was not to
be thought of. either as
regards the needs of our
navy or the Interest of
our growing commerce
with the East. We
could not have consld-
ered any proposition for the abrogation
of the tripartite control which did not
(onfirm us In all our rights and safe
guard all our national interests In the Is- ,
lands.
Our views commended themselves to .
the other powers. A satisfactory ar
rangement was concluded between the j
Governments of Germany and of Eng
land, by virtue of which England retired
from Samoa. In view of compensations ,
In other directions and both powers re- '
nounced in favor of the United States nil
their rights and claims over and in re
spect to that portion of the group lying
t-> the east of the one hundred and seven
ty-first degree of west longitude, em
bracing the islands of Tutlla, Ofoo, Olo
penga and Manua. I transmit to the
Senate for its constitutional action there
on, a convention, which besides the pro
visions above mentioned, also guarantees
us the same privileges and conditions in
respect to commerce anil commercial ves
sels in all the islands of Samoa as
those possessed by Germany.
Claims have been preferred by whit©
residents of Samoa on account of inju
ries alleged to have been Buffered through
the acts of the treaty Governments in
putting down the late disturbances. A
convention has hem made between the
three powers for the investigation nnd
settlem**nt of these claims by a neutral
arbitratory, to which the attention of the
Senate will be Invited.
TURKEY.
The United States Minister to Turkey
continues, under instructions, to press for
a money payment in satisfaction of the
just claims for injuries suffered by Amer
ican citizens in the disorders of several
years past and for wrongs done to them
by the Ottoman authorities. Some of
these claims are of many years' stand
ing. This Government Is hopeful of a
general agreement in this regard.
In the. Turkish Empire the situation of
our citizens remains unsatisfactory. Our
efforts during nearly forty yeurs to bring
about a convention of naturalization
m ■ m to be on the brink of final failure
through the announced policy of th- ot
toman Porte to refuse recognition of the
alien status of native Turkish subjects
naturalized abroad since 1867. Our stat
utes do not allow this Government to ad
mit any distinction between the treat
ment of native and naturalized Americans
abcoad, so that ceaseless controversy
urlses In cans where persons owing in
the eye of international law a dual alle
giance are prevented from entering Tur
i. y or are expelled after entrance
law In this regard contrasts with that .f
the European States. The Brlti.-i
fwr Instance, does not claim effect for the
naturalization of an alien In the event of
a return to his native country, unless the
change be recognized by the law of that
country or stipulated by treaty between It
and the naturalizing State.
The arbitrary treatment In some In
stances of American productions in Tur
key has attracted attention of late, nota
bly In regard to our flour. Large ship-
ments dv tne recently
opened direct steamship
line to Turkish ports
have been denied en
trance on the score
that, although of stand
ard composition and
unquestioned purity, the
flour was pernicious to
health because of de
ficient "elasticity," as
Indicated by antiquated
and untrustworthy
tests. Upon due protest
by the American Min
ister, and it appearing
that the act was a vir
tual dlscrim ination
apainst our product, the
shipments In question
were admitted. In these, as In all
Instances, wherever occurring, when
American products may be rabjectad in
a foreign country upon specious pretexts
to discrimination compared with the l:k
products of anoth«*r country, this Gov
ernment will use Its earnest efforts to se
cure fair and equal treatment for Its cltl-
Eens and their goods. Failing thin, it will
not hesitate to apply whatever corrective i
may be provided by the statutes.
SPAIN.
Following the exchange of ratifications
of the treaty of peace, the two Govern
ments accredited Ministers to each other.
Spain sending to Wash
ington the Duke of Ar- '
cob. an eminent diplo- ,
matist, previously sta
tioned in Mexico, while
the United States trans
ferred to Madrid Hon.
Bellamy Btorrer, Its
Minister at Brussels.
This was followed by
the respective appoint
ment of Consuls, there
by fully resuming the
relations Interrupted by
the war.
In addition to its con
sular representation In
the United States, the
Spanish Government has
appointed Consuls for
Cuba, who hnve h»en provisionally recog
nlZ'-'i durinp the military administration
of the affairs of that Island. Judicial in
tercourse between the courts of Cuba and
Porto Rico and of Spain has been estab
lished, as pmvlded by the treaty of peace
The Cuban political prisoners In Spanish
penal stations have been and are being
released and returned to their homes. In
accordance with article IV of the treaty
Negotiations are about to be had for de
fining the conventional relations between
the two countries, which fell Into abey
ance by reason of the war. I trust that
those will Include a favorable arrange
ment for commercial reciprocity under
the terms of sections 3 and 4 of the cur-
rent tariff act. In
these, as In all matters
of international con
cern, no effort will be
spared to respond to
the good disposition of
Spain, and to cultivate
in all practicable ways
the intimacy which
should prevail between
two nations whose past
history has so often and
in so many ways been
marked by sincere
friendship and by com
munity of interests.
I would recommend
appropriate legislation
in order to carry Into
execution article VIII
of the treaty of peace with Spain, by
which the T'nlted States assured the pay
ment of certain claims for Indemnity of
its citizens against Spain.
CUBfl.
) All the Administrative Measures
| Adopted Have Alnrid to Fit Cuba
\ for a Regenerated Existence.
My annual message of last year was
necessarily devoted In
great part to a consid
eration of the Spanish
war and of the results
It wrought and the con
ditions It Imposed for
the future. I am grati
fied to announce that
the treaty of peace has
restored friendly rela
tions between the two
powers. Effect has been
given to Its most Impor
tant provisions. The
evacuation of Porto
Rico having already
been accomplished on
the 18th of October.
1898. nothing remained
necessary there but to
continue the provisional military control
of the Island until the Congress nhould
enact a suitable government for the
ceded territory. Of the character and
ficope of the measures to that end. F shall
treat In another part of this mpsaagt".
The withdrawal of lue authority of Spain
from the Island of Cuba was effected »>v
the first of January, so that the full ro
establlshment of found the re
linquished territory held by the I'nlteJ
States in trust for the inhabitants, main
taining under the erection of the execu
tive such Government and control there
in as should conserve public order, re
store the productive conditions of pence
so long disturbed by thn instability and
disorder which prevailed for the greater
part of the precndlng three decades and
build up that tranquil development of
the domestic state whereby alone can
be realized the high purposo. as pro
claimod in the Joint resolution adopted by
the Congress on the 19th of April. 1898. by
which the I'nlted States disclaimed any
disposition or Intention to exercise sov
ereignty, jurisdiction or control over
Tuba, except for the pacification thereof,
and asserted its determination when that
was accomplished to leave the govf-rn
ment and control of the Island to Its peo
ple. Th«» pltnlp" contained in this resolu
tion Is of the highest honorable obliga
tion and must !>»■ .«nrre<ily kept.
I believe that substantial progress has
been made in this direction. All the ad
ministrative measures adopted In Cuba
have aimed to nt It for a regenerated ex
istence by enforcing the supremacy of
law and Justice; by placing where It is
practicable the machinery of the admin
istrations In the hands of the Inhabitants;
by instituting needed sanitary reforms;
by spreading education; by fostering in
dustry and *radc: by inculcating public
morality and In short by taking every
rational step to ail the cuban people to
attain to that plane of self-conscious re
spect and self-reliant unity which fits an
enlightened community for self-govern
ment within its own sphere, while en
abling it to fulfill all outward obliga
tions.
This nation has assumed before the
world a grave responsibility for the fu
ture good government of Cuba. We have
accepted a trust the fulfillment of which
calls for the sternest integrity of pur
pose and the exercise of the highest wis
dom. The new Cuba yet to arise from
the ashes of the past must needs ba
bound to as by ties of singular Intimacy
and strength if its enduring welfare Is
to be assured. Whether those ties shall
be organic or conventional, the destinies
Of Cuba are In some rightful form and
manner Irrevocably linked with our own.
but how and how far Is for the future
to determine In the ripeness of events.
Whatever be the outcome we must see
to it that free Cuba bo a reality, not a
name, a perfect entity, not a hasty ex
periment bearing within itself the ele
ments of failure. Our mlssfon. to accom
plish which we took up the gage of bar
tie. Is not to be fulfilled by turning adrift
any loosely framed commonwealth to
the vicissitude*
which too often attend
States whose natural
wealth and abundant
resources are offset by
the incongruities of
their political organiza
tion and the securing of
occasions for Internal
rivalries to sap th*lr
strength and dissipate
their energies. The
greatest blessing which
can come to Cuba Is the
restoration of her agri
cultural and Industrial
prosperity, which will
give employment to Idle
men and re-establish
the pursuits of
This la her chief and Immediate need.
On the 19th of August last, an order
was made for th© taking of the census
In the Island, to be completed on the 30th
of November.
Under the terns of the treaty of peace
the Spanish people on the Island
have until April 11. 1900, to elect whether
they will remain citizens of Spain or be
come citizens of Cuba. Until then It can
not .bo definitely ascertained who shall
be entitled to participate In the formation
of the Government of Cuba. By that time
the results of the census shall have been
tabulated and we shall proceed with the
elections, which will complete the mu
nicipal governments of the Island to the
officers elected by the people. The expe
rience thus derived will prove of great
value in the formation of a representative
convention of the people to draft a con
stitution and establish a general system
of Independent government for the Island.
In the meantime and 00 long as we exer
cise control over the Island, the products'
of Cuba should have a market In the
United States on as good terms and with
as favorable rales of duty as are given
to the West India Islands under treaties
of reciprocity which shall be made.
For the relief of the distress In the Isl
and of Cuba the War Department has
issued supplies to destitute persons
through the officers of the army, which
have amounted to 6,433.000 rations at
cost of $1,417,564 87.
To promote the disarmament of the
Cuban volunteer army and In the inter
est of public peace and the welfare of the
people the sum of $75 was paid to each
Cuban soldier borne on the authenticated
rolls on condition that he should deposit
his arms with the authorities designated
by the United States. The sum thus dis
bursed aggregated $2,674,750. which wan
paid from the emergency fund provided
by the act of January 6, 183?. for that
purpose.
Of the Cuban Island revenues during
the nix months, ending June SO. MM.
$1,712,014 80 was expended for sanitation.
$298,881 70 for charities and hospitals and
$88,944 03 for aid to the destitute.
VENEZUELA.
The Intern atlonal
Commission of Arbitra
tion, appointed under
the Anglo-Venezuelan
treaty of l*« 7. rendered
an award on October S
last whereby the boun
dary line between Ven
ezuela and British Qul
ana Is determined, thus
ending a controversy
which has existed for
the greater part of the
century. The award, as
to which the arbitra
tors were unanimous,
while not meeting the
extreme contention of either party,
gives to . Great Britain a large
share of the Interior territory In dispute
and to Venezuela th..- entire mouth of the
Orinoco, Including Barlmo Point, and the
Caribbean littoral for love distance to
the eastward.
The decision appears to be equally sat
isfactory to both parties. Venezuela has
once more undergone a revolution. The
Insurgents under General Castro, after a
sanguinary engagement In which they
suffered much los«. rallied In the moun
talndrm Interior and advanced toward the
capital. .The bulk of the army having
sldod with the movement. President An
drade quitted Caracas, where General
Castro set up a provisional government
with which our Ministers and the repre
sentatives of the other powers entered
Into diplomatic relations on the 20th of
November, 189*.
TREATIES.
fhe President Announces That He Has
Brought All Pending Negotiations
to a Conclusion.
The fourth section of the tariff act ap
proved July 4, 18&T, appear) to provide
only for commercial treaties which should
be entered Into by the President and Also
ratified by the Senate within two yeara
from Its passage. Owing to delays In
evitable In negotiations <rf this nature,
none of the treaties initiated under that
soctlon could bo concluded In time for
44 Saying and Doing
Are Two Things/*
h is not tvhat tue sAy but <what Hood's
SarsApArillA does that tells the story of its
merit. Its grea t record of cures of all forms
of blood diseases, including scrofula, rheu-
matism, dyspepsia, catarrh, prove its
power to cure you also. You may be
sure Hood's SarsaparUla 'Kuiß do you good.
The Blood - "A grand blood purifier
is Hood's Sarsaparilla. This and Hood's
Pills ha t oe greatly benefited me." 94rs.
F. G. Smith. Clebume, Tex.
Impure Blood — " / am pleased to
recommend Hood's Sarsapanlla as a
tonic and blood medicine." SMiss Nellie
Hilenbrant, Rochester. N. Y.AID OUR MERCHANT MARINE, BUILD NICARAGUA CANAL, LAY PACIFIC CABLE
ratlflcation by the Senate prior to its ad
journment on the 4th of March last. Some
of the pending negotiation*, however.
wees n«»ar conclusion at that time, and
the resulting conventions have since been
signal by the plenipotentiaries. Other*,
within both the third and fourth sections
Of the act are still under consideration.
Acting under the constitutional power -of
the executive in respect to treaties. I
have deemed It my uuty while observing
the limitations of concession provided by
the fourth section to bring to a conclu
sion all pending negotiations and submit
them to the Senate for lta advice ami
consent.
Conventions of reciprocity have been
rlirned during the Congressional recess
with Great Britain for the respective colo
nies of British Guiana. Barbadoes. Ber
muda. Jamaica and Turks and Calcos
islands, and with the republic of Nica
ragua.
Important reciprocal conventions have
also l>»-en concluded with France and with
th<» Argentine Republic.
In my last onnuul message the progress
noted in the work of the diplomatic con
sular officers In collecting information
as to the commerce and Industrie* of
other countries and In the care and
promptitude with which the report* are
printed and distributed has continued
during the past year, with Increasingly
valuable results In suggesting new source
of demand for American products and In
pointing out the obstacles still to be over
come In facilitating the remarkable ex-
pension of cur foreign
trade. It will doubtless
be gratifying to Con
frrees to learn that the
various agencies of the
Department of State
are co-operating In
thes« endeavors with
teal and effectiveness
tchlch are not only re
ceiving the cordial rec
ognition of our business
Interests but are receiv
ing th<« emulation of
other governments. In
any arrangement of the
great and complicated
work of obtaining offi
cial data of an economic
character which Con-
art— may undertake It Is most
Important, In my Judgment, that tho re
sults already secured by the efforts of the
Department of State should be carefully
considered, with a view to a Judicious de
velopment fend Increasing utility to our
export trade.
AMERICAN REPUBLICS.
Th» interest taken by the various
Etate* forming the international union of
American republics •. the work of Its or
panlc bureau Is evidenced by the fact that
1«r the first ••:■■• I bos Its creation in ISM
Bit tl.e republics of South and Central
America are now reprot»enu-£ in it.
The unanimous recommendation of the
International American Conference pro
■v i . : : : i « fur the International union of
American republics stated It should con
ti: ue in force during a term of ten years
from Urn date of Its organization, and no
country btcomir.g a member of the union
*:. aid cease to be a member until the end
of said j>«rio<l of ten years, and unless
ttv. !■.<■ months before the expiration of
Bald p'-rlod a majority of the members of
the union had given to the Secretary of
St;.v- of th« Unlt«Ml States official notice
of their wish to terminate the union at
the end of its first period that the union
Bbould continue to be maintained for an
«t! cr itf-rlod of ten years and thereafter
under the tame conditions for successive
!•• ■; di of ten years each.
Tho period for notification expires on
J' ■ i 4. l w :''.>. without any of tho members
! ling given the necessary notice of wlth
diawal.
Its nrilntenance Is therefore assured for
th« i)«'\t t«:n years. In viow of this fact
r: >t 'if tlie numerous questions of general
interest and common benefit to all of the
representatives of America, some of
n~hich u«-re considered by the first inter
r.r.iiial conference but finally set
tW>\. nr.d others of which have since then
p J«'n to Importance. It would seem ex
pedient that the various republics const I
tuting the t'nlon should b« invited to hold
et an early date another conferenco In
the capital of one of the countries other
tlinn th<> I'nJted States, which baa al-
rrady enjoyed this
hon«.r.
The purely Interna
tional character of the
work belr.ir done by the
bureau and the appre
ciation of its value are
further emphasized by
the actlvo co-operation
which the various Gov
ernments of the Latin-
Amerlc.in republics and
their diplomatic repre
sentatives In thin cap
ital are now exhibiting
and the zealous endeav
ors they are making to
extend Us field of use
fulness, to promote
throueh Its commercial
Jnteroouree, and strengthen the bonds and
amity and confidence between Its various
members and the nations of this contl
cent.
EXPOSITIONS.
The act to encourage the holding of the
Philippine-American exposition on the
Niagara frontier, within the county of
ZZrie and Niagara, in the State of Now
York, In th*e year ISQI, was approved on
March X. ISS9.
Tnls exposition, which will be held In
the city of Buffalo, in the near vicinity of
the great Niagara cataract and v.ithin
a day's Journey of which reside 40,003.000
cf our people, will be confined entirely to
the Western hemisphere, Satlslactory as
surances ):ave already been given by
the diplomatic representatives of Great
Uritaiii. the Mexican and the Central and
Bouth American republics and most of the
States of the United States that th»lr
countries and States will make a unique
interesting and instructive exhibit, pecu
liarly illustrative of their material prog
r>-ss'durins the century which Is about to
do?e.
Th» lav provides an appropriation of
$500 .W0 for the purpose of miking an ox
hSMt at the exposition by the*tSovernment
of the United State* from Its Executive
Department and tho Smithsonian Institu
tion a.rd ItK national museum, tho United
Btatea Commit on of Fish and Flsheri?».
th<» iJcpartnv-m of Labor and Bureau of
American Republics. To secure a com
p!nt« and harmonious arrangement of this
Government exhibit a board of mana^e-
OJ'-nt has already been ■ ■■>:•• 'i and
charged with the selection. purchaHO.
preparation, transportation, arrangement
and saf« ke<*plm: of the articles a.id
materials to be exhibited. This board l.an
been organized and hns already entered
on the jxrformar.ee of Its duties, as pio
vidf-fl for by the law. 1 have every rea
•on to hope and believe that this exposi
tion will t<nd more firmly to cement the
rordlal r»-latir>r.s between the nations on
th'.s continent.
In accordance with an act of Congress,
c; froved IVrember SI. IW, and under the
RUFjiircs of the Philadelphia Commercial
Murcum, a most interesting and valuable
exposition of products and manufactures.
end fFjiorlally adnpted to export trade.
«■»• l.'M in Thiladrlphia from September
1* to December 1. 1693. The rcpresenta
llvo character of the exhibits and the
widespread imprest manlf«*fited In th«
■pedal objects of the undertaking afford
renewed * ncouragement to those who look
confidently to the steady growth of our
enlariv-a exportation of manufactured
cords, whlrh has been the most remark
hljU- factor m the economic fact in the
devHoptnont O f the United States In re
rr" t > var)< - A feature of this exposition
a i ll * p ly to become of permanent
»jnd lr.crrfis-.nK tulllty to our Industries is
the collrction of samples of merchandise
proflurra Jn various countries, with spe
,J< TfiOrfnro to particular markets, pro
rliine practical object lessons to United
States manufacturers as to qualities,
styles and prices of goods such as meet
the special demand of consumers and may
be exported with advantage.
In connection with the exposition an
International Commercial Congress was
h«ld. on the invitation of the Philadelphia
Commercial Museum, transmitted by the
Department of State to the various for
eign Governments for an exchange of In
formation and opinions, with a view to
the promotion of International trade. This
Invitation met with general and cordial
acceptance, and the congress, which be
gan Its sessions at th« exposition on Oc
tober 13. proved to be of great financial
importance from th« fact that it devel
oped a general recognition of the inter
dependence of nations in trade, and a
mopt gratifying spirit of accommodation
with reference to ''.•• gradual removal of
existing bnpedla • r.i - to reciprocal reta
tloiis. without Injury to the industrial in
terests of either party.
CZAR'S CONFERENCE.
In response to the invitation of bis
Majesty the Emperor of Russia, dele
gates from twonty-slx countries were as
sembled at The Hague on the ISth of May
as members of a conference in the in
terest of peace. The commission from
the United States consisted of the Hon.
Andrew White, the Hon. Seth Low, the
Hon. Stanford Newell, Captain Alford T.
Mahan of the United Stales navy. Cap
tain William T. Crozier of the United
Mates army and the
Hon. Frederick W.
Holls, secretary. The
occasion seemed to be
opportune for the seri
ous consideration of a
plan for the pacific ad
justment of Interna
tional differences, a
subject in which the
American people have
been deeply interested
for many years, and a
definite project for a
permanent international
tribunal was Included in
the Instruction to the
delegates to the United
States.
The final act of the
-enc© Includes conventions upon
UMttOfmtSon of the laws and
customs of war on land, the ad
tlr>n to maritime warfare of the
principles tit the (Joneva convention of
>nd the extension of Judicial ineth-
O'lsMo International rssrs The conven
tion for the pacific settlement of Inter
national conflicts embodies the leading
' the American plan, with such
nioiii: i were rendered nee
by the great a ' views and In
terests represented by the nelesHtea. The
Mventlon provide f->r
maintenance of general peace, th" ezer
( good offices and mediation, fl a
formation of commissions of Inquiry nrd
Intomatlonal arb ltra
tion.
The mediation provid
rd for by tho convention
Is purely voluntary and
advisory and is intend
»-d to avoid any inva
sion of limitation of
the sovereign rights of
the adhering States.
The commissions on the
Inquiry proposed con
sist of delegations to be.
specifically constituted
for particular purposes
by means of conven
tions, but the contest-
Ing parties having for
their object the clear
understanding of lnter-
national differences before resorting to
the use of force.
The provision for arbitration con
templates th*- formation of a permanent
tribunal before which disputed cases may
be brought for settlement by the mutual
consent of the litigants in each separate
case. The advantages of such a perma
nent tribunal over impromptu commis
sions of arbitration are conceived to be
the actual existence of a competent court
prepared to administer Justice, the greater
economic resulting from a well devised
system and the accumulated Judicial skill
and experience which such a tribunal
would soon possess. While earnestly pro
moting the idea of establishing ■ perma
nent International trt-
bunal the delegation
»f the United Stat.-;
r.is not unmindful of
lnconvon i c n c r- s
which might ari"=e
from an obtrusive «'\«-r
clse of mediation, and in
dgnlng the convention
sarefully guarded the
historic position of the
I'ntted Btates by tt><»
f«'llfjwing
"Nothing contained in
this convention shall be
*o construed as to re
quire the United Stat.-s
Df America to
from Its traditional r»ol-
Iry of not Intruding
upon. Interfering with or entangling It
self in the political questions of policy or
Internal administration of any foreign
state; nor shall anything contained in the
said convention be construed to Imply a
rellr.quishment by the United States of
America of its tradltolnal attitude toward
purely American questions." 1
Thus Interpreted, the convention for
the pacific settlement of International
conflicts may be regarded as realizing tho
earnest desire <>f groat numbers of Amer
ican citizens whose deep sense of Justice,
expressed in numerous resolutions and
memorials, has urged them to labor for
this noble achievement. The general
character of this convention, already
signed by the delegates of more thar
twenty sovereign States,
further commends it to
the favorable action of
the Senate of the
United States, whoso
ra 1 1 flcatlon It still
awaits.
THE NAVY.
The navy has main
tained the spirit and
high efficiency which
have always character
ized that service, and
has lost none of the
gallantry In heroic ac
tion which has signal
ized Its brilliant and
glorious past. The na-
tlon hns equal pride In its early
and later achievements. Its habitual
readiness for every emergency has won
the confidence and admiration of the
country- The people are interested In the
continued preparation and prestige of the
navy and will Justify liberal appropria
tions for its maintenance and improve
ment. The officers have shown peculiar
adaptation for the performance of new
and delicate duties which our recent war
has Imposed.
It cannot be doubted that Congress will
at once make necessary provision for ar
mor elates for the vessels now under
contract and building. It* attention Is
respectfully called to the report of the
Secretory of the Navy, in which the sub
ject Is fully presented. I unite in his
recommendation that Congress enact such
legislation as may »•• necessary to enable
tho department to make contracts early
In the coming year for armor of the best
quality that can bo obtained In this coun
try for the Maine. Ohio and Missouri, and
that the provision of the act of March 3.
1599. limiting the price of armor to 5300
per ton. be removed.
In the matter of naval construction It Is
said Italy and Japan of the great power*
laid down less tonnage in th.- year UN
than this country, and Italy alone has
less tonnage under construction. I heart
ily concur in the recommendations for
the Increase of the navy as suggested by
the Secretary. Our future progress and
prosperity depend upon our ability to
equal if not surpass other nations In the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1899.
enlargement and advance of science. In
dustry and commerce. To Invention we
must turn as one of the most powerful
aids to the accomplishment of such a re
sult. The attention of Congress Is direct
ed to the report of the Commissioner of
Patents, In which will be valuable sugges
tions and recommendations.
THE ARMY.
'res'dent Commends Conduct of Offi
cers and Men In Trying Situations
and Unusual Difficulties.
Since my last annual message and In
obedience to the acts of Congress of
April 22 and 26. ISI*B, the remaining volun
teer rnrce enlisted for the Spanish war.
consisting of 34.534 regulars and 110,202
volunteers, with over 5000 volunteer offi
cers, has been discharged from the mili
tary service. Of the volunteers 667 offi
cers and 14.531 men were serving In the
Philippines, and 1660 of the regulars, who
were entitled to bo mustered out after
the ratincatlon of the treaty of peace,
voluntarily remained at the front
until their places could bo filled by new
troops. They were returned home in the
order in which they went to Manila and
are now all of them out of the service
and in the ranks of citizenship. I rec
ommend that Congress provide a special
medal of honor for the volunteers, regu
lars, sailors and marines on duty in the
Philippines, who voluntarily remained in
the service after their terms of enlistment
had expired.
By the act of March 2. 1599. Congress
has authority to Increase the regular
army to a maximum not exceeding 65,000
enlisted men, and to enlist a force of 35,
000 volunteers, to be recruited from the
country at large. By virtue of this au
thority the regular army has been In
creased to the number of 61,9?Wnlisted
men and 2248 officers, and new volunteer
regiments have been organized aggregat
ing 33.050 enlisted men and 1&24 officers.
Two of these volunteer regiments are
made up of colored men, with colored line
officers. The new troops to tnke the
places of those returning from the Phil
ippines have been transported to Manila
to the number of SSI officers and 28,322 en
listed men of the regular army and &94
officers and 15.SSS enlisted men of the new
volunteer force, while 504 officers and 14,
119 men of the volunteer force are on the
ocean en route to Manila.
The force now In Manila consists of 903
officers and 19,501 regulars and 594 officers
and 15.35S of the volunteers, making on
aggregate of 14i«* officers and 45.9G6 men.
■When the troops now under orders "hill
r»>ach Manila, the force In the archipelago
will comprise 2051 officers and 63.453 men
The muster out of the great volunteer
army organized for the
Spanish war and the
creation of a new
army, the transporta
tion to Manila to San
Francisco of those en
titled to discharge and
the transportation of
the new troops to take
their places have been
a work of great magni
tude, well and ably
done, for which too
much credit cannot be
given the War Depart
ment.
During the year we
have reduced our force
in Cuba and Porto Rico.
In Cuba we now have
334 officers and 10.796 enlisted men;
In Porto Illco 87 officers and UK
enlisted men. and a battalion of 400
men composed of native Porto Hlcans;
■while stationed throughout the United
Ktates are 910 officers and 17.317 men, and
In Hawaii 1? officers and M enlisted nun.
The operations of the army are fully
presented In the report of the Secretary
of War. I cannot withhold from officers
and men the highest commendation for
their soldierly conduct in trying situa
tions, their willing sacrifices for their
country and the interest mid ability with
which they have performed unusual and
difficult duties In our island possessions.
In the organization of the volunteer
regiments authorized by the act of March
2. 1599, it was found that no provision had
been made for chaplains. This omission
was doubtless* from Inadvertence, I rec
ommend the early authorization for the
appointment of one chaplain for each of
said regiments. These regiments are now
In the Philippines and it Is important that
immediate action bo had.
POSTAL SERVICE.
In restoring peaceful conditions, order
ly rule and civic progress In Cuba, Porto
Rico. and. so far as practicable. In the
Philippines, the rehabilitation of the pos
tal service has been an important part
of the work. It became necessary to pro
vide mail facilities both for our forces of
occupation and for the native population.
To meet this requirement has involved a
substantial reconstruction. The existing
systems were so fragmentary, defective
and Inadequate that a new and compre
hensive organization had to be created.
American trained officials have been as
signed to the directing and executive posi
tions, while the natives have been chiefly
employed In making up the body of the
force. In working out this plan the merit
rule has been rigorously and faithfully
applied.
The appointment of Director General of
Posts of Cuba was given to an expert
who has been Chief Postofllce Inspector
and Assistant Postmaster General, and
who united large experience with capaci
ty. For the post mastership of Havana
the range of skilled and
available men was
scanned, nnd the choice
fell on one who hail
been twenty years |q
the service as deputy
postmaster and post
master of a large city.
This princtple governed
and determined the se
lection of the American
officials sent, not only
to Cuba but to Porto
Rico and the Philip
pines, and they w.-n- in
structed to apply It as
far as practicable In the
employment of the na
'lvep as minor post
musters and clerks
The postal system in Cuba, though re
maining under the general guidance of
the Postmaster General, was made essen
tially independent. It was felt that it
should not be a burden on the postal serv
ice of the United States, and provision
was made that any deficit In the postal
revenue should be a charge upon the
general revenue of the island. Though
Porto Rico and the Philippines held a dif
ferent relation to the United States, yet
for convenience of administration, the
same principle of an autonomous system
has been extended to them. Development
of the servico in all of the islands has
been rapid and successful. It has moved
forward on American lines, with free de
livery, money order and registry system
and has given the people mail facilities
far greater and more reliable than they
have ever before enjoyed. It Is thus not
only a vital agency of Industrial, social
and business progress, but an Important
Influence in diffusing a Just understanding
of the true spirit and character of Ameri
can administration.
The domestic postal service continues to
grow with extraordinary rapidity The
expenditures and the revenues will exceed
1100,000,000 during the current year. For
tunately, since the revival of prosperous
times the revenues have grown much
faster than the expenditures, and there Is
every indication that a short period will
witness obliteration of the annual deficit
In this connection the report of the Post
master General embodies a statement of
some evils which have grown up outside
of the contemplation of law In the treat
ment of some classes of mall matter
which wrongly exercise the privilege of
the pound rate, and shows that if this
matter had been properly classified and
had paid the rate which it should have
paid, instead of a postal deficit last BscsJ
year of $6,610,000, there would have been
on one basis a surplus of $17,637,570, and on
another $3,733,836. The reform thus sug
gested. In the opinion of the Postmaster
General, would not only put the postal
service at once on a self-sustaining basis,
but would permit great and valuable Im
provements, and I commend the subject
to the consideration of Congress.
PENSIONS.
On the 30th of June, 1899, the pension roll
of the United States numbered 991.519.
These include the pensioners of the army
and navy in all our wars. The number
added to the rolls during the year was
40,991. The number dropped by reason of
death, remarriage, minors by legal lim
itations, failure to claim within three
years and other causes was 43,183. and tho
number of claims disallowed was 107.917.
During the year 89.0G4 pension certificates
were Issued, of which 37.077 were for new
or original pensions. The amount dis
bursed for army and navy pensions dur
ing the year was $135,353,002 95, which was
$1,651,461 61 less than the. sum of the ap
propriations. Thf OJrand Army of the Re
public at its recent national encampment
held In Philadelphia has brought to my at
tention and to that of Congress the wia-
dom and justice of a modification of the
third section of the act of June 27. 189"),
which provides pensions for the widows
of officers and enlisted men who served
ninety days or more during the war of
the rebellion and were honorably dis
charged, provided that such wM<>ws are
without other means of support than their
dally labor and wen married to the sol
dier, sailor or marine on account of whose
service they clam pension prior to the
date of the act.
The present holding of the department
is that if the widow's Income aside from
her daily labor does not exceed in
amount what her pension would be, to
wlt.. $96 per annum, she would be deem
ed to be without other means of support
than her dully labor and would be en
titled to a pension under this act. while
If the widow*! Income Independent of
the amount received by her as the result
of her daily labor, exceeds $9»">, she would
not be pensionable under the act. I am
advised by the Commissioner of Pensions
that the amount of the income allow-. l *
before title to pension would be barred
has varied widely under different admin
istrations of the Tension Office, as well
as during different periods of the same
administration and has been the cause of
just complaint and criticism. With the
approval of the Secretary of the Inte
rior, the Commissioner Of Pensions rec
ommends that. In order to make the prac
tice at all times uniform and to do jus
tice to the dependent widow, the amount
Of Income allowed independent of the
prooeedl of her daily labor should be not
less than 1250 per annum and he urges
that Congress shnll so amend the act as
to permit the Pension Office to grant
pensionable status to widows under the
term of the third section of the act of
June 87, IS9O. whose Income aside from
the proceed! of dally labor Is not in ex
cess of |SQ per annum. I believe this to
be a simple act of Justice and I heartily
recommend It.
DAWES COMMISSION.
Tho Dawes Commission reports that
gratifying progress has been made in its
work during the preceding year. The BeM
work of enrollment of four of the nations
has been completed. I recommend that
Congress at an early day make liberal
appropriation for educational purposes In
the Indian Territory.
THE CENSUS.
Certain That It Will Emphasize lha
Remarkable Advance of National
Progress.
In accordance with the act of Consjr>-.«"s
approved March 3, ]B'-9, the prel.mimry
work in connection with the twelfth •n
sus Is now fully under way. The officers
required for the proper administration of
the duties imposed have been selected.
The provision for securing a proper
enumeration of tho population, as well as
to secure evidence of the industrial
growth jf the nation, is broader and more
comprehensive than any similar legisla
tion In the past. The director advises that
• very needful effort Is being made to
push this gr«at work to completion <n the
time limited by the statute. It Is he
live.l that the twelfth census will em
phasize our remarkaMe advance ;n all
that pertains to national progress.
PACIFIC RAILROADS.
Under the authority of the act of Con
gress approved July 7, 189S, the commis
sion, consisting of the Secretary of the
Treasury, Attorney General and Secre
tary of the Interior, has made an agree
ment of settlement, which has had my
approval, of the Indebtedness to the Gov
ernment growing out of the issue of bonds
to aid in the construction of the Central
Pacific and Western Pacific railroads.
The agreement secures to the Govern
ment tho principal and interest of said
bonds, nmo-intlr.s to $T. 5,512.715 48. There
has been paid thereon J11.7C2.543 12. which
has been covered into the Treasury and
the remainder, payable within ten years,
with Interest at the rate of 3 per cent per
annum, payable seml-annually, Is secured
by the deposit of an equal amount of
first mortgage bonds of the Pacific rail
way companies.
The amounts paid and secured to be
paid to the Government on account of
the Pacific railway subsidy claims are:
Union Pacific, cash, $58.44;-. 223 75; Kansas
Pacific, cash, J6.933.000; Central and West
ern Pacific, cash. $11,798. 314 14.
Notes, secured. $47,050,172 36.
Kansas Pacific dividends for deficiency,
due United States, cash, $821,891 70, mak
ing a total of $124,421,017 91.
The whole Indebtedness was about $130,-
Ono.ooo, more than half of which consisted
of accrued interest, for which sum the
Government has realized the entire
amount, less about 16,000,000, within a
period of two years.
FOREST RESERVATIONS.
On June 30, IS9B, there were thirty forrst
reservations (exclusive of the Afognaic
forest and fish culture reserve In Alaska*,
embracing an estimated area of 40.719.174
acres. During the past year two of tlie
existing forest reserves, th*» Tr.i'>i ■•>
Canyon (California), and Black Hills
(South Dakota and Wyoming) have l>»en
considerably enlarged; the area of the
Mount Ranier reserve, In the State of
Washington, has been somewhat re
duced, and six additional reserves have
been established, namely, the San Fran
cisco Mountain (Arizona), the Black Mt.-a
(Arizona). Lake Tahoe (California), Oal
latin (Montana), Gila River (New
M.xico) and Fish Lake (Utah), the t<>tul
estimated area of which is 5,(KJ5,772 acres.
This makes at the present time a total o*
thirty-six forestry reservations, embrac
ing an estimated area of IMfljM .terra.
This estimated area is the aggregated
areas within the boundaries of the re
serves. The lands actually reserved are,
however, only the vacant public lands
therein, and these have been set aside
and reserved tor Bale or settlement in
order that they may be of she greatest
use to the people.
Protection of the national forests. In
augurated by the Department of the Jn
trior in 1897. has increased during the
past year, and much has been accom
plished in the way of preventing forest
fires and the protection of the tlmb<-r.
There are now largo tracts covered by
forests which will eventually be reserved
and set apart for forest uses. I'ntil thnt
can be done Congress should increase the
appropriations for the work of protecting
the forests.
AGRICULTURE.
The Department of Agriculture is con
stantly consulting the needs of producers
In all tho States and Territories. It is in
troducing seeds and plants of great value
and promoting fuller diversification of
crops. Grains, grasses, fruits, legumes
and vegetables are imported for all parts
of tho United States. I'ndcr this encour
agement tho boot sugar factory multiplies
In the North and far West, semi-tropical
plants are sent to the South, and conge
nial climates are sought for the choice
productions of the far East. The hy
bridizing of fruit trees and grains is con
ducted In tho search for varieties adapted
to existing conditions. The introduction
of tea gardens Into the Southern States
promises to provide employment for Idle
hands, as well as to supply to home mar
ket with tea. The subject of Irrigation
whore it is of vital importance to the
people Is being carefully studied, steps
are being taken to reclaim injured or
abandoned lands, and information for the
people along thoße lines is being printed
and distributed.
-Nf.irkets are being sought and opened
tip for surplus farm and factory products
in Europe and in Asia. The outlook for
the education of the young farmer
through agricultural college experiment
stations, with opportunity Bjtveii to
specialize in the Department of Agricul
ture, is very promising. The people of
Hawaii, Port© FUco and the Philippine
Ishimls have been helped by the estab
lishment of experiment stations to a more
scientific knowledge of the production of
COffee, India rubber and other tropical
products, for which there is demand in the
I'nited States.
There is widespread Interest in the lm
prorement of our public highways at the
present time, and the Department of Ag
riculture is co-operating with the people
in each locality in making the best pos
sible roads from the local material, and
in experimenting with steel tracks.
A more intt'lliir« nt system of managing
the forests of the country is being put
in operation, and a careful study of the
whole forestry problem is being conducted
throughout the T'nited States. A very ex
tensive and complete exhibit of the ag
ricultural and horticultural products of
the I'nited States Is being prepared for
the Paris Exposition.
j THE PHILIPPINES.
)
j No Promise of Independence to Aguln
) aldo — The Islands Are Ours and
> Cannot Be Abandoned.
On the 10th of December. 185S, the treaty
of peace between the United States and
Spain was signed. It provided, among
other things, that Spam should cede to
the United States the archipelago known
as the Philippine Islands; that the United
States should pay to Spain the sum of
$20,000,000, and that the civil rights and
political status of the native inhabitants
of the territories thus ceded to the United
States should be determined by Con
gress. The treaty was ratified by tho
Benate on the 6th of February, is? 9. and
by the Government of Spain on the 19th
of March following. The ratifications
were exchanged on the 11th of April and
the treaty publicly proclaimed. On the
2d of March Congress voted the nim
contemplated by the treaty, and the
amount was paid over to the Spanish
Government on the Ist of Mny.
In this manner the Philippines came to
the United States. The islands were ceded
by the Government of Spain, which had
been In undisputed possession of them
for centuries. They were accepted not
merely by our authorized commissioners
in Paris under the direction of the execu
tive, but by the constitutional and wpll
consldered action of the representative
of the people of the United States In both
houses of Congress. I had every reason
to believe, and I still believe, that this
transfer of sovereignty was in accordance
•with tho wishes and the aspirations of
the great mass of the Filipino people.
From the earliest moment no opportunity
was lost of assuring the people of the
islands of our ardent desire for their wel
fare and of the intention of this Govern
ment to do everything possible to advance
their interests. In my ordor of May 19,
IW, the commander of the military expe
dition dispatched to the Philippines was
Instructed to declare that we came not to
make war upon the people of the country,
"nor upon any part or faction among
them, but to protect them In their homes,
m their employments and in their per
sonal and rcliglou-, rights." That there
should be no doubt as to the paramount
authority there, on August 17 it was di
rected that "there must be no Joint occu
pation with the Insurgents"; that the
United States must preserve the peace
and protect persons and property within
the territory occupied by their military
and naval forces; that the Insurgents and
all others must recognize the military oc
cupation and authority of the United
States. As early as December 4, and be
fore the cession, and In anticipation of
that event, the commander in Manila was
urged to restore peace and tranquillity
and to undertake the establishment of a
beneficent government, which should af
ford the fullest security for life and prop
erty. On December 21. after the treaty
•was signed, the commander of the forces
of occupation was instructed "to an
nounce and proclaim in the most public
manner that we come, not as Invaders
and conquerors, but as friends to protect
the natives In their homes, in their em
ployments and In their personal and reli
gious rights."
The same day while ordering General
Otis to see that peace should be DTSSSfTSd
In Hollo, he was admonished that "It Is
most Important that there should be no
conflict with the insurgents." On the Ist
day of January. ly.O, your ge. «ral ofdsn
were reiterated that the kindly intentions
Of this Government should be in every
possible way communicated to the Insur
gents.
On the 21st of January I announced my
Intention of dispatching to Manila a com
mission composed of three gentlemen o f
the highest character and distinction,
thoroughly acquainted with the Orient,
who, in association with Admiral Dewey
and Major General Otis, were Instructed
to "facilitate the most humane and effect
ive extension of authority throughout the
Islands and to secure, with the least pos
sible delay, the benefits of a wise and
generous protection of life and property
to the Inhabitants."
These gentlemen were Dr. Jacob Gould
Schurman. president of the Cornell Uni
versity the Hon. Charles Denby. for
many years Minister to China, and Pro
fessor Dean C. Worcester of the Univer
sity of Michigan, who had made a most
careful study r.f life in the Philippines.
While the treaty of peace was under con-
federation in the Senate these Commis
sioners set out on their mission of good
will and liberation. Their character was
a sufficient guaranty of the beneficent
purpose with which they wont, even If
they had not borne the positive instruc
tions of this Government, which m.t.10
their errand pre-eminently one of pmt ■
ami friendship.
Hut before their arrival at Manila the
sinister ambition of a few I— rtori of the
Filipinos had created a situation full <.f
embarrassments for us and must grievous
in its consequences to themselves. The
clear and impartial preliminary report of
the Commissioners, which I transmit
herewith, gives so lucid and comprehen
sive a history of the present insurrection
ary movement that the story need not be
here repeated. It Is enough to say that
the claim of the rebel leader that he was
promised Independence by any officer of
the United States In return for his assist
ance has no foundation In fact un<l Is
categoric.illy denied by the very witnesses
who were called to prove It. The most
the insurgent leader hoped for when ho
came back to Manila was the liberation
of the Islands from the Spanish control,
which they hail hern laboring for years
without success to throw off.
The prompt accomplishment of this
work by the American army and navy
gave him other Ideas and ambitions, and
insidious suggestions from various quar
ters perverted the purposes and intentions
with which he had taken up arms No
sooner had our army captured Manila
than the Filipino forces b*?gan to as-umo
an attitude of suspicion and hostility
which tho utmost efforts of our offWr*
and troops were unable to <!l--arm or mod
ify. Their kindness and forbearance wore
taken as proof of cowardice. The aggres-
Ten Dollars
How good can an overcoat at that price be ?
We will answer for ours : It's an overcoat plenty
good enough for every- day wear — to and from busi-
ness ; it looks well and keeps its look for a long while;
fits like higher-priced coats ; wears as an overcoat
should — until you are thoroughly convinced of getting
your moneys worth. Made from cheviot, covert,
kersey and melton.
We think its best feature is the economical price.
Boys' Reefer Top Coats,
Materials — frieze and astrakhan ; ages 3 to 8 years ; former
prices $4, $5 and $6, now each coat has been re'duced'to
$3«85»
Out-of-town orders filled— write v* for
our new illustrated catalogue J\'o. 2.
fiaes.N.wooDecor@>
as.n.wooD»niffife
/ 7IBMARKETST. V^SS^
Blons of the Filipinos continually In
creased, until finally. Just before the time
set for the Senate of the United States for
a vote upon the treaty, an attack, evi
dently prepared in advance, was made all
along the American lines, which result*!
in a terribly destructive and sanguinary
repulse of the Insurgents.
BARBAROUS REBEL ORDER.
Ten days later an or«'-r of the insur
gent Government was Issued to Its adher
ents who had remained in Manila, of
which General Otis justly observes that
"for barbarous' intent it is unequalcd la
modern time*." it directs that at 8 o'clock
on the night of the 4th of February # tho
territorial militia shall come together la
the streets of San Pedro, armed with
their boles, with guns and ammunition,
where convenient: that Filipino families
only shall be respected: but that all other
individuals, of whatever race they may
be. shall be exterminated without any
compassion after the extermination of
the army of occupation, and adds:
"Brothers, we must avenge ourselves on
the Americans and exterminate them,
that we may take our revenge for the. In
famies and treacheries which they have
committed upon us. Have no compassion
upon them: attack with vigor."
A copy of this fell by good fortune Into
the hands of our officers and they were
able to take measures to control the ris
ing, which was actually attempted on the
night of February 22. a week later than
was orgtnally contemplated. A consider
able number of armed insurgents entered
the city by waterways and swamps and
in. concert with confederates Inside at
tempted to destroy Manila by fire. They
were kept In check during the night and
the next day driven out of the city with
heavy loss.
This was the unhappy condition of af
fairs which confronted our Commission
er* on their arrival in Manila. They had
come with the hope and intention of co
operating with Admiral Dewey and Major
General Otis in establishing peace and
order In the archipelago and the largest
measure of self-government compatible
with the true welfare of the. people. What
they actually found can best be set forth
In their own words:
"Deplorable as war Is. the one In which
wo are now engaged was unavoidable by
us. We were attacked by a bold, adven
turous and enthusiastic army. No alter
native was left to us except retreat.
"It Is not to be conceived of th it any
American would have sanctioned the sur
render of Manila to the Insurgents. Our
obligations to other nations and to the
friendly Filipinos and to ourselves and
our flag demanded that force should bo
met by force. Whatever the future of the
Philippines may be. there Is no course
open to us now except the prosecution of
the war until the insurgents are reduced
to submission. The commission Is of the
opinion that there has been no time since
the destruction of the Spanish squadron
by Admiral Dewey when It was possible
to withdraw our forces from the Islands,
either with honor to ourselves or with
safety to the Inhabitants."
"RIGHTEOUS CAMPAIGN."
The course thus clearly indicated has
been unflinchingly pursued. The rebel
lion must he put down. Civil government
cannot be thoroughly established until or
der Is restored. With a devotion and gal
lantry worthy of Its most brilliant his.
Tory, the army, ably and loyally assisted
by the navy, has carried on this unwel
come but most righteous campaign with
richly deserved success. The noble self
sacriflco with which our soldiers and sail
ors whose terms of service had expired
refused to avail themselves of their right
to return home as long as they were
needed at the front forms one of the
brightest pages In our annals. Although
their operations have been somewhat In
terrupted and checked by a rainy season
of unusual violence and duration, they
have gained ground steadily In every dl
34
PRESS COMMENTS ON THE MESSAGE.
rectlop and now look forward confidently
to a epeedy completion of their task.
NEGROS GOVERNMENT.
The unfavorable circumstances con
nected with an active campaign have not
been permitted to Interfere with the
equally Important work of reconstruction.
Again 1 Invite your attention to the re
port of the Commissioners for the Inter
esting and encouraging details of the
work already accomplished in the estab
lishment of peace and order and the in
auguration of self-governing municipal
life in many portions of the archipelago.
A notable beclnnlng has been made in the
establishment of a Government in the
Island of Negros, which Is deserving of
special consideration.
This was the first Island to accept
American sovereignty. Its people unre
servedly proclaimed allegiance to the
United States, and adopted a constitution
looking to the establishment of a popular
government. It was impossible to guar
antee to the people of NegTos that the
constitution so adopted should be the ulti
mate form of government. Such a Ques
tion, under the treaty with Spain and In
accordance with our own constitution
and laws, came exclusively under the
Jurisdiction of Congress. The Govern
ment actually set up by the Inhabitants
of Negros eventually proved unsatisfac
tory to the natives themselves. A new
•y*tem was put in force by order of the
major genera* commanding the depart
ment, of which the following are the most
Important elements:
It was ordered that the Government of
the Island of Negros should consist of a
Military Governor appointed by the
United States Military Governor of the
Philippines, and a civil Governor and an
Advisory Council elected by the people.
The Military Governor was authorized to
appoint secret of the Treasury, In
terior, Agriculture, Public Instruction, an
Attorney General and an Auditor. The
peat of Government was fixed at Bacolor.
The Military Governor exercises the su
preme executive power. He Is to see that
the laws are executed, appoint to office
and fill all vacancies In office not other
wise provided for and may, with the ap
proval of the Military Governor of the
Philippines, remove any of.leer from
oflk*. The civil Governor advises the Mil-
Mary all public and civil
Uons and presides ov.
forms the
taries
DC govern
■
The Advisory fnunrll consists of clsht
members elected by the people within ter
ritorial limits, which ar<* tlerinod in the
order of the commanding general.
The tlinrs and places «>f holding elec
tions am to be rtxed by the Military Gov
ernor of the Inland of Negroa. The quali
fications of voters are as follows:
a male citizen of the
:
2— Of the age of - 1 years.
3— He shall bo able to speak, read and
•write the English. Spanish or Vlsayan
language, or he must own real property
worth irfOi or pay rental on real property
of the value of $1000.
4— He must have resided In the island
not loss than one year preceding, n<l In
the district In which he offer* to replster
aa a voter not lf^s than three months Im
mediately preceding the time he offers to
register.
MM register at a time fixed by
law : • ins;.
ration he «hall
b] him to the
insane
person shall be allowed to r
I • •
The Military Governor has the right to
veto all bills or resolutions adopted by
the advisory Council, and hie veto Is
final If *yot disapproved by the Military
Governor of the Philippines. The Ad
visory Council dlKchargcs all the ordinary
duties of a Legislature. The usual duties
pertaining to aald otTlccrß are to be per
formed by the Secretaries of the Treas
ury. Interior. Agriculture. Public Instruc
tion, the Attorney General and the Audi
tor.
The Judicial power is vested in three
£*£■. who are to be appointed by the
Military Governor of the islnnd, inferior
court* are to bo established.
Free public schools are to be established
throughout the populous districts of the
Wand* In which the English language
shall be taught, and this subject will re
ceive the careful consideration of the
Advisory Council.
The burden of government m-«t »c fJs
• and equitably si
The military authorities will
ms revenue
' Phil
rad« and commerce.
subject t.. the
rnor of the
Philippln. - . .l 3. 13 not
speclflralh • wlllrh do
not come under the Jurisdiction of the
Advisory Council.
THE JOLO CROUP.
The authorities of the Bulu islands have
accepted the succession of the United
States to t*ie right* of Spain, and our
flu* float! over that torri«<»ry. On the
10th of August. 1893. Brigadier General J
C. Bates. U. 8. V.. negotiated an ngr«e
ment with the Sultan nnd his principal
chiefs, wfclch I transmit herewith. By
article I the sovereignty of the United
Btatra over the whole archipelago of Joio
and l?w dependencies is declared and ac
knowledged.
The olted States flag will be used In
the artiilpclago and Its dependencies, on
land and Kca. Piracy Is to be suppress
ed and the Sultan agrees to co-operato
heartily with tho United States authori
ties to m^nd and to make every possi
ble effort to arrest and bring to Justice
all persons «nj;aged in piracy. All trade
in domestic products of ■■. archipelago
of Jolo carried on with any part
of the Philipptno Islands and under the
American flag shall be free, unlimited
and undutiable The United States will
give full protection to the Sultan . ln ' case
any foreign nation should attempt to
Impose upon him. The United States will
not sell the island of Jolo or any other
Island of the Jolo archipelago- to any
foreign nation without the consent of the
Pultan. Salaries for the Sultan an( his
associates in the administration of the
Islands have been agreed upon to the
amount of J7GO a month. Article X pro
Pears'
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
vldee that any slave in the archipelago
of Jolo shall have the right to purchase
freedom by payln' to the master the
usual market value. The agreement by
General Bates was made subject to con
firmation by the President and to future
modifications by the consent of the par
ties In interest. I have confirmed such
agreement, subject to the action of Con
gress and with the reservation . *
I have directed shall be communicated
to the Sultan of Jolo. that this acreeraent
Is not to be deemed In any way to au
thorlie or give the consent of the United
States to the existence of slavery in the
Bulu archipelago.
IMPROVED CONDITIONS.
I communicate these facts to CXn
' gress for Its information and action.
Everything Indicates that with the speedy
suppression of the Tagalo rebellion, life
in the archipelago will soon assume its
ary course under the protection of
our sovereignty, and the people of those
favored Islands will enjoy a prosperity
and a freedom which they have never
before known. Already hundreds of
schools are open and tilled with children.
1 Religious freedom Is sacredly assured and
tnjoyed. The courts are dispensing Jus
tice. Business Is beginning to circulate
j In its accustomed channels.
Manila, whose Inhabitants were fleeing
; to the oountry a few months ago, is now
< a populous and thriving mart of com
merce, lot earnest and unremitting en
deavors of the commission and the ad
i mlral and major general commanding the
; Department of the Pacific to assure the
' people of the beneficent Intentions of this
Government have had their legitimate ef
fect in convincing the great mass of them
that peace and safety and prosperity and
stable government can only be found in
a loyal acceptance of the authority of the
United States
PHILIPPINES' FUTURE.
The future government of the Philip
pines rests with the Congress of the
United States. Few graver responsibili
ties have ever been confided to us. If
we accept them In a spirit worthy of our
race and our traditions, a great opportu
nity comes with them. The Islands lie
under the shelter of our flag. They ure
| ours by every title of law and equity.
: They cannot be abandoned. If we desert
■ them, wo leave them at once to anarchy
and Anally to barbarism. We fling them.
« golden apple of discord, among the
rival powers, no one of which could per
t mlt another to seize them unquestioned.
J Their rich plains and valleys would be
; the scene of endless strife and bloodshed
The advent of Deweys fleet in Manila
| Bay, Instead of being, as we hope, the
l dawn of a new day of freedom and pro
| gress. will have been the beginning of an
i era of misery and violence worse than
I any which has darkened their unhappy
j past. The suggestion has been made that ,
j we could renounce our authority o\
! islands, and, giving them Independence.
could retajn a protectorate over them
Tfcla proposition will not be found. I am
burt\ w. .rihy "f your serious attention.
an arrangement would Involve at
the outset a cruel breach of fsJth. It
would place the peaceable and loyal ma
1 rlty, who a«>k nothing better than to a. -
'ir authority, at the mercy of armM
It would make us responst
r the acts of the insurgent leaders
■ :ve <:s no p. .wer to OOntrol them. It
I charge us with the task of protect
h other and d
Ing them against any foreign power, with
which they chose to quarrel. In short. it
would take from the Congress of the
united States the power of declaring war
and vest that tremendous prerogative in
the Tagalo leader of the hour.
It does not seem desirable that I should
recommend at this time a specific and
final form of government for these isl
ands. When peace shall be restored it
will be the duty of Congress to construct
a plan of government which shall estab
lish and maintain freedom, order and
peace in the Philippines. The insurrec
tion Is still existing and when It termi
nates further Information will be required
as to the actual condition of affairs before
inaugurating a permanent scheme of civil
government. The report of the commis
sion, now In preparation, will contain In
formation and suggestions which will bit
of value to Congress, and -which I will
transmit as soon as it is completed. As
long as the insurrection continues the
military arm must necessarily be su
prime. But there is no reason why steps
should not be taken from time to time to
inaugurate governments essentially popu
lar In their form as fast as territory is
held or controlled by our troops.
RETURN OF COMMISSION.
To this end I am considering the ad
visability of the return of the commis
sion, or such of the members thereof as
can be Eecured, to aid the existing' au
thorities and facilitate this work through
out the Island. I have believed that re
constructions Should not begin by tho es
tablishment of one central civil govern
ment of all the islands, with Its seat at
Manila, but rather that the work should
be commenced by building up from the
bottom, first establishing municipal gov
ernments and then provincial govern
ments, a central government at least to
follow. Until Congress shall have made
known the formal expression of Its will
I shall use the authority vested in me
by the constitution and statutes to uphold
| the sovereignty of the United States In
those distant Islands and In nil other
places where our flag rightfully floats. I
Fhall put at the disposal of the army and
navy nil the means which the liberality
of Congress and the people have provided
to cause this unprovoked and wasteful in
surrection to erase. If any orders of
mine were required to secure the merciful
conduct of military and naval operations,
, they would not be lacking; but every step
of the progress of our troops has been
marked by a humanity which ha sur
prised even the misguided Insurgents. The
truest kindness to them would be swift
and effective defeat of their present lead
er. . The hour of victory will be the hour
, of clemency and reconstruction.
• No effort will be spared to build up the
watte places desolated by war and by
| long years of misgovernment. We shall
• not. wait for the end of the strife to be
! gin the beneficent work. . We shall con
! tinue, as we have begun, to open the
1 Kflhonla and the churches, to set tho
I courts in operation, to foster Industry and
trade and agriculture, and In every way
I In our power to make these people whom
Providence has brought within our Ju
risdiction feel . that It .Is their liberty
and not our power, their welfare and not
our tin that we are peeking to enhance.
Our flag has never waved over any com
, munity but In hid— I believe the Fil
ipinos will soon recognize the fact that It
has not lout its gift of benediction In its
world wide Journey to their shores.
HAWAII.
The Government of Tnls Newly Ac
quired Territory Under Federal Con
stl'utlonSrould Be Provided For.
1 Borne embarrassment In administration
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1899.
has occurred by reaeon of the peculiar
status which the Hawaiian Islands at
present occupy under the Joint resolution
Of annexation approved July T, 1898.
While by that resolution the republic of
Hawaii as an Independent nation was ex
tinguished, its separate sovereignty de
, etroyed and Its property and possessions
vested in the United States, yet a com
plete establishment for its government
under our system was not effected. While
the municipal laws of tho Islands not en
acted for the fulfillment of treaties and
not Inconsistent with the Joint resolution
1 r contrary to the constitution of the
United States or of any of its treaties
; remain in force, yet these laws relate
only to the social and international af
fairs of the lalaAda and do not touch any
j subjects of importance which are of a
i broader national character. For exam
, pie. the Hawaiian republic was divested
of all title to the public lands In the
: islands, and is not only unable to dlspus»
of lands to settlers deslrlr.p to take up
. homepUad sites, but is without power to
give complete tl ; le In casts whore lands
have been entered upon on lea?e or oth»*r
' conditions which carry with them th<>
right t.> i 1r- purchaser, lessee, or settler
: to have a full title granted to him upon
I compliance with the conditions prescribed
by law or by his particular agreement of
entry. Questions of doubt and difficulty
have also arisen with reference to the
collection of tonnage tax on vessels com
| Ing from Hawaiian ports; with reference
to the status of Chinese In the Islands,
their entrance and exit therefrom; as to
patents and copyrights; as to the register
; of vessels under the navigation laws; as
i to the necessity of holding elections In
-■lanco with the provisions of the
Hawaiian statutes for the choice of va
rious officers and as to several other mat
, ters of detail touching the Interests both
of the Islands and of the Federal Gov
ernment.
By the resolution of annexation the
President was directed to appoint five
commissioners to recommend to Congress
such legislation concerning the islands as
they should deem necessary or proper.
The commissioners were duly appointed
and after a careful Investigation and
study of the system of laws and govern
ment prevailing there, they prepared a
bill to provide a government under the
title of "The Territory of Hawaii." The
report of the commission, with the bill
which they prepared, was transmitted
by me to Congress on December 6. IS9S,
but the bill atlll awaits final action.
The people of those ("lands are entitled
to the benefits and privileges of our leg
islation, but In the absence of any act of
Congress providing for Federal courts In
the Islands, and for a procedure by which
appeals, writs of error and other Judicial
dings necessary for the enforce
ment of civil rights may be prosooute<l,
are powerless to secure their en
:ieiit by the Judgment of the courts
' the United States. It is manifoldly
* Important, therefore, that an act shall
1"» passed as speedily as possible erect-
Ing these Islands Into a Judicial d!?'r!"t.
' providing for the appointment of n
and other proper officers and methods of
procedure in appellate proceedings, an.l
that the government of this new.
1 territory under thf Federal con
stitution shall be fully defined and pro
vided for.
ALASKA-
Suggestions Offered for a More Com
plete Form of Territorial
Organization.
A necessity for Immediate legislative
arti'in exists In th<-* territory °' Alaska.
illy the only law providing 1 a
civil • government for this territory Is the
act of May IT. lb?4. This is meager In Its
. and It Is fitted only for th-j
administration of affairs In a country
■panely Inhabited by civilized people ami
unimportant In trade and production, as
whs Alaska at tho time this net was past
ed. The InciCUli atlon by Immi
gration during the pMt few >t.ir*.
■ upon the discovery "f Bold, has
produced Buch a condition as calln f^r
umjil" facilities for local self-government
and more numerous conveniences of civil
and Judicial administration. Settlement!:
have grown up In various places, consti
tuting: In point of population and business
cities of thousands of inhabitants, yet
there is no provision of law under which
a municipality can be organized or main
tained.
In some localities the Inhabitants have
met together and voluntarily formed a
municipal organization for the purpose
of local government, adopting the form
of a municipal constitution under which
paid officials have been appointed, and
ordinances creating and regulating a po
lice force, a fire department, a depart
ment of health, and making provision
for the car»» of the insane and Indigent
poor and sick, and for public schools
have been passed. These proceedings and
ordinances passed by such municipality
are without statutory authority and have
no Action, except as they are maintain
ed by the popular sentiment of the com
munity.
There Is an entire absence of authority
to provide the ordinary instrument ' '
cal police control and administration, tho
population consisting of th<» usual per
centage of lawless, adventurers, of the
that always flock to new fields of
enterprise or discovery, and under cir
cumstances which require more than or
dinary provision for the maintenance of
peace, good order and lawful conduct.
The whole vast area nf Alaska com
' prises but one Judicial district, with one
Judge, one marshal, and one district at
■ torney. yet the ilvll and criminal business
I has more than doubled within the past
j year, and Is many times greater both In
volume and Importance than It was In
The duties of the Judge require him
to travel thousands of miles to discharge
, his judicial duties at the various places
ITlftgnttiri for that purpose. The terri
tory should be divided into at least two
districts and an additional Judge, district
1 attorney, marshal and other appropriate
officers be provided. There is practically
no orgsnlisd form of government In the
territory. There is no authority except
In t'oncress to paps any law. no matter
' how local or trivial, and the difficulty of
ying to Congress an adequate
ptton and understanding of the va
! rlous needs of the people in the different
, communities Is easily understood. I si ■
BO r< ■:tS"n why n more complete form of
territorial organization should not be pro
, vided. Following the precedent estab
lished in the year l^'O. when a temporary
\ government was provided for the recently
acquired territory, then known under the
name of Louisiana, It seems to me that It
would be advantageous to confer greater
executive power upon the Governor and
to establish, as was done In the case of
i the Territory of Louisiana, a legislative
council, having power to adopt ordinances
which shall extend to all the rightful
pubjects of local legislation, such ordin
ances not to take effect until reported to
' and approved by Congress, if In ses
sion, and if that body is not in session,
( then by the President. In this manner
a system of laws providing for the incor
poration and government of towns and
cities having a certain population, giving
: them the power to establish and maintain
a syptem of education to be locally sup
ported, and ordinances providing for po
lice, sanitary . and other such purposes
should be speedily provided. I believe a
provision of this kind would, be satis
factory to the people of the territory. It
is probable that the area Is too vast and
: the population too scattered and tran
sitory to make it wise at the present
time to provide for an elective legislative
body, but the conditions calling for local
eelf-government will undoubtedly very
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take KhxhM\«> Promo Quinine Tablets. All
druKSlitb refund the money if It falls to cure.
■t W. Urove'a signature Is on tach box, 25c.
soon exist and will be facilitated by the
measures which I have recommended.
PORTO RICO.
Organization of a Temporary Govern
ment Urged to Consist Partly
of Porto Rlcais.
# ; O:O:o'C-C •£ C-p O <§• oso Of os ©
I recommend that legislation to the
fame end be had with reference to the j
government of Porto Rico. The time Is
ripe for the adoption of a temporary form >
of government for this Island; and many j
suggestions made with reference to Alas- j
ka are applicable also to Porto Rico.
The system of civil Jurisprudence now
adopted by the people of this island Is de- j
scribed by competent lawyers who are fa- j
miliar with It as thoroughly modern and \
scientific, so far as it relates to matters.
of internal business, trade, production and
I suclul and private rights in general. The
cities of the island are governed under
i charters which probably require very lit- !
tle or no change. So that with relation to ,
matters of local concern and private ,
rights, It Is not probable that much if any j
legislation Is desirable; but with reference
to public administration and the relations
of the Island to the Federal Government
j there are many matters which are of
! pressing urgency. The same necessity
! exists for legislation on the part of Con
gress to establish Federal courts and
Federal Jurisdiction In the Island as has
been previously pointed out by me with '
reference to Hawaii. Besides the ad
ministration of Justice there are subjects i
of public lands; the control and Improve- j
ment of rivers and harbors; the control
of the waters or streams not navigable,
which, under the Spanish law, belonged to j
the crown of Spain, and have by the I
treaty of cession passed to the United 1
States; the Immigration of people from |
foreign countries; the importation of con- I
tract labor; the Imposition and collection j
of Internal revenue; the application of I
the navigation laws; the regulation of the j
current money; the establishment of post- 1
offices and post roads; the regulation of I
tariff rates on merchandise Imported from
the island into the United States: the es
tablishment of ports of entry and dcliv- j
cry; the regulation of patents and copy- j
rights—these, with various other sub- j
jects which rest entirely within the power
of Congress, call for careful consid- I
eration and Immediate action. It must
be borne in mind that since the cession
Porto Rico has been denied the principal
markets she had long enjoyed and our I
tariffs have been continued against her j
products as when she was under Spanish
sovereignty. The markets of Spain are 1
closed to her products except upon terms
to which the commerce of all nations is
subjected. The Island of Cuba, which
used to buy her cattle and tobacco with
out customs duties, now imposes the same I
duties upon these products as from any
other country entering her ports. She |
has therefore lost her free Intercourse '
with Spain and Cuba without any com- 1
pensating benefits in this market. Her
coffee was little known and not In use by
our people, and therefore there was no
demand here for this, one of her chief ;
products. The markets of the United
States should be opened up to her pro
ducts. Our plain duty is to abolish all
customs tariffs between the United States
and Porto Rico and give her products free
access to our markets.
As a result of the hurricane which
swept over Porto Rico on the ISth of
August, 1599. over 100.000 people were re- ]
duced to absolute destitution, without I
homes, and deprived of the necessaries of I
life. To the nppeal of the War Depart
ment the people of the United States made
prompt and generous response. In ad
dition to the private charity of our peo- I
ple*, tha War Department, has expended
for the relief of the distressed 1392,342 63.
which does not Include the cost of trans
portation.
It Is desirable that the government of
the Island under the law of belligerent
right, now maintained through the cxc- !
cutive department, should be superseded ;
by an administration entirely civil In its
nature. For present purposes I recom
mend that Congress pass a law for the
organization of a temporary government,
which shall provide for tho appointment ;
by the President, subject to confirmation
by the Senate, of a Governor and such
other officers as the general administra
tion of the island may require and that
for legislative purposes on subjects of a
local nature not partaking 'of a Federal
character a legislative council, composed
partly of Porto Ricans and partly of cit
izens of the United States, shall be nom
inated and appointed by the President,
subject to confirmation by the Senate,
their acts to bo subject to the approval '
of Congress or the President prior |
to going into effect. In the municipali- i
ties and other local subdivisions I recom
mend that the principle of local self-gov
ernment be applied at once so as to en
able the intelligent citizens of the island
! to participate In their own government
and to learn by practical experience the
duties and requirements of a self-con
tained and a self-governing people. I have
not thought it wise to commit the entire
government of the island to officers se
lected by the people, because I doubt
whether in habits, training and experience
they are such as to fit them to exercise
at once so large a degree of self-govern
ment, but it Is my judgment and expec
tation that they will soon arrive at an
attainment of experience and wisdom
and self-control that will Justify confer
ring upon them a much larger participa
tion in the choice of their Insular officers.
The fundamental requirement for these
people, as for all people. Is education.
Tho free school house is the best pre
ceptor for citizenship. In tho introduc
tion of modern educational methods care,
however, must be exercised that changes i
I be not made too abruptly and that the '
history and racial peculiarities of the In- '
habitants shall be given due weight. Sys- j
terns of education in these new posses
j sions founded on common sense methods,
adapted to existing conditions and look-
Ing to the future movement and Indus
trial advancement of the people will com
mend to them in a peculiarly effective
manner tho blessing of free government.
MOB LfiW.
The love of law and sense, obedience
and submission to the lawfully consti
tuted Judicial tribunals are embedded in
the hearts of our people, and any viola
tion of these sentiments and disregard
of their obligations Justly arouses public
condemnation. The guaranties of life,
liberty and civil rights should be faith
fully upheld, the right of trial by Jury
respected and defended. The rule of the
courts should assure the public of the
prompt trial of those charged with crim
inal offense and upon conviction tho pun
ishment should be commensurate with the
enormity of the crime. Those who. In
disregard of law. and the public peace,
unwilling to await the judgment of court
and Jury, constitute themselves judges
and executioners, should not escape the
severest penalties of their crimes.
What I said in my Inaugural address of
March 4. 1897, I now repeat: "The con
1 stituted authorities must be cheerfully
■ and vigorously upheld. Lyachlngs must
not be tolerated in a great and civ
ilized country like the United States.
Courts, not mobs, must execute the pen
alties of the laws. The preservation of
public order, the right of discussion, the
; Integrity of courts and the orderly admin
istration of Justice must continue forever
the rock of safety upon which our na
tional security rests."
DISTRICT CELEBRATION.
In accordance with the act of Congress
providing for an appropriate national cel
ebration in the year 1000 of the establish
ment of the pent of government In the
District of Columbia. I have appointed a
committee, consisting of the Governors
of all the States and Territories of the
United States, who have been Invited to
assemble In the city of Washington on
the first of December, 1399. which, with
the committees from Congress and the
District of Columbia, is charged with the
proper conduct of the celebration.
MEMORIAL BRIDGE.
Congress at its last session appropriated
$5000 "to enable the chief of engineers of
the army to continue the examinations of
the subject and to make or secure de
signs, calculations and estimates for a
rial bridge from the most conven
ient point of the naval obser. .
ground, or adjacent thereto, acro-^
Potomac River to the most convenient
point of Arlington estate property." In
accordance with the provisions of this act
the chief of engineers has selected four
eminent bridge contractors to submit
plans for a bridge combining the ele
ments of strength and durability and
such architectural embellishments and
ornamentation as will fitly apply
to the dedication, "A memorial to
American patriotism." The designs are
1 M being prepared and as soon as com
pleted will be submitted to Congress
by the Secretary of War. The proposed
bridge would be a convenience to all the
people from every part of the country
who visit the National Cemetery, an or
nament to the capital of the nation, and
forever stand as a monument to Ameri
can patriotism. I do not doubt that Con
gress will give to the enterprise still
further proof of its favor and approval.
CIVIL SERVICE ORDER.
The executive order of May 6, 1896| ex
tending the limits of the classified ser
vice, brought within the operation of the
civil service law and rules nearly all r>f
the executive civil service not previously
classified. Some of the Inclusions were
found wholly Illogical and unsulted to the
work of the several departments. The ap
plication of the rules to many of the
places so Included was found to result In
friction and embarrassment. After long
and very thorough consideration It be
came evident to the heads of the depart
ments responsible for their efficiency that
In order to remove these difficulties and
promote an efficient and harmonious ad
ministration certain amendments were
necessary. These amendments wero pro
mulgated by me In executive order dated
May 29. 1599. The principal purpose of the
order was to except from competitive ex
amination certain places Involving fidu
ciary responsibilities or duties of a strict
ly confidential, sclentiflo or executive
character, which It was thought might
: be filled either by non-competitive
examination or In the discretion of the
appointing officer than by open competi
tion. These places were comparatively
few in number. The order provides for the
filling of a much larger number of places,
mainly In the outside service of the War
Department, by what Is known as the
registration system, under regulations to
be approved by the President, similar to
those which have produced such admir
able results In the navy yard service.
All of the amendments had for their
main object a more efficient and satis
factory administration of the system of
appointments established by the civil ser
vice law. The results attained show that
under their operation the public service
has Improved and that the civil service
system is relieved of many objectionable
features which heretofore subjected it to
Just criticism and the administrative of
ficers to the charge of unbuslness-like
methods in the conduct of public affairs.
It is believed that the merit system has
been greatly strengthened and its perma
nence assured. It will be my constant aim
In the administration of government In
our new possessions to make fitness,
character and merit essential to appoint
ment to office, and to give to the capable
an<l deserving Inhabitants preference In
appointments.
WASHINGTON ANNIVERSARY.
The 14th of December will be the one
hundredth anniversary of the death of
Washington. For a hundred years the
republic has had the priceless advantage
of the lofty standard of character an-1
conduct which he bequeathed to the
American people. It is an Inheritance
which time, instead of wasting, contin
ually Increases and enriches. We may
Justly hope that In the years to como the
benignant influence of tho father of his
country may be even more potent for
good In the century which Is drawing to
a close. I have been gled.to learn that In
many parts of the country the people will
fittingly observe this historic anniversary.
CONGRESS' OPPORTUNITIES
Presented to this Congress are great
opportunities. With them come great re
sponsibilities. The power confided to us
Increases the weight of our obligations to
tho people, and we must be profoundly
sensitive of them as we contemplate the
new and grave problems which confront
us. Aiming only at the public good, we
caainot err. A right interpretation of tho
p. 1 ple'4 will and of duty cannot fail to
Insure wise measures for the welfare of
the Islands which have come under the
authority of the I'nited States and inure
to the common interest and lasting honor
of our country.
Never has this nation had more abund
ant cause than during the past year for
thankfulness to God for manifold bless
ings and mercies, for which we make
reverent acknowledgment.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Executive Mansion. December 6, 1399.
VARIED COMMENT OF
THE ENGLISH PRESS
LONDON, Dec. 6.— A1l the morning
papers have editorials on President Mc-
Klnley's message to Congress. The Dally
Telegraph says: "What differentiates
the present from preceding messages Is
its all but formal admission that the
United States have been drawn into the
eddies of Eastern politics. It Is the Far
East which is the real reason for this par
tial abandonment of Monroeism. So far
as Great Britain Is concerned there is no
apprehension, but rather unqualified satis
faction at the new departure."
The- Daily Mall says: "Commercial ex
pansion is the dominant note of the mes
sage. Shipping subsidies are plainly hint
ed at. If Congress carries these into ef
rect British shipowners and shipping
linns will have to break through all
rings and enter upon a new epoch of eu
terprlse."
The Daily News says: "It is Quite evi
dent that the United States is become one
of the great naval powers of the world.
Mr. Chamberlain will find but cold com
fort If he reads between the lines of the
age. Wiiile It urges a good under
standing with all countries, it id not ef
fuaive toward our own. If It sins any
where In that way It is for the benefit of
Germany, and Americans will do all In
their power to make the two countries
the best of MMlda."
The Morning Post, after noting that
President McKinley's. language regarding
Great lirltaln is "cordial but cautious '
says: "We are surprised to lind bis
Miitaments hi relation to the new posses
sions of the United States much less em
phatic than those which he used during
the summer and autumn in the speeches
he delivered in various parts of the repub
lic."
The Standard says: "The message is
comprehensive, but not exciting, especial
ly so far m external relations are con
cerned. President McKJnley'a language Is
carefully good on Anglo-American rela
tions. lie is friendly, but does not mean
to be fervid. Toward Germany, on the
other hand, ho Is very cordial. The refer
ence to 'entangling alliances' would prob
ably have been omitted If a certain speech
at Leicester had not been delivered
Probably Mr. MeKlnlejr'l party and most
Americans who are connected with in
dustrial interest are anxious to promote
close relations with Great Britain, but the
Irish voters and the anti-expansionists
have to be considered."
The Daily ; Chronicle says: "Toward
Germany Mr. McKlnley's friendly ex
pressions have quite a noteworthy em
phasis, and, If his tone is a shade cooler
with reference to this country, we owe it
to the unlucky exaggerations of Mr
Chamberlain. President McKlnley re
Hales.
OPEN W^ **£. T/M£
EVERY EVENING \ JWM <£&G&s^ -OP 1 TO BUY
UNTIL XMAS. i M ~^-£X —~s' I BLANKETS.
Santa's automobile route to-day.
in the morning :
Hale's store to 6th st, to Howard, to 12th, to Folsom. to 20th, to
Treat aye.. to 26th, to Shotwell, to 22d, to Capp, to 15th, to Guer-
rero, to 14th, to Valencia, to Hales.
in the afternoon :
Hae's store to McAllister, to City Hail aye, to Grove, to Gough,
to Fell, to Buchanan, to Waller, to Scott, to Oak, to Ashbury, to
Haight to Stanyan, to Wai to Cole, to Page, to Masonic, to
Oak, to Baker, to Fu!ton. to Devisadero, to Eddy, to Hales.
♦ 4-
making any fancy work?
if you are we've the needed fixings — perhaps some peculiar shade — try
Hales.
embroidery silks.
fllo floss, royal floss, rope silk or Trash silk. 4o a skein 4So a 4os.
Vega silk finish, embroidery silk twist, t\%e a skein M 25c a dot.
Orion Milk finish rope embroidery twlaf. Ec a skein 60c a do*.
3-yard spool embroidery silk 120 a d >».
10-yard spools embroidery silk ...10c each.
fcO-yard •pool knitting silk 10c each.
slipper so'es, baby's size l-';c per pair.
children's size 15c pair. ladies' site '....ISc pair.
misses' size ISc pair. gents' 3lze 25c pair.
German knitting yarn In every wanted color 30c a skrln. 80c per Ib.
Oermantown yarn. 16 skeins to the pound IV a nkeln. $1.44 a lb.
Oermantown yam. 12 skeins to the pound 12a a rkein, 5i. 44 a lb.
Spanish yarn, 8 skeins to the pound .15c a skein, $1.20 a Ih.
Saxony yarn. 12 skeins to the pound 8 l-3c a skein, $1.00 a Ib.
Shetland floss. 8 skeins to the pound 15c a skein, 11.20 a lb.
more toys than we can tell about.
leather goods===particularly
purses.
an interesting line easy choosing.
Alligator pocketbook, chamois lined, modest little present 400.
seal grain combination pocketbooks with card case, metal corner*, neat as
can be ,0c
double combination seal grained purse and card case combined Wo.
genuine alligator combination pockerbook and card caso 11.03.
genuine seal pocket book and card case, oblong or square ...ILOJ.
(NAME ENGRAVED FREE ON ALL PURSES COSTING $LOO OR MORB.)
millinery pricelets.
substantial savings in hats you need right now.
fur felt golf hat, white silk, quill, swell little creation H.OO.
ladies' fedora hat, trimmed with neat quill, popular to knock about In Me
child's cloth Tarn o' Shanter with quill Uc.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
rains from a specific allusion to Chinese
affairs. Here we have an explanation of
the unusual warmth with which he dwells
on American friendship for Germany.
This Is not prompted solely by a desire to
vindicate the character or canned meats.
He Justly appreciates the co-operation of
England, Germany and America in pre
serving those conditions of commercial
rivalry which, as he says, make it gen
erous and open. We wUh the message
had laid stress upon that principle, In
stead of rejecting an alliance which no
body except Mr. Chamberlain, perhaps,
really seeks, and rejecting It in a way to
make it appear to the section of American
opinion that Is not well disposed toward
us that we have received ■ rebuff."
The '1 Lm< dhows
the beat spirit in touching upon the rela
tions betw.-en the United State* and the
I'nlted Kingdom. The delicate nature of
the net pending with Canada, re
garding the Alaskan boundary, do<
allot* him to (,m beyond tl >n of
a hope that these will end in an i
ment for the establishment/ and delimita
tion of a permanent boundary. Apart
from this, however, a most friendly dis
position marks th<» discussion of the num
erous matters of Intercourse between the
United States and Great Britain. The be
nevolent neutrality whlrh has been ob
served by the l'nlted Btates during <>ur
conflict with the Hoers Is only what mlKht
he expected from a nation with whom in
ternational law has always, been a favor
ite study. The President U looking In the
right direction when he contends for the
gradual creation of a constitutional sys
tem for the Philippines. To Insist on a
cut and dried constitution at this stage
In the history of the l'hliippln*
no less absurd than to demand, before the
war with the Boers had been fought out,
that we should .settle the future of the
Transva.nl in arrordunoe with the views of
political theorists at bone."
GALENA LEDGE FOUND
IN THE KLONDIKE
Prospectors Make a Rich Strike, the
Vein Showing Free Gold Even
to the Naked Eye.
VICTORIA, B. c.. Dec. 6.— The steamer
Tees, which arrived this evening from
Skaguny, Included among her passengers
John C Russell, who left the Klondike
capital on November 9th in company with
two companions. Near Thistle Creek the
two broke through the Ice and Russell
had a narrow escape from death. He was
saved by his companions, who had i
scrambled out and dragged him from the
Icy water.
According to Russell quite a number of i
people, who have been going to Oawson
over tho Ice, have been drowned. He
heard of a number of accidents and five
drownlngs came under his observation.
He was. however, unable to get the
names or find out anything concerning
the unfortunates who lost their lives.
Mr. Russell tells of a new danger which
threatens the miners who are now work
ing at Dawson. With the introduction of
the thawing machines, tunnels are put in
speedily and in few cases is th« earth
shored up with timbers, the minors rely
ing on the frost to solidify and hold the
earth above in position.
With the coming of the thaw there were
a number of cave-Ins and many accidents
occurred. There were at least three
deaths because of this. He did not make
any note of the victims and was unable
to recall their names. Just before he left
a census of Dawson was taken, showing
4000 people there.
A big quartz llnd has been made, says
Mr. Russell, at the back of Bonanza
Creek. The property was bonded early In
November to Eastern capitalists for
JSO.OOO.
The Tees also brought news of a big
quarts strike on Oundas Island. A I.
C Isle, near Port Simpson. A. 8. Aotell
and H. C. Robertson have found a ledge
of galena thirty-two feet wide, and they
are of the opinion that there Is millions
in It. No assay has yet been made, but
free gold can be seen with the naked eye.
There Is Borne anxiety for the steamer
lioscowltz, which was a week overdue at
Port Simpson from Queen Carlotto Isl
ands.
ORDERS DECREASING
THE FORCE IN CUBA
Eight Companies of Infantry and a
Squadron of Cavalry Are Re
called.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— Formal orders
were issued from the War Department
to-day to givo effect to the recently an
nounced decision of Secretary Root to re
duce the force Of United States troops
in Cuba. The headquarters and eight
companies of the infantry now at San
tiago and Puerto Principe Province. Cuba,
are ordered homo. Or these, the head
quarters and four companies -:<> to PUtts
burs Barracks and tie remaining battal
ion to Governors Island. N. Y. The lat
ter will relieve the battery of the Fifth
Artillery, at present stationed at Gov
ernors Island, making It available for ser
vice at some other point on the coast.
One squadron of the Eighth Cavalry,
also atationed at Puerto Principe. la or
dered to Fort EUley. Kans. This will
leave eight troops of tho Eighth Cavalry
In Puerto Principle, and one squadron of
the Tenth Cavalry, the latter being or
dered to Texas, from which State it was
originally drawn. It will relieve three
troops of the Ninth Cavalry now In
Texas, who in turn will be sent back to
the Department of the Colorado, to such
Hole*.
points as may be designated by the com
manding general of that department. Ono
company of the Seventh Infantry, now
at I'lattsburg Barrack*. Is ordered to
Fort Wayne, near Detroit. This la th«
headquarters of that regiment, and It I*
the Intention to gradually concentrate
there the various detachments of th«
Seventh now scattered over the United,
States.
BANK PRESIDENT
GETS A NEW TRIAL
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Der ■ ] g Dar
rach. former president of the Kansas City
I '.posit and Savings Bank, who wad
convicted In IS'/J of wrecking that Insti
tution and sentenced to tv. ;n; n th>
penitentiary, was to «ay Kranted a new
trial by Judge BnsM in the State Suprf m.i
Court at JeeTerWM <"lty, the decision turn-
Ing on a technicality.
The bank failed in the panic of MT.
owing eight thousand depositors SC.OOO^OO.
and since then the assignee has pal
positors but 15 per cent. l>reslden:
ragh and Cashier Elmer C. Sattley wer«
Indicted for Illegal hankii .
convicted In UM and given four years
He applied for a new trUl and pendlnij
■
estate business in Chi
sent to the penitentiary, but was
doned by Governor Stephens in Ma
going to l»s Angeles to live !■
was tried twice, the first trial resulting In
a divided Jury. He was convicted
■ ' to 1
In the penitentiary, but immediately ap
pealed. At the time of . re tp*
feeling against the bank officials was very
bitter.
Pickpocket Arrested.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 5-Wesdon Wandy,
th© person who has given the autr.
ko much trouble, was again landed
to-day on a charge of larceny. Wand-.
tried to pick the pockets of a number . f
ds on the Sauaallt'j ferry-boat. Th »
man seems to U.> an Incorrigible thief ai. I
• f-maker. and will pn bably be sei c
guentin before he ceases to nuki
trouble.
Dependable Drugs
Prescription
Prices
The practice of charging
all the traffic will bear has
never characterized The
Owl Drug Company's
stores.
Dependable drugs at
reasonable prices have made
our business grow from one
store to three thriving stores.
We were the first to cut
the price of patent medi-
cines. We are still selling
patent medicines at cut
prices, saving medicine buy-
ers from ten to forty per
cent.
So it is with our prescrip-
tion business.
The character of the
drugs used and the amount
of Tabor required regulate
the cost of each prescrip-
tion.
There are so few alike it
would be impossible to
quote general prices, but
we are pleased to give a
price on any particular pre-
scription presented.
Frte delivery to railroad points *Nsts
100 milts on ttltti of f) or up.
il j£U Cl fi*TE &Rv6 fllfT Va?
. jtfls^. 1128 MARKET ST.
fii»Uiw»«y SAM 'NANCISQO
10th and BROADWAY. o)IUmo )IUmBOERS SOLIDLY ARRAYED TO
CHECK THE BRITISH ADVANCE
Significant Silence Concerning
the Forces That Are Trying
to Relieve Beleaguered Gar
risons ;uu.l Invade Enemy's
Territory.
NEW YOKK. Dec 5 -A cable tr tbe Sun
from Pretoria via Lourenzo Marquez, Dec. 2,
says : All was quiet at Kin)b?r!ey yesterday.
Ir) regard to the Modder F^iver fight General
Cronje reports that tr;e engagement com
menced at 6 o'clocK in the morning and lasted
till 7 o'clcc^ in the ever)ing, when t'ne British;
retired, ; ully defeated. The nurober of Boers
Killed and wounded was small.
LA feeling of
anxiety and Irritation was In the
a!r last evening at th« clubs:,
hotels, thtaters and wherever mtn
were congregated. There was but
one exclamation. "When will they allow
news to come through?" This feeling is
r«'fl>ct«d in the petulant criticisms of tne
work of the censor which art- to be found
in tho columns of several of the great
I^ndnn dailies. This absolute silence at
a Hmo wryn tho next blow is about to be
i. "• er*-<l,a blow which is likely to be
vital to the fortunes of th»» campalen. is
most hard to b<-ar. What makes the MiJ«
rwnse more 'ilftlrult t" endure is the
knnwl«»«Jgo th.it it is caused, not by the
natural circumstances «>f the case, but
by the deliberate determination of the
military authorities. It in fully appro
rial ed that any moment may bring news
of the Rr«"atrst Importance.
From Natal conic* word that the Hoers
hav#» retired frcm Weenrn. southeast of
fnlor.so. It look* as if a part of Sir
Francis Clery's division had been de
tached to mukc a wide detour on th«
f^«t of Frcre Station. The flret result Of
such movemeot will bo to drive any out
lying force of Boers across the Rlau
tvakra*6 River. Its Fubsequent object
would b<* to work around so as to menace
the enemy's position at Colcnso from the
east.
General Bulier must now have available
for operation for forcing Tugela River
nearly 24.000 men. It must not neces
sarily be assumed that all will be con
c«*ntrat«»d at Colenso. General Bulier may
attempt what Methuen paid was lmposri
ble for him. to outflank the enemy. lie
will feint at many places, but the actual
I»olnt at which he roasea may be thit at
which he finds the emmy the least
Ftror.g. This would account for the ex
treme pecr?cy observed as to movements
of the British troops. Far more de
pends on the p&ssage of Tuge'.a River
than depended en that of Modder River.
General Jcubert 1* reported to nave
Ftrcngthen<»d both his right and left
flanks in the preparation for tactics like
thesa. but It by no means follows that
h* would ho able to frustrate them. The
Boer pisltlt n on the Tupela has been
mad« exv-eedmirly strong as again?: any
front attack, while the character of tile
Country lo this r»»Rinn largely helps Jou
!)««rt's dispositions. The Boers are reptirt
ed to be m very great numbers at tlrob
lers Kloof and eUewher* around Coler.so.
From a brltish point of view it is hoped
that the Boera will star.d an.l await at
t.-uk in a given position. Should they
*pre.i<l th<fir.selv<>3 in mobile bodies for
two mil«*» «Jong th* course of the Tugela
Urn result w<-uld be something like guer
rilla warfare.
The «J<"lay which has occurred In the
British advance can not only be explained
by General BulW* desire to get up an
overwhelming number of batteries, but
al»«r» by rarefully planned and extensive
movement! whereby the IJoers' position
:.: <" 'lrr.s.i ran be simultaneously attacked
fr'.ni the rt-rth. south, oast and west.
An ur.'-or.flrmrd report njn that (Jen
eral Bulljt began his advance on Thurs
dajr. It hardly seems probable that the
bridjre at Frere had been sufficiently re
ralred on that date.
The Boers are Mid to be confident of
rapturir.jf L3dy?rr.ith unless their I'.ncs
'an be turned. The conflict will be a
most de«;«ratc one and will task Buller's
roourecs.
G^ncr.il Methuen. It Is reported, re
rumi>« his advance toward K:mberley to
day in personal command of his column,
from which it Is clear that his wound is
only a. slight one. His delay is explained
by th« need of hrinKlng up more ammuni
tion and concentrating large supplies for
EClmberley. which is In great straits for
food.
•'C B|S
■
;n>ler
The pr
> n» which It was s;r Mon of
DUZY sf^K
fIJfCIJ ARISE at a
1/ I BM rMUIt of lm-
II r Hi P* rfpf * circu-
it f p| 'atlon of blood
■ tVJSi <n brnln - Thin
/ Vt BJ Imperfect cirru-
/ z\Ja ifcti'in iKUPually
Jue to a weak-
I EL9 '■ -<i heart ac-
/ I SSf tlon. Heart
/ /^ff Weak n • a a
' / If romff from
/ L* "f Nervous r Ex-
/ / 1 hauitlon. Thus
/ / 1 dtxzy spell*.
/A 1 headache*. ci4-
>C O I l\ I rflnr-na. tenden-
JKI rl II \ I cy to faint, are
*\^ I I / \ 1 ur t0 erv ' e
w^*S •/ 111 \ ii Weakness In
>C 7/1 I 111 nenrlyeveryln-
><// If 1• 1 "tam-e. HUD- 1
>C 7/ I' 1 I I TAN cures
\.JI I I 1 I eufh condition!
«/i/ II I a.- the above.
K^JJI 1 II i altlvety and
vSCT 'f .1 II j >-t manently.
\Cjf\ I I I ires f unc-
"]] i I 11 tlonal heart
»IU>VAN :-.v£3:
AM Dru££lStS. tlona that
*^* T » "-"-*-*• nen-r weak-
r'n» hrinrii on. Ncte the Oirurei.— t hey wrlbe
tne weak potnta wtn-n ner\-ra are | Ins way.
«luS«TfSi : nns?X All for ." n *^»«-ner.e con-
' te. loaa
L ?«?v-.r' v pl "" nfl> ' treiaWiiura. exhaui.-
»lr>n. Ht I>TAN m»ke« one feel t»;at life l (
wortil luti*. for it estabM.hen health
:T HT ! DYA >« f rom your rtrurglft: Cf>c a
pcrk.Kr. Mx p-rkare. for 12 U. If y O ur Arc*.
!?F\!ri!v Tv, 1 "" 1 ' lt i •' n'ln ' 1 «""« UHUDTAS
M^'^VrVnc,;^. PP c aT: kt ° n ' EI1 " ™* Market
Consult liudynn doctor^ free
o f chcr^o. Call or write.
the defeated Boers followed would bo
toward Jacobsda&l, on the read to Bloom
fentein. whore the forces from Belmont
and Oraa Pan are Ukeiy to have rallied.
Jacobsdahl lie* near crone to the British
flank to cause some anxiety.
It Is reported that f ght!«-ir has taken
place at Arundel. betvner. General
French's force, which Is advancing; from
Xaauwpoort, and Free State commando.-..
The two relief expeditions now In pro
grrss must net be confused with the fen
eral scheme of Invasion of the Boer re
public. When Klmberley Is relieved most
of Its Inhabitants will go south, and it
will become the advanced base for the
invasion of the Free Slate. Stores of
every kind will have to be. brought from
LX' Aar to Kimberley before any advance
toward the east can begin. This is a
matter of w»-fk.s, not of days.
It seems likely that ttM advance from
Kimberley will be made in conjunction
with an advance of General Caen from
tiif Siromberg district. This advance on
Woemfonteln from Kimberley will with
draw the Free State invaders from Cape
Colony. Hemmed on the Hank by General
Methuen they will retire north, closely
followed by General Gatacre.
Similarly the relief of Ladyamlth will
be the beginning of the Transvaal cam
paign. Whether the main lint- of invasion
will be continued through Natal remains
to be seen. Natal operations .viii be di
rected mainly against the Transvaal
Boers. It Is quite possible that th» defeat
of General Joubert's force prill be fol
lowed by the inva«ion of the Transvaal,
not from the Orange Free State, as orig
inally intended, but from Natal.
TERRIFIC FIRE OF THE
BOERS AT MODDER RIVER
Itpccui t-able to the New For* Herald. Copy
right, ISSS, by J*ui]<-.- Gordon Bennett, lie
i-übMeatlon of this dispatch is prohibited
AH rights re»erved In the I' Tilted State* and
Great Britain.]
LONDON. Dec. 6.— The Daily Telegraph
publishes this dispatch from us special
correspondent:
MODDER RIVER. Thursday afternoon.
Nov. 30.— Lord Methuens troops are at
rest here for a few days after their tre
mendous exertions recently. During the
tight on Tuesday the enemy's lire was
simply terrific throughout the day. Two
of our batteries the Eighteenth and the
S«venty-flfth— bore the brunt of the battle
and discharged no fewer than 2000 rounds,
the Seventy-fifth shelling the town all day
at a range of 1200 yards and at last having
to retire for want of ammunition. Just
before they withdrew a tremendous flro
was concentrated on them by the Boers.
Major Lindsay and Captain Ferrall were
wounded and two men were killed and
eleven wounded.
Twenty-five horses were lost and offi
cers' chargers had to be used to bring the
battery back. Major Lindsay and Captain
Ferrail had to walk out of action. One
gallant driver, though shot through the
lung, drove his gun out. The Maxim de
tachment of the Scots Guard, under Lieu
tenant Elweys, was completely wiped out
when they advanced to attack the en
emy's trenches. So well hidden were the
Boers that our men, though under their
fire, could not se<- them. Lieutenant
Thorpe crossed the river on the left Hank
with a company of Argyle and Sutherland
Highlanders and held his position until
the brigade could cross. The Highlanders*
loss wr.s very severe. They had to move
across to support our left, and as soon as
they showed themselves they were mowed
down. Regardless of the fusillade, how
ever, they went across in a quiet and
leisurely manner.
. am George Nugent cantered about
with orders on a while pony, drawing a
tremendous !ire from the snemy, but he
llously escaped unhurt. !>>rd
Methoen's original lntentiit, \\as to take
the town with the bayonet after dark, t-'it
hi> troops were tOO • <ft.-r thrir
tremendously liac<l duy They had started
without any on i.iained n«.
food or water until Io < lock at night. The
enemy got hl^ jruns awaj . tun left many
lilies and quantities of ammunition be
hind.
We communicated with Kimberley by
means of a searchlight last night. The
bridge over the Modder was destroyed by
>ers, but our engineers are now
putting up their own. The railway was
Uir.iaged. but the engineers repaired
it in wonderfully «juick time.
Methuen Is doing well. The Boers
■ ridge six miles to the
north. The Lancers were in contact with
them to-day.
BOERS TO MAKE A
STAND NORTH OF COLENSO
ISr^cla! Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
rl(tl»t. 1539. by James Gordon Bennett. He
publlcatlon of this dispatch is prohibited.
All rights reserved In the United Slates and
tirent liritaln.]
LONDON. Dec, 6 - The special corre
spondent of the Dally Telegraph sends
i this dispatch:
PIETERMARITZBURG. Thursday.
| Nov. 20.— A farmer from Mooi River, who
was captured by the Boers but subse
quently released, has returned to Est
court. He states that the Tugela railway
bridge has been destroyed, but that the
road bridge still remains intact. From In
formation brought by the farmer it ap
pears that the Boers will in ail proba
bility contest the advance of our troops
immediately north of Colcnso.
BOER VERSION OF THE
MODDER RIVER BATTLE
LONDON, Dec s.— The following Is a
Boer version of the battle of Modder
River:
"PRETORIA. Wednesday. Nov. 29.—
Delary's official report states that a large
force of British yesterday morning at
tacked his commando at Moddcr River.
Heavy fighting lasted for hours. Cronje
and Dclary took up strong positions, the
Free Staters bHng reinforced. Delary
had seventeen killed and wounded. Includ
ing his eldest son. The Free Staters'
louse* are unknown. At dark the Boers
retired slowly to their position*, having
prevented the British from forcing their
way to Kimberley. 11
The War Office to-day received th©-fol-_
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER r>, 1899.
FIELD MARSHAL LORD F. S. KOBbRIS.
It is said that owing to the urgency of affairs in S'>uth Africa, ami th*»
increasing magnitude «.f the scale of operations before him. Lord Rob
erta, the Moond In command in the British army, will < • . in rapreme
command. He will take his experience as commander In chief in the Kanda
har and the Mandate y campaigns with him. and will doubtless find it useful
in thl< last and greatest i;»k of his lung an<i successful car ■• r
!'»w!r.g dispatch from O^ncrnl Forestler
r under ilate of Decen.l»r .':
\L thnen reported that at Mod*
der Ki\«T ht- found twenty-three bodies
a!ul that twenty seven !'"ili<s have since
floated to th* surface «->f the rivr-r. The
people say that BonM bodies WOTC buried
and that others w>-re t.ik> v. <>n mules to
Jacobsdal, where the Knslln wounded
were also takon. Commandant Albreoht's
wafjOn, perfectly fitted up as a phurmucy
and surgery, was captured. The enemy's
k.ps was more than ours ami their morale
■ - D much shaken."
CANADIAN TROOPS CHEERED.
LONDON, Dec 5— A delayed di-:
from Cape Town received to-day descrlkea
the departure of the Canadian contingent
of troopa tor the from. The streets were
kense, eothustaatlo crowdi
lined ili»- prlndpeJ ttieciL Qoverpor Mtl
ner bade the Canadbuia farewell at the
railway station. All the oAeen Individ
ually were presented to the Qovernor, who
waa heartily cheered by the Canadian sol
dier«=. They also tans the national an
them.
A party of thirty-nine Canadians re-
Btalned ;:t Cape Town, as the men had not
! the medical inspection. The <'ar.a
dian contingent will it I iii concert with
the Black Watch and Pea forth Islanders.
MINES FILLING WITH WATER.
riIKTOTUA. De •. 1.-The Standard and
ers' Kews says that on Wednesday
laj»t Ceril Rhodes' dispatches. Intercepted
near Kimberley, said the mines were rill
ing with water ami that Mr. Rhode
mated the damage at $sti.<«oo per day.
Censures Admiral Harris.
LONDON, Dec t— A special dispatch
from Bstcourt censures Hear Admiral Sir
Robert Harris, commander in chief of the
Cap* of Good Hope and West African
squadrons, for his delay In wnrtlm *';.p
tain Bcott and fnptain Lampton with
guns to l.a<l\smlth. "It Is notorious,"
says the correspondent, "that only at the
last moment, on October 30, while
clsive action was pending, did Captain
Lambton (of the Powerful) arriv- at
I-ady smith. A week, a day. a few hours
miKht. and 1 doubt not would, have -
the situation and delayed the Investment
if it had not ended th. Boer attempt."
COLORED MEN RIVAL
SWINDLER MILLER
Officers of a Fake Mining Company
Arrested by Government
Detectives.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Dec. C— W. C. Hender
son and William Edmunds, two executive
officer* of the Wyoming Smelting. Refin
ing. Mining and Investment Company, |
which corporation Is capitalized at 52.000,
000, were arrested at their place of busi
ness on Market street by Government <>iti
oen this afternoon on a warrant charging
them with using the mails for fraudulent
purposes. Deputy United States Marshals
are searching for Joshua C Watson, who
was president of the company. Their
operations are said to have been exten
sive.
The prisoners admit having representa
tives In nearly every State throughout
the West, while they declare they have
gold, silver and lead minus In Kansas and
Wyoming.
Those interested in the company are col
ored men. Henderson was formerly pas
tor of the colored Presbyterian church.
At one time, he says, he was secretary of
the colored branch of the Young Men's
Christian Association.
Tho officers of the Wyoming Refining
and Smelt Company are given as fol
lows: Joshua C Watson, president; Rich
ard D. Waller, secretary, Cheyenne,
Wyo.; Rev. W. C. Henderson, Ph.D., gen
eral agent and manager printing, adver
tising, stationery supply and telegraph
department; William Edmonds, general
manager of the St. Louia branch; William
Vaughn, general collector.
ATTORNEY'S SON IN
JAIL FOR BURGLARY
Landlady in Los Angeles Asserts
That Donald McDonald Stole
Jewelry From Her.
LOS ANGELES, Doc. s.— Donald Mc-
Donald, aped 18 years, son of D. M. Mc-
Donald, • prominent attorney of this city,
was arrested this afternoon and charged
with burglary. It is alleged he stole a
mackintosh and several articles of Jewel
ry from the landlady of the house where
roomed on the corner of Third un<l Grand
avenues. The article*- were found In his
room. McDonald denies his guilt and
says the landlady had access to the room
at all limes and put the articles there
The police claim that other reports have
been received about McDonald In the past
The father says a great Injustice is being
done his eon. If the boy wanted to steal,
he pays, he would not have left the plun
der In his room In the same house It was
taken from. ■ .y- •;•.<■ j . -■ ■■
MURDERS WIFE
AND SMALL SON
Horrifying Crime of Ed
Milllken.
ENDS HIS OWN LIFE ALSO
TERRIBLE TRAGEDY ENACTED
NEAR BAKERSFIELD.
Father. Mother and Little Boy Found
Dead Together and No Reason
for the Deed
Known.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERBFIELD. Dec. ■fif— The dead and
horribly mutilated bodies- of Ed Mlillken.
his wife and five-year-old son were found
yesterday at their home, twenty-three
miles northwest of here, on the Kern
County Land Company's Poso Ranch.
Circumstances point to the conclusion
that the dead man was the perpetrator of
the ghastly deed.
Milllken was In the employ of the Kern
County I. and Company as fence rider and
his wile attended to one of the company's
pumps near their home Milllken had not
been Men tint Sunday evening.
and not being at his post Mon
day morning nor yesterday morn
ing one of the men at the p ....
Ranch neadquartesr was sent three miles
away to ascertain what was th. matter.
On entering the house the man was horri-
Bed to tiinl the bloody corpses of Mil
liken and his family. Milllkens body and
that of the boy were lying on the sofa,
and the wife was stretched on the Kot
with one foot touching the leg of the sofa.
Milllken had been shot twice in the
breast, the boy's throat was slashed from
ear to ear. and the wife's throat was also
frightfully cut. in addition to which she
had been shot beside the nose. In one of
Milliken's hands was a 3S-callber pistol
and In the other a large skinning knife.
The chambers of th- pistol were empty
and the knife reeking with blood.
It Is not known Just when the tragedy
occurred. It Is surmised that It took place
either Just at supper time Sunday even
ing or at breakfast Monday morning, for
the meal was on the table ready for eat
ing. The situation of everything
about the house did not show that there
had been any scuffle. The indications
were thai the man tirst shot the wife and
failing to kill her finished the act by cut
ting her throat. He then turned and dis
patched the hoy. and followed It up by
ending his own life. Such was the verdict
of the Coroner's jury.
Milliken was about thirty years of an
and came to this county with his wife
and boy about two years ago from Craw
ford. Neb. Soon after arriving here he
went to work for the Kern County l..and
Company. He was reputed to be sober
and industrious and in no financial
trouble. Ills relations with his family
were supposed to be agreeable. The wife
Was ■ hard-working woman and made a
salary by attending the pumps. Mllliken
was liked by all his fellow laborers. The
cause of the tragedy is a profound mys
tery.
Fence-riding Is a lonely and arduous
occupation, and It Is surmised that Milll
ken's mind gave way, as have those of
many another line rider, and his mania
took a homicidal turn. The weapons he
used were only such as he might be ex
pected to carry in his occupation, and his
resolution was probably taken on the spur
of the moment without ulterior motive.
RICH PRIZE THROWN
OPEN TO THE WORLD
Parisian Offers 100.000 Francs for
Most Important Discoveries in
Surgery and Medicine.
PARIS. Dec. 5— M. Oscys, a wealthy
Parisian! noted for his charities nnd puh
i lit spirit, has presented to the Institute
<>f Kram •• a sum repreJWUttna; an annual
incom<- of 55.000 francs for a triennial
prize of 100,000 franca for the most r.-
markaiile w.>rk or discovery c,f reneral
Interest, especially in the !i<-Ms of swrc
ery ajid medicine, in exhibition years
The prize is open to all count •
No Bidders for Opium.
HONOLI'LI*. Nov. 25.-The Custom
house officers attempted to sell ;t t au , .
tion huit Saturday about three thousand
tins of opium that have recently been
seized fnm smußslers. The highest bid
received was only EO cents per tin and tlie
stuff has ieen withdrawn from sale. r*ie
Hoard of Health Is at a loss fnr a means
of disposing of It. as the laws of the coun
try do not allow it to be owned here, it
may be destroyed, as haa been done be
fore.
ATTACK
ON VIGAN
GARRISON
Filipinos Slay Eight Ameri
cans and Wound Many
in the Fight.
FINALLY DRIVEN OFF
»
Fears for tin Safety of Various
Small Bodies of General
Young's Troops.
.. DißJ.at.-h t.i TtM »' ■!!
MANILA. Dec. 6.— Last night a force of
Insurgents estimated at MO attacked the
American garrison of 200 at Vlgan, prov
ince of South llocos. The American loss
was eight killed and many wounded. After
Very hard lighting the Filipinos were
driven off, leaving three dead. Colonel
Blsbt-e Is now reinforcing the garrison.
Fears are entertained regarding various
small bodies of General Young's troops
In the province of Abra.
NEW YORK !■•■ A ■• lal cable
gram from Hongkong to the Evening
World sayi thai PUtplnoa there announce
that I ready to sun .'cr if
Consul IVUdman will receive him m
nils. The dispatch adds thai the Filipino
• • ing was In communication
with Affuinaldo last week and advtitd
him hen I i throw himself on the mercy
Of tilt- I I. it. -I S!;il.->.
PLANS FOR ADVANCING
HOUSE FINANCIAL BILL
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— A caucus of
Republican me:nbern of the Houi«e of Rep
resentatives win held to-night to con
sider plans for advancing the House
financial bill. About 110 members. In
cluding Breaker Henderson and all of
the prominent leaders on tho Republican
Bid*, were present. Groavenor of Ohio
asked to be excused from serving as
caucus chairman and Cannon of Illinois
was chosen In his place.
Payne of Nev. r York, a member of the
caucus committee which framed the finan
cial bill, explained how the work had be-m
done in order to facilitate the .work of
Congress and give something tangible
early In the session. Overstreot of In
diana, who presented the bill, explained
it section by section. a.- he proceeded
many questions were asked, mainly by
Hopkins of Illinois, Hepburn of lowa, Hill
of Connecticut and McCleary of Minne
sota, but they were not captious and indi
cated a clear understanding. One of the
questions was as to the effect of a con
tinued depreciation of silver, to which
Overstreet answered thai further depred
ation would be Impossible under the term*
of the bill, as silver could be taken to the
treasury and exchanged for gold, thus
maintaining the parity of the metals.
Overstreet continued his explanations
until 11 o'clock, when. In response to a
Keneral sentiment, the caucus adjourned
until 2p. m. to-morrow. This was to per
mit further debate and was not regarded
as unfavorable to the hill.
— • —
MAJOR ARMSTRONG
IS DEAD AT MANILA
WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— General Otis
ha» Informed the War Department of the
death of Major Frank C. Armstrong, sur
geon of the Thirty-second Infantry, which
occurred yesterday at Manila. Th- cause
of death Is given as lymphatic leuehaemla
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. s.— Major V,
C. Armstrong, surgeon of the Thirty-sec
ond Regiment, died at Manila yesterday
of lymphatic leuehaemla. according to a
cablegram received In this city to-duy
by the father of Mis. Armstrong.
Major Armstrong was about 40 years old
and was a well-known physlci.m and sur
geon of SI Dorado. Kans. He was ap
pointed surgeon of the Twenty-first Kan
sas Volunteer Regiment when the war
with Spain broke out and made so good a
record thai he was appointed to the banre
office In (he Thirty-second regimem wh-*n
it organised. Armstrong sallea from Ban
Francisco with his regiment October 1,
hls«wife following two weeks later.
♦
LATEST CASUALTIES IN
THE AMERICAN ARMY
WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— General Otis*
latest casualty list is as follows:
MANILA, Dae. s.— Casualties not previously
reported:
Killed in action— Hollo. Panay. November 2L
Men Fletcher, ■*, Eighteenth Infantry. *•
Wounded in action— Hollo. November 14,
George I). Doble. Nineteenth Infantry, abdo
men, severe; .-ktrmlHli road to San Nicholas.
November 19. Third Cavalry. K. Joseph F.
Mangold, Ipk, slight: John J. Fallrs. elbow.
*llKht; Dennis Wood, back, slight; Itufua A.
Jackson I*-K. slight; It. A Martin, buttock,
slight: action, Inms, November 25. August
Her* F. Fifth Artillery, shoulder, slight; ac
tion vicinity Nosarlo. November 14. Thirteenth
Infantry. K. Albert Captlrk, corporal, le*.
plight; Charles White, abdomen, severe; La,
John G. Fritz, arms, severe; B. Ulysses 11.
(Jrann legs slight; action. San Pedro, Maga
lang. Barton Witt, sergeant. B. Seventeenth
infantry, thumb. Might; November 5. Claude
M Mansfield K. Fourth Cavalry, foot, "light.
HUGHES CONTINUES TO
ADVANCE NORTHWARD
MANILA. Dec. 3.— General Hughes now
occupies Santa Barbara and Cabutuan.
island of Panay, his lines extending
thirty-five miles north of Hollo. He has
occupied twenty towns. The inhabitants
ar • returning with whit- Man*, their
fear of the Americans diminishing us
tiny barn that they will be well treated.
It IS impossible to tfet the InSUTgCntS to
tight. They ar<- retreating to th.- mount
ains, and no more organised resistance Is
expected. Th- artlllerj wagon mules are
being used Tor packing- Water buffaloes
also are being used for tins purpose. Gen
eral Hughes continues advancing north
and spreading his lines.
ELECTIONS IN FIFTEEN
MASSACHUSETTS CITIES
BOSTON". Dec. s.— The feature of the
municipal election in fifteen of the thirty
two cities in the State to-day was the
lidded triumphs of the socialists. Last
year the Socialist Democrats captured
Haverhill. and this year Brockton was
added to the column. Candidates In other
cities made respectable showings, and the
vole which they received materially af
fected th« other contestants.
As .1 rule the Republicans were success
ful. Qulncy being reclaimed from the Dem
ocrats arid the Independent candidates
defeated in other cities by substantial
majorities. ■ ■.; ■-.'-_■ ■
Fall River elected a Republican Mayor
by 312 majority, and two thirds of ; the
Aldermen and Councilmen are Republi
cans.
Springfield elected "W. P. Hayes (Dem.)
Mayor by "■- majority. .Eight Democratic
anu ten Republican Councilman were
chosen. >->. •_:•'.'.•
As usual, there was much Interest man
ifested In the license vote, and there were
three surprises when the vote was count
ed. Taunton changed over from license to
no license, while Waltham and Fltchburgr.
which have for some time been "dry
towns," voted this year for "wet goods."
Nearly all the cities voted in favor of
making eight hours a day's labor for city
employes. . ' .
Santa Barbara's New Mayor.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec k,— The first
election under the mw charter, which
goes into effect January 1. was held to
day, resulting In the election of 'J. A.
Sturke for Mayor.
DR. KILMERS SWAMP ROOT.
Kidney Trouble
Preys Upon the Mind.
Women as Well as Men Suffer and Are Made Miserable
by Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
3 !• k^-.. /•; !'
Thousands of Have Kidney Troub c Before !li:v :u peel it.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind,
discourages and :•*-- us ambition;
beauty, v: radu<
ally disappear when the kidneys an
of order.
Kidney trouble has become so preva-
lent that it is not uncommon for -i i hild
to be born afflicted with weak k:
Pains, acnes and rheumatism come
from excess of uric acid in the
due to neglected kidney trouble.
Kidney trouble often causes qu
unsteady heart -beats and males one
feel BS thOUgn they had heart tr
because the bear! hi over worked in
pumpins thick, kldney-polsoned
through the veins and artei
I'nhealthy urine from unhealthy kid-
neys H th.- Chief CattSe Of bladder trou-
ble, followed by suffering BO painful to
many that life is made miserable
The bladder is situated in front of
and very dose to the womb, and for
that reason any pain, distress, dh
or inconvenience manifested in the kid-
neys, back, bladder or urinary pi
is often by mistake attributed t.. (-.
male weakness or womb trouble of
some sort. The error Is easily made
and may be as easily avoided by pay-
ing B little attention to the condition
Of the urine.
Till a bottle, or common glass with
your urine and let It stand tw.-nty-four
hours; a sediment or settling Indicates
an unhealthy condition of th> kidneys;
if It stains the linen it Is evidei
kidney trouble; too frequent desire to
pass it or pain In the back. dull, heavy
headache; nervousness. Irritability,
plenty of ambition but no strength.
weak circulation, sallow complexion
DOUBTFUL OF
ENGLAND'S FUTURE
Dr. Ross Says Morals
Have Retrograded.
Special Dispatch to Tl:» Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Deo. 5-
Dr. Edward a. Bo— . head of the econom
ics department in Stanford, and who re
cently returned from a year's study
abroad, lectured before the students to
night on "Imperialism in England."
In comparing the English people with
ourselves socially, the speaker said that
they were more conscientious, humane
and fonder of conventionality than the
Americans. Economically they were the
most dependent people In the world, as
two-thirds of their food and clothing sup
plies bad to come across the sea. The
dominant Idea among the English people,
he said. Is that the final disposition of the
planet is now being made and that to I**
the rulers of the world they must get the
major portion of its surface. This idea
has swept England from her moorings and
bean her farther each year Into the
depths of imperialism. This policy whs
also bolstered up by the nobility, who
needed the 18,000 places provided by the
civil service in India to preserve their sons
from the trades.
"In order to maintain this policy." said
the speaker, "England starved her schools
TO
1 HOW TO BE STRONG
G &]HF^\ Wherever you see a strong, ro-
* W* 9 4 bjst man w^° IS the ver p'ctura
c -A °' health, you say to yourself.
• j x <r-*p jhte^^^ "^^ " ' were on 'y '" cc * > ' m '"
% iSS —$*** N MfM&iT^bvi That is natura '- He Is the envy of
* /^?^^^?J3^ . A mVrlffWlw every weak man ' My " ttle book,
S /&S^^^k' K^SSJjJr^ " THREE CLA?S£3 0F wen."
* £^K&L /■ « ji" B^r9l9Um which is sent free to any address.
* F- Z}jots!'Z }jot$ ! ' "^^MBmrnffifr^ft* "5" 5 how ycu can becom * stron .^
;^^^^)^^^Br EL£Crff/C BELT.
/i* |VSV S It tells how thousands have been
11l & v^"^^jf&^&L^ cure^ b y the wonderful current cf
I^^'m^T^f^^^X electricity which is forced Into
y^^^Hu^YwK^ m every P art °' th) to(iy ' tnd mv patent
l^tM^'- -j4_L3 electrode covering prevents the dreadful
vZ3rs*'J BURNING and BLISTERING so corrmoi
>^g fv^3' with other belts. Write to-day for th?
( jutlt Mf& bo o^ or call at my office and consult ma
Wl at *$ ' re 3 °' char 5 e - f " ce our^ — 9 t0
DR. T. A. SANDEN,
18 Third St., San Francisco, Cal.
■ZfiT~' %%?£** 4&o3^^ : ' N " 1^ ll»!i Swthßjriaf Strut, i Bunl BaUilaf.
•^ v "v = sSiSr v^>^ !«• AngilM. CiL I F.rtlM<. Or. '
'■ th.it th»
■ n.
The symptoms you have noticed ar%
th»- datigtr signals n;itur«» yets to show
that the tra<k of health Is not clear.
•M |dS
a life m and
look « ••'! ; . hare
trouble.
Bright'l -ll -:i«e. v hi. h :•• . ■
human liv-s than | | dla-
■
Tb re ts comfort in knowing thit r>r
Kilmer's Bwamp-Root, th- great
remedy, fulfills "very ui.«h in promptly
curing khlney, bladdet and uric acid
troubl
Bwamp-Rool Is I '• rful n*w
discovery of the eminent k)
cialist. Dr. Kilmer, and Is ÜBSd in th-
leading hospitals, recomn
skillful physicians in their nervate
practice, and Is tak- • | .rs them-
- who bare kidney aUmewti
crass the] reeog] ./ b r ■'■
and most soccessful remedy th.v medt-
MMM >■ h.i- B able to COBB«
pound.
To prove what Swamp-Root will do
for you, send at once to Dr. Kilmer a
Co.. Binßhamton. X. V.. who will gladly
send you free by mall Immediately,
without cost to you. a sample bottle
of Swamp-Hoot and a book of wonder-
ful Swamp-Root testimonials. Be sur«
to say that you read this article In the
San Francisco Dally can.
Swamp-Ko.it is •
over r» t druutala it
nri'l tWO J>rl< -s -M emtl an. l J
member Urn name, Swamp-Root, an«t
the ad'lre<«<«. Hlnichnmton. N. I
to build battleships, whll* conscription
must soon be reported to in order t<» till
her armies. The future of the British
empire Is doubtful and procsrrious. with
her most critical period to be passed
within the next twenty-five years. Her
bigness Is not a source of strength. nn<!
to-day fifty million* of whites alone could
be depended upon to defend her vast terri
tory. Three powers cmild overturn Brit
ain s rule— the t'nlted States. Russia or a
Continental naval combination. AH the
talk of an Anglo-American alliance has
come from the other side, and at a time
when th»»y need our aid Just after th»>
battles of Santiago and Manila Bay have
proved the prow • of our weapons. Eng
land has six perils to our one. so why
should we Incur the hostility of her many
enemies? An alliance with this country
would Instantly br capitalized by her. Our
ndnhlp can do for England nil that H
Ju*t: the rest had better Ik* left undone"
In closing. Dr. K^ss stated that the la«t
twenty-five years had undoubtedly sem
a positive decline In national morals nnil
that he hoped America would not aban
don her former admirable position and
enter the general scramble after the terri
tory of the weaker nations.
PIERRE DE SAISSET DEAD.
Deceased Was a Prominent Artist of
mis State.
BAN JOSE. Dec-. 5-Ernest Pierre ,i.,
Salsset. a talented young artist known
throughout the State. I* dead. He w.i«
the son of Pedro da Salsset and was U5
years of age. After studying art In this
city and San Francisco for.a time he wont
to Europe and studied under Bougreau
and G<?rome. 1 1.- returned here about
three years ago. Deceased hud done sonv*
excellent work and his pictures had b*en
exhibited In Ban Francisco and otlvr
places He had been In ill health for
some time.
56
WEDNESDAY .DECEMBER 6. 1899
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
limn \Tlo> OKFICIS... Market and Third, S. F.
I<• I r|,|,n 11. Mi, 11, ISJSJB,
1 linom M. nOOMfI 217 to 221 Strvrmoii St.
Trlrpliono Main 1874.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Miißl<* Copies, r» Cent*.
Term* l»> Mail, Including I*on facet
D 411,1 « M I. Iml ins JSnnday). one year. .30.00
DAILY All. < ln<-lu<!lni£ Sunilii> >. It month* . . BJjM
DAILY « til. ilncladinK Mind*) I, :i month*.. LM
DAILY CALL — Ily Sine If Month rt»o
MMIAY CALL One Year J. 50
WKI2KLY CALL one Year 1.00
All poalmattcri are nntborlrtd to receive
■ abacrlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
" 4K I %M» (Hill nils nlmi
C CBORGB KROOXCSS,
;i«nnitfr Foreign AdvertUlnor. Marunette Butld-
Injr. Vnlca«o.
jnSW TOKK COIIRISSPOXni3XTi
C. O. CARLTOX ..Herald Square
XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
IKRRY LI'KE.\S Jll 29 Tribune nuliiliiiß
CHICAGO M• \\ «• STAADSt
Iherouu House; P. O. >c«» Co.i Great Tforth
era Boirli Fremont Ho«in Auditorium Hotel.
JCEW YORK >E\VS STAJVDSi
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel j A. Hrentano. SI Union
fqnarei Murray Hill Hotel. -
DIIASCII OFFICE*— Montgomery i>treet, cor- ■
ncr Clay, open until 0:30 o'clock. :«OO Hayes
street, open until O:3O o'clock. 039 McAllinter >
•treet, open until ot3o o'clock. 010 I.arkln
•tre«t. open until Ot3O o'clock. 1041 Mlnslon
atreet. open until 1O o'clock. 2201 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 1) o'clock.
lOIXS Valencia street, open until it o'clock.
100 Eleventh street, open until 8 o'clock.
SW. comer Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until » o'pjock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrhi^jm— Vaudrrllle.
Orpheum— ld aid of the Charity Fund of the Aococlated
rfceatrloaJ Manair»ra, Thursday afternoon, December 14.
Columbia— "Ffcenandoah."
CVllfornla— "An Enemy to th* Kln» "
Tl\t)ll— and Tartar" Saturday rTealnc.
Orand Ot>era House— "His Majesty."
AJ^xar "Mother Earth."
Alhumbra "Mr. Plaater of Part» "
Chutes. Zoo utid Theater— VnuJirtllo eTtry afternoon and
•vealas
Olynsrla, corner Manon and Ellis -Specialties.
Central Park— Htefplcchase and Coney Island.
Panorama Dattle of Manila Bay, Market street, near
El«hth.
•■■tern Turf Aw 'latlon. San Mat- County— Wen.
AUCTION SALES.
Hy A. W. Iriuderbark— This day. at 2 and 8 d. m.. Turkish
Hue*, at 117 Sutter street.
lijr Fulhvan & IVyle— This day. at 11 o'clock, at 227 Sixth
streK, Iliinum.
Py l^*ton. EMriiJce & Co.— Tuesday. December 1!. at 12
o'clock. Heal r>etnte. at C3S Market street.
ORGANIZED FOR PROGRESS.
UJ ITH the nnion of the various improvement
/ clul'S of the city in one association for the
purpose of working more , effectively for
progress a new and potent factor has been introduced
into the campaicn fur municipal improvement now
going on. The new organization is in itself an im
provement upon past conditions and give? promise
of achieving great results for the public good.
In the mass meeting which followed the organiza
tion of the Central Club the popular sentiment in
favor of progress and improvement vras abundantly
manifest. The speakers of the evening dealt in de
tail with every issue that is to be voted upon at the
coming elections, and upon each point had the sym
pathies of the audience with them. It is to be noted,
moreover, that the gathering was a thoroughly repre
sentative one. and may be justly considered to have
expressed the sentiment of the whole progressive ele
ment of the community.
As the force of the silurian opposition to the new
movement is directed mainly against the proposals
for extending and improving the park system, it
was natural the speakers should leal moTe particu
larly with that me. The arguments for it were
clearly and strongly presented and were fully appre
ciated by the assembly. The proposed new school
buildings, sewers and hospitals arc of course needed,
but they are not more requisite than the park exten
sions, nor will they serve for the benefit of a larger
number of the people.
With the impulse given by this meeting to the
movement toward popular education on the subject
it is reasonable to expect' the campaign of education
will go briskly on. The various improvement club*
have already attested their value to the districts which
they serve. They have accomplished many notable
f accesses in the special lines of work they have un
dertaken, and now that they are banded together for
this greater work there can be no doubt their efforts
will result in victory. The whole work, however,
nm<t not be left to the association. Every citizen is
concerned in the measures proposed, and each in pro
portion to his energies and opportunities should aid
in the campaign. It is to be. borne in mind that a
two-thirds vote in favor of the improvements will be
necessary to carry them.- Let all progressive citizens
therefore join in the work and help to make success
certain.
School Director Kemp prefers evidently to be
looked upon as a city chump ;vho let a golden oppor
tunity go by through sheer ignorance rather than as
a country gentleman who saw double eagles like
sunbeams pass by him with not sense enough to
catch a few. .
trine to be carried out in
the Philippine* at the ratio of sixteen to one judging
from yevterd,-, dispatches, which state
that Lieutenant Mm.ro captured the garrison of
r,ght hundred men at B. ly ,, m bong with a force , |
1
Secretary Root, in his annual report, suggests the
establishment of a war college that will raise the
National Guard to greater efficiency.. He has pro
ablj not met our Adjutant General Seamans or he
would tremble at the prospect in California.
The friends of Colonel Chadbourne know now why
Governor Gage refused to let the doughty colonel
keep his gold brick even as a memento. II: Ex
cellency has resided the brick and Ins handed it to
Frank Rs-an of Sacramento. "
the death it reported in New )m»y of James I
-aid to have been worth $40,000,000 In
liis lifetime he never visited a theater or attended a
ball game. Who would be a millionaire at such a
sacrifice?
The entire absence of reliable news from the Trans
vaal is alarming the English They confess they are
completely in the dark. How could they help being
Qtbcrwisa— in Africa?
ThjE MESSAGE.
THE great length of the President's message
niakfs its rcvie^- in one article impossible.
The matters in it of fir«t interest relate to the
- that have arisen in the Spanish war, and to the
proposed financial legislation by Congress. The
President takes the view, which The Call has con
•y urged, that now is the time for such legisla
tion He says the present situation is the most fit
ting time to make adequate provision to insure the
continuance of the gold standard, that public confi
dence may be promoted in the ability and purpose of
the Government to meet all of its obligations in the
mrney recognized by the civilized world as the best
He admits that while, "happily, we are not at
Dt compelled to resort to loans to suocly gold,
it has been done in the past and may have to be done
In the future, and it behooves us, therefore, to pro
vide the Ikm means to meef the emergency when it
. and the best meant are tho«e which are the
• certain and economical Those now authorized
j have neither the virtue of directness nor economy."
He then recommends the measures proposed for
financial reform, which have been so recently dis
cussed in detail in these columns. Incident to his dis
cussion of finance occurs a recommendation for ex
tension pf the protective policy of the Government to
the restoration of American shipping. The reasons
Mich policy have accumulated during the past
year, in which a less percentage of our commerce
was carried in American bottoms than ever before.
His first reference to the change produced by the
Spanish war contains what may be an inadvertence,
• or something intended to be interpreted by what fol-
I lows further on. In discussing our representation at
! the Paris Exposition the message says: "I am in
formed by our Commissioner General that we shall
have in the American sections at Paris over 7000 ex
hibitors, from every State in our country — a num
ber ten times as sreat as at Vienna in 1573. six times
U great as at Paris in 1878, and four times as many
as at Paris in iß3q. This statement does not include
exhibits from either Cuba, Porto Rico or Hawaii,
for which arrangements have been' made."
The inclusion of Cuba with the other annexed pos
nd unexplained, will not tend to
piacate the rising resentment of the masses in that
inland. The next reference to Cuba i« to the effect
that the withdrawal of Spain from thnt island left it
held by the United Stitos in tru<t for the inhabitants,
with such government provided by the executive.
ing the execution of the pledge to leave the gov
ernment and control of the island to its people, which
>c sacredly kept." The President then
refers to tile ties which bind Cuba to us as of singular
intimacy and strength, and says that "whether I
(hall be organic or conventional the destinies of
Cuba are in some rightful form and manner irre
vocably linked with our own. but how and how far
is for the future to determine in the ripeness of
events." After saying that we must see to it tint
i* a reality and not a name, other qualifi
cations follow to the effect that free Cuba must not
be a "hasty experiment." a "loosely framed common
wealth to face the vicissitudes which too often atten-1
states whose natural wealth and abundant resources
■•set. by the incongruities of their political organ
". ' N*o.vhere does the message use the terms
r.ment or independence for Cuba, which
are "the sacred pledge" of this Government, though
there is a vague mention of a representative conven
lh a general system of independent
:i-l. after a long list of other
things have been accomplished.
While this part of the message is tentative, vague
• .egative, .1 careful analysis discloses the weight
of the Presidential indorsement thrown in the scale
tor the retention of the is'and by the United States.
The conditions precedent to a representative con
vention are such as imply the adoption of the
Fabian policy, of waiting until the Cuban aspiration
for that independence which Congress declared was
already and of right oug-ht to be theirs shall hay;
lieen extinguished in discouragement and delay. The
added recommendation that the products of Cuba
shall have free acce-s to our markets, to the extent
■ ttteh products of other West Indian islands are
admitted free by reciprocity, is in line with such
analysis, and will cause certain foreboding among
our agricultural and horticultural producers.
The message puts our military force in the Philip
pines at 2051 offrcrs nnd 63,483 men; in Cuba at
JU4 • • men; in Pono Rico at 87
•rs and 2555 men; in Hawaii 12 officers and 453
men. a total army of 80.071 required in what are
:':,er on referred to as '^ur island possessions."
In reference to the Philippines an overlooked fact
is recalled by the message. It says that the treaty
! of Paris provided "that the civil rights and political
statue of the native inhabitants of the territory so
ceded to the United States should be determined by
the Congress of the United States." It will be seen
•that under 'this provision Congress is competent to
j give qualified and progressive independence to the
j people of those islands; but the President proceed",
to apparently conclude the polic* eJ>. this Government
ir. a lons statement of events in the islands: the
righteousness of the war of conquest is asserted, and
the Pre-ident refrains from making any recommenda
tion to Congress, and seems to indicate clearly that
it shall reserve or abdicate its function of fixing the
civil rights and political status of the natives, and
leave that in his hands. The celebrated agreement
•vith the Sultan of Sulu is handled gingerly. The.
menage admit * that the Sultan acknowledges the
-eignty of the United States, is pa id a salary of
$760 a month, and that the treaty provides that any
«lave in the Sulus shall have the right to purchase
hit freedom "by paying his master the usual market
value." The President ajrs: "I have ratified this
agreement, subject to the action of Congress, an.l
with the reservation, which I have directed shall be
conveyed to the Sultan of Jolo. that this agreement
is not to be deemed in any way to authorize or give
consent to the existence of slavery in the Sulu ar
chipelago" As it does not abolish slavery, but per
mit 1 - its existence, it is difficult to see that this reser
vation amounts to anything.
With some voluptuous references to the great
wealth of the islands and our beneficent presence
there the rafajttl is dismissed, in no more satisfac
tory form than it was before. Congress is urged to
I Something for tfawatt, if only to erect there a
Federal judicial district, through which access may
be had to the courts of the United States.
Those who expected any recommendation of the
extension of our constitutional system and its guar
antees, the projection of republican government to
what are frequently called "our new possessions,"
will be disappointed.
HtheWeatures of the message, with an important
bearing on domestic matters, will await further
reference.
If the remainder of the Boers are all like General
Joobeti it is easy to see the finish of the British in
South Africa. No less than four times in as many
weeks the commander in chief of the burghers has
been reported dead again.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6. 1899.
OUR INTERESTS fIT WASHINGTON*
S^ ALIFORXIA'S interests at Washington will be
l^ guarded by a delegation which on the whole
is one of the strongest we have ever had at the
national capital. We have not yet learned the value
of electing the same Representatives term after term
to as to have men of experience as well as of natural
ability in the House, but we have improved upon the
past, and in this Congress will have several members
who have long been in the service and have acquireJ
the friendship and the favor of delegates from other
States upon whom they can rely for assistance in
promoting California measures.
In interviews published in The Call yesterday the
Representatives from the State presented briefly some
of the measures of local interest they hope to be able
to carry successfully. Mr. Loud will endeavor to
bring about the removal of Blo3som and Anita
' rocks, which are the only serious impediment to
navigation in San Francisco harbor, and to procure
lent appropriations for the early completion of
the lonp-desired Federal building in this city; Mr.
K.ihn will give a large part of his energies to the
various questions of commerce which will arise dur
| ing the session and will be among the most zealous
in supporting a bill for the rehabilitation of our mer
! chant marine; Mr. Barham purposes to make a fight
| for immediate action on the Nicaragua canal bill, and
to that end will move to abolish the new commission
that has been appointed to reinvestigate the subject,
j it being his opinion as well as that of other earnest
| acrocates of the canal that we have had commissions
enough and it is now time to act; Mr. Waters' ef
i forts will be directed toward hastening the completion
j of the work at San Pedro harbor, and he will also
j support the movement to provide a Federal system
of irrigation for our arid lands; Mr. de Viries will
carry on the fight of the mining men for the passage
of what is known as the "California mineral lands
bill," and will also favor legislation for the protec
tion of forests; Mr. Needham will seek to obtain
appropriations needed to complete the jetty at San
Diego harbor and also a quarantine station— he is
also largely interested in Indian education and in the
irrigation of arid lands and will give much attention
to those subjects;' Mr. Metcalf will be among the
most active in upholding local interests during the
s-csion, and among other measures of importance to
the State will endeavor to obtain extensive appropria
r improvements at Mare Island.
It will be seen from these statements that our Con
gressmen have not gone to Washington neglectful of
the interests of the State. Each has some measure of
local advantage to urge upon the House so far as it
isible to do so. There are reasons for believing
that the work of the delegation so far as these strictly
Californian interests are at issue will be harmonious.
No party questions are involved in them, and for
their attainment the entire delegation should work
together.
c PROSPECTIVE IMPROVEMENT.
EX GENERAL feeling of gratification followed the
I V announcement of the sale of the entire Baldwin
Hotel site to a capitalist who can be reasonably
expected to erect thereon a building that will be an
ornament to the city and worthy of the conspicuous
position the site occupies on our main thoroughfare.
Real estate transfer! of such nature as this are al
ways more or less matters of public concern. When
the Baldwin Hotel burned down there was left in the
aspect of the city a gap that made the face of the
town look as if it had a tooth knocked out. The
fragments of the oH structure which were permitted
to remain so long after the fire were eyesores and
to some extent a menace. Then followed the prob
ability that the lite would be piven over for years
to cheap and comparatively worthless structures, and
that one of the finest corners in the city would be
sacrificed to petty trade and made something like a
■ii^i/race to the municipality.
All such fear* are now happily over. In the pos
session of Mr. Flood the Bfoperty will soon be put
to right use. What manner of structure he will erect
is of course for him to determine. The public is
satisfied in the assurance that it will be a building
which will add to the architectural magnificence of
the city. The transfer of the property conies at a
time when a spirit of improvement and enterprise is
everywhere felt, and there are good reasons for
hoping the new owner will endeavor to raUe upon it
a structure that will stand as typical of the movement
which marks the new era in our municipal develop
ment.
Representative Corliss of Michigan is about to re
ne.v Ins effort to induce Congress to provide for th<
construction o* a cable from San Francisco to
Manila by way of Honolulu and Guam. He has a
bill already prepared and will introduce it at once
Now. if he will only attach one of those justly celc
brated Corhss engines to the measure he may be able
to rush it through.
In view of the Sunday remarks of Rev C R
Brown of Oakland denying the fall of man and' de
eming Mo.es of the credit of the authorship of the
Pentateuch, it is in order to move to change the title
of his church from the First Congregational to the
Second Unitarian.
The ephemeral worth of fame and friendship has
been strikingly demonstrated in a recent raid of the
Boers A party of pnrsuing British soldiers dis
covered that in a dismantled dwelling the Boers had
used a picture of Gladstone for a door mat
The Critical part of the war in the Philippines seems
to have degenerated into ,- discussion between
opposing generals over a telegraph wire. It is prob
able that the Fihpmos consider that distance lends en
chantment to the talk.
A football player named Pulvermascher had his
face stepped on recently in a New Jersey game and
was Mrionsbr hurt. A man owning a name like that
ought to be reasonably safe from danger in any kind
of a mtx-up.
Apparently the taste for Thanksgiving dinners has
invaded the animal kingdom. A Mann County
panther tried last Thursday afternoon to make a holi
day meal of a Camp Taylor woodchopper.
The next festal day for California will be that
which opens at San Jose the celebration of the or
ganization of the State government, and it promises
to be a lively introduction for Christmas.
Murderer Suisscr says he expects to drop through
the gmllows into the infernal region. He seems to
have a better conception of what he deserves- than his
forircr conduct would indicate.
The silver Republicans have decided to hold a na
tional convention of 2000 delegates. They probably
want to see how the whole party will look in one hall.
Captured natives serenaded the American troops a
few days ago in Manila. The tune was probably a
Filipino version oi "Take Your Clothes and Go"
MAKING READY
FOR SANTA FE
FREIGHT CARS
How They Will Reach
the City.
The busy life of the water front will
receive another marked boom when the
Santa Fe freight traffic directly reaches
San Francisco early next year. There
will be a big: transformation in the ap
pearance of the front in the neighborhood
of Main-Btreet wharf, where the Santa Fc
freight terminus has been located, and
the life of a big freight depot will be
strung daily by scores of trucks along
south-of-Markct streets.
The Santa Fe authorities and the Har
bor Commissioners are driving the work
of getting the wharves and docks as
signed to the company ready for use, and
for several days the work of clearing the
depot block bounded by Bryant, Spear,
Main and Harrison streets of building-*,
■grading for tracks and getting the.
freight depot building Into shape has
gone rapidly on.
The Santa Fe freight cars are not to be
brought from the bay terminus at Point
Richmond to the city on big ferry-boats
like the Thoroughfare and Transit of the
Southern Pacific system. Instead, "car
floats," or big barges with cartracks laid
on them and hauled by strong tugboats
will be used. Such car floats are used
elsewhere, but will be new out here. Two
floats and one tugboat will be ready for
work when the line is ready. The floats
will be long and narrow, with a length of
240 feet. Each will have three tracks, the
outer ones with a capacity of six cars and
the center one of five.
The work of remodeling the wharf and
building the Blip for the floats is well
along. The tugboat will shove a float
into a slip, where an apron 100 feet long
will connect with the front end of the
float and over which a yard engine will
pass the cars. Two tracks will lead from
the slip across Bryant street to the depot
block.
On this block the old rookeries and
water-front grog shops have all disap
peared. The only building left standing
is a big two-story brick warehouse 137 by
275 feet in size on the corner of Harrison
and Spear streets, and out of this the
freight depot building is now being made.
Big doors are being broken into the sides,
where trucks will receive and deliver
freight. Four tracks will run the length
of the ground floor, with a narrow plat
form along the center and a broad one
along each side.
It has been supposed along the front
that the whole block would be roofed, but
for the present no buidlngs will be erected
and the rest of the space in the block,
which is 275 by 560 feet in size, will be
largely tilled with sidetracks along which
team tracks will run and from which
much unloading and loading of cars will
be done. There will also be a derrick
track, where heavy goods may be handled
with a derrick.
This Is the extent and style of the San
ta Fe freight terminal now. The company
also owns a fragment of the water front
'block on the corner of Harrison and Spear
streets, but It will not be utilized until oc
casion requires. The. Harbor Commis
sioners do not expect that the company
will ever utilize the China Basin conces
sion. This one block looks small for a
transcontinental freight terminus when
compared with the Southern Pacific yard*,
but whatever the Santa Fe people expect
to do in the future about more room when
It is needed they are keeping to them
selves.
The Santa Fe people now want to make
Main street wharf their ocean steamship
terminal as well. They have asked the
Harbor Commission to roof the entire
wharf., which Is 563 feet In length, and to
give them Its exclusive use. The matter
Is still under consideration, bat will prob
ably be done. Th« company wants to run
tracks from its depot grounds alone the
length of this wharf, which would- bo
bringing: ship and car together in an ex
c«ptionnlly convenient way. This shows
that the- Santa F*- expects to do a large
. trans- Pacific business with Its steamers
from this port. If it gets the Main street
wharf its carloads of cotton can be
quickly placed at a steamer's side and Its
shiploads of tea and silk loaoV.l directly
Into ear9,_jvhich will h* crossing the bay
after a f?w minutes' switching.
■When the Santa Fe starts its freight
business In the city according to the**
plans two loner wharves and one dock and
half of another, which • are now daily
crowded with vessels, will he subtracts
from the wator front facilities, already
Inadequate to the general demand for
room.
SCOTT WORE A FALSE
MUSTACHE THAT NIGHT
PASSED COUNTERFEIT HALVES
ON CONDUCTORS.
Had Not Toiled. Neither Had He
Spun, for the Past Two Years,
and Has a Bad Brother.
Frank Scott, accused of paxslng coun
terfeit half-dollars upon conductors of
the Sutter street cars, was held yesterday
afternoon by United States Court Com
missioner Heacock to answer before tae
Federal Grand Jury.
Scott was positively identified by three
car conductors as the man who passed tne
counterfeit half-dollars upon them on tne
night of November IS. They identified
him by his light clothes, a scar on his
fare and a gold ring with a red setting
that he wore. The only variation was tlie
fact that the prlnoner was cl<*an-Pha\ »-il
vrlien arrested, while he wore a light mus
tache on the night of the 18th.
His barber ajid a, man who keeps a cigar
stand on the corner of Kearny and Pine
streets testified yesterday that Scott had
been clean-shaved for live months.
Judge Heacoek was of the impression
that tho prisoner wore a false mustache
on the night In question. The fact tnat
Scott had not worked for two years past
ainl had no visible means of support and
the further fact that his brother, Charles
Scott, has been held to answer for pac
ing :i gilded cent piece as a ten-dollar coin
added weight to the false mustache the
ory.
BOAT-OWNERS PROTEST.
Pumping Coal Tar in the Bay Injures
Their Boats.
A protest was yesterday sent to the
Board of Supervisors by a number of
lioatownerß having large interests in the
North End, against the action of the
Equitable Oas Company pumping coal tar
Into the bay at the foot of Montgomery
avenue. The protest states that the ad
hesive qualities of the coal tar causes It
to smear and spoil the appearance of
l. .its whose owners have for mercantile
purposes and otherwise been keeping their
boats near the works of the i-mnpany
Also that it has ruined the business of
persons who have been maintaining surf
swimming baths and prevents others from
enjoying swimming In the vicinity The
protest Is signed among others by br V
P. Buckley. A. Bunner, commanding th*
Golden Gate, and Hartley and J. McFar
land, commander of the I'nited States
steamer Geoi'gQ M. Stornberg.
Cal. glace fruit soc per lb at Townsend^s.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses i.nd public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Holiday Goods.
Our entire) display of holiday fronds now
ready for inspection. Frames, stationery,
leather goods, toilet articles and artists'
materials on first floor. Pictures, lamps
onyx tables, statuary and children's
games and books on second floor. Albums
toilet cases and celluloid novelties on
third floor. Take elevator. Sanborn Vail
& Co., 741 Market street.
Officer- Elected.
Golden Gate Council of the Order of the
Cho«-n Friends has elected the following
named as Its office™ for the ensuing term: F.
A. Jackson, councilor; ' Miss •A. B. Shea, vice
councilor; Max Boehm. recording secretary (re
elected); Mrs. C. Cator, treasurer (re-elected);
Mrs. J. B. Hou*hton. prelate; Mrs. C. Can
trell, marshal; Mrs. B. Shea, warden: H. H«ch
trum, guard; Mrs. M. I>owninr, sentry ire
el-cted); Mrs. C. Beers, orsanlst.
The following named have been elected offi
ce™ of Apollo Lodge Xo. 123 of the Independent
Order of Odd FVllowa f<T the ermulnic term:
W. A. Urnbaugh, noble grand: H. H. Zobel.
vice crand: \V. F. Tt nri [iw, secretary ire
el**cted); Frank V. Cox. treasurer; Dr. II L
Curtis, W. C. Johns, n asd John E. Altklna.
trustees. L>r. D. A. HuUghead is the retiring
noble grand.
MRS. JANE STANFORD
BACK FROM THE EAST
CONFIRMS THE REPORTS OF
THE BIG STOCK SALE.
Pacific Improvement Deal May Not
Be Consummated for a Year Yet.
A Hitch in the Price.
Mrs. Jane Stanford returned to the city
yesterday morning, after an extended ab
sence in Europe and the East. She re
turns in excellent 'health, having been
nruch benefited by the change of scene
and climate that she has experienced
during her trip.
The sale of her interests in the Southern
Pacific Company is now an old story, but
there may be a new one soon about her
holdings in the Pacific Improvement Com
pany, concerning the sale of which Mrs.
Stanford yesterday admitted there had
been some talk, though nothing definite
ha* yet been arranged
Charles Lathrop and Russell H. Wilson,
Mrs Stanford's direct-. rs In the Southern
Pacific i '■■mpany, have both sent In their
resignations. That of Mr. Lathrop has
already been accepted and Mr. Wilson's
will also be in the very near future
Mrs. Stanford said yesterday that It
may be a year before ehe and the
Crockers sell out their interests in the
Pacific Improvement Company. They are
willing to sell now. but the point on
which the negotiations hitch is the price
to be received, and it may be some time
before both parties to the deal succeed in
arriving at a figure satisfactory to all
concerned.
Though Mrs. Stanford would say noth
ing concerning the price that she and the
« ro< ;5 ers demam! for their holdings In the
Pacific Improvement Company, it is gen
erally reported that the figure Is $8,000,000
apiece, or a total of $12. 000. (NO. which is a
little more than C i' Hintlngton has yet
concluded to j«:i\ .
THE ADVANCE OF POLYGAMY.
(The Call does not hold Itaeir responsible for
the opinions published in this column, but pre
sents them fur whatever value they may have
as communications of general interest.)
To the Editor of The Call: Tour re
porter missed some of the spirit and
letter of the remarks made by Rev. Ben
jamin Fay Mills on the case of Brigham
Roberts.
Mr. Mills said that in its day polygamy
was a great moral advance upon the pro
miscuous association which must have
preceded it. but that monogamy was a
still greater moral advance on polygamy,
since it placed the sanctity of the home
upon a still higher foundation.
Those who have, read Lecky's chapter
on monogamy in his "History of Morals"
will at once appreciate the full forco of
the preacher's reference to the subject.
JOHN P. IRISH.
San Francisco, Dec. 5. 1899.
AROUiND Trt*E
CORRIDORS
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. la a
guest at the Palace.
John Mclntlre, the Sacramento mine
owner, la at the Grand.
C. Dobblestean. a wealthy mining man
of Hillbruok, Is a guest at the Palace.
B. C. Alexander, a prominent merchant
of Los Angeles, Is a guest at the Palace.
Judge O. W. Miner, has come up from
his home in Modesto and is staying at tho
LU-k.
11. D. Taft. a capitalist of Portland, Or,
Is at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife and family.
I >r. and Mrs. A. E. Hall are at the Lick,
where thf\v arrived yesterday from thefr
home in San Jose.
W. A. Gordon, one of the leading busi
ness men of Portland, Is among the recent
arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. \V. A. Richard, a well-known medi
cal man of Victoria, B. C, is registered
at the Occidental with his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Graham E. Babcoek of
the Cqronado Hotel are at the Occidental
while on a short pleasure trip to this city.
Rev. Robert J. Burdette, accompanie-1
by his wife, has come up from hla home In
Pasadena and is registered at the Palace.
A. C. Aubrey, a capitalist of New Zea
land, Is a guest at the Occidental. He ar
rived in the city yesterday on the Aus
tralia.
A. \V. Maltby, a well-known rancher of
Concord, is at the Grand, accompanied by
his family. They will pass the wint.-r in
the city.
Charles S. "Winsor and M. Lamont, two
well-known residents of Vancouver. 11 c
are registered at the Occidental, where
they arrived last evening.
James P. McCarthy left yesterday on a
business trip to Los Angeles. He goes to
look after extensive Interests In oil lands
In which he is very much concerned.
W. W« Armstrong, one of the best
known planters of the Hawaiian Island?.
Is at the Occidental. He arrived yester
day on the Australia from Honolulu.
A. M. DtWVjr. a relative of the famous
admiral. Is registered at the Grand. He
Is employed in the United States Labor
Bureau ami comes on official business
from Washington, D. C.
B. F. Dillingham, the Honolulu capital
ist, planter and railroad man. Is a gue^st
nt tho Occidental, where he arrive.'
terday. He comes to the city on a busi
ness trip and will ?o<>n return to hla island
home.
Registered at the California is Dr. F. J.
Thornburg. who has come to take the
plnce left vacant in the Marine Hospital
Bervice by the absence of Dr. Matherson i
Dr. Matherson has gone to Southamp. •
ton, England, to Join the party of spec
ialists who have been selected by the
President to proceed to the Orlt-nt sad
study plagues with the view of preventing
their entrance into the United States I
The party consists of eleven medical men ■
chosen from the entire country with par
ticular regard to their fitness for the mis
sion.
CALLFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— W. J. Curtis
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Riggs House; W. C. Chapin of Sacra
mento is at Willard's; J. C. Hart and
wife of San Francisco are at the St
James. ...
■♦ « 1
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CRIMEAN WAR-8. T., City. The Brit
ish forces at the Crimea under command
of Lord Kaglan numbered 26,000 men.
A STAMP— P. D. C, Linden, Cal. The
soiling price of a gTeen three-cent stamp
with the had to the left in an oval Is from
3 cents to $1, according to Its condition
SOUTH SEA ISLANDS-Subscriber.
City. This department m-ver advises per
sons as to wh«t is best to engage in by
way of investment, and by reason of
tli.it rule cannot advise you as to what la
beat in the way of merchandise to trade
In the South Sea Inland*.
TO ADDRESS OFFICIALS-Q. E B
Martinez. Cal. To address a letter to the
PrertJent of the United States ÜBe tho
following forrti: Hon. William McKinley
President of the United ritates-SIr ■ iU
one may use the still simpler forra : Tn
the President-Sir: To address the Oov
ernor use the following form: Hon. Henry
T. Gage. Governor of California-Sir
SOLDERS— A Subscriber. • ' Occidental "
Cal. Solder for gold Is made of twelve
parts of pure gold, two parts of pure sil
ver and two parts of copper. Silver
Bolder 3 made of five parts of pure silver
(not sllvdr coin), six parts of brass mi
two parts of tine. Ffne silver solder i
made by melting in a clean crucible nine
teen parts of pure silver, ten parts of
brass and one part of copper, addlntr I
small pTec© of borax as flux; ttttaJn « a
SHIELDS MUST
LOME TO TRIAL
THIS MORNING
Both Sides Ready to
Proceed.
The trial of Chaplain Shields will com
mence this morning at kba Presttk
case Is exciting coi:-. . ntercst and
the outcome i* ;t matter of s« •:
It was at one tin: I that the
aouM never qmm before the court
miirtial. Mit tl the trJai »a»
really commenced I
e/ould
■ I-.JT'I ■>{ ■
into his phj ■ li .it Rum
tlon. ami that he wotdd : ■ ac
count of disability; but tne ca*e has
too far for such a . and tne
chaplain mum come to trial.
The prosecution does not expect to tak»
long, but the defendant Is under the lm
pression that It will take at least two
weeks. The defense, according to expecta
tions, will Include a variety ot Issues It
will be contended that Shields was in such
a nervous state that his system required
stimulants and they had been ordered by
his physician. There is no doubt the man
is close to a nervous wreck and upon hi*
condition will rest the strength of this
contention. It will also be maintained that
the accused is being persecuted by hi*
civilian brethren of the cloth because his
opinions are too liberal. As an army
chaplain it is hard for any man to keep
to the strict lines of any creed, for the
men he deals with' are of all denomina
tions and many of no denomination at Bit
To teach th* broad principles of Chris
tianity is about all he can do outside of
caring: for men who need such care as a
chaplain can give. •
The Forty-ninth will get away to-day—
that Is, if the schedule be not chant?--.
again. This will clear the Presltlio of
volunteers and the tents will probably
come down to await further use by tra
Blent troops. Besides the four cm; *
composing the third battalion of the For
ty-nlnth 'he Sherman will take away Hi
recruits and a number of officers hereto
fore attached to the casuals, who havo
been ordered to Join their regiments In
the Philippines. They have teen men
tioned from time to time as their orders
have been issued.
Two tights enlivened the outskirts of the
Presidio Monday night. One was a aasjvo
soldier who wished to enter a poker gam*)
In which only white soldiers were losing
their money. He was not allowed that
privilege and ho drew a gun to tight tor
it. He was thrown out of the saloon.
The other wan between two soldiers and
a cobblestone. Private Ramsay of tn«
hospital corps was returning *o his quar
ters after having railed upon his "bout
girl" and he encountered un enemr and
perhaps a rival. The rival wanted him
to drink or to fight, and as Ramsay
would not drink the rival hit him on the.
head with a paving-stone and lost him
self in the excitement that followed. Kain
eay had his arm in a sling and was oth
erwise disabled, no he could not defend
himself. He was knocked out for several
minutes and when he came to he was
taken to the general hospital, where ha
is now recuperating.
Acting Assistant Burgeon Frederick H.
Morhart h.is been assigned to duty on the
transport Snerman.
First Lieutenant Frank E. Lyman and
a squad of men of the signal corps have
been ordered to proceed to Manila on the
Sherman.
First Lieutenant Elmer A. Deane. as
sistant surgeon, and acting Assistant
Surgeon Vernon Earthman have been-re
lieved from duty with the casuals and
have been ordered to report for duty at
the general hospital.
There were four funerals at the Pre
sidio yesterday, all held under the escort
of Battery O of the Third Artillery. Tn©
dead men were Walter H. Outhrel, Com
pany A of the Twelfth Infantry. Jam«i
H. Harrington. Company H of the I"wen
ty-second Infantry; Joseph Qutnn. Com
pany L of the Twenty-first Infantry, and
Peter Dougherty, Company G of the Thtr
tM»nth Infantry- AH were buried In tIM
National Cemetery.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething «'(>!
perfect ruccess. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays rain, cures Wind Colic, retal
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising rrom teething or
other causes. For sal« by druggists In erery
part of the world. Be sure and asic for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, Vc a bottle.
Tourist Excursions.
Personally conducted tourist excursions, via
Eanta Ft Rout*, with latest vestlbuled. can lit.
upholstered sleeping cars, through from Cali
fornia to Boston every Wednesday, Bt. Paul
every Sunday and Friday, to St. Louis *r»rr
Sunday, and to Chicago and Intermediate
points every Sunday. Wednesday and Friday;
Call at ticket office, C 3 Market street for full
particulars.
HOTEL DEL. COROXADO— Take advantage,
of the round-trip tlckeU. Now only tm by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at bo-
Ul; longer stay. $3 00 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
The California Limited
On th» Santa Fe Route. Connecting train
leaves at 5 p. m. Monday. Wednesday. Friday
and Saturday. One day to see Lot Angeles an. I
■ beautiful Pasadena If desired. All meal*
I served In Harvey's dining ears. Finest
•quipped train snd best track of any Us* to th*
East. Get full particulars and handsome folder
at ticket office. 83 Market street.
The Welburn Case.
The Jury in the Welburn case wu Im
paneled yesterday forenoon In the Unlied
States- District Court and the taking of
testimony was begun at 2p. m Internal
Revenue Collector John C. Lynch. Cashier
Thomas Burns of the United States* suh
treasury ?nd Mrs. H. E. Drtscoll were the.
only witnesses. The trial will be mumM
this morning.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Future of
Ciiiidren
A child's life may be
blighted by the diseases of
youth, such as Rickets,
which is characterized by
weak bones or crooked
spine, and inability to stand
or walk steadily, or Maras-
mus, that wasting disease
characterized by paleness
and emaciation, or Scrofula,
a constitutional disease of
the glands and neck.
Scott's Emulsion
of pure Cod-Liver Oil with Hypo-
phosphites of Ume and Soda will
prevent and cure these diseases.
It supplies just the material needed
to form strong bones, rich red
blood and solid flesh. It will also
reach the infant through the moth-
er's milk, and be of the greatest
benefit to both.
At all drureutt I «ae. and fa -a*
SCOTT & BOWXE. Ckmist*, NewTsriLROBERTS PLEADS HIS OWN
CASE BEFORE THE HOUSE
By a Vote of 302 to 30 the Polygamist Is Denied
Seat Pending an Investigation of
Charges Against Him.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6-After an
Interesting debate of three
hour» the House to-day, by a
vote of 302 to SO. adopted the
resolution offered toy Taylor of
Ohio yesterday for the appointment of a
tpecial committee, to Investigate the
• harg«s against Hrigh&m 11 Roberts, the
Mormon Represent atlve-clect from Utah.
Previously the House had rejects a
robotitttte resolution offered by Richard
t<">n. the leader of the minority, to allow
Robert* to be swou in and to w nd the
whole cape to the Judiciary Committe-*.
This substitute resolution, however, by
no means commanded the full, Demo
cratic strength. Only fifty-seven men-
Tern voted for It. Of the thirty who then
voted against the Taylor resolution, all
*frf Democrats except two. Ixiud. a
<"al:fornia Republican, and Newlanda, a
Hilvcrlte from Nevada.
n.v the t»*rms of the resolution Roberts
if not only excluded from all participa
tion In the proceedings of the House until
the committee reports and the House
padres upon his case, but he la denied a
feat in the hall. Whether this will be in
terpreted to deny him admission within
the chamber pending the disposition of
his case i» yot to be decided.
The reading of the President's message
■■ as completely overshadowed by the
dramatic proceedings which resulted In
the action of the House to-day. Th-* gal
lerira were thronged with spectators,
mostly women, who sat patiently through
the three weary hours that preceded the
debate and then waited on three hours
more until it was concluded. The most
remarkable feat of the debate was tho
f;ict that Roberta' presentation of his own
Udo of the <"iL«e. which lasted almost an
hour, became to absorbing that h>» won
th«» sympathy of many of those in tho
i. ■ :.. » and wits several times ehowered
with applause. It was evident that he
r. allzej that tho Houte was t.verwhelm-
Incty against him. and at times he *poke
li< ro«ly and deflantly.
Taylor conducted the case upon his
tldo. Richardson championed his resolu
tion. _
Purir.g the debate Orosvenor (R.) of
( >hio arose to indignantly repel an In
t-lnuatlou of Roberts that the President
».ad knowingly appointed men guilty of
polygamy to Federal otllces in Utan.
At 12 o'clock Speaker Henderson called
the members to *.nier. riatt of Connecti
cut and Jor.es <>f Arkm.sas. the oommit
t.e appointed to wait upon the President,
reported that thut duty had be«-n per
formed.
"The President." said Platt. "expressed
b!s satisfaction at the assembling of Con
gress and hoped that great good to tho
country might result from its delibera
tion!."
Turiej" of Tennessee presented his col
l-acuo.'n.-ito. at the do*k of tho President
n:l President Fry* administered to Bate
th<« oath of office.
■
■
al the
■
■
Tfie Speaker then laid before tho House
Taylor's resolution to refer tho Roberts
rase, in acoord.ineo with the agreement
?f y*-ite>rdav. Taylor immediately took
th«« floor. It was arranged that there
OiouJd be throe hours' debate, one hour on
rarh wide, onr-half to l»o allowed to Rob
erts :.m to come out of tho time of tho.
rtiatorttv. This arrangement having boen
made. Richardson, the Democratic leader,
cay* notice of a substitute he would of
fer, as follow*:
Whereas. Brtßham H. Huberts, from the
State of Utah, has presented a certificate cf
tlecttaa In dv« and r^'ir form a* a Repre
sentative from *ame State; ttierrfore bo It
■ . -»n»lng any opln-
r i
• • • .- ■ •
la his
-
■
■
• ■ ■
Taylor then opened his speech In favor
>f th<» adoption of his resolution. Tie
•vould ti'/ urge Its adoption, he said, wore
*»«• not prompted by a nigh sense of duty.
Tht- rnnsiitutJon was consistent, tie con
tinued, if it were contended that tho
Imitations It Imposed were not to In
i<M»-<! to. _ The power of CongTess to halt
.lif r'.almiint at th*» door, he Insisted, w.is
tl^ar. The intllgiblllty created by con
rlrij<,n for crime was a power inherent In
rMTrnnfiit, lrrospootlve of the constltu
:l<>n. H«- cited several casos to show fiat
is a punishment for crime the I<*>glpla
:ure had ampl«- authority to disqualify a
nan from holding office.
IVh'-n Tnylor bogan to speak Roberts
eft the s<at he had bern occupying and
oolc a seat near the mail aisle, where he
:nuld hear with greater cas*. Throujrh
»ut Taylor's remarks be sat facing his
irruser. except when he turned to his
|f>sk to take notes of the points to which
1* desired to reply.
Continuing. Taylor road ■ dorlsion of
li<» Supreme Court defining polygamy.
»M<*h stated that Irrespective of whether
i man had contracted a plural marrin^e
niiv ■ iikii by i
Of Those special value hig-h cost shoes, last year's style. Unexpectedly to
hand, hundred pairs. Marked price, $2.50 to $5.00. Take your
choice while they last at
$1.00 a Pair.
OTHER BARGAINS..
f*ur.£av Rhoea, button, child's. « to 8....«3e
Bunday Bhoe*. lare O - button, *-4 to HH.-tiOe
Funday Sac**. !ace or button. 12 to — to"
«"h<icolat* - -.i- girls', button, IS to J....?6c
'•. SB* mack Shoes, variety II 00
I^adl"*' Fine Embroidered shippers Csc
EVERYDAY SHOES.
Child's button, neat, strong. 6 to I Tic
<Ti!liVe button, strung, s'fcei s, r.V4 tt.o
<'hi!ds button, strong. hee'.». t% to 11....7T.C
<").i!a« butt<«. »trong. irring. &H to U..fl 00
I-^lee' Kangranv*. very neat v 4S. fl 19
You »«ve n»ar!y l:»lf on shoe ; urcl.»;cs
ma 4« fr.»m our hou>e.
CORSETS.
Until r>M we offer «iie« 1«. 1». ML Jl. ST. M. I
2? In l:'gh-grmo> rorwrt*. Including P. p.
nnd ■JTnPf leak*-*, at Me; real value *2
and upward.
NIGHT GOWNS. .
For the cold » •*'».• ■ re«J tennis flannel,
for children, nay *'tc: ladles. BSe, are rood,
but no extra ilin; tfa are still better and
lonrer «J>d more £e«lrable; |1 <• Is a great
leadrr ani moves rapidly. How many?
Come or ••nd.
RIBBON BARGAINS.
E*veral thousand pieces first quality, all
ailic; nearly every color except black. Dink,
red and bright blue; ••aid at '» price on ac-
connt of belnsr slow moving colom.
r Yard. 10 Tds.
No. S Ribbon 3e 25c
No. " Ribbon 4c SSo
No. » Ribbon 8c 400
No. II Rjfehoa .. «o 10c
No. 1« Ribbon . to *6c
Where else !•> <>>• world an such values
to be had?
j after the passage of the Edmunds act
! and irrespective of whether he had since
] cohabited with a plural wife, he w.ia
! guilty of polygamy if he still maintained
the relation of husband to more than one
wife. Referring again to the two procla
mations of amnesty, he argued that the
claimant was in no better position than
he would have, been had no such procia
i matlon been issued. Hut higher than the
I civil law was a law of civilization which
demanded that one so tainted should be
excluded. There were precedents for such
an appeal to the higher law.
H. cited the case of Whittemore. who
had been guilty of Belling cadetships and
who up. >n his appearance at the bar of
the House wu*. rejected as until to alt In
the House. The power and the right were
Inherent, said Taylor. It was only a ques
tion of propriety." of wisdom and of prece
dent. In all his investigation and Btudy
; of precedents. Taylor said, he had failed
to rind a single case where the House had
hesitated to assert upon proper occasion
its right to halt a member at the bar
when his qu.iliilcattons for a seat were
quostluned. He quoted extenslvoly from
"MeCreary on Elections" In support of his
argument. He reviewed the cases of
Pr«»ctor Knott. Boyd Winchester and
John M. Rice of Kentucky, who had been
FtoppeJ at the bar of the House on the
ground that they were disqualified be
cause they had been disloyal.
"We are told." Mid Taylor, In conclu
sion, his voice ringing out clearly, "that
we. are about to create an unhappy prece
dent. Why. Mr. Speaker, we are doing
this In the open ga.ze of the whole world,
not in a cloistered court. We arc. the ser
vants of the people, empowered to do the
right as we see it. The public eye Is upon
us. the public conscience quickens us. In
that presence we can d i no wrong if we
do but obey it."
Taylor's concluding words were greeted
with a storm of applause, both from the
flixir and the galleries.
Richardson; the minority loader, fol
' lowed T;tylor. He did not intend, ho said,
to discuss the merits of the ease. The
question In Issue was as to whether the
Representative-elect. Roberts, had a
prima fnolo right to his seat. He was
not willing to reject a Representative
elect who appeared at the bar of the
House with his credentials in duo form.
If he were denied admission a precedent
would be created which would rise to
plague the House in years to com©. The
only constitutional objection raised
ugainst thfi member-elect related to his
naturaJizatlon, and that, Richardson as
serted, would not hold. He defied the
other sld« to produce a single precedent
whore objection was raised to tho ad
ministration of the oath except on con
stitutional grounds. The precedents cited
were made during the war and were not
ito be relied on. In thoso days the con
stitution was written with the sword.
They had all been since overruled after
the passions [lowing the war had eub
slde<i. Richardson declared that the m!
nority wan in no wise bound by his do
sttion. Ho spoke for himself alone. He
was willing to fay that if the charges
against the member-elect were proved be
should favor his expulsion.
"If there is one thing the American peo
ple are a unit upon." ho said, "it is that
the American home shall be preserved in
all its loveliness, sweetness and purity."
(.Applause.*
"Hut." he proceeded, "it Is not wise to
permit our Judgment to be warped by
public clamor. To do so amounts to con
demnation without trial."
Richardson then brought forward sev
eral precedtjus in support of his posi
tion. The first was that of George Q.
Cannon, who appe-ared in the House as a
delegate-«*ieot from tab In 1*7;: Cannon
wan a Republican. Almost identically the
same charges now mado against Roberts
were made against Cannon. He read
from the speeches of S. S. Cox of New
York and other prominent Democrats who
opi»->t«ed tho heating of Cannon on the
ground that it would establish a danger
ous precedent and produce chaos In the
future.
•'Those Democrats." paid he. "roue
abovo party prejudice and stood by the
constitution and the right. . oratic
applause.)
Ho cited the case of Ramy. colored Re
publican from South Carolina. In the
forty-fifth Congress, where the Demo
crats had insisted that he should have
the oath administered to him. He also
quoted from the late President James A.
Giirfield in support of his contention that
where the credentials presented were in
regular form there was no power In the
Hou«e to exclude him. Richardson read
the words of Garfield, which concluded:
"There are no personal objections."
"But there are personal objections in
tho case before the House." Interposed
Taylor amid !außht»r and applause.
"Not personal objections to the mem
er elect, ' said Richardson: "personal
disqualifications only are alleged.
"Yes. personal objections." shouted a
member on the Republican side, amid an
other outburst.
.i from alk-cd Interviews
with Dalseli of
■' Illinois, in which
• said th;r
t-rts v. :.ik>- the oath ui"'ri
'.'•nee of his en den-
Da sell v I Bteele denied the in
: ted thai In his
f InellglblUtj
: • -ont fur the i
::>-r.
Roberts himself took the Boor in his
own defense after Richardson had con
cluded. Ho occupied a conspicuous place
Immediately in front of th« clerk's desk.
Several legal volumes were piled up In
front and a bouquet of carnations lay
upon his desk. Intense Interest was mani
fested as he arose. Members crowded
about, but were compelled to return to
their sent*. The galleries were, hushed
Tho occupants leaned over to listen, eager
to let no word escape. His voice was soft
i and low, but his enunciation was distinct
THINGS TO EAT.
HAMS—
■ -'.slor. mild, tender. &«tern. 1b... |M|q
Picnic, sugar cured. Ib ge
MUSTARD—
■ten fine, In fancy pkgs., each.. »c
OLIVE OIL—
Our Very Finest California Brand mire
none ether equal. C. D. L.. re* *5o 4Jc 25c-
this week qt«. 75c. eta «*:. Vi pts! ' a>c
NUTMEGS—
Whole, choice goods, guaranteed 0 X
••■•• 14 for'Jc
MAPLE SAP SYRUP—
Hlk Brand, very 'ar.rient; Introductory
IBS Jl VS. quarts j^
lte<ltic»d from rerular II M and 4>\
Oren for ta»tlnr— tint counter.
FRUIT, Dried-
Whoie Peaces; full. rich, peachy flavor*
•lmplv drllclous. Ib .... 3( *
\>o- 'a.noy New Whit- Fir*, bulk, 1b....5c
Ver>' Fancy Mission lilack Figs. bulk. 1b..5c
Oood •.-<:•■ German Pear*, peel on 1b.'. .5c
j Fancy &vita Clara Prunes. id to 40. 'per bo«
t:. Its 11 75
Fr-ded Raisins. Fni-no t*ancy....l pkgs. 2.'.-
Kllced Citron, new. fine, handy, pkg s c
liest Citron. Lemon. Orange Peel. It 15c
CASH STORE
THE BIG STORE AT THE FERRY,
25-27 Market St.
THE SAX FHANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1899.
and !n the stillness could be heard to the
farthest corner of the hall. As he got into
rgument his voice grew louder, until
i.n Mvarmi occasions it rang out until the
; fretted ceiling overhead gave back the
echo.
Roberts began by sending to the clerk's
desk an.l having read a copy of his nat
uralization paptTs, as he said that all the
documents In this extraordinary case
should be before the House. He then read
a paragraph from "McCreary on Elec
tions." containing a general caution
against hasty procedure in election con-
He continued:
HOW, gentlemen, that It the statement of one
whose book has authority In this country. And
If it Is the rule of the House of Representatives
In canes that arise to the dignity of a contest,
how Infinitely more should that rule be ob
served when a mere protest Is made against a
member who presents himself to take the oath
of office.
I next proceed to the consideration of the
charges that are nuppot<ed to justify what the
gentleman from Ohio (Taylor) himself concedes
to be an unusual proceeding, and which my
friends on this side (Richardson of Tennessee)
has demonstrated to be an unprecedented pro
ceeding. The gentleman from Ohio bases his
charge upon a court record: that some twelve
years ago. in the mMst of our conflict In the
then Territory of Utah over the subject of
polygamy, I pleaded guilty to a charge of mis
demeanor. The gentleman seems to be oblivious
to the fact that since the date of his court rec
ord on this subject we have had two Presiden
tial amnesties proclaimed that have been ap
plied to men disqualified by the Edmunds- ,
Tucker act. I understand gentlemen who were |
lawyers to admit this fact, and they will cer
tainly appreciate the cost of it.
The gentleman from Ohio has no court rec
ord to show that I was ever arraigned or con
drmned of crime whatsoever Flnce the promul- I
ration of the amnesty proclamation of the
I'resident of the United States. The gentle
man • ms also to forget the fact that since
the Confession of that misdemeanor to which !
he referred there was passed by Congress an
enabling act authorized by the. State of Utah
to form a State government. That enabling
act also had a provision embodied In It that I
qualified all citizens withlh the limits of the j
Territory to become citizens of the United
StntPS and was particularly framed to remove
the disqualifications and (Usabilities which had j
bet-n created by the Edmunds-Tucker law. i
The gentleman seems to forget also that the
State constitution of Utah was satisfactory to
the President and his advisors, and Utah has ;
>een admitted as a State Into the Union and |
has taken upon itself the responsibilities of a
sovereign State, declaring under Its constitu
tion who of the people residing In Its borders
■hall exercise the elective franchise and be
qualified for office as citizens of that great
commonwealth.
The gentleman from Ohio says that ever
■lace Ittl I have been a persistent lawbreaker
In the State of Utah. If that be true, let me
ask why It Is I was not punished for law
breaking. Certainly there was no disposition
not to execute the law on the part of the peo
ple of Utah. Its administration was In the
hands of non-Mormons, of those who had no
sympathy with men of my religious faith. All
the machinery of the law was in the hands of
Federal appointees. How Is It that I could
be an open and defiant lawbreaker and yet
escape th» penalty of law?
The gentleman's objection then Is based not
upon court record, but upon affidavits and
papers that have been supplied him by the
people.
And now as to the manner In which these
charges are nude It has been about fifteen
months »■!:-..■<■ they began, since the Representa
tive from Utah was heralded throughout this
land as a defiant lawbreaker. And yet I walked
the streets of Salt I*ake In open day. within
easy reach of the law. an.l my faults lay open
to the law If I were guilty Of transgressing.
Other men were arrested before the courts of
Dtah and were fined tor the very offense al
leged against me. and yet DO complaint was
made against me. No; It did not suit the pur
pose of those who had this present agitation In
hand to vindicate the law quietly and by the
usual method*. They desired particularly to
have this case, upon which, apparently, to
arouse the sentiment of the country. Not until
my business called me ••:•...
to make any charges against me. Hut the mo
ment of. or shortly after, my departure they
began this agitation, resulting In the present
sentiment of the country now aroused against
me. I cull roar attention next to the fact that
the only charge against me. even by the pres
ent opponents of the resolution, la that of a
misdemeanor. They do not charge a felony.
I understand that the members of Congress
are granted certain privileges while In attend
ance up<-n this House. It would be Impossible
to arrest any one of. the members on the charge
of misdemeanor. And yet you would deny me
the privilege of being sworn as a member of
this House, upon the allegation of the existence
of some charge or other that I was guilty of
a misdemeanor. For the thing for which th«
law Itself could not lay a hand on me while In
attendance upon this House, you propose — I
sp*ak of the little cotf-rle of men who have en
tered Into this conspiracy to crowd this ques
tion to the front at this particular time, and for
the reason that they are fearful that If the
matter should go to a consideration under a
resolution to expel the member from Utah they
could net marshal the necessary two-thirds
vote to accomplish their purpose to pass the
present resolution.
I understand, sir, 'hat these Immunities are
not given for the benefit of Individual mem
bers. They axe given rather as a protection
for his constituency, who are entitled to hi*
services ar their representative. And. there
fore. I Invoke the protection that la given to the
constituency nf a sovereign State against the
proceedings they are Instituting here to deprive
me of th.- privilege of twiner nwi>ni In as a
member of this House. Privilege, did I say.
sir? 1 am not asking any privileges in this
House. I am not asking any favors of the
members of this House, L'mier the shadow of
the constitution of the United States. I merely
demand, both for myself an.l for th« people
of my State, the protection that Is due us—
and :t Is a demand— lt Is asking no favors.
(Great applause on the Democratic side, and
In the galleries.)
Roberts next called attention to th«
precedent In the Forty-third Congress In
the case of Cannon, adding:
I can add nothing to the force of that gen
tleman's remarks, except this: that In the case
Of Mr. Cannon the House was dealing with a
Delegate from a Territory, not the Representa
tive of the people of a sovereign State. They
were dealing with a delegate who was created
by a statute passed by the Congress of the
United States. And throughout the discussion
It was alleged as a reason for taking exceptions
to him that they could do so because he was
unprotected by the provisions of the constitu
tion. And yet. Fir. knowing he was but a crea
tion of law, still they admitted htm as a mem
ber upon the floor of this House It Is to be
remarked In this oonnectlon that, strange to
say. the course of nature was not disturbed.
Notwithstanding an alleged p<ly(fimlst was
permitted by the vote of a Republican Con
rress to remain upon the floor of this House. It
did not transpire, as It is said It did transpire
In ancient Rome a little ere the mighty Julius
fell: the. grave stood not tenantless; the
sheeted dead did not stand and gibber In the.
etreets of Rome. Why. sir, the sun was not
darkened MC ti as the moon turned to blood.
Actually, sir, the rain continued to fall upon
the Just and the unjust alike. (Laughter and
applause.)
Gentlemen of the Democratic party, some few
of whom may perhaps tremble a little at the
thunderous objection that has been presented
as pretending to voice the sentiment of the
country upon this subject. I want to call your
attention to another thing, and that la that
notwithstanding a Republican Congress seated
this roan, yet the Republican party really sur
vived Its action. (Laughter.) Why. It Is here
to-day and I believe, gentlemen of the major
ity, that It could survive even If It should seal
the present Representative from the State of
Utah.
.Proceeding, he took up the charge that
Utah had broken her compact with the
United States by the ©lection of an alleged
polygamous Representative, if that were
true, then Utah had simply followed the
Illustrious example, of the present nation
al administration.
"I affirm." said he. "that there Is abun
dant evidence that objections similar to
those In the present case were made to
the President and the Senate against the
appointment of certain Federal officials
in Utah, but the objections were waived
aside."
"Do you mean to say that polygamies
were appointed to, Federal offices In Utah
by the present executive?" queried Hop
kins (R.) of Illinois.
"With the knowledge of the President?*
added Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio quickly
amid some laughter on the Uemocrutlc
side.
"When men were applicants for Federal
office* In Utah," reiterated Roberts, •*..».
jections were made and affidavits were
filed both with the President and the Sen
ate, but nevertheless the appointments
were made."
"That Joes not answer my question "
observed Hopkins.
Roberts urged that the case ought to go
to the Judiciary Committee, where it
could be Investigated. He warned the Re
publican aide that this was a serious
question. If the people of Utah were
pullty of violating the compact with the
Union, what of the President, who hud
appointed to life positions In Utah men
chargeable with the same offense?
Roberts ridiculed the manner In wh'ch
the petition favoring his expulsion hna
been procured. In concluding he denied
that the members who voted to seat him
would bo voting for polygamy. The ques
tion of polygamy was settled.
"I hold It as an honor," said ho, "that'
I will bo quoted long in Utah as one who
helped to tittle that question on the floor
of the constitutional convention. 1 am not
defending polygamy. It is dead."
Roberts concluded by thanking Taylor
and the House for their Indulgence. He
was given a round of applause as he took
his seat.
Dlnsmoro (D.) of Arkansas brieflly op
posed the Taylor resolution.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio denounced Rob
erts' statement concerning the appoint
ment by the President of polygamlsts In
Utah as a miserable subterfuge.
"I make the statement," said he, "and
I defy contradiction, that the President
of the United States never knowingly ap
pointed a polygamist to office. As well
might one charge that the President had
plunged his stainless hands in human
blood as to charge that he appointed to
public office men guilty of the crime al
leged against the gentleman from Utah."
(Great applause on the Republican side.)
"1 charged and I reiterate It." said
Roberts, "that men appointed to office In
Utah were charged before the President
and the Senate with the same misde
meanor of which it Is charged I am
guilty."
"Were they guilty?" inquired Dalzell.
"It does not apoear whether they were
guilty." answered Roberts, raising his
voice and looking around the hall. "They
were only charged, as I am charged."
(Applause on the Democratic side, in
which many people in the galleries Join
ed.)
Taylor concluded the debate. Roberts,
he said, had exhibited a large incapacity
to understand his (Taylor's) position, his
(Roberts') position or the spirit of the
American people— a righteous expression
of their sentiment Justly founded, how
ever much misdirected. He did not say
Mr. Roberts was guilty. But he indicted
him upon his own responsibility. Said
he:
"I am not unmindful of the Importance
of the question the Home Is about to de
cide. It is unusual, but not unprecedented.
We do not undertake to determine the
right of the claimant to that seat, but
only whether he shall bo halted at the
bar of the House and await the adminis
tration of the oath until the House shall
determine that right.
"Mr. Speaker. Utah was admitted as a
State Into the Union on the 4th day of
January. I*!*}. These are the alleged facts
against the claimant: First, that he was
indicted In February, IRS7. for unlawful
cohabitation under the Edmunds act and
pleaded guilty on April 29, ISB9. and was
incarcerated on that account In the pen
itentiary for four months: second^ that he
has persistently from that time forward
down to a recent date been guilty of the
offense of unlawful cohabitation; also 1
that he has continued from the date of
his conviction nnd is now a polygamlst.
"By the alleged facts these questions
are raised:
"First— Aft he was convicted in IRS9
did he not then become and ever after
ward remain by reason of section 8 Ineli- :
gible to be a member of Congress unless 1
he were pardoned? If ho were guilty of
polygamous cohabitation between No
vember 1. IS9O, and the date of the Harri
son proclamation he was not pardoned by
that proclamation.
"This situation, assuming the facts to he
as alleged, raises several questions:
"First— Roberts was convicted as stat- j
ed, is the burden on him to affirmatively
bring himself within the embrace of the
amnesty proclamation?
"Second— lf he was guilty of polygamous
cohabitation after November 1. 1590. Is he
not without the benefit of the proclama
tion?
"Third— lf he continued to be the head of
more than one family under his original
polygamous marriage contract after the.
Ist of November. ISJO, and without polyga
mous cohabitation, then Is he not a
polygamist under the definition of the
Supreme Court in the case of Murphy vs.
Ramsey?
"Fourth— May not the facts. If estab
lished, and Independent of any law creat-
Ing Inedibility. Justify the House In re
fuslne admission to Roberts?
"Fifth— Does not the compact created
between th<- V: ■ . ami the
of I'tnli by th.' proclamation, enabl::
institution justify the House In re
fusing to admit a representative from
that State who is to-day, under the defi
nition of the Supremo Court, a Dohrca
mlst?
"Sixth— May It not be that upon a care
ful examination of the law it would be
found that the claimant Is not a citizen
of the United States, and If not, of course
Is Ineligible?
"Seventh— ls it wise If the acts be as
alleged, unless we are absolutely without
power to keep Roberts out. to subject his
case to the doubtful process of expulsion?
—doubtful for two reasons: First, because
It requires the concurrence of two-thirds
to expel him; second, because very emi
nent lawyers from the beginning of the
Government down to the present time
have taken the position that the Houso
has not right to expel except for some
misconduct while a member, and relating
to his offense as a member. In the Forty
fifth Congress, in the Mattison caso. a
committee by an all but unanimous voice
reported that the House had no power,
mean arid low and vile as the character of
that man was, exhibited by his conduct
before that time, to expel him, because
it had not the right to expel a man for
that which had occurred prior to his flec
tion to Congress."
Taylor went Into a legal argument In
support of the proposition that Congress
had the right to bold Roberts Ineligible
to sit as a member of Congress. He con
tended that the language of the constitu
tion with respect to the Qualifications of
members of the House was negative In Its
character and that with Congress was left
the right to add to these qualifications.
He then cited as precedents for the pres
ent course the cases of Proctor Knott
Boyd Winchester and John m. Rice of
Kentucky, who were charged with dis
loyalty after the war, and concluded as
follows:
Mr. Speaker, we are told That this will make
nn unhappy precedent. Precedent? Why. what
v.f do h»re are do before the open and gazlnK
eyes of the world, and we are at once draxK**<i
to the bar of history to answer for our deeds.
We are In no cloister court. We are no »tat
ute-bound tribunal. We an» the servants of
the people, empowered, thank God, under the.
constitution to do the right as we see the
right. That Is the law to us. The public
eye Is on us. the public conscience quickens v«.
In that presence and before such a Judge we
can do no wrong If we but obey It. (Applauds
on the Republican side.)
The vote was then taken, first on th«
substitute, which was defeated. 6^—247
The vote then recurred upon the adop
tion of Taylor's resolution, the roll being
called upon the demand of the Republi
cans. The resolution was adopted 302 -
30. Those who voted In the negative were*
Adnmson. Allen (Mississippi), Bailey, Ball
Brewer. Burllson, '^arma.-k. Cooper, Dnvey"
De Graffenreld. Dinsmore. F«t*i«triek. Flem
ing. Kitchen Lester. Lewis. McClellan Mo-
Culloch. Maadox. Norton (South Carolina)
Rhea. Richardson, Bobbins. Slayden Small
finodfrass. Stephens. Turner. Democrats: New
lands (Nevada). Bilverlte: Loud (California)
Republican.
The Speaker then appointed the follow
ing members the special committee under
the resolution:
Republicans- Tayler (Ohio), chairman; Lan
dl!« (Indiana). Morris (Minnesota). Freer ("West
Virginia). Llttlefield (Maine). McPherson
(Iowa). Democrats— De Armond (Missouri)
Lanbam (Texas) and Meyers (Indiana).
The death of the late Representative
Settle of Kentucky was then announced
and, at 6:25 p. m.. as a further mark of"
respect, the House adjourned until Thurs
day.
Message Read in th« Senate.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6 — To-days ses-
INVEST
. . IN . .
There Is Oil in Tar Canyon.
The Tar CaarOfl Oil Company
owns 160 acres uf land which Is sur-
rounded by oil wells, and are offer-
Ing for sale a limited number of
share* of stock for development
purposes.
There will he no assessments.
All the officers are giving their
services free.
SEND FOR FRKK PP.OSPECTU9.
SHARES~STLOO EACH.
DIRLXTORSs
JAMES A. WILSON President
See. Builders' Kxchance.
P. A. BERQEP.OT Vloe President
Pres. Board of Education
O. R. GIBSON Secretary
Pec. Central Hardware and Supply Co
W. I. BROBECK Treasurer
Aast. City and County Attorney.
HON. FRANK McGOWAN
Ex-State Senator
7 tii Floor, Crocker Building, r. 142-143.
PHONE MAIN i.U
sion of the Senate lasted two hours and
forty minutes, practically the entire time
being consumed In the reading of the
President's message. The reading was
largely perfunctory, few Senators accord
ing it any attention.
The announcement of the death of Sen
ator-elect Monroe L. Hayward of Ne
braska was received by the Senators with
sincere regret. Although he was not of
tlclally a member of the body he was well
known to many of the Senators and by
them was held in high regard At the
conclusion of the reading of the Presi
dent's message the Senate adopted resolu
tions of repret for the ileath of Mr. Hay
ward, presented by Senator Thurston of
Nebraska and rus .1 further mark of re
spect, adjournM Immediately.
SENATE MEMBERS
IN PARTY CAUCUSES
Reorganization of Committees Dis
cussed by Republicans and
the Opposition.
WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— Three cau
cuses were held In the Senate end of the
<"ap:t"! to-day. They were under the
auspices, respectively, of the Republican,
tIM Ixmocratlc and the Independent Sen
ators, the last named Including the Silver
Republicans and the Populists, and each
considered the reorganization of the Pen
ate committees. In each case the detail
work was referred to special committees.
Senator Allison was empowered by th«
Republican caucus to select a commit
tee '>f nine to confer with the opposition
and make the r.pportlonment of members.
There was a su^g.stion that the Repub
lican representation on committees
should be In proportion to the Republican
membership of the Senate, and In reply
to a question Senator Allison said thit
the Republican* numbered about flve
eighths .>f the «-nrl»-,» Senate. After some
discussion the suggestion was abandoned
because of the effect that such a demand
In t! • would have upon the
House, when the Republicans have pro
portionately a much smaller majority.
Tti'Ti' was, however, a general under
standing that the Republicans should
have clear majorities on all committees.
Senator Hale moved a committee on the
Insular possessions of the United States,
and upon the suggestion of Senator
LoJge agreed to amen>l his motion so as
to provide for two new committees, one
to cover Cuba, and the other to include
the affairs of Porto Rico anil the Philip
pines. The motion was referred to the
proposed committee on committees, hut
no disposition was mailo on a suggestion
made sotto voce by Senator Mason that
be, S. i;ati>r Hoar and Senator Hale
should be given places on the proposed
Philippine commission. Tho conference
really delegated the whole subject to the
committee on committees, which Senator
Allison promiPf-'l to appoint promptly.
The Democrats transacted no busings
beyon the unanimous selection of Sen
ator Jones of Arkansas as chairman of
tin- caucus to succeed Senator Turpie.
and the authorization of the chairman to
appoint a eommltt'-e to confer with the
Republican committee on the reorganiza
tion of the standing committees.
The Independents agreed to act with the
Democrats In the organization of the
Senate, and Senator i'ettignw was ap
pointed to act as a member on the
minority committee on committees. This
conference was attended by all the Silver
Republicans and Populist Senators, of
whom there are eight.
APPOINTMENTS TO BE
MADE BY THE SPEAKER
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— Spender Hen
derson lias not yet definitely determined
when the committees of the House nli.tll
be announced— whether before or after
the holidays— but the expectation is that
It will be Just before the adjournment for
Christmas. In the Interim it Is expected
the old members will retain their former
places and if this Is observed there will
be the following vacancies: Ways and
Means, three Republicans; Appropria
tions, one Republican and one Democrat;
Judiciary, four Republicans and one Dem
ocrat; Hanking and Currency, four Re
publicans and two Democrats; Commerce,
one Republican and one Democrat; Rivera
and Harbors, two Republicans; Foreign
Affairs, two Republicans and one 1
erat; Military Affairs, five Republicans
and three Democrats.
Thr« f vacancies on Ways and Means
are attracting speda] attention, among
mentioned for the places being
Moody and McCall of Massachusetts, I.lt
tlefield of Maine, who succeeded Dingley,
and William Alden Smith.
Salvador's Revolt Ended.
BERLIN. lKc. 5.— A dispatch from Gua
temala received here under yesterday's
date says the revolt on the frontier of
San Salvador has been suppressed.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA v££™
I LAST 5 NIGHTS. 1
THE IMMENSE DRAWING CARD!
Jacob Liu's revival of Bronson Howard's
ISHENANDOAHI
200 PEOPLE. HO HORSES.
A STUPENDOUS BATTLE SCENE.
PRICES— &c to 11
MATINEE SATURDAY — 25c to 75c.
EXTRfI-NEXT MONDAY.
FREDERICK WARDE,
Together with MR. and MRS. CLARENCE M.
BRUNE.
Opening bill "THE LION'S MOUTH"
SEATS READY TOMORROW MORNING.
CALIFORNIA THEATER a-
"WELL WORKED UP AND ADMIRABLY
ACHIEVED."—
"MR. FRAWLEY THE BEST MAN FOR
THE BEST PLACE."— Examiner.
"THE PLAY WAS PRETTILY STAGED
AND GIVEN WITH GREAT SPlRlT."— Chron-
icle.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
In the Beautiful. Romantic Play.
AN ENEMY TO THE KING.
EVERT EVENING.
MATIEE SATURDAY ONLY.
POPULAR 1:1 Evening .....760. BOc, Mo.
RICES :(_ Matinee 60c. Jso.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
Grand Revival of th«i Powerful Play,
"THE FATAL CARD."
Seats on Sale Thursday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN tit.
ANOTHER CALIFORNIAN TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
H. J. Stewart and Peter Robertson's Brilliant
Comic Opera,
HIS MAJESTY.
All previous productions totally eclipsed.
A DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT.
NEXT WEEK.
BY GENERAL REQUEST.
••THE CHIMES OF NORMANDY
USUAL PRICES—r.Oc. S.''.-. Eje. 15c. 10c.
Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee. 25c.
Branch ticket office. Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT!
AN ACKNOWLEDGED HIT.
Francis Powers' Mexican Tragedy,
"MOTHER EARTH"
INCREASED ORCHESTRA.
Music by EMILE BRUGUIKRE. Preceded by
the Humorous Farce.
'♦UP TO WATKIINS."
SEATS "Tlsc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE EMPOBITJM.
Open Evenings*
Illuminated by thousands of arc and incandescent
lights, thronged with people, admiring the wonderful
display of holiday goods and listening to the delightful
band concert, The Emporium after 7 o'clock each
evening now is a scene of brilliant splendor.
Broad, easy stairways and comfortable passenger elevators
communicate with the second floor, where Santa Claus has
made his headquarters. The large entrance on Jessie street,
directly opposite and two blocks away from the Market-street
entrance, is an accommodation for people living in the southern
part of the city. The Cafe is a charming place for light re-
freshments during the evening. Tens of thousands of people
otherwise engaged in the daytime enjoy these evening prome-
nade concerts and improve the opportunities to gather holiday
gifts without the loss of time.
Furniture Specials.
/ Wednesday Only.
Here are some holiday specials that would make
splendid and substantial Christmas gifts. They are
for this day only, so don't delay.
Saddle Seat Rocker — Antique oak finish, high back and arms,
regularly $2.25— 0n special sale to-day at $1*75
Extension Table — Solid oak, top 42 inches wide and extend 6
feet, highly polished, claw feet, regularly $13.50— snecial
to-day $11*75
China Closet— Golden oak. with French bevel mirror, adjust-
able shelves, regularly $12.50 — special to-day $9*75
Child's Rocker — Cane seat, antique oik finish, regularly $1 —
special to-day So
Bedroom Set — Golden oak. 7 pieces bed, bureau, washstand,
2 chairs, 1 rocker and 1 table — bureau has heavy beveled glass
mirror, regularly $30 — special sale to-day $24.75
Brass Beds — Full size, nicely trimmed, regularly $20 — on
special sale to-day at ' ' $17*25
Upholstered Rocker— oak, spring seat, covered in
pretty damasks, regularly $3.50 — to-day $2*75
Mahogany Parlor Cabinet —With beveled French plate
mirrors, highly polished, regularly special to-day at
$13.25
Upholstered Reception Chair— Birch or mahogany fin-
ished frames, regular price $3 — on special sale to-day, each . . .
$2.00
Clocks and $
Watches. jdb*
From an unsurpassed assortment of Watches and SiTj
Cl)cks se'ect a boys' timekeeper that would please ¥x*i£*sfi?
any boy for a holiday gift; and a dainty novelty clock. *65$t$L
The boys' watch is of nicke', open face. American f^ Cfi.
movement, with second hand, fully guaranteed as a /^OTal/3
good timekeeper $3*25 /l~*^iy&A
The Gilt Novelty Cock is 24-karat gold plated. /^T^S^-C^
lacquered to prevent tarnish, and is guaranteed a J&fnf^iic
good timekeeper, there are six different stvl*s, on» > 'ls£ffi££z?r> s
of which is shown in the i!lu tration — each. Ss.OO t^^^ViTWi 'ifirp
let %£ what P w uoldcnßale Bautaar. l ! V?o V> m «
V' *i v *. f J* e for CALIFORNIA'S largest- Africa O BAN DUST STORE. Fr "« »™Jr ' tar
me a* mm — children.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. DEC. «.
Parquet 2^.*. any seat: Balcony 10c: Children
10c. any part.
CROWDED HOUSES ! DELIGHTED AUDIENCES !
TWO FAMOUS STARS.
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
The Queen of Comic Opera.
AND
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN,
The King of Monologlsts.
With a strong collection of high class Vaude-
ville Celebrities.
1 ' — — — ■
fflhamfad-
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
WE ARE KEEPING OUR PROMISE BY GIV-
ING THE FUNNIEST SHOW IN TOWN.
DO YOU WANT TO ENJOY A HEARTY
LAUGH? THEN COME AND SEE
"MR. PLASTER OF PARIS"
ONE WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
SPECIAL PRICES:
Evenings — He. 26c. 15c. and 50c
Mtittoee Uc. l»o and ISo
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT-
ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
CLOSED FOR DECORATION AND REPAIRS.
Box Office open as usual for sale ef seats.
GRAND GALA REOPENING
NEXT SATURDAY NIGHT
For the Comic Opera Season.
Gorgeous production of
TAR and TARTAR
Reappearance of the popular comedian
FtRRIS HART/V\AN.
Return of the Charming Soubrette.
/\ININIE /V\EYERS.
Dig Double Company of Favorites' !
Unsurpassed Chorus and Orchestral t
All Previous Presentations Eclipsed! '.
POPULAR PRICK!*- and CO cents.
Telephone for seats. Busb >.
sTII YMF 9 ! A KDDr 9T "
WL ¥ IVI I iAt con. ma»on
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
A BILL WORTH RIO MONET TO SEE.
CAD WILSON,
Capitalist by Klondike Lurk and Soubretta by
Inclination.
HASTINGS AND HALL.
America's Cleverest Society Duo.
AND A fi 11. HILL OF CHOICE VAUDE-
VILLE ATTRACTIONS.
A SIO.OCO Relt ami Chatelaine belong-
ing to CAD WILSON can be seen In ib»
show windows of
MOItICE VAN VI. KIT.
144 and (48 Market st.
'• ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT— EVURY FRIDAY.
HB ■ ■ OBk ALKERT
JV 1 HOEFILCH
Usi | I X Importer »•«
H I _^L MaaafMtsre.
I Ul I W il6(^antAT.
V-r TtUyatu
V: DHEES 314.
THE EMPORIUM.
AMTJSEMENTS.
REMEMBER!
Thursday Afternoon,
December 14.
at THE a ■.
• •• Orpheum.
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORM AN
IN AID OF THE
CHARITY FUND
—OF THE
Associated Theatrical Manager-*
of San Francisco.
THE GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
tb^oSu* WAIa>E and Cr)mpM '- from
The FRAWLEY COMPANY, from the Cali-
fornia
An act of "THE CHIMES OF NORMAN "
from the Grand Opera House. /-^T^ '
An art of "Mother Earth" from the Alcazar
CAMILLE D u:VI!.l. f ;. OEOROE FULLER
GOLDEN and the Cream of Vaudeville, from
the Orpneum.
FERRIS HARTMAN and an Operatic Sur-
prise, from the Tlv. II
ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS, from*
the Alhambrm.
MAJOR MITE and Big Things, from th*
Chutes.
CAD WILSON and Vaudeville Light*, from
the Olympic.
CURTAIN RISEfI AT ONE O'CLOCK SHARP
CARRIAGES AT 5 10.
Th« Managers) and Actor* have helped
eve known charity. Now help them.
Enou&b asild.
RESERVED BEATS— Entire Ground Floor.
tl; Balcony, 23c and Me; Box Seats, tl 40.
BALE OF BEATS WILL BEGIN AT THE
ORPHEUM BOX OFFICE MONDAY MORN-
INO. DECEMBER 11. AT » O'CLOCK.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
TANFORAN PARK.
SECOND MEETING. Dec 4-l«. 1539. Inclusive.
Mi high-class running races every week-day,
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons stop directly from the railroad cats Int.*
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed., wherw
comfortably housed In bad weather they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
» 00. 10:40 and 11:10 a. m . and 12.15. 12 .:" Ui-i
and 1:35 p. m.. returning Immediately after
last race and at 4:45 ■ m Rear cars r*serv«|
lor women and their escorts. No srookin*
Valencia street 10 minutes later.
San Jose and way stations. Arrive at Kan
Bruno at 11:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at «:C0
and 4:41 p m.
Kates: Han Francisco to Tanf.ran and re-
turn. Including admission to track, 11 S3.
„ .. ~~ W. J MARTIN President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO. K^£SST
PHAnH MALL
Subduing '•Wallace." the Monster Lion.
MAJOR MITE MAJOR MITE
In His Great Imltrtlon of Cornllle.
High Diver and a Great Snow.
THIS (Wednesday) EVENING.
AMATEUR PINAFORE MINSTRELS.
And ELLA RT. Coasting the Chutea.
Phone for Seats. Park »
STEEPLECHASB.
rPVTDIf D4DIT * th an>l Market sts. -Open
WLilin.AL I AKA Dally from I to U:W p. m.
IT'S THE PLACE WITH THE FCNNT STAIRS.
Professor Hill, the fearless equilibrist. In his
hatartlous specialty The Ulcycle Circus, a
novel hippodrome. The Mechanical Bands. Im-
ported direct from Germany. The Raxzle-Daz-
Bit. the Great Roman Carrousel and Scores of
Other Funny Things
The entire bill DIRECT FROM CONEY
ISLAND. Admission. 10c; Includes a ride on
I the bones. Handsome presents to Use winners..
78
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i
JTBRIEN&I
THE NEW
STORE,
Will Place on Sale This Day the
0
lost Remarkable Bargains
EVER OFFERED.
CHIFFON COLLARETTES at 35c
FEATHER BOAS at $8.00
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS at 50c
BLACK AND COLORED PETTICOATS, 3 ruffles, worth $2, will
br offered at $1.50
LADIES 1 WHITE LACE AND NET TIES at 25c
All and every article in LADIES' FANCY NECK-
WEAR marked down to about Half Price.
LADIES' SILK PETTICOATS will be offered at $5.00
BLACK VENETIAN SUITS, tailor made, worth $12.50, will be
at $5.00
5000 yards BLACK AND GRAY SILESIA, worth I2}c, will be
offered at 5c yard
500 yards 56 INCH ENGLISH CLAY WORSTED, black only, worth
£ 1 50, will be offered at 75 C yard
MISSES' NOVELTY GOLF CAPES, military style, worth $6, will be
at $3.00
MISSES' GOLF CAPES, trimmed with fringe, worth $6 and $7, will
be offered at $3.00
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, silk serge lining, worth $15, will be
olft ' red at : $7.50
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, satin lining, satin trimming, worth $25,
will be offered at $15.00
LADIES' BLACK FIGURED ALPACA SKIRTS, worth $1 and Si. 25,
will be offered at 50c each
Being heavily overstocked in FEATHER
BOAS, the entire stock is marked down.
Our entire stock of LADIES' GOLF CAPES •
will be closed out regardless of cost.
LADIES' NEWMARKETS, worth $20, will be offered at $10.00
WE RESPECTFULLY ASK THE LADIES Of
San Francisco to examine the above lines and be convinced
that our statements are
POSITIVELY CORRECT!
We have no old goods.
We are in the new business a short time over two
months; we buy our goods from first hands.
The new store is located at
1146 MARKET STREET,
Between Taylor and Mason.
J. O'BRIEN & CO.
TIIE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER C?, 1^99.
CONVENTION OF
FRUIT GROWERS
State Association Soon
to Meet.
ELABORATE PREPARATIONS
SESSIONS WILL BE HELD IN
SAN JOSE.
Many Prominent Vineycrcists and
Agriculturists of California
Will Be in Attend
ance.
«
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. s.— The farmers, fruit
growers and vlneyardista are taking an
active Interest In the twenty-fourth an- I
nuaJ State Convention of Fruit Growers '
of California, which Is to convene here on j
Tutsday. December 1. under the auspices |
of the State 5 it: 1 of Horticulture. The ;
sessions will continue four days. A gen- ;
era.l committee, consisting of members of j
the Farmers' Club, Grange and Board of
Trade, has prepared a fine programme of '
entertainment. Judge J. R. Lewis la j
chairman and A. H. Baratoi* secretary, j
Several hundred fruit grower*?, shippers j
and packers will be in attendance, ana I
the papers that are to be read and the ad- !
dresses will deal with the fruit and vine
Industries in all their branches.
The general committee has planned
several trips about the country for the !
visitors. Tuesday afternoon the various j
fl*uit associations of the county will keep j
open house and have men at work Uius- j
t rating the methods of packing and ship
ping The orchurdists .ill furnish car
riages and take theli guests to these es
tablishments. A trip to Stanford Univer
sity Is the programme for Saturday,
launch will bo provided. Pi fesa i Joi
»lan will deliver the address. The visitors
will be taken all over the university, and
a visit will be paid to the fan I Palo
Alto stock farm. An opportunity will
a!.«.i bo given for a trip to Lick Observa
tory.
Tho programme outlined for the conven
tion is as follows:
Tuesday, December 12. 9:30 o" clock— Calling
to order; election of vice presidents; addresses
(a), welcome to Santa Clara County, by Judge
, Hurlburt or the Grange; (b) president's annual
address; appointment of committees — (a) on
resolutions, to consint of five members, to whom
all resolutions shall be referred, unless other
wise ordered (the report of this committee to
be made a special order for 2 o'clock of each
day until dosposed of): (b) en legislation, to
consist of five members; "■) on marketing,
transportation and freight rates, to consist of
nine m«»mbjis; (d) on revision of programme
and asslgnm-nt of subjecte, to consist of thre«
members; addresses, resolutions (which after
reading shall be referred to proper committees);
routine ness.
I \far» fruit
(■hlpments. distribution, marketing anJ Increas
■ ' fruit an<| :ru i
• : •. • ; ..'loT.s f the
■■ Ml .. . -
H Weinetock of Bai rament
■ -r. r'-i-nrt ■
i.ition. trans
>• ■ ;• R !■ Stephens of
i:nlttee rep
- -.nation and m
| producers': foreign i
t a free public market for the
"Advanl |
tlon," "I ■•■
w Chlldi
"Citrus FraltS, A n. NaftZKT. president and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TWO FINE SPECIMENS
Of Physical Manhood.
No form of athletic exercise demands
•such perfect physical condition as prise
fighting. Every muscle In the body must
be fully developed and supple, and the
heart, lungs and stomach must act to per-
fection.
Whether we Indorse priie fighting or not
It Is. nevertheless, interesting to know
the manner by which men arrive at such
physical perfection.
James Jeffries, the present champion
heavy-weight of the world, and his gal-
lant opponent, Tom Bharkey, Id the great-
est pugilistic encounter that haa -*ver
taken place, both pursued much the ■ rn^
course of training and the first and most
Important part of this training was to got
the stomach in condition and to keep the
digestion absolutely perfect, so that every
muscle ani nerve would be at Its hi,£n..st
capabilities.
This was not done by a secret patent
medicine, but both of these great pu^ll-
iFts used a well known natural digestive
tablet sold by druggists under name of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and composed
of the digestive ferments* which every
stomach requires for healthy digestion.
Champion Jeffries pays: "Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets prevent acidity, strength-
en the stomach and Insure perfect diges-
tion. They keep a man In fine physical
condition." Signed, James J. Jeffries,
champion of the world.
The gallant fighter. Sharkey. aays: "Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets remove all dis-
comfort after eating. They rest the BUm-
ach and restore It to a healthful condi-
toin. I heartily recommend them."
Signed. Thos. J. Sharkey.
The advantage of the daily use of Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets Is that they keep
people well and ward off sickness and are
equally valuable to well persons as to the
dyspeptics. Another advantage is that
these tabl3ts contain no cathartics, or poi-
sons of any character, but limply diges-
tive ferments which are found In every
healthy stomach, and when digestion Is
Imperfect It Is because the stomach lacKS
some of these elements, and Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets supply it.
They are no cheap cathartic, but a per-
fectly safe and efficient digestive and the
demand for them Is greater than the Hale
of all other so-called dyspepsia cures com-
bined. No remedy could possibly reach
such a place In public esteem except as
the result of positive merit.
Full sized packages are sold by all
druggists at 50 cents and the best habit
you can possibly form Is to take a 6 r u-
art Tablet after each meal. They matte
weak stomachs strong and keep strong
stomachs vigorous.
Ibeegham's)
>0 PILLS i
| are the best and safest 3
[FAMILY MEDICINE;
> for all J
• BILIOUS AND j
(NERVOUS DISORDERS!
» 10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists. I
ELECTRIC BELTS.
>*j&£}Av;|"EL:S : 'C I'rleea rrom 13 iO to
a WBM"i '^''"y^r'Mi ' - - Largest manu-
ifc^^J^N ' II s > * ' 'it'turgm In the Unl-
tCTTiW^'mi iwi PlFtfW '' l] states. No Quacks
" rn<^*^ with this
0 P-V^U/OL ' "-^V\ establishment.
'i* *~* For particulars
TjT- call or tend 2c In
/JTv Btampa for ."Booklet
No. I." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.. «20 Market St.,
' .- OppodU Palace Hotel. S. P.
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PDdLIO AND ATfottN£Y-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015 Claus Sprc»ckela Bid*.
Telephone Brown 131.
Re«ldence. 831 California at., below Powell,
Ban Francisco.
DEATH OF HENRY F. POOR,
NOTED CITIZEN OF HONOLULU
HONOLri/T, Nov. 28.— Henry F. Poor, one of the hr-st known and most pop
ular of Honolulu*! Citizens, <li<vl to-day. Hla f.,- • ;• •: •■ Francis Poor,
was a pion-.-r merchant Of Hawaii, and an uncl*\ Edwin PoOT, is pr«
of the National Park Bank. New v.>rk. Th« d< wbm a member of
the Ord^r of Kapjolani. the Crown of Hawaii rind the I .of Japan. He
was 43 years of age at the time of his death.
general manager Southern California Fruit Ex
changes; "Prospective Competition From the
Philippine Inlands," Professor A. P. Hayne or
]-•*• •-. "The Fre* Public Market Project."
report of committee, Edward F. Adams of
Wrlzhtt.
Wednesday afternoon— Reports of commit
tees. Deferred discussion on organization and
co-operation, markets, -ting. etc. Even-
Ing session— "Fruit Tree Stocks." Leonard
■ .at-.. of Napa: "Realttant Vine Stocks." E.
i< Sweetzer of Santa Ko»a; "Apple Culture,"
Edward Berwick at Monterey ; Question box
pertaJnlng to the fruit industry.
Thursday morning— The raisin industry; re
view of season's oat] •' and operation of co
operative organizations; frultfulnes»; varieties
of fruits to ba encouraged, etc.; "Co-oporatlon
Among the Farmers aa Applied to the P.iileln
Industry." M. Theodore Kearney o,f Fresno,
president and general manager ■•' California
Raisin Growers' Association; "New Fruit Crea
tions." .Luther nurbank of Santa Rosa; ques
tion ■x; new business and special subjects.
Afternoon session — Suppression of fruit and
tree pests; tree and plant diseases; beneficial
and Injurious insects, birds, etc.; protection
to fruit Industry; Slat* and national legisla
tion; report of committee on resolutions; re
port of committee on legislation to suppress
the sale of infested fruit. B. N. Rowley of San
Francitco; "Dangerous Pests Quarantined by
th« State B «rd of Horticulture; Stopped at
the Threshold." Alexander Craw, State Hor
ticultural Quarantine Of fleer; "Substitutes for
Paris Green as Insecticides," Professor «'. W.
Wood worth at Berkeley; "Beneficial and In
jurious Hirds. Their Economic Value to the
Farmer and Orchardlst." illustrated with draw
ings and specimens. w. Otto Emerson of Hay
wards.
Friday morning— Our export fruit trade, ex
port fruit packages, fertilizing and Irrigation,
the citrus and olive Industries. "Need of Bet
ter and" II if- Uniform Pack for Exportation,"
by Hon. Eugene Germain of Los Angeles, late
United States Consul to Switzerland; "Irriga
tion, applying th» water to land, surface Irri
gation, sub-Irrigation and lnter-lrrlgatlon,"
Professor 8. M. Woodbridge of Pasadena; "The
Citron of Commerce. Cultivation and Manufac
ture. ImDort." B. M Ivlong. secretary
State Board of Horticulture; the olive and cit
rus Industries, fructification, etc. Afternoon
session— Pollination of fruits and capriflcatlon
of the fig; adulterated foods and their Influence
on the productive Industries of the State; the
almond and walnut Industries, etc. "Account
of work of the blastophaga, or caprl fig In
sect. In fertilizing the Smyrna fig." George C.
Roedlnc of Fresno; ("election of next place of
meeting; unfinished business: final commute*
reports.
After the reading of *>ach address oppor
tunity will be afforded for a full discus
sion of the subject.
The convention committee on pro
gramme and arrangements consists of R.
D. Stephens (chairman). Elwood Cooper
and Thomas A. Woe".
GRAND JURY TAKES UP
LONGSTANDING CASES
Matin's District Attorney to Prose
cute Saloon-Keepers Complained
Against Years Ago.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. s.— The 'arand
Jury has Instructed District Attorney M -
Isaac to prosecute the suit filed three
years ago against the bondsmen or Peter
Crane. A. Kappenmann and A. B. Moret
tl, three saloon-keepers, convicted of vio
lating the ordinance requiring them to
close the doors of their places of business
at 11 p. m. Suit was filed by E. U. Martln
elll, then District Attorney, by order of
the Supervisors, but nothing has been
done since that time. The saloon-keepers
in question declare that the law was de
clared unconstitutional by the Supreme
Court in a decision made on the appeal
of similar cases when convictions! had
been secured in the Superior Court at
Hanford, and will vigorously contest tne
suit. Two bondsmen concerned are x\
Koenig and F. Kronenberg of San Fran
cisco. The bonds in the aggregate amount
to (3000.
SANTA FE TO IMPROVE
SEQUOIA NATIONAL PARK
Railroad Proposes to Add to the Nat-
Ural Beauties of the Reserve to
Attract Tourists.
LOB ANGEI,ES. Dec. 6.— The Santa Fe
Is preparing to explore In a moat thorough
manner the region known as Sequoia Na
tional Park. In the Sierra Forest Reaerve,
east of Yisalia. The country. It Is said,
approaches the Yosemlte In the beauty of
its scenery. The railroad Intends to have
the resort accessible to the Valley line as
an attraction to tourists. Congressman
Needham will ask the general Govern
ment to appropriate $50,000 at once for
road purposes to the park. As soon as the
road is built a hotel will be erected.
INDIANS CAUSE A DELAY.
Oppose the Making of a Survey for
the Isthmian Canal.
PANAMA. Dec. 6.— The Herald's corre
spondent in Colon sends word that the
United States warship Bcorpion left on
Sunday. The members of the American
surveying party s»nt out by the Isthmian
'"anal Commission were all well. On ac
count of finding unpleasant opposition by
the Indians of San Bias the party wns
obliged to go to Colon to obtain laborers
to carry on the work of the surveying ©x
ptditlon.
FARMERS WOULD
CUT SALARIES
Action Taken by Po
mona Grange.
Special Dispatea to The Call.
STOCKTON. Dec. 5.-At the last meet
ing of Pomona Grange, held at mil,
some very strong resolutions were passed.
Members of the Grange called attention
to the salaries paid county officials and
announced that they ■will not support any
candidate for the Legislature who will not
work for a reduction of salaries to con
form to the Income of a farmer. The fol
lowing are the resolutions In full:
Whereas. R«cosnizlng the fact that the til
ler of the noil Is constantly descending In th«
social Bcaif. and the occupation of the farmer
Is being brought into disrepute, and believing
that we are fact drifting to a peasantry, and
whereas, we view with alarm the fact that
nearly all of the moneyed Institutions of the
State are loadlnK up with land taken .in mort
gage*, and believing that thin lamentable state
of affairs l!< due to unjust taxation and hitch
salaries raid State and county officials and
*a.lari»vi people in general, and believing that
said salaries are out of all proportion to the
Income of farmer* and business men, therefor*
be It
Resolved. By Pomona Grange of San Joaquln
County that we pledge iur»rlve« individually
and collectively not to support any candidate
for the Legislature, no matter by what party
nominated, unless ho will pledce himself un
reservedly. If elected, to labor the whole ses
■lon. If need be, to reduce the salaries of our
county officials to conform to the Income of
the farmers and business men.
ADMITTED HE WOULD
HAVR DONE MURDER
Startling Admission Made by a Wit
ness Charged With Assault
With a Deadly Weapon.
NAPA. Dec. 6.— C. Rlckerr of Snell Val
ley, during his trial in the Superior Court
here to-day on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon, preferred by L. B. Pax
son of the same valley, created a sensa
tion by admitting on the witness-stand
that he would have killed Paxson if ho
could on the day of the alleged assault.
To-day's proceedings are the outgrowth
of a quarrel between the two men on Oc
tober 28 last at Klckert's ranch In this
County. The exact facts of the quarrel
did not get before the public until the toj
tlmony of Rlcken and Paxuon was heard
Hlckert claims that the defendant came
to his ranch and assaulted him with a
whip, stones and a plow share. Paxson
on the other hand states that on the day
of the alleged assault Rickert attacked
him with a knife and cut him over the
eye. The wound Is visible. The two men
are residents of Napa Valley and the ver
dict of the jury Is awaited with Interest
7,^ ca ? e I * ll nOt be finished until
\\ tiancsaa.y.
ARCHITECT NEWSOM
SEVERELY INJURED
SewraJ Ribs Broken by Being
Thrown From a Buggy as the
Result of a Runaway
SAN RAFAEL. Dec L-ArcJUttCl Ban
uel Newsom of the firm of Ntwiom I
Meyer, and Contractor Thomas O'Connor
were severely Injured to-day In a runaway
accMent. Newsom. who llv^s m Ss ;,
Francisco, was taken to a sanitarium "»
cursory examination showed that «*vi»rai
of his ribs were broken-. »everai
Both men had been supervising thp
work on the new residence of George
Heazleton and Btarted for tow:i afterw^rrt
ran three hundred yards, when It collided
with a large pile of gravel, wrecking ln «
buggy and harness and throwing the oo
cupants twenty feet on the earth OCon
nor suffend a number of painful bru'|n e «
and abrasions.
BODY IN THE BAY.
In the Pockets of the Corpse Is a Card
Bearing the Name George Eade.
SAUSALITO. Dec. 5-A« the leaner
Bausallto pulled into her slip this evening
Captain, Wilson perceived the body of a
mail floating near the wharf. He caused
It to be tied to a pile and notified Coro
ner Eden at San Rafael, who took it to
the Morgue. w lo
In the pockets of the man's clothing was
found a card Issued by the San Francisco
Polycllnic on which were the wrrda
"George Eade, aged 74." The decoascd
was a man about 6 feet 9 Inches In tieujht
and wore a darknuit. In the trousirs
Dockets were 45 cents. The remains had
been In the water about two week*.
BRADLEY STARTS
OK THE WARPATH
Bad Words Used by Ken
tucky's Governor
ANGERED BY ACCUSATIONS
DENIES THAT HE BROUGHT SOL
DIERS INTO FRANKFORT.
Completion of the Count of the State's
Returns Shows That Taylor
Has a Plurality of 3383
Votes.
Bpec'al DUpatch to The C^U.
i FRANKFORT, Ky . Dec. 5.-The State !
Board of Election Commissioners, sitting
us a canvoswing board, finished Its work
' nt 4 o'clock this afternoon and to-morrow I
I morning at 11 o'clock the members will
I tit In the State Senate chamber aa a con- '.
I test board to hear arguments in the cases ,
:Of the eleven contested counties. The
! first of them will come up on whether
or not the board ha* a right to gu behind
the certified returns filed with the Kccre- !
iiiry of State by the different counties.
On this . ■ •.!«.• of the argument »>f this point
; will rest the name of the next Governor ,
! of Kentucky.
On the face of the returns now on file
! with the Secretary of Htuto Taylor has a
I plurality of 3343, his total vote belnjf lt'3.- ;
j : •». against 191.331 for Qoebcl. II thert In •
:tobe no "going behind the reiurr.B, the ,
i beard will nave no option but to ly*ue the
1 certification of election to Taylor. If the
; board decides that it has the power to ro
: behind the returns there Is 110 telling Who
i will receive the certificate. It will depend
! entirely upon the tesulta ot the cements
1 to be decided before the boaiil and the
matter will without doubt.be carried for!
final settlement to the State Legislature. 1
The morning proceedings were enlivened
by Governor Bradley, who made an ad- j
dress to the board regarding the state- ,
ment that he had brought .-oldicrs Into j
! Frankrort. Before the meeting began the !
! Election Commissioners* *ent the follow
ing letter to Governor Bradley:
Hl» Kxcelleney, Governor BrndU-y. Oov»rnor
Of Kentucky— Sir: Since the Uc.ird or E'.ec
lion Commissioners convened in thit city yen- i
terday It ha* twen persistently asserted In the ,
public building and on the nrfvts of thl» city.
i.» well as published in the newspapers, that a [
body of armed men In citizens' garb have been
trough! here with your knowledße. by your '
• onaent or with your approval, to stand by (
»ith a view of overawlnx this board while It ,
Jischarßfs the duties Imposfd upon It by law. j
These reports, though emanatir.,.- from llepubil- .
can »ources. have not. no far ** »•• know, been i
denied. Under these circumstance*, '.ye hold It
to be our duty to Inquire directly or you
whether or not there Is any truth or semblance
of truth In the reports to which we herein call
your attention.
WILL P. IKY
T. W. ELLIS,
CHARLES B. POYNT2,
State Board of Election Commlssloners.
Governor Bradley wrote the following
reply, which he carried personally Into
the boardroom and handed to Judge
Pryor, chairman of the board:
Gentlemen: I regret very much that you
rhould have for on» moment believe. l the mali
cious He that has been circulated and of which
you •ak. 1 have absolutely become wearied
by contra^llctlnß the lies o{ a partisan prea*.
You «huuld kn>>w me well enough to know that
1 don't resort to any such clandestine method*,
and especially you should know that the report
Is false. In view of the fact that I waited upon
the chairman of our board yesterday tnnrn
inK and offered. If he desired, to exclude all
perron*, except thr*e who had businefs In the
department, from the building*. Any Materm-nt
that any men or s«-t of men ti<tve been brought
here with my knowledge, consent or approval to
piand ; ■>• with a view of cverawlnK the board.
Is a malicious He. I have brought no man here
for any purpose, and no man It her* by my or
der. I see It stated In the papers that certain
members of the State Guard are here In cltl
zen«" clothes. I have seen several officers here,
but they are here Individually and not aa mem
bers 01 that orKanlzatlon. and not by any con
nivance on my part. Instead of Intimidating I
nm ready at all times to protect any officer of
the law In the discharge of his sworn duty.
W. O. BRADLEY.
As he entered Governor Bradley In
quired:
"May I interrupt the board a mo
ment? I want to make a public state
ment. I received your communication a
few moments ago. I was ■ little busy at
the time and my attention waa not called
to it until a moment ago. 1 answered it
at once. I not only want to answer It in
writing, but I want to make a statement
for the benefit of lying 1 correspondents
that are purposely miHrepresentinEr me."
Here the Governor was interrupted by
Judge Harris, the senior Democratic
counsel, who for some time had been try
inc to break in. but could not until Gov
ernor Bradley paused to breathe.
"T object to this statement." said
Judge Argis. "I don't know what it is
about."
"It is about the presence of the sol
diers." said Judge Pryor.
"Then I have no objection." replied
Judge Hargls.
"I don't care if you do object." replied
the Governor, with a strong emphasis on
the "I." "I want to say there are no
FOldlers here. There are some officers
here who have come here on Individual
business. No soldier is here, no citizen li
here, by my order. I do not do things!
that way. I want to say. Mr. Chairman,
that I came to you yesterday morning,
seeing this crowd here, and I .-.lid to you.
'If you want the crowd excluded from
this building I will do it.' "
"That Is right." retorted Judge Pryor,
"and I bo notified the board."
• "I say to you." went on the Governor,
speaking in quick, emphatic tones, "that
no officer shall be intimidated in the dis
charge of his sworn duty so long as I am
Governor of this State, ui.<i any man who
Intimates that 1 have called soldiers hero
or anybody here Is a malicioud liar. That
Is all I have to say to the board."
"\\'e thought," replied Judge Pryor.
"that it was due to us and just to you
that you should be notitled of the fact
that was suggested."
"That is right." said Governor Bradley
as he walked toward the door. Turning
with his hand on the doorknob, he sola
emphatically:
"And 1 am responsible for it In here or
out of here."
After leaving the Commissioners' room
Governor Bradley stopped In front of a
larce crowd of spectators who tilled the
outer ofllce of the Secretary of State.
"Now. boys," he said, "you knuw you
are talking about Intimidation and 1
don't really think It Is wise for you to
remain here. Of course we all know you
would not intimidate anybody, but it Is
Just as well that there should not be an
arrest."
In obedience to the suggestion the
crowd, which comprised as many Demo
crats as Republicans, quietly left the of
fice.
In addition to the counties passed yes
! terday for argument before the contesting
board the counties of Hopkins. Jeftcrson
I Johnson. Knr.x. Lewis. Magoffln and Mar
| tin were passed to-dny. Jefferson County,
; In which Louisville is situated, was passed
; without much argument. Immediately on
the conclusion of the canvass Judge
I'ryor remarked to th- Democratic at
torneys:
"Gentlemen, you will please submit in
, writing when the board convenes to-mor
row written copies of the charge* you
I bring In each county and will of courso
serve copies upon th- attorneys on the
] other side "
Mr. Wilson of the Republicans then sug-
I gested that as the. great question to be
settled by the board to-morrow was
whether or not it had the right to go be
hind the certified returns it might be well
to argue that question first, as all the
others depended upon It. The matter was
i not decided, but It probably will be
! brought up a* the opening of the first con
: test in the morning. So Tar there has not
bees, the lightest indication of trouble in
Frankfort.
DESTROYEB LAUNCHED.
NEW YORK. Dec. 5.-The torpedo-boat
destroyer Bailey was launched from the
yard of Charles L. Seabury A Co. at Mor
ris Heights on the Harlem River to-day
Miss Florence Beekmaa Bailey, Bran
daughter of the late Rear Admiral Bailey
U. 8. N.. acted as sponsor. "«"»e>,
The Bailey, which is the first torpedo
boat destroyer ever launched In this , i v '
Is one of three destroyers for which uro'
vision was made by the last-Conereas
She was designed by the builders umi
. must do thirty knots an hour to fo t,^
cepted by the Government. About ?**«
people witnessed the launching. In which
the Government was represented hv v.
ficCl"ilasL aVal Conbtruclora Hoover and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What will It buy for ths boy at the
ordinary retail store?
When you want som-thing goo .
nnd nice you pay 56.50 to $7-50.
The same suit* her?, "irom mill to
man direct," at 65.00.
i# A *
REEFER SU!T-Ae« 3 t-»9 All o f
the^e ;re first- c List, all -woo!
gcoJs an : Litr^t vies.
For boys 3to 9 Something they'll
be prou of. A wholesale assort-
ment.
BLOUSE SUlT— Ages 4to 10. Not
cheap roojs; rut tin: goods at
a very low price.
SINGLE md DOUBLE BREASTED
(VEST)SUfIS-9toi 5 .
Is the toy wortn spending 55 on— be
he 3 years or 15? Then, it you want
tosavesi.sotof2.so,com?down tothr
wholesale and manufacturing house.
Brown Bros.
& Co.,
Retailing "Direct from HI I to
Man" in San Francisco Only.
121-123 Sansome Street,
Near Pine— At the B m Signs.
If you don't savo enough gas
in using th?. ° &
VVelsbach _
in your homes to W Jw
run a gas ran^e, BL MA M
it's because you 1 *.v--' &■■**■
use too many H ■$
burners like this— *™*™wW?
The Genuine CUe* Trade
s«.V-n iO % l(l . WELSBACH
sealed Ooa Bearing -....-..
ALL DEALERS
*noar* nf Ontntrrftt MantUt and eXtap
tmifrtJ.jH trail |i,ir i,
RRTTQUJ7C FOR BAnnEns. bak-
UILUOIIIjO " bootblack*, bath-
house*, billiard table*.
brewer*, bookbinder*, candy-makers, rann- •
'lyer«. Hour mli!». foundries, laundries, paper-
dangers, primer*, painters. shoe factories.
■tablemen. tar-roofer». tanner*, tailor*. «tc.
BUCtIA.NXS UKOS H
Brush Manufacturer*, ooy sacrameoto •*»WORK OF THE
LAW DEPARTMENT
Reportof Attorney Gen-
eral Griggs.
JUDGES' PAY TOO SMALL
:OMMOTS UPON ACTIONS
AGAINST TRUSTS.
Recommends That the Chief Justice 1 *
Salary Be $20,000 and the As
sociates' $10,000
Yearly.
*P»cl« teTheCBJIL
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.-Attorney Gen
eral <JrlKirs. In his annual report to Con
£!•*•**. reviews the work of the Depart
ment of Justice during the year and then
Rays that application In occasionally made
to the department to have legal proceed
ings troujjht In the name of the United
Kta'.es against corporations or combina
tions of companies thm are alleged to be
engaged In forming or maintaining mo
nopolies or agreements In restraint of
trade or competition. Upon the subject
the report says:
Puch actions can h» maintained only when
the offeree comn within Hie bcope of the Fed
cr *> *tatute. The only Federal law cc«lr.st
combination* in restraint of trade Is contained
«n th» ro-called Sherman act of July 2. ISM.
It will »><. observed that th!« Mature Is directed
miy ncalntl combinations or monopolies In
restraint or trade <t commerce amen* the sev
'!«! States or with foreign nations. It dr.es
t i r< tend to so Into other branches of busl
nesi i t commence or attempt In any way to
•.r,:-rr< re with UtOM transactions which are
u.irn-d m esehulvaly within the confines of a
t-'uXe, or which do not amount to what under
th# decision* of the United Ptates Supreme
Court. I* uuderitood by the term ••Interstate
p< mmerce."
Tlie Federal Government hai« no constltu
tl'-nal tisht to *uj>crvlse. direct or Interfere
(rtlh the transaction of ordinary business by
the penile of tfc,< tevrral States unless such
I>u*!aes«i relate* directly, and not incldentaJly.
to Interstate commerce, and such has been the
decision of the Supreme Couzt of the United i
States.
The Attorney General discusses this
rubjwt n t sump lenjjth, (juotlnp freely !
fn :n the decisions of the court? Kustaln-
Irq his position, uf.d in conclusion nays:
In ;il! «'«*•»» uhejM the factt presented to the
Attorney General, rarat'le of 1< (ral proof, have
fM:^ ::nb-<1 natlnfactorlly mrh an aKreement or
ea n'.rj'.: r, in r»-*traint of '.r.temtat'* com
:i •!<-«• n» •». cnr.temi>lat>*d hy the Sherman act.
!• sal prt>c»fdlncs have been taken In the name
t..' tin* United Stat«-». elt*i«r to dlrcolve the
i'"rrM:.st!on «.:r to punlnh the offender* by In
d:ctni<-Tit.
On the subject of judicial salaries the
Ait ore ey General t-ays:
It i» not an uncommon thing' to find a lawyer
nrr^artnjr lirforv th? UnttM !Sttt»-» c«'Urt* In a
rpy* where his fee f»r one argument exceed*
Ibe ar.rui.l of the JjJk<- The Judge* of
ihf United States fcuj>reme <v,urt and the Or
< ult and l'i^tr:ct rourt* are Inadequately com
f'-onted. The wrap Is true of thi.se of the
Cocrt ot Claim*. T>ie courts of the United
Stmtes nr» r\«rvwhcrr Jn the civilised world
hell in the very hijrhrst repute, yet their j
Jiiil-rf* arr paid smaller mlarles than are ml' •
',uw. 1 tiy :*if Stair* t'l State Judces in very
mar.y Jurlsdlctlnns. I tx-lirve thut an increase
! i 1i 1 ■• p»'.iiry nl the Oi!ef Justice and Asso
ciate .'ustlre* of the Sur>reme <~ourt to tTO.oOO
n vr-nr. of the Or<~ult Court Judges to llO.frm.
:iv.\ th<^ T'tftrirt .ludrf-s to tT.v-0 a year would
be a Klmple m~«*'.ire of Justice and approvrd t>y
< vrty .'•Jrt rr.lnded cltlzesi.
< 'ii the subject of Alaska the Attorney
<;. :.>. r:tl rays:
T!ie adminl«ratir,n of alTairs In Alaska and :
■ . :.y the i.dmtni«trat!nn of Justice throuich
th» courts and c.iiirt offlcen is net satisfactory.
• mlr.a' hu*:npt» of Alaska has doubled
n-iihln Xh<> year nnl tSe civil business ha*
plied {■ \.r t!n;is -~vrr. Complaints of the
. t • f thf :r. vision e^tuh'iFVed f«.r
t.... ntaSnlns law and crder and enrorcluj: the
MUNICIPALITIES
OF CALIFORNIA
IN CONFERENCE
Annual Session Will
Occur Here.
V DELEGATES EXPECTED
STREET LAWS AND WATER TO
BE DEBATED.
♦
Next week, on Wednesday. Thursday
and Friday, the League of California
Municipalities, meeting In convention in
Pioneer Hall in this city, will devote Its
lime to the discussion of two leading
tojjlcs. The first of thene Is "Street Im
provement Acts." and F. K. Lane, W.
A. Hcaslty of San Jose. George Pcarce of
Sar.ta K<*a. E. K. Taylor of Alameda
and City Attorney Haas of Los Angeles
are assigned on the programme to bring
out the facts concerning that subject.
The *rci->nd topic la "Experience of Cities
With Municipal Water Works." This
topic also has a number of speaker* as
rlrnci to introduce and discuss it. The
list embraces T. H. Carr of Nevada City.
Mayor Sw« ct of Santa Rosa. Mayor Lamb
Of Banta Cruz and Mayor Druffel of Santa
Cl:ira.
Altogether there are seven California
Mayers set duwn to take an active part
in the proceedings, these being Mayors
Phf'.;in. Snow of Oakland. Brooks of
Marysville, Eaton of Ix>s Angeles, Capps
of San Diego, Sweet of Santa Rosa and
Lamb of Santa Cruz.
la ■•Mltl • stated topics, many
.ip Tb.-re will
: minute papers upon
.
■ loa of the
-laws
: <Ifd in all BfOb
boX."
TOSTUM CEREAL.
HARD ON TRAVELER.
Nearly Killed by Coffee.
i raveling: man
I t agree with him. I had
•it y thor-
•.Jy.
Nern OOMMCt*4 with an im-
» !■ New York and
•Irlnking a great deal of
««o badly out of or-
■ time I would
Tl). h»-iiri was aIM Involved
and gave so jnu< h trouble that I was
, • arini: that
... up.
f th- trouble was not
. ■ ■ : ■ B •■■-
. as about I'ostum Food
•■ • ■• at once.
• n drinking nothing
in that UK t>ut I'-'Stum. The results
.•j.rised m»*. I am on th«»
inp. and carry a ;>acka«e of
. using the
ht month*) my
•• in a per-
and I have grained
over twenty-flv< I have recom-
a score of friends and
have be> n thnnked by them repeated-
txJ'— K. B, Friar, Tunkhajinock. Pa.
THE Okhotsk P^a whaling fleet is all ready for another cruise, and yesterday the first of the vessels went to sea.
r --he met 1 Northern Light, hound in. For rears 1 ttei ■ I w--nt regularly to the Arrtlc.
bul was finally retired I - Kotsebui B 1 excitement ih< • - lined nut to carry passengers, and on her re
turn waa turned Into a lumber vessel. <»n this last trip 1 n her beam -nils and nearly went down.
criminal statutes are universal. At present
there Is only one United States Jtidee. one
Marshal find one IMhtriot Attorney for this
whole va*t extent of territory, and •-.■•> an"
not able tn dispose of one-tenth of the busi
1 ness presented.
The report urpes upon Congress the ne
cessity of providing for the appointment
of an additional District Judpe. an addi
tional United States District Attorney
and Marshal, and that the territory be
dlvldt-d Into two districts. The Attorney
General recommends that the salary of
the District Attorney or the District At
torneys, if two are provided, be Uxed at
$5000 a year.
TO BRING BACK DEAD
HEROES OF THE MAINE
Bodies of the Sailors Will Be Ex
humed in Havana and Reburied
at Arlington.
WASHINGTON. Dee. Assistant Sec
retary Allen has received a letter from
Captain J. G. Greene, commandant of the
naval station at Havana, saying that con
tracts have been executed for <-xhuminK
the remains of the dead of the battleship
Maine, buried in Colon Cemetery, and
savins also that they can be removed to
the I'nited States at any time after the
lath Instant. The battleship Texas, which
will be used for the transportation of the
remains, is now on her way from Uruns
wick. Ga.. to Hampton Roads, where she
will coal and provision and then start for
Havana. These remains are to be brought
to Washington and reinterred in the Na
tional Cemetery- at Arlington with full
military honors.
Pioneer Killough Dead.
PLACERVILLE. Dec. 5.— J. W. Kil
louph, a pioneer resident and one of the
most prominent farmers in the county,
died nt hJs home four miles west of this
<ity last evening. A widow and two
dauphters survive him.
which, conveniently, will offer a chance
for the Introduction of such considera
tions as have been previously overlooked.
The tv ressions will be held on Wednes
day, the first at 2 p. m. Threo sessions will
mark each of the other two days of the I
season— morning, afternoon and evening.
A low transportation rate has been ••
cured to bring the delegates to the city.
Mayor flan is the president of the
league. He will make an address, re
viewing the work of the past year, the
first or the existence <>f the league. An '
address will be made by President David
Starr Jordan of Stanford University
Wednesday evening. According to the of
flor-rs of the league, the expectation Is
entertained that nctween sixty and .-• v
enty municipalities will he. represented.
Several cities have already bidden for the
next annual session of the league, in
cluding Santa Rosa, Stockton, Los An
geles, San Jose and Fresno. "Much in
terest," says the official organ of the
league, "will be developed in the fixing of
a programme for the future." For that
reason that will be the first matter con
sidered after the address of the presi
dent and the annual report of the offi
cers.
All municipal officers are privileged to
attend the convention and to participate
in its proceedings, and no special pro
ceeding is necessary to fleet them.
Boards of Trustees and City Council* are
authorized by lh< league to <<loct one or'
more delegates.
The officers of the league and the com
mitt, are as follows: President, James
I). Phelan; vice presidents. J. W. Rich
ards of Hi ley and W. H. Tun of
Merced; secretary. H. A. Mason of .Santa
Clara; treasurer, M. L. llanscom of
Berkeley: executive committee— James D.
Phelan. James Hutchinson of Palo Alto.
B. F. Lamborn of Alameda: Improvement
committee— D. O. Druffel of Santa Clara,
C. W. Agee of Merced. Charles Francee
of Sallnax; legislative committee— T. H.
Carr of Nevada City. E. M. Burke of.
Santa Barbara. C. A. Jacobson of Pcta
luma, C. N. Klrkbrlde of Ban Matco. F.
H. Albright of Red Bluff; judiciary com
mittee — Joseph Hutchinson of Palo Alto,
B. A. Hayne of Berkeley, C. N. Kirk
brlde. of San Mat.-., R. F. Robertson of
Los Gatos. E. K. Taylor of Alameda.
• ■ ■■ .. ■ *
UNITARIAN'S NEW PASTOR.
Rev. E. Bradford Leavitt of Wash
ington to Arrive Here in January.
The call that the members of the First
Unitarian Church sent to the Rev. E.
Bradford Leavitt of Washington to be
come their permanent minister has been
accepted by him and on Sunday last his
formal letter of acceptance was read to
the congregation.
Mr Leavitt is expected to arrive here,
in January and will at once enter on his
new duties. Dr. Stebbins will, with occa
sional relief, hold the services until the
reverend gentleman* arrival.
..■ » ■
Latmer Exhibition of Paintings.
The pupils of the Latmer School of Art
held an exhibition in the Maple room of
the Palace Hotel last evening. The place
was crowded with an Interested throng of
relatives, friends and admirers of flue
work with the brush, who passed a thor
oughly enjoyable evening Inspecting; the
many excellent paintings on exhibition
and listening to the music that was ren
dered for their entertainment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DEOEMBEB 6, 1899.
Two Old Whalers Meeting on the Bar.
DECISION IN
BIG LAND CASE
Petition of James Dow
Is Denied.
Special Dispatch |
REDWOOD CITY, Dee. s.— Judpe Buck
to-day decided the petition of James J.
DOW, wherein it was asked that peti
tioner be declared tIM sola owner of -what
wn as the Dow property, embracing
land! in San Mateo valued at Sl<v>,<ViO. A
!• v DBOnths apo Jum- • J. Dow 1 in t*W
Superior Court of U ;. petition
in which he nll< h>h that la AUffUl
William Dow and Bllsabeth i>. Dow in
1 termnrrlfd and remainrd husband rrnl
, wife until the death '•! the latter in 1877;
: that said Elizabeth left surviving her the
rhllrtren, Joho I)ow and Jiimcn J. ltc.w
and h. r husband, WUUam Dow; that at
the tine "f her death the and her h-.:s
liinil r« <ii!'!>-.i tiv lundH described In the
ii as s homestead which bad
<ln!y • i. i! tn the hii.-
hand out of tho community property In
>nd that William Dow died In lttt.
Petitioner prayed for ■ decree of the
court that upon the death of Elizabeth
I\ jmw paid homestead property '■■ ■ -
clano rely In said William
Dow. An ord'-r to i»how cause was made
upon tht- JTtli day of Ml v. 1899. In
to th!« or<!<-r H. Wlsnom.
Onyon, J. K. Rodjcr 1 Am ■' i:>.]jjerß,
Clement Dizon, Frederick Damara, P. P
t'hHtnberlatn, Joseph Paradl Masgle J
Sulii\.in, W. M. C. Cold well, Robert I.ut-
Mny Coldwell anii Hannah Jai:s>n
appeared and riu-d a demurrer and conse
, quently an answer with n petition. Th<-sf(
latti r parties claimed to no the owners of
the property described In the petition.
i having dfrive.l their title thereto by con
veyancee from William Dow nnd by thf
Btatute!« of limitation. Th^ action was
iof considerable interest here and ot
v in Ban Mateo, for the lands de-
rlbed are situated In the very heart of
the latter city and ar*> valued at not 'e*s
than IMn.fxio. The estate comprises some
of the most valuable business property in
Son Mateo. and larpe sums have been
1 spent by the present owners for itnprove
, menta. The petition and answer were
' heard by the court and submitted seme
; time ago.
Church Bazaar Opens To-Nieht.
The ladles of the Westminster Presby
terian Church will hold their unnr.al ba
nd sale of fancy and staple articles
in »he church parlors, corner of Webster
and Page street n. commencing this"
ing end continuing Thursday and Friday
aft.moons and evenings. Refreshments
will DS Bold by the Indies. An attractive
programme of mufJc. etc., will be ren
dered every evening.
Coeducation, says the Puritan, tends to
discourage sentiment
ATTEMPTED TO HANG
HERSELF IN A CELL
THE ACT OF ALMA HOWARD, A
MORPHINE "FIEND."
She Was Sentenced to Five Months
for Petty Larceny, but Said She
Would Rather Die.
Alma Howard, a morphine "fiend." at
tempted to hang herself In a cell in the
City Prison yesterday morning, and if a
"trusty" who had occasion to pass the
cell had not discovered her she would
have accomplished her purpose. She was
in one of the women's cells, which are
entirely excluded from observation of any
of the prison officials.
She had been talking with her attorney
a few minutes before, and when ii
"trusty" took her back to her cell, of
which she was the solo occupant, he no
ticed that she was very much excited. It
struck him a few minutes later that he
would pass the cell and see how she was
petting along, and he noticed her hanging
by the neck. She had made a rope out of
her petticoat, and. climbing on top Of a
bench, had tied the ends to a cross bar
to the entrance to the toilet. The other
ends she tied around her neck and Jumped
off the bench. The "trusty" promptly
opened the cell door and. taking hold of
her body, gave it a Jerk and Broke the
rope. He then notified the prison official*
and she was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital, where she soon recovered. She was
later sent to the Branch County Jail.
She came Into notice in August last,
when she was sentenced to thirty days
for stealing a silk waist from a dry goods
store on Market street. On Wednesday
last Judge Graham sentenced her to five
months for stealing a gold pin belonging
to her landlady, but she declared that
she would rather kill herself than «.-rv..
the sentence. She was foolish enough to
concoct a story that she belonged to the
aristocratic Fairfax family ..r Virginia
but later admitted that .^he was a urid
uate of a girls 1 training home la New
HAS WON FAME ABROAD.
Orrin Peck, the Famous Portrait
Painter, Here for the Winter.
San Francisco always tak. s pleasure
in Welcoming bark those of her son.- and
daughters who have by their talents and
Industry s=i»read abroad the fame of her
maternity. Therefore It was with genuine
delight she received Orrin Peck, when he
returned the other day after nn absence
of many years Bpent in England and on
the Continent. Mr. Peck, who <-<>r.i t
here accompanied by his mother to spend
the winter as the guest of his sister \\-
F. <;. Banborn, who has been so promi
nently Identified with Hed Cn<s work,
has achieved for himself a reputation aJ
s:n artift of which he may be justly
proud.
Leaving hero some twenty years ago
he has ever since devoted himself to the
study of painting, with thf» result that
to-day he Stands among the very fcre
most artists of his time.
His f.rst Studies Were made in Munich
since which tin..- he has studied and'
painted in nearly every capita] m the
world. His pictures and portraits have
won for him gold medals at the exhlbi
tions of Vienna, Munich and Herlin and
have received mention with the best it
the Paris Salon whenever he has ■-•
to exhibit them.
Mr. Peck is n prominent member of the
noh.-mian Club and will make thit
pine- his headquarters until he can find
rooms suitable for n studio in which to
accomplish the work he has mapped out
for himself this winter.
This is the third visit that Mr. Peck ha«
made to his home since leaving twenty
years ago. In all of hia travels he has
been accompanied by his mother who is
with him on his present trip here.'
WILSON ON THE STAND.
Gives Testimony During the Trial of
"Straw Bond" Kelly.
Thomas A. Kelly, now on trial before
Judge Lawlor on a charge of forging
straw bonds for the release of Harry
Wilson on three charges of petty larceny
is beginning 10 look as though he appre
ciated the doubtful position he occupies
Wilson took the stand yesterday and re
peated the story told at the preliminary
examination as to how J. Jf E Wilson
received **"> from him and told him thnt
he was at liberty to go. as the case had
been fixed. Ho said that he uvnt d"w
town after having been released, met Wil
son and they walked up town together
There they met a smooth faced young
man who resembled the defendant but he
could not say that it was he, neither
could he say that It was not. The wit
ness then left them, believing that he wai
free and left the city. Richard Bldwell
William J. O'Connor, John F. Sevmmir
and Hond Expert C. D. Neuman also gave
testimony In the case. The hearing will
continue to-day.
HARD LUCK THE
PORTION OF THE
OVERDUE FLEET
Several of Them Have
Made Port.
NORTHERN LIGHT'S DANGER
WAS ON HER BEAM ENDS AND
NEARLY WENT DOWN.
A fresh northerly breeze brought quite
a number of the overdue fleet Into port
yesterday. Among; them were some of
the vessels spoken by the revenue cutter
McCulloeh and pupplied with provisions.
Not a word has been heard from the yea-
Bels that are longest out.
The flf^»t that pot in yesterday was com
posed of the J >hn I>. Tallaat, I*> days from
I'nrr < I:i m :.lr> ; Srv.-ri Bisters, M days from
Bay; La Oironde, 23 rinys from
Grays Harbor for Ban Pedro; l.ottitia. 23
days from Qraya Harbor; invincible, 21
daya from Port Blakilcy; CharlM Hun
son, 27 days from Coos Bay; <<;urtney
Kurd, 10 days from Port l.udlow. Coqilllle,
27 days from * "o<iuHl*» Riv» r. and Northern
Light, 2f> days from Port Blak* ley.
Tlir La Qirond« was am.jn« the first to
%i 1 in. She was 1. akin*,- badly and Cap
tain Hanson came to the conclusion that
Blanco, tli>: vessel sprang a leak
and ever since the men have- been at the
pumps. In spite of their beat • tTortd the
water gained >.n them, and when the yes
;-• i w.is headed for Ban Francisco there
was three f«et of water in the hold. The
ncr waa run on tht- Mission mud
Oats v m "ii <i« she cane Into t»»rt.
The Kbooner Seven Ulsters had a tem
peatuooi time coming from Coos Bay, but
waa DOI damaged to any fXtont. She saw
tht Noonday rock buoy adrift. Another
buoy marki-'l "Noonday rock" was placd
in the position nf the "id >>n«- yesterday.
The i';trk Northern Light hmi a very
bad time of It. t'aptain Challeston re
ports that for fourteen day* thoy had
nothing hut southeast pales, some of
which blew as hard as a typhoon. The
ii< ikload shifted, tht.' bark was thrown
r bean ends, some of the bulwarks
were carried away and the channels
started thi starboard waterways. Then
the pumps choked, and fur ■ time it
seemed v though the "Id Northern Light
was doomed. There was *ix feet of water
in th<> h"l<l. and no boat ever built could
live i t i the Ma that was running.
Wh. n thniKs were at their worst, the
ngs broke and the deckload went by
the board. The was then got' on
the other tack, when sh«> righted herself.
The pumps were cleared and from then
t" port the Northern Light made fairly
w. sther "f It.
The schooner Premier, 21 days from
Olympta, had a succession of strong gales
with a heavy cross sea all the way down
the coast. On November 2:i. when off the
coast of Vancouver Island. 1 1.- spanker
boom It ke. Then the deckload shifted
the deckhouse was start<<! rm<l aKain and
■ i f.Un the ■ . m i flooded with water.
The Charles Hansen. days from Coos
bad her foresail blown away and
th>- head gear '"m off. Ttv- mainsail split
Into ribbons and the two boats were
stove In.
All the captains Join In saying that
never before In the history of the coast
■uch s succession "f southeast gales
f( r BUCh a !. nmh of time.
Since th. chai ■!. the coasters
whi'-h have l«ft northern ports during the
past week hnvo been making rood trips.
barkentlne Monitor left Eureka on
i in.-i. ..nd marl.' p.irt yesterday
afternoon. Th. bris Courtney Port also
came In fr-.m I d, having made
the run fn m Porl Ludlow In 1 1 o
a istralla arrived
from Honolulu yesterda) after a fair run
of I days 10 hours. Captain ii'iudlette
will not k'o out in command of the
next trip. His place will be taken by
Chief < iiiicer R. T. Lawless. Captain
Houdlette will tak.- command of the
Maripi.su .m her arrival from Australia,
and Captain Haywaru will go Bast t.i
• ■'It "He Of tl.
building by Cramps for the oceanic
Steamsnip < lompany.
The i abin passengers who came up
on th.- Australia were: X i> Hres
ley. 11. Conn. Mrs J T Id
son, Mrs. m Crosson, A. A
Mi^s A T Thayer, Miss L. Holies. M:
w s Terrey, A Allison, Mis* a Wilson
and maid, n. P. Weber, C, Johnson. Mrs
L. T. Grant, \v. n. Armstrong, H i
Lamey, X Lindsley, H. Dickerman, Mr-<
T Lucas and two children, A. H. Small
B r DilHngham and Dr. It. W. Ander
son.
Lieutenant B. P. Berthoff arrived from
Juneau yesterday and will join the rev
enue cutter Bear to-day as executive offi
cer.
The transport Sheridan arrived from
Manila via Nagasaki yesterday. She was
delayed in get ting coal and was nearly
two days after the Grant in getting
away. She only brought up three pas
sengers, one of whom was Captain Dorris
of the wrecked transport Morgan City.
The vessel is still in the stream, but will
probably take the place of the Sherman
at Poison street wharf when that vessel
sails for Manila to-day with a battalion
of the Forty-ninth Regiment and 150 re
cruits. The Grant will leave here about
the 14th lnst. for Seattle to load hay.
grain and stores and she may be follow
ed by the Sheridan. If both vessels load
at Seattlo they will come back to San
Francisco and take away tr** colored
regiment now in quarantine r^ /'igel Isl
and.
The Centennial took P^mrd a load of
horses for Manila yesterday. She will
probably get away early to-day and will
stop at Honolulu on the road.
The Master Mariners' Benevolent Asso
ciation will irlve Its annual ball In Odd
Fellows' Hall next Saturday evening. A
most enjoyable time Is anticipated.
TRIED A SECOND TIME
TO END HIS LIFE
Lannis McClaren Attempts to Jump
Out of a Window, but Is
Frustrated.
I.nnnis McClaren, the merchant of Cres
cent City, Del Norto County, who at
tempted to end his life Monday morning
by stabbing himself twenty times In the
region of the heart, tried to complete his
efforts by attempting to jump out of a
window at MS Hayes street. Again he
was unsuccessful, though hut for the vigi
lance of two ladles he would now be past
all earthly suffering.
When McClaren's wounds were dressed
on Monday he was taken to the residence
of Mrs. McCarthy at 648 Hayes street and
a careful watch was placed over th.- de
mented man. Taking advantage yester
day afternoon of the absence of his
nurse Mc«'laren proceeded to crawl
through the window of his bedroom,
which Is on th* second Hoor. His evident
Intention was to throw himself to the
street below, and he might have succceed
ed but for the return of his nurse, who,
seeing her patient's perilous position,
grabbed him by the arms and attempted
to pull him Into the room. Her screams
for help attracted Mrs. McCarthy and a
painter who was working on the outside
of the house, and with their combined ef
forts they managed to drag him Into the
room. His condition became worse and
he was i moved to the Receiving Hospi
tal and was later taken to St. Mary's
Hospital, where he Is carefully watched.
M. LUBECK HONORED.
Received a Medal and Certificate
From the German Emperor.
M. Lubeck. a resident of San Franclaco
for many years, received a distinction of
honor yesterday in the way of a medal
from Emperor William of Germany. Tne
badge of h'>nor is of gun metal and was
conferred upon the veterans of the Fran
co-Prussian war at the one hundredth an
niversary of the birthday of Emperor
William I. Mr. Lubeck. who fought brave
ly and well In the war of IM>4 with Den
mark: In 18S6-fi7 against Austria, and In
I>>7" acatnsi France, applied to the Ger
man Government for one of the honorary
medals. He received his reward of aervlco
yesterday.
■ m •
In Japan the bride gives the wedding
presents to her parents.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS: READING COURSES.
Copyright, 1899. by Seymour Eaton.
in.— READING COURSES AND A
GIRLS LIBRARY.
BY JOHN MILLAR. M.A.
Reading Circles.
The years of school life are short for
most persons. Fifty per cent of all chil
dren who enter school leave before the
age of 12. Too often the love of read:
is not created before the duties of life
are to be assumed. The girl who has no
taste for literature should seek, so far
as she can. the environment which will
give her a love for good books. Parents
and friends may not be the best Judges of
proper reading matter. Not Infrequently
teachers suggest reading courses for ex
pupils of their schools. It Is a great ad
vantage to young people when bob ptr
son in the community Interests himself In
the formation of reading circles. The
young woman who Joins a good liter;' ry
society or reading club has a chance of
getting above many of the petty cares
and the gossip of this life Into a higher
realm— the realm of ideals.
Organizations of this kind sometimes
anbtmoe itiidCßti attending • •
Institutions, but more frequently th>-
membership is made up of persons who
huvo finished school life. When the laat
lesson Is Riven children by the teacher
there should be some mean* of hav<ng
the process of education continued. It Is
becoming more fully recognized that the
boys and girls who are "out of school"
deserve consideration. Public libraries
are not enough. Hence the many move
ments such as "university extension" of
the present day. The need of "school ex
tension" Is more pressing. Perhaps no
development in this direction has had
such marvelous success as the Chautau
qua literary and scientific circle. The
plan has paved the way for a system of
home reading and study which has In
come widespread. It Is often maintained
that methods of this kind cannot furnish
opportunities for getting the best train
ing, and that the knowledge gained hi
superficial. There Is some force In these
objections. Attendance at college Is to
be preferred. Only a few have, however,
the privilege of going to the higher -rats
of learning. It Is for the great body of
young people that movements of the kind
mentioned are Intended. A demand for
the education of the masses Is a sign of
the Christian conscience. Hence the or
ganization of literary associations in con
nection with many congregations. In
obedience to the same demand. Christian
Endeavor and Epworth League move
ments have not overlooked the benefits
of good literature. Unfortunately, efforts
of the kind have not reached many
young persons. What is needed very
much Is public school extension, Bnme
plan Is urgent for extending the useful
ness of the school to the students who
have at an early age been obliged to
work In the home, the office, the store or
the factory. Reading clubs may be
formed wherever there Is available some
person able and willing to give advice re
garding the books to oe taken up. It is
not necessary that the club should be
large, provided the few who constitute Its
membership are filled with the desire for
self-Improvement. The organization of a
reading circle Is a simple process. A
dozen or a less number meet once a week
to discuss matters pertaining to the book
read by each of the members. Another
book is read, and at the next meeting
notes are again compared. Opinions are
freely expressed, and mutual hen*-: re
suits from the Interchange of opinion.
No attempt at critical examination
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
LI— ARITHMETIC OF THE OFFICE
Lesson No. 3 — Discount.
A discount it) a reduction trom the fac»»
value. When we Hay that a discount Of 5
per cent is allowed on a bin or an account
we mean that $5 has been "thrown off"
•ry $11*1. when we >.iy ih.it a bank
discounts our not. at
that they charge »« Interest at the rate
of 6 per cent for cashing the note. Note
the following illustrations:
A dealer *ells ■ lull ol i^n.i.is th<» gross
amount of which Is $543 »>'; h^ allows a dis
count of 20 per cent; find the net amount
of the bill.
We find 20 per cent of $543 <V) by multl
plylnß by 20 and dividing by MO. Twenty
per cent of a number i.* 20 hundredth* of
the number. To divide by 100 we cut off
th<> two additional decimal places. It
iMi't necessary, however, t" write down
the 20 an a multiplier. We simply multi
ply by 2 and carry une place
to the rigrht. The discount in $16S 72. and
the not amount of the bill in $674 88. To
find 30 per cent multiply by :i and carry
one place to the right. To rind 40 per cent
multiply by 4 ami carry one place to the
right. To find 60 per cent take one-half:
to find 25 per cent take one-fourth- to
find 12W per rent take one-eighth. To
flrul 1') per cent of a number we simply
tak»- one-tenth of It— that Is, remove the
decimal point one place to the left- 10
per cent r.f $4»> 50 la $49 65. In the same
way we <;.n dsdud two or three discounts
as in the following example:
A dealer allows 20. io and 2 oft a bill of
1720; find the net amount.
The net amount of the bill Is $508 03. To
deduct 2 per cent multiply by 2 and carry
two places to the right: 3 per cent, 4 per
cent. 6 per cent. 7 per cent. etc.. are de
ducted In the same way; 6 per cent la one
half of 10 per cent; I per cent la the same
number with the decimal point removed
two places to the left; Vi per cent Is one
half of 1 per cent. It Is not necessary to
carry the figures more than three places
to the right of the decimal point. Solve
the following exercises:
. 1- A merchant sells goods catalogued at
$67fi 40 at a discount of 20 per cent find
the net amount of the bill.
2 ;. i Th catalogue price of a particular
article Is $27 50. If a discount of 40 per
cent Is allowed, what Is the selling prloe?
should be attempted. Too much time my
bo wasted if the "niceties" of diction,
figures of rhetoric, etc.. receive attention.
An Intelligent understanding: of what 1*
read should be the main object. If a
play of Shakespeare Is read let the an
notated editions receive but little favor.
Discussions foreign to the purpose* of
the club should be discouraged. The
books read should be the works that have
had their value tested. It Is not neces
sary to have uniform copies of the text*
taken up. One good effect of these circles
should be to weaken the everlasting habit
of some young persons for reading trashy
books. The leader In an organization of
this kind may have discouragements.
The successful teacher or th* successful
preacher must have a stout heart. Much
of the success of the circle will depend on
enthusiasm, personal magnetism, tact
and good comxnon-sense.
Reading Courses.
To make a list of books for which pref
erence should be given is not an easy
task. Much depends upon the tastts. at
tainments and purposes, of the reader.
Guidance Is very - rabta, and teacher*
who have a Rood knowledge of literature
will generally prove the best advtaer*.
It Is a common practice for schools to
prescribe courses for supplementary read-
Ing. When convenient, a young woman
will not make a mistake by taking up the
books read by the students of the gram
mar or high school. In this way she may
keep herself In touch with the work of
those who are more fortunate in not be
ing obliged to leave school so soon. If a
girl has access to a public library a sys
tematic course of reading ...
sued. To help girls who may not have
some one to guide them a fortes of read
ing courses Is ht-re recommended. It la
not assumed that a better choice cannot
be made. It Is hoped, however, the selec
tions will prove serviceable:
Tint coune— Hawthorne's "TaiiirUwood
Tale*. Mm. Htowe> 'Queer Ltttlt People."
Ixrxrfellow's "BalMinf of th» Bhlp." , .)•'■•
Pilgrim « Progress." Iturna' "Cotter's Satur
day Niitht. Miss Alc<jtfs •I.ittl- Women."
Whlttler'i "Barbara Kreltchle." Scott's "La.lr
of the Lake." Miss W>ther«lli "Qu»ecny "
Gray's 'El^y.' OoMsmtth's "Vicar of *Vak»
n*ld." 80-ant '• ••Hubert of IJncoln." Dlck#n«*
"Old Curiosity Shop."
P«?ond course— Mrs. Htr>w» '■ "Uncle Tom's
Cabin." Irvine'* "Knickerbocker" start**.
I* ntcMkiw's "Eranifi'llne." Shakeipeure •
"Merctiant of Venice." Tennyson's "Un.uh,
Ar.l»n." Whlttler's "Maud Muller." Ootd
smlth's "Deserted Vlllase." Scott's K^nll
worth." Dlekrns' "David pp*rfl«l(l." Char
lotte Bronte's "Jane Eyre."
Third course— Goldsmith* "Traveler." Long
fellow's •"Hiawatha." Tennyson's "Lock*!*/
Hall." Bryant's '"ThanatopsJ*." Ward's "LHrk
ens"' (English Men of Letters). Pi- k. n-' "Oliver
Twist," Holme** "Autocrat of the Breakfast
Table."' Addlson'* "Kir ftocer &* Coverley."
Shakespeare's "Julius Caesar." Warner' a
""Harking Ftudles." Wallace's "Ben Hur."
Fourth course — Curtis' "I'm* and I." Scott*
"Lay of the Last Minstrel," Jjhakesp«are"»
"Romeo and Juliet." Mr* Browninr** "Cry
of the Children." Lowell's "My Btudy Win
dows," Cowd-t's "The Task." Tennyson*
"The Princes*." Hawthorne"* "House of th*»
Seven Gable*," Blarkmore'* "Lorna Dona* "
George Eliot's "Adam Bed*." Hutton'a "Scott"
< English Men of Letters). Co!*rtdsV* "Th«
Klme of the Ancient Mariner." '-llowi
"Courtship of Mil-* Standlsh." Klngsley'a
"Alton Locke."
Fifth course — Emerson* "Compensation."
"Representative Men." Tennyson's "In Mem
orlam," Shakespeare* "Hnmlet." Scott's
"Marmlon." Hawthorne* "Ncarlet Letter."
Tharkeray'a "The Newcotnes." Warner's "Ir
ving" (American Men of Letters). Partunan'a
"Wolf* and Montcalm." Byron* "Child* Har
old." Thoreau'* "Walden." Morse* "Lincoln"
(American Statesmen), Browning's "My Last
Duchess." Victor Hugo's "Lea Miserable*."
Carlyle"* •"Burns." Gamett's "Emerson"
(Great Writer* Serte*).
Note— Lesson* In penmanship for Iris will
b« commenced next week.
3. A merchant allows a customer a dis
count of 10 and I off a bill of $632 20; what
is the net charge?
Note — The student must bear In mind
that a discount of 10 and 5 off la not th«
same as a discount of IS off. A discount
of 10 off $100 leaves $90. and 5 per cent from
$90 leaves 06 60. while l.'i per cent off lift)
leaves $<>. It In better for the seller to
allow M and 5 off than to allow 15 off.
4. Take a discount of 30. 10 and 22 1 * from
a Mil of $1200.
Note— 2V» off Is one-quarter of 10 per
cent.
5. The frross amount of a bill I* $«03 SO:
what Is 'he net amount after a discount
of 40* 20 and 2 per cent has be*n allowed?
6. The irrosis amount of a bill Is DMO 20;
what is the net amount after & discount
of 25 and I.' 1 ? has been allowed?
7. Deduct a discount of CO, 5 and hi per
cent from a bill of % 4000.
8. What Is the difference between a dis
count of 20. 10 and .'■ per cent and a dis
count of 35 per cent on ■ bill of $<iO0?
9. On January 1. l*M .i merchant *ellii
Roods catalogued at $17*4 at a discount of
30 and 10 per cent. The bill Is not paid un
til November 13. 1800. If Interest at t.i«
rate of 6 ] er cent Is charged how much
should the merchant receive?
10. Goods listed at $300 are bourht at a
discount cf 30 and 12** per cent. Th'-y ad
vanced In value 20 per cent on the list
price and are sold at a discount of 2<»
per cent. Find the profit.
Note— discounting of notes wiU t>#
taken up next week.
Hints and Answers.
Lessor No. 3. (1) 5541 12. (2) $1« 60. (3)
$.■>*) 53. (4> $737 10. (5) $326 36. (6) toil Si
(7) $1512 »•». (8) $27 20. (9> $123* 34 (twenty
two and a half months). (10) $501 75.
COITRSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1890-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Oirls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
TYSON INQUEST.
The Girl's Dying Statement Wai In*
formal and Not Admissible
in Court.
Coroner-elect Dr. R Beverley Cole at
tended the Inquest held yesterday morning
by Coroner Hill upon the body of Su-EIU
Tyson, who died of septic peritonitis at
014 A Powell street on December I. Th«
Coroner-elect appeared to bo much edified
at the judicial manner in which Coroner
Hill conducted the, examination.
Dr. 8. Newman, who li accused of hav
ing caused the death of Miss Tyson, and
John Vaccarl. her lover, were present,
but did not take the stand. It developed
from the testimony that the girl dying
statement would not be admissible In a
court of law. because On. Mather and
McNutt. who took her statement, ilid not
advise her that she was In a dying con
dition. Her statement was that Dr. New
man had been guilty of gross malpractice
and that Vaccari was the author of her
trouble.
Surßical Instruments found on Dr. New
man's operating table at the time of his
arrest were produced at the Inquest, and
Dr. Leland testified that If they had be«n
used In the dirty condition In which they
were found there would be almost • cer
tainty of blood poisoning from them.
A drug clerk named Eshmann testified
that he filled a prescription written by
Dr. Newman ana presented by Vaccarl.
Dr. Newman ha. l stated to Detective*
Dillon and Kuan that he had never seen
the dead jrtrl and did not know her.
The inquest will be resumed this mora
in*.
910
COURSING.
HUNTING.
BOXING
REVOLT OF
BERKELEY'S
FOOTBALLERS
T. c Team Refuses to Meet
Either Carlisle Indians
or Chicago.
Irwin J. Muma.. manager of the Uni
versity of California football team, was
mrrrlsed yrsierday to learn that the ma
jority of the members of the big eleven
refused to take part In a propobed game
with the Chicago team or that from Car
lisle Indian Hchool. In fact Manager
Muma was dumfounded to ilnd his men
In a rtate of revolution at a;:: =•. the pro
ject, as they had slgnltled their willing
ness throughout the season to meet any
team. East or West, any time before
Christmas nnd at any place.
Percy HaJl. the •tar halfback of the
past two ywn, announced that his foot
nail days were over. "Wreck" Womble.
v. :io has played end 00 brilliantly during
the same tieasou*, said he had trained
< nough this year. Their influence brought
Fix mflrc men to their way of thinking
nnd when the matter was put to ballot
the vote against playing an Eastern team
*tood S to 3. Unless the men can be in
fluenced to a contrary decision there will
not be an Kastern team on the coast this
year a* the loc;il ptayen are the ones
to decide.
"1 can scarcely understand their sudden
reversal of feeling." said Manager Muma
yesterday, "unless they have lost courage
Finre the big nu:n>\ and do not care to
chance defeat by the Indians or Chicago
nns. but wish to rest on the laurels of
their recent victory. Perhaps, too, they
ate tired of hard work and want some
thing easy. They are willing enough to
uike on the Multuomah team of Portland.
Or., because they believe it would require
little practice to defeat the webfoot men.
"One of my main objects in bringing out
an Eastern team was to increase the
funds already in the treasury of the as
sociation. This I am t»a.tlMied could be
done to th* extent of several thousand
dollar*, lioth the Indians and Chicago
men have agreed to come with nothing
more than their expenses guaranteed and
that would t.tke but a small slice from
tho receipts <'f such a game. 1 still have
hopes that the boys will take a different
view <f the mutter."
TROLLEf CAR EXTENSION
ON HOWARD STREET
Th« Nuevo Potrero Improvement
Club S^eks Better Street Car
Accommodation.
The residents of the Nuevo Totrero sec
tion of the city bordering on the west
isiope cf Potrero 11111 tttclug the Mission
desire better Ftreet railroad accommoda
tion. To attain this oltject the property
r.wnrrn, as represented by the .\"ue\ I*o
trero Improvement Club, met last night
al 131:3 Bhode Island Btrt-<;t and tovk pos
itive action, with a determination to ffet
the Market-stiret Railway Company to
♦ xtorid Its Howard and Twenty-fourth
btrrct. line from I'otrero avtnua to lihode
l(-land street, a distance uf three blocks.
At a previous meeting of this club the
►or rct.try was i!istrurt»-d to communlca.te
to Superintend" nt \ ::.'.:. n the views of the
jiroperiy owners. In answer to this com
munication k reply wa.s et-nt to Secretary
O. F. Klmball that the com
munication had Ix^'ii referred to J. L«. Wil
<-utt, vh«* r< prest-ntxtive of the Market
btrcet combine, who had giveu the com
jr.;.:.:. :it:i :. favorable consideration and
•would be pleioid to have the club delega
tion call upon the dir«ctor». This Infor
mation, cumins irom the head of the
Market-Street Hallway Company, * „ .-.
hailed with mv» h deltßht by the mem
l>< ri« of the club. To nivet the directors at
FUch time and place ••-- may be designat
ed a committf*' c-onhistlnfir of Georjje
«iu:hrir. C. F. Klmbnll. I'eter Stohlburi
..:. : Patrick Iteiily was appointed by the
jrrfldent. John Unrduhn.
In order :<i int-fi any objections that
might s<-iz« Mayor PhHan in the near lu
tur*-. at t-u«h time as the franchise for
the two remaining liiocks on Howard
htr^rt will opme Ix'fore him under the In
coming Siip«-r\isors. a committee consist
ing of PreFldi-nt Uarduhn, Ueorße Outhrie
and Peter SiohlburK was named, with ln
*trurtic.ns t<> BecmarjT Ktmball to com
munlcat*» with 111.* llutiur us to when he
will r<-r«'l\e t h< m.
Two
:
• |
>:k a;
■ ♦ ■
TRIED TO CAPTURE A CANNON.
One Deputy Street Superintendent
Fired With Military Passion.
All the mm with the nerve requisite to
capture a cannon are not in the Philip
pines, nor yet are they in South Africa.
«»ne lit least is a deputy in the Street De
jwirtmcnt of Sun Francisco. ll' mar.l
fested his bravery yesterday, and while
he tonic no xii'T© of ordnance it wan not
li!f fault.
The cannon upon which the Street De
partment deputy charged was located on
th*» Powell-stre.t pavement In front of
the Colombia Theat.-r. It is a large threo-
Inch brass affair, paid to have seen ser
vice in the Civil War. Ai present it is
one of the advertising proj>erUes of
"Shenandoah" and was placed in position
In front of the playhouse to advertise tho
current attraction. A supe uniformed .1
a Yankee soldier paraded up and down as
If on guard of th»* piece. For days and
day*. since the beginning of the
•"Shenandoah" engagement the cannon
has been unmolested, the fierce-looking,
phony Kolfller probably deterring interfer
ence. ]t heid It* position In brassy si
lence until yesterday, when a deputy of
the Street Suj*rintend*nt hove in view.
He paw the big gun and the fake soldi«»r
and Immediately sounded (he charge. The
Foldler never llinrhoj when the deputy
ordered him to drat; th«s cannon away.
"I'm paid to act." said the uniformed
ran "not to labor. I>o it yourself."
The deputy, apparently, wasn't looking
for work, but he was up to 1 trick worth
two of it. Out of one pocket he whipped
& hammer, out of another a couple of
tack*, and out of still another a placard,
which he proo^ded to tack to the car
riage of the pun. Th* printed notice was
to inform the proprietor of the cannon
that if he didn't remove It within an hour
it would be hauled to the corporation
yard.
The deputy, having finished, surveyed
his work, turm-d on his heH and disap
peared, looking for another cannon n
capture. He returned in an hour prepared
to cart the gun i«v .<>-. according to the
printed threat. It was gone. The theat
rical manag'-ment had taken It insido out
of the wet. thus flanking another brilliant
military movement.
TWO BANKS BLOWN
UP WITH DYNAMITE
Illinois Bobbers Succeed in Obtain-
ing Rich Plunder and Two Sus
pects Are Under Arrest.
PONTIAO. 111.. Dec. S.-The bank at
Cornell, 111.. eight mil*'!* from here, was
robbr-d of SS'KO in currency last night. The
robbers secured rntranco through the
fmnt door of the building and blew the
lnrre naff open with dynamite. The force
<>f the cxplorlon partially wrecked the
building and left the contents of the safe
exposed. Two men suspected or the crime
have been nrreMed. and the Sheriff Is
confident that he has th« robbers. He
Iwlieves that the two men under arrest
had on* or more confederate*.
POPLAR GROVE. 111., Dec 6.— The pri
vate bank here wan entered by burglars
last night and th« tafe blown open. The
rotbers secured 13000 and escaped.
ALL THE SPORTS OF THE DAY
DUNBLANE
RECEIVED A
BIG "BOOST"
Walter Jennings Retal ated by
Claiming; Decoy — Caldweli
St 11 Cut of Form.
The first race at Tanforan Park yester
day was responsible for considerable
"horse Bwapping." It was a six furlong
selling dash for two-year-olds, and in a
mild drive Walter Jennings' big colt Dun
blane llnished a length In front of Decoy,
with Tar Hill a close third. The winner
was enured to be sold for $300. and was
bid up to $1000 by Frank Doss, the owner
of the second horse. This caused the
placid features of Walter Jennings to
wear a ruflled look, and straightway he
strolled to the secretary's ofllce an-i put
in v claim for I>. coy. Doss, seeing that
lie was to have an empty stall on his
hands, claimed Tar Hill, owned by the
Cambridge stable. Decoy was entwrd
for (500. and adding to this amount firs',
money of the purse. j._s, ana vail of me
"run up" money, $500, Frank Doss re
ceived JIH2S for his colt. Tar Hill, entered
for $400. would cost his new owner T7^».
which was generally considered a pretty
fair bargain.
There wore many unpleasant features
about the balance of the sport, asldo from
the defeat of three warm favorites. Mr.
Caldwell spent three very uneven and un
happy hours with the barrier, and on one
or two occasiones his ragged work almost
caused a public demonstration. Th was
regrettable, for in the past the veteran
has done some brilliant starting,
In the fourth fixture on the card. Napa
max with Thorpe up made a marvelous
run, after being nearly left at tho post,
and on returning to the stand the "old
man" received an ovation. The mare was
second choice, ar.d when th<> barrier was
released, together with the favorite.
Olinthus, slm was almost left- Gradu
ally threading his way through the
bunch, Thorpe had his mount in the lend
a furlong from homo, winning ridden .-.. it
a length before True Blue. San Vcnado
took third honors.
Saintly appeared to have his race, the
second, well in hand, when he bowed a
tendon and Good Hope beat him out two
lengths. The winner ruled favorite in the
betting.
A bundle of coin went into the books on
Montanus to win th<» mile selling run.
making "Hilly" Randall's horse equal
favorite with Casdale. Caldwcll sent toe
field away with Spencer on Montanus
facing the reverse way of the track. Cab
dale had no speed to speak of and whs
downed with rase by Espionage, the
heavily played third choice.
J...u!s Esell'a Meddler ruled a hot
favorite for the fifth event, but refused
to break and was left at th« post. El
Salado. the second choice, was also left.
In a drive Sweet William, a 30 to 1 shot,
disposed of Racivan by a head.
In the fastest race of the day. May W
showed her heels to Timomaker from the
Mart in the last event. The Calgary mare
was an odds-on choice, and won hard rid
den by over a length, stopping the five
and a half furious In 1:07.
THACK NOTES.
The stewards of the California Jockey
Club met last evening and passed upon
several cases. The former action of the
stewards In the lulins rr.adc. against
"Jack" Ward and Trainer "Dick" Wil
liams was sustained. This disposes of
the car-? fjnal'.y. F. J. O'Rourke. ruled off
the turf, was prai.teu the privilege* of
selline: his horse The Fritter, the sale to
'.■c approved \>y the stewards. O'Kourka
was not reinstated. J. E. Garrison *nd
"Moose" Taylor *ere heard and their
ca>es passed without action. The ruling
Hgalnrt Jockey burn was"* reaffirmed.
Jockey <louin was told that his case had
hei-n (ir.ailv disposed of and would not
l>e again takm up. The suspension ;>gainst
W Nturvnez wa.« rn;;df» indefinite. Jockey
Buchanan \\:is reinstated.
The following an- the weights and con
ditions ot the handicap at Tanforan on
Saturday:
The Spring Valley stakes— A handicap sweep
!>take« for three-year-olds (foals of 1%*6). Wln
neri nfier publication of weights to carry five
pound* penalty. Acceptance to be made
through the «-ntry lx.x. at the usual time of
closing:, the day preceding the race. Mile and
a quarter.
I>r. Nembula 12::Judj:e "Wcfford 101
Sea Ltoa 11* Jennie Rf-ld 100
/.•■roaster US. Sir L'rlan .•".
ObMdian 117, rim 90
L. i- «< *:. ■> 113 Cruker S3
King Carnival 1U Winifred X
Ollnthus llOThimura >:.
Cafdale J"~> Stuttgart fcO
Montanus V<6 I^edaea *0
BUvcr Tone MM Senora Cae«ar SO
To-Day"s Entries.
FlrFt rare — Five rurloncs; two-year-olds;
miilJen*; ■ ■ "n»:
?TS *»>.ar Younjr...lo6 ... I«^harlin» 113
3J2 Tanoka 1101 3".S Mlfs Moire-! I ...103
2M Cold Kinder ....110 1 171 I>d .■•■■■. 110
271 Hattie Fox V' 3 2T.0 I*>:el!o 110
4i»j siisquoc no 400 ;yska 110
216 Coming Event va 27C Will Kay ....101
4v>o I-tpr.l* 110 3;2 Ft. Agnes 110
r-4 S. Uannenbaum.lo3
Swcnd rare— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; line:
3C7 Mapnus 1031 HC Meadowlark ....103
407 Aluminum 10f.< 3?0 ':..:! Islington. ..los
420 llalnler 98 1 SM Maud Ferguson. 9S
2tK HtronKoM 1H ,<3S2)Flnmaway ... 9«
... « ir.ni'l Sachem. .llll 343 Klnnteln 91!
40}; Tom Calvert I'i.V 411 Mike nice 107
SS4 Yaruba 1HK.414 Mamie <; 103
Third rac*— Fix furlonps; three-year-o'.ds and
upward; selllr.r: .
<rc)n<-n i^-di io<^ 4^! nadvan 101
414 barit in:.' rr.'7 Mont;ilHd<* l'U
<3?«)H' > vanna .. lt'l . 3S:» lodestar 107
31S ..ria IC5 ' 2M I'anamlnt 105
414 Alanka 107:<103)O>Tll 107
Sll Yule 107 i
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles; all
it" :
<4i:)Advanee Guard. 71 I SW Judge Wofford. .lo3
407 Anchored 107} X* Imp Mistral 11.110
«71 Jolly Urlton 72] ... Benora Caesar... Si
(.-.nun £>tn> in]
Fifth race — One »nil a quarter miles; the
i. View staken, $1200:
(SH)Jennle Held 1001 413 O*t!er .To« 112
... Falvable 112! 410 TopmaM 103
<»7)Forte I(*| 40S Meadowtnorpe .11!
»417 >« i. It. Morris.... 109 1
Sixth race— six furlonijs; handicap; two-year
olds and upward:
»R Pat Moniwy...ll9! 411 Morlnra 110
(414)Morcorlto IS 414 Afamada 100
413 Klamora M Sl9 Pt. Laiiatr 90
412 ttif-l 90 ."..".? F. W. 8r0de.... M
407 Aluminum 95; 35<C Southern Girl... 97
Selections for To-Day.
First rare— Leipzig. Ited Cherry. Sii«quoc.
Fecond race — Maud Fersruson. Grand Sachem,
Mike Rice.
Third race— Cyril. Alarla. H<-vanna.
Fourth race — Advance Guard, Judge Wofford.
El Hstro.
Fifth SaJvnble. Topmast, Jennie Reid.
fil\th race— Afr.mada, Southern Girl. Moco-
rito.
STILL ON THE TURF.
"Curly" Brown Racing Horses in His
Wife's Name.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. s.— Fair weather
and a fast track were the racing condi
tions to-day. Imp. Mint Sauce and Ben
nevllle were the only wliming favorites,
and the latter, before the handicap was
caJled, was sold to W. J. Roche for S.'iOOO,
: :ni ran in the latter's Interest. Deyo,
who won the third race, started in the
name of Mrs. H. D. Brown and carried
the tx-starter's colors. Results:
Six furlon*»— lmp. Mint Sauce won Hlm
tlm» »rcond. Sir Christopher third. Time 116 V
Sflllnc. one mil- Hufiwll it won, Kadle
Durnhim second, Kir KHzhugh third. Time
1:«1H. • ::::■■■
Pelllnj:. mile and twenty yarric-IVyo won L*.
Granee second. Monk Wayman third. Time,
Handicap, seven furlonß*— Bennevllle won,
Molo second. J. Lucille third.. Time, j : «su
Mile and a *lxteenth-Vlritle O won. Donna
Rita iecond. Klcme third. Time, 1:« H.
Destroyed by Fire.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 6.-Tho store of
ClOßsett & Devon, wholesale coffee deal
ers, was Rutt.-d .^'rwS re shortly after mid
night. Loss, $28,000; covered by lnsur-
TITE FAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1899.
NEW PARK
WILL CLOSE
FOR A TIME
San Mateo Coursing Associa
tion Officials Prepare for
a Fresh Start.
Th* officials of San Mateo Coursing As
sociation do not expect to open the gates;
of their park next Sunday. The directors
will meet to-night and If they follow their
Inclinations will decide to promote no i
more coursing tor some weeks. The park
opened under circumstances which were J
anything but auspicious and has gained
but slowly in public estimation. The |
judging and slipping under John Grace \
Jr. and Arthur Massey, have been of the
highest standard and some of the best
dogs on the coast have run there, but •
the attendance grew slowly.
As the park has been operated at a
loss the wiser counsels among the direc
tors have been to close f<>r a time and
reorganize. This is the action which will
be recommended to-night.
The members of l:igleslde Coursing As
sociation, which controls the sport at
Ingleslde Park, held their annual meet- j
ing at Pythian Castle lust night. The di- i
rectors elected were: Dominick Shannon.
Charles K. .Morns. David Dillon. H. A. |
Deckelman and W. K. Thompson. Mr. i
Thompson succeeds William llalpin. who
declined renomination. This Is the only
change in the old directorate.
At a meeting of the Interstate Coursing
Club last night. John A. Klein was elect
ed representative of the club on the Cali
ifornia coursing committee, vice J. H.
Rosseter, resigned.
F. Bchoil was proposed for membership.
Arrangements for the running of the
John Grace cup stake and the Bell Hran
don cup stake will be perfected by the
executive committee of the club.
FOOTBALL NETTED THE
TEAMS ABOUT $2000
Statement Giving Receipts and Ex
penses Incidental to the Thanks
giving Day Game.
PALO ALTO, Dec. s.— Treasurer loiter
returned this evening from his conference
In the city with Manager Muma and
Treasurer Kaarsborg of theßerkeley foot
ball team, at which the receipts of the
Thankskiving game were divided after tho ]
expenses incidental to handling the great
crowd were paid. Treasurer Leiter fur- '
nished the following statement of the fin
ancial result of the game:
Total receipts, 120.687 75; mutual ex
penses, J4C4O 5*5: net receipts, 516.046 80, of
which each college received one-half,
amounting to JSO23 4". The principal items
of mutual expenses are rent for the
grounds, 1450; erecting bleachers. $3345;
expense for officials, ©JO: printing, $232 70;
ushers, $139; professional and legal ser
vices. $155; rent for chairs, $52; care of
coin and tickets, $27 25; miscellaneous, $40;
total. $4040 95.
The total number who attended the
game was 14,000. As to the training ex
pense of the Stanford team it was $S5 a ]
day. amounting to over $fiooo. The student
body will have a surplus of about $2000
after all bills are paid for spring and fall !
athletics.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
CCopyrlrht. 1W». by II H. Krr-rt )
TANFOBAN PARK. Tuesday, December 5. 1899.— Fifteenth day of
the Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine.
Track slow.
j j ] S *. J. F. ' A IJ >\VFM J — Starter.
a| 4O riRST l'.A'i: six rurlunts; selllnc; two-year-olds; purse^|4oo.
T~ Betting
Index. Horse. Weight. St. Urn. "*m. \m. Ptr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
SSS Dunblane 103; •". ... »4 2 2 12 11 Spencer 2 2
3HC Decoy 112 1 ... Ih 11 2S 23 Thorpe 3 IS-f>
:i>i Tar Hill HOi 4 ••■ 41 42 3h 31 Hullman E 7
(02 Hindoo Princess.... 93 2 ... 6>4 820 6 2 4 2 T. Walsh 10 20.
(3.11) Wallenstein 100 9 ••• 71 71 61 61 Vittitoe C-2 7-2
372 Silver Tall 107! 6 ... 2 1 3 1 4: ? 6 5 Conley 10 15
3S<« Uacetto 100 7 ... 9 9 8 10 7 3 Henry 40 60
402 The Scot KB 3 ... 8 3 6 3 :>, s 2-1 E. Rom 60 so
876 M aid of the Hills... 93 i_8 6» 4 »li 9 9 IKauntleroy ... 100 180
Time— Vi. :24V;: Vi. ••-. **, 1:15. Good start. Won- cleverly. Second and third driving.
Wlnn*-r. W. B. Jennings' rh. c. by Imp. Mldlothlan-IyMeta.
Dunblane drew away when a»k«-<l. Tar Hill, cut oft on backstrctch, ran a swell race.
Wallenstein a bad actor: was almost left. Silver Tall milked.
Scratched-El Arte M. Jolly Briton M, Allenna 100. Qttatando 103. Illllouette 93. Tizona 100.
The Lady 102.
iin BBCOND (:\'"K— Five and a half furlongs; selllr.p; three-year-olds and upward;
I Betting.
Inlex. Horse. Age. Weictai .-•. Km. Mm. \m. Ftr. Fin. j Joekeya. <>;
re 3 W7I 4 ... 2 2 2 2 11 12 nultman M 11.
. . Sulntly. 3 104 ' 5 ... IT41 T 4 12 2 2 2'- \ ittitoe 6-2 3
in. 3 liX! 3 ... 4 1 f. 4 3h Sn X Jones 4 9-2
M "White Fern. 3 I'M 6 ... 6 2 3h S3 4 2 Hrnry 12 II
?23 nr-!<a!bra 1 112 7 ... f. h 4 1 4h f. 2 Conley 6 7
4'l Lurid. 4 1".- 2 ... S X 7 6 1 He|n!«>n 12 I 1"")I 1 "")
m Hruwnfll. 4... .1001 I ... '« '4 7 2 CIS 720 Ran.-h 10 20
tnona. 3 vh l ... 3 4 «'4 8 R B Rom 20 25
Time— 3-l«, :18; 7-16. :<-"h: S. l:01»i: ".»4f. l:0S!4- Good ■':<- Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. Caf-sar Young's rh. f.. by Colonel <nark-Gratltude.
Saintly was only galloping when he broke down. Sir Urian ran a nice race.
Scratched— Crokcr 104. ■anllla 109. St. InlJore 104.
4i}(\ THIRD IIA'T: — One mil*?; selllnc; thr»f->ear-r.lij«; purse. $400.
i Betting.
Index. Horse. Weight St. Km. »*m. \m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. Cl.
I Betting.
Op. Cl.
• . 1 ; \_
405 Espionage 103 : 5 64 5h 3 1 I>4 l»; Vlttltoe 8 16-5
3:«9 -dale 107 2 1* 22 214 24 22 Bullman 6-5 2
379 Stromo 094 22 14 14 32 34 Fauntleroy ... 10 25
407 8.10 Chlro 9 1 * « 62 32 43 43 43 Henry 6 15
2.14 Master I.*« 99 1 3h 64 62 65 53J Martin 15 60
2SI Rainier 993 4 4 «1 «5 << 66 Ranch 10 30
390 Oraibee 99 7 "4 7 4 72 72 76 Helnson 15 60
354 ITlm 101 8 8 8 I 8 8 c Wilson 15 40
405 Montanus UP Left ... ... ... ... ... Spencer 2 2
Tim- •-'«. :274: H. :51*i: »i. 1:17: mile. 1:434. Bad start. Won first three driving. Win-/
ner. L. H. Kiell's b. f.. by Inspector B-Bun Maid j
Espionage was played for a "killing" and won cleverly. The race was a poor one from '
a time standpoint. Casdale must have eaten a late breakfast. Montanus plunged on. Rio
Chirr. almost left.
Scratched— Glenraber 102.
Af}\ WOOBTB RACK— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purre. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km. «m. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl!
(347) Xanamax, 4 11l 7 72 C 2 5 1 ; in 11 Thorpe 2 3
401 True Blue. 5 104 5 11 12 IS 7 4 21 Henry 10 20
357 Pan Venado. 4 107 I 6 2-3442 33 32 J Martin 3 3
... Daisy F. 1 112 i 6 4 4h 3 4 41 4 2 Vlttltoe 10 9
407 Terrene. 3 107 4 4h 8 75 7 5 r. 4 Meln«on 60 100
403 Ollnthus. 3 107 8 8 74 «4 ' 6S 612 Hulhnnn 3 13-5
403 Ventoro. 3.. 109 1 2 3 2 3 2 h r, 4 73 Spencer 3 6
2M O'Connor. 3 10. 2 » 4 6 4 8 8 8 Phelan 40 60
Time— U, :23: W. :454: •• 1:02: -%. I:2S^. Poor start. Won handily. Seconfl and third
driving. Winner. Burns & \\ aterhouse's t>r. m., by Imp. Maxlm-Xnna'.
Xapamax. nearly left, ran a phenomenal race. Daisy F not ready. Ollnthus away
poorly. Ventoro »*n« to have lost his old form. ; * ,
Scratched— Jlnrle Jingle 94.
i()Q FIFTH RACE-Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. Km. 4m. \m. Btr. Fin. | Jockeys. Op"'?*!
... Sweet William. 4.. .103 1 •• I* I* Jf i~n~ Pullman "la M
... Itaclvan. 3 104 5 ... S 5 4 1 2 1 Phelnn 6 12
-02 February. 6 109 I ... SI 24 3 2 314 Confer 5 7
CSS Skirmish. 4 1W 1 .... 2 4 si 2.4 « 1 Henry 10 15
... C. 11. llar'n Jr.. 3..104 4 ... 4 4 4 3 6 6 Vtttltoe 4 8
... Meddler, a 109 Left ... Thorn 4-5 4 5
Tim- "-if. :2S*i: 7-16. :42; 54f. l:0S4. Poor start. Won all out Pro 1 and "third drtv
In*. Winner B Bchrelber'a br. h.. by Fltxjames-Ollve. ' ' ccond and third drlv-
Winner best ridden. February not good.
Scratched— Silver Maid 107.
4QO SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; all ages; purse, |400.
Irdex. Home. Age. Weight. St. Urn. 4m. \vn. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op"'"*'
Hm.
\m.
Ptr.
Fin.
I
Jockeys.
netting,
op. a.
m May W. 5 109 j 2 ... 1 4 12 11 11% 'Ruiimu, T7Z Ti
(403) Tlmemaker. 6 112 1 ... 2 8 2« 25 2« H IhorDe^ 8 5 1
... Flamora. 2 92 4 ... 4 3 2 3 3 3 6 I J Walsh 8 ->n
336 Monda, 3 MS ... 3 1 ;4, - 4 4 Henry 40 iv
(595) Kins Carnival. 3.. .107 Left ■ Martin : 4 4 -
8. Spike. • o^i i^f» ... ••• Stuart 100 £O>J
82 SpUe. Z n\ L*rt ... Stuart 100 600
Tiine-1-16. :06*;: 3-16. :18»4: 7-16. :41\; 54f. 1:07. Bad start Won first three driving
1 Winner. D. Cameron & Co.'m b. m.. by Imp. Ka^l* Plume-Frtoia: drlMng.
May W displayed much gameners. Flamora a bit short.
Scratched— Mocorlto 109. • - -•. .
WILL BRING
BOXERS FROM
THE FAR EAST
Olympic Club Directors Ar
range a- Amateur Tourna
ment on Big Lines.
The Olympic Athletic Club directors are
sending invitations to the great athletic
institutions of the East asking for their
best boxers for a tournament to be held
here. The date has not been fixed defin
itely, but it will bo about the middle of
February. Leader John A. Hammersmith
has placed the arrangement of the affair
in the hands of John Elliott. Mr. Elliott
expects to obtain good results through
the aid of J. E. Sullivan, secretary of the
Amateur Athletic Union.
Sullivan conducted the tournament in
New York recently, in which hundreds of
aspirants boxed for national champion
ships. From Mr. Sullivan's knowledge of
the men it is felt he can select represen
tatives from the various classes who
would show wen in competition here. The
Olympic Club officials agree to pay the
traveling expenses of contestants, in ad
dition to the necessary training expenses
for two weeks in this city. Trophies Will
be offered for each event in accordance
with the regulations of the Amateur Ath
letic Union. The bouts ' will be four
rounds each.
The rules of the union will govern the
contests, which will be divided into the
following classes: Bantam, not to exceed
US pounds; feather, not to exceed 125
pounds; light, not to exceed 135 pounds;
welter, not to exceed 14.'> pounds; middle,
not to exceed 15S pounds, and heavy, any
weight.
Entries will not he received later than
January 15. At the championship meet
ing in the East "Jim" Corbet! was the
referee. . it is expected that candidates
for ring honors will be plentiful, as the
local clubs are turning out many promis
ing boxers.
This will bo ladles* night at the club.
There will be an exciting game of Indoor
baseball and a more exciting match at
water polo in the big tank. The teams
will be made up from among the following
swimmers: George Hlnkel. Alex Pape,
C. K. Melrose. Lester Hammersmith.
George James, J. Hobson, D. Carroll. L.
Cooper, Charles Weidemann, Ed Con
nolly. A. W. Taylor, W. B. Taylor. W.
Leonard and George Crowell.
Sid Cavill, the club's swimming teacher,
recently from Australia, will show his
skill as a swimmer and diver. .
~*
BAD WEATHER ENCOUNTERED.
Transport Port Stephens Compelled to
Put Into Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Nov. HL— The transport
r.irt Stephens, ordered direct from Seat
tle to Manila with Ml horses, put Into
Honolulu on the 27th. being unable to pro
.l ber way owing to the severe
weather encountered ever since she left
the Bound. She lost only two h
The rest were put ashore here for
and the transport will proceed in" a fewf c w
days.
Transports and passenger vessels arriv
ing; here in the past few days all rep >rt
terrible weather between here .nnd tho
Pacific Toast. The Mlowera, from Vic
toria, had water in h-r cabins nearly all
!).•■ way down. The transports Hen Mo.ir,
• r. Hancock and City of Pu-! la
have arrived and there are now eight
Vnited States army transports in the nar
bor.
DOBBS SOON
BEATEN BY
WALCOTT
Sent Into Dreamland Early in
the Fifth by Swings on
the Jaw.
Special Dlopatrh to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 5— Bobby Dobbs.
formerly of Minneapolis, lasted only a
few seconds more than Ore rounds In his
bout with Joe Waleott to-night before the
Broadway Athletic Club. Dobbs and Wal
eott are negroes. Dobbs is tall, with a
long reach and a fair amount of science.
Waleott is stockily built, with the frame
of a Hercules, and the top of his head
scarcely reaches Dobbs" shoulders.
There was very little betting on the re
sult, as Waleott was a pronounced favor
ite. 4 to 1 being freely offered on him.
with few takers. The men were matched
to ti^ht twenty-live rounds at 14" pounds.
The end came early in the sixth. Wal
eott s< nt his 1.-ft and rißht almost simul
taneously to the big fellow's Jaw and
Dobbs fell backward, the hack of his
be id striking the floor violently.
Referee White sent Waleott to his cor
ner and Stopped the fight. l)obt»s' seconds
then carried their man to his corner,
where he revived in about three minutes.
11 HIS MAJESTY" HAS
A GOOD SECOND ACT
HIS MAJESTY" is a comic opera
parted in the middle. There Is one
good act, the second, to hear
which one should curb one's pos
sible desire to leave after the Brat This
Introductory section l"ft me in a quandary
as to whefher the music might be im
proved by a hotter libretto or the libretto
assisted by better music. Perhaps I should
say more appropriate music, for the music
as it is, is good, but its merit is evident
only In the orchestration, which is ex
cellent, and at times distinguished. There
Is not that comic-opera flavor, that desir
able Quality of cistrhlnn— . in the vocal
Side of the footlights that dowers a work
with longevity, and the efforts of the sing
ers avail not tO make tli«- thing
Wot my part, 1 prefer to hear a good
song poorly sung than an indifferent one
well rendered, tor one's imagination can
supply the lack in one case, whereas in
the other there is nothing to do but pity
the afflicted artist. Then- Is a dearth Of
happy tuiu-s in "His Majesty." though a
few lack but little of the adequate spirit.
They are nor of the kind to gain plaud
its and pndse, and we must seek rise
where i". ■!• the qualities that make the i>i"
duction the acceptable one that it is. If
there were more stuff as good as the
opening duet of the sooond act the opera
would take a much higher place, and in
this division the author as well as the
composer is at his best. The business and
comedy here as wen as the music are ex
cellent
To Fay that there are good lines in tho
bo< k is not a compliment, though ;t Is
the best I can offer. A good libretto may
not be thus specifically judged; "pocil
lines" are only remarkable when rare.
Some nf the lyrics gr> smoothly, though
the rhythm is careless, and when double
and triple rhymes (the heavy artill* ry ..f
th<> librettist) are essayed they are uni
formly commonplace.
The principals do more or less good
work. Wolff is the same excellent s<
class comedian and Edith Mason Is
dainty in her rigid, fri^.d way. i
Fairbairn as the queen does not make a»
much as she might of what should be an
excellent comedy part, and Miss Ladd.
denied the advantage of tights, does well
in a small part, though singing in h'-r
usual expressionless way. The chorus Is
as good us ever, singing with a mag
nificent volume and acting admirably.
Scenically the production Is more than
good, the credit thrrefor belong'ng to
Mr. King, whose work deserves the high
est commendation. The sets at the Grand
Opera-house are always well exeunt" ii
and In some Instances are notable in
composition, color and perspective.
PORTER C.AKNETT.
FOURTH RECITAL OF
HOLMES QUARTET
Elegant Rendition of the Great
Brahms Sextet — Very Successful
Song Recital by Mrs. J.
E. Birmingham.
There was a musical object lesson prev
alent in yest«T<l:ty's chamber music con
cert by the Holmes Quartet. This lesson
consisted of the remarkable contrast be
tween a string quartet in C by Mozart
and a sextet in B-flat by Brahms. It
was, so to speak, the contrast between
the antique and the modern. By antique
I do not wish to convey any idea of infe
riority, but merely to give a term to a
certain quality of music. When we listen
t>> Mozart's quintet we are Impi
with the gentleness of the motif, the
KncefulneM of ideas and the delicacy of
■ xpr* -smiik romantic thoughts. The
Brahms sextet gives us vigor, emphatic
punctuation arid distinct description of
emotional sentiments. Now the phrwefl
are alluring, ami then the tone mass In
comes commanding and imperative. The
pizzicato is us.-.l very judiciously, so as
to create a very striking effect. I would
term Mozart's a f.-minlne composition,
while Brahms' work Is a decidedly mascu
line creation.
This Brahms' sextet was the best work
the Holmes yuartet has attempted so far
It was rendered with the necessary vigor
and a delightful judgment In inteYpreta
tlon. Henry Holmes and his assistants
are entitled to much praise for their suc
cessful effort. The quartet was assisted
by \\ aldoman Und. second viola and
William Wertsch. second 'cello. The vo
calist was again Mrs. rharles Olcott Rich
ards, who sang Mendelssohn's "Minne-
Jied" and "Sulelka." . There was a marked
Improvement noticeable In Mrs. RtchardV
diction. It wns easier to understand th©
words of her songs. The pre-eminent feat
ure of her Ringing Is splendid taste In ex
ecution. The accompanlste was Miss Con
stance Jordan, whose excellent work Is
too well known to need any detailed men
tion.
MRS. BIRMINGHAM'S CONCERT.
The high reputation which Mrs. J. E.
Birmingham possesses attracted a large
audience to Sherman & Clay Hall last
evening. Those who attended were not
disappointed if they expected to hear
singing: of as artistic a quality as was
ever heard in this city. Mrs. Birming
ham shows in every selection she renders
the thorough schooling she underwent
and the Intelligence with which sh©
grasped the ideas of her master* The
tone comes free and full from her lips
She brings it forward and produces it
with ease and without endeavoring to
sing for effect. It is the Inborn refine
ment in music which manifests Itself In
a quiet, unassuming rendition of good
works Another very agreeable character
istic of Mrs. Birmingham is the selection
of what may vulgarly be termed "simple
Kongs." These very simple works are the
most difficult to Interpret, and the lady
shows her remarkable facility by interest
ing her listeners as much in an unassum
ing composition as others do by resorting
to throat-breaking vocal acrobatics
Mrs. Birmingham was assisted by
Harry Girard, a young man who but re
cently arrived from New York, where his
fresh barytone .brought him laurels in the
concert field. His voice is remarkable bo
cause of its strength, and he shows much
temperament in his execution. There in
however, a slight trembling noticeable
during his singing, which has a certain
effect upon some people, but which from
an artistic standpoint Is not allowable l
think that Mr. < '.Irani can easily rid him
self of this defect, and. then his voice
having gained firmness, will count as the
foremost barytone on this coast at pres
ent. Mrs. W. J. Bachelder played the ac
companiments very satisfactorily.
ALFRED METZGER.
. Birmingham. Ala., prohibited street
preaching by Mormons.
ARE FAR IN
ADVANCE OF
THE RECORD
Some Changes in Position of
the Six-Day Riders at
New York.
Special Dispatch to The Tall.
NEW YORK. Dec. s— The plodders at
Madison-square Garden are riding far
ahead of the record, as was expected.
There has been some change in the rela
tive position of the riders, and several of
them have left the track In the past
twenty-four hours. This afternoon there
was an accident, in which Jay Eaton,
then a lud ahead of all the others, wad
crowded to the edge of the track and
pitched from his wheel. Eaton, amid the
greatest excitement, tried to remount,
but found that his tire was flat, and be
fore he got another wheel he was four
laps to the rear.
The matter was taken to the referee by
Eaton, who. after several hours' consiJ
eration, ruled that the Eaton-Wallhour
team should take its place with the leaders.
This put the team back only one lap, th«;
one by which it was leading at the time
the spill occurred, and the decision was
received with general protest on the part
of all the riders. Waller said he would
leave the track, but he was still riding
at a late hour to-night.
Walthour took the track for his team
for a couple of hours after the accident,
and at 6 o'clock Eaton relieved him and
started out to regain the team's lost lap.
Miller tacked on to him and held him
safely, but only after a territic spurt,
which several times got within the two
minute limit.
The leading four teams were seventy-six
miles ahead of the record at the close of
the forty-second hour. Glmm made the
former record in MM with 7C7 miles 600
yards to his credit.
Through a misunderstanding, the Eaton-
Walthour team lost the laps at about 7:39
o'clock. They were both off the track at
the same time, not knowing of one an
other's temporary retirement. Then an
hour later Eaton announced his retire
ment for good, saying that his fall of the
afternoon had left him so shaken that he
was too weak to continue. Walthour,
however, announced that he would keep
on after some of the "individual" money.
He got a bad fall at 10:15 o'clock, but was
able to remount and close up the gap that
the fail had occasioned.
ilarley Davidson, the Canadian, with
drew from the contest at 8 o'clock, having
329 miles anil live laps to his credit.
[Creamer withdrew from the race at 7
o'clock, but his team mate, Aronson, con
tinued to ride.
The riders were seventy-nine miles
ahead of the record at the end of the
forty-fifth hour, and at midnight the lead
ers were eighty-three miles ahead of the
record. Following is the 12 o'clock score:
Miles. LaM
Miller-Waller 963 3
Xlaya-McKachern '■""-"■ 3
Olmm-Pleree 9<3 2
Fischer-Chevalier SC 7
Stevens-Turvllln 962 \ 6
ltabcock-Stinson 9*2 4
Schlneer-Forster 9«0 2
Thoma-Dlckerson 911 1
The-Pastalre 816 4
Walthour (Individual) M 3 8
Aronson (Individual) 472 6
NEW YORK, Dec. 6. -The 2 o'clock
score:
Miles Laps.
Miller-Waller HIM 4
Maya-MeEachern 10>i 2
Glmm-Plerce 1001 3
Fischer-Chevalier 1000 S
Stevens-Turvllle l'»" «
nabcock-Kttn*->n 10") 6
Echlneer-Forster 997 5
Thoma-Dlckerson 94< C
The-Pastalre ST.3 •
Walthour (Individual) 51". 7
Aroruon (Individual) 474 7
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents, Pensions, Appointments and
Army Orders From the Nation's
Capital.
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Joseph W. Armatb, San Francisco,
loose-lea ledger or file; John L. Boone. San
Francisco, fly trap; E. S. Hurt. San Fran
cisco. West Point cheese cutter; 13yron O.
Clark. Pasadena, sub-irrigation system and
valve; Willis G. Dodd, San Francisco, concen
trating table: George H. Dyer, San Francisco,
self-lccklng bolt for buildings: William W.
Hanscom and A. Hough, San Francisco, stor
age battery: 11. llu:i«..n. Redwood City, plow;
John 11. Hopps, San Francinco, assignor to
Fulton Iron Works, air compressor; John
Mann, liutte City, fruit or vegetable cleaner
and prater: Henry 1.. McKeMops, San Fran
cisco, dental pliers; James N. Newman. Itlver
side, baling press; John Ku««ell. San Fran
cisco, preserving milk an.l cream; Paul
Schnetter. San Francisco, mining apparatus;
Charles E. Smith. Orbvllle, door lock; P. J.
Stuckinger, Oakland, foot guard for railway
tracks: A. L. Stone, San Francisco, milk cooler
and aerator: Ella F. Young, San Francisco,
hose supporter.
Oregon— Charles F. Farrow. Kugene. nail.
Washington— Harry K. Hutchinson. Mount
Vernon, display cabinet ; David M Ellsworth,
Catnas. fruit evaporator; Theodore liootsman.
Arctic miter box.
Wendill McLoushlln of Los Angeles has
been appointed clerk by the Navy Depart
ment at the Cavite naval station, Philip
pine Islands. .
W. B. Young and R. V. Jones have been
appointed Inspectors of customs at As
toria, Or.
Mrs. Josephine Hamal has been appoint
ed postmistress at Hunters, Tohama
County, vice William F. Johnson, de
ceased.
Army orders— By direction of the Sec
retary of War Acting Assistant Surgeons
Walter C. Chldester, Chandler P. Kobblns
and George B. Lawson will proceed from
this city to San Francisco and report In
person to the commanding general. De
partment of California, for assignment to
duty. *v
The following named enlisted men now
In the Philippine Islands, having enlisted
under false pretenses, will be discharged
without honor from the service of the
United States: Private Frank Moynlhan,
Fourth Cavalry: PrlTat* Clyde C. Fisher.
Third Infantry: Private Philip R. O'Dowd.
Twentieth Infantry; Private Floyd E.
Moreland, Forty-fourth Infantry.
The following named enlisted men will
be discharged from the service of the
United States by the commanding officer.
Presidio. San Francisco: Recruits Thomas
A. Borrlsford and Fred Nelson, Sixth Ar
tillery, and Recruit Thomas J. Young,
Twenty-third Infantry.
Private Arthur Schultz. Company B.
Third Infantry, now on duty with casual
detachment. Presidio. San Francisco, Is
transferred to Light Battery C. Third Ar
tillery, stationed at that post.
Pensions have been granted as follow*:
California: Original— <;. Doug m.
Soldiers' Home,. Los Angeles, $«: William
T. Street. Vallojo, $12; John 8. Malsbury,
Colusa, id: William Lane. San Francmco,
$6. Special. November 21— J« hn Brown,
Pacific Grove, $6. Increase — Louis Holje.
San Francisco. $6 to $V Mexican W.tr
widows, special, accrued November 22 —
Cynthia B. Woodworth. San Francisco. Ss.
Increase — William W. Kennedy, Nape* Vi
to $14; Francis McCourt, Coldlers* Home,
Los Angeles, pi to $10. Original Widows,
etc.— Minors of Robert West. San Krun
cisco, $16. Mexican War widows, specJil,
accrued November 17— Sarah Copelund,
Tipton. $S.
Washington: Original— Gunder O. Gun
derson. Olnlu, $6: Henry 1. W;i««hbiirn. Be
attle. $»>; John W. Wlllinms, Spokane, SS:
Albert Swi-tt. C. H. Ewelah. >'-: Romulus
Smith, Tncoma. $6. Special, Novembei r.'—
Normal W. Stewart, Everett, IS.
Oregon: Origin»l— Francis M. Smith.
Enger, $6. Increase— Samuel D. Lock wo-
Lorain, US to $24.
FIRE ON A HOTEL ROOF.
Guests of the Marlboro in New York
Given a Scare.
NEW YORK. Dec. s.— There was a
scare among the guests of the Hotel
Marlboro for a short time to-day because
of a flre on the roof. No panic resulted.
Several persons were carried downstairs,
among them an Invalid woman, but no
body was hurt. The damage amounted
to about $500. perhaps more than half of
It from water poured on the fire.
The cause of the flre Is unknown. It
started In a structure which was being
erected on the roof for a laundry
RACING.
FOOTBALL.
GOLF
COUNTY GAME
LAWS ARE IN
JEOPARDY
Supreme Court Decision May
Upset Police Regulations
in Many Counties.
Justice Temple of the Supreme Court
wrote an opinion yesterday in the Stanis
laus County anti-gume shipping case which
may be made far reaching. A short time
ago James Knapp, a market hunter of
Stanislaus County, in order to test the
ordinance, attempted to ship two ducks
to this city. He was arrested and sen
tenced to fine and Imprisonment. Th*
case went to the Supreme Court on a writ
of habeas corpus and the petitioner was
discharged by oral order from the bench.
The decision was not handed down until
yesterday, although sportsmen and offi
cers of half the counties of the State have
been anxiously awaiting it. The Interest
of the latter may be understood when It
is known that fourteen of the counties
have passed a law similar to that of
'Stanislaus, prohibiting the shipping o£
game out of the county and forbidding tho
transportation companies receiving such
game for shipment.
The opinion handed down yesterday de
clares all such ordinances as the on« con
tested illegal and void. More than this.
the language of Justice Temple leave*
room for conjecture in the matter of other
ordinances now on the records of the
counties and already projected. It prac
tically upsets the antl-pumpgun law of
Marln County and may possibly interfere
with the passing of a law llml^ng tho
amount hunters may kill for euch .lay. an
proposed in San Mateo County. Some of
the counties nave passed laws Increasing
the length of the clo««e season fur certain
kinds of game. By a careful reading of
the (tract of the opinion following the
constitutionality of these regulations Is
open to question and may possibly pro
voko contests. The principal features of
the decision are as follows:
Serious question has been mad* as to th«
power of any county Hoard of Supervisors
to add either restraints or regulations to
the right to take or kill wild game, to tho*«
made by the Legislature. We do not find It
necessary tor the purposes of this rase to
decide this question. If such further re
strlctlons upon the right to kill game mar
be made by county .... such regula
tions must be reasonable, not oppressive to
any class, and must not contravene any
established policy of the State. Presumably
the two ducks were lawfully taken by James
Knapp In Stanislaus County. It in not
charged that they were hunted or killed
for the purpose of being transported without
the county, though such fact. If It existed.
would not have changed the result. Hnv
\nz taken th- game lawfully and at a ttm*
when it Is lawful for any one to shoot
ducks, the ordinance prohibiting their ship
ment is an unreasonable Interference with
the rights of private property, an unneces
sary restraint of trade. The statutes of th«
State In regard to game prohibit the offer-
Ing for sale of game during the ttroe It is
unlawful to kilt such game. The State reg
ulations upon this particular subject seem
complete, and restrict th" rights of citizens
so far as was necessary to prevent the us*
lawful killing of game.
It was stated In the argument, substan*
tlally. that the ordinance «-,«« aimed at "pot
hunters." I understand this phrase coven
all except sportsmen, relatively a smaU
part of the community only are sportsmen.
A law or ordinance which » old dlscrlmln
ate In their favor would not be a propej
exercise of the so-called police power. II
that be the manifest or admitted purpos*
of the ordinance It Is void, for that reason
also.
Chief Justice Eeatty adds:
The people of th- State, bdnr th» ownei
of it* wild raroe. it may be eoncedM thai
the State Legislature could annex any con
dition It chose to the privilege if taking It,
but a county ordinance forbidding alt p#r
sons under penalty to transport 111 law.
fully taken to the place wh?re they deslr*
to use or dispose of It Is vloiatlv- of th*
rtfcht of private property, a* defined and
regulated by genrrai law. and necessarily
Invalid.
Church of the Advent's New Trustees.
At the annual parish meeting of th«
Church of »he Advent held last night this
following were elected trustees and ves
trymen for the coming year: Rev. Her*
bert Parrlsh, Rev. Henry B. Mongcs;
Colonel George H. Men dell, senior war
den; Henry L. Dewey. Junior warden; Au
gustus J. Hasten, treasurer; John W.
Allaire, aecretary: Oliver A. Hajrk«r, C.
O. Johnson, John G. Dcmpsey and Georss
Broderson.
■ ♦ ■
Eighty-four per cent of Idaho Is public
land.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN "
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weaknejf
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure' themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and trouble* that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolut*
success In all cases. A request to th«
State Medical Institute. 221 Elektron
building. Ft. Wavne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with promptly. Th«
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers arc
requested to write wtlhout delay.
Swan DR. JORDAN'S great*
OF ANATOMY?
a (TJ i:::3ti2i2r:r.tovcii7i.c.r.w. a
T t^f Th« Lar^mAiutotnical Mutrumlatk* \
A ** wiA * «a*ne»te« or im c mtr jct-ii A
~ (B9) dl«ii« S««lii«*l7«ar*dbrtbeol<lca \
* /SOI !>pecUlU(caUt«Ce«ib EiLj&yeut. #
& J3JI OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
\ FGffipl _ < - '""»""» ("' «nd itrlrtl* prt*M» v
6 I u¥l '" ' "■-"» p«t«oiuliy M by Wr a A
"I 711 "*-'"* 1 Mr.,:, «»«ry t*»« upd«rt»ie«. T
Mr I ll v — ' | i'i'"R4.i i nii,o"iiii i uv«ii
"if )l HAMMUCK, »•*"-«>»«»*• uf
I Q (I »»liuUe took f ,r mrnj \
fOX JORDAN & CO.. 1061 Market st ..S. F. V
t i»A'*>'%'%"%%%ej)% %_ ex %,s1
6W15 VITALIS
a,Ti^ VITALIS
"^^y^J* *tf /^^ THE NEW
Affl FRENCH..
mm ■...;•'*,..' REMEDY
i-Kooi i i..t nut irotr aothD, 7 . ncrnCUin
HTSI LTH. |, qO Kkl y A .,„!, r.».T M X.rT OaiB^.TZ, "|
pr..a,,W«t ul « 1H.».,,, kJI .?„»,( U . **,™X7!£,™l
tnJi.cr»tioo«. KMtorn Uat Tilalilt f«w»r M T*A,nm uTZT.T
poektt. H)f diil*l.U<lui p*ck«(*ortix tor 4&.0U »,IH .
t'ALl M I.T <L lIMOJUDmk.,,., , 1,,.*..
nuM m Sao frmcUco OOUad V Owl Drat C«.
MII I j I 'I 1 1 I dls.ea««i cured or no
nI r I n r myi ny w. No d«uattoS
Iflll I 111 (rom bualnema. i»n.s
IIU I 1 UI IL MANSFIELD A ran-
■ »WI I UUL TEKKIEL.D. 823 Mar-
ket *:.. San FraaclsasjkFRENNA TELLS
HIS TROUBLES
TO THE JURY
Story of How Turner
Robbed Him.
TOOK ALL OF HIS SAVINGS
BARBER SAYS HE WAS FOR
YEARS HIS VICTIMS DUPE.
Bcmarkable Statement of the Events
Which Are Alleged to Have
Unbalanced Defendant's
Hind.
-oseph P. Prenna went on the Btand in
l"*T*L Cook ' 8 co^rt yesterday and pro
ceeded to tell the jury the atory of how he
..ad become mentally unbalanced as the
result of the peculiar business methods of
Janus F. Turner as practiced In the lat
ter* dealings with the defendant, extend
ln« over a number of years. He declared
that Turner had by his trickery and bald
laced deception succeeded In robbing him
of ail he possessed and then deliberately
threw him over, refusing to make even a
partial restitution or give his dupe any
satisfaction whatever.
Frenna. testimony was all concerning I
his f.nanclal dealings with the dead man.
He began his recital shortly after the
• •penlng of court in the morning. J. H.
KUbcl, an unimportant witness, preceding ,
Him on the stand for a brief Btsslon. ana
when rourt adjourned In the afternoon he
was etill answering questions and volun
teering Information concerning the finan- j
cial inuie in which Turner had involved
him. to his utter ruin.
The barber testified that he first met :
Turner in lssu. being Introduced to him by ■
one McAvoy. an ex -policeman. Turner let
rrn grass grow under his ftet. for on Jan
uary 15 of that year he borrowed $5000 of
* renna. giving as security a piece of
property in Oakland. He kept coming
£* c * fjJJ" more, and soon owod Fronna
J;'** 0 - Jhen he proposed to bunch the en
ure Indebtedness In one note. Afterward
fr renna received $,V>oi) nnd a piece of prop
erty in Lav- County in lieu of the other
s*. **0.
Ip to this stage of the proceedings Dis
trict Attorney Murphy had remained a
f ilent listener, but when Attorney Hosmer
produced a deed to apiece of property
that hud been given to Frenna by Turner
*» security for a loan and offered It in
evidence he made a decided objection. Mr :
Ho?mer contended that It formed a por- I
tlun of the proof of certain transactions
which it wan claimed had caused the de
fendant to become temporarily Insane nx
the Ume he had inadvertently put an end
to the existence of tlie much-discussed i
Turner Judge Co<>k decided that undrr i
the ruling of the Supreme Court In the
Shattuek case all testlmonv of whatever
character tending to establish insanity of
the defendant was admissible, and' he
th»fore overruled the objection.
The ten were down, and then followed
a »»ewUderln»c mass of testimony of such |
i*n intricate character that if the Jury I
<an unravel it without succumbing to
nervous prostration a miracle will have
|w n accomplished. Deeds, mortgage* re
i<Msrs. stipulations, nous. t»l<'grams
lorreemoms. tax receipts and all manner I
ox papers were produced in rapid sucees
•inn. all of course tending to prove that
Turner was a crook and Frenna an in
n cent dujH?. who was justified in becom
ing insane. Hut the most remarkable de
\«!oj)ment of Freima's testimony. If it Is
to !>•• U-lleved. was the childish" susccpti- I
bllity of th.* def«?ndnnt in his dealing* '
with Turner, of which the documents of
fered In evidence purport to be the ma
ten*] proof.
Accnrdlng to th«« testimony. Frenna
TrM discovered the perfidy of Tiirner after
re had loaned him a few thousand dollar? i
mi ■! jet. although lie stormed and threat!
er.-<J Turij«-r. insteud of red«»emlns spuri
'•u« .'cr.'.s and squaring matters, simply
made fresh i>romi>e« and then Induced
I i- :ma to advance additional rums on I
equally worthless security. Not once only
Li this done, but repeatedly, until Fren- '
:..i had loaned Turner Jl7.sm\ secured by '
iwo notes nnd a lot of worthless property '
Frenna said on th<* stand that at <>n« time
be had deeds to about half of California
i ivrn him by Turner. Theu— this* was In '
>.<:.-he had Turner arrested for forrerv I
although convicted in the Superior !
<"ourt. the Supreme Court reversed the '
'!••< ision and nothing came of it. Even I
while the case was pending Turner con
tinued to pull the wool over the eyes of
iU+ man wno claims he wu being robbed '
*nd after the trial Frenna was induced to I
Lijv Btlll another gilded brick.
I renna has a sT'-nt deal more to tell the |
•r.ry. and will probably be on the stand I
r^veral days, and If here Is much more
of this kind of testimony the trial will be
proJnnKed indefinitely.
The attorney* for the defense yesterday
recured an order for the appearance of
Fheriff Rouse of San Bernardino an a wit
neM to Impeach the testimony of Willie
Wol-h. Th* trial goes on to-day.
Map of Luzon.
P^ter E. Uinsr of 'as Just !■•
: ■" ■ , '■ >1 map of the
« Th" bartlrfit-lds
■
■Ml tip to Aujru«t
. • . ne« of n
• .c island are given while the
■ are j •'.«■. A<~
'aimed as an especial feature
• map The positions nf the d n
ruwmsi 1
I »atnn, Kinr, Ha> and others,
ements of
m troops this map will prove of real
vajue.
■ ♦ ■
aeturned by Fast Mall.
Daniel S. Richardson, superintendent of
the Ban Francisco postofflee, has returned
from his recent trip to the East, whither
h*> went to attend the Postmasters' con
vention. He came by way of the Northern
Pacific xr. 1 had pleasant weather and a
i^i^Bful experience.
A PROGRESSIVE FURNITURE STORE.
Juet two years ago The Pattoslm Company began business at Sixteenth and
Ifflef>lon i»reeu, Ban Francisco. Two year* is a short time In which to build up
a t>!g furniture business, but that Is Just exactly what The Pattosien Company
have done. In fact they had more business than the big store could conveni-
ently accommodate and now a large new addition is nearing completion.
'] !;•• original store was 75x175 feel, containing two floor* and an attic and
filled to the very doors and roof with fine furniture. The new addition is 76x100
fe*t and will Join the Sixteenth street end, making one tremendous store 275 feet
long und 75 fi»*t ide
Mr. Pattotslen will net aside sufficient space in the new building for a
Japan*?© tea room. This room will be fitted up as cozy as costly ■ furniture
• - i:.l beautiful Japanese ornaments can make it. Heal Japanese maidens will
preside, waiting attendance and nerving Japanese tea to all customers who Keek
rent and comfort In this quiet retreat. It takes time for lady customers to make
pclectlons when furnishing the home and before their purchases are complete
they often become fatigued. This Japanese room will offer rest and refresh-
ment to nil customers ho desire It fre<» of charge.
It will a!so be used as a ladles' waiting and mating room, always open and
r^a-fly to welcome city and country people who desire to mako It their resting
plac».
Carload after carload of new and elegant furniture is arriving every day to
fill the new •urr- Mr Pattofien will announce his grand opening soon as the
carpenters declare the addition ready for occupancy— about January 1, 1909.
Joseph P. Frenna Tells How He Was Bunkoed by the Man He Killed.
BRASS THIEVES CAPTURED.
Three of Them Strip a Stationary En
gine in the Corporation Yard
on Berry Street.
Detective aria of the Southern Pacific
Company, assisted by Special Officer Mad
den, made a clever capture yesterday af
ternoon of three notorious brass thieves,
after a sharp chase. Lewin observed the
trio entering the Street Department yard
on Uorry street, between Sixth and Sev
enth, and "knowing tln-ir graft," he quiet
ly waited for developments, meantime
summoning Madden to his assistance.
After waiting for nearly two hours the
trio came out. and I. •win and Madden
tried to capture them. They ran across
the bridge, and Lewin fired a shot from
his revolver over their heads to frighten
them. Oik- of them, after crossing the
bridge. jumped into the channel and stuck
in the mud. The otht-r two were over
taken and the handcuffs put on their
wrists, and then the oiu- In the mud was
dragged iifhore.
They were taken back to the yard, and
It was found they had stripped a station
ary engine vt all its brass and had hidden
it among some hay. They were charged
at the City Prison with petty larceny.
Their names are John Quinn, Joe Leddy
and Frank Leonard. <Juinn has Just
served a sentence in the Cnuntv Jail
BOND ELECTIONS
City Attorney Lane Prepares Forms
of Notice for Supervisors.
City and Count>Att«>rney I.ane yester
day sent to the Hoard of Supervisors two
forms of notice or election, one for tlu?
"Park 1 bond election to be held December
27, nnd the other for the election Decem
ber I*9 In the matter of sewer system,
schoolhouses and hospital. In the latter
notice a blank spacv 1? left to be tilled by
the board when the -kind- -of -money Irr
which the bonds are to be payable Is de
termined. Under the statute this may be
gold coin or lawful money, either of
which expression must be inserted before
passage of the ordinance.
In the case of the "Park" bond election
notice there is do reference to any kind
of money whatever. No express warrant
Is there given for making those bonds
payable in anything other than what may
be legal tender. Whether in such case
"gold coin • may be sped tied is a ques
tion which the highest courts of other
States have decided diversely and which
our Supreme Court has not passed upon.
Attorney Lane deems it the only safe
way to make no further partlcularlzation
as to money than is made therein.
Blanks nre also left In the notices for
denomination of th» bonds and also in
one of the forms for the rate of Interest,
the rate in the other Instance having
been fixed by prior ordinance. Park
bonds can be of any denomination not ex
ceeding $K«>). Tne other bonds cannot
be less than $100 each or more than $1000.
■ ♦ m
UNDERGROUND WORK.
Independent Electric Company to Lay
Six More Miles of Conduits.
The Independent Electric L.lght and
Power Company yesterday sent to the
Board of Supervisors a diagram and
description of underground work to
bo done by the company, covering six
miles of street. The conduits . will
*.><■ located on Hyde and cross streets, be
tween Golden Gate avenue and Ellis; on
Mason and cross streets, between Eddy
and latter; on Taylor. Mason and cross
streets, between Geary and Pine: on
Jones and cross streets, between O'Far
rell and Pino; on Taylor and cross streets,
between Golden Gate avenue and Ellis
and Turk and O'Farrell: on Leaven worth
and orosa streets, between O'Farrell and
Pine streets.
» ♦ ■
Yesterday's Insolvents.
diaries Hansen of Rocklln, JI7BS, ai«^ts
none: Frank E. Pedro, Santa Clara,
J2S7 45. no assets.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 0. 1899.
GRAND ARMY MEN
HOLD AN ELECTION
SPLENDID RALLY OF GEORGE
H. THOMAS POST.
Active Recrutting Will Be the Order
Until the Opening of the Next
Century.
C H. HI. INN
Tho annual election In George H. Thom
•«n Pv*\. Grand Army of the Republic, last
'evening, rallied a large number of veter
ans. The following named officers were
chosen to serve for the ensuing year: A.
Mauti post commander; a. D. Cutler,
senior vice commander; Selden Sturges,
Junior vice commander; C. H. Minn, quar
termaster; C. H. Ball, surgeon; W. W.
Allen, chaplain; Ellery Willis, oftlcer of
the day; 11. A. Sari- . officer of the guard.
Trustee**— W. H. l'ari»«ll. C. K. Wilson,
Phil l. Fisher.
The newly elected post commander, A.
Mautner. in chief clerk In the Pension Of
fice, San Francisco. He served in the
Army of the Cumberland with Colonel
MendcnhrtH'H Battery M of Fourth United
States Artillery, and participated in the
battles of Htone River, Chlckamauga,
Missionary Ridge and other noted con
flicts of the civil war.
Colonel Charles H. Blinn. who was
again elected to the responsible position
of quartermaster, went to the front In
the famous First Vermont Cavalry in
186 i. serving with his regiment throughout
the war. He was wounded and taken pris
oner at Middletown Va.. May 24. 1562. and
was confined at Belle Island until the fall
of the same year. He was captured again
by Colom-l Mosby's raiders at Drainsville.
Va., In the spring of ISC3, and released
the next day. He was In the great cav
alry charge at Gettysburg where General
Farnsworth, leading the brigade, was
killed. Colonel Blinn has been elected
quartermaster eighteen successive years,
and now has the distinction of being the
oldest quartermaster In the Grand Army
of the Republic.
Fourteen representatives to the depart
ment encampment to be held at San Luis
Obispo In 1900 were also chosen last night.
Remarks by the newly elected officers
were Inspiring. Special efforts to increase
the membership of this exceptionally
prosperous post were promised. Active
recruiting will be the order until the
next century begins. .
General George G. Meade Post No. 48,
G. A. H . elected the following officers for
1900 last evening: Commander. G. W.
Wood; senior vice commander, Robert
Graham; Junior vice commander, W. O.
Coles; quartermaster, William F. Howe;
officer of the day. William Moore; chap
lain. A. E. Leavitt; surgeon, Joseph
Washington: officer of the guard, James
Minnlgan; inside guard. Barton Wll
marth; delegate to encampment, William
Frecland.
The installation will take place on the
first Tuesday in January.
CHINESE MAKE GIFT
TO BOARD OF TRADE
At a meeting of the Six Chinese Com
panies, held In Chinatown last night, it
was decided to donate the sum of $400 to
the State Board of Trade. This Is the first
time In the history of San Francisco that
such action has been taken by the Chi
nese, and It will be looked upon as having
considerable significance In commercial
bodies.
The Chinese. In offering the donation,
desire to bring about closer relations of
trade between China and America. Their
subscription is made as a suggestion that
they are becoming more Interested in
American industries and wish to see them
prosper.
During the meeting, which was well at
tended, attention was called to the com
mendable features of the recent Fourth
of July parade, as made by the Chinese,
and also to the donations to the volun
teer reception fund.
Died of an Operation.
Mrs. Emma L. Roberts, wife of an em
ploye on the San Mateo Railway, died
yesterday afternoon at 1411 Kansas street.
It Is supposed that death was produced
by an operation performed by herself.
Dr. A. O. Meyer, residing at 2777 Twenty
fourth street, reported the case to the 1
Morgue official*. He stated that the |
woman informed Dr. Bobey, who resides
at the comer of .Twentieth street and San
Curios avenue, that she was responsible
for her critical condition when he at
tended her. . •
» ■» . .
Longshoreman Drowned.
The body of John McMann. a long
shoreman, was picked up In the bay near
section 3 of the seawall yesterday after
noon. The last time McMann was seen
alive was on the night of the Oreen-N«lll
fight. It is supposed that he accidentally
fell from one of the wharves and was I
drowned. The body had evidently been
In the water about two weeks. •
THINKS DODGE SHOULD PAY.
Julius Saulman Protests the Paying
of Salaries by the City to Poll
Tax Collectors.
Mayor Phelan Is In receipt of a com
munication from Julius Saulman, where
in the latter calls th.' Mayor's attention
to what he terms a misappropriation of
the city's finances and the depleting of
the treasury by the unwarranted and Il
legal methous of Assessor Dodge and
asks that tne Mayor Investigate the
charges and call a halt to a practice that
has already cost the city many thousand
dollars.
Mr. Saulman more specifically charges
that Assessor Dodge has in his employ
several deputies whose duties consist sole*
ly of collecting poll tax and thai their
salaries are paid out of the city's general
fund; that while the Assessor recolves 15
per cent of the entire amount of poll tax
s.i collected he pays nothing for the col
lection of the nine and the entire ex
po n^o is borne by the city.
At this time .if the year when but few
poll tax receipts nre sold It often happens
thai the deputy collects lens money during
the month than the amount which the
city pays him as a salary and 15 per cent
of the collections Is withheld as the As
sessor's commission, making the city
poorer than It would have been had no
deputy be«-n employed Mayor Phelan
has promised to look Into the matter.
ELECTION BUSINESS.
Registration Office Will Be Open in
the Evening.
The Board of Election Commissioners,
with Commissioner Lane In the chair,
met yesterday morning to perfect ar
rangements for the bond elections to be
held this month. Mayor Phelan was un
able to attend owing to the illness of his
mother.
The demand. of J. W. McKenzle for pM
for erecting a new warehouse at Division
and Seventeenth streets was passed.
Registrar Bteppacher reported 250 new
registration! since the last election and
279 changes In residence. It was decided
to keep the registration office open even
ings from 7 '.. Id o'clock.
H. CJ. Pall was awarded tho contract for
printing ballots, etc.. at $837 50.
Cunningham. Curtis & Welch offered to
furnish stationery for the Registrar*! of
llf-e 1' $S5 12 and was a.warded the con
tract.
McNear A- Dutton were authorized to
move and erect election booths, as pre
scribed by the Registrar, at the rate of
$12 a booth.
Novel and Attractive.
Ten 2-cent stajnpi f^nt the Malt-Xutrlne
I>pt., AnheUKf-r-HuKch Hrewlnj? Ai»«n., St.
liouls, U. B. A., will Mcnw ■ beautiful pack
of playing cards, with face carls representing
many of our celebrated American heroes—
Dewey. King of Heart*. Sampson. King of
Spades, etc. No finer cards are obtainable, and
this novel feature adds to the Interest.
Tax Books for the Assessor.
A conference was held yesterday morn
ing in the Assessor's office, at which there
were present State Controller Colpan,
Auditor Wells, Assessor Podge, Colonel
Sullivan, who represented Mayor Phelan.
and the members of the State Board of
Equalization, The proposition of furnish
in« the Assessor with the necessary books
and stationery for writing up the tax
rolls for the next fiscal year was taken
up. and after some discussion Colonel
Sullivan directed the Assessor to make
out a requisition for the articles for pre
sentation to the Supervisors and the
Mayor would devise some means to se
cure payment for them out of the availa
ble funds.
H.Liebes&Companyggl
(INCORPORATED) otherfurhous;
in the West.
THE LARGEST FUR HOUSE Quality, fit
*** IN THE WORLD. «n «* .* l"L^t
Collarettes lis Capes
In all the new-effects. '■Jfalfiistt'" We have a most beau-
Over on: hundred JraMt^ffia? tiful stock, with over 50
styles to select from m ma*mo*2ss&& r *&^SL styles to select from.
A ruimbrrof choice spc- (E3s3^^^ii?)Sv^gSift4 ' . c
cials this week. '^MW^^^^^ with "astrakhan yoke
Baltic Sal, with as- finished with tails all
trakhan yoke, 10-inh IfflSrJSf&ssMKJfa ;»nunJ, $13; 16-inch.
$5.00 raja $14; 18-inch $15
Choice Electric S .V. \^^frl**^s* V v ChoicestQu ilitvElec-
10-inch...- $8.00 V^BlrV- W tr ' C Seal ' U ' th P( * r>;i;in
Astrakhan Voice, r^JF^fiSS;^ ' ' mt> 01 " 1 n °, ple fe
genuine black marfn 4^^#|fe^^fc tails all around 25
and finished, with fight * . Alaska Sealskin
tailS $12 ' 60 S,nJ for Ka^fuU* tlluuraua- J* ckctS > * 150 and *»
catalogue.
OOaWSCKW Special attention to mail orders. <*&&&&&>
T| If [I I*J J* Curved Stone Marten Opossum Scarf,
Buy i our Holiday < ° nc head anj five taiis $2 50
j ■ J •£* Same in Horseshoe Shnprs.
Nprtwpjir RpfnrA •" $8 - 60 and $4 - 00
nCtlVyVCdl lIWIUIW < Genuine Black Marten Horseshoe
' Scarfs $10.00
fliP Riff KlKh • Choice Mink Horseshoe Scarfs :...
lilt Ulg 1111311 •••• 9 $10.00, $12.50 and $16.00
133, 135, 137 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
TANKER'S NERVE
IS SHAKEN WHEN
A WOMAN FAINTS
Scene at Opening of
Murder Trial.
LOUIS MILLE ON THE STAND
DR. ZABALA'S ABSENCE CAUSES
AN ADJOURNMENT.
Special Counsel for the People Says
That He Will Show That Jeal
ousy Was Responsible
for the Tragedy.
George L. Tanner, who shot and killed
James Brown and Fannie Barnes on
August 26 last in a little lodging house at
503 Folsom street, experienced various
emotions during the short time he was
on trial for murder before Judge Dunne
yesterday morning. The trial opened
shortly after 10 o'clock. George W. Rue
sell had taken the stand and pointed out
the various Important points on the dia
gram he had drawn of the scene of the
tragedy. Tanner sat rubbing his hands
nervously together, intently watching the
first witness against him, Louis Mllle.
when a scream behind him started him
from his chair. Miss Brown, a daughter
of the murdered man, anxious to see that
her loss through her father's murder was
avenged, had come into court, but the
strain proved too great for her nerves
and she swooned away.
The bailiff hurried to her assistance and
Just as he reached her she apparent
ly went into convulsions. Several men as
sisted In removing her to the adjoining
chamber and a physician was summoned
from the Receiving Hospital. Remedies
were administered and In a short time
she was able to be removed to her home.
The excitement occasioned by the scene
did not subside for some time. Finally,
however, the examination of the witness:
continued. He was the keeper of the
house In which the tragedy was en
acted, but an objection made by the de
fense prevented him from telling the
story of the crime.
Dr. Zabaia, autopsy physician of the
Morgue, was not present, and the defense
contended that as the corpus delect! had
not been established the testimony of the
witness was incompetent. Tne objection
was sustained and the witness left the
Stand. Dr. Zabaia will testify as to the
death of the murdered man and woman
to-day and give evidence as to the cause
thereof, after which the trial will proceed
with Mllle on the stand.
J. X. B. Wilson appeared as special
counsel for the prosecution, and said that
he would show that the murder was ac
tuated by jealousy and that the accused,
who is an old man. moved next door to
the place occupied by his victims with the
sole Intention of murdering them.
TO IMPROVE MISSION STREET.
The Official Grade and Modern Pave-
ment Are Demanded.
The committee for the Improvement of
Mission street met in the oillco of the
Merchants' Association yesterday. Pres
ent were Herbert E. Law, J. P. Merrill
and \v. J. Lowrj of the committee. «• S.
Chamberlain, representing th.; wood
block pavement, was also present. The
grade of Mission street was discussed and
a communication was submitted from the
Surveyor's office relative to the grading of
the street.
It was suggested that It would be a
good plan, after the charter goes into
effect, trt have the city put the street on
the official grade. A motion was adopted
that the City Engineer be requested to
furnish a diagram showing how much
each corner of the streets intersecting
Mission street In below the official grade.
Mr. Law stated that the Sharon estate
heirs, and also Wells, Fargo & Co., have
expressed themselves as willing to co-
Operate with the committee In any man
ner possible. He suggested that the pe
tition for the signatures of the property
owners be drawn up In two parts; one
for the rejmvement of the street and the
oth*r for cutting off the sidewalk. Messrs.
Merrill and Lowry were appointed a spe
cial committee to Interview Mayor Phe
lan upon the probability of securing as
sistance from the city for the improve
ment of Mission street after the charter
£"> s Into effect.
The secretary was Instructed to notify
the committee as soon as he received
from the City Engineer the diagram
showing the grades of Mission street, so
that a meeting may be held for the con
sideration of the same. The length and
extension of the seawall were discussed.
It was ascertained that the same extends
from the foot of Taylor street to within
75 feet of the northerly line of Mission
street. y
In the Divorce Court.
Sibyl Irene Blum has been granted a
divorce from Jacob Blum on the ground
of willful dlsertion. Decrees of divorce
on the pround of failure to provide have
been granted Freda Rlcka from James W.
Ricks. Savina Bardonl from I'mberto
Hardoni and Mary L,. Pond from Enoch
Pond.
Suits for divorce have been fiUd by
Annie Metnster against Israel D. MeiQster
fnr desertion: Teresa Smith against Wil
Ham Smith for failure to provide, and
William O. Walsh against Stella Waist)
for cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AS SPECIALTIES
OF OUR.
PEREMPTORY
MONEY -RAISING
SALE
We Offer This Day : .
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S HOSIERY and UNDERWEAR,
reasonable and of excellent quality, at LESS THAN COST.'
A Large Lot of Remnants of BLACK and COLORED DRESS
GOODS at LESS THAN COST,
A Special Lot of 3-INCH MOIRE TAFFETA RIBBON, all silk.
PRICE, 3 yards for 25c. Reduced from 15c per yard.
750 pairs LADIES' FRENCH KID GLOVES, in tans, browns
and blacks, fine quality, regular $1.25, on sale at 60
cents per pair.
iMIJf Murphy Building; /
Cor. Market, Jones and McAllister Sts.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low at Jl will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. 8x11). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of ths
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to th«» memory of the beloved poet
r.t <-hll*tionn < A<1«1--»««
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT 30UVESIR FUND
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to rend postage, enclose
_ _ 10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is inserted as
our Contribution.
ft P? fZ? TRIAL AT OFFIC E
Catarrh niinrn
&sCUREDSf|
NO FEES ALL DISEASES. ■tifcj'
Pay for medicines only. C>|i^ I
Call. Write. ■ 9-12. 2-6 8 £& £
ALPHA REMEDY CO., 8 !< " i
1032 Market Street, S. F. 5 *§ 5
I ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, b
DR. MEYERS A CO. have the largest prac- H
tice and best equipped medical Institution R
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 year* B
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office I
or by mail. am letters confidential. H
17311 731 Market St., San Francisco. I
nil T^fy Permanent cure. Entire time
111 M It V devoted to rectal diseases.
ill ¥^ References, those cured. No
M. IL/JUaJ »urirery. A. J. ATKINS.
M. D.; SJS Putter st San
Francisco; hours 1 to 1 p. m.
• •••••••-•• ♦•••••••♦••••••♦
ii The luxury, comfort, conveniences. 1 1
ii cuisine and 'nioderat* charges nave 
« given the M
| PALACE and |
; GRAND I
♦ ♦
1 hotels a reputation that Is known wh«r- i
M ever the Kntlt«h language Is spoken. ,
i . Connected by a covered passageway— 
i, 1400 rooms— Mo with baths. .
1 1 JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Mar.acr. J
■•»•..••»»•..••.■♦-• .»».....
v B if ■ 808 £■ ■■ M ■ C^_J*
w8 I saPrxi Bn R3H H bTD I
DR.PIERCES *1
GOLDEIM
• MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BIOOP.UVER.HJIMGS.
SJh CBUnester'B E»g*|r.li Diamond Kraad. *--
f ENNYROYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<V" . Original *ad Only SeamXß«. A
y^tfrri^\ a * rc * *■'»*.»• mistily vent uk isiv
A.M^'dla I''«-'El«l t^r CMc\eittra Cnn'ut i>^-JK)^
(l* i *k*lSy?C±**>->J Srtn.Ha Urd and ti-Ad i»ti»liitV\fflr
tv — ■ -i i Titait,. mini with k.ac ritboa. Take VUT
Wl >*,>;»"» Other. R'*Ut rUr.jrrt*.] «U',l.',-U- ▼
1/ ~ fwtun* and tmititi> m. At l'rajcUti. or*r«4« A
Iv- Jg la attmp* for p tnicaimr*. lurliwuili i •■(
\ XT* ti " Krll;-f for Lcrtlrr," it letter, tr r*tnim
mX nr MbIL »O.O»«» Trv.laocialt. Jteev I% £
"rCbl»H«.terChoi*lcalCo.,V|iidli*« »Xi Mtre.
■M ay all Uxal jln*. PHIL Mr vj,
F?T.?2 & SHSPH STOPPED FREE
fk \ ffl ySr Permanently Cured br
:2: 2 •! IS V DR. KLINE'S GREAT
111 ©NERVE RESTORER
IB H■■ STOPPED FREE
ri *' ■ X* Permanen'.l) Curcdbr
■* % DR. KLIME'S QREAT
• A NERVE RESTORER
X ■• -«•*•
OnV] fjniu.'-uli'il. j*Me<B»l m br mall; tr*at'*e ml
■A >[.• TKIAI. lUrTTI.I-: I I! UP.
2& (• Fit p«l(*t.i« »ho p»J f<pr-«u,-» unit on .|»lli»rr.
'■'£ Prrmanrnt Cure, col »■ _r leap. I . r»ll*f. Ut all .V«r.
fSL tout /luir.l'n. K|>i:ri'-T 8| Mir.t. Si Vl»i. . ' liaaec.
;; DVuiuir.F.ihamiU.a. nil. It. I!.KM>C I.d.
--* 931 Arch Street, Philadelphia, <««»] u:l
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
tfn t Steamers leave Broadway
.-^a^ wharf. San Francisco:
■K^M^. l ' UT Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
fa^v^y^fti Dec. 2. 7. 11. 17. ::. ::. Jan. I.
cß».UPi\>v!l ctar.K-; to company's steam-
B2^HJ\^aa em at Seattle. .
BK^r^^H^t or Victoria. Vancouver
f^«»Aj (H. C>, Port Tr;wni*r.d. Se-
attle, Tac>ma. Everett. An*.
. rnrtes an.l New Whatcom
(Wash 19 a. m.. Dec. 1. 7.
It 17 M •n Jan. 1, •'"' every fifth day th«r»-
aVter- change at Seattle to this company c
&In,erV?r Alaska and (1 N. RT: at Ta.-om»
to N P It y »t Vancouver to C. P. Hallway.
For fureka"(Humb..ldi Bay). Ip. m Dec V
10 is. W .ni ». Jan. 4. and every itih day
th For*Sa'nta Crux. Monterey San Simeon. Cayn-
cos. Port Hartord <fan Luis Ohl.po). Gavlott.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu«neme. Ban Pednx,
East San Pedro Of ADgele,) and Newport 9
a m Dec 2. «. 19. 14. 1«. ti. 28. JO, Jan. T.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Pert Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
sum Dec. 4. S. 11. M, W. 2«. M. Jan. 1. and
-very fourth day thereafter.
For Fn*enai*.a. Ma«'iTl«na Bay. Ban Jos* d«l
Cabo Muzatlan. Altata. La Pal. Banta Rosa«
Ita and Guayraai (Max.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. •-♦ • ..
For further Information obtain company*
f 'older. .
The company reserves the right to ehang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing datea
and hoin-i -f unllln*
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street < Palace Hotel). _
OOODALL PERKINS & CO-.^en. Agts..
10 Jfarket st. Sin Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
r DIBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
!P O R.T T_, A. IST 3D
Frcm Pp«»ar-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *I 2 Flrnt Class locludtn*; Bert*
IAiIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
State of California. Dee. 4. 14. 24. Jan. 1
Columbia Falls Dec. 9. IS. 29. Jan %
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Dutto.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points KaKt
E. C WARD. General Agent.
S3) Market a:.
OOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
JTEW TORI. SOOTHAJIPTO.t. LOSDOS. PABtl
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Weilne *day. 19 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. »JPt. Louis Dec. 11
St. Louis N<jv. X St. I*nul Pec. 57
St. Pau1. ...'.. DM « New Tork Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York nnJ Antwerp.
! From New Tork. Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
-land Nov. llKennlngton ....Nor. 13
uthwark ... Nov. tt Noordlan.l D«c. 4
Westernland ...Nov. KiFrlesland ...Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seartte. St. Michael. Dawson Ctry.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,*
30 Montgomery ft . or any of its agencies.
Rates and sailings for 1940 now ready.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Drannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe Mr > Nagasaki and Shanghai, ant
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU.....' Thursday. Dee. 21
HONGKONG MAUL* Tuesday. Jan. II
NIPPON MART Friday. Feb. I
Via Honolulu. • . • ■ .
Bound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
411 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
The S. S. Australia
J^ttUfcßHiT sails for Honolulu
•E"**" 1 * Wednesday. Dec IS.
y■* " at 2p. m.
M. MkmTi^^T^ s - 8 - Maripos* sails
SfpJmCninJ via Honolulu and
, r^Sm Q)lulllDIIIU 6/ Auckland for Sydney
oBs»^ (nF.Pi'XuU- v ■•' ""lay. Dee. 27.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawtlt.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Suef.
England, etc.: $<l'> first class.
i. 0. SPKECKELS * BROS. CO.. H4Uontg«nen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market SL
COMPAOMIE SENtBALK TBA!»BATLAMTIQCX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -.e^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of viCTiS
Saturday, from November 2. 1539. at >*»* - > < »» l *
10 a. m.. trcm Pier 42 North Rlv«r. foot o|
Mcrton st LA r:MA*I>IK. Nov. 1«; LA
GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
SO; LA lIRETAGNE. Dec. 7 First-class ti
Ha re, % f A and upward; 6 per cent reduction ea
round trip. Second-class to Havre. $13: S p#r
cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL;
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway Mlu4«on building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI &*CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery, a ye.. San Franriseo.
1
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ".Montlcello." %
MON.. Tues. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at I:4J
a. m.. J:1I. S:3O p. m. (ex. Thurs. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and % 3": Sundays. 10:30 a. m. •
p. in. Landing an I office. Mlimlon-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Man 15CS.
' FARE iy>
1 A PERMANENT CURE 1
I A PERMANENT CURE
j i of the moot obstinate caws of Gonorrhoea i |
i ' anil Gleet, cuarantcitl In from 3 to O i ,
. 1 1 days. ; no other treatment required. ' i
• I - Sold by all dn:j^f >?«. , >
COKE! COKE!
' P. A. MeDONALOk
Wbolesale Dealer and Shipper of COM
XJITICB ta yoL*K>M IX, — - Jt '
. .
1112
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
■ V OF THE MARKETS.
Shipment of $~6,jSi to China.
Silver «i fraction mar. Exchange as before.
Wheat doing better again. Barley Hat.
Oats. Corn and Rye as before.
Relied Oats and Dried Peas advanced.
Hay and Fccastuffs weak and unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Medium grades of Butter easier. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs continue to decline and are dull.
Apples and Oranges still lower and abundant,
Dried Fruits dull, with a decline m Prunes.
Almonds and Walnuts depressed, with a decline in the latter.
Honey firm and in good demand.
Provisions dull here, but livelier in Chicago.
Wool stiff and active at a further advance. •
Hides continue firm and active. Tattoo easy.
Hops off again and hard to sell.
Meat market unchanged.
Decreased coinage of the Mint.
Increased revenue collections.
Charters.
T>.« Bertie Minor loads redweoil at Eureka
for Honolulu.
Th« ("olumMt was ' .-'Ted pitor to ar
rival fcr wheat to Europ*.
Treasure Shipment.
Th« On Par.g took out a treasure list of
I7CSO, oonslaUaC of $53.4€1 In Mexican dollars.
::. :<• in gold ooln. ♦::..'«•" !:> silver bullion anJ
:: '. v :a - ..i' ■:...-.•. silver.
Revenue Collections.
Internal revenue collections In this district
during the first «!even months of the year
amounted to J3.413.547. .....:-.»• $2.772, 0C4 for the
f<asie time last >car. the leaillnc Iten:s being
as follows: Beer. tI.CI7.CS>; J770.011;
t^baoco. IiiS,SS7; wsr stamr*. J V 67.€74.
Coinage of the Mint.
The coinage of the local Mint during the
flnst eleveu tr.ontfcs of the year amounted to
I'.S.IS2.BSG. against US.«i7'\CS3 for the same time
In I<*&. as follows: IX<uble eagles, t?«,«»i5.000;
eacles, ?i.lT!i.<>!.>«': half-eajrles. $;.7:s.tK>f>: dollars.
5-.'". 000j half-d'illr.rs. I7CJ.UI; quarter-dollars.
J>S.JOO; dlnjen. $17i,7i0.
Weatlicr Report.
Cj:?t>. Meridian— raciSs ' -re.}
SAN FRANCISCO, IVo. 5—5 p. m.
Tli« follcxrinc are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!ste, as compared nlth ihuse of etsr.e date last
►•.•-. and raiuf&ll In th« la*t twenty-four
hours:
Last TWO Lav
Stutlcas— 14 Hours. 6ea»on. Season.
Eureka . O.W :• -. 5.21
Ited Bluff 0.10 7.3] 2.12
J«acram«r.to 0.10 7.25 l.«l
San Krar.cl»oo O.« 7.7< 1. 81
FVcaao 0.2J J. 74 1.43
Indcj'endence o.<>>* o.>o 0 «1
San Luis «tb:*po O.c: 6.78 067
Ivi Angeles ». O.CI 2.4 i O.IS
San l»le K o ...„ 1... 0.0.) 1.25 0.21
Yum» {•**» <t.1% 0.18
San Francisco flata: Maxltnum temperature.
(2; minimum, 4K; incjn, i>4.
The jrcßsure l:»s n».en rap'.flly over north
ern haif of the Pacific Coasu It has fallen
ov«-r Souther:: CallT^rnia.
A storm of mnd'nif «-ncrgy I'Verlles Rnuthern
California nnd .Southern Arlx^na, The tejnper
aturo ha:- r.^en over Northt-rn California, and
It lias !til<S over Nevada and Western Arl
xnr.a.
ConiJltlf.rs are favorable Tor frc*t Wednes
day morr.;r.K oxer the sr»"ater t-ortl'jn of Cali
fornia.
Snow is falling In Utah, xnd will prrbably
tall in the Ssn <«nVrlfl and San Bernardino
nsr.res and the Sierra Nevadus.
The following maximum wind velocities are
retorted: Fort «"anby. thirty-four miles per
boor, from the w-«-»t; Sacramento, thirty mile*.
Jrr.m th>- northweM.
J"< ■r»-ca('t majo «t San Francisco for thirty I
h'urn ernllng mldalgtat. December €:
Northern t'allfornia— Fair Wednrwlay. with
'.: UMiirn cl.juilir.'->» nt night; frost WeJnes- I
ilsv n.ori.lr.c; light northerly winds.
Southern <allf"rnla--l"nir Wednesday, except
In extreme (.f.utheaMrm i>criior.. where It will
rcreain doudjr; irnhahly llrht frcsts WeJne«
<!»>• DOOmlnc: southerly ihangltig to light i
northea>-;erl> winds.
Nexrid.i — Fair Wednesday; warmer In wett
*m portion.
Utah— Snow early Wedaesilay morrlnc; fair
Wednesday.
Arinnji— Cloudy TV'eiinesday, with rain or
srx.w In the mountains.
San Fran<-t»co and v'.clnlty— Fair Wednesflay.
•with incrf-aflnc cloudiness at night; light
northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
iERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NTTC yr^niC. IVc. C— To-day's events tn the
■tack ni«rk<t brought :i.J-'.:t 1 .t»ni discourage- I
M»'-nt to th'<l>e Wlio l.sd l.een :i!'' ::.;■: i-.k to!
t:<attita!n or advance prices of securities. Liqui- |
datlon worn the order of the day. and many
holders who liave waltr-d fur weeks on de
ferred bopea "t the situation clearing up and
the bull inark»-l being Inaugurated, threw over!
their !*<V.d!ng* to-day. The weakness wax most I
-^parent in th*> Industrials and Bpectaltfea, but i
11." rhilrriad stock* were very generally Kold. |
Th^re w:m *.'j;lt* buying of stocks lai-t week
t>n the iitvttumi>tlon of *i»?c>ilatlv«* profes«!ona!s
that the ITesldTif* iii«-Ks»JMr«» wan to be.*]
bullish doctnsrat tnd ttt publication to-day
la-ought prr-nt-taklng Irani thone nourcrs In the
:..'... orQer «.f events. The jtaragraphs of
tlie me: safe hearing OO th»- »-übject of Indus
trial combinations was tt:<- ground for *iM-«-ial
«faknen« in the Industrial department. <Julte
n tmintwr of thet»e securities axe from one to
thr»» ;>>irit* lower on the day. A finale lot of
I'r.ltrd £tait*s ■.' .:• .. preferred *old at 12
*S*iti*l &tii the lan preceding Kale, Thin ntork
»'•!■» <-n *>pterr.ber IS itt 7r>4. Hut the principal
Influence in the day's weakness* was the money
i- ■.-.•.• The -;;.::■.;,■ character of the
selltJUC nnd the rjcreding dullness of the In
u-rvenlr.K j^rlojK reflected the o{>eratlon of
'...-. lontrai'tior. by tin- bank*, the *ueoe«u>l%e
raiil::g "t !"«"* throwing blocks of securities
tj«on tiio mariiei. whlrh found no Kupp<jrt
*w»!tl:i« them. There wcr» * >me plight UfflU
<>T Dnuttesa in the early ri'..«lln»;s nnd <-f<(>oc'iHlly
in hußai .-it.'l «.'.n:<* of the railinatl >'t<n*ka. The
t trunk limn remained oom]iarmUvc]y firm
thr..UKh"Ut, but the *lt}.-ht evMeaon of rtr'-nsth
eluevrber* cave way to the central tide «>f
w«aUrn-t-a. <"all mnney rcaihrd S jxt oetit early
Jn the day anl rece<le<l to tt befxtv the olos».
but the eannx of the rate Old not briri; any
►tr«-n»;tli to Ht..rkß In view of the general out
look. Sh![it.i»-nts of mon. y nre si ill l»::.c made
t" New <»r!-ati»i and Xhv New York ex< hanjre
iat« at Jmi'o«'t«'''t centi-rn continues
«t a material tilnount. NotwttltstaniJintf yes
liTrtaj's ('.lhtjunieniTts by the Kub-tr»-t.sjry of
o\er fv«j,'««t «>n a'vount «^f hind re<!einrtlons
tliMt Jurtllutlon wa» a creditor at the rlfarinir
liiium- tJiIK niornlTiK !•> thr extent or over J?X).
<im. Itr jriiiti from O.e tiunkh rtrif* lh?l Frlilay
ha* rr«>-ht'd ti.OA.to'j. The majority «.f il.e
1 ■.-.- belr.x fctlll Vll7 near »r Ul^w liielr lecul
. icMuvti reqalrenjeais this Kbrinkac* in re
*>>uvcru 1» fiirrlnu irtHl J'.irtlier <v>ntrartion «<f
lf«?i liabltltle^. T»ie tendency is Snrreawd ty
the iij'j.rnai li of th" ar.nuMl Mttlmwat period
fi.r rori«<ratii>ns nnd rrepMratlon* for the »|.w
citl di niand f"r money ulilrh will be niHde by
It iij-'in the tajrply. Sterlh.ic rntrs aram a-1
\^nred to-day in New Y«.rk. Paris a»id IVt-rlln.
notwlthftantll'u: » ftirt»-<-r eauir.B or the rate
f..r rail money .M the English renter. The
New \tirk rate la tio'.v within a fraction of the
fnld «'Xport jintti' urd it lc palj.aMe Jh»l only
a Klirr rate for tn'inry In the h>cal m«.rkft -vlll
»i'.ld It ln-lnw that p.'!n*'- The closing ut the
fitork market was gaaeraUX easy and near t*..f
l«,w jioint.
rrire» of lic.nds declined In rrrr>r>Athy with
rtrxJc. Total «uJ«-s. far vniue. Sl.teo.ouo.
I'nltrd Staten new 4s and old in <n»itl«tered)
«.fl\ jui-i-d x * and do coupon nnd I* , :n the
Md jirl^e. The Ss derlined \k.
NEW XpIUC STOCK LIST.
Bhares Clfwinß
Bolfi. HM.
:.?;"i Atefci,nn a
H.RM AtrhiPnn prefd MV4
2.r^> Haltlniore A Ohio MS
ST« Cwiadlan ra^irc f*
Ctnaris Poiithcrn 11*+
12.1H Oir^H^alte & *llilo Ji",
t 0!« <li:rnr,-« «jreat We»tern :<-,
*.?'i fhlraa-n IJurlinßioTi & Qulnc>' 111"»
1.1J" <-).! j»:«> Xrd & Louis '. Ji'i
130 Chic Ind A Louis prefd 4S
200 Chic .<* East Illinois 954
150 Chicago & Ni>rth western 1664
3.C . Chicago Rock Island <& Pacific 112
1.411 C C C & St Louis C^i
445 Colorado Southern 6
110 Col Southern Ist prefd 46%
Co) Southern 2d prefd IS
2,*v«i Jtriaware Hi Hudson 120 j
IHI Jjick Jt Western 157*;
135 Denver & Rio Grande 2C'« I
400 Denver &- 11 O prefd 73
MO Kile 12S
122 Erie Ist ppffd 37
I,W r.roat Northern prefd ITS I
MS Hccking Coal 17 s ; j
420 Hocking Valley 33
2.17«t Illinois Central 1144
JftO lowa Central 134 i
100 lowa Central prefd sfi
301 Kan* City Pitt* A Gulf S4
COO Lake Erie /L- Western ....* lps^
L X & Western prefd SO
L» l,ake Shore .. . 105
6.«£ Louisville & Nashville R3*i
12.r0 Manhattan I. 1(44
1.450 Metropolitan Street Hy 192 1 -.
450 Mexican Central 12* 4
Minn 4- St Louis . 65
Minn ■ 61 1- prefd 95 •
S.:a Missouri Pacific 47»,
Mobile & Ohio . 43*4
Mist url Kansas & Texas 11% '
COO M X * T proM 31V, i
SOO Now Jersey Central . 1204
1.420 New York Central 13CV*
S.9SO Norfolk & Western C6^
€00 Norfolk & Western prefd 70$ I
IK.MO Northern Pacific £.54 1
3.420 Northern Pacific prefd 76^»
2.C3Q Ontnrlo & Western 25
Oregon Hallway .v Xav 42
Or Hy a Nay prefd 76
J.<so Pennsylvania 134U I
I.OCO Reading Ji)
3.C20 Heading Ist preM S«
<W> Reading 2d prefd son
Itlo Grande Western 424
Itlo Grande Western -ef d S3
MO St Louis & San Francisco 1"V
St I. * S F Lai prefd 72
-•!.*■;■ M prefd 3*5
7"-0 St Louis Southwestern , 114
600 St Louis Southwestern prefd 30U
10.54S St Paul . i; 3
St Paul preM 1:24
St Pu'il & Omaha 1174!
84.790 Southern Pacific 4 n H
1.22<l Southern Railway US
6.3d) Southern Railway preM r.T
CO Texas A Pr.ctftc 17s*
3Tt.S»O Union Pacific <:«u
4.111 Union Pacific prefd' 76H
375 Wahash 7*;
125 Wal-tiFh prefd '. ;;l»
4.400 Wheeling ALE j. s,
2.100 Wheeling & L X prefd 2?S
Wisconsin Centra; 194
Express' Companies —
A* 'i.« ...112
American 145
170 United States a
Wwis-Hartf,, m
Miscellaneous—
473 American «"otton Oil 344
American «*<>tton Oil prefd 95
20i> American Malting ?*;
L 00) American Malting prefd 41
3.0T.5 American Smeltirg & Refng . . . 3M 4
L'Wi) American Smelting & Rfng prefd... i'j\
:*> American Spirits 31,
American Spirits pref.l 1;
I.21«) American Steel Hoop «;*£
W0 American Steel Hrwip prefd S3
5.47'» American Steel & Wir« «64
*■'*) American Steel & Wire prefd sr>
1.220 American Tin Plate 32
'."0 AnvMlran Tin Plato refd H
17.S""i American Tobacco ij|
American Toltarro prefd 143
711 Anaconda Mining Co 434
C 2.145 lirooklyn Rapid Transit s-ivT
&1W Colorado Fu»l & Iron | {,41;
17.1!<5 Ci»ntinontal Tobacco 3314
2.f0 C'ltitlnental Tobacco prefd '«14
Zi.ir,i lateral Steel j.^v
1.190 Te<lerHl Ptoel ofd KO4
2.l"rt (Jeneral Kl»-ctrlc 1;-/
Gluoc«»e Kurar 53
T. 33 <!!uc«>fie S.iKar prefd .....too
1.0^5 International Paj^r 21
{«V> International Paper prt-fd .* C 3
JT.O Ijiclede Gn« £•»
300 National Biscuit ....'..'. 4"
National Hlsouit prefd \. 95
National Lead 2?U
National 1 • id prefd l^ 7 .*.
i.WO National Steel . ; . s il
S7S National Steel pr*fd 5314
New York Air BraJ<e 144.,
4.300 North American ' HtZ
140 Paclflc Coast tiul
Pacific <V>a«t Ut prefd S7 "
Pacific Coast :ul prefO B
13.C71 Pacific Mall ;." 4 «i 4
!..r>;o pi-nple'H Ga« 'ill
320 Pre« f ed St^el <> r .....'. r,«;i-
HO Pressed Steel Car prefd S3'
100 Pullman Palace Car UJU
S'VI Standard Rope & Twine ...... 11
4M3i Sugar ...161*
Sugar prefd ilisv
S.IIT. Tennessee roal A Iron 1 -,
24.1€T» ITnltM States Leather ' ii 4
:..f'W> I'nlted States Leather pr*fd ... '" 754.
e>» T'nlted Stut»» Rubber 4 a
S"0 I'nlted States Rubber prefd , !lfrf<4
195 Western Union [' -«*
I.C2S Republic Iron * Steel "'" «3r*
Jtepubllc Iron & Steel prefd .'.'.'" " iV«U
PCC&St I«ouli ;; ; 72^
6"2.7.» Shares acid.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg -•• ■ ! Do <» «»»■
i>« s« reg lOMijN v c i*t»...!!;;;;ii-.,*
I» 3s cup loss., MJ c gen t5.... 1:1
Do new 4- reg 13S'« X Carolina 63... i"7
]«i new 4- c0up. .133V L>o «• 109
I>o old 4s r«-g 1124 M Pacific lata.... "no
1)0 old 4s coup... 1131^ I>o 3s cT.a-
I>o ",.; reg "'» l> o 4. " 10^,*
Do 5« coup 11l* k |N T C & 8t L 45.'.10r.»4
Hist of Col 5C55...1174 Nk W con 45.. S-v*
Ala class A UOVi Do Ben *».... 13E
Do olura II 11l Or Nar 1515.... io<;
IVi class C 101 Do «• joi
Do cumncy 1(V) Or Short Line Is.. JJI
Atrhlaon Ron 45... SS4: l>o con f.s '114
Do ■it 4» *14 Reading gen 41 M«;
Can So Sds 107 RO Win " |j2
Ch«-s & Ohio 4Vis... 96 jst L A I M con Ds'lOSV
I»o is UCI4 St L4SF ccn It 124U
Chi & Ncr con 75.. 143 St I'aul cons. . i : ]i,
I»o S F deb 55... .107 .St I' C I p j« , 121
Chi Term «•• 4 j6 Do lis... .. ; "*l*oU
J« A It a lsts 101H So Rallwny ss...'"io<S
Ui «• M Stand ... T 65. .'. S3
r. T V A «J 1*t5....l iS\ 1-r.n ii"« set .V •■»
Krl«> ten 4s 71' t v.x £ Pac lsti.. m
I* v." a. D C lsts... 7«i mi 2<lk R4
• !cn Electric Ss 11!» i; Pacific 4s if*
BHISAb... 110 W.ibash Ists.!!.'"ii4
i>o 2ds 1"G D.f Tdj .'...'IMSI
II Si T C r.s 1114 West Shore 4s m«£
Uo/con Cs ....110- WI S < «-ntral Uts p-»v
lowa Cen 1>t»......112'i.Va centuries..... ssii
KCP &C. 1»t5.... 714| ;■ odeferrtd.....:' v»2
Iji :>ew con 4s 10* ■ Colo So 4* " 8 ■
I. & N uni 4k ■•!•'« 9 Pacific 4c. ..'.'.'.'. $"«;
M X & T Ms O i ** H
HOSTON STOCKS AND ■■OS.
.Money— -Wwst Knd s*U
•Hll loons f> <!€■ IV> prefd ;ji
Tin.c l.uns SVi'uS \\>stlngtiK Elec'.'.'.i 434
I Stocks— I Do prefd t B
I At. I: X X St Fe.... :i"« ix.minlan C0a1.... 44
I»<> pr-fd w'ij I»o |.p»>fd lij
I Ann.-rl.nn Smir....i:.lS Honda—
1>" prefd 11!» U< btaon 4s 93
Hell Telephone 347 Mining Hharcs—
I JloMon & Albany.. l."* Adventure I
. Uotton Klevated...lO2'.i Allouex Mil C 0... 3
Horton & Maine Mji Atlantic ... 26
Chi D A: Q IMS , n..Kt<-n it .Mm:... in
1M Klec 111 »os 'Calumet & Hecla .7W
I KltdtburK prefd 1W Ontennlal 30«4
Gin Electric zz:>% Tranklln ]••!
)»o prefd 13SU. Humboldt • f
Krderal Ht^el 19\ OscmiU ft
l»o prefd 8« jl'urmt '. »?-:
j Mexican f>ntral... II Igulncy . y M
•'id <"olony Til jFt r Copper ... \
I Old Dominion 77 ITamarAcli 213
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 0. 1809.
Rubber Wlnona "
Union Pacific 49 i Utah «4'
L : n!i>n l.iiiil 3 !
New York Money Market.
X
NEW YORK. Dec. L-Kmn on call, firm at
62S per cent: last loan. 6 per cent; prime mer
cantile paper. 64 1 i76 p<?r cent , sterling exchange
strong, with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4 £6\4©4 *•: tor demand and M »i lt .- for sixty
days; posted rates. $4 hIViQM I—,1 —, commercial
bills. $4 v ,i* '■>.. silver certificates, SS'iQ^'ic;
bar silver. 5Sc: Mexican dollars. 47>ic: Gov
ernment bonds. Irregular; State bonds. In
active; railroad bonds, weak.
Cash in the Treasury.
■WASHINGTON. Pec. B— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $:<6,110.104; gold re
serve, i^S.toC.STT.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Idle and heavy to-day,
on apprehension* of dearer money and heavy
South African shipments of Bold. There is
come expectation that the Bank of France can
be drawn on for half the required supply, but
the tribunal has announced that It will not
raise the rale this year unless the reserve la
attacked.
In certain quarters It Is suggested that the
Bank of England will soon raise Its discount
rate to 7 per cent.
Americans were lacking In backbone, but
there was a fractional ] Improvement In them
thl6 afternoon.
Spanish fours were 674; Tlntos, 64&»; Bostons.
%: Anacondas, y-+. Utahs. 7; Arinoa, l 9-16.
Money was easier, and the bank bought £7000
told in French coin.
CLOSING
Canadian Pacific. SC»i; Union Pacific pre
ferred, 73; Northern Pacific preferred. 794;
Atchlson, 234: Louisville. 864.
Bar Sliver, steady. 27 3-16 d per ounce. Money.
4544 per cent. Grand Trunk, 7V», Anaconda,
&4.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— FliOUß— Receipts. 2-.-
Tol barrels; exports. 2SC6 barrels: fairly active
uni steady ou the basis of yesterday* prices,
which Jobbers met rather freely.
WHEAT— Uecalpts, 117.47;. bushels; exports.
232.507 bus-hels. Spot— Firm; No. 2 red, 7:^o
1. o. b afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, > f. t>.
b. afloat to arrive. Options opened steady and
unchanged, developing into positive strength
and activity on the bullish Ohio State report
and email Interior receipts, together with
steady cables, absence of liquidation and gen
eral CDvering. Closed ■•111 at He to lc net ad
vance. Murch. 74»«y75 s t c, closed 764 c; May,
74'u7< 11-lCc, closed I«%c: July, 74 r i'g7iV4C,
cK..-ed 75Uc: December. 71*372 1-iSc. closed 72c.
HIDES— Firm.
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL.— Dull. Domestic fleece, 21<SC6c.
METALS— Much the same conditions obtain
In the metal market as during the past week
or more. Spelter was marked up on Improved
demand and firmness abroad, while lead was
firmer for spot article, owing to great scarc
ity. The other departments were featureless
and largely nnminlitl. At the ck»e the Metal
Exchange called:
PKilKON— Warrants, neglected.
LAKE COPPER— DuII and nominal, at Jl7®
17 25.
TlN"— Steady for epot and easier for futures,
at J27 OGTt 75.
L.I"AD— Futures unchanged. Spot scarce, at
M 70fj4 S«.
SPELTER— Firmer, at 14 6T.-g-« 70.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper $17^17 23.
COFFEE— At the close there was a setback
under realizing. The market was finally
steady. 10 points higher. to 10 points net lower.
Total rales I*soo baxs, including: December,
X 05: January. J« lo^i<s 15; February, *•> 15©6 20:
March. t<s 15'<i6 25: May. JG 2.W6 4»; June. J6 25
<&S 35: July. J8 35f1« 15; August. H 45; Septem
ber. $6 45 'a 6 50; October. *« SOIJG 15.
'\ NO. 7 UkVOiol
No. 7 3 i. steady; Cordova, 6»i
teady. Refined, nefldy.
• BUTTBR firm.
. creamer: I 'un»> creanr-
■ ■ ■
:.arkaKea; flrn.^r
cm uiigraih-1 (it niMrV
. AL.IFORNIA DRIED FIU'IT?.
KBW YORK, !• -hanse
mark, t rulf ! quiet In
■' irnta (ndi
. ■
■ ■ ■ '■■ artl ■
STATE IVAP 'HATED APPLES— Commor,
C}j7c; prime, 7U7**c; choice, S'iflbVic; fancy,
■ .
PRUNES— California, 34iff?c per pound, as to
size and quality.
APRICOTS — Royal. 13^15c; Moorpark. 15®
Uc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 2r^22c; unpeeled. 7>i@l»c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dec 6 —May wheat opened at
i CSHc a shade over yesterday. Kalned by reason
I of steady cables, and I report from Ohio put
, tin* the condition of the crop of the State at
' J«oc. The decrease Irt European stocks with
I the Fmall shipments last week was taken by
shorts a* a further reason tor covering at pres
ent f.iruren. In view of the European condition
It was believed that the export demand Is al
most certain to Improve. Primary receipts for
I yesterday and to-davt showed a decrease of
3 r** OCO "under last year. he visible, it was
calculated, nas reached the end of the period
i which has shown almost without variation
Inrreases deprejylnir to the price and a further
decrease was predicted for this week. With
thts array of hacking, the market advanced
!-.• iidlly. becoming falrlv active toward the
close. The final price for Ma- was C3HB69*«c,
a pain of He over yesterday.
Corn was strong. Wheat was an Influence.
nrror'.- despite the good weather for move
ment, were small. May closed -..o over yester
day at 3:^22^0.
Oats were firm, held up by corn and small
' offerings. Speculation was practically without
1 feature. May closed He higher at 2W724M,c.
Provisions were active nnd emphatically
I Hiring. Trade showed a decided broadening.
There was a persistent demand and little In
clination on the part of packers to Mil. Th*
hog supply «ai not up to requirements, and
shorts covered at considerable loss. May pork
closed JOe higher. May lard ' Vi up and May
ribs 10' better.
The lending futures ranged as follows:
i Articles. Open. High. Low. Clos.
Wheat No. 2—
December f=<S <"»">H MH 654
May C9K Cs»i 63 69»i
Corn No. — 1
December ..'. 29% :<>'4 " 29S I" 1 .!
January 304 Sni^ 3-' 30>i
May U% B% 22'» S2\,
Oats No. 2—
December «>; 124 ?2>4 BU
May 23 : » 24V4 23*4 2414
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December S ."« * 50 8 80 8 60
January .» ES • C 5 II 9 «5
May 9 72V4 911 970 983
Lard, per 100 lbs —
December .... — 6 06
January 52: 559 "■ 224 630
j i!aj% I 424 . 5 r.O 6 424 150
' Short Klbs. per. 100 lbs—
December B CS ... 05 B or.
I January ' 074 r, IS 5 074 sis
May 6 22,* CSO B 224 830
Cash quotation* were as follows:
Flour, easy; No. 2 Spring Wheat, Ri£<r<34ci
No. 2 red. W 1 j /5 N7Vic; No. 2 Corn. 30li<£304c:
No. 2 Oats. 22\ifi23c: No. 2 White, 2.".^0; No 3
White. 24V.f»2c.'ic: No. 2 Kye. Me; No. 2 I?ar
ley, 37U?!44c: No. 1 Flaxseed. Jl 39; Prime Tim
, othy Seed. $2 4St?r DO; Mess Pork, per bbl. $8 10^
f>7r.; Lard. |-er 1M lbs, $1 9CSS !5: Short-Rib
•■Ides, looso. J4 9S^is 25r Pry Palled Shoulders,
boxed. B*£QSs&Oi Short Clear sides, boxed. Jd ir.ij.
5 3.*: Whicky. distillers" finished goods, per gal
lon. Jl E .. ;
Articles— Hecelpta Shipments.
Flour, bbla 23. nr.fl 22 WV)
Wheat bu "126.WX) 7 000
Corn, bu JiH.OOO Elo!o00
Oats, bn ..350.000 173 000
Hye. »■•) . .t. 2.000 3.000
, B*rl-y. bu 108. (XV) 21.0P0
; On. the. Produce. Exchange to-day the nutter
j market was strong; creameries, 16026 - dalrr
; ' 6 '£~ r - q^** 88 * 1 Bleai3 y. lHt©l2Hc Egg's, firm;
fresh.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening "o*4 6 0 & 91;
Closing 6 fl>» 59 59^
PARIS.
Wheat— Dee. Mar -June.
Opening '. 17 30 IS v.
Closln* 17 M IS 85
Flour —
Oponln* 23 «0 54 CO
Closing 13 TO 2170
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.-CATTLE-Market steady ;
I butchers' stock and canners firm; bulls and
calves strong. Good to choice. $5 60®7 40; poor
to medium. «4 4(vj/ ! ; 25: mixed stockers. J3tf
3 75; selects feeder* $4 20£»4 CO: good to choice
cows. $3 6.V<i4 85; heifers $3©5; cannere. $1 liCJ
'. bulls. $2 £o^4 25; calves. Si®~ 35: fed Texas
beeves. $4 25&5 21; grass Texas steers, $3 2Vit
4 £0.
HOGS— Steady to Be higher: closed firm; good
clearances. Good mixed and butchers'. S3 85<9
* 11-.I 1 - . good to choice heavy. $3 &oif4 10; routh
heavy. $3 SOfj-3 "•-,; light. "$3 h<Virs 60; bulk of
sales. $3 80-3? 06.
SHEEP and lambs opened steady, closing
easier. ! Native wethers. 13 8*94 55; lambs. $4J|
6 60; Western wethers. $t©4 60; Western lambs.
$'■-.■: *'•
Receipts— Cattle RfOO; hogs, SJ.OOO; sheep, 15.
noo.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Dec. 5— Prices* advanced In the
wr>cl market here this week and the demand
has held out well. The lively Interest In Ter
ritorial wools Continues and prices are easily
Itj2c higher for scoured parcels. Fine medium
and fine scoured call for O'tc and scoured and
choice lines will even do better, while staple
wools are on the basis of 70c. Flee wools are
qut*t. but the market Is quoted lc higher In
sympathy with t!;.- general market. Australian
wools are ncarce and prices ire nominal. Quo
tations:
Unwashed medium. Missouri quarter blood
combing. ?.'rjl'6c: braid combing, 22<J23c: lake
and Georgia. 24ft Kc.
Territory woof _Montana and Dakota fine
medium and fine. .:■.■. scoured. 59<g6:r:
staule. CSS7Oc. Utah and Wyoming fine me
dium and fine. lS &21c: scoured. i«0c; staple.
MfffiSc. Idaho medium and fine. lS©2lc; scoured.
MfTGOct
Australian— Scoured basis, spot prices. comb-
Ing superfine. SS3*oc: good. £CffS7c; average,
85c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 13.050 bales were offered. A large quan
tity of creasy merinos sold readily at the high
est level, a quantity showing 13-32 d advance
from the opening rates. Scoured was taken by
the home and Continental buyers. New clip
8 lltfe Australia was purchased principally for
French account. Fine lambs realized 10 per
cent and Inferior stock 15 per cent advance.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Dec. s.— Exchanges, $2«?.457;
balances. $33,444.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND. Or. Dec. s.— ln Portland there
was no change of Importance In the wheat
market to-day. Very little wheat Is selling.
Exporters are unable to pay the prices de
iranded except for occasional small lots which
they pick up at 60051 C for Walla Walla and
about the *ame licure for valley. The mill*
are said to be purchasing at Interior points fur
delivery next spring at about a cent or two
above these figures.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. -WHEAT—
CO^c; blue stem. 52c.
Foreign Markets.
I>TiN-nON. IVc. s— Consols. 1024; silver. 17
3-l6d; French rentes, MM TOe; wheat pargoes oft
CMat, buyer? Inilfferent operators: cargoes on
passage, nominal, unchanged; English country
m.-u-keto, dull.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. S -WHEAT-DulI; wheat
In Paris, steady; flour in Paris, firm: French
•■• markets, dull; weather In England,
rainy.
: ■ >N-rrl&nds. 4 11-32 d.
CLOBINQ
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
pteady. is 7>»il; No. 1 Northern cprlng, firm.
f>» l'>4d. Futures, quiet: December, 6s 6\d'
March. Es M; May. I •>'w\
CORN — Sp-^t American mixed November firm
3s 4 T ,d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 *2
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 v;
Sterling Cables — 4 f=TU
New York Exchange, sight — 7Vj
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Mexican dollar* — 4SV»
Fine Silver, per ounce — C 3
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT KP.F.I' HITS— Are steady on the
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady on the Fpot
at about 3<>r 3d. usual options, with but little
business. The chartered wheat fleet In port
ha* a registered tonnage of 37.100, against 21,700
tons on the same date last year; disengaged,
3700 tons, against NO; on the way to this
port, 119.900 tons, arainst 13*. 200.
WHEAT Pythomcna takes for Hull 6731
rrls. value.l at J7020. and the Silberburn for
Cork 90M ctls. at 35900.
The market Is decidedly firmer. In sympathy
with Chicago, and futures advanced under
more active trading Spot prices were stiff,
but no higher.
All condition! at Chicago were In favor of a,
bettor market. Liverpool was V,4 higher. The
condition of winter, wheat In Ohio was re- ;
ported at t>o i>er cent against 100 per cent a ■
| year ago. ing to damage b" fly pest, Ex
| ji<>rter« were Rood buyers at New York. Pri
mary receipts wore 665,000 bushels, against
2.21*1.000 on the same date last year. The free
purchase! of leaders looked like higher prices.
Trading was somewhat checked by calls, but
the pentlment was strong.
Rpot Wheat— Shipping. 96'.i097ttc: milling.
9S*«cQ*l "IV i
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal pension— 9:15 o'clock— May— l6.ooo |
ctlp. Jl 06%: 6000. II 06>i.
Second session— May— ls.ooo ctls. $1 07". 4 .
Regular morning session— May— ctl*.
$1 07H: -•• . II 07U; 12.000, $1 07%: 6000. I! <>7',;
20.000. Jl 07; R2.(ibn. JIO7U: December—
J»8'io; December, 1900—2000, II 10; 2000. II 1O'«
1 Afternoon session— May— lo.ooo ctls. $1 o~'i,;
12000. Jl 06 1 *; 4000. |1 C6H: December. 1W— 2500.
I ji io*;.
I nARLEV— The Pythomene took for Hull &9,- j
M! ctls, valued at 159.341. nnd the SUberhorn, ,
for Cork. 54.603 ctls, at 151.900.
The market continues flat and unchanged.
Offering* are ample for all needs.
Feed ROc for No. 1 and 60<&75c for oft grades;
Brewing and shipping grades, Ss@9oc; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
j Second Session— December — iOOO ctls, 83c. May
I -20(0. 79Nc.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Pullnr.-s still characterizes the mar- •
i ket and offerings are liberal.
White. JllifilSO; Red. II 07'siTl JO; Gray.
I |107',ftl 17Ms; Black. 97Hc«|l 07Vj. ■■....
CORN— There Is nothing going on worthy of ,
note. Eastern White Is quoted -at Jl@l 05 per
ctl. All other kinds are nominal.
RYE— Is In fair demand and steady at Jl@ ,
! 1 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted nt |1 90^S 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Beyond a change In Split Peas and Rolled
Oats there Is nothing new under this head. '
Flour has remained stationary for a long time.
FLOUR— California family extra*. 13 6003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, 13 40&3 50; Oregon
and Washington, 13 4<Vg3 £0 per bbl for extra, I
J3 2.V&3 40 for bakers' and 12 25@3 for superfine. '
ICUjLBTUFFB— Prices In sacks are as fol- j
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. !3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75; Rye
Meal, J2SO; Rice Flour. J7: Cornmeal, 12 00;
extra Cream Cornmeal, V 25; Oatmeal, $4 23;
Oat Groats, 14 Mi; Hominy, J3 25&3 50: Buck
wheat Flour, IHHK; Cracked wheat, 13 75;
' Farina, $4 &0; Whole Wheat Flour. 13 00: Rolled
■ Oats 1 barrels). $6*87 25; in sacks, J5 75J/7;
l'earl Barley, $5; Split Peas, JO, Green Pea*. ,
; $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The depression In Hay continue! and close
buyers can obtain concessions from the quota- '
tions. Feedstuff* Bhow no further change.
BRAN Jl4«il!i per ton. I
MIDDLINGS— JI7QIS 50 per ton. !
rKEDBTI'KFS Rolled Barley. Jl6 50017 50 I
I per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill J26627; Job- '
bing. J27 &"li2S: Cocoanut Cake. {20621:-Corn
meal. |23 s<>'.i .".■•; Cracked Corn. 124^25; Mixed
Feed, $16 >«rj 17. Cottonseed Meal, J2B per ton.
JI Wheat. 17 ;.<Ui* Tor common to good and
1 19 j>j for choice; Wheat and Oat. I 7&9; Oat.
}6iu2B: Barley. J566 50; Alfalfa, JOGS per ton;
Compressed J7'ult> per ton.
STRAW— 3SQ SOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
I'.f-anp continue quiet, but they generally are
M this Mm* of the year. They are firmly held,
however. Seeds remain about the same.
REANS-Bayoa. « 2503 50; »mall White. $2 10
CrZ; large White. |ltf#tSt; Pinks. 12 65©2 75;
Reds. tt7SO«; Blaokeye. $4 50-4 75; Butter*
nominal; Lima, $4 906 S: Pea. $3^3 25; lied Kid
ney*, $3 CO per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard. 3®34c: Yellow Mus
tard, 4Q4U C ; Flax, %Z 124: Canary. 34c per lb
for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7©
8e: Rape. 2>s^Jc; Hemp. 4fr44c: Timothy.
4'<:4V
DRIED PEAS— *1 X©l M; Green, $1 76
Cl 65 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
These market* are quiet, v usual at this
time of the year, and quotations show no
changes worthy <>f note.
P< >TATOKS-River Keds. «o<ff'w<': Burbanks.
•i; Sulinas Burbar.k>, Jl ■> 1 !
icri Barbanks, 50c#fl 10. Bweei i
Be foi Rivera ;.n.: Si'oi U for Merced.
ONIONS— 7Sc&SI per ctl. 
VEGETABLES— Oreen Peas. iSSc per '•'•
String Beans. *fiSc: Cabbage. 4<KTSOc; Tomatoes.
10«j50c; Los Angeles Tomatoes. Tic; Eg I lant
from I,os Angeles. — : ; Dried Ota tt%C per
lb; Garlic. "':*' ; Oreen Peppers from I»s An
reles. 3'ttTtu Dried Peppers. StflOc; Carrots, soft
40c per sack; Cucumbers. —'. Lo» AnK«-u-s
Bummer Squash, jO®7> per box: Marrowfat
Squash, $12315 per ton: Mushrooms. 10@1jc
per Ilk
Poultry and Game.
■ ,r.v tower, owing '1 the llb
• . - pplles uf BaMcn in i 1i 1 -
Game sells off fairly at the quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. llf»13c for Gob
blers and ll<f?l3c for Hem: Dressed Turkeys.
16iflSc; Geese, per pair, $1 71Q2: Goslings, Jl 75
Q2; Ducks. $3 501/4 50 for old ami H CO'Uj 50 for
young; Hem $3 50®4 f.O; Young Roosters. $3-0
Ki4; Old Roosters. $3 5054.' Fryers. $3 j>f?4:
HroIUTH. $3 ■-'"•'i4 for large and $3fi3 60 for small;
Pigeons. $1 per dozen for old an.l $1 Ts©3 for
Squabs. . _
GAMB-Quall. $2: Mallard $538: Canvas
back J54?6; SprlK. 13©: 50; T«l, Uit2 X); Wid
geon. Jl .' '■'ll-: Small Duck. $1 50: Doves, 73r' ( r
$1 per dozen; Hsu $1 25*il 50: Rabbit*. $1 >•>:
Cray Gevse. J.T t Tt £0: White. $K<jl.%): Brant.
JI7S(S;. r .O: Honker>. -: EnKllsh Snipe. $: / 32 21
per dozen; Jack Snipe. 51 :.'iil 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The medium grades of Butter are easier, but
fancy grades remain unchanged. The market is
imply supplied with all description*. Cheese
It quiet and unchanged.
Egps continue to decline. Buyers are holding
off. expecting lower prices, and sellers are mak
ing concessions.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 25326 c; seconds.
21 1 :4c. -'
Dairy— Fancy. z2%c; good to choice. 21822 c;
common. 20c.
Pickled roll. 21«22Vic; firkin. 20g21c: creamery
tub. 22©24 c.
Eastern— l73lßc for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12£12Vic: Old.
11,-; Young America. 12%«13c; Eastern. UVi®
16c: Western. 13UQ15c per lb.
EGGS Quoted at 25<fn<>c for common and 374
040 c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age. ISfilSc for firsts and 15c for seconds ; fresh.
":"Ul'3c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue to tend downward, the mar
ket being well suppled and quiet. Lemons and
Limes are unchanged.
Apples are still lower, though a. fancy Splts
enberg would bring II 50 If there were any
coming In. Very few Pear* are seen now.
Grapes are badly neglected. Supplies of Per
simmons are Uric*, and the demand Is slow.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples— SOtfiGje |>er box for common. TJcTTJI
for food and UK for choice; Lady Apples.
SI 75"ij2 25 \>fr box.
BERRIES Strawberries. per chest for
email and f2.Wii3 50 for large berries; Raspber
ries. per chest; Blackb«rri ; Cape Cod
Cranberries. fifty. Cocs Hay Cranberries. Ji JO
fj 1 75 per box.
Pf-rslnimr.ns. 3."fjCoc per box.
Grape*, 2.Vrfsoc per box; orates. IStJTSc.
Winter Pears. s"cir Jl 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 5032 50
per box: Seedlings, llfil 75: Japanese Manda
rins. !' 50<fTl 75; Pnmelns. $lf£2; lemons. Jl@
ISO for common -.1 12^/3 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Lime*. $4fi4 BO; Bananas. $1 50^3 per
bunch; Pineapples, JUT- M per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
All fiults are dull and more or less weak, aa
usual at the rl,->j»e of the year, th >uch ;
are the only kind to nhow a decline.
Almonds and Walnuts continue depressed and
are now very dull. There are more sellers than
buyers.
Hcn»y Is firm and In rood demand.
DRIBD FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4>4c for
40-M's. 4Q4Vic for 50-We. 3Vjc for 60-70's. 3>ie
for 70-80' s. Ie for SO-50'8 an 2=;c for &0-100's.
Apricots, U#Ue for Royals, 1249160 for. Moor
parks and 12/jHc for Blenheims; Peaches. 5@
l%c for Standards. tQt\bfi for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, 12HQUc; Evaporated
Apples, 7e7\e; Sun-dried. CJfOUc per 1b: Nec
tarines, S>-a!«c per 1b for red: Pears. C--'<Hc for
quarters and *:'."<■ for halvt-s; Black Figs, 30
3hc; White Figs. 4©« c; Bleached Plums. 8S0c;
t'nbleacheil Plums, T'irT'iO for pitted and lSc
for unfitted.
RAISINS Bleached Thompson's— per
Ib, :-■. choice, '•■■; standard, Sc; prime. Co: un-
Weachcd Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per Ib. Sic; choice. 7i jO; standard. 64c,
prime, sc: unbleached -Sultanas. sc; SeedW-.ia,
50-lb boxe*. 6c: ?-crown lot M Muscatel*. 5Uc;
thrown, 6V«e; 4-crown, Je; London Layeis,
I-crown. $1 60 per box: thrown, si CO. Fancy-
Clusters. »2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, ?Sl2Hc: Walnuts. UMe
for standard* and Kflfa -for softshell; Al
monds. ll'^eiSc for paper-shell. 9tfloc for soft
an.l 4'9'sc for hardshell; Peanut*. S^i^G^c for
Eastern and ."■■ for California; Brazil Nuts.
7H@Sc; Filberts. llVit*l2c; Pecans, lOfrllc;
Cocoanuts, $4 COfyS.
HONEY— Comb. ItHVUe for bright and IMO
He for light amber: water white extracted ?■-.
•si 1 -.-, light amber extracted, 6*;S7c; dark, i'-C
per lb.
BEESWAX-24®?6c per lb.
Provisions.
Private wires from Chicago yesterday re
ported speculation again golnjc Into Provisions,
and on a good b&sls, and the Ribs were looking
better on reactions.
The local market Is quiet and unchanged.
Hams are weak and Bacon la firm.
CURED MKATS — Bacon, '' 4 - per lb for
heavy. sue for light medium. !" ■ for light
12>^c for extra licht and 13.- for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cure<l Hams. 12Uc; California
Hams, nominal: Mess Beef, 112 per bbl; extra
Mesa. 113: Fan.ily. 114: extra Prime Pork. Jl4 50;
extra clear. 117 10; Mess, Jl6 50; Smoked Beef.
14«14'4c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6V4c per lb for
compound an.d 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure
7%c: 10-lb tins. Se: r,-lb tins. &Uc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7','<j7\c per lb
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool continues In brisk demand and stocks
are small. Prices for several descriptions arr
higher. Hides are also firm and bring full
figures without difficulty. Tallow continues
easy.
Hops are lower again and hard to sell. The
crops are reported large all over the world
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers,
UUc; medium, lOVac; light. 10c; Cowhides 1O«
10>»c; Stag*, ie: Baited Kip. 10c; Calf 10c-
Dry Hides, sound, I'litrlSc; culls and brands
14c; Dry Kip and Veal, l«c; Dry t'alf, lS'q)
I* . Sheepskins, yearlings, 20ig35c each; short
Wool, 3if/60c each; medium, 7O^j'JUr; long Wool
11-'il 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, C 60 for larce
and Jieri 50 for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No. 2
4Sic; refined, 6 1 -c: grease, 2".<*
WOOL—
Fall clip, San Joaquin plains. O'^lOi-- South
ern. 1910 c; Middle County, 11-313 c; Humboldt
and Mendoclno. WSX'c; Eustern Oregon. Kfi'lac*
Valley Oregon. 17i?jlSc: Northern Mountain.'
free, Uiai4o; Northern Mountain, defective. lu«i
lie i>er lb.
HOPS— €Q?c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The situation remains aa before. Small Hops
are prarce and large plentiful. Prices show no
further change. B-ef. Mutton and Veal remain
about as previously quoted.
BEEF TjT'-c per lb for 6teer» and 6>*£7o
for Cows.
VF»AL— eer lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; ewes. J4c per lb
LAMB *O*%C i«er lh.
PORK— Live Hogs. HjMU for small. 6H®
."•\c for medium and £/<;;v c for large; stock
Hogs and feeders, ."'...■; area • '. Hogs, 7J?S4e.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7®7*ic: Wool
Bam, 28Jf3Oc; Fruit Basrs. Gc. 6Uc and 6*ic for
the three trades of white and 7' 5 c for bleached
Jut«.
BALE ROPE— Manila. tfliQUe per lb.
COAL— Wellington. *S per ton; New Welling
ton. JS; Southfl«ld Wellington, 17 "■>; Seattle, »7;
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. »i; Wallsend. $S; Scotch!
; Cumberland, $3 75 In bulk and $11 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. jn. Can
nel. $9 it per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Hate, ill 23; Coke. »11 per ton In bulk and 115
In sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, Jlfcl 50;'As
iiMtaKu.--. — ; Tomatoes, 75c.
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, s: 4^3 f o r
black and white; Peachy- }l 65^1 9o- Pears
51 >'• i i ■■'. Apricots. »1 25'»1 79; Plum*. Ji 2),j
. 4
OOFFBE Co«ta Rica — ISVb@l6c for prime
washed; 11©12VjC for good wushed; HHfllic for
Kood to prime washed pt-at>erry; a'i(/ilc for
... .j to prime peahen uftU'c for* good to
prime; Sfi9 l ie nominal for good current mix.-. I
with black beans: y>is" h i: for fair; ..,.; c for
common to ..r<iir.ar> Salvador— S^jllUc for gooj ■
to prime washed; 7*;i/Sftc for fair washed; 9>i'u)
114 c for prime to good washed i>gcberry; 7Vy;
|%< for good to prime semi-washed; 7 s i'2s t ic
(or superior unwaehed; 74c for good green un,
, washed; B"i^9 l ;c for good to prime unwuxhed
pe«berr> : .' <m',\. for common to ordinary. Nic
aragua— 14R164c for prime to fancy washed- su
lie for fair to good washed; "Vi©7»«c nominal
for good to superior unwashed; S*ifcyvic nomi
nal for good to prime unwaah< pcaberry
Guatemala and Mexican— l26ls4c for prime to
laiuy washed; I#Ul for good to strictly eood
washed: ««?s'»r for fair washed; 7W7*ic for me
dium: 4{rW«c for Inferior to ordinary; 10*11' .■
for Rood to prime washed p»«aherry; X*iftVic fur
good to prime unwashed peaberry ;'7Vitißi»c for
Rood to superior unwashed.
LF.ATHER-Sole. heavy. 2S(JSOc per lb Sole
Leather, medium, 26827 c; Sole Leather, light. 28
'327 c: R^ugh Leather, heavy. 27©We; Rough
I>'ither. light . eae Leather, heavy,
II ir
■ athcr. llßht. I»f/ -r. li'-*
■
•
• :;• It Kni:.- Bplll
• lb.
I 11.
r'ure. $1 1». Lin I Oil, In barreln, bolli
: i (11, extra winter
Not, NoOe per gallon; pur
< mi. baj •
■
.
PKTH
■> • ■ In i ilk
■ ■
■
In bulk
CANDLES— Electric Llrlh Candle*— Sixes. 1«
oz. ;o sett>. tie p«*r *ft; nix"*)". 14 oz, ~zn n^t^. ioc;
slx"s. 12 or. 20 let*; 9r: six* I*.1 *. 10 o«. 2u S^c;
twelves, 12 oz, 4'» mis. hotel. 'J\r. (Sranlt-*
Mlnlnj; Candle*— Slxpr. IS oz. 40 m*. ll'i<- per
set: slxe?. 10 oz. 20 prts. H%e: .«txt^. 14 oz. 40
«et». 10'ic; »lxi-». II oz. 20 set-. IWic: slxe?". 12
oz. 29 rets, li'ic: ... 10 uz. 20 «»-t<«. 9cj
twelves. !2 oz. 40 sets, hotel. 10 l«c.l «c. irafDtM
Wax Can. lies. White— Ones. 14 oz. 2." gets. H'Jr
per set: twos. 14 oz. 23 pet*, ll'ic: fotim. 14 oz.
18 wta, 12!4e; sixes. 14 oz. 20 «<>ts. I2';c: twelves,
14 <■/.. 16 tet«. ll^c; Colored. 1«" higher.
WHITE LKAD-guoied at SHfif7!4c; P.ed
Lejid tin.! I.ith.-irre. iWi'^r ]-<r ll>.
TURPENTINE— In raw. 73c; In Iron barrels.
CSr; In wooden barre!<i. 7"<\
LUCOI^-Bolled. barrels. ICe; raw. barrels,
54c: cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI per Brisk for local use
and l\iln~, for export.
SL*GAK— The Western Fuirar Refining Com
pany Quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and fine Crushed. T^c: Pow
dered. 5Hc; Candy Granulated. sc; Dry Granu
lated. 4V: ronfectlcneiV A. 4 T 4c: California A.
; Magnolia a, 4Hc; Extra C. 4Sc: Gilden
C 4'« c: barrels, l-16c more: half-barrels. >-ie
more: boxes, i^c more: '•0-!b bag*. '»<? more.
No order taken for leea than "' barrels or it«
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrel*. flic;
boxes. S?ic per 1b
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prlc«t are as follows: Pine,
ordinary ■!«•. JIC-717: extra »lze«, higher;
Redwood, 1175/1S for No 1 and $13gl« for No. 2;
I-ath. 4 feet. $2 20£2 30: Plck»:». $1S: ShlnnMi.
$1 78 for common and 13 75 for fancy; Shakes.
$11 for apllt and $12 for sawn; Rustic, }21t(27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 5.
Flour, qr aka.... 9.C26 Suitar. bbls IK;
Wheat, ctls 240'Chlccry. bbl* 30
Barley, ctls 2.690 Quicksilver, flsks IS
Oat«. ctls sy Leather, rolls 1 74
Corn, East, ctls. M Wine, gals M.2<v)
Corn, ctln ..... SCO '. Brandy, gals !>.?HO
Tnllow. ctli> 220 Ekes, doz t.rw
Cheeke. ctls 11 Rnlslns. bxi £00
Butter, ctll 172, Hides. No 621
Beans, sks f*. Pelts. bdU 361
Potatoes, sks 2.".7 Wool, bara 4 •
Middlings, sks... 14". Hops, bales 131
Bran, ifca Sis Straw, tons M
Onions, cks 3<">> Hay, tons ..139
SiiKar, s-iv- CO
OREGON.
Wheat. ctl» 17.640'8ran. sk« I «01
Oats, ctls 6, 170 Middlings, sks... 430
♦
THE STOCK MARKET.
Securities were dull all day and the feeling
was weak. Spring Valley Water declined to
S.'.*. Contra Costa Water to 173 ana Hanokaa
Plantation to $32 50.
The oil stock* were also quiet, and quota
tions showed little fluctuation.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Dec. 6-2 p. m.
Bid. Able Bld.A'k.
L" 8 Bond*— j Eqult G L Co. 6*i SH
4s quar cup.. — — (Mutual El Co. — 154
4s qjar r-g._... — — (• •; I. .v H.... 43 45
4b quar new... — — I'ac ' la» Imp.. — 67
S» quar c0up. ..1034 — • Pac Light Co. 404 —
Miscellaneous— SFCi E H IS
Cal-st Cab ts..HT»i — j Ban Francisco. 34 —
C C Wat os ...iu» - 1 Stockton Oa*.. 12 _
KJ I. .; 1' ta.UI — I Insurance—
F& Cl Hy «s.llS - iFirem's Fund.2224 —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Hank Stock*—
HC & S pa.ua — Anslo-Cal «5 —
LARy &s — 10« Bank of Ca1... 450 405
L A LCo 65.. W — C»l 8D £ T.. — S3
Do gntd 6b.. 99 — First Nation!.. SSl 2.41
Do gntd 6*.. — 101 lion P i A... 131 1324
LA* P R :5.104 - Merchnts' Ex. — 16
Market-st c*...125%; — Nev Nat 8k...1D0 —
Do Ist M r>i.i;«ViT>; Savings Banks—
'A' CNO It 75.112 — 'Ger X & L....1749 —
N Rof Cal 6a.lH — Hum > A t....1/.<> 1164
N Rof Cal f,*.113U114u; Mut Say 8k... 33 45
NVC II R 65. 101' — II Say V... 500 —
NI*CIt It 65.1C8 — S.v A- L So.. — SO
N Cal R R SsKiO — t^ec Say 8k... — 119
<> •: I. &. II 55.107V4 — Union T Co. ..MM 1440
Oak Tran ••.. — 113 Street Railroads-
Oak WCo fis..lOß — California 119 125
Ocean B S 55..103 t i1'.0 c;eary sft —
Om C Ry 65...i:«'<,12S Mirk-t-«t ..... 82H —
P&CI Ry 65..1U-» — LOak H L&H. — 50
Ik *<> l(y M.115 — U'l-M.hu — 34
Powell-st R «s — 12: Powder—
Sac i:. O &R5« - — California IS3 —
SF&. N P 55.115 — E Dynamite -5 —
PF & SJV 55. 1154 — Giant Con Co. V>% 94
SRy of Cal 6S.lo*'* — Vlßorit ... 3'% 3H
SPof A 65. ...113 113%; Furor—
B P C 65(1905>. — ...» P C 0.... 8* 9%
Sl> C 6a(19<J6).1U — I Haw C&SCo 90 —
8 }' C 65(1012).113Vi — iHonokaa S Co. 13% 33\i
SPCIa eg s*. — — ' Hutch S P Co. MS 27U
8 I 1I 1 Br 6s ....123^ — Kllaucji 8 Co.. - —
8 V Wat 1a.... — — Makawell SCo 444 —
8 V Wat 45....102 T i — Onomoa S Co. 33", 344
B V W4s<3dm).louSlol Paauhau 8 Co. 314 23.;
Stkton Gas 6s. — — M Merita neous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack A*sn.ll7Um
Contra Costa.. 75 75' i M«?r Ex'Asan.. — t:»
Marln Cnuntjf.. 50 — [Oceanic S Co.. 934 95
Spring Valley. 94»i 93U I I'ac A.F A.... 14 —
*}ai« and Electric— : Par C Bor Co. 140 —
f>nt '".a!* C 0... — — j Par Paint Co.. 14 —
Cent i. & P... 1 * « I
Morning Session.
Board-
IB Contra Costa Water 75 15
35 Contra Costa Water 75 00
50 Honokaa Suicar Co 3.1 00
10 Hutrhlnson S P Co 27 03
W> Hutcbii B P Co 25 574
120 Market Street Railway 62 I".
Jio.ooo Market Street Ry con 5s 117 M
20 S F Gai & Electric Co 55 00
3.*. S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 5.' 00
3.'. Spring Valley Water 95 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
73 Contra Costa Water 75 CO
10 Hawaiian Com'] & Sugar 90 00 • !
ITS Honokaa SCo 32 73 !
2.1 Honokaa B Co 32 CO
Z0 Market Street Hallway 62 S3
100 Onomea Sugar Co 34 C>
M Pacific Coaet Borax. s 10 142 SO
SO Spring Valley Water x, 00
$4'"> flo Spring Valley Water 4s (Id mortgKlOft CO
J.VKO Spring Valley 4« <2d mortg). » 30... CO
%Z>»<o Spring Valley 4h (2J mortg), a 10.. .103 CO
JIOCO Spring Valley Cs IIU JO I
Street—
60 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 90 CO :
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Contra Coeta Water 75 7J
200 Kaultable 'iaj 5 75
10 Central Light & Power (25
10 Central Light & Power (I 50
10 Central Ltcht & Power 8 75
25 Oakland Gas 43 25
H> Paauhau Sugar Co SI 87<4
:.t' Onomea Sugar Co 31 ;:.
20 S F Has &. Electric Co 54 »74
20 S F Gas & Electric ;,» 7S
Afternoon Sesn
Hoard—
25 Central Light * Power 8 50
30 Contra Costa Water. 75 00
200 Equitable Gns I t,2>~
20 Oaklaml Oh ..." 43 50
100 Hutchlnson Sugar ... ..*...... 27 00
]."> I'H.iuhau Sugar Co 32 00
30 8 X Caa & Electric 54 75
20 S F Gas & Electrjc M S7V4
IS rim Valley Water 93 00
10 ring Valley Water 95 12' i
100 Vlgorlt Powder, 3 374
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— • ■ -
200 Tidal Wave ." 2 15
525 Barker Kanch ..: l 15
!») Century Oil Co SO
200 Armconda 1 10
100 Anaconda 115
K-0 Yukon 2 15
100 Yukon 2 20
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Shamrock 3 00
PRODUCERS- OIL EXCHANGE.
Moraine Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose 30 00
1000 minion 40
One-tenth Home Oil at 73900 per share
Afternoon Session.
.-■l—
1000 Dominion « 8
200 San Luis 5 50
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the rales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 48 if." Mexican ... re
200 Best & Belcher 4S ICO Mexican . " 57
100 Caledonia .. 60 V<Q Ofthlr ""l or.
700 Con « - ai & Va..2 10 400 Sierra Nevada 5a
SSO Con Cal & Va..2 15 *' "
Afternoon Seniilon.
4M> Belcher 32 200 Justice .... m
ico Best 1 Belcher 40j t(V) Ophlr .. 1 ,
2T-0 Con Cal & Va..2 15 >-i 0 Sierra Nevada ia
250 Con Cal & Va..2 10 l«0 .Sierra Nevada* ss
WH) Crown Point... 23! 2«jo I;'nlon Con a?
t CuO Gould &. Curry. li: -j.u Yellow Jacket' IS
AUCTION SALES •»
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
fe» AT
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET. r7
SIXTH STREET.
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY. December 8. at 11 O*«!oek.
We will sell a let of cheap horse* and rcaV*«
used by a retiring contracting firm; nil c ,-,j
workers: also 1J hrad of A No. 1 youmc h,jr»o»
from the country.
SULLIVAN- ft DOYLE
Live Stock AU>-tlnn»*r.
The foljotvinic wer<> the sales in th>» Paciftc
Slock Exchange >>Mterda> :^
Morning s. *\<u,
I."i>o P.elche'r 31 IGtX) c'mwn Point... H
C"0 H*lch*r H'> KM Hale Jt N0r.... it
200 Best & Belcher 47>- 7«0 Mexican M
C(i» |!«-!4t ft Btli-h-r -JV 2P»> Ophlr I ..-,
l*«y UuJllon «<t| 2f<> Ojhlr 1 a-i
£OO llulllnn •'.'» KOdphlr ...11l
Wi Con Cal A Va.. 2 «/.'., *«) Sl-rra N>vad.i. -,;
U» Cm Cal * Va..; in: >n> Sierra Nevada. !
14«0 Con Cal ft Va..: tt 10" Skrra Nevada. •
7iO Con CalAVa..: 17..; 3t*> I'nlon Coa H
130 Con Cal&Va.~.3 liV
Afternoon Session.
Lii) And*** 13 too Crown Point...
f^<o An.te* II »0 Hal* 4. N0r.... «]
4<m Melrher 31 :ro Mexican »
SiiO Belcher 22 4*t Mrxloan
r«» l^-et Jk Belcher 4S, 2U> Ophlr I h
1W Caledonia SO Jdo Oph;r If,
200 Caledonia SI 3M Ophlr 1?;
200 Con Cal A Va..2 IS £00 Ophlr 1 .
COO Con Cal*Va..2 «:>-» Z<>o Sierra Nevada.
700 Con t'.i'.t. Vii ; 07'j' 4>'/O Sl*rra Ne\ailj
4O> Con Cal St Va..l 05 7W) I'nlon* Con
i'.'j Con Cal A Va..2 CC. !••■■■ Yellow Jacket. .)
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUEfiDAT. Dec. 5-4 p m.
Bid Ask Ft!.: v
Alpha 14 06 Kentuck — :
Alt* 06 C 7 Lady Waah.... —
And** 14 13 Mexican 5: |
Belcher 30 J2 OccMentftl 17
Ueit & Belcher 4« 47 Ophlr ! C>l 1
Bullion >'■ i-i •>\ :-.an It
Caledonia «1 — Potost V
< hollar ZZ 24 Savaxe ... . 17
Challenge Con. 23 ST. Scorpion 02
Confidence R4 85 Pc« Belcher.... f 1 " .
Con Cul A Va. -w) 2 t's Sierra Nevada. 87 .')
<:on Ir.u-.-i.. 1 . «I C 2 Silver Hill C:> -
Crown Point... 22 Z3I Bt 1.. ■<:- — i
Exchequer — Ci. Standard :75
Gould & Cany. 17 19 1 Syndicate -
Hale & N0r.... 23 40 I'nlon Con 57 *
Julia -• (J Utah -* N
Justice C 3lv YeHnw Jacket. 17 11
Notice to Manners.
NOONDAY ROCK. CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby Ri\*n that a new bell buiy.
red and black horizontal striae*, marked
'•Noonday Ilock" In white, has been ; 1 • 1
in I be old location to mark Noonday Itock. oft
San Francisco liar. California.
The • •'.•! buoy li -till adrift, .in ! wa* lait re
ported on the evening; of Dei-ember J. In lati
tude .:•-• degrees I.' minute* north, and 1 n< • . !«
124 dexrers 3J minutes west, or about forty-tw.>
miles: \v»-". one-quarter north from Point Areo%
lighthouse.
This iir.tl'-e affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Paclrtc Cuast. 1S?I." page 17.
By order of the Llshthouse Board.
V. SEBREE.
Commands. U. S. N.. Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. 8. X.. Mer
chant*' Exchange. San . Francisco. Cal..
December 5. ISOO.
The time ball on the tower if the new Ferry
building wai dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. 5. X.. '• charge.
Sim, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Oeodetle Surrey—
Tlm»» and Height* of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published, by official an«
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low water* occur at
the city front < Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute* later than at Fort Point 3
the height of tide I* the tame at both places.
« X! -. -I»AT. DECEMBER «.
Sun rites 7 IS
Sun set* 4:50
Moon sets 1.54 p. m.
5 ITlme Tlmel Time ITira*.
E. Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft.
? II w II Wj II m i. m
5 ... 2:00 4.9 «:2« J.I 12:^1 — 4.9 T:3O« — 1.»
• ... 5 « 6.1 7:*) 3.0 117 5 7 »:13!-O.T
7 ... 1:31 8.1 1:38 2.1 2:21 5.4 9.-,3 — C. I
8 ... 4:11 S.S *:49 M 3:31 4.» 10:04 0.3
9 ... &:0O &.( 11:00 l.» 4:45 4.5 10:57. 0.7
10 ... 64* 6.1 12:03 I.S €.'<:'• 4.3 U:U 1.3
II ... 6:31 6.0 1:09 0.7 7:161 4.J
L. W H U L \V| H W
13 ... 0:33—1.71 7:is| 6.2 2:0&] 0.1 1:43—41
NOTE— In the -above exposition of th» tld»*
the early rooming tide* an given In th* left
hand column and the succeasiv* tide* of th*
day In the order of occurrence a* to time. Th«
recond time column rives the aecond tide o£
the day. the third time column the thlr-1 tld»
•nd the last or right hand column give, th*
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as aometlme* occurs. Th» heights
given are In addition to the aoundlngs on th*
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precede* th» hetefct.
and then the number given Is subtract* I from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* o*
reference I* the menn of th<» lower low water*.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
Bteamer.
Tt
m.
Dm
Mackinaw Seattle 'Pec.
Wellington ' irture Bay 'D«c.
Santa Rosa San Ptego D«c.
Columbia ll»ortlin«1 D«c.
North Fork ... IHumboldt Dec.
Point Arena. ...'.Point Arena fP«c.
Empire |Coo« Eta] iPec.
<*re»c*nt Clty...iCre»cent City Pec.
OH Norte ... CJty Pec.
Homer 'Coos Bay |Pec.
Arcata jCoos Hay |IV«.
A. Ulanchard...|C"oo* Hay Pec.
l"miitl!!a [Victoria & Puget SoundiPec.
Han Joyr Panama Pec.
i.'ooa Bay Newport .Pec.
Alliance Oregon Ports I>c.
Pomona [HumNiliit Ipec.
Aloha Tlllamoolc p^c.
f»rlzaba Vancnuver Pec.
Matteawan Tnrorna p»c.
Albion Tr.'.ir per.
Corona San Dleico pec.
State of Cat lP»rt!an<! P*c.
America Mam.. China and Japan Dec.
Itonlta Newport . p»e.
Que*n Victoria * Pur^t J'^un'l Dec.
4
«
«
»
, 9
7
7
7
7
7
7
7
9
I
S
*
S
•>
y
!•>
i>
U
13
13
l.i
1
1 i
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | De»tlni»tlon : Fall*.
nonltn 'Newport .Pec. «. 9 am' Pier 11
Ocvjullle Rv Oray» Harbor! Dec. 7. Bpm)..
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd.'Dec. 7. 10 am Pier '»
Curacao .... Mexico Dec. 7. lOam'Plerll
Aberdeen .. Portland Dee. I. 5 pm|
Sam* Ki*a 8 Diego Dec. K. 11 am Plerii
Han Bias... .(Panama Dec. ». i; m^PM^S
Columbia ..|Portlnnd Dec. |. 10 am'Plrr "I
Pt. Arrna.JPoJnt Arrna.. Dec. 9. 3pmiPl^r2
Han Pedro.. ll rumbolJt Dec. ». 4pm Pl*>r I
Hamca iHumboMt Dec. 9. lOamiPler 2
llr>m^r [Oregon Porta. Dec. >. 10 am!Pl«r "i>
Arcata ... .'r.)o» Bay Dec. 9. 1» am'pter IJ
North ForkiHumbolJt Dec. 9. 9ara ; Pter 3
t.'oos nay... Newport Dec. 10, 9am ! Pirrlt
Pomona .... Humboldt D«c. 10. 2 pmlPier 9
rmatllla .. Vie & Vg\ Sd. Dee. 5 liam'Pter ■»
Corona Ran Dte*o Dec. 12. 11 am Pier It
Albion TH'amook k. "pm'pw 3
(-optic ChinaA Japan' Dec. 13. I BmiPM?.«i
Austral .. "«n"lulu <Der. 13. 10 am Pier 'i
btnte of Cal'Portland.. !Dec. 1 1. n ;ini \'\-r :i
Shipping Intelligence.
AIUUVED.
Tuesday. December S.
tort™ 1 " Ab * Tdeen> Hl « ln ». « h"ars from A»-
Stmr Scotia. Jacob.. 14 hours from Albion,
i' nut Australia Houdlette. ft days *" hour*
15 minutes frooi Honolulu.
Stmr Portia ml. LumlauUt, 1: days from Port
land, via A«torla !>,, days. • """ rvl
stmr Xoyo, John«on. II Jiour» from 'Kort
Bra»C(j.
,/ trnr National City. Dettm*rs, CS hours from
Grays Harbor.
Htmr Sunoi. Or»en. $0 hours from Grays Hir-
Dor.
II 8 stmr Sheridan, Pierce. 23 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki.
Btakel lnV s nClbI *' MeKenxle - 1S tiys from port
l«y.
IJark Northern Light. Challesten. » days
from Port niakel»y. vi» Port Angeles :o day*.
I.ktn Monitor. Tlerloff. 2!j days from Eur^*..
I.rljc * ourtney Ford. LJndholm. 10 days fmtn
Port I^udlow. .
Schr Itl.i , «ey. Johnson. 4 days from Eureka.
r Art- M» hp. l Knntl*. J - -
Stewarts I
K»-hr fTurlnthian, Korth. > hour* from ' *"
■ Lai
Continued on Page Fifteen.NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
STORY OF THE
FILL OF MAN
ONLY A MYTH
Rev. C. R. Brown Re
peats Assertions.
— ♦
Oakland Offle-e San Francisco Call.
'JOS Hroadway. Dec. S.
Key. Char Jen R. Hrown of the First
CongrrpcUonnl Church of this city ts of
ih* opinion that Ills utterances of Sunday
last upon the authorship of the Penta
teuch, and the docirlne of original *in. are
i.ot quite a* startling as the majority of
people stem to think. But while Mr.
Urown bay* that his Ideas are now the
Ideas .if nearly all denominations as well
u-s nearly all o f hi* own denomination,
there are many who are wondering where
i};<? old doctrine of "original sin" disap
pears to in the light of Mr. «ii's a»ser
• i-»ns. and If the theory of evolution. If
11. -t as regards the origin of man. certainly
hs to mental and spiritual development.
U rut the t asls of Mr. Brown's remarks.
The address of Mr. ltrnwn to his Bible
.~ia«-s was received without opposition,
though there were wmo questions. As the
Mudy .if t lie Scriptures proceeds these
3«rctlo:iis will multiply, and In the ortho
dox Kirn Congregational Church it is
'Jim* likely that tluy Bill be many.
The Mudy «f Washington • iden'a
■■Who Wrote the Hibl.?" caused no tmall
s>n.«jui;t of these «jue>tlons. and some of
ihe members of the church tock decided
pxcepuon to the Introduction of this
Hut wliile there was exception to
Washington Oladden'S work, there has
t:i«cn no exc-ptlon to the statements of
Mr. Kr.iwn, though they are likely to
IJU3-; n «it at deal of questioning.
>Ir. ltj'uwn ban s«» completely captivated
hit congregation that it win follow him
«vh?r«ver * ; e Ifoea. even ulong these new
lines -.f Biblical
•| .J. V i ronHder my ."Utemrnts at all
iiartijr.^." paid Mr. Hr«wu. "Neither do
) consider them original or partlciUsrly
new. 1 »iar<iiy think tliai nny minister of
Itf present riay. no matter how cons'Tva-
H«. «ill affirm th^ literal interpretation
• : Ihe il»lr<l chapter of the n.wjk «>f Gene
vis, and 1 hardly think that even the most
ronxervaUve will rlnim that the Penia-
Irurb uas written «>y Mo^es ns wo have it.
I tlunk that neither Dr. iMHe nor l>r.
• *"vl«- woujij oppose me upon this stan.l.
tiiKl »crae tnight say that either Is ni.ire
• iiMrvatlve thHn I. 1 have hear.l these
t.irr.e doctrines taught ir the San Fran
«ifco Thi-«ji< gicai Seminary at San An
'finio. which is a Presbyterian Institution:
Ji lias 1 ecn a matter of common belief
: Biong Hili!.> students that this particular
: ■■■ry lbrut A. lam was a myth. There
rcruunly was m. thing in the doctrine
vhloh I advanced wliirh conflirtp with the
i r-.-ti tf thi« or nny other church. After
ihe meeting <f the !>i»-ie class on Sunday
nuajWr of ihe mrst conservative mcm
i • r.s of my church (am- to me and volun
tarily eaJd that they heartily a«retd with
JAMES F. O'BRIEN JR.
ADMITTED TO BAIL
OAK!. AND. Dec. 5— James K. owirlcn
Jr.. wh'«r cppeal from c tftnteccc Of s^v
rn years* irrprirornurt in San guentln on
conviction i f criminally RfsaulUns Miss
N. n. >!e l»pft at V.c asfin'.on. Is prndi-ii?
tn tho Supreme Court, wo* 10-dny .in.it
ted to by.» hy S»p«rlnr Ju.lre Hall In tne
utm or IS*m wc.h WJiliam M r«tsnn and
Jsmfs P. O'linen. thf ;>ris >nr rs' father
•t His release from the Coi*n<
1} Jtil In t>onds (f «h;e tv the fact Hat
tils hfalth I.*? l.e,n steadily failing itlnco
liis Inc-arreration and *io t5 r.<>\\ affiicttd
with tuberculosis, to which r.vta r-rs.
Paid win ?rd Tunn testified In court.
O'Brien l^ft for liis homo m l.tv
rrrnore on the la:e n ft '-moon train ac
• •miJnnUd by his fatlsi-r. who has ?p»'nt
imtt half p'k fortune to save hfs con from
the penitentiary. OHrton was trleil th:v<»
llait-» for bis «-r!me. The :lrr«t Jury cm\
vlctcd. ij C j the verdict v.as set aside on
n technicality. The second lury trial re-
In i »!!sipr«"«-ment. whlrn cau«e-.l a
< r r:in-1 Jury Jnv»»i«tlKstlon. His conviction
was ohts'.r-ed at the last trial, June 1 last.
■ ♦ .
■ his by Publication
■
MARRIED WOMEN
NEED NOT APPLY
OAKLAND, Dee. 6.— An effort made by the Oakland Board of Educa
tion last night to revise the rules of the Oakland School Department
resulted In only a revision and Intensification of the rule that makes
the unmarried teacher the only available article In Oakland educa
tional circles.
School Director Wakefleld. who Is himself the only unmarried member of
the Board of Education, appeared as the champion of the married women.
He wanted the rules of the Oakland School Depart) • amended so that mar
ried women could be employed in the schools, and he introduced a resolution
to that effect.
Then the board went Into executive session for fear that pome one might
overhear the discussion upon this <)< licit* point. The other members of the
l.fard. some of whom had long b«-e;i \n the service of the schools and were
rf fj>f»nFll>le for the enactment .>f this rule, took the unmarried Director
Wakcfirld Into a side room and toM him why no married women were wanted
and why only young, pretty and unmarried teachers should be permitted to
teach the young Idea how to shoot In Oakland.
There is one woman upon '•• School Hoard. Mrs. Dr. Myra Knox, and
phe seconded the efforts of Mr. WakeJield to remove the prohibition upon
married women.
Hut what happened In the pecr»*t session the School Directors do not want
tn pay. Hut there were enough votes to overcome the proposition /if
Directors Wakefleld and Kik>x <md the married women were vanquished. The
rule will stand and no married women need apply at the Oakland School
Department-
(Q&[s[y^Rj[D
DONATE THEIR
HANDIWORK FOR
SWEET CHARITY
Brilliant Gathering at
Reed Hall.
— • —
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, Dec. 5.
The first annual afternoon tea. auction
sale and evening dance given by the mem
bers of the ]...::•.- Relief Society for the
benefit of the Old Ladies' and Children's
homes at Temescal was held this after
noon and evening at Heed Hall. It was a
very pretty affair, and a considerable sum
waa realised for the benefit of the two
homes operated by the ladles.
The ladies of the society took a great ln
terest In the event and made v one of
social Importance as well us a financial
enterprise. The hali was prettily decor
ated, and the booths and tables were
established In the corners, while the vis
itors promenaded and discussed plans for
making this an annual event for addi
tions to the treasury of the society.
The aftetrnoon was occupied by the gen
eral sale of articles from the tables, over
which the ladies presided.
Mrs. F. M. Smith had charge of the
fancy work booth, which was decorated
In yellow. Fhe brought with her a Urge
number of young latiies. who made the
booth a very pretty picture. Her asslst
n:;ts .vert the Misses Kittridpe. the
Ml sues Koor.ey. Miss Anna Hripifs. the
artist who has Just returned from Paris,
Miss May Darker. Miss Marlon Smith.
Miss Florence Nightengall. Mrs. Goeing,
Mrs. H. O Trowbridge, Miss Grace
Sperry. Miss Evelyn Ellis. Miss Carman
Moore and Mlhr Ethel Moore.
In another corner was the grab bag.
which lira. John H. Mhoon cared for. with
the aid of Miss Stebhins of San Francisco.
The confectionery table was in charge ofi
Miss Louise de Fremery and Miss Jean
Howard. There wus one table at which
the work of the old Indies at the hnmo
was sold, at which Mrs. George W. Mor
row and Mrs. Treadwell presided. The
tea taMe was in charge of Mrs. R. G.
Urown and Mrs. J. N. Knowles and their
daughters.
Mis. Spencer Drown and Mrs. --ore*
C Edwaida cared far tho jlnances of the
door.
In the evrnlnc there were dancing and !
on auction salt nf all articles that were
left fr.>m the Fal«» of the afternoon.
George li. Collins acted as auctioneer and
placed all of the goods to a decided ad
vi: tit age.
Th<« officer* of the Ladies' Relief So
riclv :«re: Honorary president. Mis. L.
r. [»»m: president. Mrs. E. C. Williams:
viro presldente-~Mrsj J. E. McEiruth and
..Irn. .!. It Mtioon; o^rr«-t!j>on<lfnir secre
tary. Miss Je*»le Campbell; recording sec
retary. Mrs. \V. ]•. Gelktt; treasurer,
Mifs A. E. Minor.
OEATH CLAIMS f. B.
GRANGER OF ALVARADO
OAKLAND. Dec 5.— V. B. (Jrnnser s r .,
tp of tn« earliest settlers <>f the In'erlor
"f Alam«'Ja ("our.ty nn<l fur many years
proprietor of the Rlvernlde Hotel, <11ed at
hit homo In Alnincda this morning. Hts
death Is attributed to san{rrei:e-. Me had
been 111 about a month. lieceasctf was a
native of .Vow York, need 7>» years Me
c^mo lo J^is roast In )SSL :lrst cngnifiug
In fanning near Alvarado. and about
iwrnty-ontj vcars apr» ho established the
Riverside Hotel. In which Ills son. K. B.
ilranrer Jr.. has been associated with him
••f lat«> ytars. lVocns.-.i was tninent
In local jio!M!r* and was a member of the
Odd KclloWft. U'-sidos the son ;;amod he
lrnvos aiuther son. I'lureuce '.ranger, of
Michigan, and ono riaiißhtt-r. Mr*, Klmer
<"hase. wife of the vnporintondriit of a
canning company at San Jose. His win
pat.se! away :i limit a y«ar .:go. The fu
ri^ral will take »i«are at Alvarado ...ext
Thursday mi>riiiriK.
Her Ex Husband Is an ITr»ir.
OAKLAND, D«. S— August R. Denke
Jr. to-day applied for letters on the
estate of his mother, who died several
months npo 10.-ivltig property valued at
P««rt. The h»-irs are throe s.ms and two
daughters nnd A. K. Dcnkr. dent's
former husband, who since her death has
married again.
■ ♦ ■
In Honor of President Wheeler.
RBRKELET !•. ■ after
lon drill >>f tli'
impu's
-. who will
TIIK SAN I KANCISCO CALL., Uhl)M;si)AY, DJfiUJCJM HiiK b. ».
SCENES AT THE
OLD LADIES' FAIB
WHIPPLE MAY
HAVE TO PAY
FOR PLAYING
Faculty Will Consider
His Case.
CAPTATN *vnirH,K.
BERK] : Dec. 6.— Speculation Is rife
among the students of th« university as
to the action taken and to be tuk. -ri by
the authorities in the case of Captain
Whipple of the football team, who ren
dered himself liable to censure by dis
obeying the rder of the committee on
student affairs forbidding him to play in
the Thanksgiving game. Captain Whip
ple hati always stood well with the fac
ulty heretofore, but this year his numer
ous cares in looking after the interests
of tila team so occupied his time that he
fell below grade in his university stand
ing. The faculty rules are very stringent,
and Captain Whlpple's prominence and
prestige were of bo avail to save him
from their operation, and so he was con
fronted with the dilemma of either defy
ing thi» ruling or giving up his place In
the great game. Ills choice of the latter
alternative broke off peaceful relation*
with the faculty, and Colonel Edwards,
tho chairman of the committoe on stu
dent nifalrs. at once went to the manage
ment of the Stanford team and endeav
ored to persuade them to protest against
Whlpple when he came on the gridiron.
The Stanford men could not see that it
was within their province to do so, and
the attempt of the California professor to
carry his point by this means was made
tho subject of some very unpleasant per-
Bonaiiti'». Contradictory rumors were
flying about the campus to-day concern
ing Whipple's suspension and probable
expulsion He loft tewn Immediately after
the cam*! and Ik supposed to be ..waiting
the faculty's action at his home near On
tervi: I'rofcssor Thomas It. Bacon of
the students' affairs committee said to
night that his committee had taken no
action with regard to the matter, which
would be taken up and passed upon at a
meeting of the entire faculty next Friday.
President Wheeler would express no opin
ion on the caM except to deny that he
had suspended (Vhjpple or hud forbidden
him the campus. He said that the ath
lete's own action in going into the (tame
had severed his connection with the uni
versity until further notice and that his
absence in the meantime was simply dic
tated by good taste.
Ipple Is a member of the class of
IWO, and would have graduated In May
but for th. present Interruption.
Student sentiment upholds the. action of
the splendid athlete who sa.-rifWd so
much, to secure the 30—0 victory, but the
general opinion Is that he will be made
an example of, probably by a year* sus
pension. '
SUES FOR DIVORCE.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.-A special to the
I Times from Hurlington. V't., says: Julia
. Marlowe-Taber. the well-known actress,
applied to-day for divorce from her hus
band, Robert Tul.-r on me ground of In
tolerable severity and neglect and refusal
to support.
The case was brought In I>a Mollle
! County Court, held at Hyde Park. Chief
j Justice Tiift presiding. Decision was re
i served. Mr. Taber's residence Is given
i as Stowe, where he has a summer home.
ANNUAL CONVENTION
OF SUNDAY SCHOOLS
OAKLAND, Dec. 5 -The Alameda Coun
ty Sun. lay School Association will hold Its
annual convention In the First Presby
terian Church next Friday afternoon and
evening. Following so closely after the
recent canvass made throughout the
county, tin* convent!) promises to be ex
ceptionally interesting, ..it to that ••: d
unusual preparation tins been made to
have a K'>oii programme, both in topic to
be discussed a:iu speakers.
The statistics of as many districts
whose <an\ass has been completed it'll) be
presented, which should be of gvneral In
terest. At the experience meeting, held
between sessions, under the leadership of
C. F. Uai.er. uio.-e engaging 111 the . .11l
vass nil! have an opportunity to relate
the Incidents oceurlng is they visited
from house '•• house, me of wnioh will
be of an amusing character, at the same
time being instructive in that it will show
both i he charitable and uncharitable side
of nature.
The afternoon session, commencing at
2 o'clock, will open tilt services of pray
er and praise led by Rev. K. It. Bennett
Following will be the programme: Ad
dress of welcome. Rev. R. F. Coyle; re
sponse. President O. A, Lane] singing;
papers on primary work, Mi-s Mabel Oray
and Miss Grace i: Bernard; discussion,
"Relation of the, Pastor to the Sunday
School," Rev. J. R. Knodell: singing ap
pointment oi committees; "Home Depart
ment," If. T. Holcomb; discussion;
"Method of Teaching" (Intermediate).
Mrs. C. <> Lombard; discussion: singing:
"Adults' Blblo Class." R. M Chamber
lain; discussion: singing; intermission;
basket lunch, 5:30, followed by experience
meeting of canvassers conducted by C F.
Baker, and social time.
The evening session commences at. 7:15
with a praise service and a devotional ser
vice, led by D K. Collins; reports of com
mittees: election of officers: "Relation of
the Adult Church Member to the Sunday
School," Rev. C. R. Brown: song and of- .
fertorv: "l"p to Date Work in Bund ay
School." speaker to he announced at the
meeting; prayer and benediction. Rev. C.
11. Hobnrt. The tniulc will be under the
direction of J. M. Robinson.
FEARFUL MASSACRE
OF THE ARMENIANS
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dee. s.— Private advices recolved hera report that (
the Kurds have avenged the recent Incursion of Russian Armenians In the '
Alashserd district In Turkish Armenia by pillaging the Armenian village of '.
Kostur and massacring 300 of Its Inhabitants. '
ESTABLISHING MOTIVE
IN MOLINEUX'S CASE
Evidence That the Prisoner Harbored
Bitter Enmity Toward
Harry Cornish.
NKW YORK. !>.•<•. '■ TtW surprise of
the day in the trial of Koland ii. Moli
ncux for the murder of Katharine J.
Adams was the sudden introduction by
tho prosecution of direct testimony that
Mollmux barborH bitter enmity lownnl
Jlarr> Ccrnish and A. A Harpster. a for
mer employe "f the Knickerbocker Atli
).-ti<- «'hib an.i a friend >>f Cornish; fur
ther that Molineux BOUKht in a round
about way, by having an agent write to
Maipsters former employer over a false
signature. t<> obtain information reflect
l&g i>n l!arp^t pr ' s eharaoter, that he
nT\bt use the information to Haipster'n
This new testimony, which was extract
ed from an unwilling friend of Molineux.
In important not only as showing a mo
tive for Molineux seeking the death of
Cornish but as confirming the theory of
the prosecution that Molineux wrote or
caused to he written several letters
falsely signed asking for drugs and medl
clne».
LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN
THE FINANCIAL BILLS
WASHINGTON. Dec. f>. The Senate
finance bill, made public yesterday, was
well received by the Republican members
of the House who framed the HOUM bill.
Overstreet of Indiana, who In trod need the
House bill. Bald that little difficulty In
reconciling the two measures was expect
ed. The bonding feature of the Sana 1 4
bill wa» the chief point nf dlffercnci> from
the House hill and beyond this, ho said,
the Ijills proceeded substantially on the
Kaine lines, the differences beini? tbota <>f
phraseology. Overstreet expressed t lie
belief that these differences could readily
be adjusted in a conference committee.
The Michigan Republican delegation In
the House held a caucus to-day and unan
imously derided to support the House
financial bill.
PUNISHED FOR CONTEMPT.
Counsel Evain Suspended Three
Months by the French Senate.
PARIS. Dec. 6.— ln the Senate to-day.
Kitting as high court. Chief of Detralvex
Hennlon, on whose report the prosecution
of the conspiracy cases Ik mainly based,
testified in support of his allegations. He
was frequently Interrupted by counsel for
the prisoner*, who asked questions, in
some of which M. Hennlon refused to an
swer, which evoked protests. Counsel
lSvaln demanded that the court refuse to
admit police reports an evidence, where
upon the court deliberated secretly and
rejected the demand, at the unit time
sentencing the counsel to three months'
suspension for remarks insulting to the
court.
SEATTLE SHIPWRIGHTS
GO TO MARE ISLAND
VALLEJO, Dec. 6.— Ten shipwright*
from Seattle arrived at Mare Island and
registered to-day. The force on the Hart
ford numbers about twenty. They are
pronounced far Inferior to the men who
loft the Job. Workmen a:<- still tearing
out planks from the ship and it U believ
ed s«he will not leave here until after tho
new year, although the Bastern dis
patches state that she Is scheduled to
leave on the UOth lust. Shipwright** who
left off work on the Hartford and were
prohibited from employment at Mare Isl
and on that account for one year, will
probably be allowed to register for re-em
ployment In a few days to be re-employed
whenever their services are required.
The discharge of sixty Ironworker's,
mostly machinists, occurred to-day at
Mure Island In the department of steam
engineering. The cause Is a lack of or
den from Washington, no work en hand
and no allotment of funds to proceed with
It.
INJURED IN A WRECK.
Coalinga Train Leaves thr Track and
the Fireman Is Hurt.
BAKER.SFIBLD. Dec. :■ Word has
reached here of a wreck of a Coalings
train on the Alcalde. At first Railroad
Burgeon Taggart wa» called to go with
the wrecking train. but afterward notified
not to come, as medical aid would be ob
tained from Hanford. It N reported that
several cars left th«» track. The fireman
Is the only one reported to be Injured.
Division Superintendent Burkhatter !« on
the scene of the mishap, and th«» railroad
men here have no authority t<» give out
information. The wreck occurred early
In the evening.
Thief Also a Bigamist.
SAN JOSE. Dec. «.— Nick Infnntino. the
• barber who having been married but four
months robbed his wife of $600 and de
s»Tt»*d her, must Rlso answer to the
oharp«« of bltrnmy if caught. Sheriff
Lanpford to-day received word from the
Chief of Police of Boston establishing
proof th«t Infantino hurt been previously
mnrrio<l and h««l also been convicted of
murder.
Chinese Peddler Murdered.
lli-N01.C1.1-, NOV. :«.-An uge.i Chinas*
peddler Ah I'm whs beaten to
(Itiith with a ilub and hoe and then
burned !n 'ils hut lnct week on the island
<t Maul. There l* no <-iuo to the peipe
tratora of the crime, whl<-h occurr <1 at
Kipahulu plantation.
Chinese Fishermen Held.
RAN RAFAEL. Dec. 5. The preliminary
examination of the ten Chinese from Point
San Pedro, accused of Illegal fishing, was
heard to-day before Judge Gardner. The
Chinese were held to answer In the Su
perior Court and released on ball.
Goes to His Post.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. "> . - Kx-Onvprror
William P. Lord, Minister to the \rgei.
tlne Republic, left to-night for his post
of duty. He will stop at Washington t<«
receive final Instructions from the State
Department.
Coolies Pouring In.
HONOLULU, Nov. 28— In the last three
days three loads of contract laborers, in
nil 2135. have arrived from Japan. A
large number are believed to be still on
tlie way.
MRS. CHENEY LECTURES.
Mrs. John Vnnce Cheney delivered the
first of a course of lecture* at the room*
of the Cuiift*rri4a Club, last night. tr» a
large audience of ladles. The subjeot of
the lecture was "The Recognition of In
dividual Power."
NATURAL APERIENT WATER Is the best known, (he safest, and
the most trustworthy remedy for CONSTIPATION.
It Is invaluable for the relief of DYSPEPSIA. BILIOUSNESS. TORPID LIVER.and
HEMORRHOIDS. In which It* •fllcaey is unquestionable. It clears th« blood of
GOUT tad RHEUMATISM, and it secures A CLUAK COXri.F XIOX.
nUNYADI JANOS n»vergrlp«», and Is never followed byunplcasantafter'Cffecta.
May be wifely administered to children. ATMPPfJ* do»et a vrincKlassful before
breakfast, either pure or diluted, with a similar quantity or hot orcold water.
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, proprietor,
Budapest, Hungary.
BffI3KHQJi N7N 7
DOGS, PIGEONS
AND CHICKENS
ON EXHIBITION
Prominent Breeders
Make Entries.
Oakland Offlrr San Fi mclscn Tall,
908 Broa-iw i> I >,-.*. 5.
The second annual exhibition of the
Oakland Poultry Association, which opens
at the Exposition building t>-m
continuing until and Including Saturday
night, promises to l»e the most elaborate
ever held on this coast.
The executive committee, comprising
President F. E. Mason. Vice President P.
A. Rowsell, Superintendent I, N. Cobble
•lick. Secretary C. G. Hinds. O. P. Hayes
and C. J. Siegfried, has spared no effort*
to make It a memorable exhibit. Th»
premium list shows that the association
has been most liberal In the placing of
cash prizes, besides offering a valuable lot
of specials for second prize winners. Ac
commodations are furnished to coop over
1500 birds.
Under special prizes a Sty-egg incubator
worth $-»*\ and donated by Henry Albers.
Los Angeles, will be awarded the lurgesr
exhibit of birds, ■coring over 90 pointp.
owned and exhibited by one exhibitor. A
challenge cup donated by F. A. Webster,
the photographer, will go to the exhibitor
of the highest aggregate -• re of cock
cockerel, hen and pullet variety. The
Fernwood '-up. perhaps the moil beauti
ful ever offered at a poultry show, will i>«
awarded for the bent twenty Barred Ply
mouth Rocks. Mack Minorca*. White
Leghorns, one or all varieties, while the
Pierce cup seeks a winner for the best
PARALYSIS CAUSES DEATH
OF SENATOR-ELECT HAYWARD
The Late Senator-Elect Monroe L. Hayv.ard of Nebraska.
NEBRASKA CITY Nebr. Dec. s.— Senator I lay ward died at 6:20 this morn
ing.
United St;it"!« Senator-elect Monroe L. Hayward was .'9 years old and
had lived in Nebraska City for thirty-two years. Although a lawyer by
profession, he made his wealth largely through Investments In land* In Nebraska
and Kansas. His election to the United States Senate was his tir.-t appearancA
in national politics He was defeated for Governor by Poynter two years ago.
reducing the fusion majority from IS.OOO to 3ttW. When the last legislature wan
found to be Republican Air. Hayward announced his candidacy for the United
States Senate, and the fight which followed was one of the most bitter In th«»
history of the State. The long drawn out caucus deadlock tinnlly resulted In his
election. But soon afterward he was stricken with paralysis while addressing a
political meeting Senator llayward was a veteran of the Civil War. serving in
the Twenty-second Regiment of New York Volunteers nnd later In the Fifth
Cavalry. He married Miss Jennie Pel ton of Putnum County, New York, in
1870. and his widow and two sons survive him.
ten Barred Plymouth Rocks Besides i
these are Innumerable sweepstake*. l»-;i !
cash prizes, nnd prizes offered by the |
American White Plymouth Rock Club.
The dressed poultry department, under ]
the supertnt< of Oustave Rot ha- I
m*! ana (Jeorge T. her. often Aral nee- \
ond and third prize cards, a* does also the ;
egg deportment. In charge of W. H. ■
Chllds; Incubator department. Dr. T. 11.
Keys, nnd the, Belgian hares and pet J
stock department. J. 11. Cobbledlck. »v- .
perlntendent.
Henry Berrar has been selected as Judg.»
of poultry and Charles R. Barker Judge
of hare* mid pet stuck.
On next Thursday the third annual
bench show of the California Collie Club
will also open In the Exposition building.
closlnK on Saturday night. Fully 3<»
blooded don will be on exhibition. Th»
officers of the club are: President. W. B.
Frue of Han Jose: vice president. M. Cof
fey of Sacramento: secretary and treas
urer. Norman J. Stewart of Aromas; re
cording secretary. 0 J. Albee of Law
rence. The bench show committee con
sists of J. C Ferret. O. J. Albce and
Charles H. Marker, and thU committee
has Issued an unusually excellent pre
mium list of regular and special prizes.
J. \V. Burrel of New York will net as
Judge of setters and pointers and C. N.
Nairn of Ballston. Or., will be Judge of all
other classei Dr. A. E. Buznrd. veteri
nary surgeon, will be In attendance, md
the bench show will be under the super-
Intendcncy of Louis llaaf.
Nor should the pigeon department be
lost eight of. This will prove an Impor
tant "feature of the great show this lea
won and witl be exhibttrd nnrlT th»»
auspices of the Pacific Pigeon Club of
Alnmeda. whose officers are: K. D. Con
nolly, president; 11. F. Whitman, seere
i or ihe
day cm /
tary: B. F. Rain vice president: C. J.
Siegfried, librarian, and Dr. T. Carpen
ter, veterinary surgeon. In this exhibit
also are valuable prize* offered. 11. V.
Whitman will act a* Judge of all breeds.
Following In a list of exhibitors In the
poultry department:
I. N. Oobbledlck C O. Hlnd». O. P. Ilayr*.
r>r. T. Bak?r. O. 11. IV" E. 1,. Dun.«h*e.
T. B. C. Slelck^r. P. n. Hamilton. Oeor** GlN
lln Jr.. C. 11. i«rrlnri n, J 1. linger: Mra. J.
I. Rogers, S. J. Hunter. O. F. Emory, J. I>.
Nash. E. M. Eantrr.an. G. A. S*aly. C. IT.
Louder, Op«oo<J & fion. F. A. Hunter. ■• E.
Stowe. P. E. Wcwvl. Arthur P.;»ll«y. 11. 11. Maro.
J. K. Nalnmtth. J. II CobMedlck. O. E. Tupp*r.
Jtmn Hnri" 1 Oeocgi Sherman. J. F. Par
mento. HIM B. A. Rn|tM«. John Hiwe. Heorvn
D. Lubbln. C. E. Oould. E. U Lawmn. M.
KlmbHll. Willow Poultry Farm. P. A. Itnb*rt
»on. Dr. C. M. Sflfrldec. If. E. Klrby, XV. P.
Chllds. Parr Inrubntor rnmrnnr. S. A. Welln.
J. 11. Edson. C. J. ei-Kfrl'd. J. \V. WakcflrM.
Mm. P. 11. Is ■ Jamr» Mitchell. William
•«tyiin. W A. Oilb»rt. t* XV. Matthlan. F.
Forli^n. Pinto T*rt».i poultry Farm. F. O.
Tnylor. N C. Hutt. S A. J^nkln^. M. C Hunt.
Mn Hu«rh Hurti^. XV. II Ari>». E. U po|». fj.
A. notham*!. XV. Tiffany. J. John«-«n. 11. W.
K^iiy. Con Met 11. B«ntr Mr». II O Hv
•rly. L. E. Ilralnard. E. F Mltrh«lt. O .1
Albre. E. \jr<nw. William Roberta. A. <: <-
Rob«rt«. Mrs. F. n. Van N'natrand. roflf»''
nro«.. Min>r O«nrrr(» K»v D*mln« Macll«». T.
11. Thnmpnon. XV. 11. P*amon. F. E. M.iton.
J^hn C. Daly, tlrtrirs Poultry Farm. W. A.
White. Caesar Toung. F. A. Rewaell, C E.
Hatrmsn.
n»lKlan har» drpartm^nt-H. Pl't^k. F F
st«pnn p. Maclliw. XV. P. Child*. J. XV W«k«-
Held. John A. Evans. M. McLelUn. W. Tlf
ranv. Mra. C. O. Hindu.
Pllfeon der*r"n»»nt— A. N. Payt^r. O T.
Mar-h. Pr C. M B«|frt>te« O. P. natl»T. If.
C. Worth. E. P. Connolly. J. J. TVmklr.son.
Lewis nro«.. John Mole. HTM' Pr T.
c*rr* r \t'T. Mra F. C. Blow, C. J. fleitfrled.
II T. Whitman.
Inrubamr dep«rtm«nt - J•l^: »• Inrubntor
Company. I^» Ai.e»!" Incubator Company.
Piorkton Incubator Company, raclftc laeaWtor
Company.
Willie Still Wni'-ng.
OAKLAND. Dec s—The rase of \Vt!!l*
Hrlrkfon. who was nrrr»tr^ nin->n vrrt
plalnt of bit father for sfenlinH $3>. va*
not dlspo'ctl of In the IV>ll«e Court to
day. Police Judc* Hmlth h.i« lakon a
prcnt ln:ero»t In th. c:\ttf and Is trylnir
to tlnd a home In thr country for thj boy.
Current Events Section.
ALAMEDA. Dec. a— Th* Innt m*<»Mni?
for the year of the current events «ectjon
of the Adelphlan Club will h» held to
morrow afternoon at the residence of Mr«
11. Krusl. 2033 Central u venue. "The War
In the Transvaal" will continue to be r.\
subject, besldt-s numerous articles of cur
rent Interest. The meeting win begin at
2 o'clock sharp.
« ♦ ■
W. L LECKEY. LLD.. GETS
A MARRIAGE LICENSE
OAKLAND, Dec. * -Warr»n Lafjijrtftfl
Leckey. who signed his name with thm
appended letters ■ 1.1. I' " and gay« Ms
rrsldrnce~\ns San Francisco and ape XJ.
to-day secbrcd a marriage license to
marry Marian Katie Carman nged IS.
also of San Francisco. Mr I.eckey dl« 1
not want the matter published, but no
record has been made of the rrrrmonr
being performed A canvass of many
ministers foiled to show a mnrrlnge.
though the license was evidently for Im
mediate UP".
Mrs. Hearst at Berkeley.
BERKELEY*. Dec. 5.-Mr». I'hebe A
Hearst arrived In Flerkeley to-ilay an. l
took up her residence In the I'ennoyer
house at the hend of inning way. Sh'»
will remain throiifrhout the collect* yeit
and during that time will entertain dally
from thirty to forty college women In th*
b.-inquet hall Just completed in the rear
of her temporary home.
STEAMER HUPEH LOST
Chinese Members of the Crew Sink
With the
MANILA. Dec. 5.-The British steamer
Hupeh. captain Quail, from Hongkong,
has foundered In latitude 14 north, longi
tude 110 earn. xi •■ crew, with the ejtrep
tion of the Chinese member*, wu raved.
♦
Foul Play Suspected.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 5 —It was an
nounced yesterday that Charles Farentl.
a tailor, had committed suicide by .Irink
lnjc a poisoned . (Tec punch In a saloon on
J street There la now belief that tho
man was murdered and tho authorltle*
are making m Inreatliratlon. The con
tents of Parrntl's *tnmarh have been »em
to San Francisco for analysts.
Ferro Held to Answer.
SAN J< 'SCI' s.— Louis Ferro. who
■hot and killed John d« Rossi on tho
night of November 27. wan held to answer
for murder by Justice Oaas to-day. Do
tails of th« shootlnc a.>« published wer»
retold by tho witnesses at tho examina
tion and showed the murder to have been
a col«l-Mooded one. The defense off«red
no testimony.
Death of Sir Henry Tats.
LONDON. Dec. 5.-Slr Henry Tat«. for
merly heal of the firm of Her Tata *
Sons, sugar refiner*, and donor of the
Tate collection and picture gallery. Wcjt
mlmter. i* dead. lie was born la 13U.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
TTSINEPS OrFICE of the Pan Francisco
Cai!. corr»r cf Market and Third streeta. open
«rtil 12 o'r'.ork evrry night In the year.
P RANCH OmCBS-tn Montgomery street.
crmer Clay: cj*n until »:30 p. m.
TOO ll.tycs ittvct; oi<n until I M p. m.
Ca> McAUSster street; cpen until 1:30 p. m,
•15 Lnrkln urert: oj'en until 9:33 p. m.
3J41 llirslnn street ; open until 10 p. m.
I?C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opes
t;t.tiJ ? p. tr.
Id Eleventh street; ■-•••• p. m.
ir^6 Valencia Mrtft; open until 9 p. m.
123 Polk street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest crrrer of Twenty-«eoond and Ken-
turkv ►tr«'-ts; e;.en until '• p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. It. nnd S. _
:>: . »:;i n.ect this <wednesdaY) _rv. '
EVEXIXQ. December C. .t S o'clock. XX
:•■! buuin'-s*. ■:■•„:• ' and an&ual «-lec- />r >
il^.n of . rr.. •■:■. By ord»T of the T. I. M.
FRANKLIN DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodce No. 14. F. and •
A. M— Annual and stated nvetlng. j^*V_
illlS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, H Ifjf
: .;< a'doctc Election of oSh-ers. liv/V>
•^•■r cf the W. M.
THEO. FROLICIL Secretary.
« Ikk'KETT U>dge No. I3S. F. and A. n
M - Annual ni.^tlng THIS -WEDNES-_lV_
:>\\) BVKXINO. IV>N!iil»-r 6. at '. :So^t jf
■■ w'riock. IL FORTRIEDK. Sec. *V^
EXCELSIOR Lodra No. I6t~ F. and~jC m~
M.-Ar.nual meeting THIS «WEDXES- #V_
DAY> EVENING, Decmber «. at VS3'K_3C
o'clock. Election of officers. fyr*
THEO. E. SMFTH. Secretary.
M«iRSE I>->dge No. 257f X. O. O. F. oStf*sa*
-InitiaUon and election of ortl- £Sv**3S?Z.
<ers THIS (WEDNESDAY)
EVBNINO. Decemlwr «. A full "W\*
i>ttrr.daar« desln-d. Visitors cordially ia-
vtted. J. L. WEBB. N. G.
< HRIND, Recording Secretary.
THE regular meeting cf the Saa Fran- M
•■ii.ro Bricklayer*' AsMM-iatl>n will be |l
hfld THIS OVCDNCSDAT) EVEN- ,*T,
IN<;. l»ec. C. at Hn.nl 11 rllh Hall. 121 j&l
KJdy st.. at fc o«-l(N-k. A full attend- jXS
ance Is reo,ucH»-J; numinctlona of of- " H»
Beers. E. J. BRANDON. Pres. ■
a-KRVIAN '. MONTENEGRIN ll »
a_"jil B. Society— All ofrtc*-rs and *V*^
turmt>er* of the above society \s£rjr
*n- ti<*rrby n^lfled to attend Ci;O' r TJ*ii
tiieir regular monthly und n^m- tf^Cvy~g^iS|
..t! n m«-etlnc WEDNESDAY P^iiljH.'f
E\*ENING. IV.-cmbrr 6. IS.*, at KV^nKti
; >\;(Hlc sharp, at lv tall- vflwyifi
: rtrfa n.. to notataate oftierrs Vj<3«*^y
i r th« tr.mlng jear »l!cj<t). By >^y^
■ I IT it
M K. TASOVAS. President.
-;•!::■ s y; ■•■ > \\ i.n:vi.-n. Secr^ao'-
AI'^THIAN Ben.^voirnt Society— Offl- -^J>
cera and merr.lieris; You arc hereby P f l!»C'^S
ri^itlW to attend your quarterly «£T(cffi*
nK-ejlnjc on WEDNESDAY EVEN- W«S
INO, lv.'. £. at 7:Sit o'clock. Nor-
.:.*: n <>f of fleers for c.rr.tr.g year; tlso «lona-
tn>n and at>nn>i>riatlnn will take place. By
tier f J. L. RADOVICH. Pres.
AUGUST MIKUUCH. R»c Sec
ANNUAL Meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the r.iauhau Sunar Plan-
tation Compa&y will be held at the olftoe
i : tlie company, SJ7 Market at.. In the city
ani county of San Frauclsco. on SATUR-
I'AY. tbe ti <lay of I>ec«-m»-er. 1599. ut the
1., ur if 11 o'cl'K-k a. m.. far the purpose of
t'ectlng a br-ard of directors to serve tor the
• -i-ulrg yep.r and the transaction of such
other luinlr.^ss hk may come before the met-
iae. Ttar.ffcr b•' ks will close on WeJnt-»-
tfay, November IK??, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
The abr.ve advert lM>d meeting of the Paati- j
t-.au Sucar Plantation Company Is postponed
uitil THURSDAY. December 21. 1S9!». at 11
i ■•« !'vk a. tr.. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: n. W. KING, sixth flocr. Chron-
1< > l-uiiditiß; no advance ... all cases; >
• «r:.tes. • ■ •. -i«-.-.v. ilamagcs. collections.
lm:ikru;>ti y; arUla, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
< : .1 <r wnt»>.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.-> f>-e without ruoew-s; collections. G. W.
li'AVl*. »tty at law. fTA* Market, cor. Stpcktn.
SOAII F. FIXKUI. 535 Market St.. cpp. Mason;
• ■'■tiFUliatlnn fre*-; moderate fees.
F. 11. MERZIIACII. attorney at law. hss re-
mtned uraitlce at tC3 Cal. St.. Clunle bldg.
L. r. CLARK. Emma Spreckela building. P27
%!nrkft. .<.:.«u!?at!' n free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
V DAVIDSON. ;C7 Market st.. opy. Mafon.
DICYCLE REPAIRING.
THOS. H. B. VARNET~MartTet and Tenth!
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICTCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
DOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 123— United States Hotel; rooms SIM
»erk up. with board $3to; auite for two with
tr'»M. Jl2; ! :.- : S4 week, me, - 2ic; ele-
vmtor runs all n'.ght.
NEW family hotel; flrst-c!ast In all appoint-
tn»-ni*; excellent 'ht>le. M 7 '^allfornla St.. oc- |
ctii ylnr corner oproette Grace Church.
•"•BirLffKAvfA HOTEI*" Polk and Clay-Sun-
riy suites; best board; for 2, 545 up; single. $20.
LAS PALM AS. li2fl Market at.-Sulte of 2 or 3
r:-i» ; private; bath; tin. rms.; board optional.
LONGWORTR. E32 Geary— Large suites, bath.
f' r 3 or 4 gentleman; eT<-»!i«>nt talile board.
fliif.(«(O T«"> l<an on diamonds, watches, nilver. se.>-
»Uln«. r'.anos.. runs. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
O'FARRELL, 741-Ijuxe sunny front rooms;
r ■ ,A Lome r.r kltifc ; alr.r. single rrvoms; S!0 »!p.
BOARD AM) ROOMS WANTED.
IVIIMIW. has a nlr .? home, wants a smaJl child
t'i bnard; g.ir»d home; best car*. 3CS r*eli st.
800 X S — NEW AND OLD.
fnoOL BOOKS bought and exchange.
H fa^ P«»k Cn. ?C4 Ml«>i»n «t.. n>ar Third.
Mim. , shoes.
LADIES' la^e »hr»s. ..... 75c.
M«-ns dressy hhi~>s. |l 2i; men's boots, SI "i.
I'r:<e list f-ent free. PEOPLES SHOE
t'T'JHE. 1503 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Uo< iTK and fhoes. mad* to order from lst-clam
material. SC to X: repairing cheap. H. SAL-
MNEN. 441 Buth St.. formerly with McNulty
DIMNESS CHANCES.
A-J4:t; CANDY «r>re and facton'. wlth~TlvTng I
ri>'in-.r. in choice location on Polk St.: rent
V.2; clears SI." per week; elegantly fitted: a
rare rha:.."\ R. G. WILKE. »M Market ft.
A- S".O; UESTAT'RANT In mining town of 4WX)
Inhabitaijts: daily rec-ipt* tiit; rent SHI; a
XJargain. R. <;. wilke. w4 Market at.
A-|4ofio; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location; i^r.t $4it; doing a large store and bar
trade: stock .:; fresh; a j-are opportunity.
«*all R. q. WILKE. >o6 Markrt at.
A-IIJ00; RESTAURANT diosTlo~Markei and
Mason *t». ; doing a rushing business; place
elf-Kantly fitted up; worth double the money
at ked. Call R. «i. WILKE. *0C Market st.
A-S>io; I«OUK and dell.acy stored doing a
latce anJ Jlisl-c!a«s paying business; rent
l.y; the \*ry ».e».t lrx-atlon; i.wner muti sacrl-
ft"».- on ac<-outit nf other InveT«ttnents; a great
__ tarsaln. Call It <J. WILKK. !^« Maiket.
A— PAUTNKJt war.te.i. reMaurant. to attend
<a*h counter and help in jjeneml; $7i per
tnonth uuarame...i; i,r*fe r partner to hired
_h"::> BTENUERO 00.. 264 Kearny at.
A- 130: OE3»TACRANT: « the i Boest t posslblt:
beM paylnc north of Mnrket; meals 2'jc- es-
tntilUhcd for yenrs; splendid chance for man
>t »nd Hft, ETENBERO ♦(».. 564 Kearny st.
A ; jr.. SaLh.N; 2 l.locksTTf Market? 3 newTv"
furnif!:eil rooms, handh'-.nie bar and baxk bar
A-ttiO i : Hi •RSESHciici N< ~; "shop; be.t location
in clt:-: established lv years; clears over Sl'«
a month: full vnlue In stork: owner ownsi
the building, STENBERG CXJ.. 2C^ Kean.y
A -s4'^; CANI»Y store and factory~"wM^te7ii
Addlfnn: living rooa.; will "eiV'ny inven"
t -ry^»*«t c\u*> tra<l<\ HF.ALY. Sl7 Market.
roO-GRrxjER Y «nd bar"; "easily" worth" SlOOoi
fine Muck: good locatlcti: 3 nice living room/
. r T? tt _ t ? 7: aln - JONES OJ.. sc: Markrt rt!
CANDY store: living rms.; cheap rent-~furnT
ture: alckness. COWING i <;<_), v^ y.,,^"
ACTIVE rr.an to take retiring partner's place;
rmall capital; office business; no night or
Sunday work; experience unnecessary -<2-
Market st.. room A.
AI }' CO. will exchange, buy or sell vnur
business or property quick. '.2:. Market *st
KICK little business; living rooms; stationer)*
candy, notions; north Markrt. Box 1741. fall!
fill aale— Restaurant In one of best business
rarts of city; fine opportunity for right party-
nn agents wanted. For further particulars
a4dre«k C. H.. box 1232. Call office.
I7GO-CORNER grocery and bar: uood location-
all fr*-ish stock; 4 nice tlvlnir rooms; rent S2O.
Call McLEOD 4 HATJE. Mfc Market st.
tliO — FOR saJe; a flrst-claas candy and loe- i
cream i>srlors: very cheap. 203 Second St.
1110-FRUIT and vegetable store. Ul Oak st .
a l«ifi,!a.
TXTO-CHAIR tiarber fchop; must Fell Immedl-
atrly on i.ccount of elcknesa. 3^3\^ Broderick
?t.. near Onk.
FOR ws» ay. gra'.n. wood and coal business,
with horses, wagons, harness complete: good
location. Call or address 3130 Sacramento st.
!!'<►— FTiUIT aad grocery store; good location;
ilviu: rooms; rent 112. 412 Folsom si.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
J2T.O— CORNER taloon: 2 blocks from Market;
low rent: estab. place; coo<l lines) worth
J400; Investigation allowed. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
|m> GROCERY and bar. with 3 living rooms;
pood location; rent only $13 per month; rare
lain. M. LESS, 7C5 Market tt.
52f>0-PAHTNI-:R In manufacturing business to
drive wapor.; plant worth $:000: old -stab.;
pref. partner to hired help. M. LESS. 7C5 Mkt.
$SOO— CORNER grocery * nd bar * best P art ot
Western Addition: value In right; cash cus-
tom: rurh'.ng bar trade. M. LESS. 765 Mrket.
GENUINE bargain: no agents; old established
saloon for sale; wholesale district: cheap
rent: must be sold: good reason. Apply at
111 Mf.ntcomery aye.. carpenter shop.
RESTAURANT nnd chophouse: newly furnish-
ed; «\o!ng Kcx-d business. Apply I Polk st.
SW— OYSTER and chop house; a bargain. 307
Grant aye.
RESTAURANT— Good place for man and wife;
dally receipts Sl2 to JIS. 215 Mason st.
FOR rale — Good fruit stand; i living rooms:
cheap. Apply !!0 Eighth st.
SAI/XJN doing cood business; bargain If taken
at once. 431 Bush st.
SALOON for rale; on East St.. near Market.
Apply Jackson Brewery.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter: rent
an.l mere In work. •AM HENDRICKSOU
.v CO.. Cl 4. Call buUdlng.
CIGAR store and fixtures with Call agency for
rale; reasonable; good location; rent cheap.
Box 1574. Salinas. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CA SWELL I CO.S. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwen corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. pen till * p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubsctiptkma lias been established at 1P96 Va-
lert-Ma ft.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON'S.
BAKERY, also laundry wagon; fine top buggy,
almost new; bus. buggy, new; bus. wagons,
new. suitable dry goods stores. HI Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mission at.
100 SETS pecond-har.d harness; warrens, carts.
luKFle*. surreys and horses. 1140 Folsum st
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you bafflOnw disgusted with poor work
pend to SPAULDING'B lioneer Carpet-
bcaiing Works. 3T.3-S;7 Tehama St.; tel S. 40.
SANITARY Cleaning O>. for health and square
dealing. 3<2 McAllister st,; tel. South I'M
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, ni«r.. SS-40 Bth st.: tel. South 25t>.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest ralos.
ADVANCE f^axpet '""leaning Co.. 452 Sutter st.
tel. Main 3*4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 2c per yard; laid at Ic.
STRATTONS. 3 Eighth Ft..' tel. Basle T44.
jTe. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 249 14th
st.; cleanlnc. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; telephone East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
•>
UTICA cieanine and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office ar.d factory. 21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. Whtle entranced
she reveals every hidden mystery; she will
show you how to overcome your enemies: re-
move family troubles; retore lon affectlonis:
unite the separnted; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while in a. perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: s*nd stamp for circular
v.th *;eclal term* MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
I'jS Turk St.. near Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance,
tent medium: ■■- reader and medical clair-
voyant: treats all diseases; sittings $1.
MM!" A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. I Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
ARNOLD & DICKSON. tests to all to-night.
10c; sittings. f-Oc; ••■--. 2Jc up. US 6th.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; - ••-" up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. {"21S Misslon.op Mint.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist:
past, present and future. 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 12.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slat?wrtter.
330 EM* St.; circle Sun and Wed. evenings.
MRS. DRESCOL, card reader, palmist. Room
1. IPS Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA. of 5 Seventh St.. is the origi-
nal gypsy life reader; rea-lints. 25c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader nnd
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sitting-, dally. 212^ Sixth ?t.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 102 1 * Sixth St..
li> a. m. to 8 p. m.
miE. PYBILLE-Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2r.c: ladles. HI O'Farren •■•
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
JS— COTTAGE of 3 rooms; yard and basement.
I3i Ivy aye.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st . over Cafe /.Inkan.l— Teeth extract-
ed without lain by the use of electricity, gas
cr chloroform; aleo by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work nt reasonable prices; pure gold
lilllngs from $1 up; other nillngs from 50c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
ftllrd or crowned without pain; plates that lit
frutn $4 10 up; fesh colored plates from J3 40
up: teeth without platen a specialty; open
- evening* and Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for painless dentistry —
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates; thinner
end stronrer than rubber: warranted for 20
jeart; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. DOc; crowns, S3 50; plates,
full vrt. J.; all n-ork painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. BC3 Mar-
ket it.; cor 4tli. mi. 7, Flood Isj., you can
have your extractions <lone painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
S3 10 up; plates, extractions free. $4 CO up; of-
fice hours. !» a. m. to IS p. m.: Sundays. » to 1
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farreil et.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. S3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 op-
erators; no students. ?97 Market M.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dentul Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set of teeth. $1; crowns, J3; fillings. 25c.
SET r,f te-th without ; .1-. I>K II ol
YOUNG. I«i41 Polk -•
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: « graduate opera-
tors;open evenings and Sundays. ISO Market.
LOWEST prices In S. F.: work warranted ii
y&rs N. Y. Dentists. 957 Mission, cor, fith.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
8. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
WELL Dressmaking School gives a prac-
tlcal cour»e; pat, cut; positions free. ICJ Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. IS? Geary; dresses
made. !.'. up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
AfVORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
»ng. pinking. 121 V' st. over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'B Business College. M Poet St.; S. F. .
practical ccuraes in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and nilnli>B engl-
neerlnic. *tc. ; new &0-page catalogue free.
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute, Parrott building; be wire: follow their
_«jvlce; be thorough; life scholarship 130.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st . con-
ducted perscnally by Mr and Mrs Ayres;
_[^*_acholarshlp jV>. Includes all branches.
ALL students but two taking full course
this >e»r got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
_BLSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING achool.clvll.electrical. mining,
m«cn.. survey, astay, arrhi : day and even ;
I—t. UM.>IVAN DER KAILUCN. 833 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT la unable to fill ail .i e -
mandi. for her shorthand graduates, lessons
__pcrsonaHy and by mall. 302 Montgomery st.
THE Hitchcock School. San Rafael, for young
men and boys; Earner term begins Jan. 7.
ACTIXO and vaudeville people put on stage.
Halletu Lyceum Theater. 110 O Farr«ll sC
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6. 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
"EXPANSION" the order at DITRHAiFsTBusTr
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
DANCING, ballroom or statre. quickly taught;
prlv.orclasa. Barker's Academy. Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; most
practical method. 12"4 Bush st.
LAW schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way.Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
•TART right and the end Is In sight. PROF.
MERKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1003 Mission.
BOOK KEEPING, arithmetic, grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low 1024 Mission.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEL'M Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 126 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 6TC Clay St.; phone Davis 21.
JAPANESE Information bureau; "Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 19S8.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell st.; tel. East 416.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Kmp Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. Si) Geary St.: tel Grant 3«.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes place to assist:
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutler st.
YOUNG housexirl wishes place In small fam-
ily; $15; good references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and housework
girl wishes situation; years references. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Gutter at.
SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and
* seamstress; references. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st. -'i-j ■. :-■
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires a situation;-
test rcf. MISS II CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires a situation
as nii'-seKirl: first-clays German second girl,
best city references, and a first-class cham-
bermaid and waitress, hotel or boarding-
house, want positions. Apply to MISS H.
CULLINAN. 323 Sutter St.. phone Main s»t
FIRST cook with 4 years' references: under-
stands German and Jewish cooking. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 316 Sutter st. *
WANTED— By American woman, a position aa
companion to lady physically or otherwise un-
fitted to meat her social obligations; Is of re-
fined bearing, contralto singer and educated;
city or country. Address l.ix 146«. Call.
WANTED— By trustworthy woman to do
'housework: good cook and worker: willing,
obliging; wapes JlO to $12 month; references. I
Address 79 Jessie «• . bet. First and Second.
an Id lady— A Protestant old lady, trust-
worthy and' reliable, wishes a position for any
kind of light work. In a small nice family. ,
Address by letter to MRS. C. 431 Precita aye. |
WANTED— By woman, unencumbered, position;
as housekeeper to one or more gentlemen of
Handing; city or distance. Address box 14«7.
Call ofrtce^
COMPETENT German woman cook wishes a
position in hotel, boarding-house or first-clasu
family; city or country. 1024 Howard st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
washing. Ironing and house cleaning; $1. 102S
Caroline St.. near Twenty-third. !
REFINED young girl (15) wishes position to
assist with .ight work in exchange for good I
home; no children. Box 1472. Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants situation as cook
and general housework. Call :'S.'« Twenty-
second st.
i SITUATION wanted by a competent housework ,
girl: good reference; wages $20 to 18. Call •
Ml Howard st.
RESPONSIBLE woman would like evening's
work taking care of children, sewing, etc.
MRS. X . 2&57 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wants situation: housework;
good cook; reference. 643 Franklin st., Oak-
land.
COOKING, etc.: competent woman; good ref-
erences. 1202 Mission st., cor. Eighth.
GERMAN girl wishes any kind of work by the
day Apply 4C4A McAllister st.
WOMAN wants work In small private family;
good plain cook or. will assist In general
housework; references. £12 Bryant st.
GERMAN middle-aged woman, lately arrived:
Is a good cook and housekeeper. 2031 Fill- .
more St. |
WANTED— Position by neat resj>ectabl»» lady as
chambermaid: state wages. Address to MRS.
W. H. i: . general postofflee, San Francisco.
ROUND cook and help: can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen; English,
' French and German cook: flrst-class pastry;
| flr«t-cla;a hotel references. 242 Natoma st.
' A YOUNG nice Irish girl, understands German-
American cooking, dc-slres general housework,
references. 41S Powell -• ; tel. Main 5332.
WOMAN wishes work by day. 856 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to help In gen- .
eral housework: wage* $12. Apply 539 Utah
st.. bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
A WILLING German girl dtalrea a steady
pls.ee from 7 a. m. to 3 p. m. 418 Powell St.;
tel. Main 5332.
RESPECTABLE American woman, no lncum-
brance, desires position as housekeeper, com-
panion or any position of trust: capable, dill-
pert and faithful worker; city or country. '
Address J. A. S.. box 14«. Call c.'n.e.
GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day:
terms S3 per day. Call or write, 1414 Market
st., room 7.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. 100 Fourth st , room 7.
SJOO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, pianos, guns. »'n.-le Harris. Ii Grant ay.
DRESSMAKER from New York will make any
Style trimmed suit for $4; high-grade work
and perfect fit. 220 Eddy st.
SPANISH lady desires situation at do any
kind of housework: wages $15 to J2O a month.
"• Please call 1519 Taylor st.
STYLISH dresses made for $4; also children's .
dresses; reasonable; «11 work guaranteed; will
go out nt $1 2S a day. Call or address S3)
Fourth st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar- I
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 right: $1 50 to U
week: convenient and respectable; free bus'
and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ,
received at Call branch office. 220) Fillmore st.
: A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the I
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- '
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MA LE~
ITALIAN or French cook, employed for many
years in Florence, Rome and New York,
wants position In private family or hoarding
house; best reference. CAVALLINI, 8198
Montgomery aye
GARDENER^ practical In all Its branches,
good reference, withes a position with pri- I
vate family. Address J. W., 1029 Willow St..
Oakland.
EXPERIENCED salesman for the grocery and
crockery department desires a position; good
references. Box 1426, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as barber; 10
months' experience; work reasonable. Box
1471 . Call office.
GARDENER and coachman wants position:
first class at both; good hand at carpenter's)
tools and gas engines. TWITCH IN. 44 Third.
OENTLEMAN who has made several trips to
Europe would like to attend Invalid on sim-
ilar trip. Address box m. Cull office.
MIDDLE-AGED man with city reference wants
work; good driver. Btableman or milk; wages
$10 per month. Box 337. Call office. I
FIRST-CLASS hotel or restaurant cook wants
work; sober anil quick. Box 1465. Call.
ENGINEER, machinist and steamfltter wants
a situation In a mill or mine. Box 146.1, Call.
CARPENTER, also cabinetmaker, wants situ-
ation; town or country. Box 1453. Call office.
PAINTER wants situation; rood man; will
work reasonable. Address box 1234, Call.
BARBER wants place: evenings. Saturday and
Sunday or steady. K. HAUB. 757 O'Farrell.
F'.i. .-TO. APS butler and waiter from New
York desires position In club, private or
boarding-house; references. Address box 1227.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class gardener and
florist: make himself useful about place; aln-
gl--. Address J. H . box 145 J. Call office.
COMPETENT cook. English. French and i;*.;-
man cooking, wishes position In private fam-
ily or hotel. Box 1437. Call office
WANTED— Position by a first-class engineer
and amalgamator who understands concen-
trating machinery, etc.; references given.
Address box 1456. Call offlc*. ;■.-.-
MIDDLE-AGED man desires a position as
nurse or Indoor servant; good references.
Address M W.. box 1223. Call office.
POSITION as clerk, salesman or collector: ref-
erence, security and experience. A. Call
office. Alameda.
STEWARD or chef, thoroughly understanding
his department, with wide experience; good
reputation; sober and economical. GEO.
STALL. Rusa House.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 1352. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
BAKER on bread and cakes wishes position.
10C2 Harrison st.
WANTED— A situation as fireman on etntlon-
ary boilers. Address box 1445. Call office.
$: 00.000 TO lean on diamond*, watches. silver, seal-
«klns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky us. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1038 Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071H Market st . San Francisco: exam, free.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT flat; ( rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
FLATS 4 and I rooms each: rent reasonable.
$ and S4 Dearborn St., off Seventeenth, near
Valencia.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st.
MCALLISTER. Upper flat, 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
■ MODERN flats; Just finished: 6 and 7 rooms:
bath; basemt.: yard. 1929-1937 O'Farrell: reaa.
SUNNY lower fiat. 1 rooms bath; yard; water
free. 1744 Folsom st.; rent $13.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kltch-
ens each: first and second floors. 417H Third.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. eeal-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
TURK. B2OC— Lower flat. 4 rooms, bath; yard;
basement; rent $13; no children.
PLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, furnished. 6
rooms, bath: cheap. r.H'.- P'ltter; call 11 to 2.
m TO A L .
BEAUTIFULLY Illustrated book, by sending
address to lock box 643. Los Angeles. Cal.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes $2 90;
heavy mattlnz. We per yard; JOxGO Inch rugs.
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
St.. near Broadway: open evening.
TWO handsome bookcases and a wardrobe ; very
chen p. Room 93. Chronlole building.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
. range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In n-rnppe r . fnr mulling. $1 per year
FI-R.MTL'RE WANTED. 7~
W. E. CODY (late with .1 T Terry & Co.) blys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red BUI
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
, WANTED— SSOOO carpets furniture, etc; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllverstein. 1121 Market.
FURRIERS, FIRS, ETC.
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astraknn yokes, $10 to
$;o. ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WASTED — AGENTS.
JUST out— New Peerless Gasoline Lamp; easi-
est lighted; most satisfactory; knocks all
competition; agents coining money. Peerless j
Lamp Co . 21S Railway Ex. bldg.. St. Louis, j
help WANTED— FEMALE.
i*> TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
Wfdnesday evening at 6 o'clock.
C. R. HANSBN & CO. IC4 GEARY ST.
Tin waitresses, hotels and restaurants., city
n-nl country: laundress, hotel. $20; polUher |
and Ironer. $30: cook, private family. $30: 20 ;
German and Swedish girls for housework. $20,
J_." .; German nurseglrl. $14. no housework; l->
places, light housework. $10, $15. Apply C K.
HANtjEN * CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 restaurant waitresses. $«; 4 res-
taurant, $4 and $.'. a week; 2 chambermaids
and waitresses, $:.''). country, also city; cook,
plain wash. $30. American family; S cook. !
German style. $25 and $30; Protestant WSltiese
mid parlor maid. $25: second work and setitn-
strenfl. }:'.. Swedish second girl. }:' c >. German
s-cond sir!. $20: girl for store work, $3 a .
w«?«'k: restaurant cook, $10 a week; a large .
number of clrls for housework, city and
country. s:n and $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
310 Sutter st.
A— TWO German or Swedish cooks. $30 each;
cook, American family. $3.>; housework, San
Rafael. QS; Oakland. $25; Stockton. $2."). Oak-
dale. $:'". Menlo. $30. 3 in family; nurse. Santa |
Cruz. $20: 2 nurse*, city. $: > each: French
lady's maid. $1 per day. sleep home; young
girl to take care one child. $15; 4 second girls,
city and country. $20 and $25; 3 chambermaids
and waitresses. (JO and $15: woman with a
Child. 112, city. MISS CULLEN. UK Sutter. i
WANTED -Experienced girl for second woifc In
Alame<;a: references required. Address box
mo. Call.
WANTED — Salesladies for retail crockery
etore; rive reference and «ct>«?rietice. Box
1471. Call
I — ,
GIRL to assist In general housework and bak-
ery; no children. 3116 Sixteenth St.. near Va-
lencia.
WANTED— 3 extra waitresses. 608 Seventh st.
WANTED— GirIs to learn glove making! m
Grant aye.
RELIABLE girl for general housework: $20. 1
1515 Devlsadero ft., near Geary; bakery.
APPRENTICES on custom coats. BELASCO I
& HARRIS CO.. t4l Market st.
GIRL assist light housework; 2 In family; $10;
bet. 9 and 12. 211 Third aye.; take Sutter cars.
WANTED Experienced nurseglrl. Apply be- j
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at 1134 Post st.
WANTED— Young girl (14 or 15) to care for
baby 1 year old; sleep home. Call 674 Fulton.
GIRL to assist In housework; small family. 1
14138 Mason st.
WANTED— Young girl to mind baby. 120 Olive j
aye., near Polk st. '
WANTED First-class saleslady for cloaks and
suits; good salary. Box 1760. Call.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housekeeping.
Call 511 Cole st.
■OUBRETTE and Juvenile lady. Call to-day,
10 o'clock. 102 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT y. Un« girl for housework and
cooking. 2f.24 Howard st.
, GIRL to assist In light housekeeping; sleep
home. 432 Eddy st.
GIRL for general housework; Scandinavian or
German; reference. Apply 1*34 Taylor st.
TWO good experienced veetmakers. 1303 Web-
ster Ft., cor. Ellis.
GIRL to copy addresses; must be rapid pen-
man. Address In own handwriting to box
1462. Call office.
FIRST-CLASP alteration hands at A. CAIL-
LEAU. 114-116 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl wanted to help mind baby. 1562
Post St.. near Loguna.
j STENOGRAPHER owning machine wanted to
exchange light services for fine office. Box
1457. Call office.
WANTED— An apprentice at vest making. Ap-
ply at 517 Jei*sle st.
i $100. too TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. «<saj-
sklns. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls, paid |
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— 6 good coat finishers and 2 but- I
tonhole makers and apprentices. Apply 135 |
Natoma st.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. $1 per week. Eastern i
Outfitting Co ISC6 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and mibcrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 1200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the !
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- ■
tucky sts. Open till • p. m. .-■-■,•;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- !
lencla st.
HELP WANTED — MALE^
TAIIV)RB — First-class operator wanted for
country on ladles' tailor suits: must be rapid,
accurate, understand pressing; good wages.
Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.. corner of
Second and Market sts.
WANTED— Two first-class barbers at Barbers'
Home. 1205 Market St.
BOYS frorar 10 to 14 having large acquaintance
and wishing to make money after school hours
address at once box 122*. Call.
COATMAKER or vestmaker can have nice seat
room. 104 Kearny st. J
HELP "WANTED MALE.
60 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes
Wednesday evening at 6 o'clock.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 GEARY ST.
Teamsters for the Coast Road, free fare; 10
farmers tor orchard. $20: German or Scandina-
. vian farmer and wife. $35. see boss here; far-
mer and wife, $40; miners, $2 £0 day.
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $75;
fry ook. $50; cook for a hospital, country.
$40: waiter, country hotel, 125. C. R. HAN-
bF.N A CO., 104 Geary et.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN MM
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Wont To-day. 7 a. m
14 teamsters. 2 and 4 horses, fare $1. $2 day;
125 woodchoppers and tiemakers, see boss
here. $2. $1 60. $1 cord. 12c each.
shingle bolt makers $1 25. $1 60 cord
6 drillers, city Jobs $co
14 farm hands $30. $26. $20 found
6 boys for chores, stores, bakeries and fac-
tories, milk and butcher wagons: come. see.
6 CARPENTERS. $ HOURS $3 DAY
MURRAY & READY.
634 and C 36 Clay st.
I COOKS $45. $40. $*0 found
second baker on cakaa $30 and found
5 waiters, $25 and $20 found. .l head waiter. $35
MURRAY & READY. 634 and MS Clay st.
WANTED
WOODCHOPPERS
TIEMAKERS
BOLTMAKERS
for large lumber company, see party here:
tools and provisions advanced; good chance:
2 men to grub land at $14 per acre and chop
wood at $1 per cord
farmers, milkers, ranch teamsters and oth-
ers
waiter, country hotel 125
cook, country hotel $.",0
4 miners $52 to $60 per month
W. D. EWER A- CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class American gardener. $30.
references required; man and wife on farm.
see party here this forenoon; 2 farmers; 10
quartz miners. $2 10 a day; tlmberman for
mine. $2 76 day. and others. J. F. CROSETT
61 CO., M Sacramento st.
WANTED— Steward for country hospital, $30
and found; oyster man, $36 and board; third
cook. $86; waiters. dlshwanh«rs and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barbers" Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
of flee hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.: in con-
nection fine sitting-room for unemployed bar-
bers; letter referring to shops for sale; must
contain full particulars and stamped envelope
for reply; orders for barbers for country must
be accompanied by railroad fare; telephone
South :i. WM. HABERECHT. manager. 1205
Market St.. corner of Eighth, formerly of the
Revere, Eureka, Humboldt Co.. and Vallejo.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 151.
WANTED Reliable man for a permanent
place In light genteel cash buslness^wlll pay
$7.'. per month; must have $150 cash*. Apply
1011 Market St., room 10.
WANTED— Active, energetic man for paying
position on salary and commission Apply,
with references, from 8 to 9 a. m., 511 Mont-
gomery ft.
WANTED Solicitors. Immediately. Apply at
:' Hayes st., between 1 and 2 p. m.
ELDERLY man to do chores around bakery.
1139 Folsom st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at 631 Clay
street.
GOOD second cook wanted. Apply at 134 Third
street.
WANTED— Second cook; restaurant; $6. 690
Fourth st.
WANTED— Errand bey. Apply 128 Kearny St.,
room 1.
WANTED— Cook. 1012 Battery st.
GOOD restaurant waiter wanted. 313 OFar-
rell st.
THREE teamsters, two laborers. Fourteenth
nve. and N st. South: take Kentucky-st. cars.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman wanted.
Address, stating references, box 1743, Call.
WANTED— Strong boy for shooting gallery.
Call 443 lttiH.nt st.
WANTED— on repair work. 9334
Mission st.
* ■■ PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, f.62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SMART Industrial Insurance man; good con-
tract; 12 to Ip. in. R. RALPH. 611 Montgom-
ery st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2* per week.
BARBERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop in the
center of this city; reason, death or proprie-
tor: must be sold: rent $25. For particulars
call on 11. BCHEUNERT, 927 Market st.
$100.COO TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal-
»klns. pUnos. guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best In city. 408 McAllister
st near Polk.
MEN to learn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lecture* on dermatology: Saturday wages;
cull or write for free Illustrated catalogue
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 63.'. Clay st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. Ml Mission st.. b«-t Ist and Id sts.
SEAMEN, green hands and ordinary seamen.
at HERMAN'S, M Steuart st.
PENSIONS II SHEI'ARP A- CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
MEN and women to learn barber- trade at S.
F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 »cc*. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Ketrny.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a mom: 26c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
FOR sale— dark bay pacing mare (can
rat* under 20). 5 yearn old. over 15.3 hands
high, weight 1075 pounds, sired by Truman
(2:12». dam by Le Grande, price $200; also
almost new leather-top buggy, Studebak^r's
make, harness, etc.. price $125: also gent's
double-seated road cart. Frazler*s special,
and harness. $50; must be sold. Inquire 347
Fremont st., rear.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth Ft.: auction sales every Wednesday!
BPLLTVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
to HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1C25 Market i»t.. between Twelfth and
Brad}*: also seme fine matched black teams.
HORSES wanted: cheap: for fertilizing pur-
poses, etc. Postal. G. B. L., box 1454. Call.
FOR sale— 6-year-old horse of 1150 lbs., at 2335
Mission st.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
MONKY to loan. Insurance cut 25 pet.
$200; Taylor, nr Eddy. $350: Mission and 4th.
$1050: 20 r.. nr Chron- $1500; 60 r., near Mason.
Icle. $3600; downtown cor.
$27(i0; clean and pay-
Ing.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market st.
A— ROOMS; sunny corner; price $900. H.
C DECKER, MM Market M.
nOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let- send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK CO., «67 Market »t.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
1541 Taylor $50 OOfjA Sixth. 6 r $32 63
2324 Twentieth 18 11.17 Howard. 6 r.. 19 00
1716 Manon 20 001643 Guerrero. 6r... 18 00
RENT $15— House 8 rooms and bath; large yard
and big basement. 384 Eureka St.; key at Mi
Eureka St., near Twenty-first.
HOUSE bunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A' HOWELL.
10 Montgomery *t.
JESSIE. 353. ne*r Fifth— House of ( rooms and
bath, all In good order. SIS.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BROADWAY, IMS— C rooms, bath, laundry: fine
marine view: rent $20.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST-On Valencia st., ibeVT Thirteenth "and
Fourteenth, check on the U. S. Treasury fa-
vor John Cain; Indorsed; payment stopped
Return to owner. 33C Thirteenth St.. below Va-
lencia et., and receive reward.
LOST— Dec. 6. lady's open-faced gold watch
chain and ring attached; dropped In vicinity
of Sixteenth and Valencia sts. or Flllmore anil
Golden Gate aye. 3300 Seventeenth; reward.
LOST— Small brown Pomeranian dog on Sun^
day night Return to 1160 California st. and
receive reward. j
LOST /SO FOUND.
LOST— A roll of architectural drawings, at the
Palace Hotel lavatory, early Friday morning.
Liberal reward will be paid to finder at the
l*alace Hotel bar.
$2 REWARD— left at Orpheum evening
Dec. 2; dark WOOd, Ivor}' knob, silver ferrule.
3121 Twenty-sixth St., bet. Folsom and Harri-
son.
LOST— GoId ring; M. K. Return to 424 Clay
st. : reward
LOST— Setter spaniel dog; nick In ear; tag 2?i2;
reward. 51$ Golden Gate aye.
LOST— Some keys. Oblige by returning to 3M
Geary st.
I. - DY'S gold watch: Initials K. G. L. on cane:
Thursday afternoon, Nov. SO. 1 o'clock, wait-
Ins-room, ferry; rtward. Return to Call.
LOST— Round gold watch fob; valuable tn con-
nections to owner; S3 reward. 2914 Laguna.
f
LOST— Brir.dle and white greyhound bitch.
Return to 327 Golden Gate aye.: reward.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
> United States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid.
MEDICAL.
DR3. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ne»« aye.. 13£2 Market.
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge: cure at
office. $5; warranted; 13 years* successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. 11l Eddy st. near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable ladles' physician
and specialist; home for patients In confine-
ment or with chronic diseases, b^st care;
guaranteed treatment at office., S3; consulla-
tatlon free. »42 Pout st., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; hours 10 to 6. 7 to $.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic disease*, with beet possible care.
MRS. DR. GWTER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— 10 to 12. 2to 4 aa d
7 to 8.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden; medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENER.
phone Pine r,%\\ res.. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure $6; consultation free. 311 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 123$ Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific; methods: cure guaranteed; treatment K.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office. $.'.; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1075 Market St.; hour*. 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : at resilience. 228 Van Ness
aye.. S to 9 p. m.: guaranteed treatment. $6.
DR. WISH, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
at.; every case guaranteed: IS up.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist. 10234 Market nt
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. US Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
W. F. ARAM. ..lining attorney, room 40, >tk
floor. Mills building. S. F. ; tel. Main 844.
RICH Cape Nome claim on brar..*h of Russell
Creek; onr-half Interest for $300; by young
man in Immediate need of funds; full detail
on application: excellent opportunity for party
going there. W. F. ARAM. Mills hide . S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, :d-hand machinery- Me-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and »econd-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1022 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons', the
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you go to the right store,
721 Market st.. In the History building.
Charles Lyons has aothlng to do with any
other store. In the block, his name being la
full over the store (CHARLES LYONS).
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1043 Mission st.
ANOTHER fine latest style sealskin Jacket,
worth $200. for $110. UNCLE HARRIS, 13
Grant aye.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers. lathes.
Iron A- we .i: 2.1 hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
A REPEATING stop watch. 14-karat gold, for
$»; cost $20-). UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
2 SETS of heavy single harness: reasonable.
(Ot Mission st.
FOB sale— New National cash register; latest
Improvements. 1329 Howard st.
A— WITHERBY wood latr.e complete, almost
new; great bargain. EPSTEIN. «4* Mission.
SAFES— and second for banks, merchants,
rteamers. residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brlckdust. S. R.
CHUP.CH. 307 Sanoome st.: tel. Main tOSB.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers, I locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 2CO Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 60. BACIGALUPI.
'.'33 Market St.. San Francisco.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold W. C BENTHAM. Sl3 Kearny st.
A— s3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine,.
CLOSING out of 300 new and Cd-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
DRESS pants. $2 73: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery St.
FOR Christmas presents call on <?ORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 616 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe: new,2d-hand. Whltelaw,2lB Spear.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
tl«ts. or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS, counters. shelving. showcases bought and
sold. El PEN. 1114 Mission: tel. Jessie 1163.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 rages, sent to any address In the
United States or Cinada one year for $1.
p^stare pnM
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
GOLD quartz rock for Jewelry: $22 per ounce
for gold In It. 323 Bush *t., 3d floor, room 4.
WANTED— A water power milk shake ma-
chine. A. HROMADA. 224 Battery st.
WANTED— GoId quartz rock fit for Jewelry:
$22 per ounce for gold In It. 328 Bush St.. 3d
floor, room 4.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. K. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
LADIES' and children's cast-off dresses bought
and sold. J. SHverman. 934 Foliom. nr. «th.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without re-
moval: no commission; no delays. J NOON-
AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth-
telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me- $50
to $100,000. < per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages, estates In probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought* advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. (36 Markt.
ANY proposition; any amount; ( per cent; first
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential; advice free O E
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANT amount at ( per cent; Ist. 3d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get ray terms before doing business else-
wh«re. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
H i I . G . HI T /"P'ctable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates Baldwin Jewelry St.re 846 Market
st.; '*'■ Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
turntture or piano*: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 28 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to' borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest prices for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
{'' an P»; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONhLLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
On furniture and planoa without removal, quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
65 and 6». Donohoe building. 1170 Market st.
AT 125 Kearny. room 9, a respectable and pri-
vate ace to borrow mqpey on watches, dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON A CO.. 1C26 Market st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 009 Examiner bldg.
TO salaried men; without collateral or Indorser.
8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
$60 TO $30,000: lowest rates: Ist and Id mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged nnd you need
more money »ec 11. MURPHY. CO Market st.
______________ ___
mom:\ « \mi;o.
816,000 FOR one year; choice city property;
will pay good Interest. Box 1233. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase yocr medium and low-priced plan a
where they can be exchanged for a Steinway
within three years «nd have full purcha«*
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for M per month, and some g'vxl
pUno* fcr S3. $4 and $X per month. SHER-
MAN. CI.AY *• CO.. Steinway Dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and gutter st- San Francisco;
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»»
west of Chicago Is KOIILER A CHASE'S.
2«. 2$ and 30 O'F.trrel! at.; pianos, organs an.l
all ether musical Instruments of all grmd»«
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing poutble done to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. BOS*
LER A CHASE. 30 O Farrell sL
ALL makes for a short time only.
$« $4. '4, 11. U. U per month.
1 Chickertngs. 2 Stelnways. 1 V se _ Sons and
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade pianos; »pecl*l discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFO. CO.. 138 Ellis st.
ALL makes for a short time cnly.
**■**•**■ *«■ ** *4 Per month
1 Chlckertn«s. 2 Htelnways. 1 Vose - (tons) and
fifty others slightly used high and medium
**"»,£■ no " i: Mor *' "r*" evenings.
HEINE PIANO MFG. CO.. 13< Ellis st.
ANOTHER carload of the Decker baby up-
rights Just received: they are beauties and
v\W -^'J hat «P«'vat«s everybody. MAI'-
»AI . ,t9 Market st.
DECKER. Packard and Boothe pianos sold on
Market"** 0""*'"0 ""*'" '"""* " MaUVal9# - v*u *
at MAI VAIS . 7<9 Market st.
**■**£!! Bteinw.y. Hardman. Chase Bro-. •
and Decker: excellent pianos; great bargains
Room 13. Flood building. Fourth and Market!
GREAT slaughter sale of pianos on storage-
closing out lot of uprights JSO up:^ opJn \*r*nZ
Ings. WILSON'S STOItAGE. 1710 Market.
L n.^°/ : ." tt T k Of ,, u * M ' r »«' «a«l other standard
'""* •*"*
UPRIGHT: almr-jt new; must sell; call be-
t1 "*' 1 '■ and » o'clock p. m. 29» Sixteenth st.
WANTED Upright r»-n.-> tor cash "• *-
WHITEHEAD, 1710 Market st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauty and other pianos). Ita
Post st.; open evenings. !»•»»•. mm
CHEAP Decker upright piano, la fine eondl-
tlon. 1012 Polk st.
WANTED— I square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
801 Post st.
BEST bargain In the city; first-class upright!
very cheap. Call at 1131 McAllister st.
FINE Fischer & Stein way upright: sacrtflecd.
KEEFFF/S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. 11. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett — Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; caeaa.
HORNUNG'S. m McAllister St.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ. II
McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Rank.
SUPERIOR violins, sit hers, old and new. W.
MITLLER. maker, repairer. : Latham rla>-«
OFFICES AND STORK*— LET.
NW. corner Raker and Fulton; fin* largo stor«
with fixtures costing $600; an exceptional
opening for right party. G. H. UMBSEN' «•
CO.. •.4 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT large store: 4 fine rooms In rear:
large dry basement: suitable for any business.
903 Valencia st . under Hotel Dennlston. cor«
ncr Twenty-flmt: business center of Mlsttnn.
PALMISTKY.
HAVE your Ufa read without a question or
mistake at your own home, engagements) b/
i phone. Howard •'. MRS. L.
Plillso.N .*•„».
HEINRICK A. TIETJE— Any one knowing his
whereabouts communicate with ERNEST II
TIETJg. 1205 Kearny st.
LEDERER'S Qulntontca gave the beautiful
gli>es to that head of hair you admired so
much: 3Sc bottle. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
LEDERER does the halrdressing of the town;
good work; small price. :\>; twitches $1 up:
manicuring He: Koamo Shampoo 5c package*
try It. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONS. Patent Trademark
Attorney sit Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter St.. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
FREE SITTINGS FOR BUST CABINET
PHOTOS; no deposit: every Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday of this month at
MacLELLANP'S. 48 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms;
::-■ to »! SO per night; $1 SO to $8 per week;
tn— 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
5000 CHRISTMAS tires; sixes and prices to suit
all. delivered; order early. California Cbrtat-
mas re- Co.. SOt Sacramento; tel Main 1230.
PERSONS desiring to Invest In Nome mining
properties or lota should address box 1473
Cull office.
DOLL wigs made of human hair at La Verlte
parlors, 1140 Market St.; telephone Folsom 44*.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
1 f V' IS 1117 Market, bet. 7th and Sth.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llctte.l. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
ARTISTIC hairdressing. 2Sc: shampooing. 23c;
hull-dressing anil manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlors. 1026 Market st.. over Wonder.
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A. M.. Ph.D.. 1313 Linden. Oakland.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-br-ac. tools and
old cold: send for him. l*» Sixth st.
ONLY store th. buys old gold, Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. 500 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third St.: send postal.
PAINTINO and paperhanglnr: rooms papered.
$2 SO up. JENSEN - BATH. 33*. Sixth st.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialties, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 8 Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. fc'-e S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
j LACHMAN — CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast oft cloth-
In* call on B. COHEN. 137 Third st.
WANTED— OId gold for mantirg O. NOLTE.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farr* ll. bet. Powell and Maaon.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada, one year for IK
pr»e-tas:e paid.
PHOTOGRAPH M SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty.
catalogue free Cal. Carney Cn.. 21 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND ■UgsiIMSJBSJ.
DR. TOMKINS. ronneriy^of 1344 Folsom st!..
has lately returned from N>w York, where he
graduated from the Lylng-ln Hospital, also
Bellevue Hospital, and now has his of floe
and residence at 1.^32^ Howard st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOIt SALS.
AM. 8 PECK ft CO.,
857 MARKET ST.. OPP. KKAR.NT.
$110,000.
Downtown business corner, IST Ixll7 0; stores,
and lodging houses above: rents $0000 annually.
$100,000.
Ellis- st. corner: 80x127; stores and 70 rooms;
will pay 7 per cent net.
$32,500.
Stores and flats: modern: rents about $3400
yearly: lot toxlBo feet; I frontages; cost $60,000.
$27,SCQ.
Near Eddy and Jones sts. : store and M rooms
above; modern; pays 7 per cent net.
$38,000.
Geary St.. near Taylor. COxM feet; no better
buy downtown.
$21,000.
Mission St.. near Third; lot ♦OxSJ; best bar-
gain on Mission st. to-day.
$12,500.
Close to Market and Taylor sts. ; stores) and
flats: CO feet front; rents about $100.
S32CO.
Corner near Market st. : rests $1130 yearly;
store and flats; nearly new.
$ra».
Three new flats; vicinity Powell and Bush
sts.; rents $78.
tecoo.
Poet St.; 3 good flats, rents $00. lot 27x110 feet.
WOO.
Lot 100x100 feet and cozy modern residence;
fine stable, warm belt Mission.
$1500.
Near Powell and Clay sts.; 3 flats; rents tit.
A. M. SPECK - CO.. 017 Market st.
$10 REWARD for the arrest and conviction of
any person caught tearing sown our real es-
tate signs. GEORGE W. 11. PATTERSON
- CO.. l 70« Market st.
$23.000— FINE business property: good Income;
fiats and stores. Owner, box 1238, Call.
FOB sale cheap— 3 2-story houses. In good con-
dition; _; on JBta st . near Howard. MRS.
POHLKER.
-
FOR sals— Cheap, new 9-story houses; 7 rooms
latest Improvements; Mb* and Hill sts.- near
Castro-st. cars, patent sidewalk.A REAL ESTATE — FOR SALE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AN!) UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 11. U?9.
At 12 o'clock Noon.
A. LAVnil ESTATE
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Psrk ay«.. sn. I'.r.e. 17!. feet NE. City Hall
•*»■. let 22x100; tubject to confirmation ry the
c^uit.
ELLEN McNAMARA ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S PALE.
NE. c^-r. Oreen *an j Montgomery sts.; old
*-'*i « tji «-::»»-i.i* , Jin <.> .l xCj .&, — aul.Jw.t — to co&fii -
maUcn by the court.
MARGARET HOLLIDAT ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
No. 1.
PC. err. Halght anl ■• it *U.; J-ntory
building on corner contains atora, with concrete
J.a*eKier.t and 2 upiwr floors cf * rooms, bath;
iilfo two 2-story bay-window hou«es adjoining.
r.t 8 rocms. bath, each; rents 1120 per month;
lot te:2x7s.
No. I.
ta Fifth St.. SW. '.Ir.e. bet. Howard and Fol-
">a; store and flat of & rooms and bath; rents
IS per month; lot 25x80.
No. I.
!7JI Msrket St.. PE. line, adjacent to Junction
at Market and Valencia rXt.. ; 2 stores and flat
or 7 rooos&a, with. 2 +icu*ei> in rear of I and 6
noras «teh; let 25:11\,\126, running through to
far »tre«t.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
IC!>. 1457. 14SJ and 1441 McAllister st . near
F^ott; 4 bay- window fists cf € and 7 rooms and
lath each; rents |l! 3 pi-r m^r.th: brick founda-
tion, cement wnJk. and Mre«?t accepted; lot tCx
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
n S5 Lloyd «.. near Waller and Devlsadoro; S
l ay.wi^uw f<.at» of 5 rooms and bath each.
iT.ts 130 rer month; brick foundation, etc.:
Kreet accepted : W 2JxT>n.
MIFSION RESIDENCE.
754 Cticrrrro «., W. sl.le. near Twentieth;
ray- window house of 10 roomn and bath; newly
rcnovnte.l: f ;:»i accented: lot f.oxlC3.
REFEREE BALE IN PARTITION.
*»i° n °,* lnK P^'H-mien. by order cf J. C.
Oullln. Martin Stevens and John S. noils, ref-
rn fb 5' , M>u «">ce L. Asher. attorney for referees.
tC3 CaJ'.fenla »t.:
No. 1.
SW. cor. Sans-me and Greenwich sts.; old
lr?;,rovcmer.t»; rent 8«i j.er month; lot eS.»xIS7.«.
No. a.
218. Sro and 222 Lexington aye. (Ptevenson ft)-
S houses of C rooms and bath each; rents 85:
I>er month; street acct- j,t«-i1; let 60x70.
No. a.
Lots 18. 18, 10. 21. M 41. 42. U. 47 and 41 In
Mock 4 of Garden Tract Homestead Associa-
tion; lets 2Jx120 each.
No. 4.
Lets 1. 2. 8. 4. 5, 6. 24. m, 28. 27. IS. 29. 12. S3.
S*. Jt. r.6. r7. I«. 39. to, 41. 42. 45. 46. 47 and 4S
In block 5 of Gardm Tract Homestead Associa-
tion; lets 2J.XITO each.
t<ota 1 to 44. both Inclusive, in block « of Oar
Cen Tract Homcatead Aosodatlca.
No. C.
Lots 1 to 14. both inclusive, also that portlcn
cf block en S. cor. of San Bruno and Paul
ayes.. FK. ir.::kS. SW. 75, XTT. J8:ll^. N. 91:l ; 4.
In block 7. Garden Tract Homestesd Assocla-
No. 7.
lot in th* town of Calpella, Mendodno Coun-
ty. BY. c^r. Jackson and Second sts.. In block
1; let 20?x:i»; S frontaffts.
No. t
ft ay.;:! a county.
\ :::: Park ay* .. b«t Sao Jose and San Anto-
nio avefc., AUnseda; house of 7 rooms and bath;
rent J2. per month; lot EoxlT«:4.
No. ».
AU of Section St In To»n«hlp £ South. Range
S* tan, Mount Diablo l>u.e and meridian, con-
ttislng 045 acr< r. more cr let?, all situate partly
In the ccui.ty cf MaJera ar.4 partly In the
ccur.ty <.? Fr*-sno.
For further particulars only at our efflce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery tt. ■
EASTON. ELXjRIDGE & CO.
CS MARKET STREET.
BANKS PAT 8 1-8 PER CENT.
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
PAYS 13U PER CENT.
0 00A- ALL RENTED; « flats cf • and 4 rooms
and bath; all in rood condition: lot bkx
CS:» feet; on Qror« street, nr. New City
Hall; MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OF-
FER.
PATS 11 PER CENT.
11.530— S New »>ra.-.t modern flats of 1, 7 and 8
roorr.s *• . bath; en Central are.; lot
i:xi:7:« feet.
PPAYS (H PER CENT. flats of 7
hea*t ccmer en Fell street, opposite
..-.::.». ail rested: S new flats of <
:s and bath; lot !l:*xl37:« feet.
in'i OF MARKET STREET.
PAYS U PER CENT.
. —
r.l.o<»— On Taylor street: double fror.tage: «
flats of 3, ( and I rooms and bath, and
res'iene*; lot 4S:€xt<o feet.
PAYS 1» PER CENT.
H9.80*— 4 frontagw: 11 flats and 1 dwelling; all
In r • ■■'. condition; all rented; on Stock-
ton street.
6ot;th of market INVESTMENTS.
PAYS IS PER CENT.
HkBßo— Near Sixth and Fo!som etreets: < flats;
8 of 4 rooma and I of * rooms; separate
entrances; excellent condition; Jot tOx7S
feet.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
14.000— To claae an estate; all rented; 4 fiats, 4
anfl Cv* rooms: lot 23:9x71 feet; on Clara
strt«t. near Sixth street.
PATS :e per CENT.
12,065— Near Fourth and Bryuat atai I tea*.
me: oa lot I ttO feet.
mission flats,
pays 11 per cent.
♦I.CO— S modern flats cf I rooms and bath: lot
S?xCS feet; rear 223 and Howard sts.
PAYS IS ITR CENT.
" r.r •• : «»ll built flats. 4 and S rooms and
bath; near Sixteenth and Howard sts.
EASTON. TTLPRIIXSF! & CO..
''— Market street.
|R0 CITY poultry farm; good cottae*. 4 rooms
and lot: gees«, chicken and duck hounes;
cement flr>or*; nlr-ety arranged; banks will
lr>nn %7hO: a fortune and horn* for lIS per
month. Apply to P. A. DOLAN. «« Market
J.«X> - V.'.'liKl'.N 'room cottage on bltumlntxtd
street; lot 2t>xl3S; also a larg* 7 room bous«
on Pierce St.. near Halght; houses built to
rait r^rchacer; ea*y terms. Icquir* o& pram.
if*. F. KELSON, builder.
IK you have lets north of Golden Gate Park.
«hi of First aye.. and you wish to set them,
Ckll bti TV. 3. GtTNN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR I2TO <4 cash). 19 acres In wheat; 16D for
tfttO; :: • ■ at ::■; 180 to 2000 In wheat at fi:S
M. GRIFFIN. Tl> Market, near Call building.
IOn Pal*— On* hundred acres choice beet land,
one mile from Eallnaa. B. H. GRAVES, £14
Ilayes >L
rooms FOR lIOL'SEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office fcr the reception of adrer-
tlr-en-jents and subscriptions has been opened
at 1221 Polk st.; open until • p. m.
CLAY. 2421. near Fillmore— 2 larg* unfurnished
rooms; yard; water, rear; rent IT.
CLEMENTINA. 707—2 i>unny front rooms for
housekeeping; laundry and bath.
FIFTH. ll»-F!at of 2 runny furnished house-
1 keeflnf rooms; 112.
FIFTH. 253— S connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. 113; also tingle rms.. IS. 16 and IT.
FOR rent — Partly furnished housekeeping
rooms; blfo other rooms. 232 Hyde st.
FULTON, 121'» — Two sunny furnlnhed front
rnotna; range, water, large yard; rent $8.
CHART. BS4— Sunny front room, furnished, 110;
with kitchen. 114; no children.
GUKRRERO. 324— Furnished housekeeping
rooms.
HAHRIPON. 731— J rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping: large yard; bath; rent 111.
HAVES, 138, c«r. Van Ness— Front sunny un-
fuml*hed room. II; also single furnlnhed. It.
MINNA, 28— Sunny front furnished housekeep-
ing and single rooms; cheap.
NAT" MA Two furnished rooms for house-
l-.'-eptng; »___
OFARRELL. 20S— I nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms.
lOLK. 717— Two furnished housekeeping rooms
with hath.
TKHAMA, 44—1 front housMcweplnc rooms.
TJCHAMA. 351— Two sunny rooms furnished for
h«'Uf keeping; stationary tub* and bath.
TU : tK, Ml- Large front room complete for
li>>ui«eke<pin«: ■ M and bath; 12 60 per week.
tlM.fiOO TO loan on diamonds. watches,*llver. seal-
1 ■ **'"»• I' l * oo *. cuns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ar.
■'V CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received «t Call branch olflce. 2210 ' 1 m re st.
A nRANCH offlc* for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has ' been established at the
northwest corcer of Twenty-second and K.ea-
tocky street*. Open until >p.m. ' • •
ROOMS TO LET l'nrn. and I'nfarn.
A — BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
SSc to {1 per night; 51 25 to 85 per week, and
light houskeeplng; open all night.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk *t.; open until I p. m.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building. Ban An-
tonio; new furniture, hot and cold water, ra-
diators, grates, suites: when Been are appreci-
ated. 21 Taylor M , near Market.
AT Hi tel yrajvf-lcfo. -and —Taylor _ «ts.—
Homelike house; modem service; elevator:
bath rooms SCc to 31 SO day. MRS. J. KINO.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nl*hed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gat*
aye.— Sunny corner; well fora; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recei\e<J at Call branch otfice. 2200 Fillmore st.
EDDY, €28, bet. Larkln and Polk— Large sunny
alcove rooms; also single and double rooms;
all nicely furnished; clean, neat, comfortable;
gas, bath; private family; quiet location; very
reasonable; gentlemen preferred.
ELLIS. ClS— Large sunny room; suitable for 1
gentleman: everything new.
FIFTH. Front rooms, from II to 88 M per
week; clean, respectable; all sunny.
FOI^OM. 2043, near Seventeenth— 2 connecting
unfurnished rooms; lay-window; sunny.
FOURTH. i'22H— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
w 1 r. dow and single rooms; reasonable; quiet.
FURNISHED rooms from tl a week up by a
single woman. 17 Verona st.
CIRARD House— l 42 Seventh— Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and MUslon ns.— Sunny rooms. 'en suits or
single; ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 217, opp. Samuels' lace house— En
suit' or clr.gle; very reasonable. •
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rocm'.r.g house: II 60 to IS per week.
HOWARD. 715 — 200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HO W A ni). S»-Clean. respectable. :.'o to 81 per
nlChf, from II per week to 13; Howard-st. car
to the door.
LEAVENWORTH. 405. near Ellis— sunny
room to let.
MARKET. 1122— Two light front rooms suitable
for living or office.
MCALLISTER, 7021-j— 3 nice rooms for house-
keeping; also single and suites; bath: gas.
MINNA. €67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny n!«hed rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wit, mo.
ROSED ALE. 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor— loo rooms;
2jc a night: 31 a week; transient.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis tt.— lncandescent light,
reading-room. *mrklnir-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to II 60; week. 82 to
IS; month, 88 to 330- elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
SHERMAN .Apartment House, IS Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR. 601—2 elegantly furnished rooms; sin-
gle and double; gents only; 112 and 16.
TENTH. 123. near Market-Small light room
with running water; rent 13.
THE Oaks. 11> Third— A good rooming-house
for good people. H HUGHES. Proprietor.
2. J. 4 NICELY furnished rooms: rent to suit
tenant. Apply 842« Sixteenth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Foe 1 month. 8 or 4 furnished rooms,
containing 4 beds, gocd range and other neces-
saries for hou*ekeeplng. Address "COUN-
TRT." Call office.
WANTKD— By young an. single room; cen-
tral. Protestant family, full particulars and
ITlce. Addre«s box 1414. Call office.
ROOM In quiet nelghborhoM by profef«lonal
man: 110 per month. Addrv?s box 1425. Call.
SPGCIAL NOTICCS.
BAD tenant* ejected fcr !4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4K. Montgomery ft., rrnmi ?-10: tel. 5620.
ROOMS papered from 13; whitened. 81 up:
painting "••»■ Hartmsn Paint Co., 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES UfD SUPPLIES.
12 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. lii Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL hind* bought, «'>' l. exchanced. rented; re.
rnjrirc «t lowest mte«. M i«rOi *t.
STOHAGR AND WAREHOUSES. .
P I F. RC^RODoTIrn~iB ton*g^Vnd~Movlng "cot
Office 401 Pout «t.. cor. Powell: tel Main 5713.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned He; guaranteed 1 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Ontlonl Co.. '« r ' Keamy.
ALAMEBA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.4MKIU ROOMS.
FURNISHED housekeeping rooms; 38 and 110
per nth; neat and sunny: also furnished
flat. 1111 Santa Clara tv*
ALAMCDA ROOMS AM) BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUNK ft 1418 Stri.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TWO flats— lo rooms; modern; near station: t
minutes to University: price 82500: easy terms.
. Fun. Sc CODDINGTON. Berkeley Station.
I ELEGANT t-room colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.: just completed: porcelain
bath; finished in natural wood: all modern
conveniences: sunny frontage; terms If de-
»tred. M. L. WURTS. 17th * B'way. Oakland.
A WEEK'S r.ews for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
If p««ot». In wrapper, fr-r mailing. 81 p»r year.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
THOROUGH home; good location: for rent;
small private family. Add. R. P. 0.. Berkeley.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
l-RI ALF. REAL ESTATE.
1200 CASH. Jll 10 monthly. wIIPVuV a lovely
home; modern house of » rooms, bath, pantry,
ctosets. sanitary plumbing; large lot; best
neighborhood; lovely surroundings; car* pass
the door: sewered. street work all done; city
water; climate the best; price, all told, 12000;
let us show you this home; will consider ax-
change. H. 3. JONES, owner. 455 Seventh
»t.. near cor. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR al *~ 101 feet on Market, mon Twentieth.
H4 Forty-fifth M.. Oakland.
OAKLAND MM HIM. FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H f-"hellhaas'"the
furniture dealer. ;i-ti and Franklin. Oakiand.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ;
DIVIDEND NOTICE.-Dlvidend~No. 10 lie Der
share) of the PAAt'HAt; SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will be payable at th* offlc*
of the company. 827 Market street, on and
after Monday. December 11. IKBJ. Transfer
books will dose on Tuesday, December 6 18M
at 8 o'clock p. m. ' -- '
E. H. SHELDON. Sectary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS^
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State- cf California.— In th*
matter of Occidental Beet Sogar Company a
corporation, upon its application for a Judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70,422. I
Notice li. hereby given that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing Its office and place of business In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
dressed to the Superior Court of the city and
county of Pan Francisco, State of California
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Beard of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December 22nd. IS??, at 10 o'clock
a. m . at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number Two, in the City Hall of
the City and County of Can Francisco, have
teen appointed an the dsy, time and place for
the hearing of raid application.
In witneiw whereof I have hereunto set my
- hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this lOth day cf November. ISH.
ISeal] \VM A DEANE. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20, ISSJ. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIOKKAN.
Deputy Clerk,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6. 1899.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Henry F. Hubbard and Martha J. Pumyea.sl-42
Antonio Saturlano and Teresa Mannlna.... 3o-19
James R. McDavlttand Lena M. Wood.. <•
Antonto Fantina and Margherlta Jori 49-29
John J. McCarthy and Johanna Sullivan..
Reuben J. Gray and Mary E. Harklns 84-24
Herman Paine and Jennie C. Buchanan...
Dolph Dell and Jennie Mcnanlel 30-28
Charles a. Rabe and Mary Frlex W-Jl
Herman Esaac and Eda Brod 29-21
Samuel D. Simmons Jr. and Rose M. Hay.. 3l-19
Dennis Quill and ThereFa Ainsbro 31-25
IKTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS^
Birth, marrlge and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BLOCH— In this city. December 8. 189», to the
wife of A. I. Bloch. a daughter.
DE VKI/VE— In this cl y. December 4. 183$, to
the wife of P. A. de 'euve, a daughter.
BYRNE— In Marysvlll . December 5. 1839. to
the wife of Callaghan Byrne, a son.
ZENTNER— In this city. December 1, 1898. to
the wife of J. Zientner. a daughter.
married!
DAVITT— ■WOOD— In this city. December 5.
1!99. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. James
Ralph Davitt and Lena Wood, both of San
Francisco.
FOSTER— GRUWnLL— In this city, November
2*. 1599, by the Rev. John Stephens, Joseph
E. Foster of San Leandro and Maude N. Gru-
well of Stockton.
KOHLER— JOELL—In San Rafael. Albert H.
Kohler and Birdie Joel!, both of San Fran-
cisco.
ROSS— CONNELL— In this city. December 1.
1599. by the Rev. Father Honnlgan, John N.
Ross and Nettle J. Connell. Doth of San
Francisco.
SIMMONS— HAY— In this city. December 5.
1899. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Samuel Darrom Simmons Jr. and Rose Marie
Hay, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bradley. Maggie Lynch, Daniel F.
De Salsset. Ernest P. McCarthy. Jeremiah
French. Rev. John McOreevy, Anastasla
Ganter, Charles A. Merle, Isidore
Gardner. William Mltchel. Mrs. E.
Gaby. Jane Pawson. Arthur L.
Gillan. Thomas ■ Roberts. Emma
Oranger. Farley B. Spring. Anna
Hess. Edwin L. Sullivan, Jeremiah
Lambert. John W. Watson. James
BRADLET— In this city. December 6. 1533, Mag-
gie, Loloved daughter of Mlchaael and Mag-
gie Bradley, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years end 4 months.
DE SAJSSBT— Ban Jose. Cal., December 4,
1599. Ernest Pierre, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Pedro de Salsset. a native of San Jose. Cal.,
aged - 35 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 9 o'clock, from th« family resi-
dence' 243 South Market street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church at 8:80 o'clock, where a sol-
emn requiem mans will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Interment at Santa Clara.
FRENCH-In Oakland. December 5. ISM. Rev.
John McClellan French, pastor of the United
Presbyterian Church of Oakland. Cal., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 65 years.
CV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at his
9 late residence. 1366 Castro street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
OANTER— In this city. December 4. 1899.
Charles A. Ganter, beloved husband of Julia
A. Ganter. a native of New York, aged 'i'j
years and 2 months.
(□^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment National Cemetery.
GARDNER— In the City and County Hospital.
December 8. 1&9, William Gardner, a native
of Germany, aged 26 years.
GABY— In this city. December 4. XSS9. Jane
Gaby, relict of the late Elijah Gaby, and
beloved mother of Daniel Gaby, Mrs. J. T.
Fllppen and Mrs. J. 11. Carah. a native of
Wales, aged 77 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. J. H. Carah, 8932 Seventeenth street,
thence to Eighteenth street, corner Xoe. by
San Mateo and San Francisco Hallway Com-
pany at 2 o'clock sharp. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GILLAN —In Oakland. December $. 1899.
Thomas Gtllan, beloved husband of Elizabeth
aiUan, and father of the late Joseph Gillan,
a native of Sllgo. Ireland, aged 62 years.
C 7* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at his
late residence, thence to St. Francis de Sales
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul. Interment
. St. Mary Cemetery. '
GRANGER— In Alvarado. December 8, 1899,
Farley B. Granger, father of Mrs. E. E.
Chase and Farley B. Jr. and Clarence A.
Granger, a native of New York, aged 70 years
and IS dars.
B_7"FuneTal to-morrow (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, the River-
ride Hotel.
HESS— In this city, « December 4. 1899, Edwin
Lee, beloved husband of Frances Hess, a na-
tive of New York, aged 69 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 321 Eureka street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Laurel Hill
-tery.
LAMBERT— In this city. December 4, 1599. John
W. Lambert, father of Charles C and Wes-
ley Lambert of Eureka, Nev., a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 68 years. A member of Beatific
Lodge No. 7. K. of P.
LYNCH— In this city. December 5, 1599, Daniel
F., beloved husband of Lizzie Lynch, son of
John and Ellen Lynch, and brother of Charles
Lynch. Mrs. A. .to and the late Michael
Lynch, a native of Boston, Mass., aged 87
year*. ..
£7Frlends and acquaintances are resjKct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2« Sycamore avenue, off Valencia
street, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of bis soul, commencing' at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Crops Cemetery.
McCARTIiY-In this city. December 4. 1599.
Jeremldh. husband of the late Ellen McCar-
thy. and father of John McCarthy. Mrs. Mary
Cllne, Mrs. Carrie McGlynn and Mrs. Lulu
Edwards, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
£7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, Van Ness avenue, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
KcORSSVT— !■ this city. December 6, 1839,
Anastasla Agnes, dearly beloved wife of
Charles V. McGreevy, daughter of Michael
Wall, sister of Delia and Thomas Wall, and
niece of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Brown an. l
Patrick Wall, a native of Ireland, aged 23
. years 11 months and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 85*8* Twenty-sixth street, thence to
St. Paul Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 . o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MERLE— In this city. December 4. 1899, Isi-
dore Merle, beloved brother of Mr. and Mrs.
A. Merle, uncle of Alfred. Pauline and Isi-
dore Merle, and nephew of Mrs. Calre and
Mr. and Mrs. J. Blanchard, a native of Brian-
con. France, aged M years.
C7Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother, northwest corner of
Alameda avenue and Walnut street. Ala-
meda. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
MITCHEL— In this city. December 8. 1899.
Mrs. Elizabeth . Mltchel. a native of-Plctou,
Nova Scotia, aged SO years. •_
PAWSON— in Oakland. December 8. 1899. Ar-
thur Louis, Infant eon of Arthur and Alice
Pawson. a native of Oakland, aged 7 months
and 28 days.
ROBERTS —In this city. December 6, ll»,
Emma Roberts, beloved wife of P. F. Rob-
erts, and mother of William and Martin Bora-
dorl. a native of Pennsylvania, aged 40 years
11 months and 27 days.
SPRING— In this city. December 6, 1599, Anna
Spring, dearly beloved wife of John Spring,
and mother of Minna Spring, a native of
Switzerland, aged 49 years. •
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 7:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner A Guntz Undertaking Com-
puny. « and 10 City Hall square, thence to
Bt. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue.
. near Jones street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 8, o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by carriage.
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 4. 1891.
Jeremiah H . beloved husband of Annie Sul-
livan, and father of Frank and Leo Sulli-
. van, ■* native of County Cork, Ireland.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors 'to Flannagan & Galltrhe-).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. ,
N. F. Dethlefsen. ' Chas. H. Jacob.
CHA6. H. JACOB & CO..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. lIS
Mason street. between Gear}' and O'Far-
reii streets. Telephone.' Main 6213
McAVOY Oe. CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERS.- 1
- 1235 Markat between «th and 9th, I
FUNERAL WKECTOR6 A HMKALMERS.
123.". Markot St.. between ttfa .in.l 9th.
_Teleghone_ South "47. . . -|
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Thursday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late
residence. 843 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick' s Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WATS< >N— ln this city, December 4. IS9»,
James, husband of the late Delia Watson,
and father of Mrs. Lilly Cully, a native of
Ireland, aired 64 years.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
t Wednesday), at 5:46 o'clock from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
thence to Pt. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, r..mm>-nrinE at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment IToTy Cross cemetery.
THF monthly requiem high maaa for the de-
d me:nbers of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for the parents and
i Natives nf living members, wilt be sung in
St I'oir.lnlc's Church to-morrow (Thursday),
fct 'J o'ol 'ck
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John. Jane. James E., John J., Mary J.,
Thomas H., Catherine and Leo W. McGovern
to Herbert E. Law, lot on SB corner of Lom
bard street and Van Ness avenue. £ 110:8Vi. S
U6:2»i. SW to point N 223:10: 115.
Eugena Machol to David Bernstein, lot on N
line of Sutler street, 112:6 £ of Buchanan, E
26 by N. 112:6; 810.
Orvllle U. and Millie E. Baldwin to EHsh«i
Brooks, lot on 3. line of Clay street. 87:6 E of
Maple. E 25 by S 102:8*; 810.
Mary Blythe Joy, Rose M. Bergold ' (Joy),
Frank, May 8., Eunice and Emily Joy to
Henry Pleasant, lot on 8W line of Norfolk
(Nevada) street. 203 BE of Folsom. SE 28. SW
81:7 1-3. N\V 2s, NE 82:6%; 110.
M. Morgenthau Company (by Henry and L.
Morgenthau, Louis Schoenberg. David Kilns
and Simon Nordllnger, trustees, etc) to Louis
Metzcer et al., lot on NE corner of Twenty
first and Hampshire streets, N 109:8 by E 25;
also lot on NW corner of Twenty-first street
and Potrero avenue. N 54:8 by W £0; also lot
on SW corner of Twenty-first street and Po
trero avenue, S 70 by W SO; also lot W line of
Potrero avenue, 95 8 of Twenty-first. 8 200 by
W 100; also lot on NW corner of Twenty-sec
ond street and Potrero avenue, N 176 by W 100;
alto lot on NE corner of Twenty-second and
Hampshire streets, N 97:« by E 25; 81.
George T. Poultney to William Crane Spen
cer, lot on NW corner of Brannan street and
Center place, also 382:6 E of Third. SW 73:«
by NW SO: 110.
Estate of Cornelius Crowley (by Cornelius
J. Crowley and Sarah J. <"obtn. executors) to
Wolf Fleischer, lot on SW line of Third street.
260 SB of Folsom. SE 25 by SW 80; 17500.
Charles S. Brundage to Emma L. Brundage,
lot on SW corner of Seventh avenue and J
street. 8 100 by W 108; also lot on W line of
Seventh avenue. 100 S of J street, S 25 by W
120: 810.
Wool worth National Bank to Ellen
O. Phillips, lot on S line of West Park, 143:2
W of Park avenue, W 25 by 8 100, lot 25, block
4, Holly Park; 1400. "
William and Eliza Sharp to Charles Klein,
lot on S line of Green street, 165 W of Bu
chanan, W 27:« by S 137:«: 110. -v
Charles and Alexlna E. Klein to William
Sharp, lot on E lino of Lyon street, 62:8% 8 of
Jackson. 8 25 by E 91; 110.
James 3. Prince J., Frederick W. and Clarice
M Thomas to Statla A. Thomaa, lot on E line
of Lyon street. 125 N of Golden Gate avenue, N
26. E 137:6. S 12:6. W 15:7^. 8 12:8. W 121:10* i;
aieo lot on E line of Lyon street. 110 N of
Golden Gate avenue, N 23 by E 137:6; 110.
Statla J. Thomas to James J. Thomas, undi
vided third of same (2 pieces); 15.
George S. and Ollle E. Crtm to EUenne Joul-
Un, re-record 1537 d. 356 on W line of Florida
(Columbia) street. WJ S of Twanty-thlrd. 8 29
by W 100; «0.
Felix and Delfina Marcuse. to Herbert E.
Shore, lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 223:3 N of
California street. N 25 by W 120; 110.
W. F. McClure to Jennie H. Murray (wife of
Robert), lot on E line of Fifth avenue. 100
6 of Clement street. b 26 by E 120; 110.
Mar)' B. Beaton to same, lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue. 212:6 8 of B street. N 112:«,
W 240. 3 60. E 120. S 61. E 120; $10. !
I»uls and Rose Llpman to John H. Wede
meyer. lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 275
N of I street. N 25 by W 120; 110.
George and Susie H. Mtddlemas to William A.
Boole lot on SW corner of Jessie and Ninth
avenue, 8 300 by W 240: $ .
William A. and Barbara A. Bool* to George
Middlemaa. lot on NW corner of Ninth avenue
and X street. N 300 by W 240; 3 .
George and Suslo 11. Middleman to George F.
Lyon. same; 110.
Alameda County.
C. B. Boman to Marie de Labrouese. lots 7
and 8, block A. Mont Vista Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10. >
Thomas SUva to Maria Sllvslrm, lot on SW
corner of Sixth street, 150 S from 8 corner of
B and Sixth. SW 150. S 60. SE 150. N 60 to be
ginning, being the rear 50 feet In width of lota
7. 8 and 9. block 46, Petersen Tract. Haywards.
Eden Township; lid.
Isabella O. Wlnton to Grace G. Walthman,
lot on NE corner of Madison and Ninth streets,
E 40 by N 100, block 125. Oakland; also property
In other counties; gift.
Kate Hayes to John R. Perkins, lot on S
line of Grace avenue. 120 E of Los Angeles
street. E 40 by 8 100. being lot 4. block J.
Golden Gate Tract. Oakland: $10.
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Clare
Tucker Williams, lot on NE line of Santa
Clara avenue. 291.4 CSE of Oakland avenue, SF>
60 by NE no.' being lot 14. block I. Linda Vista
Terrace Map 2. Oakland;. 110. ..
Jane F. and J. West Martin to ■ Union Sav
ings Bank, nil Interest In the following: Lots
1 to 18, II to 27, block A. lots 12 to 16. block
B. lots 1 to 8. block C. lots 1 to 8. block D. lots
1 tn 9. block E. lots 1 to 12. 16, 23 and 34 and
N 30 feet of lot 16. the S 15 feet of lot 22, the N
30 feet of lot 25. block F. lots 4 to 7, 11 to
13 and B 20 feet lot 8. block G. being all in
the Stanford Tract: also all the land described
in certain deed from the Oakland Investment
Company to J. West Martin, dated January 10,
1-1. and recorded January 10. 1891. In 425 d DS.
lying to the N of subdivided portion of Stan
ford Tract and containing 10 acres described
as follows: Beginning at W corner of plat
23 Rancho V and D. Peralta. thence along: line
between plats 23 and 19. NE 1662 feet to com
mon corner of said plats and to S line of plat
17 thence BE Sl»:9, SW 1C69:2. NW 814:9 to
beginning. Oakland; 310.
William J. and Charles F. Gamble to Harry
J. Gamble, lots 7 and 8, block 50, San Antonio,
East Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Gustav
SchaefTcr lot on 8 line of Alameda avenue.
2.'0 B of Walnut street, 25 by S 150. being
the W half of lot 13. In w half block D, Lands
Adjacent to Enclnal. Alameda: $V'\
Edward P. Flint to Oakland Paving Com
pany (corporation), lot on SE line of Fair
mount avenue. 100.18 NE of Pearl street. NE
60 C 9BE 146.47. SW 60. NW 144.74 to beginning,
being lot I block D. Flint Tract; also lot on
NW line of Walßworth avenu<\ 154.25 NE of
Pearl street. NE 66.27, NW 128 SW 60. SB
1T7.54 to beginning, being lot 9, block D. same;
also lot on N corner of Pearl street and Wals
worth avenue, nw 143.17, NX 50, BE 136.03. SW
10 23 to beginning, being lot 12, block D, same,
Oakland: 310. .;• .. .
Isabel B. Abrego to Adeline Salinger, lot on
W line of Filbert street. 175 B of West Tenth
street. S 85 by W 12.'. being portion of lots 2 and
8, block J. Map of Oakland Central Homestead
A««o'-Iatlon. subject to deed of trust for 32S0U,
Oakland; $10.
Xavler Jacquenot to May L. Belno and Emily
E. Thlele, lot on SW line of East Fourteenth
street, 75 SE of Eighteenth avenue. SE 75 by
SW 140, being lots 19, 20 and 21. block 11, San
Antonio, East Or-kland: gift.
William A. Boacow to Amelia A. Boscow, lot
4, block E. Knowles and Potter subdivision of
Kennedy Tract. East Oakland: 110.
Nelia H. Bray to Absalom F. Bray, lot on
W line of Dalton avenue. 120.S W of San Pablo
avenue. N 155. W 300. N 156. W 8»0. S 310 E
CSO to beginlns. lots 60 to 63. 99 to 105. block 6.
Maxwell tract. Oakland Township and Oak
land" also lot on BW corner of Dalton and San
Pablo avenues. W 120:8. N 150, E 122:8, thence
150 to beginning, being lot 2 and S ft of lot 8,
block 6. same. Oakland: gift.
George J. and Mary S. Bettenoourt to August
Costa, lot 20, Map of Seminary avenue Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Henry and Louisa Michaels to Edwin C. Par
ker, lot 13, Boulevard Tract, Alameda; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F D Belxas. M V |O A WhIU. Sacto
R H Meyers Hanfcrrd Miss A White Baeto*
B Williams A w, Cal T B Henessy, ' Chgo
Dr Makenson 4 w, Cal H F Hastings Socto
J Fisher. R Vista J A Chase. Cal
C Kearney, R Vista C Francee, Salinas
"8 M Spurrier. Stkton Miss >J F. Palmta* Cml
A R McDonald. Stktn Miss H Knox Sacto
Miss V Ping. Eldrldge A Hebbron Salinas
1- M L Forgee. Cal J F I><-vendorf SJon
J D Hull, Chicago Dr W L Hood' Cal
M U Dunne A w. Bpok A J Larson Lori!
A A Cross Honolulu D W Burcha'rd S Jnmi
A W Mnltby w & oh. Mrs W H Wasset USA
Concord W P Thomas. Uklah
O W Jackson. Sulsun J D Flanagan Reno
W J MoNulty. Fresno T R Wenth A wr*l
A O Wlnhon. Vtsalla T H Hlbbard Cal
V F McHenry & w, O 8 Neal Aw cil
Bacto M H Orr, Stockton
A M Dewey. Wash G E Houskln A w Cal
Mr* W H West. Cal C B Dempster Neb
L West Cal C F Foster. Cal
J A Mclntlre. Sacto W Lean. Cal
J R Pl£g. Windsor C D Galvln. R«ddlnr
W W Black. HollUter W H Sollerber^Sacto
Mrs F M Buck. Cal T B Hall. Bacto'
PALACE HOTEL.
J Rosene. Chicago W N Armstrong Hon-
O E Medley. Ky olulu .*' a
J N Swanzy Aw, C A Hofrhelmer. Ohio
Honolulu • O Moore, 111 ' ■.
W 8 Daahwood, Londn F E Flattery, Detroit
■E A Bcua. New York Mine Cornllle, Paris
W W Foote. Oakland Mile Cornllle, Paris
F W Henehaw, Oaklnd R J purdttte & vr Cal
A W Kelly Cal C E Lonjfbottom. 'nj
F L Orcutt. Sacto ■ E Gulnzberg, N York
W A Gordon A w.-Or T- A Cutter. Fresno
P r Kelley. S«attl« . Dr W E Hubhes. Pa
C Dobblesteln. Cal C M Thompson. L Ane
C M Hunter A w, Cal T Flint Jr. San Juan
J Garben Aw. Cal O E Worth. N York
H M Andrews, Chicago \v Babcock A w Cal
Miss A Wilson. B Lake L M Janes, N York
L L Rowe. Berkeley - M Green, Chicago :
R W Anderson. Hono- Mrs J E Hawley Chlo
lulu ■ l A O Oac*. Ban Mateo
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Carlson. Vallejo IW F Cummins, Mont
C 11 Youn*. Portland it. W Benner. Chloo
I» C May fold. S V J H Stockton Aw hi
P McGlnlcy. San Jose IT Jensen. Vallelo'
H Wllbar. Fresno - ■ C Bartlett; Portland .
A L Hall. Uklah . . W Butler. N«w York
J C Behn. Columbia C H Moran. Chloago
W H Clear}'. Han Jo— J B F>f«tnan A w Los
X W Klaak. Mont ! Anreles
A W. McArtbur. VaUtJo Mrs II Smith, Sacto ' '
ALVARADO MAY
HAVE A DIRECT
LINE BY WATER
Sugar and Water
Company May Act.
ALVARADO. Dec. s.— This town has
been suddenly thrown Into a fever of ex
citement over reports that would seem to
Indicate bright prospects for cheaper
freight rates from this point to San Fran
cisco by rail and water, and In direct com
petition with the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
Great Interest has been aroused In the
purchase by the Alameda Sugar Company
of a strip of land fifty feet wide from the
Migar works to tide water. In view of the
announcement made by the Contra Costa
Water Company that the latter would
ship fuel to thla point by water If such
became possible, and, further, in view of
the complaints of the sugar people to the
effect that the railroad has been getting
all the profit for hauling their product
from the mill. It la believed here that the
sugar company Is preparing to enter the
railway business on a small scale by mak
ing rail connections of their own with a
water route to San Francisco.
The purchase of the strip of land men
tioned was made with the announced In
tention of making a sewer outlet to the
bay; but the fact of the width of the strip,
together with the dissatisfaction directed
to the railroad, has given rise to many
conjectures, one of which, that seems
most plausible, being that a railroad way
Is to be constructed.
Railroad rates have been advancing
steadily, until now the sugar company
claims that there is but little chance for
it to compete with other concerns. They
argue If they can reach the bay and then
by water carry their product to San
Francteco they will be independent of the
Southern Pacific Company. Moreover, It
is argued that returning vessels could
easily carry fuel for both the sugar com
pany and the water company at much
tower rates than are In effect now. A sav
ing could thus be made at both ends.
Atfaln, if such a line were opened most of
the merchandise for local merchants
would be shipped here by this new route.
John L. Howard, president of the AJa
ineda Sugar Company, when seen at his
home on Vernon Heights to-night, was
Inclined to deny the railway story and
asserted that the strip of land was pur
chased solely for the purpose of a rlsfht
of way for a pipe from the workß to the
water, by which to carry off the refuse
water. However, he was not prone to
discuss the subject or enter Into details.
YELLOW CARS WILL BE
AN IMPORTANT FACTOR
TRANSIT COMPANY TO AID THE
LIBRARY SITE FUND.
Many Surprise Contributions Attend
Closing Days of Ebell Ladies'
Worthy Public Mission.
Oakland Ofnce San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Dec. 6.
The yellow cars of the Oakland Transit
Company will play an Important factor
next Saturday in the Ebell ladles' worthy
mlsslon of raising $10,000 for the Oakland
library »lte fund. Manager Kelley of tho
Transit Compitny to-day, in a brief note.
Informed Mrs. K. P. Gleason. president of
the Ebell Society, that he has notlHed the
Postmaster and Chief of Police and all
the employes of the company of the so
ciety's acceptance of Saturday next as
the day when 15 per cent of the grosli re
ceipts t»n all the car lines of the Transit
Company will be donated to the library
site fund.
The closing days of the Ebell canvass
are attended with many agreeable sur
prises. One of these occurred to-day
when |5, sent all the way from Honolulu
by C H. Kluegel. was received. A pa
thotic yet laudable incident also was tho
visit to-day of a very aged man at the
Ebell rooms, who declared that he wanted
to offer his mite to the worthy cause by
contributing 10 cents.
The following pledges were also receiv
ed to-day and added to the list previously
acknowledged of $1151 75: Pacific Press
Publishing Company (provided the Grove
and Fourteenth street site is taken), |60;
George W. ornin. $10; F. L. Button, $2 50;
J. B. Merritt. 55; Mrs. Joeiah P. Ames.
J10; James H. Ames. $10; E. A. Young, $5.
To-day's cash receipts were as follows:
Previously acknowledged, $0957 45; T. Dor
gan, $1; a friend. 25 cents; Peralta School,
14; Miss Phoebe Smith, $2; G. F. Allardt,
$5; C. H. Kluegel (Honolulu), $3; F. Klue
gel, 10 cents; Mrs. George Hammer. $2;
Mrs. Edwin Goodall, $&■>; Mrs. Albert
Brown. 15; A. Kendall. $2<>; M W. Smith.
$1; widow's mite. 25 cents; Hook Bros. &
Co., $10; Mrs. George H. Wheat on, $5; S.
W. Condon, 50 cents; Mrs. B. J. Barber,
$2; Fred E. Knowles. $20; Mrs. J. D. Arki
son. $2 50; a friend. $1.
Children's lipt: ILlen Stone, 25 cents
and Irene Farrell. 10 cents.
For More Oakland See Pag<e Thirteen.
SPAT.ON THE SIDEWALK
AND WAS ARRESTED
J. L. Ramsuer Taken Into Custody
for Violating a Municipal Ordi
nance.
Chief I^e«e says he has concluded to put
a stop to expectorating on the sidewalks of
this city. The frequent complaints received
from citizens who complain that the mu
nicipal ordinance Is not being enforced
has led the head of the department to ls-
BUC orders to Captains Spillane, Wlttman
and Uillen to notify the men to arrest
any man they sec using the sidewalks
fur a cuspidor.
Captain Splllane's lecture to his squad
on the importance of eradicating the evil
bore fruit la*>t nighu when Officers Thom
as Murphy and J. C. Laws arrested J. L.
Itamsuer, a saloon keeper, and Fred Mul
lls, an lronraolder, for the offense.
It is the intention of the police to press
the charge. In the hope that if an exam
ple is made of the two men further viola
tion of the ordinance will be stopped.
PAST PRESIDENTS.
The New Association Being Organ
ized by Native Sons.
The second meet Ing: of the past presi
dents of the Native Sons of the Golden
West for the purpose of perfecting a Past
Presidents' Association will be held In
Native Sons' Hall next Saturday night. In
an appeal to those who are eligible to
membership the committee on permanent
organization, consisting of D. y. Troy,
Leonard Stone, W. P. Johnson, Milton 1).
Oar rat i and J. J. Jamison, says:
After passing through the chairs a
great many members lost their inter
est in our society and fall to attend
meetings. This association 1» Intend
ed to correct this failure and to give
to all past presidents an incentive to
continue their interest and become
members of an organization which
shall be considered a higher parlor,
. as it were, where it will become your
duty to constantly keep up your inter
est In the order and attend Its meet
ings and social entertainments to be
given from time to time as . circum
stances will permit.
It is the intention of the promoters
not to make this an expensive luxury,
but within the reach of all, with a
nominal initiation fee (possibly $1)
and say 25 cents dues per month. All
receipts to be expended for the fra
ternal, Intellectual and social advance
ment of the order.
.■ ♦ •
PRESBYTERIAN JUBILEE:
Preparationa Under Way to Celebrate
the Fonnding'of the Church on
This Coast.
Presbyterians living around the bay are
planning to ce>brate the semi-centennial
Of the founding of their church on the
coast by holding a grand jubilee. It Is
purposed that the services shall cover two
or three days and be on a scale large
enough to fittingly commemorate the
event, A rumor Is current that too mod
erator of the General Assembly and other
distinguished Presbyterians are to be In
vited.
A Joint committee, consisting of repre
sentatives of the Elders' Association of
Oakland and Ban Francisco, the Minister
ial Union, the Women's Society and the
Young People's Society, was appointed,
and Is as follows:
Ministerial Union— Rev. J. 8. McDonald.
D. D.; Rev. H. C. Mlnton. D. D.; Rev.
Thomas F. Burnham, Rev. H. N. Bevier
and Elder John Dunn; Oakland Associa
tion, Alexander T. Ross and C. E. Cornell:
San Francisco Association, Donald l£e-
K» nrle. Samuel — IrvliiK and Fitnit
Walker; Occidental Board, Mrs. P. D.
Brown: Synodlcal Committee, Mrs. H. S.
Perkins;, Foreign Presbytertaf, Mrs. C. 8.
-Wright: Home Presbyterial. Mrs. H. T.
Ames; Younjr People's Work. Miss Jennie
Partridge. Miss M. E. Boyce.
The foregoing committee will hare gen
eral charge of the celebration. At a re
cent meeting Rev. Robert Mackenzie.
D. D.. and A. T. Ross were appointed to
act as a special committee on transporta
tion and Rev. Theo. F. Burnham. Rev.
H. N. Bevier. Alexander T. Ross. Miss
Jennie Partridge and th* chairman. Rev.
J. 8. McDonald. D. D., were appointed to
prepare a programme and report the re
sult or their labors at a future meeting
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued Prom Pajje Twelve
AIUtrVED.
_ 4 ~__ . Tueaday. December ft.
Btmr Cra#o«nt City. Btockfleth. hour* fm
Crescent City.
Btmr Signal. B«ndecard. 78 boon from Co
lumbia River.
Bchr J Bppintar. Colatrup. M boors from
Iversens Laadtn*;.
Schr J B Tallant. Hofflaod. IS days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Seven Sisters, Raamuaaen. It day* from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Barbara Reruster. Anflndsen. 19 boors
from Fort Bragg.
Schr Chaa Hanson. Dannerir. IT days from
Oboe Bay.
Bchr Ocean Spray, Lararn. la hoars from
Irers«na Landing.
Pchr Lettltla, Wlleon. M days from Oray*
Harbor. •
Bchr Premier. Wa*ner. 21 days from Olynv
pla. Clallam Bay 1« days.
Bchr Excelsion. Downing, 91 hoars from
Seattle.
Schr Coqrullle. Pearson. 17 days from Oo
qiillle River.
Schr Occidental. Roalch, SI hoars from Ed
reka.
Schr Chas D PaJk. Brown. 17 days from Port
Ludlow.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, Daoeraber B.
Stmr Bonlta, Hlcolsoo. Saa Pedro: Ooodail.
Perkins A Co
Btmr Centennial. Baglea. Manna aad Hono
lulu; U B Government.
Btmr Pomona, Paraooa. Eureka; Ooodail.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr On Pang-. Toung. Honolulu. Yoko
hama and Hongkong: P M 8 8 Co.
Br ship Rahana. Roach. Queenxtown: Bal- <
four, Outhrle St Co.
■Whaling bark Alice Knowles. Montgomery,
whaling; J A W R Wing.
SAILED.
Tuesday. Deeenibes I.
Btmr Xewsboy, Warri*. Oray* Harbor.
Btmr Alex Duncan. Nropandar, Am «a port
Btmr Pomona, Parsoni, Eureka.
Stmr Newburr. Hansen. Grays Harbor.
Btmr Olpey. Leland, Santa Orut.
Btmr Washtenaw. Gtlboy, Taooma.
Br stmr On Bang, Toang, Hongkong and To- <
kohama.
Br »hlp Slhrerhorn. Gibson. Quaenatowri.
Whaling bark Alice Knowlea. Montgomery,
whaling voyaire.
Schr Nettle Low, Ixvw, Point Rayea.
TELBGRAPHia
POTNT LOBOS. Deo B. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW, velocity 18 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept 11, lat KP. lon 64 W— Br ship Stronsa. '
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEVrPORfIT (B>— Sailed Deo Btmr Fulton,
for : atmr Brunswick, for — .
PORT AMBLE— Arrived Deo B— Bchr Queen,
hence Not W.
PORT TOWNSE^'D— Sailed Deo s— Schr Lot
tie Bennett, for Hllo.
In port Dec S— Schr Endeavor, from Port
Gamble, for San Pedro.
VF.VTTTIA— Deo 6— Stmr G«o LoomU.
for Pan Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed D*o »-Sehrs Ban
Buenaventura. Alcalde and Z&mp*, for San
Francisco. Deo ♦— Bktn Benlcla. for Santa
Rosalia.
Arrived Dec J— Schr Melanethon. hene* Xov
18: schr Ltlllebonne', hence N0v. 17; schr Roy
Somers. hence Nov 15. De« ♦— Schr Henry "Wil
son, hence Nov 25; schr Jennie Stella, from
San Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Deo S-Stmr
Fulton, from Newport.
Sailed Deo t— Stmr Mlneola, for Nanalmo;
Btmr Fulton, for .
SAN "DlEGO— Sailed Deo Stmr Portland,
for Port Townsend.
Arrived Dec s— Br atrar Belgian King, hence
Nov J.
ASTORIA— Dec 5— Br ship Principal
ity, from Taltal: Ger ship Wandabefc. from Na
raaakl: nr ship Scottish Isles, from Taltal Br
r-hln Hutton Hull, from Hongkong; bktn
Gleaner, hence Nov 14.
Outside Dec s— Br ship Galena, from Cail&o-
Br ship Ancyra, from Callao.
Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Despatch, for Ban Fran
cisco.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Deo B— Schr Dor*
Bluhm. from Olympla; Btmr Westport. from
San I'lpkt).
Palled Dee B—Btmr8 — Btmr Brunswick, for • stmr
Went port, for .
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Deo B— Soar Repeat,
hence Nov 26.
FOREIGN PORTS,
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Dec Stmr Ban Jose
for Pan Francisco. Nov Stmr Saa Juan, for
Panama. Nov 39— Stmr City of Panama, for
Panama.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Nov 29— Stmr City of Rio '
de Janeiro, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Dec s— Br stmr Aoraogi. for '
Vancouver.
MANlLA— Arrived Dec 3— Br Btmr Athenian,
from Honolulu. <
LONDON— Sailed Deo 4— bark Marthe
iloux. for Ban Francisco. French bark Can
robert, from Dunkirk^ for San Francisco, put
Into Valparaiso for w\ter.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Deo 3— Br ship Foyle- [
dale, for Dublin.
DUNKlßK— Arrived Dae •— Br ship Jordan
Hill, from Santa Rosalia.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Dae »— Br ship Balmoral.
for San Francisco.
DUBLlN— Arrived Dec 4— Br ship Foyledale.
from Tacoma; Oar bark Plus, from Port Blake
ley.
HULL— Arrived Deo B— Br ship Flintshire, |
hence July It.
LlZAßD— Passed Dec 4— Br ship Ardaocralg,
hence July 11. for Lelth.
HONOLULU— Arrived Not 15— Br Btmr Cop
tic, from Yokohama: Jap Btmr Toyo Man.
from Yokohama; Jap stmr Yorthlma Maru.
from Yokohama. Nor 2*— Br Btmr Mlowera,
from Victoria; Br stmr Benmohr, hence Nov I
16: stmr Senator,' hence Nov IS; Br stmr Port I
Stephens, from Tacoma. Nov 23— U S stmr ■
Hancock, hence Nov 20: Btmr City of PueMa, '
hence Nov. 20; Nor stmr Thyra, from Yoko- i
hama: bktn S N Castle, hence Nov 1. bktn
Planter, hence Nov 4.
Sailed Nov BTmr City of Sydney, for '
Manila: stmr Pathan. for Manila. Nov 2(— Br
bark Woollahra, for Port Townsend. Nov 27—
Br stmr Mlowera, for Sydney; schr Okanogan;
for Puget Sound. Nov 28— Schr Oceania Vance,
for Puget Sound.
KAHULUI— SaiIed Nov IS— Bktn Newtboy.
for Puget Sound.
LAHAINA— SaiIed Nov 23— Bark C D Bry
ant, for Nanalmo. .
NAN AIM O— Arrived Deo I— Haw bark lolanl.
from Honolulu; bark Edward May, from Hono
lulu.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Balled Oct 2»— Br stmr
Bloemfonteln, for Honolulu. Oct ll— Ship
Ecllpae. for Honolulu. Nor I— Bark Alex Mc-
Neil, for Honolulu. Nov 2— Br ship Arlstldes.
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec fltmr Western
land, from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Deo V- Btmr Kaiser Wll
helm der Grouse, from New York. A
GIBRALTAR— SaiIed Dec 4— Btmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, from Genoa, etc, for New York.
NEW YORK-Salled Deo 8— Stmr Bulgaria,
for Hamburg: stmr Aller. for Bremen.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
lOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Vis S*o**li«* F*rry. ■
Commencing October 1, 1389.
IfROM SAN FRAN« T IBCO TO MILL VAIJj:t ,
AND SAN RAFAEL,
I WEEK DATS— *7:00. 1:30. UM a. m.; «i:e» i
•8:40, 6:15. 00. (to p. m. .
' EXTRA TRira-For Mill Valley aad B aa R*. I
fatl. on Mondays, W«-dr.esdf and Saturday*,
at 9:00 and 11. So p. m
"SUNDAYS— •8:00. •10:00. ni:IO a, m.:«UUL
|:1B U:t&. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentln.
rROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCIBCOL
. WEEK DAYS-«::S. •«:», 7:46. «J:4O a. mj
•11 30 J:l5. •3:49.'*S:l* p. m. . .1
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 1.40 and 10:15 p. m.
• SUNDAYS-*:*). '8:00, »10: SO, •«:« a. m.l
«li4o, "SIB. 4:45, •« :80 p. m. . •
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Qtientlo
rROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCOi
r WEEK DAYS-5:45. 6:46. 7:W. I:is a. mTI
11:85, 3:35, 1:45. 5:10 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:10 p. m.
BUNDAYB— 10:06 a. m. ; 11:06. 2:15 1:1%
1:00. «:46 p. m- ••-• «-•••«..•.»%
, THROUGH TRAINS.
IrtOa. m. week days— Caxadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and r-ay 'stations.
|:W a. m. Sundays— Tomales , and way st&iiaaa.
/^^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
aO&!4k\'- r r AR * V * ' Establish^
Vtff V In IHS-1 for thetr.-atmrntof Private '
•fiJJVaEI "I"' I*-'"-''.1 *-'"-''. L<mtManli<K><l Debility or
*a*aaß| 5 1 *? 1*;1 *; wearing imi bodyand niln* v id
VESrUI Slcln Dlseaiws. T rh»« doctor cures n-nrt»
i^gjaWj utlieiiUll Try in. Cbar .»! low ,
©r. J. *•. ULBBvf. 1 ■■■••*♦■• CaKorwrtt^,
l»r.J,r.«s£Bß«ir.al«xl937.3aaFraadsca |
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
-i_»-|_|-t_J- - i_ ,_ - -l uu ,jr,n_ Xj-on^ru uT.- - -"■ ~1l ~l ~
s«|-tiikb<i fMViyi<r-C«WPAJrK.
(r-ACino at STEM.)
Tralu !•■<•» <%■<! •». «■ •!•«•< la arrive) sit
NAN Fit »>« I*l4 *».
(Main Lisa. root of Market Strut)
lain - . raow Norm oca IX ISM. — nun
•7xOO» R<«!cl*. Haisiia and Ba«ram«nto.... »7i4»r
Cli%lia, Vacavllla and Rum .... »7t49r
•7i«** BhaiU Eiprrsa-Invla WUlows,
Rs.l BluaC Portlawl »7i4ar
•7iSOa Martlnsz.Hanltarooo.VaUeJa.Napa,
t;»!UUj»«ir*tT*nt» RyM •««I3F
•»<SOa The O*erlatul U it«U-O«dan. D»
fet. Omaha, Chics*-* *».lBr
•*!*•* Bau Joes, lit. -rmora. Burkina,
loo*. Haerku-.ito. Plar.rriJ*, ' • ••*--
M*ijit - Chleo, Red R!n9 *«il<lr
••iSOt *Mlleoa.Oa«da!eaod Bon. r» *4il3r
•»:••• lUrvartU. Mas »l 1 Way buttons. •• 1 ill*
••:•». Atlantic Xi as-' 'ilsn and Ran ***4«a
*9iO4>a tlaxUaes, Trie;. I^Uirop. Ulocktoa,
Utreedand Fresno Mill,
•Bto», PortCocU. irraio 34»)a**ai.i Los
•■-• Angela*. 'lil.if
•lOteo* Valle] Marttnezard Way6tatloi.t *otl3p
•I l:O0» Harwaxtla. >..'•. «.,-,:»; , i. *•■«»*
•|!s<»4(m Ni.-«, Llvenoore. lock lon, hacra-
nento, Mcc Jot *. liaoford. VUalla,
- PDrterTUhi . ••■Mr
tl:OOr ->»cr»mciito lilt^r H- - ,-n.r» t*i*4V
•SiOOr Fiarwardj. Nil ■ and Way Buttons. •»i«»»
•«ii»or Martian. Hau lUmou. Vallejo,
Napa. CmlUtuca. Mania Rosa... . *••!•*
•*:—r Btolete, VacatlHe. Sacranenlo,
WooUland, Knljhta I^adtoc.
. M»r|s»llle, Orntlllo 'i« <},
Mi3of Nllea. Han Joaeaodfitocktoo . 'TilS*
•i:—rth» Owl UmlUHi-Tracr. Fraano.
BaJtenfleKl. Hao jua for BaoU Bar-
bars, Los Anf .let *«:494
•B:S*r Stockton, Mereeit. Hreioo *l»:l»r
•3t3or Vreaao, cakenScM. f nil* n«ibars,
Lcs Angeles. D-rclnc El Psso,
New Orleans and Em. •Mlt
*lil»r BanU K.i Koute— Atlantic Eipreas
. ' . for Ho)»i* awl I jut . *«r43p
•CiOOp lUrwarda, KUas aad Uaa Joes *?<-Oa
♦«i:i«r Vafl«]u MXiiap
•«iU»rOneotalMai>-O r *raaiMlßaa« ••..»•»
}7iw*r Vall.Jo. l'crt CosU and Way »•> •->•• .
tU.ua |ldlf
••••Sr Oregon and California ICxpr*ia.Hao-
rameuto, M»rjnl..». lt«<ltlhi(. _
PottUm!. Tiifl H4mnil ami (Ml tll»4
toast UlTlsnn (sarroTr Gain).
(Foolcl Market Wtrecl.) _^
*Kiia4 Kewark.Cententlle.Haa Jo«9.Pelton, '
BnuMer ( < i*aa.Haii«aCnii War ' '
tattoos . ." . •at***
»*•!■»» Newark. CeoUrTUIe. ban ism, Mew
Alm»J-n. relton. HouMer Creek.
- BaoU Crus and rriucipai Way
i Butl.ma. tl*>«*4
Mil.ip Newark, b«o Jose, Ualoa tiMt
kill lap Unaten' Rictuaiun. f«u Jiaa and
WayHUtlona 7 ***
•CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mam W4IJUCO— fnl «f ImM Stritt .Slit I)— •
•7:1» 9.00 u-nviM. HOC # 253 t)N
•Ml 15;C3 •8:00r.-.
frtai CHLiIB-fMI —•* «0 co W0fl» «.
t na:3 '1:03 13 50 *»:C3 |4 00 »a:oorn.
COAST MfMNM , «aa«e).
(ThlM ami lownaaiil 8U) •
««ilOa Oceau View, Hc.ui.ti Mao Kraodaco.. ta)tt4>r
*7iOwa Ran Jute ami Way Buttons (New
Almadeu Wedßetdajaoiilf) •■■••»
•»tt>O 4 Hiii Joae. Traa Pinna. Hanta I'iui,
Parlllo Urofa. PaaA Rnbles, Has
Luis OliUpn, B>irf, Loajpoc aa4
rrluelpal Wat fltatl us *«i|«r
•!••«•« Ban Joneaa.l Way Htailmis •siUt
•llia«»« Baa to ami Way ntallona ...... tiNr
t3i«sr M»t'n. Iledwood. Mealo Park,
Palo Alto. fianU Clara, ttan Joae,
Tree Plnoa. B*uU Cms. Bailnas,
UonUreyaod Paelfle (inri tlOi9«*
Ililtr Ban J os« aad Way Htatlons *7iSOp
Hil»r Saa Jo»e aad Principal Way Butlove •t:|l»4
«3teop Ban Jose aod Principal W.yBtatloas «OiO<»«
*3l3ep Saa Jo«a aod Prlodpa! Way Hutlcu* 'liUt
•«:4«rS«nJoMu<l WayAlatlooa (IIM4
Hl:4ar San Jc— and Way H4a*i«>oa •7iS«r
A for Horutni P m A flsmua*,. "~
• Dally. t Sunday rretfteA. • Sunday aaly
6 Batarday on*y
CALIFORNIA ROBTHVESTEBN IT. COL
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiboron Perry. Foot of Market St.
TU &LX TUWIXL.
>:9CL 1:10. Ito d. m. T^nrsdara— Extra toil
* l A :W n. m. fiatordays— Bura trlpa at lii
and li:*ti d. m. ■
lTtrm>ATß-«:00. »:«•. 11*0 a. ay; l«. Ids.
B:00. «:jo n. m.
. . BAN RA>AEI. TO BAN r^ftJfCXBOO.
VrpZK DATS— 7.». »:», lfflt cut \ti«L
1:40. 1:10 p. m. Baturday*— Extra trip* aft
1 SB and 5 IS p. m.
SUNDAYS— I:IO. 9:«. 11:10 a. m.: 1:«. ■:*•, !:«.
■:X d. m.
Between Ban Fraadsoo an 4 Bchaataan Parti
same schedule as abov*.
Leave Arrrr*
Ban rranelsoow la Effect Ban Traactsoav
■ October. 14. -
W«*k Son- H)). Bnn- Week
Days. day*. IVrtlnattoo days. Day«.
T .lO am 1:04 am Novato. 10:40 am 1:43 an
|:tOpm •:» am FttaJuma. 8:06 pm U:I3 aa
1:10 rm 140 pm Banta, Rosa. TIB pm «:« pea
Fulton.
|J0 sun Windsor. ' 13:3 tm
Healdstmrr,
Lrtton.
O«yservlUa.
yrJPpm •<• am Clover 1 M pea ««*a
' ' TsW am Boplaad aad
1 MM am Uklah. 743 pm •:« pa
tut am I 10:18 aa
Man Ou*xß«rfl!a. T OS pen
•«• pa in pa
• :Soam 1.-OOam Sonoma 10:40 am l:»0ara
MM
• :1» pm S:00 pin Cira EUaa. 1:05 pm 1:21 pa
T4O am 1:00 am OetiastopoL 11:40 am 10:15 am
1:89 pm 6:00 ptn T:g pm in poaj
> — -.
r Bta«es connect at Santa Roaa far Mark Wat
1 Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
or Lvtton Springs, at OeyserYllle tor Bkaggs
I prings; at Cleverdale for the Oeysers: at Hop-
and for Duncan Spring*. Rlghlan<l Sprinca,
1 CelseyrlUe, Carlsbad String*. Soda Bay, Lake*
on and Bartlett Spring*: at Uklah for vlehf
I Iprlnxs, Saratoga Springs, B!u« Lakes. L*arwt
! >«ll Lake, Witter Spring*, Upper Laka, Pbaaow
>otter Valley. John Dairfs. Riverside. Uerley's,
1 )aekaell's. Saahedrlß nelghta. HullvHU, Orft
lot Bprinss. Mendoctno dry. Fort Bragg,
Westport, r*al, WUlltta, Laytntirtlle. Cum-
BBing •. Bed's Sprints. Barrla. Olaen's. Dy«t^
Bootla and Eureka. -
' Saturday to Monday pond trip tickets at r*-
iCoced rate*.
I On Sunday round trio tickets to all petal*
3s«Tond San Rafael at half rate*.
■Ticket Offices. «0 Market st . Clsronlela btds>
m. C. WHITINO. . R. X RTAjf. ~
Qcnerai Macager Oca. Pass. Ag«aa>
«
«
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
Tha fastest train, roantng over th« ««flt rail-
road, with the highest class aot^mmodatlona.
Connaeting train learn Baa rraaoiaoo M
Mop. B.
MOKDIT. WKBSXBOIT. fSIDAT SATTJIDAT.
Arriving la Chicago at 1:15 p. m.
/ rmiDAT. lUKDAT, TU2BDAT. VBDIftMAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day la the year. Pullman Palaa* aa4
Vpholstered Tourist Car* leave Oakland Hole
for Deaver. Kansas City. Chicago and the East
j:» p. m. ■ ■•
VALLEY ROAD
Between Btockton. rr*ano. Baaford. Tlaalla,
Tnlan aud HakerwlUld. ramiahes good lo«a]
train aarvioa. . ■ ■
1 .
! Ban Francisco offloa. at Market a*.. lalipbiM
Wain VAX. ■
' Oakland offlca. lilt Broadway.
, Sacramento o:Cce. VI J street.
Ban Jose office. T West Santa Clara stissjt,
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE. ROSSLAND.
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL,
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
THE ONLT LIKE ' OPXRATTICO ■ a
' *. through tourist car from 8. 7. to It Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered In leather aad
baa every convenience of a first-class Pullman.
Call on or address
T. K. sTTATELER. Gen. Act. « Market St..
. • Ban Francisco. '
MOUNT TA.MALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. Leave Ban Francisco via Bausal!to rarry. ;
. Week Day*-»:« a. ta. and l:«* p. m.
Buodays— l:oo. 10:00 a. m. aad I.l* p. a
•Caajß-aeatad. closed em- on all tralaa. ■ .
Far*— JfrasclJCQ to Bumrau a&4 aWtatTsj
■n
1516
THREATEN TO PREVENT
THE BOND ELECTIONS
Merchants Create Consternation
by Unique Proceedings.
Registrar Has Already Made an Enormous
Deficiency, Which Must Be Greatly
Increased This Month.
SOMETHING In the nature of a .
bomb has fallen In the midst of i
the officials at the City Hall, j
Tradesmen who for years have j
furnished the city government |
with supplies and are living In unsatisfied
hep* that some day they may be paid,
threaten now to make reprisals which will
throw well laid plans and prospects Into
'h»o,'. These merchants are threatening
that unlefcs they are paid they will f.le a
f-ult and secure an injunction preventing
the bond elections which are scheduled for !
the latter part of this month. While the |
merchants are not yet ready to carry |
their scheme Into execution, their threat 1
is considered to be cf very* serious mo- j
xnent, as lawyers and men well Informed
in municipal law are inclined to believe
that an injunction from a competent tri
bunal can prevent the bond elections tor
which such elaborate preparations have
been made.
While it Is admitted that the Supreme
Court has already decided that no obsta
cle shall bo placed In the way of the
people when they wish to mako known 1
their desires In an election. It is feared :
that the startling proposition of the angry j
merchants pretents a new problem not |
yet answered by the Supreme Court, j
Whatever the outcome may be, It has ,
even in its present form given cause for ;
a great deal of ofilcial unrest.
At the beginning of this fiscal year the
election machinery of the city wa*> in first i
class condition. The Election Commission j
owed nothing and the Board of Supervls- j
or* had only to provide money enough to
conduct the four elections provided for
during the fix months now ending. These >
elections were the primary for both par- !
tie*, the general election tor the selection !
of municipal authorities and the two bond !
elections which have been set by the I
Board cf Supervisors for this month.
For all of these elections the Supervis
ors made the absurdly low appropriation
of JGS.fcOO. Facts and figures were pre
sented by th<* Registrar to show that it !
was Impossible to hold the four elections !
for this sum of money. No more would ;
bo given, however, and the election au- ■
thcrltlcs had to be content. They had. i
however, one tremendous advantage. If i
they exceeded their appropriation they I
MECHANICS' LIBRARY
MAY CHANGE QUARTERS
WILSON WANTS POST STREET
PROPERTY SOLD.
Librarian Teggart Advises the Es
tablishment of Country
Branches.
The board of directors of the Mechanics'
Institute held Its regular meeting last
night.
.1 M. \\",>od haa been appointed to the
: *■ • ■ • - rttary
t. the
• sec-
Th© re
lo the num
. pared
• xpendlture
' .rd a OOtß
■ ■ :
e'i ln
n. rhalrman «t this
■ ■
I
itirary
■ -
wholly ln
would r+r
■ prop
■
■
advocated th" ]pa<«e
a lor.jt t«"nn of
•übn. i" ■ rrgular
KLONDIKER LUNNUN ADMITS
HOW SOFT A MARK HE WAS
ff s? BKBI I,UXNUN*. a truest at
FT I.VNNrN. and one of
Ban Boon «nd one of
ca*i«»st thing* . that ever
O ii t-wung out of the Arctic Cir
cle, put In an hour yesterday
In Police Judge Graham's court telling
what n soft mark he had been for
Henry Rurke. alias Charles Nile*, a
prisoner In the dock.
Th<- recital was as good as a fare**
rnmody. and his Honor and the court
room crowd were kept on the broad
grin at the Klondikt-r's confessions of
verdancy. Kunnun himself was BMP*
pHle.l to smile at the good thing he
ha<! l*»en. -.
Th« story he told was a long on*.
Ftartlng from the time he got In from
the Klondike with his pockets full of
du*t until he discovered the duplicity
of nurke. By chance he met that indi
vidual one day. and Burke, after mak
ing the Klondlker believe he was an
ex-soldier back from Manila, com
menced operations by touching I,un
nun for the price of a Bhave. He fol
lowed this up by dining with the miner
«nd sleeping with him. putting up far
the bed and board a woeful taJe of
longtime starvation.
Next morning., as I*unnun said, he
routed cut Burke, gave, him a dollar
and told him to hunt for work. The.
ex-soldlcr came back, saying he had
found It. borrowing $5 on the strength
of his representations and keeping up
his little touches on various flimsy
pretexts, all of which have since been
were absolutely sure of being paid. The
law provides that all salaries shall be
paid out of the general fund, and It makes
no difference out of what fiscal year the
money shall be paid. It Is different under
the consolidation act with merchants.
They must be paid out of the funds of the
fiscal year in which the Indebtedness was
incurred.
Having this advantage the election au
thorities proceeded, knowing, however,
that they would far exceed the appropria
tion made for them. They were perfectly
correct in their estimates. The primary
elation cost $12,000 and the peneral elec
tion cost JiC.O&O. a total of $104,000. The
Election Commission has already exceed
ed Its appropriation therefore, by $37,500
and the bond elections have not yet been
held. It is estimated that both of them
will cost a total of $3C'.O>.K). hut it Is safe to
■ay that they will cost more.
Whatever they coal they will simply
add to the deficiency of $37,500 already
created. The total deficiency will con
sequently be at least $C7,f>oo, which is more
than the entire appropriation for the gen
eral ejections. This money must be paid
out of the general fund and the army of
tradesmen who furnish supplies to the
prisons and hospitals and all other muni
cipal departments must skirmish for their
money.
The merchants realize very clearly that
the craeh will not come until the end of
the fiscal year. A bitter experience has
taught them this fact and they ure not
anxious to repeat It. They intend, there
tore, to prevent the bond elections if they
can by injunction. They understand the
difficulty of doing This. t»ut if they carry
their threat into execution they an at
least crer.te trouble. In a measure they
have been mollified by a promise that In
the near future provision will be made for
them by a bond Issue.
They have seen how hopeless it is to
expect payment for supplies furnished In
previous fiscal years. No relief has been
given by special legislation and none ha*
been found in actions before the courts.
It has been proposed, therefore, that the
aggregated bills of merchants against the
city be paid by an Issue of bonds. This
may ward off the threatened attack of the
tradesmen, but If it does not an interest
ing time may be expected between now
and the day set for the first bond elec
tion.
ing. which takes place on Saturday. After
discussing the matter it was decided that
eeverai typewritten copies of the report
be distributed to members of the board,
who would then be able to give the mat
ter the consideration its Importance de
served.
A communication from Librarian Fred
erick Toggart was then read proposing
that th« board establish branch libraries
in country towns which have no such in
stitutions. Mr. Tergart sußgested that
each member ho allowed four books a
week, which when finished would be
passed on .to the next town and so on
forming a circulating library like those
operated successfully in the East The
manor will be referred to the library
committee. r
Slashed Her Own Wrist.
A woman named Mattie Foy attempted
suicide In a saloon at 103 Grant avenue
early Tuesday morning by slashing her
wrist. Her life was saved by the prompt
action of George Blomqulst. who happen
ed to be In the place. After her effort
proved futile the woman rushed from the
place and entered the saloon kept by
Billy Abbott, where she was arrested by
Police Officers Edwards and Geimann
; and taken to the California street sta
tion.
Robbed by a Woman.
Late Rtaturday night a Klondike nam
ed Wellington Mazza was robbed by a
woman named Ford on California street.
between Dupont and K<arny. The matter
was reported to the California police sta
tion and officers are looking for the
woman.
Mazza. who accumulated considerable
money while In the Northern mining re
gion, came to this city ■ short time ago
Saturday night he left his hotel and vis
ited snme of the saloons in th« vicinity
of Dupont and Pine street. He drank con
proved false. He became bolder and
got Lunnun to give him $11, with which
he redeemed his watch, after which
operation he borrowed $13 more from
the Klondlker. Later on he made sev
eral other descents on the miner's
pocketbook, finally concluding, the wit
new said, by robbing him of $23 in gold
coin and $50 worth of nuggets as he
slept In his room at the Russ House.
The oddest part of the story is that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 6. 1899.
COLORED SOLDIER GOES TO JAIL
AND HIS CAPTAIN MAY FOLLOW
«jr=> NDREW JACKSON*, private In
II Company K. Forty-ninth (col
fL — i\ ored> Volunteer Infantry, was
jj W held to answer yesterday by
Police Judire Conlan for shoot
ing with Intent to kill Patrolmen Ern
est Alexander and Edward Stanton.
whom he attacked Thanksgiving nipht
with a Krriß-Jonjenfon. His bail was
fixed at 8000, In default of which he
nt to jail. Before he reached
his cell a w s Issued for the
arrest of Captain Hamilton Blount of
::,pany for intimidating and pun
ishing witnesses subpenaed to testify
Kson.
Judpe Conlan made the order for the
Issuance of the warrant for Captain
.:it.
"It Is plain to me." said he. "that
Captain Blount has been interfering
with the processes of this court. The
testimony of two witnesses here, Dan
iel Jackson and Henry Morris, is that
they are under arre9t as a result of
having testified at this hearing. Yes
terday m"rnlnp, when Captain Blount
was on the stand here, he was alto
gether too haughty. It was under his
order then that Daniel Jackson re
mained away from court. Mr. < 'Jerk.
warrant for the arrest of Cap
t;iln Blount under section V.S of the-
Tenal Code. He may learn that If they
have a guardhouse at the Presidio, we
have a stronger one in the city."
The hearing of Andrew Jackson, con
tinued from the day before, was re
sumed yesterday morning, the prose
cution putting on a colored soldier
known as "Jesse James" to corrob
orate Officers Alexander's and Stan
ton'l Ftatement that Jackson was the
■olAter who had tired the shots ut Urn
policemen. James said he was with
Jackson a few minutes before the
shooting and had had a quarrel with
the defendant, who expressed a desire
to fill his brains with bullets. James
saw the officers have their encounter
with the drunken soldier and saw him
po Into and come out of the Presidio
with a rifle.
"I heard three shots." he said, "and
-. 'There goes Mister Krag-
Jorg." "
rney Curti!«. whfi has represent
ed any number of soldiers in the Police
Court with, he claims, no profit to
himself, waa attorney for the defend
slderable and was joined by a woman at
the entrance of Bacon place. He accom
panied her to several 6aloons and later the
pair started up California street. Mazza
lost the woman a short time afterward
and when he felt for his purse he found
that it had disappeared together with $01.
which It contained.
Dr. Parker' Cough Cur*. One do»* will Wop
a couch. »v»r fall? Try It. All drußgliU. •
Unknown Drowned.
An unknown man about six feet tall
and weighing in the neighborhood of iOu
pounds was found floating In the bay yes
terday afternoon near section 3 of the
seawall. The body was dressed in nine,
clothing with heavy blue flannel overshirt
and brogan shoe*. The body had been in
the water obout two or three weeks.
dealing with the arrest of Burke, alias
Nlles. Two nights after the robbery
Lunnun and a fellow Klon.liker. Wil
liam H. Klnn. met Burke, all togged
out In new clothes, on O'Farrel'.
"I nipss you'rp dressing up on my
money," saJd Lunnun.
'What do you mean?" asked Burke.
"I mean that I've a good notion to
call a policeman and have you arrest
ed." replied the Klondlker.
"You needn't do that." said Burke.
"I don't know what you mean, but I'll
go along with you."
Burke objected, however, to going on
Market street, and proposed that they
proceed to the City Hall by way of
the side streets. Tho mute was
changed accordingly and they got to
Hyde and McAllister streets. Lunnun
left Burke In charge of Finn and went
for a policeman, returning with Offl
oer HlKhtower. who took the young
man Into custody and chared him
with grand larceny. "While Lvuurao
W*M X' n«- for the policeman Finn no
tload Hurke tnk*» some things from his
jincket and throw them away. It was
afterward found that they were skele
ton keys.
It having been proved to the (satis
faction of the court that all the stories
told by Hurke to Lunnun were lies and
the testimony going to show that he
had "rolled" as well as touched the
Klondlktr. Judge CJraham held him to
nnswer for grand larceny, with bail
fixed in the sum of $2000.
ant and put him on the stand, where
for the next fifteen minutes he pro
ceeded to take everybody's breath by
telling an apparently straightforward
story, denying everything. He said
he was sober Thanksgiving night: that
he went to bed at 9 o'clock and did not
get up till morning: that he wasn't in
Al White's saloon; that all the soldier
witnesses were perjuring themselves
to get even with him. and that the
officers were mistaken when they said
they had seen him that night.
"Down in Bat row." he said, explain
ing the genesis of the enmities against
him, "dere was twenty crap games
goln*. I 6hot dice one afternoon and
win UK fum D.m Jackson; dat night I
win $2 fum Jesse James. Both tried
to borrow fum me, but I wouldn t
loan, 'cos I had tc sen" money home.
Den day swo' to git eben wid me."
Jackson said Morris was pore on him
because he had been stationed as
guard over that soldier when be was
degraded to the ranks. He then denied
that he wore a khaki uniform on the
night of the shooting, and as pr"<>f
that he could not have t><rn the man
he testified that he was the sharp
shooter of his company.
"You mean to say." said the court,
"that if you had been shooting at the
policemen you would have hit them."
"Dats wat I moan, Jedge. But I
didn't shoot at 'em. I came here to
go to Manila to shoot ma country's
enemies, not to kill p'licemen."
Attorney Curtis paid he had caused
Bubprnaes to issue for a number of
tentmates of the defendant, who. he
was informed, would testify that they
paw Jarkson asleep in camp at tha
time the witnesses for the prosecution
paid he was shooting at the patrol
men. They failed to respond when
MRS. PHELAN'S
LONG LIFE IS
EBBING AWAY
Mayor Watches by
Her Deathbed.
DAUGHTERS NOT AT HOME
FAMILY HAD ARRANGED A
CHRISTMAS REUNION.
♦
The Banquet to the Municipal
Officers-Elect Has Been Post
poned Indefinitely by Mayor
Phelan.
•
Mr.". James Phelan. mother of the
Mayor, suffered a serious relapse early
yesterday ni<irnlng, and her physicians at
once declared that there was no hope of
her recorerjr. Throughout the day she i
lay unconscious, between life and death. I
hut last night a slight relief of the ex
treme congestion was noted, although the
doctors would not acknowledge that it
was ground for hope.
The severe illness of Mrs. Phelan is |
especially unhappy at this time, as a
grand family reunion had been planned
for Christmas. At present none of the
children axe home, with the exception of
the Mayor. Miss Mollie Phelan has been
in Europe for over two years and left
Hamburg last Saturday for home. Mrs.
F. J. Sullivan, the other daughter, has
left for New York to meet her sister, and
they cannot return, under the most fa
vorable circumstances, for at least a
week.
Mr?. Phelan has been seriously ill for»
some weeks, and on more than one oc
casion her life was despaired of, but no ■
attack has h.-cn so severe as that of yes- ;
terday morning. Drs. Bazet and Devlin i
and Mayor I'h. Lan were at the dying wo
man s bedside throughout the day and in
the evening their watch was joined in by
J-olonel Ktil ll van, secretary of the Mayor
Ihe greatest anxiety of the family
was in regard to the absent daughters
and that the* might return in time to
Be* their mother In life once more.
Mrs. Phelan has lived In San Francisco
and Its vicinity since pioneer day? Her
5 husband camV to the mines in 1M«
and shortly afterward he went East and
married bringing Mrs. Phelan to this
City, where she has mostly resided ever
since tor many years »f 6 has divided !
ncr time between the fam residence on
\alencla street and her place in San Ma
teo (. OUntr. Slip has never been desirous
°L P" bll< :lt. v . mid even her many acts of !
charity have 1,, on devoid of any osten- !
atlon Mrs. Phelan's affiliation with fit.
Irnatlus Omrch is probably of longer l
duration than that of any odher member
she having born for years a pewholder
n the old building on Market street that
■led the handsome structure on
Hayes street. S-he haw made many gifts
to St. Ignatius and until his death two
years SCO, her favorite priest was Father
MUraskey, who was her spiritual adviser
for a generation. It was at St. Ignatius
that Mayor I'helan was educated, and
until a few weeks ago Mrs. Phelan w.-is
a regular attendant at the church that
contained for her so many associations
and where ) n the past she had worshiped
with her husband.
Mrs. Phelmn'i advanced age Is greatly
against her chances of recovery, she hav
ing been born In Ireland seventy-three
years ago.
Mayor Phelan was to hav^ presided last
evening at a banquet to which he had
called and bench warrants were issued
for them, returnable at 2 o'clock In the
afternoon, the court before taking a
recess announcing that there might be
"somethln' doin' " later with Captain
Btoant.
When court reconvened only one of
Attorney Curtis' witnesses was pres
ent. He was Corporal Tyson, and he
came far from proving the alibi sought
to be established by the defense. He
eaid merely that he had seen Andrew
Jaskson take his shoes off Thanks
giving night as if going to bed.
In rebuttal the prosei-ution put on
four witnesses who added their testi
mony to that of the others that the
defendant had shot at Stanton and
Alexander. Daniel Jackson was one of
these; Harry Briggs, bartender for Al
White, was another; James Good and
James Burns completed the quartet.
Daniel Jackson explained that the rea
son he had not answered the sub
pena was because his captain had or
d. red him to camp and ordered him
under arrest on a charge almost for
gotten. At this statement the court
boiled over and said things about Cap
tain Blount. II- nry Morris, an earlier
witness in the caso, also informed the
court that he had been ordered under
arrest by Blount for attending the
trial on the pretext that he was away
from camp without leave.
Judge Conlan then ordered the issu- <
ance of a warrant for Blount and held '
Andrew Jackson to answer. <
The Forty-ninth being so near the '
time for embarkation for the Philip- ]
pines, it is suspected that Captain <
Blount may attempt to evade the serv- <
ice of the warrant by taking refuge <
under the wing of the military law ,
In such an event there may be a pretty <
crash between civil and military au- <
thorltles.
invited the municipal officers-elect but
ctnc^led da> ' the ! ° v »«to2T f were
VAN DEN BERGHS WILL.
Disinherited One of His Daughters
Because She Abused Him.
Some people make strange wills and
among the number may be counted the
testament 01 John P. p. Van den Bergh
two youngest sons. John P. P. arid Liter o
Oaspard Van den Bergh. until the young
est reaches the age of » vcan « Z »
time the trustee is directed to convey he
estate to them in equal shares in
In his will the <u-ieased says thnt f hc
™.3. 3 chll ?r^ n - Eleonoro Gum ; an" Daisy
Flora. Albert and Julia Van den B«S'
because he conveyed the largel? portfon
of his property to their mother for to
use at the time .of the settlement of the
divorce proceedings. Be also purpose lv
omitted to make provision for Vis' son
William C. Van den Berph. because i.!>
succeeded to his mother's estate 11,3 e re a
sons for disinheriting his daughter Katie
Ella Van den Bergh, "as she struck me
in my old age In my face and other
abuses, such as calling me an old fool
and saying to her mother, 'There comes
down- "ellow" ellow hl3 Up hharm"^ n "
-,Jo he . wl l wh 'ch bears date of August 11
im is ologranhlc. but a codicil, in which
the deceased finally devises his son Albert
an interest In the property. Is witnessed
by J Samuels and H. S. Jefflrs. " lC33ea
New Game Law for Marin.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. s.— The Supervisors
threw down the gauntlet to the opponents
of the Marin gamt laws at their session
to-dcy by adopting an ordinance Inter
dicting the use of every kind of repeating
shotgun By this procedure the "class
legislation" objection Is overthrown.
The amended ordinance was the product
of the genius of a committee from the
Marln County Game Protective Associa
tion, consisting of District Attorney Mc-
Isaac. Attorney E B. Martinelii and
<'!ialrman Rirr of the Supervisors. The
new ordinance will' provoke bitter antag
onism, as many leaning sportsmen assert
their Intention of carrying the question in
volved to the Supreme Court.
» "^^^^ -mar * «■ S"^to
z^^^^^^. i lAI^Uj....
7 "T^EsSß^^*^/^' fl We are the Exclusive Agents for
l^3f^j : .^"-!i: : /I; ! the WEBER PIANOS,
l^^^^fe^^^^jL and have Just received a larga
\^^^^^^fe^^^^^ i number of them In all -styles of
' ■ cases - uprights and baby grands.
2^p£pC^ JpßSteS^- We are p repared lo make special
in?^^ prlces for a llmlt2d tlme ~ cash or
''^-mB^PJBH 1 WF'w' Installments. We are also agents
yS*SiS2W_ jIIP Jk. for several other leading makes,
-—-—————— at prices from $195 to $450.
CLARK WISE & CO.,
Cor. Geary St. and Grant Aye., San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __ Jk
IMPORTED
DRESS FABRICS!
THREE NEW LINES this week,
all veru appropriate fop HOLIDAY
PRESENTS. i
PLAIN and POLKA-DOT SILK-STRIPED
CHALLIES, exclusive designs, and all new
colorings, suitable for house gowns and
waists.
Price, 85c yard.
NOVELTY FRENCH DRESS PATTERNS, a
veru large assortment of latest weaves and
colorings, in raised stripes and silk creDon
effects. Prices— s7.so, $8.51, 5i3.5« $!7.a, $:i.m and
$27.51 Dress Pattern.
GENUINE ENGLISH OXFORD GRAY CHEV-
IOTS, HOMESPUNS and CAMEL'S HAIR,
48 to 56 inches in width. Prices— siw. aa
$1.51 and $201 per yard.
.. — — — - — . _
mote.-a magnificent assortment of J
NEW FEATHER BOAS, in Natural, Black and
grau, all lengths, from 18 to 72 inches.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
MAY NOT LAY
NEW PIPE LINE
Injunction Against Bear
Gulch Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Dec. s— Th« Bear
Gulch Water Company, now engaged in
replacing the old seven-inch pipe with
lifteen-ineh pipe, will be compelled to re
lay Its new pipe on the lino of the old
and will not be permitted to lay another
line of pipe adjacent to the old one.
In the Superior Court to-day Judge
Buck granted the injunction prayed for
by the Spring Valley Company, thereby
restraining the Bear Gulch Company from
laying its new pipe in any other place
than that set forth in the old right of
way, which was obtained in 1567.
A question that neatly interests the
people of Menlo Park was touched upon
hut not decided during the present court
proceedings. It is the amount of water
to which the Bear Gulch Company is en
titled under the old decree of condemna
tion. The Spring Valley Company claims
that the Bear Gulch Company never ob
tained by the decree in condemnation the
right to take one drop of water oft the
lund on the banks of the stream, but that
by prescription they have the right to
take seven inches, the size of the present
pipe, and no more; this for the reason
that in the original condemnation pro
ceedings all riparian owners were not
made parties and hence there are wirae
who are still entitled to all the water over
and above seven inches.
Miss Flood held three-fourths of the
stock in the Bear Gulch Water Company,
and It is this interest that passed to th«
State University a few months ago. The
balance of the stock is held by Charles
W. Felton of Menlo Park. There prom
ises to be further litigation before the
matter is finally settled.
NAVAL ARCHITECTS MEET.
BERLIN. Dec. 6— The Boclety of Nttval
Architects met at Charlottenburg to-day.
Emperor William, the Secretaries of
State, the Prussian Ministers and many
high military and naval officers were pres
ent. The Grand Duke of Oldenburg pre
sided.
Gehelmrath Burley read a paper on sub
marine boats. In which he said they of
fered no good prospects for the future
and congratulated the German admiralty
on abstaining from costly and protracted
experiments and confining themselves to
the construction of hattleshtps. cruiser*
and torpedo boats, adding that there mv
no reason to expert that the creation >>f
a strong navy as Initiated by the Km
peror would be disturbed by fear of sub
marine boats. The paper was much ap
plnuded.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Strong Assertions ■■ to Jait Wtaavf
tho Remedies Will D«.
Mssjon gcaranta**
/ErV^ff'.V&S*. lh ' t bli Hbetts:attis»
if3i^"i^?tSS» c - : » win cur* n«-»..r
/JpMlMl «U eaaea of rbevusa-
■J^y^""*"^W|Eft tlcm la a '• w bourt;
&C? Vfe^ that h!i Dyapepala Cor*
1A riPfi Will cur todlgMt lon «u-l
mm iwL^^**fjijtg* all itoaarh troubl»«-
rf ~S3HB^W that "'• Kidney Oir^
\ r V warn wIU mr* W> per
X. /^Jm^tf «f a!l c*" l of kldn«r
\ >— — §ra# troiihle; that hi* '•
JW*' "93f ■ tarrh Cor* win cor*
V^s^^jfif^v^ catarrh no matter how
IC^^afc^Ja^a^a^aW lon * •umJlni; that hi*
Vl'T^^HflOT^V Beada<-h» On* will cur*
v\J |^ Bra' any kind of baadacaa la
"|. I I a few mlnurea: that
■ hit Cold Our* wi!l
. M . quickly break tip an/
lira of oold and so ca through the entire list cf
remedies. At all drnjcffiits. 2i ceota a rial
If you need mail! ad»l<-« writ* Prof. Ma&roa
1306 Arch at.. PhMa. It U abaolntely trm. *
Famous \
Wedge wood Ware
Bargains.
If- Worth Vonr
Coming Just to See.
Great American IraportiDsi Tea Ci
Store* Everywhere*
ZOO Store*.
PHILIPPOS OQANESSIAN OF ARMENIA
Has Brought a Direct Shipment of .
FINE ANTIQUE
TURKISH
Rugs. Carpets, Kilims, Etc.,
Conslcned to Us to Sell
WITHOUT RESERVE.
AT AUCTION,
THIS DAT. D*'-. 1 at t and » p. m. •
POSITIVELY FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
117 SUTTER STREET, - '
Opposite Nathan A Dohrrnann's.
Goods on view to-morrow. Catalogues.
A. W. LOUDKRBACK. Auctton*ar.
r-miifi-ii—
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured b7
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Pan*. J. ESFIO ; X«w T.rk, E. rOCGERI * CO.
j SOLD BT ALL DRUQOIBT3.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA.
tcr and Nenrln#. ->"*■*
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and fTmalal
Tonic for the Sexual Orleans of both sexes
The Mexican Remedy fcr Disease* of th* kid-
neys and Bladder. Pells on Its own merits
NADER. AL.FS & BRUNE, Agents.
S3 Market street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
If EARN T AND WASHINGTON BTS -n*.
** modeled and renovated. KINO. WARIN* »
CO. European plan. Rooms. ;.)<? to $1 in d, ■ 1
IStoD weelu 1- to ICO month. Free baths- hot "
and cold water every room: fir* grates in ever* ■
room: elevator runs all r.lght. .r. -
Weekly Call.sl.oo per Year