VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 161.
MAYOR PHELAN WILL INAUGURATE SAN
FRANCISCO'S NEW LIFE UNDER THE CHARTER
Republicans and Democrats, by
the Discriminating Votes of
Citizens, Divide the Honor
of Administering Local Offi
cial Affairs for the Next
Two Years.
Asa R. Weils, Dr. Washington Dodge, Frank
lin K. Lane and William A. Deane Have
Again Been Chosen to Succeed Them
selves in Important Public Offices.
SAN FRAXCISCO'S first flection un
der the charter is an incident of po
liucal history. The Democratic
party, under the direction of Mayor
Jatned IX Phelan. has won a tri
umph. The Mayor h.-^s been chosen by the
people of the city to succeed himself, anil
with him his chief lieutenants Jiave been
elected.
The campaign which ended yesterday, in
the election, was in many ways a remark
• nble one. It possessed nothing but local
significance. Both of the leading political
parties asked the suffrages of the people j
upon practically an identical issue. Hoth I
parties were supporters of the charter. I
Both asked for votes that the provisions
of the charter might be carried into full,
practical effect. Upon this single issue j
various aspirants went into the cam- j
paign and the people of San Francisco, by i
their votes, have decided that a majority j
of the Democratic nominees shall be the j
first administrators of the city's affairs i
under the charter.
At «n early hour this morning: th© last I
rettiras of the balloting had not been re- •
celved by the Registrar of Voters, but the I
count shows clearly that Mayor Phelan ;
has been re-elected, by a majority of at i
least live thousand votes, to the position j
"which he now occupies. The unofficial |
count which gives him this majority j
may be increased fifteen hundred by the i
official count. Auditor Wells has been ;
elected to succeed himself. Assessor |
Dodge will receive perhaps the highest
vote of any aspirant for public office in
the local election, the unofficial count at
the Registrar's office showing that ho
was honored by two votes t>_> his op- |
ponent's one.
City Attorney Lane will also succeed
himself and will receive the compliment
of a tremendous majority. John Lack- j
mann, proving perhaps the prediction of *
those that thought he was a friend of i
Jlayor Phelan, will defeat Jeremiah Deasy
handsomely. Major Dennis Geary
has demonstrated that police duty in ■
Manila is not a passport to the County
Clerk's office, as he has been defeated by |
W. A Deane by a very large vote.
In the voting yesterday there was in i
every precinct of the city a discrimina- j
tion that perhaps was never equaled in a !
municipal election. As both parties rep- j
resented identical issues electors cast
their ballots for individual favorites. As
a result the patronage of political local
offices is almost evenly divided ■ ween j
the Democrats and the Republicans, leav- j
ing out of consideration the tremendous ;
appointive power which the Mayor enjoys !
under the charter. In the major offices \
of the city government the Democrats i
have won the Mayor, the Assessor and j
the City Attorney. The Republicans will j
enjoy the patronage of the Auditor, the j
Sheriff and the County Clerk. The Demo
crats have also won a majority of the
members of the Board of Supervisors, the i
latest returns Indicating that at least j
thirteen of the Democratic rants have ,
been elected.
While the official returns, as they have
been received at an early hour this morn- j
Ing, are no' absolute Indication of the re
sult, it is probable that three of the lice '
Judges nominated by the Democrats have
been elected.
The result of the election, considering it
as a whole, ought to he accepted by the :
people of San Francisco as a matter of
congratulation. There was in the con
test which has just ended nothing of per
sonalities. The men nominated by both
of the great political parties were con
ceded to he men of repute,' men of honor
and men qualified for the positions they
sought. The campaign was fought hon
orably, arid the people of the city have
determined, with their voles, their choice
of the men who shall administer the af
fairs of the city government. In every
precinct of the city the voting proceeded
without Interruption and without any of
the violent scenes that have disgraced
former elections.
The registration had indicated that a
very heavy vote would be polled. Some
thing over 70,000 names bad been reg
istered, and the novelty at least of an ad
ministration under a new charter Indl- '
cated that nearly all of those who had
registered would vote. The result proved,
however, that nearly 20.000 people who had '
registered their names failed to vote. This i "
was accounted for partly by the fact that ! "
nearly WOO electors had changed their *
residences and had not properly certified "
the fact to the authorities.
Another remarkable incident of the "
election was the fact of early voting. -
While many of the prominent merchants -
of the town had made arrangements to i
permit their employes to vote during the H
afternoon, the record of the booths -|
showed that most voters cast their ballots j
before they went to work. .
It happened therefore that the voting H
of the afternoon was light. As already -J
Indicated, there was very little disturb- H
ance at any of the voting booths. In two \ 4
or three Instances election officers, ignor- -*
ant of their luties, committed mistakes <
that for the moment occasioned trouble,
and then an bcplanatlon prevented fur
ther disturbance. The police, with that
vigilance wblctl characterizes them under i
i
The San Francisco Call.
! the present administration, made six ar
rests for violation of the law which closes
j saloons on election day. The bluecoats
■ forgot, however, that every other saloon
jin town was pen. This fact fortunately
i did not result in any open breaches of the
j peace.
When the polls were closed the election
officers began without delay to count the
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
OFFICIALS WHO GO IN
WITH THE NEW CHARTER
MAYOR JAMES D. PHELAN, D.
AUDITOR ASA R. WELLS, R.
SHERIFF JOHN LACKMANN, R.
COUNTY CLERK. ..WiLLIAM A. DEANE, R.
CITY ATTORNEY. ..FRANKLIN K. LANE, D.
TREASURER LOUIS FEUSIER, R,
TAX COLLECTOR... JOSEPH H. SCOTT, R.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY
LEWIS F. BYINGTON, D.
RECORDER EDMOND GODCHAUX, D.
ASSESSOR WASHINGTON DODGE, D.
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
JOHN FARNHAM, R.
POLICE JUDGES— EDMUND P. MOGAN, D.
CHARLES T.CONLAN, D.
GEORGE H. CABANISS, D.
ALFRED J. FRITZ, D.
JAMES D. PHELAN, FIRST MAYOR UNDER THE NEW CHARTER.
supervisors —
richard m. hotallng, d
thomas jennings, d.
m. j. fontana, d.
Lawrence j. dwyer, d.
a. comte jr., d.
henry v. brandenstein, d
chas. wesley reed, d,
joseph s.tobin, d.
wm. n. McCarthy, d.
a. b. maguire, d.
a. a. d'ancona, d.
peter j. curtis, d.
John connor, d.
James p. booth, d.
John c. a. helms, d.
victor d. duboce, r.
George r. sanderson, r.
Charles boxton, r.
The City's Chief Executive Will
Be Supported in His Public
Policy by a Democratic Ma
jority in the Newly Elected
Board of Supervisors of
San Francisco.
Twenty Thousand Electors, Who Had Regis
tered, Fail to Vote at the Election.
Scenes and Incidents of an Exciting Day
in the History of the City.
votes. It was conceded in every part of
the city that the election officers were the
best that ever served at a local election.
Interest in the primary struggles, how
ever, made the officials at the Registrar's
office forget that the people of the city
were not interested in other contests than
those of the Mayor, the Assessor and the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I City Attorney. The result was that even
' semi-official returns in reference to other
: officers were not sent into the Registrar.
Owing to this neglect The Call made a
i canvass of unofficial returns and at 2
I o'clock this morning developed .he fact
that Louis Feusier, the Republican nom
| inee, is leading in the contest for Treas
urer; that John Farnham has a slight ad
vantage over Patrick Boland for Public
Administrator; that Dr. R. Beverly Cole
is first in the race for Coroner, with Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell second; that Lewis F.
Byington will probably be the next Dis
trict Attorney; that Richard P. Doolan
is behind his Republican opponent by a
small plurality for Tax Collector, and
that Edmond Godchaux will be the next
Recorder.
THE COUNT.
The returns came in slowly to the
Registrar's office and the count was
delayed correspondingly. At 2;15
o'clock this morning the following
figures represented the vote in all but
fifteen precincts:
MAYOR.
Horace Davlp, R , 14.6r<
Jamps D. Phelan. D 19,901
C. D. Cleveland, P nj
J. H. Hall, S. L 283
A. H. Coburn, S. D 64
AUDITOR.
Asa R. Wells, R 1fi,975
! Joseph M t'ummings, D 15,743
A. McQfnty, S. L mo
Emil Leiss, S. D 15]
ASSESSOR.
Albert Heyer, R 11.602
Washington Dodge. D 22.434
A. G. Swanson. S. L 369
H. Warnecke Jr., S. D 79
CITY ATTORNEY.
Charles H. Jackson. R 12.539
Franklin K. Lane. D 19.869
Cameron H. King Jr., S. L iifi
SHERIFF.
John Larkmann, R l r '.S<o
Jeremiah Deasy, D 15.337
Leo Gasser, S. L 365
George Flammer, S. L 73
TAX COLLECTOR.
: Joseph H. Scott, R 17,160
Richard P. Doolan. D
A. J. Oliver, S. L 393
Valentine Britton, S. D 113
TREASURER.
[ Louis Fousior. R 15 ,-,;, 4
Paniuel H. Brooks, ]> 10 4,; >
I Richard Lutge. S. L 4:-::j
Ernest Koenig, S. D 195
RECORDER.
William Z Tiffany, R I",:,:..;
Edmond Godchaux, D 17,643
H. Strunzky, S. L 4 17
John Nugent, S. D 104
COUNTY CLERK.
WilWam A. Deane, R 18,332
I>emiis Geary, D
I. G. Morris. S. L 625
Mark Bartlett, S. D 195
DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Alfred P. Black. R 15. pi^
Lewis F. Byington, D 17,073
E. Chamberlain, S. L 494
\V. C. Shepard. S. D lie
CORONER.
A. D. McLean. R P. 301
R. Beverly Cole, D 13.2:>4
C. C. O'Donnoll, P 10,428
S. B. France. S. L ;:•_•,;
Emil Bihn. S. D
Dick Otto. Ind i
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
John Farnham, R 16,438
P. Boland, D 16.2P3
Oliver Everett, S. L 460
Arthur R. Andre, S. D 115
POLICE JUDGES (4).
L. G. Carpenter. R 10,511
Henry L. Joachimsen, R
Charles A. Low, R 1&081
James L. Nagle. R <O4t
George H. Cabaniss, D 14.H0ti
Charles T. Conlan, D 17,658
Alfred J. Fritz. D :
Edmund P. Mogan, D 17,516
William Edlin. S. L 3xs
H. Carstensen, S. L 37*
L. Trompler, S. L 36S
C. Prazak. S. L 359
Edwin M. Sweeney, C. R 2017
A. B. Treadwell, C. R 2564
SUPERVISORS.
Emmet P. Barrett, R 9,350
Nathan Bibo, R 8,848
Charles Bliss. R 8.6P2
Charles Boxton, R
Victor D. Duboce, R 9,7; vi
Samuel Foster, R »..i47
D. C. M. Goodsell, R 8,6:17
Thomas L. Henderson, R S.ritU
William C. Johnson, R 8,361
Milo S. Jeffers. R 8.151
Charles J. King. R
Thomas 11. Morri3. R s.Mfi
George R. Sanderson, R 9,777
George T. bbaw, R 8.73S
Supervisors— Continued Second Para.2
HOW THE FIGHT WAS WON IN THIS CITY
DR. BEVERLY COLE, D.
Coroner.
ASA R. WELLS, R..
Auditor.
WASHINGTON DODGE, D.,
■
CHARLES T. COX LAX. D.,
■ c Judge.
GEORGE H. CABANISS, D.,
. Police Judge.
Kmil >:. Torello. R 8,097
.1. J. Truman, It 9,130
William Watson. H 8,606
Cyrus S. Wright. R 8,343
Jamf-s P. Booth, D 9,905
H. U. Brandenateln, D 10,534
A. Comte Jr., D 10,441
John Connor. D '1 999
Peter J. Curtis, D 9,886
A. A. fi'Ancona, D 9,973
Lawrence J. Dwyer, D i0]0.33
M". J. Fontana,. D 10,407
John E. A. Helms. D 9,831
Richard M. Hotallng, D ...........[ 11,782
Thomas Jennings, D 10.716
A. B. Mfiguir<\ D 9,709
JAMES P. BOOTH, D.,
Supervisor.
Ji iHX FARNHAM, R.,
Public Administrator.
William N. McCarthy, D 9.755
Michael C. McGrath, D 9.391
Emil Pohll, D 9.535
Osgt>od Putnam, D 9.676
Charles Wesley Reed, D 10.-547
Joseph S. Tobin, D 10,727
Henry Albert Tessmer, P
G. Postler, S. L..: 233
M. Aspden, S. L 235
: J. Kroeger, B. L 230
H. Frank. S. L 213
H. McMahon. S. L 226
Oscar Bach, S. L 210
! Thomas Bersford, S. L 216
H. Kidde, S. L 196
11. Inskipp, S. L 198
W. Hefferin, S. L, 1?3
J. E. Fariel, S. L 198
John Dooley, S. L 206
Martin Hansen, S. L 210
E. W. Carpenter, S. L 197
Leon de Vllle, S. L. 211
B. Fedde. 3. L....: 2"4
John Robertson. S. L 211
M. Bchwlnd, S. L 188
Max Block, S. D 60
Henry Muegge. S. D*..... 81
Robert Goldschraldt, S. D 97
John Carter, S. D 77
F. Warnecke Sr., S. D 71
Julius [nderwies, S. D 96
Joseph J. Noel, S. D 52
Charles A. Wolff! S. D 54
J. E. Scott, S. D M
H. Rosenblough, 3. D 14
August F. Meyer, S. D 17
Fred Stahlman, S. D 2s
| George Keck, S. D V)
George Stelnback, S. D 19
John Camp, S. D 22
Joseph Ruef, S. D 16
W. E. Butterfield, S. D 15
j Alfred Fischer, S. D 14
AN ELECTION BOW.
Richard Adams Tries to Help
Stranger and Is Stabbed.
Richard Adams, a laboring man living
at i"."' Clark street, dropped into an East
street retisßerl* last evening for the pur
j! recuperating fr'>m the fatigue in
cident to tl m on a cup of coffee
and a couple of those delicate confections
known in the vernacular as "sinkers."
Adams entered the place just as a hot
political discussion was being waged be
tween T. Yestle, who resides at the City
Front House, and five strangers. Yestle
was getting the better of the argument
until one of the live, overcome by the
spirit of partisanship, hit him on the jaw
with his clenched fist. Yestle struck
back at his assailant and in a second a
first-class mix-up was in full swing. It
was Yestle against the nVe strangers.
Yestle was game, but the odds were too
many for him, and he was in a fair way
to become a fit subject for the Morgue.
Adams saw his predicament and, with the
true Anglo-Saxon desire of seeing fair
play, started to his assistance.
Yestle saw Adams coming, but not be
ing sure in what spirit hi advanced re
solved to takt no chances, and drawing
a clasp knife stabbed him in the chest
and wrist as soon as he approached with
in cutting distance.
Such ingratitude not only wounded
Adams, it angered him as well, Picking
up a brick, he struck Yestle with it, cut
ting a three-inch gash over his eye and
putting that useful member out of busi
ness for many days to come.
Before either one of the men could do
any further harm the police appeared on
the scene and escorted them over to the
Harbor Hospital for treatment.
Their wounds were found to be slight,
and after they had both been patched up
by Dr. Robinsin, Adams was allowed to
depart for his home, while Yestle was
taken to the Harbor Police Station and
booked for assault with a deadly weapon.
The original live who participated in
the preliminaries vanished as soon as the
event of the evening came on and were
not subsequently seen.
COAL PROSPECTS GOOD.
Experts Make an Examination of
Mines Near Antioch.
ANTTOCH, Nov. 7. — R. H. .Symington
and Thomas Poyzer, coal experts of San
Francisco, have made an examination of
the coal properties near Antio'ii owned
by the Colifornja Power Company, of
which c. L. Wilson is manager. They
were here in the interest of financial sup
porters of the mines, and their report is
very flattering- They spent three Jays at
the mines and examined the Empire, West
Hartley, Star and Central mines. They
report 11,400,000 ton? of coal available <>n
the company's lands at a depth entirely
practical to work.
They report also that It will be entirely
feasible to t;ike out 20,000 tons from mines
per month, or about 700 p<--r day. The
Central is the only mine that is now pro
ducing and from this mine alone 103 tons
per day s being taken. The mines are
again taking on their accustomed -tlvlty.
and miners are looking forward for a
repetition of the flush times. With so
much coal In sight they see no end of
work, and consequently are rejoicing.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffice Changes and List of Pen
sions and Patents Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.-Pacific Coast
patents were granted to-day as follows:
California— Robert W. Hamilton, San
Juan, nut lock; William Reid and F. Hess.
■ San Francisco, linotype machine; William
! H. Smith, Berkeley, and P. 11. Reardon,
San Francisco, valve; George R. Wilton,
Los Angeles, tie plate setting machine.
Oregon — Henry C. Burch and ..'. W. w.u
llng, Amity, dust shield for vehicle hubs;
Bruce Cunningham, Liberty, fruit evap
orator. Washington— l. S. Miller. Seattle,
plastering trowel; F. Swen, Taeoma,
acetyline gas generator.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Deweyville, Kern County, and Arthur
Weaber vu appointed Postmaster.
Pensions: Californln — Original— Andrew
Jenks. Point Arena, $€; James Tully,
Rescue, $S; George J. Wood, Selma, $G;
A. A. D'ANCONA, D.,
Supervisor.
TrtJ£ SAJN FKA3NCISCU CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
JOSEPH H. SCOTT, R.,
Tax Collector.
REPUBLICANS EASILY
CARRY SACRAMENTO
Headed by George H. Clark for Mayor,
Almost the Entire Ticket Goes
Through.
GEORGE H. CLARK, Mayor-Elect of Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 7.— After an unusually exciting campaign, George Clark,
the Republican candidate, was to-day elected Mayor by a majority of 1*22
votes. To-nlghi the dtj is ablaze with bonfires in honor of the successful
candidate. Hundreds of young men, headed by James MeGrath, one of
Clark's chief supporters, arc parading the streets, accompanied by a band.
On almost every corner crowds of citizens are gathered, discussing the election
and predicting that Clark will make the best Mayor that this city has had In
many years.
The p<>llf» opened at 6 o'clock this morning-, and scarcely had the clerks taken
their respective positions when the balloting commenced. The day was pleasant.
which in a measure accounts for the large vote. Supporters of Stephens were
plentiful, inn after making a determined tight up to noon they realized that they
were "up against it," so to Bpeak, and threw up the sponge. Stephens is down
over the result, as he had predicted that his friends would save him from
at least an overwhelming defeat.
Clark is correspondingly jubilant over his election. When seen to-night ho
"said: "I am indeed thankful to my friends for the handsome majority they gave
me over my opponent. I was confident of the result, but did not expect that I
would receive as many votes as I did. Now that the citizens of Sacramento
have shown their confidence in me I intend to prove to them that 1 am worthy
of their support. After I assume the duties of Mayor I intend to consult with
the business men of Che city, with a view of learning just what is needed to pro
mote the interests of the city. 1 shall endeavor to appoint men who are eminently
fitted for the positions in tlv* city government and will not allow petty grievances
to stand in the way of deserving citizens who aspire to positions under me. To
my friends I desire to return my heartfelt thanks tor carrying me to victory and
I also desire to express my thanks to The Call for its efforts In my behalf."
G. E. Hook, Republican candidate for Trustee In the Eighth' Ward, was de
feated for election by one vote. His opponent was M. R. Beard, an old-time
Democrat. Hook says he will contest the election of Beard. Kent (D. I won his
fight in the Second Ward, beating George Stack (R.) by 32 votes. Devlne (D.)
was re-elected member of the Hoard of Trustees over O'Neil and Thompson
(colored). Charles Robinson iK.) was re-elected City Collector by a big majority.
The successful candidates are:
Mayor- George H. Clark (R.).
Auditor— J. D. Young <K>.
Collector— C. C. Robertson <R.).
Treasurer— A. L. Frost (It.).
Cltv Attorney— A. A. Deiigne IB..).
City Trustees— R. E. Kent (.D.), John C. Ing Jr. (R.), James H. Devlne (D.).
M R. Beard (D.).
School Directors— E. J. Key, J. A. Green, H. Mier and P. L. Driver (Repub
licans), and 11. S. Ranson (.D.).
Arthur J. Cox, Santa Rosa, $6. Increase-
Walter "Wi Woodcock, Oakland, $6 to $S.
Oregon: Increase— Adelbert E. Flowers,
Enterprise, ♦<> to $10.
Washington: Increase— William H. Ells
worth, Chattaroy, $12 to $17.
MODEL POSTOFFICE.
Arrangements Completed for an In
teresting Display at Paris
Exposition.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— One of the most
interesting features of the Paris Exposi
tion will be a model American postoffice,
which will be up to date In every re
spoct. Arrangements have been made
with the French postal authorities by
which mails for Americans in Paris will
be Bent to this postofilce instead of going
through the regu'.ar channels. In this
t\ay much time will be saved in the dis
tribution of United States mails.
Kenneally Chosen.
PETALUMA, Nov. 7.— Company C. Fifth
Infantry, National Guard of California,
held an election for second lieutenant in
th" armory of this city last evening. Ma
jor Jnlllavd of Santa Rosa presided. The
election resulted in the almost unanimous
choice of James Kenneally for the office.
A. B. MAGUIRE (D.).
Supervisor.
WILLIAM A. DEANE, R.,
County Clerk.
CHARLES BOXTON, R.,
Supervisor.
WILL DETERMINE WHO
SHALL PAY THE TAX
Supreme Court to at Once Take Up
the Case Against the Adams
Express Company.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7. — Argument
will probably begin to-morrow in the
United States Supreme Court in the
case brought to fix the responsibility in
the matter of the payment of war revenue
taxes on packages sent by express. The
rase is entitled William Crawford vs. Wil
liam M. Huhbell, treasurer of the Adams
Express Company, and It was brought
upon agreement to decide whether the
tax should be paid by the shipper or the
terrier. Mr. Crawford is a member of
the Merchants 1 Association of New YorK,
which association Is supporting him in
the proceedings. Hon. Joseph H. Choate,
Emhassador to Great Britain, was one
of the original counsel in the case, but
since he went abroad he has been suc
ceeded by former Judge Allan L. McDer
mott. Other counsel for the merchants
are James B. Dill and Frederick R. Kel
logg. William D. Guthrie appears for the
Adams Company. The case was decided
pro forma in the courts below in favor of
the express company.
Dewey and His Fiancee.
NEW YORK:. Nov. 7.— Admiral Dewey
and his fiancee. Mrs. Mildred Hazen, left
for Washington to-day via the Pennsyl
vania Railroad. In the party were also
Mrs. Washington McLean and Mrs. Lud
low. mother and Bister, respectively, of
Mrs. Hanen.
LEWIS F. BYINGTON; D.,
District Attorney.
COMPROMISE AT
MARE ISLAND
Men Will Finish Work on
the Hartford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Nov. 7.— The situation In the
differences between the authorities and
tlie shipwrights to-day was materially
changed, with a view to reaching a better
understanding on both sides. As has been
stated, at no time has been there been any
desire on the part of the workmen to take
advantage of the condition in which tue
Hartford was left, and their action to
day carries out what they have Maid. This
action Is in the nature of a compromise,
which was accepted on the part of the
shipwrights, that the work on the Hart
ford might be finished.
This elternoon Master Shipwright Tre
bell pppcared before the meeting of the
shipwrights at Young Men's Institute
Hall, at which place there was a full at
tendance, and to the men Mr. Trebell pre
sented a request on the part of Con
structor Hlbbs that the men return to
their work and finish the Hartford, that
the Government may not suffer in the
matter. He said that if the men would
comply with this he would vouch for
their being given an honorable discharge,
and that the blacklist cards already
turned in against them would be with
drawn.
The request was freely discussed, and
the liberal spirit of the men was shown
in a.n almost unanimous consent. Among
Those present to Bpeak in favor of this
action were State Senator Luchsinger,
who was therr- by invitation, and Presi
dent McConnell of the Shipwrights'
Union. Accordingly Mr. Trebell was au
thorized to say to Constructor tlil>!>s that
th ' shipwrights would return to work in
the morning. It is understood that the
compromise on the part of the men does
not in any way mean that they will relax
in their efforts to receive wages equal to
those paid by outside firms.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL WORK.
Interesting Papers Read at the Santa
Cruz County Institute.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 7.— The Santa Cruz
Counts' Sunday-school Institute is in ses
sion in this city and is being conducted
by the State secretary. Earl S. Bingham
of San Jose.
The day sessions are being held In the
Christian church and the evening ses
sions at the Methodist church. Delegates
are present from Bonny Doon, Watson
ville. C'orralitos, Aptos, Soquel. Felton.
Den Lomond. Santa Cruz. Boulder Creek,
Happy Valley and Skyiand.
The programme to-day was as follows:
Mornln'K session: Devotional service.
led by Rev. George R. Bird, Santa Cru*;
rollcall of schools, delegates responding
with Scripture quotations; paper, "What
a Sunday-school Should Not Be," Rev. Q.
R. Stanley, Boulder Creek; paper, "The
Bible Only In the School," Albert Mc-
Cormkk, Santa Cruz; paper. "Relation to
the School of Adult Members of the Oin
gregation," Rev. E. 1?. Hatch. Aptos.
Afternoon session: Devotional service,
led by Rev. P. R. Adams. Santa Cruz;
paper, "The Home Department," Mrs.
Jennie A. Baker, Santa Cruz; paper. "The
Successful Teacher," Mrs. Lilian Heath,
Banta Cruz; vocal solo, Mrs. J. R. Will
iamson, Santa Cruz; paper, "The Work
in the Congregational Church," Miss M.
E. Morgan, Santa Cruz: paper, "Home
Study by the Scholars," Miss Olive
Twombly. Santa Cruz.
Evening session: Song service, con
ducted by Clarence Archibald, Santa
Cruz; address, "The Loyal Sunday-school
Army," Earl S. BiiiKham, San Jose; vocal
duet. Ray Twombly and Miss Florence
Hunt; address. "The Sunday-school
Teacher," Rev. Georg>- Clifford, Watson
ville; doxology and benediction.
BOLD HIGHWAYMAN.
Holds Up a Crowd in a Sacramento
Grocery Store.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 7.— Five masked
men at 5:30 a. m. to-day entered the
corner grocery of J. H. Hogan, Fifth and
O streets. They covered the proprietor
and three men with pistols and robbed
the till of $6'i. James Touhey, the Street
Commissioner, one of the men in the
VICTOR D. DUBOCE, R.,
Supervisor.
store, was compelled to give up his time
piece. No arrests have been made.
AMPHITRITE SAILS.
CORFU, Nov. 7.— The Greek royal yacht
Amphltrlte. with the King of the Hellenes
on board, left here to-day for Piraeus.
As the yacht passed out of port salutes
were fired by the British battleships
Royal Sovereign and Devastation, which
are now here.
Chinese May Not Visit Ships.
HONOLULU, Oct. 31.— Special United
States Agent Brown of the Chinese Im
migration Bureau made an order to-day
prohibiting all visits from Chinese on
shore to vessels in port, except in cases
where the would-be visitor can show busi
ness necessity to go on board. The order
admits of no exceptions and is a stricter
measwre than has been thought necessory
bi'fore. Jt is believed that the Chinese
here have been making use of parses
granted them to make visits to get
friends and others ashore.
Schley Reviews a Parade.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Nov. 7.— A mili
tary display of 5000 men was the feature
of the celebration here to-day in honor of
Admiral Schley. The procession consisted
of part of the National Guards of Ala
bama and Mississippi, the cadet corps
from five colleges in this State, the Con
federate Veterans, the veterans of the
Spanish war, the Sons of Veterans, the
Grand Army and numerous civic organi
zations. At the State Fair grounds Admi
ral Schley reviewed the parade and took
.part i* 1 «i»« formal opening of the fair.
LOUIS FEUSIER, R,
Treasurer.
SPRING FAILS
TO PAY ALIMONY
Suit Filed by His Former
Wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 7.-Mrs. Emelie T.
Spring, who recently secured a divorce
from Henry M. N. Spring on the ground
of infidelity, to-day began a suit against
her ex-husband and Marcella S. and Fred
W. Moore, sinter and brother-in-law of
Spring, to have the transfer of a residence
and other property on Seventh and San
Antonio streets set aside and the same
levied upon to pay alimony.
When Mrs. Spring secured a divorce she
was given the custody of the three minor
children and SlD'i per month alimony. At
that time Spring conducted a large cloth- j
ing store at the corner of Santa Clara and j
Market streets and owned considerable i
property. He was estimated to be worth I
nearly $100,000. As soon as the decree was .
•d he immediately transferred all his
property— including the store— to Moore
and his sister and went East in an at
! tempt to avoid the alimony. In transfer- ]
i ring his interests the consideration "was i
love and affection and for the better sup
port of his sister."
Mrs. Spring has not been paid any ali
mony and there is now due her, including i
costs, $>92. In the complaint filed to-day !
she states she is without funds to prop- j
erly maintain herself and children, and
that her husband has disposed of his !
property with the deliberate intention of \
evading" the payment of alimony. She
wants the deeds given by Spring to his
sister set aside and the property levied
upon to secure the alimony. V. A. Schel
ler is attorney for Mrs. Spring.
The trouble of the Spring*; has attracted j
a great deal of attention because of the i
prominence of Mrs. Spring, who was
prominent in society affairs. Spring hint
self was popular with a certain class. He j
was Councilman at the time he fled from '
the city t<> avoid alimony. He maintained i
! many fleet hound? and was a steady pat
; ron of coursing. To these dogs, wine and
I women of the sporty set is attributed his
1 downfall. Spring is now somewhere in
the East.
Mrs. Spring is now living at Belvedere,
where she l£ maintaining a homo out of
her own private fortune.
TOO MANY COMMISSIONERS
Complication of the Police Muddle at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGKI.ES. Nov. 7.— Two Boards
of Police Commissioners met in the City
Hall here to-day and transacted business.
The courts will doubtless have to decide
which board is authorized to do business.
The old board was represented by the
Mayor and Messrs. Goss and Paseoe. The
new board consisted of Mossrs. Ling,
Scarborough and Parker. The Mayor re
fused to recognize It. This board rescind
ed the recent order of Chief of Police
Glass degrading many police officers. The
old board transacted routine police busi
ness.
At the afternoon session of the new
commission it was decided to go no fur
ther until the question of which board is
the legal one has been decided by the
courts, and papers in a suit to settle that
matter will be filed soon.
Miles in Astoria.
ASTORIA. Or., Nov. 7.— General Nelson
A. Miles arrived in Astoria to-day from
Tacoma and visited Forts Stevens and
Columbia. General Miles was accom
panled by a party of prominent people
of Astoria and Portland. He is making
a living trip and leaves Portland prob
ably in the morning for San Francisco.
General Miles was highly pleased with
the new fortifications at the mouth of the
river, and considers them equal in equip
ment to any others in the country.
Neither of the works is as yet completed.
Petaluma's New Treasurer.
PTP/T A T .TTM A NVvr. 7 -A( *+*c r-i<->pttnjr
of the City Trustees to-night Dr. Thomas
Maclay. cashier of the Wickersham
r.anking Company, was appointed to the
office of City Treasurer to succeed Lea
Ellsworth, who resigned the office.
IZgr. Jessing's Funeral.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 7.— The funeral
oi si^.l jobi lii jessing occurred to-uay
GEORGE R. SANDERSON (R.)
Supervisor.
at the Josephinum. Monslgnor Martlnelll,
Apostolic Delegate, was the celebrant of
the pontifical requiem high mass, while
two sermons were delivered. The remains
were placed in a vault at Mount Calvary
Cemetery. It was the wish of the de
ceased that he should finally he buried
under the altar at the Josephinum, and
this will probably be done.
Raymond's Desperate Plan.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 7.— Frank Ray
mond, a convicted counterfeiter, was
taken to San Quentin yesterday by a
Deputy Sheriff. This morning a heavy
sandbag was found in the cell which he
had occupied In the County Jail. The
order for his removal to the penitentiary
came unexpectedly, and it ts probable he
was preparing to attempt an escape on
the way up. He had repeatedly asserted
to his fellow-prisoner? that he would
never be taken to the penitentiary alive.
On the Colorrbian Boundary
CARACAS, Venezuela, Nov. 7.— Cable
dispatches received hero from the Colom
bian boundary say that the revolution
there is progressing. About 200n revolu
tionists have occupied Cucuta and Ocana.
Carter Emulates Bradbury.
HELENA, Mont., Nov. 7.— United States
Senator Carter was arrested to-day and
fined for spitting on the sidewalks. The
complaint was made by a man who was
arrested and lined yesterday for the same
offense. The fine was paid.
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 23c
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
City Attorney.
JOHN LACKMANN, R.,
Sheriff.
EDMOND GODCHAUX, D.,
Recorder.
EDMUND P. MOGAN, D.,
Police Judge.
ALFRED J. FRITZ, D.,
Police Judge.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"He That Any Good
Would Win"
Should have good health. T'ure, rich
blood is the first requisite. Hood's Sarsi-
parilla, by gri'ing good blood and good
hc&lth, has helped many a man to success,
besides giving strength and courage to
t women <who, before taking it, cou'J not
even see any good in life to win.
ALL AILMENTS^FIIENIyW
DR. MEYERS ft CO. fcavs tne largest pr»o-
tice and best equipped medlcil tMtitutton
m the Paclflc Coaat. Established 17 year*.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at offlc*
or by mail. All letters confldmtiaL
731 Market St., San Francisco.REPUBLICAN VICTORIES IN EASTERN STATES
Nash Is Elected Governor of Ohio
and Kentucky Remains Out of
the Democratic Column.
Bryan Succeeds in Saving Nebraska, but His
Party Is Snowed Under in Other Middle
Western Commonwealths.
SUMMARY OF ELECTION RETURNS.
o
O Election returns as summarized at 1 o'clock this morning show the results X
X to have been as follows: °
+ Ohio has been carried by the Republicans and Nash has been " ©
<£ elected Governor by a plurality estimated at 25,000. At 12:30 ♦
§ o'clock this morning the Republican managers claimed that his ©
-♦- plurality would exceed Bushnell's majority of 28.000 in 1897. The o
O result is much mixed and Jones has been a surprising factor, hurt- -fi
q ing both candidates. +;
■4- Nebraska has been carried by the fusion ticket by at least ©
O 10,000 majority, which is sufficient to keep Bryan in the Presi- x
q dential race. +
■♦■ Maryland elects a Democratic Governor, John Walter Smith ©
© defeating Lloyd Lowndes, the present Governor, by more than +
o 10.000. " $
-♦- Kansas gives big Republican gains. ©
© Kentucky has gone Republican. -£
q Massachusetts has been swept by the Republicans by 70,000 ~
-♦■ plurality. ©
O New Jersey elects an overwhelmingly Republican Legislature. t
© lowa elects Shaw, Republican, by a largely increased Repub- +
Slican lead. ©
2 In Ohio at midnight the returns were not sufficiently complete to Indicate X
just how large Nash's plurality over John R. McLean, the Democratic candi- jr
5p date, would bo. Nash' 3 majority will apparently be about, 25.000, but it is JT
Q growing and Republican managers claim that it will exceed Bushnell's plur- *?
.4. allty in 1897. In that year Bushnell (R.) defeated Chapman (D.) by a q
q plurality of 28,165. John R. McLean has apparently carried Hamilton County a.
-^ by a small plurality. This county in 1897 was carried by Bushnell (R.) by Q
$I«00. ♦
■+■ Jones, the independent candidate, has been a remarkable factor. In some ©
© sections of the State he has divided the Democratic vote: in other sections he -4
"♦" has divided the Republican vote. He is described in the dispatches as one ©
© of the closest thirds that ever ran. Jones' vote will reach 100,000 and is taken £
about equally from Democrats and Republicans. V_
© Colonel William Jennings Bryan has won in Nebraska what must be de- ,-j
"^ scribed as a personal triumph. At midnight the returns were showing great >
<-' fusionist gains. Colonel Bryan claimed that the fusionists would carry ©
A the State by at least 15.000 plurality. More conservative estimates give the 4.
5£ State to the fusionists by a smaller majority, but by one which will, neverthe- ©
fi less, be sufficient to keep Bryan in supreme lead for the Democratic noml- •♦
--+. nation for President. ©
O Returns from Kentucky indicate that William Goebel, the regular Demo- ♦
■♦• cratie candidate, who was indorsed by Bryan, has been defeated. The ©
© militia was ordered under arms and the count was conducted amid scenes of "*"
♦ excitement. The returns disclose that independent Democrats supporting O
O John Young Brown during the canvass threw their votes to Taylor in the i
* end In a desperate effort to defeat Goebel. ]7
© In Pennsylvania Lieutenant Colonel James E. Barnett has been elected X
"*" State Treasurer by the Republicans by an estimated majority of 150,000. This
© is surprising, because it was believed that the anti-Quay vote and disparage- q
"l merit of Colonel Barnett's courage while at Manila would result in a largely +
v decreased majority. ©
q There was a light vote in Virginia, and the result indicates that the Legis- ♦
+■ ture elected will return United States Senator Martin to the Senate without ©
f> serious opposition being made. -♦-
" ©
o+O+ o+o*o + O+O+ O+O+ O+O+O* O+O* O+ Q*O -K>+ O>o +O+O+O* O >•
COLUMBUS, Nov. 7.— After 11 p. m.
the returns showed the Democratic
pains in Cincinnati and other cities
were reduced an<i hat McLean was
likely third at Cleveland, and. pos
sibly, at Toledo, in which cities Jones
drew much more heavily from the Demo
crats than from the Republicans. At the
fame time the Republican net gains out
side of Cincinnati, Cleveland and Toledo
were increasing at such a rate as to in
dicate a plurality of from 30,000 to 40,000
for Judge Nash for Governor, and the
entire Republican State ticket, including
a majority of ■ ■.•• Legislature.
Chairman Dick had, previous to the
election, repeatedly claimed the election
of the entire Republican State ticket by
not less than 6000 plurality. So far to
night he has refused to give any figures,
but those around him say that means
that he now has no reason to change his
lirst figures. The later returns seem to
be growing In favor of the Republicans,
especially since the returns indicate that
Jones hurt the Democrats much more
Than the Republicans in Cleveland, To
ledo, Columbus and other cities, while the
first reports indicated exactly the oppo-
Bite effect.
Judge Nash (R.) Is receiving the con
gratulations of his friends and neighbors
at the Neil House. After 11 p. m. he
said:
"I claim my election by at least 30,000,
but I am too much engaged to give a
statement of the causes or to analyze the
results for the press."
Bands and clubs are out serenading. At
11:10 p. m. Chairman Charles Dick gave
out the following:
"The returns from Hamilton, Cuyohoga
and I. neon counties are as yet too meager
to give finite figures. Enough have been
received to indicate the election of Judge
.Nash by a greater plurality than that of
Governor Bushnell two years ago, which
•was 28,165, thus insuring the election of
the entire Republican State ticket. Both
branches of the Legislature are Republi
can." '■■•".*'
After this announcement further re
GET INLINE!
Now that the election is over I hope many thousand voters and
housekeepers will get in line with the cash plan of buying . supplies.
It will create a revolution in your affairs. You'll find yoursslf always
with means at your command and some over to help those less fortun-
ate. Try it awhile. At least buy at the greatest of all family depots.
See a few cash prices —
SNAPPY BARGAINS. MAKE COMPARISON.
BUTTER : Men's J6 50 Leather-soled Rubber Boots.. $4 OO
j Ladies' Me Overshoes j.->. 20, 25c
Fancy an<i frr-sh unety, squares.... 4oc Mlsces" '',:<<■ Overshoes in r 15 20c
■U .„,, Child's Me Kid Shoes, 8 to 8 ' I-;,.
BACON — Fine Kid-Tipped Shoes. Child's. S>. to HKOe
Bf>f>ch \k in do.. i,~, . «-.!.» «?n« Fine Kid-Tipped Shops, Mimes'. 12 to 2.. «>.■>«•
en .Ni.t, m glass jars, special 2Oc O]d Ladies . Comfort Shoes .51 50 $1 75
STARCH—
Celluloid. 3-n, package. 20c MONEY-SAVERS
JAM — j Fine Kir Scotch Ginghams, fast c010r... 5 C
Apricot 'pur* foM) in lanre tins each "5c | Fine Black and White Sateens —;";•.£<>«
Currant, in mal l tH, VfX ' Be Beautiful Figured Sateens. 25c goods lOc
v.is, eacn " c Fine EveninK shades, closing OVc
MANIOCA Family Muslin, good medium quality he
The finest Pudding known. 25c ...15c ladles' Black Wool Tights, closing.... 2S. ROe
CUSTARD Ladles' Winter Combination Suits, gray
ROe, #i 2S
In 12',4c packages, «ach.. Sc Infants' Fine Cream Underwear 25, 50c
_.„_ '""■ Ladles' and Children's nibbed Underwear
SEA BREAD— 25c up
In quarter-ensr-s, so-n,, each 0 Heavy Wool Hose, ladles' or children's. 25e
L. & P. SAUCE ' California Gray Wool Blankets, g00d....*3 50 I
, Br _,ii >,,,, «, , Common Cotton Blankets. pnir ROe. 91 25
2 small bottl.s for 45c celebrated Wilson Shirts, for everyday
WHEAT MANNA— wear 50c
(Limit 2 pkk's). per package 5 C
H!g buyers save big money with us . """^ •*• ™ **** " *■"' ~ ~wm
t/ISU STORE
Home Circle for November now ready »m>JP UTB *ir 1 X* t\ Sm
rt ;g ;, ly ' patronB THE BIG STORE AT THE FERRY,
P UOLIDAT GOODS constantly arriving. 25-27 Market St.
turn? wptp received Indicating greater Re-
Cublican gains, and the hand that ha<l
awaiting orders at the Republican
headquarters struck up for the first
t i m »- during the night, the Kie>- club
chimed in. and the Republican jollification
was inaugurate.] about midnight with all
il demonstrations.
At 11:30 p. m. Chairman Beward of the
Democratic Committee was asked for a
•nent on the Ohio results, but de
clined to make one for the Associated
Press. He was then asked if he conceded
the election of Judge Nash or claimed the
election of McLean, to which he replied:
"1 will say nothing."
There were no Jones legislative or other
candidates, but Samuel M. Jones, Mayor
of Toledo, is certainly the closest third
that ever entered the Ohio gubernatorial
race. There is not the usual percentage
of either Republican or Democratic
or losses, as the gains run for the Repub
licans in some places and for the Demo
crats in other sections.
Hon. C. L. Kurtz, the Ohio member of
the Republican National Committee, who
is in Governor Bushnell's office figuring
returns, said:
"I regard the returns received up to this
time as insufficient to make a correct esti
mate fn thf vote for Covernnr. The firnt
precincts reported are usually the ones in
which there is a small vote and thr vote
Is less liable to fluctuation than in other
precincts. Hence it i« idle to claim either
the election of N'ash <>r McLean as vet."
TOLEDO, Nov. 7. -Mayor Jqnes at 9
o'clock conceded his own defeat.
"If my race has contributed in any
way," ht' said, "to the BUCcesi 'if J"hn K.
McLean and a rebuke to the infamous
Philippine policy of the Administration, 1
feel that it has not been in vain.
"The result of th.- election is extremely
gratifying to m<\ us it must be to every
[over of liberty. The vote for the non
partisan idea is lar^e enough to justify
the claim that the cause has won the
greatest victory ever recorded in thf- po
litical history of the State.
"1 believe the moral force will lead the
Legislature to pass the Municipal Code
Commission hill, which provides that
every municipal officer in Ohio shall he
elected by the Don-partisan plan, doing
away entirely with present parties in all
our cities. Furthermore, the vote of the
non-partisan idea will have Its Influence
in shaping issues next year. There will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
be more of morals in the national plat
forms by the reason of it.
"I am thankful that the non-partisan
vote in Ohio may be recorded as favor
ing a Christian policy toward the Philip
pines."
Jones precinct began coming in after
midnight. Indications now are that Nash
will barely jiuli through, as all save three
of the country precincts are in. Seventy
two out of 110 precincts give Nash 60%.
Mel. pan 4557. Jones BB9L Nearly all re
maining precincts are Democratic. It Is
Impossible to tell at this time which can
didate will carry Lucas County.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Nov. " 7.— Senator
Hanna received the election returns at the
Union Club. At midnight he made the
following statement:
"Under the conditions It has been a
splendid Republican victory. The returns
have come in so slowly that it is im
possible to say just how emphatic the
victory is. but it is a magnificent one.
It was an Indorsement of the Republican
party, and a splendid one. it is too soon
to say thai l am satisfied with the result,
for we do not know certainly what the
result Is. But we know enough to know
that it is. a great victory for \w party.
The result in Cuyahoga County is not
diffcrrin from what was expected, and
was due to local conditions which were
pretty well understood before the elec
tion. The result bo far as this county is
concerned has no real significance and,
while it is not pleasant, it is not a sur
prise. When the returns an- all in it will
b< possible to analyze the figures and un
derstand all they mean, but until the re
turns an mor<- com] is no use
saying anything more than that they
show a Republican victory."
GAINS IN NEW YORK.
Republican Landslide in Districts
Outside of the City.
NEW FORK, Nov. 7.— Returns from
State and city so far received indicate
that the Republicans will have about the
same majority In the next Assembly as
' fn the last, the Democratic gains in this
being .<: Y s-t by losses in the small,
i counties. The Republicans have elected
I 91 Assemblymen and the Democrat
| Republican gain of 14. and a Repi
mapority of 32. Democrats suffered grave
reverses in Erie County (Buffalo) and
j Chemung County, the home of ex-Se
j David B. Hill. In the city elections up
I the State the Democratic vote showed a
! great falling off. Buffalo, Troy and Al
bany gave large Republican majorities,
• num. Maj .>r Jam. a X
I McGuire <D.i is re-elected -Mayor of
! Syracuse, a tribute to his personal popu
: larity.
In the four counties of New York City
the usual big Democratic majorities were
j rolled up, every candidate in every county
MOST UNIQUE FIGURE
IN AMERICAN POLITICS
SAMUEL M. JONES OF TOLEDO.
Samuel M. Jones, the man who stirred things up so in Ohio yesterday, is prob
ably tho most unique (i^uro now in American politics. He is known as the "gold
en rule" Mayor of Toledo, and is trying his besi to apply the ethics of Christ to
everyday business life. As Mr. Jones says of himself, he was "fortunate enough
to be born of parents who were very poor." At IS he went to Pennsylvania, be
came Interested in the production of crude petroleum, invented a clover appar
atus, and now owns a big factory in Toledo in which the only regulations for the
workmen are big signs on the walls bearing in print the words of the golden rule.
The way Mr. Jones modernizes the grand words of the Savior is, "Do unto others
as it you were the others." His employed work eight hours a day, with numerous
holidays, on which he entertains them in splendid style. At Christmas he shares
with them the profits of the past year. He Bays the present system of production
and distribution is un.iust, and f. does all he can to equalize things between him
self and those he employs. When he ran for Mayor he had all the saloons, all the
politicians and all tho machines against him. He had nobody with him except the
wageworkers, but they elected him handily. Mr. Jones is a strong advocate of
municipal ownership of public services, and the basis of his proposed reforms is
Christian ethics. He was nominated as an independent candidate for Governor
and made a vigorous canvass of the State. The result of his canvass is to be
seen in the election returns from Ohio published this morning.
being elected except Gray, Democratic
candidate for Recorder of Kings, against
whom charges of corruption had been
made.
Tammany shows no elation over the
plurality of over 50.000 for its New York
county ticket, having expected it. The re
ioicing is over the defeat of Assembly
man Robert Mazet (R.) by Perez M. Stew
art in the Nineteenth Assembly District,
which usually is strongly Republican. Dr.
Nelson H. Henry (R.) in the Fifth As
sembly District, against whom the labor
unions made a fight, was re-elected.
In the Thirty-fourth Congressional Dis
trict K. B. Vreeland (R.) was elected by
an immense majority— at least 10,000.
The boroughs of Manhattan and the
Bronx gave, for Justice of the Supreme
Court, Barnett (R. and D.) 1!)2 53'j Daly
(R.) 78,754, O'Gorman (D.) 122.731. I
The borough of Manhattan and the!
GOVERNORS ELECTED IN SIX STATES.
Bronx give for Surrogate Varnum (K.)
83,683; Thomas (D.) 133.731.
The boroughs (jf Manhattan and Bronx,
for Sheriff, give O'Brien (R.) 89,639; Groll
(D.) 139,129.
Kings County complete gave for Regis
ter. H'uve (R.) 79.217, Gray (D.) 77.7U4.
The Nineteenth Assembly District com
plete gave Macet iR.) 42"i, Stewart (D.)
4687.
The R< publicans elected only four As
semblymen In New York County, and one
of these Is an anti-organization man.
Taking all the Assembly districts in the
State the Republican plurality Is 35,800,
rdlng to the Tribune's returns, as
compared with Roosevelt's plurality of
IT 7 y >; last j • ;u\
BUFFALO, Nov. 7.— The standard vot
ing machine was used in this city to-day
for the first time, and accomplished all
that was expected of it. The result in
the city w.is Known forty-five minutes
aft op the polls closed on the head of thfl
ticket, which was computed first. The
Republicans made a clean sweep, electing
the City Treasurer and other rliy officers
by majorities ranging from 2000 to 9 '
The Republicans also elect their entire
Councilmanic ticket, giving them seven
members and the Democrats two. They I
also elect thirteen of the twenty-five Al- |
dermen. In the county, Thomas Penney i
(R.)i for District Attorney, is elected by i
10,000 plurality, and John W. Neff, for I
County Auditor, by "000. D. J. Kenefick,
W. B. Hooker and T. C. White (R.) have
been re-elected Justices of the Supreme
Court in the Eighth Judicial District by
large majorities.
l/TICA, Nov. 7.— R. W. Sherman (D.) is
elected Mayor of Utlca by 87. The bal
ance of the ticket is Democratic by ma
jorities ranging from 200 to 300. Two of
the three Assembly districts in Oneida
County show no change.
. ITHACA. Nov. 7.— The city of Ithaca
gives the Democratic candidate for Coun
ty Treasurer a plurality of 157 and the
Republican candidate for Sheriff 190. The
: Standard voting- machine was used in this
I city and the result was known seventeen j
minutes after the polls closed.
ALBANY, N. V.. Nov. 7.— lt is given out
at Democratic headquarters that the Re
publican ticket, headed by Blessing for
Mayor and containing the names of some
Democrats, has been elected. This is a
Republican victory, the first in many
years.
ROCHESTER, Nov. ".—Rochester com
plete Rives Carnahan (R.) 23f>3 plurality
for Mayor.
OSWEGO, Nov. 7.— Albert Hall (D.) was
elected Mayor by about 200 majority.
MASSACHUSETTS' VOTE.
Republican Majority Is Upward of
Sixty-Five Thousand.
BOSTON. Nov. 7.-The Republicans
carried Massachusetts to-day by over 55.
--000 votes, plectlng W. Murray Crane <j<>v
crnor. The entire Republican State
ticket was elected by practically the same
plurality as the heart of the ticket, and
the Legislature of 1900 will also be Re
publican by the usual large majority.
there being few changes in either branch.
The total vote fur Governor, with one
town missing was as follow?: W. Murray
Crane (R.) 165.846, Robert Treat Paine Jr.
(D.) 103,812.
The Senate of 1900 will stand 31 Repub
licans to 9 Democrats and the House 166
Republicans, 7" Democrats, 2 Socialists
and 2 Independents. This shows a loss of
two Republican Senators and three Re
publican Representatives. In addition to
the three Republican places the Demo
crats to-day have also tilled two seats
held by [ndepi ndenta last year. The Dem
ocrats of the First Middlesex Senatorial
District elected their candidates for the
first time. The Socialists lost a repre
sentative in Haverhill, but a member of
that party was chosen from the Fourth
Plymouth District, thereby giving thorn
the same quota as last year. The Social
ists at Haverhill made up for their loss
by giving their candidate fur Governor a
greater vote than that received by the
Democratic nominee. In other parts of
the State the Socialist doctrine was given
some indorsement.
The Democrats to-day had no diffi
culty in carrying the city of Boston.
For the past three years the city
had indorsed the Republican candidate
fir Governor, but this year Robert
Trent Paine Jr.. the Democratic nominee,
received a plurality of 6196 over W. Mur
ray Crane (R.). Paine's total vote was
32.502 and Crane received 26.:;:tt5. Last year
Wolcott <R.) carried the city by a
plurality of 1597 over Bruce (D.). These
figures show a loss for Crane from Wol
cott's vote of 7179 and a gain for Paine
over Briu'e of 911. The decreased Crane
vote is partly due to the fact that he
comes from the western part of the State
and did not have the local popularity that
Wolcott had. The Democrats made every
effort to rally a bier plurality to strengthen
themselves for the city election . next
month.
The expansion question apparently
played little part in the election, and
Senator Herbert C. Parsons of Greenfield,
where the question was an issue before
the people, was defeated. Mr. Parsons
ran independently and was assisted In his
campaign by a number of anti-expansion
ists from this city.
BIG GAIN IN IOWA.
Net Republican Increase About Four-
teen to Each Precinct.
DES MOINEB, lowa. Nov. S.-At 1:30
a. m. 686 precincts of the 2052 in the State
give Shaw (R.) for Governor 91,593; White
(I).), 07,565. The same precincts two years
ago gave Shaw 56.565, White 72,392. This
is a net Republican pain of 9553, or about
fourteen to a precinct. The same ratio,
if continued for the State, will give a Re
publican plurality of about 00, 000. There
are a few Republican gains in the Leg
islature, and the Indications are the Re
publicans will have 115 of the 150 mem
bers.
The indications are that the Republican
total vote will show a decrease of six
per cent from two years ago and that
the Democratic total vote will show a loss
of about ten per cent.
The probabilities are that there will be
eighty Republican members in the House
and thirty-five Republican in the Senate,
a net Republican gain of ten. It seems
that this strength is certain, and it is
probable that it will be increased when
all the returns are in.
Chairman Huffman of the Democratic
State Centra] Committee concedes the
State by 40.000. while the Republican State
chairman claims it will go 65,000 or better.
SALT LAKE REPUBLICAN.
SALT LAKK, Nov. S.— Returns up to
midnight indicate that Thompson (R.)
has boon elected Mayor by 500 or 600 ma
jority and that the Republicans have
elected a majority of the city Councilman.
OGDEN. I'tah. Nov. 7.— The Democrats
elect" their city ticket, except Treasurer,
by a majority of 20 out of 4000 votes. The
City Council is equally divided.
Militia Ordered Out at
Louisville to Insure a
Fair Count.
Machine Politics and Bryanism
Repudiated by Voters of the
Blue Grass State.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 7.— ln one precinct in this city to-night while the <
' count was In progress, a body of armed men, said to have come irom the Re- "
[ publican headquarters, attempted to enforce a fair count, as they claimed.
. Reaching the precinct, they were met by a number of police and citizens. *
• Firearms were brought into use and about a hundred shots were fired. One ,
• negro was wounded, not seriously. The attacking party fled and no arrests
• have been made.
LOUISVILLE, Nov. 7.— At 6 o'clocK
this evening Colonel C. C. Mengel
received orders from Governor
Bradley to send to the polls at
once the Louisville Legion, which
had been under arms at its armory all
day in readiness for a call. Up to this
time the election had been one of the
quietest ever known here. The balloting
proceeded all day without any disorder.
A fc-w arrests for alleged interference
with voters were made, but there was less
than the usual amount of friction between
workers for the respective candidates.
When the polls closed at 4 o'clock the
Inspectors representing the interests of
the Brown ticket appeared and demanded
admittance to watch the count. This was
clone under an injunction issued by Judge
Toney cf the Circuit Court shortly before
noon, restraining the city authorities and
officers of election from interfering with
the Brown inspectors. About the middle
of the afternoon the Republicans secured
a similar order for their inspectors on the
representation that they were threatened
with interference.
In a number of places the inspectors
were refused recognition, and Governor
Bra'Jley's order for troops to go to the
polls was made upon a statement by
Judge Toney reciting this state of affairs.
Judge Toney's letter to Governor Brad-
Icy follows:
LOX'ISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 7, 1<!99.
Governor W. O. Bradley. City— Sir: Two man
datory Injunctions were to-day issued by me
as "no of the- Judges of the Jefferson Circuit
Court requiring election officers at the elec
I "Yeargood" overcoats come ._ I
\ in all cloths that overcoats are f^&L ll
| made into, and the prices range t^JSjZ H
■ from $12.^0 to $25.00. Every ls^y[ : M
I "Yeargood" overcoat is guaran- j&jbk I
I teed— a year's repair- y^^^^k^ fl
I ing free of charge ; s^mv'j\'tf\ <l m
I money returned if gK^ ft \ i 9
you are dissatisfied. W^*i*tilF\r^JI A llf
§ Cheviots $7.50 I m^%! I
I Royal Kerseys $10 // jm "^| i
| Those are as good // |H . H
| values for the money s^ [fn-l T B
B as we ever had in jL __ ~~_j^ 11
| our store. They are fßll m
| just the coats for winter fci|| W^| H
% wear made and lined with I|H 111 l p|
I well made and lined with II \ 1 ||
I excellent farmer's satin; 11 B ujl M
I buttons are properly sewed ; 1 1| I|| m
1 in fact the whole overcoat || || ||
I is well made inside and out. J;jl _- lill |1
I You can imagine their values dW^ Hi m
p when we say we never :^i ||
p had better . ones for the «^ 1
I money, and we have always carried a big 1
| stock of the best of overcoats. I
I I Children's Top Coats I
I Made of covert material, a desirable shade, fly ||
| front, two pockets, ages 4to 9 years, for I
1 $ 4.50. . I
I (lll)s.N.wooDeco|ji^ I
I *%*»£s/ 718 MARKET 5T N^to^/ ||
i Out-of-town orders filled— write us. pj
tion precincts to allow the inspectors for th«
Brown and Republican tickPth entrant to the
voting precincts tn witness and inspect the
count. It has been represented to mo that
these injunctions are being contemptuously
ignored and violated.
I have issued the decree or judgment of law.
I am not a ministerial officer and cannot en
force it. I call your attention to this fact
as Chief Executive of the State that you may
take such action to see that trie laws are exe
cuted as you may deem proper under the cir
cumstances. Yours very truly,
STERLING B. TON'EY.
Judge Jefferson Circuit Court, Law and Equity
Division.
The men were ready, and within a few
minutes began to form about the armory.
Belts were loaded with ball cartridges and
every man had his bayonet fixed. Colonel
Mengel, who was in uniform for the first
time since the regiment was placed in
readiness for a call, assumed command.
As soon as the order became known
Sheriff Bell hastened to the armory and
protested against the calling out of the
troops, on the ground that there had been
no disorder and no trouble, and that there
was no occasion for action by the State
authorities; that Judge Toney had not
made any representations to him, the
Sheriff, as peace officer of the county;
that there had not been any interference
with his order. Colonel Mengel replied
that he was acting under instructions
from Governor Bradley.
Shortly after 7 o'clock orders to march
were given. Companies B, C and D
swung into Main street and started on
double-quick for the lower quarters of the
city in the West End. They visited poll
ing places en route and inquired into the
treatment of the representatives of all
parties. Everything was found quiet,
however, and the bluecoats were marched
back to headquarters. The only excite
ment noticeable was that occasioned ny
their presence. Meanwhile the count
was proceeding in all the voting places
of the city.
KENTUCY RETURNS.
Taylor Elected Governor by a Com-
fortable Plurality.
LOUISVILLE. Nov. 7.-By the com
bined efforts of the Republicans and anti-
Goebelites. Attorney W. S. Taylor (R.) has
been elected Governor of Kentucky by a
plurality variously estimated at about
10,000 over Goebel (D.). Returns up to
midnight also indicate the election of the
entire Republican ticket, while the com
plexion of the Legislature is in doubt.
The weather throughout the State was
perfect and more than an average vote
was polled, the total falling but little
short of the vote polled in the last Presi
dential election. Comparatively little dis
order prevailed, and aside from several
arrests for alleged violation of election
laws the election was characterized by a
remarkable degree of quietude.
Chairman Long of the Republican cam
34
LATEST LONDON ADVICES SHOW THAT JOHN BULL HAS A FIRM GRASP ON THE SITUATION.
HORRIBLE FATE OF
SHIPWRECKED MEN
Crew of the Lost Ship MadaleQe
Believed to lr\Q\ie Been Cap
tured by CaQnibals.
ILPHIA, Nov. 1 Littlehales of the British sir
which has arrlvt I 1 ■ ' •■• ' coast of South America,
Information •■■- '- 1 fate of the missing French si
led from Valparaiso for Havre and disappi
■ it the Kurdistan's stopping points
■ little doul ' c was wi r the
Bt raits of Magellan and that her crew
band of Patagonia cannibals.
From lights seen Inarntng at night. Captain Littlehales thin the crew
Sought refuge at Otter Point, a short distance outside of the straits entrance,
whore the Kurdistan anchored on the right of September 14, on her way to
Philadelphia. Whether they were signal lights for assistance Captain i.itt
liales could not toll, as he did not know of the loss of the vessel until he had
point
While the Kurdistan was at Valparaiso an American Bailor named Stet
son boarded the vessel and stated thai he had left the Madalene because of
■
paign committee said at midnight that
Taylor's plurality would not be less than
15,000; that Taylor had carried the Third,
Fourth; Fifth.' Ninth and Eleventh Con
gressional Districts; while the Eighth and
Y : 'nih were close. The Republicans have
made heavy sains in most all of the Dem
ocratic strongholds; which were expected
to give Gdebel large majorities. Chair
man Long claimed Louisville for the Re
publicans by from 3miO to .10uu majority.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. 7.— Senator
Blackburn and others at the Goebtd head
quarters at midnight admitted the returns
from many Democratic counties are dis
appointing, but claim this is particularly
offset by private dispatches' from the
Eleventh District; Indicating a falling off
Jn the Republican vote. Blackburn now
claims Goebel will win by 5000. This is a
reduction of 2n.'iOo, us compared with
claims made two hours ertrlier.
Kx-S.'nator Blackburn sent the follow
ing telegram to WJ .1. Bryan:
"We have carrii-d Kentucky I v a small
but safe majority. Sincere congratula
tions on your splendid victory In Ne
kn."
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Nov. $.— A bulletin
J=surd by the Onebel campaign committee
says:
"We have not enough Information con
cerning th<? State to go into details, but
we r.re confident wo have won. though the
majority is small."
MARYLAND DEMOCRATIC.
Republicans Probably Lose Control of
the Legislature.
I.TIM- ■!.":' Nov. S.— Returns from
both the city and State have been very
fiiow In corning to hand, and at 2 o'clock
'tills (.Wednesday,) morning the full vite
from only Thirteen wards of. Baltimore
have been received. while ii the
btsuo not a single county Is complete. The
thirteen complete wards In the city, with
Hie balance estimated, show a plurality
i<ir Smith .D.) for Governor of 7541J while
i:. the balance of the State his plurality
will probably be between 2JWO ana 3tfw.
The Democrats have carried tue three
legislative districts in Baltimore, and
lite probabilities are that they win
h:tve seventy-live misers in the Lower
House of the General Assembly; while the
Repu.blich.ns appear to have elected- but
sixieen. [ The Senate will be very close,
with the chances slightly favoring: the
Democratic claim of a majority ol two.
Oil the race of the returns, the- Repub
licans have carrion but five counties In
the State, viz: Allegheny, Charles; Gar?
nett; Anne Arundel and Somerset. Five
uthers are doubtful: These are Carroll,
jljorchesur. Prince George, St. Mary's
«iiii<3 Calvert: The Democrats Lave earned
\ beyond a reasonable doubt the remaining
: thirteen Including Frederick and ua» h
[lngton; by rrajomies ranging from 1200 in
I Baltimore and 12".»-i in Dorchester; wo to
a Close margin in some of the others.
A special from Cumberland to th. Bal
timore Sun quotes.' tienatdr Wellington as
■ eaylng that tiil.s vras one of the happiest
days of h:s life. The Senator adeied:
"'I;.. defeat of the Republican party in
this contest was not a surprise to me.
At the tlrr." of my retirement from the
■chairmanship of the State Central Com*
( inittee of the party there was no question
3ii my mind as to "the result. 1 counseled
Governor Lowndes then that his only es
<i'P<; from defeat was his retirement from
the ticket. 1 f*lt convinced that alter his
duplicity, weakness and treachery it
' would be Impossible for him to be ejected.
tile prefferredHhe advice of the coterie of
Republicans and us;s!st?.:it Republicans;
Cowen and Warfleld; at whose -dictation
i:e hatl betrayed i:n-. 7 knew that he was
foredoomed to defeat; and though some
of my friends thought It unwise for me
io put myself on record In a declaration.
that he would be i .■•■:: 1 felt no hesita
i!.on because of Ihe conviction I had.
"Kour years ago, !>y my effort iie was
. nominated for if.f Governorship and '
elected to that office. This year It wa«
only necessary lor me to stand aside at
liis bidding and Inevitable and overwhelm-'
ing defeat came. up him. notwithstanding
ft he assurance that the independent aiid
gold Democracy and corporation Influ
ences would be exerted to the utmost In '
his behalf.
"The defeat 1. told him of ha? come
upon him and he hap not only the bitter
ness of a candidate that is beaten but
of on* who !n his own heart knows that ;
the. defeat is a just chastisement ai rhe
hands of the people for Ms we:, icr.^f-, and i
treachery. This is not a defeat for the i
Republican party; it Is a defeat for
lyowndes and his personal allies."
The Democrats are wild with enthusi- '•
asm, while the Republicans, are corre- I
spondingly depressed over the "result |
The gold Democrats as an organization
supported-. Governor l.owndes, but tlv % y
teem to"; have had but little effect on the
result: ••-.-. ■ ,
Lloyd ;-wilklnson, secretary of . the
What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness !
i\ jts soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings ;
the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
Democratic State Central Committee, to
night made the following statement re
garding the suit of to-day's election:
"Mr. Smith's majority in the State v ill
be from 14.000 to 15,000, with a majority in
both houses of the Legislature. The re
sult shows ear] thai Ihe Democrats
were thoroughly united and that the Re
publicans were dvtdi.-d In Baltimore city
and in several of the counties. Nation*!
issues were not considered in this con
test. The nominees of the Democratic
State convention were factory to
Democrats • rally, and the way they
were nominated 'met "with general ap
proval. The result of to-day's election
show? that Maryland Is a Democratic
State whenever the party is united."
FUSION WINS IN NEBRASKA.
Holcomb's Majority From Five to
Ten Thousand.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Nov. ".— Incomplete, re
turns from Interior counties. of Nebraska
show that Iloleomb, the fusion candidate
for the Supreme bench, ...is made pains
over he fusion vote of last year for Gov
ernor, which insures his election by from
50>'i<V to- .10,000 majority over Reese, the
Republican! candidate tor the Supreme
bench. Chairman Dahlman of the Demo
cratic State Committee pays his reports
to-night warrant the claim of 15,000 ma
jority for Holcomb. This conclusion Is
based on a proportionate increase if the
fusion vote. Chairman Edmiston of th"
Populist committee says thai Ilolcomb is
elected by at least 32,000 votes and pos
sibly more.
Returns from Omaha precincts indicate
substantial gains for Holcomb and smaller
gains for the Fusion ticket as compared
with last year. In forty-seven precincts
the total vote polled for Reese (R.) is Ls33,
as against a total for Ilolcomb (Pop. » of
4GOS. In these forty-seven precincts Ilol
comb gains .11 votes above the fusion vote
of last year. Holcomb runs ahead of his
ticket, and it is doubtful whether any
fusionlsts on the county ticket are elected.
Incomplete returns from the Sixth Con
gressional District show heavy gains for
the Republicans, and it is possible that
Kincaid (R.) may pull through in a dis
trict which for a number of years has
given a largo fusion majority.
LINCOLN; Nov. B.— Returns up to mid
night continues to show the same fusion
gain as earlier reported, and there is no
longer the lea£l doubt of the fusion tick
et's election. Chairman Edmiton of the
Populist State Central Committee said:
"Wo have carried the State by 15,000 and
have made sains in county offices
Chairman TelTt of the Republican Com
mittee declined to make a statement, but
ninny of his associates admitted defeat,
though not conceding It by as large a
majority as claimed by the fusionists.
Asked at midnight for a statement, \V. J.
Bryan replied with laughter:
"I concede the State of Nebraska to the
fuFionSsts by lo.OOO." r • ' -
Thit (.Lancaster) county elects the. en
tire Republican county ticket, with the
exception of Sheriff.
LANDSLIDE IN KANSAS.
Republican Gain of Ten Per Cent
Thrcmghout the State.
Torr:KA. Kans.. Nov. 7.— Returns re
ceived up to midnight Indicate that the
Republicans will' hold the 19 per cent
State gain predicted earlier to-day. Cow
ley County Is in the lead, so far as heard
from, showing an averago Republican
gain of WO over last year. In Redg
wick County the entire Republican ticket
Ik elected except District Judge, for which
Hale (D. ) is re-elected. There seems no
great gain or lows in Sedgwick County, in
Leavcnworth County the ticket is divided.
Kverhart fD.) Is elected Sheriff by 300,
defeating Captain Albright (R.) of the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment. In Douglas
County the Republican ticket is elected
and slight gains are Indicated. Captain
Krause of the Twentieth Kansas, fusion
nomjnee for County Register of Deeds.
was defeated In this county. In Tyone
County, the entire Republican ticket is
elected.
The Republicans have elected eight out
of the twelve candidates for District
Judge hi the State. In the Thirty-sixth
Judicial District, where a bitter contest,
was on, the two Republican candidates,
Charles Johnson and Cyrus Barrel, sjnit
the vote, and the Democrat, Gephart,
went in.
The Republicans elncted their only two
candidates 'for State Senator. They were
John Chancy of Shawnee County and C.
C. McCarthy- at Jefferson County.
In Kansas City. Kan., and Wyandotte
County, where thY normal Republican ma
jority is about 2000. the Democrats elected
thp District Judge and County Clerk, the
Republicans holding the other offices. In
Atchißon County the Republican ticket,
with the exception of one Commissioner,
Is elected by reduced pluralities. . Hutcn
msoti reports a Republican success in
Reno County by 800 plurality, a Republi
can gain of 300."
„
NEW JERSEY IN LINE.
Republicans Increase Their Majority
in the Legislature.
TRENTON. N. J.. Nov. 7.-The returns
at midnight indicate, that the Republicans
have carried the State by about 20,000 plu
rality, although there was no direct vote
on a State ticket. The Republicans will
control both houses of the Legislature by
good working majorities and will have
an increased representation In the House
of Assembly. The Republicans have
elected Senators In Camden, Gloucester,
"'••""■"' TTninn and \Cxua-x. -ana nrobablv
HIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
lin Salem and Monmouth. The Democrats
! have elected but one Senator, In Warren, i
The Senate will stand fourteen Republi
cans to seven Democrats. The Democrat*
> lost three Assemblymen In Middlesex and
I one In Salem, and the next Assembly will
be composed of forty-one Republicans and
: emocrats, as against thirty
id twenty-three Dem- ;
hi i ats fast year.
The rp<ni!t in Monmouth Is very close. ;
' but It la believed that the Republicans
hay elected Francis Senator and that
the Democrats have elected Assemblymen
officers. The Republicans car
ried Cumberland for the Assembly, but
the Democrats elected the County Clerk
Sheriff The Republicans carried
: their entire ticket In Middlesex and Union
ties.
RESULT IN COLORADO.
Democrats Win a Decisive Victory In
Arapahoe County.
DENVER, Nov. 7.— To-day'? election
ilted In a victory for the Demn
ratic ticket In this (Arapahoe) county
by a plurality 'if from "000 to T>O<y>. and
. :■ r ijorlty. The Silver Re
lublican vote will not reach 5000, out of a
atal f 55,000 votes cast in the county.
ill is largely due to the popularity
>f the proposition to Issue bonds of the
• Denver for the oonstructlon of a
■ ' water plant, which was advo
■ i m rats and •■i-iiosect by
•■ parties. The prop isition cai ri d
majority. The women were
iring th day as well as dur
ampaign. Returns from the
.. meager and Indicate that
ire mix-*], only county officers
a ■ :>■ \-,.t..,1 for In this Stn.f£>.
PENNSYLVANIA RESULTS.
Barnett Elected Treasurer by Over a
Hundred Thousand Votes.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 7.— Estimates
from all the counties In the State indicate
that Barnett (R.). candidate for State
Treasurer, will have a plurality over
Cready (D.) of L 25.483. In some counties
the estimates are necessarily based on
meager information and complete returns
may change the figures here given.
In 1887, when Swallow (Ind.) carried ten
counties In the State, the plurality of
Beacon (R.) was 129,717, and in 1895 the
plurality was for 1 lay wood (ll. > 174.254.
The vote In Philadelphia on the question
of the authorization of a $12,000,000 im
provement of the city water supply shows
the citizens to be overwhelmingly In fa
vor of the proposition, the rage ratio
of fnvnrulilo rntoe hoinir yliont in to 1
SOUTH DAKOTA SAFE.
Returns to the Republican Column
by at Least Eight Thousand.
ABERDEEN, s. I > . Nov. 7.— Chairman
Herrer of I R -üblican Pt.-ite Central
( 'uinmit tee says:
i regrei tne smaii voTe cast in tne
State, ('. ict that the farmers nn
busy. Had there been a full vote there
i\.uid nave been a Republican landslide.
It Is we will carry the State by at
rity. This victory is espe
cially Kra! [fj ; ■• of th< d(
jfforts of the fusionists, and because
Senator Pettigrew threw his personality
into tire fight for ;ill he was worth."
Twenty counties and twenty-four pre
rincts In the State ?riv«- Republicans 5641,
Fusionists 5776. clearly Indicating a Re
majority of 10,000 The Black
Hills counties gave Increased Republican
majorities over two years ago.
MISSISSIPPI AS USUAL.
Southern State Offers Consolation to
Democratic Partisans.
JACKSON, Miss., Nov. 7. -Scattering re
turns received from representative sec
tions of tl.e State Indicate a very liprht
vote In the Mississippi election. The en
tire Democratic State ticket is elected by
Ljority conservatively estimated :tt
30,000. The official count will not greatly
vary these figures. The Populist vote
shows a decided falling off, which will
probably amount to 80 per cent. Not over
•.otes were polled during the day.
The Populists have probably elected a
member of the Legislature from Choetaw
The vote on the X.'^l amend
ment, providing for an elective ludtciary.
is decidedly close, and will require an of
i;< lal count to determine the result.
LIGHT VOTE IN VIRGINIA.
Democrats Will Have a Large Ma
jority in the Legislature.
RICHMOND. Va.. Nov. 7.- Returns up
to 11:30 o'clock to-night show that both
branches of the Legislature will be over
whelmingly Democratic. The voting was
exceedingly light, the principal contests
being between Democrats and Indepen
dents and the warmest of these fights
was iv the Isle of Wight Senatorial Dis
trict, where the Democrats lost. Another
warm fight was in Shenondoah County
for Mi** House, the Independent candidate
winning. On the basis of present returns
It is figured that seven Democrats are
elected.
DEMOCRATS CARRY DETROIT
DETROIT, Nov. 7.— The official count
from all of the city's precincts shows 'hat
Mayor Maybnry (D.) has been re-elected
to a third .term. by 2937 majority. City
Treasurer Thompson received C 427 major
ity over Ms Republican opponent and is
re-elected to a second term. City Clerk
John Schmidt (R. i gets a third term by
13SS majority. The Democrats elected
eight Aldermen and the Republicans nine,
making the Council stand nineteen Re
publicans to fourteen Democrats.
MADE CLEVELAND MOVE ON
PRINCETON, K. J., Nov. 7.— As ex-
Prrsidt-nt Grover Cleveland was leaving
the polls on Mercer street this morning
he stopped a moment to speak to one of
his friends, whereupon an overofflcioua
policeman from Trenton, detailed at the
polls, not knowing who Mr. Cleveland
was, ordered the ex-President to move
outside the chalk line. Mr. Cleveland
smiled, stepped into Ills carriage and was
driven off to his home.
BOARD OF BISHOPS.
Work of the Leaders of the Methodist
Episcopal ; Church.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 7.-The final
session of the semi-annual meeting of the
Board of Bishops of the Methodist Epis
copal church .was held to-day behind
closed doors. After to-day's session the
Bishops departed for ' Baltimore-, whore
they will meet the general committee on
church extension, to assemble Thursday
morning. A number of the prelates will
remain in Baltimore over Sunday and
others will return to this city to speak
from local pulpits in the interest of. the
Freedmen's Aid cnuse.
The entire Board of Bishops will meet
the general committee of the Freedmen's
Aid and the Southern Educational Soci
ety in this city in a two days' conference,
beginning November 31.
On November 15 the board will go to
Washington to meet the general mission
ary committee.
STUDYING AMERICAN
ELECTION METHODS
Lord Mayor Tallon of Dublin Gets an
Interesting Object Lesson at
New York.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.-Lord Mayor Tal
lon of Dublin and the Hon. John B. Rrd
mond, M. P.. came to New York from
Boston for the express purpose of seeing
how an election is conducted in: New
York City. Edward ©"Flaherty and Will
lam Temple Bmmett escorted them to
police headquarters and thence to the
various newspaper bulletin boards on
Talk How. where the election retuniß
were being exhibited.
1: speaking of the election the I^nrd
Mayor said he was astounded at the ex
peditious manner in which an election in
such a large city as New York wa>
<h:( ted, and said It reflected great credit
t'n the municipal and police authorities.
Injured at a Fire.
OTTAWA, Ont.. Nov. 7. -While the fire
brigade was engaged to-day in cutting
OUI a lire which started In the O.ttawu
carbide works at Chaudlere the carbide
exploded and Injured ten or fifteen men.
Chief Provost of the Eire brigade was
badly injured. One man was probably
fatally hurt.
Erne and O'Brien Matched.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— On Uhalf of the
Coney Island Sporting Club William A.
Brady has matched Frank Krne, light
weight champion of the world, against
Jack O'Brien to flghi before the seaside
organization on November 25 for a purse
of $6000, of which th<> winner will receive
Onnnadia Runs Aground.
HAMBURG, Nov. 7.— Shortly after leav
ing this city for San Francisco the British
bark Ormnadia, <'apt;ui: Grelg, grounded
in the Kibe, opposite Blankenes. It whs
very foggy at the time and she struck
heavily. Tugs are endeavoring to get her
off the bar.
Street Car Held Up.
SEATTLE, Nov. 7.— At 11:30 o'clock last
r.l^ht two masked men armed with revol
vers hel<i up a Western-avenue streetcar
which was well loaded with passengers.
Several watches and $60 in cash were ee
cured. The robbers escaped.
Samuel McKinley Dead.
T.OS ANGELES, Nov. 7.— Samuel Me
Klnley, formerly a State Senator of Perm
sylvania and father of Superior Judg<
w. McKinley of this city, died to-day. lit
met with an accident ten days ago aiu
the injury resulted In paralysis.
Succumbs to an Operation.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— Hope Reed • ;
ha inn an of the Hoard of Election Com
missioners and formerly president of the
lamilton Club, died to-day at the Chi
ago Hospital. An operation fur append!
iris was performed on him last night.
A Battle-Scarred Heroine.
There is a very handsome young wo
man In Washington, rather well known
in art circus, who had the misfortune to
f;il! downstairs a few years ago, so badly
fracturing one of her knees that the- limb
had i" ; " % amputated. The young wo
man of course walks with the aid of
crutches. She is not in the least sensi
tive about the matter, and she doesn't
mind Informing properly introduced per
s •: < of the nature of the accident which
maimed her. She has set a little limit.
however, and sh*-- was compelled to use
it one afternoon recently. She got Into
an F street car, bound for the bill, and
found herseW In the same seat with a
sharp-eyed woman, who seemed to take
a loi of interest in her and her crutches.
She scrutinised the young woman's face
carefully for a couple of minutes, then
turned )ifr attention to th" workmanship
of the crutches, which she took the lib
erty to handle curiously. Then she look
ed the >"'uik woman over again, and
fl over to her.
. "D'ye mind teliin' me how you lost
your leg?" she asked, raspily.
"Not in the least," responded the young
woman, amiably. "I lost it in the battle
of Gettysburg. —Washington Post.
Shocked Her.
A Boston woman, a member of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union,
was recently traveling to the Pacific
Coast over the Northern Pacific Railroad.
Now. North Dakota Is a rigid prohibition
State, and the* dining cars have this no
tice posted up in them: "No intoxicating
liquors will be served while the train i.-?
passing through the State of North
Dakota."
The train had been rolling along through
that Interminable State a long time, when
the Boston woman who Is Interested in
temperance came into th«» dining car for
her dinner. Casting her eye out of the
car Window upon a somewhat changed
landscape, she said to the waiter with
purely geographical interest: "Are we
still. ln North Dakota?" ■ . ..-<
'■No, ma'am." said he alertly and with
a hospitable grin: "what'll yon take to
drink, ma'am?"— Boston Transcript.
« ■» »
One of Job's Comforters.
Some persons have peculiar ideas of
how to cheer one up. a fond Brooklyn
mother v.as endeavoring the other day nt
the breakfast table to comfort her
daughter, who had no* received a ]<■;;••!•
for several days from her nee.
"I am sure he is forgetting me," walled
Georgiana, refusing to eat her. toast.
"Oh, I don't think so, dear," said the
fond mother. "Ho always used to say he
couldn't' possibly do it."
"But I never believed him." exclaimed
Georgiana. shaking her head defiantly.
"He's so taken up with the fall shooting
that he thinks of nothing else."
Mamma tried once. more. "Perhaps his
gun exploded and he has been so Injured
that he couldn't, write," she said sooth
ingly.
Georgiana Instantly burst into tears,
and the good old mother was keenly dis
appointed that her effort to comfort the
girl had so signally failed.— York
Tribune.
The Automobil£_Not New.
Professor R. H. Thurston rises to ex
plain that the automobile, or self-moving
carriage, for street purposes, antedates
the locomotive and was suggested by Sir
Isaac Newton as early as 16S0. Of. course,
all the early self-propelled carriages were
driven by steam, but over twenty are said
to have been running in London in 1533,
and it seems that they were quite com
mon for several years, until the fierce op
position of the stage coach proprietors
brought about overmuch legal regulations
of these vehicles, which finally regulated
them out of use.— Boston Globe.
—Chicago Chronicle.
YAQUIS KILL
AN AMERICAN
German Wounded and
Taken Prisoner.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GUAYMAS, Mexico, Nov. 6, via No
gales, Nov. 7— The Taqui Indians have
killed Nettleton. an American, and car
ried a German Into captivity. They have
renewed hostilities in the lower Taqul
Valley and the people In the river town?
in that section are again on the defensive.
A special courier arrived to-<.lay with In
telligence of the terrible fight between
Nettleton, the American, and Rossick, the
German, and Indians at Cajam hacienda,
near Bacum, last Saturday night. The
two men were overseers of the property.
At the beginning of the attack shortly
before daylight they made a brave de
fense and used thHr arms effectively, but
the doors of the hut were battered down
and In the hand-to-hand battle that en
sued Nettleton was shot and clubbed to
death.
Ressick, although wounded, was spared.
After taking ail the provisions In sight
and their 1 rteoner, the Indiana withdrew
to the s.>uth side of the river.
Thr^e Americans have been killed by
the Indians since July. Another natural
ised American, Dr. Wunschow of Oak
iand, Cal., mysteriously disappeared In
August a few miles from Nacosari. Evi
• in this cas»- points to murder. The
missing man's wife has appealed to Con
sul Darnell of Nogales, but the State De
partment luis not been officially notified
of the case.
Cured Him.
"There used to be the greatest hypo
chondriac in Detroit," remarked an old
merchant of the city as he pointed out a i
retired lumberman. •
"Why. he looks the picture of health."
"So he is. Tough as a pine knot. Ought
to live to be 100. But when we were
younger he was always grunting. He
i thought he had everything from gout to
i galloping consumption, and never ex
pected to live the year out. He averaged
a quart of medicine a day, to say nothing
of external applications." :
"What cured him?"
"I did. He growled so much that it
always gave me the blue devils to meet
him. ; One day he was telling me tne old
story of now his days were numbered and
how* he had complications enough to kill
an alligator in twenty-four hours. 'Jim,'
said I. 'you make me tired. Tcu're just
about as pleasant company as a skull and
crossbones. There's nothing on earth the
: matter with you. Give me $1000 a year
while you live and I'll Insure you ."or $20,
--000 and secure payment."
"Did he take it?"
"Jumped at it. Insisted on paying $1000
down so as to make It more binding.
From that minute he began to get strong
and take on flesh. He was worrying
about the money I was getting lnstea.'. of
about himself, don't you see? I caught
him five years running, and since that
he dodge?. Never speaks and never sees
me. Hates me. I suppose. I'd refund, ;
but he'd be sure to have a relapse," and
the old merchant not only chuckled but ;
winked.— Detroit Free Press.
The Only Place to Put Them.
"I say," said a friend the other day,
"you are an old hand at It. I have only
just got married, and don't understand
much about the business. I should like
10 know whether a married man has any
rights left when he takes unto himself a
wife?"
"Rights? Yes, lots. He has a right to
par all the bills-—"
"Stop! I mean this. Let me give you
an instance. Every box, every chest of
drawers and portmanteau, and, In fact.
every available r*H*e^taHe of every de
scription, is stuffed full of my wife's prop
erty, and when 1 want to put. away a few
cuffs and collars — "
"Hold hard. I know what you mean,
listen, young man. If your bedroom
were 200 yards long, lined from the door
to the celling with shelves, and you
wanted a place to stow away a couple of
shirts, you couldn't find a nook that
wasn't full Of hairpins, scent bottles, odd
gloves, pieces of ribbon, odd feathers and
artificial flowers, little bits of tape and
buttons galore, with pins and needles
thrown In, so just accept the inevitable.
Wrap your personal property In an old
newspaper parcel and- hide it under the
bed."
He grinned ironically, but passed on a
sadder and wiser man.— London Tit-Bits.
'.:;.-■".".■ : » » ■
A Rural Court. Scene.
A couple applied to a rural Justice of
the Peace for total divorce The Justice
colled the bailiff aside and asked in a
whisper: .
"What's the law on that pint?"
"Yon can't do it." replied the bailiff, "it
don't come under yer jurisdiction."
"We're willin' to pay casn f> r it." re
plied the husband, imi understanding the
nature of the consultation. "I've got the
money la this here Btockin'."
The Justice looked grave. Then, adjust
ing his spectacles and addressing the
man. said:
"You knowed 'fore you come here that
'twarn't fer me ter separate husband an'
wife, an' yet you not only take up 'lie
time O* this here valuable court with yer
talkin'. but ackehully perpose ter bribe
me with money! Now. how much has you
got in that Btockin'?*"
" 'Bout six dollars an" a half, yer
honor."
"All right then. I fine yon J5 fer brlb
ory an" a dollar nn' a half fer takin' up
my time with n ense what my InripflJrtton
Is out of. an' may the Lord have mercy
on ver soul. "--Atlanta Constitution.
Carltou and His Poodle.
Henry Guy Carlton, the play-writer,
j stammers badly, but this does not pre
i vent him from holding his own in any
, controversy. .When he was living near
i Madison Square. New York, he used to
i pass dally the New York Club, of which
:he Is .1 member, One day one of the
! young and frivolous members said to
! film:
"I saw you this morning, Carleton, car
rying your poodle through the square.
Good exercise, isn't It? But I'd rather let
somebody 'else do it for mo.".
"Und-doubtedly." replied Carleton
! grimly, even if haltingly. "When any one
i Beef m-ine carrying m-my d-d-dog, they
saY, 'There g-g-goes Henry G-Guy Carle
! ton with his d-dog.' But If they should
I see y-yoii they'd ask, 'W-w-who's that In
j infernal x J-idiot c-c-carrying a p-p
--■ poodle?' "—Youth's Companion.
Letter From Duke of Wellington.
A curio collector has acquired from a
1 private source a curious letter from the
, I.»uke of Wellington In response to an
£JN^^ SLEEPLESSHESS I
■ :^ iliillS ii l? ili®
if I Y^S§^^^^ DUE TO |
y^^WM A LETTING-DOWN OF I
lOp^^v THE NERVES. §
W-V#m "IN MEN" I
! j^***-±~~. J^JJ^^ M. This is indeed a serious evil, for it 2
i — " / \ _^V ' / affects both mind and body, and in time 5
j, ~~~^~~h\ , ) "~'~\*>~-£y may overthrow the reason or produce 2
fill' 1 1 f fair V/i'' « ■ apoplexy. Weak nerves bring on or- ¥
I ililll'f' if //^-^'''iii'i-r 1 1' ganic weaknesses. First know the con- 2
lh\ IH!""' s^tJflPi'Wimw* dition of your nerves, then "avert the ©
• li ' 1 "V^V . If 1 111 danger that threatens." Do you ob- ©
==^ / # H^^^^mTW^ serve any of th-ese symptoms: Tremb- ©
iSL/5 -■'Iffir'^ /M' Ji lin S. weakness, paleness, emaciation, •
'^^SsllfaJ*%/&^%:Trl l '''''s lack of energy, clouded memory, ring- »
=tJ^^^^Ks^^^_»=/ I Jt -^f in £ m ears, headache, exhaustion, pain ©
~( //f 'V m stomach, bloating, costiveness, pains ©
~^p_^y,h VTOv^C^^i /// in joints or muscles, blues, melancholia, ©
f'^'^u wJVgr^^gjln l&Lr-f! morbid fears, sediment in urine, want ©
\' iCd\^*4z£££S*^ &fif7ff/tNU of confidence, inability to apply your- ©
self, horrid dreams, hollow eyes, dark •
a circles under eyes, dots before eyes, 9
*» backache, weak 'back, coated tongue, loss of appetite? All these symp- ©
a toms tell you that your nerves are letting down. Be warned in time ©
« you can be cured. ©
I "IN. WOMEN" I
© Who are nervous and in danger of complete prostration many of the •
9 above symptoms present, such as weakness, emaciation, tremblings, etc. O
9 Usually, however, nervous disorders in women are associated with ute- •
m rine or ovarian troubles, and such complications as "painful or irregular •
m periods, profuse or scanty menses, leucorrhoea, tendency to faint, bear- •
m ing-down feeling or dragging pains, pain and weakness in small of back, •
A pain over lower part of bowels," present themselves. Such women are •
m irritable, gloomy, easily excited, weak. The smallest task seems weari- 9
a some and difficult. They have nervous headaches, giddy spells, no ap- •
% petite and are often hysterical. All such conditions are serious. 9
I HOW CURED IN MEN: I
9 %
© "Take HUDYAN." HUDYAN corrects one and all the above S
© symptoms. HUDYAN gives strength and tone to the nerves and nerve **
© centers, and strengthens and stimulates to perfect activity all the or- g
© gans of the body. HUDYAN banishes the blues, makes you energetic, ®
• strong, robust, promotes sound sleep such as brings health and vigor. *J
I HOW CURED IN WOMEN: %
© X
© "Take HUDYAN." HUDYAN is a positive and permanent cure L
X for all those conditions mentioned above. HUDYAN gives strength to S
2 the delicate maternal organs, so- that all physiological processes will g
9 take place without pain. HUDYAN allays nervous excitability and S
9 brings perfect comfort to suffering women. HUDYAN brings back the j|
2 glow of health, produces bright, rosy complexions. HUDYAN cures all X
• uterine and ovarian troubles— all chronic inflammations and ulcerations. 5
| "MEN AND WOMEN": |
5 Get HUDYAN from your druggist— a package, six packages 52.50. If o
2 your druggist does not keep it send direct to the q
8 HUDYAN REMEDY CO., 1
9 Corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts., San Francisco, Cal. j
0 o
1 YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT YOUR •
S CASE FREE OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. x •
oeeeoe®©©©©©©©©©©©©®©©******©* 90 ® 9 * 00 ©©©©©©©®
appenl for assistance of one of Napo
leon's soldiers, who had lost his leg at
Waterloo and who was living in desti
tute circumstances in Soho. The letter
roads: "Strnthfieldsaye. April 10, 1844.
In reply to Pierre Jerront, the Duke of
Wellington expresses his sympathy
with a brave soldier of the army of Na
poleon Bonaparte, who was disabled at
Waterloo and has pleasure in sending
him a £ r > Bank of England note."—
London Telegraph.
Ruined by the Government.
"Yes sir." said the old mountaineer, "I
wuz a man with considerable family con
nections, but I'm all alone In the worl
"Well, death must come to all of us—
It's only a Question of time."
"But it warn't death, sir, or providence
that robbed me of my own; It wuz the
Government, sir- the Government! I had
seven boys that wuz tryin' to earn a
"hones' livin' makln" 'moonshine' liquor,
an' the Government swooped down on
em one dark night an' landed the last
one O 1 em in the penitentiary; an' now,
from the honorable lofty station of mak
in" liquor on the sly they've come down to
makln' shoes fer a Government thai can't
whip a handful of yaller niggers out in
the Philippines.
"And what are you doing for a living?'
he was asked.
"O. I'm a-makin' of 'moonshine'
liquor !"— From the Atlanta Constitution.
Danger of Knowledge
"Have you got any watermelons on
ice?" inquired the man with the basket
on his arm.
"No, Fir. " replied the young man with
the eyeglasses.
The customer was about to go, when
the young man 'stopped him.
"We haven't any melons on ice," he
said, "but we have some under ice. It
keeps them colder that way. Heat rises
and cold descends you know. • Will one
be enough?"
"I reckon it will." rejoined the man with
the basket. "But I'm going somewhere
else to get it. I don't believe 1 can afford
to trade at a grocery shop where they
keep scientists for clerks. Afternoon,
sir."— Chicnco News.
Collection of 300 Pitchers.
Pitchers of all sizes, shapes and colors
form a collection that a woman has spent
years getting together and having given
to her. There are now 300 of them, and
they fairly overrun the place. She uses
; them for cream, for water, for flowers,
I for very office that has fallen to the lot
: of pitchers since they were first invented.
The idle ones she hangs up or stands on
shelves, while the precious porcelains are
I kept behind glass doors. She is. held up
as a fearful example. "Whatever you elect
j to collect, don't go in for pitchers. They
i will be an unmitigated nuisance to you
and a frightful bore to your friends.—
adelphia North American.
'. yer
A Financier.
"We will never surrender," said the
Filipino subordinate.
"T don't know." said Aguinaldo as he :
pensively drummed on the table with his
fingers. "The 'rainy season Is upon us."
• What has that to do with our patriotic
intentions? "
"Well. I have learned a great deal by
judging these Americans. I have been
wondering If we wouldn't make more
money by giving up this campaign and
starting an umbrella trust."— Washington
Star.
Mosquitoes in the Furnace.
"Mr. Tompkins will be back in a mo
ment," paid Mrs. Tompktaa to a city
friend who was spending Sunday in the
country with them. "He has just gone
down to fix the furnace—"
"What! In these flog days?' inquired
the Kuest. In astonishment.
"Yes." was the reply; "he is going to
make sure that the cranks are turned
that stop the pipes, so that the mosqui
ui't come up through the registers."
—Harper's Bazar.
A Vain Wish.
"Will you trust me, Fanny?" he cried
passionately, grasping her hand.
"With all my heart. Augustus, with all
my soul, with all myself," she whispered,
nestljng on his manly bosom.
"Would to goodness you were my
tailor," he murmured to himself and ten
derly he took her in hi.-? arms.— Tit-Bits.
Overtaxed Courtesy.
"It's too bad." said Mrs. Corntossel.
' What's the matter?" inquired her hus
band.
"I'm kind o" sorry for Mr. Dewey. He
seems to be a nice, accommodatin' man.
who wouldn't want to hurt any one's feel
in's. But if he drinks all the drinks an'
wears all the clothes that have been
named after him he's g"in' to be mighty
uncomfortable."— Washington Star.
Craft in the Studio.
The Artist— A flattering likeness? No,
indeed, Mr. Cashleigh. Its only the mat
ter-of-fact, stingy, purse-proud man ot
pedigree we artists have to flatter the
artistic, generous, modest, self-made man.
never. — Brooklyn Life.
Dependable Drugs
Trust
us for
Trusses
We fit trusses perfectly or we
don't fit them at all — and our
service is free to customers.
There is absolutely no reason
why any one should pay so-
called specialists $2^ or even
$5 tor a truss that we fit and
sell for si-50.
An ill-fitting truss is a botru r
and a curse, and if we cannot
fit you we will tell you so.
We want no money that c'jes
not buy satisfaction.
Trust us for trusses.
1128 MARKET ST.
) SAN FRANCISCO
10th and BROADWAY OaklandBOERS SUFFER SEVERAL
RATHER CRUSHING DEFEATS
General White Retrieving His Reputation at
Ladysmith by Brilliant Sorties, Inflicting
Heavy Losses to the Enemy — British Also
Defeat Attacking Boers at Mafeking and
Set Off Deadly Mines.
LONDON, Nov. 7. — It is announced in a cable dispatch from Cape
Town dated Sunday, November 5, that the British have been victorious
in an engagement at Ladysmith and ttyat tfye Boer loss was very heavy,
ncluding 2000 prisoners.
ESTECOURT, Natal, Nov. s.— Natives confirn) the reports that the
Boers received a crushing defeat between Colenso and Ladysrr)ith. Tr;e
Boer force, however, is still encamped at Pieters Station. T^e Boers'
losses on Thursday and Friday are stated to be about 1000 in Killed and
wounded, besides many prisoners. It is reported trjat a party of Boers are
going down through XX)t Weenen country in the direction of Pietermaritz
burg, and are attempting to induce Natal Boers to join them.
LONDON, Nov. 7. — News has just arrived from Mafe^ing showing
th)at up to October 25 the Boers continued the bon)bardn)ent, firing as
rr)ar>y as 300 shells in thirty-six r;ours, though causing but little damage
and wounding only four n)en. Tfyat day tf)ey closed in all around tf)e
town and n)ade a determined attempt to rush it Tbe garrison turned
out to a man and delivered a terrifc rifle and maxim fire whicr; speedily
starr>peded th)e Boers, who were driven over mines which exploded and
scattered them in all directions. It is believed at MafeKjng tf}at the eneroy
suffered rjeavily and is not lively to maKe another attempt to storn) the
town.
LONDON. Nov. T. — To-night's welcome
dispatches from the front have, rent the
veil of gloom enveloping Ladyamith,
showing the British garrison not merely
Btandlng on the dogged • naive, but
executing a series of brilliant sorties.
Accounts from different sources agree
that the laconic official description of
Thursday's engagement as "an effective
shelling of the Boer laager" was unduly
modest. It appears that General Sir
George wart White sent a strong: force
of cavalry and Infantry to attack the
Boer« at Tatham's Farm, about ten miles
to the northwest, nenr Besters, and ap
parently achieved a surprise, the Boers
being caught on the open veldt and cut
to pieces and their camp captured. En
couraged by this success General "White
decided to risk an even more Important
engagement on the following day, which
was again justified by success.
Ladysmlth has been isolated and a Boer
force has intercepted •he railway between
Ladysmith and Colenso. This force on
ADVEBTISEIHEJSTTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG
Prevents Many People From Trying a
Good Medicine.
Stomach troubles are so common and Jn j
rr.oEt rases so obstinate to cure that peo- \
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any I
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma- !
nent cure for dyspepsia and indigestion, i
Many such pride themselves on their
acuteness In never being humbugged, j
especially in medicine.
This fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far, bo far. In fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money In faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used at Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets ore
vastly different In one Important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines for
the reason that they are not a secret
patent medicine, no secret Is made of
their ingredients, but analysis shows
them to contain the natural digestive
ferments, pure aseptic pepsin, the diges-
tive acids, Golden Seal, bismuth, hy-
dra."tis and mix. They are not cathartic,
neither do they act powerfully on any
organ, but they cure Indigestion on th-»
common sense plan of digesting the food
eal^-n thoroughly before it has time to
foment,' sour and cause the mischief.
This is the only secret of their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never
can cure indigestion and stomach troubles
because they act entirely on the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble is really in the
Btomach.
Stuart's Dyppepsla Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That is all there-
Is to it. Food not digested or half di-
gested Is poison, as It creates gas, acidity,
headaches, palpitation of the heart, loss
of flesh ana appetite and many other
troubles which are often called by some
other name.
They are Bold by druggists everywhere
at 50 cents per package. Address F. A.
Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich., for little
book on stomach diseases, sent free.
P PI LLQ w
Br 1 aammm^aP
I Act like magic— strengthening the Mus- w
| cular System, restoring the loog-loat Com- ft
I plexion, bringing back the keen edge of a
! Appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud 9
i of Health the whole physical energy of g
{ the human frame. One of the best guar- 5
i an tees to the Nervous and Debilitated is E
i that Beecham's Pills have the Largest \
S Saleof any Patent Medicine in the World, I
] and this has been achieved without the jj
publication of testimonials. j
1 10 cents and 25 cents, at aH drug stores
A visrr OR- JORDAN'S great 4
4HUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A £& 180 2U211T ST. tit 3i*7tt, S.P.Od. A
\ CjT Th* Largest Anatomies! Mixoim in the \'
n ***~^*~~~- W '<?"<l- Weaknesses or any rnmticted Q
' \!SS 3m disene p*»HI»«-Iy rnrod I>y the oldett JT '
(•, /?t-. SI bpeualistrntbeCout. EsL36yeait if
i iSfif 4 DR. JORD/W-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
'- wfkwlfit C'.nvil'cuon frre and strictly private. \
a I jßw! Tf»i<meni penondly m by Wi«. A A
X 8 y fl| I'on.ttre Curt In ertry c*ie uaaertoken. T
«r ,7 II' > w »ite for Book. rm.oi><)PD¥>ri
"* II )] M *" nl * . MAILED PKEB. af
A & IX' valua '" i « lw>k 'or afa) A
7 OK. J«BI>A.\ A «0., 1051 MarkPtS^S. F. W
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I& , A GREAT KKSIOHAUVi;, INVIGORA-
■- tor «nO Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
T ti! £? r .he s « u »« Orßani. of both aexeii.
The Mexican Bem«dy for Diktats of the Kld-
ney. and Bladder. 6e!J» on Its own Merit*.
NADER. AI.FS & BRUNE Arenta.
ZZi Market street, B. F.-(Bend for clf'ular. )
nl l riTi in n ?,"•• * m<i an R « ctai
Him S "II J I dlßeaeM cored or no
HII H I lIX V 1 ? ay> No detention
1111 l I Sllll from business DRS.
lIU I I Witt- ASSESS Mar-
ket dt., San Francisco.
Friday had descended upon Colenso and
as shown by the dispatches from Estcourt
had compelled a hurried abandonment of
Colenso and a retirement of the British
to Estcourt.
General White had ascertained that the
Boers were attacking Colenso, but ho was
not aware of the British retirement. He
had determined, therefore,- to attack the
Boers in the rear, thus hoping to achieve
the double object of drawing off an at
tack upon the weak garrison of Colenso
and possibly of reopening communication
southward. The Boers had advanced
southward until they had occupied the
hills north of Tugela River and dominat
ing Colenso on the other side of the
stream. The hills 6lopo to a plain that
reaches to the banks of the Tugela.
General White's division caught the
Boers in the rear and after the hills had
been shelled the British infantry stormed
the position. Meanwhile the British cav
alry swept round the hills and a? the re
treating enemy descended into the plains
with British bayonets behind and the
river in front of them they were charged
by the cavalry and seem to have perished
almost to a man. The British then re
turned to Ladysmlth without coming Into
touch with the Colenso garrison, which
had retired to Estcourt.
Sunday's dispatch from Estcourt, how
showed that an armored train had
been sent back to Colenso to repair the
lice and the next news may possibly re-
Btore communication "With Ladysmlth.
While the British troops were thus en
gaged In successful endeavors to wipe
out the Nicholson's Nek disaster the situ
ation inside Ladysmith. as shown by an
official dispatch from the general at Est
court was most satisfactory, encouraging
a hope that Sir George Stewart White
may yet completely retrieve his shaken
reputation and that his force may emerge
triumphant from the ordeal through
which it is now passing.
General Lord W.«lseley, the commander
in chief, haa written to Lady Randolph
Churchill thanking her for the efforts of
the American ladies In England in fitting
out a hospital ship for South African
waters. He says: "I am only too anxious
to help you In this matter, in order to
chow you how thoroughly our army and,
indeed, the nation, appreciate the evi
dence of the Interest American ladies
take in our sick and ■wounded."
The Maine will sail for the Cnpe on
November 25 with Lady Randolph
Churchill on board.
BOERS ROUTED WITH
VERY HEAVY LOSSES
LONDON, Nov. B.— Evidently more de
tailed reports of General White's doings
at Ladysmith must be received before the.
| public will be able to form a clear Idea
lof what has happened. Reports from va
j rious sources show that another Impor
i tant reconnoissance or engagement oc
curred on Saturday to the south of Lady
mlth, and a Cape Town newspaper re
ports that 2000 Boers were captured there.
The suggestion of Sir Redv'era Buller
In his dispatch to the War Office on Sun
day that the name of General French had
been given by mistake for that of Col
onel Brocklehurst in advices to him by
pigeon post from Durban is now explained
by a dispatch from Pietermaritzburgwhich
pays that General French has left Dur
ban for Cape Colony. Evidently General
Buller was aware of this.
The Dally Telegraph publishes the fol
lowing dispatch from Pietermaritzburg',
dated Saturday evening:
"Since their occupation of CoJenso the
Boers have attempted no advance further
south. Bstcourt is now becoming a strong
and growing camp. Major Wolfe Murray
Is In temporary command. The enemy
bombarded Colenso on Thursday until
Bunset at the extreme range of nine cen
timeter Krupp guns.
"Confirmation has been obtained of the
report that General Schalkberger is the
Boer commander at Vryburg. A general
Boer advance is not thought probable.
Means have been taken to secure Pieter
maritzburg against any possible attack,
and also to relieve Ladysmith before- the
enemy can come farther.
"Whispered rumors of both Dutch and
native origin have been current since yes
terday that during a reconnoissance from
Ladysmith northward, toward Matta
wans Hook and Nicholson Nek, the Brit
ish troops engaged the enemy. It is said
that a lyddite battery drove the Boers
Into a valley, where the British cavalry
charged them. Th© Boer losses In this
engagement are said to have reached 1000,
the British losses being only about 100.
"It is a fact that General Joubert drew
In his line to-day and that the Boers now
only have outposts at Colenso. Runners
are bringing the names of the Boers who
were killed and wounded outside Lady
6mith, and tholr reports • have caused
much mourning among the relatives.'
According to special dispatches from
Estcourt, the Boers on Thursday asked
a day's armistice. General White agreed
to this on condition that they would
make no movement. The British military
balloon, however, detected Boers massing
to the south, and General White there
upon renewed the attack.
Boer reports have reached Cape Town
to the effect that on the arrival at
Johannesburg of the news of the Boer re
verse at Elands Laagte, the whole Rand
special police force was sent to the front
with guns from Johannesburg forts, the
fortress being left with only gun, .and, ,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOYEMBEE 8, 1899.
a garrison of twenty men.
Th© men of the Eighteenth Hussars
who were captured at Dundee, first took
refuge In a Kaffir kraal, where they
fought stubbornly, only surrendering
after four Krupp shells had exploded In
the kraal.
A largo Boer force has been ssnt to re
inforce General Schalkberger on the Tull
border.
The Boers have repaired the railway be
tween Volsrust and Newcastle.
BRITISH TROOPS CLAIM TO
HAVE SLAUGHTERED BOERS
ESTCOFTIT, Natal, Sunday, Nov. 5.1:30
p. m.— A reliable native has brought con
firmatory evidence of Friday's tight south
of Ladysmith. A reconnalsance in force
was made by a British division, the ob
ject being to relieve the Colenso column,
which had been attacked by the Boers.
The British infantry charged the Boers,
who were strongly posted on Glob^skloof
Hill, and drove them down on the plain
toward the Tagnla River, when the
British cavalry, executing a fine Hanking
movement, charged the Boers, almost an
nihilating thorn. The plain was strewn
with dead Boers. An armored train has
aK:iln left for Colenso with a company of
the Dublin Fusileers and a railroad en
gineering staff to repair the line. No fight
ing is supposed to have occurred Satur
day, as no firing was heard.
ESTCOURT, Natal, Sunday evening,
Nov. 5— It Is now possible to furnish offi
cial details of Friday's fighting around
Ladysmlth. The Boer artillery fire was
accurate and well sustained but ineffec
tive. The British cavalry was constantly
out, the investment not being close
enough to prevent this. Cavalry and ar
tillery under Colonel Brocklehurst about
noon drove the enemy away from all
! their positions with great slaughter. This
attack was directed against a reported
move of the enemy toward Maritsburg.
The artillery shelled three of the enemy's
guns into silence. The British casualties
were slight.
The Boers are now shelling the town.
Their artillery is w^ll handled, hut Is
doing little damage. The Boers profited
by a flag of truce on Thursday to sptu!
in a Transvaal artillery officer, disguised
as an ambulance driver, with the wound
ed, to observe the action of the Boer
artillery fire.
TREACHERY FOLLOWED
BY A BAYONET CHARGE
DTRBAN, Nov. 5 (Sunday 1 ), C:SO p. m.—
A native eyewitness of Thursday's bat
tle near Ladysmith says the Boers were
caught on the open ground and raised
several white flaps.
The British then advanced without fir-
Ing to accept the surrender of the Boers,
but were received with a volley at close
range. Enraged at this treachery, the
Lancrs, Hussars and Dragoons, fol
lowed by the infantry with fixed bayo
nets, charged through and through the
enemy and did great execution. A lot of
prisoners and loot were captured.
Another battle on Friday with the
Boers was proceeding, according to the
natives In the south, with similar re
sults.
POWERS HAVE TAKEN
NO STEP TO INTERFERE
BERLIN, Nov. 7.— The recruits of the
Imperial Corps dv Garde took the oath of
allegiance to-day in the Kustgarten In
the presence of the Emperor and his staff
and the foreign officers. As each brigade
was sworn, his Majesty took his stand by
Its colors. Addressing them all In turn
In a loud voice, the Emperor reminded
the guards of their oath, saying: "A
man's word Is his bond," and exhorting
th^m to do their duty as "soldiers and
Christians."
Regarding the alleged scheme for arbi
trating the Transvaal question, a semi
official statement has been issued as fol
lows:
"Nothing whatever \b known here of
any common plan of action upon the part
of Russia, France or Spain In the Trans
vaal question. In any case. It may be
positively stated that no such plans have
been brought to the knowledge of the
German Government from any quarter
whatever, and therefore it has never been
In the position to reject any such or
similar proposals."
STRENGTH OF THE BOERS
WAS UNDERESTIMATED
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The confession last
evening of. General Lord Wolseley, the
commander In chief, that the Boers were
more powerful and more numerous than
had been anticipated, sufficiently ex
plains the present happenings, and the
War Office will hereafter have awkward
questions to answer In regard to Its ap
parent colossal ignorance of the Boer
strength, which both In number of men
and excellence of artillery is apparently
a complete surprise to the British military
authorities. Mail news from South Africa
shows how inaccurate have been the esti
mates of the Intelligence Department and
the. Government experts. It is gleaned
BULLER'S REPORT OF THE
LADYSMITH BOMBARDMENT
General Joubert Refuses a Request Made by
White to Permit the Departure of
Non-combatants.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The following Is the text of a dispatch from General
Buller, from Cape Town, dated November 7, 12:55 p. m. :
"The following dispatch has been received from the general commanding at
Estcourt, dated November 6:
" 'Since Friday there has been a cessation of hostilities. A note was sent that
day to General Joubert by General White, at the request of the Mayor, asking
permission for the non-combatants, sick and wounded, to go south. General
Joubert refiiFed the request and agreed to allow them to go to a special camp
four miles from Ladysmith. The townspeople refused to accept this offer. The
sick and wounded and a few of the Inhabitants were moved yesterday. A few
shots were exchanged yesterday at the outposts. Friday's bombardment was
heavy. She-lie fell In the hospital and one burst in a hotel during luncheon. No
one was injured. The only casualty in the town from the shells thus far is a
Kaffir killed.
" 'There was a smart action Frldny toward Drwdrop. The troops under Gen
eral Brocklehurst drove the Boers back a considerable distance and disabled a
gun. There wa.^ also fighting near Bulwana. Our loss altogether is eight killed
and about twenty wounded. Ninety-eleht Dundeo wounded have arrived. They
were sent here Saturday. All are doing well.
" 'The position here is now believed to be entirely eaf©. It has been greatly
strengthened during the last twenty-four hours. The people have deserted their
dwellings, and are living in bombproof places, safe from shell fire. There is
plenty of good stores of all kinds.
" 'Captain Knapp and Lieutenant Brabant wer« killed in Friday's action.'
"The foregoing is an exact copy of a press censor telegram brought here by a
Kaffir runnner. There is no other official news."
therefrom that a fair estimate- of the
Boer forces Is as follows: Around Lady
pmlth. 25,000; traversing Zululand, 4oOO;
advancing on Burgherdorp, 5000; Coles
burg, 3000; Klmberley, 7000; Mafeking,
4500, and on the northern Transvaal
border. 2000.
Exact Information about the Boer ar
tillery Is lacking, but it is known that
General Joubert's detachment before it
was reinforced consisted of sixteen Krupp
field pieces of the latest pattern and two
heavy Cruzot Btege guns, which but for
the opportune arrival of the British na%-al
brigade would have rendered Ladysmith
untenable.
In connection with the naval guns a
most interesting and Important experi
ment has been successfully carried out at
Cape Town with a 4.7-Inch gun, so service
able at Ladysmith. One of the British
cruiser Terrible's guns, mounted on a
Scott traveling carriage, was fired In the
same way as a field gun with entire suc
cess. The Terrible, with a number of
guns thus mounted. Is on her way to
Durban, and though the guns cannot now
reach Ladysmith, they may be of great
value In the defense of Pietermaritzburg,
which It seems will probably have to
stand a siege. The arrival of the Terrible
with the relief crews for Csilna and
other available men, must have: placed In
the neighborhood of 30.000 more men at
the service of the military authorities.
TWO ARMY CORPS TO
BE AT ONCE MOBILIZED
LONDON, Nov. B.— A Dally Mall repre
sentative In informed that the Second and
Third army corps are to be Immediately
mobilized and that a division consisting of
ten thousand men of the Second Army
Corps will be dispatched to South Africa
as Boon as the necessary arrangements
can be completed. The Second Army
Corps will conßist in round numbers of
some 40,000 men. It will be made up as
follows: Thirty Infantry battalions, three
batteries of Royal Horse artillery, eigh
teen batteries of field artillery, and ten
regiments of cavalry. The cavalry force
will thus be far In excess of the usual
proportion of that arm to the infantry,
but It is concluded that the war ofHce pro
poses to equip a special cavalry division, a
course which the nature of the warfare
and the character of the country in South
Africa render necessary.
The Third Army Corps, but a purely
nominal affair, will number at the outside
some 25.000 men. It could not be brought
up to its full Btrength without the aid of
the militia. It will be required for garri
son purposes, as nearly every military
station in the kingdom will be denuded of
troops by the concentration of the Second
Army Corps at Aldershot. The mobiliza
tion of the Second and Third army corpa
is absolutely without precedent. It will,
of course, involve the calling out of the
reserves of those regiments which arc on
the list.
RHODES' SIEGE AVENUE.
HOPE TOWN, Cape Colony, Saturday,
Nov. 4.— A dispatch which hay been re
ceived here from Klmberley dated No
vember 1 says:
"Apparently the Boer reinforcements
from Mufeklng have arrived, as the bur
ghers are more numerous and closer
around Klmberley. About 1200 of thtm
made a demonstration three miles east
ward at Premier mine to-day and opened
fire on the De Beers carts, but no damage
was done.
"The explosion of the dynamite maga
zine, caused by the Boers firing the place,
was terrific. The huts contained thirty
five tons of dynamite, valued at £3500.
"All the wounded arc progressing- satis
factorily. A committee to regulate the
supply and price of food la being formed.
There Is but One Genuine Electric Belt Whioh Has a World-Wide
Reputation, and That Is the
q^^ Here Is a subject for a few moments
JF^, r.-t&J*-^j-^fcT^W- of soh^r thought. Did you ever ponder
why you are what you are? Were you
j/GP^ PtATC§a Indiscreet in youth or excessive in dlssl-
miSr i *wla pations In latter years? The Btory is then
wMi!^' t .X\vti9 easily told. Nature makes no mistakes,
Ejijjjj!^' 'mHI anrl wliat you BOW you must reap, but as
■WB>!3)li SOIWBW ftt?Lj\ y° nave Probably paid the penalty you
W"s^™ lET*>iT^i^» CJBmRBL should find the means 1 to alt! you out of
I«*4fc3f T^JS^ f*wj/&s&k your trouble. To men suffering the eft>cta
°' Indiscretion or excesses, fefllng their
M Mu«^>. s^sif **<£m mental as well as their physical powers
JH JgNM^k JJtt&^xiß leaving them, and are timid, fretful, de-
Vjßk " ~\ . *»?*>t&kk*'wvF Epondent, feel unfit for work, suffer from
rrk- oft£SB?^ ■^^ffl/^V*" drains, losses, headaches, lame back,
#3ilftf3i -^e^^W >^S^v[*ttHM^^s*^- nervousness, sleeplessness, &c. we offer
V^^V a, <Q%J-'i^i t s : v^s£^ a remedy as positive in results as food is
. to satisfy hunger. It is the crystallized
s£j, 2a?^EH^^^^*^^fe2-"^ eneruy or health element of our U'in X—K —
BLECTRICITT. An honest and properly
yf^fvSS-S^fe^SSl directed electric current Is nature's own
remedy In these ca*es. and __ this you
jjMKl^^^^^*>^?j^a^^^^^^^^^C TRIG BELT. It. in" a qulVt. soothing but
Jm%o36ftmL J^Q?£SSZO%MM%%?' Positive way Klvcs your system back the
VmuS^^^S^^^^^^^J&^lM^^ vigor lost, an.l the first hour's us.' will
|W^^ißM^^M|^^a^g^^gri^^^y convince you that you have found a boon
\3umSs3r COPYRIGHTED '<$'■' I must warn my patients against a cer-
tain San Francisco firm, who are offering
a cheaD imitation to the, public and claiming it to be the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt.
My Belts nre for sale only at my offices. Coll and consult me free of charge. Of-
fice hours, 9 to 6: Sundays, 10 to 1.
DR. T. A. SANDEN, I 8 T S.i T cS EET -
-1194 South Bjrlng Street, Let Angelas, Cal. ; Bnisel Building, Portland, Or. v
"Mr. Rhodes is making an avenue a
mile long at Kenltworth, to be called
Siege avenue. A double row of orange
trees and vines will be planted on either
side, with pepper trees formine the back
ground."
WHAT DEFEAT WOULD MEAN.
COLOGNE, ..ov. 7.— Letters received by
the Cologne Gazette from Johannesburg,
dated October 13, said the- Germans there
indignantly repudiate the telegram to
Emperor William, signed by Colonel
Schlel, which in no way reflects the feel
ings of the Germans of the Transvaal.
As a matter of fact, it is declared Schiel
was not responsible for the objectionable
character of the dispatch, as he was ab
sent at the time it was sent. The letters
reaffirmed that Kaffirs were being con
veyed across the border in gangs of 1000
to 5000, and that the escorting Boer forces
were robbing them of a considerable
amount of their savings. Foreigners, it
also appears, were being stopped in the
streets and compelled to give up the
money in their pockets. One letter con
cludes: "As long as the Boers are vic
torious Johannesburg has nothing to
fear, but if beaten the town, with all the
mines, will soon cease to exist."
BRITISH SHIPS ALERT.
LONDON, Nov. 7. — Interesting 1 news
comes from the channel squadron at Gib
raltar, showing precautions against all
eventualities almost unknown in Euro
pean waters in peace times. On the way
to Gibraltar the fleet spread out four
miles apart and a sharp lookout was kept
for suspicious craft. At Gibraltar extra
sentries are posted at night at different
parts of the ships with ten rounds of ball
cartridges each. The small guns on the
upner deck and in the fighting tops are
kept ready for immediate use. The am
munition being on deck and a few men
sleeping at the guns, the searchlights are
kept working, all boats are hailed and
not allowed to approach without the per
mission of the officers of the watch.
KAISER AND CZAR.
BERL.TN, Nov. 7.— The Tageblatt sees In
the Nord Deutche Allgemeine Zeltung's
article of welcome to the Czar a two-fold
reference to the Transvaal war. The ar
ticle hails the Czar as an exponent of the
old-established and much-prized friend
ship and amicable co-operation between
the two empires in Europe, and signifi
cantly points out that, thanks to this
friendship, the two powers can proceed to
a Joint solution of the problems outside of
Europe, adding that It looks for benefl
j cent results to the world's peace from to-
I morrow's meeting.
NATAL DUTCH TOOK PART.
ESTCOURT, Natal, Nov. s.— An armored
train went over the Tugela bridge yester
day, found Colenso Intact and also found
the road and railway bridges strong. An
Orange Free State force was sighted six
miles from Colenso on the Ladysmlth
Bide. It was supposed to have been en
gaged with the British forces from Lady
smith Thursday. The Boers suffered heav
ily. It is rumored that the Natal Dutch
took part In the engagement, siding with
the invading Boers.
FIGHTING AT MATEKING.
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 7.— A dispatch from
Kuruman dated Friday, November 3,
gays a dispatch rider arrived there from
Mafeking that morning, announcing that
Colonel Baden-Powell had captured a
number of mules and horses. Fighting
was occurring daily at Mafeking, all, it
was added, in favor of the garrison. Na
tives report that Colonel Plumer's force
from Tuli Is working Its way from Rho
desia to relieve Mafeking.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
* Doll Show VfiSiß £FlMlll^n^££S&Mfvi B^/!3 Tako Break' ■*
*. ma Jc~,. W&s®* I^^ Gafßm Open at 8. "*
* mOntiay, F'OoUlen-ltalettAZAAr. QD^inty service. 2
J WOW /3. CAUFO«NIAS WROEST-AMERICA-* GRANDEST STOW. Appetizing Ti an( J a . *
ft — «
ft Best Groceries at Money-Saving Prices I
i Sugar— Best dry granulated. 21 Ib 3. 1 Sardines— lmported French, tins 2
J f0r...."... $1.00 7O %
ft Chocolate— ground. j Baking Powder — Emporium ♦
ft 8-lb. tins 68Cm 1-lb. tins 25c best, guaranteed to piease or money *&
* Soap—B ibbitt's best, 7brs for 25c back, 1-ib. tins 37c *
J Sapolio— Best of cleaners, cake Gc ! Macaroni, Vermicelli or *
ft Coffee— Family blend, per lb 25C Spaghetti - Loose, per 1b.... 6o <tf
* Oysters — Choice select 1?, two! Jams and Jellies — New on=s *
* tins ior 25c just made, per glass > ZOO 2,
ft — *
ft x ===== 5
» *
I Big Jacket Sale-One-Quarter %
% to One-Half Regular Prices. |
*■ Our New York buyer picked up a large lot of last season's fine
A all-wool Jackets for about 25c on the dollar. No trash, no shoddy «
ft garments in the lot. Here is the way we price them to you: *
A 235 of the finest Jackets, many with 180 of finest tan, blue, black, brown 4 1
£> fine fancy silk linings, all kinds of finest and gray Jackets, fine3t fancy silk lin- <•
£, cloths and all colors, nnde to sel l at $1", ing«, made to sail at $23 to ' $3". '•on* ♦
ft $20, $25, your choice $7*50 choice $tO.OO *
* 290 blue back and dark tan elegant New — This season's heavy kersey «g<
_ covert, pilot cloth, cheviot, loucio and double-breasted Jacket, in light tan, <£
0, kerssy Jackets, ail eiik lined, nnde mauve, navy and black, finest satin <■
to sell at $10, $12.50 and $15. your lining, regularly $20, while the lot "*
ft choice $5.0Q lasts $12*45 *
* = *
* RIBBONS D a »m»9*»m#c* EMBROIDERIES |
{ VEILINGS nmnn*mw& AND LAC es. %
J For three days — Wednesday, Thursday and Fri- %
* day — we offer one-quarter off the already reduced .J
* remnant prices of our entire stock of Remnants of Ribbons, Veil- «
ft ings, Embroideries, Torchon Laces, Ecru Laces, Chiffons, "Wash Nets S
* and All-Over Laces. Many beautiful pieces in the lot. «
ft ===== ■ «
* Wednesday Special. On special sale l9m£&B*w»t7lßJß<zß!n Children's «
£ VIOOuS MC. Dress Fabric?, black only, regularly 25c pair, spe"hl "*
ft fancy checks, mixed suitings, mixed cov- j Wednesday iOo 2
ft crts, granite cloths and many other Bath Outfits-Ladles', made of S
ft stylish weaves suitable for fall wear at Turkis}h towe i ing i robe> 2 towels, 1 I
J the Vfry low price, per yard 37c pair of E li p pers, 1 pair of gloves, the «
& complete set regularly $6, special Wed- <#
* Wednesday Social. On special sale ne3da y onl - v at $3.95 J
* ToHt&t IVtsr~ tn ' 3 day only, Infants' Washable Chamois Moccasins, 2
» m v"c<hi» the=e large size, re2ul2r i y . 40c pair, special Wednesday 3,
J rOrS fSMCm 5x12 inch hand only at 250 «
ft mirrors, ■ <>
ft in ye- y^^P^lli^N^ Wednesday Special. "#
I neeredor m^'^fS^S^ Children's 40 2
* ebonized \r ; >%^ %a^>**-&2<£ifiFr am .
* frames, nSj|^P^ Unstarwear 22c. J
ft imported j^ -f We offer 3 odd lots «
» bey.l plate glass, each ->»© of children's extra /*p^ *
ft ____—. — _ reavy fleece -lined Ai^f'i*
t Wednesday Special. 16-Inch Tur- Underwear.consist- VW *
ft Tcß*°kt*W key Platter, in?of B ts(Bizes24 ft /^pY J
* J»? ii "^ Jit* Hke picture, to 34, boys' draw- jWv /-.•, «
ft Platters 49c. made of fine er3 ( sl7 - es 2f^ to 34) ffff^fWJ 1 *
A . . . . and misses wool- \v):iL. J IiTovSH *
* .emi-porcelam.^^^TO^,^ x | WJK^| ..
* £ocorstedlight|^r> (sizes 26 to 321, •- A y&L *
brown border, £ sf . \^iK^^\ regularly sold in " ? /Wfefe *
sof autuma 6 Cj* • j sml.ll medium sizes i. /^MW) *
ft • larly 75c each, \^* tn -^ I *^,M f c ea , ch » we offer \^£^^^ «
* for this day da y on *we offer ] ~ *
ft 0n1y.............!.. 4-9c\ aH BiZeS ' P er^ arment 220 *
|, £)F)APF&y Wednesday Special. %
« Wednesday Special. Do your own |■ \\ , •?/ a a m*4 am* *
% Stamping •;»-P^-Tb.bi |j« CMiHs Zf!™. «
I Outfits 6c.Tr:'T j• ■£ Chains *
ft price an excellent Stamping Outfit, com- %llifJMp &G.
* plete with distributor, regu.arlv 10c I\K^ For this day only we I
£ eacb ' for • 6g !IP%- offers 300 pairs of «
ft m iiV^i Drapery Chains, regu- "#
» Wednesday Special. We offer for j ■;, i A^^, larly 25c a pair, at the "#
* Bureau this ay on! v SI W BS' very special price, per I
I Scarfs 180 Bureau fill.™ ilL^i^ pair fin %
* SGarfS 68C. Scarfs, regu- P U ° *
J larly $1 each, several styles, including Wedn'tday Only. Half a dozen offer- I
{ Sr c novelty 2^r Lhi; Mimnery *» t £ t -g J
ft, corded effect?, size 20x54 inches, iw**ibbbc.i y »
ft all of them new, stylish and high class, to be appre! ♦
■J each ...68C ciated. Fine French Fur Felt Shape?, in J
a, colors brown, gre?n or blue, regularly 95c <a
Wednesday Special. each, special to-day 3S<3
* SOC NiSSttt- ' ack Q uills for Golf Hats, special *
* _ - i?»O Wednesday only, each 2© »
J ShtrtS 38C. Beautiful $10 Trimmed Hats, to-day *
* To-day, and f^Tf) oTlly $7.00 •#
* to-day only, the O IB 1 * Beautiful $12 Trimmed Hats to-day ♦
* big store offers ft -^iNp T' ' ° n ' $9.00 *
* 35 dozen Men 1 O'ff^ - Beautiful $15 Trimmed Ha\s. to-^av «
J5O Nightshirts, H^/T 3 \ oniy $12.09 *
i heavy cotton lII ] 1 /^r\\ <#
* bones fronts (1/ I j J^Jr\ «
ft embroidered and N I 7 ' CL' \ Wednesday Special. We have a little lot *
* finished ver y X /fj~<^^ |jj v -^<— ' CurtainS of No'tingham Lice *
» i:&-i7Z^9 i I 98c Pair.''T™-£' y S *
2" er stitched in ''i\ i % /.«.- '/ long, 54 itches wide, ; rettily patterned 2
% Bilk, all sizes, ' and sell regularly per pdr $1.65. on «<
a, each 38c special sale for this day only SBo «*
ft 4>
ALL ENGLISHMEN PROTESTED.
BERLIN, Nov. 7.— An Antwerp telegram j
to the Tageblatt states that a political !
incident marked yesterday's banquet at ]
the zoological gardens in honor of the ■
Belgian South Polar expedition. Mr. Van
Ryswlek, the burgomaster, took occasion .
to express sympathy for the kindred Boer
ract and thereupon all the Englishmen
present protested energetically.
KILLED AT COLENSO.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 7.— Captain Har- ;
rington Reynolds, an actor now with the
Frawley company In this city, received
word by cable from London to-day that
his brother. Major Reynolds, was killed
last Friday at Colenso, near Ladysmith, J
in the Transvaal.
♦
BRIDGE PIER DESTROYED.
CAPE TOWN. Nov. s.— Advices from j
the Orange River say it is reported that |
the Boers have destroyed one of the piers
of Modder River bridge, and there are '
rumors emanating from Hope Town that :
an attack will be made on the Orange \
River camp.
■•
Pomeroy in Ashes.
LONDON, Nov. B.— The Dally Mail has
the following from Petermaritzburg:
"The progress of ffie Boers through Zulu
land is characterized by many excesses.
Pomeroy village is in ashes and stores
and farms are being looted."
BOERS INVADE ZULULAND.
DURBAN, Natal, Sunday Evening.
Nov. s.— The Boers have invaded Ingwa
vuma, Zululand, and looted and burned
the public buildings and stores. The
magistrate, police and other inhabitants
fled toward Eshowee.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as $1 will entltla
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. 8x11). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the !ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the bulldinjr of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
' 10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is inserted «-»
our Contribution.
VWHi E StPga j£fa STOPPED FREE
Oii^ & IS^ \»?^ Permanently Cured bf
H PS H \MR. KLINE'S GREAT
111 &MERVE RESTORER
W3%Hi « 8 ! 1^ STOPPED FREE
NERVE r RESTORER
S^? Ctnnltatim. i>»r«oni! or hr mail; treatise and
M S-J TRIAL BOTTL.K FREE
W3 to Fit patlenu who par M[.rrs*»« nnl<- on delivery.
P3 Ptrmarent <>r«. not only temporary relief, for all A'«r-
KM »'»«» DUardrn. Eptlrn«r, Pptt»m«. St. Vltn<' Dance,
|3Jpei>UUT,Kx>iau.<tlnn. I>B. 11. lII.ULIKE.Ld,
■Bi 931 Arch Street. Philadelphia. Fonnded un.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
56
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 8, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrc 1 to W, S. LEAKE, Manager.
I I liLIcATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts. S. F
. elepboiM Mam 1&8 S.
I DITORIAL ROOMS 2!7 to 221 Stevenson Street
■pbOM Main U74.
X AMUSEMENTS.
Orphmim— Va udortllo.
Columbia— "By th« Bad Sea Wivet. >f
California—^"Tha Shadow."
Tlvoli— "The Three Black Cloak*."
Alcazar — "Nerves."
Grand Opera-house — "The Merry Monarch."
New Alharr.bra— JS'Ae. Hill, from Paris.
Chute«. Tjjo and Theater— Vaudeville every aitemooa and
ivc: r.K
Olyrcpla, corner Mason and Elll* streets— Specialties.
Centrai Park— Ste^plechAae and performs!)
Western Turl Aesoclatlon. San Mateo Couaty— Raeo.
AUCTION SALES.
By Eaatoa. Eldrldge & Co.— Tuesday. November 14. tt 12
D'clock. P-ea! Estate', at C 33 Market street.
■D.. i- ni..,. c. f.. _Tk,,../i.v v^vf.mh»T ;» ma 15 o'clock.
THE COMMISSION'S REPORT.
THE preliminary report of the Philippine Com
mission has been before the country for several
days and has not seemed to impress public
opinion or change the situation in the least.
The report is a compromise between the individual
opinions of the members of the commission. The
utterances of President Schurman before his appoint
ment were as pointedly against imperialism as any of
Edward Atkinson's. Colonel Denby declared that we
wanted the islands regardless of the interests or pro
tests of the people, but only because they would
probably be profitable to us, and if they were not
we did not want them at all. Professor Worcester's
book on the Philippines, written merely as a narra
tive of. his personal experience and observation in the
archipelago long before we dreamed of its conquest,
is a mint of material for argument against having
anything to do with it. Admiral Dewey is indis
putably on record as declaring the Filipinos as better
qualified for .•eminent than the Cubans. These
individual views are ail canceled in the report. It
begins with a statement of the reason given by the
natives for the revolt against Spain which began in
1896. It is characterized as not a movement for in
dependence at all. Quoting the native proclamation
which stated its basis, the report says: "The insur
rection was solely to obtain relief from intolerable
abuses. It demanded the expulsion of the friars and
the restitution to the people of the lands, with a
division of the episcopal sees between Spanish and
native priests. It demanded that the Filipinos have
parliamentary representation, freedom of the press
and religious toleration, economic autonomy and the
benefit- of the laws of the kingdom of Spain. It de
manded the abolition of the power of banishment,
and equality of all persons before the law, with equal
pay for Filipino and Spanish civil servants.
:•. concludes that the people who
and fought for them are in
•' Bclf-governmo
an who knows the history of his country
• by the exact resemblance between
*nd the demands upon England which
r,wn Revolution. Our forefathers be
: .gland for parliamentary rep
:;, for economic autonomy, for disunion of
• d 'tatc, for legislative independence. These
rejected led to the declaration of Thomas
c that "these colonies are and of right ought to
be free and independent States," and inspired the
speech of Patrick Henry to the House of Burgesses,
we hope, a classic of American patriot
■
inos who could formulate such demands
and ■ them were endowed with the active
gen: '-ndence.
The commission reports that it examined many
upon the subject of the capacity of the
people for self-government, and as a result of the
testimony concluded that that capacity doe? not
I Therefore this Government is justified in de
cmd in making war against the natives until
-i de=ire it are all killed or effectively sub
jugated.
Our Declaration of Independence says: "We hold
the*e truths to be self-evident, that all men are cre
ated equal, and with certain inalienable rights,
among which are life, liberty and the pursuit of hap
• 1 that to secure these governments are in
stitut< ' .' men, deriving their just powers from
n=rnt <ii the governc!."
After that Declaration was adopted Mr. Jefferson
went home to Virginia and put its precepts in prac
tice in that colony. He abolished tithes, thus sever
ing the connection between church and state, and
destroyed primogeniture, establishing family equality
in inheritance, and forbade the entailing of estates.
This republic has developed on those lines. Are we
to continue thereon or abandon them? is the real
■ m in issue in the Philippines and wherever our
■ liction goes.
The commission generalizes upon benevolent pur
poses, and promises what is to follow conquest.
These generalities and promises are offset by the
riral facts that such relations have never yet
blished between conqueror and conquered.
Equality between them has never yet occurred. It is
between the Irish and the English, after seven
centuries of domination by the conqueror. It is not
between the English and their Indian, Burmese or
Cingalese conquests after nearly two centuries of
contact He is a hopeful prophet indeed who can
look for it between us and the people of a race so
different as the Filipinos.
The Declaration of Independence includes "all
men" in its statement of equality of right.
The great fart, disowned by the commission, is that
all men have rapacity for self-government. It is
born with them into the world. The forms by which
ir is accomplished differ with racial characteristics.
There is self-government everywhere in the Philip
pines outride the American lines, and where it is there
anarchy. Last January an official report to our
Department said that, in addition to his mili
tary expulsion of Spanish sovereignty from the four
islands of Luzon, Panay, Negros and Cebu, Aguin
'a government "was administering government
with dignity and justice."
The commission concludes its rhapsody with that
which is the real reason for the position in which
this Government has become involved. This is a
- ■ of the wealth of the islands in agriculture,
minerals, timber and trade, of which "the United
State* will obtain a large share." This part of the
rt reads like the Englishman's reason for the
P.oer war: "If you had a chance to seize a billion of
gold in the Transvaal mines wouldn't you do it?"
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
ONCE MORE MAYOR PHELAN.
ONCE mi re a ■ ' ""- '■ " iber of Republicans
have cast their votes for and one or
two of his colleague* on the Democratic
I ticket to elect them to office. Th:s is the third time
' that Mayor Pheian has profited by that vote, and it
'is an ev::e:.-e of the ccr.fi ier.ee with wh::h he is
| regarded in certain cy
The Call opposed Mayer Pheian and the whole
Democratic ticket because it believed that upon every
■ .. ■ • . -epub'.icar. ticket would provide
ity with a better administration. Now that the
test is over and the vote discloses that a majority
• the citizens desire Pheian to have another term
•~.ce, The Call has no furl san opposition
to n. .11 recogr.ize him as the :hiei executive
I trill supp rt I im in all he
■ welfare of the community and in the
:ts of progress, economy and reform.
Up to tl Phelan's official career has
not beer. I any advantage to the corn
to accomplish anything has been
1 by his friends to the re
tior> | . • • .
made the plea that
a new charter g ger powers he would do much
to promote advancement That plea re
peated day after day through the years has had its
effect and long before the campaign began a senti
ment in favor of g .a term of office under
the r.ew charter had been elaborately cultivated. We
are r.ow to Bee 1 be the outcome. An effort
to c t 1 >ns of the new charter ;
ar.d with an eye single to the public
good will be sustained by The Call, but any attempt
to use the powers of the Mayoralty either to supply
patronage to the Democratic bosses or to advance
the political foi Pheian himself or any of his
t imptly exposed and condemned.
To the Honorable Horace Davis the Republicans
of the city owe a political debt of more than ordinary
extent. He entered the campaign as a matter of civic
duty. His reputation, established by years of distin
guished service to the community, both in public and
in private life, was already high, but it has been in
creased by the manner in which, under trying circum
stances, he conducted the campaign. He was met at
the outset by d( in the ranks of his own party,
and some of these were made under circumstances
which were sii '-xasperating. Spies were set
upon his tracks and every action of his life was noted
by men eager to discover something which malice
could distort into wrong. He was caricatured and
lampoon" . \-:vely. All this he bore
with serenity and kept on his way with the unifi r:n
dignity and c are the distingui
marks of a true gentleman and an honest man.
His defeat is due to no fault of his own. Even
those who voi insi him will bear testimony to
his high character and his worth. He would have
laid the foundations of government under the new
charter upon right principles and would have es
tablished precedent? of immense value in shaping the
policies of future Mayors. It is to be regretted that
he has been defeated, but the regret is not on his
part, but on that of his feliow-citizens.
In conclusion it is but just to point out that Pheian
and his organs repeatedly declared during the cam
paign that nati rties had nothing to do with
the issue, and that his success would not mean a
Democratic victory. We shall now see whether they
will be true to that declaration after the contest is
ever and it is no longer necessary to delude Repub
lican voters.
The coming Congress will have to attend to busi
ness from start to finisl . and big business at that, for
the people expect of it the settlement of the mone
tary standard, the reformation of the currency, thy;
undertaking of the isthmian canal, the construction
of a Pacific cable and the promotion of the Ameri
can merchant marine.
BRITISH NAVAL STRENGTH.
rOR some reason the British Government has
taken advantage of the opportunity of the
in South Africa to make a demonstration of her ,
naval power on a scale far more imposing than any
thing in the situation seems to justify. The Boers
have not only no navy but no seaport, and such re
ports as have been circulated of the probability of
the Transvaal Government issuing letters of marque
to privateers are hardly worth serious consideration,
and yet British fleets have been set to work with as
much vigor as if the empire of the seas were at stake
in the conflict.
Dispatches from London announce that while the
channel squadron has been stationed at Gibraltar to
be ready to act with the Mediterranean fleet at any
moment, swift cruisers are on watch at Las Palmas,
St. Vincent and other points on the route to the
Cape; British warships are continually passing and
repassing through the Suez canal, and what is styled
a "particular service squadron" has been ordered to
make ready for sea. Thus the British have estab
lished an immense naval patrol along the whole
coast of Africa and are guarding the Mediterranean
front about as vigilantly as that around Cape Colony.
If the purpose of the Government be to give notice
to the nations of Europe that Great Britain is able
to hold her own against any interference that may
be attempted, the demonstration has been well de
vised. Certainly a striking illustration has been given
of the naval power of the empire. Within a month
Great Britain has arranged to transport an army of
60,000 men across 6000 miles of ocean. She has ac
complished the feat without seriously disturbing her
great commercial steamship lines, and she has pro
vided the money to defray the cost without levying
any increased tax upon her people. Now to add to
the effect of the lesson she mobilizes fleets sufficient
to patrol the coast of a continent without materially
weakening her squadrons in any other part of the
world.
It is not likely the immense cost of the vast dem
onstration of power on the seas has been undertaken
without good cause. There is at present no evidence
of any intention on the part of the powers of Europe
to interfere to prevent the conquest of the Trans
vaal, but there i^ no telling what might happen should
a serious reverse be suffered by the empire in that
part of the world and the war be prolonged. The
British statesmen evidently believe it just as well to
let the powers e re what the strength of the empire
is and how effectually Britain can hold her own else- \
where while battling in South Africa.
In this emergency the British are enjoying the
benefits of the wisdom which guided them in building
up their merchant marine in time of peace. Thanks
to the subsidies granted through a long course of
years, the Government has found at its disposal an
> supply of swift steamers for the transport of
troops and of sailors to man them. It now clearly
to be seen that the money expended in promoting the
merchant marine has not been wasted, nor has the
construction of a powerful navy been foolishly under
taken. Without the strength which her statesmen
have bui't up on the seas in times past Great Britain
might now be confronted not by the Boers only but
by one or more European powers demanding of her
the surrender of Egypt, and the struggle might be
on her part not for the extension of empire but for
its very existence.
Whatever may be the differences of opinion among
our people upon other subjects, ail who truly desire
the welfare of the coast are united in the opinion
that the Pacir.c Coast should have a representative on
Interstate Commerce Commission, and that the
man for the place is W. R. Wheeler.
PROSPERITY IN ThE SOUTH.
BY an examination into the conditions of the
is district- 1 Los A gelea is the
center the Tirr.es of that city has obtained
• • re has been a full and com
plete recuperation from the ill effects produ ed il
section oi i by the double disaster of the
collapse of the real estate speculation of the boom
times ad the depression brought about by the
financial panic of 1893. The showing is one which
be g ■ "ng to all Californians and merits more
than a passing notice.
In Los Angeles itself the Times estimates that
new buildings now in process of construction by pri
ite parties, ai • • ie work, have a
I combined n of more than $500,000, an.:
add a number of fine business houses, residences,
churches and manufacturing establishments to the
city. There is said to be plenty of money for the
needs of enterprise, and a canvass of the banks re
: veals an increase of many millions of dollars of de
its over those of last year.
Similar reports are given of conditions in the sur-
I rounding •. In Pasadena new buildings of ail
: kinds are being erected, there is a general activity in
business, and so completely have the people recov
! ered their sanguine, progressive spirit that it is prob
able large municipal improvements will be under
taken which will add much to the attractiveness of
the place bcth for residence and for business.
It is noted in Pomona that the ranchers are plant
ing more orchards, and in many cases pear, prune,
apricot, olive trees, etc., are being uprooted and re
: placed by orange g Merchants are increasing
their businesses, and the houses which are being
' constantly built are generally of a more substantial
character. Five oranee-packing houses there have
been enlarged this season. The real estate market
has been decidedly active. There is no dearth of
capital.
At Whittier it is said there have been large move
ments of capital toward the development of oil wells,
water facilities and the handling of fruit. It is esti
mated that in the past year $200,000 has been invested
in the oil industry alone. From Riverside the reports
say: ''Remarkable activity is shown all along the
line. During the past year more orchards, have been
; ianted, more acres set to grain and more buildings
erected than during any like period, not even except
ing the boom days, in the history of Riverside. Es
tablished concerns in all lines of trade are doing 20
' per cent more business than at this time last year."
From Anaheim, Santa Ana, Redlands, Ontario,
Santa Barbara — in short, from every center of busi
nc-s throughout that section of the State — equally
good reports are made. In two respects the reports
are everywhere the same — there is ample work for
labor and wages are good. In most places there has
been an increase in the rate of wages, and the wage
earning population is sharing in the prosperity of the
property-owners.
OUR CONSULAR SERVICE.
OUR consular service is one of the things on
which experts differ so much it is dimcult for
outsiders to form a definite opinion concern
ing it. Time and again efforts have been made to re
form the service, and elaborate statements have been
made of its defects, but in each instance the efforts
have been defeated by the presentation of facts tend
ing to show that the service is about as good as can
be made.
The consular reports issued by our Government
have repeatedly won the commendation of British
and other European authorities on commercial sub
jects, and they certainly give evidence of a good deal
of care on the part of the consuls in seeking out in
formation likely to be of value to American exporters.
On the other hand, there have been made many kinds
of complaints of a lack of training on the part of the
men engaged in the service; a lack which it is said
puts us at a disadvantage with European merchants,
who are aided by their skilled and well-trained rep
resentatives abroad.
The subject was recently discussed at the com
mercial congress, and the weight of opinion appeared
to be that there is needed in the consular service a
better educated class of men than we now have.
Robert Adams Jr., who as Minister to Brazil had
occasion and opportunity to study the subject, said
our service is not satisfactory and not up to the
standard of that of other countries. Consuls, he de
clared, should speak the language of the country to
which they are sent, or at least French; they should
pass a special examination for their positions and
have tenure for life, or at least during good behavior,
and there should be a chance for promotion held out
to them as an incentive to d^o good work.
Mr. Adams attributed the defects of the system to
the manner in which the consuls are selected. "Our
foreign representatives," he said, "are now appointed
through political influence, and it would be impos
; sible for any President to stand up against the pres
sure brought on him to make such appointments. It
is the system that must be changed, and it is strange
that our up-to-date business men do not give the
matter their attention, for whatever the business inter
ests demand for the benefit of American trade they
ultimately get."
Owing to the rapid expansion of our foreign com
merce the subject has become one of more import
ance than ever. Granted that the service is in many
respects excellent, that many able men represent us
as consuls, there remains the fact that improvements
may be made in it. and it is worth while to set about
the reforms at once. As we have to compete with the
nations of Europe for commerce we must have in the
field representatives just as well trained as those pos
sessed by a European country.
Providence was kind yesterday and £aye the voters
pleasant weather for the elections in all parts of the
country. In this city it was an exceptionally open
election day — even the saloons were open.
Since Dcwey could not come to San Francisco to
receive an ovation he should at least make the trip
on his bridal tour.
MIDWAY BETWEEN THE
POLE AND THE EQUATOR
SHAFT TO BE ERECTED AT NORTH PERRY, ME.
CALAIS, Me., Saturday.— A singular mark of honor, and yet one to which it
is naturally entitled, has Just been conferred by the United States Government
upon North Perry, a little village situated In Washington County, about twenty
one miles from this city. That hitherto insignificant hamlet Is located midway
between the equator and the north pole, ar.d tnlfl memorable fact is to be noted
on a shaft which will be erected within the next few days at one of the most
central points in the village.
Tlvre is one church in North Perry, and the shaft will be placed on one
side of the little path leading from the street to the church door. On the front
of the pillar will be cut the words, 'Thia stone murks latitude 45 degrees north,
half way from the equator to the north pole."
Naturally this unexpected incident has set the people of North Perry in a
flutter of excitement. Thf-re are only about five hundred persons in the place,
and while the men earn their living by acting as guides to hunting parties and
by working in the lumber camps, the wonr?n and children earn a little- money in
the spring and early fall by picking berries and sending them to the canning fac
tories. Not often do they take a holiday, but they are determined to have one
on the day when the shaft is placed in posil
The stone, which has just been completed at a granite quarry near here, was
ordered by the Government, and the spot which U will occupy has been marked
by the geographical surveyors of the States Government as being pre
cisely mldv.-ay between the equator and the north pole.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. G. Hughes is registered at the Occi
dental.
Arthur McArthur, O. S. N., is a guest
at thp P ilace.
Ex-SIK-rifi T. W. O'Neil of Sacramento
is a guest at the Grand.
C. M. Kilborn, one of the leading mer
chants of San Jose, Is at the California.
D. C. O'Rielly, a prominent railroad man
of Portland, Or., Is a guest at the Palace.
B. D. Eeylard has come up from his
home in San Mateo and Is a guest at
the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. c. H. Sperry have come
down from Stockton and are registered
at the Grand.
IT. T. Heisler of the United States Geo
logical Surrey is among the recent ar
rivals at the Occidental.
Johnson H. Wise, a wealthy planter of
Honolulu, was among the arrivals yes
terday at the Occidental.
A. Friedenthal, a traveler from Berlin.
Is registered at the Palace. He is on a
tour of pleasure to the c<
Bank Commtosioner A. W. Barrett has
returned from a short trip to Los Angeles
and is once more at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. John H. Crawford, two
prominent society people of Honolulu, are
among the recent arrivals at the Grana.
Dr. F. O. Chamberlain and Paul H.
Jahee have come up from their homes at
San Mateo and are staying at the Palace.
Henry I. Berby, a wealthy resident of
New York, is at the Palace, accompanied
by bis daughter and a party of friends.
They have come to the coast on a pleas
ure trip.
W. B. Jerome, general Western passon
ger agent of the New York Central lines,
with headquarters at Chicago, arrived In
this city yesterday on a tour of inspection
over the territory under his charge.
Captain George C. Rotter. V. S. N .. who
has been for some time past In charge of
division 13 of the life-saving serv*.*-. ha*
arrived In this city to take command of
the cruiser Philadelphia. He is registered
at the Occidental.
George M. Bowers, on© of the brst
known and most prominent business men
In the Territory of Arizona, Is at the
Grand accompanied by his wife. He
f-omes to this city on a visit which com
bines business with pleasure.
Attorney E. S. Pillsbury has Wt Tor St.
Louis, whore he will represent the Pacific
('oast Jobbers' and Manufacturers' As
sociation before the Interstate Commerce
Commission. H. S. Loveland, Wakeneld
Baker and Charles Tay, of this city. Jacob
Baruch of Los Angeles, Henry Hahn of
Portland, J. C. Stubbs. W. F. Herrln and
William Sproule, of the Southern Pacihc
Company, together with Traffic Manager
W. A. Bidsell of the Santa Fe, have also
gone on to defend the Interests of the
coast before the same court.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Edward Llver
nash of San Francisco is at the Fifth
Avenue. C. H. Bentley and wife of Sac
ramento are at the Imperial. James Cole
man of San Francisco Is at the Norman
die.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— Joseph C.
Spear, Surveyor of the Port of San Fran
cisco, is In Washington; L. A. Wright of
San Diego Is at the Shoreham; Represen
tative Cushman of Washington is at the
St. James.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
IIITLANDER— J. K. and L., City. The
term Uitlander, as used in the Transvaal,
means foreipn resident.
CABLE CROSSING— F. D.. on board the
lowa, City.— The letters on the signboard
on Goat Island which indicates the loca
tion of the submarine cable are 8 feet 6
inches in height.
NO RELIGIOUS QUALIFICATION— A.
S., City. In the Transvaal religion is not
a qualification for voting. No one is
barred from the privileges of citizenship
on account of religion.
SAN LUIS OBISPO OFFICERS-R. 8.,
City. In San Luis Oblspo County there
are three Democratic and two People's
party Supervisors. The District Attorney
of that county is a Democrat.
LAW JOURNALS-H. P. R., VacavlUe,
Cal. There la one law Journal in San
1 Francisco, In Illinois, three in Massa
chuj-> r.-. two In Michigan, two in Minne
.e in Nebraska,
six in New York and one in Ohio.
BASEBAL,Lr-S., City. In ISB7 the rule
of baseball was for a time five balls and
four strikes.
DEED OF TRUBT— M. R. City. A deed
of trust is the assignment of property to
] a trustee for the purp ise therein declared.
A mortgage is a transfer of property as
i security lor a debt.
WHITE AND BLACK— N.. Oakland,
<"'al. The law on the prohibition of whites
and negroes marrying is the same in East
Oakland as it - Francisco. The
law of the State of California prohibits
the marriage of white? and negroes.
PROGRAMME— R. D. P., Morro. Cal.
According to the Century and the Stand
ard dictionaries, the pronunciation of
"programme" and "program" is "pro
gram." Pronouncing the word "pro
grum" is an affectation that is not war
ranted by the spelling of the word,
•t written programme or pro
gram.
CODE COMMISSIONERS— HL P. R..
Vacaville, Cal. The title of the office held
by the California Code Commissioners is
"Commissioners for the Revision and Re
form of the Laws." The Commissioners
v. C. Van Fleet of San Francisco, A.
C. Freeman of San Francisco and G. W.
Den: . igeles. The office of the
Commissioners is at Sacramento.
THAT POEM— S., French Gulch, Cal.
' A friend of this department writing from
Sonora gtfves the information that the
poem in which are the lines:
The soldiers who hurried the dead away
• Disturbed not the sleep of that last
embrace,
Is to be found in McGuffy's fourth reader,
old series. The poem is entitled "The
Brothers."
CAUSE OF THE WAR— S. L. S.. City.
The principal cause of the war between
Great Britain and the South African re
public is that the Boers refused to give
British subjects and other uitlanders cer
tain rights of citizenship which the Brit
ish authorities claim their subjects were
entitled to, on complying with the laws
"!' the country; also the refusal of the
Boer Government to recognize Great
Britain's suzerainty.
CANNOT BE ANSWERED— M. R.,
City. When a man is commissioned lii
the United States army no question la
asked as to his religious belief, conse
quently it is impossible to answer the fol
lowing: "How many commissioned offi
cers of the Hebrew faith (father and
mother) are at the present time in the
United States army?" "How many com
missioned officers of the Hebrew religion
(father and mother) were in the service
of ihe volunteer army of our late war?"
HOMESTEAD— C. J.. Stockton, Cal. If
a homestead was selected from the com
munity property, it vests upon t,.e death
of either party in the survivor subject to
no other liability than satisfaction of
judgment obtained before the declaration
of homestead. .. ebts secured by mechan
ics, sub-contractors, artisans, "architects,
builders and laborers of all kinds, mate
rial men -or mechanics' lien on the prem
ises, or debts seemed by mortgage on the
premises by husband and wife, or debts
secured by mortgage on the premises be
fore the declaration of homestead.
AN ADDRESS— C. N. T.. City. If you
wished to write a letter to the firm of "J.
Jones & C 0.," you would be justified in
supposing that the firm was composed of
men, and it would he proper for you to
use. In addressing the firm. "Messrs J.
Jones & Co., Gentlemen;' 1 but if the firm
name read "Mrs. J. Jones & C 0.." arid
you did not know if the Company was
male or female, you would be justified In
using only "Mrs. J. Jones ft Co." The
same rulo applies as to a communication
signed by the writer so that it Is impos
sible to determine if the writer Is a man
or a woman, as. for instance, if the letter
was signed "J. Jones" you would simply
address the party by that name.
ADVERSE POSSESSTON-E. F., City, j
Where It appears that there has been an |
actual continuous occupation of land un
der a claim of title exclusive of any other
right, but not founded upon a written in
strument, judgment or decree, the land
so actually occupied, and no other, is
deemed to have been held adversely. For
such purpose. It must appear that the
land was protected by a substantial en
closure, that it was cultivated or im
proved, provided that in no case shall ad
verse possession be considered established
under the provisions of the codes unless
it shall be shown that the land was oc
cupied and claimed fdr the period of five
years continuously and that the party or
parties, their predecessors or grantors
paid all the taxes. Slate, county or mu
nicipal, which were levied and assessed
upon the land.
OUT OF THE ARMY-M. E. M.,
City. A man who has enlisted in
the regular army of the United States
must serve out the term of his en
listment, unless for good cause the
authorities order hi? dtec h as.
for instance, physical d:;
dier al'uded to in the
having already served two yean
on payment of a eeri
Department, purchase hi- ■
REBELLION RECORDS-F. O. 8.,
i Santa Cruz, Ca!. The Govenu
! cation, "The War 1
Official Records at the T-J.'.on a
Confederate Armies," la "ff»:
by the SupertoU
Ferrell, for the Gov- i
is 1447 Huntington place.
There are about eigh" rang
ing in price from V
ume, according to binding.
GREAT BRITAIN' AND G:~
A. S., City. According to '■"■
the following is the army Strex -
Great Britain: Regular
colonial, 173.33'-
serve, first da- •
militia, personal staff ar.d militia i
-132.493; Channel
Bermuda 2472: Yeoman Cavalry,
i volunteers. 263,963; total, 742.42"
i forces of Germany
440, and on a war fool
TROUT— G. H.. <::■■
Penal Code of California says: '
person wn
for sale any kind of trout lesi I
inches in length; every person who take?.
catches, buys, Bella, exposes or on
sale, or has* in I
! trout or any variety of trout excep
head. between the Ist day of De
and the Ist day
year; ever>' P^r r ex ~
for sale an
i the Ist day of February a:
■ May of each year; ■
j any time takes or cal
except with hook or line la guilty of *
misdemeanor."
The several counties of the State can
I make local law.- • - t not De In
conflict with the general law.
NAVIES-G. H. D., City. Th« British
navy has 34 first-class battleships, 11 sec
and-class, 10 third-class, 15 ar:
cruisers, 1? protected cruisers, 14 am
coast defense vessels, 59 iecond-class
I cruisers. 45 third-class cruisers, IS eloops
of-war, 1 dispatch boat, 27 torpedo gun
boats, 17 first-class gunboats, 12 S€
' class gunboats, 1 torpedo ram, 53 I
; class gunboats and river boats, 15 train
| ing vessels, store ships, refitting ships.
j etc., a fleet of 53 steamers, subsidized, ar.d
■ 2&5 torpedo-boats.
; France has IS first-class, » secoEd-class
I and 9 third-class battleships, 16 first-class
; and 20 second and third-class cruisers, 16
1 coast defense vessels and 19 gun ye
1 48 gunboats, training ships, etc., a:
> torpedo-ooate.
Germany has 6 first-class, 4 eecond-ciass
' and 6 third-class battleships, 2 first -class
and 4 second-class and third-c^asa
; cruisers, 19 coast defense vessels, --
ing. etc., vessels, 10 gunboats, 10 auxiliary
cruisers and 153 torpedo-boats.
! Italy has 10 flrst-class and 5 second-class
'■■ and third-class battleships, 5 armored
; cruisers, 14 second and thlrd-cias.3
■cruisers. 8 subsidized cruisers, 17 gun
boats, 57 other vessels and 212 torpedo
i boats. , ,
Russia has 11 first class, 7 second clas3
1 and 5 third class battleships, 15 coast de
fense ■■ first class and 4 second and
i third class cruisers, 43 gunboats, :r^
: ships, etc., and 236 torped^-bcats.
Austria-Hungary has 4 first class and 2
i second class battleships. 2 armored i
ers and 10 coast defense vessels. 13 se
and third class cruisers, IS gunboats and
89 torpedo-boats,
i Spain has 71 war vessels and 28 toi
■ boats. Denmark has 20 vessels. G
' has 27, Netherlands has 55. Norwa:
41. Sweden has 37. Portugal h"
, key has 23. Brazil has 25. Chile has 28, Ar
! gamine Republic has S3
i Phina has 17 and Japan has 31. E
: these navies hav^ I Tts.
The United States had on the 151
last September 13 battleship?. 5 a-:
cruisers, 1 ram.
15 protected cruisers. 4 < 13 giin
boats, 2 dynamite I
16 torpedo destroyers
10 wt
14 naval tups. 9
: =h. and l n 2 v«
auxiliary navy.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per ib at Townsend's,'
Special information supplied da.
business houses and public men by L I
Press Clipping Brreau (AHei 's), 510 !
gomery street. Tp'< - ; ; . •
Where Water Is Wanted.
Prodigal ? turned fron
Alaskan sold fields)— What are you
ting for apples, dad?
Farmer— Nothin', yet. I'm ask!: -
cents a bushel.
"Fifty cents! T^u'd get 150 if you ha 1
them at the Klondike."
"Yes 0 And I'd get tSW for a glass f
water if I had It In hell." — Short Stories.
California Limited.
SANTA FE ROUTE— Connecting train leaves
at 5, Monday. Wednesday, Friday and . Satur
day, giving passengers ample time to see Los
Angeles and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and best track of any line to the East.
PERSONALLY conducted T
with latest iinpr.ved Pullman Yestibuied .
Ing Cars, through from California to St
St. Louis, Chlcreo and Boston, every Sunday,
Wednesday and i-'-.day. Get full Information at
628 Market st.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup*'
Has been used for fifty years by mill:
mothers for their children while Teething
perfect success. It soothes the child, i
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind C ilic
lates the Bowels ar.3 Is the best rerr. - ;
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teet':
other causes. Wot sale by drupgists lr.
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr-.
Winslow's Soothing: Syrup. ?'c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL CORONADO— Take advar.taee
of the round-trip tickets. Kow only |
steamship, including fifteen days' beard at ho
tel; longer stay, $0 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Care, worry and anxiety whiten the hf
early. Renew It with Parker' ■ Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best cure for corns, is cents.
Consoling.
Tit-Bits.
Condemned Man (to his lawyeri — It's a
long sentence, sir, to be sent to prison foi
life.
I,awyer (Inclined to a more hopeful
view)— Yes, it does seem lor.g; but perhaps
you won't live a great while.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak
Lungs
When your throat and lungs
are perfectly healthy you
needn't worry about the
germs of consumption. They
don't attack healthy people.
It's the weak, debilitated, in-
flamed membranes that arc
first affected. Hard coughs
and colds weaken your throat
and lungs and make con-
sumption more easy.
If your lungs are weak
scoffs Emulsion
is the best remedy you can take. It
soothes and heals and gives tone
and strength to these delicate mem-
branes. In this way you can prevent
consumption. And you can cure it
also if you haven't had it too long.
Keep taking it until your lungs are
strong and your weight restored.
At all rirucirists; 50c and ! 1.00.
SCOTT & BOWNE, (Senxbts. New York.FILIPINOS ARE
BEATEN BACK
An Attack Made on the
Fourth Cavalry.
♦
ONE AMERICAN DROWNED
«
RAFT CARRIED AWAY AT
CABANTUAN.
♦
Mounts River Is Blockaded and Gen
eral Wheaton Is Believed
to Have Landed in
Safety.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SI LA, Nov. 7.— A force of 800 in
f a ;. Hacked the Fourth Cavalry
making three futile charges
three men, the Americans los-
• acr ss tha ferry at Ca
| I ay.ay by the swift
en men of the Third
I ard with their horses. One i
on's orders were to land
n. a fishing village
>t Dagupan. The
there only numbered
I . whereas at
are some thousands of in
flve miles of strong
River Is blockaded. Gen- i
I to have landed
munlcation with him '
••morrow. The
»n good since he started,
nld have been able to take the
• ■. ithout great loss of '.If* 5 . Fr^m
an General Wheaton can control
: . iac lv Liie '
making a junction with Gen
wton. General Mac Arthur will
hi a advance toward Tarlac to-night.
al Lawton will resume his advance '
though in the face of great
. that dis.rict having
all the bridges in the vicinity,
engineers built for
rai Lawton has been
' r several days to get ra
: rward. The Thirty-fifth Regiment i
rini'orce him to-morrow.
SAYS FILIPINOS CAN
EASILY BE CRUSHED
FLORENCE, Ala., Nov. 7.— General Joe
a letter to Hon. W. J. Wood
•rig his views on the Phll-
"I am delighted with the Philippine
doubt that a little
gy thla fall will crush out
insurrection. Out of
. . '.c In these Islands I do
.: he has more than 20,030
a square ticht 5000 Ameri
■ them to pieces. All that
b them out at once Is
at them and keep at
until the- v. rk
mds have
ie. Their
great from north to south
variation of the altitude Is such
re is a great variety of climate
■ . ! find this
nt field for their energies, and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nearly fifty years
of constant and painstaking
endeavor has characterized
the. out-put of John Wic-
land's Brewery.
In the beginning as
now there was no better.
To-day it stands the largest,
richest and best equipped
in modern and scientific
apparatus for making a pure,
wholesome beverage for
family use.
WieSands
Extra Pale
is the "Pasturized," bottled
product of that high stan-
dard. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
>v Aia k^ Fli ma I it fiwr i
* w '" guarantee
J^^^^ that my Kidney Cure |
jcgjßflfciiSßL ' wii! cure °° per cent '
££*f^^^®!%L of all forms of kidney j
4T,i' ?SCT oomplaint and In ;
g% •"^aj r many Instances the
r§ &*%*ii?2£J most serious forms of
V * *Z£ Bright's disease. If •
\ /*s&s tbe seaBe 8 com ' !
V *~2f&stJ plloated send a four- :
<(>fawTjrag^ oence tUI of urine. ,
<^*jQteZs3H!^k c wl " analyze it i
\{W|^4^s"S?*|A?J and advise you free 1
i 1 Or what to do.
' I ' MITKTOK.
At an eroggisti. 230. a rial. Onid» to Health
yd mi^il^ai BdTl<7e < r<^- 1505 Arch st. Phlla
lfljfljwimit« :
llf^MrThe best of all ]p|
11^^ or Biliousness, Jg
gBF Dyspepsia and ail JSm
m Stomach Disorders^^r
Hl all the jBF
ISA Cble&eatcr'a English DUuaond Brand, ~
ehhVboyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
N yri-^ Orlrlp»I and Only Oeßnlae. ▲
*V"Ji>"\ Urofc!»t tor' ChUheier't l*oic» ut
t (( '> > -^" Druggit tor Chichutert Xnaluh Z>-a-JWV>.
C&r&CJ&Q.mind Brand in Brd »:..l <i:li m*talllc\>Mr
»T^l?\BJjb«x««, »csJod with blue rlbbas. Take \jß r
tW *^W'2bo other. Rt+nt i<ir.g*r<n.i ru l i.'iru- ▼
1- J 'SB.'* jmttianM and imUatu nt. At Droggiiti, or «rnfl 4*
I 4> Jm tn itimpi for pirtienlnri, testlmooUlj »■(
V TJ» » "K»llof for I-o die*," in Utur, bj return
«V Er Midi- Js>ooO T>-iHmoBi«!«. Koat, Papgr.
*AC!;l' l >e*terO«ißicalCe..MiuU*«a fVqa»r4b
iftij all I-o ai Druf flit*. PHIL*»A-i Vit
TEE CALirOBNIA COI.LEQE OF DENTAL
BOBOEaY.
Comer McAllister and Larkln atre«U, Is now
open tor the admission of Ktudents. Apply to
P. W. DENNIS. M. V.. D. D. S., dean at the
eolleee, or A. D. OLEAVEB, D. D. 8., assistant
dean, 413 Parrott building. /
WEBSTER JONES IS
SECRETLY DIVORCED
SettlemeQt Arrived At by Botb
Parties Out of Court, aod
the Decree GraQted.
? SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 7.— Judge Day signed a decree of divorce in ©
favor of Mrs. Beulah M. Jones and against "Webster Jones of San Francisco ♦
O to-day. The divorce was secretly granted on Saturday, November 4, but it O
4 has been kept quiet. The attorneys for both parties refuse to be Interviewed ♦
9 on the case and will only say that a settlement has been arrived at by both ?
* parties outside of the- court. It Is understood that Mrs. Jones will have the q
? care of the children. ♦
* 2.
q+.q+.q + 0-*-0-*-O-+O-*-0-*-o+-0 + 0-*-0 + o'+o-* O*-O*O-»O*O> O-»-O ♦-O-*- O + O*-O*^
the wealth producing powers of these isl
ands under American influence will be
very great.
"The action of some people in the
t'nlted States in asserting that the people
of th<* Philippines ought to have inde
pendence does a great deal of harm
and assists Aguinaldo in maintaining the
Insurrection, as he publishes all asser
tions by Americans of that character and
he tells his supporters that If they hold
cut until winter Independence will be
given them. It also has a bad effect In
this— that the people were disposed to be
favorable to us, and though deßiring us
to govern the islands, fear to assert
themselves, because they know that If
they should do so and the Americans^
should abp.'idon them they would be In
gioat danger. Their lives and in all prob
ability their property would be confis
cated.
"On r.he 9th of September I had a little
flght with the enemy at this point, but it
d'd not amount to much, although as im
portant ac some other engagements which
have been dignified in the papers as
lights. lam sorry to say that much
which appears in the papers of the V ■
States is gross exaggeration. I expect
to be on hand for Congress."
DEPARTMENT RECEIVES
COURT-MARTIAL FINDINGS
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 7— The War De
partment has received reports In the cases
of the three volunteer soldiers court-mar
tialed In the Philippines and sentenced to
death for assaults upon natives. While
no Information as to the nature of Gen
eral Otis' report has been made publio. It
Is understood that he has approved the
sentence of the court, as otherwise the
papers would not have come to Washing
ton. It Is probable, however, that the
approval may be accompanied with a rec
ommendation for a reduction of the sen
tence.
TRANSPORTS ARRIVE
SAFE AT MANILA
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— General Otis
cabled to-day that the transports Rio,
Sikh and Valencia arrived to-day. Pri
vate Patrick Cleary, Company G, Thirty
fifth Infantry, died October 26 of ptomaine
:;ing. The Rio and Sikh sailed Octo
and, Or., with the Thirty
fifth Volunteers. The Valencia Bailed
fr< m San Francisco October 3 with re
cruits.
ELABORATE PLAN OF
THE BOER CAMPAIGN
LONDON, Nov. B.— The Standard's cor
respondent at I,uxombourg gives further
derails of the Bopt plan °f campaign,
which was drawn up, he asserts, by a
"general of European reputation."
Dr. L^yds obtained from several gen
erals In Germany and Belguim, as well
as In Holland, a t-eries of highly Inter
esting plans, although there Is no reason
that the general whose plan
was accepted ever imagined It would be
put Into execution. The correspondent
says:
"The portion included the seizure of the
coast railway north of Durban by an at
tark through Zululand, or by way of
Greytown and Umbolt. Thus throughout
Natal offensive tactics were suggested,
but In the Orange Free State the plan
proposed a defensive policy baaed on the
strategical advantage given by the posi
tion of the Orange Free State on the
flank of the railway north of De Aar
Junction, and trusting to the Orange
River and the obstruction of the railway
bridges to induce tho British to advance
through Kimberley to Blo< mfonteln or
thri'Ugh Mafeking and Pretoria.
"me isoers are aavisea in tne scneme
not to oppose either 'if these moven
In their earlier stages, but to operate on
the lino of communications, namely, 150
miles from De Aar to Kimberley and 250
miles from Kimberley to Mafeking. Dr.
Leyds has been assured that if the Boers
can hold out two months the European
powers will Interfere. It Is clear, there
fore, that the only way to disconcert their
plans is to obtain the right to dispatch a
third army to Delagoa Bay."
FRENCH HAS EMBARKED
LONDON, Nov. ".— ln the course of 1
special dispatch from Pietermaritsburj
published by the Dally Telegraph this
morning appears the sentence: "Genera
French has embarked at Durban foi
Cape Colony.
MYSTERIOUS SUICIDE.
Bartlett Irving Putsa Bullet Through
His Heart.
AUBURN. Nov. 7.— Bartlett Irving, a
popular young maxi, committed suicide
here to-day. He had been employed at
Zantgraf mine, but was In town on a
short vacation. Everything was appa
rently well with him when last seen at 2
k last night. H«> borrowed a pistol
from Arthur McMurray ostensibly for
tion and Btarted for the Conroy Ho
tel, where he roomed. There he left his
• ■ and repaired to a vacant
M.m" distance away, where his
body was found this afternoon on tho
\'ii.< k porch. His iir'nst was bared and
an uijiy wound covered the heart. The
bullet passed through the body and Into
th< woodwork of thf building. The body
was first discovered by Miss Nellie
Prewitt, a daughter of Judgo Prewitt,
while on her way home. No motive has
yet been learned for th<) rash act. '1
Irving's parents ropMf at Placerville, and
he has a brother in Sacramento and a sis
ter in Oakland.
CHARLES MURPHY DEAD.
Was a Well-Known Contractor at
Vallejo.
VAI.LEJO. Nov. 7.— Charles Murphy,
one of the oldest rcplrlrnts of Vallejo, died
at his home this morning. Mr. Murphy
has lived here for the past forty-seven
years, during which time he amassed a
comfortable fortune as a contractor. He
was 82 years of age. A widow survives :
him.
Mr. Murphy had a contract for making
the excavation for the stone dock at Mare
Island, but owing to a dispute the claim
which ami»uni>>d to nearly $10<m>Ti w; ,^
never paid. For many years he went to
"Washington at each session of Congress
and endeavored to have a bill passed au
thorizing Us payment. Ho could have
secured part, but refused to accept less
than tho full amount.
JACK THE CHOKER.
Petaluma Excited Over the Actions of
a Mysterious Stranger.
PETALUMA, Nov. 7.— Considerable ex
citement is aroused in this city by a mys
terious stranger who has been assaulting
ladies on the streets after dark, rushing
up behind them and attempting to choke
them. The choker has been given chase
by citizens, but succeeds in making his
escape. The entire police force is out on
his trail.
Bled on the Road.
PLACERVILLE, Nov. 7.— John W.
Dench, one of the oldest and best known
business men of this city, fell dead from
heart disease last night while on
the way from hie store to his .home in the
suburbs of the town. His body was found
this morninc where he had fallen.
THE SAN IRAK CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
VICE PRESIDENT
HOBART BETTER
Sits Up and Hears Elec
tion News.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PATERSON, N. J., Nov. 7.— At a late
hour to-night Vice President Hobart's
condition was reported to be more favor
able. It was stated at bis h-mse that Mr.
Hobart had been able to Bit up In chair
at the window for a short time and had
. ; food, something that he
had nut done in three weeks.
lie w;is less nervous to-night than he
has been for some days, and h.is family
felt encouraged over his apparent Im
proved condition. Dr. Newton, who re
mained at the house to-night, would not
uragexnent as to tha Vice
President's recovery.
During the day Attorney General Grlggs
called and had a short interview with the
Vice President. Mr. Hobart was cheer
ful and he told Mrs. Hobart that he hoped
to be able to take her out for a drive De
fore long.
It was undoubtedly the best day the
Vice President has had for weeks. He
appealed greatly Interested in the elec
tions and inquired especially after the
Ohio result. He Instructed his private
secretary to procure for him the earliest
possible returns from Ohio and the other
States. The early returns were furnished
him, but he did not remain awake for the
j later news.
WANT RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
Resolutions Adopted by the Yolo
County Board of Supervisors.
WOODLAND, Nov. 7.— At a meeting of
the Board of Supervisors to-day the fol
lowing was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The preservation of the
rivers is of paramount Importance to the
the State; and
"Whereas, The harmonious relations
that existed between the United States
nment engineers and the State
Commissioner of Public Works and
during the past two years
tly expedited the work, of river im
-1 : >\ • ment; and
Whereas, The discontinuance of work
by thu State Is calculated to discourage
further appropriations by Congress for
iprovement of the Sacramento and
aquln Kivers; and
Whereas, The Improvements Inaug
thu Commissioner of l'ubllc
\\ iks and so ably prosecuted by the
: on ihe Sacramento River
11 to bo of great benefit t.> the
land producers of Yolo
County and the State; and
Whereas, The weir near Elkhorn and
at N<-wtown shoals were Ro:ne
[mpaired by the high waters of last
winter ■ repaired to prevent
further Injury to said works, if not their
total destruction, by the high waters uf
this winter, and
Wh( - I weir and Jetties are
the pi 'ho State and are entit'od
■ re, be It
• By the Hoard of Supervisors
inty ,
we respectfully petition
the Governor to Immediately order sucn
repairs made to the weir and Jetties as
will Insure them from further damage.
nd, That the Governor Is hereby
petitioned to take such action as will in
his judgment bo best calculated to result
In the prompt resumption of work on tue
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers by the
State.
A. M. PITTS DEAD.
With Lewis Posey He Laid Out the
Town of Biggs.
BIGGS, Nov. 7. -This morning A. M.
Pitts dted from the result of a fall sus
tain. ■■! last wp?k at his resld^nco. He
waa a native of Georgia, 72 years of age.
Mr. Pitta and Lewis Poßey, also deceased,
owned tho land and lai<l out the town of
Biggs al the completion of the California
Oregon Railroad In 1870. He Is sur
vived by his widow, s<>n Walter ami two
daughters, Laura and Grace, all of Biggs.
Ready to Take Hawaiian Census.
HONOLULU, Oct BL— A. T. Atkinson.
United Sta J Agrnt-ln-ohief to
tako the cersua of thR Hawaiian Islands,
arrived hero this morntt;g on the steam
ship Gaelic, after a visit to Washington
for instructions. The work of the census
bureau will begin as soon as possible.
very word "operation" strikes terror to a woman's
THE very word " operation " strikes terror to a woman's
soul.
■*" Nearly always these operations become necessary
through neglect.
If the menses are very painful, or too frequent and excessive,
get the right advice at once and ■ ■■
stop taking chances. It will cost \AM&toBUtpRM
you nothing for advice if you write Ww%J'ilwmamMw
to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., m 9^/f^ff/n
for it, and if you let the trouble W%JBBJ
run along it will surely cost you a ftoRS&'DA VfffDM^
great deal of pain and may mean %JwrKmWmM% m ffl/Hv
an operation. , L — -
Miss Sarah J. Graham, Sheridanville, Pa., writes: "Dear
jfPf^^rz^zz^ziEF^ Mrs. Pinkham: — I had suffered for sev-
j^ — — "^^^"f^l^) era * years with female troubles and
I'" f : \y, I tfnf doctored until I was discouraged. I felt
*^{sExs wretched and tired of living. I had dis-
%P' ■$$$ =i= i^^^^^w^ r J ease of kidneys, bladder trouble,
(o^W^< JUP^ -$idvs&&[s-JL dropsy and bloating, had womb
j Qf/op, : flfC -^T r'l^%\ trouble and a ar & e tumor had
{^'•■■S^qgfj^S^y-^j^ formed; in fact all my organs
Sf%si|i^fc^|MlB' " Seeinga woman's letter prais-
S^^^SHHfi^ in & y° ur remedies - ] wrote to
•^P^^^^^^^^ftl her and she begged of me to try
¥d fi^!S^^Ml>>, Ws£% it. telling me all that it had done
M \!iElilli^ M Mffi for her. I bought six bottles of
*\ \ WMs¥^^ P S§S^ L y dia E - pinkham>s Vegetable
3§ I )S^^^/-3^iriNl Compound and now cannot ex-
M UsQ^S^s^S^ S l^? p ress my & ratitude to y° u - The
IS Jfc%?^S^^ji tumor began to come away in
?Mk Vl^^^^NS pieces and I got better all the
Jll^lajJ^^^^^^-^J^: time. I believe now that I am (
jl^^^^b^^i * !| """ lli w^^ it at first, as they all had told me
F^^^W>iipg«^*B>* B^>L I! that my case was a hopeless one,
and n0 human P Po w er could do mo
' ti^^^SZX ai \^ ia^^l» any good. They were astounded.
i ' If I can say anything that can
help other women, I shall be
™|tev jj j^ jg not safe to wait until the
— v— i •>** " last moment. , Head off trouble
by prompt attention to it. Don't be satisfied without Mrs.
Pinkham's advice.
- • .
PUZZLED OVER
THE OPEN DOOR
Count Cassini Returns
to Washington.
♦
RUSSIA FAVORS FREE PORTS
♦
EVIDENCES OF FRIENDSHIP
WITH AMERICA.
♦
Embassador Says That All Europe
Hopes for a Speedy Settlement
of the Troubles in South
Africa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Nov. B.— The Morning
Post to-day makes the following
announcement:
"We have received a dispatch
from Washington respecting Anglo-
American policy in tha far East
which is of such a nature that it Is
desirable at the present juncture
to withhold it from the public until
we are able to confirm or deny It."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— The Russian
Embassador, Count Casslnl, who is just
back from a long visit to Europe, was
seen at the Russian Embassy to-day and
talked in a most entertaining manner on
International questions which have en
gaged public attention. Count Casslnl has
been prominently Identified of late with
the Chinese situation, as It has been
stated that on hla return here he ■would
make known to the President and Secre
tary Hay the desire of the Continental
powers of Europe that the United States
should Indicate what port or sphere of
influence in China It desires to occupy.
"I saw many prominent public men
while In Europe, including Count Mura
vleff," said Count Casstni, "and I assure
you that this is the first time that I have
heard that such a proposition was to be
submitted to the United States. In my
talks at St. Petersburg, Paris and else
where many phases of the Chinese sub
lect were discussed but nothing abso
lutely nothing, occurred to warrant any
report that I individually, or with others,
have any special inquiries to make con
cerning China. To be sure, this and a'l
other current topics are Informally dis
cussed, but it can be stated positively
that I return without any special mission
to perform and without Instructions re
lating to China."
Count Casainl said It was difficult '.o
understand the recent agitation over an
"open door" in China.
So far as Russia Is concerned," said
he, "her door stands open. The great
commercial port of Talien-Wan has been
made free to the commerce of the world
by formal proclamation.
"No discriminations are made against
the commerce of foreign countries, and
Russia enjoys no special privileges at this
port."
<'oncerning the Identity of Russian and
American Interests in ( hina, Count Cas
sinl said Russia was now buying rails and
railroad supplies from the T'nltod States
to build the Trans-Siberian Railway
through Manchuria; moreover, the Em
bassador pointed out that there as else
where the traditional friendship betw.-vn
the Russians and the Americans existed.
As to European b< ntlment concerning
the Smith African war. Count Cassini
Bald: "Of course all Europe is watching
this contUrt with profound interest and
concern. Rut It Is the interest of ob-
Bervers, and there Is no suggestion or
thought of any intervention or move of
any kind from outside quarters. Tlv> ! a
of life which is occurring is particularly
regrettable, and it Is to the lnterei
all that peace should be speedily re
stored."
"A Prophecy."
Sessions of the State Woman Suffrage
Association to-day at Golden Gate Hall
will be held at 2 p. m. and 8 p. m. Mrs.
C.irrie Chapman Catt of New York will
speak to-nipht. Subiect, "A Prophecy." •
Laboratory Burned.
PRKSCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 7.— The labora
tory at the assay building and the entire
outfit connected with It belonging to the
Valverde Copper Company at their larg*
new smelter at Aqua Fria, now Hearing
completion, were totally destroyed by fire
last night. Included in the establishment
was one of the most expensive balances
ever made. The loss Is placed at $^om.
The lire will cause a delay of three waeks
in Mowing in the smeller. Work was
commenced to-day on a new building and
a new outfit has been ordered by tele
graph.
Chinese Laborers Riotous.
HONOLULU, Oct. 31.-The Chinese con
tract laborers on Waianae sugar planta
tion created a small riot this morning by
their attempts to secure the release of one
of their companions, who was arrested
yesterday for assaulting a foreman of ho
company. They gathered about the jail
a hundred strong and threatened to use
force to free their countryman. Se-en
police officers were sent to the i.cene of
tho trouble this morning: from Honolulu.
Meanwhile the Deputy Sheriff and tho
plantation hands at Waianae kept the
Chinese at bey.
SUISSER'S FSAE
IN JURY'S HANDS
No Verdict Reached at
Midnight.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SALINAS, Nov. 7.— The sole topic of
conversation in Salinas to-night is will
George Suisser, who killed Sheriff Farley
on the night of September 18, atone for
the act by capital punishment. The jury
In the case has already been deliberating
several hours and at the present time
there is no immediate prospect of a ver
dict. Knots of people were gathered to
gether at various places discussing the
subject, while at the Courthouse a con
course of citizens male ami female,
waited patiently for the jurors to decide.
The entire day was devoted to argu
ment, a most brilliant appeal being made
on both sides. District Attorney Andres
sen made a most telling argument this
afternoon in closing the case for the peo
ple. C. F. Lacey for the defense related
the entire course Suisser pursued during
the three days before the fatality and
expostulated vehemently with the jury
that the poor wretch who committed the
crime was not responsible and further
more that the majority of the wit:;
for the defense were virtually neg
witnesses and hedged questions whenever
possible— so great was public opinion
against Suisser ttiat they dare not try to
assist him.
Judge l>nrn gave an exhaustive charge
to the jurors and at 4:45 they retired, to
the amazeme-nt of some, who thought the
men would not leave their seats. The
j'iry balloted several times and at 6
o'clock went to supper. On their return
they could not agree and remained lit
the* same condition until a late hour to
night. The jury was locked up at mid
night. ,
TIRE IN THE HOLD.
Vessel Arrives at Boston With a
Cargo of Cotton Ablaze.
BOSTON, Nov. 7.— The American tramp
steamer Winifred, commanded by Captain
Langhorne, arrived here to-day from
Galveston, October 28, with cotton. In her
forward hold on fire. The vessel's cargo
consists of 5150 bales of cotton, consigned
to New Kngland mills. On the second
day out from GalVeston smoke was dis
covered Issuing from the forward hatch.
Steam was at once injected into the hold
and by this means the tire was held In
check, although not wholly extinguished.
The steamer continued on her way here
with the fire smoldering among the bales
of cotton, but there was no danger to ihe
chip.
Just how serious the fire is cannot be
ascertained until some of the bales . re
removed. The value of the ship's cargo
is about $250,000.
Sues a News Agency.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— The Court of Queens
Bench to-day granted the Peninsular and
Oriental Steam Navigation Company a
rule for criminal Information against t.ie
Echo and a London news agency for
publishing a report of the alleged founder
ing of a British troopship on November 1,
In which the name of the company's
stMrncr NTuhla was mentioned.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fiBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHQ
B
| Free Tickets!
H TO THE
I Orpheum! |
—
BUY YOUR
I Lenox and j
[ Ivory Soap I
£ SAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AND
g OET FREE TICKETS TO THE D
■ ORPHEUM. C
B
i The Johnson=Locke
Mercantile Co., |
204 FRONT STREtT,
SAN FRANCISCO,
Mj WHI Exchange for Lenox and Ivory ■
Boap Wrappers
BFREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM !
UNDER THE FOLLOWING CON- ■
DITIONS:
™ If You Want a 25c Reserved Seat B
B Send 25 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP ■
■ Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP 2
■ Or eIM send 15 Wrappers of LENOX 2
! SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP g
■ If You Want a 50c Reserved Seat 13
B Send 60 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP ■
9Or 24 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP M
Or else fend 25 Wrappers of LENOX 5
SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP ■
ÜBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
AUCTION
BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
513 California Street,
Thursday, Nov. 16, 1899,
At 12 M. Sharp.
VAN NESS AYE. ARTISTIC HOME.
25x100—2022 Van Ness. S. of Pacific; 12-room
house; the mosi nrtlstlc front in the city;
owner leaves country.
NEAR ELLIS AND LEAVENWORTH;
RENTS $130.
S3xsfi — 1-3 Cohen place, off Ellis, W. of Leav-
enworth; 8 modern flats; reduced present rent
$130- 5 minutes' walk from Market st.
HANDSOME HAYES-ST. DWELLING.
25x75—1307 Hayes; 8 rooms and bath; 2 car
lines; key lot; Bunny; attractive home; needs
to be seen to be appreciated.
CORNER LEAVENWORTH AND BROAD-
WAY; RENTS $3S.
40x6S— S. E. cor. Leaven worth and Broadway;
1 houses; rents $3S; sold without limit by order
of referee; 1624-1626 Leavenworth; 1131 BroaJ-
way.
CORNER GOUGH AND PINE.
33x81— Irregular; 1709 Pine; S. E. cor. of Pina
and Goujrli . choice neighborhood, adjoining i
home of J. F. Kennedy Esq., and facing home
of M. J- McDonald Esq.
OCTAVIA CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND
HAIGHT.
87:6x60- N. W. cor. Oitnvia and Rose; 151 to
155 Octavla: 3 dwellings: rents $90.
CAMFOKNIA-ST. HOME; RENTS $30.
22:8xS7:6— S. line of California. 70 feet E.
of Pierce; 2527 California; cosey 7-room modern
dwelling.
11 LOTS, FOUNTAIN, NEAR TWENTY-
FIFTH ST.
N. W. cor. Fountain and Twenty-flfth sts. — 11
lots, with corner 35x100; rest 25x100 and 25x110;
as a whole or In lots.
NOE. S. OF NINETEENTH, 7 LOTS.
174x125— West line of Noe, S of Nineteenth Bt, ;
as a whole or in 7 lots; a number of new
buildings In this block are sold and occupied.
FREDERICK, NEAR COLE.
25x137:8 — Splendid for n dwelling or flats: S.
line of Frederick, 130 west of Cole.
< ; I ■ ERRERO-ST. DWELL] NO.
24:6x125—1321 Guerrero. E. line, 251 ft. S. of
Twenty-flfth; 9 rooms and bath; modern;
Twenty-fifth st. now runs through from San
Jose aye.
2 50-VARA. KEARNY AND LOMBARD.
275 on Kearny, 137:6 on Lombard. 137:6 on
Chestnut: whole or In divisions; .4 old houses;
large demand for cheap homes In that neigh-
borhood.
BTTLISH DWELLING; RENT $55.
22:6x107:6-- No. 1917 Valie.io. W. of Octavla;
9-room modern home; marine view; rent $55.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 60 day; ;
$5 to $8 week: $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot '
and* cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runs a!l night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEPARATE DRESS SKIRT BARGAINS.
TAILOR-MADE DRESS BARGAINS.
CAMELS-HAIR PLAID SEPARATE SKIRTS,
fnew cut habit backs, full finished, percaline
jp*T\ lined and cord bound, worth to-day QQ nfl
' %,/t\ $5. Our Bargain Price wuiUU
W$$JJ ALL-WOOL HOMESPUN CLOTH SKIRTS,
v\\y grays and all the new shades, tailor made,
/^*s full finished, percaline lined, worth OA flfl
to-day $6. Our Bargain Price... WTiUU
>® TAILOR DRESS and JACKET BARGAINS
>M>^ ALL-WOOL HOMESPUN CLOTH DRESSES,
iSiif^C^ tailor-made, jackets silk lined, skirts habit
|k|j|pss^/^4 back, grays, browns and blacks, worth
rg^i-*!**^ to-day $18. Our Bargain Dress (Mr t\f%
Price OSUiUU
ALL TAFFETA SILK-LINED DRESSES of fine all-wool camel's-
hair cloths, tailor made, the newest style jacket and skirt,
all silk lined with colored taffeta silk, worth to-day Of)Z flfl
$35. Our Special Price O/UiUU
TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKET, all wool, the new OP f\f\
style, all sizes, worth to-day $9. Our Special Price. OUiUU
KELLY & LIEBES' CLO sm/SocsE,
jUIL lIUUuLij
120 KEARNY STREET.
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY.
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Wells.
Midway Between
Coalinga and McKittrick Districts,
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
sale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
Xr 1^ ES E! ?^1 /$«Ji ALISKRT
90 Kg Im % Importer and
a X I ■ i; «■ t^ Kannftctnps,
I U^f $&%0 116 Grant Ay.
Telephone
GREEN 325.
_ —
ri?*l B ■ § v VLWmnm
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
P»rii, i. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGEaA * CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER
Eddy and Jones 3ts. Phone SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVENING.
A GENUINE HIT! A NEW CHARM!
••FIFI" SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY
NOT FALSELY ADVERTISED,
THE DAINTY PARISIAN FARCE.
MLLE. FIFI!
I The Sensational DEWEY Moving Pictures.
PRICES 15c, 25c. Ssc, 50c, 75c
MATINEE 15c. 25c, 35c, 50c
ALL SEATS RESERVED.
NEXT SUNDAY EUGENIE BLAIR
In A LADY OF QUALITY."
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco, San Mateo Co.
Main Office, Parlor A, Palace Hotel, S. F.
W. J. MARTIN. F. H. GREEN.
President. Sec. and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON.
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. 18, 1599,
Inclusive.
Six high-class running races every week-
day beginning at 1:80 p.m. Last race at 4 p.m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
■ TRAIN SERVICE, Southern Pacific Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.
Special race trains at 12:40, 12:50 and 2:45 p.
m.. returning immediately after the last race
and at 5 p. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS— Arrive
at Tanforan at 12:50 p. m. Leave Tanforan at
3:10. 4:00 and 4MS p. m. Trains leave Valencia
street ten minutes later than from Third
street. All trains stop directly at the entrance
to grandstand.
Last cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return,
Including admission to grounds, $1 21. Single
round-trip tickets 40 cents. Holders of Asso-
ciation Badges may secure a twenty-four ride
coupon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon
presentation of badges at Third or Valencia
street stations for $3 50.
Register all complaints Without delay with
the Secretary and Manager of the Association.
CONCERTo AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND~ZOa
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
FRANK HALL, Subduing "Wallace," the
Monster Lion.
MAJOR MITE,
. High Diver and a Great Show
Visit the "CABARET DE LA MORT "
TO-MOR THURSDAY NiGHT
AMATEUR MEGAPHONE MIN3TRELS.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
CONEY ISLAND NOWJN SAN FRANCISCO.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
25 attractions creating a world of amuse-
ments; 3 hours of genuine pleasure. Novelties
added daily. JEFFRIES-FITZSIMMONS en-
tire fight; Professor Hill on the high wire-
razzle dazzle, funniest ride on earth. Admis-
sion to attractions and ride 10c. Presents to
winners of every race. Open from 1 until !
11:30 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY, WED., NOV. I.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Children,
10c, any part.
Thousands Greet the New Bill
With Enthusiasm!
CORNILLE, the auburn - hain»d Parisian
beauty and the biggest hit In town. Her sing-
ing, her acting, her dazzling beauty and charm
of manner have never been surpassed by any
artist. Jerome and Alexis, Leo Carle, Ooggin
and Davis, Lola Cotton, the Blograph. Jack
Norworth. Merritt and Murdock, Louise Dresser
and her Pickaninnies.
COLUMBIA^
LAST FIVE NIGHTS-MAT. SAT.
The King Pins of Comedy.
MATHEWS AND BULGER
In the Up-to-Date Version of
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES,"
PRICES, $1, 75c, Boc and 25c.
WEYT MftVTHV Opening of the "Cook
NCAI JuUNUAI Ladles' Union" Campaign.
Broadhurst's Great Laugh-Loosener.
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
Can You Do Bad Cooking Worse?
If Not. Come and Learn How.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
i CALIFORNIA THEATER
THE CROWDS CONTINUE.
NANCE O'NEIL.
LAST PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT OF
"THE SHADOW."
Thursday Afternoon, "THE JEWESS."
Thursday Night. "THE SCHOOL FOR
SCANDAL."
Friday Night, "MAODA."
Saturday Matinee. "THE SHADOW."
Saturday Night, the new "CAMILLE."
Reserved Seats 73c, 50c and 25c.
Matinee — 50c and 25c.
Next Sunday Night, HARRY CORSON
■ CLARKE, in "WHAT HAPPENED TO
JONES."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
' A Greater Triumph Even Than EL CAPITAN
r . , TWO WEEKS ONLY.
Francis Wilson's Greatest Comic Opera Success
THE MERRY MONARCH.
I A Delightful Evening of Hearty Laughter,
! Beautiful Melody, Superb Scenery and Gor-
geously Resplendent Costumes.
HEAR THE SONGS:
"The Fate of the Wise Ostrich Who Knew It
I All," "When I Was a Child of Three," "Love
Will Find the Way." "Where Shall I Be Next
Week?" "Well. That All Depends Upon Your
Past Life."
POPULAR PRICES— SOc. 35c. 25c. 100, 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
■; THE FUNNY WEEK NOW ON.
The New York Lyceum Theater Comic Hit,
Entitled
NERVES!
INVENTED FOR LAUGHING PURPOSES.
UNCHANGEABLE PRICES. . ..15c. 25c, 35c, 500
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT— "MY FRIEND FROM INDIA."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
' TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Friday Evening and Saturday Matinee.
The Jolly Comic Opera Success
"THE THREE BLACK CLOAKS."
Ninety Minutes of Constant Laughter!!!
: Bright and Catchy Music to Please the Ear!!!
j Gorgeous Costumes. Scenery and Effects!!!
A Superb Cast, Orchestra and Chorus!!!
The Enormous Grand Opera Triumph
"L'AFRICAINE,"
Thursday, Saturday and Sunday Night*.
j POPULAR PRICES-25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone for Seats. Bush I.
\JL* ¥ IWM I lA* EDDY ST., .
%Jlmt ¥ iVlaijfA con. mason
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE CITY.
The Biggest and Best Bill in Town.
MARIE D. WOOD.
The California Nightingale.
Re-engaged at Great Expense and for a Limited
Period.
JULIA LINTON,
Singing and Dancing Soubrette.
Her First Appearance on Any VaudevHle Stage.
FRANK BARTON,
The World Famous Barytone.
RUTH NELTA,
■•*'* And Her Transvaal Babies.
i AND A HOST OF OTHER ATTRACTIONS
: ADMISSION FREE
— MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY
AMATEUR NIGHT— EVERY FRIDAY. '
78
u/est.
GOLFERS OUT
IN FORCE AT
SAN RAFAEL
Compete in Approaching and
Driving and in a.Handi
cap Match.
The San Rafael Golf Club held several
Interesting competitions yesterday, the
principal event being eigftteen-hole han
dicaps for men and women against
"bogey." The "bogey," or best score, for
tie nine holes for men is as follows: 6, 6,
6, 4, 5. 5, 7, 5, 6 50. Ten players entered
the men's event, each receiving a handi
cap of several strokes. The players, han
uieaps and scores are shown In tno tabio:
MEN'S HANDICAP AGAINST :■ OKI
Player. i Hand i Score.
R.*GUman Brown ', 1 1 1 0101 11| .up
C V romeroy I VI 10112 12| 1 up
li. A. Parker I ....... 31 3 up
A. A- Curtis I 223122554 3 duwn
■J. Heazelton llimiliH down
J. J. Crooks , 12101 IS S| 10(down
: - lemeni l lold -22121 -- 3 •
t. L. Griffith 82312122 3 •
W. G. Curtis i 2 23122i3J| •
X S. Johnson lii*2 iB4 4 4 •
• Returns not In.
As shown by the foregoing, the compe
tition was unfinished. Of the scores re
tarded, those of R. Gilman Brown and C.
V. Pomeroy were the best, both being one
up on "bogey." The handicap will be
played out later.
There was also an eighteenvhole handi
cap for women, lor whom the.bogey score
was 7, 7, 7, 4, 6, 6, i), 7. 'j— The results
ure shown in the table:
WOMEN'S HANDICAP AGAINST "BOGEY."
| Player. 1 Handicap, j Score.
jlrs RG. Brown 1 01100001 4 down
Mi.-s Alice Hoffnian:r:| uliluoulOj 4 down
Mus Kleanor Morrow. | ....... 1 2, 15 uown
Mrs i-\ S. Johuaon.Tr.l 1 221n2 2S; o ilown
Mrs. J. T. HurKe | ..... 1 2 2 3| U Uown
Mrs. J. J. Crooks i 2 2 :n23 aJ| 4 a v >
Mi>. A. A. Curtis I: 2 3 ....... ? down
Miss T. C. Morgan.... ( 123 12 12 2 31/S down
Mrs. k*uu. . ±^ • J JL 3 . a»»»a»' "_
•On nine holts. •• No returns.
Mrs. K. G. Brown, Mists Alice Hoffman
and Mr*. J. J. Crooks, who tied with four
aown; will play off the tie on Thursday.
The men's driving competition was won
by Utortfe Heazeiton, wuii a. drive of. ioi
\.'irus 1 loot, clear carry, it. G. Brown be
ing second; witn a duva .1 143 yards 3
inches, clear carry.
Tno mini approaching competition was
from a distance of uxi yards over a two
loot net, the eat three shots out. of live.
B. Q. Brown won first prize, placing three
balls 7 feet 1 inch, 15 feet 9 inches and 26
feet respectively from the cup, or an aver
age distance of 10 feet 3 inches. R. A.
Parker was second, his best three at
tempts being lo feet .', Inches, 17 feet 2
Inches and 1!7 feet o aches, or an average
distance of is feet 3 inches from the cup.
J. J. Crookfa 1 three were 18 feet 4 inches,
Vj feet 10 inches and 25 feet 5 inches, or an
average distance of 21 feet 2 inches. A. A.
Curti.s" beat i ..-■ c balls were I<s feet 4
Ip.cnes, 2o feet and 27 feet 1 inches, or an
average distance of 22 feet 2 inches from
the cup. G. Heazelton lofted three balls,
which were 2y feet, 31 feet 11 inches and
K5 feet 4 Inches, or an average distance of
3J feet 1 inch.
The woman's driving contest was won
by Mrs. R. G. Brown, whose best drive
was I*A feet, clear carry. Mrs. J. J.
Crooks and Misa Eleanor Morrow both
drove 25S feet, clear carry- Others who
competed were Mrs. F. S. Johnson, Mrs.
Kautz, Mrs. liurke, Miss Hoffman and
>ii?s Morrow. ,
Ihe ladles' approaching contest was
•won by Mrs. R. G. Brown, whose, three
best tries over the net were 4 feet 6
Inches; 5 feet 7 Inches and 24 feet 4 inches
from the cup, or an average of 11 feet 6
Inches. Miss A. Hoffman lofted three
balls, which were distant 11 feet, 14 feet S
Inches and IS feet 7 inches, or an average
of n feet 9 Inches from the cup. Mrs. J.
J. Crooks' three nhots were 17 feet 7
Inches, 41 feet and 47 feel 9 Inches from
tho cup, the average distance being: •''•s
f.T-t S inches. Mrs. F. S. Johnson, strs.
Kautz, Mrs. Parker, Mrs. Burke and Mrs.
Curtis Iso competed.
WHEELMEN ON THE ROAD,
Members of California Cycling: Club
Compete in Its Annual Ten-
Mile Race.
The California Cycling Club held its an
nual ten-mile handicap road race last
Sunday over the Frultvale-Haywards
course. Although there were a score of
entrants, only ten riders finished. The
road was not at Its best after last week's
rain, but as will be seen by the schedule
the time made was fairly good. K. A.
Coulter, captain of the club, who started
from scratch, made tho best time and also
yon first place. 26 minutes flat being- his
performance. The following table shows
the positions of the various riders:
Flare. Contestant. Hdcp. Time.
1. K. A. Coulter Scratch 26:00
2. Charles Stog-gar 1:30 27:40
b. K. K. Krltstrnson 1:00 29:57
4. 11. Huttp-nbach 1:00 M:4l
6. C. L. !sraun 1:30 31:2»
6. "William Oissler l:E0 32:32
7. F. \V. Muller 1:40 32 53
8. M. Grifilih 2:30 33:39
8. W. Juedt 3:30 34:41
10. J. tun '• i 3:00 24:12
■ ♦ ■
\ Jtieporter s Jffiishap
a number or years ago, said a well
known court official, "when United States
Hupreme Justice Brown was on the bench
in this city, I was assigned as it member
of the staff to interview the Judge at his
home out on Jefferson avenue. I recol
lect that as the servant ushered me into
the hall I observed a lot of ruses scattered
here and there and that as I stepped upon
the clean spaces along the corridor I dis
covered that the floor v.-as waxed to a
magnificently slippery decree. I was
forced to move with mincing caution far
from graceful.
"Approaching the library door i saw a
rue— a white bear skin, 1 believe, and re
solved to make a leap over it. With a
Epring I vaulted, my foot landed on the
rug, the rug slid away and down I went
flat upon the floor. Meanwhile Judge
Brown had arisen from nls library table
and, noticing my mishap, he began laugh
ing. Reaching me, he helped -me to my
feet and remarked with assumed dignity:
" 'Look here, sir. Don't you know that
In thlß«age, this land and this house, such
servile formality is not at all necessary?'
"And then I got my Interview and found
It an agreeable undertaking."— Detroit
Krpe Press.
The Sword-Walking Trick.
"I had a little i-nrty of .Inp jugglers on
the rond In 1891," s-aid an ex-theatrical
manager, "and Rot on to a good many of
their tricks. Most of them were surpris
ingly simple in reality, and one that I
don t remember ever having seen ex
plained waa the f.-at of walking barefoot
ed up a ladder of ."harp «w>rds. The
If were of tho native ctralght-bladed
. and were po keen that they could
easily Bllce a handkerchief in two in mid
air. Before sticking them through the
uprights to form the ladder the head Jap
afwaya paused bis thumb along the edge
of ench from hilt to tip. As he did so he
drew out a narrow steel tape, which was
colli r l on a spring In the handle. The tape
had a hole in the end which caught nn
the point and held It in place, and it com
. shielded the edge. After the wnlk
ing was over It was quietly released as
the swords were being taken nut and flew
up into the handle again. The weapon
could then be passed around for Inspec
tion. Most people supposed that the Jap
some chemical to toughen his Boles,
but the truth was as I have stated." —
Now Orleans Times-Democrat.
Smallest Postofflce.
The smallest prxitofflce in the United
Btates, if not in the world, is at Virginia,
<.n the stage road between San Diego- and
Kscondido, in San Diego County, Califor
nia. The structure was originally a piano
box. and little Improvements have been
made to it. It is six feet high, five feet
long and three feet wide. Private boxes
fitted with Tale locks are on one side.
Stages stop twice a day.
Sporting Svents from All Over the World.
FIELDS WERE
VERY LIGHT
AT TANFORAN
Due to a Misunderstanding of
Orders — Four Favorites
Were Beaten.
Owing to mismanagement or misunder
standing with the Southern Pacific Com
pany, quite a number of horses carded
to start at Tanforan Park yesterday were
not on hand to answer the post call. Some
of them were en- route from Oakland,
while others were loaded on cars at In
gleside, with no engine to pull them out.
Secretary Green Bald it was the fault of
the horsemen themselves as much as the
railroad company. However, the latter
Is pinched for cars and motive power, and
the blame an probably be laid at Its door.
As a consequence, the fields looked like a
Kansas village after a tornado had paid
its respects.
The first choices celebrated election
day, but four times finishing behind tirst
money. Tommy Burns landed two win
ners by clever horsemanship.
Choteau, a Montana-bred colt, made
away with the first purse. The distance
was six furlongs, and he led from start
to finish, going to the post second choice.
Champion Rose, the favorite, finished last.
The field in the seven furlong run was
reduced to two starters— Faversham and
Jennie Reid. The black horse closed a
slight favorite over the mare and showed
his heels to her the entire route. Tommy
Burns sat astride the loner.
Billy Randall attached himself to the
third purse through the medium of his
sprinter Tullamore. The Inspector II
gelding took the lead when asked by
Songer, winning in galloping style from
Lsabelle. St. Aignon, the extensively
touted favorite, hied away in the timber
most of the way, finally downing 1 Flam
away for the show. Two to one was laid
against Tullamore.
When Meadowthorpe warmed up just
before the mile run he showed signs of
lameness, as usual, and the local talent
Immediately placed him on the lobster
list. It Ib an old habit of his, so it would
seem, for when Burns shook him up the
last sixteenth he forged ahead and led
SocialiPt, the 9 to 10 favorite, out a head.
Be Happy, played for a good thing, ran
a good third.
Opponent experienced no difficulty In
disposing of his company in the mile and
a quarter run. A 7 to 10 choice, Devin
laid away with him to the stretch, when
he moved up and won with considerable
to spare. In a hard drive, Reolia downed
J. B. Morris a head for the place.
The closing live furlong sprint went to
Frank Phillip's speedy colt Ravenna.
Potente, the favorite, showed first into
the stretch, where Ravenna, under Burns'
urgent riding, took the lead, and at the
wire was first by a couple of lengths.
Campus was third, two lengths behind
the iirst choice.
Track Notes.
El Arte, a possible winner of the open
ing scramole, was one of the horses side
tracked.
linger gave the Judges a plausible ex
cuse for getting 1 Topmast left. T«-e
Canadian rider seems to play in hard luck
In this respect. He also managed to get
practically left with Lodestar one day at
Oakland when that horse was well
played.
The Daily Racing News will issue Its
first publication of the form book to-day.
It will contain all the races run at Oak
land and Tanforan, and will be more com
plete than ever before.
Dave Milroy, considered the prem'er
ticket writer of the country, is dealing
out the pasteboards for "Bill" l^angtord.
His record of 3400 tickets on five races has
never been equaled.
The Call's selections went down the line
yesterday, all five winners being given.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; Belling"; two-year
olds.
(274)Choteau 104 262 Waterwtck 99
(262)5t. I'aßimir 102 256 Silver Tail 107
Second rare — Peven furlongs; selling ; three
year-olds and upward.
254 Wyoming 1071 258 Rainier 1"2
273 Magnus lOn 232 Rio Chlco 105
248 Ping 107 270 Coda 107
270 Stromo 102)
Third race— furlongs; selling.
256 P. F 102, 261 Don Lula 102
260 Whltcomb 102 271 Manzanilla lu2
... Balllsta 102 ... Marcoto 102
266 San Carlos 102 256 Noma 102
Fourth race — One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
(272)Alaria 92 : 270 Zoroaster 92
255 Dr. Bernays ...-.101 : 272 Lothian 92
Fifth — One mile; all ages.
236 Ollnthus 102 (173)Midlty 82
(265) Malay 107; 277 Topmaet 112
Selections for To-Day. -
First race— St. Casimir, Waterwick, Silver
Tall.
Second race — Wyoming, Rio Chico, Stromo.
Third race — Don Luis, Balllsta., Whitcomb.
Fourth race— Alaria, Dr. Bernays. Zoroaster.
Fifth race- Midlty. Malay. Topmast.
The Chess-Playing Pope.
In his days of illness ]>co XIII finds I
his chief amusement in chess. His regu
lar partner is Father Qiullo, a Dominican
monk. The Pope and the monk have been
playing against each other for over twen
ty-one years, and it is yet undecided
which is the superior. When Leo, shortly
after his enthronization, introduced the
royal game in the Vatican some ascetic
Cardinals raised an outcry, invoking the
decision of the Council of Treves, which i
forbade priests to play chess. The Pnpe \
listened to these fanatics with a superior
smile "U bis lips. "I know all you want
." be remarked, "and I toil you that '
Bishop Petrua, who first thundered !
against chess, and the Treves Council j
were both mistaken. The latter's decision ■
soon fell into disuse, and my namesake,'
1-eo X. openly averred that there was no '■
harm In chess playing. Even the fact that '
Martin Luther, his adversary, was a pas- |
sionate chess player, made no difference." j
In fact, both the Pope and Luther thun
dered against games of chance while prac
ticing ohess.— Abbreviated from quotation i
In The A. C. M., from the Now York Jour- j
naL
The Ingenue's Little Game.
Puck.
He (elatedly)— By Jove! I've taught you
how to swim In two hours. I think that
breaks the record.
She— Oh. hardly! Jack Gadsby taught
me in an hour and a half.
A novel sort of monument is to be
erected on the Gettysburg battlefield In
j September by the survivors of the
Thirteenth Vermont Regiment. The
1 statue will show the bronze figure of
!an officer, his right hand upraised,
' holding a hatchet. The story as to the
i design of the statue Is told as follows:
| First Lieutenant Stephen F. Brown of
| Company X, Thirteenth. Vernjont Vol
'■ unteers, was the model for the statue.
; Just before the battle he was placed
! under arrest and was relieved of his
| eword for having forced a guard from
j a well in order to get a drink of water
while on the march to Gettysburg.
During Plckett's charge Lieutenant
| Brown, not having any sword, seized a
* hatchet and fought with it through the
j charge. After this heroic conduct LJeu
\ tenant Brown's sword was returned to
I him without a trial. He was afterward
\ promoted to be captain.
In the midst of a sermon he was de
livering at Perth Amboy recently, the
Rev. Stephen Szyminowski looked
through an open window of the church
and saw some boys raiding one of his
apple trees In the rectory yard. He
! stopped the sermon to the congregation
! and delivered one to the boys in the
I tree. Not Bure, however, of Its effect
j he secured next day a warrant for the
[arrest of the marauder*,
THE BAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK, Tuesday, November 7, 1899.— Third day of the
Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather fine. Track
fact.
POWER OF COMPTROLLER
TO ASSESS BANKS
IMPORTANT DECISION OF THE
COURT OF APPEALS,
Judge Morro-w Hands Down an Opin
ion of Great Interest to All Na
tional Banks in the
United States.
A decision of the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals was handed down yes
terday by United States Circuit Judge
Morrow In the case of J. Frank Aldrlch,
receiver of the Tacoma National Bank,
vs. Louis D. Campbell, in the District of
Washington.
The vital point at issue was as to the
power of the Comptroller of Currency of
the United States to enforce the collec
tion of assessments In the case of In
solvent national banks. In the opinion
the court holds that the Comptroller of
the Treasury has jurisdiction to enforce
by assessment the individual liability of
the stockholders of an Insolvent national
batik equally and ratably, and not one
for another, to the amount of their
stock In the bank at the par value there
of.
Acting with this clearly defined author
ity. Judge Morrow holds that the order
of the < "omptroller directing the assess
ment 1p absolutely conclusive upon the
stockholders of the bank, and cannot be
controverted by them in any defense they
may seek to interpose against the action
based upon such an assessment. The par
value of the stock of a national bank la
$100 for each share.
It appears that the Comptroller, In the
progress of proceedings In liquidation of
the Tacoma National Bank on April 27,
1896, levied an assessment equally and
ratably upon all the shareholders of the
bank at the rate of $Gfi per share. This
■ ment belnß $35 per share less than
ttiH par value did not exceed the Juris
diction of the Comptroller to raise within
that limit by assessment upon the stock
holders of the bank funds to keep the
contracts, deeds and engagements. On
January 20 the Comptroller levied a sec
ond assessment of $17 per share, making
a total of $82 per share. These two aa
sessments being together $18 less than the
par value of the stock were within the
jurisdiction of the Comptroller to make
in the proceedings which he had instituted
to wind up the affairs of the bank.
Against this second assessment, the
court holds it Is no defense, either at
law or in equity, to say that the first
assessment was more than sufficient to
pay the contracts, debts and engage
ments of the hank. Whether that assess
ment was sufficient is a question which
the law has placed wholly within the
power of the Comptroller to determine,
and without some showing of fraud, ac
cident or mistake it must be deemed by
the court to have been insufficient, and
the necessity for the second assessment
conclusive.
Judgment of the court reversed and the
case remanded with instructions to sus
tain the demurrer and dismiss the bill.
CAUSES OF SUICIDE.
RECENT writers in many countries
agree that suicide la on the In
crease, but the causes that they
assign vary all the way from the
weather to the decline of the or
thodox religious faith. Dr. W. W. Ire
land gathers their conclusions In an ar
ticla in the Journal of Medical Science for
July, and the London Lancet makes an
abstract of the article as follows:
The records collected by Durkhelm
in 1897 show that there are always
more suicides during the six warm
months of the year (April to Septem
ber). This apparently holds good for
all countries In Europe. Thus, of ev
ery 1000 suicides per annum from 590 to
600 are committed in the warm summer
season, and but 400 In the rest of the
year.
A steady and rapid increase «f self
destruction is common to the whole
civilized world. "It is most marked in
those countries which take leading:
parts in the world's doings." Dr. D.
R. Dewey has recently been studying
the question in the New England
States of America, He finds that since
IS6O suicide has Increased about 35 per
cent. In Massachusetts It has In
creased in thirty years (IS6O to 1890)
from 70 to 90 to the 1.000.000 living, and
In Connecticut from 61 to 103 per 1,000 -
000. Norway seems to be the only
country in Europe where suicide is
diminishing. The latest figures given
by Dr. F. di Verce show that "suicide
haß In Italy continued the movement
of ascent which Is proper to it, rising
from «<0 verified cases in 1872 to 1343 in
ISSI and to 2000 in IS9S." All who have
made a special study of this subject
have arrived at the conclusion that
there is in Europe and North America
a steady increase in the number of sui
cides. Some writers say that it is
mounting in Europe at the rate of 50.
--000 a year.
Different causes have been assigned
by sociologist*! for thin formidable
rife. Dr. Fehr, In his learned work,
'Influenza as a Cause of Insanity
(Copenhagen, 189S), states that in Den
mark after the severe and widespread
epidemic of this malady in 1887-88 there
was observed a rise In the number of
BUicidea owing to the mentally de
pressing and debilitating effects of thl3
disease. Dr. Ireland traces the great
er portion of the cases of suicide to
severe strain upon the nervous sys
tem which may be the outcome ot a
multiplicity of causes. Among these
causes may be mentioned the Increased
strain of modern life upon the nervous
system, and this is said to be paral
leled by the steady increase in Insanity
In modern times. Dr. Ireland's
studies on the lunacy returns
of Norway, Massachusetts, Ire
land and of various parts of
the continent accord with the conclu
sions arrived at by Koch, Kollmann,
Cettlngen and Luiner, who have made
laborious studies on this question —
viz. , that there Is a real increase of In
sanity. Dr. Ireland also lays stress
on the decadence of orthodox religious
belief In the great towns. "It Is In
great cities like Paris, Berlin and
Vienna, where agnosticism abounds,
that we have tho greatest number of
suicides.
In a recent Issue of the Revue dcs Deux
Mondes (May, IS9S). an article appears
from the pen of Louis Prool, entitled "Sui
cides from Poverty In Paris." In that ar
tlcle, the muse of suicide was found to be
the difficulty of obtaining constant work
and the low state of wages of some em
ployments.
PROMINENT PEOPLE.
Mark Twain will return to America In
September. His visit to London is pri
marily to arrange for an English edition
de luxe of his collected works.
Nansen, the Arctic explorer, is now
fired with an ambition to try the Antarc
tic regions, and he hopes to have an ex-
E edition organized and ready to start
y 1902.
Admiral Schley says of his Western
trip: "If a man had two reasons for
pride in his country and should then visit
the West he would return with a hundred
more."
Professor Alexander S. Mackenzie, as
sistant profe.«6or of English in the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania, has been elected
to the chair of English at the Kentucky
State College at Lexington.
Professor Benjamin Ide Wheeler of Cor
nell, who has been elected to the presi
dency of the Unlversnv of California, is
one of the best classical scholars In this
"ountry. He is a graduate of Brown, and
las studied under such men as Brugmann,
Curtius. Delbruck, Kluge, Schmid and
Kirchoff, in Leipslc. Jena, Heidelberg and
Serlin. He is not yet 45 years old.
President Finley of Knox College, at
Galesburg, 111., has accepted the editor
ship of Harper's Magazine at a salary of
about $10,000 a year. He has enjoyed the
distinction of bring the youngest college
president in the country, and at least
three other universities have recently
been seeking his services. Mr. Flndley
was one of the college classmates of S.
S. McClure, and this is one of the changes
following on the. alliance of the Herper
and McClure companies.
"While Mr. and Mrs. John D. Rockefel
ler were resting at Tacoma before their
departure for Alaska, they were be
sieged by an army of applicants for va
rious charitable enterprises, including
one Baptist minister, who, presuming on
the millionaire's denominational predi
lections, wanted a little matter of $10,009
to pay off the mortgage on his church.
Mr. Rockefeller declined to see any of
these visitors, sending word that his trip
was "for pleasure, not business."
It Is a wlße actress that knows her own
husband.
RECOVERS
OLD KRISS
KRINGLE
Owner Bird Gets the Horse
Back by the Selling Race
Route.
Bpeclal Dlspateh to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 7.— That good old
selling plater, Klriss Krlngle, is once more
the property of R. L. Bird, who lost hin:
through a run-up in a race at Newport a
few days ago. Bird bought the horse oui
of the third race to-day for $1300. Kriss
Krlngle ran in the colors of H. D. (Cur
ley) Brown, and was an odds-on favorite,
Brown won a good bet on the old gelding
and when $13(Ai was bid Brown dropped
out and the horse was sold back to Its
former owner. Weather fair; track
heavy. Results:
One mile— Frlesland won. Cathedral second,
J J T third. Time, 1:45%.
Five furlongK— Charlie O'Brien won, Tlckfui
second, Ptites third. Time, 1:03.
One mile and three-quartere— Krlsa Krlnpl*
won, Bethlehem Star second. Fatherland third,
Time, 3:07 V«.
Handicap, ope mile— Greatland won, Molo «eo
ond. Kunja third. Time, 1:4.%.
Six furlongi-— Nekarrls won, Siddubia second,
Merry Day third. Time, 1:16.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— This was a get
away day a-t Aqueduct and the last day oi
racing in the Metropolitan district. The
banner crowd of the meeting was on hand
ss the weather was perfect and a good
card had been provided. The sport waj
well up to the standard. Four favorites
and two outsiders divided the card.
The first race, a handicap, was the besi
of the day. Kinniklnnic was made a hoi
favorite, with Queen of Song and Gold
One, the most fancied of the others. Gaze
and Meehanus made the running to the
stretch, with KinnlWnnlc last. Coming
down the stretch. Gaze came on and
looked an easy winner, but Kinnlkinnic
closing with a burst of spoed. got up lr
time to win by a length. Results:
About seven furlongs— Kinniklnnic won,
Gaze second, Buffoon thlrj. Time, 1:25 2-5.
One and a sixteenth miles. Belling—Compen
sation won. Belle of Troy second, Rar« Per
fume third. Time, 1:48 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling I—Kitchenei1 — Kitchenei
won, Frellnfrhuysen . second. Precursor third.
Time, 1:08 4-5.
One and a sixteenth miles— Warrenton won,
Charentus second, Walt Not third. Time. 1:49
Five and a linlf furlnngs. selling— Prejudice
won, Mauvllla second, Shu-reham third. Time,
1.08.
One mile and seventy yards— Lampplobe won,
Raffaelo second. All Gold third. Time, 1:45 4-5,
CHICAGO. Nov. 7.-»Weather clear; tracl
heavy. Hesults:
Four and a half furlong* — Miss Fee won, Mlej
Minerva second, Tlrellne third. Time, :59.
Cine mile and fifty yards— Fantasy won. Del
Pupo II second. T'ardn. thlr.l. Time, 1:49 V
One mile and seventy yards— Ennomla won
Catastrophe second, Marunl third. Time,
1 48%.
Six furlongs— Red Cross II won. Mlcroscop«
second. Kitty O third. Time, 1:19%.
One mile — Prlnee Blares \vr,n, Yolandles sec
ond, Duke of Baden third. Time, 1:46)4.
Six furlongs, selling — Canaoe won. Brulart
Bocond, Diggs third. Time, 1:17V4.
LINCOLN AUTUMN RACES.
Sloan Wins With Lucania and Lester
Reiff With Spectrum.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— At the second day
of the Lincoln autumn meeting 1 the Blank
ney nursery stakes were won by Lucania,
ridden by Sloan. The betting was 80 to 40
against Lucania.
The autumn handicap was won by
Monte Carlo. Sloan finished second with
My Lady's Maid and J. Reiff, on Pan 11,
was third. The betting was 2 to 1 agrp.inst
My Lady 'a Maid and Ito 2 against Pan 11.
The Wellbeck plate was captured by
Lupin. Lady Linthorpe, with Sloan up,
was unplaced. The betting; was 4 to 1
a#rnln6t Linthorpe.
Spectrum, with L. Reiff up, won the
Elsham plate. Manate, ridden by Sloan,
was second. The betting 1 was 9 to 4
against Spectrum and 6 to 5 on Manate.
Jockey McQuade Suspended.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— On account of his
poor showing In the fifth race at Lakeside
to-day, Harry Nutter h.13 been barred
from the Lakeside track. His owiipt,
Hug-h McCarren, and his Jockey, Mc-
Quade, have been suspended.
"World's Record Lowered.
CHICAGO, Nov. B.— Eddie McDuffee of
Boston to-day at Garfleld Park half-mile
trark set a new mark for the half-mile
paced, making 1 the distance in :44 4-5. This
lowers the world's record by 1 1-5 seconds.
Lost His Horses at a Funeral.
At Lamarque's funeral In Paris the
crowd took out General Lafayette's
horses as the famous soldier was return-
Ing home from the service and drew his
carriage to his hotel with many evidences
of enthusiastic love and admiration. The
scene was a stirring one, and a friend in
referring to it some weeks afterward said,
"You must have been very much pleased. '
Lafayette looked at him for a moment
In silence, and then said, with a whimsical
smile: "Yes, I was very much pleased
very much pleased, indeed. But I never
saw anything more of my horses, my dear
friend."— Argonaut.
Once upon a time a peasant observed,
with much uneasiness, that his goose was
laying golden eggs.
Of course he killed the goose.
"For," he exclaimed, "were this to
continue the mortgage on my farm would
presently be lifted, and I should be left
without political prestige In the com
munity."
Some people can't stand prosperity. —
Life.
GI YONG YEN
No. 11.
A PAINLESS, HAREESS AND PERMANENT CURE FOR THE DRUG HABIT.
Morphine, Laudanum, Opium cr Ten She addiction, regardless of the
length of time, the quantity, the manner of using or the particular prepara-
tion of the drug used.
The course of treatment by No. II covers a period of
14 DAYS,
When a perfect and thorough cure will be established arid all desire for
the drug completely and permanently removed.
Gl Yong Yen No. II possesses the full antidotal properties and action of
that marvelous remedy Gi Tone Ten No. 1, and provides for complications
that may exist or that may arise. X a " uu "
It Is especially suitable as a
HOME CURE.
When a longer course is desired than that provided In No I then th«» Va
II will be particularly appreciated. tne ■ No
It is a wonderful remedy, sate, sure and harmless in Its effects and will
never fail to cure in the very worst cases euecw ana win
Blre^^e°lS? I xfr t Sfo. C IL c patlents be careful to state which Is de-
Cases and letters sacredly confidential
Call or write. Hours 10 to 4 and 7 to 8.
DR. CEO. W. WILLIAMS,
216 XEARNY STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
COLUMBIA
BEATEN BY
CORNELL
Shut Out at Football by a
Score of Twenty-Nine to
Nothing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Cornell and Co
lnmbia were well represented at Manhat
tan field this afternoon when the foot
ball teams from Ithaca and the local uni
versity met on the gridiron. Columbia
was a pronounced favorite, odds of 5 to 4
being laid on the blue and white, but the
wearers of the red and white had plenty
of backing. The Ithacan rooters got all
the cash, as well as the glory, as Cornell
won, shutting out the Columbia team by
a score of 29 to 0.
The weather conditions were perfect for
a good game. Fully 35,000 persons wit
nessed the contest. Of these 12,000 passed
through the several entrances and crowd
ed the .stands and bleachers. The re
mainder were packed like sardines on the
big viaduct and along the new road upon
the heights to the westward. "Coogan s
bluff" and the surrounding points of van
tage overlooking the enclosure afforded
accommodation to thousands of dead
heads, who joined in the cheers and col
lege yells which were continuously echoed
and re-echoed from the field below. The
red and white of Cornell was more plen
titfully distributed than the Columbia
colors, but the crowds seemed to be equal
ly divided in its allegiance to the rival
teams.
When Cornell scored the first touch
down and kicked thf> goal the Ithacan
sympathizers broke loose and the waving
mass of red and white flags and ribbons
extended over some forty acres of North
ern Gotham.
Columbia was very much crippled
shortly after the opening of the game
by losing the services of Wright at right
guard, who was disqualified for slugging.
A few minutes later Captain Wilson was
forced to retire and soon afterward Cor
nell scored, Walbridge running and dodg
ing for forty yards through Columbia's
players and planting the ball behind the
line. Young Kicked the goal and Cornell
counted six points. The remainder of the
first half was not productive of any score.
The second was full of good plays and
hard work, in which Columbia was at
times unfortunate. Cornell was always
the stronger and with two more touch
downs and subsequent goals. In addition
to a place kick by Young, 23 points were
added to Cornell's score. At the end of
the game Columbia had failed to tally a
point and the contest ended in Cornell's
favor with a total of 29 to 0.
The line-up was as follows:
Columbia. Position. Cornell.
Neldllnßer-
MoCaakell Left end Devall
Smyt he-Owens.. .Left tackle Folger
Longacre Left Kuard Warner
ma ("enter Person
Wright-Mill, r Right guard Caldwell
Knapp Right tackle Alexander
Itch Right end Tassig
Wil si m- Wolff Quarter back Young
Weeks-Steward . .Left halfback Wa'.bridge
Morley-Gilchrist. Right halfback Morrison
Lftro ndon-Jones-
Norman Full back Ptarbuck
Touch-downs— Walbrldge 4. Goals— Young 4.
Place kick— Young. Time of halves— 3s min
utes.
BOXERS IN TRAINING.
McKell, the Australian Lightweight,
Throws Down the Gauntlet to
"Spider" Kelly.
Herbert MrKcll, the Australian llpht- i
■weight champion boxer, has returned
from a visit to New York and will spend j
the winter here. He is not averse to
meeting some good man who can weigh
In at 136 or 13S pounds. "Spider" Kelly
made so good a showing against Joe
Gans in the East recently that McKell
would like a chance to test his mettle in
a twenty-round bout before one of the
local clubs.
The officials of Columbia Athletic Clnb
are preparing for their first boxing enter
tainment, to be held In the clubrooms, 28
Golden Gate avenue, on the 21st inst. The !
programme provides for the following j
bouts: Jack Dean vs. Billy Perry, J. Bell !
vs. Charles Vickers, Charles Thurston vs. i
Charles Post, "Chick" Finnerty vs.
Danny Mahoney, Bob Armstrong vs.
"Kid" Dodson.
Profane Silence.
During a golf match between the Rev.
Dr. Sterret and Justice Harlan of the
United States Supreme Court, at the
Chevy Chase Golf Club, near Washing- |
ton, the doctor discovered his ball teed j
up in tempting style for a fine brassie
shot. With the utmost deliberation he I
went through the preliminary "waggles," i
and with a supreme effort— missed the !
ball. For fully a minute he gazed at the j
tantalizing sphere without uttering a i
word. At length Justice Harlan remarked I
Bolemnly: "Doctor, that was the most
profane silence I ever listened to."—Argo
naut.
A Puzzle Story.
Patrick O'Shaughnessey and Michael
Grogtin were discussing politics on the
northeast corner of the street crossing
and Wilhelm Schwartzmei.stfr and Au
gust Guckenhelmer were discussing the
same subject on the southwest corner.
. On one of these corners a fight ensued.
On which corner was it? — Life.
One of the stories of how Ing-ersoll
fni!ed to be nominated for Governor of
Illinois recounts that a friend entered his
law office in Peoria one day and looked
over his book-shelves.
"How much did this cost you?" ho
asked, looking at a copy of Paine's "The
Age of reason."
"The Governorship of Illinois," was the
reply.— The Verdict.
Oast
STANFORD
DEFEATED
BY OLYMPICS
College Men an Easy Mark
for the Club's Strong
Team.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nor. 7.—
The Stanford football team met its second
defeat of the season to-day at the hands
of the Olympic team. The game was
played on the university campus. Tha
Stanford team seemed to lack ginger after
the hard game of Saturday, and the Olym
pic forwards had little difficulty in
ing big holes In the Stanford line for their
backs to go through. The Olympics de
pended almost entirely upon line buck
ing, using their backs and their heavy
guards, Cotton and Cadwallader, to good
effect. When Stanford had the ball they
relied upon end runs for their gains,
Fisher and Smith both making gains u£
fifteen yards in this way. Stanford was
notably weak on the defensive, partly be
cause so many new men were tried in the
line. To the strengthening of this part of
the team the efforts of Chamberlain will
now be particularly directed. McFadden
played a line game at end. Cadwallader
Kicked off for. tne Olympics, Murphy mak
ing a pretty run-in of twenty yards. After
an exchange of punts Olympic got the ball
in Stantord's territory and bucked it
down the field, L/evy carrying it over for
a touchdown.
Murphy kicked off and the ball was re
turneu. Murphy getting it on Olympic's
thirty-five-yard line. Smith made fifteen,
around the end and Fisher four through
tackle. Murphy then tried for a field goal,
but the ball was blocked, McFadden fall
ing on it. Stanford tried the ends again,
but made no gain, and Murphy fell back
for another try at the goal. His drop
kick from the eighteen-yard line went
Bquarely over the bar for the second time
this season.
The Olympics made on« more touch
down in this half. They bucked the ball
to Stanford's twenty-yard line, lost It on
a fumble and then Sheehy got it on Stan
ford's fumble and scored, Cadwallader
kicking goal. The rest of the half Stan
ford kept the ball in the Olympic terri
tory. Fisher making one fine end run of
eighteen yards.
The second half was a short one, and
the Olympic? gained another touchdown
by bucking the line.
The score was Olympic 16. Stanford 5.
The line-up was as follows:
Olympic. Position. Stanford.
Monro« Center.. .Hayden & Oilman
Col ton R — Guard — L. ....John, Burnett
Cadwallader L — Guard — R e Forrest
She»hy R— Tackle — L, Bently
Erskine L— Tackle— R ...Houston, Dole
Hamilton R— End— L T. McFadden
Keller, Jehu L— End— R Parker
I^evy R— Half— L, ....Smith. Hough
Varney L— Half— R Fisher. Erb
Code Quarter Capt. Murphy
Atkinson Full C. McFadden
Officials— Umpire, Whlpple, U. C. : referee,
Fickert: linesmen. Jack Reynolds and Muma,
U. C. ; timekeeper. "Buck" Morse, U. C.
Touchdowns— Levy, Sheehy, Atkinson. Goal
from field — Murphy. Goal from touchdown —
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IENfFREnoTfi"
! A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
| is a home treatment and all men who
! puffer with any form of sexual weakness
: resulting from youthful folly, premature
j loss of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
| success in all cases. A request to the
! State Medical Institute, 328 Elektron
building. Ft. Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
i great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package, so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write wtihout delay.
1899— TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY.
November 27. at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
•EVENINGS. November 24 and 25, from 7 to 3
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of Saa
Francisco.
PPTTQWT?Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DilUOnJuO^ bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, c&nners,
djrera. flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factor! a*,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, «to.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
rBOTOOEArara ■« Raffia n ■ MA
/^-rri UITAI IC
iIT aSSur^t^- THE NEW
lstDajr. oaftxjsjfe, 4i©ll CDC |JA|j
tnr ioth Day. «i>-» sVL V till Uii 1 1
VITALIS 80thD * id- M DCIIFI.Y
ritOlUt THK ABOTI 3Cth Day. llt.nl aC V 111
RKSILTS. It quickly & sorely reroores Nervousness Lmm*. ItU
Dreams, Wasting Diseases 4 all effects of self -abuv> or Mi — W *
indiscretions. Restores Lost Vitality, Power ft Failing lU mory.
Wards oil Insanity and Consumption. Caret when alloiners fail.
Insist on having VITALIS, no other. Can be carried in Test
pocket. By mail $1.00 per package or six far »6.<N> with a
1"*;""'"'° torn or *«<>»<> the Jlo.ey. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET CURE CO., 884 Dearborn St.. Chie«*T»
Sold in San Francisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co.
[ DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL .s-n-r*
DISCOVERY
FOR THE ,-ii^s.
BLOOD.IJVER.LIJMGgL
I A PERMANENT CURE I
J i of the moat obstinate cases of GonorThcea <
? . and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 » © J i
c days ; no other treatment required. ( i
< Sold by all drngiii^s.QUAINT SKETCHES OF
SCOTTISH CHARACTER
]? OVERS of Bcottlsh character as
; expressed In the works of Sir
ji  3 Walter Scott, Robert Louis
Stevenson. Robert Burns. Lan
McLaren. S. R. Crockett, J. M. Rnrrfe
and others will have the opportunity
of lying a dramatic treat of more
than usual interest this week, when
Miss Katheririe K. Oliver, a celebrated
Impersonator of the various characters
portrayed J>y these authors, makes her
lirst appearance in this city. Miss
Oliver has consented to give a recital
at the First United Presbyterian
Church, corner of Golden Gate avenue
and Polk street, on Friday evening,
November I<V
This is Miss Oliver's sixth season as
an interpreter of Scotch and Irish
character. Since taking up the work
she hap visited many countries and
appeared before noted : pie. The
srecret of her success in the delineation
of Scotch life :md character is that she
is of tffott'h descent, .speaks the lan
guage to perfection; lias visited the
scenes depicted in the i productions
and hat; brought to the work the love,
genius, enthusiasm and untiring In
dustry of a masterful mind and sym
pathetic heart
In the latter part of 1897 Miss Oliver
appeared before President and Mrs.
McKlnley at the White House. She
has letters of commendation from
some of the most noted divines and
college presidents of the day.
OSCAR NAMED
AS ARBITRATOR
King of Norway to De
cide Samoan Claims.
Special DlKpStch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Nov. 7- !
Raving disposed of the question of the j
adjustment of claims arising out of the i
bombardment of Mataafan rebels in I
Samoa; the three governments signatory !
to the Berlin treaty are now devoting
their attention to the proposition to par
tition the islands. The claims treaty was
Htmed at the State Department to-day by
Seen tary Hay on the part of the United
States; Reginald Tower. British Charge
d'Affaires; on the pan of Great Britain
and Minister [urnm Yon Schwarzenstein
on the part of Gei many. King Oscar is
selected as arbitrator. An Important
urtlcle of the treaty ■-.:■■- that the .
arbitrator shall consider the facts lead- .
ing up to the bombardment, and If ho j
should det^rniine that the bombardment .
was unjustifiable, then he shall award
damages against the nations. Great
Britain and the United States, wh >se
men-of-war shelled the native villages.
The treaty is so worded that it is open to i
the interpretation that the award shall :
be n-.ade, if the bombardment were justi- .
fied by the existing conditions and the
facts leading up therto, against th*» power :
whose representatives brought about the
conditions which necessitated the use of
force; and in this event Germany will j
have to pay the score.
Th" authorities are satisfied that the
arbitrator will find that the bombardment
was justified. In which event Germany '
will settle the claims. It is understood
the claims which the arbitrator will con- |
sider are limited to those made by citizens
or subjects of the three nation?, and the ;
natives will not be Indemnified for any
losses- they may have sustained.
It was stated at the State Department
just before the close of office hours this
afternoon that no agreement had been !
reached in the matter of the partition of
Samoa. As has been hitherto explained, •
the United States is to have Tutuila Isl
and and something to boot, and Great
Britain and Germany are attempting to
settle between them just what disposition :
shall be made of the other islands of the
group and compensation made therefor.
The officials say that no credence can be
placed In the reports published In Ger
man papers because of their contradictory
character. The department is advised of i
various propositions which have been
made, and it is stated to-day thai Gr^at i
Britain undoubtedly will " remain in I
Samoa, and Germany will be the nation to
withdraw, receiving in exchange the isl
ands in the Gilbert and Solomon groups.
Progress is being made in these negotia- |
tions and an early settlement is now
looked for.
Returned From Cuba.
ST< i:K. Nov. 7.— The steamer
which arrived to-day from Cuba,
tneral Ludlow, Civil
■ Havana; Lieutenant B. G.
neral Lud-
Dr. Milton Rosneau of the Uni
• Marine Hospital service. The
with thirty-six other
he ! [avana, were ' r
Hoffman Ts i bservation.
will be release,] at noon on 'I
Valley Towns Organizing.
VIBALIA, Nov 7 A meeting of dele- !
wus of Importan
■■. 11l be held to- ;
ilia. The object is to or-
Eornia. It
• mated tl - will be
in can
rk there a diflfer-
Vlsalia and Fresno which
□ promised.
Application Shelved.
WOODLAND, Nov. 7.— The Board if Su
hi n-'i the petltli n of R.
• to construct ■
tah < Ireek < lanyon to
the ! River. The
I • ■!• for bids until
has made an exam
tlon and .'ill th
with.
Mines Close Down.
■T\ BARBARA, Nov. 7 The Alca
roleum Company.
!. operating two large as
■ . . ■, : ■ on eltl er side of this
■'. down, and over a hundred
en thrown out of work. The
will ■••Hi rate Its forces at
line, in 'he northern end of
Utica Mill Reopens.
AN : 7 The tJtlca Mill
fter being
The other mines
and m oon as *epaii
POSTUM CEREAL.
NEVER DREAMED
That Coffee Caused the Trouble.
"How to stop the use of coffee was a
question.
"The doctor told me I had a coffee
liver.
"I knew I was a wreck, physically
and nervously, but I never dreamed
that coffee was ( the cause of the trou-
ble. ! could not drink milk, and tea
was as bad for me as coffee.
"Hot water was nauseating-. I there-
fore turned to Postum Food Coffee, got
v. package and made it according to
directions and found it just the thing I
needed.
"Husband had no faith in it, so I
made coffee for him and Postum for
myself. For three years 1 used Pos-
tum and the change it has wrought Is
wonderful.
"Instead of being thin, sallow, nerv-
ous, weak and miserable, I am plump,
with clear complexion, pink cheeks, and i
i '-em to have the endurance and vital-
ity of a young woman of 20, although
1 am twice that age. Husband, after
*" ""-ing the change Postum has made
flnallly asked me not to make coffee for
nlm, any more, as he preferred Postum. j
[t has been a godsend to our family "
■ryra J. Tuller. 1023 Troost avenue
:ty, Mo.
MISS KATHERINE OLIVER.
(Completed. The Utica electric plant will
furnish power for its mills and will also
furnish ights to the Standard Electric
Company until their works are rebuilt.
May Run to Cape Nome.
ASTORIA, Or, Nov. 7.— ln connection
with the sale of the steamer Oregon by
Oregon Railroad and Navigation
any, it is reported here that the
company will put the Columbia and State
Ma. now plying between As
toria and San Francisco, on the run to
Cape Nome, The report cannot be veri
fied.
Franchise Granted.
MARTSVILJLE, Nov. 7.— The Board of
Supervisors of Yuba County received bids
to-day on an electric franchise. The
Tuba Electric Power Company and the
B'ltte County Electric Power and Light
Company submitted figures. The first
named secured the franchise, having the
highest bid.
Soldier Killed in Havana.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7. — General
Brooke at Havana has reported to the
adjutant general the death of Private
Thomas S. Smith of Company A. Fif
h Infantry, who was killed by a po
•.n on the 6th inst. while resisting
arrest.
Unknown Body Found.
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. 7.- The body of
a young mai. about 2e years of age. whose
identity is unknown, was brought here
fmm Spadra. near Colton. The
body was found beside the railroad and
had been cut In twr P by a freight train.
♦
Twelve Socialists Elected.
BKRLIN. Nov. 7.— The municipal elec
tion he'd here yesterday resulted In the
election of twelve Socialists and six lib
erals to the Common Council.
«,
Burglars Steal Postage Stamps.
I)E KAI.B. 111.. Nov. 7.— The safe and
vault of the De Kalh Postoffice was blown
open with dynamite last night and about
%?,Wk) taken, chiefly In postage stanv ;.
END OF SIBERIA
EXILE SYSTEM
j / I \ IIP.EE hundred and eight years
I have elapsed since the first yean
have elap9ed «lnce the first di
3 cf banishment to Siberia was pro-
I nnunred. relates the New York Sun.
"*■. In that time 1,600,000 persons have
'■ been' sent on the lone: road, many .if them
j hardened criminals, others outcasts or
-do- wells, often more unfortunate
I than criminals, and still many others the
; victims of their religious or political opin
ions. Dissenters from tiie orthodox faith,
: the advocates of a constitution for the
state and cranks have been mingled by
the scores of thousands with those whose
oftenses against society deserved the se
verest punishment. All marched In the
common chain gang;* over the bleak route
that became a two years' journey by the
time Russia reached The eastern ocean.
The first arrivals after an advance of the
frontier were gangs of convicts. If one
asks where the Siberian exiles have been
| chiefly kept the answer is: "Anywhere
in that vast domain where Russian sol
diers have carried their flag-." Whether
sent away for their country's good or th,
victims of their Government's Injustice
the exiles have marked by their presence
every successive stage of Russia ad
vance to the Amur.
The present Czar has decided to close
1 this long chapter of Siberia's history as
a penal Colony. lie shares the opinion
which his father and grandfather held
: that this degrading use should no longer
; be made of a vast and splendid territory
There i? plenty of honest labor now with
which to build the roads and fortresses,
work the mines and till the Government
lands, services for which the compulsory
j labor of chain gangs has !• i a employed.
! When Russia is Inviting millions of "her
j subjects to spread over Siberia and make
the wilderness teem and blossom she can
scarcely continue to send among them the
refuse of the western quarter of the cm
i i>ire. The tram] class, composed chiefly
| of escaped convicts, have already treated
some of the new settlements to very tin
pleasant experiences. Russia is on the
j point of relieving Siberia from the odium
] of being a penal colony, just as long ago
I sip- reliwed the Government of Perm and
| Orenburg from it and as England relieved
Australia.
The progress of Siberia, due to the
great railroads now two-thirds completed,
| the Improvement of river navigation, the
opening of large areas to farming and
i mining enterprises and the influx of hun-
I dreds of thousands of settlers has
j brought about a new era. The popula
i tinu this year is over 5.000,000. and 600,000
| emigrants have poured Into the country
since the beginning of 1896, Bo large a
, transference of settlers from one part to
i another of the same country has never
been witnessed before In so short a time
These pioneers are Russian peasants, and
many of them have been assisted by the
Government to remove to virgin • lands
where they may secure larger farms.
They arc beginning to develop the vast
resources of the country. Last year there
was more wheat for export than found
transportation, though economists do not
count upon Siberia as a world's wheat
producer, believing that as the country
tills the wheat-growing area will be
! fully taxed to supply the home demand
Industries are keeping pace with agri
culture. They axe making and refining
sugar at Semlpolatlnsk. they are turning
- out Dig iron near the Iron mines and in
the Tomsk Government in IS9B about 13,000
men were employed In a large m rob of
establishments manufacturing thirty-nine
kinds of commodities.
The Czar's commission to devise a plan
to replace the transportation of criminals
to Siberia by Other punishments held its
iirst meeting on June 21. The details of
the proposed change require much at
tention. For some time the foot journey
of the convict bands has been greatly
shortened by the railroad. The time
sof-ms near when the journey will not be
made at all.
Curing Tobacco.
Whrn tin- leaves of the tobacco plant
Bre nature and ready for harvest they
athered and first laid on the ground
to Wilt— that is. to wither and lose their
brittieness. This done, they an- collected
into bundles and packed, top upward.
into moderate Bized heaps to sweat. Mat
ting is placed over the neaps and a grad
ual rise ■'( temperature begins. The in
crease in temperature Is due to certain
processes which are taking place within
tlic leaves, whereby, as the leaves die,
their more complex contents become
broken down into simpler ones, with' an
evolution of beat and water. The water
thus j;l\en off is in vapor form, but It
condenses again on the cooler matting]
covering, and It is the presence of this
water which gives rise to the Idea of the
neaps "sweating." Care antl attention
arc needed at this time to prevent over
heatinar, for did the temperature rise un
i duly there would be darkening of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDKESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1809.
leaves and injurious drying. When the ■
"sweating" is completed the leaves are j
dried, either slowly or by simple exposure
to currents of air, or rapidly by artificial
heat. Moldinesa and consequent rotting
must be guarded against, and then, if all
the conditions arc- favorable, in six or
eight weeks the leaves will have turned
a bright warm brown color, though to- j
bacco at this stage lacks aroma and fla
vor. The chief result of this process has* '
bet en to effect a farther alteration In the
tinstltuenta of the tissues of the leaves.
*M r it is completed moist air is again
brought into play to soften the leaves and ;
render them pliant, and it is not until then \
that they are ready for the great process !
of fermentation, in which, it is now as
serted, the bacteria play so crucial a part.
Fermentation has always been looked
upon as a very Important stage in the '
preparation of tobacco, but, if bacteriolo
gists are right, even greater stress must
be laid upon it, for it Is the keystone of ,
the whole and of paramount Importance.
As n preliminary to it, the brown leaves
are sorted and made tip into hands, or i
small bundles, containing perhaps from
■ix to ten leaves apiece. All these sepa
rate bundles are collected and piled up <
Into great heaps or solid stacks— a stack
contain Ing sometimes as much as fifty
tons of tobacco. Directly the stnek^
completed fermentation begins, encour
aged by the warmth and moisture within.
and now too begins the production of
aroma and flavor. And this is the work
of the bacteria which Inhabit these heaps. ,
for it la conclusively shown that these
Stacks nre the homes and breeding places
of myriads of bacteria— ln fact, a com
plete flora of fungus life is to be found
within them, for side by side with the
bacteria are members from many other
parts of the great group of fungi of which .
the microbe life Is only a small section— !
Contemporary Review.
Wise's Ready Wit Saved the Widow.
There was an auction sale In the little
house, and one after another the widow's
few possessions fell beneath the hammer.
Presently the auctioneer took up a largo
bowl which happened to be full of sugar,
and the poor woman, anxious to save Its
contents, hastened to the next room to
find something in which to put them.
Just as she returned the auctioneer
cried, "Sold!" and the purchaser Insisted
that the BUgar was his. The widow
I tor the little that was much to
her, but the man was obdurate, and mur
murs of Indignation arose from the crowd.
Angry at this demonstration, the man
turned, and his eye rested on Henry A.
C?ise.
"Mr. Wise," said he. "you are a lawyer.
Am I rieht or not? If you say I am not.
I will Rive hack the sugar. If you sa>" 1
am, I am entitled to it, and I'll keep ft."
"My friend,' 1 replied Wise, In his gen
tlest tone, "you put a delicate and un
pleasani r< Bponslbllity on me. Hadn't you
better decide the matter fur yourself?"
"No," replied the fellow, curtly. "1
know what your opinion Is going to be.
; nd 1 want you to give it so that this
whole crowd e,-in hear it."
"Tlun," said Wise, "I advise you th;it
ugai Is yours. The widow cannot
take it from you. She has no redress."
"Aha!" cried tho man, turning to the
spectators. "What did I tell you?"
"Stop!" thundered Wise, whose manner
at once changed. "I've advised you at
your persistent request, as I can prove by
people. It remains for me to teil
you that I charge you $5 for my advi • .
and I demand immediate payment. If
you trif!> with me in the matter of pay
ment, you will most certainly regret it."
The man turned scarlet, and. tumbling
in his wallet, produced a $.* bill. The
crowd yelled its approval, but sudden. y
became silent as Mr. Wise walked up to
!o\v :ird said:
"This money is mine. T have earned It
itly. Take It ami buy more sugar
for your fatherless children."— Youth's
Companion.
A Political Philosopher
From the Washington Star.
"It's all ripht." said the man from Ken
tucky, as he heaved a sigh of relief. "I
was a little worried at first. But it's all
right '
"I see that the shooting has quietei
down considerably."
"The shooting? Oh, yes. There's bound
to be a little of that."
"It wasti't the shooting that was caus
ing you uneasiness?"
■'No. That's merely a personal matter
between gi ntlemen. You can't figure on
it as having much effect, if any. on an
election. But I was sorry to bear all this
Inharmoniousness among the
Democrats Lt doesn't seem like they're
splitting up a great deal. Hut I'm recon
ciled. Let em hoist their banners and
bring on their candidates. If one m;.n
ain't satisfactory to all of 'em let the
kickers get another. The more the
merrier."
"I don't M»i' (1 understand your phi!"s.j
phy."
•'There can't be too much of a good
thing."
"Perhaps not."
"Well, young man, there ain't anything
better than a Democratic ticket, so let's
go ahead and have as many of hem as
we can get."
"But when it comes to voting?"
"I'm a faii-mlnded man, and I've got as
good a hoss ns Kentucky ever raised. It
may take some tin)- 1 getting iron: place
to place, bui I'm going to do my level
best not to show any partiality.
Another Protest.
"I used to have a great many theories!
about the way affairs micht to be con-l
ducted," said the young man from Kan-I
bum. I
"There is no denying It.'* I
"Well, I give up. I don't pro so far as torn
say monopolies cannot bos regulated or|
suppressed. But I unhesitatingly confess \
that I don't Know how it's to be done."
"You had any number of schemes." {
"Yes. That was before I realized what
an insidious and pervasive Institution a !
monopoly is. There is no use trying to
escape the terrible influence. One man
may break into a Utopia and by his heart
less trickery upset the entire plan. lam
proud of my State, but I must say one of
the meanest men I ever met lived in I
Kansas."
"Politician?* 1
"No, sir. He minp-les amonar the guile
less and unsuspecting. Were you ever at
a husking bee?"
"Never/ 1
"Then you don't know the custom which
gives the man who find a r^nd ear the
right to kiss the prettiest girl. This man
gave a husking bee and ho sat up nights
with a lantern for days beforehand going
over th»- crop and peeling down the husks
to find red ears, When th<-> beo happened
he had all the capital in a corner and he
smiled sardonically whole the rest of us
toiled on hour after hour amid gathering 1
clisapoJntments«, in pursuit of a delusive
hope, while he was aparently having all
the luck. I tell you. sir. there is more
financiering ability In Kansas than you ;
c-er grave the State credit for.**—Washing
ton Siar.
Painfully Polite.
The people of Dresden are very polite,
; bo overpollte that they not Infrequently
bring clown ridicule upon themselves.
: It used to be told In that city that a
: stranger was one day crossing the great
I bridge that spans the Elbe and asked a
native to direct him to a ceitaln church
! which he wished to find.
"Really, my dear sir," said the Dres
dener. bowing! low, "I grieve greatly to
say It, but I cannot tell you."
The stranger passed on, a l:-tle sur-
I prised at this voluble answer to a simple
question. He had proceeded but a short
distance when he heard hurried footsteps
behind him. and. turning round, saw »he
same man running to catch up with him.
in a moment his pursuer was by his \
side, his hrenth nearly pone, but enough !
i left to ray hurriedly, "My dear air. you !
asked me how you could find the church,
and it pained me to have to Bay that T |
Have You Been Deceived?
)
When you wanted a bottle of ]
)
NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
>
Did your Druggist give you a cheap substitute, because he nvde a few cents I
more profit? v* Will you believe those " just as good "stories when you
know that "HUNYADI JAWS " is the only genuine Hunyadi Water?
ASK YOUR PHYSICIAN. ,
He will recommend it as other eminent physicians have for many years.
HANDSOME NEW BUILDING
FOR THE FERRY DISTRICT
WITHIN the last few months a large number of handsome buildings have
been erected in the district about Steuart and Market streets. The .at
est addition to their number will be erected by Henry P. Sonntag of the
real estate firm of Bovee, Toy & Sonntag.
The building, a three-story and basement structure, will be situated on the
west side of Steuart. between Market and Mission streets. It will occupy a
187:6 north of Mission street, ar.d will cover a lot 3i>:lo by 137:8. The cost
will be in the n< ighborhood of $Sti,OOC.
r i"!.e sandstone, of which only the front will be constructed, the side walls
being of red brick, will be bought from local quarries.
The ground and second floors ot the building will be devoted to stores and
offices, while the large lofts above will be used for wholesale storage rooms.
The style of architecture is a ltght Renaissance. The cornice, a de'-p frieze,
is BUrmoiMited by a graceful balustrade, which relieves the otherwise some
what severely plain front elevation.
Building operations will be commerced almost immediately, and it iB con
fidently expected that New fear's day will see the structure complete. Her
bert B. Macgs is the architect.
did not know. Just now I met my
brother, but I grieve to say that he did
not know either."
Grover Cleveland's Bible.
Upon Grover Cleveland* writing table
in the library at Princeton lies the old
fashioned Bible, with covers of black
enamel, which was given him by his
mother when he first went away from
home. At the top of the cover, in a little
space surrounded by an ornamen;al bor
der, is Inscribed in gilt the name "S. G.
Cleveland?/' and upon the fly leaf there
Is a line or two of writing in a neat, pre
cise feminine hand, from which we learn
that the book was a gift to "My Son.
Stephen Grover Cleveland, From His Lov
ing Mother."
Colonel Lainont says that lie first saw
this Bible on the table In Mr. Cleveland's
law office in Buffalo, and other friends
remembered having seen it there. When
Mayor Cleveland became Governor the
book was generally on the bureau of hi 3
bedroom. When the Governor was about
to become President, Colonel La-mont
found the little Bible in the President's
rooms at the Arlington, and. handing it
to Chief Justice Waits, Miked him to use
it when he swore the new Chief Magis
trate into office.
There were about 41.000 witnesses upon
the plaza in front of the Capitol when
Stephen Grover Cleveland pressed his
mother's grift to his lips, and before it
was returned to him, Mr. Middleton, tho
Clerk of the Supreme Court, entered' a
formal record on the last fly leaf that it
was used to administer the oath of office
to Grover Cleveland, President of tho
I'nited States, on March 4. Chicago
Record.
The Irrepressible Small Boy.
This is a true story, and It really hap
pened in a New York family. It looks as
if it might be an old story brought up to
date or renovated for the occasion, but
it is exactly as the small hoy arranged it
and not to die edification of his family.
'l h< small i>oy was very fond of ice
cream. It never cloyed his palate. It
was with tii" same delight thai he saw it
each time brought on the table, and upon
each of these tiroes lie showed the ex
uberance of his feelings by crying tn
rapturous tones: "Oh-o-o! Ice cream!
Ice cream! Ice cream!' much to his
mamma's annoyance.
"People will never think we have Ice
(ream or anything else to eat," she said
to her son one day. "Now, we are going
to have company to dinner to-night, and
1 don't want you to say a word when r lie
lie cream is brought on." The small boy
promised. He really was a good little
boy. and he intended to mind. But when
the cream was brought on the old feeling
of rapture was so strong that he forgut
entirely and cried out as usual. Then he
! remembered and stopped short, looking
very repentant. He nad not intended to
erTT out. and his mother was mortified,
lie changed his tone entirely.
"We have ice cream almost every
night," he remarked carelessly— New
York Times.
Famous Laughing Plant of Arabia.
The seeds of the laughing plant of Ara
bia produce the same effect upon persons
as laughing gas. The plant attains a
height of from two to four foot, with
woody stems, wide-spreading branches ami
bright green foliage. Its fruits are pro
duced in clusters and are of a yellow color.
The seed pods are soft and woolly In tex
ture and contain two or three black seeds
of the size of a Brazilian bean. Their
flavor is a little like opium, and their
taste is swcot; the odor from them pro
duces a sickening sensation and is slightly
offensive. The seeds, when pulverized and
taken in small quantities, have a peculiar
effect upon man. He begins to laugh
loudly, boisterously: then he sings, dances
and cuts all manner of fantastic capers
Such extravagance of gait and manners
was never produced by any other kind of
dosing. — Ladies' Home Journal.
Appreciated the Book.
A story Is told of a well-known whist
player who imagined himself an au
thoriry on the game. After boring his
friends with verbal comments, sugges
tions and advice upon the methods of
play, he at last wrote and published a
bonk. One copy was sent to a famous
player for his opinion about It. In about
a week the hook was returned to him
with the following letter:
"My Dear Sir; Your favor of the —
inst.. accompanied by your book, was
duly received. I have read It very care
fully. It seems to be a very good game,
but I don't think it is as good a game as
whist. Sincerely yours, ."—Exchange.
Her Th oughtf ulness.
"Beautiful, my rlear."
The elderly millionaire who had married
the famous beauty regarded the watch
(hnlringly.
"A very delightful birthday present," '
lie continued, beaming upon his fair
young wife. "So massive and yet In such
excellent ta^te."
"I am glad you like 14," she observed.
"It was po cheap, too. Just think, it cost
only fifteen dollars."
"Only fifteen dollars!" echoed the mill
ionaire, in astonishment. "Fifteen Jol
lars for this BoHd gold chain!"
"Oh. of oourse it Isn't solid gold." she!
Interposed. "You could never get a solid
gold chain for that price."
"What is It. then?"
■'Why, gold-filled, to be sure."
"l see, .~;ik1 the husband, stroking his ;
chin reflectively. "But why this sudden
Btreak of economy? Don't you think I
can afford a solid gold chain?"
'()f course you can," she assented.
"But this one Is guaranteed to last for
ten fears — and — and — and — "
"Well?" said the millionaire, inquiring
ly.
"Well, dear." she concluded after some
hesitation, "as that Is quite as long as
you are likely to live, I thought it would
be foolish extravagance to pay any
more."— Woman's Home Companion.
The Joke on the Jockey.
A well-known jockey relates mjith relish
the following little story, though the
laugh is decidedly against him. A few
years ago he was engaged to ride the
favorite In an important race. On the
way to the post he found himself canter
ing" alongside a rank outsider, the mount
of a Btaole boy who had only just com
menced riding.
"You'll have to be careful with that
brute, B." he remarked. "I've ridden
him before, and you'll never be able to
hold him."
B. thanked the crack for the hint and
said that he would "do his best."
Half way through the race the outsider
and another were in. front, with the
favorite close behind. Fancying that the
others were in difficulties, the rider of the
favorite shouted:
"Pull out, 8., nnd let me through! I've
got the race in Band."
The crack was mistaken, however.
Looking back, the stable boy replied with
a grin:
"I would, but I can't hold him:"
With which the novice let his horse
have his bend and shot away, the easiest
of winners, to t lie chagrin of the crai !..
who finished second.
A New Humboldt Story.
In a chapter of reminiscences of Yon
Bunsen anil his friends, in the October
Century, John Blgelow tells this anecdote
of Humboldt: "One day he was dhilng
with Mendelssohn, the banker, and. an
unusual thing for him. he was very silent.
His lies!, remarking it, observed to Hum
boldt that he was sure he must be ill.
'No,' said Humboldt. 'but I am in great
trouble. Only ten minutes before leaving
my apartments to come here I received
from my landlord a note informing me
that he had sold the house in which I re
side, and that I must move. I really can
not bear to move again.' Mendelssohn
gradually led Humboldt into conversation,
iluiing which be found time to write a
note and receive an answer to it. He then
took Humboldt aside and said: 'By this
note I learn that I am now the owner of
the house in which you reside. The con
d'tion. however, upon which I have be
come its possessor is that you continue to
occupy your apartment in it as long as
you live.' "
Is Immortal J. N. AliveP
All tlif way from Kansas City comes the
news of thf reappearance of the "Immor
tal J. X." an eccentric character known
td every railroad conductor from the At
lantic to the Pacific. Several months ago
it was reported that "J. N." was dead
but that Individual has again appeared to
prove, in the I inguage of Marak Twain
that the reports of his "taking off" were
greatly exaggerated. The "Immortal J.
N." ha? beer a prominent character since
the civil war. His mmd became addled
trying to solve the problems involved in
that great struggle and he has since been
a wanderer of the earth. One of his ec
cftntricitles is to go Into a newspaper of
fice ami will.' a column editorial about re
moving the pressure. Hi? efforts are never
printed, but this does not discourage the
"Immortal J. N T .." and perhays he will
submit another communication to the
same paper at th« time of his next visit.—
New York Tribune.
She Forgot Her Husband.
Every once In a while one hears of some
one who forgets who. he is. but there Is a
peculiar circumstance in connection with
one woman who was lost for a time and
finally found by her anxious friends living
a quirt, humble life In a small village. She
had forgotten all about her former life,
and, though they have succeeded in
making her recall nearly everything, they
cannot get i'.er to recognize her husband.
The fact that her domestic life hadn't
been any too happy may have something
to do with it. It's ever so much simpler
than getting a divorce, to just "forget it."
New York Evening Sun.
It 1b a pleasure to he shaved and take a re
freshing butli at Valvn'n shaving parlors, 528
Broudwu} ; jnvate entrance to buths. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
DESK STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
11. GOOD LETTERS AND HOW TO ]
WRITE THEM.
A good letter is one which has goodness
in it. It is the easiest kind to write, that
is for some people— pood people. It isn t
a question of spelling or of grammar or
of superior stationery, but one of heart
and spirit. You cannot fool people in a
letter any more than in your conversa
tion. A good letter must h.ave harmony j
and melody and sweetness. It must have
a genuine ring. It must exhibit the per
sonality of the writer. It may be r—
ißrved or dignified or jocular or friendly,
according to the relations between the
writer and the person addressed, but it
must be honest ami kind. To produce an
all-around good letter the following ten .
things are needed:
1. A good, honest, kindly heart.
2. A correspondent worth writing to.
3. An abundance of good news.
4. An easy style of expression.
5. A knowledge of the relation of words.
6. Good paper, ink and pen.
7. The ability to write neatly.
8. The ability to spell correctly.
9. A convenient and undisturbed time.
10. Things that tit comfortably.
These are all easy except the spelling.
You cannot write a happy letter unless
you feel happy. Your temperament will
D« almost as evident in your correspond
ence as in your conversation— not noces- |
sarily In the words you use, hut in a cer
tain Intuitive impression which your let
tor is sure to create. This fact is not
easy of explanation, but it is nevertheless
true. If seasons of unhappiness are al
lowed free course they are sure to taint
your correspondence, and perhaps your
friendships. Be frank, outspoken, honest
in your letters, as in your conversation.
There must be no vacillating of purpose.
If you have anything to say which ought
to be said, say it, but say it kindly. If
honesty costs friendships, better lose the
friendships than be dishonest. Put your
own individuality into your letters. Let
the letter be your letter, a mirror of your
self. It is comforting to recognize our
friends even in their correspondence.
Select a correspondent who is worth
writing to. Of course it is possible to
write good letters to bad people, and per
haps it is they who need good letters
most; but when we are obliged to write
to undeserving people we do it more as
a matter of duty. We are not known by
the friends we decline to keep, but rather
by the friends we keep. If their person
ality and character are stronger than ours
they help us to measure up. The corre
spondence is to our advantage. We
gather inspiration and encouragement
from thoir lives. In making your list of
correspondents don't forget the old, neg
lected friends— the old uncle or aunt, or
the old friend of your father or of your
mother, who in the bustle and turmoil
of life is forgotten for months at a time.
IV. n't forget the schoolgirl chum of your
earlier years, who has perhaps been less
fortunate than you. In short, don't be
selfish.
If you have no good news to communi
cate, of course you cajinot easily incorpor
ate any In your letter, but there is a
happy way of making good news out of
little" nnd" discouraging things. If your
letter is simply a reply to one which has
been on your desk t<t weeks and which
you have procrastinated about many
titmee, you will probably approach the
task in the attitude of one who is about
to pay a worrying bill. Such letters are
about as heartless and speeches? as are
calling cards handed to liveried doorkeep
ers They square accounts, that is all.
A business letter or a letter containing
SHOP AND TRADE STUDIES FOR BOYS.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
I. ARITHMETIC 0? THE WORK
SHOP.
Lesson No. 4.
We ?hall take up for our fourth lesson
the measurement of solids. We have al
ready learned how to find the number of
cubic inches or the number of board feet
in a piece of lumber. If the solid Is of
uniform thickness we find the area of one
end and multiply this by the thickness,
using of course, the same unit of meas
urement. The triangular solid is meas
ured by finding the area in inches of the
end A B C and multiplying this by the
length AD. The rectangular solid is
■ measured by finding the area of the rec-
solid contents of circular solids. If we
know the area of the circular end and
multiply this by the length we have the
solid measurement. Note the following:
exerci.-'' 8 !
1. If a cubic foot of ice weighs 992 ounces
find the weight in tons (2000 pounds) of a
rectangular block of ice 20 feet by 30 feet
and 5 feet thick.
2. A block of mnrble used for a step is 6
I feet long. The end measurements are us
follows: A B and D E each :8 inches;
B D and E F each 12 Inches. Find the
value of the marble at $1 20 a cubic foot.
3. A building is to be of the same shape
shown in the diagram. C D is 100 feet; A
C is 3G feet; E F is 12 feet; F G is 2$ f .eet.
Find the cost of excavating to .he deptfi
of 12 feet at 30 cents a cubic yard.
I 4. A stick of timber of trlanciil'x shane
business inquiries require? a prompt an
swer, but friendship letters should not
be based upon the same mathematical
equation. Write because you want to
write, -nfft because you have a letter to
answer. Fill your letter with the bright
ness and ehper of your own life. If it
crosses a letter from your correspondent,
so much the better; 'there will be two
people agreeably surprised. "Be of good
cheer" is a much more encouraging greet
ing than "How do you do?"
Don't omit Baying kind things for fear
of mnkins mistakes in grammar.* The
grammar is of trifling account compared
with the thought and spirit. So much
the better if you can use correct English
and appropriate words, but Just so sure
as you attempt a literary style or "work
at it" lust so sure will your letter be a
miserable failure. The more you write
the better you will be able to write.
Avoid the stilted stiffness which is so
common between the ages of girlhood and
womanhood. Children and old people al
waya write excellent letters. They need
no cautions or directions. Use capital
letters where necessary, punctuate once
in a while and avoid the- common errors
of speech which are likely to grate on
the nerves, but don't stop to analyze and
parse your sentences. Go right ahead, as
In your conversation, giving "good mea
sure, pressed down, shaken together and
running over."
The paper should be white, or, if tinted,
it should be of a very light shade. The
ordinary four-page note Ts the most con
venient and most commonly used size.
Avoid odd and unusual shapes. Learn to
write upon unruled paper. Very little
practlep will enable you to keep your
lines straight and regular. Good paper
is not expensive. You cannot possibly
make a letter look well on a leaf torn
out of an old account bunk.
Use black or blue-biack ink. Thick, oily
ink and a scratchy pen are not accompa
niments of good humor. The penmanship
should be characteristic of yourself. It
makes no difference whether It is vertical
ot slanting, large or small, heavy or light,
so long as it is easily rear] and looks well.
Even bad writing if in straight and regu
lar linos may present a fairly respectable
appearance. The best results are produce J
with a stub pen and a bold hand. Don't
"cross-hatch" your letter. It makes an
noying reading. It is not quite as stingy
looking as to write social news on a postal
card, but there isn't much difference. The
principle, or lack of it, is the same. The
friendship which is weighed between a
postal and a 2-cPnt stamp is certainly
"weighed In the balance."
Do your best with the spelling. It Is a
department of education which cannot be
rushed. If you are a prior speller you will
have very embarrassing moments and
very little sympathy. Keep a small aic
tionary by; there is no safer rule. But
don't leave any good thing out of your
letter simply because you cannot spell it.
Choose a convenient time. You cannot
write your best if you feel all the while
that you ought to be doing something
else, any more than a lady can tafk her
best to the afternoon caller when she
knows all the while that the dessert for
dinner is boiling over. It isn't necessary
to dress specially for the exercise, and
you will write better if your room and
your desk and yourself are in a fairly
tidy condition.
Be sure that you have things to fit. If
there is any one thing which looks worse
than another It is a No. 9 lef.er when It
has been taken out of a No. 3-{; envelope.
Note. — The first paper of "Reading
Courses and a Girl's LUworv" will be pre
sented next week.
is 36 feet long. The end Is of the sha, 9
shown in the diagram. B C is 24 inches
and A D !s IS inches. Find the value of
the stick at $20 per 1000 board feet.
5. A stone is quarried in the shape of a
triangle, with base 12 feet and perpen
dicular heig-ht 10 feet 6 inches. It is 40
inches ihick. Find the weight in tons
(2000 lbe.) if a cubic foot weighs -50 lbs.
6. A pine log Is 40 inches in diameter
(A B) and 63 feet long-. Find the value
gross measurement at $15 per 1000 board
feet.
To find the area of a circular pillar find
the circumference and multiply this by
the length. Take a square piece of paper
and roll it In the form of a cylinder as
shown in the figure. Tt will bp seen that
the outside surface of the cylinder is of
the same area as the paper when it is fiat.
7. Find the cost of gilding 12 pillars each
21 feet high and 14 inches in diameter, at
SO cents per square foot.
8. Find the cost of painting- the outside
of a circular water tower 21 feet in diam
eter and 30 feet high at 18 cents a squar»
yard. •
9. A metal pipe 7 inches *Mck has an in
side diameter (A B) of 2S inches It is 18
feet long. Find its weight in tons (2000
lbs.) if a cubic foot of the metal weighs
450 pounds. 6
10. How many euMc foot of marble in
a column 35 feet high and 2 feet 6 inches
in diameter?
Hints and Answers.
Lesson Xo. 4— (1) &3 tons. (2) $32 40. Mul
tiply the area of the end in square feet
by the length and this product by the
price. (3) $435 20. (4) $12 96. Find the area
of the end in feet and multiply this by
the length in inches to get bo"ard feet
or find the total number of cubic inches
in the stick and divide by 144 to get boa-d
feet. (5) 15% tons. (6) $99. (7) $277 20
(8) $39 00. (9) 21.6<> tons. To find the area
of a circular ring multiply the sum of
the radii of the circles by the difference
and multiply this by 3 1-7. The area of
the ring is found to be 770 square Inches
The area can be found also by subtracting
the area of one cfrcle from the area of
the other. (10) 171% cubic feet.
Courses of Instruction.
Autumn-Winter Term, 1599-1900.
Mondays and Thursdays: Popular
Studies in Shakespeare. Tuesdays: The
World's Great Artists. Wednesdays: Desk
Studies for Girls and Shop and Trade
Studies for Boys. Fridays: Great Ameri
can Statesmen. Saturdays: Home Science
and Household Economy. These courses
will continue until February 15, 1900. Ex
aminations will be held at their close aa %
basis for the granting of certificates.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
■ ..•• I financial quotations unchanged.
stronger symptoms all over the world,
ey quiet here, but selling well in the country.
■ >ats strons with a fair demand. Rye rules Hrvi.
■ om dull at unclianged prices.
• md slow under free receipts. Feedstuff s unchanged.
■:in an a* ■ several descriptions.
■■ and I 'egetables quiet and featureless.
and Cheese unchanged.
ry steadier, with I es for several kinds.
lame in moderate receipt and good demand.
r ewer. Other fruits stand the same.
>d Fruits and Nuts slwzv better prices.
rins and Honey firm,
further rut in Provisions.
- and Wool active and firm. Tallow co
< continue slow and easy.
mges in the Meat market.
•jiously quoted.
■i ->y firm.
Charters
Tha Honolulu loa^s lumber on the Columbia j
River for Shanghai, 53a 9d; James Xesraith, i
lumber at Port ISlakeley for Delagoa Bay. fit* J
3,j_i],tton of Cape Town, 62s 6d; Lillebonne. i
lumber at Gray? Harbor for Honolulu; Metha
Kelson, lumber at Taeoma for KlheL
Dried Fruit in New York.
The Xew York Commercial oays:
"The firmness previously reported continues,
T>ut demand 1» not fj urgent as It has been. j
Buyers have apparently satisfied their wants
for the time, and there la no' buying of tan
portance for the future just at present. Not
withstanding this, however, there Is a steady
movement Into consumptive channels at full
previous prices, and holders are firm in their •
views, refusing to make concessions even to
move considerable lots.
"Prunes appear to have regained some of '
their lest ground, nnd only now and then will j
a holder concede anything for the sake of get- ,
tins rid of his goods. The principal dullness j
is noted in large sizes, which are in heavy sup
ply ami difijcult to move at full figures Four j
tize? are held at a slight premium for small ;
lots, but large lots would probably go at about
present quotations.
"Raisins are featureless. There is a steady
trade ar.J prices; tend upward, though no quot
able change Is likely under present circum
stances. California loose Muscatels are the
only ones moving in any Quantity, and every
thing goes immediately into consumption. For
eign ralshis are quiet and trade is limited to
.:ai;vt-ly Small orders.
"Reaches re quiet and un?han?re«i, with
trade confined principally to small lots. Stocks
are more firmly held in all positions, but no
quotable ohange in price is noted. The ten
dency is upward, however, and any improve
ment in demand will force prices still higher.
"Apricots s«ill In only a small way at full
prices. .Tiibbers are reluctant to let any of their
holJings go.
"Flrs are slightly easier under enlarged »up
plies."
The Cdip2t Trade.
In the current i«sue at the American Carpet
and Upholstery Journal of Philadelphia tha
statement is made that the new line of '%,
Koods tor spring wholesale trade will not be
shown until about the lath of this month,
which is considerably later than for some years
past. The delay Is attributed to the heavy line
of business done during the past fall, which
has retarded siring preparations.
It Is believed that an advance of 5 cents a
yard en all the liner grades of carpets will be
i.ecessaxlly demanded and that at l«ai 2'--i
cents a yard on ingrains will be added to the
present prices.
During October the leading manufacturers of
•uj.'h-ol?iery goods announced an advance of 10
per oent on cotton ■stiles, curtains, table
covers and eimllar products. Advances hay«
also been made In curtain poles, mattresses
and nearly every product connected with the
carpet and uphoLstery Industries.
Although there are a number of big lace cur
tain mills in America, it is a curious fact that
the only goods of this character shown at the
National Export Exposition in Philadelphia
ere from a f.'reign house.
Another advance was raada last month by the
linoleum and oilcloth manufacturers, which
van necessitated '■> the extreme high price of
burlap and other ingredients which go Into the
r.iak:ng of these lloor coverings.
As an indication of the general prosperity of
the carpet manufacturers, one firm in Phila
delphia added during the last month forty-one
more looms, bringing the total amount of
loonis in their plant up to over 200; all running
on various grades of ingrain carpets.
The recent decision of the Hoard of United
Etau-s General Appraisers ha* put a duty of
10 per cent on the sea moss which has been
largely imported into the States from Canada
and used for upholstering purposes.
A great many changes and improvements
tiave boen taking place in the various carpet
mills in Philadelphia, all of which indicate the
fact that the manufacturers are beginning to
make some money and are willing to expend
It again in every legitimate channel.
Weather Report.
120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN KUAN' IS. ■'), Nov. 7, 1839, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flute U3 compared -with those of same date laM
season and rainfall in past twenty-four hours:
Last 24 This I^ast
Stations — hours. season, season.
Eureka 0.08 7. 53 4.02
Rr-d Bluff 0.00 J.W 0.91
Sacrcmento 0.00 4.62 1.00
Pan Francisco 0.00 4.06 1.92
Fresno 0.00 2. 0S 1.15
gar 1 nil Oblspo 0.00 3.52 0.69
Independence ....... 0.00 0.87 0.31
Los Anarelee Q.iiO 1.57 0.18
Snn Diego 0.00 0.42 0.07
Yuma 0.00 0.08 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
04: minimum. 52; mean. 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST;
The pressure has fallen "slightly along the
California eooEt north of San Francisco. It
has risen alone the Oregon and WaahlnKton
coasts. There aj>p~ars to be an area of high
pressure moving In north of Vancouver Island.
TJie temperature has remained stationary near
ly over the entire country west of the Rocky
Mount Cloudy weather prevails over the
entire Pacific Sl"pe north of the Tehachapi,
and the movement of '.he clouds In Southern ,
California would Indicate a silent northerly
motion ol the low over Iyiwer California.
A maximum wind velocity of 3C miles per
hour from the south is reported from Fort
Canby.
. Forecast mate at San Francisco for 30 hours
endiru; mldriinht November S. 1539.
For Northern California— Cloudy Wednesday,
with occasional light rains In the morning
southerly. Changing to northerly winds
For South-rn California— Cloudy Wednesday;
light northerly winds. •
For Nevada- Fair \\ ndnrsday.
For Utah-Fair Wednesday.
For Arizona— Fair v li .■ -lay.
For Kan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy !
Wednesday; possibly Mpht showers In the early I
morning; southerly changing to northwesterly I
•winds. ALEXANDER O. McADIE,
Forecast Official. ;
EASTERN MARKETS
( hicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— Liverpool showed but .-i
sninll advance In view of yesterday's advance
in wheat here, -.1 th» opening was easy and
under last night. December opened at
6S 7 4c and May "2"j,<&.73c. The trade was very
duil owliib largely to the closing of many out
side markets on account of elections. Cover-
Ing by shorts In a small way acted as a sup
port to prices and December .advanced early
to CS^c. Tills was due, however, to proflt
taklne, the price receding to. CS*i r '; 6K'^c for
December and to 72% c lor May, holding for
(some time to these figures. The best support
of the day came from the Northwest. Min
neapolis offered an enticing premium for
choice wheat. December advanced to 68U©
CHlic and May to 72% c. influenced by the
Northwest cash strength and those were the
cloning prices.
Corn was firm on moderate amount of trad-
Ing. Shortß evinced a desire to cover their
December deliveries, but holders were not In
cllned to release the coveted option. The ef
fect of holidays in the East was shown In
the absence of shipping orders. December
dosed «i©Ho over yesterday, at Sl^o. May
closed at 32% c bid.
Oats were dull and held steady with corn.
December closed at 22%@22%c. May closed at
84 Vie-
Trading in provisions was practically feature
less. The market early derived strength from
hogs, which were up 5 cents. But the Blight
advanoe was lost before the close and Janu
ary pork closed unchanged, January lard a
shade lower and January ribs a shade higher.
Thet leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. S—
DrJcember 68% 69»4 65% .; .1^
May '2% 73Vs 72% 73 V*
Corn No. 2—
December 3IH 31% 31H 31%
January J0 7 i 31% 30* i 31
May 32% 33 32% 82*4
Oats No. 2—
December 224 22% 224 2234
May 2414, 24H 23" 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 526 825 8 224 8 22U
January 9 77%4 955 975 9 774
May 9 824 9 524 9 »24 9 824
Lard, per K'O lbs—
Dooembor 5 10 5 10 5 05 5 074
January 5 27V. 5 274 525 5 274
May 5 424 5 424 540 5 424
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
I>comber 4 9*4 4 924 4 9*4 4 924
January 4 9T& 500 4 974 4 974
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour easy;
No. 3 spring wheat. 64t?65MiC; No. " red, 69(5i
70c: No. 2 corn, 314@32c; No. 2 oats, 23UI&'
23^0: No. 2 white, 26\ic; No. 3 white, 24%
S>2Gc: No. 2 rye. 52c; No. 2 barley, 36®44c; No.
1 flaxi-eed. $1 29; new, $' 254; prime timothy
ee?d, $292 26; mess pork, per bbl, $7 75(^8 25;
lard. r>er 100 lbs, $5 1096 20; short ribs sides
Oocse). $4 sr>ss 25; dry Baited shoulders
(boxed). $5 32 1 -ST> 50; short clear Bides (boxed),
$5 20-fa 25; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 234-
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27.000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 138,000 9,000
Corn, bushels 355.000 234,
Oats, bushels 326,000 135.000
Rye. bushels 3.000 3.000
Barley, bushels 149.000 20.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creamery, 15@24c; dairy, 14
21( ; Cneaee, weak, 11%912^c; Eggs, firm, fresh,
ISc
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 11 « 4 6 4
Closing 5 11Y< 6 14 6 %
PARIS.
Wheat Nov. Mar.-June
Opening 17 95 19 00
Closing 17 90 19 10
Flour-
Opening 24 15 25 50
Closing 24 15 25 50
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov. 7. — The demand for wool for
this week continues heavy and the sales ex
ceed anything that has been seen In this mar
ket. The large business has given the market
a strong tone and some sales are being made
at better prices. Territory wool continues in
the lead and prices range from 62 to 55 cents,
scoured, for fine medium and fine. Staple lots
call for 56 to GO cents. Fleece wools have done
a good business, while Australian wools sold
for 40 to 424 cents. Quotations:
Unwashed medium, etc., Missouri quarter
blood combing, 22<523c: three-eighths blood.
235f24c; braid combing, 19920 c Territory wools
—Montana and Dakota, fine medium and fine,
18'g20c; scoured, f.3^55c; staple. GB'uo9c; Utah,
Wyoming, fine medium and fine, lS®l9c;
scoured, 525'54c; staple, 56958 c; Idaho, fine me
dium and fine, 17@lSc; scoured, 52 f 554c. Aus
tralian — spot prices, combing, super
fine, 80SS2c; good. Twist":; average, 75<g77c
California Fruit Sales.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day at auction, realizing the following
prices :
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— Grap«s— single
crates, $1 20 to $1 75, average $1 40; Muscat. 650
to $1 45. average $1 14; Morocco, 95c to $1 20,
average $1 06; Tokays, 70<* to $1 50, average
M 07; Red Emperor, $1 30 to $1 75, average $1 4S;
Malaga, 66c to $1 10, average S3c; Emperor
Clusters. $2 60. Three cars sold to-day. Favor
able weather.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— CATTLE— natives.
strong; others, steady; Westerns and Texans
strong- to 10c higher. Good cows and heifers
active. Canners fair demand. Stockers and
feeders steady; calves, 20i360c lower. Good to
i fancy cattle. $5 75@6 75; common to medium.
$4 8096 60; cows, heifers and bulls. $1 75#5;
Western rangers, $4 10<g;5 10; Texans grass.
$3 9504 174; fed Texans, $4 40(g4 85; calves,
$4 75©5 60.
HOGS— and active. Fair to prime
1 hogß, $4 1094 30: heavy packer*. $3 E5<34 124;
mixed. $4^34 20; butchers, $4 1504 25; light
weights, $3 9694 20.
SHEEP— Market firm; lambs steady. Com
| mon to choice. $3 25^:4 50; Western rangers.
$3 Eof? 4 IS; prime lambs. $S®£ 60: prime native
I yearlings $4 40®4 75: range lambs $4 60^5 50.
i Receipts— 8000, including 400 Westerns
I and 1000 Texans; hogs. 29,000; sheep, 16,000.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Nov. -To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balances. $289,132,015; gold reserve,
$254,509,760.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, • Nov. Clearings. $415,951; bal
j ances, $75,174.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 7.— The Portland wheat
I market continues dull and heavy and the quo
; tations made by exporters are not loosening up
very much wheat. Fifty-four cents Is obtain
i able for Walla Walla, and valley wll occa
'. sionally bring a cent more.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Nov. 7.— Wheat dull; no
j demand; club. £BHc; blue stem, S6V4c
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— Consols 103 18-16; Silver.
Ml 3 :6d; French Rentes, lOOf m c . Wheat car
; goes oft coast, buyers Indifferent operators
cargoes on passage, buyers a. r .d Kellers apart :
English country markets, dull apart.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 7— 'whfat et.
I wheat in Paris, firm; flour In Parts, .teady'
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1H99.
French country markets, quiet; weather in
England, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 B-S21.
■ ■\, >BINO.
WHEAT— Steady; No. 2 red Western winter.
5s 104 d; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 4d. Fu
tures, firm; December. 5s 114 a; May. 6s "id.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed now and
old. 3s 4d. Futures, steady; December. 3s 6%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 674
Sterling Cables — 4 884
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Mexican Dollars 48 4*4
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 6*4
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— market on the
spot Is quiet at nominal rates. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
46 200, against 20,600 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 6079 tons, against 30,000; on
the way to this port, 198,500 tons, against 142.
--300
WHEAT— The Castle Rock takes for Cork
68 211 cUa. valued at $70,800; Port Patrick, for
Cork. 60,771 ctls, at $67,608.
Wheat was stronger again on call, but the
spot market was unaffected. -'■ '■»■'•-•. '■■■■"'•
Chicago was firmer. in sympathy with ad
: vances at Liverpool and Paris and there were
j Indications of an advance. Shorts were fair
buyers to fill, but there was no disposition, to
operate. The dosing of the Eastern markets
I on account of the elections caused a lighter
i trade. There was no confirmation of the re
ported Russo-Japanese clash.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling, $1 074@
i 1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— «ooo ctls.
$1 15.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 14%. De
j cember- 8000, $1 07%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 24.ooo ctls.
$11514; 18.000, $1154. December— iOOO, $118.
Afternoon Session— sales.
BARLEY— There Is no change to report, the
market being dull here, though there Is a ship
pin? demand in the country. Quotations are
steady.
Feed, 75085 c; Brewing and shipping grades,
90@95c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session- No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99 — 4000 ctls,
Ssc. May 2000. B3V4C
Afternoon Session — sales.
OATS— is in good shape, there being a
fair consumptive demand In addition to the
large Government order already alluded to.
Prices continue steady. White, $1 1091 30; Red,
] fl 074@l 174; Gray, $1 OT-. jl 17%; Black, 97Vic@
I $1 10.
Dullness still characterizes the mar
ket, and prices have not changed for some time.
Eastern large Yellow. $1 0691 074; White, $1 05
$1 074: mixed, $1 02%91 05 per ctl.
RYE— 974cffsl 024 per ctl. There is a fair
shipping demand at full figures.
BUCKWHEAT— There Is some on the market
at $1 9092 15 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40(3'3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4093 SO per barrel for ex
tra. $3 2a'(i3 40 for bakers, and $2 2i@3 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to. the trade: Graham
Flour, $S 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. {2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25©3 60; Buckwheat
Flour, $4g4 21 Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels), $6 0606 46; in sacks, $.". 85<36 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas, $5 per
100 lbs. •_
Hay and Feedstuff
Hay continues easy and heavy under liberal
arrivals, but there is no decline. Local deal
ers are still breaking into their country stocks
for dry Hay.
Feedstuffs are as before.
BRAN 117© 17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9-jj-20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS Rolled Barley, $ISSIS 50 per
•jn; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $28927; Jobbing,
J27 50^28 ; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Cornmeal,
$23 siV(j24 50; Cracked Corn, $24925; Mixed Feed,
$16 B0®17; Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $B@9 50 for common to good and
$10iil0 50 tor choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 50-giO;
Oat, $7^9 50; Barley, $598; Alfalfa, $597 50 per
ton: Compressed, $7 50&9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3O®42%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
■
Beans are steady but quiet, with an advance
In Reds and Pinks. Seeds show no change, the
market being quiet.
BEANS— Bayos, $2609360; small White, $2 85
<g2 95; large White. $2 3092 40: Pinks, $2 5092 66;
Reds, $3 6593 76; Blackeye, $4 30; Butters, $3;
Lima, $4 9096; Pea, $2 75® 3 ; Red Kidneys, $2 60
Q2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS Brown Mustard. B®34c; Yellow Mus
tard. 4fi44c; Flax, nominal; Canary, 14c per
In for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 24<&3c; Hemp, l 4 l Ac; Timothy,
4@4%C
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green. »1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes are rather weak than otherwise, the
demand being slow. Onions have not changed
for pome time. The Vegetable market remains
about the same.
POTATOES— Reds, 55*j65c; Burbanks,
45<5600 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $I@l 25; Ore
gon Bui hunks bSC« $1 10; Sweet Potatoes, 65@75c
for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— C01?75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— -Gre»V Peas, 3®50 per lb;
String Beans. 3<56c; Lima Beans. s<g6c;
Cabbage 35@40c; Tomatoes. 20Q>400; Egg Plant,
40050 c; Dried Okra, 124 c per lb; Garlic, 2@3c;
Gr^en Peppers, 60986 c per box; Carrots, 30<340c
per sack: Cucumbers. 40®50c; Marrowfat
Squash $S@lo per ton; Mushrooms. I&<g:l2c per
lb for choice and 4®Sc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
There Is a fair demand for heavy Hens and
fat Turkeys, but otherwise the market Is dull,
both for home and Eastern stock.
Game shows little chunge, one way or the
other All arrivals are sold and thus far this
season there has been no carried over stock of
any consequence.
POULTRY— Live. Turkeys. 13<®15e for Gob
blers and 13©15 c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 15®
16c; Dressed Turkeys. 16@-18c; Geese, per
pair, $1 6091 75; Goslings. $1 50@l 75; Ducks,
$4ijj-4 50 for old and $4 50®6 50 for young;
Hens $196; Young Roosters, $3 5004; Old
Roosters. $404 50; Fryers, 53 2.-,<;?3 50; Broilers.
$31?3 86 for large. $2 60@3 for small; Pigeons.
$1 25 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. S2-.J-2 25; Mallard. $4 50@S;
Canvaeback. ■ $699; Sprig. J4<3>s 50; Teal. $3®4 50;
Widgeon. $2 5098; Small Duck, $202 50; Doves,
75c per dozen; Hare, $1 25'ffl DO; Rabbits,
$1 75; Gray Geese, $3 5004 50; White, $1 25@1 75;
Brant. $2£*3; English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen;
Jack Snipe, $1 60. ' ' ;'"> v . i
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is no further decline in Butter, but the
market is depressed, with liberal supplies.
Ranch Eggs are scarce and steady. Dealers
say that some shippers in the country are be
ginning to mix cold storage Eggs In with ranch
In the attempt to palm the whole box oft as
ranch Eggs. This trick has been tried for
several years, but the commission merchants
are on the keen lookout for It, and the ship
per who resorts to this dodge hereafter will
simply have his ranch Eggs sold at cold stor
age prices, besides losing his reputation as a
slilpi'er.
Cheese stands the same.
BUTTER
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 25®2«c; sec
onds, 24c.
Dairy— Fancy. 24c; good to choice, 22@23c:
common. 21c.
.Pickled roll, 22'524c: firkin. 21<J224c; cream
ery tub. 22»5,@21c.
Eastern— l7olßc for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin: Oregon ladle, 17919 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice' mild new, 114 c; old. 1040
lie; Young America, 114 c; Eastern, 14@i5c.
EGGS-Quoted at IE 1 :■;:",■•• for store and 374®
Me per dozen for ranch: Eastern. 2S@SOc for
Bolected. 2Cjf(27' / 4c for No. 1 and 20@224c for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Oranges continue small, and quo
tntlons are rather weak than otherwise. Lem
one and Limes are unchanged.
> Pears are In light stock and firm, but there •
are plenty of Applet here. Grapes are alow
and nominal. Wine Grapes are rapidly be
coming a buck number.
Berries came In late and Buffered accordingly
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— "£
Apples, :■■;>'<<■ per box for common; 7109n
for good to choice and $1 2uQ\ BO for fancy
BERRIES-Blackberrles, per chest-
Strawberries, per chest for small and
$2!§3 for large berries; Raspberries, $5(&'6
per cheet; Huckleberries, s'H7c per lb; Wiscon
sin Cranberries. $6 50@7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries. $7 60WS 50; Coos Ray Cranberries,
(6 50 J > r barrel and $2(g'2 25 per box.
Persimmons, 7nc(ffsl 25 per box.
Grapes, 20'a4V per box; crates sell lCSlnc
higher; Wine fJrapes, $15'>j;20 per ton for all
kinds.
Pomegranates. 60975 c per small box.
Winter Pears, 60i B>sl SO per box.
Quinces, 60985 c per box.
CITRT'S FRflTS— Navel Oranges, $4©4 50 per
box; Seedlings, $3®3 60; Liemons, 75ciTSl 50 for
common and $2t?4 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $4. California Limes', -; Bananas, $29
3 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $192 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
Everything In Fruit Is firm except Prunes,
and prices show a general Improvement. Stocks
of all kinds are small as a rule.
Nuts are also stiff, and most kinds are quoted
' higher.
There Is a good demand for Honey at the
quotations.
Raisins rule firm.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4%c for
40-50's, 4V4c for 60-60'e. 3%c ror 60-7O 1 34c for
70-80's, 3c for 80-90*8 and 2%c for 90-100's; Apri
cots, ll«E?13c for Royals. 124@16c for Moor
parks and 12914 c for Blenheims: Peaches, 5©
r.uc for Standards, da€4c for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, 12H@15e; Evaporated
Apples, 7':7V-; Sun-dried. 595HC per lb; Nec
tarines, S^4@9c per lb for red; Pears. f.i-.'(i<:c for
quarters and 8910 c for halves; Black Figs, 39
34c: White Figs. 4@6c; Bleached Plums, S@3c;
Unbleached Plums, 7@7Uc for pitted and 14c
I for unpltteil.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb. 10c ; choice, 9c; standard, Be; prime, 6o; un
j bleached Thompson's, per lb, 60. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb. 84c; choice, 74c: standard. 6V4c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc; 2 crown loose Muscatels, 54c;
! -crown, 6'^c; 4-crown. 7o; London Layer?,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, SI 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10c; Walnuts. 9@loc for
standards, and 10Mi@114c for softshell; Al
monds, 12@i34c for paper-shell. VKSllc for soft
and S(S5c for hardshell; Peanuts. s%®6«iic for
Eastern, and 5c for California; Brazil Nuts,
<4@S4c; Filberts. 11H912c; Pecans, l0@llc;
Cocoanuts. $4 50@6.
HONEY— Comb. 114 c for bright and 104 for
light amber; water whtte extracted. 7Vi@74e;
light amber extracted, 64@7c; dark. 54c per lb.
BEESWAX— per lb.
Provisions.
There In no further decline In Hams. Bacon
; and Lard, but the cut haa unsettled things ma
; terlally. Barreled goods remain about the
! same.
'TRED MEATS— Bacon. ?V4c per !b for
( heavy. 9(iT9i,c for light medium, lie for light.
I 12^c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
j Eastern susar-cured Hams, 12Uql3c; California
Hams, 12*4913 c; Mess Beef, $11 per bbl ; extra
Ment«, $12 50; Family, $14; extra Prime Pork.
$12 50; extra cl^nr. $18 50; mess, $15<g15 50;
Smoked Reef. 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6@6V»c per lb for
I compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
I 7^c; 10-lb tins, 8c; 5-lb tins. Hie.
COTTOLENE-Ti.-rves. 7%97%C per lb.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
Hops continue slow at unchanged quotations.
The demand for Wool continues good and
quotations are very firm.
Hides continue firm and In demand, stocks
selling on arrival.
Tall.iw is easier.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers
H4c; medium, lf» 2 o: light, 10c; Cowhides, 94®
10c; Stags. 64(jf74c; Salted Kip, 94c; Calf, 10c; i
Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands. 13c;
Dry Kip and Veal. 154@16c; Dry Calf. I7®18c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each: short Wool,
35@60c each; medium. 70@»0c; long Wool, 90c<(?
$1 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2(7i3 for laige and
$1 Z6OI 60 for small: Colts, 26960 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, SHe per lb; No. 2,
4^<??sc: refined, ; grease, 34c.
WOOL—
Fall clip — San Joaquln plains. 7U'<?9c: South
ern. 7<Jfloc: Middle County, 10@12Hc; Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 15i}T16e: Eastern Oregon. M@l6c;
Valley Oregon, lB@18c; Northern Mountain,
free, ll@13c; Northern Mountain, defective, 9@
lie per IK
HOPS-S@loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The range In Veal Is narrower than It has
been. Dealers are quoting lower prices for
Mutton. Lamb stands about the same. Beef
is steady at the quotations which have ruled
for some time. Packers report plenty of Hogs
coming in at unchanged prices.
BEEF 7<;T':' per lb for Steers and 6V4S7c for
Cows.
VEAL— S(?f9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7c; Ewes, 6Uc per lb.
LAMB 898% c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 54c for small, 54<?T5%c
for medium and B@s>4c for large; stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7@BV4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7(S7'ic: Wool
Bags. 28930 c; Fruit Bags, 6c, f>i;c and 6%C for
the three grades of white and "4c for bleached
Jute.
BALE ROPE— Manila, 14U^15c per lb.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $*; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, IS; Scotch,
; Cumberland, $0 75 in bulk and $11 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $13; Can
nel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $9 60; Coke, $13 per ton in bulk and $15
in sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $19160; As
parapus, ; Tomatoes, 76c.
CANNED FRUITS— $2 4093 for
black and white; Peaches, $1 65@1 90; Pears,
$1 60^1 SO; Apricots, $125(3170: Plums, $120®
1 40.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l34@l6c for prime
washed; 11912% C for good washed; 114@15c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 94(g11c for
good to prime peaberry; 9<fJl2c for good to
prime; BQ9UC nominal for good current mixed
with black beans; BOB%c for fair; 597% c for
common to ordinary. — 99UV*C for good
to prime washed: 7*i@8 I !ic for fair washed; 94@
114 c for Rood to prime washed peaberry; ~^<ii
S'Vic for good to prime semi-washed; 7?«@B%c
for superior unwashed; '■■<*• for good green un
washed, S a i!s9>4c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; Suffice for common to ordinary. Nic
aragua — 14(31640 for prime to fancy washed; Sff>
lie for fair to good washed; "!hi.(Q~%c nominal
for good to superior unwashed ;B\.<g9Uc nominal
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. Guate
mala and Mexican — ]2@154c for prime to fancy
washed; 9®llc for good to strictly good washed:
S'fi^.o for fair washed; 7ijf"%c for medium; 4(!}
6^c for inferior to ordinary; IOQII4O for good
to prime washed peaberry: 8 1 5i@94c for good to
prlmo unwashed peaberry: 7' 4 'i;*'*c for Rood to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER- Sole, heavy, 28980 c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 26@27c: Sole Lather, light, 26
(!?27c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27928 c; Rough
Leather, light, 25<526c: Harness Leather, heavy,
32©33 c; Harness Leather, medium. 80982 c; Har
ness Leather, light. 29$'30c; Collar Leather, 15fl
16c per foot; Kip. finished. 40@45c per Ib: Veal,
finished, 50966 c; Calf, finished, 75eig$l 20; sides,
finished, 16@17c per foot: Belt Knife Splits, 14@
16c; Rough Splits, B@loc per lb.
— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1. 75c;
pure, $1 10: Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 69c;
raw, 67c; cases, 6c more; Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels, 59c; No. 1, 49c; coses, 5c more;
China Nut, 55<ij6Sc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels. 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm, pure, «0c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 324 c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $125®
1 36 per gallon: wagon colors. $292 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil, In bulk, 134 c; Pearl Oil, In
cases, 194o ; Astral. 194 c; Star. 194 c; Extra
Star Oil, 234 c; Elaine, 244 c; Eocene. 214 c; De
odorized Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; do, cases. 22c;
Benzine, in bulk. 154 c: do cases. 214 c; 86 de
gree Gasoline, In bulk. 21c; do, cases, 27c per
gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— Sixes. 16
oz, 20 sets, lie per set: sixes, 14 oz, 20 sets, 10c
sixes, 12 oz. 20 sets, 9c; sixes, 10 oz. 20 sets, S%c;
twelves, 12 oz, 40 sets, hotel, 9?4c. Granite
Mining Candles— Sixes, 16 oz. 40 sets, 114 c per
set; sixes, 16 oz, 20 sets, ll^c; sixes, 14 oz, 40
sets. 104 c; sixes, 14 oz, 20 sets, 10% c; sixes, 12
oz. 20 sets, 9»ic; sixes, 10 oz, 20 sets, 9c;
twelves. 12 oz, 40 sets, hotel. lOVic. Paraffine
Wax Candles, White— Ones. 14 oz, 25 sets, 12V*c
per set; twos, 14 oz, 25 sets, 12V;c; four, 14 OS,
36 sets, 12'^c; sixes, 14 oz, 36 sets. 12'4c ; twelves,
14 oz. 36 sets, 12% c; Colored, lc higher.
WHITE LEAD— at 64@7%0; Red
Lead and Litharge, 4^7Vic per lb.
TURPENTINE— cases, 73c; in Iron barrels.
68c: In wooden barrels, 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. Me; raw, barrels,
52c; cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSO per flask for local use
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in ion. in bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, r%c; Candy Granulated, Cc; Dry Granu
lated. 4"4 c; Confectioners' A. 4%c; California A.
; Magnolia A, 44c; Extra C, 4-'Sc: Golden
C. 4 1 ,ic: barrels. l-16c more: half-barrels, V a
more; boxes. 4c more; 50-lb bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes
ETic per lb. .
Lumber.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: pine,
ordinary sizes. $IG@l7; extra sizes, higher; Red
wood, $17918 for No. 1 and $15916 for No 2-
Lath. 4 feet, $2 1093 30; Pickets. {IS; Shingles.'
$175 for common and $2 75 for fancy: Shakes
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic $21®27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOV. 7. 1899.
"Wheat, qrsks... 1.156 Onions, Kits 570
Wheat, ctls 52.7S3'Hny. tons J»i
Barley, ctls 2,810 Straw, tnnn 5
Oats, -c,tls 2.R20 Wool, bags . .. 420
Rye, ctls 170 Pelts, l«ll ?<ji)
Butter, ctli Hides, Mo 740
Chocs«, ctl» <H\KgKi>, (Jo« 4 f,f,()
Lime, bblr. 182;Urnndy, Rals . {,'jno
Sugar, bblf! tfiO'Wltl*, snip X, log
Quicksilver, flak* 24 I,»nih»r r0115..., 87
Beans, sks 7,2OJj.Sli*Ar, «M» j;r)
Potatoes, ska B.fiOOl Raisins, bn.t*..., t gfio
OREOON.
Flour, qr sks.... 816iBrnn, r>hi- ....... r,n<i
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business was good again on the morning call
of the Bond Exchange. The sugar stocks were
weak. Hutchlnson declining to $28 50 and Paau
hau to $34. Contra Costa Water sold down to
$76 and Gas and Electric to $56 from $57 25.
In the afternoon I'aauhau advanced to $35
and Alaska Packers' declined to $118 25. Other
changes were narrow.
The Paauhau Sugar Company has declared a
dividend of 35 cents per share, payable on the
10th.
The new 6 per cent bonds of the Oceanic
Steamship Company pay Interest on the Ist of
January and on the Ist of July.
The Onomea Sugar Company paid a dividend
of 35 cents per share on the 6th.
The Pacific lighting Company pale* a dividend
of 35 cents per share on the 6th.
The Mutual Electric Company paid a dividend
of S cents on the nth.
The quarterly Interest on the Edison Light
and Power Company's bonds is now payable.
It Is 1% per cent.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov. 7—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— iEquit G L Co. 8H 6%
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co.. 13H 14
I Is quar reg.... — — Jo GI, & 11.... 40": '41
lls quar new... — ISl 1 -* Pac Gas Imp.. 65 60
I If quar coup.. 1071.2108 Vac Light Co.. 40^ —
Miscellaneous— BF O & L.... 66 66V;
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — San Fran 3 3%
C C Wat 65....108H — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 6s. 130 — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s.lir, — Flrem's Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R ss. — 95 I Bank Stocks—
HC & 8 5V4«..107H — lAnglo-Cal 65 —
I L A Ry 55....W6'i4106\4 Bank of Cal... — —
|L A LCo 55.. 99 — Cal 6 D & T.. — 93
Do gntd 65.. 99 — JFidst National — 245
Do gtnd 65.. — — |I»n P & A. ...129 —
I, A& P R 58.104 — |Mer Ex — 16
Market-st 65...125% — Nev Nat 8k.. .183^190
Do Bt M ss...llfiV* — Savings Banks—
NCN G R 75.112 — Ger S & L...1700 —
N R of Cal 65. 118 — . Hum S & L..10G0 1160
N Rof Cal 55. 113 — ' ; Hut Say 8k.... 39 —
NPC R R 65. 101 — H F Say U...600 —
NPC R R 55. 107 108 £ay & L 50... — 85
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — ; Sec Say Bk — 810
100L4H58.- 110 fnlon T C 0... .1400 1440
I Oak Tran 65... — — Street Railroads-
Ocean S 8 5b.. 10694 107 4 California .... — 122
Om C Ry 65. ..126 127 < >ary 50 —
P & Cl Ry 65..107"4 — ■ Market-st .... 62Vi 62%
Pk &O Ry 6s. 115 — Presidio — 30
Powell-st R 6s — 122 ; Oak S L & H. — 60
Rao El G&RS3. — — ' Powder —
P F & N P ss.ll4«4llsH'Callfornla 162^180
6F & S JVSS.IISH — IB Dynamite... 88 95
FRy of Sal «s.KS^4 — Giant Con Co.. 89H 89\
;Bp of A 65. ...112 V* — Vigortt 3^» »v; i
S P C 65(1905). — — , Sugar—
iS P C 6s(1906).lll — Hana P C 0.... 1094 11
8P C ls(1912). — Haw C&SCo 95 97
!SPC Is eg ss. — — Honokaa S Co. 35 V.M
ISPBr 6s 123 — Hutch 8 P Co. 25% —
S V Wat 65....114V4 — Kilauea S Co.. 26 30
'< p V Wat 4a... 103 - Makawell SCo 49 —
1p V W4s(3dm).lolsi — Onomea S Co.. — 3SV4
; Stktn Gas Cs.. — — Paauhau S C 0.35. 35 —
Water Stocks— i Miscellaneous —
I Contra Costa.. 76^ 76 V 4 Al Pack Assn. US 11SV4
Marin County. 60 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. KKWilOlVi I Oceanic S Co.. 90*; 9U4
Gas and Electric— Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Par C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent L & P.... 8 — 'Par Paint Co.. B>4 —
/ Morning Session.
Board—
90 Contra Costa Water 76 00
10 Contra Costa Water 76 25
100 Equitable Gas 6 37Vi
20 Equitable Gas 6 50
ICO Giant Powder Con 89 60
20 Hana Plantation Co 11 124
90 Hutchlnson S P Co 28 62%
210 Hutchlnson S P Co 2S 50
30 Makawell 49 00
20 Makawell 48 S7^
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 25
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 113 00
: $1000 Oceanic S B bonds 108 75
! 100 Paauhau S P Co 34 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 57 25
60 8 F Gas & Electric Co 57 00
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 56 00
60 8 F Gas & Electric Co s 60 56 00
10 B F Gas & Electric Co.. 56 37V4
20 S F Gas a Electric Co f.6 00
61 Spring Valley Water 10100
50 VigorTt 3 50
100 Vigorit 3 37^4
Street—
$1000 Omnibus Cable bonds 126 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association US 25
20 Contra Costa Water 75 75
25 Contra Costa Water, s 10 76 12W.
15 Contra Costa Water 76 12V4
ISO Contra Costa Water 76 50
45 Giant Powder Con 89 50
350 Makawell 49 00
15 Market Street Railway "62 25
25 Mutual Elec Light 13 50
15 Oceanic S S Co 9100
35 Oceanic S S Co SO 75
50 Paauhau S P Co 34 50
165 Paauhau S P Co 35 00
10 Pacific Lighting 40 60
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 56 50
6 S F Gas & Electric Co 56 12&
205 S F Gas & Electric Co 56 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 56 12^
450 Vlgorit Powder 3 12Vi
Street—
120 Oceanic S S Co 9125
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Equitable Gas 6 12^4
20 Giant Powder 89 75
20 Oceanic S S Co 9100
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 57 00
150 Vigorit Powder 3 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Giant Powder 89 75
10 Giant Powder 89 62V4
25 Hana Plantation 11 50
60 Hutchinson Sugar Co 2S 50
50 Hutchinson Sugar Co 2S 624
10 Oceanic 8 S Co 9100
110 Paauhau Sugar Co 34 00
10 Market Street Railway 62 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 55 87>i
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 55 75
150 Vlgorit Powder 3 25
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Tidal Wave 2 90
250 Tidal Wave 2 95
100 San Joaquln O & D Co 1 00
60 Caribou 125
200 Northfield SO
100 Kings County Oil Co : 2 00'
475 Barker Ranch 110
100 Century Oil Co 75
1 Duquesne Oil Co 202 00
100 Monterey Oil Co 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
250 Tidal Wave .- 2 95
200 Century Oil Co 75
Street—
50 Tidal Wave 2 95
100 Big Panoche 170
100 Monterey Oil Co 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 1 10
200 Petroleum Center 30
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Buckhorn 4 60
200 Pennsylvania Consollated 1 05
100 Petroleum Center ■. 30
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha Con 03 200 Justice 03
200 Alta 02 : 300 Mexican 16
100 Best & Belcher 27 100 Occidental 14
100 Challenge 20 350 Ophlr ... 51
300 Cliollar 23 100 Ophlr 52
200 Con Cal & Va..l 35 400 Overman 12
10 Con Cal & Va..l 40 300 Seg Belcher 07
200 Crown Point .. 10. 200 Union Cons .... 26
200 Gould & Curry. 25 300 Union Cons 27
800 Hale & Norcrs. 40 100 Yellow Jacket.. 20
Afternoon Session.
600 Chollar 20; 200 Ophir 49
50 Con Ca! & Va..l 30 700 Potosi 26
300 Hale & Norcrs. 41 200 Sierra Nev .... 34
500 Justice 02 150 Utah 08
200 Justice 031
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 29 100 Hale & Norcrg 41
300 Best & Belcher. 37 200 Mexican 17
900 Con Cal & Va.l 32VM1500 Ophlr 50
ISOO Con Cal & Va..l 30! 400 Overman 121,
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher S3 ; 900 Con Cal & Va 130
500 Belcher 32 00 Mexican ... ! 17
200 Best & Belcher. 3S 800 Ophlr " 50
200 Challenge 21 300 Overman . "15
200 Challenge 22 600 Overman ' * 14
50 Con Cal & Va..l 25 200 Sierra Nevada! 35
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. 7-4 p. m .
Bld.AslC. Bid Ask
Alpha 02 04 Kentuck ... _ 03
AJta - 02 I.ndy Wash - 02
Andes 11 13 Mexican 16 17
Belcher 30 3l!Oceidental .. " 13 is
8.-Bt & Belcher. 38 39 Ophlr '0 sj
Bullion 06 07 Overman ■.■.'.■.■::: 13 v
Caledonia 68 66!Potosl ... 4 •>?
Chollar ......... 21 22jKavago ..... " is Ye,
Challenco Con.. 22 23 [Scorpion ... ' 02 —
Confidence ..... 78 -Peg Belcher "" 06 07
Con Cnl a v., .30 1 35 ! f.lerra Nevada. 34 35
Con Imperial .. — 1.2 Silver Hill . —en
Crown Point ... 12 13 Standard .. '"2 80
1 ■ h*qu< > - 02|St Louis ....i!! ' _ 0 6
'■■'■it I Curry. 24 26!«mdicate ... " _ m
Half A. Norcrs. 41 Union Con "7 •>«
•'" li " — 03 rtih .... .'.'' OS M
''"■•■ "■• m 'V, How Jacket ". 22 23
/ vne Ball.
Itfnuli Mv>lf«nrnphtr Office, T". S. N. Mer
"'•' Rxchanice, H.m Pninctaco,' Cai
i i or 7, iv".
■|ho tin* ball mi the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. r.\I,KINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Toast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Ix>w
Waters at Fort Point, en'rance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharfi about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height Gf tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
Be md tlmp column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
an.i the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, ac sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the sounding* on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 7.
Ptmr Australia, Houdlette, 6 days BVj hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 33 hours from Re
dondo.
■ Stmr Alexander Duncan, Nopander, 15 hours
from Moss Landing.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs, 20 hours from Rockport.
Stmr Crescent City, Stoekfleth, 40 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr St. Paul, Hays, 2S days from Manila,
via Nagasaki, 21 days.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Andflnsen, 26 hours
from Albion.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, November 7.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr & Sons Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Portland, Lundqulst, Portland; Oregon
Railway and Navigation Co.
Fr i>k Genevieve Mollnos, Lernaitre, Queens
town: Sol Wangenheim & Co.
Haw bk Falls of Clyde, Matson, Hilo; J. D.
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bktn \V. H. Dlmond, Nilson, Honolulu; J.
D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
Brig Consuelo, Page, Mahukona; J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co. ' ■
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 7.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria and Puget
Sound ports.
Btmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymas.
Stmr Mackinaw, Minefield, Seattle.
Haw l>k Falls of Clyde. Matson, Hilo.
Bk Kittle Davenport, Merrlman, Port Blake
ley.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Sehr Newark, Beck. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. Greenwood.
Stmr Matteawan, Grosoup, Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Schr Ocean Spry, Nyman, Iversens Landing.
Stmr San Pedro, Zuddart. Eureka.
Stmr Newsboy, Foeen, Usal.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov. 7. 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind southeast, velocity, 6 miles.
SPOKEN.
Sept Lat 6 N longitude 26 W, Br ship Crom
dale, from Liverpool for San Francisco: Oc
tober—Lat 55 N longitude 33 W, ship Tlllle E.
Starbuck, from Philadelphia for San Fran
cisco.
Oct Latitude 30 N longitude 3S W, Br ship
Glenflnart, from Portland for Liverpool, and
signaled that one of her crew had his leg
broken.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 6— A Montevideo cable states
that the ship A. G. Ropes put back with
rudder-post twisted and sailed again Oct 30 for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov Schr William H.
Smith, from Redondo.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr* Tiilamook
from Eureka.
PORT BLAKELEY -Arrived Nov Schr
Fanny Dutard, from Ventura; schr Excelsior
from Newport.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Nov 7— Bk Agate
for Departure Bay. |
VENTURA-Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Tallamook, I
for
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 7— Schr Ho
noipu, from Port Townsend; schr Meteor, from
Port Townsend
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 7-Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 7— Schr Eclipse, ,
hence Nov 4. Sailed— Stmr Pomona .for San
Francisco: schr Alice Archer, for San Pedro;
stmr North Fork, for San Francisco; stmr !
South Coast, for San Franc!)
ASTORlA— Arrived No* 7— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Nov 5. Sailed— Stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco. :
EASTERN PORTS.
BATH. Me.— Sailed Nov 6— Ship Edward
Sewnll. for Baltimore and Ban Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE, N S Chartered to load
Oct — Br ship Champion, for Honolulu; Br
ship lirummuir, for Honolulu; Bar bk East
African, for San Francisco; Br bk Forthbank
for Honolulu: Br ship Mlltlades, for San Fran
isco; Haw ship Star of Bengal, for San Fran
cisco. Sailed Oct 10— Br ship Jessomene, for
Acapulco.
HONOLULU— SaiIed Oct 30— Ger ship Theo
dor, for Sun Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 6— Br ship
Pegasus, from Portland.
SHlELDS— Arrived Nov 4— Br ship Mistlev
Hall, from Portland.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Nov Nor stmr
Ak< r, from Port P.lakeley.
MANILA— Nov 6— stmr Sikh
from Astoria.
NANAlMO— Arrived Nov 6— Stmr Mineola
from Port Los Angeles.
MANlLA— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr City of Rio
de Janeiro, from Portland, and stmr Valencia
hence Oct 5. Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Glenogle, for
San Francisco.
For Late Shipping See Page 13.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Moi/NT TAMALPAIS scenic RAILWAY
L«av« Sun Franclnco via hausallto ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. 1839,
WEEK DAYS— B:BO a. oa. and 1:« p. in.
SUNDAYS— 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. in.
Van 8 V. to Summit and Iteturo, 51 W.
. 111WS. COOK A SON. A|U.. m Market jit.
IBAZLBOAD TBAVEL. /,^
KOITHERN PACIFIC COMFANT
(PACIFIC system.) *
Train* le»v« ami in-p <(■•*• to nrrlve .<
NAN lItA.\CIS((). *'
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From October 29, 1899. — akriv
•?:OO\ Benicia, Snisuu and Sacramento.... *7--l. 1 5i
•7zOOa. Marysville, Orovillo via Wood»and,
Elmira, Vacaville and Uunisoy. .. •7:43
•7:OOa. Shasta Express- Davis, Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland »7:45
•7:S«a Martinez, San Haiuou, Vallejo, Napa,
Caiistuga and Santa Rosa # 0:l5
•*:««* The Overland Limited— Ogden,
Omaha, Chicago •3:13 J
*Nt!(OA San Jose, Lirermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, PlacerTille,
M:uyavillt\ Chico, Iteil Itlnir M:l.v
*.«t::SOA •Milton, Oakdaleand Horiora •4:15!
•»:OOa Hay wards. -N'ilos and Way Stations. M I : 1.-,,
•«:00a Atlantio I'xpress — and East "IMS,
•9:OOa. Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno *1 8: 1 sj
•ViOOa Port Costa, Fresno. Mojave and I.os
Angeles •«: j.', ,
•I 0:0O A Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations '7:1.11
•11 :OOa Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. *2:i.->j
•littOOtc Nilea, Livermore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Vlsalla,
I'orterTille ....... *I : I 3]
tl:OOp Sacramento Itiver Htenmers tN:OMi
•3soop Haywards, Niks and Way Stations. ».i:43i
•4iU»p Martinez, Han ltamo.i, Vallejo,
Napa, CaliKtoga, Sauta Itnsa *'>'.1-1<
•4iO»p Beuicia, VacavlUe, .Sacramento,
Woodland, nights Lauding.
MarysTille, Orovill* •l«: 4^ 4
•4iBOp Nlles, Kan Josoand Stockton *7:i."j]
•s:OOpTho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno,
BakersCeld, Saugus for Hanta liar-
b»ra, Los Angeles *fti4Bj
•5:80p Stockton, Merced. Fresno * 1 2: J.l]
•si:{l»p Fresno, liakeralield, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Iteming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East **" IS4
*StBOr Hanta Fo Route — Atlaullo Kxpress
for Mojtto and East "«:<.•>
*B:oop Haywards, and San J05e...... •~ii rv 4
t6: 30 Val •! 2 : 1 1
•oi3o p Oriental Mail— Ogden and East ♦Si.'iOi
}7:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions. i.VS i
*BiOSp Oregon and California J^xpress, Hao-
rameuto, Marysrllie. Redding,
Portland. Pnget Hound and Kant *8i1.1,i
COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT fiauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•B»l3ANewark,C'!uterville,SanJose,l''plUin,
Boulder Creek .Santa Cruz and Way
Stations *Si3«i
f 2il.lp Newark, Centerville, San Joee, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and, Principal Way
Stations f I ©«304
*4ilSp Newark, San Jose, LosGatos. *O«304
bllt<Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Station :7i201
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
from SIN /RIHCISCO — Foot or Mir*it Strut (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.v. 11:00 -2:53 13:08
•4:00 t5:00 •B:oDp.m.
rromOlEUSD— root or Brwiwtj.— -6.00 8:00 10.00 a.ji,
tl2:00 »l:00 12:00 *3:QO tl-03 »8:0Si-.m_.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (innge).
(Third nnd Townaend Sta.)
" 1O:1OA Oceau View, South Han Francisco.. 1«:30l
•7:OOa Kan Jose find Way Stations (New
Alrnadeu Wednesdays only) *l:30]
•ViOOa Sail Jose, Tres Pinos, Hunta Cruz,
Pacilic Grore. Paso Robles, San
Luis Oliispo, Surf, Lompoc anil
Principal Way Stations M:10i
•I O:4IOa San Jose Hud Way Stations *otS3j
•lIiUOa San Jose and Way Stations *3>3o]
t2:45i- San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific GroTe ttOiHOi
♦Bi:iOp San Jose and Way Stations '7:30*
f4:lsi> San Joße and Principal Way Stations *»:-I.Ta
t3:oor San Jose and Principal Way Stations *O:OOa
•3::»Oi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations "S:33a
•«::tOp San Jose and WayStatlons tosOO*
blli4.lp San Jose and Way Stations *7:aoi
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Daily. t Sunday e*eepted. t Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco al
5:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m
FRIDAY, SUNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver
Kansas City, Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 6:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford, Vlsalla
Tulare and Bakersfield, furnishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office, 62S Market St.. telephone
Main 153 L v '
Oakland office, 118 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 201 J street.
Fan Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO,
LESSEE
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market 61,
Wel£ N S^SiSSSS
A^\ &, m H 12^
and U i?? S o'-p m BatUrdayB - E3Ctra trip, at ™
B "i^T^;°%. 9:3 °' U:o ° *" m " : I:3 °. 3=39.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
DAYS-«: 10. 7:50. 9:20, ™ at
l 3;; B 4 s\nd 0 8:3^p m m . SatUrda> - 8 - E Era« ra ™* «
SUNDAYS— 6:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 8:40 B:0t
8:25 d. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park
lama schedule as above.
Leave , Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ October 18, .
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. I Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8 -40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor, 10:25 *ra
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
/SOpm S:ooam Cloverdale. 7:88 pm t:22pna
T:80 am Hopland and
8:00 am Uklah. 7:85 pm 6:22 pra
7:30 am i . 10:25 am
8:00 am! Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
and
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pmi 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska*?i."»
Springs; at clrverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprint.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhe<Jrln Heights. Hullville. Orr"i
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Willitts, Laytonville, Cum-
ining's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Bcctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldf.
P. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
I; _ General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ISS9.
| FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLET
i AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-» 7:00. *9:30. U:W> a. m.: *1:45,
•3:40, 5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and Saa R».
fael, on Monday*. Wednesdays arid Saturdays,
at 8:00 and 11:30 p. m.
BUNDAYS-»S00, '10:00. »ll:S0 a. m.; *l:U^
• :U. M:45. «:30. 8:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:35. 7:45. »9:40 a. m.j
•12:30. 2:16. *3:40. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. in.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. *8:00. 'lO:©©. '11:45 a. m.j
■1:40 *3:15. 4:45. *6-30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) mart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:46. 7:65. 9:45 a. m.j
IJ-.J5, 2:35, 5.45. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an*
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m - . . .«,
SUNDAYS— B:I6. 10:05 a m.: 12:05. JOS. 1:80,
*:W). 6:45 P. m
i THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
! 1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and .'ay stations.
I »:M> a. m. auaUay a— X»mal«» »"J way iUUona.OF THE I ]
V V tuy CITIES /
OBJECTIONS ARE
INCREASING IN
WATER SCHEME
Cuvellier Has a Big
Fight on Hand.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 7.
Tlie scheme for obtaining a municipal
vater supply has struck a big snag. The
losting of the Roberts wells is said by
several of the Uouncilmen to be too much
of an indefinite quantity to suit them, and
fcome believe that Captain Roberta should
be equally interested with the city In de
termining the value of his land. As it
is at present, Roberts" land Is worth but
very little, but li it shall be proved that it
can yield an adequate water supply it at
enco becomes very valuable. President
Howe, Councilman Mott, Barstow and
others do not think it a good business
proposition to spend fkWO on another
man's property merely to prove to him
how valuable it is.
When the matter comes up before the
committee of the whole there will be a
\ery lively discussion, and although many
have been hitherto restrained by public
bentiment and the fear of being credited
with "falling down." they are now deter
mined to express their views openly and
to demand that before any larger sum of
money be appropriated in the Initial stage
of the proceedings there shall be some
definite practical programme lined.
It is now stated that the Contra Costa
raonopoly is equally interested with the
city in knowing whether Roberts' land
contains a water supply or not, and It Is
paid a? authoritatively as any such state
ment can be made that Captain Roberts
has already been offered $60,000 by the
vater company. The city's option is for
5100,000.
' Mr. Cuvollier's sincerity and earnestness
are commended by the Council, but more
practical members think differently from
the member at large. Last evening -Mr.
Cuvellier referred the important matter
of extending the option for a year to Cap
tain Roberts' son, who happened to be in
the lobby, and on the strength of the
toon's verbal opinion ;ha i his father could
be depended upon to do what was right
Mr. Cuvellier wanted the Council to im
mediately appropriate $4:X>O, and did not
f-eem pleased wnen Mr. Mott suggested
that in a deal between the city and a citi
zen involving $100,000 it was hardly the
proper .thing to beckon over the rail and
take a nod of the head in place of a prop
erly attested bond.
Many citizens are also of the opinion
that it is Captain Roberts' place to prove
to the city that he has something to sell
worth tlo<\ooo and that it is not the city's
I>lace to prove it to him. The Council did
not mind putting $1500 into what is purely
v speculation, but now that $40tO is asked
there is very decided opposition.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
GREETED BY BAPTISTS
A Cordial "Welcome and Banquet Ten-
dered Him in Berkeley— Well-
Knovm IHvines Present.
C \ Nov. 7 The Baptist
• united In
imin Ide
■ ■■■ • Ifornla
i night in Stiles Hall,
.i welcome to a
 fur Presi
■
3ts included mln
; workers and
Qumbei
: propriately
lon. In the parlors
ts had been
.ing. The com
i, Rev.
• M. Hill. Dr. T. B.
or P. M. Boynton.
■k supper was served
.- r or
v. ■ '• Ide
■ lalifornia,
•' iho l"ni-
Rev. C. H. Mlnton.
ibyterlan Theological
J. K. Me -ident
dnary: Dr.
n of fie Berkeley
Inary, and Rev. E. A.
. pastor of the First Baptist
Sai FYaj dsco.
. short speeches were
by Pr< fessor I-e Conte, Dr. Minton,
•n. Dr. Woods and Presl
■ ; -! was furnished by
luartet the cxci
g with a . by Rev. <J. M.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND. Nov. 7.— P. M. Fishor, John
and J. J. Warner have been ap-
I • appraise the estate of Sarah
A. Mooar, deceased.
Thomas Moine has been appointed a
rtc-puty constable of Oakland Township.
ilarriago licenses were Issued to-<lay to
Mathew Schneider, aged 5<J years, and
Marj' Mathey, aged 43 years, both resi
(ients of San Francisco; also William
3-lpnry lr\-ing, :<2 year?, and Grace E.
Clare, 19 years, both of Oakland.
Judge Greene to-day granted M. Buck-
Btein a divorce from Sarah Buckatein, on
the pround of desertion. The couple were
married in Poland in 1885, and shortly
afterward the wife deserted the husband,
coming to America. He followed her, but
■was unable to locate her.
I^ucius V. Blerce Jr.. Mrs. Elizabeth
Beach and Miss Lottie Clark, devisees
under the will of Edmund Hindman, de
ceased; to-day filed answer to the contest
of William P^oprers Hindman, who by a
codicil was rut out of the will. They
deny that testator was too feeble to have
executed he will, or that any fraud.
duress or undue Influence was brought
to bear upon him in changing the original
teslarr.ent. and they ask that the contest
be dismissed.
HELD THE CONSTABLES
AT BAY WITH A CLUB
OAKLAJ "—Mike Egan, a San
Leandro rancher, was arrested for
to-day, but not until
1 ible Cramer and
Juinn aril Fagora a
very I Egan was brutally
!„ itii . with a club, so
aid they interfered.
lub to them, holding
■. The thre<> Of
erted rush upon
iilm to the ground and
handcuffed him. In the melee Egan bus
i numerous slight bruises. He was
brought t Jail.
Divorce Temporarily Denied.
OAKT>A V 7.— Judre Ogden has
h.i lah Baker a
divorce from Charles Baker, the rancher
IKb she ri I
irt The parties
have grov. . and the wife has
avowi irt that sh<: wil never
return to . tse of his
However, final ac
.n the matter of a decree haa
weeks, In the hope
■■• their differences
niigiit be eff< 1 I
Found Dead on a Scow.
OAKLAND. Nov. 7.— Kittle Scannell.
lead on the old
• at the foot of Alice
I tliia afternoon. The remains w*-r«
discoverer! by Charles Haggerty, who
lives on the scow. The woman, accord
ing to reports, '■ .■ .Irinknr, and
to this h«r death is attributed. An ln
uuoit will be held.
(©&[ft[UOTD
IN A NOTE HE
SAID HE LEFT
HER FOR KEEPS
Zoe G. RadcLffe Will
Get a Divorce.
Oakland Offlco Sun Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 7.
The divorce suit of Mrs. Zoe Q. Rad
cliffe against Frank C. Radcliffe, who is
employed in the Southern Pacific Com-
B land department at a salary of
• $1500 per annum, was up before
Judge Greene to- Jay, and the fair piain
lated her troubles.
She recalled that one day about two
years ago a messenger brought her a note
from her husband stating that he had
"left her for keeps" and asking her "to
kindly have his effects sent to him." At
that time the Radcliffes were residing
, with Mrs. Margueritte Williams on Van
Ness avenue, San Francisco, and accord
ing to Mrs. Radelifie she and her hus
i band had been at outs for some time,
though on the night before the husband
deserted there had been no dispute. "Our
troubles were caused because 1 did not
think that Mr. Radcliffe was contributing
sufficient to the support of myself and two
daughters," said Mrs. Radcliffe on the
witness stand. "I had to work hard to
help support us. For live years 1 nad a
situation In the Surveyor General's onice
i?nd Iso wrote stories for the newspapers,
and at present 1 have no Income. After
my husband left me I moved to Oakland
and from there to Alameda."
The two daughters, aged 11 and 13
years, have been in a convent, and Rad
cliffe. It appeared, had b*en contributing
about $».". toward their support. Mrs. Rad
cliffe did not seem ■ zealous to have
tho custody of the girls, as she claimed
she could not support them, and her at
torney, J. C. Bates, when judge Greene
suggested that he might act as their
guardian, begged to be excused from such
a burden.
It was finally proposed that the mother
superior of the convent be appointed
guardian, provided there be no objections,
and to settle this point the matter went
over for a week. The court Intimated
that Radcliffe will be required to con
tribute $40 monthly for their support.
YOUNG IS NOW AFRAID
OF LADY HOUSEKEEPERS
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— R. S. Young will
be very careful about engaging another
"young housekeeper who needs a home
for herself and child." His last experi
ence ended with one night in the Oakland
jail, which he declares is punishment
enough, not alone for folly, but almost
for murder. His trial this morning was
very short.
"1 move that the case of Toung be
stricken from the calendar," said the
Prosecuting Attorney.
"It is so ordered," said Judsre Smith,
and Toung was free.
"I am sorry now that I answered that
advertisement," said Young this evening.
"I was tired of hatching, so I rented a
nine-room house in East Oakland and
looked around for a housekeeper. After
a few days pent in negotiating I engaged
her— with her little boy. We started in
housekeeping-, and every day she had a
:.'•.<. romance to tell me of her past con
quests and experiences, and I took it all
in. I agreed to look after her. well and to
pay her $15 per month. At the end of a
month I discharged her, but she would
not go, and she demanded another
month's pay. She remained against my
will and orders till last night, and then
I decided to prevent her using any more
of my stores, so 1 locked her door, lashed
the handle and put a T hinge on the door
and casing. When she discovered what
I had done she yelled out of the window
for the police, and in they came.
"I explained the situation to them, told
them It was my house, and admitted lock-
Ing her door. Everything appeared to be
so straight that the officers were non
plussed, and finally one of them suggested
that I be arrested for disturbing her
peace. This was done, and I was taken
from my own house to Jail, and the
woman whom I had discharged a week
ago and had ordered from my house, was
left where she had no business. I wish
to protest against my treatment In Jail.
I was not permitted to even wash my face
before going to court, and I was sub
jected to Indignities that are a disgrace
to the prison officials and to the city.
"It is very probable that I may sue the
officers and their bondsmen for their
conduct in my house. 1 merely took
measures to prevent Mrs. McCord from
coming out of her room while I was
asleep. This morning there was nobody
on hand to swear to any charge against
me, and I was instantly discharged.
"I shall not engage another young
woman housekeeper in a hurry."
ANNUAL CONVENTION OF
CO-OPERATIVE UNIONS
OAKLAND, Nov. The convention of
the Pacific Coast Co-operative Union met
to-day in the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium.
The following delegates -were seated:
Napa Grange— Mr?. O. E. Borrette, Ulna Nel
lie rrette, A. Warren Robinson.
Dos Palos Rochdale Association— F. A- Ben
nett, E. A. Sham.
Pomona Grange— J. D. Hoffman. W. L. Over
shier E. G. William*.
Progressive Grange, Healdsburg— D. G. Jew
ett Mrs M. M. Jewett, Mrs. Anna Brown, D.
p. 11 urn. F. W. Cook, W. J. Mcdlndon.
Temescal Grange— Charles \V. Emery.
Lake County Co-operative Association — C. W.
Tindall, R. A. Thompson, A. ' Mendenhall,
Charles Sleeper.
Santa Rosa Grans?.-— B. T. Coulter, Matthew
Townsend.
, ■ .-rville Grange— W. W. Griffiths, John
Markley.
Elk Grove Grange — I*. Bcblmeyer.
American River Orange — James Cornell, N.
H. Lorenson, William Byne, J. D. . Cornell.
Petaluma Grange — D. N. Alexander, D. M.
Winaur.
Farmers' Alliance of Sacramento County-
Moses Sprague, Thomas Taylor, J. A. Simon.
Two Rock Grange of Petaluma— J. C. Pur
vine.
M doo County Co-operative Association — A.
B. Estes, E. D. Hogan.
P. C. C. U. of America— J. M. Moore, J. C.
Buttner, S. O. Push, C. M. Moore, D. T. Fow
ler. R. B. Meyer*.
Ban Jose Grange— O. "W. Child*. 8. P. Baun
ders.
Santa Clara Farmers' Club— J. R. Lewis, F.
M. Lighter. •'
Ventura Co-operative— E. E. Dunning, Nathan
H. Shaw.
Oxnard Co-operative Company— G. R. Walden
T. G. Gabbert.
Sacramento Grange— Judge J. H. MoCuen.
Lassen Co-operative— A. A . Hibbard.
Papers were read by James Rhodes,
Professor D. T. Fowler of the University
of California, J. M. Moore, J. C. Buttner,
R. B. Myers, A. A. Hibbard. A. B. Bates,
M V. Rork. J. H. M. l.apsley, C. W. Tin
dall. J. S. Taylor and C. L. Patton,
VARNEY HEIRS HAVE
NOW CALLED TIME
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— The heirs of the
late Thomas Varnejr to-day <-<■•*'
tried to bring their action agafnst (he
trustees of the estati to
speedily as possible. The suit earn-- up be
fore Judge Ogden to-day on motion for a
:,uance. Attorney Goodfellow, on be
half of the trustees, urging a continuance
for time to answer the complaint In In-
Uon recently filed by Nelda King
through her father. W. B. King.
When Varney died In February. ISW, h^
left an estate valued at about $500,000. By
will h<- left several legacies to be 1 1
of a trust fund. The devisees claim t'nnt
the annuities amount to at least $3500 per
y.'ar. Now they a-sk that all the prop
erty in the hands of the trustees, except
ing the amount Fiifiloicnt to pay the an
nuities, be distributed. They also charge
thai fhe estate Is not being properly nan
aged to yield the best returns. Nelda
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBEE 8, 1899.
READ THE NEWS AS SOON AS
ELECTION BOARDS MADE IT
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Nov. 7.
THERE was no need to wait
for the news from the eleven
States where elections were
held to-day— it was displayed
on The Call's bulletin board
and stereopticon sheet just a few sec
onds after it was gathered in the elec-
Kinp, in her complaint In Intervention,
forth a claim for (60,000, which she
contends is due her through a legacy .eft
by ht-r mothor. The matter was briefly
argued and went over for further consid
eration.
FORGED A CHECK HE
STOLE IN THE MAIL
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— John Teerig was
arrested this afternoon at Alvarado on a
■ of forgery, and It is likely that tho
Federal authorities will place other
charges against him- Teerip called at
the Alvarado postoffi<f a few days ago
-k'*'l for mall addressed to John
. :• presenting himself to be tuat
n. A letter containing a check f.T
was handed out, and he subsequently
forged the indorsement on the back of it
and attempted to pyns the sain, on iJeorge
li<-lf. a storekeeper. The latter became
Buspiclous and, communicating with John
. learned that the latter had missed
the U:tter containing the check and that
the indorsement was a forgery. A con
stable was immediately notified and
Teerig was soon caught.
ALAMEDA TRUSTEES
IN STORMY SESSION
WARM DISCUSSION CONCERNING
THE TIDAX CANAL.
Lobbyists Accuss the Board of Not
Acting Honorably in th.« Matter
of Wooden Awnings.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 7.— The tidal canal
controversy was resurrected last night at
a meeting of the Board of City Trustees
by a motion from Trustee Mackie that a
committee be appointed to meet a simi
lar commltt>'t; from Oakland to confer
the next step to be taken. A storm
broke almost immediately. Trustee For
derer voiced his surprise that Mackie,
who, he said, had ridiculed a similar plan
somo time ago, should resurrect it now.
Ha naid such a conference was entirely
unnecessary, as the work was all ar
ranged in Alameda's favor and nothing
but an act of Congress could change it.
City Enpinof-r Poyzer addressed tho
board, stating that he agreed with Trus
tee F\>rderer, but- was interrupted by
President Brick.
"You aro out of order, Mr. Poyzer, he
said "When we want information we
will call for it."
"I'm entirely in order," retorted Poyzer;
"I know what I'm talking about and you
do not."
Matters were smoothed over later, when
President Brick admitted he had misun
derstood the City Engineer, to whom he
apologized.
A small sized cyclone started when the
question of removing wooden awnings
was again brought up. A. C. Burns and
B. J- Smith had a wordy war over an
awning on the Burns property, adjoining
Smith's store. The Trustees were about
to rescind an ordinaii'-- adopted at a pre
vious meeting by adopting an amendment
to allow all awnings considered safe to
stand. Smith arose and asked if the
board v*-!s going to perform the great
snake act of Bwallowing Itself. Smith
referred to Burns as "my friend." Burns
denied the allegation and stated that he
lated with gentlemen. More words
followed, and "whisky barrel," "great big
loafer," "bag of wind." "whisky bum"
itber epithets were hurled. Presi
dent Brick and Sergeant of Police Kamp
iinully qut'lled the disturbance. The
board then decided to stand by it? for
mer action and ordered all awnings down,
with tho exception of those in front of
the Park Hotel and Water Works build
ing.
James Munrn accused the board of
showing partiality, and said the reason
the Park Hotel and Water Works build
ing awnings were allowed to stand was
because there was $20,000,000 behind one
and $.'i,(,i>o.'.h'O behind the other. President
Brick remarked that such talk was out
of order. Munro replied that it might be,
but it was the truth nevertheless. Burns
said that thn board was called honora
ble, but it had not acted honorably in
this matter. Brick admitted that the or
dinance was unjust, but voted for it.
Before calling the meeting to order.
President Brick in be-half of a number
of citizens of Alameda presented City
Marshal Conrad with a gold watch and
chain and diamond studded locket.
Death of Captain Gardner.
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.— Captain Fred
erick Augustus Gardner, one of the old
residents of the university town, died this
mornins at his residence on Vine street.
North Berkeley. The deceased was a na
tive of England, aged 56 years. For the
last twenty-two years his "home has been
in Berkeley, and during that time he has
been connected with the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company.
A.DOUI three years aaro ha retired from
the service, leaving the steamship Doric,
of which he was chief officer. The funeral
will be held to-morrow afternoon at J :30
o'clock in Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San
Francisco.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
tion booths of nearly a dozen State?.
Many Issues of national Import
were Involved, and no hint of what
the voters were doing could be
learned from the evening papers, so
everybody, after dinner, went to The
Call office as usual to learn the news.
The crowd changed considerably dur
ing the afternoon and evening and
MAYOR SENDS A
SUGGESTION ON
BOND QUESTION
Board of Works Is
Gathering Data.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Nov. 7.
Mayor Snow has prepared an official
statement regarding the issuance of bonds
for municipal improvements, which he
has submitted to the City Council. The
Mayor's opinion is as follows:
I understand It to be the disposi
tion of your honorable body to afford
the voters of our city, as soon as prac
ticable, an opportunity to vote for
bonds for large and varied public im
provements. You have requested the
Board of Public Works to give you
specific information upon some of
these projects, viz.:
Municipal w;iter supply, salt water
sprinkling plant, dredging slips at city
wharves, constructing intercepting
sewern and a pumping plant, reclaim-
Ing marsh lands, constructing a pier
in the western portion of the city,
erecting school buildings and purchas
ing school sites in the annexed dis
trict, park sites and boulevards, free
library building and site for a new
City Hall.
Concerning all these matters, the
Board of Public Works, through spe
cial committees, are seeking and ob
taining information and will doubtless
report as soon ;is possible. As it will
be necessary for your honorable body
to know beyond a doubt before calling
a bond election whether more than one
proposition can be lawfully submitted
to voters at one time, and under what
special act of the. legislature (there
being several) the different proposi
tions shall be submitted; to avoid de
lay I respectfully surest that while
other details are being determined the
City Attorney be requested to write
a brief upon the whole plan of pro
cedure under the statutes and our city
charter, setting forth the laws so far
as they may be involved in a bond
Issue for the public improvements thus
far suggested, viz. :
Water works (fresh and salt),
wharves, piers, moles and bulkheads;
Intercepting sewers, sewer extensions,
storm sewers, sewage pumping plant,
crematory for garbage, schoolhouse
sites, schoolhouses. acquiring marsh
land and filling same, parks and im
proving same, building boulevards,
paving thoroughfares by the city,
raising Twelfth street dam, free li
brary site and building, City Hall.
Because the method of procedure is
of very great importance, Involving
the validity and sale of the bonds that
may be Issued, 1 further respectfuiiy
recommend that the brief of the City
Attorney be printed and copies be ror
warded to the most prominent firms
of bond buyers and brokers in the
United States, who, I am informed,
will submit such a brief to their at
torneys and report to your honorable
body their concurrence or suggestions.
Young Cronin in Court.
I OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— Frank Cronin, who
I was shot by Officer Murray early yester
| day morning while he was trying to es-
I cape from his li^me, 719 Henry street, be
-1 ing suspected as one of the robbers who
1 held up R. W. Beal at the power-house
i of the Alameda electric railway last Sat-
I urday night appeared in the Police Court
to-day and pleaded guilty to a charge of
j disturbing the peace preferred against
him by Jose Faga. He will be sentenced
BABY INTRODUCED AS
"PEOPLE'S EXHIBIT A"
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— There was a most novel and unprecedented pro
cedure in Judge Hall's court this afternoon during the trial of
Rudolph Permien, charged with betraying Miss Hattle Isaacs, when
a black-eyed little baby was introduced in evidence by the prosecu
tion, and Deputy District Attorney Harris, familiarly known as the
"tall sycamore from Llvermore Valley," politely requested. In tne due
course of legal procedure, that Court Clerk George Pierce label the young
ster 'People's Exhibit A." Attorney Harris did not make any suggestion
as to how the exhibit was to be preserved pending the trial, and the court
clerk was for a few moments puzzled as to whether the duty of caring for
the child devolved upon him, or whether he might be expected to provide a
wetnurse. After the assemblage of degenerates, who' usually throng the
lobby to feast upon the salacious uetails of aueh cases, had its surfeit of
laughter, which only an order from the Court to the bailiff placed a quietus
upon, the little live exhibit was returned to the care of itr mother. The trial
will occupy several days. The prosecution closed its case this afternoon,
but the defense has about sixty witnesses subpenaed.
every dispatch and every picture was
greeted by cheers from some section
or other of the gathering. The crowd
was, no doubt, similar to hundreds of
other crowds gathered for the same
purpose in all parts of the country,
and although the farthest away from
the great centers of politics, the bul
letins were displayed as quickly as in
any State between here and New
York.
The closeness of Oakland to San
Francisco caused great interest in the
contest across the bay, and The Call
posted a continuous stream of bul-
letlns as the count progressed. This
paper was the first to establish a tele
graph office in Its Oakland bureau, and
on every noteworthy occasion since It
has been able to give the news to the
public. So much has this fact become
recognized that the crowd gathers as
a matter of course, whether it be bul
letins of a war, a prizefight or of an
election.
to-morrow. It is not now believed that he
was implicated In the midnight robberies.
WAS ADAM A NEGRO?
IN the first of a series of articles upon
anthropological data which Professor
Arthur Thompson is writing for
Knowledge he discusses the original
color of mankind and weighs some
evidence bearing upon the question
i whether the earliest races were black or
white.
At the same time he mentions Alfred
Russell Wallace's idea that primitive man
i was a Mongol. This would infer that our
original color was yellow, and when we
consider the civilization of remote times
which existed among the Chinese, that
the people of Europe sprang from Asiatic
stock, and that the identity of the earliest
cave-dwellen in this country and in
France with the Eskimos (also Mongols)
: has been demonstrated, this view does not
seem so very unlikely. Professor Thomp
] son characterizes the theory as suggest
ive, but goes into none of these outside
details, confining himself to a study of
skin, hair and their pigments.
Sorby, he says, isolated three pigments,
using hair as the most convenient subject
for experiment. In light-colored hair a
brown-red and yellow pigment occurs, to
I which in black hair a black coloring mat
ter is added, and it is a remarkable fact
that there may be in a negro's "wool" as
much red pigment as in the European va
riety sometimes .alluded to as "carrots."
Again, when a piece of white skin is
I grafted (as is often done in modern sur
gery; upon a black man, it becomes black,
while black upon a white man loses its
pigment. This, Professor Thompson
I thinks, supports the theory that man has
developed a white skin from a black,
rather than the other alternative.
Other interesting points are brought for
ward. For instance, there is always a
certain amount of pigment in the skin of
even fair people, that is, of the red and
yellow kinds found in the hair, but not
enough to prevent the blood in the vessels
which do not come nearer the surface
than the true skin showing through the
semi-transparent layers of the epidermis.
Bronzing through exposure to the sun is
due to an Increased blood supply and a
corresponding development, freckles and
pigmented spots, similar in structure to
the general skins of darker races, while
dark complexioned people among us have.
In addition to the ordinary pigments, a
trace of the black color of the negro, more
commonly present in our hair. There is
not, however, enough to destroy the radi
■ cal fairness of our skin, though in excep
! tional situations (such as In the arm pits)
its presence may be very evident.
As to the use of a biack skin, Darwin
hinted it might have been developed in
corelatlon with the immunity from mala
rial diseases which darkies enjoy, as it is
true white sufferers acquire a darker
complexion.
In support of the idea that the ancestors
of negroes and white men more nearly re
sembled the latter in color, a point not
mentioned by Professor Thompson might
be brought forward, and that is that pick
aninnies at their birth are not black in
color, but of a dirty gray. If original
man were black, just as the original lion
was spotted, we should expect to find in
the negro infant the black color, as we
find in the young cub the traces of spots.—
London Mail.
Double-Acting Glory.
It is deplorable that we should encoun
ter so much difficulty In subjugating the
fault, as everybody knows, and until they
are sensible enough to see for themselves
that the expansionist can do no wrong
they must continue to be slaughtered.
Everybody who knows anything knows
that war is a glorious thing and that a
war of conquest is the best of all.
As for those American citizens who are
soon to be at the front— well, they may
enjoy the change. There are some men
who would rather shoot than work. There
is strong evidence, however, that our sol
diers at the front are disgusted with the
work.
Civilization baa taught them other
things.— Life.
jKIBMISIiJULy'
DEPUTY CITY
CLERK FLETTER
WAITS HIS PAY
Is Granted a Writ of
Mandamus.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 7.
The merry war between Alameda's
Board of City Trustees and City Clerk
Ben F. Lamborn over the appointment of
a deputy clerk and the fixing of his sal
ary will be aired in court.
Last August City Clerk Lambnrn ap
pointed as his deputy «'harles F. Fletter,
son of the late City Trustee, F. J. Fletter,
and the latter had supposed that his sal
ary would be no less than $75 per month.
The Trustees, however, have all along
held that Clerk Laraborn's duties are not
so onerous that a deputy should be re
quired and the board has accordingly re
fused to pay Fletter any salary since his
appointment. Repeated requests have
been made that the board lix Fletter's
salary at a reasonable sum, and last night
the affair culminated in the City Trus
tees deciding that the salary be rixed at
$sjper month.
To-day Deputy Clerk Fletter, through
his attorney, Cnarles E. Xaylor, riled a
petition invoking the aid of the Superior
Court and asking that an alternative writ
of mandate isßue commanding the City
Trustees, Messrs. Brick, Miller, Schulte,
Mackie and Forderer, immediately upon
receipt of such a writ, to fix by ordinance
at a reasonable sum the compensation of
the deputy clerk, the same to date from
August 1; or that they show cause why
they have not done so; and that upon said
hearing the writ be made peremptory.
Later in the day Judge Hall issued the
desired writ and made the same return
able on Monday morning, November 20.
If rumors go for anything the case is to
be bitterly fought. The City Trustees
maintain that they hold a private key to
the controversial situation. Clerk Lam
born, on the uther hand, bases his rights
in the matter upon Rection 78S of an act
of the Legislature for the incorporation
and government of municipal corpora
tions, approved March 13, l*s'S. and upon
the city charter, which authorizes the ap
pointment of a deputy by the Clerks of
cities of the fifth class. Fletter's petition
also cites section 791 of said act and char
ter, which requires the City Trustees to
fix the compensation of all officers of said
city by ordinance.
Missing Boys.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— Willie Erickson.
and Georse Wright, each aged hut Syears,
were reported to the police at midnight
to-nipht as missing. The boys left their
homes at Twenty-fourth and Market
Btreets early this afternoon and were seen
later by friends, who stated that they ap
peared in brand now attire. Mr. Kick
s'>n reports that his bny has stolon about
$21 from a bureau drawer at his nome, and
Mr. Wright says his boy got away witn
two valuable watches.
Left All to Two Daughters.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.-The will of James
McGee, who died at Berkeley October 24 |
laFt. was filed for probate to-day by
Catherine McGee, who is named as i
executrix, and who petitions for letters. !
The instrument Is dated June 2. ISS3, wit
nessed by James C. Martin and R. A. Red- i
man, and by its terms the estate, valued !
at $100,000, is bequeathed to the two
daughters, the petitioner and Mary Ann i
i McGee, share and share alike.
"You used to say they were very sim
ple."
16 i 1 $r
»O<g-Q«^ Q<^Q<» Q<s>o<s>o<» O<»O»O<»O-$>O» O<^O»O<»O» O<»O^
PAGES! I 1 A YEAR
II Enlarged to 16 Pages! ||'
I Reduced to $1 a Year! I
! AN INNOVATION IN WESTERN JOURNALISM. I
I THE GREAT |
0 o
•*> ♦
i WEEKLY
<%> <$
I L/ALL !
<!> <$>
1 ....GIVES.... J
I ALL THE NEWS OF THE WORLD \
° TOGETHER WITH * £
I Several Pages of Fiction, %
♦ Stories of Every- Day Life, §
| Fashions and other matters. I
I ALL PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED !
0 o
I 16 PAGES OF IT . !
I AT $1.00 A YEAR ■ 1
•$> <$■
0 O
1 Only Two Cents a Week— You Can't §
S Afford to Miss It. There are no J
% lottery schemes nor side fakes at- §
$ tached to THE WEEKLY CALL. It's t
0 o
1 a straight business proposition. S
O O
• «
1 /6 RACES A WEEK ♦
% AT &1.00 A YEAR S
<» ♦
! SEND FOR SAMPLE COPY !
o o
o And See What a Great Paper You t
|2| Can Get for Two Cents a Week! ■ J_
16 1 ■ F~t\
PAGES I 1 — A YEAR
( OF THE
ÜBAYCITItSW
A HARD FIGHT
OVER PROPOSED
STREET OPENING
Many Owners File a
Strong Protest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov 7.
Councilman Mott'e scheme for opening
Washington street is to meet with strong
opposition. The matter Is now before rhe
City Attorney, who is preparing the neeps
sary ordinance ordering the preliminary
work done. Mr. Mott had been ;ed to
believe that the opening of the street was
so clearly a necessity that there would be
very little objection to it, while the assess
ment district would be so large that the
cost would fall lightly on the property
owners.
The protest now filed with the City
Council takes the opposite stand in every
particular from that of Mr. Mott. Among
other things the protest, while denying
that there was any necessity for opening
the street at this time, declares that
"property values and the growth of the
city have grown up along the present
lines, and under the present conditions,
and should not be disturbed, nor should
the business center.be disturbed.
I'nrler the present conditions busi
ness is held on Washington street, but
If the street were opened the conditions
would be changed and all property south
of Fourteenth street, not only on Wash
ington, but on Broadway and Clay and
adjoining streets, would be Injured and
depreciated in value.
"There is no congestion of traffic or
Inconvenience to the public that wuM
justify such vast expenditure as would
be required by the proposed work. San
Pablo avenue and Clay street on cither
side answer for all the convenience of
the public.
"And while this proposed work is said
to be principally in the interest and for
the benofit of Washington street, we of
Washington street firmly state and as
sert that it is absolutely opposed to tiifl
best interests of the street, opposed to
its business interest, opposed to its
growth, opposed to its prosperity and is
a positive detriment and no advantage
any way."
The protestants are George Uhl, John
Nicoll Company. Mrs. Joseph Boyd, Ann
M. Snyder, Salinger Bros., Mrs. M X
Blake, F. W. Schultz, Kahn Bros.. Mrs
Anna Relce, E. M. Brown, Abrahamson
Bros., J. T. Moran, Vibella C. Jonks and
Harold L. Martin.
Celebration for Veterans.
BERKELEY, Nov. 7.— Lookout Moun
tain Post No. SS, G. A. R., will celehrato
its fourteenth anniversary next Tuesday
evening, November 14. Arrangements
have been made for a banquet, to be fol
lowed by appropriate exercises, in Odd
Fellows' Hall. The post was started
fourteen years ago with a mebmership of
ten. There are now thirty-four veterans
on Its roll.
Sold Liquor to Indians.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— At the Inquest into
the death of Frank Flores, the Indian
•who was stabbed last Sunday at the In
dian Rancherla, near Pleasanton, by
Frank Schneve, it developed that tcii
saloon-keepers sold liquor to the Indian,
and they are to be prosecuted.
"Where did you get this furniture, old
man?"
"Bought it on the Installment plan."
"Oh! I thought perhaps you were going
to keep it."
1112
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market nnd Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
200 H ayes=. street: open until 9:33 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
613 Lnrkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1?41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market <-tre«t, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
1106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
] :■<■< Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky, streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and A. •
M. - Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _f__
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30. for in? true- TE3T
tli.n of new work. Master Masons in-' wl
vlted. THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. m
M.— Second rree THIS fWEDNES- -J%-
DAY) EVENING, November S. ct 7:30 TKjT
o'clock. By ordvr of the W. M. ' v «
H. FORTRIEDE, Sec
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ft
M.— Special meeting THIS <\VKI>NES-
DAY) EVENING, November S, at ~-M/\J\
o'clock.. First degree. ' * *
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodrre No. 169. F. and A. M.— *
Calie<; meeting THIS WEDNESDAY) A
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- Tt_r
grefl c. 1). BUNKER, Sec /^r '
ANNTAI. meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, will be held ai the office of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market ft.. San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the 20th day o: November,
H?9. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing: a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such otber business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer book* will close
on Tuesday, November 14. ISD9, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SnELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company. No. »27 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2Cth day of Novem-
ber, IS a J. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for tha
purposa of electing a board of directors to
serve for the enduing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come
bofipe the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, November 14. ISW. at 3 o'clock
p. mi E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE rvirular annual meeting of the stockhold-
er 6 of thj California Wine Makers' Corpora-
tion will be held in the Assembly Hall of the
Mills building, Fnn Francisco, at 11 a. m.,
WEDNESDAY, November 15, 189*. California
Wine Mak*r3' Corporation.
By W. J. HOTCHKISS, Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting— A special meeting of tho
FtocUholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will bo held at the office
of the- company. 227 Market <•:.. In the City
arid County of Pan Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on SATURDAY, the ISth day of No-
vember, IS:*?, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of considering -. proposition to disin-
corporate the company.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ATTORNEY" AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron-
icle building: no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy; wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or ■ rite.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S.'.O Market, — Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market st.. opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Ppreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE :'ree: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, '-' Market ft., opp. Mason.
BICYCLE PAIRS-
THOS. V. ''■ VARNEY, Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. ISS— United States Hotel; rooms $1 N
vre«k up. with board $5 50; suit for two with
boar. $12: board. $4 week; meals, 260; ela-
vstor runs all nisht.
A NEW family hotel. xo7 California st.. occu-
pying corner r,pD>«it<» Grace Church.
O'FARRELL; 329— Nice large front room with
board, suitable for two gents^
"BELORA\ Polk and Clay— Sunny suite«;
best board: for 2. $45 up; single, $20.
O'FARRELL. 742— Large sunny front rooms:
good home enokirc. also single rooms, $20 up.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
Ing Box 2527, Call.
;'. BOAKUiAG 1 on CHII-DUEN.
WANTED— A child under ? years old to care
for by a repponsible party; charges reason-
ble. 777 Market St., room 21.
LADY vrlll boar.l one or two school children;
good home.- Inquire SOI Ellis St.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort-
iibie home for children. 531 A Castro st.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL HOOKS boucht and exchanged.
Holme* n*«V. Co.. 704 Mission Rt. . n^r Third.
BOOTS »■• .> BBOKS.
CHILDREN'S shoes, 50c; boys' coin lace shoes,
85c. ladies' shoes, $1 up; men's dress Ehoes,
}1 25; send' for price list. People's Shoe Store,
13i 3 Stockton st., near Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^S6OO— BOARDIXa-HOUSE with 11 finely fur-
nished rooms; rent (35; first-class paying;
widow is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
I. G. WILKE, 998 Market at
A— s3so; SALOON' close to Wella-Fargo bide:.:
doing a good paying business; low rent; value
for your money. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st.
A— s9so; MILLINERY Btora across the bay; fine
Btock and good trade, with lease; rent $10; 2
Hying rooms; sickness causa of sale. R. G.
WILKE, ?<\; Market ■•-
A— LOON In wholesale district; establ.
years an.i doing a good .paying business; no
night or Sunday work; rent $iO. Call K. G.
WILKE. 90S Market st.
$500— BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to schoolhouse; furniture of
living rooms included; sickness of owner causa
of -sale; bargain. R. G. WILKE. 90G Market.
t>AY saloon, established years; daily receipts
about jr. :'a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom- a chance of a lifetime; investigate a:
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market bt-
jji(» — SALOON: estab. 30 yrs.; Grant aye.. nr.
Sutter: splendidly paying; large place to open.
ehall. Call R. G. WILKE, !>O6 Market.
PARTNER wanted to buy and run first-class
restaurant. ALFA CO.. MS Market st.
YOUNG man wants partnership In some legiti-
mate., paying business. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
$4000— HOTEL for sale, exchange or lease; 30
furnished rooms, bar and bowling alley, in
• h«fVn of adjacent city. ALFA CO.. 935 Mrkt.
A GOOD paying restaurant In best location;
must sell; bargain. ALFA CO., 935 Market st.
INTEREST In good saloon wanted or partner
to start .«aloon. ALFA CO., 935 Market st.
PAYING fruit, nut and grape ranch to ex-
change for business. ALFA CO.. 935 Market.
PARTNER; light, genteel business; easily
learned; small capital. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
$ISOO— FURNITURE, carpet, stove; central; best
part city: nothing better; value in Rtock; Im-
mense trade; trial. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A- sl2s— SALOON, ono block from Market St.;
12. rooms; rent low; good fixtures; paying
place; worth $3uo. M LESS, 765 Market St.
|3.:0 PARTNER wanted In commission busi-
ness astab. many years; good business; must
be sober, steady man, M LESS, 765 Markdt.
A— sl7so— DRAYING, exp. and transfer bus. ; no
competition: bent town on coast; clears $200
monthly. KREDO & CO., ':: ■ Geary st.
TO lr>t— Hotel 50 rooms; saloon, billiard and
dining-room; near boat landing; town of 2500-
-41000 will Ftart you. Kredo .v Co.. 22',i Geary.
WILL pay from $3CO to (580 for a well-fitted
' nnd paying cigar stand: leave particulars
with agents. SCHOTI & CO., 032 Market.
BUSINESS opportunity v.-anted: either whole or
half Fhr.re; mf^. or store business preferred;
will invest between $2M and $500. Leave par-
ticulars with BCHOTTLBR & CO., 632 Mrkt.
$3W— WOOD and coal yard; bargain; this day.
Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market st.
$IT.O— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business.
Mclaughlin ft co.. 777% Market st.
RESTAURANT; good paying business.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777*4 Market Bt.
A— $300— BUTCHER shop; corner; good loca-
tion; trade $20 to $30 per day: everything new
nnd complete!. CITY BUSINESS EX-
HANGE, 1032 Market St.
A CIGAR store; centrally located; bargain;
cause, sickness. COWING & CO., ME Market.
LONG-ESTABLISHED central delicacy store;
low rent: $175 monthly profit. Call at once
on MARION GRIFFIN. 718 Market st.
FOR sale — Saloon, restaurant and lodglng-
hGuce. 746 Fourth St., corner Berry.
mrsiNESS CHANCES—
$1000— PARTNER wanted as cashier and to at-
tend to cigar store: S hours' work a day; $20
guaranteed first week; no agents wanted; call
In person. 1205 Market St.; barber shop.
$GoO— BRANCH bakery; dairy produce for »ale. :
Address box 2S"B, Call office.
JOB PRINTER wanted with $200 to take half.
Interest in good business. 433 Stevenson st.
$4500— LOT 10Cx200; corner San Lenndro road
and Rose St., near Frultvala; on electric car
line; new building; 7 living rooms; largs
store and Faloon; elegant grounds: stable and
warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; finest road-
fide resort in Alameda County; selling on
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C.
CLUNDT, San Leandro road, also Call
Branch. Oakland; San Leandro electric car
passes door.
FOR sain at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 28
yean-. suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
Mparate; long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER. Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
STORE and 2 rooms; good chance for shoe-
maker: old established stand. Apply 3763
Twenty-fourth st.
SMALL restaurant and bakery; established 18
years; for sale on account of slcknesi. 11*7
Howard ft.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; receipts $20
to ISO per day; sickness cause for selling.
Box 2JC2. Call office.
$235— FOR sale, the Golden West chop and oys-
ter house ; apply bet 10 and 12. 105 Fourth at
RESTAURANT; good place for man and wife;
bargain. 415 Stockton Bt., near Bush.
CIGAR store for sale; desirable location; new
stock and fixtures. 501 California Bt.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant in center of the town
for sale: cheap. Box 2904, Call office.
BARBERS— paying 2-chair shop for sale.
859 A Howard St.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; a partner with $500
In a restaurant. Box 928, Call office.
FOURTH, 303— A 20-room house well furnished;
good paying house; good location.
FINE grocery and bar for sale. 1601 Devlsa-
dero Bt.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc 1401
Powell st.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms: 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. BOX 247, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till "> p. m.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy,
new. business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. S2S Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & BON, :i!7 Mission st.
10"i SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, rurr»y«= ami horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer carpet-
beating Works. 3C3-X57 Tehama st.; teL S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mcr., 38-40 Sth St.: te!. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California ■• pet Cleaning Co..
403 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Slitter St.; !
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
RATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
' :.■'■■ aye.: t-1. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR, j
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
ii :.AmyoYA.vrs^ am> *JJ|£i2 J__AJ_*i__t.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
vovaiJi. may be consulted on all affairs of '
life. While entranced she will reveal every J
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies: remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unlta the sepa-
rated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future,
While in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; Bond stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
105 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS .1. 3. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant; i
sittings $1: diagnosis free; new method" j
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis- j
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
ITmE. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails; Fntl = factlon guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m.; L.. !sc; G.. 50c. '■-''•.■ Eddy.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewriter.
330 Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall, Sun night.
ARRIVED— Professor Haley; reads life. cradle
to grave. 50c, $1. 39 Turk St., parlors 2:, and 26.
SISTER JULIA'S benefit seance to-nieht by C.
V. Miller, 8 o'clock, 60c 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
render; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
GYPHY life reader: Batista guaranteed;
25c; correct answers to ill questions. 5 7th st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. J3S McAllister; readings;
teats daily. 10c; clr., Mon.. ■;.. 2."c, 2, Bp. m.
MRS. BURSH. 245 Fourth St., Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonble.
MME. SYBILLE Cradle •■■ grave; future hus-
band's picture. 2'c; larVes. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 2. r .<-; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212U Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: "■■ up. 5 Fourth st.
PROF. Gee— Medium: read' «. r-Oc. $1; test circles
Tuei . Thtirs.. Frl.. ■ p. m 10<\ 1033 Market.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folsom;
free medical and surir. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 527 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, yard, $10. Key 632 Second
st., near Brannan.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, with or without stable.
524 Ivy aye.
I COTTAGE of 4 rooms and yard; rent $8. 1021%
I Lombard St., near Hyde.
REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 610 Cas-
tro st.
3 SUNNY rooms and basement; rent $11. 360S
; Twenty-sixth st., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
6-ROOM rear cottage. 1 Larkln place, off Lar-
kin st., bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
i DENTISTS.
A DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Z?;nkand— Teeth extract-
: ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
! or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
| plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
1 dental work at reasonable prices: pure gold
fillings from SI up; other fillings from 60' :
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled" or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from M £0 up: llesh colored plates from $3 50
I up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
! evenings and Sundays.
! A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
j the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
i and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
I years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
. out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
j AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; .Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. <;. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
i DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 o 1 Farrell St., ex-
. tracts and fills teeth poinlesslv by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, 54;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prises; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
, TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless:
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 12«<S Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM BILL, 1443 Market Ft.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given. ■
SET of teeth without plate. DR. ii] g"
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. tlateT ~ sKrk - ~*
MEYER— Deutscher Z&hnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-clasa
' work; prices reas. ; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
-1 tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. 1899.
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators ; no students. 997 Market st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush;
full set teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, %7 Mission, cor. '"th.
DRESSMAKERS ANO SEAJHSTRKSSUS
S. F. Dressmaking, i-ad!es' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
! PARISIAN dressmaking, XI Geary: dresses
made $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & M iffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. "ancfMRS. W. F. AT RES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayre»" Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches: the
only school In the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing; life scholarship $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F.;
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sires more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 3C2 Montgomery st.
i ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
i ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining, j
mech.. survey, assay, arch!.; .lay and even.; |
cst. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
i FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs. j
I LAW schools. 527 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad- j
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence. |
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov. j
2; now members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission, j
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. SOS Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar.writlng;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help: housecleanlng. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main 1936.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. 655 Clay St.; phone Davis 821.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help.. 4!i- a & Farrell St.; tel. Bast 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Orant st>.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush St.; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMI'LO YMENT — FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation as housekeeper; city or country;
best ref. MISS H. CULLIN.VN, 323 Butter.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; also a first-class Swedish ■ cook; best
ref.: city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN, |
32." Sutter St.; phone Main 651^ i
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse
girl or will assist in housework. MISS H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutler st. i
AN English woman wishes place a« cook; good i
! references; city or country. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl: good cook and houseworker;
years' references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
SWEDISH second girl; first-class waitress and
Beams trees; best references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
LADIES desiring first-class help of any nation-
ality or description can secure same by cull- ;
Ing on, addressing or telephoning MISS CUL- ,
i.i-:.\", 325 Sutter st. : telephone Grant 120.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation In J
a Jewish family; 3 years' references last
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter ft.
I FIRST-CLASS German cooks, also German j
second girl, all with best of references, de-
sire situations. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. •
j ARTISTIC dressmaker would like a few en- I
gagements by the day. $1 50; work done at
home If desired; perfect tit guaranteed. Ad-
dress 421 Hyde st.
RELIABLE American Protestant woman ;
wishes situation in American family; good ,
cook and laundress; city reference. Address
Cook, 2306 Fulton st. j
SWEDISH girl wishes to do downstairs work
and cooking in American family; references ,
if required; wages $25. 3902 Twenty-fourth st.
! WANTED^- By an elderly woman, light house-
work in exchange for good home and small
wages. Apply 141S^ Pacific st. |
SWEDISH woman wants work at washing and .
ironing at $1 50 a day. Apply at 5 lvausch
St., off Eighth.
SWEDISH woman wants situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; city or country.
Call 39 7 Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez.
WANTED — By a competent cook, situation;
reference; wages from $25 to $30. Apply 823
Geary st.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, would do i
housework; city or country; kind to children.
141 Hyde St.. near Turk.
SITUATION wanted by strong, willing Scan-
dinavian. Call at 447 Natoma St., bet. Fifth
and Sixth. • !
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework; wages $12. 49 Ivy aye.,
upstairs.
YOUNG woman, with a boy 4 years old,
wants situation as working housekeeper; city j
or country. Apply 219 Natoma st., In rear.
YOUNG girl for light second work and wait-
ing. 1322 Broadway.
MIDDLE-AGED girl wishes work by the
day, week or month. 215 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress; hotel or restaurant.
27' _. Fourth st.
RELIABLE German cook wishes situation In
small private family. Call at 1505 Broderick.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 532
Eddy et.
GIRL wishes position at housework In small
family. Please call at ll^i Bartlett st.
GERMAN wishes position as laundress; good
ironer. Address f.22 Stockton st.
YOUNG Ctrl wishes situation to do general
housework. 1409% Buchanan St., In rear.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation in a private
family for general housework; no children.
142 Clipper St., bet. 25th and 26th. nr Sanchez.
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work and American cooking. Address 330
Montgomery st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do house-
work. Address 233 Fourth St., between How-
ard and Folsom.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st. !
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to 51 50 night; $1 50 to $6
Week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
M l' LO YMENT WANTED UALh.
! CONFECTIONER, first-class man on all fine
candles and chocolates, worked for Huyler,
N. V., four years, wants good position. Ad-
dress V. L. HOVER, care Mrs. Joe Vellasco, i
Grass Valley. Cal.
RELIABLE, sober man wants situation as !
coachman or man about place; understands
j care of all domestic animals and fowls; good i
gardener and driver; good references. Ad-
dress .T. W., 417 Powell st.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and ]
house cleaning by the day; Carpets cleaned.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush st., telephone i
East 963.
SITUATION wanted by a young man of IS
a* assistant traveling salesman or stockman
In wholesale house; Eastern experience. Ad-
dress box 2861. Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY, active, elderly man wants
work around a place; good horseman, milker
and gardener; reference. Box 1303, Call -office.
UPHOLSTERER, all-around man. desires work
In furniture store; small wages if steady.
! 'Address box 2964, Call office.
i ACCOUNTANT, regularly employed, wants ex-
tra work; corporation work a specialty. Box
! 941. Call office.
YOUNG man, 24. seeks situation; can look after
horses if necessary. G. CLARKE, 673 Har-
rison Et.
YOUNG man wishes position as bootblack; bar-
' ber shop preferred. 1322 Dupont et.
EXPERIENCED salesman, stenographer and
i typewriter, wishes situation; can furnish ma-
; chine; best of references. Address box 2SBO,
Call office. .
: EXPERIENCED young man desires employ-
ment evenings, either in store or taking care
of books; am also competent stenographer and
typewriter. Box 2867. Call.
i WANTED— Position as iarnessmaker; had 2
years' exnerlence as maker and salesman.
Address box 2562. Call office.
BARBER, 2 years' experience, wants steady
Job. Box 2909, Call office. , :, ,
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED — MALE.
TO fruitgrowers— A sobr single man, with
good references, large experiences, good
pruner and steady worker, who knows every
disease of trees and the remedy for it, w^ould
like a steady responsible {.-jsitlon at reason-
able compensation. Kindly address E. G. 0.,
221 Second St.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter In wholesale house
or store; understands the care of horaes and
Is handy with tools. Box 2570. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants p-sltlon as drum-
mer or collector; is very well acquainted in
city and can give good references. Address
box 2980. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS butler wishes situation; best
city and country references. Address box
2532. Call offloe.
AN AI bookkeeper wants permanent position:
quick, accurate, and competent to take ftitl
charge, of offlce; first-class city references;
Address ACCOUNTANT. Cosmopolitan Hotel,
ror. Fifth and Mission sts.
A— A— sso OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for Information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997. Call offlce. •
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a.
small ranch; understands fruit, genera! farm-
ing, poultry and vegetable raising; references.
Address box JD77. Call office.
A RRANCH office for Call advertisementa and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
GOOD renttnir Oakland property for ranches.
■T H EPSON, 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071 H Market st.. San Franelsco; exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FLATS — Jupt completed: modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1931 O'Farrell st.
FOUR rooms and bath; marine view; $18. 24
. Reed St.; key at 1825 Washington St.
HARRISON, 1170— Sunny upper flat 4 room;
rent $10.
MCALLISTER. 112S— Upper flat, 7 rooms, with
light ar.d sun; reasonable to good tenant.
MIDDLE flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $14 6
Dearborn st., off Beventeeth, nr Valencia.
NE. COR. Nineteenth ar..l Noe sts.— Lovely
gunny upper modern ."-room flat; porch and
storeroom; $16; water free.
PINE. 1336. near O'Farrel!— Sunny upper flat 6
T'- ■ms. hath; ren* $'?.
RENT Sl6; house of 8 rooms, yard and view.
1021 Lombard St.
SUNNY bay-window flats. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417H Third.
SUNNY Rat of r, ronms nnd bath. 1412 Califor-
nia St., near Hyde.
UPPER flat. 6 rooms, modern improvments.
.17... drove st.
ILAT3 TO LET — PI UNISHKO.
GROVE, M-;, nenr Fillmore— Handsome sunny
flat, 6 rooms, furnished or unfurnished; stable
If desired; references.
FURNITL'HE FOft SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
st., near Broadway; open ev.-ning.
NEWLY and well furnished flat; 7 rooms; park
tion. Address box 913, Call.
D3.'i PAGE »t.— For sale, elegant furniture of
S rooms: flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 ntntre. King Furniture C.... 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Tit.,' rays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
wanted— ssooo carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
price paid; postal. M Sllverstetn. 1121 Market.
FCBRIEKS, ims, ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, flO to
$30 ROOT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top flooi
HELP WAITED — AGENTS
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of hlgh-grai!e
agents. We want the bent men ani) women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be relle.l up"n for faithful work; persist-:it
an.l energetic, of goi .1 address and with
••gumption" and tho tact to secure whnt they
attempt. Retin.l ministers, school teachers,
or those seekine outdoor life, make good
agents; regular salary and a commission on
each order to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department. .1 C. MURPHY,
29 Chronicle building. San Francisco, Cal.,
agent for tho Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia, i'«.
MEN able to i. .indie territory to call room 30,
Esmond, corner 6th and Morrison, between 9
and 4; latest patented and manufactured ln-
ventlon to shift window shades.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
1U Ids In the Philippine.-; 46x64 Inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army I orps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR, 21 Fi:st Bt., San Francisco.
AGENTS wanted Coke Dandruff Cure and
ether Eastern specialties. P. C. M. A.. 76
Flood bide-, after 4 p. m.
HELP WANTED KKMALK.
CO TALENTED amateurs for the Megaphone
Minstrels. Apply at Chutes at 6:30 p. m. to-
day iw> dnesday).
WANTED 2 waitresses and parlor maid, $25,
north; 'I German nurs-'s. : 1 l'"; nurse an.l seam-
stress, J- fi ; chambermaid and seamstress, $20;
cook, plain wash, |S0; German ..r Scandi-
navian second girl. iz*\ waitress for board-
ing-house, $20; a number of Protestant, Ger-
man and neat Irish girls for housework and
cooking In nice families in city, $20 and $25.
Al.T.Iy to .1. F. CRiiSKTT & CO.. 316 Sutler.
WANTED— For country— Laundress for instltu-
tlon, $20; ironor for nice country laundry. $25;
waitress (or country restaurant, $7 a week;
3 waitresses for country hotels, $2": plrls f..r
housework for Shasta County, $20; Vailejo,
$20; Protestant girl, general housework, 4 In
family, San Rafael, $2.",; also for Mcnlo Park,
2 In family. $25; girls fur housework for Aln-
ine.lii, $L's; San Rafael, $25; Santa Rosa, (25;
San Jose, $20: Berkeley, $20 and $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
A— HOUSEWORK, San .lose. $25; Cloverdale,
$20; Oakland, $25; Alameda, $25; cook and sec-
ond girl, Sausalito, iti< und *20; Menln Park,
$25; Stockton. J2'r, Berkeley, $20; middle-aged
I woman, Ross Valley, $15, fare paid; 10 wait-
resses, city and country, $20 and $15 each; 4
second girls, $20 each; 6 young girls, light sec-
ond work, $1.0 F.nd $12; a lunch waitress, $3 50
per week; second work, San MsUeo, $25: Cook
for a mining town, $35; 2 boarding-house
cooks, $25 and $30; 20 girls, housework. $25 and
J2O. city and country. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter at.
WANTED— Janltresa for Institution; short dis-
tance in country; must lif good worker and
willing to help in kitchen at times: salary
525 per month; room, board and washing. W.
1 1. ISWER St CO.. 610 Clay st.
NURSE, $20; second girl. $25; cook. $30; two
cooks, $25 each; ln.'tltution cook?, $25 to $30;
housekeeper, $16, ?fc pnrty here 10 o'clock;
waitress, $15; it. houaegirls. $25 and $20; col-
ored women. |20. MRS. NORTON, 318 Sutter.
! BOARDING-HOUSE cook, *30. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN, 32.T Sutter St.
ANT lady having 2 or 3 hours' spare time a
| day can make $5 weekly working for us at
home; nothing to sell; send self-addressed
envelope for free sample. Manhattan 13. M.
, Co.. 101 Beekman st.. New York.
I 25 EXPERIENCED hands on silk and wool
waists. S. F. Mfg Co., 409 A Turk st
, WANTED- Waist finishers; also Improver*, on
! dressmaking .1 MONAHAN, 411 Mason Bt
WANTED A girl for genera! housework; must
| be a good plain co«,lv. Call at 2223 Howard st.
GIRL 15 or lfi yoars old to assist with light
housework. 6^o liroderick st.
WANTED— A reliable girl to assist In general
I housework. 418 Brannan St.. near Third.
FINISHER on pants wanted. The Empire
Tailoring Company, r,34 Ellis at.
WANTED — An apprentice for dressmaking;
paid while learning. C,2r. Golden Gate aye.
; RELIABLE person to do housework In small
family. 15ioA Vallejo St.
; GOOD hands on vests; also an apprentice.
I 641 Mt Stevenson St.
GIRL to assist with housework. Call at 4034
Snventeei.th Pt.. nonr Castro.
RELIABLE young woman for housework: fam-
ily of 3; reference; wages $10. 1208 Devlsadero.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and light house-
work; wages $20. 952 Pine st.
GIRL or woman to assist with housework.
1017 Castro st.. near Twenty-third.
WANTED— Tailoress on vests; steady work;
I Pay. K4 Folsom St.
WANTED- a girl for light "housework. Apply
3037 Washington Bt.
GIRL to do general housework; assist cooking.
249 Fourth st.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
C. R. HAXSEX & CO., Phone Grant ISS.
2 waitresses, Corning. $20 and fare; waitresses
for Pacific Grove, $20; Sonora, $20; Auburn,
$20; Watsonvllle, $20; ironer, country, $2;. ana
found and fare; 2 waitresses, city, $20; luncn
and dinner waitress, $5 week, short hours; 4
restaurant waitresses, $6 week; cook, insti-
tution, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Woman with child on ranch. $10, see party
here; second girl. Stockton. $15; 40 girls, city
and country, housework.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
j GIRL for general housework and experienced
cooking: references required. Apply between
9 and 11. 1434 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. 1435 Polk at.
WAXTED— Experienced waitress. Call early,
126 Ninth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to assist in light
housework; small wages. 20 Eleventh st.
YOUNG German girl; general housework; $15.
S3U : 2 Harrison st.
COOK to assist In housework; 3in family. Call
2827 Pine st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, for general housework.
863 Hayes st.
A YOUNG girl for light second work and wait-
ing. 1322 Broadway.
LADY solicitors wanted; references required.
Address box 2568, Call office.
WANTED— good hands for alterations on
cloaks and suits at E. MESSAGER'S Cloak
Store. 145 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted. 408 Sutter St..
SCHIMMEL & STOVER.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
GIRL: general housework; references; $18. 1434
Taylor st.
NEAT girl to do plain cooking In bakery.
Apply 427 Larkin St.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker wanted at
once. 135 Xatoma st.
GIRL for general housework; $10. 3631 Seven-
teenth st.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 927 Market St.,
room 411.
WANTED — German girl for housework and
cooking. 9 to 12 a. m., 414 Van Ness aye.
WANTED — Good finisher on custom coats; also
presser. 126 Russ St.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Gough and Grove sts.
LADIES 1 cloaks, suit. $1 Der week. Eastern
Outfitting Co., 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
WOMEN and girls wanted to sew on buttons.
■•"•'■■ Fremont ft. ; take elevator.
HELP WASTED— ALB.
50 TALENTED amateurs for the Megaphone
Minstrels. Apply at Chutes at 6:30 p. m. to-
day (Wednesday).
AT C. R. lIANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Head cook, country hotel. $75; baker and pas-
try cook, $50; helper, $20. for country hotel;
German cook, country hotel. $45; cook, coun-
tr\ hotel, $45; dishwashers, potwashers and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
10 STONE MASONS, for railroad work, $3 50 a
I day and free fare; 20 teamsters and laborers,
I for the Mountain R. R., $26 and board; 15 la-
borers for the S. P. Co. at Bradley, $1 75 a
day, free tare; 20 farmers for orchard work,
$20 and board; harness maker, ranch. $30:
wagon painter, ranch. $30; 2 farmers, $26 and
board. C. R. HANSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MAN and wife for private place, country.
$40 and found, »*>e party here. C. R. HAN-
SEX & CO., 104 Geary st.
I MURRAY A READY Phone Main SS4S
: Leading Employment and Labor Agents
I Slate splitters, block makers $2 50 day
3 stone masons, $1 50 fare $3 50 day
Wheelwright, upholsterer coatmaker
Piano player for saloon, 50c fare, $30 & found
3 tinners 20 drillers
62 farm hands $30. $26, $20 and found
9 choremen and boys $20, $15. $10 and found
5 experienced lumber pilers, city $2 day
25 4-horse teamsters, fare $1 50 $60
£t> laborers, quarry, fare 30c $60
19 laborers, fare $1 50 $2 25 day
2 milk- wagon drivers can washers
Stablemen, farmers and wives... $40 and found
! MURRAY X READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WE pay your fares to sawmills
193 laborers $26 to ?40 and found
crosscut sawyers, edgermen, lathers, barkers,
etc.; woodchoppers, tie makers and picket
maker* by the hundreds. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St.
HOTEL.... LAUNDRY .... BAKERY DEPT.
14 cooks $50, $40, $35, $30 and found
9 waiters $30, $25. $20 and found
15 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and found
6 shirt polishers, markers, ironers
$30, $25 and found
i 2 first bakers, 2 second bakers and 4 boys to
learn baking trade $40, $30, $20 and found
Boys for trades, stores, etc COME SEE
MURRAY & READY, 634-635 Clay st.
WE SHIP YOU FREE. ...RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters, laborers COME BEE $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
.................... FOREMEN
Foreman, see boss here, ranch. $50 and found
2 rock, 2 grading foremen, boss here $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— copper miners, $2 50 day; 8 quartz
miners, $'.! 25 to $2 50 day; timberman for
mine, $2 75 day; laborers for mines, railroads,
and quarries; farmers, $1 day; shop butcher
and driver for country, $00; driver for milk
wagon, $30 and found; gardener and wife; 2
pruners. $20; stage driver, and ethers. J. F.
CROBETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook, miners' boarding house;
hotel second and third cooks; restaurant
waiters; pot washers, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— country hotel, $50; baker,
small country hotel, $25; waiter, nice country
hotel, $25; dishwashers and kitchen help: 2
miners. $35 and board'; 5 laborers about mine.
$26 and board; 3 ranch teamsters, $26 and
board; 10 farmhands, $20, steady Job, and
j others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced driver for milk route
j In city. $35 and found; references required. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANT general tailor or Mr. Rheln, formerly
employed by N. Perslco. tailor, at Irvlngton,
Cal.; call at 1713 Ocean aye., Ingleslde. N.
PERSICO.
WANTED— Reliable man to deliver goods and
assist generally In light outdoor work; will
pay $60 per month; small capital required.
Apply 1032 Market St., room 4.
RENT of finely furnished front room given In
exchange for coaching In Spanish language.
Box 2526. Call.
1 BUTCHER wanted; a young man for cutting
I and route; steady. Kentucky Market, 1512
Kentucky st.
PAINTERS Wanted at 3SS Geary Bt. at half-
past 7 o'clock.
PRESSBOYS wanted In can factory- Apply
434 Jackson st.
PAINTERS wanted. Call at Steiner St., near
Fell.
JOB printer for In and outside work. 344 Mc-
Allister st.
BOY wanted to be generally useful around
printing office; wages $3. 514 Kearny St.
BARBER wanted. 763 Mission St.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day. 300 Golden Gate aye., cor. Hyde st.
VEGETABLE MAN wanted. 631 Clay St.
ERRAND BOY wanted at Hayes Valley Print-
ing and Stationery Co., 310 Hayes st.
BOY wanted. 907 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS porter and bootblack. Palace
Hotel Barber Shop; apply bet. 8 and 8:30 a. m.
TALIOR wanted. Room 1, 520 Kearny st.
I WANTED— man; small pay. SO Hannah
| st. Berkeley train.
WANTED— Dishwasher and kitchen man; $4 a
week. Ltpschltz Restaurant, 413 Pine at.
2 WAITERS wanted. 135 Fifth St
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay lit
GOOD waiter wanted for coffee house. 617
Montgomery st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1348 Howard at
A DRY goods salesman who can dress win-
dows. 1501 Park st., Alameda.
WANTED— Four men for office work; steady
employment; good pay. 916 Market St.. r. 81.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet Ist and 2d sts.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
NOW open— Barbers' home; free employment
office; ■ social room connected for Journey-
men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market St.. near
Eighth: telephone South 81. Win. Heberecht.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
BARBERS— Good paying 15c shop; Investigate.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 104 Ellis st. ■ ■**""•
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms; 2Gc per night; $1 to $2 per week
HELP WANTED MALE.
BARBERS wanted; first-class men only, at the
Barbers' Home; barbers and bosses will be
furnished free of charge with first-class help;
office hours from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m.; in con-
nection fine sitting room for unemployed bnr-
bers- telephone South 51. WM. HABE-
RECHT. manager, 1205 Market St., corner of
Eighth, formerly of the Revere, Eureka,
Humboldt County, and Vallejo.
WANTED— At Jamestown, Tuolumne County,
200 men; laborers, teamsters and drilling;
free passage from Oakdale; take boat to
Stockton, cars to Oakdale for $1 50; good
board and good camp accommodations; work
for seven or eight months. CAMPBELL &
BUCKMAN. 30! Montgomery st.
SHOEMAKER wanted; steady work. «4102
Nineteenth st.
WANT a No. 1 electro plater for silver mining
plates- answer at once. Address \\ . H. 0..
box 2908, Call office.
BARBER shop at a sacrifice; must pell ac-
count sickness. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers; to work i nside by
the piece; steady work; good pay. 718 Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert Instruction
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue;
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
BARBERS-3-chalr hotel barber shop for sale
in the center of this city: reason d th _,™, pro-
prietor. For particulars call on H. Bt-HJSU-
NERT. 927 Market St.
WANTED— men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In « weffks; expert instructions; Saturday
wages- call or write /or catalogue. S. i.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys. Hearst bids, Third and Market.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
I week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read, rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
V'v,nif PTKß Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlptlons has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday,
II o'clock, at Ormcn le Stable, 1517 Mission* st.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
; 50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st , between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched Mack teams.
' — *— ' ~~~~ *^ — ■^ mmm
HOUSES — LODGING— FOR SALE.
j „
PARTY wishing to Bell lodging-house see BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy st. ; new cash buyer daily.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms, all occupied,
for sale at 2 Washington Bt.
BARGAIN; must be sold: Philadelphia House,
421 Bush st.; 48 rooms; 40 fur.; gas and water.
TO let— Furnished lodging house; 35 rooms, all
full. Box 29C3, Call office.
HOWARD, 704. cor. Third— Nice corner house:
38 rooms; all rcoms full; cheap.
FOR sale cheap — Lodging house; 22 rooms: rent
tM. 1021 Valencia st.
nOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. tJMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
1412 G. Gate; S R.s3o 00 1!06<4 Turk: C R..521 00
' 634 Haight; 6 R.. 27 50 1710 Buchanan: 4lt 17 50
I 576 Folsnm; 7 R.. 21 0011513% Geary; 5 R. 14 00
i 1235 Sanchez; 5 R. 12 50 19>? Madison A.; 4r. 10 00
' 35 Grand ay. ; 6 R. IS 50 142*36 Howard; 4 R 15 00
j HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Ft.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Modern house, furnished complete;
7 or more rooms; neat and clean: sunny ex-
posure; garden: will take Immediate posses-
sion: 4 to 6 months' time; n-nt $75 to $90 per
month. Address P., Hotel Pleasanton.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— At Harbor View Park Pavilion last
Sunday, an overcoat with muffler In pocket.
Finder please return to owner, 511 Bryant St.,
near Third.
LOST— Small -ellow pug dog (Sammy). Return
to 3026 Sacramento st. ; reward.
$5 REWARD- -Li at Presidio, child's open-
; faced silver watch; monogram B. S. 536 Clay.
LOST— Brlndle greyhound dog October 27: white
markings on chest, toes and tail. Return to
31 Fourth st. ; reward.
LOST— coach dog. Finder will return
to 48 Eighth st. and receive reward.
LOST or stolen — Eskimo dog; reward for where-
abouts. J. G. GALLAGHER, 108 San Jose.
LOST— A black and white Llewellyn bitch; one
I eye almost entirely black. Return to 92S
Haight st. ami receive reward.
»— ■"— — <^ - "™ —^***~***"^^^
MEDICAL.
Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
Bend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies," In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
PRIVATE home for patients in confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12, 2to 4 and
7 to 8.
! PRIVATE confinement home: sunny rooms;
beet of care; nice garden; medicate. steam
baths for ladies. DR. and MRS. WEGENER,
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
! MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
i tatlon free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Hours 10 to 5. 7 to S.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours Ba. m. to sp. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly .if 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st . has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
j DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years: call on physician with man's knowl-
edge; cure $5. 318 Kearny; consultation free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
st.; every cabe guaranteed; $5 up.
HOME In confinement: treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 22S Van Ness aye.
DR. G. W. DON NELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist, l'C3' :; Market st.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. 122*
Market St., bet Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine?, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
j BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
! ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
st., above Sixth. :••;':
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes,
iron & wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
' SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market at.. B. F., Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brickdust. S. R.
CHURCH. "07 Snnsome st.; tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDINE. 220 Fremont.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new, 2d-hand. Whltelaw,2l6 Spear.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, (30 Kearny St., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks, repaired
or exchanged; turn, bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. creel Y'S C. P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento «t
DRESS pants. $2 75;' fine suit, $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery st.
BARS., counters.shelving. showcases bought and
sold.' EIBEN. 1118 Mission; tel. Jessie 1163.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly. Call,
16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 pc; year!
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CA^ I Tf il i required lrT^prosp^rous^and^welN
established manufacturing business- all
means of investigating freely granted.' Ad-
dress box 2504. Call office.
OLIVES— Attention to farmers; any quantity
of olives will be bought. A. DETOY m
Clementina st., S. F. '
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
Union st Send P ° Stal - CHARLES LEWIS. 611
W wl«, T SP~ To hlre 10 ° tort-claw scraper teams
STO.NirEfmh^t Pfad barS: lon Job. E. B
i ' w - v i'-^Klmhurst.
i A l^r.Hee^ 'l n " s for V" M - Weekly Call,
_ pngep, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
•"■ MONEY TO LOAN.
A movai m °n U r nt ° n furnlt^~Pi^s~^ithout- re-
back inLt.i th ? r S °° d securit Payable
owe a'" ', "bailments or as a whole; if you
Pay it £n d f^ 011 the Purchase price we wilt
*ire- avo?d ~Y7 the '2 an as lonß as >' ou (le -
vouwm be w i? P f and P ubllc ity;see us first;
Kr& t; 6 per cent; tlr*.
in estates , Wo 'i ' tat " s ? probate. Interest
mortgage* • V, nn V'%, '. lfe i nsu ranco; chattel
m ct^v- con "uentlal; advice free G F
-Pig3E^IgggLJlJ!ZL!! oor - Chronicle bldg '
1 is.
Sixth; telephone s o ,Hh v. 3 '° n 8t " ab ° VS
A sm«0 < ! e lTv^ t ;- ■-rT^: me; $50 to
A^ Y ge a s mO u^^de 6 dTn r t^\ ; s
rate; mortgages an.l legaclMibo^rtt- no !\Z
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin J.'wVlrv
Sh
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BOKELLI. Conservatory^bldg. 130 Powell at*
CASH loaned to salaried people on rote with-
out lndorser: also on diamonds: watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid"
ON real estate. Ist or 2>l mortgages, arid on
furniture or pianos; no removal- any amount-
lowest rates. BECKER. X Montgomery St. '
AT 126 Kearny, room 9, a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
TO salaried men; without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, l<?, Ph»lan big.
$SOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
MONET loaned salaried people on their note*
without lndorser. TOUSLEY. 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California St., room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $",0,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
IF your property is mortgaged arid you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT "cash raising" sale of piano* la
now going on at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.;
don't delay If you want a bargain.
ANOTHER chance for great bargains In pianos
is offered for a week at MAUVAIS 1 . 769 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and get the
low prices at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market St.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1856, and are to-day the
"best of the best." See the new styles at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for- $•
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
FORTY years in business here has placed us In
position to serve you better than most others;
a fine assortment of Hazelton and other
pianos at lowest prices; a few used pianos at
great bargains; a Steinway upright, Hard-
man, Chase Bros., Arion. Dewing Bros,
specials for this week: squares from $25 up.
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, second floor,
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest house
west cf Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
24 NEW pianos to rent; $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ CO., 560 Hayes st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
pianos; prices reduced to insure prompt sales.
W. O. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
W. B. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash. KEEFFE'S
1019 Van Ness ay*.
WANTED— 7 nquare pianos. BYRON MAUZ.Y,
30S Post st.
PIANOS at auction prices In storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. PCHMITZ, 18
McAllister St.. next Hihernia Bank.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H?
MT'T.T.T^R. !■•>"-. renali-e^. ; Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
I EMMA SPR^CKEiLT^uTidln^r92T^Jark^rBt^
j Light, "iinny offices. $12 SO to *20 ncr month.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary St., above Jones: classes;
offl-.» hours. 1 to I p. m.: -ending by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
LESLIE C. HURST will find it EreaUy^toTils
interest to write to E. W. MORANCY. ad-
-1 ministrator of F. K. HURST, deceased, Ver-
sailles, Kentucky, or to ANDREW THORNE.
Mills bids.. San Francisco. Cal. Any on»
knowing him to be alive since ISB9, or know-
Ing him to be dead, kindly notify the above.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs; country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Market St.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, brlc-a-brac, tools and
old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
IT Lederer's Quintonlca gives that beautiful
gloss to the hair: 3oc bot.; Foam Shampoo
cleanses the scalp, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER dresses the hair to suit the face, 250
only; Veda Rose Rouge gives that perfectly
natural color; easily applied: cannot harm
most delicate skin; 60c box. 123 Stockton st.
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75- pants
$3 75. or overcoats, $12 50; made to order;
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co., 1644 Market st., St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, , Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, | and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., : Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; lf)0 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to an. from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges, jewelry,
clothing, etc., for amount loaned and lnter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates- 10
years' experience; J. 8.. box 2SSB. Call office.
ONLY store that buys old gold jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third st.; send postal.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-.
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st.. near Mission.
V lT «^l° Order on **"* installment?. I*
LKMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth:
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work in all branches:
examination free. 719 Market st.. rm t& 3-
P '-- I £. TING and Paper hanging; rooms papered,
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 308 Sixth St.
MRS. L.J. WHEELOCKhas removed Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446^
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors. 23S Kearny st., first floor, room 2-3-
MRS. BENNETT. 1165 Mission— Cancer cure •
days; no knife, no caustics; references.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy at.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop- goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs of fine furs and seal
garments ; also remodeling. 104 Kearny •*.TKHSO-NALS.
IF you - Ist full value for yt*jr «»t^t"3otn^
Ing. call on B. COHEN, 157 TWrd st.
RUPTURE; stricture cured; no knife; no lrvjee-
tlon; puarantd. Dr. Gor.lin,, F. 14 Pine.ab.Krny,
\VANTED--Old pold for manufa'lns. O. Nolte,
jowfler. 24S O'Farr»ll. bet. Powell & Maaon.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt rice; country orders our spechdty,
catalogue free. Cal; camera Co., "2 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AM) SURGEONS.
7'jH. C. C. O'DONNKLL, office and residence.
ICfIH Market Ft., bet Pixth and Seventh. I
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENTS.
f45,00*- A southwest corner en Ilyde et.; lm-
proverr.er.ts, £ hooeftsj fO-vara lot lS7:6s
IST ;6; rents ?£?»> p<T mvwith.
tCO.OCKWjnre double house, 10 rooms and bath
eav'h; {rooU condition? lot iSxttT:<; r,--th
$110 per ni^nth; Income vi be trebled
at slight expense; Post ?t., near Mason.
$16,000^-2 flats, 2 houses and I cottußes: r^nts
$123: Post *t. v near Devl«ad«ro; lot 55x
i?T:6.
jg 350_; front ho«?^s, 6 rooms and bath each,
and D rear houses, - rooms each; rents
$SS; let :SxlCs.
f6,JXH) 2 modern flats of 5 and I r^oms and
bath; rents $4f; lot 2."xUO; Stetner ft.,
rear Sutter.
SOUTH OF MARKKT INVESTMENTS.
StCOO— 3 flat?; rents $41; let 2JxSS; Moe» St.. I
near Howard.
$3,000— 2 houses In so<xl condition, block nnd a
half from Third and Market st;. ; rents
$36 per month; lot 27:4x55.
$*OPO -A flne' lot 25x75 leet near Fourth and
llo*vard sts., on north side of street! ;
present improvements 2 cottaares; ground |
alone worth the money askeJ.
$1,700—4 flat?. 4 rooms each; lot ISxSJ; near
Ninth and Harrison sts.
MISSION FLATS.
$6,000 — 4 fiat? of 4 rooms and Mth each; rents
t'2; lot "2.0x175; ca Capp st., near
7'wenty-fourth.
$4,r,0D — - flats of 4 rooms and bat^ each; rents J
$46; lot 21x100: on Florida St., rear |
Twenty-second.
We hold our regular auction sales ■
every two weeks. FVr further particu-
lars apply to
EASTOX, ELniTITXJE & CO.,
53S Market st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.'S FOR BARGAIN i! ~
Money to loan en rents.
Cash paid f n r c!ty barcair.s.
$IC6,COO— New building; rents $10.0i > 0 yearly.
$". Ot'J'— Grand oon.er; £<x>! improvements; lot
€'j feet front; block irom Tivoll,
$-io.Cf(~Grar.a investment; vicinity of Mason j
Ft.: r?:its $402.
$30,000-fStores and 12 Hats; rents $300; lot 50x
16a fe. t.
JJS.oOftf-Grand investment: lot 40xS0 feet;
block from Fourth and. Market sts.
$14.000 — Geary St., nt-ar Mason; store and lodg- ■
ing lv. use.
. fl».;:('— 3 elepant new fats: rent? $105.
$12. w0— Mason St., not far from Geary; Sj-foot '
front..'
$10,50fl — New fiats: very fine: rents $95.
$\V.'o— Market-st. flats; lot SO feet front; a
tnap.
$720*'> — Trnnsfer corner; store and 2 Cats; mort-
pa.ee $0200.
$7500— Three grand new flat?; rents $S0; near j
Powell and Bush Ets.; all rented.
$; Wo— California Ft.: 3 flats; rents $45.
$1700 — Cozy 7-room house; lot RxlOt feet; nice !
grounds; rent $18 SO.
$K0O — Three flats; all rented 118; near Powell. '■
$2ft"iO— Two flats; rents $SO.
Othor bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667
Market st
ipOO CAFH. BALACE $20 PER MONTH.
2 new B-ro houses; Just comp-lft»d:
porcelain bath tab; dome celling; brick
foundation; modern in ewry n»sp«ct; wf«t !
Eid« of -Castro St., between Twontr-eJ«rhth i
and 'Taller, l block from Mission and I
Twenty-ninth st. cars; inspect these houses I
to-£aT.
RIVERS BROS.. 2TT Montgomery Bt. j
$1S pu- nionrii. without interest— Eie^act build- j
lr.g lots on Diamond St., Castro St.. Twen- !
ty-elfi Ft. arid Valley t-t.
RIVERS BROS., 227 Montgomery st. |
t34Ofr— MODERN "-room cottace on bltuminlsied j
ttft-ct: lot 25x130; also a large 7-room hiu.se !
on Pierce St., ear HaiKht; houses built to j
suit purchases: easy terms. Inquire on prem- i
ieea:;i F. NELSON, Builder. ;
JJCO FOR' new hou;=s of o rooms and lot 50x100, 1
..in Oakland; term? $200 cash, balar.ee 53 jx?r
month; lot and house cost $12<*>. Inquire Wit
HENDRICKSON ft CO.. Cl 4 Call building.
FOR Fait — 4-room cory house: 5 foot 8 Inch .
basement; larire let and stable; electric cars. '
Z2Z T-rerity-ninth Bt.
IF you fcsive lots north of Golden Gate Park, !
\-:**- of First aye.. and you wish to nell them, |
call en W. .T. GTJNN. 410 Mnntirompry st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Hole '
13' * ACRES: must be sold: make offer; ail in |
bearing trees: 2 miles from Santa Clara; 19- j
• room house, barn, windmill, 2 wells, all im- !
plements. 0 G*=-ary St.. room 13.
1U ACRES, part fruit tref«, vegetables, hnt-
house; 4-r. house, ham, stable: 2 h'-in"-?: can
raise .c"hick(-n«; clt-ar? $75. "■ La?s. 7C3 Mrkt. ;
A— 2CG ACRES farming land near Sunol. Ala- j
meda Co.. fronting on county road; $25 per
B^r>- fir quirk sale. H. H. Crane. 410 Montsr.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING..
A FLOOR of 4 beautiful large rooms, with
nice wide hall, completely furnished for !
hoiiP^k'-ejiin*;; ga.=, hot and cold water: use !
of laundry, bathroom; telephone; new house; j
small private family; rent ree-H^nable; fine
view; healthy location; no children. 4231
.Twentieth St., bet. Castro and Collinjrwood. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha« been established at the !
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- j
tucky gtreets. Open until 9 p. m.
AX.lf.Hght rms. $6. $3; Kearny, nr. Sutter, 128 i
O'FaxreU; cor. Powell. Apply IS Grant aye.
}JI''*HANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
, dow ani* kitchen; complete for housekeeping.
CLAY, 2421". near Fillmore— lartro unfurnished
upper rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
EDDY, 604— Nicely ' shed rooms for houso-
U<*ej>lns; gunny; rood location.
EDDT, Very pleasant sunny housekeep-
'!•!£ rooms; private residence; no children.
FIFTH, v-Z— Furnished housekeeping; * con-
fj Dftctlng. $13; also tii .']-. $5 to 17.
HAIQHT, ll'r— Sunny front suite completely
fum^hf-d for hounekeeplng; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 100S— Furnished rooms, complete for
.jj housekeeping; inning water; rent r«a»onble.
LARK 3xo— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
_m^nt«; nt to S2ij per month; central.
O'FARRKLL, v-%— 3 nicely furnished hoosa-
kPfrpins riy)T-s; also elngle rooms.
POLK. 122— Furnished and unfnrnißhed houee-
k^eplac rooms; rent cheap.
BAN CARLOS aye.. 37, cor. 18th Bt.— Sunny fur-
nish"' houge|f.fif:plnif rooms very cheap.
BEVENTH 1«-One large unfurnished room:
houEekpg. ma, & suites. MRS. r lI A Hl* prop.
TWKNTY-THIKD. 310«7 r.ear noward>-2 or S
eunny furn;sfcr-<1 hs'^iig. rms. ; bath; laundry.
A BRANCH orrire for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O;<« Va-
l^n^la Ft. ■
ROOMS TO — K»irn. and I nfarn.
up-to-date new On • t I building— '"San
. Antonio": opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal crates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor at., near Market.
A— IjHUNS\VICIv HOUSE. 343 Sixth— Rooms
25e to $1 P«r n!i?ht; Jl 25 to $3 per week, and
Uffht houßekeaping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Ilni'iHike house; modern service; elevator;
bath ; rooms 50c to $1 E0 day. MRS. J. KINO.
A— "EinvORTK." clean, respectable 25c to $1
per n'.ieht $1 23 to $6 per week; light house-
keeping. 1037% Market it.
AT~Thir Waldorf, 309 Powell— Two front suites;
a!«o fiinpln room, wlthotit board.
iX'HEMIA. J29 Post — Sunny corner suite*; eln-
Kle rooms' all conveniences; gentlemen and
families: eievator;. special rates traveling men.
ISURNETT ICC Market (old No. UiH)— Fur-
nl«ned mis.. BUitcs, plriKle; also unfurnished.
"( ",hRO|,T'tN, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gats
aye.— is corner; well furn. rm>. & offices.
f'LASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Unfurn.
™hi.ihi\ CM EBltta. corwr Mason— Btewantly
furbished sunny rooms; prices reasonable-.
EDUI, 123 (United Slatf HoteD-Clety*, neal
Yxroms; $1 50 Week up'; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 473— Lorjre, bright, sunny room? two
closets; well furnished; M 2 month.
r\ ' i^. SlS— Basement room for gentleman; $3
pec month.
FOURTH, 222>4— Nncely furnished bar-window
and single rooms; moderate'; quiets
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
wlndow room for 2 young men; also houwkps.
GEARY, 217—4 unfur. rooms; modern convert.';
elegant office for dressmaker or physician.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
BT-.i Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en eulte or
ingle; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to S*. per wee-k.
HOWARD. T15— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
r.lph?d; every convenience} electric lights.
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated:
25ctft EOc per night: $1 M) to $3 per week.
MASON 213 M:— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite; $1 M per week tip.
MCALLISTER, 7024—3 nice room* for house-
keeping; also single and suites; bath; gas-.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 5^2, near Seventh— Nicely furnished
gunny front room for one or two persons^
NEW Arlington, Idls Market— furnished;
g&C day up; $2 week up; transient.
NINTH. 20. near Market— Front bay window^
suitable for 2; grate; gas; IS»
O'FARKEI.L. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; eleotrio lights; day, «rk,, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis «t.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; ro..ms, per nlaht He to $1 50: w*«k, $2
to ft; month. IS to 130; elevator on offie« floor;
room* wi;h hot, cold water; bathe.
SACRAMENTO, 13U1— Three rooms; large j-ard;
rent $T : |
SEVENTH, 192 (Olranl Rou*e>— * handsome
sunny corner rooms for physician or dentist.
SIIURMAN Apartment Hous*, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON. Nice *unny well furnished
rooms; single or en suite*
THK Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
•übsci'lptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Eta. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
52 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds 1 ought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing- at lowest rates. 205 Fourth ft.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $:'.; whitened. Fl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 819 Third.,
BAD tenant* ejected for 14; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
en 41* Montgomery "t.. rooms 0-1": tel. r.rr'i
STORAGE and warehouses.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; poods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIKRCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
OffW. 191 Pout cor. PowH: t*»l. M:.'n '.713.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— California Schuetaen Club Park.
near San Rafael, for a term of 5 years or |
more; bids will be received up to November
20, 6 p. m.. at the office cf the C. S. C. P. &
B. A.. 123 gutter st,
OTTO BURMEISTER, Secretary.
STORE to lease: Mission st., bet. First and
Second: lot 25x100: pnt in order to suit tenant.
.T. Ti''Ml'l-:TNP"'N. 57 Minna ft.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c: cuaranteed 2 years.
Th* Roy Jewelry and Optical Co." 540 K*arny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
|!SoO— 60x150, with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath: stable, windmill, tank. etc.
f £soO_ Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
and bath; near station; must be sold at one«;
worth *40oa
$2K»— Lot 40x150, on Morton et.. bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms; ]
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
— Lot 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa ;
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms; j
£00 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1452 Park st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
T'nitPil State poytrnld. for $1 per ypnr.
ALAMEOA ROO3IS AM) HOARD.
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUXhE, 1416 Bth.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
li ACRES in Oakland; up-to-date home; want
an hone;t offer. E. E. BUNCE. SOS Broad-
way, Oakland.
MODERN, nearly new, 2-story 9-room residence j
in Fruitvalt-, at corner of Champion and Nlool
aye.; only $200 cash, balance to suit; house
open to-dny.
FOR sale — New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot -'i
130; horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
tell. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND FURNISHED COTTAt.KS.
NICELY furnished 6-room cottage, with piano,
to let for this winter to adult family; refer,
ence required. 981 Poplar st., Oakland.
OAKLA.Mj FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland. :
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 8 (25c per :
chare) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. No. 527 Market St., on and after '
wedneeday, November 15, 1899. Transfer i
books will close on Thursday, November 9,
1593, at 8 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DrVIDKND Dividend No. 9 (thirty-five
cents per share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be payable
at the office of the company 327 Market Bt.,
on and after FRIDAY. November 10 1599.
Transfer books will close on SATURDAY,
November 4, 1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organised and ex-
isting under end by virtue of the laws of the
Btate of California, and having its office and
place Of business In the city and county of
"Ban Franclfico. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of Ran
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of laid corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13, I*i99, at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2, In the City Hall of tha
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for th»
hearing of raid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official neal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October 1899.
WM A. DEANE, Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
fPoHI.I
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices 6ent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the came published.
BORN.
BORN— In this city, November 6, 1599, to the
wife Of Julius A. Born, a son.
RUBENSTEIN— In this city, October 31, 1899,
to the wife of Morris Rubinstein, a son.
VAN DBRVOORT— In Irvington, November 2,
18S9, to the wife of S. B. Van Dervoort, a
daughter^
MARRIED. ~
DAVIS— CLEMENT— In Arroyo Grande, Cal.,
October 28, 1599, by Rev. C. H. Reyburn,
Arthur E. Davis and Edith Clement.
WOOD-SHORE— thin city November 1, 1899,
by the Rev. John Stephens, Alonzo B. Wood
and Alary A. Shore, both of. San Francisco. ■
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
DIED.
BWey, John Johns, Thomas 3.
■ Boulton, Mary Ellen McKenna, Margaret
Brandon, Marjraret G-. McPhee, Annie R.
Brou-ell, Frank 3. Miller Anna 3:
nelly. William Miller, Maria
Cronk, MollleAnn . Redipr. Matthew
Crowe-, Mantel Smith, Michael
J>avid, Lazarus . westerlund. Elste I>.
Duncanson, Jessie N. "Withers, Ella
Graham, J. Fi-ank Wilson, Mo.it
GresF, Jahe Lowe . \Vuepper, John A.
Knrlmßnn. John "F-. Z^igler-, Barbara .
Hilton, Charles B.
r.T'-T,F.T— in this city, November 7-, 189?, John
WrW, beloved father of Mrs. Frank Rodney^
Mr« Jesse P. Kurd and Daniel P. Bigley, a
r.stive of London, England, aged 62 years and
I month.
801 I ON —In this clty t November 6, 189*
Mary Ellen, beloved wite of Thomas Boul-
ton 'and slstft of Mrs. Hannah Hopkins and
William Dennis and the late James Moore-,
a native of Bart Francisco, aired 33 years 9
months and 4 days.
fcTFriend!" ami acquaintances are respect-
ruHx Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lor* ol Halted & Co.. 946 Mission street,
thence to Pt Rose's Church, Brannart street,
between Fourth and Fifth, where services
Will be held, Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ■ , onn
BRANUON-In this city, November ■ 6. 1899,
Mnrs«ret O . beloved wife of E. .1. Brandon,
on- : mother of Ethel and Eddie Brandon, and
daughter of Eliza and the late Michael Buck-
kv and Bister of William and Daniel Buck-
IpS-; a native of Ban Francisco, aged 27 years
' 6 months alid Acquaintances are respect-
Kriendg and acaualntancea are reopeet-
Mllv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
[Thursday), at BcSO o'clock from her late r '^, l -
-den<S\ 3 FreeJon street, thenoe to St. Rose
Church where a solemn requiem mass will
be ceT"brat^l tot the repose of her soul, com-
teenclng at B o v eloefc interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, ' » ,_.«
nurtu-r! T^-Tn this city. November 5, 1599, j
Frank T beloved »» of Frank- and Belle i
Bro"wV a native of San Francisco, aged 8
veare and M and* 'acquaintances «"• mpect-
I a.-«iualntnn.-«>3 ar* respcot-
fullv Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at i o'clock, from the residence
of his parents SIS Lombard street.
CONNELLY— In this city, November 6. 1899,
William husband of the late Catherine Con-
nelly, and father of James F. and William II
Connelly and Mrs. M. F. an also brother of
Mrp ■••:>-. James Connelly and the late
Catherine Ford, a native of Queens County,
lT trr\^J^" r nX take place this day
rwtdneeday, at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. M. Ekhji. 22
Alleen avenue, off Fifteenth street, between
Guerrero and Dolores streets, thence to Mis-
sion lores Church for services, commencing
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRONK-ln this city, November 6, 1599, Mol-
lie \nn Cronk, dearly beloved wife of Mr*il
J. Cronk. loving mother of Francis Eugene
Cronk, daughter of Mrs. Catherine Collins,
and sister of Thomas. John George, Katie
and the late James r.nd William Collins, a
native of San Francisco, Rffed 85 years 2
months and 10 days.
fTTThft funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lor's of tlie ntner & Quntl Undertaklns
Corr.panv, S nnd 10 City Hall square, thence
to Mission Dolorq Church, corner Sixteenth
md Dolores streets, Par services commencing
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROWE— In this city, November 7, IS9B, Daniel,
beloved brother of Lizzie Crowe and Mrs.
Thomas J. Scriven, and nephew of Martin
Ryan a native of the parish of Shrough,
County Tlpperary, Ireland, e«r«si 28 years.
C""" Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 8:S0 o'clock, from the parlors
of J c O'Connor & Co., T«7 Mission street,
thence to Pt. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem hivh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his foul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVID— In this city, November 7. 1539, Lazarus
David, a native of Poland.
DVN'CANSON— In this city, November 6 1899,
Jessie N., beloved daughter of John and Jes-
i.» Duncanson, and sister of Jeanie Duncan-
pon. a nativa of San Francisco, aged 10 years
and 6 months.
Friends &nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 646 Wisconsin street.
Intprmpnt Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city, November 5. 1899, J.
Frank Graham, beloved husband of the late
Minnie G. Graham, and brother of A. G. Gra-
ham, a native of Utah, aged 29 years.
GHEGG— In this city, November 8, ISM, Jane
Lowe Gregg, beloved mother of Alice. C,
Frank W. and Charlotte A. Gregg, a native
of Missouri, aced 71 years 2 months and 21
irypriends are Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from
her late residence. 2110 Polk street. Inter-
ment private,
HAKTMANN— In this city, November 8, 1593.
John F.. beloved . husband of Emma Hart-
mann, and father of Katie, Carrie, Gussie,
Anna, Charlie and Willie Hartmann, a na-
tive of Wuri >mberg. Germany, aged 53 years
II months and 1G days.
Our darling father has left us.
Our loss we deeoly feel.
An I often in the future
Will sad memories o'er us steal.
For days that have departed.
Our hearts will heave a sleh.
For he who shared our pleasures
lias gone to the home on high.
Farewell, lear father, forever;
On earth we'll meet no more.
But may we meet with angels bright
On that sweet, heavenly shore.
ANNIE.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 221 Twenty-eighth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HILTON— In this city. November — . 1899,
Charles 8., beloved husband of Winifred Hil-
ton and father of F. C. Hilton, and beloved
brother of Mrs. Martha Peacock, and beloved
stepfather of F. J. • ...hran, a native of Can-
pda. aged 72 years.
JOHNS— In this city, November 6, IS9B, Thomas
J., beloved husband of Elizabeth Johns, and
father of Mary Johns, a native of Cornwall,
England, aged 51 years '.< months and 11 days,
(liutte City and Eureka City, New, papers
please copy.)
IDTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursdav^ at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
McKENNA— In this city, November 7, 1599,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Sylvester
McKenna, and mother of Daniel S. McKenna,
a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
(C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1477 Valencia street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross O-metery.
McPHEE— In this city, November 7, 1*99, Annie
li., wife of the late Malcolm MePhee, and
mother of Mary, Duncan, Malcolm and the
late Rose MePhee, a native of New York,
aged 49 years.
!C?*Tho funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 110 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
MILLER— In Oakland, November 6, 1599, Anna
J. Miller, wife of John S. Miller, and mother
of A. S. Miller and Charles Miller, a native
of Providence, R. 1., aged 73 years.
MOLLER— In this city, November '' 1899, Maria
Moller, beloved wife of Peter Moller, a nativa
of Hanover, Germany, aged 60 years and 13
days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REDING— In this city. November 7, 1899,
Matthew- Reding, dearly beloved son of John
P. and Mary Reding, and brother of Nicholas,
Theodor and Charles Reding, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 11 months and 9 days.
SMITH— In this city, November 7, 1899, Michael,
beloved husband of Catherine Smith, a native
of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 57 years 8
months and 4 days.
WESTERLUND— In this city, November 7.
1899 Elsie L., beloved daughter of A. E. and
Johanna Westerlund, and sister of Esther
Westerlund. a native of Bowlder Creek, Cal.,
aged 1 year 2 months and 19 days.
WILSON— In this city, November 6, 1899, Mary
Wilson, dearly beloved wife of Frank Wilson
and sister of Mrs. John Herberger of Jack-
sonville. Or., and of the late Hughey Dough-
erty, and aunt of Mrs. E. Webb and of Mrs.
j O'Shaughnessy and Alice Dougherty, a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 60 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3112 Webster street, between Green-
wich and Lombard, thence to St. Bridget's
Church, corner Broadway and Van Ness ave-
nue, for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WITHERS— In this city, November 6, ISO 9. Ella,
beloved wife of M. Withers, and mother of
George Withers, and daughter of Edwin and
the late Susan Rabjohn, ana sister of Mrs. J.
Peters, Mrs. O. H. Harvey, Mrs. W. A. Bt-
ting and the late Mrs. Charles Lieb, Edwin
Jr., Thomas H. and C. A. Rabjohn, a native
of Wisconsin, aged 45 years 1 month and 18
days.
(nJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), ' at Napa City, Ca-1., on the ar-
rival of the ' morning train from San Fran-
cisco. Remains at the funeral parlors of H.
C. Bunker & Co., 26G6 Mission street, Mission
Masonic Temple.
WUEPPER— In this city, November 7, 1890,
John A. Wuepper, beloved father of Mrs. E.
Barker, a native of Germany, aged 72 years
■ and 10 months.
ZEIGLER— In Baa Jone, November 6. 1599, Bar-
bara Zelgler, beloved wife of Otto Zelgler St.,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
SO Fifth i>t.. opposite Lincoln BcfaooL
Telephone South 80.
f McAVOY «fc CO., g
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & E&IBALMERS, I
I 1238 Market st., between Sth and nth. §
I Telephone South 247. I
and mother of Otto and Oscar Zeigler, a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 47 years.
tr?"FHeni3s are, respectfully Invited, to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
!>:3O o'clock; from her late residence, 242 Park
avenue, San Jose, thence to St. Josephs
Church, where a high mass will be said at
10 o'clock,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John L, Dono«ue to James M. Woodthorpe,
lot on E line of Bright, street. 175 S of Sargent.
B 25 by E lWi lot 21, block 84, City Land Asso
ciation; $l,0: .
Louise J. Thompson and Vlctorine Rae to
Annie E Poole, lot on NW corner ef Lone
Mountain avenue and Bud path, S 24, W 16,
N 27. E 16 {quitclaim deed)- $1
Odd Fellows' Ctenietery Association to John
Peterson lot 28, plat '", Omega Section; $250-.
Rosa Rosenfeld to Louis McLane Jr., lot on
B line of Spruce street, C2:SV* S of Clay, S 50 by
E 87!6; $10-
Horace J. and Elizabeth W-. Moody (by Henry
8. Martin Sheriff) to George W. Frlnk, lot on
NE corner of First avenue and Washington
street X 257, E 205, S 237:6, W 190; $2014.
Mary E Kottanei to Vittorlo Rattui, lot on
Si: eotner of Twenty-third and Bryant streets,
E 50 by S 104 s $10.
Isabella, Henry L., Helen and Lawrence E.
Van Winkle, Alk;e D. Gould (Van Winkle) wife
of James G., Isabella M. Romalne (Van Win
kle), wife of William, Ada Hiller (Van Win
kle), wife of Frederick, to Joseph Haber, lot
on X line of Sansome street, 87 S of Bush, S
41:2 by E 97, subject to party wall agreement
In 8 Cow 08; $10,
Michele Tanne to Aneelo and Metilde Demar
tlnl, let on W line of Vincent etreet, 117:6 N of
Green, N 20 by W 67:6; $10.
Caroline R. Blumenberg (wife of B. P.) to
Twinkling Star Improvement Company (corpo
ration), lot on E line of Stockton street, 69:6 N
of Jackson, N 34 by E SO; $1.
Eugene 11. or Euglne and Marie E. Campion
to Rose Constant, lot on N line of California
street, 58 E of Sellna place. E £5 by N 97:6, and
right of way in 44 Cow 38; $10.
William Sullivan to Ellen Sullivan lot on N
line of Washington street, 87:6 B of Hyde, 15
23, X 137:6, W 25, S 137:6, W 25, 3 137:6; gift.
Ame Speck to Elena E. Rodlfer (wife of Rob
ert E,), lot on SE line of Clementina street,
110 XE of Fourth, NB 40 by SE 60; $10. \
Elena E. Rodifer (Lester) and Robert E. Rod
lfer to Mary S. Burnett, same; $10.
Kittle and John A. Larson to John A. Weo
toh, lot on NW line of Clary street, 800 SW
of Fourth. SW 25 by NW 80; $10.
Martha M, Porter to Albert M. Armstrong,
lot on NW- line of Brannan street, 100 NE of
Sixth, NE 25 by NW 110: $10.
Patrick and Ettle O'Gara to William W. Red
nail, lot on E line of San Bruno avenue (Ne
braska), 100 So INlneteenth (Butte). S 25 by B
100; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Marcus
Tonke and George Stark, lot on W Una of Ver
mont street, 23 N of Twentieth (Napa), N 26 by
W 100; $10.
Spencer C. Buckbee to Benjamin 11. Llohten-
Bteln, lot on SW corner of Forty-fourth avenue
and li street, W 240 by S 600; $10.
Estate of Adolpb Sutro (by Willarn R. 11.
Adamson and Emma L. Merritt, executors) to
same, Outside Lands G25, bounded N by H
street. E by Forty-fourth avenue, S by I street,
and W by Forty-fifth avenue; $6500.
Joseph W. and Elsie A. Mayder to Georglen
. B. Hopkins (wife of James L.^lot on E line of ;
Stanyan street, 25 N oi Eighteenth, N 25, E |
135:2, S 4 degrees 50 minutes E 25:0Vi. W 137:7,
lot Si, block 4, Subdivision No. 1. Clarendon
: Heights; $10.
Henry I'roll to Bertha Proll (wife of Henry),
lot on SW corner of Laxkln and Clay streets, :
W ICO by S 27:&; gift.
Henry Elliot (by H. M. Covert, commissioner)
to Isaac A. Goldman, lot on S line of Chestnut
street, 03:9 E of Polk. E 65:9 by S 137:6; $2055.
Cord Wrede (by Murray F. Vandall, commis
sioner) to Mary A. Healy. lot on N line of Pine
Ftreet, 100 E of Buchanan, E 87:6 by N 137:6;
{SM'O.
Catherine McCormick Gang to John S. Gang,
lot on line of Frederick street. 125 E from
Stanyan, the E 23 i>y 137:6 feet, as of record in
; vol. 40, page 32, block subdivision 251, as per
• Tax Collector's. Nov. 15. 1897; $1.
Luco C. Jancovlch to Benjamin F. Johnson,
lot on .-: line of CliDper street. ICO E of Dia
i mond, E 60 by S 114; $10.
Benjamin F. Johrsou to Luco C. Jancovlch,
lot on S line of Clipper street, 160 E of Doug
lass, E SO by S 114; HO.
Estate of Lewis Sol r (by Adolph and Emlle
Soher, administrators) to Mary H. Knoflach,
lot on S line of Bush street, 137:6 E of Larkin,
E 30 by S 187:6; $6000.
; Estate of Mary S. Reynolds (by William P.
i Puller, administrator) to Margaret H. Fuller,
undivided half of lot on E corner of Mission
ami Fremont streets, NE 68:9 by si-; 137:6; $6000.
Patrick Bradley to Ellen Bradley, lot on NB
line of Seventh street, 75 SB of Brannan. SE
£3 by XU 80: gift.
Margaret Conway to J. J. Raver, lot on W
line of Utah street, 262:6 S of Alameda, S 46
i by W 100; $10.
"Solomon and Dora Getz to A. Ludlum Hill,
lot on B line of II street, 57:6 X of Ninth ave
nue, E 27, by S 100; $10.
Mary M B. Martin to J. E. and Josephine
Clark, lot on S lino of L street, 82:6 W of
'■ Tenth avenue, v, 23 by S 100; $10.
Thomas V. and Kate C. O'Brien to Peter
Dean lot on E line of Porter street, 100 S of
Worden. S 193:4, E 47:7%, Ml point, thence
84 to beginning, block 22. West End Map 2; $10.
Edward Rafferty to Susan Rafferty, lot on
N line of Russia Rtreet, 23 E of London, E 50
liy ■■ 100, block 11, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Thomas R. Simpson to James A. Simpson,
all interest in estate of James Simpson, except
lecacy In will; $200. _
William and Jennie Wolf to Henry Levy, lot
on X line of Ellis street, 112:6 W of Franklin,
W 25 by X 137:6; $13,000.
George S. and Ollie E. Crim to Etienne Joul
lln lot on W line of Florida street, 202 S of
Twenty-third. S 2:. by W 100; $10.
Edward M. and Annie E. Long to James H.
Doran lot on SW corner of Army and Dolores
streets, S 33 by W 90; $10.
Behrend and Anna Joost (by B. P. Oliver,
commissioner) to Bank of California, lot on
SW corner of Valley and Ellen streets, E 203:8
by S 114; $1000. ,
H Heynemann to Anna Spencer, lot on E
lino of Mason street, 96:8 N of Vallejo, E 60 by
N 20; $5.
A dele M. Pick to same, same; $10.
Ernst and Isabel D. Haquette to Ernest
Brand lot on N line of O'Farrell street, 103:1&
E of nworth, E 34:4% by X 137:6; $10.
Michael and Mary Gehagan to Ruby Hill
Vineyard Com] my (corporation), lot on NW
corner of Leavenworth and Jackson streets, W
73:10% by N 2.':2%: $10.
Catherine and Donald Ross to Albert M. Arm
strong, lot on NW corner of Brannan street,
100 NE of Sixth, NB 25 by NW 110; also
property outside of county; $500.
I Jacob and Llna Heyman to Thomas G. Cush-
I man lot on W line of Twenty-eighth avenue,
150 X of .1 street, X 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Margaret Prouty, lot on W line of
Twenty-eighth avenue, 175 X of J street, X 25
by W 120; $10.
John D. Miley to Sarah H. Mlley, lot on NW
corner of Forty-fifth avenue and T street, X
100 by W 57:6; $10.
Roman Catholic Archbishop of Ban Fran
cisco (a corporation sole) to C. E. Hanson, lot
on SW line of Cotter street 125 NW of Mis
sion. NW 25 by SW 100, Academy Tract; $475.
Kate McGorray to C. W. Miller, lot 1, block
1 1202, Felton Tract Homestead Association; $10.
Estate of Thomas Robinson (by William Hole,
administrator) to Vitus Miller, lot on XE cor
m-r of GuttPnbersr and Hannover streets, n 261,
E 1*54:1, S 2-3, W 2<!7:3;57H0.
Lakeview and Sunnyside Improvement Com
pany (a corporation) to Connor & Perry Trust
and Investment Company, lots 5 to 23, 35 to 40,
blook 6 lots 22 to 27 and 30. block 2, lots 16
to 22 : to 42. block 15, lots 17 to 20, 40 to 44,
block 21 lot 11. block 26, lots 2 to 10, 27:7 of S
line of lot 11. block 33, lots 14, 15, 39 to 42, block
23 lots 30, 32 and 33, block in, iota 34 to 30, :
block 31. Lakeview Tract (quitclaim feed); $10. '
Same to Nellie M. Connor, lots 41 to 44, block
G lots 1 to 6, block 21. lots 20 to 25, block 28,
lots 23 and 24, block 31, lots 11, 14 and 15, |
block 32, same (quitclaim deed); $10.
Same to Winifred A. Perry (wife of Ray
mond) lots 45 to 48, block 21, lots 11 to 15,
block 23, lots 18 to 20, block 20, lots 20 to 22.
block 31 lots 6 to 10, block 32, same (quitclaim
deed); $!<>.• . _
Alameda County.
Frank and Marie E. Underwood to William
W. Chapman, lot on E line of Magnolia street,
117 Sof Sixteenth, S4oby E 123:3, block 587.
Oakland; $10.
Ethel M. and James C. Donald to Margaret
Ton, hard, lot on S line of Charming way, 165
W of Audubon street, W 45 by S 135, lot 19,
j Map of Bell property, Berkeley; $10.
W W. Chapman to Marie B. Underwood, lot
on E line of Spi Hiding avenue, 93:10 S of Ban
croft way, S 50 by E 129.25. being portion of
lots 8 and 6, block 4, Spauldlng tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Joseph Roenner to Josephine Roenner, undi
vided one-half Interest in lot on SE corner
High etreet, 44 SW of Commercial, SW 40 by
SE 116, lot 4, Howard tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift.
. W C (as attorney) and Mattie C. Blssell (by
attorney) to Elroy C. BlSßell, lots 28 to 32, Bor
tree tract. Brooklyn Township; also lot 6, block
A Suburban Tract; also lot 8. block 18, Shat
tuck" Tract, Map 6; all 1 Jots 1 and 14, block
23 lots 2 E- and 6, block 24, and lots 1, 2 and 3,
block 23. Shattuck Tract, Map 6; also lot 4,
block D, Newbury Tract, Berkeley; $10,
Jason and Ida B. Smith (by W. B. Harlow,
commissioner) to Minnie Bell Briggs, lot on
N line of Railroad avenue, 103:7 Vi W of Willow
street W 24:8 by N 100:4%. being portion of lot
9 block 25, Map of Lands of Oakland Point
Railroad Ferry Landing, Oakland; $705.
Edward L. and Caroline B. Glfford and James
Alva Watt (by W. S. Harlow commissioner) to
Fidelity Building and Loan Association, lot on
W line of Kennedy street, 50 S of Dennlson, 3
60 by W 100, block D, Shell Mound Tract, East
Oakland; $2000.
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P. A.
Prather (by Thomas Frather, attorney) to Nich
olas A. Acker, lot on S corner of Palm and
Euclid avenue, SE 150 by SW 125. NW 113.96, NE
130 9 to beginning, being lots 1 and 2, block 7,
Subdivision 1 of Adams Point Property, Oak-
a Cofnelia and Walter Welsh to Arthur T.
Piercy lot on line of Nineteenth street, 68:10
E of Market, E 32:6 by N 100. being portion of
lots 1 and 2, block O, Barnes Tract, Oakland;
Lajos V. Perhacs to Edgar D. Peixotto, lot
16 block R. Paradise Park, Oakland; $10.
Charles W. Bolles to Alexander Martin, S
33-4 feet of lot 6 on Map of Subdivision of lots
Hand 15 as per Survey No. $21 made for H. c.
1,..., LOO-acre Tract. Oakland; $10.
Mrs. Charles W. Bollee and Emma H. Eh
mann to same, lot on N line of East
Twentieth street, 3.-,0 W of Twenty-fourth ave
nue W 50 by N 160, East Oakland; $10.
Hanora A. O'Gara to Jane Helvers (In trust
for Ethel M., MaJbol A. and Charlotte B.
O'Gara) lot on W line of Pleasant Valley ave
nue, 75 S of Linda avenue, 6 50 by W 125, being |
lots 6 and T, block C, Falrrlew tract Oakland
Townshln: also lot ph S line of Fifth street.
100 E of Franklin, M 23 by S 100, being lot 1&.
block 41, Oakland; $10;
Hugh and Anna S. Hogran to Frank SUva, lot
beginning at a bolrit On Kennedy street 146 N
from NE corner of Dennlsort and Kennedy
streets, E 100 by N 30, East Oakland; *10.
Arthur T; arid Jessie A. Flerqy to Cornelia
Welsh (wife of Walter Welsh), lot 9, block 1,
Grove-street Line tract, Berkeley $18,
David F. ahd Cathe Barry ana Lafayette
Brooks (by A, W: Bishop, commissioner) to
Helena M. Tucker, let on B line of Alcatraz
avenue- 150 E, ot Paradise street. E 50 S 132.97,
W 50, IS 182:71), bring lot 4, block O Paradise
Park; Berkeley'; $1301.
Fred. A. McNally to Andreas O ; Waaland, the
P H of lots 18 to 22, block 48, tract B, Berkeley
Land ahd Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley j $10.
A. Olsen to Inga T, Waaland (wife of An
dreas Waala"nd), lot on W line of Sixth street,,
202 ; d Nof Jones, W 130, 8 23, Eto a point 10*
Inches W from center of the !-lnch bored, well
Bunk on line between lots 14 and 19, block ii,
tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, thence S 10 Inches, E 20
inches, X 10 Inches, E to W line of Sixth street,
N 23 feet to beginning, being lot 14 and portion
of lot 15, block 46, tract B, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, Berkeley; $1000.
C. A Davis to Mary M. Davis, lot on W line
of Park avenue, 48:1 9 from NE corner lot A,
block 20, Alameda Park Homestead. S 48:1, NW
157:11, NE 48:6, SE 15T:l« to beginning, being
portion of lots A and B, blook 20, Alameda
Park Homestead, Alameda; $10.
George L and Elisabeth Q. Birkmaler to
Edith C. Sedgley, John KelsO and Edwin B.
Mastlck (trustees estate of Rosetta A. Sedg
ley), lot on BW corner of Versailles and Lincoln
avenues, 3 70 by W 141, block 8, Hays and
Caperton tract, Alameda; $10.
Mary F. Orrlok to Myron T. Holoomb, lot on
Xi: corner of Grove and Thirty-seventh streets,
X 17.50 by B 125, being lot 4, block a. Apgar
Tract, and portion of plat 37, Rancho V and D,
Peralta, Oakland, $10. ■' _
James U. and Lydia Ann Francis and F. D.
El well (by .1. B. Lanktree, commissioner) to
James E. Damon, lot on E line pf Linden
street, 234:4 N of Twenty-fourth street, N 66:8
by E 123, being portion of lots 5 and 6. block X,
Map of Northern Extension of Oakland; $3587.
John Lowe to Herman Murphy, lot on W line
of Louise street, 275 N of B, X 25 by W 133, be
ing subdivision D in lot 10, block 799. Watts
Tract Map 2, Oakland; $10.
Mary H. and Edward T. Maxey to Joanna M.
Driscoli lot on S line of Spring street, 170 E
of Adeline, B 50 by S OS, being lots 77 and 78,
Kimball Tract. Oakland; $10.
J. H. and Mary E. Badger to Mary H.
Maxey, wife of Edward T.. lot on SW line of
Third street, 25 W of Lewis. W 60, S 67.84, SB
62.89, N 81.79 to beginning, being portion of lota
2 and 8. block I. Bay View Homestead. Oak
land; $10.
Ellen McMurray, Charles F. and Gussle Hunt
and William McMurray Weighel to Robert Mc-
Murray Hunt, all Interest In block of land situ
ated on Nineteenth avenue and Nineteenth
street, being SOO feet square and known a3 blocK
48, San Antonio, East Oakland;- $5.
Albert S. Woodbrldge, to Clara A. White,
wife of J. G., lot on N corner of Lincoln avenue
and Spruce street, E 44 by N 140, being lot 14
and W 44 feet of lot 15, block C, Clinton Mound
Tract, East Oakland; also lot on NE corner of
Prospect avenue and Spruce street, E 132 by N
2SO, being lots 1, 2, 3, 12. 13. 14, 15, 16. block G,
same; gift.
Kate M, Stoney (by Donzel Stoney, attorney)
to Louisa A. Montague, lot 6. block 21, Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley; $400,
Sarah M. and J. K. McLean to Alfred Pome
roy, lot on S line of Durant avenue. 225 W of
Fulton street, W 20 by S 130, being the W half
of lot 39. Mock 14. College Homestead Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Etta B. and A. I. Goodfrlend to same, lot on
S line of Durant avenue, 245 W of Fulton street,
W 40 by S 130, lot 37. block 14, same; $10.
Martin A. and Margaret Welsh to James "W.
Welsh, lot 3. block J. Curtis & Williams Tract,
Oakland: gift.
Homestead and Loan Association of Berkeley
to Adam J. Trescher, lot on E line of Eighth
street, 352 X of ('banning way, E 130, N 45.41.
W 130, S 52.74 to beginning, being portion of lots
24 and 25. block 123, Corrected Map of Raymond
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. Jones to Soren Neilsen, lots 5 and 6,
block 2, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Adelaide Weldler (formerly Lawton) and
John rule (executrix and executor estate Israel
Lawton) to same, all interest in lot on SW
corner of Fifth and Washington streets, P 100
W 75. being lots 15 to IS, block 44, Oakland;
$8000.
John J. McDonald to J. Pantoskey, all same,
Oakland: $10.
Margaret White to Margaret F. Mannion, lot
on S line of Railroad avenue, 50 E of Myrtle
street, I! 25, B 105:11, W 25:3, N 102:1%, to be
ginning, block 83, Oakland; gift.
Thomas A. Downing and G. O. Cumming to
Eleanor Davis, the NW one-half of lot 48, in
plat 33, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township: $225.
G. A. Richardson to A. T. Piercy, rerecord
032 d 213, lot on S line of Derby street, 260.19
W of Grove, W 40 by S 135, being lot 9, block
1, Grove Street Line Tract, Berkeley; $10.
George and Louise J. Roeth to American
Baptist Missionary Union (a corporation) of
Massachusetts, lot on X* line of Walton (or
Thirty- fifth) street, 3.",2:3 W of West, W 40 by
N 120:3, being the W 14 feet of lot 24 and E
26 feet of lot 25, block M. Map of Lands of
Central Land Company (formerly the Brown
Tract). Oakland; $1000.
Frank Bieler to Katharlna Bieler, lot on N
corner of East Fourteenth street and Twentieth
avenue, NW 7! by NE 140. being lots 10. 11 and
12. block 21, San Antonio; also lot on SW line
of East Fourteenth street, 75 BE of Sixteenth
avenue, SE 25 by SW 140, being lot 21, block
13. same. East Oakland: gift.
Annie and Michael O'Donnell to John H. Van
Iderstlne, lot on E line of Fruitvale avenue.
100 S of Nlcol avenue, S 50 by E 150 being
lot 3. block D, De Wolf Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Jennie W. and Charles E. Snook to .Tame?
W. Foss, lots 2. 4, 6 and 8, Alta Vista Tract,
being a subdivision of lots 7. 8 and 10, Chit
temlen Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Isaac L. and Ella J. Saxton to Helen M.
Starr. lot on NW line of Walnut avenue,
2962.057 NE from XE line of county road Oak*
land to San Leandro, •NW 57.44. NW 758.34.
SW 57.44, SB 768.34, to beginning, being the
NE 57.44 feet of SW 104.837 feet of lot 13, Map
of Stone subdivision, Brooklyn Township; $10.
North Alameda Land Company (corporation)
to Nick Sutich, lots 16 and 17. block 14. North
Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Frederick Remmy to Mary C. Touby, lot on
NW line of Piedmont avenue, 546 SE of Ame
thyst street, SW 50 by XW 125, being lot 19,
and SW 20-foot lot 18, block B. Thermal Hill,
formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland; $300.
W. H. and Josephine Brommage to Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Company (a corpora
tion), lot ' a SW line of East Fifteenth street.
40 SE of Tenth avenue, SE 40 by SW 100, block
61, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Peter G. and Ella L. King to Louise M. Kee
ler (wife of C. A.), lots 14 and 15, block A,
Batchelder Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Augusta E. Gates to Eva A. Pease, lot on X
line of Seminary avenue, 177 X of Main County
Road, Oakland to San Leandro, known as
County Road No. 1525, E 50 by X 161.80, being
! its 11 and 12, Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Mary 11. and Edward T. Maxey to Eline
Spanggaard, lot 45, Corrected Map Electric
Heights Tract, Brooklyn Township; $5.
Abraham Davis to Dora Davis, beginning at
point on line dividing lots- 49 and 50, Tuttle
Homestead Tract, 115 X of Charter or Twenty
second street, W 100 by N 14:4 H. being X 14:44-
foot lots 50 and 51, Tuttle Homestead Tract,
Oakland; gift.
O. B. and Emma Frisbie (by attorney) to An
toinette Wittschen, lot on X line Thirty-second
street. IK:- W of Grove, W 25, X 124.933, E
25.11, S 112. 5P5 to beginning, being the E 25-foot
lot 9 block G, Central Land Company, and also
being portion of block 2042, Rowland Tract,
Oakland; $1600.
50. >' G ildsby to John Beckett, lot 15,
block H. Broadway Terrace, Oakland; $300.
Henry O'Neil to Rla O'Nell. lot on N line
Caledonia avenue, 561.78 W of Telegraph ave
nue W 50 by N 143.21, portion of lots 26 and 27,
Caledonia Homestead Association, Oakland;
gift.
Catherine D. Stevens to James Townsend, lot
on NW line of Eighth avenue, 100 NE of Tenth
street, thence NE 60 by NW 100, block 19, Clin
ton. East Oakland; $10.
Adolphe Bern' to Marie Berry, lot on N line
of Harmon street, 100 E of Calais. E 50 by N
135 being lot 8, block D, Map of Subdivision
SW portion of plat IS, Peralta Ranch, Berkeley;
B Fred W. and Flora R. Farrar to Charles A.
Hooper, lot on E line of St. Charles street, 710
S of San Antonio avenue, S 100 by E 100, Ala-
G F. and Annie Broneer to John W. Tlpp,
lot beginning at a point on Estabrook street 159
feet from, EW corner of Hayward avenue and
Estabrook street, thence along S line of Esta
brook 50, thence S 269, thence at a right angle
47 thence at a right angle 252 : C to beginning,
being lot 6 of Harlan's Addition to San Leandro,
Eden Township; $2QO.
John M. Lewis to Andrew Corry, lot on E
line of Hannah street, 287:6 N of B. N 57:6 by E
133 being subdivision A in lot 4 and N half ot
subdivision D in lot 3, block 789, Watts Tract
Map 2, Oakland; $10. '
Peter and Sarah M. Thomson to Emma L.
Parker, lot on SE corner of Franklin and Delger
(or Twentieth) streets, B 45.50, E M.60, N 61.44,
,-■ 85 to beginning; $10.
William H. Irwin to George E. Pratt, lot on
NE corner of Twenty-second and Popla,r streets,
E 130 N 100, E 100, N 123:6. W 100, N 40. W 130,
S 263:6 to beginning, block 629. Oakland: $10.
I George A. Woolner to O. G. May, subdivisions
3 4, 18 and 19 of lot 6, block 23, Daley's Scenic
Park Tract. Berkeley (quitclaim deed); $1.
W. F. and R. M. O'Banion to Anna X. Force,
lot on E line of Fulton street, 51. Sof Russell,
S 50 by E 135. lot 8, block B, Suburban Tract,
Berkeley (quitclaim deed); $10.
John Lowe to Michael P. Kennedy, lot on W
line of Arch street. 240 N of Cedar, N 60 by W
134 being lot 12 In block 8, Antlsell Lots,
Berkeley (to correct 572 D. 460; $10.
Alfred Christian to Lois Barnes, wife of E.
r lot on S line of Bancroft way, 200 W of
Ellsworth street, W 50 by B 130, being the W 50
feet of E 100 feet of N half of lot 6. block 13,
Property College Homestead Association, Berke-
Andrew F. Magrane to Gustav Fricke, lots 24
Andrew F. Magrane to Gustav Fricke, lots 24
and 25 of resubdlvlsion of lots 12. 13. 29 and 30,
Kingsland Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. ;
Same to Fame, lot 26 of same; $10.
Joseph and Harriet .We9tall to Amandus
Vohss. lots 93 to S6, ' block A, Westall Tract,
Brooklyn Township; 110.
Samuel and Dora Ungar to David L. and
Miriam Wilson, lot on NE line of East Four
teenth street, 370:9 NW of Adeline. NW 25 by
NE 160, portion of lot 7, block E, Revised Map
Oak Tree Farm Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Frederick W. and Alice E. Zohfuss to Mary
E. Lowell (wife of Frank P.), lots 2 and 3, Lin
den Homestead, Oakland; $10.
John Desmond (administrator of the estate
of Ellen McDonald) to Thomas and Delia Me- i
Glnnis, lot on E line of Filbert street, 175 S
of Twenty-sixth: 5 53 by B A 25 block E, North
ern extension of Oakland, Oakland: $490.
M. L. Wurts to J{~ W) Davis, lot bit S line of
Tomjpkins street. 407:14 W of fwlnelle. B 135
by B 47:1*4, being portion or, lot 4; block T,
State University Hemestead No ; 8, Berkeley;
$200-.
Same to W» A: Tennaut, lot on 8 line Qf
Tompkins street, 407.iiV4 w of Dwindle, .8 185,
W 5T:4, E 4Tjl£fe to beginning, being portion at
lot i. block T, same; Berkeley j JSS'!-
Celestine and John Marchi To Samuel T.
Alexander, lot on NW corner of W Third and
Linden streets, W 64 by N 113. being lots 1 and
2, block 479, Map of Adeline ana Market street
Homestead, Oakland; $10.
. Louise Rousseau and. Eugene and Freda Bel
rose (by W. S. HarloWi commissioner) to Fred
erick J. Hund and C. Heinz (executors of estate
of Elisabetha Metzger, lot on NE corner of
Grove and Second streets, N 100 by E T5, being
lots 1 to 4, block 22, Oakland i 11635,
Robert and Clara A. Riddle to Joseph Pi
Dieves, lot on W line of Center street 54 N of
Thirteenth, N 25 by W 100, being lot 6, block
A-660i Peralta and Center-street lands, Oak
land J10; ■ .
H. L. Holcomb and E, P. and Elisabeth Cook
to Wi A. Forbes, lot 14, block L, Thermal Hill,
formerly the Howe Tract, Oakland! $11).
H. L. Holcomb to same, lot 15, block L, same,
Oakland t $10.
• Same to G. T. Burtchaell, lot on NW line of
Howe street, distant NE 433.34 from N line of
Moss avenue, and also NE 56.14 from 8 corner
of lot 2,, Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe
Tract, NE 48.13, NW 83.03, BW 47.75, BE 73.33 to
beginning, being portion lots 20 and 27, Bame
tract, Oakland; $10.
Maud Es Grenell to Anthony G, Hoffman, lot
on W line of Chestnut street, 275 N of tThlrty
fourth, N 25 by W 132, being portion lot 10,
block 652, Watts Tract, Map 8, Oakland! $10.
Robert and Rebecca Sanderson to Gabriel
Pandprson, lot on E line of Broadway, 525 X
of Twentieth or Delger street, N 25, E
149.10, S 25.53, W 155.60 to be&lnnlnsr, being por
tion lot 7, block E, Wllco* place, Oakland: $10.
Bame to same, lot on E line of Broadway,
250 N of Twentieth or Delger street, N 48.915,
E 138.40, 8 50.r,4. W 149.10 to beginning, being
portion lot 8, block E, Wllcox place, subject to
right of way along a strip 4 feet wide extend
ing E from Broadway 20 feet from NE corner
of above described property, Oakland: $10.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Roosevelt
Johnson, lot on S line of Fortieth street, 250 W
of Telegraph avenue. W 43 by S 100, being lit
13, block 2080, Map of estate of John Evoy, In
plot 36, Ranch V. and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
Edward M. and Harriet B. Walsh to John
D. French, lota 9 and 10, block B on Map of
Resubdivision of blocks A to F, Roberts and
Wolfskin Tract, Map 3, Oakland; $10.
John Joseph Farrell to Henry Wleklngr, lot
I on BW corner of Grove and Twenty-seventh
streets, S 45 by W 90, being lots 29 and 30. block
2021, Whltcher Tract, Map. 2, Oakland; $10.
John D. (and as attorney) and Mary A.
j French (by attorney) to Edward M. Walsh, lot
i on NE line of Olive avenue, 381.88 NW of North
Oakland avenue, NW 60 by NE 100, being lots
85 and 36, block C, Sather Tract,. Oakland
Township; $10.
Thomas F. Healey to Philip P. J. Lawler, lot
on 8 line of Delaware street, 250 E of Califor
nia. E 50 by S 137, being lot 24, on Subdivision
Map of range 14, Hardy Tract Berkeley; $300.
Bailie M. • Myers to Robert Hawxhurst, lot on
S line of Durant avenue, SOO W of Audobon
street, W 60 by S 130, being portion* of lots 2
and 3, block 9, Map of property of College i
Association, Berkeley; $1500.
N. J. Sweeney to Pauline Sweeney, lot 7,
block E, Melrose Station Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Eureka Loan Association (corporation) to
! Helena Forsyth (wife of William C.), lot on N
i line of Enclnal avenue, 300 E of High street,
E 25 by N 110, being portion of lot 7, Hlrsch
feld Tract, Alameda; $10,
Philip Anspacher to Howard B. Klmball, lots
14 and 15, block A, Anspacher Tract, being por
tion of Resubdlvlsion of Hayward Tract, Eden
Township; $10.
I E. S. Fergodo to Jane Foot* Martin, lot 3
I and E % of BW H of section 18, Township j
12 S, range 2E, Murray Township; also lots |
1 and 2 and E % of NW % of section Is,
Township 2 S. rang c 2 E, Murray Township,
' containing 160 acres and being in Alameda and
I Contra Costa counties; $10.
I T. W. Harris to Standard Electric Company
! of California (a corporation), a right of way to
■! erect electric poles, etc., on a portion of Plot 3,
Rancho El Valle de San Jose, bounded on the N
i by lands of E. R. Llllenthal and lands of F.
! Schwer, E by the Vailed road and S and
I W by lands of the the estate of A. Bernal,
Murray Township; grant.
H L Holcomb to J. V. Embury, lot on NW
corner of Howe street, 365 SW of Amethyst,
SW 40. NW 145, NE 40, SE 152:1 to beginning,
being lot 13 and NE 10 feet of lot 14. block C.
1 Thermal Hill, formerly the Howe Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Meyerand Mathilda Cohn to Jennie E. Man
uel (wife of G. W.), lot on NW corner of Ho
bart or Twenty-first street and Broadway, W
: 172:4, X 160, E 84:8, S 28:11, E 125. S 95, to be
j ginning, being lots 12, 20 and 21, block D, Wil
! cox place, Oakland; $10.
Manuel M. and Anna M. da Sorrelcao to
' Adelaide Jacobs lot on SW corner of Boehmer
street, 106.43 NW of Park. NW 25 by SW 100,
being lot 5, block 24, North Alameda Tract,
East Oakland; $10.
i James L. and Mary C. Baker to Edward S.
I Blaekwell, lot on E line of Grove street, form
erly Sherman, 135.4S N of Dwlght way, E 135, N
45, W 131. S 45.16 to beginning, portion lot
21, block 6. on Amended Map of blocks 5 and
6, Barker Tract. Berkeley; $100.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Edward and
Mathilda Jensen, lot on E line of Byron street.
260 S of Allston way. S 40 by E 120, being lot
29. block H. Bryant Tract. Berkeley; $3.
M. W. and Mattie Davis, William A. and
Mary O. Tennant to George K. Holloway, lot 4,
Mock 7, State University Homestead Associa
tion No. 3, Berkeley; $10.
Ernest S. and Margaret E. Angel to Helen A. !
Stewart, 160 acres, being the SE 14 of section
20, Township 4S, range 3 E, Murray Town
ship; $10. .
Builders' Contracts.
I. J. Mum a and Lawrence Kaarsberg (repre
senting Associated Students of University of
California) and O. C. Letter and F. L. Berry
: (representing Associated Students of Stanford
; University, owners) with Andrew Wilkle, con
' tractor, architect Grandstands, incline,
boxes, admission and ticket gates, fences^ aisles
i and partitions on Mechanics' Institute grounds,
, bounded on N by Fifteenth street, E by Harri
! son, S by Sixteenth and W by Folsom; total
i $3000.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Moltzer, Ft Reyer T R Huber, N T
G R Lovejny, Cal Mrs C Bishop & p. H I
J Jones, Lodl Miss II Church, L Ang
E Miller & s, Sktn L II Guthrle, Denver
L J Garver, Haywards Q M Bowers & w, Ariz
L Green, Petaluma J A Cameron, Minn
C X Hollster, Cal W E Dent & w. S Jose
H Armstrong &dB, Colos G Miller, Sktn
W T Bull. Racine '■ E G Eldridge, Sktn
T Robinson, Snelling L C Ashbrook. Denver
G Wilson, Snelllng J M Ashbrook, Denver
A J Cook, Oakland : F S Smith, Denver
H T Macdonald. S L ''II Sperry &w, Pktn
Mrs Herman, Sacto E L Waehburn N M
C C McCulough, Phlla Mrs E S Gilbert, Chic
Miss Roberts. Oakland Mrs T J Gilbert. Chic
J W Lovett, O j Mrs T Duffy & s. Cal
J H Crawford & \v, H I W G Miller, USA
J E Dunn, Honolulu j C H Lovett. Cal
I" Gynne, Honolulu H C Armstrong-, Cal
H Thayer, Marin H J Budd, Knoxvllle
J E Crew, Cal C Stock?, Grass Valley
S R Rose, w & s. H I W M' Worhtnis. Sktn
Miss Chaffee. Honolulu 'F FiUgerald. Sktn
T W O'Neil, Sacto :R W Russell, Sktn
W B Dunn, Portland D W Burchard PJose
It C Shaw. Cal 'T R Powers, 8 Cruz
PALACE HOTEL.
T E Maupsius. Mexico (> Lauman, Spokane
J O Knight, L Ang F O Chamberlain, Cal
P C Rousse. L Angr P B Jarboe 8 Mateo '
H A Baker, N T ! s J Bradley, N Mcx
j F Bchoor. Memphis F M Pnlu , p - &AX s N
W A Kerner &v. Ryde p w Bart V Wash w
F C fiver, NY w R Jerome, Chicago
8 ?i c !T et h, I ? l "s i} a F F Wills. Boston
A Frledenthal. Berlin : A Mac Arthur. U S N
It V Ellis. Hanford H I Barbey & d N V
W M Graham, Hanfordj P Plum J & d N T
R B Stanton, Pa ! Mrs Seton, N V '
H Stahler. Colombia Mdc p urtales & w XT
J Whitcomb &w. Mass s c Deake> Chicago
J Rosere, Chicago D c O'Reilly, Or
J B Creagh, Pa |w H Romaine, N T
G E Goodman Jr. Cal H W Jensen, U 9 N
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P F Martin, Pa Cruz D Spelman, San Diego
E E Jones, Stockton I A A Marshall, Nevada
W M Norton, NY T A Carlson, Chicago
P Buslne, Hornitas J F Shultz, Los Ang
R Busine, Hornitas F M Taggart & w, Cal
J Jieha & w, Cal Miss E Dutcher, Los A
P A Madden, Chicago Mrs Montgomery, Cal
\V G Henley, Reno O Rudolph, Petaluma
C Moran, Marysvllle |F Tetsall, Haywards
C II Brown, Uk:ah J Fenton. Sacramento
S Hooper, Gilroy |
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 7.
Br stmr Wypfl»l<l, Cartner, 46 days from Ma
nila, via Hongkong 31 days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— SaiI." I Nov 7— Br etmr Carlisle
City and .-uitir Alcatraz, for Pun Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Sequoia,
from Fort Bragg.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Bovic, for
Liverpool; stmr Lahr, for Bremen, via South
ampton. Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Jersey City,
from Bristol, etc.; stmr Hugin, from Port de
Fuix' stmr Fontatwlle. from Guadaloupo, etc.
BREMEN— Arrived Xov 7— Stmr H. H. Meter,
from New York.
M'">Vl LlVE— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Furnessia,
from New York for Glasgow.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAIt£RS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON-MARU Saturday, Nov 25
AMERICA-MARTT Thursday, Dec £1
HONQKONO-MABU Tuesday Jan" 16
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market etreet, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF TH&
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OB 1 THE >
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MA9BA-
chusetts, on the 31st day of December, A.
1). IPOS, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provlstong
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by th» Com*
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ' $300,000 00
ASSETS. "~ '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ,$539,41100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral.. 15,000 00
Cash In Company's Office « 1,727 74
Caeh in Banks 24,224 28
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2.928 18
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 48,863 27
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, pre-
miums more than three months due. 251 CO
Total Assets — $649.408 48
LIABILITIES. ~ *
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,133 63
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense •• ••■•• 14,501 81
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lees, $138,275 82; re-
insurance 50 per cent 69,187 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $109,218 64:
re-Insurance pro rata 64.293 76
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, eto 2.832 43
All other liabilities 18,542 S3
i Total Liabilities - ...$172.149 77
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $188,037 69
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 22,618 65
Received for profit on sale of secur-
ities - 8,211 50
Total Income .$215.867 84
EXPENDITURES.
-.et amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $32,122 42 losses of previous
years) $110,499 OS
Dividends to Stockholders 18,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 41,118 28
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
I charges for officers. clerks, etc 18,374 26
j Paid for State, National and local
taxes 6,528 02
All other payments and expenditures.. 18,058 78 .
Total Expenditures $212,578 47
Losses Incurred during the year. fire.. $95,119 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of ■ Risks
written during the
year $23,983,707 $257,612 17
! Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23,064,741 243,955 95
Net amount in force
December 31, IS9S 22,384,315 247,489 46
FRANCIS PEABODT, President.
HENRY S. BEAN, Secretary. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, 1899.
/ GEO. M. AMERIGE,
Notary Public.
BAGGS & STOVEL,
General Agents Pacific Coast,
411 California Street,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
"
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
iv. * Steamers leave Broadway
"^""ty-,^ wharf, San Francisco:
1 ?->* : :-v*?*k For Alaskan ports. 10 a.
' -CJilSv m., Nov. 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 87,
JKbBStoB * >ec 2 - change at Seattle.
fcSF3s<ra<a n For Victoria, Vancouver
LSJrC^FJU (B. C). Port Townsend, Se-
ij^>sis»i»S^ii attle, Tacoma, Everett, An-
acortes and New Whatoom
(Wash.), 10 a. m., Nov. 2, 7.
12, 17, 22, 27: Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Nov.
5, 10, 18. 20, 25, 30; Dec. 6, and every fifth day
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., Nov. 4, S. 12. 16. 20, 24. 28;
Dec. 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- ■
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Nov. 2, 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. SO; Dec. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter. ■_■■ >■.■-_
For Ensenada. Mnsrdalena Bay. Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
For further information obtain company's
The' company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
and K^ir=! of <=nHlne\
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
TRE 6. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO "*
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CHOC $12 First Class Including Bert*
lAnt 88 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. 9, 13, 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4 14. 24;
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest. •
Through tickets to all points East.
A c E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & gO.^^^
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
PtoppinV at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St Paul Nov. SI St. Louis Deo. IS.
St Louis ......Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec IT.
St. Paul ........Dec. 61 New York Jan. t
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland ... Nov. S) Kensington Nov. »
Southwark Nov. 15 Noordland Dec. 8
Westernland ...Nov. 22 Frlesland Dec. IS
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight sjna
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANBATLANTIQCB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .45^
Palling every Thursday Instead of 4£*fTT3>
Saturday, from November 2, 1899, at -' ' "•"'*■
IP a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot ol
Morton it. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: tA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28: LA TOTTRAINE. Nor.
*: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; U\
TOURAINE. Nov. 80: LA BRETAGNI3. Dec 7.
Flr«t-elas» to Havre. $C 0 and upward: 5 par.
rent reduction on round trip. Second-class ta
Havre. $45: 5 per cent reduction on round trip. '
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FTTGAZI & CO.. Pa.
eifio Coast Amenta, - 6 Montgomery ava.. Saa
Francisco.
4&&fKf?lT3£&sXK!&l Tne s - s - Australia
mrT^vjSl SsHjHISL sails for Honolulu
MI jW 1 mmT Wt^^^^^ Wednesday. Nov. 15,
EM'JfOj/' L^N s - s - Alameda sails
nUfISjW SiPJirnMlinJ via Honolulu and
SBe&W (yiUMIJIIiy Auckland for Sydney
OB"** Wednesday. Nov. 29,
C - ■ w i!i wvjfcrj. a { jj p_ jjj^
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.: $610 first class.
S. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. »4 Montgomery
Pier •> p,, o P-^ifj,- ■': •r--, ■'•>'■ '"i- i^-tai St.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. _
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
HON.. Tues.. Y/ed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:41
a. m., 8:1B, 8:30 p. an. (ex. Thurs. night). T»rt-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. Nt, 1 (
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Doofc.
Pier No. i. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50* '«
y^|v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
KEAK3rr>vr ' Established
*T is f"^ ln *^'* for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Lost Manhood. Debility or !
625 HEARST «T. Established
in 1834 for the treatment of Private
Pisp;is"N, Lost Manhood Debility or
ftga^t^vgk disease wearlngon body and mind and
%?^V'>v(§3 Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswheu
toS^W^iMM others fail. Try him. Charges low
I^ftiSSWfetf 2 Care* guaranteed. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. r« UIIiBON, Box 1957, 5aa Fr&nclu>a
1314
LATEST NEWS FROM CAMPS AND TRANSPORTS
TROUBLE ON THE
REVENUE CUTTER
RICHARD RUSH
Officer Paul to Be
Court- Martialed.
HE INSULTED HIS SUPERIOR
SPLICED THE MAIN BRACE
ONCE TOO OFTEN."
fcecond Engineer Runs Amuck Aboard
Ship and Attempts to Strike the
Executive Officer, Lieu
tenant Dodge.
Second Engineer G. H. Paul of the rev
enue cutter Rush, who, according to the
statements of thi> crew, has been a dis
turbing element on the ship ever sineo he
• <1 to her, is to ha court-
Tnartialod lor disobeying- orders and at-
: 1' mptlng to assault the executive officer,
F. U. Do^it:.-.
The man, who is now practically in
disgrace among his fellow officers and for
whom the Jolly tars and the marines on
the Rufsh have no kind word, ;* a
Vif being too fond of the oup that cheers,
land the story goes that he "spliced the
main brace once too often." While the
!offlcers of the revenue cutter nre bound
the customs of their position not to
HdiPcuss such matters for publication,
enough has been learned of the trouble
state positively that the situation is a
Bert us one.
On one occasion since the Rush re
ed to port Paul's unquenchable thirst
■::e<3 control over his better judg
: • and he went on the warpath. His
erent disposition did not break out
until ho returned to the ship one night
she was lying- In thr- stream. After
rbing most or" the crew, it is stated,
lie ran into the executive officer, for
vliom the sailors say he had no great
int of affection. Hn was on
to his quarters, but refused to obey the
command. He in said to have lost com
plete ' himself and to have made
a.n attempt to striki> his superior. Several
members of the crew, who were near by,
grabbed him before he could carry his
threat i ution.
. The result of the affair is that charges
against Paul were compiled and forward
ed to Washington October 24. They were
jnade by the executive officer, Lieutenant
.Dodge. The following' board has been
appointed to try the offending officer:
Captain C. L. Hooper, president; Captain
TV. C. Caulson, Chief Engineers J. A.
Doyle and J. H. Cbalker, and Second
Lieutenant B. M. Landrey of the revenue
service. Second Lieutenant C. S. Coch
ran was named as recorder of the board
and First Lieutenant D, J. Foley has been
6elected to prosecute the offender.
The court-martial will be held on board
of the Rush as soon as Captain Hooper,
■who is stationed at Seattle, selects the
day and can arrange to come here.
Lieutenant Dodge when seen last even-
Ing on the Rush refused to enter into a
detailed discussion of the trouble. He
eaid that the charges had been nied but
would not state the nature of them.
From members of the crew, however,
It is learned that Paul has not been a
popular man aboard ship. He has been
domineering over the members of the
crew whoso stations were beneath his,
and to the officers and his superiors ne
has been a source of continual trouble.
No sympathy is expressed for him in his
present difficulty, and the crew state that
If he had received his Just deserts he
•would have been court-martialed long ago.
Captain Hooper was In Oakland Mon
day on his way to Seattle. "When Been by
a. representative of The Call he denied
by Inference that there was any trouble
on the Rush, that any of the officers had
been court-martialed or that he had been
•appointed president of the board that
■would try the charges.
THE FIRST CONCERT
OF HOLMES' QUARTET
tJOOD CHAMBER MUSIC PLAYED
INTELLIGENTLY.
Mrs. Charles Olcott Richards Was the
Vocalist and Fred Maurer Played
Accompaniments Very Well.
The loral rrnislral season Is particularly
"prosperous this year, both from an artistic
asuid financial stand;-iint. Follow
ing th^ tremendous buc<;c-.=s of the Mlnettl
Quartet comes the Holmes Quartet, and
proves by its careful work that It Ir en
titled to a prominent position In musical
'Circles. Henry Holmes is one of those
reverend musicians whose respect for ihc»
old masters 1b ho profound that they look
rather askance at th»> modern lions of
composition. This revorence does not,
however, interfere with the fine tai-re and
delicacy of execution which generally ac
companies th* recital of such adherents
-to the old school , nnd It was thi
not surprising to ;'. 'I last <■ enlng
•formity nf attack .■■ expres
sion v ■ \ng in .-x
--tirst :iji
l>eai . U table.
The programme consisted of quartet in
A. No. 3. ..p. 41 (Schumann), fragments
of a string quart el (Mendelssohn) and
string quartet in C, No. 3, op. :::: (Haydn).
Th<- Schumann quartet, with its expres
novementß, was perhaps the best
from an artistic standpoint. Its t ■
-;s of that sublimity which sur
rounds .-ill compositions that express
genuine emotion. These very emotional
teristics, which Schumann knows
bo well how to obtain, make th,-. ,;.
Impression upon the careful listener and
the quartet arrives at the ;•.■
that movement in which emotion broadens
out as if to seek th< i being im
prisoned in narrow walls, requires the
greatest accomplishment " f 'he musician.
while Mr. Holmes' Interpretation showed
an Intimate acquaintance with this class
of work, the quartet >i:il nut nave suf
ficient experience to play with tnat
mellowness of tone which form the main
requisites of an adagio movement. A.i I
I might even restrict this somewhat
harsh intonation to the violins, for the
•cello and viol.i px\r> quite a smooth tone.
The best work of the quartet was the
Mendelssohn "Fragment ," ;. : .,i especially
so the scherzo movement. This was exe
cuted with a daintiness of expression de
lightful to behold. The Haydn qu
too. received a creditable interpretation.
Th<"- first concert of the quartet entitles
it to further encouragement, and ;he
audience present accorded it a hearty
ovation.
The vocalist of the evening was Mrs.
Charles Ol'*ott Richards. I do not know
whether Mrs. Richards la a profe-
Binger. but her appearance in a chamber
r.cert subjects her to -
criticism. Her voice Is flexible and clear,
but it is morf owing to the excellent man
ner of her execution than to the quality
of her voice. In fact, Mrs. Richards'
voice nppears to be built, and WB
did this building knew his business thor
oughly. Mrs. Richards would find it a
freat ' improvement if she would use a
etter diction. For instance, If she would
let her lips get into a natural position In-
BtMd of stretching them across hor
teeth: a distinct pronunciation w>uld cer
tainly be tl • lcsult of such improvement.
Mr-. Richards sang "Mlgnon's Ued^ and
"Geheimes," by Schubert, and • Dormi
Bela. Dorml Tv," by Gio Battista Bas
eani. Fred Maura- w^the
A Sailors' Night.
The entertainment by the young men
or the United J3tatea_trainlflS &lD Hart
UNCLE SAM'S BOYS
FOUGHT THE POLICE
ATT? BOUT fifty of the members of
// \\ the Forty-sixth Regiment of
Jj — \ United States Volunteers, hav
ing been paid off on the day
before, broke loos.' on Bacon place
shortly before noon yesterday, and for
a time there was a vision of frig
• running away with poodli
•heir arms and boys in blue
ne another's head* ami
g .'.own the green blinds from
the houses in that select locality, so
that the sunlight of truth and justice
might permeate I
Lieutenant Esola at the California
street police station was notified by
telephone that a riot was in progress,
and he at once dispatched his whole
ford, to be pi yon at the Young Men ?
Christian Association Auditorium. Mason
eets, next Friday evening.
will be a nvst enjoyable ana amusing
affair, as they have arrainged a very
unique and "taking" programme. The
entertainment will consist of solos, quar
teta choruses, Instrumental music,
humorous songs and a sailor's cakewaik
for a "real" cake. The entire programme
is to be given by the men of the ship, and
Is lor the benefit of the Soung Men a
Christian Association recently organized
on the vessel in preparation for their
. ruise around the Horn.
WOMAN'S SUFFRAGE
CONVENTION TO-DAY
Election day ordinarily would not be a
very favorablo occasion for the meeting
of a convention of people without >
but in the case of the Woman's Suffrage i
Convention, which assembled yesterday
afternoon in Golden Gate Hall, the day j
proved to be a fair one, and that was liKe i
the convention also, for it was made up ,
of fair ones. There was but a shirt s< s
slon of the reading of reports and ad
dresses and exercises.
The best part of the programme nas •
been reserved for to-day, when there will j
he two sessions, one in the afternoon at
2 o'clock and another at 8 In the evening
in the Vame place. At the afternoon ses
sion there will be several bright and en
tertaining talks by several bright and en
tertaining people, and papers pertinent to
the issue will be read by Mrs. Carrie
Chapman Catt, Miss S. Severance, Mrs.
William Keith and Miss Solomons.
In the evening Mrs. Carrie Chapman
Catt will deliver a lecture on the subject
of ••Chestnuts." Mrs. Catt has won a
widely extended and favorable reputation j
as a public speaker. Notwithstanding tho
title there will be nothing chestnutty
about the lecture.
ALEXANDER D. KEYES
BECOMES A BENEDICT
ATTORNEY WEDS KATE THORN
TON SALISBURY.
The Nuptials Are Celebrated Very
Quietly at the Home of the Bride
on California Street.
A very pretty wedding took place yes
terday afternoon at the residence of Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury, 1414 California street,
when Miss Kate Salisbury and Alexander
Keyes were united in marriage in tha j
presence of about one hundred and fifty |
guests.
Mrs. Salisbury, the mother of the bride,
received the guests in a very handsome
claret colored gown of heavy silk, made
en train and embellished with wine col- !
ored tulle.
Promptly at 4;30 o'clock, to the music j
of "Lohengrin," sung by the Berkeley
Glee Club, the wedding party entered the
room. First came the bridesmaids, Miss
Azalea Keys, niece of the groom;
Prances Baldwin, Miss Olive Holbrook I
and Miss Josephine Longborough. After
th.m came the bride, leaning on the arm .
■■■ uncle. Neal Robinson, and follow
ing them was the maid of honor, Mis?
Margaret Salisbury, sister of the bride.
Winneld Scott Keyes was the best man.
The costumes worn by the bride and her
attendants were artistic and very ele- j
gant. The bridesmaids, two of them, :
wore gowns of pink crepe de chine over ]
pink taffeta, and carried immense bou
quets of white roses. The other two were I
(3 in white crepe de chine over white
a and carried pink roses. The maid
of honor was arrayed in an exquisite con- j
feet ion of tine white Swiss, covered with i
Intlnlteslmally small tucks. Her bouquet
was lilies of the valley, and a spray of
these delicate flowers decorated her hair. I
fcfiss Salisbury's gown was of white
satin. It was made with a full, long train,
and the corsage was finished with a trim
ming of superb lace. The bride wore a i
long tulle wedding veil, and a bouquet of
lilies of the valley completed a very ex- '
quisite costume.
The room in which the ceremony was ;
rmed was a perfect bower of roses
i and chrysanthemums. During the cere- I
mony. which was performed by Rev.
Father Prendergast, the couple stood un- !
der a canopy of pink roses, with huge [
shaggy headed white chrysanthemums
banked at fither side.
Aft'-r an Informal reception the wed- '
ding supper was served. Tho bride's table
wap prettily decorated in pink. Duchess
roses were banked on the table, and tho
candelabra were bright with pink shadi s
At the bride's table were the maid of
honor, the bridesmaids and the members i
of the Rerkeley Glee Club, who sang sev
eral selections while the sapper was being
served. The bride has been a very promi
nent member of society, and the groom
the son of the late General Keyes, is well
known.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1899.
available force nf infantry, cavalry
and artillery to the scene. The patrol
wagon represented the artillery, be
cause it had seen service in firing
drunks into the station. Jerry Dinan
and George McMahon galloped and
trotted to the scene on foot as did
ivelt's Rough Riders at Santiago,
Prison Keepers Callinan and
1 >v. j er, with Patrolmen Doud and
r, marched to the battlefield in
the patrol wngon.
Callinan, with a voice of thunder,
: upon the rioters to surrender,
and received for reply a swat on the
Jaw from a young ranch hand in blue.
Callinan, staggered but unconquered,
swiped his assailant on the head with
FORTY-SECOND
INFANTRY FROM
FORT NIAGARA
Arrival of the Last
Battalion.
COURT-MARTIAL APPOINTED
TROUBLE FOR MEN OF THE
VOLUNTEERS.
Desertion the Principal Offense of tho
Privates — More Official In-
vestigations as to
Fitness.
The other half of the Forty-second Reg
iment arrived yest< rday and joined the
companies already at the Presidio. The
second half was the one delayed by the
accident, and besides the story of the ac
cident It brought in n story of a derailed
train, twenty men slightly injured and
one man suffering from concussion of the
brain. The man suffering from concus
sion of the brain was left behind in the
hospital.
The second section of the Forty-jvpcond
came in under command of Lieutenant
Colonel Beacom, who, until the regiment
reaches Manila, will be Benior officer of
the regiment. Colonel J. Milton Thomp
son Is colonel of the regiment, but he is
already In Manila, and not until his
twelve companies arrive there will he
come to the duties of the spread eagle.
Lieutenant Colonel Beacom reports a
quiet trip out from Fort Niagara. He
pride in the fact that there was
not one man missing, not a man under
arrest, nor a man chargeable with nny
minor infraction of the military laws. He
brings forty-five officers and over 1200
men. all well drilled, but a little lacking
in target practice. It was the lack of
target practice which kept back the regl
mentfi already here, and it la plain that
the Forty-second will have to spend a
good deal of the time left it before de
parture for Manila on the ranges at the
Presidio. One thing the Department of
California demands from the men who go
from it Is accuracy of fire, and whenever
n regiment lacking in target practice ar
rives it must put in at least a certain
amount of practice at the ranges before
it is even spoken of for a transport.
There is more trouble about incompe
tent or apparently incompetent officers
among the regiments arriving from the
Bast. The latest orders have another
batch of officers to appear before the
nvntal examining board and a second lot
lo appear before the medical hoard. The
board, by orders, is {.he same as before —
Colonel Freeman, Colonel Rawles and
Captain Pratt— and it is supposed to in
quire Into th" fitness in every way of the
officer ordered before it. The latest or
ders to appear before the board include
Captain Paul B. Lino, Captain "William
J. Yaiden, First Lieutenant Andrew J.
Brown, Second Lieutenant Frederic Hus
man, Second Lieutenant Charles J. Weln
beimer and Second Lieutenant Daniel <i.
Mendel, all of the Thirty-eighth Regi
ment. There is also an order that The
following officers appear before the medi
cal examining board heretofore appointed
t.. 1m examined as to their physical fit
ness to perform the duties attached to
their rank: First Lieutenant Thadneus B
Selgle of the Thirty-eighth Infantry 0
S. V.; Captain I:. F. Patrick, adjutant
of the Forty-fifth Infantry, U. S. V. • First
Lieutenant A. R. Castle of the Forty
fifth Infantry, U. S. V.; Second Lieuten
ant F. G. Kellond of the Forty-fifth In
fantry, D. S. V.; Second Lieutenant A.
R. Jones of the Forty-fifth Infantry, U.
The officers named will report to the
? resident of the board, Major Philip S.
farvey. surgeon. T'nited States army.
The offenders of the recently arrived
regiments have been attended to by or
ders appointing the following courts
martial. Court-martial for the Forty
fourth Infantry: Lieutenant Colonel \V
S. Scott, Major H. B. McCoy, Captain
Thomas Leonard, Captain A. S. Cross
field, First Lieutenant W. J. White, First
Lieutenant O. R. Perry, Second Lieuten
ant F. L. Dengler, Second Lieutenant A.
J. Cadden, Second Lieutenant W. E. Par-
a club and laid him low. Then the
fight became general, the soldiers pil
ing in upon the police with great
alacrity. •
Lieutenant Esola guarded the sta
tion, and from his watch tower seeing
that the officers were surrounded by
the enemy, telephoned to the Central
police station for reinforcements, and
;i detail of nine men was sent up in the
Harbor patrol wagon. The fifteen
made a flying wedge into the crowd of
drunken soldiers and soon had nine
teen of them sprawling in the dust.
The remainder made their escape.
The nineteen were taken to the Cali
fornia-street station and registered as
plain drunks, with lumps on their
heads.
sons. First Lieutenant M. C Rayson,
Judge advocate, all of the Forty-fuurtli
Infantry.
Court-martial for the Forty-fifth In
fantry: Major Theodore K. Birkhaeuser,
Captain Daniel W. Hand, Captain James
Ross, Captain Adelbert W. Cogswell,
j Captain Tom J. Ropers, Captain Frank
E. Artand (assistant surgeon). First
Lieutenant Arthur S. Tlbbitts, First Lieu
tenant Allan G. Blaker, Second Lieuten
ant Edward P. Barber, Second Lieuten
ant Roy I. Taylor, Second Lieutenant
Albert S. Odell, Second Lieutenant Edwin
< '. Long:, Second Lieutenant John ,M.
Bhuman, First Lieutenant George P.
Tyner, judge advocate, all of the Forty
lifth Infantry.
There is no offense in either regiment
graver than attempted desertion, but the
trials will go on just the same and the
offenders will have, to stand -whatever
penalty the military court may direct.
Major Folliot A. Whitney, Sixth In
fantry, has been ordered to proceed to
the Philippines by the transport City of
Sydney.
Captain John Newton, Sixteenth Infan
try, lias been assigned to duty as quar
termaster and commissary on the trans
■ port Duke of Fife.
First Lieutenant Hamilton A. Smith,
Third Infantry; Captain James A. Arra
smith, Thirteenth Infantry, and Second
Lieutenant Emory S. West, Eleventh
Cavalry • have been ordered to report for
temporary duty with the casual detach
ment at 'the Presidio pending their as
signment to the Philippines.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Herbert V.
Thornburgh, Acting Assistant Surgeon
Donald P. MrCord and Acting Assistant
Surgeon Thomas S. U'\vc have been as-
Kign.d to duty at the general hospiial
pending assignment to Manila
Vp'in the recommendation of the cnler
surgeon of the department. Acting As
sistant Surgeon Robert E. Williams, now
on duty at Angel Island, is assigned to
duty at the detention camp on Angel
Island, relieving Acting Assistant Sur
geon William Grey Miller, who will re-
Sort to the commanding officer Forty
fourth Infantry, for duty.
The United States army transport
Wvefield arrived from Manila about II
o'clock last night. She brought no nas
sengers or supplies and is expected to load
and return to the Philippines in a short
time.
NANCE O'NEIL
WANTED BLOOD
There was a difference of opinion behind
the Bcenes at the California Theater the
other night. It happened between the acts
of "Oliver Twist."
Mlps O'Nei] left the Btar dressing room
and started for the wings in response to
a "hurry up" from Mr. Gleason. The
spirit of Nancy Sykes had descended upon
her, and she swashed her brown calico
and rolled, hands on hips, according to
the slums of London town. She stopped
on her way to give an order to a maid,
and it was at this point that Mr. Duval, a
person of some authority, stopped her.
"You are not going to put blood on^ your
face to-night, are you, Miss O'Nell?"
Nance stopped and turned toward him
by means of her neck alone. Her eye
brows were up.
"You are joking. Mr. Duval," in mutter
ing thunder. ,
"No. I'm not. Don't put it on your face.
Be murdered without the blood. Come,
d ° f And O why, may I ask?" Nance Sykes
was translating hersell Into Magda.
••It'll spoil your complexion.
Then the storm burst. The eyebrows
came down, but the chin went up, and
Mi?s O'Nell'B large arm gesticulated side
ward as it is wont. In the most booming
kind or thunder she broke loose.
"Mr Duval. you must be insane. Not
put blood on my face! Spoil the per
formance? Do you suppose 1 care for my
complexion? I? Do you? Mr. Duval, un
derstand that I will give an artistic per
j formance if it costs me my complexion
forever."
Mr Duval became so small that he was
■ neither heard nor seen. Nancy Sykes
swept magnificently past trunks and fur
niture and scenes and entered fiercely at
her cue. . .
That is why she was so drenehingly
gory in the last act that Mr. Oppenheimer
said things under his breath about spoil
ing his new stage with red paint, and two
members of the audience were carried out
In hysterics. And that Is why Mr. Duval
is recalling all the pro erbs he ever heard
about perversity and women.
SARAH TOMSTOCK.
New Drydock.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 7.— The Astoria
Progressive Commercial Association now
has under consideration plans fur the
construction of nn Immense drydock
here. The estimated cost of the dock is
$700,000. The commerce of the Columbia
has grown to such proportions that a
large dock is needed, and funds will prob
ably soon be raised to commence the
work.
NO DISCHARGED
SOLDIERS CAME
ON THE ST, PAUL
Transport Brought 10
Passengers Only.
MAILBOAT AUSTRALIA ARRIVES
A CROWD OF HONOLULU PEOPLE
CAME UP ON HER.
Curacao Iteparts for Mexican Ports.
Plans for the New Wharf at
Howard Street to Be
Adopted To-Day.
The transport St. Paul arrived from
Manila yesterday afternoon, after a good
passage of twenty-seven days. She would
have been here Monday night had it not
been for a slight break in the machinery
which prevented the engines being run at
full speed. Captain Hays reports leaving
Manila on October 11 and making the run
to Nagasaki in five days. The Indiana,
with the Tennessee troops aboard, left
Nagasaki a few hours ahead of the St.
Paul, bounu for Yokohama. The St. Paul
overhauled and passed the Indiana the
same day, and the officers of the trans
port think it will be next Friday before
the Tennessee boys reach here.
The passengers on the St. Paul were:
Mrs. C. H. Andrews and Myron Andrews,
the wife and son of Lieutenant Andrews
of the medical department of the army;
R. S. Chamberlin, a mining expert; James
Gillies, ex-quartermaster sergeant of
Company C, First California; Joseph M.
Ross, ex-sergeant Company C, First Cali
fornia; O. C. Heise, assistant surgeon,
Twelfth Infantry; Joseph A. McGeary,
Fourteenth Infantry; George H. Grilling,
paymaster, U. S. N.; Matthew Burke, Ed
Arnold and F. L. Lowell of the quarter
master's department. Mr. McGeary was
formerly in the office of the postofflce in
spectors, but when the call to arms came
he resigned his position and enlisted in
the Fourteenth Infantry, He was a very
sick man before leaving Manila, but is
now well on the road to recovery.
The St. Paul came into port in splendid
order. She does not look like a troop
ship and everybody aboard has a good
word to say lor Captain Hays and his
officers. The ship carried the Third Cav
alry from Seattle to Manila and Captain
Hays brings back a very handsome re
minder of the trip. It is a decanter of cut
glass, beautifully chased with silver and
bearing the following inscription: "To
Captain G. M. Hays, S. S. St. Paul, from
the officers of the Third Cavalry and med
ical staff, October, 1899."
Purser E. L. Gould, as usual, had every
thing in readiness for the quarantine offi
cer, customs inspectors and, last but not
least, the newspaper men, so no one was
delayed. He reports that the Indiana,
besides the Tennessee Regiment, had 100
prisoners aboard when she was at Naga
saki. They were all in charge of Lieu
tenant Desmukes and have from three to
ten years' sentences to serve. At Naga
saki one eight-year, one five-year and one
three-year prisoner escaped and were not
recaptured. As soon as the Indiana ar
rived the quartermaster's steamer Mc-
Dowell will take the prisoners aboard and
land them on Alcatraz. - *
Mr Goold says that the day after the
St. Paul left MajUla they passed a derelict
barge No. 1779. Early in October the
steamers Esmeralda and Lagaspi left
Hongkong for Manila with launches and
barges in tow for the United States Gov
ernment. They were caught in the
typhoon of October 1-3 and the Lagaspl
lost her tow. The barge passed by the
St. Paul Is supposed to have belonged to
her.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from Honolulu yesterday,
after a splendid passage of six days eight
hours. The run would have been made in
less than six days had it not been for the
heavy fog which caused Captain Houd
lette to slow his vessel down when he
was approaching the coast. The Austra
lia brought up 63 cabin and 35 steerage
passengers. Those in the cabin were:
S. B. Rose, wife and son; Miss E. E.
Chaffee, O. Eastwood and wife, Miss E.
Q. O'Connell. Miss L. C. O'Connell, Mrs.
\V. H. Hamilton, Mrs. C. H. Bishop and
son, D. R. Emery, W. H. Lowden, Miss
F. Lowden, Miss J. A. Shearer, Mrs. L.
P. .Mclntyre, Miss O. Sheridan, Miss G.
Sheridan, D. J. Rodgers, E. R, Fraser,
Mrs. F. Gwynne, Miss T. Coleman, Miss
N. McPherson, Miss V. Chandler. J. H.
Crawford and wife, R. C. Medcraft, Cap
tain J. Peterson and wife, W. B. McLean,
A. Friedenthal. R. H. Pratt and wife, F.
Curtis, Clay Clement, Mrs. C. Clement, J.
E. Crew, D. Mullen, J. Hardy,' Ed Felt,
M. de Roco, H. D. Roberts, wife, two
children and maid, F. McQuarrie, O. Nor
flect. Miss B. Foltz. Miss M. Marshall. J.
Williams, E. M. Bell, F. L. Hoogs, Mrs.
M. Kennedy. H. G. Lonsdale and wife.
J. H. Wise, E. C. Winston, E. Walton, C.
M. Grave, P. Peck, R. B. Hogue and J.
E. Dunn.
Clay Clement and his company of play
ers came back. Their season in Honolulu
was not a success, strange to say. Cap- i
tain Peterson and wife also came up on
the Mall boat. Captain Peterson was
master of the bark Lady Lamnson when
she was lost on Palmyra Island. He and
Mrs. Peterson and live of the crew were
for twenty-eight days in an open boat and
finally reached the coast of Hawaii.
The steamer Curacao sailed for Mexican
ports yesterday with 17 cabin and 5 steer
age passengers.
The bark James Nesmith, which arrived
from Newcastle, Australia, last Monday
night, has been chartered to carry lumber
to Delagoa Bay.
The Harbor Commissioners will to-day
decide upon the plans for rebuilding How
ard street wharf No. 3. Owing to the ad
vance in the price of iron the chances are
a new wooden cylinder patented by Chief
Engineer Holmes will be adopted.
TOO MUCH FILIPINO.
Mechanics' Institute Has an Ele
phant on Its Hands and Writes
to Washington for
Assistance.
A meeting of the "Board of Directors"
of the Mechanics' Institute was held last
night. Ernsi A. Drnicke called the meet-
Ing to order. The most interesting trans
action of the evening was a resolution to
send an appeal to Washington in regard
to the disposal of the Filipino acrobats
now In the city.
The^f men and women are being kept at
the expense of the Institute, and tne ap
peal forwarded to Lyman J. Gage, Seo
retary of the Treasury. Klihu Root, Sec
retary of War, Alien Hitchcock, Secret
tary of the Interior, and President Mc-
Kinley. is to petition the Government to
make some arrangements for their trans
portation to Manila. Many of them are
willing to work, but are unable to f nd
employment here.
\Y. R. Williams, former assistant li
brarian of the Institute, resigned
his position and will in future bo
librarian oi the Mercantile Library. One
hundred books have been given to the
soldiers' library, and more magazines are
to be bought for the periodical room
President Denicke, at the close of the
meeting, spoke of the loss the institute
had sustained in the death of Trustee
James H. Culver.
A Desirable Pamphlet.
S. N. Wood & Co. have Jußt Issued for
the fall and winter of 1898-1900 a very at
tractive catalogue, containing illustra
tions of the styles of suits, furnishings
and hats carried by thorn, together with
a number of late patterns in tailor-made
suits. The booklet is excellent typograph
ically and of value to those so situated
that it Is Inconvenient to come to San
Francisco to make their purchases. It
will bo sent free of charge on applica
tion with full directions for self-measure
ment.
7
and LINEN
DEPARTMENTS.
SIX EXTRA BARGAINS.
35 pieces VENETIAN AND ENGLISH COVERT m 4 ofr
CLOTHS, full 54 lnGhes wide and all new $1 «ZO
shades Yard.
2 cases NEW GOLF CLOAKINGS,In Navijs, mo r^r^
Greens, Browns and Tans, with plaid q>O«UU
hacks and full 56 to 62 inches in width. . Yard.
2 cases FANCY EIDERDOWN FLANNELS, latest 7 £
colorings and hest dualities 1 OC
Yard.
10 cases GERMAN DUVETTE FLANNELS, In a a C)i n
full assortment of stripes, figures and 1 2 C
plaids Yard.
40 pieces 72-INCH BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK, Hr n
ail handsome designs (Irish manufacture). . . •OC
Yard.
500 dozen Extra Heavu BLEACHED LINEN mo f\f\
HUCK TOWELS, hemmed, hemstitched Jpo.UU
and fringed Dozen.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
MURDERER DE BAUGE
SHEDS BITTER TEARS
MAKES STATEMENT DETAILING
THE DEATH STRUGGLE.
His Defense Will Probably Be That
He Was Temporarily Insane
When He Committed
the Deed.
Paul de Bauge, the cook who murdered
Delia Tracey, alias Reynolds, alias O'Con
nor, in her room at 14 Turk street early
yesterday morning, was taken before
Judge Mogan yesterday and instructed as
to his rights. He asked for time to com
municate with his friends, and the Judge
continued the case till to-morrow.
De Bauge is suffering from the effects
of his struggle with the woman and yes
l terday morning was tanon to the Re
ceiving Hospital for treatment. He had
an incised wound on the little finger of
bis right hand and was otherwise in
jured, besid' s liciiiL; scratched repeatedly
on the faro and forehead, showing that
the woman had made a desperate strug
gle for her life. He had to be taken back
again to the hospital yesterday after
noon.
De Bauge made a full statement yester
day to Captain Bohen, and during its
recital he was in tears. He said he was
born in Meiiux, France, forty-seven years
ago and came to this city when 18 years
of age. He had worked as a conk in
nearly all the leading restaurants. He
was married in 1884 and lived with his
wife at 1010 Mission street. In March,
LB9B, he went to the Klondike with his
adopted son Charlie and returned about
four weeks ago.
He had been drinking before he met the
woman. He detailed in full the quarrel
with her over the missing $10 gold piece
and the death struggle. He claims thai
she took the dirk out of his pocket and
attempted to use it on him and he suc
ceeded in wrenching it from her, the han
dle remaining in her hand. He became
crazy and used the dirk on her neck.
When the policeman arrived he strug
gled with them and got a black eye.
De Bauge's wife called at the prison
yesterday morning and there was an ef
fecting Bcene between them. They em
braced each other and both shed tears.
After she left him she was utterly pros
trated. Mrs. de Bauge is a handsome,
ladylike woman.
The autopsy on the woman's body
showed that there were twenty-eight
wounds in her neck, which caused" death
besides others on her forehead and head.
The inquest will be held to-morrow.
Used Illegal Nets.
The Stare Game and Fish Commission
ers recently received information that the
law was being violated by parties near
Chico, fishing for salmon with nets of a
mesh prohibited by the statutes. Deputy
i W. J. Hall and the Chico officers soon
found the illegal fishers, who were uslncv
a net with ;i 4' L -inch mesh, T l^ Incl
Ing the smallest permitted. There were
i four of them, G. and \V. Thomas. Charles
I Batchelder and John McGinnls. all of
Chico. The accused were held by Justice
Collins, and their trial will take place
next week.
Sued the Wrong Party.
In the case of Thomas Gallivan vs. the
executors of the estate of Henry C. Nel
son of Colusa, United States Circuit Judge
Morrow yesterday rendered a decision
granting the ?notion of the defendant for
judgment on the pleadings and dismissing
the case. Gallivan i? a physician. He
brought in a bill of several thousand dol
lars for medical services rendered to
Henry C. Nelson before bis decease. To
recover the amount he sued the executors
and the decision of the court is that he
should have brought suit against the
estate.
Two Sudden Deaths.
Lazarus David, a native of Poland, need
62 years, died suddenly ai 7 o'clock yester
day morning at his residence, 7 John
street. He hnd been ailing for two weeks.
Michael Smith, a native of Ireland. 5S
years old, died suddenly of apoplexy yes
terday afternoon at his residence, corner
of Seventeenth and Douglas streets. He
had been weak-minded for a long time.
The cases were reported to the Coroner.
Dr. Parker's Couffh Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try H. 2»c. Ail druggists.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OIL! OIL! OIL!
"A Good Strike in Oil
Will Reduce Yonr Toil"
If you are looking for an oil In-
vestment you had better procure
stock in the CONTINENTAL OIL
AND DEVELOPMENT COM-
PANY new, as we have sold half
of the shares placed on the market
the first week. If the demand con-
tinues ten days more stock cannot
In 3 had at any price.
Our lands are right in the "oil
basin" and sure of good results.
An order has been Placed for the
latest improved machinery that
will enable us to go any depth
necessary to get the oil.
Prof. Wells, an oil expert of
many years' experience, says that
this district will be the greatest oil-
bearing- section In the State.
"Shall I chance a few dollars to
make myself comfortable for life,
or be satisfied to labor for every
dollar I receive?"
For particular? call or address
A. E. Rt'DELL, Secretary,
222 Sansnme Street
WM, CORBIN, President.
COURIAN'S NEW RARE COLLECTION
Just out of the Custom House.
TURKISH D 1 1 P 0
PERSIAN Illlyy
WILL BE SOLD AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
THIS DAY.
Wednesday, Nov. Bth,
AT 2 P. M. DAILY.
Goods on view Monday and Tuesday", Oct. 30
and SI. at
ART ROO;VIS,
125 GEARY ST.
Adjoining the City of Paris.
NOTE— Mr. Courlan, realizing that nothing
was too fine for his patrons In San Francisco,
instructed his agents in the Orient to secure
the rarest nnd most perfect antiques obtalr,-
B bl*. This rnU.-, ■ ro"->->sent« two years nt
their labor and was made specially for th's
: sale. A. "W. LOUDERBACK will conduct tha
' sale.
»•»•••••-••-•••■«»■»»»«, «««»«i
, Transcontinental tourists and tray- »
1 Transcontinental tourists and State* I
elers from all over the United State* »
tiiovv Weil »tn<n, k iu.,^ u wl kttJ ,
leuce of the * w ?
! PALACE and
I GRAND
by making theße hotels their headaoar- '
i i ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen "
hundred rooms. 900 with baths— largest '
.< '■ and finest In the world
I - JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. t
I ~ ' " ~~"
RUPTI XL»
I'SE NO MORE IRON
fl^F^«&*£©^ Ho °PS or Steel Springs.
Jsf"^Jt?\3^5 = Rupture retain .1 with eas»
i-'TffV< and comfort and thousands radl-
» /m cal CURED by DR. £}j K R < E »
% /jSi v Magnetic Elastic Truss. (CTCall , at
office or write for New Pampmet
NO. 1.
*AQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market st.,opp. Palace Hotel. -» rl Francisco.
IA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
_ ■ Telephone 931.
Residence, 821 CalUornla St.. b«low FowiU,
can Francisco,